V
TJ ? f. ii>
^he Purilue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAEAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1936
NUMBER 40
Flower Show Opens Today Display Includes Miniature Countryside The University’s sixteenth annual Horticultural Show will open its doors to the public at 1 o’clock ^today. The exhibits are being shown in both the Horticulture building and the greenhouse. There are more exhibits than ever before. The premium lists total over $500 in merchandise in the Purdue student, vocational, 4-H club, and commercial classes. In addtion to the display of chrysanthemums in the greenhouse, other exhibits include an old fashioned garden, a miniature countryside, and an exhibit of the costs incurred in producing flowers commercially. The show will continue tomorrow and will close Sunday.
Hart Addresses Cosmopolitan Club On ‘College Life’ “People in technical schools such as Purdue should guard against missing out on the human and personal things of life*,” said Dr. John Robbins Hart, well known lecturer, talking on “College Life” at a dinner held by the Cosmopolitan Club at the American Commons Club last night. Dr. Hart stressed the idea that we should enjoy our youth fully as insurance against groiving old too soon, that we should enjoy the different people with whom we come in contact, and should learn to adjust ourselves in our relations with others. Hart, who has done a great deal of work in psychology laid emphasis on the fact that the opportunity to learn about people and from people should be eagerly accepted, since we must deal with individuals all through life. In touching on the preparation for a profession Dr. Hart said, “In later work, be where you want to be, and do what you want to do, and you will have your best chance for success.
National YWCA To Sponsor Hookup The National Board of YWCA is sponsoring an international broadcast next Monday from 3 to 3:30 o’clock over an NBC hookup for the purpose of promoting better international YWCA cooperation. Among the many distinguished speakers are Dolores Costello, who will speak from Hollywood, and Sophonisba P. Breckenridge, professor of public welfare administration of the University of Chicago. Mrs. Lin Tang, speaking from New York, will represent China; Countess Helen G. Goblete d’ Alvella, speaking from Geneva, Switzerland, will represent Belgium; Madam Brunschvig, assistant secretary of education in the French presidential cabinet, will speak from Paris; and Mrs. H. A. Cody will represent Canada from Toronto.
Managers Select Debate Topic At the Mohlman debate managers' meeting last Wednesday night, 60 representatives from 22 organizations selected the proposition to be debated. It is stated as follows: “Resolved that all citizens should receive complete medical care at public expense.” The problem as to which organizations will oppose each other will be decided among themselves, the final approval to be recognized in the speech department. Plans for the promotion of the tournament were also discussed. In the preliminary round each of the twenty-two teams entered will be given two chapces, so that all will be given the opportunity to profit by their mistakes. This first round must be finished by November 20.
Trustees of Amherst College voted $7,00Q for the 40 new lamp posts to be installed on the campus next summer.
Dick Hartum Will Play For Mixer Tomorrow Dick Hartum and his band from the University of Illinois will play for the regular weekly mixer tomorrow night in the Memorial Union ballroom. The usual admission price of one dollar will be charged and the hours will be from nine to twelve.
Inaugurate Safety Drive Twelve Institutes To Fulfill State School Requirements In response to requests from high school principals and teachers of traffic safety, the University’s Public Safety Institute announced yesterday a series of 12 Traffic Safety Institutes in as man^ Indiana cities. They will start next Monday at Crown Point and continue at various times during November, December, and January in various parts of the state. Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, announced. The Institutes will l^e given in cooperation with the State Department of Public Instruction, State Department of Public Safety, Teaching Problems The 12 Institutes will cover the problem of teaching traffic safety, including methods and demonstrations, in public schools and have been designed to assist school administrators and teachers now offering or planning to offer the twenty hours of instruction in traffic safety required in all high schools of the state. The manual for this course was prepared by the University last spring and has been distributed to teachers of this subject. The regular instructional work will be given by Donald S. Berry, assistant traffic engineer of the public safety division of the National Safety Council. With him will be Dean Knapp and other Purdue staff members and at the first three meetings, James S. Baker, field representative of the National Safety Council, and co-author of the lesson manual now used in the state, will also instruct. While these schools are set up on a district basis, and school administrators and teachers are asked to those in their districts, nevertheless they are welcome to attend any of the meetings that come at a more convenient location or at a more convenient date than is listed. Dean Knapp stated.
Lum ’w Abner Pine Ridge Silver Cornet Band To Appear At Mars Today “Howdy everybody, here we are all ready to take you down to Pine Ridge.” Such will be the theme as the Pine Ridge Silver Cornet Band appears on the stage at the Mars Theatre today and tomorrow. The band, which is under the active management of Lum and Abner, is headed by Ezra Buzzington long known as a popular band leader throughout the Middle West. Featured with Buzzington will be Dick Huddleston, the real life Arkansas storekeeper who has been a character “by proxy” on the Lum and Abner broadcasts. The band also includes many musical specialties—the music being produced on kitchen churns, scythes, sweet potatoes, saws, and several other odd music producers.
Co-ops To Conduct Open House Sunday Purdue student co-opetatives are inviting all people interested to attend their open houses on Sunday afternoon from 2 until 4 o’clock. These co-operatives are the Wesley Girls’ Club at 12% Russell street., the Wesley Co-op (men) at 486 State street, and the Purdue Student Co-operative Association (for men) at 1 University street. In these organizations the stp dents share all the expenses of running the house, and this invitation affords an opportunity for visitors to see what the inside of a *‘co-op” house is like.
1936 Military Ball Leaders
ROTC To Hold Annual Military Ball Tonight G. W. Martin, Virginia Alsop, J M. Baker, Kathryn Tweed To Lead Grand March More than six hundred couples will dance to the music of Bill Hogan’s orchestra tonight from 9 until 1 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom at the annual Military Ball. The entire lobby of the Union will be reserved for this dance which is the first formal social function of the year,
decorations
Brigade Commander G. W. Martin and Virginia Alsop (upper row) will receive the formal presentation of the 1936 Military Ball from Cadet Colonel J. M. Baker, chairman of the committee, and Kathryn Tweed tonight. After the presentation they will lead the grand march of all the dancers through an arch of sabers.
1936 Who^s Who Selects Thirty-One Faculty Members From the campus of Purdue, the recently published 1936-37 volume of Who’s Who In America has included thirteen faculty members. Heading the list are President E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees. The remainder of the members from their respective scliools and departments are: Science, H. E. Enders, J. C. Arthur, and H. E. Behrens; Engineering, A. A. Potter, G. A. Young, J. L. Bray, C. F. Harding, W. K. Hatt, D. D. Ewing, J. D. Hoffman, L. V. Ludy, A. P. Poorman, and R. N. Shreve; Agriculture, J. H. Skinner and H. R. Kraybill; Home Economics, Mary L. Mathews; Modern Language, E. V. Greenfield; Education, 0. F. Hall, and G. L. Roberts; English, H. L. Creek; History, Economics, and Government, J. A. Estey, and L. M. Sears; Pharmacy, C. B. Jordan; Graduate, R. G. Dukes; Entomology, J. J. Davis. Also included are: Prank Watson, director of the Purdue Housing Research Project; G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry; Library, W. M. Hepburn, and L. W. Josselyn.
Concert Programs Commence Sunday Several solos by Mrs. Hubert M. James and Dr. J. A. Estey will feature the first of a series of Sunday afternoon concerts to be presented in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building on November 9. The program will start at 3 p. m. and will comprise the following numbers: Italian Songs 11 Mio Bel Foco (Marcello) Un Bel Oi Wetjrama (Madame Butterfly), Puccini. Non So Piu Casa Son (Mozart). Piano Two' Preludes (Chopin). Mazurka (Chopin). Modem Frencr Songs Apres Un Beve (Foure). Invitation on Voyage (Dupare). Chere Uuit (Bockelet). Plano May Night (Palmyren). The Swan. Pastorale (Sibelius). English Songs When 1 Go Al9ne At Night. Under The Greenwood Tree (Buzzie Peccia). Piano Arabesque (Debussy). Dance Langoureuse (Scatt). Danse Caprice (Grieg).
Co-eds To Meet At 4 For Scout Training Course Because of the WSGA activities banquet November 13, Miss Hazelton announced that the first meeting of the Girl Scout leadership training course will be held at 4 o’clock that afternoon, instead of 4:45, as previously announced. All following meetings on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday afternoons will be at 4:45.
Elaborate decorations for the ballroom have been prepared. They are of modernistic design with the military theme predominant. The colors of the corps, battery guidons, and pennants will be hung around the wall. Modernistic soldiers will stand on guard at both sides of the entrance to the dance floor, and the band platform will be colorfully lighted and decorated to carry out the general
theme.
Leading the grand march, which will begin at 10:00 o’clock, will be Cadet Colonel G. W. Martin, brigade commander of the Purdue Corps, and Miss Virginia Alsop from the University of Kentucky, followed by Cadet Colonel J. M. Baker, chairman of the Military Ball committee, accompanied by Miss Kathryn Tweed, of Westminister College, New Wilmington, Pennsylvania. Members of the committee will first appear in front of the bandstand, and Cadet Colonel Baker will formally present the Ball to the brigade commander. Cadet Colonel
Martin.
Arch of Sabers Following the presentation, members of the committee will form an arch of sabers, through which those participating in the grand march will pass. Only those officers and cadet officers in uniform will take part in the march. Guides will form around the wall of the bstllloom to indicate the line of march. Following the second dance after the grand March, formal announcement of new pledges of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, will be made. Pledges will then be for-
Winner Of Lamb Trophy Will Receive Key In Addition To Silver Cup The Lamb trophy is presented annually to the unorganized freshman man who has been most outstanding in campus activities during the year. The cup was donated by W. S. Lamb, whose son and daughter were active Independent workers during their attendance in the University. In former years, the winner has had no material remembrance of his achievement, since the cup is passed from man to man. However, this year and in the future. Lamb will present a key with the trophy. The trophy is to be retained only for the year, the key to become the permanent possession of the winner. In the last three years the cup has been won by Herman Hersh, now president of the Purdue Independent Association; Bill Stevens, an active board member last year; and Wilson White, who is this year’s activity manager and present holder of the cup. The trophy is now on display in the PIA office.
Hutchison Wins Trophy Coming through in the finals to capturp the All Campus Golf Trophy, T. J, Uutchison defeated Ralph Hill of Kappa Delta Rho yesterday by a score of 6 and 4.
Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Alpha announces the pledging of E. L. Schwartz, Huntinburg; and W. M. Peak, Covington, Kentucky.
A man may be so totally lost to hope that he will refuse to believe he can ever do or be anything, but few get so far down that they can’t imagine a woman might be in love with them.—L. Davis.
T. F. Lorenz Crash Victim Freshman In School Of Engineering KiUed As Auto Hits Train Thomas F. Lorenz, freshman in the University school of engineering, was killed late Wednesday night when the automobile which he was driving collided with an interurban freight train near
Kokomo, Indiana.
Riding with Lorenz were fVederick C. Goldsmith, Ralph Smith, and Forrest N. Prater, all University freshmen. Goldsmith’s condition is described as serious, while Smith and Prater have severe cuts and bruises. Lorenz and Goldsmith were thrown 30 or 40 feet from their automobile when it crashed. The four youths were on their way to Marion, Indiana, their home town, to attend a high school dance. The injured were taken to St. Joseph’s hospital in Kokomo^ No definite funeral arrangements for Lorenz have yet been made. Dean M. L. Fisher went to Kokomo last night to see the injured youths.
She Didn Have A Chance—Forster
“She didn’t have a chance,” bragged Hugh Forster, Exponent junior editor, yesterday after planting an exceptionally long-winded kiss up-
mally presented to active members on the lips of an imknown co-ed in
of the fraternity,
The WSGA judicial board has asked the Exponent to emphasize the fact that hours for all women students are 2 o’clock tonight.
Group Photos Start Monday Wes Dwight, editor of the 1937 Debris, announced last night that the taking of group pictures for the Debris will start Monday, November 9 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. A schedule listing thq times at which the pictures will be taken can be found on page two of today’s Exponent. The Debris staff asks that presidents of organizations on the campus to notify their members of the time and day set aside for their group.
Sophomore Hanley Prize Announced For each class winner of the Hanley contest, which has been newly installed upon the campus this year, an individual prize will be awarded. The sophomore winner will be chosen November 18, and will receive a book entitled “Handbook of Engineering Fundamentals” as his prize. John Wiley and Sons are the publishers. The name of the winner will be engraved upon the volume. Prizes for junior and senior contests will be announced in later issues of
the Exponent.
The final winner of the participation will be awarded a $50 prize. Also he will have his name engi*aved upon a metal plate which will be attached to the Hanley Gavel„ official permanent trophy of the Hanley speech contest. The gavel will be on permanent display in the
Memoi'ial Union Building.
Twenty dollars is the prize to be
The total amount donated by W. A
and individual elass prizes.
front of Heavilon Hall to fulfill an election bet agreement with Paul Manion, another junior editor of the
Exponent.
According to stipulations of the bet, immediately after the singing of the Gimlet pledges under the Heavilon Hall arch yesterday morning, Forster rushed out, grabbed the first co-ed coming from the east, and went into a kissing clinch of duration estimated variously from 26 seconds to more than a minute. A cameraman took a couple of shots of the scene, while an appreciative audience of about 100 students looked on with envy and admiration. ‘You paid the bet in full, Forster,” said Manion, winner (?) of the bet, as the two shook hands after the clinch was broken, “and as for the girl, she seemed rather surprised, but I think she liked it.” Late Informatifm Flash! Information received anonymously at 10:30 last night revealed the name of the kissee in yesterday’s election bet payo^. Anita Fair, home economics transfer freshman from Indiana University said in referring to Forster’s kiss. I didn’t know what it was aU about until it was all over.” She added, 'I thought he would never stop,'* but admitted that “he seems to know his business.” An eyewitness to the episode commented “When he kisses ’em, they stay kissed.” Dorothea Justin, who recently announced her intention of being the first in line yesterday morning when reached by telephone late last night refused to say more than, “Not even for Hugh Forster would I get up at 7 o'clock when I have a 9 o’clock dass.”
M D, Steer To Address Blinois Teaehm
M, D, Steer, director of the University Speech Clinic, will talk at the Illinois state teachers* meeting , which is being held at Urbana, II-
awarded the second place winner. Inois, today and tomorrow. The
subject of his address will be ‘‘The
Hanley is $100, which is distributed Effect of a State-wide Speech Coramong the two mentioned awards Section Program Upon CoUege Stn-
j '
dents.'*
^ "5/r
ptme 'I'wq
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Fri4ay> November 6.193g
Current Comment
Worthless Honoraries Most worthless honoraries die a natural death, gradually passing out of existence when students refuse to pay high initiation fees for a hollow honor. Seldom do the Imnoraries themselves realize their own worthlessness and disband of their own accord. An instance of the latter type recently occurred at Iowa State College, when Jack 0 Lantern, first women’s honorary formed at that institution, voluntarily disbanded last week. According to statements issued by officers of the organization, the group felt it could no longer justify its existence by virtue of services performed for the university. This is a common sense attitude which a great number of honoraries might well take. Most such groups were organized to serve a worthwile purpose. No doubt they served that purpose at one time. But today a great many have outlived their usefulness and refuse to realize the fact. It might be time well spent if officers of honoraries would ask themselves the following questions about their own group: (p Is our organization justifiable on the basis of services rendered to the student body and college? (2) Has our system for selection of pledges become corrupt‘d (3) Are our fees too high ? If the honest answer to the above questions are strongly affirmative, the honorary should disband and disband quickly before the memory of its past service is marred —A H F A Good Slide Recently a large American industrial concern announced its intention of adopting a sliding wage scale which will vary as the price index of American commodities Although this experiment has been tried before, rather unsuccessfully, the company in question has a reputation of employing efficient methods and policies Perhaps in this instance the experiment will succeed If it does prove practical no doubt other industries will adopt it. This will be one step nearer economic security that long sought for aim of the American citizen At present the salaried man and the laborer are at a disadvantage. Commodity prices fluctuate rapidly while salaries and wages lag behind This system gives economic advantage at times when wages and salaries are high and prices are low However, such an unbalanced condition soon forces wages and salaries down while commodity prices may have risen, and the employee is at a decided disadvantage Since it is harder to objjfcain a boost m wages or salaries than it is to get a cut, the system seldom averages to the point where where the employee gets an even break between prices and wages The proposed sliding scale will provide for prompt adjustments to give the employee the “break” he has sought. Scientifically trained economists will be required to establish the price index by which wages are to be set. The age old battle between employer and employee probably will shift to a three-way contest: the employer claiming the index too high, the laborer claiming it too low, and the economist claiming he’s j'ust right.—^A. H. F. $urbue exponent Founded in 1883
1036 Member 1937 P^sociobd Gollediale Press Distributors of GDlie6iQteDi6est Member of National CoUege Press Association, Bir Ten Editorial
Association
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL. ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc Cellege Publishers Representative 420 MADISON AVE New York NY CHICAOO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8 60 per year, delivered by earner, 32 60 pear year, sold by single copy, 2 cents MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6037 Daily Student Publication of Piu|:due University EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief .. - W T Hunt Managing Editor _ _ E, H Moms Aasoeiate Editors E. A Barnette J E Brock, A. H. Forster, R P Manion, C. L Sadler
SPORTS STAFF
„ „ L. D Wood
W H Fifleld, S R. Griffiths,
R. F Obenchain
Bpwrts Editor
Associate Sports Editors —
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager— _ „ „ IL J. Hulse National Advertising Manager L H Brown Local Advertising Manager _ DC Miller Circulation Manager - ~ J P Girard
Editor Advertising Manager Assoeiate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech Betty Barnett —Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke
Issue Editw—J. R. Clark
Modern Manners Then there is always the story about the man on the street car who offered his seat to a lady, whereupon she fainted at this uncommon act. When the lady thanked the gentleman, he fainted. This old story indicates the laxness in the present day manners. Why do the eds joke about the co-eds on the campus? What appreciation do boys receive for courtesies bestowed ? Men liked to be thanked for opening doors, but girls put themselves on a high pedestal far beyond the men’s consideration. With this idea prevailing on the campus, eds do not feel the need to extend courtesies. Not only should this problem be considered in relation to men but also other women students. Living courteously with friends is really a pleasure as well as a help in acquiring poise for larger social circles. Maybe a girl thinks she is being nonchalant as she leans on the dinner table, but she is not—she is being crude. Manners need not be difficult to acquire for they are only based on kindness It is thoughtfulness for the waiter on the part of a person who places his knife and fork together near the edge of the plate. There is a reason for every bit of etiquette, table and otherwise. Eastern or southern girls’ schools are well known for their charming ladies They emphasize conventional manners, poise, and tact This University is a man’s school (so some say) and does not care about improving co-ed manners which they should have learned at home It has an inclination to care more for girls with brains and business ability Yes, but there is no need for reaching the other extreme All the good grades, campus honoraries, and school activities a girl may possess can not get her a job if she has not enough personal attraction to appeal to business people A sound basis for a pleasant personality IS being continuously accomodatmg to all friends and minimizing one’s individuality —E C P
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 9 ft 10—Student Senate ^ 20—W S G A 7 80—Gold Peppers 7 40—Gimlet 7 60—Skull and Crescent. 8 00—j^amers 8 10—■Tau Kappa Alpha 8 20—Sigma Delta Chi 8 80—Alpha Lambda Delta 8 40—Kappa Delta Pi 8 60—Theta Alpha Phi 9 00—P I A TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 10 7 00 & 7 id'-—Defons, Business & Editorial 7 20 & 7 30—Exponent Business & Editorial 7 40—Agriculturist 7 60—Pharmacist 8 00—Independent 8 10—Engineer 8 20—^Newman Club 8 30—Men Debate 8 40—Women Debate 8 60—Frosh Debate 9 00—Delta Rho Kappa WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 11 7 30—Cosmopolitan 7 40—Forestry 7 BO—W A A 8 00—Sports Women 8 10—Y W C A 8 20—Alpha Phi Omega 8 30—Military Ball Committee 8 40—Kappa Psi 8 60—Scabbard and Blade 9 00—Student Union
Opportunity Knocks Every year Vogue sponsors a contest, the “Prix de Paris,” for senior women in colleges all over the country. An opportunity to go to Paris and study costume designing, a big chance to work in the New York office of Vogue and opportunities to get experience, along with pay, in many other offices that in some way connect up with costume designing are the prizes offered. What more could a college senior specializing in clothing want after she graduated? Yet, last year only one girl from the University entered this contest. Mademoiselle, another women’s magazine, IS having a contest of another type for all college women. It is selecting college boards in the various universities to tell about campus fads and fashions. The boards are made up of a member from each class. The selection of these members is dependent upon a paper submitted by each girl desiring to compete for a position on the board in her school. Every month gifts are presented for the best letter from each school. Prizes are also offered for costume designs submitted at various intervals. Information about getting on the college board is posted on the bulletin board in her school. Never has a co-ed from Purdue won any contest of this kind. In fact, few even enter. Why not have a few winners this year?— J. R. J
Information has just reached us that Prof. J H McKee has discontinued smoking in his office Hooray, “Doc”. You deserve the old leather medal for that.
Public opinion is something that the politicians build up so that they will later be unable to resist it —Dr. Arthur Irving, economist.
A profit is not without honor in any country —Ted Cook.
Exponent Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today Guidanee Conference in faculty lounge of Memorial Union Bmldfng at 9:30 a. m. Horticultural ishow m Horticulture Building 1 p. m. to 9 p. m. Guidance Conference banquet in ballroom of Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Farm management party in the
reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p in. Military Ball in the Memorial Union ballroom at 9 p. m. Tomorrow Guidance Conference in the faculty lounge of th6 Memorial Union Building at 9 p. m. Horticultural show in the Horticulture Building from 8 a, m. to 9 p. m. Football: Purdue vs, Fordham at
New York. Pi Kappa Alpha dance in the chapter house at 9 p. m. Pi Kappa Phi dance in the chap ter house at 9 p. m.
Russell J. East, former University short course student, and for several years district agricultural agent for the Pennsylvania Railroad, has been promoted to the position of general agricultural agent for the entire railroad.
Don’t forget to check your spurs.
Debris Group Pictures
College Students Rank Affection Ahead Of Money New York (ACP) — You may think you’d like to many money, but the chances are that when you come to a decision you won’t care much At least this attitude is indicated in a six-yeai survey of the pioblem just completed by Dr Ray Eiwin Baber, Professor of Sociology m New York Univeisity Interviews Students Dr Baber, who conducts a couise at the university’s Washington Square College entitled “Marriage And Family Life,” interviewed 642 college students and 220 parents on the matter of choosing a mairiage partner The students, 321 young men and 321 young women, declared that economic status was a matter of but small concern when it came to selecting a mate, since 93 per cent of the men said they would marry
New MAIN TODAY - SATURDAY Big Double Feature “JAILBREAK"
Plus
II
Cheers of the Crowd Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed.
Starting
MID-NiTE SHOW Sat. Nile 11:30 P.M.
II
An All-American Team Coes Into ACTIOJV/
A atining romanca of the gridiron with PHILIP HUSTON JAMES GLEASON " JUNE TRAVIS BRUCECABOT ANDY DEVINE Dlrecled by George NicholltiJr. A Pandto S, Beman ProJutUon From the thrilling noael by v Fttmclt Walltm ltK04IADIO nCTMM
FIRST TIME SHOWN IN jLAFAYETTE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
“If I had a million bucks, I’d sit back and take it easy.”
a girl of lower economic rank than their own and 82 per cent of the women were of the same opinion Views Vary Not so many of the 220 parents (106 fathers and 115 mothers) took the same view on the question Sixty SIX per cent of the fathers declared they would be willing to allow their daughters to marry a person of lower economic rank and 69 per cent of the mothers agreed On the question “would you marly a person of lower moral stand ards than your own‘>” 20 per cent of the men answered yes, and onefifth of the women replied affirmatively
naan TODAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
— and — FRANKIE DARRO “RACING BLOOD”
LUMA
TODAY
SATURDAY
ALONG NEW YORKS DIAMOND ROW!
and
A PICTURE THAT SPEAKSJIGHT OUT!
Xone«lv«d byPRANKLIN D
ROOSEVELT P aiidanl of Iho UNITED STATES and w 1 Ion lot
UBERTY
MAGAZfNf
A RBPUBtIC PICTGBK
HENRY WILCOXON BETTY FURNESS
ANNOUNCEMENT Thursdays and Saturdays ONLY Doors Open at 11 30 A M Picture Starts at 12 00 Noon
Read The Exponent
K u I I I I w I 111 / / ^ /yf — K ^ A TODAY dL
and
SATURDAY
STAGE SHOWS —Friday— 2:3S.5:15-7.40-10:00 —Saturday— 2:00-5.00-7:15-10:00
ADMISSION This Attraction Only Matinee 15o-25e-30e Night 15G-30e-40c
ANNOUNCEMENT Thursdays and Saturdays Only
Doors Open at 11:30 A. M.
Picture Starts at 12:00 NoonFjMaS) November 6>
TfiB PURliXJE EXPONENT
Team Leaves For Fordham Improved Squad Hopes To Upset Dope Bucket Purdue’s football forces, hopeful of adding' another upset to an upset season, headed eastward yesterday for the intersectional clash with Pordhahi’s undefeated Rams in the Polo Grounds Saturday afternoon. A squad of 36 players, includingtwo crippled ends. Bill Vergane, and Andy Botney, who are being taken along just for the ride, hoarded a special train leaving here at 2 o’clock yesterday afternoon. With the estception of Vergane and Botney, the squad appeared to be in much improved physical conditionT The complete squad that made the trip follows: Ends: Powell, Steward, George, Botney, Vergane, Spehn, Stephenson, Zachary; Tackles: Schreyer, Mihal, Krause, Woltman, Fitzgerald and Johnson; Guards: Burmeister, Bush, Diehl, Graves, Grant, Knorr, Maloney; Centers: Bell, Humphrey, Petty; Halfbacks: Stalcup, Medley, Purvis, Drake, Selby, Purdy, Dean; ^Quarterbacks: Cody Isbell, Gift; Fullbacks: Cecil Isbell, Ippolito and Juska.
4- 4-
4-
4- 4-
4-
4“ 4- 4-
4"
4>
SOFTBALL
4' 4-
4-
4- 4-
4-
4- 4- 4-
4-
4
TODAY
Diamond
Diamond
1—H-1
VS
H-3
8—H-2
VB
H-4
2—A-1
VS
A-3
9—A-2
V8
A-4
8—B-1
vs
B-3
10—B-2
VS
B-4
4—C-1
vs
C-3
11—C-2
VS
C-4
6—D-1
vs
D-8
12—D-2
vs
D-4
6—E-1
vs
E-3
13—E-2
vs
E-4
7—P-1
vs
P-3
14—P-2
vs
F-4
16— Delta Upsilon vs (Loser of Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon). Of-
ficial, Gillis.
17— Kappa Delta Rho vs (Winner Phi Delta Theta vs Sigrma Alpha Epsilon) Of-
ficial, Coen
18— Sigma Chi vs. (Winner Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon) Official,
Bartling.
Spooks And Doughnuts Rank As Favorites For Fall Fare; Yale Physiologists Give Approval
By Caroline Hosier “When the frost is on the pumpkin,” yes* that is the time when all the spirits are abroad. Spirits and ghosts often come from different sources—^they may be just some playful souls who have dressed up in their Halloween costumes a few days too late. Then again, they may be those visions on the wall which often result from the excessive eating of the tasty food which is often served at^the parties which celebrate popular fall festiv-
ities.
“Dough” you know that more doughnuts are eaten on pre-Thanks-gjving days than at any other time the year? Did anyone tell you at doughnuts were found by the Yale U. department of physiological
New Amsterdam called them “olykoecks.” Cider ^ Of course, none of these festivities would be complete with just doughnuts for refreshments—cider made from nice, red, juicy apples must accompany them. About a recipe for cider—we are wholly unskilled in this ancient art of manufacture —maybe it would be advisable to seek the knowledge from some other source. However, it is a wellknown fact that cider which is just a little bit “hard”—as it is termed by experts—^tastes quite a lot better and often produces a feeling of “happiness” in him who i^ par'taking of its excellence. ^
So now when you hear mysterious
re7earchTo"‘be"¥orougidyTiJestl .p".
ible? Why? Because they contain many of the vital food elements that make us grow big and strong— wheat, eggs, milk, sugar, and shortening furnish proteins, carbohydrates, calories (those little things hated by Furdue co-eds), phosphorus, and calcium for growth. Our ancestors brought the doughnut over—on the Mayflower, of course— and since then doughnuts have acquired many possibilities as desserts by being covered with whipped cream or fruit juices. And, oh, yes, they’re excellent served with coffee. The old Dutch residents of
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service Serving Purdue for 37 years 635 Mam St in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
Dr. J. F. Allen To Speak At Science Forum Today Dr. J. F. Allen wilV address the opening session of the Indiana Academy of Science, meeting today at Central Normal College m Danville. Dr. Allen has spent a number of years purifying and experimenting with the properties of Xenon and Krypton.
Olive M. Foerster, 16 years old, and the youngest freshmen at the University pf Minesota, received straight A’s throughout her high school career and was salutatorian of her graduating class.
WE INVITE YOU TO SEE
THE
1937 Chevrolet on display at our showrooms Saturday, November 7 “THE COMPLETE CAR, COMPLETELY NEW" HORNER MOTOR COMPANY 625 Columbia
No ink-stains I This pen can’t ieak! # Here is how it works: Wh^n you screw on the cap a Safety Ink Shut-OflF automatically locks the ink in the pen barrel—-making the pen absolutely ink-tight. The name of this pen is the EVERSHARP, It fills in one stroke—holds more ink-ink supply always visible. And it’s the only pen you can actually tailor to fit your individual writing style. Come in and see it, with Adiustoble Point $7,50 AND $10 Other Modeis $5
SUSf9 9§K^8t,
BECKER’S
IPhone mf
spooks” in most out-of-the-way places—don’t become angry. Just thing, instead, of the delicious cider and doughnuts that you’re going to get at those parties to which you’ve been inirited. After all, the great American pastime is said to be that
of “eating”.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Boilermakers Face Undefeated Fordham Rams By B. D. Witwer Of the nine Big Ten teams scheduled for this week-end, the intersectional tilt between Purdue and the strong Fordham crew commands the most attention because it will be another step upward for Fordham in fhe team standings of the nation, or will smash the hopes of the Ram’s coach, Jim Crowley, who has been grooming his squad as a possible Rose Bowl contender. Fordham will be out for revenge tomorrow because the Kizermen covet the fact that they hold the only victories scored over the Rams by any team in the country in the last two years. Crowley Epects Tough Battle Coach Crowley said in an interview, “If we can get by Purdue, we might go through undefeated, but we’ll have to play our best game of the year to do it.” Six of the other Big Ten teams tangle in conference games that outwardly at least, are already decided, because three strong teams meet three which have, up to this stage of the season, appeared weak. These three games are Minnesota and Iowa, Northwestern and Wisconsin, and Ohio State and Chicago. In two other intersectional contests, Indiana meets Syracuse and Michigan plays Pennsylvania. The only other team, Illinois, does not play this week.
Ballroom Dancing Class for Beginners opens Wednesday, Nov. 11, at Allen’s.
Advanced Class opens Allen’s.
Ballroom Dancing Friday, Nov. 13, at
For Sale—Roll top desk $8.00 (this is a bargain), 2 metal desk chairs, ea. $2.60. Good radio. At Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Have Apartment to Share—^With four boys. Home cooking or co-op. Sleeping porch. George Knox, 203 University. Phone 2891.
Lost—Mechanical Drawing Set from room 203, Michael Golden Shops. Please call D. Nelson. 7764.
Lost—Pair rimless glasses in the men’s washroom, Union basement. Reward. Call Palmer 7426.
Conditional Examination For CE Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1986. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORBSON.
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at the cashier's office. University Hall. —HOLLENSBEE.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Informal initiation will be held Novmnber 18 in room 820 of the Chemistry Building. The initiation banquet will be at 7 o’clock Novembrn: 17 at Wheeler’s over in Lafayette. Formal initiation will precede the banquet. —SLESSER.
Athletic Managers—Another division is being added to the Inter-Fraternity Bowling League. We can accomodate six more teams. If you have not entered and wish to take advantage of this offer, call the Student Uniop Office between 4 and 6:80 p. m. —PFORZHEIMER.
Union Workers—My committee report to Putze and Stallings the rest of this week in Union Workshop. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Workers—Our committees meet every afternoon at 4 and every evening at 7 in the workshop until Friday to work on Military Ball decorations. —SHEETZ, PUTZE, REID.
Union Workers—Will the following members of my committee meet in room A of the Union November 6: D. R. Shoemaker, W Shipley, R. Buechler, T. BMener, J. E Kessel, D. C. Manlove, R. Reeder, Betty Rann, Pean Bailey, Elizabeth Stewart, R. C Meleney. Important 1 —PFORZHEIMER.
Tau Beta Pi—^Formal initiation will he held at 4:80 November 24, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Banquet to be at 6 p. m. The faculty is cordi^ly invited. —WIRTH.
English 1—Make-up examination in grammar November 12 at 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. for those who cannot come at 4. Consult your instructor, past or present for room assignment. —WYKOPF. Speedball—.Goal-Getters play Speedettes November 6 at 4:00 o’clock —ELLIS
W. A. A. Hockey—Seniors vs. Freshman Blues November 6 at 4:00 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
Y. W. C. A.—A philosophy and religious meeting will be held today in the YWCA office at 4 o’clock. Very important. —COAN.
W. A. A. 6 at 4 p. m,
Archery—Practice November —BOEHM
Union Workers—Our committees report to Union office any time during this afternoon, November 6. —PERKINff.'McLEQD. MY’nNGBR. Union Workers—^All those who do not have classes this afternoon, November 6, report to Union ballroom at 1 p. m. or airy time thereafter. —PUTZE, SHEETZ, BEH). P. O. M. N.—All members desiring keys p](ease contact me at the Pi Kappa Phi boOMk ’ —McOANDLBSS.
SCHIFrS OUTLET SHOE STORE NORTH SIDi SQUAitf WOMEK'S BeautifolEKiiigSaMlals
$
SILVER—OOLD CREPE SATIN
OR PLAIN SATIN BLACK—OR WHITE
FREE TINTING!
The King Steps Out!
Queen says: “King, keep your trou' on.’’ King says: “Queenie, the common people must know Wilson super seat shorts.” Queen sairs: “Kinfc Wilson super seats tat only fitti|i’ for a King.’’ No center seam to saw your crot^ No dgiit band to cut yow 50c Mr MCE GUARD FASHIOHS by Wilson Brothers Baltimore Clothes Shop P1036, w. B
Does your refrigerator do this to your meats?
niM^Vauean.Uefi.(oMUfuie^aiul deUeioui, uM, the. Yl£UI/ ® Your steak can be dry as a chip and your roo^ strinqy and tasteless even though your butcher gives you his cuts. If you do not have an AIR CONDITIONED ICB Refrigerator but sonio other so-called modern refirigerator, your meats are going tiurough the wringer (drying out) niwl by the time they roach the Inoiler or the frying pan they have ^eady lost their natural juices and tenderness and finally reach the table a sad disappointment to you. A New Air Condiliemed ICE IMrigecu^ witii ’’just right" tempefatures, "flavor retakifag” moistuM and circulatiAg pnie vitalised ahr. wdl malie oooUag a pleamse end eati^ a d^Rhifal bmk. See R on dMar todi^ ai». . ^
conDiTionED:
COOURATOR
Lafayette Ice & Coal Company
4tli and Salem Sts,
Flume 5078< f-'
/>
\
'4''
te Ml, ‘
A#,'
Pa«re Foot
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Fnday, November 6,1936
Club Notes
ill
By M. Nelson “What We Can Do To Improve West Lafayette” will be the sub ject of a roundtable discussion at the monthly meeting of the Ken■sington Club. At 2:30 this afternoon the group will meet at the home of Mrs. Leon Todd. Mrs. V. C. Freeman will be in charge of the program.
The Taka Art Club met yesterday at the home of Mrs. Omar Ford in West Lafayette. The response to roll call was in the form of cuiTent events, excluding politics. Later in the afternoon, Mrs. Bernard Hook spoke on “The Fun Of It,” and Mrs C. F. Edgerton chose as her topic “International Friendliness.”
Mrs. M. 0. Pence will be hostess to the Arachne Club at a meeting Friday, November 13.
“Gone With The Wind,” by Maigaret Mitchell, which has proved to be one of the largest selling recent novels, will be reviewed by Mrs. W. E. Gray at a meeting of the West Lafayette Reading Club. The members of the club will meet at the home of Mrs. C. L. Porter on Wednesday, November 11.
The annual guest day of the Roundtable Club will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Un-
ion Building Tuesday, November 10. Members and their guests will meet at 2:30.
Blues Win, Orange Team Loses In Hockey Games
The Freshman Blue team downed the juniors in a fast hockey game yesterday afternoon by a score of 3-0. The scores were made by Katherine Mounce, Jo Cook, and Georgia Walker. In spite of the stiff opposition which it offered, the freshman Orange team was defeated by the seniors with a score of 6-0. Martha Walker, Betty Arnold, Regina Kelley, and Jeanette Scudder scored for the seniors. Two undefeated teams, the freshman Blues and juniors, will play today to determine the class winners.
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—Principles of Sociology, Mr. Theodore K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes, Bob Woodworth. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, in charge of Glenn Sample. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Music, popular recordings dedicated to Acacia fraternity. 12:30—Athletic Keview by Homer Martin and Doxie Moore. 12:46—Noon Musicale. 1:00—Civic Forum. 1 ;15—-Transcribed Life of Thomas A. Edison. 1 :S0—Great Inventions. 1:46—Markets by Mr. H. J. Houck. 2:00—^Weather Reports and Current Events. 2:16—^Musical Album, Charlotte Friend Stewart. 2:30—Songs and Melodies. 2:46—Dramatic Readings, Janet Ford. 3:00—-Ijafayette City Schools Program. 3:30—^Lafayette Little Theatre Program
Household Notes
FOR NEW —SMART
CABS
EAST SIDE WEST SIDE Ride in the Best for Less
DeLUX CAB COMPANY
Corner Fifth and Ferry Call 2151 — Radio Equipped
It takes pep
It takes strength to play—and you get strength from good food. The best all-around food is milk. It's rich in nourishing, muscle-building qualities and contains phosphorus and calcium from which strong bones and teeth come. Give your children plenty of milk to drink—use milk in soups, desserts and other dishes and they'll have the strength and pep to play.
Sunshine Farms, Inc.
By Beth McCool Selection of the proper face powder requires consideration of several factors. Among these points are the color of the hair, skin and eyes, the light under which the powder will be worn, and the color ci clothing and accessories. After the color has been chosen, the covering power of a powder must suit the individual. A dry skin requires a powder of light covering power, one commonlj/ termed a light powder. Medium or oily skins need a medium or heavy powder. The weight or density of a powder is important only to the user although within recent years light weight powders have become increasingly popular. The odor is only important in so far as it is pleasing to individual and does not clash with the odors of the cosmetics worn. Since powder provides that last touch of good grooming it is essential that it be wisely chosen.
Emphasis this winter is at the hemline. The newest thing for informal wear is the “swing” skirt which is fitted at the waist and very full at the bottom. The hem may or may not be decorated. If it is, the decoration may be pleating, cording, or bands of brilliantly colored braid. For formal wear the same idea is carried out with six yard skirts and bands of contrasting velvet. The ultra-smart formals have a small train in the back and are about five or six inches shorter in front with the inside of the skirt lined with a contrasting color.
Housewives and egg-dealers are familiar with the ability of eggs to acquire a taste from other foodstuffs. Now, after three years’ investigation by the Cornell University agricultural experiment station, the scientists announce that eggs taste of the crates they are stored in. The crate flavors are “newspulp,” “strawboard,” “spruce,” “excelsior,” “willow,” “jackpine,” and “aspen.” From this work by expert human tasters it .appears that eggs are capable of absorbing flavor from almost anything that science has yet discovered. To impart flavor to an egg, the report states, the packing material must contain a compound which readily evaporates in the air. The compound permeates the shell of the egg and sometimes itself gives a new flavor to the egg. But if the compound is tasteless, it may nevertheless cause the egg to develop a new taste by setting up a chemical reaction.
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
DO YOU DANCE?
Why Not Enroll in Our November Classes?
BEGINNER’S ' Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
FIT FOR A KING
We take pride in offering you as fine and varied a menu as you can possibly find for the money. Dine at
W H F F I F R ’ ^ JL JL mLmtAi JLmi4 JLm4 JmrnmM
WHERE QUALITY AND ECONOMY EAT TOGETHER
EAM WORK
It requires teapi work to win a football game...Likewise, it’s the team work of this organization, the wholehearted desire to serve you that makes Crown Cleaning Service the students’ choice.
Crown Laundry
FINE C L E AN ERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Force hot cooked peas through a sieve and then by using a pastry tube make the puree into heads or leaves for artichoke bottoms; the result is a very new and appetizing dish. Another “different” dish to add zest to a meal is a concoction called “Old Virginia Pudding.” The most important part of it is the sauce. You “flavor to taste with Rum or Sherry.” The result is delicious and exciting.
Co-eds Compete In Speech Contest
The preliminaries of the Lodde speech contest were held last night for approimately 76 girls. The second ^.preliminaries will be held at 4 o’clock today in University Hall for the 25 most promising coeds. Out of the 25, seven girls will be chosen to speak in the finals, November 10 at 7:30 p. m., in the auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Judges for the finals will be announced later.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
300 TICKETS $1.00. 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine |jlreet West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
Pop Corn • • Candy CIGARETTES . . . TOBACCO.... PENCILS . . . SHOE LACM APPLES . . . PEANUTS . . . CIGARS
Dad’s Place
So Handy
Honey Krushed Wheat Bread
Made with pure honey Something new At all grocers
Baked exclusively by
GRAVES
QUAUTY BAKERY
We cater to Sororities and Fraternities
Men,..
Let US show you the most complete line of Young Men's Smart Clothing in the city.
• British Lounge Model —rdouble breasted, wide shoulders, full drape coat, tapered waist, pleated trousers.
• The ''Hampton", the modified double breasted.
• The "Windsor", long rol I front double breasted.
• Call your own shots. Polychromatic stripes, Glen plaids, chalk stripes, or neat checks, we have them all, and at prices you can afford.
Geisler's Varsity Clothes Town Weave Suits Worsted-Tex Suits Hart Schaffner & Marx
$19.50 to $37.50
Take a look at our furnishings Plaid wool shirts, wool Mackinaws in bright plaids, cdrduroy coats, Fancy Glen plaid slacks, RUGBY SWEATERS—all in up to date stylings. Our prices will please you too.
500MAIHST
CLOTHES SHOP INC,