> ^
y
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
Fi»DAY VOL, 49 No, 102 Lofoyeffe, hi<£kuia Tehtamy 4, 1938
WRH Dedicates Earhart Library, Gets Paintngs ^ Residence Hall women entertained 46 faculty guests at dinner in dedication of the Amelia Earhart Leisure-Time Library and the installation of a rental art library of pictures last evening. These two projects are a part of the WRH Club program to encourage the growth of cultural interests among Hall residents.
To the memory of Amelia Earhart who symbolizes to Residence Hall women, high adventure in a very personal way, this LeisureTime Library was dedicated. !]^er book, “Last Flight,” holds number one popularity position according to a vote of Hall co-eds. The other 64 books in the collection represent different fields of current literature including the novel, drama, poetry, biography, and travel. These books will be available in the recreation rooms. Prof. W. M. Hepburn, Miss Rachel Schenk, and Miss Eleanore Cannack of the University Library staff helped in the selection of the books. The new art library, consisting of large reproductions of the Works of mbdem master and some stttaller prints, is also in the recreation rooms. Girls may take the smaller prints to their rooms by paying a 15 cent monthly charge. This rental may be applied on the purchasing price if the renter decides to buy the print. ' Works of about 20 modern artists are represented in this carefully chosen group. Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the applied design department, and Mrs. R .6. SteWart helped in the selection of this library. Co-eds Must Register For led Term Rush Girls interested in second semester rush inust register at the PanHellenic desk in the Union lobby by 2 o'clock, tottiotfoiv. The fee is one dollar. The rush period opens at noon Sunday and closes at noon Saturday, February 12. Open rush, without any Pan-Hellenic restrictions will be carried on by the seven Greek letter sororities during this period. Maty Jean Jarrett, president of the women's Pan-Hellenic Council, will answer questions of the prospective rushees. Mn. James, Soprano, To Present Regular Music Room Program Sunday Tracing the development of Italian music from the earliest times up to the present day, Mrs. Hubert James, a soprano, will present the music room program in the music room of the Memorial Union Building Sunday. Mrs. James is a graduate of the music school of the University of West Virginia, and has done graduate work at Harvard University and the New England Conseryatory of Music. After each number, the composer and the date of composition will be given to insure chronological order. Mrs. Haven Smalley will provide the piano accompaniment. F. R. Hall To Discuss Chinese, Spanish War “War Marches On” will be the subject of a talk by Prof. F. R. Hall of the history staff Sunday evening at 6:30 before the Epworth League, at the First Methodist Episcopal church in West Lafayette. Early last semester Prof. Hall spoke on the Spanish situation and the war in China. Sunday he will speak about developments on these two fronts since then. Following the speech an open forum will be held. '' Phi Gamma Delta Pledges Phi Gamma Delta fraternity an nounces the pledging of Richard A. Bates of Lansing, Mich., and John C. McCormick of Indianapolis.
Greeks Change Code Of Ethics Two important changes in the In-ter-Fraternity code of ethics were adopted at the regular monthly meeting of the Inter-Fraternity Presidents’ council last night. By unanimous vote of the members it was agi’eed that each fraternity would submit a written report of its probationary' activities during the school year. The measure was motivated by a desire on the part of the fraternities to present a clearer picture of the constructive value of pledge programs carried on by the various houses, A second measure, to reduce the membership of the University Probationary Board to three members also received the approval of the council. The new board will consist of Dean Fisher, chairman, the president of the student senate and presicil. The new board will have the same powers of supervision over the probationary activities of the fraternities as the previous board, but with its reduced size should be able to function with greater expediency than previously. The Inter-Fr^ernity Presidents’ council is composed of the presidents of all of the fraternities on the campus. It is responsible for all inter-fraternity relations and policies. Announce EngagemenI Of Local '37 Graduates Professor and Mrs. Ray B. Crepps 540 Northwestern Avenue, West Lafayette, announce the engagement of their daughter, Floy Lola ’37, to Robert Frank Royster, '37, son of Mr. and Mrs. Paul F. Royster, 21 Park Avenue, Lafayette. Miss Crepps holds a position as aerologist with the Michigan State Board of Health Diagnostic Laboratories at Lansing, Mich. She is a member of the Chi Omega sorority. Mr. Royster is at Harvard University, doing special work in traffic safety. He is a member of Sigma Chi fraternity. Barker To Play At Miami Triad Formal Beta Theta Pi, Phi Delta Theta, and Sigma Chi, three social fraternities which were founded at Miami University, will celebrate their mutual birthplace tonight at the annual formal Miami Triad in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Paul Barker and his orchestra from Indianapolis, will furnish the music for the dance from nine till 12 o’clock. Besides his 11-piece band. Barker also includes in his company a girl trio and girl soloist. 267 Seniors Purchase Emplopent Pidures During the week’s registration 267 seniors purchased their 60 Debris pictures. A crew of salesmen consisting of 10 co-eds in addition to the regular sales staff, sold 76 yearbooks. Cuts which will appear in the yearbook were displayed in the Armory yesterday, with apparently good results. Personnel Director J. E. Walters recommends that all seniors take advantage of the opportunity to secure their individ^ual pictures as offered by the Debris. These pictures will prove valuable in writing application letters and in interviews with employers. Fifty pictures may be purchased for 60 cents through the services of the Debris staff.
Playshop Offers Passes for Best Candid Camera Shots Of Dress Rehparsal Playshop and an interested local concern will award passes for the best candid camera shots taken during the dress rehearsal of “I’ll Marry the Actress,” 6 o’clock, February 13. The show will oven February 15 for a run of five nights and winners can get their passes February 8, when the box-office opens. “I’ll Marry the Actress” is the second Playshop production of this season and it offei’s camera enthusiasts ample chance to test their ability to take unusual pictures. Fowler Hall will be open to film fanciers who will have the run of the house. They will be able to take shots of makeup tables and property rooms, and they will have access to dressing rooms and the stage and balcony. McGhee Speaks To Debris Sales Staff. R. M. McGhee, junior business manager of the Debris, spoke to the sophomore-freshman business staff yesterday afternoon on “effective salesmanship,” in room D of the Union Building. Art Siebenthal, business manager, also spoke at the meeting. J. G. Swinney won a free book for the largest pumber of sales during the last week. McGhee gave several approaches the Debris salesman could use in selling the books. While complimenting the staff on the large number of books sold this year he called their attention to the fact that a great many more must be sold to make the-book a financial success. McGhee said this was necessary because this year’s book is much larger than in former years. The price of Debris will go up from $4.50 to $5.00 on March 3. Less Than 190 Tickets Remain For The Annual , inler-Fraternily Dance Youthful Frankie Masters and Ms radio band will lead fraternity dancers next Friday in their annual formal four hour swing outing, the Interfraternity Ball. According to Carl Sadler, committee chairman, 2 o’clock hours have been obtained for the co-eds, and with* the dance still a week away, the announcement ’ was made last night that there are less than 100 tickets left at two dollars each. These tickets, the original number of which was limited to 376, will be on sale by the fraternity presidents to the fraternity members only. •> The decorative scheme has not yet been fully decided upon, but it is understood that the theme would be relative to the various fraternity crests. Definite action will be taken at a committe meeting Monday, Sadler said. Frankie Masters, swing maestro. Who will preside over the rhythm side of the annual affair sponsored by the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, was formerly a student at Indiana University, and is bringing to the campus his nationally known NBC-CBS swing band and vocalist, Marion Francis. Last summer and autumn, they played a long term engagement at the College Inn in Chicago’s Hotel Sherman. Edgar A. Guest’s weekly program “It Can Be Done,” features the Masters’ orchestra over the NBC hook-up. Masters has also played engagement at the Hotel Morrison Chicago; Club Forest in New Orleans; and the Hotel Claridge, in Memphis. F. B. Knight To Speak In Montkello, Indianapolis Dr. Frederic B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will go to Monticello tomorrow, where he will deliver two addresses on educational topics before the White County Teachers’ Association. f On Saturday, Dr. Knight will be in Indianapolis to speak before the Indiana Town and Cjty Superintendepts’ Association.
Of Thee I Sing' Tryouts Near An End
Book Exchange To Close At 5 Today Today is the last day of the Student Union’s latest enterprise, the book exchange. According to Ward Stallings, Union vice-president in charge of the exchange—“operated without profit, by students for students”—at five o’clock today, the exchange will officially cease business opei’ations for this semester, and the offices will be moved into the Union reception room. No books will be received at the desk in the ball room after 2 o’clock this afternoon. However, m the short time remaining, those students who still have texts they would like to dispose of can easily' do so. That is, if the books are on the following “Wanted” list, compiled late yesterday by Clark Burton, in charge of records: Eng. 14, EE all, Econ. 1, 11, Farm Mgt. 3, Chem. Eng. all. Math 2, 3, 4, AM 1, 2, Ent. 1, GE 103, 104, 110, Eng. 19, Eng. 10. As the Exchange is loaded with nontechnical books and short of technical books, only those texts in the above list will be registered today. The Exchange opens at 11 this morning. To date, the total sales for the exchange amount to 1,784 books taken in, worth $2,784.60. There have been 1,411 books sold by the exchange, netting $2,245.07, of which $1,562.40 has been claimed. Yesterday’s total came to 284 books worth $384.60 brought in, 411 books worth $623.25 sold, and $694 of the book money claimed. Tomorrow, from headquarters in the reception room, all unfinished business will be attended to. Opening at 10 a. m., and continuing through 4:30 p. m., book exchange officials will return all unsold books to their owners, pay out unclaimed money and make all other adjustments. Plan Broadcast Of Both Week-End Basketball Games Although Purdue’s two home basketball stands this week-end against Indiana and Illinois have been complete sellouts for over two weeks, there will be ample opportunity for hardwood fans who are not fortunate enough to possess tickets to follow the games on the air, according to the radio broadcasting arrangements announced today by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. WBAA To Broadcast The Federal Communication Commission has granted special permission to the Purdue University station, WBAA, to broadcast both of the games direct from the Fieldhouse. In addition to the WBAA broadcast of the Indiana ganie Saturday night, radio station WIRE, Indianapolis, will present a novel rebroadcast of the game at 11 o’clock in the evening. A special recording device will be set up in tke Fieldhouse, and announcer Luke Walton will describe the game in detail. The recording of Walton’s description of the game will then be rushed to Indianapblis for the 11 o’clock airIllinois Game.^^ For the Illinois game Monday evening, th^e will be three different stations on the air direct from the Fieldhouse. In addition to the local WBAA broadcast, Russ Hodges will be at the microphone for radio statioh WIND, Gary, and the University of Illinois station, WILL, will present its own version for the Illinois fans.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Generally fair and slightly colder today. Tomorrow cloudy and warmer. Local Temperatures: Low, 30; high, 47; mean, 38.5.
Over Forty Aspirants Requested To Report “Just to start things off, let’s all sing, ‘Of Thee I Sing.’ If you don’t know the words, hum. Get into it, because you’ll all have to sing later. O. K. let’s go,” said A1 Stewart yesterday evening at the “Of Thee I Sing” tryouts. And so 35 eds and co-eds sang out in preparation for their solo trials. While people sang, Jim Shoemaker, boss of last year’s Union Show worked feverishly with camera and flash bulbs. Sometimes they worked and at other times they didn’t. Singing and speaking lines kept the aspiring thespians busy for the better part of two hours. The board of control will not have the final cast chosen before Sunday morning. Today, in the Union Tower room, there will be additional tryouts. Board members request the following persons to report to the tower at 4 o’clock for trials: Evelyn White, Rachel Kaufman, Martha Baker, Shirley Anderson, Katherine Shearer, Jeanne Stiles, Dorothy Newman, Victoria Ann Milea, Mary Mather, Myra McKee, Ruth Knapp, Katherine Ann Cromer, Thais Crepps, June Conklin, Marilou VanBergen, Mae Simms, Caroline Shaw, Alice Martens, Jean Jones, Frances Ford, Treva Berry. Valerie Armstrong, D. Myers, J. S. Hoffman, G. L. Hutton, K. London, J. Leonard, E. Loveless, R. Milholland, J. R. Phister, H. D. Pogue, J. A. Robbins, W. J. Smith, W. F. Wagner, M. E. Disney, D. Foust, R. W. Green, J. Harnett, J. Shepard, Kathryn Davis, and all of those that reported to the Union faculty lounge yesterday. Dr. Walters Speaks On June Employment Addressing approximately 100 Purdue seniors, J. E. Walters, head of the personnel department, told of the difficulties to be encountered in getting a job in 1938. Dr. Walters stated that the effect of the depression upon the abund ance of positions open to college graduates is to be taken into consideration more in 1938 than in pre ceding years. As a majority of people know, he said, we are just re covering from a temporary business “recession,” and it is for this reason all seniors graduating this June should start at once to contact all possible openings. Dr. Walters rated the personal attributes necessary to get jobs as following: scholarship, personality, self-support, activities, intelligence test^, and health rating. This rating by no means holds good for all positions continued Dr. Walters. Different types of jobs require a differ-
ent rating.
[t the close of the address an discussion was held so that ors might ask questions con■ning how to find, get, and hold a job after their graduation. Bomar Cramer Presents Plano Concert In Union Bomar Cramer of Indianapolis, presented a concert of piano music in the music room of the Memorial Union Building last night at 8 o’clock. Included in his presentetion were selections from Beejihoven, Bach, Brahms, and the more modern composers, Rachmaninoff, Ravel, and Scriabine. Cramer was formerly pianist at the Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music in lndianapolis*and recently opened his own piano school of music. This was his first appearapee at the University. i
New Buildings Up To Schedule Four ntew University buildings are now under construction on the campus, and according to recent reports, work is progressing very favorably. Work on the two new Cary Hall buildings, duplicates of the present two, is at present up to schedule, stated A. E. Kemmer, the contractor, last night. Yesterday, workmen poured concrete for the third floor of the new west building, and for the second floor of the north hall. When the building schedule is completed, there will be a quadrangle of six men’s residence halls. Work is to be completed July 14. Horticulture Building On the south side of the campus, the horticulturists are soon to receive a new addition to their facilities. The first floor of the three story edifice is practically finished, and according to Prof. L. Greene, the building will be ready for use before September. The department will use the building for classroom instruction in horticulture and forestry, extension service, and experi-
ment work.
Also on the ag campus is the construction work for the new agricultural chemistry building. Like the horticulture building, ^t will have three floors and at present the foundation is nearly finished. Prof. P. H. Brewer said that the building will be used mainly for experiment station work, and as the offices of the State Chemist. Later a north wing will be added for instructional
purposes.
Dr. Brode Speaks Here Thursday A meeting of cultural as well as scientific interest is scheduled for next Thursday eveping when Dr. Wallace R. Brode, associate professor of organic chemistry at Ohio State University, will speak before the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society and Sigma Xi, a physics honorary. His talk on “Tlie Eclipse of the Sun in Siberia” will be illustrated with motion pictures which he took while a member of the joint Harvard-M. I. T. expedition to Siberia. Scenic movies of Russia will be another feature of the meeting; Dr. Brode will also discuss Russian educational and scientific work. A dinner in honor of Dr. Brode will be held at 6 o’clock, in the Memorial Union Building, with the program beginning at 7:30 o’clock in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Brode attended Whitman College at Walla Walla, Wash., and later did graduate work at the University of Illinois, receiving his doctor’s degree there in 1925. He went abroad as a Guggenheim fellow in 1926, and studied in Leipzig, Zurich, and Liverpool. Recently Dr. Brode has done outstanding work in spectrographic analysis and absorption spectroscopy. He is chairman of the national research council committee on the application of spectroscopy to chemistry. Other honors include his membership on the Perkins Observatory eclipse committee in 1932, and attendance as a delegate to the International Chemical Union in Zur-
ich in 1936.
The talk will be open to the general public. Reservations for the dinner should’be made by February 9 with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury at the Agricultural Experiment Station. Lou Schilling To Play For Mixer Saturday Saturday evening from 9^ until midLnight the fii^t mixer of this semester will be held in the Union ballroom with Lou Schilling and his local campus swingsters furnishing
the music.
Mixer-goers wiU be charged the regular price of $1.00 per couple for the evening’s entertainment.,
V
The Editor Say*
Final Exams Are... , . . over, but the memoiy lingers on—and most of them not so pleasant ones. To the majority of students the semester examination period is only a time of tribulation—a necessary^ evil of our University educational system ... it by no means play the part in acquainting the student with course material of which it is capable. Frequent gripes against final examinations concern the instructor’s selection of questions ... “I didn’t know what to study for,” growls the student . . . and if true, and if the questions cover the subject matter in a general but thorough way, the lamenter not only receives a low mark on his exam book, but he has wasted—^not wasted but spent inefficiently—^the time he spent in studying. Some of our best University professors— best from an instructional viewpoint—are inclined to show considerateness in this matter. Dr. Martin, of the chemistry department, for example, always goes through the previous final exam in class shortly before the end of the semester ... and Professor Parfitt of the dairy husbandry department opens his file of examinations to his students before finals. Other instructors present outlines of their courses which give the student a pretty good basis for finals studying ... still others think the student should know by the end of the semester what is expected of him. Several universities that are more concerned with knowledge and less concerned with classroom discipline than Purdue maintain all-University exam files ... open for use to any student in the university. Michigan and Ohio State offer this service to their students. Examination files are kept by some Purdue fraternities and sororities, but few of them are very complete. Most student, have no access to copies of previous exams at all. Most desirable arrangement is for the University to set up such a file—say in the Library . . . but chances are it would take a lot of persistent talking and campaigning to persuade University officials to take action on the project. The next best solution is for some student organization to get together the exams, with the assistance of other groups. The Purdue Independent Association, in its centrally located office, could carry out this function han(Jily . . . and establish a lot of
the Purdue iBxponent
MEMBER MMMOM WISCOMSH Entered as second class matter at the l(K»t office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Coujereas of March 8, 1878, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section ;|.10S, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday during the regular acadei^c year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail 38.60. RBPflESBNTEO FOR NATIONAL AOVERTI61NO BY NationalAdvertisisigSemceJnc. College Publisheis Jlcpresentata’e 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y CHICAGO - BOSTOH - UOS ANGELCS - SAN FBANCISCO
Editor-In-Chief
BasincM llMiaarer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Msnajrinsr EdUtor ...... E-Brock Associate Editors A* Bailey* Ia S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager™ P. Girard National Advertising Manager— -W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager.— R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors-
Elizabeth Pyke MaiY Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Baeiness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Blxponent Office |
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue hlditor—Keck Friday, February 4, 1938
good-will for itself among both independent and organized students. Collecting copies of previous examinations in all courses will require some work, but cooperation of students and organized groups will facilitate the job. PIA might obtain duplicate copies from fraternities and sororities of all final exams they now have on file .. . individual students or groups of students in the same course could help to complete records. A room containing files of final examinations would be a popular place for University students durihg the couple of weeks just before the end of each semester.
By Mary Cooley College students of today are more studious than their prototypes of 10 years ago and less given to religious skepticism, drinking and moral infraction, adult leaders of the National Methodist Student conference believe. Improvement in the moral tone of college life over that of the “bootleg era” was noted by Dr. Kiel D. Bdllinger of Chicago. He said that the change was strikingly evidenced by the increased proportion of students working their way through college and by the interest of students in social questions. “There is now,” he said, “about as much drinking among students as among the public in general. In fact students constitute a pretty good cross-section of the average citizenship.” Dr. Bollinger believed the “jazz element” of the 1920's was “always over-played” athough the sobering atmosphere of the depression had turned students from drinking and other frivolities to serious problems. tft )i( * “A man should remember what you said, and not how you said it.” Prof. Lee Norvelle, head of the speech department of Indiana University, argues that good speech should be as unobtrusive ^.s a man’s clothing. * * * * You’ll soon be able to tell a Grinnell College man by the way he forks his spinach, if the college “orientation” course is a success. The course—embracing among other things proper table manners—^is given to freshmen. It is crammed with such posers as “when should you use a finger-bowl?” and “who should be served first at a formal dinner?” apd “how would you eat sweet com noiselessly?” Stock answer by witty freshmen to the “formal dinner” query was “at a formal dinner, cocktails should , always be served first.” 0 * * * Members of the Collegiate All-
American Dance Band—composed only of orchestra leaders who attended college and play instruments —as selected by the Collegiate Digest are: Saxophones—Hal Kemp, North Carolina; Nye May hew. New York University; Ozzie Nelson, Rutgers; and Rudy Vallee, Maine and Yale; Trumpets—Bunny Bei-igan, Wisconsin; “Red” Nichols, Culver; Trombone—Buddy Rogers, Kansas; Violins—Jan Garbej, North Carolina and Auburn; Peter Van Steeden. New York University; A1 Donahue, Boston University; Piano— Johnny Green, Harvard; Eddy Duchin, Massachusetts State; Lud Gluskin, Yale; Guitar—Herbie Kay, of Northwestern.
Programs printed on particularly prepared papers are sometimes used at concerts in Europe and have recently been introduced at Radio City for highbrow radio hours. The particular paper is soft—and blotterlike—and does not rattle noisily when handled; so the conductor is not bothered, and no sound unwanted escapes over the air waves. Helen Hayes is reported to have appealed recently to an audience to please cease coughing because it bothered the actors as well as those paying attention. The other day we suggested that t^e cheapness of radio and movie entertainment bas caused this lack of good taste on the part of some. At the moving pictures students are Often complained of because of loud laughter, talking, or coughing and sneezing. We have gotten used to the easiness of the movie; we need no longer be on time to the minute as is necessary at the theater, but it would be^well if we’d be more careful. Remember there are other people in the theater.
PhysicallY-Minded Eds “ Can Obtain Lockers In Gym By Dollar Deposit By B. D. Witwer Many Purdue students are still fading away in physical strength’ just because of the fact that they don’t know that they can exercise and build up physiques which are weak and wan from the grueling exhaustion enduring during finals. All a person has to do who had a locker last semester is to signify his intention of continuing with the accommodation. For a newcomer, however, the plan of action includes the payment of a dollar desposit at the cashier’s office and the presentation of the receipt, along with a reputable pair of gym shoes, at the check-out window in the basement of the gymnasium in order to get the locker.
Whispers in the dark ... whispers in the classroom . . . whispers in the sweet shop . . . evil glances from co-ed eyes . . . increased business in the sweel shop . . . what’s the answer ? Don’t you know? Why co-ed rush is about to start again. La la la, de da da da. What we want is an explanation of Olie Smitt’s appearance after dates these days . . . since he has a car down here at school. When a boy puts out his pin . . . that is not necessarily news. But when a boy puts out his car . . . that’s news. According to that, this is the news: Carl Sadler put out his car to Mary Alice Masters for the six weeks she’ll be in practice house. POME Mary bought an airplane Around the country she did frisk. Now wasn’t Mary foolish. Her little * ? J , , Putze denies the whole marriage affair. He says he’s not old enough to be married. That’s not the reason. He’s old enough, but not old enough to know better. Judging from the decreased enrollment this semester, there should be plenty of vacant seats in the student section at the basketball game Saturday. Co-ed Motto: “If at first you don’t succeed in getting a date for Friday Triad, Triad again. First day of class Note: Sweet shop crowded as usual. Those good resolutions about studying this semester seem to be going glimmering after a glance at the dances coming up in Febru ary ... there’s the Inter-Fraternity Ball, Scabbard and Blade, etc., etc. . . . and all on successive Friday nights. Hurry, hurry, hurry, for that last chance at the MARS double passes. Graduate Advanced Carson, Pirie, Scott Company, of Chicago, announce the advancement of Marion Winterfbwd, Clothing and Textiles, ’37, to assistant handker' chief buyer.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ARC
FRIDAY—SATURDAY
“DICK TRACY” SERIAL **Slll3r Sytnphonjr** Cartoon SUNDAY — MONDAY "REMBRANT” ‘‘NOBODY^ BABY” “MICKEY MOUSE” CARTOON
Victor Release
> 25763 THE BIG DIPPER SMOKE FROM A CHIMNEY (Astronomy-in-Rhythm) Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra
‘We may get the seats yet—they’re reading the etiquette column now!”
Alpha Xi Alumnae Alpha Xi Delta Alumnae held a card party at the chapter house yesterday afternoon. The committee consisted of Mrs. H. Heckard, Sylvia Mills, Mary Louise Bone, and Bernyce Schweiger. Refreshments were served and gifts awarded.
TODAY — TOMORROW TWO SMASH HITS BETTE DAVIS FONDA
—PLUS— The Picture That Made Screen History!
• 25764,, THIS IS MY NIGHT TO DREAM ON THE SENTIMENTAL SIDE Guy Lombardo and His Royal Canadians • 25761 LOVE IS HERE TO STAY I WAS DOING ALL RIGHT Larry Clinton and His Orch. • 25762 WHY DO HAWAIIANS SING ALOHA? MY WINDOW PACES THE SOUTH “Pats” Waller and His Rhythm JUI^UT
McLean Music Co.
MAIN ST.
UkFATBrra!
ESIOliSi WALLACE BEERY CHESTER MORRIS ROBT. MONTGOMERY LEWIS STONE
LUMA TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
PHYUI5 RICASed.
BROOICS- ‘
KOBDivwneox • aoyeaAs i
CMICK €HAN0Uft
>c©rteZ
TODAY — SATURDAY
TED MEALY* MICKEY ROONEY •FRANK JENK8
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
By Your Door Each Morning - - - The News of The Camp US
Subscribe Today to The EXPONENT Local Subscription $1.75 Mail Subscription Anywhere in United States $2.25
Subscriptions Are Taken In Armory, Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, or The EXPONENT Office, 312 N Fifth St., Lafayette‘>'4';
Wff!
Friday* Febnicoy 4* ld38
"j|yi'i"irBfa
THE niBDOE EXt>ONENT
lillUL
ond round by George Rethlake, of the Earl Park CYO. Also on the defeated list was Dale Dilts who lasted but one round with James Drollinger of Veedersburg. , Capacity crowds have been attending all of the matches this year, with a number being turned away each night. Wednesday night’s contests opened at 7:46 and lasted until 11 o’clock, pi;oviding the fans with three hours bf excellent boxing.
Boilermaker Boxing Team Prepares For Lafayette Golden Gloves Semi-Final Bouts Ck)ach “Punchy” Maxwell’s boxers ^re in the pink of condition for-their coming bouts in the third show of Lafayette’s annual Golden Gloves classic. The Purdue squad is made up of 13 men at present with three men out of the race before they begin because of sickness. On the ailing list are Badet, Markey and Smithson. Badet and Markey are out because of a slight illness, but Smithson has just returned to school after an appendicitis operation and is in no condition to enter the fight. Although these three men will be out of competition, Coach Maxwell still expects to come out on top as the squad enters the final bouts across the river. Maxwell feels confident that he has one of the toughest squads in a number of years but the competition is also greater than in former years. Veterans on Squad Wilkinson, who with Armenoff represept Purdue in the 112 pound class, will be remembered for his work in the 1934 tourney when he copped the championship. Other outstanding men on the squad are Hardesty 126 pounds, Bacharach at 160 pounds, Lyles and Dilts at 176 pounds, and Ramputi in the heavyweight division. These men are expected to bring home the titles but there are still other good men on the squad. Other contestants representing Purdue are Franklin 118 pounds, Murphy 126 pounds, Dix and Mulholland 136 pounds and Lord and Keffaber 147 pounds. Three Already Eliminated In the second night of the Lafayette Golden Gloves matches the Purdue contestants, not on the boxing squad, did not come out in such good form. Billy Giles, called'the “Chocolate Windmill,” lost to Orville Powell of Veedersburg to fall by the wayside in an attempt for the championship. John Warden of Purdue was another of the Boilermakers to lose when he was knocked out in the sec-
Intramural Basketball The following men ai;e ineligible for competition in intramural basketball, 1937-1938. M. S. :6rinduse, G. E. Bausman, J. E. Bosse, R. 0. Brough, R. W. Burqugh, B. W. Brinkerhoif, R. M. Chamberlain, K. B. Corell, J. P. Gutting, P. C. Hardy, R. Igney. N. Mehes, D. G. Minney, P. J. Pauline, D. E. Rohrbaugh, C. H. Rechenbach, T. D. Reiley, D. W. Rankin, L. C. Schlater, R. L. StalG. Witsman. Dutch Fehring, Freshman Coach.
—BASKETBALL— —Today— Court 1—Igney, referee -Triangle vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. -Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 3—Aronson, referee 7:00—Ward 6 vs. Ward 13C or Cary Hall 2. 7:16—Ward 6 or Ward 2X vs. Cary Hall 6.
Swordsmen Face Ohio State Today, ' Tomorrow Flashing the steel for the first time since the examination layoff, the fencing team will see action twice this week-end as it meets the Ohio State squad here at 8 p. m. tonight and encounters the Rantoul Aviation School in a return meet tomorrow at the Fieldhouse. In the last meeting last year the Buckeyes took the measure of Coach Finney’s charges. Before the vacation the fencing team handed Illinois a 9-8 setback and defeated the Irish of Notre Dame 16-12, the latter meet being included on the Fieldhouse dedication program. Handling the foils for the Boilermakers in the Ohio State meet will be Co-captain McWilliams, Huffman, and Reynolds. Co-captain Seeborg and Stepath will represent the University in the saber matches while Levin, with Bob Meier and Matthews alternating, will be the epee men. In the return match with Rantoul Saturday, the Boilermakers will be represented by the same men with the exception of one saber alternation between Seaborg and Antucshko. The first match with Rantoul this year was a one-point victoiy for the Illinois team. House Of Davis Defeats Ward 5 In Semi-Finals House of Davis maintained its undefeated standing in intramural basketball last night by defeating Ward 6, 20-13, in the semi-finals of the ward championship tournament. Tonight the Davismen meet Cary Hall 6 in another tournament playoff. Higgins of the House of Davis lead last night’s scoring with 9 tallies. Other scorers were: Davismen —Corem 6, Devaney 4, and Isenbarger 1; Ward 5—^Waid 6, Davis 3, Ulrich 3, and Ohan 2.
fielder's choice
By Dick Oljenchain The woman hatingest man on the campus, according to himself, is Joe Mihal, co-captain of the football squad . . . but it took just a few soft, sugar-coated words from Jean Whitney to transfer .Toe’s radio from the Sig house to the Theta domicile across the street. . “I don’t give ’em nothin’ ” Mihal merely had to find that Whitney’s room was radioless, and darn if he didn’t go chivalrous . . . We wonder if he’s going to deliver it himself. —^fc— Another choice bit of news comes to us from one of our junior editors who frequents the Illinois campus ... It seems that Pick Dehner, mini basketball flash and leading Big Ten scorer who was recently declared ineligible because of a scholastic deficiency in physiology, spent last semester tutoring under a cer tain Pi Phi named Helen Dazenbrook . 1 . and strange or not as it may seem, the course for which the couple held their tutoring sessions was none other than physiology . . . applied physiology ? ? ? —fc— It sure was too bad for both of the teams when Dehner and Boudreau Were declared ineligible . . . The “Fighting” Illini will not have so much fight and Purdue will not have so much reason for downing them . . . These two men were the two that put the hooks to the Boilermakers over at Champaign earlier this season ... Well this sure gives the Illini a way out—if we beat them.
A second cousin of Greta Garbo is a student at Weber Junior College in Ogden, Utah. She scored 142 in a phychological examination at Ohio State and is ranked a “genius.”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
MR. MERCHANT:
The codfish lays a million eggs, The barnyard hen but one. The codfish doesn’t cackle
To show what she has done. We scorn the modest codfish. The cackling hen we prize, Proving that, without a doubt, IT PAYS TO ADVERTISE.
Fancy Shot Artist Will Entertain Fans Between Halves Of Illinois Game Fans will have an opportunity to see the “height of the unorthodox” in basket shooting Monday night between halves of the Purdue-Illinois basketball game, when Wilfred Hetzel holder of the national free throw title and famous trick shot artist performs in the Fieldhouse. On one occasion Hetzel .«ank 50 consecutive free throws for his audience. He has 30 different types of shots for charity tosses and some 20 or 25 varieties of set shots in his layout of unusual flips. Monday night’s demonstration will include exhibitions of shots made as he lies on his back, sitting on the floor, in a kneeling balance, with various.one-handed shots, blindfold tosses, and behind-the-backboard push shots. Never A Star Despite his extraordinary shooting ability, Hetzel has never peiformed as a regular on any cage quintet. At Melrose High School, Melrose, Minn., he was a member of the basketball squad for two seasons, but his consistence m sinking baskets began to develop when he practiced with a volley ball and a makeshift net fastened onto the bam door at his home. He has demonstrated his fancy shots in all of the big cities of the Middle West, has performed for New Yorkers in Madison Square Garden, and has appeared before more than a quarter of a million people in 16 states. Swimming Team In Two Contests This Week-End Coach Larry LaBree’s varsity tank team opens its regular schedule with meets at the Fort Wayne YMCA and at Michigan State this evening and tomorrow respectively. The Fort Wayne meet is only an exhibition contest on the way to the northern school, but will include the regular college events and will be run off in a similar manner. The Boilermakers will have their first chance to test the new dash men in outside competition. Faced with the loss of all of last year’s free style men, Purdue has had to rebuild completely, and the burden has fallen on Lahey, Ancker, and Fuller in the dashes and relays. Two other free style men are ineligible at present, and George Wildhack, crack diver, is participating in the Indiana-Kentucky AAU diving meet at Indianapolis this week-end.
Purdue And Illinois Lettermen's Clubs Will Hold Banquet In an effort to create a better spirit between the two schools, the Purdue “P” Men Club will play host to the Illinois “I” Men organization Monday night at a banquet preceding the basketball game between the two schools. Suggestion for some sort of combined meeting of the two clubs was received this week by Don Powell, president of the Purdue Club, from Frank Bell, secretary of the “I” Men club. Immediately plans were formulated for a banquet preceding the game and it was decided to hold the dinner iiv the Reception Room of the Memorial Union Building. Will Hold Smoker In a statement issued la'st night Powell said that the meeting would be more in the nature of a discussion and general get-together rather than a banquet. No speeches will be made and following the dinner the clubs will enjoy a “smoker” until game time. It was originally hoped that the two groups could sit together in a body during the game, but the present seating arrangement makes this impossible. Instead “P” men who already have reserved seats together, will exchange their tickets with “P’ men who have similar seats and the two clubs will thus be spread throughout the Fieldhouse. Frosh Fencers Will Hold First Meeting Monday Freshmen will be given an opportunity to come out for fencing Monday afternoon at 4:00 o’clock according to Coach Finney, of the fencing squad. This first meeting will be held on the balcony of the intramural gymnasium in the Fieldhouse. The purpose of this meeting is to see how many frosh would be interested in the fencing squad, therefore there will be no equipment necessary for this meeting. All of the freshmen are eligible to come out and no past experience is necessary.
“Six meadow mice in a year destroy as much grass as cow could eat in a day. Therefore the mice cut down on the cow’s food, its milk production and the farmer’s milk check.” E. L. Palmer, professor of rural education at Cornell University, suggests a mouse-hunting vogue to supplant the traditional fox hunt.
■ the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘TOEACr Everything for a College Education H, G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DH. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 Florist Inc. •as Blain St. In Lann TliMtr* BnUdbMt Phone 7955—8050
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - PriKIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Furmture Student Equipment J-juhniiuAa ^ 425 Columbia St. Plume 2728
Locksmith
F. Jos. MuUiaapt & Son Dependable Lodumiths AntoiMUk Imr mi* Mt Manto* ««» U C N. DmToKiw BiatillwtM* 208-211N. 5tb 8«h Phene M28«}^v
Iplirr* '' fe% ^, mv f>,ft
I
IHEPnBDOEEgOMEWlr
$5.00 In Ten Minutes; Nice Work If You Can Get It!
Bj Fred Thirty dollai s an houi' Nice work if you can get it—-and you have just as much a chance to get as did R. H. Thatcher, 203 Vine street, a junior 111 the University. Thatcher entered both of the fiist tvo Exponent ^\eekly score-picking contests and spent approximately 10 minutes foi Ululating the scoies and 25 word statements which netted him the significant sum of $5.00 His first entry in the contests was lated in second place, winning a $2 prize, while his last set of predictions, which he thought didn’t have a chance, was given first place and $3 Predicting Fun “I’ll keep on picking them, even if I’m not so lucky in the future,” Thatcher said. “I just get a kick out of making the predictions.” (We imagine the prize money was not hard to take, either). His formula for the oustanding success is just “trust to luck.” When queried as to the popularity of the contest, he replied, “I think it is a
littl? slow catching on, but a lot of fellows have been asking me how I do it. More and more of them seem to be coming around to the idea that they should enter.” According to Thatcher, the college games give him the most work. Although he didn’t really think that some of the high school game scores he put down were near correct, his hunches seemed to hit them pretty close. Try Your Skill All entries are judged on the deviations from the act^ual game scores. Though all entries for this week’s contest must be in the Exponent office by 5 p. m. tonight, there IS still time enough to get your bid in for pait of the $6 in prize money this week. f Blanks for your entry and a copy of the rules of the contest may be found in yesterday’s Exponent. In the contest page yesterday, the game listed as St. Louis vs. DePauw should have been St. Louis vs. DePaul.
Personnel Notes
By Jim Davis M. J. Maiers and A. E. Peterson of the Commonwealth Edison Company, Chicago, 111., will be at the University next Tuesday and Wednesday. They plan to interview electrical and mechamcal engineeimg seniors for employment. Graduates employed by the Commonwealth Edison Company are first trained for one year by means of departmental assignments, classroom instruction, and personal guidance, and then assigned according to interests and ability, to operation, generation, research, design sales and commercial work, and construction. Seniors who are interested should read the booklets on Commonwealth Edison Company now available in the offices of Professor Harding and Professor Young. They may sign up for interviews at these places. Representatives of the General Electric Company will return to the campus Monday February 28, for a three day conference with senior mechanicals, chemicals, electricals and public service engineers. Seniors, who have not interviewed these men previously and who are interested, should sign up in the main office of their school. The Dow Chemical Company, of Midland, Mich., will be represented by S. L. Starks, director of technical employment, here February 8. Starks will interview senior chemical, mechanical, and electrical engineers interested in employment with his company. Those interested should sign up in the main office of
their school. Literature on the organization and products of the company is available in the personnel office. A representative of the Eastman Kodak Company, Rochester, N. Y., plans to be’at the University February 9, to interview mechanical and chemical engineering seniors for employment. He also wishes to interview science seniors specializing in chemistry. Master’s, and Ph. D.’s in chemical engineering and chemistry. Those who are interseted in this company should look over the literature available in the mam office of their school, and sign up for an interview. Science students should sign up in the main office of the chemistry department. Lieutenant James G. Sliney, executive officer of the United States Naval Reserve Aviation Base, Chicago, 111., will be at the University on the 8th, 9th, or 10th of February to interview senior science and engineering seniors who are interested in aviation training. Requirements for admission to the aviation base are posted in the main offices of the different schools. Those interested should sign up there for an interview.
Fridoy. Febmotry 4, 1938
Co-eds To Hear Taube Talk On Baskelball Mel Taube, assistant coach, will explain “What Girls Should See at a Basketball Game” at the WAA mass meeting today at 4 o’clock in the small gym of the Women’s Gymnasium. Before the talk co-ed teams will give a demonstration game of badminton to be followed by a contest game between women’s physical education faculty ahd a men’s student team. Ward Lambert, unable to come, has promised to send either Fehring or Taube, his assistant basketball coaches, to explain how a spectator can learn to outguess the opposition by knowing something of the style of play used by the home team. He will explain in particular Purdue’s style and form of offensive and defensive. Following this talk there will be a shoit description of the co-ed sports now in progress or starting this semester, by the heads of these sports. Mary Ellen Delaplane, WAA president, last night invited all girls interested in the talk or in coming out for one of the sports to attend this meeting. It will be open to any coed whether a WAA member or not. Anyone wanting to become a member may see Elizabeth Maier at the meeting. The sports which are now in progress or will be started next week are: volley ball, badminton, basketball, and bowling. Following the exhibition I’efieshments will be served.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
STUDENT ROOM—Private entrance, continuous hot water. 113 S. Grant. Phone 51303.
ROOMMATE WANTED—Comfortable twin beds, quiet home. 2 blocks from campus. $10. 345 Sylvia. Phone 56824.
BOARD—Have board for students. Home cooking, very reasonable. A call will convince you. 56823. Phone 3340.
FOR RENT—^Two or three bed-
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES Dancing is one of the most important social requirements ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 p, m. To Experienced Dancers ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS FRIDAY, FEB. 18
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry Call or Phone 2130
Mackinaw Wool Coats $10.00 Grade Now $6.00 $8.50 Grade Now $5.00 Your chance to buy a good warm coat at a big savings. DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.
TWO boys—First floor, adjoining bath, constant hot water, innerspring mattress. Quiet place. 226 Pierce. Phone 35934.
FOR RENT—Single room, warm, pleasant, private family. 435 North Main.
ATTENTION!—Tenor saxophone or bass clarinet player wanted. Also drummer. Call Clinton Brown at 45862.
room ultra-modern apartment adjacent to Purdub. New Building. Occupanfcy in one week. OO'T Third street. West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—Single room in a private home. Has double bed with innerspring mattress. Near campus. Phone 51202.
WANTED—Two adult tickets for the Illinois-Purdue basketball contest. Will pay good price for them. Call 51584.
YOU TIRED OF RESTAURANT FOOD?—Home cooking $5.00 per week. Clean, good. 219 Littleton. Phone 61404.
Notices Ko Notice! Accepted After 8 p.m.
Chinese Students’ Club: There will be an important meeting of the club February 5 in room C of the Union. —SOO-HOO i
Riflery: Instruction in rifle will be resumed for group 2 and those who are interested February 4 at 4 p. m., room 107 of Fieldhouse. Do not bring rifles. -tHOLMES.
Cosmopolitan Club: Short meeting February 4 at 7:15 p. m in room C of the Union. Important that all members be present. —GERLACH.
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: The following schedule is the work program for the new semester. Monday: Len Hibbs, Georgia Carroll, and Beth Simpson. Tuesday: Janet Pickering, Mary Burtsfleld and Betty Jane Short. Wednesday: Charlotte Sebast and Mary Jane Carr. Thursday: Jane Briscoe, Mary Irene Sawyer, and Janet McGregor, BViday: Ruth Rose and Helen Stanley, Saturday: Betty Lou Jakes, Peggy McMathe, and Marian Johnson. —JUSTIN.
Debris Photographic Staff: Meeting of entire staff February 4 at 4 p. m. in the Debris office —EMSLIE.
Egg and Chicken Show: All interested in working on annual Egg and Chick Show should come to organization meeting in the Poultry Building February 4 at 7 p. m. PVeshmen are especially invited. —RALSTON.
Scriveners: Important meeting February
6 at ^7 p. m. at 126 West Lutz. Bring manuBcrifits. —FELDMAN.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Rotating schedule for this week’s afternoon work follows: 'Thursday, Wimborough, 'Hirasher and Johnson. Friday: Schilling, Sawdon, and Wickard. „ —McKEE,
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds: Following is the schedule foF afternoon work—Saturday: Joy Johnson and Emily Sawdon. Monday: Betty Wickard, Georgann Schilling, and Alice Martens. Tuesday: Kay Thrasher, Joan Wimborough, and Helen Steffee. —COOLEY.
AIChE: Meeting February 8 at 4:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Mr. Eskel Nordell of the Permutite Co will speak on commercial water softening. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
Sophomore Union Workers: All sophomores meet in work room at 4:00 p. m. February 4. -TAYLOR
WSGA Office Committee: Important meeting February 4 at 4 o’clock in WSGA office. —MASTERS.
WSGA Activities Committee: Members please report to the office for work any time Friday, and all next week. Important, —JONES.
Playshop Art Committee: Report to subbasement any time after 1:00 February 4 or 5. There will be work all next week after 4 o’clock. , —CROMER.
Mixed Recreation: Meeting February 4, in the Women’s Gym at 7:30 p. m. —TUBBS.
PIA Orchestra: Practice February 4 at 7 p m. in the tower room of the Union Building. —SHINN.
Only clean, well pressed clothes show their real beauty. Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
I Say There:
If You've lost someititiig - - - Found sometMng - - - Want to sell - - - Want to buy - - - Why hesitate! Take a few minutes—go to the Union and leave the ad at the Union desk. You'll be surprised at the quick results you'll get. It's the Purdue Exponent Classified columns that gives it to you.
PURDUE EXPONENT
CALL 5038