:W
Hi^R GOOD FRIDAY Services In Music Hall, Ghurch Today
' -i '
.,/ji’ i ’1
FOOTBALL COACN^ Meet For AnriciiSl t Clinic Here Today
Esiabiithed 1889
Daily Since 1906
Viilftflie 53, No. 158
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 3, 1942
John Wilcox Selected To Head FAO Board
Fraternity Men Name Schwab, Morgan, Ulrich, Baynes New Junior Secretaries At the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council’s meeting last night, John Wilcox, a junior mechanical engineer, was elected
Senate Sets April 15 As Day For Election Of Representatives
Petitions For jobs Due N6xt Thursday
Choir, Churches To Hold Special Good Friday Religious Services
r. • n ' Senate President Joe NefF has anbcnior becrctary of the Fraternity Affairs Office for the com- nounced Wednesday, April 15, as ing year, the date for the all-campus Senate The four junior, secretaries of the organization elected at elections. At that time all sopho-
last night’s meeting,\the first assembly of the new fraternity junior representatives for presidents, were William Mor the succeedinK summer session will
Mens Club Makes
J. Findley, L. Hadley Choir Will Preseat Cantata
Will Lead Devotional At 8 Tonight In Music Hall
gah,. Pete Schwab, Frank Baynes and Irwin Ulrich, , These four will handle the ofliccs of Rush, Scholarship, Special Events, and Publicity, and will alternate through the year at performing these offices. Works With Frat [’residents Praternity Affairs Oflice works in conjunction with the Intdrfraternity Presidents’ Council in that the senior and the four junior secretaries of the FAO are recommended, interviewed and nominated by the FAO senior secretary and officers of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council. Members of the latter organization then render the final vote. Primary function of the Fraternity Affairs Ottiee is to aid and coordinate .the activities of all fi'aternlties on the campus. Caljoiit Tuesday hiext Tuesday at 4 the FAO will hold a callout for sophomore workers for the coming' year. The meeting will be hold in the FAO oifice and any pledge or initiate of any fraternity on the campus is eligible to work.
200 Activities Students Feted At SSS Banquet
Interview For Naval Instruction
Almost 200 activities students were feted at the annual Stage-Stump-Studio banquet, held idst night in Cynthia Jones Hall as the three campus activities, WBAA, forensics, and playshop united to cite activities members for outstanding work this year. Top awards for four-year service were made by Pi'of. A. Tl. Monroe, speech department hehd, who named Janet Morehouse the greatest contributor in four years to University foren.sics, and cited Merle Keck for outstanding' service rendered in four years of dramatics at the University. No WBAA two-year award was made. Zis.sis Honored George Zissis, sophomore, received the distinction as the most outstanding debater of the year; Becky Ann Pervine and Larry Myers were voted the announcers most active in WBAA staff partici■pation; : and Jack Miller, Betty (See banquet ON page 4)
lie elected.
'fhis year, for the first time^ Spnato electiomi for the four freshmen engineering students petitioning for sophomore representatives will be hold in Engineering Lectures, Saturday morning, April 11. It is expected that this new method of electioning will stimulate added interest and attention in student government, and also better acquaint the freshmen with the activities and functions of the Senate, The other Senate positions will be elected as in the past on the same
date.
Petitions Available Petitions for the Senate positions ai'e now available in the Senate office in the afternoons between 4 and 5. Each candidate must obtain 11 petition and return it to the Senate office with a minimum of fifty signatures of members of his own .school and class. The deadline for petitions i.s Thursday, April 9, at .5 j). in. No petition will be considered that is turned in after this date. It is also necessaiy that a fee of one dollar accompany each petition to defray election expenses. All candidates for po'sition.s must have a 3.6 index or better. Because of the present throe-semester year, the Senate will operate on a year around basis. Thus, candidates for election to Senate positions must have definite plan.s for continuing school during the summer .session.
Exercises Af 3 p. in. Basic Cadets To Compete
Owen Aids Eivfrance Into National Contest
Morgan Addresses
Farmers At Opening Designs Foi Program Conference Session CoverS Duc April 20
Qr^j'ariizatibn,of the second ‘‘Fly-, ing Boilermaker” Naval aviation squadron |s to be completed next-
week when Ensign Robert Childs Indiana Association of the Future All students who wish to submit of the Chicago Naval Squadron Ca- Farmers of America-opened its 13th designs for the new University condet Selection Board visits the Uni- annuaf state convention yesterday vocation programs should give them versity on April 7, 8 and 9. This afternoon when officials addressed to Bob Parks, director of the Union squadron will be inducted as a unit a group here. Among the speakers Puttering Shops, before Monday, a.t the close of the present semes- were H. F. Ainsworth of the Uni- April 20. ter. The first squadron of “Flying versity, state F. A. A. advisor; Gcr- Mrs. Lark-Horovitz, Prof. Justus Boilermakers” was inducted last aid Morgan, who reported on the Rising, and Prof. Marion Willough-
1941 convention; and B. P. Swin- by will serve as judges for the conford, Paoli vocational agriculture test and will award the first prize instructof. of ten dollars. A second prize of In the business meeting it was five dollars will also be given, announced that the Delphi F.A.A. Designs will be judged on the bachapter^won first place in the state sis of simplicity, originality, and scrap hook contest. Others which careful execution. They should be placed in the competition were drawn with India ink on white ilReitz of Evansville, the Martinsville lustration board twice the size of chapter and the Hagerstown F.A.A. the present convocation programs. Climaxing the convention will be Indicated in pencil on the layout a banquet program tonight. Princi- should be the size, style, and placepal speakers on the program will be ment of the type to be used. Sam-
By Willas Vermilion -University Glee Club took its first step in the Fred Waring National Glee Club competition last night, by making a recording of three songs. Paul Owen, singerrepr'csentative of Fred Wai’ing, told an Exponent I'eporter that these recordings will be sent to New York in the near future to be judged with those of other glee clubs in this vicinity, He went on to explain that the country was being' divided up into ten regions for this contest, this region comprising Indiana, Ohio and parts of Michigan and West Virginia. The colleges in this, region who have cntei'od glee clubs range from Notre Dame and Ohio State to Denison University and Wabash College, and will “provide stiff competition” for the winner of the Chesterfield cigare tte-s p o n s o r o d contest. Recording.s .Numbered The recordings of all the glee clubs will be assigned a special number when judged to keep the names of the competing' clubs a dark secret until the winners have been established. One club and an alternate will be chosen from each region to compete in the finals. Mr. Owen who is in charge of the contest in this district, said that when the winners of these preliminary competitions were announced that all ten winners would be taken to New York, expenses paid, to compete in the finals. These finals are of a slightly different natui'c (See OWEf^ on page 4)
Several churches and foundations are cooperating to present a Good Friday Devotional Service this aft--ernoon at 3 in the First Methodist Church of West .Lafayette. The University Pre'sliyterian Chu>'f'i'> the West Lafayette Baptist (jluirch, the Wesley. Foundation,-tho Purdue Christian Foundation and the Roger Wiliiains Club will combine for tho joint service. The woi'sliip service will consist of three periods, each con.sisting of .scripture readings, choral music, hymns, meditation and a period of intei'ces.sion. First Theme The first iieriod tlienie is “To the Croiis.” Its iiieditations'will be presented by Dr. .lolin W. l''indli'y and Dr. Laurence Hailley. Tlie .second period meditations will be given by Rev. Hubert Reynolds and Rev. E. R. Balsley, con.sidgi'ing “At the Cross.” In the third and last period Rev. .Joseph Baird Gleason and Dr. Otto Scott Steele will pro.senl meditations on tho theme, “From the Cross.” Foundation (iiiaiffet ’I’o Sing During the service, the Purdue Christian Foundation Quartet and the Baptist Choir will sing. Mrs. P. J. Roberts and Mrs, D. C. Brodie will play the organ. Persona unable to remain .for the entire service are requested to leave during the singing of the hymns or (iiiring the organ meditation at the close of the first or second period.
In Best Soldier Contest
Tomorrow At 11n Armory
Basic ROTC students will participate in the Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier conl,est tomorrow aft.' ernoon at I in the Armory. Both .sophomore and fresinnanmilitary students will have an oppoi-tiinity to show theii' knowledge of military matters. Practical^'and theoretical aspects of the ba.sie studcnt’.s vvork in the military department will be covered in separate conto.sts for both freshman and sophoiUore participants. Active tneinbei's of Scabliard and Bhyle will .conduct, and judge the entire contest. tI-h' men who will participate registered at'the beginning of the second semester and have been under con.stant observation since that iinie. Their conduct on the drill floor will enter into the resulLs of ■ the contest, but classroom grades will not count.^ ^ • ; The organizatioti will awai'd three! medals to the winners of the contest.
Playshop Tickets
Exponent Coeds
Coed page tonight. All coeds please report to work at 4 p. ni. —CHATFIELD
Reserved seals may be secured now for the final Playshop production of the 1941-12 season, “The Male Animal,” by sending in a coupon from the season booklet to the Playshop office in FowlerHall together with a stamped self-addressed envelope. There will be no performance on Thursday night, April 16. Beginning next Monday tickets may bo secured directly from the Fowler Hall box-office.
“The Seven Last Words of Christ,’’ a sacred canta.ta composed by Theodode Dubois, will be presented at 8 tonight in the Music Hall by the University Choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. This program, which is the only allUniversity Easter service, is the last in -the current series of convocations for worship and is free to all students, faculty members, and townspeople. Alberta Schmadel will sing the introduction to the cantata, which is a series of solos and choral ritimbers based on the Holy Bible, representing the word of mei'cy, of promise, of companion, of loneliness, of suffering, of triumph, and of confidence. Powell Will Sing The fii'st word, “Father, forgive f liem, for they know what they do,” will be sung by Chax’les Powell and WiHiani Morgan. Following this, Marvin Smith and William Rothenberger will sing the second wo^d, “Verily, thou today shall be with me in Paradise. The third word, “Woman behold thy son,” will he sung by Charles Powell and Marjorie Williamson. Fourth Word
August.
Already in the ranks of this second squadron are Tommy Melton and Jim Miller, co-captains of the football eleven, and Robert Kersey, also of the gridiron squad. General Requirements General requirements for candidates for training as Naval Aviation cadets call for applicants between 19 and 27 years of age, who are unmarried and in good health. The minimum requirement of two
Commencement Announcements
Modern Dance Club Presents Revue For Public Tomorrow
William Kennedy will sing the fourth word, “O my Father, why hast Thou forsaken me ?”.W'hilie?'tBe'' fifth word, “I thirst!” will bii fiUng by Jim Chase and Alfred HnbettFollowing this Marvin Smith VHU sing “Father, into Thy keeping I commend my soul,” and the fihhi word; “It is finished,” will present Alberta Schmadel, Ray Friend and Elmer Carlquist os soloists. Cohcludirig the progi’am, the entire choir will sing “Thee, We Adore, 0 Savior.”
yeai's of college credit must he com- Governor Henry F. Schrickcr and pics of the programs now in use
pletod before the beginning of the
pilot training period.
College .sophomores in good standing are accepted for enlistment pending tho eonqiletion of educational requireiucnts. Iffic deci.sion to allow juniors luid seniors, ns wclj as sophomores, to complete their current school year before beginning the active training makes it possible for the prospective' cadet' to make all the necessary arrangements now and concentrate on his
school work until May. Will Coniliict Interviews
Ensign Childs will be available for persona! interviews on the campus. A medical officer will also he piesent to conduct the preliininai'y
physical examinations.
National F.A.A. President, liven may be obtained at the Puttering Schenk, of Evansville. Shops.
Seniors must place orders for commence men t announcements by Friday, April 3 et 10 p. m. at Deac’s, Southworth’s or at the University Book Store. Price (cash wiien ordered): Leather, 35c; Cardboard, 15c;
Folders, 5c.
For extra tickets send to Gala Week Committee, in care of Student Senate, [’lirdue Memorial Union, West luirayottc. Incliule names and towns of those you wish to have tickets, including namc.s for the original four tickets, and state relation if any.
Engineering Made Easy For . ..
University, Local industries Will Install Member Of British
'Electrical Thinker' In EE Laboratory
SAE Announces Election Of Officers For Summer
Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fra--ternity announces the election of the following officers: President,
By Sally Beall
Mnginoi'ring' will be made easy I'or University students this summer when an “electrical thinker” is installed in the transmission line lalioratories of the Electrical Engineering Building. This “thinker,” officially called a netwoik calculator, can perform in a single hour calcnlation.s that wonj<l- require an engineei' nine months to comi)ute on l)aper. It can even give answer.s to cei'tain (ji'ohlems that cannot he solved by any other method. “Thinker” Valued Highly
they are built and calculates tho materials required to supply power safedy and efficiently with a minimum of eciniinnent and exi)ense. OLitwa)'diy the calculator I'csombles a telciihone switchboard, hut is instead made up of a labyrinth of coils and condensers which duplicate the electrical cliaracteristics of the big fellows. By inserting plugs, turning dials and operating switches, the engineei' is able to set uj) a replica of the existing or proiiosed power sys-
Embassy To Speak AtConvo Next Week
The “thinker,” valued at $5(),()()(), tern. Dials show how an actual pow-
er system would operate under the equivalent conditions, although only about one ten thousandth of the power of the real system is used.
The “thinker” pays for itself by
was purchased cooperatively from
Gary Klouman; Vice-President, Westinghousc by the University Gharles Hattery; Recording Secre- and seven mid-western power systary Dick Custis; Chronicler, Don terns feeding wa'r industries in Indi-
Schwarm; Warden, Salford McMy- ana, Kentucky'and Ohio.>it will be Tests Power Systems ler; Herald, Glenn Stockmeier; used to solve the problems of interChaplain, Don Blue; Song Leader, charging electrical energy which is showing ways to economize and Harry Darling; Pledge Trainer,, developed by the new government make existing systems deliver more John Gatlin; Ru.sh Chairman, John plants located in this area. power. The saving in time is also Callaway; Athletic Chairman, Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the enormous, A calculator has been Frank Knutzen; House Committee, School of Electrical Engiueeving, used by the Westinghousc East Dori. Schwarm, Ed Wiggers, Joe and Dr. D. D. Ewing of the same Pittsburgh Works since 1930. In Rose; Social Committee, Glenn school will be the University’s rep- that time it has been used to studjr
resontatives on the committee more than foui' hundi-ed power syswhieh will direct llie (iperalion of toms, with an estimated saving of the calculator. 1,200,000 man-hours of work comThe dcivice creates and tessts min- pared with the old method of cal-
iatures of' power systems before culating on paper.
Stockmeier, Bill Hummel.
Gordon Lovett was awarded a medal for outstanding intramural participation during his four years
hi school.
“'rhe Ch.'illenge of 'J’ofal War to Universities,” will he the subject of a talk scluKlule<l for .'\pril 9, in l''owlin' Hall i)y Mary Craig McGeacliy, al.laclic of the British Ejul)assy at Washington, D. C. This .special convocai.ion, sponsored by AWS, will 1)1^ open to all students and to the genei'al public without charge. Upon comt)letion of her' studies at the Sorlxmne, Paris, and at the School of Higher Intcr'national Studies at the Univer sity of Geneva in Switzerland, Mary McGeachy became associated with the Eui'opean Student Relief movement in 1928. Since therr she has visited many countries of Europe in eonnectioir with relief work. She ser'ved in Geneva for ten year's as a rrrenrber- of the League of Natioirs Secretariat, acting as British Dotrrinions’ Liaisoir officer. Following the outbreak of World War II, Miss McGeachy was tr'arrsferred'to London whore she was attached to the Ministry of Economic War'fare, and since December, 1940, she has served as an attache of the British Embassy in this country.
Carlquist, who has won fir^t prize at the annual Chicago-Land Music Festival, is returning tonight to sing the same part that he s&ag as a senior two years ago when the choir presented the cantata. Services at the Broadway Methodist, Church in Indianapolis at 7:30 p.m. Easter Sunday will conclude the Easter activities of the UniVer- , sity Choir. Previous to the progthtfi the entii'e choir will be entertained at a banquet held by the church in its honor. This is the first time that tlie entire 250 voice choir has ever been taken outside the limits of West Lafayette to sing.
Better Homes Group
Elects C. Shambaugh To Head Organization
Marjorie Parkin
Modern Dance Club will i)i'C'senl: worked with Mary Wigman in Dros.-' a pi'ogram in tlu; Womon’.s Memor- Germany, and has spent two
ial Gymnasium tomorrow nflernoon
at 2.
summers at the Bennington School
of Dance in Vermont.
Many of the colleges in Indiana
1 he Danei' (dub, under the direc- that have dance groups have aecepttion ot Miss Ann Bell, will ))resent ed the invitation to participate
a progi'am whicli will ineludc their tho program. Groups from Butler
own composition numbers and tech- University, Indiana State Teachers
nique studies. A guest artist. Mar- College, DePauw University, and
jorie Parkin of Chicago, will be fea- Indiana University will perform
tured.
Miss Parkin received her M.S. de-
with the University dance group. The public is cordially invited to
gree in dance from tho Un.ivei-sity attencl this program which will i: of Wisconsin and has since taught elude, besides the dancing of Miss in several conservatories of dance Parkin anil the variotus groups, piand in Stephens College. She has auo selections by Noel Lee,
Last night a meeting was held in room 212 of the Union to orghh* ize a local branch of the Better Homes in America organization. The local branch will be known as Better Homes in Lafayette. At the meeting, whicli was presided over by Mrs. R. B. Stewart, the following officers were elected: Mrs. C h a r 1 e s Shambaugh, president; Mrs. A. Swope, vice chairman; MisS Jean Harvey, secretary. Miss Harvey is also secretary of the national organization. Several local townspeople and University staff members spoke. Among those speaking were Prof. .1. C. Hockema, who represented President Elliott; Prof. J. R. Leevy and Prof. T. K. Noss of the edvica* lion and applied psychology department; Prof. G. E. Lommel of the Civil school and chairman of the State Planning Board, and pehil Mary L. Matthews of the Home IJConomics school. ' The national headquarters .are located at the University. Presfdifll^ Elliott is the national president m Better Homes in Anierif;a> G. ley Merhle, vice president, and Mfesi Jean Harvey, executwe secretarSF.
i
3
1
■
if f'rA
73 Z** »**«!■* \'S
% 1'^ #?•
Ebcponent Editorial And Feature-Pagcf
Friday, Aprils, 1942
u « \\
Purdue Exponent 1 ' Ati»A<iieHca« 1940-'41 Offtccs Editorial atid Business, ki iPurdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports Fieldhouse Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
fiOftorm Chief News Mil Or MldUKintt Jailor Baslhern Matiaeer O^tiYhltofi Minhi-er SpbrtH bdilor CoM -Pditor
liihn F Amn‘1 Don T Broph% John H ArmsIronK William D Millard Ken K Cjcwre Ted Clark Alice Cltnlficld
B It W
U fort
Ho‘,k 1 Karp ck 1 Doi IS
Publication Staff ;^sneial,e lEdilors RdUofiat Staff U W B tvink 1) 1 A P Hnntir D W Oih m \V 1 Sports Staff D 1 Hr vii I S »i R W KneRii Coed Staff Snll\ BloII Chill U IH
Pickerint.
Business Staff Coed Bonnets Manaeer, J iln Martin AAverlisinE Managers 1 M Vi nsht D 1 I 1 n on Circulation Manager G H Kloiiman Aecounts Manager Trona Torrtngn Junior Coed MjinairerR Klltn Cl rK J ino Koim Staff For This Issue Night Editor Rafcrt Dav Editor I aucr Issue fiditor \otik Sports I ditor Karpick Reporttrrs Verimlirn Thornp on Schncidei Blackburn Sports Staff Sebt ri Sowards Lassnn
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafav elte Indiana under the act of Conffres*? of Marth 1 1879 and *t the iffiecial rate of postage nrovidcd for in section llO't act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Pulilishcd dIMh egetpt Monday during the regular academic year and we^ly during the summer Session Delivered locally In car rltr for $3JiO per rear marl subscriptions 5.4 00 fiepresCnted for national advertising bs National Adx^ertis mg Service Ino College Publishers Representatives 420 Mgdmori Ate New lork N Y
Good Friday. . . Today is Good Fiiday This leligious Holiday used to be a signal foi the cessation of all work and the de\otion of a day to piayer In recent years the custom of giving the entire day to worship has been to a great extent abandoned, howevei, church sei vices will be held heie in Lafayette foi peisons of all faiths On campus the Unuersity chon under the able direction of A1 Stewai t w ill gi\ e the “Se\ on Last Woi<ls of Chnst,” a sacred cantata by Theodoic Dubois The cantata was first pcifoimed in the Chapel of St Clotilcle in Italy 75 yeais ago in French Since then it has been sung in many languages in all paits of the Chiislian wo.rld The Univcisily chon will sing it m English The composition has been sung heie seveial times in the past Most lecent of these was two yeais ago when moie than a thousand persons attended the con\ocation m Fowler Hall This cantata has been foi jeais one of the most populai Eastei pi ograms because of the variety of means of expiession employed Parts of it aie nanated, paits sung as solos and obbligatos and paits sung by the entiie group In spite ot this it is lelatnely shoit “The Seven Last Woids” with the accompanying “Introduction’ and concluding pi ayei tell dramatically the stoiy of the ciucifiction of Chiist and of his message from the cipss Remembeiing the progiam fiom two yeais ago we can honestly say that this is a convocation that will be enioyed and appreciated by the entiie audience The choir will sin^ the cantata again on Sunday at the Bioadway Methodist church m Indianapolis We take this opportunity to con gratulate them This is the first time that the 250-voice choa has louinejed fiom the campus to give a program
ROM£-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
fiobaiimp JIisl (hdA.
Nnaaa-
-OAMOl-
-3Woa
"Vestelday we staitcd thioueh oui beloncmss look irg loi a diamond in the lough oi bettei known is tlie tooth paste tube wt thicw in the w iste papei bis ket With the WPB (We Plan Bannmgs) spendini. its 40 houi week thinking up some w ij to get a lot ot iin without tailing all of Iltniv Folds pioducts in we It expecting a mctalluigist to diop in my diy and male an inahsi^ on oiu fillin •v We don t mind not havin,, tooth piste to scialch the enamel on oiii mol us and we don t mind the bae ttiiae lenting shovels ind incl i\es to help them di», laster and we don t mind thi yello\ish |co iting on oui bicuspids getting is thiek as the pi iting on the HMS Hood—but when the denti^-t ehmbs in oui mouth with a pan of pliei s and tomes baek elaiming to be the only man to (vei have letually visited the eiateis on the moon—we le ,,oin„ ti Miite oiii Con gicvsnian \< i doi t mind not havin,, sliaMiig eu im to give 0 11 lace the si in vou live to hael with a la/oi blade ind we don t mind hiving to c iiiv i supply of stvp tie pencils t top the gush is oj blood do to (li\ shav mg and we don t mnd la\iri„ oui laces b md i„ed h jond ictogiitioii but altei the fust pel son comes ui tei us md think we ii P ml Muni mule up lot eJil ( we le geing to e el i gooel liw\ei tei g t lu oti)\ iO (hjs mel 't200 line loi whet we eh to ti it guv 1 (Jne thing that the WPB hasi t dee eled upon vet a id that is how iie the\ cvci goiiiH to untangle the de lorined and eoinple te Iv coll ipse 1 eollajj ihle tubes k mstein and a lew eil the e niallie m it ei ms would ee mmit a haish ioim ol '-uiei ie tl thev evei tiled to fi UK out the loi mill le l\ Ihe u el mihliealgeo nietiv—-loi the eui ves th it iic lomi d Iv (le human Uvi ol one of these tin eontaineis —s ho when youi ehm he tuts to hok like t! e lein m s
(^Lwsmsm Merry-EO-ROUMD By Drew Pearson and Robert- S. Allen Minisfrei' Urges U. S. Unions To Heed Australia's Lessons WASHINGTON Apiil 2-—A shoit time ago Aus tl ilian Mmistei Casev lecciveel a cable fiom Mel boui ne w Inch i eael Please aiiange meetings foi mo with heads of AP of L and CIO Want no lahledah enteitimment while I m m Washington The instiuction came from Caseys boss Austial lan Minjstei of External AftaiiS Heibert "V Ev itt Casey extiemely populai with Washingtons social upper ciust hael to icpl-y th it he did not know mv Ameiican laboi leadeis coulel not anange the mtio eluctions Casey has since lesigned vs Austiahan Mm istei to entei the Biitish cabinet but his chief E\ tei ml Ministei Evatt is now m Washington mel is the most mvigoiating visitoi this countiy has seen since Winston Chuiehill Reason Mimstei Evatt w mted to meet E S 1 iboi leadeis was beeausc he is a meniboi of one of the few laboi govoinments m the woild and because he IS convinced that Amcncan laboi could piofit by some of the mistakes and lessons ol Austi alum laboi In Australia’ says Evatt we haven t had one strike Laboi has patched up all its difiei ences for the duration \\ e have the same lac lions that vou do—like your AP of L and CIO— but there s no quarrel between them now The last thing they want is to row while the conn trv s m danger • Labor's Responsibility Mmistei Evatt ilso thinks that 1 iboi his to as Mime 1 esponsibihty ilong with its guns rbi yeais he says wc h d consoivitivo govein raentb m Austialii And now thit the govemments been turned ovei to laboi we ve got to make a go of it And youi laboi people heie hi\o got to make a go of it too Otheiwisc they 11 lose ill they ^ une i undei Roosevelt Mmistei Ev itt his not been m active liboi man all his life Eoi ^mmy yens he wis a lustice of the Supieme Coint of Austialia compilable to oui Su pi erne Couit Moie leecntly ho stepped down Iiom the bench to t il c the mo'-t impoi tant post m the i ab met equn ilent to Austi alnii Eoiei,.,!! Mmistei—e\ cept th it Auslialn bom„ ]iait of the PiiLish Empiic IS not supposed to hrve my loiemn aft ms Exteinil Mmistei Ev itt u n \\ ishm„Lon to speed wii supplies to his bclcaoueicd'll ilien mel to woik with the mw eounci 1 the Pieific ti which he is i (leleg itc • Nelson Mystery El lends ot w ii pioduetion ehicl Dinald \clscn \ e bifllcd Thev e it iindei stand why he isn t iideliig his staff of doll 11 i ve u men wnose mcompetoiicc md piofit minded obstiuclionism iic huipeiui^hmi mel bimgiiig down on h head i slo ni of public eiiticisni Peisonallv smteie eoiiseieiilious and ib'e Ncl son III the tin e ni mlhs he h is been \\ pll boss Ills aecoinplished imieh in bimgmg oielei mel ell i\e into the pioludioi pio„i ni lie hislieltd many tough pioblenis md shown 1 imsell m e\ ecutne ol coin i„e mel imiginition—except in one vital icspect Tnat i-, m lailiii^ to suiiouiul himself with issistanfs of top e iliber and punch It was expected w leii Nclsin ti 1 chugc th it he would imi^e die cle ulvvood and wcise th it li ul mule such a tia;,ic sh mibles ot OPVl I iste i i he tool ovei the OPM high comm iid pi leticillv mt le t 1 lulhti ol the lew ehm es ho d d nil! seve il woie woise th in the 0 I ei il thev lejil cel Eoi example Philip Peed 1 ul h mdm„ Cm i il Elcetiic iiio^ul hid oeen anythin but i slii m sue ce s m se voml 1 tv t)P"\i iio ts It v is iii men ccict th it one ol liis chici w is li ym_, to find i vv iv to c ise him out In‘'idcis tool it foi ,,i ii ted th it Peed would be one of the fust chopped I v N 1 on In^te id to ev eivones astonishment the diwdling loll u a ve i ci w is mule held of the key Buieiu ol liidustiy Biaiith es ^ Howevci nothing vv s s ml puhlielv ibout this sit nation it the time in the belief th it it w is only tciii poi 11 y and th it as soon as Nelson hid disposed ol moie piossmg mattcis he would tie m up his st ifl • Persecution Complex Ihiec months hive gone by md Nelson his yet given no s gn oi thing mythmg ibruf this I iiithei not only has he It id ample time to act but the dooi w is opened wide loi him to do so by the explosive resignation ol Robeit Guthrie md two ot his assistants littaiiso ot the obstiue lionism ol prolit mmelttl doll u a veil men to all out war efioil Gullnie an 1 his aides piesented Nelson with t made lo older o,iportunfiy to wield a long oveidiie i\ But Nelson doesn I see It that vv ly at all 10 mtmiites he his eomplimcd hitleily ihouL the toil) igtous w ilkoLit on the ^loimd tint it was i pti SOI il ilhont tojiim md m let ol disloyilty Nelsons apiiucnt milility to get i id of luddling issistmts IS a ti lit ho shucs m eomliion with the Piesielent One oJ Roo^-evelt s eliiol weikncsses is his ineipaeity to dismiss udes ol 711 oven meompoteiiee ® Merry-Go-Round \\ i\ lie toy 1)1 any young White House issist ml IS si iL( 1 loi i piomoLioti Ihe ex Indiana newsm i 1 w ill he 11 uie Assistant Rud„ot Du ectoi f i v will also e ntiiiLK is head cl the Ofliee ol 1 uiei^ency Mm igenient (C )7 \ 11 lit H) 12 1 V Unte 1 1 e itui c S \ 1 die ite Inc ) 1 tiilor Volt lyiit ( oy spoke in the Music 11 ill it 1 special w a toiivo Math 12
GRIN AND BEAR IT - ■„
B^Liehiy I Students Send Exhibit Of Art To Kansas City
firs ^ y ‘ Mom’s savang- sui>ai Pop s fussing ov^ei his tires, sis is hoaicling her silk stockings—eveiybody in the family’s doing wai work but me.”
University Calendar Friday/ April 3
R 00 A M —^Anuual Pootb ill Clinic 0 00 A "VI—Putuie Panieis oi Ameiiea 12 00 noon to 00 PM—Good Iiidny
Sei vices
1 0 P IVI C( smopolit m Club Meetiim () Ot) PM—PutuK r ameis of Amenta
— Banquet
-Pootb ill Cliiiit Bmquet -Inteiti vte inity Pellowship
t lO PM7 U) PMS t)0 P M -
-Religious C onvoeation 1 iste I Musit
Fie Idhouse Both 1 leulty I ounges Union W I Me thodist f liuith Room 102, Union South Billiooni Union Room Jfi) Union Room 107 Union Hall ol Music
Kappas Elect New Officers; Announce Year's Initiates The eloelion of new olficcis tot the following yoai and the initia tion ot new menibeis was an nouiictd yosteiday by Kappa Kap in Gamma social soionty Pi esident—Benson Doiothy Benson IIE 11 was elected to the piesideney iloii with the following officeis lane VauGoilam st ai 1 avis chan man Lois Thompson seholaiship ehaii man Ann ( istci 7)le(Ue chan man rinily ( i-^tci house ni aia ci Jem Yahi es t 1 c 1 i i n ii i J !i i Matin inaishall 'lloloi IIo I 11 on \ i electe 1 licasLiici, Maiannc Dul e ie-,i till I obc 111 \i ill tl etc (1 n sceietay J lel it Vi ells toiits poll Im soeietaiy B it i K acpil in libi a lai I > C a dm i P n Hel le me i cp ts at itiv e ml \ n \\ K1 1 d 1 \ to 11 p in 11 nt New Initiitts Those mitntcd weic Si ih An hew I Hay (tie Pi Anti ii i Oi lan lo 1 !i Ba bai i Bi ullcv M 1 ilayette Rcbtee i C lylo Blutlton \ iney C oi pi Rivii Eoiest 111 Betty I iss Ciislei I claim M a ily I Deni ate I dimipoh Caoly 1 Ell h h M [ H lyctti "Viifani i C ivc M I ilavett r loi cnee H igstumi ( hit mo Betsy J msiiig (inemiiUi Betti luKiu (iup Hanimoud Hlaion Iivtlv Pontile Mien Pi Ily Malm ML "Vei non Ann iMioit Soutli linl 1 h/i heth Peel Imli m ipolis I i a ee Pcttei I al lyette iJiisPitlen it Btimitn (, i (,loi I mn Sivyci M Iwaul Ol Ian S)ia le In u r ills Mmn aid Ma 1 oil tl I 1 hei IT nun )i! 1
Letter to Editor Deal Ml Editoi The ule i of Chucl Davidson Tom Mullet md John Ciockfoul to spend cip aid gown money loi cle ftnst boiitls stem a veiy wise plan Ihesc times aie not foi eeioniony 1 nt loi ictioii r lank Biaimei ChE 12 West I afayette Ind Aiiiil 2 1912 Deal Editoi In this nioining s Exponent theie ippi a eel a lettci sim-,estm„ that ilie Scnioi Clis .,ive up then pnv liege ol welling caji mil '>ov n at (omiiince it it loi the pi iv ilege of buying Dclenso Pomls This note is m\ vote ol ippioval ten the sehcnii I ho e etheis will in heatc Uieii ip]iio\il pioinptly o tint the iilei will lint the hicl mg of tlic entile elas om tiuly Kennedy Smith ME 12
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS CLASS OPENS TUES , APRIL 7, 7 30 P M ADVANCED CLASS OPENS WED , APRIL 8, 7 30 P M PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6lh & Pirrv
Ma/estic Furnaces and Will Burt Stokers F H Speaker Cr Son Phone 4976 1 19 E State St
efth Ailm tL list nfiiie iidyoiiltelh e (Il ppmg out 111 e p lu'iiti L (Vii ( i te just le nil ml (1 111 it Vi i hm Li ii i id I il i teeth aid /ill had i b< ad when WPB win ju t Uii 2 nl IGth a d 2nd letti s m tlie iljih ibet i i e
TODAY THRU SAT
ROGER PRYOR
VlRGiNI/ VALE
'SOUTH OF PANAMA' — md — TIM HO(.T — in — ''DUDE COWBOY” ALSO
[KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHC NEWS
ANmews sfsnns JaneFrazee Robert Paige Gloria lean Loo Carrillo Charles Butterworth Billio Burke Franklin Paiigbom W&OPY MEnMAN and His Orchestra
Starts TOMOR|tOW frS (rAY — ITS (.nAl\D — ITSCRLAT —
An exhibition, entitled “Wai Alt” piepared entiiely by the Ex hibit Committee of the Uiliveisity’s Student Ait Guild, will be placed on display at Kansas City Mo, fiom Apiil 8 to 11 at the annual Wc&tein Alts Convention, which is a meeting of midwestein art edu catois and museum du ectoi s The exhibit is designed to point out the uses to which ai t is being put at this time by mdustiy -gov ciiiment, and pi ess It is also meant to illustiate the yoluntaiy leactions to wai time ot some leading ailists thiough the medium ot paiutm„ as well as thiough the^iiedia ol plio togiaphy caitoon comiiici eial ait and vinous othci modii employed liy contempoiaiy pietoual louinal ists Eollowing its display in Kansas City the exhibit will be eiiculated among neaiby luial communities High schools, clubs chinches and hbiaiics aic entitled to make use ol the exhibit flee ol chaige Some time in the neai futuie it will be on display in the Union This IS the second exhibit to be piepaieel by the Guild Last fall i display entitled Music In Ait was exhibited in the Music Hall and latci in the Union Pre~Med Students Must Take Aptitude Exams On April 24 Medical Aptitude Ex immations to be given to ill Pie Med students will begin Apiil 21 at 4 p m in the Education Buildin-, it was m nounced yesteiday by Dean Emleis head ol the Science School This test IS compulsoiy foi all students who plan to entei a med ical school the lattei pait of this Ol next yeai Those who wish to take the test on Apiil 24 may sign up in the main office in Stanley Coultoi Hall In accoi dance with the gencia! speed up policy foi medical schools thi United States Sui^oon Geneial has made a i ulmg that medical stu dents can apply loi a socon 1 lieu tenants commission in the medic il coips of the limy oi as Ensign H V (P) 111 the Navy Dean Eiidcis stated that these commissions iie iviilable to any pic med student who is accepted lor admission to an aiipiovid med ical school yiininiHiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiifii iiiiiiiiiiiiiifiiiiiii j i PRirNDIY sntVUE I = Boluh (I = = G IS uul Oil = I T. & R. OIL CO., IiK . I iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiijiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiir
FRIDAY 9 65 News 10 10 The Cinio Man 10 15 Morning Melodies 10 46 Theatie of Song 10 66 News 11 00 “Woild Histoiy Since 1914' with Pi of Eiank Hall 11 60 Piudue News 11 66 News 12 00 Agncultuial Eoi uin 12 20 Meet the B ind 12 66 News 1 00 Souveniis 1 oO Bettei Vision 1 45 Miikcts 1 66 News 2 00 Stoiy i Diy 2 16 Tici&uiy Stai Pai idt 2 oO Mis C W llemniei -pimist 2 55 News 00 Sped il Rlusical Senes Jet ioison High School ^ ,0 Maijoiie Willi imson—sin.,ci s 45 Ml sic ■1 66 News 4 00 To i Time 1 lines 1 10 Ml A P Slew Ills Music Ol ganiz itioiis 4 16 The Cui lo M m 4 o5 News 5 00 Campus Rouiidt ibli 6 30 Vcspeis 6 15 I ittle Miss Mullett 5 66 News 6 00 Dinnei IIoiii r 90 Spoils Pevicvv with PRY b 46 Next Woo 1 at Pm due () 66 News 7 00 Latiyette little The iti c 7 90 Albeit i Sihmadcl—siii^ei 7 45 Music 7 66 Nows 8 00 P I A I oiuni 8 10 Russ Cl ielml7—in uiist 8 16 Eventide 1 dims 9 00 Music in i 9 65 Nows
Today - Saturday AYIUIK..„ BURMA Rilt) LARAINE DAY > BARRY NELSON ^^UART CRAWFORD • KEYE LUKE
EXTRA' FEATURETTc' "Cavalcade of Aviafion" Th" Vivid Slory Of Aviition From The Wrighl Bros To The Flying Tortressos
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Lovely vs 1 jungle Orchid Deadly As A Tigress' For Her Men Had To Die! "SINGAPORE WOMAN" wirh BRENDA MARSHALL DAVID ORUCr
PLUS
DOOMED TO DIE' An Innocenl- Man Waits His Doom While The Real Killer Drings A Toast To The Murder' "TODAY B HANG" wi! h WALTER WOOLF KING MONA BARRIE WILLIAM FARNUM
DR PAUL A
RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD )
RISK
— DENTISTS
—
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Main St
Lafayette — ——'y
LUMA TODAY - SAT 2 HltS 1,000 Jungle Thrills! TIrQDLICEHS (ELEAS NG CaRPOftAl ON
No vv(’i( not (I III MM mil lint Ml do know von II In In kli d MIIIII vou s( I how lingirl ind loloiliil Siiitioiii < l< iiiiiig 111 iki s Mini dll SSI s Yon mi SiniloiK pi IK II all s lo ill! VIIV III n I ol ill! I dn II, ( oiiMiig oiil (viii pm Ink ol dm and gi 11111 ginliv hill insiHli iiilv iI von ml von i lolhi h lo ki i p ih It Ml w liki spiikh ihi In si III 1 s S iiiitoniff 1
^ V /
V/j
,L rt
'^# ■‘t
Sk. ^ ^ i jn m i iiH ' ii[ 4ii A i ^ m. £ m poaches Gather For 11th Annual ^.. j
Fehring Shifts Lineup j I H i ^’> „j#’|T^ ‘i ? ) %: 11 v J y I K f fm m w«b«b m
Wi’^ ^an ahtfost ^'^etitirfily ic
vamped lineup scheduled to take the will pi obably be seeing plenty of ac field, Cogpl). Dutch jF0hiing’3 Rivt tion in the next week oi two
Otei baseball team will tangle with the 1 tigged Wabash nine this aftei noon ip them ipitial hopic appeal ance of the season A double hoadei between the s^me two squads to moriow wil} wind up the senes o±
Einie Young, leading Rivetei hit tei in Big Ten competition last year, has been shifted fiom catchei to thud bqse ip an effoit to get iiiOie punch in the Boileimakei attack
, , , El me pounded the ball at a 371
pi actlce games which this year aie ,,,p
Exponent
♦ ♦ o P CJ
IRTS..
Friday, April 3, 1942 ..a,. a <ai nay iT.»,........
Page 3
^ V . ^
Foothall Cliii tf M ^ ^ ^ f4t -A Isbell/ Hutson, Pack#. StarS/ Honored At Clink
to be among the top inpn in the con feience in the pie''ent campaign Walton, a poweifiil, long hitting senior will take ovti Youngs old
taking the ^lace of the legulai
gouthpin tiaiping tiip Two Left In Lineup
’^olloU'lng the 8 to 2 licking le
ceived by the Boilei makers at the position
hands of the St Joe slug^eis Wed gt Toe Has Good Club nesday aftei noon, Fehring has an Wednesday Feb nounced that with the Exception ot ^ ^ Bill Buighardt at shoil* and Bob piaymg undei tbeir belts met Riley m nght field new men Will ^ gt Joe aggiegation which each be tiled out in this first game ol y^^j ^ most pow-
the Wabash senes
In all piobability Walt Cook Flank Fieihexi and Paul Petiick—
eiful collegiate nines in the middle west The Puma squad this yeai piomises to be one of the finest in
all inexpeiienced as fai as actual the little school s histoiy As a mat
hurling IS concerned-will ^^le^the weic on hand fo; the openei with
Ci^und. (s)cdt)i}i, {BujchsL v> ^ J* JSift, 4 ^ ^ /-J, —With— ) . . . Ted Clark . . .
Prexy Is Versatile—He^'U Be Starfiivg Pitcher Against The Irish
Trackmen Continue Workouts For Meet With Michigan Jjtate
Tennis Team Drills For Opening Match With Butler Sguad
Some 300 football coaches llte^
numerous colleges and high setuMti^ m the Midwest will gather irt t!r«
Boilermaker Pieldhoase this
mg to take part in the eievehtb afe^ nual "Purdue Football Clinic" which IS to hold forth till the final whistle ol the exhibition contest between two picked Boilermaker elevens tomorrow afternoon in Ross Arfe Sta-
dium , Amofig the notables who will be
Ihe Riveter tiack squad con tinned its piepaiation foi the initial oiitdooi meet of the season yestei day on the Stadium cmdeis Fa
pitching assignment foi the Riv
eteis Cook saw plenty of action thcRivcteis
last yeai at shoitstop but pi 101 to this season has never made an ap
peaiance on the rhound McFerren Works Out
A veiy welcome sight yestei diy afternoon wis the ictuin to nm toim ot little Hairy McFeiien last ycai’s most valuable playei Hairy IS still taking it easy following a lecent appendicitis operation but
TWENTY YEARS AGO Piesident Elliott threw out the fiist ball
as Notre Dame beat Purdue s baseball team 4 0 on old Stuait Field The Spartans Boast Strong Team The Riveteis on the whole had day before he had been named President by the boaid of Trustees
a ease of jitteis m this clash with
the Pumas Howcvli most of the THIS SEEMINGLY MINOR item has moio 1 elation to jou and I and
With then fiist match with But lei but a week away Coach Larry
LaBiee’s tennis team is woiking at a part of this Midwest, pre-scasotlf top speed in an effoit to get into classic for coaches is the fgtng^ shape The Riveters will engage the passing combination of Cecil Bulldogs in the Butlei Fieldhouse and Don Hutson, who hold praitiat Indianapolis, Friday Apiil 10 cally eveiy passing record in pro* File Men Read} fessional football; Major John Li Thus fax Coach LaBiee has five Giiffith, commissioner of Big Teti men leady to stait but is ^till in athletics. Coach Bob Nulf of North doubt about a sixth man Ray Side Ft Wayne, Indiana, and Doc
voied at last with a diy tiack the Lucht, captain and veteian of last Miller, Lon Mann and prexy EUioft Phillipsmen aie beginning to lound yeai, and Eddie Wells sophomoie, of this Institution into shape foi their fiist test with will be paiied as the numbei one Speakers On Program Michigan State’s powerful aggie doublesteam Wells is a newcomei The activities are scheduled to get gation which is scheduled to play repoited for piactiee undei way at nine this morRittl^ host to the Boilei makers Satui day playing on the squash team with registration Following tliii
all wintei necessity, comes the showing of Last yeai’s combination of Dick football pictures and a talk on “BeStetlei and Gus Armstrong will ception in Football” by Charles again be the mimbei two doubles Baer, Lew Wallace of Gary, the teteam Another man has to be found maindei of the morning session fe to pail off with Dudzinski Daley to be taken up by Paul Jeltkms, Male
Michigan State, victoi of the Illi nois Tech Relays, boasts seveial capable individual peifoimeis
...V, ^ 1 luciu iicio luidnuii Lu iULi uiju i anu 4 ^ - — ro pail on witn uuuzinsKi uaiey to be taxen up ny raui jengins, maie playcis weie hitting the ball on the the piesent than it appeals to have for come Tuesday afternoon histoiy ^ilnei, one of the outstanding high Bond are both possibilities foi High School, Louisville, Kentoeky
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Book Store
AcroBs 1 roin TJt i n ' Red SamaioiiB 29 Doc Fpple 40
line which is an indication that bet tei days aie ahead as fai as.Boil ei makei victoiies aic concerned Paul Fiiend sophomoie center fieldei got the piize hit of the aft Cl noon with a diive to deep left field that bi ought m both Rivetei maik
will lepeat itself and Piexy vili officially open the Boileimakei base ball season by throwing the fiist ball to his catchei/Piof Flank Hock ema Red Mackey populai and eneigetic itMetic diiectoi will be the
battei
^ump artists, and Scott, a^milm who ^.j^g position but poach LaBiee is who is to speak on "Offensive StMftUoo .V, A irr e MaWi, BnileMnsfeer
has turned m seveial 4 17 perfoim sure which of them he will use ances State also has a pan of pole s^u^d Will Lose Captain
vaulters who have cleaied thirteen
feet
The piobablc stftitmg lineup fm today s clash will be as follows Burghaidt, ss Buigei, 2b, Walton c Young Ib Keisey cf, Riley if. Rush If Emeison lb
NATURALLY, PREXY HAS NOT divulged whcthei he will thiow a last ball cuive oi change oi pace ball Mackey will have only one op poitunity to hit the bill so cveiything will lely on the kind ot ‘stuff
Piexy puts on the hoisehide
EASTER FASHIONS
We
Smooth Slacks
for summer at s^l.98 up also have a
large
selection of sport coats.
Sport Shirts with 2-way collars at $1.48 up
Reliable Clothing Co.
22-1 Mam Si,
I II Hi f l(>llim;>r Siom* AdOSfl I cvee
Don Kemp s 3 11 time in the thiee quaitei distance made last Wed nesday, and is counting on Kemp as a point gettei The field events
THE ADMINISTRATIVE BATTERY will pnclicc Joi the openei in stiengthened by the ad the ricldhouse in stiictest seciccy freshman stand
out of last season, m the shot put Phillips believed most of the Boil ei makei s’ points will be chalked up 111 the distance events while Wegk nesses still pievail in the pole
vault shot put and discus In addition to being ihe ciucial
senes with possession ot the tarn ous Little Blown Jug at stake foi the Riveteis it will also be the
Aftei May 3, which is not even the half way point of the season.
Coach Phillips was pleased with theie will be anothei hole in the
sqjiad due to the loss of Captain Ray Lncht, giaduating senioi
WE HAD THE GOOD PORIUNP to talk to Piesident Elliott about baseball vesterd.i} and tound him an irdtiit fan He le tailed the time that he stood on the mound ot old Stuart Field 20 yeais ago and tossed the ball towiid home plate where is now located the paiking lot between the \dmimslra(ioii build
mg and Stanley Coultei Hall
PREXY SHOWED us tlie veiy bill th it ht used in th it Notie Dime game a scoie ot yeais ago and it seems in excellent shape still His name the date and the scoie of the game are w ntten on the covei The fact thai Piexy has pieseived that ball in his desk attests to his inteiest in biseball AND he will vise that same bill of 1922 vintage to open the 1942 seison 4 SINCE THE BALL HAS been vised beJoie and since Piexy and Hock ema will hive some piactice while Mackey is too confident to bothei with piepaiation, the advantage is definitely in tavoi of the Pitchei ANOTHER THING we noticed which should have some bear ing on the situation The ball has a National League seal on it you know what that meafts The senior circuit has long been
Have a 'Casual Tip‘ it's
beautiful Easter Legs! More than ever it takes beautiful, perfect fitting stockings to complete the pretty picture you 11 wint to mike on Eistei morning So ask for our fimous Stockings' They reactviilleg sizes notonlygruluitevlinlengthbatindi viduilly sized for the shape of }oui legs Brei for smill legs . Mciz/r/e for middling legs D/zc^ciV for t ill legs Classic for plump legs . . . assure smooth flattciy in every texture Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in all leg sizes $1.35 to $1.65 pair Thieme & Wangerin ri2P-B2fi Main Struul
egy,
trainei, who will speak on “Train-
ing Techniques ”
Beiaiie Witucki, coach of Wa^bington High School, South Bond, Indiana, staits the aftei noon s®9si0*i ol the clinic With a discussi©h ©f “Defensive Strategy”, Di S J Mftlei, Boilermaker team physiciRai fallows Coach Witueki’s discasmrfiA with a senes of remarks entitled'‘A Doctoi Looks at Football ”
Isbell, Hutson Next
Next on the legulai piogram for the afternoon comes the highlight of the clinic a discussion and-dem-onstiation ol “Forward Passing” by the most famous passing cOmbinatioii of the eia, Cecil Isbell, •exBoileimakei giid star and Don Hatson This combination holds practically eveiy passing lecord on the pi o football recoi ds, and to augment this honoi, Hutson was last ©eaSOn named the most valuable player in the National Piofessional Poolhatt League These lads come from Gieen Bay Packers, the bunch slipped the Beais the Mickey Tbegi^ demonstiations by Isbell and Hajsson will be given in Ross Ade Stadium, as will all othei demohstta-
* tions of technique
NEVERTHELESS, MUCH SPECULATION is cuculating aiovind the Following the instruction ^ campus about who will win this battle ot the hittei and pitchei Despite passing duo^ tactics
all ol the obvious things in Pi exy s lavoi Mackey has his staunch Sup poitcis Howevti this snectatoi thinks they aie all neglecting Piank Hockenn foi evoiyone knows that the catchei gives signals to the pitch ei foi each dehveiy and isn t the catchei attei ill the biains of the team ’
Five Remain In Union Biiliards Tournament Billiaid loom m the Union is sponsoiing a Handicap touinaraent of Stiaight Rail Bilhaids, with a staiting list of twent} foiii Univei
sity students
Nineteen of the staiteis weie eliminated by last night, and the lemaming five will stait a lound
lobm
The lemainmg plaveis and then
bical in the two up deadlock in handicaps aie John Blanton 40 the four game senes with Michigan R F Paikei 30 E M Golonka 30 State John Man 50 and R A Dovei 25 called the dead ball league’ the}’ve been called that bv the Amencan League in particular ot course HOWEVER BE THAT as it may Mackey will pi obably not hit the National League dead ball veiy fai and stands a good chance ot being thiovvn out at fiist base even it he does connect
WE CALLED ill ot the ‘20 yeais jesteiday and today’ coincidences to Piexy s attention as we left and he leplied that the only change would bo that we will beat the Insh 4 0
Hail’s PloLc so HANDY
POPCORN Gallon 15c BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream Pint 20c Olher flavors 17e pinf
Two can live as cheaply as onel That is—two shirts. The reason is that the two shirts are one. Arrow Doubler is the name ami It’s a sports shut and a dress shut accoiding to yoiu fancy. This ingenious shut, invented hv iViiow, lb now one of the favoiiles of U. S tarnpuses Labeled Sanloiizcd — guaianletd not to sluink even See it today !
DEWENTER’S
418 Mam Street
mation fundamentals, mstruetrOb in single wmgback plays, and man football tundanientals WiH b© taken up by Henry Bogufe, Washington High School, Indianapolis* D 0 Howaid, Central oi Evaobville and Alvin Franklin, ftockVilie;
Indiana, lespectively Evening Program
Activities foi the evening will be in the toim of a banquet with ville Hook, President of the Indiana Coaches Association aeting As toastmaster Piesident EUiott give a welcoming adtU’ess, follcwr^ by Majm John E Griffith, eOmmisv sionei of Big Ten athletics, who also is the piincipal speaker foi the ge-
ning
The lemaindei of the ev«mnt.’s piogiam will be filled by a -reuttd table discussion among the ceftehte led by Coach Bob Nulf, of I^oWih Side, Ft Wayne. The officials tending will take this opp^rtunfit^ to join in a discussion of theu owtu Six Man Football Continuing activities to Saturday moi mng the new session begins at 8 45 with a talk on “Six Mam Football by Alvin Fianklin, RockvlU©, Indiini D 0 Howard of ContlAl High School, Evansville continues pioeeeding-s with a discourse on Single Wing Offensive”, followed by the final bit ot instiuction #<«■ the morning session by Burt Ingwtisen, Imt coach of Northwestetlt conctinmg “Line Play ” The finale to the dime will be a tootball game played by two picked teams of Boilei maker griddeis that 1, scheduled to come oft at two ih the Stadium The teams will each stick to i ccitiin tvpe ot offensive, the Bl icks will use the T foimd* tion ind the Golds will use single v\in^ oftense
IM Schedules The tolkw ng legulai baseball lints will be playeti Fiiday eveiiig at 1 lo Diarntbld
Caiv Hill 1 vs Caiy Hall 6 Caiv Hall 2 vs Caiy H»H 7 Caiy Hall J vs Caty Hall 13 Caiy Hall 4 vs Caiy Hall 10 Caiv Hall 5 vs Caiy Hall 14 Cuy Hall 11 vs Caiy Hall 0 Caiy Hall 12 vs Caiy Hall 8 Wind 25 vs Wald 3 Waul 24 vs Wald 3b Waid 32 vs Ward 28
4 A 7 5 » JO3^517 w ' <^5 I ^ ^
*
!’ '!<■<»»,'^iRiM f fi r , '■fj, "i if ’ \
•* r‘ ‘\
Purilue Exponent
" h i ^ ^ ^ ^ ^/
Friday9 Xpril 3, 1042
•MHlItHMl
ATO Frai'ernity Lisfs N«w Inil-iates^ Officers Alpha Tail Omepa. '^oc^a] fiatcinity, announces the election of the foUowihp: otficeis Wallace ^^ (Jaidnei, piesulent, M’llhani C Millei, cl'iplain, Leo M Stettenhen/, ‘-tiiet.nj, Ailinu Cobuin, leioiclei, John JI. Rot/ sentiml and rhailcs R Bassett, ushti New initiates an as to'lows loliii A Stciii, Somli R.s 1(1(11,1 i Ilf Haloid M l.nloi, IMuikk, I’l t( 1 lloh il' Ills, L ,f i\ i. tti, t .111 V \'otil\ (ollins\iiie li' , Ji liii P Will Ruii'idt 111, Ritnaid L tl non L. 1 111 Ion Ohio, 1 nlm R !( nil 111 ‘^in til Bend 1 linn L Keiii, Miwvood, 111 , Otto L llii ill, Indian ipijilis. Pud l\i Sclinai hit, I i' i\ itli , )..ini s r Cl an , Indianapolis, Rich'id \\ lliiisih E\ iismIIi, ind Rohiil \\ ( iKSlniilt, Indi.iii ipo’is
Owen
Banquet
(( out null d fi 0111 pa f i 1) than an tit iteional lonttsts in th It tht\ Mill III nil! id on thin ahilitt to put on I tw'intt inimitt show “t-hoiKid lull of iiitiit.iin inent ” Must Present \ Sliow ‘It thiv Min the icuion.il ton tist,” Ml Owen wont on to say, “it IS oliMous that they can sinu Theiefoie the idea is to put on a show They can stand on then heads if they do a good job and keep the audience awake” In othei woids the finals will be judged almost entiiely on showmanship These peifonnances will be staged m some laige auditoiium such as Cainegie Hall 01 the Metiopolitan Opcia House befoie an audience of glee club fancieis This whole idea, which was oiig mated by Fied Wai mg InmscH is definitely tiaeeablo to his lovt loi glee clubs and his vaiious activities in this line, accoiding to Owen Last yeai he spiiit a gioat pint ol his spaie time in teaching the vaiious high school musical oi ganizations in and about Nc\ Yoik his new and stieamhned methods Now his mam desno is to sic this glee club contest liecomc a big sue cess Personnel Notes If ,inV ‘-inioi is ndiii'-lcd in ni intiiMiN with nn ol llu Jollownig lonip mil Cl nii'lctc oiu ol tl i 'cl low ‘ l! ipiist ioi IntiiMiw iiid' i '-npidi ol winch i-- in \oui s. hool 1 11 ici 'r oil M ill hi llotilu (I hi i ii d fioiii flic I’cisonnil Office whin to '-itudiilc in iiiteiviiM I.eeds anti Norfhitip (o, Phila I’clplna, Jki MK Sign up in Pci '■oiiml Office btftpc 'Jlunsdax, Apiil 9 Bell Aircralf f orp , Buflalo, N Y Apiil If) ME Sign in Pcisonncl Office befoie Apiil 15 Illinois Tool M orks, 2501 N Keelci Avenue, Chicago, 111 M E Soph omoics and juiiiois inteicsted m De---ign, loi summei woik SigninPcisonnel Office befoie 10 am Tiicsdaj, Apiil 7 Inland IVlfg Dmsion ol G\1C, Dayton Ohio M E Api il 7 Sign in Peisonncl Ofhet befoie 10 a m Monday, Apiil () Employers Mutual Liabilitj Insurance Company of Mbsconsm, In tlianapolis, Indiana Coming Apiil 9 Anyone intciestcd schedule an intcivicyy m Peisonncl Office bcloic 10 a in Aj)! il k A icpieseiitative of the Ameiican Yii lines Company yyill \isit the 1 aiiijius on Thill sdaj, Ajnil 2 Come to thi Peisonncl Office md sign loi inintciviiiv VV'aiifs to SCI Mcili.iii ical Engincc i s Pratt A V\ hitney \irtraft. East ILutfoid Conn Sophomoic and Juiiioi Meehan c il, Aci on lutic il and Indiisinal Eriginccis Joi sum mer work Sign in Piisonncl Ollici imrnciiiati h EUitiic Put natc t o Silcni Ohio ( oiniiig \piil 1 M E .mil E E iiliy icallj unfit foi militaij <-tiyict Sign in Peisonncl Office immidi atcl>
(Continued fiom page 1) El ick John Claik, Meilc Keck, Josephine Stong.and Betty Gi.iy wcii giy i n ton ay\ ai ds foi the \ cai s ]ki - 101 malices m d' niatt'c-. A ide fioii i'll puscidifiin of mci Its 1111,1 citations dui in t''e ba'i (|Uit th' pill I 1111 iiuluiid scMial diiinafic s) it, liom tin sta,,i ol till ' ill ( ipit ili/in on MU p o 1 im flu I) IK 1 1 1 idi 1 1 (Id I III IM o I 111 1 lid nd i Dili f in ir t lals nil 111 11 it (id s I tl nci • foi pdf' y 10 it ions in ii' i d flu II uK|Ui f I 1 011 I 111 \ii 1 ml w ii - di iis pi >i i d olli mil I III , II nil pi i y is, d ' lid hoi i
\ii Raul
/ noil III I 111! yya s| , (,| \\ itli siiins s i( unin , lionih Inn ling, .mil a Ida 'unit i n iiHiii'' tin b in M Ilf hall Addin, fo the yy ii niotil diliiisc t< inp iiookkts incltidm'g <1 t n cent stamp yyiic crnloscd in flu ino„iinis C.ioi')i' /issis cmhii issid m mv t iciilfy nu mill Is in tin .mnuil lie uny 1 // aw .lid edition ol the banquil, and ]{ W Di'Iailais spoctli li ]) II t nent nil mliei, i cf iliatcd yy ith student la// aw .nils Tub it c y\as giycii loimci .ictnilios membiis yylio .lie noyy sc lying in tlu ii mi d toiccs ol llu United Rl.itis
Pill I amlids llpiiilon' tnrnimit imtinlion knimtiav Apnl 11 il / ji ni in room lOI. ot lilt ( 111 mist i> ISinlilmK , MONIGOMFRY ASrr Moflne is Mond ly Apiil b at - SO p rr in rnnm /fll nf ihi CL tniild in/- inst id (If tiiiliv 11 piiMoisIv iciml d llCUIl I Mill! ri I (idi InslrucO.in Min wtuiqnil rill t III ( 1 p in t li 11 i ind I in i t i 11 I 1 till i I. c I sh ill i nnl itl I 1 Uii I h n I 1 i 11 I I I I . im 111 Ai nini i
aiUlKiIAllI
I ipiininl Siiplininou si ill ye il mini '.s I ..I, t)] t,i)|| hn,lM>i).l in llu oil K ( I . K i I 1 I I u III I nd .. Til I 1 I III mu MIM I RCINI,
I'AI
I np. 11 til
III
yv .In. Ml 1 Ml I IIS Id ,
r iiiintli 1 It n Its nil. I I < Il III
I I h
lOIIMSllN I 111 nils I
ltd < r yy IIiHins ( I It I r 'll. lull r itiiili i i i
I I I* S 1 ail I I in Old I I. K 't Us s ,. I \ yy, „,i A 111 ill it 11-1 \ d II 111 ll 1 I\ II11 I I 11 I u
r nl
m III
Si ilil) nd mil (M/idi tl III n 1 III 111! A I si 111 d w I II ml ill I II ill I ( I lit I AM 1. liM I I I II 1 I
H. N. Clark
ot Cleveland, Ohio, mol yyitli W A Voglei, peisonncl iliiccLoi, heads oi schools, and Umvcisitv of ficials ycstcidav in the conicicnco loom of the Executive Building to discuss mdustiial managcmenl and mdustiial 1 datums
Classified Ads
lypewniers Ad lini Muliiru ill m ikt i ^<1(1 ) t Dt I I ( I til I t I i ) IM ( I i I flltl > il nil I) u ll I 1 < I 1 I I h( n M)) Miiiii I t i\< 11 I h tj( 2 t I StiwUnt I((i|) W uilid I j ini 111 i 1 H i>^ If J !l ''in M !t i 1 i ni ( il lil tl i\ Mi d \ 1 00 (1 ! \ I iMi d \iplj t Mi All u 1 k ( i\ 1! ill S i l!
I t I I It 1 I I ! ^(
III
( hIIioIk Sluilt nts n w 1 It I 1 11 .
I 1 I II 01
Notices
li [i\ 1 (1 1)1 I
A1‘ S( iMoi 1)1 Dll 0< i Wt
A)/ }j i J I)) Odm I< '' (IM 11 Ml n ini Kt I MM M II ( l\
I*A( 1 m I rl It L A] {li S i< I ( I < Il II
) ll V tl
SI ONi
I Ilil ni
I 1 in (lit (IDI I liinilt ] I HIM I in i)DOS« w n n I ll
All Jits III i IS }d( \ D \ M S
Evorylhiii^ foi a ( ollogo Eiliil'iilion BKACrS
( I III plis lie t(
'Vi,! u ult (in (iMiiition Sttfl Milt ) Ml I III is I
M . 1 n ill pi i I I 1 I\
I Ioin C oiiiinit N Vi I I t Mm
(i Dtli H \I I
Ll Ucii i‘i riuii. I in III 1 1
I 0
lui ll 1
'Vl nl i I ) II 1 i m i lint I ( n ] i ri I <11 bt lit btilli 111 nu** Iwo shitN <1 loini i 111 1 1 Ml ll i 1 Is ! li 1 nil 1(1 n ! I Il ( liii IM n U1 1 I ll his d It
W A]SO M
(-1 02 \ (. nditi 1 t 'll in Hij h\s ij C I tl tl n \ ill Ih h 1 i ll 1 HO in il uidi\ Ainil 11 in i tin 200 ol llu (niJ J n^^iru (nnr h ijidinj,, romits Jiom tht t Mill 11 ) Hut must It. pi scntid it tirn ( r tlu Usl PJ 1J \
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St Fine Jeyvelry at Moderate Price -f--f +
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN'S • QUAUTY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE a ^olqHIWfl DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Serve AMERICA ... by Conserving Buy COOD (dollifs . . . hav<‘ llu* (wown (dtaincd liirly! 'Fhal will lon^ta* lil‘(‘ lo )oiir clollu's find rtdease inor<* woolens for (Jo\(‘riinioiil list*. Crown Laundry
'I'oji of the Hill
( u 11 I n ( ' n I II I I ti ni I il I M M D ) kl M A» Vl({ I loi (14 tu I ir S (Ml I s \i I ll it I pi 1 I (fl t
Dn ImIi IV I I IIS i| n 1 I LSI h ( h I o ^ nil 1 \< kSON
W<sfininsUi louiuliDon Mu firnnli Inn uitl h i\ n piilns Mtilil I istt i All 1 1 I t i I k I i lv\ n I ) III t inclii us ML I I IfMU d A U I! 1 1 ll Ml p ll (v is I I iiin 1 iiTMiudiil t\ lilt I I isit I inti i I < 1 u Is I 1 III ri d It I h Mil put cl \| 1 I (1 AUK Siuiue Stniors AM (i ihi ftiiiois who II IV I I < il!( ! It nu (1 u MI tb | i I VM 1< ( iilt lit n I I I II ) s n< I pt ( 1 In do so iiL < lut 1 NDI Its
All S.(u<len(s S u 1 i is uhi (xptil ( (bin I trnm mk s( h il williiii tlu Uiiiviisitv t> mot) I it tb( end ol th pi (ol gBH s IM< st( I u (K is ll t ol t im tin n (( ss II \ I I I nks ll t n I r in 1 h IM ist t n s I Uii SiONP H(iutiatioM WorlitiK Sli 1 nts \slit wisli 1 w ( I 1 I Ml 1 ( Kl isl I M tllM Mil lb< S MM f I 1 t( i IM i ist I ll I f M \ i lid ll X (post d (t Ml ik( i]j|lMitioM it tin K< f 1 (ills 11 u lb with ) I S l Us ( XI f M
UGLY DUCKLING TURNS OUT A BEAUTY!
UNSOPHISTICATEb . . . The story of the ugly duckling who turns out to be a ?wan has a neW version in the person of Donna Reed, latest addition to the screen’s famed Hardy Family, who appears with Lewis Stone, Mickey Rooney and Fay Holden m “The Courtship of Andy Hardy ” Donna trys to vamp Mickey m the new film, but can you imagine Andy Hardy fulling for an unsophisticated gii 1 wearing a hair-nbbon ?
GLAMOROUS . . . Donna soon finds out that if she doesn’t want to be a wallflower, she has got to do something in the way of acquiring that certain oomph And here’s the result! When Andy first takes Donna to a dance, he has to pay his pals to cut in But when he takes the “new” Donna to a second dance, he gets all his money back— and with a little profit on the side Proving you don’t have to be an ugly duckling if you don’t want to be!
I Pledge Allcglaiiee
lb m &
I allegiasiee lo ilu' IJsiUiNi Sialrs of Aitieriea, a nalion "“rooeehiMl in libeidy and d(Nil(‘aled io Use proposition tliat ail men are <‘reat<‘d eipial.” Idle doetrines of Ih d nalion vver<‘ proelaimed ill She I)e4‘jarafion of indi^pendmoNs S<‘~,Sed al Valh^y l'’orge, at (ddS\sSnsrg, at Vm’dnn. I iNou-, one(‘ again, She \aSi4liSy of il . prifiesples have SxMai idiah imigiaS ami mnsS 1h‘ a indi4*at(‘d. (dd hehind \oyi’ eonnSr) — LETS STAME OUT THE AXIS'
HUY
F. S. DEFFIVSE BDMDS jiiiil STAMPS ★ ★★★★★★★★★★★★★