.‘4
KdeDurn To rlay l^ell Tonight
,M . / ' ^ By Becky Caylor his orchestra tvill furnish the music for thp’^Qjipen’s Pah jffellenic formal to be held from 8:30 to 11:30 to,fllg*ht Ih the North and'South ballrooms of the Union, Tickets Volume 55, No. 57" |dr the hirst coed bid formal are on sale in all of the sorority
; Puldue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, December 4, 1942
Residents Of WRH
/ ?||^0hrh; began band leader at a contest for cb||ii^h hi^hh$4hlch was held at the Hotel Sherman in Chicago. ^itk h'(fdllege retruited band, ^—-— —' •-■■■—
Kfe'^lfeed: off with honors ih^'Ohnt^est^nd^^ con^aeti'tP'iplhy. at the world's
Fafh Ih Chicago.
i'ithobufn is from^outh Dakotav ahd he first became ihter;in music when he played a
Cbrhdt'as a hobby. Later on he • -j .. ^ ..i Stiidietl, piano and clarinet at the ^'^^^dents of the
tlpitfetaity of Chicago, where he as- ® seinKled his first band. Winning the f
Vintirf 4. -D V. , campus band at the annual nand'contest crystallized Raeburn s , r, , • , .... • I u i. jx Christmas Formal Dance which will interest m music, and he turned to , . u . .. x- , •i I . be held in the recreational rooms of : i ‘ North and'South Halls. Dancing ^ Bayd bsmooth young outfit offers will begin at 8:30 and continue until ' sweet, and hot ll;30 with the band playing in mus e With equal skill and distinc- South Hall and the music being sent tldh ahd: sakophone solos by Rae- to North Hall by means of a PA
blii'h himself are d popular feature system,
witli the hand; Different .^Atmosphere Featured' fiandsmen A , slightly different atmosphere iial Darwin and Claude “Hey will prevail this year with handEtey” Humphrey have been popular made programs for the dance made With the fans of the band. Darwin by the girls in the halls'. Large wafe formerly with Shep Fields and Christmas trees will decorate each speCialiZe.s in swinging a smooth of the three hall living rooms; and guitar to accompany his vocalizing, frosted, windows, silver stars, holly Claude Humphrey, drummer star bells will lend a Christmas air
f
Will Hiller
Ruth Frier
Bill Burman
Mary K. Gee
Gene Katterjohn
with the band, is one of the authentic swing characters whose musical history can be traced back to the days of Bix Beiderbecke, Louis Armstrong, and other immortals. Humphrey got his start as a music maker bn tho old Mississippi riverboats, and has played with many of the famous swing musicians of the
country.
Raeburn and his orchestra have just completed a successful engagement at the Chez Paree in Chicago. Qr. i. Galloway Talks Ai Sigma Xi Meeting Yesterday evening at Stanley Coulter Hall, Dr. j. J. Galloway, professoh of geology and placontoibgy at Indiana University, spoke uhder the auspices of the University CHapler of Sigma Xi on the subject of “The Story of Petroleum.” , pr. Oalioway’s discussion included the fiiiding'' of petroleum and the futufe of the petroleum industr^i Charts and specimens were used to Illustrate his talk. Dr. Galloway'has,been a teacher at the UniyerBitjr of Columbia for 18 years, but, has been oh the Indiana University, staff since 1931. He acts as 9 a c'onsultaht for major oil com-
pahies.
to the recreation rooms. A dance special will be served to the dancers
at the Wood Hall Grill.
WRH residents are making their own decoration and programs in order to economize to contribute more to the war effort. The dance is strictly formal and is open only to those who have received coed bids. No corsages will be allowed. Formerly* the dance was held in the Union, but since last year, it has
been held in the Halls.
Hawkins To Address ASME Meet Tuesday Next Tuesday evening, T. A. Hawkins will lecture at the regular monthly meeting of the ASME at 7:30 in room 108 in the Mechanical Engineering Building. The lecture will be on “Photography; the Invisible” and yill cover the infi’ared photograpn as applied to mod-
ern research methods.
Hawkins is active in the Army Air Corps research and i.s an expert in heat transfer work. This is to be the last ASME meeting for this
■semester. .
University Shows University To Offer Navy Informs Seniors Announce Seven Champions Women 12 Month Reservists Of Hiller As President
At Fat Stork Show Courses fn AeroE Service Duties
^pril Engineering, Science Graduates There will be an important group hifeeting of all April EngiiibeHiig and Science graduates at 4100 p. m., Tuesday, December S.fih Hboin 108 Of the Mechanical EhgliieeHng Building. W. E.VOGLER Director of Personnel
PE 12 Makeup The final ihakeup session for PE 12 students will be held tomorrow, Saturday, from 1:30 p. m. to 3:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. This will be the last opportunity of the semester to make up absences. —FRANCE
Miss Edith Osswald ... assistant professor of home administration in the home economics school, will take part in the Symposium on Occupations for Women to be held at Oberlin, Ohio, December 4 and 6.
First place in all seven weight classes in the fat Chester White hog competition at the Chicago Market Fat Stock show, war scale modeh of. the International Livestock exposition, went to the University’s porkers. . The champion, barrow in this class with a light-weight and the reserve champion with a heavyweight were both displayed by the University. Its champion pen of barrows won lightvveight and its reserve champion pen award was taken with heavyweights^ Iowa State Takes Duroc In the fat Duroc-Jersey event, Iowa State college virtually swept the field. Both the champion barrow, a heavyweight, and the reserve champion, a medium weight, was shown by Iowa State. In the weight, classes Iowa State ■won six out of the seven firsts with the University winning seventh on barrows of 170 pounds and under 200. A Chicago cattle specialist, R. A. Smith, named the best steer .from among the AbCrdeen-Angus, Hereford arid Shorthorn specimens on display. Exhibitors of 195 steers led their animals into the judging ring yesterday, each with the hope of capturing the grand championship purple ribbon of the show. Interfraternity Coyncil . . i elected the following new officers: Joe Dawson, Alpha Kappa Lambda, president; Jim Dunn, Phi Gamma Delta, vice-president; Pete Schwab, Sigma Nil, treasurer; and Norm Riesen, Alpha Chi Rho, secretary. ,
Encounter
re
eputact will ije the keynote of .S^kinfer-Ginilbt hybrid bas-kB.t’.'-*;lWtbkli eneotinter Tuesday nlgiit libetweeh’. tbe halves of the frbsliiiridb-varsity gaine, with spectki;'||Eii',^'edge formations, breathStatUe of Liberty plays, dmly 'flipping, and bone crushing bodblocks. Coaches Frazer And Knote Named James “Dark Horse” Frazer and Chuck “Punch Drunk” Knote will serve as coaches for their menagerie and are expected to have their satchels filled with instructions oh the latest gridiron strategy for their teams to use. Both teams are in the pink of condition, having cut PEM 18 all week to train at the pop corn shops across town. Members of the organizations can’t decide on what sort of uniforms for their teams to ■wear, some favoring the hoop skirt while others favor bari'els, red flannels, grass skirts, bullet proof vests and mpg'ieian’s capes, while others insist on wearing football uniforms. The result should be most colorful. Bule.s “Restrictive!” Rules of the game are very strict: No hanging from the rafters, no
pulling down the bleachers, ahd no more than five packs of cards in ones money belt, for use in the poker games which always ensue. (The last restriction is j)urely to protect the Reamova who wore skinned a few years ago in a similar tilt by Tony Ippolito, a star fullback and the. real offensive threat of the Gimlet teanij who cleaned four Reamers in a game of poker in the shadows of the backboards.) Gold Peppers Prepare Harriet “The Morgue” Simons will be on harid with an adequate supply of Gold Peppers who will be equipped with stretchers to remove fallen players from the field of combat, while waiting at the sidelines will be the GP pledges ready tp sing “Hail to Old Purdue” right in the fallen one’s face, to help his morale. “Cowboy” Jim Bray,, head line coach for the Reamers, has concocted a vertical pyramid formation to aid in scoring as far as the Reamers are concerned. Hank “Peewee” Taylor, backflrild advisor for th(V Gimlets, has suggested Gimlet suicide fights be formed, the players being catapulted by the stronger
members to the backboards where it will be a simpler matter for them to score. It is to be observed that there "will be much aerial work. Tickets On Sale Tickets for the game are being sold by Gimlets and Reamers and will also be on .sale at the door for 40 cents. ■' The lineup, all of which is due for many changes, was as fpllov/s at press t,ime last night: GIMLETS Position ^ KEAMERS “Killer" ' .‘‘Sloppy .Toe'*. Katterjohn LE Younjifblouf! “Supcrsucls" . “TTer Fuehrer" O’lTriun LT Jackson “Pink Nose" “Simon jiagruc’ Warren LG Clausen “Lief the T..uckU.t5s’ “Ut?auty Quet n’ Erickson C Da'! “FcarleKs" • “Fat Man” Schwab KG >; Humphry “Lil Davy” “Da Bum” Ochiltree KG Salzer “Boomerang” “Wrathful” DuwBon - RE Wiggins "Long Horn” “Five Star” Shinier QB-...; Bartu “Sycamore” “Flaah” Hoskins HH . Boswinklo “Shorty” “Muvnful Moe” Smock HB Utley “Juke Boy” “Sugar Tongue” Chaoman FB WiJcy Both organizations ■will have ori the bench about three full (of guess what) teams as the Gold Pepper stretcher bearers are expected to carry a player off the door about every three sieconds.
One hundred women students will enroll in the University to start a special one year course in engineering February 1, 1943, to equip them for employment with the Curtiss-Wright Aeronautical Corporation. Requirements Announced Notices are being sent to all women students meeting the qualifications set up by Curtiss-Wright which are as follows: eighteen years of, age or over, and two years of college experience with a year of elementary college mathematics included. Anyone eligible who- does not receive a notice may go to the office of the Dean of Woirieli or the Placement Service for Women for further information. * ' A representative will be on the campus the middle of this month to interview all women students who are interested in this engineering opportunity for women, and to answer any questions. Offers Two Major Courses Curtiss-Wright is offering two major courses, one in the Airframe division and the other on Propellor division. Each course will .consists of two consecutive. semesters of approximately five months each and will include mathematics, elementary engineering, physics, chemistry, applied mechanics, mechanical (See CURTIS-WRIGHT, page 4) General Electric Offers 5-Day Course In X-ray Technique Dean Glen L. Jenkins of the • Pharmacy school has announced that a special five-day course in “Operative X-ray Technique” will be given on the campus during the week of December 7 to 11.. The cour.se is being offered by the Gen,eral Electric X-ray Corporation of Chicago which is .sending J. F. Roderick of the Technical Service Department to take charge of the
work.
Inactive Training Indiana technicians and others who are qualified will be allowed to take this inactive training, the purpose of which is to present methods of getting results from equipment on hand. This will enable the technician to be of greatest service to tire diagnosing physician, although no instruction will be given in Xray diagnosis or therapy. The course will offer an opportunity to evaluate new developments in tubes, films, dark room supplies, and various other accessory devices do.signed to facilitate and improve the quality of radiographic work. Two classes will be held each day from 2 until. 5 p. m. and from 7 until 9:30 p. m. Further information may be obtained at the main',office in the School of Pharmacy. C. Staty Woods ... General Secretary of the Inter-Varsity Christian Fellowship, .will speak here tomorrow afternoon and evening at the Varsity Christian Fellowship Conference to bo held in the Union.
Meeting called last Tuesday night by Dean Knapp for the Naval, Coast Guard and Marine Reservists as an experimental type, is the first in a series of such meetings suggested by the students to learn something of the job that they will be required to do when (they get into service. Lieutenant Tweedle, from the Northwestern ihdoctrinatkm.-school, and Lieutenant Junior Grade Johnston, from the Notre Dame school, spoke to the assemblage of nearly one hundred students on their personal experiences in the navy and •especially their trials and* tribulations at indoctrination school. The featured classes at these .schools were in naval regulations, ordnance, gunnery, seamanship, navigation, drill, calisthentics, riflery and gas mask drill. One of the main ideas of these courses was to teach the new officers exactly what the enlisted n\an is up against. .4.t the end of the training period exams were given in naval regulations and ordnance. The men attending were mostly engineers or college men with specialized training. These men, when their schooling was completed, were shipped to all parts of the country and many to active duty on the high
seas.
In closing; Dean Knapp asked that all reservists who have not signed the pink forms in his office giving names, address, telephone, etc., please do so at their earliest convenience.
All Seniors Anyone desiring or requesting extra seats for graduation on December 20, see R. W. Hardin in the Student Senate office between the hours of 4-5. .
Gene Katterjohn, Bill Purman, Ryth Frier, Mary L. Gee Receive Jobs At their annual banquet Wednesday night, the Student Union’s outgoing seniors made known their selections .for new officers in the organization. Wilbur Hiller will succeed Ralph Deuster as president. Hiller is a member of Beta Theta Pi
fraternity and active in Gimlets.
Serving under Hiller on the senior board are Gene Katterjohn, executive, a member of Phil Delta Theta, Gimlets and —^ :—' . ' - . —. Kappa Psi pharmacy hondi’-
ary; Bill Purrnan, activities chairman. Phi Gamma Delta, Pi Tail Sigma, Tau Beta Pi and Gimlets; Ruth Frier, coed executive, Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and Gold Peppers; Mary K. Gee, coed Activities chairman, Chi Omega sorority and Gold
Peppers.
Elect Eight Juniors Eight men and one coed fill the roster for next semester’s st::iT of junior vice-presidents. They ;i '.e John Woolling, Bob Stalling'.^*^, J.iiv. Stallings, Doug Smith, Paul Blakely, Dick Collister, Jim Craig; Chap-, ton Pingry and Kathleen Gannon. Due to the present accelerated schedule, the juniors are elected for one semester only and may be called up for re-election next April. Executive Duties The vice-presidents will be directly in charge of the various Stildcnt Union committees of Publicity, Personnel, Music Room, Teas arid Re-. ceptions. Recreation,- Browsing Room, Puttering Shops, and Defense and Red Cross. Mary K. Gee’s position as senior coed activities chairman has boon newly created this year due to t’ue increasingly impoi-tant role coeds are expected to play in student activities. Par^ of the new job will consist in belping to stimulate coed activity in thewvar effort. (See STUDENT UNION, page 4) ,
Student Committee Investigates Rules For 1A Selectees Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee has found by inquiry that a selectee cannot be inducted for a minimum of 20 days from the date of mailing of his l-\ classification card. This classification does not take place until a registrant has had his preliminary physical which is mostly a blood
test.
The procedure in detail is this: 1. Registrant’s case opened by board. 2. Registrant ordered in for physical if tentative class 1 A. 3. Board classifies registrant, consideririg any additional infoi'mation that may have been sent in. 4. lA classification card mailed. A ten day appeal period is allowed from date of mailing. 6. Induction papers sent out. These must allow registrant ten days’ notice but may bo sent out more than ten days in advance. 6. Registrant proceeds to induction station for army physical. 7. Registrant inducted or rejected. 8. Returned home for one week furlough as enlisted reservist., 9. Transported to camp.
Tomorrow-Not Tonight,
Alvino Rey Convoy Mixer Commemorates Jap Attack
Alvino Rey, his orchestra and the four King Sisters will appear on the campus for a convo and mixer this Saturday night and not Friday as was erroneously stated in yes-
The tickets printed for the Alviiio Rey Mixer were dated Friday, December 4, instead of Saturday, Dec. 5. These tickets will be honored at the door Saturday night.
terday’s Exponent. Both the convo and the mixer will be in commemoration of the attack on Pearl Harbor, and war stamp tickets will be required for adnjission. “Stamp Tickets” Required Upon the purchase of fifty cents in war stamps at the booth in front of the Sweet Shop, the regsistrar’s office, or the Cai'y Hall post office, the purchaser will receive a “Stamp Ticket” which he can present at
the convo and the mixer for admission. One ticket will be required for each person attending. These tickets will ajse be on sale at the door of the Music'Hall during the convocation. Rey and his “singing guitar” rose to fame several years ago when, with his instrument, he provitled the backgrountl style for Horace Heidt and his orchestra. Breaking avyay from Heidt two, years ago, Alvino Rey formed his own band and immediately became a name band in the East, getting his start at New Jersey’s Rustic Cabin. King Sisters Following the formation of his band, Rey engaged the popular King sisters as an added attraction. The four attractive girls have turned out many exceptional records with the band, such as “Nightie-Night” and .“Idaho,” which
aided in putting the organization up among the leaders in the popular field. The convocation begins at 7 p. in. and will’ last until 8. Due to the nature of the program, all men in
Fpr the convenience of students who wish to go to the Alvino Key Convo. the Student Union uunuunces that the War Stamp Booth in front of the Sweet Shop will be open tomor--row afternoon from 2 to 4. 'To avoid last minute rush and confusion buy your tickets before the Convo.
uniform will be admitted-free of charge. The mixer will begin at 8:30 and will require the regular $1.10 mixer ticket plus the fifty cent war stamp ticket for admission.Purdue Exponent Friday, December’4, 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 sports, Flcldhouse, Phone 2792 Eclil’orial Phone After 10 p. m>, 5377
I'i!i(ai--i;i-(!'.i('f . News l-dVtnr ^•ppne’r^: N'lilor ,. SpnrS's K(iitt>i', i-{!‘'.'‘u-e5 M:inafrcr recil Kdilor
... John F. Atnnx Don 7. Brophy ..John H. Armptrhne .;...".Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gjemre Alice ChalBcId
Publication Staff
Assnc’alc Editors i::<i;iorinl stafr: I). W. Ochciltrec, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Ralcrt, r. K.. Hutr. \V. C. Hoskins. K. W. Boswinklo, K. Roqucmorc,
.
h'porls .SlatT; I). E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. ( toil .SJalT: y.ally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lnuer, Elaine Business Staff ( /■ il lUisin-es ManaRcr: lulia Marlin. / Aeveriisine ManaKcrs: .1. M. Wright, D, E. Johnson, Ji Petty. ( ir; nlolliin J'J.Tnngcr : (!. H. ICIoumnn. rriaimeer: Trena Torrciiga. - , ,!o:i.iir ('(ii,-! Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Kcim. The Purdue Independent
( Oc.'l
•r-in*('hiof ifi:inr l‘iditor ifss MiinnRfr hMiior r(:'!)i‘r Mnnaffcr.. «:n;s i'.hinakMT iiaito:! Managrcr. .
Dave ISaHa Ed Hurhphrey ......Elwin W.elbaam . ..Roberta Kessler Scoil Drown George I*ti|rte ..Harold Hendrieks
Staff For This Issue : Uirlinrdfion . Iseuo Editor: Stephenson r'’i,:«s . Sports Editor: Brewer Wiilfur. Caylor. Hudson, Hahn, Mniin, Porter,
M ( ninl class matter nt the post office in Lafoy;a. iiiHlt r the act of Congress of 'March 3, 18'?,9, siu'i’inl rate fff postage provided for in section 3. 1917, authorized sJahiiary 20, 1922. n Tmsdny, Thur.sday. Friday and Sunday mornings y; ai- Holivcred locally by carrier for $1.76 for a for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a Jho;">0 for two BcrheSters. iu>t;T; mailed sUbscrlptibn $1;50. ttd for national advertising by FJational Adveriifi- •, Inc.. College Publishers ReprcseftUtives, 420 ,-o.. New York, N. Y.
Cooperation Is Needed. .
(.'hr
ti
'hei! the announcement was made that stu-
s were granted a longer vacation at a provision was .included that . ])!(rtation facilities would have to be adee i'or tlie plan’s success. Transportation
ials in Lafayette have given assurance
adequate facilities are practically a cer-
ty, but they added that the lack of com-
and convenience for ti’avellers might de-
j) into a .serious problem if pz'ecautions are
unit Ilia lair fori v; K
nrl taken.
e
tm R», U S C.l on
GRIN AND BEAR g
By Liclity
Added to, the abnormal transpox’tation Ira in ahva a-; prevalent at Christmas tiftie ill be thu efj'ects of traveling service men, !: irur xpiess service and the movement of htaisand. of people w^ho would normally ride ) ];!'ivafe automobiles, no-VP ruled out by gas e.iioning and the rubber shortage. Buses and ; ain.s will naturally be crowded as they never ,■; ! 0 before. Every bus and every railroad car ,'iji i.t»;eessarily have to be used where it is e.’-ded most for the handling of crowds conmi ie?,hiy and efficiently. i lie survey now being conducted by the Stue;i1 Senate and the Exponent was organized ; response to an appeal by the transportation onipanics for information regading the strain n their facilities during the rush on and rhnnd December 22, when classes will be dismissed for the Christmas recess. Only if an ee u rat e account of the schedule by which stu:ni ‘- al e leaving Lafayette is given, can the aibviad.s and bus lines properly handle the sixlit.msard students that are leaving. iiad a.nd bus service companies have stated 'i:‘i file information will be invaluable in ar-no-ins- tor equipment of proper capacity. 'I !i< ur'. ey will be eiToneous and relatively 0- •!( s,,, liowever, without 100 per cent cboper- ‘ 0:11 from the .student body. And, if The railcar'- ar'' not provided with the information, asi: nt -wiii add to their discomfort and ina ' ■ jei; in getting home. There is even a -ji/.ii!y that many students will be unable c A-;,fi transportation.. . ny, ; - si'o yourself a inde home with the ' IS' i.-(’uble and di.scomfort, make suVe that -fin- I ra'cd information reaches, the Studept i n ab' on the que.stionnaire printed pn.page4 : i odayfs Exponent or on one of the questional- s that the Senate has already .distfib-.trd.-—s.b.w. ' ' ■ w.,
Fh i:
am
.'omuriovv night i.s bargain night. Alvino L v .uiul the King Sisters will provide the en- ■' (aiiMiiont for another big show where stuy A:-.can kill two birds with one stone by hearm - a ttoqd band and buying war stamps, too. Luc ugh has been said about the need of buyi.';:-, ai' bo'ftds so as to eliminate the necessity <■ gojD.g into that here. It has been mentioned ; -ctral times, too, that students aren’t doing il:' ir .sjiare, and the Student Union is making i( a.;- iiainless as possible to boost the total of ' : c'den t saie.s. Also, convocations such as this ( u' hi'\ e jiroved to be such favorites with the uidciii lujcly that the convocation committee mid ih.e Slinli nt Union have gone to no little i ' If: :m I iPey onto the campus. all, it would cost considerably more to Ml! ;tr tlii.s band at any other place, and then, of c^m'rsO, file student gets to keep the stamps he. H has t() be considered, also, that the money put into .stamps tomorrow night is going to buy materials for a lot of the boys from
MERRY-tiO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
Priyafre Mail Between U. S., Territories Receive Strict Censor; Goyernor Protests WASHINGTON—.Members of the Senate Judiciary Committee heard a first-hand chapter on gestapo methods which they never dreajncd existed inside the United States when they listened to the testimony of Governor Ernest Gruening of Alaska the other ’day. Governor Gruening told how 400 censorship employees operate in Seattle, reading all mail between Alaska and the United States, and hov^ many of these letters, called “intercepts”, are mimeographed and circulated to 31 U. S. government offices, and four Brit-
ish agencies. , . . •
The same censorship applies to Puerto Rico and other territories of, the United States, though they are supposed to enjoy the rights and advantages of being under the U. S. Government. Despite the manpower shortage, a total of 11,000 persons are reported to be engaged in opening and reading mail and circulating it around Government bureaus. , . Most letters are strictly private and between army officers and their wives, discussing plans for visiting each other. Some letters complain about the price of food, others about living conditions. One letter from a professor in Puerto Rico told how a Puerto Rican politician had sent his wife to the United States and had taken a colored mistress by whom he had three black children, because he believed it politically wise to play in -vvith the colored race. The letter stated that Governor Tugwell didn’t seem much concerned about the morals of the poli-
tician.
. Thi^ictter was circulated to various Government agencies atid the British. • Wise General Buckner Another letter from Gen. Simon Bolivar Buckner, U. S. commander in Alaska^ was addressed to Senator Styles Bridges of New Hampshire, member of the Senate Military Affairs Uommittee. BuTikner wisely stated, that he didn’t trust letters, so wanted to come to'Washington and tell Bridges some things. Various letters written by minor government officials were critical of their chiefs. Many letters were highly amusing, but gave absolutely no military information. , In fact the only letters the Senators examined which might have contained military information, told of a snowstorm in Alaska, and an ice avalanche. Before Governor Gruening testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee he got the approval of his chief. Secretary Ickes, to call on Byron Price, efficient chief of Censorship. Accompanying him were Jack Diamond, Congressional Delegate from Alaska and Ben Thoron, chief of the Bureau of Territories. Gruening argued that the practice of censoring mail between different divisions of the United States should
stop.
“It’s unAmerican,” he argued. “It’s very useful information,” countered Price. “Yes, and it also might be useful information if we censored every letter mailed by 130,000,000 people,” replied Governor Gurening^ “Besides,” he added, “it’s unlawful.” Price admitted that there was no law to hack him up, but did not mention that a law was pending in Congress, in fact had already passed the House., • Censor. Bill Stopped Finally he agreed to two of Gruening’s contentipns: (1) that copies of American newspapers and magazines need not be clipped before being sent to Alaska and the territories; (2) that colored films need not he censored when shipped to Rochester, N. Y., to be developed. Gruening had argued that if spies were going to take pictures of Alaska they would not ship their films to Rochester, as is necessary for the development of colored filnis. However, the Office of Censorship had been censoring these films anyway. Price did not agree, however, to stop reading personal mail between the mainland and American territories. ' Shortly fhereafter, the new censorship bill came before the Senate. Having passed the House, it gave legal sanction to what the Censorship Office already was doing without legal sanction. As the bill was about to come up for a vote. Senator George Norris of Nebraska, who had learned what the bill was all about, gave notice that he would launch a long attack, unless it was sfent back to the Judiciary, Committee for further consideration. Other Senators also got rebellious. « Harold ickes' Enemies President Roosevelt gave his own very frank opinion of the nation’s attitude toward labor when CIO’s Phil Murray and AFL’s Bill Grepn called to ask that a Ipb'or leader be made Manpower chief.-. They-proposed the name of DaniTobin. AFL Teamster's’ boss, ,as Secretary of Labor and, head of Manpowev.'. The President, however,-epuntcred with the name qf'Secretary Idkes. ' ' ' . I '; ' ' < ‘^Thikis a job for soifteone who isn’t afraid of makingtheini^s,”;Said the Wesident with a grini "Harold Ickes-ShoNild fill the bill perteCtly. Hp has more enemies than Rhydne in the cabinet.” : GfedD anh^ Murray chuckled at the gulp. Then they fr^e; wheh the President went oh to .say lhat. public sentiiheht at the moment would be antagonistic to the appointment of a labor leader as chief of Manpower. The President hastened to say that he had the highest esteem for Dan Tobin (who was once a member of the White House secretariat), but he stood his ground against appointment of a labor leader to head Manpower. Since then, Murray and Tobin have been voicing disapproval to friends. \ (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) the campus that soon will be in the war. Toss in Alvino Rey and the four King Sisters and you have six more good reasons forgoing to the dance or convo or both. There is a big thermometer outside the Sweet Shop. which records the amount of sales made to this dance. As yet the thermometer reads very cold and unless the ternperature rises in a big hurry this will probably be theMast such dance attempted here. The goal for the night has been set at $2,000, but records and goals are only made to be broken. Let’s really turn on the heat and shoot the mercury up so fast we blow the top.—d.d.b.
The Ratio
\
MANHUNTER???? Dotty “I don’t like the men here” Sieb has turned tail again and given back her Dartmouth Phi Dolt pin. Maybe the guy she found here ain’t a man anyway.
JOKE???? 1st she: I said some the craziest things last night. . 2nd ditto: Yes? 1st skoit: Uh-huh.
CONGRATS I 'Verna June Nicol, town girl, and ex-prexy of the KRDs, Bill Weslow, will stock up for that long journey ahead when they say their “I do’s” on January 2.
Pierce, who has been playing “now you. see it, now you' don’t” .with;.a "t' couple of pins, for the last few months, was with thsifirst of her pit- ( pin men, Beta John Swenson, the '' other day. When’s your turn. Gene ?■ She seems to have the boys standing ;■ in line., ,’ “ BLAZER PINNING _ / ' Another pin in Ihe Cole family''. This time Adelc Cole took a Phi Delt pin in-the Blazer. That’s a neW angle. Oi‘ is it? , :
BRRRK Of course there’s always the old saying that every man has his woman, but the ice man has his pick.
THIS AIN’T THE WAY TO DO iT Somebody called up yesterday andsaid his gal was putting on the heat., When asked what we could do fit!, said; “Tell everyone that I put out my pin.” , Some like, some don’t. . .
“Where in the world did you ever learn how to make a bed, mother—why, the WAACS would never stand for such sloppiness!”
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? Chuck Leber, one of the Sig Ep boys—the one who never had a date on the campus, pulled a fast one two weeks ago. He got cornered at that “Joe” school, Northwestern, and put his pin out. Why weren’t you there when your cigars were passed out, Chuck?
University Calendar
Friday, December 4
4:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
2:00 P.M.^ 6:00 P.M. 7:00 B.M.
•Aquacade Fieldhouse Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union SCA Dance South Baliioom, Union Women’s Pan-Hcllenic Formal.......North Ballroom, Union WRH Winter Formal ;.... WRH Sat-urday, December 5
OUT IN THE OPEN AGAIN Passioil Pit gal (Alpha Chi to you) Nancy Jackson finally came out in the open with Theta Chi Dick Worl’s pin. It has been rumored that she ha.s been wearing it under cover and out of sight for the last three weeks. That is, where the public couldn’t see it.
Aquacade ; Inter-Varsity Chris. Fellowship.. Dairy Department Dinner... Inter-Varsity Chris. Fellowship..
8:00 PIA Ward Party.. 8:30 P.M.' Mixer ........
..Fieldhou.se ..East Faculty Lgc., Union ..E. Heeept. Room,. Union ..East Faculty Lgc., Union ..Room 363, Union ..South Ballroom, Union
KEENO AGAIN Kecno (ever hear of her?) got herself in a mess last week end just because she was in a pretty good mood when she got ready to leaVe for ex-pin man home. Corbus didn’t at all appreciate riding back With the other guy she picked up and took with her. '
Navy News ■ Dimald W. Hart, Y3c Amusing things sometimes happen when sailors go out on leave, but a new high in unintentiai capers was believed reached here recently when sailors in the last graduating class of Naval Training School were given four - day post - graduation leaves and one of the Bluejackets qualified as another “wrong-way-Corrigan.” He is Norman L. Richardson of Galveston, Tex., who wanted to get home so fast that lie took a plane from Indiaiiapolis—and landed in Atlanta, Ga., instead, which is approximately as far from Galveston as Lafayette is. According to Richard.son’.s own story, the piano ticket he bought in Indianapolis was made out for Atlanta instead of Galveston, a slight change of addre.ss which he failed to note until arriving at the Atlanta airport, and an error on somebody’s part which cost him a;a6upl(i'of thousand extra miles of travel.^-, ,- . Riehiiriison.-’i^oVk . a, train, llieii, from Atlantiritib Hou.ston and on to Galveston; and instead of tin; expected several days he had only 10 liours to...ape.nd at: home. But ■ 10 hours'.‘;was apparently enougli, for in that time he wa.s married to a Galveston girl who accompanied him back to Lafayette, and one day later watclied liini board a train for Florida on a tour of duty assigned him by the Navy. In- four day.s Richardson had traveled by train and plane soine (5,000 mlies,- and-the expenses of the trip figured down to 820 per hour for each hour spent in his liome town: He neglected to- state whether that c'o.st.incl|ide4 the charge on the marriage license.'
WAA Will Present Harvest Hop Dec. 11 Amuial Harvest Hop (a late harvest) will be presented hy members of WAA Friday, Dec. 11, in tlie North Ballroom of the Union. Bud Rodei'ick and liis orchestra from the University of. Illinois will play from 8:30 to 11:30. Traditionally a coed bid dance, ticket.s are again bein.g distributed to sorority houses, residence halls, and other campus houses for $1.10. Goods may. also purchase tickets from inembors of WAA Council. Pledges of Sport.swomen, women’s athletic, honorary, will be announced nt tile dance hy Barbara Ford, president. Special novelty number will be presented by the University Folk - a - Wliirler.s, folk daiicei-.-^, with Clarence Bodle. as.official caller.
IT CUD BE WORSE “'Xiou gave me a bum steer,” said the milkmaid as she came away with an empty pail.
KAPPA BELLE ' Not so very many nights ago yotit wandering rajio rats heard dull ringing of a most unusual bell. Rapidly following this sound, as if if were the most iniportant due in a murder case, ty.e wandered, to',the front door of the Marble Vault and , saw an old bell used by.the railroads to -warn queoming matorists,,,„. . The inhabiTants of the Marble Vault were completely , mystified about the sound because they did not know that the bell was on their,front porch until morning when they tripped over it on the way to tbeif classes. Being inquisitive creatures they promptly took the bell apart and found nothing inside but a maze of electrical wii-ing and a note to Casey Hoskinson, the most famous of the University’s female engineers. It seems that the writer of the note had faith that Casey could tell the girls what made the darn thing ring. Unfortunately she could not, so the Kappas called the MonOn shops and told them to come and take care of the bell. ■ As a parting word, your rat ^yill point out that there was a painted message on the bell better left unsaid here and elsewhere, and also, to relieve the Kappas minds, the bell did not ring by itself—oui" heyo walked up'the front walk.and,rang it. Some fun. . ,
OLD HOME WEEK So. far we’ve had tvyo of the “mighty throe”, and here comes the .rest. Nodra Ann “Even-Lgive-up”
Everything for a College Education DEAG’S
m
jm
40^December 4, 1942
\ Boilerttiaker Sports
Pagp B
mnnttmimilm
Aquacade Opens Tonight In Fieldhouse Pool IK ^ X
Wabash Opens Here Dec.
^ (|iditot’s Noti6: Clint Sqwards steps into position tfs the column writer fi(t a day.)»
From the standpoint of competitive expfeiience, the Boilermaker basketball squad, which will receive its first tests of the season as it meets Wabash here Thursday night (Dec 10) and DePaul in the Chicago Stadium on Saturday (Dec 12), will probably be the “youngster” of the Big Teh hardwood race , ^ 4 Coach Ward Lambert, the dean of conference mentorsJ[n,both years of service and accom-
t>6uslc)r Elected Cross Country Captain
Mst night the,Boilermakei cross count!y squad celebrated the end of , — „—
another veiy stKicessful season of distance lunnmg with a venison dinnei plishments, starts his second quarter-century at the poilermaker helm with a green, but This annual affair is the brain child of Dick Fallen-
Dolphin^ Triton Clubs Offer Novelty Program
By Bill Hopkins
Tonight and tomorrow night a capacity crowd m the swimming pool of the men’s gymnasium will witness a marine variety show, which will go under the title of the Sixth Annual
at the Wpst luaiayette Countiy Club Coach Phillips skid it was to be venison, and no farmers have been advertising lost, strayed oi swiped coWs; sh;rhfiybe it was venison Besides gorging themselves to no end, the sqpatl piil to a vote; who was to be named honorary captain for the sddeqn. The man named was Charlie Deuslei, of Albion, lunior on the
sqpad.
dfetit Lakes Voted Top Service Grid Team Although Ohio State has, statistically speaking, the best all aiound
-k
Lambert's Varsitymen Strong Yearling Five Tuesday
hustjing, group of 17 varsity candidates that has a distinct
sophomoric tinge
Minus the sei vices of nine major lettermen from last year’s combination, including
Club ” The Boilermaker varsity, scheduled to make-its collegiate debut against Wabash here on
Thuisday night, is apt to have its hands full in subduing an unabashed yearling combination that has demonstrated m early scrimmages an ability to keep scoring pace with the uppei classman aggiegation In two
but five candidates instead of the
usual 10 to 15
Hoffman Is Lone Senior
Edition No. 26 of Coach Ward Lambert’s basketball handi- such outstanding peiformeis as Don
rtod 0( aw g.,d iad ,n the naton (or the past oeaoon, the will make its first publ C appearance of the Blaal.m and Fouoet Sprowl, fo.
Associated Press still hasn't gotten around to making them the fiist reason on Tuesday night at 7.30 0 clock when It stacks up waids, and Bob Riley, John Tieiney
thhm in the countiy officially, but they did have a vote on the best service against an unusually strong freshman combination in fhb an- Chailes Caress, guaids, Lam t^m m the nation, and the honois went to the Gieat Lakes squad with nual preview tilt in the Fieldhouse sponsored by-thq tteamer
Butuie Bierman’s Iowa Pre-Plight squad rating second Chicken In Every Pof, But Empty Bowls
With the honorable Joseph E Eastman beaiing down on the sale of tickets td the various Bowl games, it looks like thei e might be a few team folioWerp a bit disappointed in missing these annual New Year’s Day fehtiVltidd this year Eastman is director of the Office of Defense Ti ansp0ttath3rr,%rtfl saittthat with service men on furloughs plus the way tiatisportatlon is geneially tied up alieady, theie just wouldn’t be any transpottfition facilities for Bowl game seers Eastman put his foot down on the Sale of tickets fbi the annual Aimy-Navy fiacas this fall, and the great sum and total of 14,000 saw the game Lucky citizens of Pasadena
Bluejackets Meet Notre Dame; Hope For Ninth Victory
Navy Airmen Vie For Hardwood Honor In Fraternity Ball
GREAT LAKES ILL, Dec 3— The Gieat Lakes Bluejackets, bul walked by a line aveiaging 214
TT , XT a, j- . c pounds pel man will throw the best Howaid Hoffman foiivaid fiom defense in the middle west against Biidgepoit, one of thiec majoi let- Notie Dame’s T formation in Sol
Tonight the Sigma Nu frateijpity
lecentsciimmagesessions,theyeai- will meet the Pibd^ iNiaVy team
campus Wrestling lourney Cetfing Underway i,n„s J^yed the varsity to a 14 14 This team is made up 'of officeis
The Way the entries in the All Campus Wiestling Tournament have bean turnihg out so fai is not making Wrestling Coach Claude Reeck a bit bappy, howevei, the touiney is not scheduled to begin till aftei the Chfistirias holiday. Which gives the best pait of thiee weeks foi interested persorts to get into the contest The affaii has been carefully arianged mtti three classes of contestants, just like a shooting match, theie is a class of beginneis, fellows with no previous expeiiencee, another gioup for the fellows who have had a fan amount of tutoring oi expel lence, and a class for the old timers at the game The wrestling loom is open every day fiom a little befoie thice till after six, apd the coaching staff is very willing to offei any kind of assistance or mstiuction The fellows who aie a little bit leaiy about the safety of the sport would be very surpiised at the lack of blood on the mdts All ahd all Coach Reeck says, “Theie isn’t a spoit that will build up one’s body the way wiestling will ’’ Pkooey On Weatherman—No Ice ^ICe skating fiends will peihaps bo soiiy to heai that the tennis courts behind the Fieldhouse will not be flooded this year till aftei Chiistmas, if t^en, due to the lack of help aiound the piemises
lings played the varsity
tie in one 20 minute tussle, and held a 20-19 lead at the end of another 20
minute period
Only Five From Last Year This year’s varsity fiosh tussle
will provide a pieview of both com binations, for the current vaisity contains but five holdover men fiom last yeai and sophomoies are play
up
taking flight training at the Uni veisity All port This team has played three games winning-all but one The Sigma Alphp Mu and the fiiangle frateinities have alieady been Victims of the Navy fi\e On the othei hand the Navy suffeied a defeat at the hands of the Phi Kap pa team The Navy netmen have yet
teimen available, is the lone senioi on a varsity i oster that includes five juniois, nine sophomoies and two second teim fieshmen who will not become eligible foi collegiate com
petition Until the New Yeai Lambeit whose teams have won
01 shaied in the Big Ten title 11
. . 1 T V to meet the Sigma Nus, Alpha Kap mg an important role in Lambeit’s , u, ^ ^
pa Lambda and Tau Epsilon Phi
.WAR UP THAT CHRISTMAS LIST 1 Bet us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so economical—and yet so distinctive. ' SCOBEE’S < PHONE 2^43 105 NORTHWESTERN AVE.
mh
CAUTION TO MmSE^S OF ROTC NROTC
4
ENLISTED RESERVE.
Cash IS a dangerous companion It tempts thieves or it may be lost It IS both wise and inexpensive to turn this cash into AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES Then if these Cheques are misplaced or stolen (before you hav e affixed your identification signature) their value is le funded to you You spend them as you do cash They remain good so long as you carry them around unspent ¥t)u can buy them at Banko and Railway Express offices They cost 75jf for each $100 00
AMERICAH tXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUES
plans
Theie Will be unusual local intei est in the game, with four foimei Jeffeisoii high school stais slated
foi action Max Biggs, second teim the°campu& fieshman who will become eligible Lieutenant W
foi vaisity play aftei the Chiist mas holidays, will undoubtedly see consideiable action, while three oth er foimer Jeff playeis, Wilbui Dyk huizen. Jack Vaughan and Bob A„ new are listed on the stiong tiesh
man lostei
Frosli Lineup In addition to Dyl hui/en to waids apt to see action toi the yeai lings include Bill Beibeiian Hu vey 111 LeRoy Biutu-J Pine Vil lage Clay Moody Bums of Mun cie Bill Lodge M ulison uidlloid Young Conveibc The fieshman eentei loslei m eludes Ken Andeison Wusiw Jim Blettnei, Manual ot Indianapolis, Jim Stiawbridge, South Side of Foit Wayne, Ed Stutevillc Attic i and Jim Howell, Wanatah Yearling Guards The yeai ling guaid spots will be held down by John Hinga, Noitb Side of Foit Wayne, Charles Haag Bosse of Evansville, Jim Eitcl Tip ton, Jim Stuckei, Attiea and Levis Rose, Hobart along wPli Vaughan and Agnew of leff
Ihis team is playing in the intei fiateinity “A” basketball tiials, and in doing so is meeting some of the toughest jntiainuial competition on
C Libbey is in
ehaige of the Navy s team and is one ot then bettei ball handleis The N ivy flyeis upon leaving the Ui iveisity Aiipoit will go to some, as yet unknown idvineed base IM Schedules
BASKEIBALL
1 ndaj Evtiung I)^ 1 ( oiiit 1—S Ruclisies 7 00—N ivy vs Sigm i Nu 7 15—Alpha K ipp i L imbd i vs
Kapp i Delti Rho
8 10 Sigm i Aljihi Mu vs Delta
1 III Dili)
S 25 -A.]pha Sigm i K i ip vs A1
ph i Sigm i Phi
Court 2—Geoige Fraeisoii 7 00—Wild 5vs Waid2A Make
up g line
7 15—Wild 0 vs Wagd 25 Make-
up game
Ward llE vs Ward 27 Make up game Alpha Chi Rho vs Delta
Upsiloil ' -Don Sprague
Alpha lau Orticga vs Sig
ma Pi '
times in the past 21 years is hope- westein 48 to 0 on Thanksgivin„ ful that his twenty sixth Boileimak Day holding then opponent to ll
er haidwood cieation may make up in enthusiasm what it lacks in ex pelience i Sophomoies aie bound to play an impoitant lole in plans foi the cuiient season The fiist year guaid possibilities who aie expect ed to team up with Floyd “Rudy” Lawson majoi lettei man fiom Eiie Pa and Paul Friend minoi lettei man fiom West Lafayette, include Ed Ehleis langy diibblei fiom South Bend, and Edwaid Jones,
slight ball hawk fiom Jaspei Menke 4ssumes Captaincy Allen Menke junioi majoi lettei
man Iioni Huntingbiiig who has assumed the captaincy duties on a full time basis due to the withdiaw
guth, varsity swimming coach, and is under his sponsorship. The bulk of the performers will be furnished by the Dolphin and Triton Clubs, men’s and
women’s swimming honoraries, respectively. In addition to these, there will be a number of “guest stars” taken from the professional swimming world These paddlers will be augmented by the University Gibe Club which will, it is presumed, per-
form from a dry place A Three Ring Circus
The shovi^ itself will feature an excellent airay of acts, skill, comedy and novelty, all of which promise tb make this year’s performance the
best of the senes
From the standpoint of the average swimming devotee, one of the evening’s highlights will be an attempt on the part of one Elroy Heidke, a sophomore membei of the varsity squad, to break the world's record in the 50 yard breast stroke division Shaiing the spotlight with
„ j , . ,, Heidke will be blondiferous Patty
yaids by lushing while inflicting the a AspmallfiomShortridgeoflndian-
diei Field this Satuiday
The Irish have scored in eveiy game this jcai and the tempo of then attack increased as the season advanced So howevei has the
Navy s defense
Gieat Lakes ieduced its defensive aveiago shaiply in routing Noith
fiist shutout against the Wildcats since 1939 Opponents have avei aged hut 80 yaids pei game by insh ing against the Bluejickets in 11
games
Once again Biuce Smith of Min nesota will be the N ivy s chief of fensive hope Playing what may have been the gieatest game of his entire caie«i Smith scoied thiee touchdowns against Northwestern passed 46 yaids loi inothei diop kicked foui exti i points ind added anothei bj luniinv with the ball alter his di op 1 lel h u! lieen blocked He g lined 112 aid ii 16 it tempts ind eompletcri t \ o of his fie e
apohs and holder of the national women’s 200 yard breast stroke championship Patty, who swims foi the Riviera Club of Indianapolis and the Indianapolis Athletic Club, will give a demonstration in the progiessions in style of stroke and cos-
al fiom '-ehool of Co captain elect pisses foi 79 e ids In 'i ^ames Bob Rilee who his enlisted is a Smith has i ushed ”9, eau'sd to 880 iiavil ivi itian e ulet will be iffoicl be ill the S iilois oppone it'- uid his ed his mam eonnetition it the cen total offen e i 1 ca? e i I to 1 517 tei spot 1 \ Tohn See ml/ nnnoi let fo oppon I tcimin jnm South Bend and Don Gieat L 1 es eeill bt ne ulj at i lid MeVc\ 1 inei sophomoie tiom phvsie il pe il toi the lush Cen West Luu cite tei s Bob Nelson ind Basil Pei ty in Theie IS i wide open hghl foi the lined i^ iin t t imp Gi int ind Mai ±01 wild issunments eeith Hoffman qu tte lespeetiveli pi oh ible evill be tile loi e indid ite oi (xpeiienee leidy to gi Sam i le Cul MuIIe M\ieem Ande on |ui loi liom Ed ne iu\ loimei Gieen B iv Pieleis ev luhpo t evho e\ is not i eaisity end his ibout lecoveied fiom a can lid t la t sc ison his '■hoeen shoudei mim / al i i eeived at
8 10-
8 25-
Couit 3
7 00
HAmumCHlif TEST PROVES VITAL ZONE
sLiipu I ig nnpiovenicnt ind is be mg eonsideied foi a staiting assign menu ilong eeith Bill Keicheval speedy sophomoie fiom New Al bun and Jack Kennedy, a nigged sophomoie peitoiinei fiom Loiain,
Ohio
Sophs Among Forwards
Among the othei foiwaid possi bilities, all sophomoies, are Robeit Biddle, Biookston, Robeit Moms, Lebanon, Robeit Myeis, Jeffeisonville, and Geiald Witsman, Fiank
foit
C mp Gi mt Th Bluejackets suf feied no c isu ilties Phnisdai
Patty Aspinali Brings Teammates Patty V ill be accompanied to Lafayette by hei sistei Jane Aspinali, and Susan Gastineau, two of her teammates at the Rmera Club These lattei two -will present a nPvelty stunt as their contribution to the evening s enteitamment Among the less common swimming featuies will be the presentation of a Labiador Retriever, owned by Di H N Svvezey of Lafayette This letiievei will bring about the lescue of a live Mallard duck from
the biiny deep
Diving Specialities Offered As usual the evening’s levity will be furnished through the medium of diving specialties These will featuie Louis Ware, Herra Baur, and Waltei Giubbe, who -will add a serious note to the proceedings with a bit of a demonstiation of the fine
aits of diving
An innovation this yeai -will featuie the use of the bottom of the pool as a lace tiack The modes of tiansportation to be used -will be lollei skates and wagons As to just how these latter two acts will be accomplished remains a deep,
fayette and Ralph Biowei of Foit Wayne become full fledged sopho
11101 es
Although the Boileimakeis do lack expel lence, they possess moie
height than any Pm due quintet of dark secret m the minds of the sponlecent yeais, and early drills indi- sois However, their veiy presence cate that while Lambeit is still eni- 'wiH show-the bioadness of the scope phasizmg a last breaking offense, of the Aquacade itself What could
The foiwaid lobtei is'also” ex- intends to utilize the ball han be bi oadei than a change from high
pccted to be bolsteied attei the fiist of the yeai v, htn Max Biggs of La
•PORTUHE’
SHOES $|JiO$g5Q
SHOES FOR M^EN
SomtStyksHigier
iW
LET'S EAT OUT! Lovely burrouiidiiigb, delicioub dibhcb, i & lent service! — The three facts that inalce ‘ ii restaurant a place for an enjoyable timiel
(OinsL oL ihsL
CHESTNUT ROOM The whole family would enjoy a meal at any time here! Lome yp lor luncheons or dinners. JhsL fiwidusL TUsmoUal lAidotL Just take a walk through the building!
dlmg potentialities of his laiigiei diving to rollei skating on the pool
peifoimeis with nioie emphasis on floor’ passing f 10111 set foimations when “Swimmandos”
the situation is favoiable A mihtaiy motif -will be in vogue One possible Puidue combination, with tne piesentation of the “Swimv/ith Hoffman and Kennedy at for mandos’, a group of 32 varsity and waids Menke at center and Ehlers treshnian swimmeis who will preand Law son at guilds will avei age sent a unique watei ballet for the neaily 6 feet 3 inehes in height (See AQUACADE, page 4)
MoxFords
This moccasm style has been so universally approved by welldressed Americans that it is collect for almost any occasion This IS only one of the new Foi tune‘MoxCoid’styles Try a pair ioi a wealth oi satisfaction. B. ^ W. Shoe Co. 121 N 4th St# i
\
iitWHMil
§r
f** H
^'ar
Pumu^. Expcment
j
ftL
Frid December 4^ 1942
Ii»ll It jl Musical Organization
Fill Out Transportation
S'- " ‘ -
Form By 4 PM Monday
Art Association Tonight
(In, J/tn, ChuAchiA,
Printed below is the transportation questionnaire listing all
available means for leaving Lafayette Sunday thiough Wednesday, Dec. 20^23, inclusive It is to the students’ benefit to
ilU it out and return it to the West Desk of the Union by 4 p m
Foi the thud consecutive yeai nicmheis chosen fiom the Univeiity Musical Oigani/ations will cn tcitiin the Lifayette Ait Association at the Lafayette Ait Museum
Monday
graphed sheet fiom the Student Senate and may be filled out by more than one person. For ——^—
This should be used by those not receiving a mimeo- piogiam tonight will be undci
the diicction of Joseph M Ragaiiis, assistant diiectoi of musical oigan
i7ations at the Uniyeisity
The piogiam will open with a “Seieiiade in Pour Movements” by Mozait played by the Univeisity Oichestia’s stung sextet Membeis of the sextet aie Kenneth Roque moie, fiist violin, Yale Schaevitz,
instance, if four are leaving at r*,,r*icc Wrirth-f 4:23 on the Greyhound, place a YV ngni (4) in the properplace. (Grey- (Continued from page 1) hound times indicate departure drafting, shde rule and shop piac
w
from "West Lafayette—all others
Lafayette)
Facility S M Greyhound (Southbond)
6 26 A M 4 23 A M 2 25 A M 12‘33 A M
M M M M M M M
Indranapolis Only 8 40 \ M 7 10 A M Geryhound (Northbound) 2 50 A M
10 55 P 8 43 P 6 08 P 4 55 P 2 38 P 12-55 P 10 38 P
tice production engineering, design,
electnc currents and neptones Monfien To Reh6\e Engineeis
The courses are to flit women to fill the more elementary positions now being filled by graduate en gmeets so that the men can bo pro moted into the more technieal fields Women will be given the oppoi trinity to participate in design and development of more effective equipment for our aimed forces by
enrolling in these bouiscs
The young women will be lined as paid employees at ii>10 pei week and with tuition, loom and board fumished to-fie trained m the ran ous fields Upon completion of the course they will be a.psigncd lobs
1 50 A M 8 30 A M 10 50 A M 12 41 P M 2 50 P M 4 50 P M I 0 60 P M 8 50 P M 10 50 P M Yankee Tiailways (Northbound) 2 00 A M 10 00 A M 4 00 P M 7 30P M Yankee Tiailways (Southbound) 5 30 A M 1 44 P M 5 14 P M 11 59 P M Indiana Bus (S Bend) (Ft Wayne)
7 15 A.
M
12 15 P
M
s 00 P
M
5 45 P
M
(Michigan Citj )
11 30 P
M
Indiana
Bus
(Teiie Haute)
8 16 \
M
11 45 A.
M
6 30 P
M
Indiana
Bus
(Muncie)
8 25 A
M
12 36 P
M
4 05 P
M
Monon R R
(Louisville)
12 10 A
M
11 30 A
M
Honor R R
(Chicago)
a 30 A
M
2 45 P
M
Wabash
R R (Detroit)
3 Ob P
M
12 25 A.
M
Wabash
R R (St Louis)
12 67 P
M
1 45 A
M
Big Foui R
R (Chicago)
11 38 A
M
2 40 P
M
5 42 P
M
1 55 A
M
3 40 A
M
Big Four R
R (Cincinnati
11 20 A
M
12 42 P
M I
4 20 P
Mt
12 20 A
M
2 10 A
M
Last
Daily excejit Monday Connections toi Cleve Tiar cling By Cai '
Note I ill out the numbei of pei sons in propel time ami day columns —if not sure indicate anvwar Time of depaituie fiom Lafayette and final destinations aie guen (Gie\
hound times aie \\ L )
It IS iinpoitant that \ou do not fill out moie than one questionnaii e Please eoopeiate in this effoit to. make Voui Christmas nde home
sure and eomf or table
Student Union
(Continued fiom page 1) The Student Union is a student sei vice oiganization Its members do all the work around the Union in helping to piomote the vaiious lee national facilities ofleied m the Memoiial Union
Aquacade
(Continued fiorn page 3) apiiioval of the audience Dm mg the com se of this ballet they dem onstiate \ai roils life saving meth odb and foi m a human br idge acioss th( pool In addition to tin erenmg pel foimanees tin local USO will spoil SOI the Aquacade on Sundae at 2 30 jj 111 fo! the lienefit of the naval unit statioind it tin Univcisjtr
JWanoke College Salem Va iceently telebiali-d it om hundndth luiiuveiaaiy
second violin, Chailes Boonstra, viola, Robert Slack cello, Richard Boinoi, bass and Edrmrd Hoina day, piano Hai pist To Play Barbara Hipskind, haipist, will play “The Fountain”’ by Zabel, “Ma 7111 ka’ by Schueckei, and Peomtz’s “The Music Box' Chopin’s “Schei 70 Csf Minor” will be done by' Wil ham Cl Ilk pianist VugmiaUliey sopiano will sing “The Lord’s Prayer’ ‘The last Rose of Sum mei ’ and “Celito Lindo” a Mcxi can folk song The final appear anee on the pio giam will be Phyllis Bakei violm-
University Presbyterian Church North Stieet Near Grant John W Findley, Munster Win Morgan, Chou Director Nancy Young, Organist 9 30 -Sunday School Dr G H Gloves’ class will continue its study of the life of Chiist by discussing the seventh chapter of Mark’s Gos pel 10 30—Moining Worship Di J Hairy Cotton, president of the Pies byterian Theological Seminaiy in Chicago, will give the sermon His subject will be “The Strength of the Mountain” The organ numbei will be “Serenade” by Schubert, “Eleva tion m EE” by Saint Saens, and “Festal Offer tor uiin” by Fletchei 6 00—Sunday Eyenmg Club The committee on Religious Drama will be in charge of the program following the supper Robert Hernandez will be the diibctoi
four H()psiej;.Teamf Compete in National Vegetable Contest
Notices
Notice All first 01 second aemestor trcslimcn who have hud high school yoll oxperitntt and who would Hko to become Phrduc veil leaders rtport bt 4 p m to the Fieldhouse any afternoon thav week
All Students Student tutors an now wailable foi ni iny suhiects Kates ue H) eats PI r h no Apply aj; Senate Olfio Un ion ffom 4 lo 5 40 p m — BREWLU
Silver Mask Pledges Initiation held riniibdav Dec 10 at 7 80 p m Meet in the front lom of the ricldhouse^^^^^
paying $13() to $150 per month with ist who will play Brook’s “Adagio”,
a 40 hour week and time and a hall paid for overtime Will Hate Student Fnvileges At the Univeisit-^ they will be en lolled as special students having the same privileges as legulaily en lolled studehts They will attend 30 class hours a week and devote the necessaiy additional time to outside preparatiO'ii with 10 horns of studynng under supervision They will live at -VVRH on the thud flooi of Wood Hall Cuitiss-Wright will base their selection of girls on then scholastic lecord, character the results ob tamed from a screening test, and interviews which will be held Need For M omen \ Permanent One CiuLiss ‘Wright nas set up thc'-e couises to meet wai demands dui mg the duration but aMation i faeed with a postwar era of e\ pansion and service Then women as well as men will be e\ rlruted upon personal ca))abiliUcs am' pci foi mances
1 eonceito in G minor and “Canta Amoioso’ by Sametini Her iccom panist w ill be Mrs C E Baker wife of Di C t Baker of the University Agricultural Extension School
Scabbard And Blade
University militiiy honoiaiy announces the election of the follow mg officeis at a meeting held Wed nesday night in the Union Captain Dare Heckaid, 1st Lieutenant Dt le Butz, 2nd Lieutenant, Art Sedden 1st Sergeant Floyd Bass
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rey Joseph Baid Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 9 30—Roger Williams Class The lesson yy ill be taught by J L Van Camp 10 36—Church 'Vt^oiship Service Rev Joseph B Gleason yvill give the message “The Meaning of Sacri free’ Communion soi vices yvill be held and eight stais will be placed on the service flag The chon will sing and Arthur Jacklin church or ganist yvill play special membeis 5 30—Cynthia Jones Hall Roger Williams Foundation Social Hour The Puid|.ie Radio Class yyill give a shoit play 0 00—Suppei in honor of seniors 20c Please call 5307 foi reseiva tions 6 45—Special caiol bti\ ice dll ect eel by Viiginia Ulicy
Harvard University is the oldest men’s colleirc m the UniUd ''trUs
Sygar Ration Books It y\ ill be necessary tor all stu dents yyho go home toi the Chust mas yaeation to obtain then W ai Rition Book No 1 nith stamp numheis 9 and 27 lett m the book m oulti to leceiye eoffie and suga- while at home The atten (ion ot all house motheis and house manigers is called to this taci by A !) Sulhiis adnunislra foi 1 he books will hare to be rc roll (fed iffti flu yaeation
lil* I li ■iHHiniimililMlilHII
He realiy has froiihles!
1 t A - ' A fellow whose late fur his dale alN ^ I :' ^ ' way^^Jias j^Ienty of trouhle explaiolHq tu the wumen.
Be a Wise Ed ^ y — C A L ii — 5‘023 nr 3071
YELLOW CAB 2^ MoWl. SsAvksL
Puidue Christian Foundation Sunday Program tt the Church Building 8 45-—Foimal pledging of ntry ■<.11 membei'. 9 jO—Student Cla s Eincst Le I'ey'’! of Chicago yvill speak on the suL]e(t Whet We Can Do Noyy In Goedyyill Election ol PCI officeis 10 rO—Clinch Worship Seryitt rhi second seimon in a senes of thiei yill be puarhed by the Rey Doyly Mullen The title ol this one IS the God Men Loye Com munion is usu il Vt 131 S Giant ) 00—^loc ripiiei Be suie to
Roscoe Fiasei, extension horti culturist of the University, accompanied four Hoosier teams to Pittsburgh, Pa , to compete for honors at the National Junior Vegetable Gioyyeis’ Association meeting held today and tomoriow Fraser announced today that Indiana will be represented m the vegetable judging contest by the three high-ranking individuals m the state contest held at the 1941 state fair They aie Max Heffley of Auburn, Walter Scott of Otterbem, and Robert Cieal of Terre Haute, who are all now attending the University C E Baker, county agent at Auburn, yvho coached Ileffley, high-ranking individual m the state contest, will atcoi’npany the team Three Teams Entered Three teams are entered m the national demonstration contest Wayne Ennen and Herbert Young, both freshmen from Terre Haute, yvill go as the top winners at the 4 H Club Round Up Two other demonstration team entries, winners at the 1941 and 1942 Muck Crops shows, have been given tups by the Indiana Faun Bureau Cooperative Bill Harrison and Glen Stultr, the 1941 wmiieis and Don Moweiy and Bob Kirk, 1942 yvinneis, all of North Ttiie Haute, comprise the two teams Then coach, Walter Weber vocational agiicultuie teacher will accompany them Expenses of Heffley, Scott and Gieal will be paid by the Indiana Vegetable Groyvers’ Association and the State Fair board Ennen, Young, and their coaches, Hoyvard Emme, assistant county agent at Terre Haute, and Johrr Turner vocational agriculture teacher at Honey Creek leai Terre Haute, will have then expenses paid by Sears Roebuck and Co, Layvicnce Goger of Aubuin, a sojihomoie at the University yvho is viee piesident oi the national oi.,amzation, will aLo attend the meeting
Camcril (lull Kkhibit All persons yvho tntcUd prints in the fall cNhibit mav u C(.iv( Mumt bv calMnj., for them at tty. Wtbt 0(sk of the Union Prize winners will be notified by lettei -rBUEBLOOD
SCA Board Probable last meetipB ot V(ai un fnesdav Dec 8 All nnfipiahed bUdi ness will be t ikcn tip —ANTONAUCIO
All Male Shidentji If you dcsiie to enlist in the Army Lnhbted *^esirvi Corps vou must place your applienlion now md follow it up at oner No student n iw in scho j1 may Ik enlisted aflei D(c U i roccssinj? of ap plieants lequnes npproximat‘’'ly two weeks to complete nteessirv physic tl eximinations and tilled p tpers Limited cleiicnJ help will make it impt ssible to enlist apph ants who wait until tlu last minute to ipply AH nppheatioiis should be mack in Room B4 Bubcment of Purlue Aimory —GRAHAM
I ulheran Students Everyone is to our social mectinir at the home of Rev Strlldoif Noith 9th St at 7 ^0-t> m Sunday Dee h —WALLACE
Newman Club The Newman Club bi^eitkfast will be held in tht St h nihium after the 1 10 mass Sunday Dw 0 ihtre will be an import int mectinK Elec tionb will be held —BROWNE
Cosmopolitan Club Election of n^t se nestcr s officers will be on Friday Dec 4 in r( om i04 of the XJnioh at 4 15 p ip impoitant that all members be present —TANIGAWA
Student usher and police for football rames iTi-t tlieii money it ticket office in rieUlhouse after 1pm Wednesd u —SANDERS
Piirduo Model Raulroad Club Therx. be i meeting m the Union sub basement at 1pm Saturday Dec 5 -‘HASsE
ERC Applicants All students who have applied fot enlistment in the ERC and have not yet been enlibtcd repoit to Room B1 m the basement of the Armoiy bi fort noon Saturday to make ^r^an^'■ements foi dehnite date of enlistment —GRAHAM
AH Students Varsity Christian Fellow ship Conterence in East Faculty Lounge <Jf the Union C Stacy Woods of the iPte^ Vaibity Christian Fellowship will be th( pcakei Meetingb arc to be held at 2 and 7 30 Saturday afternoon and evening AJl lie welcome —WATT^
Students Wishing to work for the Rogis trai during tht Winter feim rtgiotiation January I and •) are requested to make ipphcation at the Registrai s office fhobo with previous oxpeiionce at icgistration or in other clerical jobs ire given preference -STONE
Second Semester Freshman W'omen Regu Ur coed hours beginning Monday Uce_7 —AWS JUDICIAL BORD
Triton Club Theie will be a regulai meet ing Tuesday at 7 15 in the Memorial Gyro nasiuni —^BROW^IE
/ouaics Rough initiation will be held Friday December 4 at 7 p m in the Arm oiy —JACKSON
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges Meeting Mon day at 7 16 in room 302 of the Union Ini tiatiqn fees payable If you cannot attend call Devib 55031 —DAVI&
Cheerleaders Practice in the Fieldhouse evciy afternoon this wetk Be thei -SCHWAB
AIME Banquet is Thursday at 8 at 5 30 1 the Home Ec cafeteria —HECICARD
United Brethren Students Meeting P n da> Dee 4 at 7 p m in ro< m 103 of he Union CARMICHAEL
Chinese Students I ast moetini, of th s semestei will be held on I nday Dec m bci i at p ni in loom 301 of th< Unioi Niw officers will be cleetsd it the meitinj, LIANG
Dolphin Club Meeting will be held nt i p m Fiidaj Dec i in the meetinj., loom of the rieklhoubc Eveijbtdi please come be prompt —KRB CK
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage typewriters Albert’s Loan Office, 407 Columbia
Debris Workers Petitions fui Junioi jol must be tui ned in t j Ball or Minton bj 1 lu dn> Dec ) Sami le opies of foimal ] eti tion aie in the woiUhop oi the lusiiu s office IHrODOSl-
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all make* oold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main, Lafayette Phono 2779
7ouaveb Active ind inietive /ouives wh wish to att nd th 1 11 ^ Ti 1 iv P ^ it 6 p m in room 363 ot the Union should sign libt on Advanced Coips bulletir bond second flooi of the Aimory before Siturlay noon Cuiient seme ter dues 50 cents must bo paid lo Charles All ritton 1st Seigeint before the banquet in ord i t attind Foi mai initiation and eleetiua of offucis will be at 0 p m loom P-) <f the Union lucbday Dec 8 JACKSON
Lost—Brown billfold Name engraved oil ms d( Reward Buibira Heide Phone 7471,
Lost—A Midu Multifort automatic Swiss wat h I uminuu hil black face Strap mil t( 1 small wrist Also a Slg Ep pin with the nime R B Saxton on back Re vai 1 i I lenty Phone 01 Reel
Lo t—P ui 1 glubSib in blael ease Call uol Crow oOll
Buj Wai Bonds Ind Stamps'
Wanted—Bo>3 to woik it the Purdue Un i Cl f till i Apply Piudue Union Caftua Office
male itsciv ition at Student Cla^s Ol bv cailj ditenoon > '5—Sund IV Evening Foiuin Piogiam includes singin^ efiscus101 iceicition uul vespeis Wc file continuin.., oui discussion o± Chii^tian piinciplcs foi daily living Vc close piomptlv at 7 30
SllPPElS