ir^ ►''**« /^iw K{.fi*"i»i^ -tpi-<1^^ ‘
'^''Vi^ <t«in
In Today's News • Director Hillman Urges Deferment • Mortar Board Dance Tonight • Green Potters'Blackout Tomorrow
x-iu
Founded In 1889
XfMie4it m Daily Since 1906
A-
Volume 52, No. 165
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 25, 1B4I
Co-ed Spring Dance Tonight To Feature Dixie Cabatet Style Byron Dunbar Will Play For Mortar Board At 9 “Dixie Cabaret” will be given by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, tonight from 9 to 12 o'clock in the Union. This last co-ed bid dance of the year is a spring formal. Tables will be set around the sides of the ballroom. At 10:30 the members of the cast of “The College Widow” will present a floorshow which will be a preview of the George Ade comedy. Virginia ' Royce is in charge of the show. Byron Dunbar is playing for the dance. He does his own arranging and interpretations and has been heard over CBS and NBC networks. The Illinois State Fair has featured his music for three consecutive -years. Bill Boner, who sings the sweet selections, and Lloyd Hanshy, who handles the faster swing songs, are vocalists for Dunbar. Corsages will not be worn to the dance, but freshmen girls will sell gardenias during the evening. The backdrop will carry out the theme of the dance with a mortar board back of the words “Dixie Cabaret.” The bandfronts feature a girl wearing a mortar board. Tickets for this annual dance are one dollar and may be purchased at the west desk of the Union," at sorority houses, or at the residence
halls, a.c.
Mov/e W/// Review Highlights In Sports “The All American Way,” Chicago Tribun^ movie review of outstanding sports events of the year, will be presented at 7:30 this evening in the faculty lounge of the Union by the Tip]jpcanoe County Purdue Club. Highlights of the 1200foot reel are shots of the Silver Skates, Golden Gloves, the Interschlastic Regatta, and the All-Star football game between the College All-Stars and the Green Bay Packers. The latter event pictures Lou Brock and Cecil Isbell, former Boilermaker stars. m.k.b.
BlackoutQueen Comes To Light At Frosh Dance
i-ii—From All Fronts.-,— Today's Summary Of War News
Faculty
The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 28, at 4 P. M., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. ElUott, PresideBt.
By Bud Eberts Air raids, blackouts, screeching sirens, dive bombers, and beautiful women will be featured at the Green Potter’s dance tomorrow
night.
Music for the affair will be furnished by Bob McKittrick and his orchestra and the entrance fee is one dollar. The dance is open to all stu-
dents.
During the course of the evening, lights will be darkened as the south ballroom of the Union will be subjected to “the worst air rhid of the
wah.”
Blackout Girl It will be the duty of all males to protect their women while the search lights pick out the bbmbers and bring things down to earth. The most beautiful gals of the freshman class will be on hand during the evening, since all the houses on the campus have drafted two beautiful freshmen as nominees for Blackout Girl. Throughout the remainder of this week, the candidates for Blackout Girl will be seen outside the Sweet Shop selling tickets for the affair. (If yop can’t find them outside of the Sweet Shop, they’re sure to be inside). So ankle up to the table, pick your queen and buy a ticket. Beware of possible bribery—don’t sell out cheaper than three dances a
vote.
Don’t shoot any photographer that you may see at the dance—^they aren’t fifth columnists, but reporters. Due to the uniqueness of the evening, several newspapers and other publications are planning to record the happenings on film. (Any photographer taking pictures during blackouts will be interned for the rest of the war). 3 Dimensional Backdrop An official communique from the decoration committee suggests a three dimensional back-drop, with a scene of an English village with search lights continuously looking for the enemy. A large picture of Herr Hitler has been suggested as a parking place for your gum, but there is skepticism as to his promise of giving the gum back at the end of the struggle. Everyone will be kept in the dark as to whom the queen is until the dance. Votes will be counted during the program, and, during one of the blackouts, the search lights will pick the beautiful creature out of the crowd.
To Chicwo Daily News Foreiga Service. Ciopyrigbt, 1040. Chicago Daily News, lae • Britich Try To HoM Passes “Fighting a stout delaying action in what is admittedly a forlorn cause—the defense of Greece’s sacred city against the Germans—a handful of British Imperial troops are trying to hold the mountain passes above Thermopylae, and the pass itself,” radios George Weller from Athens. • Nazis Raid Plymouth “There was another heavy attack on Plymouth Wednesday night—^the third big assault in three nights,” cables William H., Stoneman from London. “These raids and other raids on important southcoast ports look suspiciously like preliminary steps to an invasion at-
tempt.”
o Subs Deplete British Supplies Supplies of American airplanes bound for Great Britain are being depleted steadily by the U-boat campaign, cabled Helen Kirkpatrick from London. She quotes Lord Beaverbrook as authority for the statement, his being the first official admission of the kind. • London Demands Explanation The London press and public yesterday joined in demands for an early and frank explanation of the German triumph in the Balkans. Criticism passes over Churchill to center on Anthony Eden for committing England to come to the aid of Greece. • Rains May Save Italians “The rains, which have begun in Ethiopia, combined with the campaigns in Greece and Libya, may save the Duke of Aosta, Italy’s viceroy, and the remnants of his East African army from capitulation to the British, it is admitted here,” radios Richard Mowrer from Cairo. • Retain 85 Years Old “Marshall Henri Philippe Petain, France’s chief of state, who carries upon his unbent shoulders the tremendous burden of his conquered country, was 85 years old yesterday, though he seems barely 60,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. • Nazis Demand Dardanelles Germany has demanded from Turkey complete military control of the Dardanelles in exchange for a portion of Greek Thrace, according to a report credited to foreign diplomatic circles by the London Daily
Herald.
Hillman Requests Deferment For All Engineering Students Counselors Begin Manpower In VHal Fields HHs Training Program NgW Low LbyqI-^OPM Hesd Ssys
At pirst AWS Session AWS spring counselor training program was started yesterday with 230 co-eds attending the first meeting at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. Four freshmen girls told of their personal experiences with the counseling system when they entered the University last fall. Carolyn Wood, a town girl, said that the town girl needs counseling as much as the hall girl does. Beth Ludberg, who lives in a co-op house, stressed_ the fact that the new girls living in co-op houses need counseling more than other girls. Martha Hilligoss and Ann Bishop, freshman from the residence halls, spoke of that lost feeling when they entered school and how their counselors 'helped them. Joyce Burnham, who spoke on “What Being a Counselor Meant to Me,” said that counseling was not all giving and that a girl got as much out of counseling as she put
in it.
Mary Ellen Scarff and Lynn Erganbright are in charge of the counseling program. Other nieetings are planed for April 30, May 6, and May 15.
Notice
To Studeiits Registered Under the Selective Service Act: Each graduate and undergraduate student registered under the Selective Service Act is requested to call immediately at the office of the Head of his school or division for documents relative to his relationship with the local draft board and instructions on procedure >in applying for deferment. Graduate students, including graduate assistants, should call for these documents at Dean Dukes’ of-
fice.
Students in Engineering Law, Public Service Engineering, Freshman Engineers, and Special Students will obtain their copies at the office of the Assistant Dean of Engineering. Edward C. ESliott, President.
Solberg Lists Good Teacher' Qualities
By Ned Ochiltree Editor’s Note: This is the first of aperies of articles published in connection with the good teaching campaign conducted by the Exponent and Sigma Delta Chi. “Probably the most important requirement for good teaching is that the instructo]r know his subject thoroughly,” stated Professor H. L. Solberg, head of the Mechanical Engineering school when asked what qualities help to make a good teacher. “He should not only know the fundamentals but should be well versed in current practice in his particular field. It is especially helpful if he is doing research or other outside work in the subjects he is teaching.” Professor Solberg, who recently succeeded G. A. Young as head of the Mechanical school, is a recogmzed authority in the field of steam power and for a number of years has directed research in superheated steam at the University. Receiving his Bachelor of Science degree from South Dakota in 1920, he joined the Purdue staff after graduation. At the present he is teaching heat engineering, thermodynamics, and senior and graduate
power plant courses. Emphasize the Fundamentals Continuing his discussion of good teaching. Professor Solberg explained that teaching is like constructing a building. “First the instructor should emphasize the fundamentals; these compose the framework or skeleton upon which the student can build his working knowledge of the course. Thus the teacher can guide the student as to what IS important, making him think in terms of the fundamentals. Too many want to find a formula in which to substitute figures, instead of using common sense.” In his classes Solberg assigns the material in the text and the problems to be worked, and after that he believes that the student can take it or leave it, but at the same time he tries to help those in trouble. Solberg believes that this method is satisfactory for juniors and seniors, but can not be applied successfully to the average freshman or sophomore. Up To Individual “It’s entirely up to the individual if he wants to read the book and work the pi’oblems,” he said. “In
class I try to cover the material thoroughly, work some problems, and give the student a chance to ask any questions he may have.” Solberg gives no dailies because he believes that they are only a club over the student’s head, and he also leaves class attendance up to the individual. Know Your Students “Acquaintance with students,” he added, “is an ideal situation which IS becoming moie difficult to obtain because of the size of most of the classes. When I first came to Purdue, we considered fifteen enough for one class, but now classes have grown to several times that size. With small numbers the instructor can get to know the peculiarities of each individual; this is especially important with the poorer students. “Another of the big problems in teaching is arousing interest in the course. This can be accomplished by showing that Iffie material is vital, useful, and practical; students are not interested in what to them seems useless.” With regard to grading Professor Solberg believes that it is main-
ly a matter of experience. “After teaching a course several times the instructor gets to know what to expect of the students. (Questions on tests should be fair, reasonable, and hit the fundamentals. AsYor grading on a curve, this can only be done effectively in classes so large that the individual is completely submerged.” Activities Are Good Solberg believes that extra-cur-ricular activities are valuable, since they offer an opportunity to learn to get along and work with others. However, they should not he indulged in to such an extent that they injure the student scholastically. In explanation he quoted Stanley Coulter who once said, “Some students get so interested in the side show that they miss the main circus.” Professor Solberg also added that the two biggest causes of student delinquency are lack of application, caused by disinterest or poor stqdy habits, and an actual lack of ability. “Too often students are forced by their parents to study subjaets which are beyond their ability or in which they have no interest.”
By the Intercollegiate Press WASHINGTON, April 24,—^Associate Director Sidney Hillman of the Office of Production Management today urged deferment from selective service for college students who are studying civil, electrical, chemical, mechanical, mining and metallurgical engineering, as well as all branches of chemistry. Manpower in these fields is at a “dangerously low level,” he declared in asking national draft officials to give “immediate attention” in preventing any unnecessary increase in the short-
age.
______________________ Letter Cites Views
In a letter to Acting Draft Director Lewis B. Hershey, Hillman said that representatives of industry, the professions, and the nation’s colleges and universities also anticipated early shortages in agricultural and sanitary engineering, dentistry, pharmacy, physics, biologry, bacteriology, geo-physics, meteorogy, cartography, and medicine. Hillman warned that “the flow of trained graduate students into these fields should not unnecessarily be interrupted by the action of any agency of Government.” “It is my conclusion,” he wrote, “that the national interest requires that students be encouraged to continue their education in these fields and that the principle of occupational deferment under the Selective Service program may be used to assure their future availability to all activities relating directly or indirectly to the national defense
program.
Local Boards Will Get Copies Although the letter was not immediately made public by either the 0 P M or national draft headquarters, it was learned authoritatively that the letter would be transmitted later in the week to local draft boards throughout the country. While not specifically definied in the letter, it was assumed in Washington that the recommendation for occupational deferment would include individual students in undergraduate preprofessional covurses and June graduates who-are enrolled for admission next September in professional schools offering training in these fields. The defense director said his conclusions were based on studies conducted by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. He explained that the Bureau had on its own initiative interviewed “responsible people” in important defense professions and had sought a “cross section of opinion in the matter.” Registration Affected “It is reported,” he told the draft director, “that the uncertainties arising from the attitudes of local draft boards have already affected the^ registration of students for graduate work in the professional
fiqlds.”
“Therefore, it is urgently recommended,” said Hillman, “that the most serious consideration be given by the Selective Service System to the individual occupational def^ ment of students m these courses, so long as they continue to be in preparation or training as necessary men in activities necessary to the national defense program.” Hillman said the Labor Bureau would continue thejr research into personnel shortages and that he would keep the draft director in-« formed of further developments.
Three Engineering Leaders Will Discuss Defense Programs “Engineering Education and National Defense” will be the main topic of a panel discussion to be held tomorrow morning by the In-diana-Illinois Section of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education. This annual meeting of the Society will be started with registration at 8:30 a. m. and following this will be a welcoming address given by President E. C. Elliott in the Memorial Union Building. The panel discussion following President Elliott’s address will be lead by three prominent leaders in the Engineering field; President H. T. Heald, Illinois Institute of Technology, President D. B. Prentice of Rose Polytechnic Institute, and Dr. A. A. Potter, of the University. The election of officers will also be held
at this meeting.
In the afternoon the vaiious departments of the University will hold inspection trips for the delegates. Ending the day’s activities
will be a tea at 4 p. m.
'Dairy Day' Program T0 Feature Banquet Dairy Day, a new activity sponsored by the dairy club, will be held on the campus, tomorrow, starting at 12:46 o’clock. The program will consist' of a dairy cattle judging contest, a dairy products judging contest and the annual dairy club banquet. Professors Kuhlman and Tuckey, of the University of Illinois, will be the official judges of the cattle judging contest held at the pavilion and the products judging contest to be held in Smith Hall. Registration for the contests was held in Smith Hall from Monday, April 21, until Thursday, April
24.
Dr. R. B. Stoltz, head of the Ohio
State dairy department, wiU be the principal speaker at the banquet to be held tomorrow evening in the east faculty lounge of the Union
starting at 6 o’clock, d.e.b. Chemical Society . . . elected thejfollowing officers
at a business meeting Wednesday: chairman-elect, E. T. McBee; vicechairman, J. C. Lottes; secretarytreasurer, F. J. Allen; and councillor, T. DeVries. The chairman-elect does not take office until the following year. The present chairman, Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, will be succeeded by Dr. F. D. Martin for the
coming year.
Banbury Will Speak Here Next Week On Inventiona F. H. Banbury, EE 1906, of the Farrel-Birmingbam company of Ansonia, Connecticut, will address all students interested in inventions at 4 p. m. next Thursday, May 1, m room 264 of the Electrical Engin-
eering building.
Semi-final Round of Brid^ Tourney Starts Tomorrow First semi-final round of the allcampus championship bridge tournament will be played tomorrow afternoon at one o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. The teams qualified for play are listed on too scoi:e sheets posted in the game room.
■ ..TVS ¥mm
//
I'
■4«. ' ,
fia^ 2~£dii6u
Friday, April 25, ld41
fiju/ukuL ^xptmant
Jinuibj^ JoUl Millions For Destruction ... but not one cent for the construction of a lasting peace is the 1941 version of Pinckney’s speech to the French in 1796. While we continue to dump billions of dollars into the manufacture of the latest death dealing devices we also, in the manner of previous generations, look no further than our own noses in planning a peaceful world. We as college students, most of us scientists and engineers to be, must begin to give thought to the uses of the products of our brains. The college graduate of today is the leader of tomorrow and it is to him that the world will look for the generalship of the country. One certain result of this war will be the emergence of the engineer and the technologist as the natural leaders not only in industry but also in government. We are in an emergency and the immediate needs are defense and yet if our defense efforts are to mean anything they must have a purpose more far reaching than the defeat of Hitler. That is, of course, unless we don’t mind fighting every twenty years or so. We should have definite war and peace aims. We must have some practical solutions to world problems. In spite of our intentions to isolate ourselves in the past we have been drawn closer and closer to the world at large. Surely no one still believes that Europe’s quarrels are none of our business when they force us to spend 50 billion dollars overnight as it were, when they put a million of our men in army camps, and when they threaten our whole scale of living. The trend has been, even in private life, to let th^ other fellow worry about it. Each one of us has chosen his own niche, his own specialty, and pursued that course unswerving. And then suddenly we have waked up to find that a lot of people are starving, that more are unemployed, that we are no longer the individualists our grandfathers and grandmothers were. We view with surprise the emergency measures required to strengthen the nation economically as well as militarily. Like Rip Van Winkle we have been asleep for twenty years, sleeping the sleep of complacency. And now another generation has come of age. Are we going to sleep too ?
POPCORN
DRD'S PLACE
FROZEN CANDY BARS
So Handy
ICECREAM SOFT DRINKS
Tht ivft an warn... bat waltV yoa tee those IAS VISAS NIGHTS" ^ TniivOmSEV-etitWElEII SMRIfOnkMtn CONSTANCE MOORE* PHIL REGAN BETTY BREWER*LILUAN CORNER , VIRGINIA DALE • RED DONAHUE MS M« omh "UMO” MMeM fey luura MlffiPinr • a PwaMewit Plotw* i^F===3^
ummcTU Today - Saturday
HELD OVER -TWO MORE DAYS
wHh JEAN ROGERS Olid , iNicKosirsoiaifsiiA IRKO I^PlOH^fMtwtol “THE I0K«$“ PLUS
THE SASTSlOe ms-
— EXTRA — BRITIAN'S R.A.F.
MAAS Starts TOMORROW Sam ^tm! WHEH A WOMAN errs tkat UNCERTAIN FEELING
OBERON DOUGLAS THiT
H
wfih BURGESS NCREDITK LAST TIMES TODAY
/oein ’ ^Ro^nd By Peggy Hoirard
Hang up your top hats and put away those tails! The winter season is definitely over and its white coats and spring formals from now on. So dig your spring duds out of the mothballs and let’s get going to the first group of spring dances . .. Tonight the final co-ed bid dance of the year will* get under way at nine in the North ballroom of the Union. Mortar Board is sponsoring the event, which will feature the music of Byron Bunbar and his orchestra. Cabaret style will prevail, and a floor show will be presented at 10:30 p. m. by the cast of “The College Widow.” The Pi Kappa Phi’s will initiate an idea new to this campus at their spring formal in the chapter house tonight. The Pi Kap's have chosen a queen to reign as “Red Rose of Pi Kappa Phi” during the evening. The lucky young lady is Miss Uelda Byrum of the Kappa house. Congratulations Nelda, and also congratulations Pi Kap’s for having inaugurated this idea on the campus. The dance will be in the form of a “South Sea Shuffle,” and Bill Martin will furnish the music for dancing. Midst the Polynesian surroundings a buffet dinner will be served to members and their dates. + * * Tomorrow night the Alpha Chi’s will dance in the North ballroom to the music of Bill Martin and his band. The dance will be their annual spring formal. The DU’s are dining and dancing tomorrow night at a spring formal in their chapter house. Maury Mahns will ftirnish'the music for dancing here. Thaeles sorority is also entertaining at a dinner-dance tomorrow night. This affair is informal with dancing to radio music in rooms 365 and 363 of the Union after dinner. Two more radio dances (informal affairs) will also be held tomor-
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
CAN'T OiyB mANyTHlNC BUT lOTE, BABY . _ .
— AND —
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
1c SOAP SALE ON POPULAR BRANDS
PEPSODENT TOOTH BRUSH—47c 25c TUBE OF TOOTH PASTE OR POWDER FREE
NEW SHICK INJECTOR RAZOR SET $1.00
VITALIS 50c SIZE—39c
YARDLEY LOTUS COLOGNE $1.00
UNIVERSITY DRUG CU. Free Delivery Phone 4094 or 4095
Tfte ^th Column
In the headlines we find that the: GREEKS SAY THEIR NATION WILL LIVE Which it undoubtedly will. However, to date they have failed . . . To make any provisions for its inhfibi^nts. A >|< A Also we discovered that: IL DUCE EXTOLLS VICTORIOUS ARMY It’s pretty nice, and he ought to be happy, because even if it isn't his fault, at least.. . . He has something to talk about again. ■F !|l ♦ Just as the balcony was getting rusty. >l< >(< After those two we turned over the page only to come face to face with a full page ad guaranteeing us new fighting blood in nine days. The general idea is to take little pills which are crammed full of vim, vigor, vitality, vitamins, and red corpuscles. All we got to say is that under the present conditions. They might sell that stuff fo the army. * * * But not to us. It * >i> Then we ran into another one of these darn headlines which said. Quote. COLLEGE WOMEN - TO LEARN MORE ABOUT DEFENSE
The Purdue Exponent
Siitercd is Bceoaii ilatli matter at the iwet eUiae ia Imfajrette, lAdiana. under the act of Congrew of Manh >, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of poetage ptorided for in aeetion 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriaed Janoarr 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during Uie ngnlar academic year and weekly during the Snmmer Seaaioa. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail aubacription, fS.SO. Editar-ln-Chlef. B. W. Deaahae Bnainaaf Blanager Herfe Hagaaaayer ^ PubHfftfoe Sttff Newa Editor. ...... H, McKee Managing Editor.. _..D. K. Hbiple Aaaoeiate Editon: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. FnrceU, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. S^lerap, Trfiugott. Staff Local Advcrtiaing Managera: D. S. lowers, G. C. Landem; Promotfon Manager, O. F. Oanglemajer; Aaeoants Manwair, R. J, Sbfdford; Circulation Manner, R. M. Recki^iiwalda Ce-mf Staff Mitor. — 1 Beth Biinpcon Ai^iate EdHora: Mary Kay MiUer, Buth Boae, Donna SicaB. Sparta Staff Rditor „..jr. p. Dolan Aaaoeiate Editon: J. F. Adamaon, P. C. Jobnaon, B. O. Swaim.
Phona: Editorial 4005; Buaineas 8471; Sports 2792 BcprMented for national advertising by National AdVertiaiag Service, Inc., College Publishen Bepresentativw, 420 Madison Ave., New Tork, N. Y. Staff For This Isauo Night Editor: Jones Day Editor: WOreley Issue Editor: Klosson Sports Editor: Keder Staff: P. A. Howard, M. K. Boynton, B. Poole, R. ‘w. Boswinkle, A. Chatfleld, D. W. Ochiltree, T. B. Novey, J. F. Zinski, D. E. Butz, W. M. Clark, J. P. Amqs,
row night. The Beta Sigma Psi’s will hold one of these dances in their chapter house, while Cary Hall West will be enjoying a similar dance in the north end of town. And the Pi Beta Phi’s will be traveling down to Indianapolis tomorrow to attend their state day and dance tomorrow night in the Claypool hotel. All of which makes this pretty much of a week-end—even on paper.
Agiiculture triumphs! Wheat is now growing where diplomats once trod—in the miles of spacious parks surrounding the League of Nations palace.
Today - Sat. — 2 Hits Terror Stalks Ancestral Halls!
k Republic Picture with lohn Hubbard * Wendy Barrio ALSO
Joint Meeting Of ASCE Will Hear F. H. Fowler Frederick H. Fowler, national president of the ASCE, will be the main speaker at the annual allcivil engineering banquet Thursday, May 15. The affair will be a joint meeting of the student chapter and Indiana section of the ASCE. A highlight of the program is usually the skit prepared and presented by members of the senior class deriding the CE faculy. Membera of the program committee are “Red” Maters, George Frey, “G. A.” Stewart, and “Marv” Mass. The student chapter will hold an election of officers following the banquet, r.w.b. ^ Prof. B. Elrod- ... of the general engineering staff will give an illustrated talk on “Third Dimensional Photography” before the Camera Club, tonight at 7:30 in room 304 of the Union. Professor Elrod has a special projector which allows him to get depth into his pictures. The public is invited to come to the meeting. s.j.s.
Take a lesson
froin Arthur Murray’s Dance Teachers
W« Ara Now ReatorinB tho VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Bro$dt to Average Wholo Wheat Levels ly Uahig Fleisehmann's Hi Bi Yeast
GRAVES QUALITY RAKERY
Worth of Lotaons in Arthur Murray Dance Book Generous Jar of Odorono Cream If the dancing instructions in this new Arthur Murray Dance Book were given in his private studio it would cost SlOl See how easy it is to learn! And see how easy it is to hold your partner when you use ODORONO CREAM! THE ODORONO cd.,INC P. O Box C, New York, N. Y. Send me the new Arthur Murray Dance Book and generous introductory )ar of ODORONO CREAM. I enclose 25^ to cover printing, mailing and handling. Narae^■■ Address.
City.
.State.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR UTTIE
VOU'SI ALWAYS WILCOMf AT WALSREfllS DRUG STORES
it
In our estimation they could give the army a few pointers. The way we got it figured, those gals . . . Already got it down to a science.—dkh
Public Safety Article ApplaudsProf. Lingo Prof. J. L. Lingo, University director of the Public Service Institute, is applauded in an article entitled “We Take It To Them” 4n the April issue of “Public Safety.” The article tells of Lingo’s work and the success it has attained in the recently conducted district police schools held throughout northern Indiana. ' ' According to the article, the schools were set up to enable town marshalls, sheriffs, and officials in small Indiana towns to obtain accident prevention instruction. Heretofore the officers were unable to get the instruction. No officer has to travel more than 36 miles now to attend one of the sessions at the schools, r.w.b. Wesley Foundation Hears Dr. Bollinger Plans for the new $90,000 home for the Wesley Foundation were revealed by Dr. Heil Bollinger last night when he spoke at the annual banquet of the Foundation in the Home Economics cafeteria. The money for thC new home was presented to Dr. Bollinger during his work at the University. Twenty-two members of the class of 1941 were honored at the dinner for their work in the Methodist Church and the Foundation. Also included in the program was the presentation of the summer conference schol^ships which are awarded each year by Professor G. C. Blalock, b.l.p. David R. Marker ... a member of the agricultural engineering staff, is the author of an article, “Controlled Drainage,” appearing in the April, 1941, issue of the magazine. Agricultural Engineering. The article deals with the problems encountered in muck land farming."/ 1 y *' f * 1v" ^ » ^' " k '*' ^ ^ > y ~, ^ ' J ! „ s
- . Vt
f
f; '-r ViJ^I
fittAdtut, Axtomutt
Friday. April 25. 1941
Siano S-SaeniA.
hhimIMi
1
Riveter Nine Engages lltini; THnlies At Drake For Relays
Annual Military Track Tilt Won
Baseball Team Seeking TennisPlayeisOpM First Win In Conference Net Season Saturday
By Battery C-4
Yesterday afternoon on the ti^aek in ^loss-Ade Stadium, Battery C4 placed first in a very close race in the annual Military Track Meet with a total of 11 points. Bunched closely behind for second, third and fourth places were Batteries A3, H3, and Cl with 10, 9 and 8 pmnts, respectively. Malonesr with firsts in the 100 and 220 yard dashes won th& meet almost single handed for Battery C4. Archer accounted for all of A3’s points with a first in the 440, a second in the 100, and a third in the 220. Duesler, Battery D4 turned in a very good time of 4:46 In the mile run. Approximately sixty freshmen, representing almost every battery, took part in the meet. Several of these men who showed promise of becoming future track stars will be offered suits for the freshman track
This afternoon on the University of Illinois diamond at Champaign, Illinois, the Boilermaker nine will engage a strong Illini squad in the initial tilt of a two game series. In this renewal of conference competition the Riveters will be seeking their first Big Ten victory of the season, having lost a pair of heart breakers to Ohio State at Columbus in. their opening conference series last week.
Against Illinois Squad
This year the Illini boast one of the strongest nines in several seasons, having compiled an enviable pre-conference record and then winning two of three of their Big Ten contests. They opened the conference season with a 5-0 shutout of Wisconsin and split a twin bill with Indiana last week. The Hoosiers were outhit in both struggles, but were able to win the fiflSl game 2-1 after losing a 10-7 slugfest in the first encounter. Both Teams Sluggers Atlhough the Boilermakers are ciurently leading the conference in te^im batting, with a .282 average.
team. 100 YARD DASH—Won by Maloney, C4 , second, Archer, A8; third, Scelze, Cl, fourth, Siegert, El. Time: 10:4. 220 YARD DASH—Won by Maloney, C4; second, Boydston, H2; third. Archer, A3, fourth, Bumidge, Cl. Time: 28:4 440 YARD DASH—^Won by Archer, A3 , second, Morrison, S4; third, Williams, El, fourth, Hetes, C4. Time. 66:0. MILE—^Won by Duesler, D4, second, Lynch, S4, third, Kallok, H4, fourth, Moffot, F2. Time: 4:46. SHOT PUT—Won by Muhl, H8; second, Davis, C2; third, Harvey, A2, fourth, Hanson, Distance: 33 ft., 10 in. HIGH JUMP—Won by Riser, E4 and DufCin, H8 (tied for first) : third, Thompson, HI. Height: 6 ft, 8 in. POLE VAULT—^Won by Biesensyer, Cl, Pope, C2 and Phillips, F2, (tied for second) ; fourih, Reynolds, D2. Height* 9 ft., 8 in BROAD JUMP—Won by Nelson, E3: second, Siecert, El, third, Phillips, SI; fourth, Thompson, El Distance • 18 ft, 9 in.
Riveter Grid Stars Get'Shot'In Action
Thred All Campus Sports Tournles In Near Future
W^ith the time for the opening of three individual Intramural sports tournaments fast approaching, all students interested in either allcampus golf, all-campus tennis or freshman-varsity tennis are urged to sign up on the Intramural office bulletin board. Medals wifi be awarded to the winners of the allcampus tennis and golf tournaments, which are open to the entire student body. Any freshman desiring to play in the freshman-varsity tennis tournament is eligible to compete. Numerals, in addition to medals, will be awarded to the winners in this sport.
A touch of Hollywood was added to the regular football practice yesterday afternoon in Ross-■^Ade Stadium as the Boilerinaker gridders held a dress rehearsal before the camera of Norman L. Sper, a wide-ly-known California sports writer. The Riveters provided a variety of poses along with actual scrimmage between chosen teams. The pictures taken will be a part of a series of 13 movie shorts to be released next fall preceding the opening of the J1941 season. Sper and his crew are making a, nationwide tour of major universities,, taking careful pictures of the football elevens. Yesterday’s pictures were the thirty-fifth in the tour thus far. Pictures were taken of the squad from all positions and angles. Stills of groups of 'coaches and players along with close-ups of huddles _were posed. Both close up and distant pictures were taken of actual scrimmage, wtth the field cleared of all persons but the opposing teams.
Oberlin College co - eds have formed an organization to provide entertainment for men in military service. No, not that—^they are collecting cards and-games for young men undergoing military training.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Fvofessionel
Risk Dental Clink
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4Ui e Main Sts.
Phans 5710
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 LafayOtte Life Building
Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware
Quality Mdse.' 322 Main St.
-Right Prices Phone 2777
Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building
SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY
QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• School Supplies
DEAC'S Everythirtf f^r A College Education
• le^wfelers
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks
Keyi for trunks, door locks, desk lodUi, night latches and padlocks, Auto keys a spraalty. Bicycles, accessories end repairing,
MULHAUPT'S aoe-n M. Sth St. PhonaSBXB
the Illini are close behind in runner up position with a .277 team average. Bartley, Illinois shortstop, is one of the Big Ten’s leading hitters, now holding a .461 three game average so far this season. The entire Illinois team are splendid defensive players, with the squad ranking third in the Big Ten with only five miscues in 78 chances. Johnny Drish, veteran basketball player, is one of the host team’s leading twirlers and is slated to hurl in one of the games in this series. Coach Dutch Fehring will not announce until game time today who his starting pitcher will be, but it IS probable that it will be either Walt Leifheit or John Janisch, both sophomores, who will be facing the first Illinois batter today. Both Janisch and Leifheit hurled their first Big Ten games at Ohio State. Don Blanken, junior moundsman, has not sufficiently recovered from an aggravated ankle injury to see much action in this weeFs series, ■but will make the trip and might possibly do a little relief work. Blanken was-unable to play but a Yew innings of the Buckeye tilts due to an attack of strep throat. Doherty At Hot Corner George Doherty, senior outfielder who has been currently playing beautiful ball, may be shifted to third base in Cook’s place for today’s game, with either Wes Waterhouse "or Bill Carson taking Doherty’s position in left field. Both Waterhouse and Carson have been hitting consistently this week and would bolster the Riveter hitting power considerably. (
Although the Riveter squad is minus four of its lettermcn through graduation. Coach LaBree does not expect the team to put up too bad a showing against the always strong Illinois team. Number one, two, and three spots on the six man squad will go to returning lettermen, Anderson, Richards and Lucht while Stettner and Armstrong will hold 'down the fourth and fifth positions respectively. « Following the Illinois meet this week-end, the racqueteers will enjoy a short four-day respite before they go into action next Wednesday against the Indiana State Teachers College in their first out-of-town tilt.
In spite of the fact that the squad will probably suffer from lack of experience during the first few matches of the season, a rapid improvement IS very probable. After this week-end, Butler will provide the next home opposition for the squad when they come up here for a match on May 1.
We might say: Hitler regards Italy as so much Axis baggage, or, Italy’s contribution to (Jermany: All war short of aid.
*are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Laf^y^tte
See tliese new styles RUidl shades h^Eore you buy yeiir new SPRING HATS
Prices $3t.50 to $$.00 lOOMAIN sr.
^I-Tamow*
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Wate^r-Bloc*
THE UNIVERSITY-GAB $500
If hats could talk, The UniversityGab could boast, “It takes three times as long to make me—I’m a Lee Water-Bloc and I have a gabardine band and binding to match —ahem—gll for five bucks!” LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,” $3.50.
Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
tt*BKO U S. PATENT OFP.
X
Ten Men ToWear Riveter Colors
In Thirty-Second Annual Relays
Illinois, which seems to have almost a monopoly on the time of Riveter athletes this weekend, will further tnonopolize that time when they invade the Boilermakei* tennis courts tomorrow for the opening Conference engagement of the season. For the host squad the tilt will be something like jumping oif a high-dive, since the Riveters, in playing their Conference opener will also be engaging in their first'match of the season.
After a week of strefiuous and spirited workouts, ten membersTbf the Riveter track squad left yesterday afternoon by car for Des Moines, Iowa, where they will take part in the thirtysecond annual Drake Relays today and tomorrow. Coach Phillips has sent Dave Rankin and Bob Wente to represent Purdue in the grueling 440 yard hurdles. Jake Weber is entered in his favorite events, the shot put and the discus. This afternoon the meet will get
under way, as far as the Boilermakers are concerned, with the running of the medley relay. Captain Ed Holderman will run the anchor mile; Stanley, the three-quarters; Jentsch, the half, and Anthony, the quarter in this event. On Saturday Holderman, Jentsch, and Anthony will team with Kemp m the twomile relay. After this, “iron man” Holderman, Stanley, Jarvis, and McLaughlin will form a four-mile combination. All-American Event Latest reports from Des Moines
Intra Mural
Sports
BASEBALI^TODAY Diamond 1—Ward 16 vs. Ward 24. 2;—Kappa Sigma vs Tau Kappa Epsilon. 3— ^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 4— Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 1 6—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 8. 6— Cary Stall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10 7— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 11 8— Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 12. 9— Cary Stall 6 vs. Cary Hall 13 10—Cary Stall 6 vs. Cary Hall 14 TENNIS DOUBLES—TODAY Class "A”—4 P. M. Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Pi. Delta rfau Delta vs Lambda Chi Alpha Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Alpha Chi Rh ova Phi Delta Theta Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or Alpha Sigma Phi. Class "B”—4:45 P. M. Sigma Nu vs Triangle. Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Chi, Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Theta Tau vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Alpha' Mu vs Alpha Sigma Phi
state that nearly 2,600 athletes from all parts of the United States will take part in the meet startizfg today. Experts have predicted that five of the present university records would fall before the closing of the meet tomorrow night, and that four others would be greatly endangered. All told 18 records will be subect to challenge. Included among the vast army of athletes taking part will be nine world record holders. A1 Blozis, giant shot puter from Georgetown, will attempt to better the present record of 65 feet, 1% inches. In breaking the world’s record he tossed the 16 pound ball 56 feet, 6 inches. Gregg Ricfe, Notre Dame’s magnificent running machine, and present holder of the Drake two mile record 'will be entered in a special mile race and the half mile. More Record Breakers Ohio State’s outstanding sophomore hurdler, Bob Wright has been entered in his favorite event along with Don Olson, holder of the indoor record in the hurdles from Northwestern. Altogether more than 50 schools from every part of the country will be represented at the Relays. Every Big Ten school with the exception of Indiana will be present. The Hoosiers are entered in the Penn Relays, j.s.d.
/
Enjoyable Eating! Make your next dinner a memorable one! Come to the Union Cafeteria and enjoy a meal seasoned exactly right—every dish boasting a real homecooked flavor*
Good food is our pride. The Union Cafeteria
JhiL Puiutua, 'rybtmemd.VMim,
The Comer of the Campm— Yei the Center of College Aetiv^he
1
* >4
I®
A o'ipil*’-
A
NNil4
''I < f
^eup, ^ - ^amuuxL
Friday, April 25, 1941
^juAdiuL £xpomiit
Foremen Of Indiana
institute drew an attendance of more than 1,100 persons last year.
Convene Here May 17
Foreman’s place in national defense will be the keynote topic of the second annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana to be held at the University Saturday, May 17. The
Principal speakers will be M. J. Kane, consultant of the Social Security Board, who will speak on the subject, “Training in Industry for National Defense,” and Carl Taylor, director of the Northern Bank of Milwaukee, who will discuss “What Must We Do to Defend America.”
Dairymen Convene; Make Future Plans
Five Finalists Speak Before Contest Convo
Dean A. A. Potter
Street Floor — Front
More than 100 operators of milk plants^’ making cheese, evaporated and condensed milk products, convened on the campus yesterday for a one-day meeting, sponsored by the University dairy department and the Indiana milk and cream improvement association. They met to survey and inventory their /progress and make plans to meet future demands. Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, opened the meeting by giving a general picture of the milk quality problems and a review of the food defense program ■ demands as they are likely to affect agriculture. The program for the rest of the day included talks by representatives of the dairy industry. University staff members and panel discussions all concerning various phases of the broad dairy quality improvement program, d.e.b.
Frosh Engineers Choose^ Future Schools Tomorrow
Five students who had survived the preliminary rounds of competition in the Speech 14 contest presented their talks last night in Fowler Hall before a convocation of speech students. W. P. Peters spoke first on the subject of plastic airplane bodies. He was followed by E. J. Hagerty who proposed that the county highway department build asphalt roads. In the number three spot was R. F. Howes who suggested that, state truck and auto inspection stations be established. W. M. Dempster was the fourth speaker of the evening and he proposed a new electro thermic zinc process. Last came W. H. Lange who submitted plans for a new harbor and beach in Darien, Conn. Results of the contest will not be available for several days because the contestants were rated by the students present. The votes will have to be tabulated before a winner can be selected, d.e.b.
Notices
Freshman and Sophomore Military: Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday. April 26, at* 1:80 p. m. —WOODLING.
All Students: Tickets for PIA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:16 p. m. In the Union, may be purchased for 60 cents from any PIA board member. Reamer member or pledge, or at the West desk in the Union. —KNEPPER.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Form south of the Armory Friday, April 26, 4 p. m., for retreat. Be in uniform. A picture is to be taken. —NORQUEST.
Roger Williams Club: Annual spring picnic at Vawter’s Big Bock Saturday, April 26. ^Meet at the church at 1 p. m. Transportation and meal ticket will cost each member five cents. —ABTMAN.
Tomorrow morning all freshmen engineers will be asked to choose the school they will enter in the Fall, according to an announcement received from Dean Knapp’s office yesterday. These choices will be made in the regular Engineering Lectures class in Eliza Fowler Hall
at 8 a. m. It is important that all engineers holding freshman cards whether or not they are excused from the course attend this lecture. These choices should be made at this time so that they may be recorded in time to avoid confusion at registration time next semester, Knapp explained. j.f.a.
Roller Skating: Leave Wesley Foundation Friday evening, April 26, at 10 p. m. Men 30 cents; co-eds 16 cents. —SHAFER.
Exponent Board: Meeting Saturday, April 26, at 1 p. m. in the editorial office. All junior, sophomore, and freshman workers are expected to attend. " —DONAHUE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, April 25, at 4 :30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. Prof. Frank Hall, of the history staff, will speak. Friends are invited. —CORTISSOZ
WAA: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, April 5. —REDWINE
Don't Put Your
I
6S AWdy!
until they have been cleaned with
the Monite Mothproof Process at
“BEST AlIrROUND FOREIGN STAFF’
READ
in the
PURDUE EXPONENT
the latest and most vital news of THE WORLD
UOLAND STOWB
Form(!rl> mi the overoens ilatf of the New York Times, he eovered the Bulkatiio for four years and knows Central and Mediterranean Europe. Weller, now in the Balkpns joined the Daily News Foreign Staff in December, 1940.
As Received by Special Wire form the Chicago Daily News Syndicate
IIKI.KN KlUKPATniCK
First among llie woman correspondents of her time, Miss Kirkpatrick is noted for her thorough knowledge of European Polities, for her graphic coverage of the Battle of England and for the heats she has scored.
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
... of the engineering schools, was the principal speaker at a meeting last night of the Wabash Valley Purdue Club in Terre Haute. Professor R. N. Shreve, of the chemical and metallurgical .engineering schools, also spoke.
Pi Tan Sigma: Inspection trip to Chicago is postponed. —DAVIS
4-H Club: Annifal Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, 7:80 p. m. Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can nowibe bought from Frank Goris for 10c. —^ANDERSON
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting Tuesday, April 29, at 7:46 p. m. in room 366 of the Union. Unfinished business will be completed. Election of officers will be held. Permanent record cards will be filled out. Keys will be distributed. —NORQUEST
Alpha Phi Omega: Actives and pledges, initiation will be held Sunday. April 27, at 5 p. m. in the room across from the old chestnut room. Notify Schalliol immediately if you will attend. —CHAMBERS.
Purdue Outing Club: Short supper hike Saturday afternoon, April 26. Mrot at the Women’s Gym promptly at 3:80 p. m. For reservations and information call Marjorie Ward, 41111, or Ted Parker. 36462, by Saturday noon. All students interested in outing activities are welcome. —PARKER.
Freshman Engineers: Engineering lectures will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, April 26. All students with a freshman engineering rating should attend this Engineering Lecture in order that they may make their choice of school for next year. —KNAPP.
Religions Council Peace Committee: No meeting Friday, April 26, because of attendance at week-end conferences, —MOFFET.
WAA: Riding call-out Monday, April 28, at 4 p. m. in the gym. Ten WAA points for each ride, 100 points maximum received. Everyone may ride. —REDWINE.
Mixed Recreation: April 26.
No recreation Friday, —FISHLEIGH.
Tan Beta Pi: Formal initiation and dinner Wednesday, April 30, at 4:30 p. m. in the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
Alpha Lambda Delta: See Betty Brown for tea dance tickets. Each member must sell five or donate money for same to the treasury. —BROWN.
Sophomore Workers: All report to Fraternity Affairs Office at 4 p. m. Friday, April 25. -PRITCHARD.
Catalyst Club: Election of new officers
Wednesday, April 30. Chem and Met Build-
for party in
ing, at 7:30 p. m. Sign up fi
Dr. Lovell’s office. —BERGSTEDT.
All Egg and Chick Show Committeemen; Be present at 1 p. m. Saturday, April 26, to set up the show. Please be prompt! —RAMP.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machinas, saw and aaed, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of XKirtable typewriten, $29.T6 to 169.60. Oinee suppUm. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Bbertiioff, OM Main St. Phone, S7T«.
For Kent: Rusa-Rent-A-Car Serviea. Cars for all oeeasioiu. Min. 82.69 all night. Phone >497.
For Rent—3vate bath.
-3 room apts. each with pri-
Independent Men—See the ARTCRAFT DISPLAY of College Specialties, leather seals. Moccasins, white leather vest. Gall at 421 State—3-5 PN. Shown by Mr. E. Willard.
Wanted-r-One or two girls to share nice apartment beginning May 1, near campus. Inquire at Union West Desk.
Faculty Members—Buy an ARTCRAFT ACADEMIC outfit or replace that worn Hood or Tassel. Call 46793. Mr. E. Willard King, Grand Rapids for appointment.
’Lthe BARBIZOH
your Summer Headquarters
New York’s Most Exclusive Hotel Residence For Young Women
For the young woman who wants to launch on a career the day school closes ... for the undergraduato planning to take summer courses ... or the vacationist who appreciates the added features of a New York holiday. The Barbizon, with its air of luxury liviug, its versatile program of cultural pursuits and physical activities provides the perfect background ... a completo library . . . art and music studios (equipped with Stclnway Grands) . . . swimming pool, sun deck and solaria, squash courts . . . gymnasium ... 700 rooms each with a radio.
- »
TARIFF* From $2.50 per day ' From $12.00 per week
Write for descriptive booklet C
Lexington Avenue at 63rd $tre«9 'Now York City
WAA: Archery practices will be held every evening at 4 o’clock. Instructions will be given on Tuesday and Friday. > It —JOHNSON
'A»