J Z «* t I
■'« ;M
Purdue A Exponent
Volume 5L No. 67
Friday, December 1, 1^9
Debaters
Pictured below are four members of the University Forensic group featuredi in today’s program.
Zack Mosley To Judge Debris Beauty Contest Zack Mosley, creator of the comic strip, “Smilin’ Jack,” and famous for his portrayals of “li’l de-icers,” will arrive in Indianapolis by plane tonight where he will be met by a Debris representative who will conduct him to the University to act as one of the judges in tomorrow night’s beauty contest. Also scheduled to put in their
1500 Hear Singers At
Jessye Convo
Maurice Karnowsky Varsity Debater
Don Paarlberg Varsity Debater
Kenneth Mulholland Senior Forensic Manager
Lucy Demoret Senior Co-ed JHanager
University Grad's ... club will give a skating party at Maple Point rink tomorrow, at 7:30 p. m. Tickets are twenty-five
cents each.
?
h School Debaters Arrive For Conference With registrations for the tenth annual high school debate conference slated at 10:30 this morning, nearly 800 student debaters and their coaches will have gathered for a week-end of discussions, debates, forums, and banquets. Approximately 65 Indiana high schools will be represented, at the conference. This year’s high school debate question, “Government Ownership of Railroads,” will form the principle topic of discussion. Varsity To Debate ' ■
Activities will he launched at 1 o’clock with a meeting of district chairmen of the Indiana State Debate League under the direction of Professoi George Beauchamp of Manchester College. A varsity debate on the railroad issue will take place at 2:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall between debate squads repre-
senting Purdue and Indiana.
Maurice Karnowsky and Donald Paarlberg, will form the affirmative team, while Indiana will be repi’esented by Marvin Miller and William Spray. Critique, analysis, and decision will be rendered by Professor Arthur Secord otthe University of Michigan. Professor A. H. Monroe of the University speech
department will preside. Meetings Precede Banquet
A series of district meetings for coaches will precede the annual banquet to be held in the Union ballroom at 6:30 p. m. Music for the occasion will be furnished by the Cary Club orchestra and by group singing led by A. P. Stewart. President E. C. Elliott will then officially welcome the debaters. Eussell Fee, member of the 1938-39 Shortridge championship debate team, will re-
spond.
Geraldine Elliot, manager of the radio station WJR, Detroit, will deliver the principle address on “Our Worthy Opponents.” L. S. Winch of the University speech department, will present the attendance
trophy.
Conference badge will b^ the ticket of admission for the special Playshop production, “Winterset,” to be given at 8:30 immediately following the close of the banquet. Tomorrow’s Schedule A breakfast meeting in the faculty lounge at 7:46 a. m. for coaches, principals, and superintendents will (Continued on page 41
CAN YOU
IMAGINE ANYONE MISSING
appearance at 7 p. m. tomorrow in the ballroom will be Jerry Carlon, Dexheimer-Carlon studios, and A. Reid Winsey of DePauw University who will collaborate with Mosley in the judging. 89 Beauties In addition to these three, 89 co-ed entries in the contest, and an unpredictable number of spectators will be present. Bill Martin and his orchestra will play for the contest and will also furnish entertainment while the judges make their eliminations. Hank Miller, of WBAA, will act as master of ceremonies. Debris officials in charge of the contest have invited all students to attend the judging, but an approximate limit of a thousand has been set as the capacity for the evening. Radical Judge A. Reid Winsey is at the present an instructor of free hand drawing at DePauw University. He served as judge for the Debris contest two years ago and says, “In all beauty contests the girls should wear bathing suits, use no cosmetics, and wear their hair slicked straight back.” The third judge, Jerry Carlon, is offiicial Debris photographer, and was also one of the judges last year. He will take pictures of the beauties that survive the final elimination. Last night at 7 o’clock a practice contest was held in the ballroom with Mrs. Henderson, a former professional model of Maurice Freed, New York, instructing the girls in the proper way to walk. “Walking is the most important part of the show, and it will either make or break a girl,” said Mrs. Henderson while addressing the contestants. Mrs. Pollock, former I. U. beauty, attended the rehearsal and lent helpful suggestions. Truck Overturns; Driver Escapes Tearing down a ten-inch tree and causing $2,000 worth of damage, a trailer truck with a semi-trailer, overturned yesterday morning at the corner of Vine and Columbia streets in West Lafayette. The driver suffered slight cuts and bruises, escaping serious injury. Traveling south with a load of ten tons of farm implement parts, the truck failed to straighten out from the curve in front of the fire station. Witnesses and the driver stated that some mechanical defect made it impossible to straighten the truck after rounding the curve. As a result of the accident, trucks, which usually travel down Vine street, had to be routed down North street to Salisbury.
Johnny Davis Headlines Union Formal In Ballroom Tonight Opening the Union’s celebration of its tenth year on the campus, Johnny “Scat” Davis and his orchestra will play for the Union formal tonight in the ballroom. This is the first in
a series of events planned for Union Week.
If sufficient tickets are sold,
are
Union offiicials say, Irvan Maury and their campus band will play in the cafeteria. The dancing for the formally dressed lads and lassies will begin at 9:00 p. m. with Davis playing before a backdrop d e c orated with top hat, cane and other articles in tune Johnny Davis with the general theme of the affair. Johnny Davis is a hoosier lad who went to Hollywood by way of Fred Waring’s orchestra. After playing in several pictures, he organized his own outfit, and comes to the University after an engagement at the Blackhawk restaurant
in Chicago.
Although it was originally scheduled to open and dedicate the new portion of the ballroom at this dance, difficulties which have arisen make this impossible, and only the old ballroom and possibly the cafe-
teria will be used.
Announce Winners Of Camera Club's Annual Fall Exhibit
*>
Winners of the annual fall camera club exhibit which is on display in the upper hall of the Union have been selected by the judges. Rivers, snow, buildings, bricks, and co-eds all contributed their bit to the camera fiends of the University. W. F. Gephart’s “Notan” was adjudged the grand prize winner. The exhibit will remain on i display until December 9. Other winners were Gephart again in the portrait division, followed by F. J. Hickman. Bill Hedden and Vivian Dickerson took first and second in the miscellaneous division; Gephart and Dickerson in the landscape, and among those Who were exhibiting pictures at the University for the first time, P. W. Aspey took first and second in the laindscapes, followed b^ W. W. Caple. Apsey almost completed a clean sweep by carrying off first and second in the miscellaneous division, but G. R. Towle took third.
Seven Days Left To Grow That Beard
Rasslers To Take Over Entire Union
Beards to protect against cold winter winds, beards to cut down on shaving overhead, beards to bring out that he-man instinct... be they fuzzy, bristly or multicolored . . - LET ’EM GROW ... for the Sigma Delta Chi Riveters’ Rassle on Fri-
day, December 8.
Beard growers and non beardgrowers, both eds and co-eds, are already starting to consider 'a J)ossible costume for the evening . . . “a name in the news.” Both beards and costumes will receive prizes. Top prize of a ticket refund will go to the winner of the contest for the
best all around beard, as well as for the best characterization of a news name or movie celebrity. Prizes will be given on the following counts: 1. Best all-around beard. 2. Reddest beard. 3. Curliest beard. 4. Beard most like peach fuzz. 6. Best “name in the news” characterization.^^ 6. Couple portraying best “news
names.”
7. ' Most original costume. 8. Most grotesque costume. Germans Are Coming The entire Union building will be turned over to the pleasures of the Rassling crowd. It is likely that the German Band will play for dancers intermittently in the cafe-
teria, while roaming around the building at other times, playing in the ballroom when Indiana’s favorite “Doc” Thrasher and his band
take intermission.
Dirt, Pictures Wanted Pictures are needed for the Exposer, and good dirt will be welcomed by all SDX members and pledges. Best candid camera shots of campus playboys engaged in peculiar extra-curricular activities and really cafight off-guard will receive another ticket refund. Give the SDXers the lowdown on your friends ... or enemies. “Dirt” or pictures may be left at the Union desk for Sigma Delta Chi. The ifiilitary department has OK’d beard growing, and no demerits for unshaven faces will be
Combining music with animation the Eva Jessye Choir completely captured with song an enthusiastic audience of 1600 who gathered last night in Memorial Gymnasium for the first session of the scheduled two day convocation. —i————The outstanding feature of the
entire evening was the spontaneity of the reactions of the singers to the spirit of their songs. The deep choral impression of their Negro spiritual interpretations brought forth resounding rounds of ap-
plause from the audience.
As a thoroughly trained musical unit the dioir is carefully safeguarded from the danger of overdirection, thus each member of the group is free to put the emphasis and interpretations on each song that he or she feels is proper. The result is that members of the audience soon feel the rhythm and meaning underlying the spirit of each song. The song becomes a living thing, vibrant and full of life. Each singer in the choir is a soloist in his or her own right and each song uses the blending of the voices of the choir as a background for melody by one of soloists. This method of presentation lends an atmosphere of the deep South to the music that greatly increases its
effectiveness. _
The choir opened the program with a number of the more pofralar old negro spirituals. “Plenty Good Room”, an old plantation shout, was accompanied by very realistic gestures and repeated at the request of the audience. “Rock My Soul” and “Shadrach, Meshack, and Abednego” also struck a deep note
of response from the listeners.
The second group of songs, termed work songs which were especially arranged for the choir by Miaa Jessye and Robinson, included: “Steeldrivers Song”, a well-por-trayed melody, “Water-Boy”, and “Simon, the Fisherman”, a humorous choral and spoken narrative. Hero legends which formed the third portion of the program were foui^ ballads each of which told the story of the Woes and sorrows of some particularly beloved hero. “Casey Jones” was sung in a distinctive arrangement written by Miss Jessye and proved to be a
popular selection.
After three Gershwin melodies, the program was concluded by a wake scene from “Porgy and Bess” in which a tale of a “saucer burial” was finished by a solo and choir rendition of “The Saint Louis Blues”. This special arrangement by Handy-Wooding also was requested by the crowd for a second
singing.
The choir will give the second of the two scheduled programs tonight at 8 in the Memorial Gym. The selections sung will be essentially the same as those presented last night. ^ Two Judging Teams Leave For Contest Seven members of the University livestock judging team, coached by Professor W. W. Smith, of the animal husbandry department, left last night for Chicago where they will compete tomorrow in the inter-col-legiate contests which are a part of the International Livestock Exposi-
tion.
The University poultry judging team, composed of seven students, will leave this morning to compete in the Mid-west Inter-collegiate poultry judging contest, also to be held in Chicago tomorrow. The team is coached by Professor E. E. Schnetzler, of the poultry husbandry department. By taking top honors in the contest tomorrow, the poultry team will win permanent possesion of the trophy awarded by the American Institute of Poultry Industries since they have already won the contest twice.
Dr. Charles Beard To Open 4 Day Visit With Campus Tour Dr. Charles A. Beard, historian and noted author, will open his fourday stay at the University this morning with a tour of the campus in the company of Professor Charles B. Murphy, of the history, economics, and government department,^ He is here at the invitation of President E. C. Elliott for the purpose of evaluating democratic
processes on the campus.
President Elliotr and Professor Hockema met Dr. Beard in Indianapolis last night and brought him
to the campus.
At noon today Dr. Beard will lunch with President Elliott and the deans of the various schools*. At 4 p. m. he will meet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union with the committee on the state of the University, and at 5:30 p. m. he will attend the debate conference banquet in the Union ballroom. A meeting with the Activities Bureau, Student Alliance, and Cosmopolitan club in the Union reception room will conclude his ac-
tivities for the day.
At 10 p. m. tomorrow and again at the same time Monday morning. Dr. Beard will confer with students desiring advice on any topic concerning student relation with the University. These two conferences will take place tomorrow in the Agriculturist room in the Union, and in room C of the Union on Monday. Both of these meetings will be presided over by Professor Murphy.
400 Freshmen
. . . who have not yet be«n interviewed regarding their participation in student activities will soon be notified to come to the Activities Bureau in room B in the Union building for an interview. The Activities Bureau wishes to finish all interviews before the end of the first semester, and it is very important that the students come regu^ larly; otherwise the schedule will be disarranged and it will be diffi-
cult to plan another time.
Hall is having a little beard growHall is having a little beard grow ing contest of its own on the side, with Virginia Pox and Jane Os-* trander, last year’s freshman queen,
as judges.
Ticket^ On Sale Bargain priced tickets for the Rassle have gone on sale at $1.99%, They are on sale at the Union desk, Deac’s, Decker’s, and Southworth’s, or may be obtained from any Sigma Delta Chi pledges. . . the pledges are carrying pigs of type metal. Tickets may also be obtained from actives Don Terrio, Kenneth Houston, Bill Harris, Robert Deckard, Kenneth Burbrink, Robert Insley, Rolfe Jenkins, ^ill Fredei’iek, Bill Kroeplin, Jim Woodson, Bill Catterall, and Harris Stanback.I. ¥6?¥
THE PORDUE EXPONENT
But incidentally— By Petrov We don’t dedicate a column very often, but when we do we really mean it. This morning your scribe Petrov dedicates the column to people who live in Lafayette when the students are gone. We got a little fed up with Chicago during Thanksgiving vacation, and so we took a Friday train down to Lafayette foi a wee bit of sociabzing. That was where we made our big mistake. The train sort of tiptoed into town, and we began to suspect something was wrong. ♦ * ♦ We became more suspicious when the cab driver didn’t try to start a conversation, and the full truth finally burst on us when we stepped into our fraternity house. Weird echoes rang through the halls, and we knew then that the University was temporarily haunted. * * * Lest we be driven mad we went over to the Union to find a human. We found two, both scrubbing floors in the dimly lighted cafeteria. We started to walk into the Sweet Shop, but encountered locked doors barring a darkened interioi Panic-stricken, we bolted upstairs, looking frantically for a faimliar face. Just as we were on the verge of collapse we saw West Desk’s Marianna. i s s And if she hadn’t been there you would now be able to address us at Logansport. Ill « III Finally we found a group of humans—^the football team shooting pool downstairs. It was reassuring just to see people and to hear them talk. Sanity stayed with us in our darkest moments, and we are now sure that we can face any problem that may ever confront us. * * * Except being here when the students are gone. * * « We mentioned the odd swinging doors at B & G’s sandwich shop in Milwaukee a couple of weeks ago, but we’ve found a new one that’ll pm your ears back. It was in a cocktail lounge somewhere in Chicago’s loop, honest, and by means of diabolically clever photoelectric cells the door opens when you get near it, and just as soon as you clear the threshold there is a mighty hissing of air and the door slams violently at your heels.
Jjumltf, JalL Purdue Is Host . . . today to over 700 high school debaters from schools all over the state. This high school delegation will remain through Saturday for their fast-moving two-day program. Because of their forensic activity, these boys and girls include many of the best thinkers and progressive minds in Indiana’s secondary schools. They are the kind of students who will make the best men and women for Purdue University. Today and tomorrow, they will be roaming over the campus, trying to find out just what this school of ours does, and what it represents. We offer them a sincere welcome, in the name of the student body* Today and tomorrow the campus is yours, high school debaters. Make yourselves at home, enjoy yourselves, and come again. Cooperation ... is an old story to most of us, so old that many of you will be scared off by its mere presence at the head of this para^aph. However, it indicates a state of reciprocity which makes most organizations possible. So, dragging the skeleton from the closet once more, for the University administration we ask your cooperation. Several months ago students expressed the desire for a sidewalk across the mall from the new chemical engineering to the EE building. Today that walk stands completed. Now the University is asking that we walk only upon the walk and not upon the mall or the circular patch of grass in front of the administration building. They’ve done their part, now let’s do ours. That’s cooperation!—D. K. H.
We secretly suspect that the doors aie put there to terrify you into stasnng inSide once you get inside. i|i * Hi And that’s the reason we can’t remember where the place is now.
Purduo Exponent g#// Martin
B. K. iMi«r-
m. Smitk.
Bnainesa BIaass«r
0, e. T«rri8„.. KtUtorial Diireetwr O. W. FMderiek JSaiiaffiiur Bditw K. U. Antaulni—Stiller AdtrertlfllBS Mttnacn «. BehUUn* Ce-ed Editor
Ceres
Jtnldaa
..Sperta Bdtiiff
PkenMi Editoritl. MOSi Biudneta, B038: Spertt, 3792 PoMlthed dailr except Hondar dnrins the Madtxnle rear. Satered aa teeond data aattar at iba poet offlee 1b Lafaratte, Bidlaaa, Bsder the Act of Ooniprcaa of Hareb t, 1879. and at tiie special rata of ^taara proyHak tor la BeetioB 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, avlhMriaed Janaary 39, 193X nSnitBSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTI8lN(3 BY
.,. and his campus band will play foi the regular mixer tomorrow night in the Union ballroom which IS scheduled to start immediately following the Debris beauty contest. The usual admission price of one dollar will be charged.
ag honorary, initiated twelve nieif yesterday evening The men initiated weie* G S Abshier, M. W. Adams, H. O. Drabenstott, E. Finley, C L. Ford, C. E. Johnson, P E Keffaber, S. B Legg, J. Slonakei, E L Smith, A P Levebaugh, andM G. Wolf.
Natloiiai Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AvE New York N Y CHICA60 Boston Los Angeles San Francisco Katlonal AdrerHalns BepresentatlvM: Nettop AdTertialns Snrlefc Ibc.. Hadt■en ATMMia* New York, N, T. Member Aa■ocUted CollesUte Preas. Thia newspaper Is written, edited, and pnhliahed br nndersrradnate atndents of Pardoe ITnlTeraltr All opinions in it, tinlesa otherwise accredited, are stodent opinions, and de not necessarily eolnolde with the offielmi UniTcrsity yiewpoint. All onsiKned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delirered by carrier, $S per academic year; by mail, $8 60. Basiness office located at sit N. Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Bnil^bBS, sports office. Field Hoaosk
Nieht Editor. IsBae Editor
Donahae Fletcher
to Chicago and return (Good in coaches only)
Going December 4th and 5th Return limit 5 days from date of sale VISIT THE INTERNATIONAL LIVE STOCK EXPOSITION and HORSE SHOW and other points of interest. Don’t Miss this Opportunity Travel by Rail — Let the Engmeer do your Driving Ask Ticket Agent for further Information NEW YORK CENTRAL SYSTEM
let#
HIS INITIALS ARE SMART • New Hickok tic bar with three smart Kurv-initi^ls Patented Alligator-grip holds securely. Packagedin useful ashtray. Two gifts m one. $ I
Come in and see our selected worsteds, shetlands, cheviots and tweeds. Single and double breasted, full drape models.
316 State St.. West Lafayette
Phone 2237
-MARS — ONE DAY ONLY— SMURDAYy DEC. 9 MATINEE AND NIGHT
New York biage inn ess
Starring TAYLOR HOLMES and an excellent cast including BRANDON TOMMY PETEHS • LEWIS'FRAiiCIS ' OMAN A STAGE PLAY—NOT A PICTURE
Box Office Open Daily 11:00 A M. to 9:00 P.M.
ADM
Mai $55 $83 $1 10 $1 65 Eve $ 83 $1.10 $1 65 $2 $2 50 — Tax Included —•
All Seats Reserved Phone 7903
Passions Unleashed by "Innicent Fun"! |Tifw nimwo TmxH hmm iATmsT
ADULTS ONLY ALL SEATS—35c Midnight Shows Only TONIGHT - SATURDAY
kAid
Friday. December L 1939
The inevitable plea comes again . . we need more contribs, more, more and more contribs The Mars passes are waiting. —B & B— All this talk about the Prom committees lead to this pointless letter addressed to the school in general: Dear Eveiybody: There is always some talk about getting good bands for the Prom. Why not get Kay Kyser for the ballroom, Artie Shaw in the cafeteria, Tommy Dorsey in the grill, Benny Goodman in the sweet shop, Guy Lombardo in the faculty lounge and Gene Kiupa m the bowling alley? —Disgusted. —B & B— The reason, as aforementioned, would be the empty pocketbooks of the Prom committee. —B&B— CHARLIE “DUSTY” DE STEFANO IS another boy tired of the PU co-eds. He found, however, that he had better go back to them. His newest flame is a Butler babe who won’t pitch woo, but remains as cool as an iceberg no matter what line or pleas he uses She’s getting tired of him anyhow. —B & B— Latest reports say that “nice boy” FRED MURPHY is very, very anxious to go to the WRH formal. Some say he won’t go with anybody but httle LEE BOSSONG, while others say if she takes him, she ought to have her head examined. —B & B— I just write the column, FRED. Somebody just isn’t your pal! —B & B— BILL SCHILLING, publicity hound, and my pet, is a popular boy nowadays—or is it his car—or is it his personality—or is it his character, or is it—Well, anyhow, his popularity is only with the Theta house —namely, PAT KIRKPATRICK and MARIETTA DARNELL. That guy!!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
"Don’t contradict me, young man—I’ve been ailing for 20 years and ought to know what’s wrong with me!’’
FACULTY MEMBERS Dr. Charles A. Beard will address a special meeting of the Faculty, to be held on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is desired. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT,
Subscribe for The Exponent
Improve Your Dancing By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS FOR ADULTS Thurs., Dec. 7th, 7:30 p. m. No lessons given during holiday vacation. Phone 2150. Enroll Now ALLEN’S 6th and Ferry
umA
TODAY - SATURDAY
JOHNNY MACK BROWN —-IN — "Chip of the Flying U" — ALSO—. PRESTON FOSTER — IN — ’MISSING EVIDENCE' 20c to 6:00 After 6:00—10.20-25C
TODAY - SATURDAY
Scuttling ships was his business! . . . Snaring lovely women . . . his pleasure!
mm STARTS TOMORROW Mr. and Mrs. Thin Man . , . plus Thin Man Jr. . . . In the NEW adventure that brings fun-thriils back to the screen* rOWELL MyrnaEOY
— LAST DAY — WALTER CONNOLLY — IN — 'Those High Grey Walls"
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY 'SUNDOWN SPRAIRir •Ml M. Awm Mwirc HA$H
— and — 'WITHIN THE LAW" .-wmiPAUL KELLY RUTH HUSSEY —ALSO — ZORO'S FIGHTING LEGION
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE A spook hasn't got a ghost of a chance - -^when Nhncy starts to haunt him!
WfBr '■'•ni.n.
— PLUS — They patrol the no-man's land of the world! "ESPIONAGE AGENT" — WITH — JOEL McCREA JEFFREY LYNN BRENDA MARSHALL
m^ Fdday, December 1. 1939
£xftomjnt fiaqsi
Riveter Swimmers Meet Upstate Team Tomorrow Hampered by the scourge of ineligibility, the varsity swimming team will top off preparations today for their first meet of^the year at 7:30 tomorrow night with a highly touted Fort Wayne YMCA swimming squad. Such a large number of Coach Dick Papenguth’s proteges are ineligible that a squad composed of only two seniors, three juniors, and nine sophomores will oppose the up-state swimmers.
The Fort Wayne team, coached by Jake Wolf, is comprised of some of the best swimmers in the state, with a few well known in national competition. Bill Lamb, fancy diver, has been with the team for nine ^ years. Lamb placed fourth last year in the State YMCA meet. Bill DeSousa, on his first year with the team, is a veteran swimmer, and was formerly on the Princeton varsity team. Another newcomer to the squad this year is Don Leuenberger, last year the best free style swimmer on the Indiana University freshman team. Don placed second in the National meet in 1937. Coach Papenguth’s lineup, which will face the Port Wayne team, is still somewhat tentative. Anderson and McCready are both working for a berth in the medley relay for the backstroke position. Tingley or Mc-
Cammon will swim breaststroke, with the third position lying between Brammer and Herr, free style specialists. Captain Graham and Siler will swim in the 220 and 440 yard free style, with Anderson as an alternate. The shorter 60 and 100 yard races will find Kratzer and Brammer or Herr carrying the Gold and Black colors. Briggs and Soltzman will compete with Bill Lamb of the Fort Wayne team for the fancy diving laurels. Prank and Tingley or'Moller will race in the 200 yard breaststroke race, with McCready and Kusko or Anderson swimming the 150 yard backstroke. In the 400 yard relay race the Riveter team will be composed of Kjratzer, Siler, Herr, and Brammer, with Anderson as an alternate.
POPCORN Is our principal business—that is why we are able to do it better. A gallon for 15c.
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
U
^iowev'6 fof* tke
movi
^ov^mai
You'll win some compliments for being mighty smart if you give her a stunning corsage for this big dance. Don't forget CLARK'S when ordering unusual flower arrangements. Order early.
CIwJl JlifmL
521 Main
Phone 5432
The “DOUBLETON” The original coat with removable body and sleeve lining. ZIP —and you have an overcoat — ZIP —and you have a top coat. Another new shipment of the popular tweeds. All-wool# beautifully styled and tailored.
^25
ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St.
Phone 5975
Famous Swimmers Here For Aquacade Featuring a 26 event variety performance the third annual aquacade will be presented in the Pieldhouse pool on the nights of December 16 and 16. In addition to exhibitions by the Dolphin and Triton clubs and by Boilermaker tankmen, many well known swimming stars will be brought to Lafayette to participate in the show. By presenting just the two evening programs Dick Papenguth, swimming coach, believe^ that they will be of better quality than in previous years when an afternoon performance was also scheduled. Both shows will feature attempts for records in various events. The Dolphin club will do formation swimming and smoke writing and the Tritons will present a ballet act. ^ Larry Griswold, comedian from the World’s Pair Aquacade; Adolf Kiefer, world’s backstroke champ; Katherine Rawls, woman distance star; and Patsy Aspinal, young breaststroke champion, all well known to swimming fans, will attempt to set new national and world’s records in their events. Betty Bemis, a young high school star from Minnesota, who placed second in the senior backstroke and medley events in national championship competition last year, will be on hand to perform for Boilermaker fans. With variety the keynote the program’s 26 events should last from one and one-half to two hours.
A new waterproof finish for cloth is applied in the factory and lasts as long as the cloth does.
palebtJi!L CtwixJL
By Robert J. Deckard Apparently the Boilermaker football team knew whatitwas doing when it elected David William Rankin, 21-year-old, six-foot, two-ii^h, 190-pound left end, to the captainship of the Purdue gridiron machine for 1940’s campaign. —^fc— Dave, as everybody calls him, or “Porky,” as his close associates speak of him, is an all-round guy . . . He’s a good mixer, smart, and keen as a whip, possesses poise and personality even under the most excruciating situations, and handles himself on the gridiron with as much ease as a cat in a parlor. —fe— Captain Dave hails from Warsaw, Ind., and in 1937 entered Purdue as a physical education student . . . The Lambda Chi Alphas hooked him in, and it wasn’t long before he started his athletic career at Purdue, first by pla3dng a neat end for Freshman Coach Elmer Burnham’s pigskin team and then clipping off the hurdles for Freshman Coach Homer Allen’s track squad. —^fc— Then in ’38 Dave, who garnered post nnmboi* two in the best-dressed ed’s contest on the campus for his sartorial display, continued his football activities on Varsity Coach Mai Elward’s contingent ... A varsity letter award was his reward for his
Varsity Metiers Drill For Game With Frosh Monday Preparing to renew their conquest of the hardwood an^ boost last year’s conference average of .500 to a new high, the varsity cagers are really getting down to business. Predominant in the first practice sessions being held on the newly laid floor in the Fieldhouse, is work and plenty of it. Having held previous practice in the gym consisting mainly of getting back into shape after a year’s vacation. Ward Lambert is enthusiastically drilling the squad in anticipation of the coming tough schedule. Last night’s practice consisted
ALL-STAR, ^.AAx)Ajyi/tAjeyiA^
Christmas
Cards
ioiiA ^au^PHame
FOR ONLY
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Squash Team Opens Schedule Tomorrow Tomorrow, the Purdue varsity squash team opens its sixth year with a meet in Chicago against the Lawson Club. The team led by Captain Eberhard is hoping for as much success as last year’s team enjoyed. The Boilermaker squad won fifteen of their twenty-one meets on a schedule which included many of the nation’s top teams. In the meet tomorrow, the following will see action: Captain Eberhard in the number one spot, Morley. Blessing, Munro, and either MacMillan or Smith completing the roster of the traveling squad. The varsity squad has been holding practice sessions since the middle of October, but as yet the year’s schedule has not been completed. However, meets with Notre Dame, Illinois, Michigan, and Chicago are certain to be included.
Rankin made history at Purdue in ’38 when he, almost single-hand-edly, won the inter-fraternity track crown for the Lambda Chis, winning first places in the low and high hurdles, 100 and 220-yard dashes, and broad-jump, and second place in the shot-put. ' —fc— This year he made more history at Purdue ... He played a bang-up defen'sive game against Notre Dame; negotiated a pass for six points against Minnesota; scored a brace of touchdowns, one of which was on an end-around play, against Michigan State; and speared a touchdown pass at Santa Clara . . . During the rest of the season he scared Purdue’s football opponents out of their canvas breeches by playing well some torrid games, both offensively and defensively. —^fc— Culminating his junior year as a Riveter footballer, Dave received recognition from Bill Slater, sports commentator of Paramount News, and Ted Husing, radio sports announcer, who both selected him as an end on their All-American football teams, respectively.
WHY ADD to MOTHER'S BURDENS at this busy holiday time, when American can do your washing just os cheaply!
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
Sport Wear Keep in step with campus styles — wear sport clothes. We have a complete line of men’s clothing in all styles and colors. Come in soon and let us fit you out.
JACKETS TROUSERS CORDUROY COATS
MACKINAW COATS SWEATERS SHIRTS
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
224 Main Street
mainly of working the ball and passing drill. Three man teams working with man to man defense worked on offense and defense drill and taking quick shots from vantage points on the floor. During the course of the afternoon, Elwood “Eli” Yeager, fleet senior veteran, gave an agile dribbling demonstration while woi'king on under basket shots. FredNi Beretta, who will captain this year’s squad, and John Tierney, racy sophomore from Chicago, worked together in the posts of Reamer club, athletic booster honorary, will sponsor a frosh-varsity hasketbaU game in the Fieldhouse on Monday night at 7:30 p. m. Tickets may be obtained from all Reamer clnb men and they will also be sold at the door at the time of the game. The price will be 25 cents. guards, where they set up a terrific pace that will be very helpful in liquidating Boilermaker opponents. Monday night, the varsity will play their initial game in a practice tilt with the freshman team. This game will prove interesting due to the fact that this year’s frosh squad is fast taking shape and may be plenty bothersome to the senior squad. The freshmen have a wealth of experience as far as rhinie teams go, many of the men coming up from strong high school teams which ^ a marked advantage. Probable lineup of the rhinies against the veterans is, Johnson at center, Riley and Seaborg at forward, and Duncan and Raymond playing guard. CleveH Announces Greek Swim Meet / Interfraternity swimming competition has just been announced by the intramural department, with the mailing of official entry blanks, together with a bulletin containing the events and rules governing the competition, to all Greek athletic managers. The splash war will be spread over a period of two days, December 5 and 6, and participation points will be awarded to teams entering one or more men in any event; however conference rules limit any one man being entexed in more than three events, including the relays. Entrance in any single event is also limited, with not more than two men from any one fraternity being permitted, with the exception of the relays. Coach Papenguth, swimming mentor, has expressed his willingness to give training instructions- to competing Greeks on any day from 10 to 12 a. m. and 2 to 4 p. m. Coach Papenguth has posted a list of men who are ineligible for intramural competition. Last year’s competition was won by Sigma Phi Epsilon with Beta Theta Pi coming in second. On Tuesday the swimmers will compete in the medley relay; 50 yard backstroke, 50 yard breast stroke, 60 yard crawl, 100 yard backstroke, 100 yard breast stroke, and 100 yard free style.
"I&
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. December 1. 1939
Mortar Board; Meeting Sunday, December 8, at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. Attendance compulsory unless excused. —SAURER.
(Continued from page 1)
open tomorrow’s schedule. During this meeting the debaters will be divided into eight groups to discuss “What Can Be Done to Arouse More Interest in Debating?” Discussion leaders, who will make brief reports, are: V. C. Rogers, Jefferson, Lafaj^ette; Paul Carmack, Rushville; Winifred Ray, Wiley, Terre Haute; Bertha Thornburgh, Columbia City; Eva. Thompson, LaPorte; Dorothy Benner Rieke, South Side, Fort Wayne; Sterling Shaw, Arcadia, and Alan Huckleberry, New Albany.
A campus tour at 8 o’clock and a forum at 10, conducted by two prominent railroad authorities, will wind up the morning’s activities. Honoi’able Thomas Amlie of Wisconsin will present the case for government ownership; while Robert S. Henry, assistant to the president of the Association of American Railways, will represent the railroads.
At 1:15 Doctor J. H. McBurney of Northwestern University will speak on “Methods of Group Discussion.’’ Three Purdue students and thi’ee Northwestern students will then present a demonstration discussion with Robert Horn of the University speech depai’tment acting as chairman.
A round of practice debates involving 80 high school debate teams will conclude the conference.
Seniors
... will have their last opportunity to select their proofs for the 1940 Debris tomorrow and Sunday when a representative of the Dex-heimer-Carlon Studio will be in the Debris office.
I-M Schedules
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Kurtz. 7:00—-Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Halp4. 7 :15—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 16. 8:16—Ward 13 vs. Ward 21. 8:30—Ward 2 vs. Ward 29.
Court 2—Witsman. ' :00—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 14. [ :16—Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall 13. i:15—Cary Hall 1 vs; Cary Hall 10. i:30—Ward 31 vs. Ward 6.
Court 3.—Aroiison. 7 :00—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 6. 7:16--Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 1. 8 :15.—Ward 1 vs. Ward 14. 8 :30—Ward 33 vs. Ward 26.
Court 4—Kinder. 7 :00—Ward 32 vs. Ward 38. 7 :16—Ward 8 vs. Ward 11. 8 :16—^^Ward 3 vs. Ward 28. 8:30—Theta Xi vs. Triangle.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Model T Ford coUpe. New battery, tires and tubes. Heater. Dependable transportation. Phone 36301.
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR SALE—L. C. Smith typewriter, factory rebuilt; excellent condition; $30. 611 Dodge. Phone 36484.
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD for staff members; Swedish home cooking in private family. Call 66863.
LOST AND FOUND
FOUND: On Inframural Field, a chain with two keys, initials R. E. S. Call at room 102 Civil Engineering Building.
Notices
No notieea will bo aeceptod oftar • p*
Freshman^ Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, December 2, by schools, as follows: A-E, room 201, Civil Engineering building: F-Le, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; Li-R, room 264, Electrical Engineering building; S-Z, room 129, Electrical Engineering building. —KNAPP.
Sophomore Union Workers: Important meeting of my committee on Monday, December 4, at 4 p. m. in Union office. The following students please report: Tafel, Nothman, Corya, Heigle, Kenworthy, Peterson, Thompson, Karras, Spieth, Jones. —HOFFER.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, December 1, in downstairs reading room of library to discuss final specifications for plaque design. —GRANGER.
WAA: Fencing i>ractice Friday, December 1, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —STICKLER.
Purdue Aeromodelers: There will be a meeting Friday, December 1, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union. Plans for smoker will be discussed. ■—HARKER.
Thirteen Club: Meeting Friday, December 1, at 4 p. m. at Pi Kappa Alpha bouse. —JAMES.
Wesley Foundation; Regular council breakfast Sunday, December 8,^at 8 a. m. —^McFADDEN.
Alpha Phi Omega: All members and pledges please contapt Yates at 4096 or McCammon at 6089 immediately. (12-2) —YATES.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for Christmas play will be held Sunday, December 8, at 2 p. m. at the Foundation house. Students interested in production should come to tryouts. —^BROONE.
P. S. A.: Meeting Friday, December 1, 7:30, Reception Room, Union, to hear Dr. Beard. Please attend, —DUNSHBfi.
. Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, December 6, at 7:30 D. m. in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
Women's Bowling Tournament: The following are scheduled to bowl tonight at 6:46: Pedalion vs. Twin Pine; Kappa vs. Ward 4. At 8:80, WRH North vs. Alpha Xi; Collegianna vs. Phi Mu. —SIEBERT.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the English Building, room 111, on Friday, December 1, at 4:80 p, m. Everybody is invite to attehd. At 8 6’elqCk the same - day Dr. C. A. Beard will address Oosmo members in the Reception Room of the Union. —SHICKLE.
Reamer Pledges : Turn Rs in at the regular sing Friday morning. Bring history manuscripts ^ to Heaviion Hall Saturday> December 2, at 5:30 p. m. Be prepafed according to instructions given at the last meeting. —^REILEY.
Reamer Actives: Cars will leave the east entrance of the'Union as late as 6:80 p. m. Saturday, December 2. All those who want transportation to the Initiation be at the entrance before 6:30. —^REILEY.
Wesley Foundation: The Wesley Foundation will hold its second roller skating party oh Saturday evening, December 2. Games iVill begin at the Foundation at 8:88, follov^ed by refreshments. Tickets are 26 cents but will be free to all who bring cars. Those wishing to go slmuld sign at the Foundation House, ASS State St. as soon as possible. —HARRIS..
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Regular meeting at 6 p. m. Tuesday, December 6, at Sigma Nu house. CATTERALL.
Table Tennis: All students interested in table tennis report to table tehnis room in field house, Saturday, December 2, at 2:00 p. m —^DARMER.
Pistol Group: The sixth and last novice pistol group will start firing Tuesday December 6. —^HOLMEIS.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Date of initiation and banquet set as December 14. Hurry on those plaques. (12-1) —CATTERALL.
Dolphin Members and Pledges: The Dolphin-Triton Swim has been postponed until 8:00 p. m. Tuesday, December 6, 1939. at the Women’s pool. No swim Thursday. —OBENCHAIN.
Roger Williams Club: Annual Thanksgiving picnic at Big Rock oh the Tippecanoe, Saturday, December 2. Meet at_ 2 o’clock at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Transportation free. 26c for supper. —SWANSON.
A. I. Ch. E.: Membershilt. cards and student -chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) —MEYERS,
Gimlet Pledges : Important meeting Monday nigbt, December 4, at Delta Tatt Dhlta house after the freshman-varsity basketball game. —FRAZEB.
'CE 6 Students: Examination for the re-
Dolphin Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid to me before Friday, December 1. —COLBY.
moval of C or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) ;
a on Saturday, Decembesr 2.
will be given
Students may obtain permits in Room 102,
Civil Engineering, building.
—LOMMEL.
Mixed Recreation: No mixed recreation Friday, December 1. Postponed until December 8 due to convocation. —MATHER.
CUwai^ 3[ooJl Srruvd,
-
' ■ (
. 1.^811.
West Side's superb cleaning, finishing
IS
and dyeing skill will bring to your gar-
W
ments a smart appearance. This will give
you poise, no matter what the occasion.
jj
Don't wait till the last minute. Call us NOW.
Mill
WE Phone 4081
;ST SIDE CLEANERS Northwestern at Vine
Fruit Cake
No time like the present to start planning for Holiday cakes. Grave's Products are so delicious . . . yet cost so little. Try them—Por Safe at all groceries.
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
\ , NEW WOOL COATS Zipper or Button Styles $g.95
CORDUROY FINGER TOPCOATS $7.50
LEATHER JACKETS $^•95
' One of these will keep you warm enough, comfortable enough, and smart enough to please any fellow.
DEWENTER’S
4l6MainSt.
Phone 3801
She Won't Forget) and the Formal
Flowers just for the Special Time and Occasion
7955
Call
8050
Corsages styled by artists.
omd Luna Theatre Bldg.
635 Main St.
Phones 7955 - 8050
TAKE A YELLOW CAB to the UNION FORMAL
Tonight, when you demand quick, dependable transportation—call a Yellow Cabl Make this big night a complete success by riding in style.
3071 YELLOW CAB CO. 5023
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Tin Shop
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptiong 104 Main St. Phong 6852
• Hardware
Sfierb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone ^777
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderaffe- Prices
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tailor
• Dairy Products
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214