I M./t,{^^v
Relays To Feature Many Events Tomorrow Night
Volume 55, No. 111
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, March 26, 1943
Army Opens A-12, V-12 To Reservists
Scholarship Entries Due Midnight,Apr. 1
Students May Take Tests Next Friday College Plan Is Open To Reservists; Tests Will Determine Eligibility
. All students in the Enlisted Reserve Corps with the exception of those in advanced ROTC and those who expect to transfer to the naval reserves are eligible to participate in the joint Army-Navy qualifying test to be given at 9 a. m. Friday, April 2, at the University, according to a letter from the Fifth Serv-
ASME To Hold Speech Contest Tuesday At 7
Events Will Start At 7:30; 230 Athletes To Participate Notre Dame, Michigan Expected To Win; Major League Clubs Will Send Fastest Man For Track Contest; Queens To Reign By Joe Dawson, Exponent Sports Editor With the firing of the starter’s pistol at the beginning of the two-mile relay promptly at 7:30 tomorrow night in the Fieldhouse, the first annual Purdue Relays will be officially under way. Some 230 athletes representing 23 of the leading colleges and universities in the Middle
Fieldhouse
All entries for the Engineering Undergraduate Award and Scholai--ship program, sponsored by Janies Pf Lincoln Arc Welding Foundation, which is open to any undergraduate engineering student, ai-e to be postmarked by April 1st.
Seven scholarships and seventy- i.
seven awards, amounting to $C,760 Command headquarters received by Prof. Frank C. Hc^ck-
will be given. The institutions of the three top winners will receive money duplicating the awards. The institution of the first prize winner will receive $1,000 to be used for four annual scholarships of $250 each, the second highest institutipn will leceivo $500 foi two scholarships, and the thiid will receive $260. The papers, written on aic welded construction of machine parts, girders, and structural parts, will bo graded on the basis of imagination, ingenuity, and ability. Since this contest is to encourage arc welding construction, no attention will be given to financial need. WBAA Will Present Musical Quartette Tomorrow At 4 Pursuing its policy of something now and different each week. Campus Varieties will present a musical quartette composed of Chris Shenkel, guitar; Jimmy Westover at the piano; Justin Meachiip, saxophone, and an unknown personality as string bass tomoiiow at 4 p. m. over WBAA. Grandma June Hardy will return along with the usual performers, including Pain, played by Becky Ann Peiwine; Prof. T. U. Butts, portrayed by Larry Miller; Moitle and Boitram, played by Virginia Martin and Art Woods; and Ole Olafson as the Swedish yardbird, played by Ed Ericson. Ed Gruis will be the usual Master of Madness and Chris Shenkel the announcer. Presents Comedy Playlet of the week will be a comedy titled “Matinee Idol” written by Jean Frankebcrry. Carolyn Wood will be fcatuicd in the playlot which gives a lesson in feminine foibles.
WRH To Hold Annual Spring Formal Dance Tomorrow Evening Residents of Women’s Residence Halls will hold their annual spring foimal tomoriow from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. in the Halls. Einic Englund and his band from the University of Illinois campus will piovidc music for dancing. Sue Killiiigcr, social chairman of WRH club, is general chairman of the dance with Peg Moreledge, social chairman of North Hall, and Patsy Bishop, social chaiiman of South Hall, heading the committees which are completing the ai rangemeiits. Decoiations will follow a spring theme. Dancing will be held in both North and South Hall recieation rooms; however, the oichestia will play in South only txnd an amplifying system will bring the music to Noith Hall. The dance will be open to lesidents and their guests. WAA TO SPONSOR MIXED RECREATION TONIGHT Tonight WAA will sponsor the i-egular Mixed Recieation entertainment to be held in the Women’s Gym tonight from 7:30 till 10:00. During the early part of the evening there will be badminton, shuffle board, ping-pong, swimming, and various other sports; and other games will conclude the evening’s entertainment. No dates aie lequiied foi the
Navy Reserves Take Health Test
By Jack Abbott Doctor Sayres .1 Miller has been feeling veiy pleased with himself for the last few days His joy sprouts from the satisfaction obtained by going over the bodies bgautiful of some two hundred aspiring V-1, V-7, and Marine Corps Reseive officer candidates, although he had the unfortunate job of lejecting aiouiid thiity per cent of the stiulents because of defects in then physical stiuctuie. Each gioup ol 30 student hopefuls assembled m the icception room of the Student Health Seivice aiound 7 p m. where they were first told one of Doc’s traditional stories, following which they weie then infoimed that no questions were to be asked dui mg the physical check-up. ‘Doc’ leminded the victims that since he was getting a handsome fee for iejecting thirty per cent of the hopefuls he intended 'to conduct his reseaich in a very business like mamiei 'j’j pical Se.ssioii 111 a typical evening session, the students, aftei their fiist lectuie, weie given a raft of papois to fill out; and on each one practically the same thing is lequested. The dates of the student’s various illnesses wei'e generally forgotten by the
time anothei foim had to be filled out but a guess within a year or two seemed to suffice. The next step in the enjoyable three houis was the eye and teeth check. ‘Doc’ became veiy exasperated with some of his hopefuls when they practically had to climb upon the eye chait to see even the twenty millimetei letteis. The coloi text also pioved the failing point ol some students. They failed even to lecognize that there was a change in colors when ‘Doc’ Millei’s face took on a new tone of pink. Human Interest Other moments of interest in this Naval physical were the hearing tests. Millei was for ever asking the excited guinea pigs to keep quiet, and in leality his booming voice could be heard above the small claps ol thundei fiom the adjoining loom The blood piessure of all the students was taken even though some swoie that they didn’t have an ounce of the stuff. The whole panorama of activity was finished aiound 10 p. m. but even the final bell faileil to stop Doc Miller giving vent to his feeling that the best branch of the Navy was the United States
Marines,
ema , assistant to the presi-
dent.
The Office of the Regional Director for the qualifying test of civilians for admission to the Army and Navy college training program now designated as A-12 and V-12, has ruled that men now enlisted in any branch of the service are eligible to take the test. It is unnecessaiy for those students who are in advanced ROTC or those who expect to become members of the naval reserve to take this test, as both of these groups arc slated for training programs. The advanced ROTC will go to Officer’s Training School and the navy reserves will automatically be eligible for the Naval College Training Program, V-12. ERC Urged To Take Test The ladiogram from the War Department, contained in the lettei to Professor Hockeina, urges ERC members to take the test. An order issued by the University Militaiy Department states that it is desirable that eligible students take the test as it will not be given again for six months. Students, not members of any reserve corps who wish to apply for admission to either the Army or Navy College Training Program, will take the test at the same time and place. All those (reserve and non-reseiwe) who desire to take this test should fill out an application at the Personnel Office in the Executive Building on or before March 31. The examination place will be announced in the Exponent at some time before April 2, when some idea of the number of men who wish to take the test is known. The radiogiam from the War Department contained in the letter from the Fifth Service Command headquarters follows: “Commanding general of each ocrvice command will inform aimed services representative in each college 111 which enlistments in enlisted leseiwe corps have been effected within the seivice command, that enlisted reserve coips students are eligible to participate in the joint Aimy-Navy qualifying tests April 2, and aie to be urged to do so. Enlisted leserve coips students taking the test should cleaily indicate enlisted reseive corpsi status on answci sheet.” Shoemaker House Redecorates For Opening In April Shades of the past in the foriU ol Tom Sawyer tactics, wallpaper, egg nogs, plaster, cokes and potato chips went into the ledocoiating of the Shoemaker giils’ co-op house in piepaiation foi thou open house the fust Sunday in Apiil. In tiue coed fashion the gals invited a few eds ovei to help them with dirty work of removing wallpaper last Thursday and Fiiday nights and to help them paper the walls Saturday night. Back To Normal At Eleven Conveniently the house mother was “peisuaded” to stay in her room until 11 p. m., at which tjme things wont back to normal, well everything except the bathtub which was still full of wallpaper paste. Diess for the evening for the coeds was shoits and bare feet. The eds, however, did not dress for the occasion hut weie well pasted, pajieied and plasteied before the evening was over.
Next Tuesday at 7 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union the University Student Branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold its annual speech contest to select a representative to the I’egional meeting which will be held at" Northwestern University on April 12 and 13. Sponsored by the National ASME, the main purpose of the contest is to encourage persons with ability to “speak in public,” according to R. W. Leutwiler, honoraiy chairman. Judges for the contest will include Prof. L. V. Ludy, Prof. W. T. Miller, Prof. E. F. Bruhn, and a student representative from each of the Mechanical and Aeronautical Engineering honoi’ary fraternities. First prize for this contest will be a ten dollar merchandise certificate donated by Southworth’s; second prize, a copy of Machiner’s Handbook donated by the University Book Store; and the third prize will be a copy of Roget’s “Thesaurus” donated by Deac’s. The winner of this meet will also be eligible to shai’e in the $56 in cash prizes that will be awarded at the regional meeting. Capf. Ben H. Petty Speaks For ASCE On Akan Highway Captain Ben H. Petty, speaking on the Alcan Highway, was the principal speaker at the ASCE meeting held in the Civil Engineering Building last night at 7:30 p. m. He was introduced by Bill Ebling now acting as president of the ASCE in the absence of Charles Morris who is now in the Air Corps. The lecture was accompanied with slides which had been hastily made from glossy prints which the government engineers sent to Capt. Petty. The first few slides were maps showing the route of the highway, followed by a few pictures of the various men who are in charge of the construction. One of these men was Col. Wheeler, Civil ’16, one of the chief engineers who is now in chaige of transportation on the load. Road Completed In Six Months Sixteen hundred and thirty-six miles in length, the road was completed to a state of passibility with supply trucks in less than six months: the latter part of Jun^e through November. It is 18 to^SO feet wide and graVel throughout. Its condition now may much better be described as that of an improved pioneer road which will be improved later to a state equal to the standards of the PRA, Public Roads Administration. Inland Route Chosen From the two route possibilities the inland route connecting many an ports in Canada was chosen instead of the coastline loute. According to Capt. Petty this made the load comparatively safe from bombing and gave an excellent supply loiite for the airports which previously had been supplied only by air. This summer the road will be continued up to Nome, Alaska, which IS only a short distance acioss the Bearing Straits from Russia. This, says Capt. Petty, is a possible jumping off’ place to
Japan.
Tee Gee . . . town gills’ club, will hold a meeting today at 4 in Room 263 in the Union. Speaker after a short business meeting will bg Prof. Mailou Russell of the Physical Education Department.
Aeromodelers Take To Sky
For Air Contest
Vinson Wm Speech
Contest; Sykes, Anderson Place
. . . will be decked out like this for the Purdue Relays, in which 230 athletes
will participate, tomorrow.
West will, during the course of the gala three-hour show, endeavor to make this meet one of the finest athletic events of its kind ever staged here at the University. At the present time it looks like a two way battle between Notre Dame and Michigan for the team title. However, Indiana, Ohio State, Minnesota and the Boilermakers and a
host of other teams will probably have quite a bit to say about
this before the evening is over.
Adding plenty of color and beauty to the event will be Relay Queen Sue Mayer and her court—Kay Heitmann, Martha Lee Riggs and Ann Ostrander. At 7:00 Sue will lead the parade around the track after which
she will be officially crowned “Queen of the Relays”. For the rest of the evening the four girls will be seated on a specially built, gaily decorated platfoim at the we'st end of the Fieldhouse, from where they will present the trophys and medals to the four top place winners in each event. The Relays will be broadcast
over WBAA.
Thirteen Regular Events Included in the three-hour show will be thirteen regular events in addition to the PE 12 wall-scaling contest and the special “baseball dash” between the fastest men from each of the major league baseball teams training in Indiana. Preliminaries in the shot put, 60 yard dash, 60 yard low hurdles and 60 yard high hurdles will be held at 3 in the afternoon while the trials for the pole vault and high jump will begin at 6:30 for the benefit of the early
buds.
Now that the Riveter trackmen who are in Advanced Military may compete, Coach Hermon Phillips has enteied 28 men to represent the University in “his” Relays tbmoiTow night. The Boilermaker four-mile relay team is expected to provide plenty of thrills for the local fans. This team is tentatively made of Chuck Duesler, Fred Kindei, Jim Ashwell and Kenny Lynch.
Gutting To Compete
In the individual events, Paul Gutting, brilliant hurdler, will probably be the chief Riveter point gettoi. Paul has been ineligible all season, but due to the new freshman and seivice man ruling will be able to compete. Ralph Barnes, another huidlei. will be making a strong bid to help ouc the Boilermaker point total. In the high jump, Freshman Wally Blum has a fine chance to
Activity in Miller’s Field, just south of the Golf Course north of town, from 2 until 5 p. m. Sunday afternoon was due to the Aeromodelers first spiing contest. To the victor, John Loufek, for a 3:26 minute glider flight, went the
Harker trophy. This trophy was Chosen as best speakers of five established by an old member of the finalists in the Speech 14 demonclub, and is passed'down eveiy year stration, held in Fowler Hall on through the club. Tuesday evening, were T. F. VmIn order to make things more fair son, G. Sykes, and B. R. Anderson, for all contestants, a handicap fac- These speakers were ranked in this tor for all classes was agreed upon order by the students that were
befoie the meet; then the individual present.
times weie multiplied by it and
ranked accordingly.
Bob McCown was second with a class B gas (light of ten minutes. Loufek placed third also ivith a stick model. Ed Weilei, the club president, and Bob Quinn placed fourth
and fifth, lespectively.
From each of the twenty-two Speech 14 sections a speaker was selected to enter the preliminaries which were held on Thursday, March 18. In the preliminaries five fiom this group were elected by Speech instructors to show their ability at the demonstration in
Fowler Hall.
Finalists Use Graphic ftlaterial The five finalists piesented their class speech dealing with the initiation ol some business project. Some form of graphic material was em-
Out of the 200 oiitiants in the delivery. It was
lo Close Tomorrow
best soldier contest, si.x will be picked tomoriow, starting at 1 p. m. in the Aimoiy, as the top military student.s m the fieshman and soph-
omoiG classes.
Each class has a set of three medals to bo awaided to the three top men; a gold, a .silvei, and a bionze medal for the thiee positions
lespectively
Pielimiiiaiy juilging will bo by members of Scabbaid and Blade, which IS spoiisoiing the contest. The final decisions wnll bo made by regular aimy officois. The military students will be
emphasized by the membcis of the Speech Department that this program did not constitute a contest. Speeches were presented to instruct the students in technique and thus encourage the want for better speaking ability. R M Horn of the Speech Qepaitment acted as chairman. A blank was passed out asking questions of those piescnt conce.ning different
speeches.
Sigma Phi Epsilon social fiabeinity, announces
judged on g’lcidos, attitude, soldiei- the election ot* the followiiip* offT- i ut 4.1.. 4. ^ *4.i« Iv >,nnnnv.,noo f..mh. w.iu ^ 1 ank 1 ight up at the top aloiig With
ly appearance, familiarity with commands, and othci points An examination will also bo given.
Triad
. . . spoiisoiod by Delta Chi, Theta Xi, and Pi Kappa Phi will be held in the form of a formal in the north ballroom Friday night. Music, fuinished by Hank Messei from Illinois, will be broadcast over WBAA from nine to nine-thirty. The crests of the fiaternities sprayed with the fraternity colors will form the
backdrop.
cers: Piesident, Bob Layton; VicePresident, Jack Skillman, Secic-
laiy, Jack Rcnbargef. ERC To Navy Or Marine Reserves
Last date for ph.vsical examination Fridaj, March 26, at 7 p. m. or Saturdaj, March 27, at I p. m. Papers must be in by Saturday, March 27, noon. Sign for interview when you turn in your papers. Interviews will be held on March 29-30-31 and April 1.
—VV. A. KNAPP
Taylor of Western Michigan, another freshman. Blum is capable of
jumping aiound 6 ft., ‘1 in. Mile Relaj To Be Final Event
In all probability the highlight of the evening’s performance will be the final event—the one mile relay. In this event there will be enteied three outstanding teams, Notre Dame, Michigan and Illinois, any one of which could very easily crack the existing world’s record. Also if Notre Dame and Michigan are, as is expected, leading in team points at this time, the race will
(See R^ILAYS, page 4)k Y
u
f':iP " ’' '
' %' \ . Plige 2
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 26, 1943
Purdue Exponent
\
' Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Ficldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phono After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor Willinm G. Hoskins
With the Colors
Editor Business M^na!rcr News Editor tfanafdnR Editor Senior Advertising Mnnnger Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Executi>e
Dale E. But/ Gerhard H. Kloumnn Robert W. Bosn inhtc Sally Beall James G. Petty Joseph S. Dasvson Jean I,aucr A. Jane Kcim
Publication Staff " Editorial Staff Associate Editors: F. J. Voph, J T RicliartFon, T I,. Tilton. W. H. Tyson. W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindell, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff; C. So-nards. J. Ackerman. D. Shiycr, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assistanlt AdiertiMng Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, ,T. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: Ig. H Krocplin. Accounts Manager; Mary Dilts.
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in-Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Ndght Editor: Martindcll Sports Editor: Sowards Day Editor: Baynes Issue Editor; Dominik Workers: Ford, Helffrich. Donham, P Richardson, Lumkin, Bauer, Howes, Gregory, Abbott.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday morningb durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1,75 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters . by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Ruhlibhcib Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
SlMefits Fail \ ' t ^ Rea Cross . ..
At the beginning of this month, the American Red Cross began their annual Membership and War Fund Drive throughout the country in an effort to raise $125,000,000 which will be used to meet their budget during the coming year. The local drive under the direction of Eth Baugh was launched soon afterward and at last reports it was nearing its goal of $37,000, but the response of the student body has been somewhat disappointing. The canvassing of the faculty was handled through the President’s office and final tabulations show^ that nearly $3,700 was collected from that source. Of course the students with their limited resource.s could not be expected to compete with the faculty on a per capita basis, but it does seem that University students would be able to contribute more than twenty cents per person. Although the results are incomplete at the presen time, the students of the University have contributed only $1,000 and $250 of this total came from the Women’s Residence Halls. This means that the remainder of the campus gave only $750. The original quota called for approximately fifty cents from each student, but these figures show that we have fallen far short of our quota. Assuming that there are 4,500 students in the University, fifty cents per student would rave amassed a total of $2,750. We do not have to stretch our imagination very far in order to see the lives which might have been saved or the deeds which might have been done by the Angels of Mercy with the $1,750 which they did not get. In this war the Red Cross is a front line outfit as well as an instrument of home defense. Red Cro.ss field directors go Avhere the men go and commanding officers have come to lay extraordinary emphasis upon the work that is done by the field directors in strengthening the morale of the troops at battle positions. Nurses recruited by the Red Cross for the army and navy face bombardment with the men they are pledged to serve and specially trained hospital workers do their part on the fighting front. In addition to the heavy load that the v.’ar has imposed upon this great organization, they are still active on the home scenes. In case of fire, flood or other disasters, the Red Cross is always on the job. We are sure that everyone realizes the big service that the Red Cross performs, but evidently we do not realize that it takes money to perform this service. Our support of this noble project.s ha.s been very weak when we consider the fact that Ave have given only tAventy cents per student. Officials in charge of the driA'e assigned us the very small quota of a penny per week, but .so far we have failed to meet these goals. Although the drive on the campus has officially ended, it might be well for us to recon.sider our decisions and see if a penny per Aseek oi’ fifty cents per year is too much to ask for .such a Avorthy cause. Contributions Avill be acceiked at any time at the Red Cro.ss headquartei-s overtoAvn.—d.e.b.
Sn^tVJUJL St^UpOA.
1 sf. Lt. Charles Groines
.'.. has recfciJitly been pionioted jioni lauJc of secoud lieutenaijl in the ai-my. He A\a.s a menibei' of tlie Kappa Sigma fratei’nity and lelt school in his junior year at the University. He is now stationed in the Infantry Western Mountain Combat Division.
qte mmm MERRY-GO-ROUMD
■y DREW PEARSON
China
By G. B. Wu
Hit JhSL
Anthony , ^den Pledges Aid Of England In Japan's Defeat; Spanish Refugees WorTc In Africa
WASHINGTON—Anthony, Eden left his diplomatic language behind Avhen he went to Capitol Hill for a private luncheon with Congressional leaders. Not even Harold Ickes could have been more forthright in answering questions shot at him, at Eden’s oAvn invitation, during the luncheon. The young British Foreign Minister touched on a variety of subjects dealing with international affairs, but got in his most effective shots in answer to questions regarding the isolationist bromide that the British are interested chiefly in licking the Nazis and will leave us to fight Japan alone. “Let’s forget emotion and sentiment and look at this as a cold-blooded business proposition,” declared Eden. “AfLer finishing with Germany and Italy, we have every reason in the world to continue the fight against Japan until we have crushed' her also.” Reminding his listeners that Japan was as much an enemy of Great Britain as of the United States, Eden observed with biting emphasis: “Australia and New Zealand are part of the British Commonwealth of Nations. Among other commonwealths and dominions, they have been in this war from the start. Do you think for a moment that we are going to let them down ? Do you think for a moment that any true Englishman would desert these valiant people? We will fight together until the Japanese menace, like the Nazi, is wiped from the face of the earth. “Yes, and there’s Singapore, gentlem,en,” remarked Eden coldly. “It’s a matter of pride with us to revenge Singapore.” Eden pointed out that it was realistic for the United States, if for no other reason, to pursue the war against Germany and Italy until those nations were smashed. Just as Calais in the control of the Nazis is a danger pointed at the heart of the British Empire, he said, “so would the British Isles, occupied by the Nazis, be a dagger pointed at the United States. Neither of us has any choice. The United States, Russia, Britain and all the other United Nations are going to keep on fighting until we have annihilated the A.xis powers.” • Eden's Meal Was St'reamHned The menu for the Eden luncheon consisted of a small piece of roast beef, a vegetable, potatoes, coffee and pie. The British Foreign Minister ate sparingly. When the luncheon was over. Senate Foreign Relations Chaiiman Tom Connolly, of Texas, remarked to colleagues, who flocked in to shake hands Avith Eden, that they “didn’t miss much in The way of food.” “However,” added Connolly w'lth a nod to Eden, “I guess it W'ould have been a sumptuous repast in Great Britain.” ® Movie Inspires Tax Payment
A pieview of “Desert Victoiy”, a real life movie of Gen. Montgomery’s unit of Marslial Rommel, w-as attended by Representative Edward Hebert of Louisiana and Charles Campbell, press attache of the British Supply Councii. “What did jou think of it?” Campbell asked Hebert a.s the two emerged, blurrj-ejed, from 20th Cen-tury-Fox headquarters in 'Wa.shington. Hebert was a hard-boiled editor of the New Orleans States for 15 jears before coming to Washington. lie replied: “That wa.s the inost poiverful moving picture I have ever seen. After watching all those gallant young British troops killed in action. I feel like doubling my income lax paj ment to the government.”
® Make Slaves Of Spanish When Secietary Hull was asked in a pi ess conference Avhether Spanish Republican lefugces in North Afiica would be released fiom Vichy prison camps he replied that they would be released after consultation with the Franco government. Unfortunately consulting- Franco would be tantamount to consulting Hitler about the status of Cer-inan-Jewish refugees in the United States. IIoAvever, the U. S. Army m North Africa has gone one step further than that. It is now using Spanish Republican prisoners in North Africa as contract labor gangs. This has been reported ofiicially to the State Department by one of Mr. Hull’s consuls, who says that a U. S. Ail Corps unit ha.s signed a contract with the Compagnie Mediterranee-Niger to construct barracks and hangars. The labor used for this construction are Spanish Republicans, who operate virtuall.v as slave labor. The Spaniards, who fought, bled and w'ere taken prisoners for the sake of a democratic-republican government in Spain, are onlj to glad to work lor the Americans, according to the State Department report. But at present, having been imprisoned by the French Vichyites, thej are working at slave wages for a Vichy company. At Casablanca also several thousand Spanish prisoners are worldng on American construction projects at the starvation wage of seien francs a da>—about lourteen cents. This brings up the whole piobleiu of Spanish refugees, about wliieh the State Department is sayinglittle. Foi some time, the Mexican governnient has expiessed willingness to serve as a haven for Spanish Loyalist refugees, who, if they went back to Spain, face unprisonment or execution. However, w-ith U. S. ships leturning- empty from North Aliica, and w-ith Mexico lefusing- to send us inorc laini w-oikors because of her ow'n lahoi shoitage, nothing has been done aboui Spanish refugees. • Rubber Czar Considers Unpopularity Rubber Czai Jcfi'cis was reminded the other day: “A lot of people don’t like you Mr. Jeffers.” “Yes,” v.-as the comeback, “but are there an.v of them who overlook me?” . . . C'ongies.swonian Claio Luce talks about the Wheclcr-Wallace axes, both of w'hicli she says, lead to trouble. The Wallace theory of post-war peace is too idealistic, argues Glare, the Wheeler thesis too isolationist. . . . Hauy Hopkins has been telling Congressmen; “The boss is biggei than the Demociatic Paity. He’s coiivii|ced w'e can’t make this war a political one.” . . . When FDR was introducingMadame Chiang Kai-shck to some of hi.s friends, he said: “This is Beriiaid M. Baruch. Bernje’s raised me tor about .‘-10 yeais.” Baruch countered: “And don’t you think I’ve done a pretty good job of it?” (Copyright, 1913, liy United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
(Continued fioiu preceding issue) Music plays an important part in the Chinese life. There are five kinds: for joyful occasion, to bo used at times of calamities, for .Avclcomlng of guests, martial music, and congratulatory music. China oAves nothing- to any other nation for her music or musical instruments. It IS said to have been in use prior to 2600 B. C. and is the oldest form of music in tlic world. Legend tells that about this period the Emperor Hwang--ti commanded Ling-lun to cut bamboo tubes, Avhich, when blowm into, would give forth the notes of both the male and female Phoenix. These mythical birds had a scale of six notes* the male beginning with what avc know as C, and ascending- in full tones to A. The female biid beg-inning with C sharp and ascending- by full tones to B. As the birds were thou.g-ht to sound the notes alternately they produced a chromatic scale of twelve semitones. The twelve tubes or pitch pipes cut by Ling-lun gave forth the key note for an individual scale, therefore, there were twelve cliiFcrent scales. Lost Art The veiy ancient music of China is declared by scholars to be a lost art as the records perished in the 3rcl Century B. C., at the time of Emperor Tsin Tc-hwang, Avho had all records and books burned in his efforts to destroy precedents. But it is evident that prior to the time of Confucious there existed: The 12 semitones comprising- an Octave. The five notes of the ancient Pentatonic scale. Eight diffeient sound-producing instruments. Six diffeient kinds of dances Avith music accompaniment. Also that one of the si.x arts to be learned w^as music, and tliat the proper a,g-e for a boy to begin to stud.y music was thirteen years. Also, and most important, there were national teachei-a at that time. Written In Y'crlical Hows Chinese music i.s v/ritten bymeans ol' vertical lows of characters, with signs to denote rests or pauses. The notes arc sometimes flatted or sharped, according- to requirements, but tlicre arc never moie than fourteen sounds m any composition. Mu.sie is written in only simple coinnion tunc; triple or copipound time being- unknown. The time marks eomnionly used arc an X, called pan, and a circle, called yen. The first at the side of the accented note, the second at the bide of the unaccented. There arc other time marks but used appaiently without regard to any uniformity. In 960-1126, the Sung dynasty used a notation known as GoongCheh, introduced fioni the Northern Liao dynasty, a race clo.sely 1 elated to the Mongolians and Manchus. This system corresponds to the western Sol-fa system. Thus the Chinese had the diatonic scale with complete names, 600 ycais old. There are no huimonized tunes ui Chinese music, m fact harmony is littlo moie than thico hundred years old in the west. The Chinese say their instuimonts give to the tune, or air. what is .supplied by the lidded notes to complete the we.stern chord. The idea of harmony it IS saiil, came from the bai barons houles ot the north. The (See CHINA, page <1)
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY
Two Famous Heroes Blast the Plains with Gun and Song!
Purdue CIu-i.stian Foundation Sunday Program Morning—At the Church Building Sixth and North St. 9:30—Student Classes. Prof. M. G. Mellon of the Chemistry Department Avill speak on the subject, “Science: Saint or Sinner?” The Bible class will review the books entitled, Revelations, IlebreAvs, I Peter, I, II, III John. 10:40—Church Worship Service. “Must Wo Have a Church?” is the title of the sermon to be preached by the Rhv. Doyle Mullen. Don’t miss church during- the Lenten season. Evening at 131 S. Grant 5:15 — Fellowship Supper. Be suic to come on time, and have your reservation in by 4. Call 4393 if you don’t register in the morning class. 5:45—Recreation and singing to begin the forum program. Discussion will be centered in the form of a debate, “Resolved That Our Economic System Should Return to the Pre-War Status Quo After This War.” Virginia Sellers and Ed Goetze w ill take the affirmative and Dona Irion and Don Aper have the negative. Ora Max Wellman will serve as chairman. Byron Spice Avill lead the closing- worship peiiod. Dismissal at 7:30.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner Chauncey and Columbia Rev. J. B. Gleason, Minister and Pa.stor of Students 9:30—Roger Williams Foundation class hour. The regular church school lesson Avill be taught. 10:35—Morning- Church Worship. Sermon by the pastor, “The Man Who Violated His Allegiance.” Music by the choir directed by Ivah G. Price. Organist, Mary Louise Repperl. 5:30—R. W. F. Fellowship hour and supper. 0:30—R. W. F. forum iiour. There will be a discussion on “Why Join the Chinch?” This is the first of a sciies of pie-Eastor discussions.
— HELD OVER — TODAY - TOMORROW
TARZAN TRIUMPHS with JOHNNY WEISMULLER FRANCES GIFFORD
M8DNSTE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:15P.M
W£rcouMn’t live down their Reputations — so they lived up to them!
GIORGr CrRAIDlNl-
BRENT-FITZGERALD
Donald Crisp • Nancy Coleman • Gene Lockhart LARRY SIMMS ■ ooNALo wooes • Oiimloa by Irving Rappcr hitioi/uotig GIG YOUNG
Just Looking Around
X By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson Prime Minister Winston Churchill seemed to be talking about a particulai’ phase of the fighting along the Mareth Line Avhen he announced last Sunday that his fighting eighth army had been driven out of the Mareth Line. The British Eighth Aimy has progressed so far behind the Mareth Line since Sunday
that it is very likely that the
Afrika Korps will soon have to withdraw or face a quick defeat. Another reason for the likelyhood of the Germans
withdrawing north is the continued success of the American forces under General Parton to the north of the Mareth Line. XXX The farm labor shoi-ta.ge is becoming so serious, even with the new federal legislation stopping the drafting- of farm labor, that the governor of Colorado, J_ohn C. Vivian, has order the stopping- of the drafting of farm labor on his own initiative. There seems to be something lacking- in the Draft Board personnel that would allow the farm situation to become so serious. The trouble might lay w'ith the men on the board as they might all he city dwellers, and thus are unable to comprehend the seriousness of the farm labor shortage. It might turn out that slate e.xecutives and legislators will have to forget their attempt to stop the Ppcsiclents of the United States from serving more than two terms and try to halt a disastrous food shortage. XXX Russian I'oices aiound Smolensk continue to push ahead; but thg.Nazi killers are continuing- to have excellent succe.ss east of Kharhov. One reason that might be given foi the continued success of the Russians around Smolensk is the colclcr wcather in that area and llie fact that the giound is still frozen. The coming- of summer along the whole front w'ill determine beyond a doubt w'hethei the Russians or the Germans are the,stronger. If the Russians are able to continue pushing the Germans back, they may lie in a position to dictate the peace to HiLlci. This sceni', to be sometliingthat neither the Germans nor the Butish and Americans \vant.
The Ratio
3.55... to 1
Wo arc printing- this on request of its writer, obviously a Kappa. You guess which one: RETRACTION May it be said Cor Betsy Jansing that she has not, as reported in the last issue, ever seen that mairied Ensign. She has been seen about town with another tall (supposedly) handsome member of Uncle Sam’s Naval Department who, the defendant assured us, is not married. Someone has been misinforming somebody. Also reported snubbery of one Ruth Cummings is nothing- but lumor, rumor; too much ol that stuff running- around! No need for said snubbery; everybody is good friends with everybody. They
say.
Passing by a deep, dark corner the other night, w'c heard “Sis” Wiley telling someone how a thing of beauty has oy-iides forever. . i . Which reminds us—what -w-ith the tempo of the times and the declining latio and evciything, the goils (See RATIO, page 4)
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phono 5701
Univer.sitj i’resb) teiian Church North Street Near Grant Russell Shaw, Minister pro tern Wni. Morgan, choir director Nancy Young, Organist 9:30—Sunday School. The book of the Revelation has been chosen by tlie student class of Dr. C. II. Ciaves as the subject for study and discussion for the rest oT the present teim. All students as well as the cadettes and soivicc men are invited to attend the meetings of this class. 10:30—Morning Worshq). “The Higher Morality” will be the subject of Mr. Shaw’s sermon this Sunday. This wall be the last Sunday on which Mr. Sliaw will fill our pul])it as on the following- Sunday, Ajiril 4, the Rev. John W Findley w'lll return to the pulpit. 6:30—SLinda.y Evening Club, Prol. Robert Phillips of the Hisioiy Department will speak followiug the .^L’ppei which is 15c pei plate.
ALPHA CHI'S 10 CELE3RME
25TH ANNIVERSARY
Celehratioii of the 25th anniversary of the founding of Alplia Beta chapter of Alpha Chi Omega on the Univcisity campus w ill be held Saturday, Apiil 3. with a banquet in the Union in h inor of chartei niembcis, and the fol'owing afteinoon W'ith a tea at the chapter house, Mrs. Paul Zollinger, president of the Alpha Beta corpoiation, ha.s announced. \ One of the seven oiiginal founders of the Alpha chapter at DePaiiw Univeisity in 1885, Estel'e Leonaul, is expected to attend the celebration as Is tlie daughter of anothei foundei, Hannah Keenan, now national secretary of Alpha Chi Omega. In the 25 years since 22 charter niemheis oiganized the Alpha Beta chapter, 300 coeds have been initiated on this campus. Miss Beitha Cinn is hou.scmother for the active chapter whose house is located at 525 University sLieet.
with
th RALPH RICHARDSON
. DEBORAH KERR - HUGH WILLAIMS
MFliVliTIj
TODAY and TOMORROW
MILTON BERLE
RLE HU(
Reginald Frank
A2D(h DENNY ORTH
Cenlury-Fox Picture
PLUS A PICTURE YOU'LL CHEER!
TUCY HEPBURN KEEPER. "AFLAME
RICHARD MfHORF - MARGARET WYCHERIY - FORREST TUCKER ' FRANK CRAVEN - HORACE McNALLY - PERCY KILBRIDE ,
5 DAYS Starting Tomorrow
LAST TIMES TODAY
MARS^ Friday, March 26, 1M3
Boilermaker Sports
Page S
^ i
Outstanding PtfFdrrifiahtizs Mark Phillips* Career
Coach Was Running Star In High School College
Reeck Enters Ruggieri, Evisfon In AAU Match Although the 1943 wrestling’season is for the most part history, there still is the final canto to be wrestled out, that of the National AAU meet that is to be held in Brooklyn, N Y, April 9 and 10. Usually at this time each year, the Boilermaker institution sends a delegation to the National intra-collegiate meet; however, this season theie is to be no National meet due to ti ansportation difficulties; therefore, the Boilermak- yeai took a heaity second m the er delegation goes instead to ^'8 Noithwestem
the National AAOmatches “ “S”
This meet, the National Wiestlmg
Two men will represent the championship of the Amateui Ath Riveter interests in Brooklyn, letic Union of the United States, IS Co-captam Fi<xnk Ruggieii, heavy- being sponsoied by the Swedish-
0///e Hunter
weight, and Waiien Eviston, 175 poundei These two individuals have been a definite pan of mam stays to the Boileimakei wiestlmg team the last two seasons! Ruggieii has been undefeated the last two seasons in dual meets, has been the Big Ten champ m the heavyweight division the last two yeais, and last yeai took thud m the National In-
ti a-collegiate matches Done OK For Three Years
Warren Eviston, the othei Ructei to make the tiip, has wiestled on the Boileimakei vaisity the last
Ameiican Athletic Club of Biooklyn N Y, and the West Side YMCA, New Yoik City The lules that will govern the affaii aie the standaid AAU wiestlmg lules As foi tiophies, theie will be awarded to the fiist, second and thud place men m each class the standaid National AAU medals To the high scoiing team theie will be awarded a stcilmg silver tiophy, donated by Col Hans Lagerlocf
Letter Winners Announced For Wrestlers, Squasbmen, Aquatics Last evening tAe athletic council of this University voted on the awarding of athletic awards to the participants of the winter sports, swimming, wiestlmg and squash Following is a list of the lettei winners and the size of the awaid All letter and numeial winners should report to the varsity checkout loom in the sub-basement —— of the Fieldhouse to be meas- Wiestlmg awauls for 1943
111 ed for then sweater sat their P
earliest convenience Swimming aw uds foi 1943
Major P
W V Dunii, Toledo Ohio, C Eiicksen, Brooklyn N Y , E
Rogei Clasenian, Clinton, la , Velmai Davis Coiydon, Waiien Eviston, Iluntiiigton Dan Nettesheim, Milwaukee, Wis , Eiank Ruggieii South Bend, Mark Mato Vina, East Chicago, James Paia-
Heidke Chicago III , T Juengst, tore East Chicago
Co ich Tom Robinson s many ycais of seivice as coach of Noith-
thiee yeais, has consistently won western university’s swimming matches all three seasons and this team were biough forcibly to his — — attention this yeai when Jack Hay
ford, sophomore free style swim mer, reported for the team In 1912 Jack s iathei, Walter Hayfoid, won his lettei m swimming and water basketball Robinson was then seiv mg his second yeai as the Purple
swiinmmg coach
the finest distance lunner to represent the Fightin’ lush ot ]>iotre Dame since the college days of the mighty Gieg Rice Hell be m attendance tomoiiow night, when the relay carnival opens.
New Rochelle N Y W E Snead Folk Union, Va , J R Williamson (captain). South Bend Minor P V 0 Dai row Honolulu T H , W M Giubc, Latiobe, Pa W L Hiisch South Orange N J K A Koch, W ilmette, HI E L Mills W Lafajette, W F Smith, LaPoite, C T VanDiisen Bummf,ham, Mich , Mgi John Nestle New York, N Y G Sodeiling Chicago, 111 Fieshman Numeials
Minoi Awards C V Graft, Manager, Winches ter, William Fleming Manager, Battle Creek Mich , Bob Platt Winnetka. 111 , Vernon Singleton, Bia zil, Clinton Sowar ds Bluffton, Ma11011 Stackhouse, Bonbon George Steudel, Chicago 111 ,' Ed Klein, Chicago, 111, vaisity member, three
> ear s
1 leshman Numerals Charles Plant Hammond, Robei t Lautzenbisei, Hobart David Rob eits, Detroit, Mich , Robert Rob
Everythirtg for a College Education
DEAC’S
Notace Theie will be a callout for fieshman «nd sophomoie baseball manageis this afteinon or any after noon within the next two weeks in the Fieldhouse or on the baseball diamond at 4 p m —KLEIN
J R Anthony, Glencoe, 111 , R J eits West Lafayette, Alvin SwaizAnthony, Glencoe, 111 , R W bach, Chicago 111 , Einest Natke, Biownlow Elmira NY R A Forest Park, 111 , Harold Parsons, Cummmg, Peoria, 111 , P S Hansel, Stieatoi, 111 , Frank Dunn, Tulsa, New Orleans Li , W J Kann, Chi Okla cago 111 , A F Knotts, 1 rnkce Squash awards for 1943 town Fla ,G D LaBow H immond Major P D A Leach, Ottawa 111 , G W E P Wells, W Coinwall Lees Lyon Chici.,0 111 J F McMullen, burg, Va , F C Hess, Argos, D M New Rochelle NY L S Rayl Long, Newark Ohio, Raymond Co Danville 111 , M G Womblc Tulsa, hen University City, Mo , Win H Okla Tyson, Everett, Ohio
)Vithout_ma(ice, genlleuf
cn,
Intramural Schedules
ivi
tlfi Van Heusen white'shirts»y*f
the only shirts~ivitl^ collars that are_woven] to fit the human neckJ
Iiatcinity Bisfb 11 will stilt on Monday March 29 This will be i lorn game schedule with the eight best teams going to the single elim Illation pi noils Medals and a team tiophy go to winner of the league A.11 games will be played on the Inti imuial Field west of Russell Street Filtv paiticipation points will be given loi cnteimg pomts being deducted foi games loifoited Giound tides Ball going through 01 ovei fence is good for two bases only Ball 1 Hiding in infield of an other diamond is ..ood foi two
bases only Check out catcheis’ equipment and score book fo games at the Intiamnial Checkout Room All games start at 4 15 p m Each team must throw out a good ball for each game Watch Exponent for the schedule of games Each team will be required to play two games per week one oioup on Monday and Wednesday and another group on Tuesdiy and Thiusdav Please see that your entiy blanks aie tumid in to Intiamuial Office by noon todav
Smoo-oothJ The Van Heusen shirt collar launders perfectly — without a pucAer — because it’s woven in one piece instead ol the usual three layers of fabric Can’t wilt —doesn’t wrinkle al] through a day’s wearing
IDO YOy D8G iT? Subnitfed by tig Mayhew, Kent Stale UniveNity ^ cool IHC
Van Heusen
Laundry-tested, Sanforized, quality fabiics Shaped body cut, tapered waists Plenty of ac tion room at armholes, shouldeis, sleeves Come in and get a few, today'
sP.es
Jladh.
Lihe Magic! The Van Heusen shirt collar folds exactly right every time — because the foldhue has actually been woven in’ Can’t be ironed wrong' The collar feels soft —look" starched, )<.t needs no starch!
Shirts®
FinniViui
Slietl Floo/
Papii Cola Company, Long Island City, N. Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers
IMan of the horn o i the Boiler maker campus is the serious, anuable track mentor Heimon Phillips Now completing his sixth veai at the Riveter institution his history is interesting and eventful From Southern Indiana The eve of the Purdue Relay carnival finds Phillips at the peak of his biilliant career that started in the early twenties at Rushville high school in southern Indiana It was there that Phillips launched Ins caieci as one of that decade’s finest runnels and staited on the path that led to his later fame As a freshman rn Rushville high school Phillips was the mainstay of the school’s cindei team He qualified foi the finals of the In diana high school track meet and was victoiioui in the mile lun that year This peifoimance he repeated foi two more successive years until Ins senior yeai when he was upset in the final race This yeai 1923 howevei, he qualified foi the naRoy Heidke, Bill Snead, Jeungst Go To Nationals Roy Heidke Boileimakei swim ming star and holder of the Moild Record m both the 50 vaul and 50 metei bieaststioke events, will caiiv the gold and black colois in the National Intercollegiate Swim nnng Meet at Ohio State todav and tomoiiow Also icpiesentmg the Rivctei school will he Bill Snead who will swim m both the 50 and 100 yaid fiee stvle races and Johnny Juengst who is cnteied in both the high and low boaid divin„ events Yal Ohio St iLc uid Michigan uc legal Ic 1 is toinicmosl con tcndcis loi the title hut \ ilc is likelv to [iist up this meet in older to lest ioi the NA.YL meet which IS to he held next week Manialiga Leading tontcndei Ohio StiLcs Emil Mam iliga is considcicd to be the stiongcst can diktc toi cuiNing oft iiidniduil honois Tim Skmiici ol Michig in the Big itn swimmin^ chunp will not puticipitc in the meet Vlso absent fiom the cntiy list will he the NA.AU chimpion Jim Council in 111 who IS in the Yu Coips Otlioi outstinding sw inimeis w ho 1 lU he picsent toi the meet include Him Ilolluli\ ol Yliihigin who clue itciis to bic ik ill ot the iccoids set I \ \dolph Ixcilei ot Clm igo in tl c hickstiol t events J ick Pctcis ot Ylichig 111 Icadiim 220 litc style contiiulci xiui Bill Smith iiUt kco i\ ik un 1 ot Ohio State st uidout iitc sl\ lists 111 ddltioii to these men \ ill be Mieliii ills star 100 y lul lite stile sw immei J lel Pit
ton
Ohio Stitt Deteadin-, t hanipion Ohio Slate as detending chain pioii IS iL^auitd IS hiviiip. 111 ex tl 111 lit eh iiiei to It pc it 1 ist \ t u s piitoimiiui despite the tiet tliu they have leeeiilh lost two ol then stionycst iquatie stats Vs tai IS the Boilcim ikt is squ id IS eunecineil the meet it Tolumbus will ho till hn il showm^ toi llitii ioL the 1112 lo SI isou
tional prep running championships which were then held at Stagg Field on the campus of the University of Chicago There he capped his biilliant prep caieer by leading the pack acioss the line m the mile run This meet has since been dis-
continued
Netman Too “Phil,” as Ire rs known to his fi lends, did not confine his athletic activities in high school to the cinder path salone Weighing only 135 pounds he was ^n All-State floor guard on the Rushville basketball squad which went to the semi finals of the state tournament
that yeai
Upon his giaduation he enteied Butler University in Indianapolis wheie he was destined to attain gieatei fame thioiigh his running piowess He yvas not eligible for vaisity competition during his fieshman year at the Bulldog institution Howevei, he competed in seveial AAU meets One of his most memoiable peifoimances occuiied then when he ran in an AAU meet at Louisville, Kentucky, and defeated Joie Ray in the halfmile iiin Ray was at that time one of the top notch Ameiican distance
runnels
Ylthough he also qualified for the final tiyouts toi the Olympic games that veai he did not enter following the advice of his coach, Pat Page who thought he was too young at that time Ylways versatile Phillips was then running the 3000 metei steeplechase College Star Neai the end of his sophomore veai at Butlei he won the mile run in the state collegiate meet, the 440 m the Western Conference meet, and the 440 in the national collegiate championships This was the last season that outside schools weit allowed to entei men in the events ot the 'VVestein Conference Phillips junioi veai saw him victorious m the 440 and 880 ot the state collegiate meeting and again witnessed his victoiv in the 440 at the n itionaL Pie also lan on the iccoid bieaking relay teams at the Kansas and Di ike relays Dm mg his semoi veai he won the 440 and 880 in both the state college and nation rl tiack meets He thus became the only man in histoiv to wm the 440 at the nationals toi thiee veais in a low These victories preceded Phillips’ giaduation m 1927 Olvmpies Vt Last The iollowing veai saw the highlight ot his lunning eaieei when he accompanied the Ymeiican Olympic team to Ymsteidam in Holland where the great mteuiational spoit eiiiiivil was held that veai There he took touith pi tee in the final ot the 100 metei luti i Pollowuig this Phil letiied fiom letivc competition and took over the duties is head tiaek coach at his almi niatei, Butler University M inv 1 imoiis stars passed under his tiitel i-,e duiing his coaching sojourn theie Rehi\ I ouiuler It was at Butler that phUltpt,, bioiulit his ditams to lite, when he loutided the greatest nndwesteirn lelav eaiiiival the famous Butler Ktlivs With i Fieldhouse equipped lo hiiulle mou than 10 000 peisons, (See PHILLIPS, paae t)TT'tS',
*1,9
I^ge 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 26, 1943
University Calendar
Friday, March 26
cst r,itultv I 4e , Union
Kooni ^01 Union
Rooms ‘>32 334, Union EasL Facultv L!,t, Union
9 00AM No Cent SlUesEnt Conf
i 00 P M Cosmopolitan Club
C so P M Methodist Student Dinnei 8 00PM Mathematics/Dept Sqnaie Dance 8:00 PM 4 H Club Mectme and Dance
8 So P M Pi Kippa Phi iiid Theta \i Dance South Ballioom Union 8 80PM Cai> Club Dance \oith Ballioom, Union
Saturday, March 27
8 so P M Mixei Noitli Balhooin, Union
Alpha Lambda Delta l^atio
Announce Initiates
Sigma Xi Initiation To Feature Speech By Prof. Elvehjem As one featuie of the annual initiation the Society of the SiRina
est Paculty Lge , Union Xi cmII piesent an open lectuie at
7 30 hlonday in Stanley Coultei Hall by Pi of C A Elvch)em Piol Elvehiem is a piofessoi ot biochem istiy at the Uiiiveifaitv of Wiscoii
sin
The sLib]ect which he will discuss IS ‘The Piesent Status of the Vita min B Complex ’ Pi of Elvehjem has lust iGcently been awaiclcd the J2nd Willaid Gibbs medal the
‘T'wenti fieshman <,i Is iieie ini tinted into Aljiha Limbda Delta national fieshman women’s scholas tic honoiaii at an eaih moining meeting on Sundae Maich 21 Alpha Lambda Delta was oigan ized foi the pin pose of piomoting scholaiship among fieshman worn en in colleges o\ei the eountn Eligibiliti loi the oiganmation con sists of making an index of 5 '*') at eithei semestei duniu the fiebh man leai Membeis aie aetnc in the oiganization dining then soph omore \eai Lnncrsiti Is Second Chaptci Alpha Lambda Delta was hist be gun at the Lnnelslt^ of Illinois in
(Continued fioni page 2)
aiound these jiaits lie becoming
moie and moie bia/en oi so the lankmg honoi of Ameiican Chem signs would point It is getting to ifetiy and the highest awiid of m be plett^ ton id when young and tei national scope which the Chi innocent fieshmen with the floweis cago Section oi the Ameiican ol oiith still blooming begin sign Chemical Society can bestow
nig out all night foi iiateiniti houses Jo Hart is the pioiieei di leetoi oj the ‘new movement” A big till ill loi the Alpha Chi Rhos
IvVPPVS CONI RIBLl ION The Ratio Depends Upon its Rats Help' Help'
Iniprcssne poitals of Iv K G closed to all niai ried men—(fatheis
Sigma Xi IS to have initiation and a business meeting foi election of officeis followed by a banquet The Rctuie will follow but is open to the public since they felt th it it would be ot inteiest to students and faculty Pi of Elvehiem is a native of Wisconsin, and has studied at the Univeisity of Wisconsin and Cam budge Univcisitv in England He has done much woik and stud\ in nutiition and the elements involved
in it
Phillips
bpenee iiaev lisks Kathaiine Hcpbuin loi more inloimation coneein mg the death o( h(?v hu-.band He know she hasn t told the entire stoij, 111 this seme liom HI G >1 s ktepei ot the I lame at the Mais Ihcatie, stiitiiu tonoiiow (o si nil li icj and tliss liepbiiin, the him tells the ‘ton ol a n vsten sui i oiinduig the d''atli ot a t imous man
Relays
1924 "With the foimation of the and biotheis excluded) bv oidei of Unneisitv ehaptei the second Jean Yahres' It can’t haiijien membei the oiganization became a twice' sciearned Yahics second in national honoian Now theie aie a Ion*, list ot innocent victims when
China
about foi t\ chaptei
ovei the eountn
New initiates uc "Vlildicd Kist iiei. Fiances VilliaTin Eiances A1 len, Lucille Madingei Mai*,aict Mmei Ann Rippetoe Bai bai i San dels Maitalee Sindei Man liim hie, Pat Bauei June Hut Bettv Obeile Katheiine Bud Elmbeth King Patiieia Pfleideiei line Seaiff Mai,,aiet Steftes Mai ion Swanstiom Sonii SweidloP and
Betty Holmes
Chubb To Talk At Conference “Pcisonal Relnio IS Liviii-, is the theme of the Indi uia Methodist Student Conteienee bein„ held at Wesley Eoindation today tomoi low and Sunday Di J ime S Chubb Asso late Secietny ol the Geneial Commission on Evan^^elism of the Methodist Chinch y\iil be the pimcipal speakei Repie'-entatiy e Jioni colleges and unueisities ill o\ci Indiana will attend this conteienee Stu dents of the Unneisity aie invited to attend all oi any pait oi the con feienee Piogiains may lie obtained at the Wesley hounda'-ion building Othei leadei'' oi the conicience aie r O Beck seeietan ol the committee on Campus Reli*,ious Lite at Indiana Univeisity, S L CaU|Uth pastoi oi the Cenlenaiv Chuieh Tciie Haute C D V Hildebiand piolessoi of philosophy at DePduw Univeisity, II A Eh lenspeigei editoi oi Motive and John W Tennant Mmistei to Stu dents at DePauw Univeisity
(Coi tiiiued fiom page 2)
in univeisities mioi med bv'' a Kappa chum th it not Chinese app iicntly knew thcic was
only one but both oi ihosc lovelv oiffeience between a pipe ind i hi,, deli*,htful Ensigns she spent stung jiioduemg the s une sound
list Satin diy in„ht oozin^ and en thusin„ with aie in lined' Ii my inoic ol this „ocs on the KAPPA KIDD\1LS aie sei loiisly oil ulciin,, ehuKiim then rame to somethin*, nppiopudte like — Gotta Koppa
Poppa
PIN SI RI N VDI \ L V SinV VRl As 200 voices eompiising the Um veisity Chon softly hiimmei' the lomantic biek,,iouiid Delt Bob lvin> lilted hi quiveiiiK secjiid teiioi to weakly cioon the v oi” out sti uns ol I love Aon I uih Aliei be itin up sc \ ei al me isiii c site une time loi ])! 1 ,*111 leaniiic 11 me to letuin sweet sentinisnls Bin to even ones ina/cmcnt putieulaiiv \1 btcwail s she B KI D tii ned led Hen puiple th q -,iecn uid when he hn iRy *,ot aiound to ih it cop lei c st the ol I \Iiestio decicl cd tl in*,‘- had v,one ( ii enough so he tinned off Hie luicc vnd n t in tunc ' T hin*,B wei e be-,innm*, 11 get i iPtlc sic une 1 up \nd ill tl c 11001 old „ ly w Is tiyin,* to do w is vi. 1 in hin s up i little
nil
cics
JhL £xxJtanqs PdaL
THE ACfOMMOD f I1N(, ViOn Accomnn datii * stui on in tno limy w ith only i G lion c 1 c 1 lege tidinin*. i cu iip i t Ic u nv has conceive! i p . in In t i i nn *, college tiaiiiii Iv i new jil u of con esp niJenee coil c ih jiicUi is explained in a j unph! L is u d 1 v
MN in 1
I hate V d it
M lu n it late f uise suio a Jail lies ilieady itc Coiny Coeds Lie inspiring SIGPl Of I HI MIPK Pli G un K ipp 1 Inn sonic Paul Blakelv lane Spiaguc ( L Paiiisli a 1(1 Betty I ou Kiudiip ))Iay in*, f ojis i I Robbeis in stoci iiu feel ill 0 c he Kc pi i lull t law 1 Now th V uc Ici tili/m tlc])iue 1 lit 1 he ev el *,1 ecus 111 level be the s uu
my ith II 1, ol 111 i/cisitics ofTcim t'e CO icspo dci c e com ses I 1 I ts o' su! nets offcied bv e ich
— I b" D‘k >(a Stiidei t
Mit 3) years ( arnegit Iiisti lute of 1 cell! (lory has chosen 'wo c( ( d y f P 1 uici ‘ Vs 3 ci it li is not been (Iteidcd whetier liic els and coeds will too istoiindc I it tlvii lust ippeiiiine to *,ct behind the tc iin Ol wlutliei they wen simply niiycling ov ei tie changes that i war con'd in I'ce even to the person
ml <f the yell squad
though no scientific lea^on loi it is *,iyen oi advanecd b> inakois oi V estein mu ic il instiuiients Iiisti unients Niimbei 72 the music il insti iiments oi Clim i nuinbei 72 in dl and aie di vided into eight categoiics Me nv oi thes mstiumcits aie no longei used 1 ho ei*,ht divisions aic 1 Stone insti uinents — stone chimes squoious stone 2 Metal — Bells gong oOng chimes eyinbals ti limpets ) Stum eel — lute psaltiy bai loon giiitai thice stuiigod guitii mocn lilt us toui stiinged vio lin two stiingcd violins hiipsi
eho (1
1 B i nl 00—P Hide in nines cc e mom il tiiitc eommo 1 hut'' sin ill tilde el 111 met h Weod 1—Sonoious box mi sieil tigei Cl t lets wcolen fi h ( SI 111 — I u e b 1 e' di u n 111 ill 1) 111 e' d u n 1 It 'e dun 11 it
di um
7 (.(Ill i s 1 ec 1 (1 „ 1 1 S ( 1 y Oc 11 in Desi*,nt 1 T o Imit He ‘''oinc 11 Uumeiits ue ('esi„ne('11 unit no the hii lan voce oiheu th wind mount ii ton cuts n ilcs of *,ucl Ol inoLum s etc In Lste um to the SOI lids ol the ditfeieiit iiisl u ments 01 the conbiiied sounds t c ( hu esc iioi only he ii 11 soi lu s but v'so the ssoeiited ule is whi h the SOI nd oJ e ich inst iiinent le
e ills
rill bells give foith i smn 1 which ill ieeo„ni/e and which tie ites m uti il enlhusi isin 1 he sound in* tones iveout tinkling s nii d as i summons to the ixeitise ol dis elimination Ih tun*e 1 ii siiii iicnts *iye foith a iiiel uicholy sound vvlieh ) loduees tne thoimht ol jiuiity aid hdeluv The Pin 1 00 n tiumcnts *ive loi h i sound 111 e ov ei 11 jw 111 witeis Inc dun is id tunbouiines *iye out Hull loi d V I'uine ol s nds which 1 un s the 1 !c i oi inov cn tiu 1 It loll is ol m inv ot the in ti u men s lie ciiibl mitic 1 ic Slci (l’( d )i* in) sym'ioli/ Hu Phoe iiix The ''onoious stoic typitcs Hie e u pc ntei s q i le (i tl e i 11 bl( n ot the ] st iiid upi i lit lift 1 111 ml 11 i< seinb'es the moon 1 Ii lute is tin sy n ol of in itiiin >ni il hunony the flute is the emblem ol H 11 Hsi 111* t u one >1 Hu f i lit linmoitils ind the id ol mu t ( 1 o be ce iLiiuit 1)
(t ontinueil Ciom pa*e 4) be li tyen moic smmfiL nee siiui thewiiinei yv ill I e decl ued t'n yvin nei ot Hu Rel ly s Biseball I'lsli 1 lu bn cb ill d ish yy ill tt nsist ol I 60 y !(’ lice which could t isily decide v ho i the 1 istcst mm in lid 11 VI' oi lb le ms t aiiiin in Inch 11 1 h IV e I cen 1 c 1 ling tu ils ill week iiid y ill s 1 d then I istest m in t t iv no i iw 1 he (lie i ( 11 t 1 icmiit tl ill (1 ' 'evsl in lidians mil Pitisbui i I’ll it'' \ ill be 1 pusc t( 1 01 sill an 1 imssibh tl e ( h c i*o V bite Sc x ind Del ou J i ei I limi ilioi s i )i Hu Wcllstilin* eonte t 1 v c I cc i c ii c n ii ibou two yvetl s )\ I ist 1 I lit t III nun siiiv VC 1 till cm fi Is iiul w ill eompi te li 1 Hu i' I i c 01 1 loinoi 1 V I 1 lit ' ic i t ible w ill h IS bec n I nv cd ip 11 12 ieet so 1 nil v it i i litilc ( nc i ii i eincn iii ii the i tt to i i i low the \ 1 me 1 1 I
1* It () 111
1 lel t's ('ll s k ' Dll
1 C1 C t W 1 ' C I 1 1 w ( 101 1 I i 1 c 1 e i\ 1 ' i IV
1 c pill ch IS d ii tl tl (IJW st 1 t ( 1 t n 11 o \ I i I ( 1 \
(1 I )
nd
( iiicn
till I It 1 11 I c III
w
SHAVH. HiTLEi? SAVEAMERICA buiJ
Personael Notes Loin 1 lines schedule 1 te visit the
e impu
(ici Cl il Motois ( Ol 1101 ation, Dc tioit A'lchi* ui —Maieh 25 26 and _7 Lioup muting it 1 00 p m Jhuisdiv I i Room 1 )b Jlcchimcal I n*ineeung Buildi ig 3 oht Sil O’sk) Liieialt Stiat loid ( onn eticut—Maieh29 Intel esud in Ap il ind Vii*,iist cngi
1 ceis
L I diiPi lit (IC Nenioi is & Com P’liv Wilinm*lon I'clawaie - hi nil 2 ml 0 Intcic t( I in Chi 211 Mi'l PhD ( hcmisis 5 ml ih i( ( ) Lull in molls Ind —Mai ) intcieslcd in AH MctI Di y ( hciiii i ( o ^ ly C itv AL h—vmil ’ Iiteii ted m ML \1 1 L Chill o nd outlie 111 \ii lines jo 1 mi I lenne u—liuei L t 1 n I 111 uic ins 01 phv s ui t t( y ( ' <s nctoQi ( lo*ists S n 1 Pei iiiul C'liiee Iv A'kd 1 I iv cl ( i 11 I'lod let K 'i 1 1 * ( on’ ’) in \i o i'll o Litiu 1( I 111 ' I 111 11 in ’e so iiul Office I A\ c I i Al 11 th I i he Gii I ( o ■'(>1 Hion I ouis Il \ i 11 I I tc I le I 111 ML < lie 1 Olheo 1 y M 1 Placcrnonl PJetes For V/omen ’ 11 1 c s { e 1 ( ’1 I 11 ( 11 — 'i 11 I ( cm 1 y c t ( 11 1 I 1 t 1 \ ( * ) 1 1 * IJ I ( J 111 til 11(111(1
(Continued fioni page J> the available set up was peifcct foi the inauguial of this event Since then ougm in 19 5! the Butlei Relays have been host to neaily all of the nation’s gieatest stais and teams at sometime oi anothei Ics&e Owens, John Wood luH, Don lash lommy Deckaid, Bill Watson, and Gene Venzke aic but a few of the multiiide of stais that hayo made then appeal ance m this event that has since been dis continued With such a backgiound, Coach Phillips is assiiicd of a sue cess when he inaugmales the Pin d le Relays tomouow night
Notices
cr r2 Ac )11 lit on t(st in ILi hvvay ( ( n stiuclun Cl 62 will b hold it 1 0 i m S I ircl i> Mirch ^ in loom 20* (f Uic Civil 1 ntincciin^r Binldin} —PLllY Alphi pin OmcRf'i Cats hive ainv d Pur L ns lickcl must ho <btuncd fiom M 1 B ndci M2 S C iry H ill
BCNDl II
Purdue Christian Foundation If y i wai t tl itt nd the Woild Fiundship Binqiitl (cl ck n iinnc) ) j t T c i r i ! is n ik Kstivati n with Ttitv Bus\ 10 i H 1 N h 2( 0 Svh i r ! V ( 11 i Di 1 B nv -V 1 Ihi w n I 111 isl la u j I i r til i exL fill ( ) It 11 linn it n 1 1 hV IT f* 1-9 It 11 I if V ttL t hn tl in C lunch \ 1 NDLI 1 \d\ intcd Course KOTt 11 s tud its n tl r r C n 1 I t ch d I 1 1 1 I H U A] i\ I It t Stu I 1 t He Ith 1C it ) i m 1 1 IIV Man h (
UO!U\bON
Military Traininir ( crlihcatcs: lllo-’e atii(idilM wh im nd in Iht nn<l expect lo loin the Armed Sciviet lilt Airnorv lo m du ""“"'’''"hAoiMqdN ROIC OulilitaUs -ROBINSON Dolphin Club RoKiilai iticdinK riiwhiy Much dO ill ^ tl) P ni in loom IM of H’C I itUlhousc All adivt‘1 plcnst ht
Sij,ma Della ( hi PU h ' in the J xponent ulhcc (i
, 11( k np pUxquea m\ d(bk boswinki r
Students in Machine Desijin / Mai tups f< 1 t sts mifastd n M ^ * tml 66 will le 6vvcn it 1 P ^ ® Ainl I in 1 .m 101 <f the ^‘<>'‘"''"‘1 I ni inttmu liuddini, AUei
Pit dicing on
JO p m Place
MhNKB.
Gimiet Pledges and Actives 1 iitsd Iv M n tl 10 it will be miH inctd 1 lU i
N
ting on Siit-
KNAPP
G L 1 and (. iirliij Miiitl 2
ran Beta Pi Tlictim ot pk Dts I hursday Anil I at '0 1 m in i a m d02 of the Um n H nn s will ht men wh ittcnd SBUDUiN Puj due Plavcrs Mttl at Chi Omtni h 1st lit I m Saturday March lo g ) t R 1 O GRAY Militsrv Stiidints A gionr tt tivt rtels m Mt him >n thi suljtds Amtialian camla n tl t (t nb it lighting U S in Alcutiin '\iim unit dtstitvtr and Small arms , „ , , t I ,1 1 ft 1 ill IJ she wn in the j; UmIIt! 1 m 1*-' yV dnrs lay March dl all m All military tudents uunted
Classified Ads
Alpha Phi Omcyi I t i 11 f ) i i 1 U }, L L 1 IV M h h) It h) 1 1 i m ( f 1) I I L) ct n I n t 11 I h I 1 h 1 ( OSSWl IN
tl
M
M
Patrooixe Exporsent AdverMsers
hu
III It 1 J I ( 111 1 i (I I y 1 1 tc 111 )i I 1(1 Iv I ft I itt Al 1 I I 1(11 In i 1 J in L( \ Ith
THE AIR Ey Fred Emery
Radio has kept the Ameiicmi public “character ’ conscious The | beloved characters of vaudeville i days which wcie accomphshod I with claboiate make up and cos | turning have little, if anything, on the chaiacters we know on the radio today biinply through the inflection, timing and wordage used by ta 1 e n t e d dramatists Lum and Abner, for instance, are tyvo of WLW s topranking chara c t c r stars Their comedy IS accomplished with the greatest of kid ski i ton ease simply by using homespun humor and situations typical of the chaiacters they poitray Pee’e s Bad Boy of the airlancs undoubtedly, is Red Skelton In his show one man takes many character'’ through a senes of skits Skelton has made “DeadLye ’ and the ‘ Bad Little Boy” two very ical people Wc cant forget ‘Aichie of Dully s lavern or anj of the host of ‘ chardclcis’ on the Boone County
RADIO STAYS IN CHARACTER
Jamboicc
Since Ohio’s Tommy Riggs has two \ Dices, one of which never giew up he makes a totally amusing ohoyv yvith ‘ Betty Lou ” Betty Lou IS the little character who like so many others we have come to love m radio, is heaid and not seen The amusing “Snow Village” senes has a list of typical village characters Hiram Neville, as poritayed by PaiKer Fennelly
is a peison you might find in small villages m New England, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, West Virginia or any of the other thiity-cight r e m aining States Fennelly lives in a snail town himself and may have an actual peison in mind when he plays “H^lam” so well Radio has not only given Amcnca the
rarket
Fonnelly
best entertainment
available but it has kept us conscious of a gicat hciitagc, many kinds and types of people Let’s hope radio stays m chaiacter.
Science Helps Y©y Save! Continuing scientific research h ^s Duight us how to treat your clothes kindly when you send them to us for cleaning service. ( ROW \ ( EEAMH) ( T OFHCS L VST fi)NCEU RCV WVR BONDS Crown Laundry
/7\E />/n (LE4MISC
THE WAR HAS ADDED MANY NEW DISHES TO OUR DAILY MENU. ,rAND MV FAMILY ‘ GOES FOR THEM LIKE, A' BUNCH OF HUNGRY COM M ANDOS . /Fl . KEEPING^THEM WELL-FED AND IN TIP-TOP CONDITION}DEMANDS PLENTY OF GOOD NOURISHING FOOD. I DEPEND ENTIRELY ON PIGGLY WIGGLY FOR ALL OF OUR FOOD ^REQUIREMENTS.
(9]
■<
Yes
bnd'g -StntlF o" .n the
r'FCrcf*'9on-r.t,oned
,f fr;FZnVnce of V
fresh FRUITS 0.6
Cnd good Teolth budding food flavor and o g^^^nomically 0lern©'D^^ *,UWinrhooa
priced
r
v-i;
Tvncvvnttr? A Id t p
ni
ithincs all makes
V
u
11
in ha d Mimeo-
u h w 11 d( IK (
1
1 htisholT 60o Main*
1 ll J ttc 1 1 G
0
Oi
<i
imonds watches,
w l
itf rs Albert 8 I oan
y
oil itc 10 C lumbi
1
m II uii nib lo
1 1 I 1 t
I t
1 1 K it CaCt-
1 III Oil
y
I ost—On 1 1
D
It a D plcx Slide
U 1 I ill \^ 1 1
II
Ji)i Beach Rc
1 >s1—t 1
1 !
1
i Ul m huvttcr
r 1 1 1
s
1
1 V Whistki
y
11 bi
W UllLll— \ ill 1
r 1 sk moilLl
h ( Iiul
1 81
v *