il/y-' ',,' ■ ’' ■' y-' . ■■’ ,” ”''■ ' ' .'* V'' ' ''/•,' - ' y ' , ‘'j ,-r ./., . '<■■ ■' t-r" ' ' , , ■ '. '
^ggmmrnm ^
©he Puriuc
Published Daily by Students of Pulfdtte University.
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 1937
NUMBER 133
Peace Group Plans Meeting Baclced by many of the campus student organizations, the Purdue Pekce Committee has completed arrangements for the use of Fowler Hall at 10:00 a. m. on April 22, for a peace demonstration. The speakers on the program will be Ruth Reeder, Robert Buckles, and Rabbi Simon. While not directly connected with the Emergency Peace Campaign, a national peace movement, the local peace committee will hold its demonstration at the same time as the national organization. The Emergency Peace Campaign was begun last week on a nation-wide broadcast by the No-Foreign-War Committee headed by Admiral Richard Byrd,' Mrs. Franklin Roosevelt, and Reverend R. E. Fosdick. The purpose of the organization is to prevent the United States from entering into war on any foreign territory.
ASME Branches To Hold Convention American Society of Mechanical Engineers members will hold a two day convention in Chicago, Monday and Tuesday, when members of the student branches from Purdue, Michigan, lowaj and Minnesota gather. Students attending the convention will have a chance to inspect either the Crane Company, Western Electric, or the Commonwealth Edison plants during the two-day session. A paper entitled “Power Requirements In Train And Truck Transportation” will be presented by H R. Sennstrom, senior mechanical, at one of the two technical sessions. Members from the local branch are planning to make the journey by car. Any m6mbera„mterested iti attending the convention may call R. K. Weldy for transportation details.
April 16, 1937 TONIGHT’S the night! Yes, Prom . . . the social ‘highlight’ of the season . . . color, gaiety, fun, frivolity, charm . . . stiff shirts, stiff manners, and.—just ‘stiffs’ . . . white ties, tails, tuxedos, top-hats beer, wine, tomato juice . . . then —the morning after . . . headache powders, bromo-seltzers, aspirin, black coffee, “hair of the dog that bit you,” and classes—maybe . . . —30— HAPPENED to run across this story the other day, and decided it was appropriate, especially since the scene may be re-enacted tonight (I hope not): The title: “A Modem Social Evil.” “Is this a speedometer?” she asked, ^s she tapped the glass that covered that instrument. “Yes, dear,” he replied in a sweet gentle voice. “Don’t they call this the dashlight?” she queried, fingering the nickle-plated illuminator. “Yes, honey,” his words floated softly on the breeze. “And this the cut-out?” “Yes, darling,” he answered softly, taking his foot off the gas. Not more than 200 feet away was a fast freight crossing the road. “But what on earth is this?” she asked in a curious tone as she gave the accelerator a vigorous push with her dainty foot. “This, my love, is heaven,” he replied in a celestial voice as he picked up a harp and flew away . .. —80— LAST night I held a little hand, So tender and so neat. Me thought me heart would burst with joy. So wildly did it beat. No other hand unto my soul. Could greater solace bring— Than the little hand I held last night Pour aces—and a king! —Swiped.
His Majesty
King Tommy Graham, Junior Promenade Chairman, who will start the Grand March.
Prom Tickets Must Be Procured Today
Prom tickets must be procured from the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building before 4:30 p. m. today. After that time distribution of tickets will be discontinued.
Agriculturist To Elect New Staff The staff of the Purdue Agriculturist for next year will be elected next Tuesday at 4:3Q o’clock in room 118 of Agriculture Hall by an electoral board consisting of the present ‘ editor-in-chief, business manager, circulation manager, departmental editors, and three faculty members. All members of the board are requested to be present.
Drill Examination! Closely Contested Keenest of competition characterized the junior command examinations, held this week and last week, to measure the ability of junior military students to command dismounted troops. The first three places were very closely contested, the ranking grade being 94, the second 93, and the third highest 92. Five junior officers tied for third place and five others made grades of 90 or better. W. C. Musham made the highest grade in the examination which consisted of formal explanations of specified movements and execution of given commands. Grades were based on general military bearing, explanation of commands, execution and other factors. Harte Places Second R. A. Harte made the second highest grade and K. J. Aull, E. N. Cox, C. E. Maahs, E. H. Martin, and R. O. Wickersham shared the honor of third highest grade. Others making grades of 90 or better include R. J. Craig, P. S. Emrick, A. E. Minnick, J. R. Murray, and A. J. Rayle.
Undergraduate Da|nes Club Initiates Nine Formal initiation for new members of the Undergraduate Dames Club was held Tuesday. Those initiated were Mrs. James Beuoy, Mrs. Carmilles Isenbarger, Mrs. A. W. Ross, Mrs. Walter Shade, Mrs. J. R. Van Delester, Mrs. M. K. York, and Mrs. S. R. Wirth. After the ceremony, a dinner and dance at Lincoln Lodge were attended by the club members and their husbands. Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher were guests at the dinner.
C. C. Hamilton Rallies Following Operation C. C. “Chuck” Hamilton, who was operated on for mastoids last Friday at the Home Hospital, is improving. Thursday his condition was said to be better than at any time dpring his illness. Hamilton is a junior mechanical and has Kis home in Youngstown, O. His parents have been in Lafayette for the last week.
Junior Prom GRmaxes Social Season Tonight Don Bestor And His Orchestra Will Supply Music For Over 700 Couples
.1
With Don Bestor straight from Hotel Netherland Plaza leading his renowned 14-piece band, with Weil Buckley, baritone vocalist, 700 couples will climax the University’s social season tonight from 10 p. m. to 4 a. m., at the thirty-second renewal of the Jupior Prom. The climax will be reached at the stroke
of 12 when T. W. Graham, the
Prom chairman, and Judith Jones, Prom queen, will lead the Grand March, A painted muslin portraying a rocky cliff will cover the entire back of the ballroom. A large part of the cliff will be constructed as a backdrop in reli^ instead of the us-, ual flat one. Decoration plans were submitted by J. W. Scatterday. All of the Union lounges will be
closed today at hoon in order that final arrangements for the fraternity booths can be completed. All campus roads ‘will be closed to all
save Prom goei;s at 6 p. m. At 7:46 tonight this year’s Prom
committee and last year’s committee with their dates and Judith Jones with her escort, N. G. Belury, will have a banquet in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building.
Her Grace
Committee
Standing, left to right: R. G. DeLong, J. R. Murray, J. E. Goory, and C. D. Ehinger. Seated, left to right: T. W. Graham, Mary Jean Light, and W. F. Bailey.
H3 Squad Wins First place in combined hour gun squad competition was won by the second squad of battery H-3» it was announced last night by the University military department. Second place was won by the second squad of battery C-3, and third place by the third squad of battery
F-2. Members of these squads will receive medals indicating the place won by them. Members of the first ranking squad are R. E. Heine, A. A. Kus mitz, J. E. Blank, W. T. Luce, K. E. Werling, 0. Miller, L. B. Didier, J. S. Watson, and L. D. Bown. The names of these men will be engraved on a permanent bronze plaque in the University Armory.
Baals Named Ed.-In-Ghief Of Engineer; Staff Chosen At a recent meeting of the faculty advisors of the Purdue Engineer, D. D. Baals, junior M. E., was elected editor-in-chief for the coming year. R. N. Gilbert, junior M. E., was named as managing editor, F. H. McLaughlin, junior M. E., business nianager, and E. R. Lindsey, junior E. E., as associate editor.
Baals is an independent, a member of Scabbard and Blade and P. 0. M. M., and is also a pledge of Tau Beta Fi, Pi Tau Sigma, and Reamers. Gilbert is a member of Alpha Tau Omega, McLaughlin of Theta Xi, ■and Lindsey is affiliated with Sigma
Alpha Epsilon.
The assistant editors chosen for the coming year are J. J. Consoli, W. C. Prechter, J. P. Taylor, E. K. Lown, W. Herbert Smith, J. F. Coffee, P. T. Frangos, and A. G. Eick-
meyer.
Business Staffs
On the business staffs, H. N. Behrends was chosen as national advertising manager, R. Anderson and R. A. Verner for circulation managers, F. P. Tabshey and E. W. Hackney for local advertising, and J. K Hammer as sales manager. The faculty advisors are Dean A. A. Potter, chairman, Prof. C. F. Hardinlg, Prof. G. A. Young, Prof. T. W. Babcock, ,Prof. D. D. Ewing, Prof. W. K. Hatt, and Prof. J. L. Bray. ^
D. D. Baals
F. H. McLaughlin
R. N. Gilbert
Choir To Sing In Music Room The Concert Choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, with Rosemary Robinson as accompanist, will present a program Sunday at 4 p. m. in the music room of the Memorial Ufion Building. The program will feature an alto solo, “In The Gloaming,” by Arsene Summers and a piano solo by Morey J. Doyle, and will close with a Victor Herbert medley of “Kiss Me Again” and “Italian Street Song.”
Queen Judy Jones who will lead the thirty-second Annual Junior Promenade tonight.
Co~ed Junior Prom Hour Regulations
Regulations for co-eds going to the Prom are: women must be back in their place of residence one hour after the dance ends (5 a. m.), and if there is a chaperoned breakfast, their escorts may stay until 6 a. m.
California Band Engaged For Mixer “California Collegians,” the band directed by Fred MacMurray in the “Champagne Waltz,” will come here direct from Chicago in order to play for the post-Prom mixer tomorrow night. They have been filling an engagement at the Chicago Theater since the completion of the picture. The admission price for this mixer will be one dollar, as usual, and the hours will be from 9 till 12.
Drill Competition Won By Battery H-1 Results of the combined hour dismounted drill competition place battery H-1 in first position, according to information released last night by Captain B. F. Hayford of the University military department. Members of this battery will be awarded medals in recognition of their superior work in drilling. Battery H-3 won second place in the competition which ended Wednesday afternoon. Third place was shared jointly by batteries F-2, F-3, and A-4.
Sockman Speaker For Sunday Convo Dr. Ralph W. Sockman, pastor of the Christ Church in New York City, will speak at the last religious convocation of the year next Sunday, in Eliza Fowler Hall, at 10:30 a. m. The subject of his talk will be “New Horizons.” Dr. Sockman has been active in the religious field for ovqr 25 years and holds many degrees from numerous higher educational institutions.
Alpha Lambda Delta Pledges 20 Co-eds About 40 alumnae, actives, and pledges of Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, were entertained at tea at 4 o’clock yesterday in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Clare Coolidge, and Georgianpa Pittman, president, received the guests. As the pledges entered, they wei'e given pledge pins by the president. During the social hour, punch and cookies were served, with Jean Bailey pouring.
Phi Kappa Tau Phi Kappa Tau announces the pledging of A. G. Bignall, Park Ridge, ni.
Lark-Horovitz To Talk On History And Uses Of Glass Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, of the University faculty, will deliver a non-technical lecture on “Glass—^Its History And Its Uses” Monday evening in the lecture room of the Physics Building. The lecture is scheduled for 7:30 p. m. A general exhibit of glassware from the collections of Dr. Lark-Horo-vitz and Mr. G. G. Buckle will be shown at the same time. The history of the development of glass technique, which itself is a most fascinating subject, will be reviewed. Particular pieces over 100 years old of the Venetian, Bohemian, German, and French types will be exhibited as examples of the age when glass was used only for artistic objects. The discussion will lead to modern manufacturing methods with the newly developed uses for glass products. Glass building materials and textiles which have recently received so much publicity, will be illustrated with special exhibits. The lectTM-e will definitely be nontechnical. Sigma Pi Sigma, honorary physics society, is sponsoring this lecture and invites the general public.
Young Rites Will Take Place Today Fimeral services for Mrs. G. A. Young, who died Wednesday morr" ning of a heart attack, will be held this afternoon at 2:30 in the Central Presb3d:erian Church of Lafayette. The place of burial will be the Grand View Cemetery in West Lafayette. Rev. W. R. Graham, of the Central Presbjderian Church, will be in charge of the services. Music will be furnished by Mrs. Eva lann Mackay, organist, and Albert P. Stewart, baritone. Members of the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, to which G. A. Young belongs, will act'as ushers.
Alpha Phi Omega Sponsors Spree Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, is sponsoring the. first annual spring spree to be held Saturday, April 24, at Ross Camp, for all male students and faculty members. These outings will be held every spring for the purpose of fostering better relationships between students and faculty members. Program A varied program includes a treasure hunt with several five and ten dollar bills as awards, a baseball game, and a challenge by five members of the mechanical engineer faculty to a tug-of-war. Refreshments will be provided for the outing. For those who do not have cars, buses will leave the Memorial Union Building at 1:30 p. m. and the treasure hunt will begin at 2 o’clock. Tickets for the outing may be purchased from any mem-* ber of Alpha Phi Omega or at the Union desk.
Outgoing WAA Coipieil Entertained At Supp^ As a farewell to the outgoing W. A. A. Council memhexs, an informal supper was served in the W. A. A. cabin last night by the newly installed officers of the organUationMuriel Campbell was in ehsorge..
4
. ‘■‘Sx)'
V.- rV ^ ' i
. h'-Jr^ !■
THE PtmDHE EXPONENT
IBfte $urliue exponent
Founded in t88S 1
MeMBE«
l^dgQciated gbUdfliate ^r»gg
HAMSOM WISCOMSIH RKPIIRSKNTCD POR NATIONAL ADVRRTI8INO RT National Advertising Service, Inc ColUge Pmbliskers Refiresentative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • BAN FRANCISCO LOS ANOKLES • PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $3 60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 6088
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, ^airman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Manairine Editor - E. H. Morris Assomte Editors K. A. Baraette.'j. Ei'Brockr'A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. U Sadler Sophomore Assistants . . _ —W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
Bold and Black Editor
C. Ohaver
Business Manager — ... National Advertising Manager.. Local Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants . —
BUSINESS STAFF „ , „ . L. H. Brown D. C. Miller //‘■■"■■"W. J. Giiiilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard .... .... 7. F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
flditor. — . — Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF
_ L, D. Wood .’ w. Hi Fifi'eid,' S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF
Editor — Associate Editors ... Advertising Manager
JSelen Creech ..Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabe^ Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—R. E. Insley
Signs Of The Times
These are times that try men’s souls. With the temperature hitting the lower 70’s and the bass, redeyes, and suckers biting in the nearby creeks, the call of the Fed Gods becomes almost a command for angle loving students to exercise their right of piscary. It becomes increasingly easy to invent excuses for shooting a round of golf, for playing a few sets of tennis, and for tossing and batting a baseball around: I am becoming flabby and need the exercise; I will feel more like working when I get back; I am getting stale from too much studying and must get some recreation; etc., etc. The desire to walk over town in the warm afternoon sun with the girl friend to see a movie challenges the sense of duty for studying and going to class. The urge to hitchhike home for the week-end is constantly more tempting. And we students have to go to school. During the warm days of spring a student does need more exercise to keep in physical and mental trim than he does in the winter. This exercise can be gotten outside of regular class hours, however. After all there are only slightly more than six weeks of school remaining for this semester, and surely for that length of time a fellow can forego some of the temptations accompanying spring weaither in order to finish the semester with grades a little more suitable to himself and to his parents.—R. P. M.
Bogeyman
Americans need a bogeyman. They eat up stories concerning the Frankensteins and King Kongs. And there are plenty of bogeymen presented to them, as extensive campaigns are conducted to put many public figures into a bad light and to instill hate and fear for these figures. Certain newspapers insist that President Roosevelt has dictatorial aspirations, and attempt to gain opponents of him in this manner. John L. Lewis is portrayed as a selfish man who is attempting to throw a wrench into the industrial system for his own personal gain. Radical newspapers and periodicals present the capitalistic system as an octopus which is slowly but surely strangling the workers. If a person so desires, he can find a King Kong of alarming proportions in almost every person of importance in the country. And as long as our people seem to need a Frankenstein, the propagandists and the people who spread malicious falsehoods intended toward undermining some of the nation’s leading figures will have an open field for their efforts. —R. F. 0.
Brave Men To The Exponent: A dozen or so freshmen with conscientious objections to war and military training entered Purdue last fall. In accord with Purdue’s present policy, these men were sent before a committee of the faculty, five wise men, skilled in argument, who attempted to dissuade these scared young men from their conscientious opinions. Most of them stuck to their point of view. Some of them were excused from military training—some were not. But to all it was a harrying experience. What freshman is able to appear before five faculty men^bers and uphold a point of view which the committee opposes ? That they were willing to do so, proves that they are a brave group. It would have been much easier to take the two years of military. —William A. McFadden, Methodist Minister for Students.
BASEBALL
TODAY Diamond 1— Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 2— Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 3— Ward 9 vs. Ward 11. 4— Delta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 6—^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 6— Phi Pi Phi vs. Acacia. 7— ^Ward 5 vs. Ward 17-a. 8— Ward 11-x vs. Ward 2. 9— ^Ward 8 vs. Ward 16. 10—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 4 or l6.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Family TODAY—SATURDAY 2 First-Run Hits BOB STEELE in “The Trusted Outlaw” —and— Frankie Darro in “The Devil Diamond”
Ed’s Note . . . I’m in that mood again and so ... KIM and SMALTZ are consolidating an shoveling stuf . . . until tomorrow, many happy returns . . . see you at PROM . . RON MURRAY of Triangle and PROM COMMITTEE big shot, goes with Pi Phi MARION KIDD and yet he’s IMPORTING . . . poor KIDD, how’s your knittin’. . . One would think that HIGH and MIGHTY OHAVER thought enough of his import to find when and how she’s cornin’ in . . .instead he ex pects the THETA’S to know . PROM can even make OHAVER rate . . . PETIE LIGHT asked HOEFER to PROM ... he had to wprk Saturday and refused . . . now he has a comp and is bringing a CHICAGO gal . . . now LIGHT is going with current flame . . . FISH . . . KAPPA SIG PLAPP and PI PHI SEXTON have started a penny bank . . . they intend to buy seegars for the brothers ... he also is importing for the prom and SUSIE’S still looking for a date . . .
OFF and ON KELSAY-HENS-LER affair has finally terminated and now he’s going to prom with JUNE HACKLEMAN while KELSAY goes with her boy friend from Chicago . . . they say that KELSAY asked Theta Xi METTLING to the Theta Dance too . . . You’ve got to have UH To make me PHEW You’ve got to have WO-HO-HO That undefineable, please be mineable something And when those high-brows raise their eyebrows And whisper TSK, TSK, TSK Just because they raise their eyebrows They don’t know what’s what Soo you’ve got to have UH To make me PHEW You’ve got to have WO-HO-HO That undefineable, please be mineable UH SIG CHI CLAYPOLE sure lacks
SMART ANY PIACE^ANY HOUR STYLE SPECIFIED for 'round-the-clock wear — casual or formal — town or country. This straight-tip bal oxford steps out with aplomb, even to smart midsummer parties. Cut from soft velvet buck, it combines comfort with smart distinction. Built to Fortune's 5 high style and quality specifications.
Grey Oxford $4.00
Exclusive Agent for Bostonian at $7.00 Friendly at $5.00 Fortune at $4.00 B. & W. SHOE CO. 121 N. 4th St.
both “UH” and “WO-HO-HO” as far as BETTE MOORE is concerned . . . she just won't “PHEW” for him ... he’s taking her to Prom . she’s takin’ BILL STEVENS to the THETA dance . . . back to the doghouse with you GEORGIE .. .
AIN’T THAT THE TRUTH ! ! !
MAY 15 is a big week-end for JEAN ADKINS ... so far she has two dates .. a certain BOB WATTS from ANDERSON is taking her to the PHI PSI spring dance . . . our Sig Chi PARQUHAESON thinks he is taking her to the SIG dance, the same night. .. WATTS sends VIO LETS and says “WELL!” . . . WHAT AGAIN . . . looks Ijke old stuf when the ALPHA X’s break out in print again but. . . two more guys stood up but this time the fish are S. P. E.s . . . and the gals are SCHMIDT and PRICK ... and the TIME was last SATURDAY . . . . hot dates in history ... so what . . , NO PARTIES at the FOWLER or the LAHR tonight . . . the management is clampin’ down on our innocent frolickin’... it is said that they intend to run said houses like the WRH . . . anyway 204 at the LAHR is holdin’ open house, soooo . . . . what will MISS SCHLEMAN say to that . . . FOR THE FIRST TIME in yars and yars PROM’ leader GRAHAM is taking a PURDUE CO-ED on his arm . . . what has she got that the old fashioned gals didn’t . . . anyway it’s a good idea don’t you think gals . . . WELL ... We’ll be seein’ ya with DON BESTOR and then ... if your tails don’ go in math class, turn over and go to sleep agin . . .
Co-eds Play This Week In Tennis Tournament Tennis matches between sororities and ward teams are being held in the W. A. A. tournament this week on the women’s courts. Girls who wish to enter doubles matches that are being played next week should hand their names in to Margaret Jenkins, head of tennis in W. A. A., or sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym. The girls may choose their own partners.
TODAY—SATURDAY
Two First Run Features A Riot of Romance Watch them hit the bumps in the rocky road to love! A Kuy with a foreground meets a girl with a background!
BETTY FOBNESS MW GOBDON JOHESj^ —^plus More Mirth Than Mystery as Ellery Queen—Play Boy Sleuth Solves "THE mandarin MYSTERV Based on "THE CHINESE ORANGE MVSTEB'^ ^ ’ iw uxniy succN With EDDIE QUILLAN CHARLOTTE HENRY
MIDNITE PREVIEW Sat. 11:30 “DON’T TELL THE WIFE”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
“Haven’t you something less expensive? You see, we're married now!”
SUMMER POSITIONS for STUDENTS
EARN
Ki "" ■* ■ w 0 You can use your . tvr educational training TO y and earn extra money
this summer. This un-
A lAlEEK usual opportunity for
edneationid extension work in the home is
extremely interesting. Many students have been exceptionally successful and have found it the solution to their financial problem. Write for full details and proof of results at
once.
THE JOHN C. WINSTON COMPANY, HOME EXTENSION DEPT., 1012 ARCH ST., PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA.
ARC TODAY - SATUBDAT Bob Steele
“Last of the Warrens’ —and— Lew Ayers and Florence Rice in ^ “Shakedown” ^ —also— Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
Left-handed ping-pong playing and finger painting are means of curing stuttering used by the speech clinic of the University of Minnesota.
LUMA LAST TWO DAYS
Victor MeUGLEN Walter CONNOLLY ' ^ Peter LORREi.
/A
Now ^ Playing
with JUNE LANG ROBERT KENT
A Complete “Bread-Line”
Your appetite for bread need never grow weary if you vary your choice from the fine selection of breads made at this bakery. They’re all top quality —the tastiest breads of their kind—and always piping fresh.
Graves’ Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities■: '/
','K ?.
.J.!,.j'-'^t-Vi-.-y0>^i-^;i
T3^ TOEPUB E»^NBNf
Golf Combine To Meet Iowa
The Purdue golf squad will open Big Ten competition today with the Iowa team at the West Lafayette Country Club. This match was originally scheduled for this Monday
but was moved to today by re-
quest of the Iowa-authorities. As the Cornhuskers meet Indiana Saturday afternoon, they wanted to play both meets over the week-end and so the date was changed.
Coach Jack Bixler announced th^e entries yesterday as being Captain Bob Smith of Andenson, and Carl Freese of Nappanee as the veteran choices and Jolm David of Kadianapolis and Gene Anderson of Franklin comprising the sophomore members of the squad. After opening up the conference season by this match, the Boilermakers will carry on next Saturday against Michigan.
-Charles L. Hill, Ohio S'<iate University Negro graduate student who is studying for his Ph. D. degree, became a licensed minister at the age of 12,
Be assured she will receive a corsage correct in every detail according to the latest fashion in flowers.
We suggest you come to our shop and let us help you select a corsage for her.
C^lazL c^L
c-
537 MAIN ST.
T
Butler T» Test Purdue’s Strength On Outdoor Track
Purdue’s trackmen will open their outdoor track season Monday as they come up against a Butler combine that is rated high in Indiana circles. / Haying gone through three weeks of practice since the close of a good indoor season, the Boilermakers are looked upon to furnish the best exhibition that has been seen from the locals for two or three years. Distance Events This year, as last, much of the team strength lies in the distances and it is here that most of the expected points are to be garnered. Outstanding in these events are Art Bodeau, sophomore, and Claude Moore, last year’s co-captain who has returned this year after recovering from the illness which disabled him last season. During the indoor season these two squads battled to a 43-43 tie and Coach “Orv” Martin expects to throw an improved team into the fray Monday and come out victor. Drake Relays ^ear Following this meet, the Boilermakers will start training intensively for the Drake Relays which are dated to come oif this coming Friday and Saturday. About seven of the Martinmen are scheduled to make the trek to De Moines to keep up last year’s record made by the medley relay team which raced with the best teams in the middle west and came in third.
Tender steaks, prepared foods and soft breads are causing faulty development of faces, jaws and teeth, in the American people, says Dr. William J. Kerr, head of the department of medicine at the University of California.
Rent-A-Car Drive It Yonrself
THAYER’S GARAGE Main & South Sts. , West Side PHONE 61784
Make Dining
pleasure
for
your
PURDUE
GUESTS
Enjoy The Advantages That Hutton’S OFFER
Pleasing surroundings and atmosphere
Efficient and courteous service
The best in excellent foods
• Economical Check
Hutton’S Cafe
410 Ferry
Lafayette
P
ielder’s.... I ....choice J -By Bdb IValpole-a—-i#
After ^veral threats, we have finaUy gotten around to having the first Boilermaker Biography from the baseball field ... we shall endeavor to include all of the seniors on the baseball roster ... this morning, Co-Captain Robert Henry (Tuffy or Luke) Lucas, regular second baseman on the 1937 Boilermaker nine ... —fo— Born in Gary, Indiana, on December 20, 1916, Bob went through the years of grade school and high school to enter- Purdue in September, 1933 ... he graduated from the Horace Mann Hi^h School in '33 after winning three major letters, strange to say, none of these were in baseball ... he collected two of his majors in football and one in basketball . . . played sandlot and American Legion baseball, winning the city championship the last year he played on the latter nine. . , . —^fc— Lucas is known by two nicknames Tuffy and Luke ... he picked Tuffy up his freshman year, and is known about the Phi Gam house under that . . . Luke is his baseball -calling . . . —fc— He was named co-captain of the varsity nine after a very successful season about a year ago ... during the conference contests of 1936, Luke batted .845 .... —fc— Tuffy has blond, curly hair and blue eyes ... he weighs 160 pounds and stands five feet, nine inches in height ... he has two older sisters . . . . likes to dance, fish, and play ball . . . also travel . . . —fc— He has captured two major letters at Purdue besides his freshman numerals ... Luke has been on all three of the baseball southern sojourns ... ^ —^fc—^ All pf Lucas’ time at Purdue has not been spent in an athletic manner, however, for he is a ranking captain in the advanced corps, a member of both Scabbard and Blade and Purdue Order of Military Merit . . . . a senior in the mechanical engineering school, Tuffy has chosen administration as his option^. . . —^fc— Myrna Loy is rated nrst by him for movie actresses ... he smokes a pipe when he isn’t in training for the ball team . . . during the winter he learned the gentle art of typing and shorthand by taking both of these courses in night school in Lafayette ... it is reported that.at one time Bob had some interest in the street car barn, but of late his activities haven’t included that interest . . . Tuffy is a member of Phi Gamma Delta . . .
ENGRAVI NG BY RYTEX
on Coral White
25 WEDDING - ANNOUNCEMENTS
25 INVITATIONS $8.90
Including Plate, Stamping, Inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Inserting.
25 At Home, Church, Reception or Breakfast Cards $2.75 Including Plate, Stock and Stamping.,
HAYWOOD'S
Retail Dept. Lafayette. Ind.
TihTW T yartm ^ • iNLf, Wisconsm Win In Second Grid Practice
By A. I. Trauh
With winter making a return engagement yesterday afternoon, the University’s gridiron squad played the last quarter of the second practice tournament, and the players had a tough time keeping themselves warm., Returns Punt Northwestern and Ohio started the fourth quarter with the score 6-0 in favor of the former. The boys played tight ball all the way through. Ohio kicked off and Nesbitt, receiving the ball on his goal line, dug in his cleats and returned the ball to the 30 yard line. From then on the boys didn’t make much headway toward either side of the mid-stripe.’ With Purvis’ pass to Stevenson, the 11 representing Ohio forged ahead for a 20 yard gain. After a bad pass from center, Selby attempted to make the play good, but before he got started the Green wave of Northwestern tossed him for a 15 ydrd loss. On the fourth down Selby faded back for a kick, and punted the ball down to the Northwestern goal line where it was picked up and booted for 35 yards. Juska Outstanding Juska’s smashing drives into the line were more than aid to the Ohio team. Clearing the way for the ball carrier seemed to be a natural for Juska, and he went through time and time again. Britt’s end-aroimd play for a 30 yard gain was one of the last plays of the game, and Britt made it look great. No points were scored in the last quarter and Northwestern remained the winner by the slight margin of six points. Hard driving and tough plajnng were featimed in the last quarter of the Purdue-Wisconsin battle, and as a result three of the boys retired before the whistle blew. Pass To Touchdown Purdue kicked off at the whistle
JSSSSii^BSSS^'
md ibfoeitr teetMig tor ib# eoiudn gang nui iha fWB InuIc for 2Byatd», Vtaing the eaoAy post Oi the quarter, the heyv vrearingr thd Old Geld and Bbelc were tatiag te go, and proved it when FHegerild intercepted a Wisconsin pass and took it over for a goal. Franks made the conversion. Following Pnrdne’s kick-off. Cedi Isbell toted the ball for a 25 yard itm-back. Brock, with DeWitte and Henis ably assisting with some excellent blocking, was going great until he hurt his arm and was taken out. 'The boys from Wisconsin did a fine job of holding their opponents away from the goal stripe. Hitting the line seemed to he
Brown’s specialty whenejirer the ball came his way. He was successful
in most of his attempts. One of the best combinations on the field yesterday, was Foster to Welsch. Approximately nine out of ten of their passes were successful in sending the Old Gold and Black for several yards gain. The other two Wisconsin injuries were Mihal and Decker, The latter was hit so hard in the bread-backet that he was knocked cold for about two minutes, while Mihal suffered a sore knee. Wisconsin turned in an upset and the boys from Purdue lost to the tune of 20-7.
The John Marshau
LAW
SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD •
For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legol subjects, and booklet, "Study of Low and Proper Preparation" address: Edward T. lee. Dean.
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) Afternoon—Syeors 5 days...4;30^:30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Frt.,
6:30-9:20
Post-graduate
1 yeor-.twicea week Practice courses ^
exclusively.
All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college work required for
entrance.
New classes form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago^ III.
FOR THE PROM
Union Grill Offers:
35c Ham or Bacon 35c Fried Egg Hashed Brown Potatoes Toast Coffee
30c
Waffle with Sausage or Bacon Coffee
30c
20c
Poached Egg on Toast
20c
Coffee
Sandwiches Ham Salad : 15c Chicken Salad 20c Bacon, Lettuce and Tomato 20c Swiss Cheese : 15c Pimento Cheese 15c Peanut Butter and jelly 15c Cream Cheese and Nut 15c Steak Sandwich, French Fries 25c SPECIAL Fresh Strawberry Sundae 15c
Breakfast Special
30c Ham, Bacon, or Sausage 30c Scrambled Eggs Toast Coffee
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
CofMHr of Campuo—Ctulor off AfiHvMio
■/f-
^0
-
■
Aw■, »r'‘
•fi;
By Eleanor Benton It’s a good idea to have a summer suit of grosgrain or bengaline. Dark suits will be smarter than the
pastels* and two new intermediate shades, bltieberry atid tdbaeco brown, promise to be popular. The best of these suits will feature high lapels, plain backs, and one fj'dnt fastening on the coat, with a center kick pleat in the skirt front.
Light and bright accessories are to dark suits as ice is to a cocktail. The latest clips and bracelets are made from wood, glass, or straw. Story telling scarfs are new. There is the “round the world scarf,” with names of all the adventurous and luring spots of the globe taunting
its wearer,^ Of the same type is the cocktail scarf, with names welL known bars and drinks scattered over it.
POP CORN
Sacks 5c—10c—15c Dad’s Place ... So Handy
Her Corsage of Dislinclion
of
Distinetiye Flowers Delivered on Time
Z)
Gardenias, Roses, Sweet Peas
Roth Florist, Inc.
"Serving Purdue University for 38 Years" 635 Main St. Luna Theatre Bldg. Phones 7955—8050
If your summer evening wear can be described as filmy, then you’re right. Lace will be a favorite, for it is cool, smart, uncrushable. Upsetting stripes of red, royal blue, gold, and emerald in thin sheers make vivacious dance frocks.
First it was “swing,” then it was “umbrella,” and now it is piles of pleats that will continue the zippy character of separate skirts for late
spring and summer wear. This allaround pleated Silhouette, varying from knife to accordian pleating, will be shown in flannel, line, a crepe, and striped and plaid cotton.
As added proof that full skirts will continue to be popular, notice the sixteen gore skirt with a five yard sweep worn by the heroine in “Gone With The Wind.”
A vivid linen or chintz jacket is lovely with a dark frock, and so is a dark linen jacket with a light dress. A whole group of new colors for summer has been released for the development of fashions to be featured in connection with the Texas and Pan-American Exposition in Dallas, Tex., opening in June. Some of their descriptive names are Incan gold, Aztec red. Pampas beige, Desert dawn. Chili copper, and Magellan gray.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—adding MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repairei. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Monarch Typewriter—Reasonable Metal typewriter stand. Tuxedo suit, size 40. Other tuxedos, other sizes. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Tennis Racket Restringing—$1.50
S'
I
"I REALLY BELIEVE SHE WILL APPRECIATE
A
YELLOW CAB
//
RAPID AND EFFICIENT SERVICE
NEW, EASY RIDING TAXIS CAPABLE AND COURTEOUS DRIVERS
CALL 3071 OR 5023
YELLOW CAB CO
At least....;. YeRlwant people to tUnk they are looking at a Snccess
" it
' \
'"Keep your personal a^Dpearance above reproach by having your clothes Crown Cleaned Regularly."
We Block Hats, Too—50c
OrOWN bufiDRY
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
to $5.00. W. B. Allen, 472 North Salisbury street. West Lafayette; Phone. 4864.
NOTICES
No HoDcMaecoptodaftortp. m.
Farm ManaKcment Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p. m. —MAUCH.
P. E. W. Bowling—Women who wish to elect bowling may do so on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 and 10 a. m. and on Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZELTON.
A. S. M. E.—Members wishing to attend the midwest convention at Chicago April 19 and 20 call R. K. Weldy for reservations. —WELDY.
Civil Engineers—All students expecting to attend Civil Engineering camp report to the University health department at their three hour periods during the week of April 19, 26, and May 3, for typhoid inoculations. —TODD.
C. E. 21 Conditional Examination—^Will be given April 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 301 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please see instructor in advance. —SONESON.
Sophomore Union Worker*—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24. Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLER.
Camera Club—All bills must be paid by or on April 22. —CLAYPOLE.
W. A. A. Tennis—The following games must be played by April 21: Christenson and DeWitt vs. Moore and Wilson, Reith and Alexander vs. Demoret and ^Decker, Rose and Conklin vs. Halstead and Smith, Jenkins and Mills vs. Mounce and Raebig, I Merritt and Walker vs. Baker and Randall. —JENKINS.
Playshop—All members of art and paint■ing crews report to the sub-basement of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. April 16. —CROMER.
Wesley Foundation Hike—The freshmen commission invites all of the Foundation members to attend the hike to Happy Hollow April 17. Hikers will leave the Foundation at 2 p. m. Refreshments will be 10 cents. —MYERS.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—The following report to the Women’s Gymnasium April 16 at the following hours: 1:30—Barbara Harrison, Treva Berry, Virginia Gardner, Virginia Wilking, Dorothy Roberts, and Barbara Dobson. 2:30—Georgiana Pittman, Virginia Tislow, Peggy Bicks, Marjorie Blalock, Pat Jones, Janet McDougai. —HAZELTON.
Scrivener—Editorial staff meeting April 18 at 7 :30 p. m. in Scrivener office. Please be present. —BROCK.
Purdue Engineer Staff—^All sophomore staff members and all freshmen interested in working on the Purdue Engineer next
year must attend meeting in the Engineer office at 4 p. m. April 19. —GILBERT.
Peace Committee—^Meeting April 16 at 6 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. —MIRKIN.
Union Workers—Our committees please report at the Union office as soon as possible after 1 p. m., April 16. —MYTINGER, McLEOD, PERKINS.
Union Workers—If possible report to the
Union office at 1 p. m. April 16 to arrange fraternity booths. —WIGGAM.
Camera Club Members—Pay bills on or before April 22. —CLAYPOLE.
Playshop—^Important meeting of stage crew in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p. m. April 16. - —BRENMAN.
Old Mother Hubbard
wasn't the only one who found the cupboard bare— most men just now have a depleted wardrobe. Stock up with smart Geisler clothes from our Spring arrivals!
$19.50 to $37.50
GEISLER’S
A/li/sic and Rhythm Hal, everybody loves it I
ALL COLUMBIA STATIONS
Chesterfield
THE FIRST PRODUCT TO HOLD TWO NATIONAL RADIO AWARDS