s ’' /
. f
VibluiiHB "55^ No* 4^ . > Pjurduc iJni¥ers»t-y^ West- Lafayette; Indiana IrttdAy, September 4^ 1942
^ ? > 'T " ^ ^ ( A
Fgiii|||i fQptifijent Ql Sailors Arrive On Campus
iourse In Electrical W^rl^
i#' Wava/; Starion f„//5ted Rese/ve Corps Orficia/s ^en fo /^i// Quota df SO0 wif
The fourlK coiitinlent of sailoi^s to be assigned to tiie Naval Vr l// in f^pliCStltS 1 FI nFFTlOTy
Training School (■electrical) at the University> arrived yester- /„ ^ ^ ^ u L day, filling the quota of 800 men assigned here. Following an jy applied for membership ih the orientation meeting today, the new arrivals will begin four Army Enlisted Reserves during the months’ 'class work Monday in electrical theory, electrical lab- summer semester and have not yet oratory, tool laboratory, and mathematics. enlisted are requested by the
jjf. Military department to report to
Thirty of the men arrived'shortly after noon from the Naval room B-4 in the basement of the
Training Station at Norfolk, Va.; 170 were assigned here from the Great Lakes (Illinois) Naval Training Station. The first group to arrive wore dress blues and brought with'- them seabags which were stuffed to overflowing with equipment. The men left Norfolk at 12r46 Wednesday, and took the boat across the Bay to Newport News.Russell J. Rexroth, of Baltimoie, told of the one-hour trip across the Bay and their dash to the train aft-
disembarking. He
Erosh Coeds Attend YWCA Saddle Shoe Tea Guests Inspect Refinished Offices
Armory as soon as possible. In order to complete the enlistment of the University’s quota before the close of the enlistment period, December 31, 1942, students are asked to cooperate and report early, thus avoiding the last minute rush which might prove too big for the administrative offioifils to han-'
die.
Details Given In Class It is necessary that applicants
Mahns
Will Play At Mixer Union To Welconiie Students Tomorrow
Students Establish New Record As 6,243 Register/ Coed Drop In Enrollment Slips Ratio To 4.95
11:30'Maury Mahns and his orchestra will provide musip for the
YWCA yesterday afternoon entertained the coed members of the
cirtl at the Armory in older to first Union Mixer of the fall semesexpedite and complete their enlist- ————————————
ment in the Reserves.
New students and sophomores
described freshmen class and then counselors reenterjng the University
marching into their Pullman cai, at the annual Saddle Shoe Tea. Dec- this fall will be informed of the dewhich was assigned to them .by ations carried out the saddle shoe Enlisted Reserve plan Chief Petty Officer William Allen, f^^®™®- ^nd member of the receiv- military classes during the ■who was in charge of the diaft. A Ime were identification tags in gj September 10. At that time separate dining car was reseived f“® ®"‘'^P® °f saddle shoes. military insti-uctors will tell them for the men and they were amused Coeds attending inspected the when and where to apply, to find that their supper happened newly redecorated offices and met Juniors, seniors and others who to be the same as they had for dm- the officials and sponsor's of the or- are not enioiled in military classes
ganization. Memberships were on should apply direct to room B-4 in sale at the tea for $1 for two semes- the basement of the Armory for
^ .. . obtained at the further information and possible
r YWCA office from 4 until 5 each aft- pnlistment
rooms in Caiy Hall North. Complc- , ,, , eniisumeni. ,
ernoon during the next two weeks.
ner before leaving the station. Following theii ariival “aboard ship” the men were assigned to
tion of the training by the blue jackets will qualify them to perform electiical duties. Men with the best scholastic records may receive the
rating, electricians mate,
class.
Six Committees
Members of the YWCA may woik on any of the six committees set bird up for the coming year. The social committee, under the direction of
Of Fortner Members
Lt. Commander Herbert M. Hart, Evans, has charge of ar- Ft. R. K. Cast, supply officer of USNR is commandant of the school I'angements for teas and parties, the band, will sell band'uniforms
.,which opened June 1.
New Special Science Coeds Will Attend
Tea Tomorrow
Members of the University’s experimental science group for girls will welcome this fall’s freshman
Dorothy Arvidson, head 'of the publicity committee, is in charge of publicizing YWCA activities by means of press and poster and also supervises decorations for the social
affairs.
Jane Dunbar Heads Social Service The social service committee, with Jane Dunbar as head, sends members wheiever needed. This last year YWCA members taught remedial English classes at Cary
entrants to the group at a tea to be Home, dance classes sponsored by
for old band members who will no longer need their uniforms and wish
to dispose of them.
No uniforms purchased before September, 1940, will be accepted. When a part of the uniform turned in has been sold a check will be forwarded to the specified address.
The following prices will prevail: ^j^g foeshmen, officials point out that 1940-coat, $9; trousers, $6.25; gar- ^jg j,g
risen hat, ?1.75; field cap, $.90; four- ™;c.cinn
By Dave Odi^%ee
Under the sleek barrel of a massive 156 mm. Ytt^witzer significantly overshadowing the
Tomorrow night from 8:30 to third wartime registration, a record group of 6,24d students took the initial step into the
fall semester of the University’s war time program. Heading the list of record class enrollments the freshmen this year came out to the total of 1,875 against last fall’s 1,867. Although this increase is not as impressive as it might be, when the number of freshmen who registered last spring and transfer students classified as freshmen are added to the total it
is swelled to an impressive 2,378.
Increased service to their country during the war and also a chance to increase their op- ' ■ portunities after the defeat of the axis nations was given as
the reason for the great increase in freshman enrollment by Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott. Breaking down the grand total'of students entering this
Book Exchange Goes Over Big in Early Sales Turnover Exceeds $1,400 To Date
Student Book Exchange is going over, the top in sales of books this year with a total of over fourteen hundred dollars sold to date. As the time for closing draws nearer the demand is still greately exceeding
the supply.
Exchange officials voiced a plea for all technical books with special emphasis on freshman engineering, mathematics and pharmacy text-
books.
Exchange Continues
Receiving and selling will con
Darlene, vocalist for Maury
Mahns' band.
ter which will be given in both Union Ballrooms. The Union is extending a special welcome to all new
fall shows that coed enrollmenj; has dropped slightly to 1,262 while the eds on the campus have increased by 171 to bring
students. As a particular notice to through September 12 in the the University ratio to 4.95 eds to 1 girl. These figures do not
ragerre, $.76; two lyres, $.60; 1941-
P.U. and two -coat, $12.66;
given tomorrow from 3:30 to 6 in the Lafayette YWCA and did setl trousers, $7.25; garrison hat, $1.75;
the west faculty lounge of the Un- tlement house work, ion. Prof. Helen W. Hazleton of the Gloria Niemeyer heads the rephysical education department, will ligious committee which takes the introduce mcmbei's of the commit- freshmen to the church of their tee foi the tea, Mary Lou Sternberg choice theif first Sunday on campus,
has charge of devotions at retreat and at the regular meetings and cooperates with the University Re-
and Beulah Van Camp. Miss Sternberg, chan man, will present the faculty membeis, including Prof. Dorothy A. Bovee, head of the special science group, and will intioduce A.ssistant Doan of Women Clare A. Coolidge, Prof. H. E. Enders, dean of the science school, and membeis of the guineapig group who have been active in
campus activities.
ligious Council.
Dubois, TVlittendorf Chairmen Maithena Duboi.s and Virgii^ia Mittcndoif are the co-chaiimon of the membership committee; and Lois Veit is head ot the office committee which keeps films, hours and supplies operating smoothly.
field cap, $1; fourragerre, $.75; two
P.U. and two lyres, $.60.
Freshman Engineers Freshman engineers enrolled in Engineering Lectures G.E. 1 or G.E. 2, meet Saturday at 8 a. m. in the Music Hall instead of Fowler Hall as listed in the Schedule of Classes. —KNAPP
This dance being the official welcome daiice for the fre.shmen, the back drop was designed with that
South Ballroom of the Union. Hours are front 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. and the Exchange is open through the
lunch hour.
- Owners of the books are not allowed to charge more than seventy-
represent the final registration totals as there are still many students who have or will return to the University and register late. Army enlistments, drafts and good jobs in the war indus-
theme in mind. It consists of a light pg^. gg„t gf t^g original purblue cambric drop trimmed in red g^^^se price during the sale, and the with words “Welcome Freshmen” ^g^tg are sold on a non-profit basis , printed across the front of it in student Union workers, spangled letters. The usual $1.10 According to the Board of Conwill be the price of admission. gg^ ^p ^j^g student Union * officials, all money and unsold books David E Ross must be claimed before noon, Sep-
tember 12, following the sale.
. . . president of the Board of Call For Money Or Books Trustees, who has been confined to Those failing to comply will autothe Home Hospital, was reported matically forfeit their right to the today to be resting peacefully and money or books. Leftover books will improving. be sold on the wholesale market.
That Personal Touch
Health Service Begins Year’s Activity With Physical Exams
By Stan Shipnoski knowledge that he is perfect physic- “Doc” has been on the staff for six-
Becommg ac?)uamted with the ^
flat feet, malnutrition, color blind- anyone has gone through the Uniness or something never had before versity during the last nine years by man. This is no source of worry, without coming in contact with him.
however, tor one of the functions of Extra Services Provided
the Health Service is to help stu- Besides medical attention, the dents correct minor defects, if they Health Seiviee is ready to provide, so desire. the student with such features as
Student Health Seivice was one of the first pleasures of the incoming freshmen when they took theii physical exams sometime during the first of this week. Of course, being a bit shy, we’have never witnessed the coed pliysical examination, but we can give you a slight idea of what the freshmen went
through.
Clothes Are Removed
tries seems to?ha,ve claimed some of the sophomore and junior classes as the second year students totaled; 1,432 against last fall’s total of 1,529 and 1,113 juniors enrolled this fall against last fall’s total of 1,289. The seniors this year registered just 14 more students than last fall to total 1,076. Results by schools show that the engineering schools -are responsible for the greater part of the increase as they enrolled 3,601 students over last fall’s 3,256.
Mass Meeting Of 900 Students Report For First Musk Callout
Last night’s mass meeting for '
After a somewhat exaggerated aun lamp treatment and Doc’s own students interested in the four program is beitag scheduled in addiattempt to introduce the Health hay fever cure. Colds which are major musical groups was the larg- tion to several important trips. He Service to the new student, we prevalent during the winter months est ever held, according to Albert also mentioned the fact that the
should really get down to business will be battled by a few cold injec- P- Stewart, director of campus
Stewart, director of campus musical organizations act
Upon stepping through the door an^ divulge" fust what the thing tions given by the service. Alcoholic musical organizations. Nearly 900 booking agency for specially talentof the Executive Building into-the called Health Seivice really is. The cough medicine, gargle and 67 dif- students were estimated to have at- ed students to fill in spots on trips room where the physicals start. University catalogue says the Serv- ferent varieties of mouthwash are tended the gathering in the Music and local exhibitions, someone iimnediately requests the jee “provides opportunity for each given free of charge. This was an increase of 300 Individual and pi ivate tryouts for removal of certain outer garments, student to consulft with a competent The| University Pharmacy School oVer the turnout for last year. membership in the organizations This is not intended to scare the i^edical advisor.” makes up the prescriptions obtained Stewait opened the program by will be held today fiom ,$:OO-12:0O “greenie” but speeds up the process Meet Doc Miller from any of the Health Service doc- introducing Joseph M. Ragains, as- a. m. and 1:00-6:00 p. m. and to
of examination and gives the student and the doctors a swell chance Service
to become acquainted. on the c This acquaintance become in- give consultation whenever anyone without cost. I'he organizations were then in- Ragains will listen to instruniantal croasingly prevalent as the exam- fiesires it, but the consultee is more Doc Bays To Follow Directions troduced to explain the scope and applicants in the third fiooi' studio ination progresses from room to apt to call it a “bull session” when New students had opportunity to functions of their various groups, of the Music Hall. Tryouts who will room. If it is a good hot day some leaves the office. Make no mis- take one of prescriptions as soon Mr. Stewart stated that the musical become nienihers of the musical may even be reluctant to leave the take, h^'ever, he will know that'he as the physical exams weie over, gi'bdps are planning their bigg'est gioups will be announced early next Coed Engineers have not been an unusual sight on the campus lJuilding and return to the hot has had medical attention. for each was given typhoid fever season this year, with the great week in the Exponent. fko i-ioarl fnr trainorl pnninppi-c fnr tl-ifi. dwtinn'e war offi-irf sti’eets and Still hotter clothcs. ‘fDoc’s” genial manner and in- capsules, the oral way to combat demand for music that always re- Student directors of the organsmee the need engineers for the nation s war effort philosophy are an excellent typhoid fever. “Doc” requested each suits from war. Out of town trips izations are Ray Friend, Concert became evident Shown here are G oria e and Murray Hake, the time the entire examina- stimulant while the student is being person to follow the directions care- will be limited because of the dif- Choir; Dick Bufflington, University members of la^t*year's freshman engineering class, receiving ^0^, which lasts about one horns is treated for ^such things as a fully as his first bit of advice to floulty in obtaining taansportation Choir; Don Frier, Orchestra; and some practical training in surveying. pompleted, one comes out with the sprained back suffered in PE 18. new studentsi ' - facilities, but an extra large local Robert E, Myers, Glee Club,.Paj^ k
Pur4u^ Ei^oimnf
Friday^ September 4^ 1942
i'jS.
Puf^e Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editrir-iri-Cliicif News Editor M-'inapinff Editor Rpor.s Editor,.; ... Uasincs.s Manager.!..‘l. C!!rrn!ati<)n Manager.. Coed Editor..
....:.John P. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armstrong .......Robert L. Hadley William D. MiUard Ken K. Giemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors i .. Kdilorinl Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoskins, A. }\ Hiinttr. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Sian : IJ, E. Brewer, J. S. Dn^vson, E. L. Karpick. t oed Staff : Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Bu.sincso Manager: Julia Martin. Advertisintr Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H- Klouman. Accounts Manager; Trena Torrenga. .lunior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Kditnr-in-Chicf Manaffins: Editor Business Manager Coed Editor irpotts Editor Advertising Manager.. Accodnt.s Manager Circulation Manager...
Dave Barta ...'....Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum .....Roberta Kessler ....Bill KilHgrew Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Boswinkle Sports Editor: Brewer Day Edifop Hass Issue Editor: Vermilion Reporters: Baynes, Murphy. Gerhart, Tyson.
Ehtured as,.second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under .the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, aiul at 'the special rate of postage provided for in section ]ie;S, act oi October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. ruhlishtd on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings dui-iuir th year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a .-■emester or $3.00 for two semesters ; by .mail for $2.00 for a s.nuLter or $3.60 for two semesters, sumri'.cr femester ; mailed subscription $1.60. Represented tor national advertising by National Advertising Service, luc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Nev?, York, N. Y.
Reserve Status For Students
Begins Research
(Editor’s Note: The following articles are excerpts from a digest of an Bgreepient between the War^ Department and the Navy Department in regard to enlistment of college students ip tne Reserve of the Army, Navy, or Marine Corps* A story cortcernIng the agreement and its effect on University students appeared in the £»oneDt of June 4, 1942). ^ ^ . ■ 2. Provisions will be made to include in
When It Comes To Singirtg^^. .
Wednesday night “Spotts” Emrick and the Purdue Symphonic Band put on a wonderful show" as they teamed together on the march “Hail America”. When the students talked about the band after the convo, however, it wasn’t the fine job it did on the solo which was discussed, but the diflRculty the crowd had in following the band’s renditions of “Hail Purdue” and “America”. It seems too bad that a band which is admittedly as fine of the University’s has. to •spoil a good performance by completely confusing the people who are trying to sing with it. And that’s exactly what happened, as could readily be seen, or perhaps heard is the word, by the results of the attempted singing. In each case it started off bravely and then a's the song- went on slowly decreased in volume. Of course “Spotts” has a perfect right to arrange the music he plays to suit himself. Every bandleader does it, and we’re not the ones to Ray that in many cases pieces aren't better in the arranged form than as originally written. But the people who have to .sing with the band learned the songs as they were written, and they can’t be expected to follow the quirks and innovations which the band reads into the music. Then,, too, ther^ i.s a tremendous inertia about mass singing, especially when there are 6,000 people doing i i, and once they get started singing one way or in one tempo, it is hard to change. If last night had been the first time that an audience had torn its hair trying to keep up v.’ith the Emrick version of a well known song it wouldn’t be bad, but this sort of thing has bean happening ever since we’ve been in school, and there isn’t any reason to believe that it was any different before then. It wouldn’t be a difficult job to completely alleviate this difficulty. The band could play numbers so they could be sung when singing was scheduled, and when playing solos or when marching could do anything to the music that they thought would .improve it. It might take a little extra effort on the part of the musicians, but it would improve the feeling of the student body toward the band a hundred percent, to say nothing at all about the improvement in the singing, j The University Band is recognized throughf out the state as a fine musical organization/ but like the prophet, is without honor only fn its own home. Only “Spotts” and the band can change this.-—d.d.b. i
appropriate corps area and naval district quotas for the enlistment of college students in the reserve of the Army and Navy necessary students for advanced study, research, and faculty replacements for colleges. Students in these categories will be permitted to continue their studies on an inactive reserve status. Provisions For Industry 3. Appropriate provisions will be made for the wartime requirements of industry in accordance with the recommendations of the War Manpower Commission and with the civilian needs essential for the National war effort. 4a. In military colleges and institutions maintaining Army ROTC units exclusively, and in which the ROTC basic course is compulsory, paramount interest rests with the Army. Navy enlistments in Such institutions will be made as follows: (1) No enlistments in the Naval Reserve will be made from the freshman class. (2) Enlistment in the Naval Reserve from the sophomore class will not be made until after selection of students for the Army ROTC Advanced Course has been made. The selections for the ROTC Advanced Course will be announced not later / than three months prior to the completion of the equivalent sophomore year. Arrangements for the enlistment of students for the Naval Reserve may be made immediately after the selections are made for the advanced Army ROTC, The actual enlistments of those students will be completed at the termination of the sophomore year. Students who have been pi^^viously enlisted in the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps and who do not accept contracts for the Army ROTC Advanced Course will, upon application for the individual, be discharged for the purpose of enlisting in the Naval Reserve. Qualifying Exam i 7.. A quffiifying examination will be given to all students during the second college year. The examination for those students enlisted in the Naval Reserve will be different from that given men in the Army Enlisted Reserve in that the Navy examination will include mathematics and physics. As a result of this examination, the following action will be taken: 7b. The ihqn in the Army Enlisted Reserve who do not nmet^the required level will be called to active duty as enlisted men and given the same opportunity to qualify for commission as other enlisted men.
By Wayne Silver You golfers, with the added worry of the threatened and actual scarcity 6i balls; will be somewhat encouraged on learning that one of your -itroubjes of long standing is being attacked along a somewhat different line at Purdue University in the Department' of Biology. If the attack is successful yOu may be able, to divert your entire energy to the ball problem. ,We cannot do much here about that. Constant Threat To Greens Brownpatchis the constant threat to peace of niind of every greenskeepef and is a' potent irritation to every player. This disease, brownpatch; 4f' ndt stopped almost before it is started, can I’uin rather large areas df' putting turf. Of course, if you should miss a fourteen foot putt' by a hair an area of brownpatch-will furnish an excellent excuse, hut wouldn’t you rather sink the putt than have an -easy ajpjli? Spj-’jE, and the greenskeeper -yv^nts you to sink iC too. But the causal agent of the disease is rather contrary, and plays no favorites, With; the scarcity of so many things, mercury compounds are not readily available to combat the disease, Other materials, of course, are also becoming more difficult to get. It was with the idea of investi-
gating cultural methods, the “care and feeding” of golf gfeens, in the hope of finding some way to help reduce the incidence of the disease, that a research problem was set up under the direction of members of the Department of Biology. Just as the health of people may be affected by what they eat, so the bent grasses used on the greens may have , their ups and downs according to the way they are fed. We are constantly warned that our socalled fast life will soon wear us down, that our eating habits are poor, but we should be more careful so that we can keep going. But think of the grasses of a golf green! They must be at their very best aj:' all times, and don’t think that they don’t lead a fast life! Look at the troubles you have with your own laWn! While the problem has many technical implications which we hope may lead us to fundamental concepts that we may apply to other plants, and which are too involved to be di.scussed here, we hope to be able to provide new ways and means of overcoming brownpatch. Or should we not leave some alibi for that fourteen foot putt that just ringed the cup ?
“Hon. spy investigating new development in U. S. . . . Maybe like brown .shirt movement in Germany . . . Report great number of youth clamor for ‘Zoot suits with drape shape’. . . . ”
9n, IhsL Dr W.H. Headlee Personnel Notea
has recently returned from
Indianapolis where he has been in-
vestigating pin-worm infection
This column “has been run in previous years to acquaint students with the activities planned for them by local churches.
University Presbyterian Church North St. at Grant St. •9:30 a. m. The student class will meet under the direction of Dr. Graves to discuss the life, of Jesus as portrayed by one of the Gospels. 10:30 a. hi. Sermon, “Obeying the Unenforceable,” wjH be delivered by Mr. Findley. The’ full choir will render special rriusic. 4:30 p. m. There will be a meeting of the Deacons in the office. 5:00 p. m. The Sunday Evening Club will meet in the church lounge for a picnic to be held at the picnic grounds behind the stadium. All students are invited to attend these meetings.
among children at Riley Hospital. He has found an incidence of infection in 16 per cent of the children. Dr. Headlee, a member of the zoology staff of the biology department, has previously been associated with parasitological research in Egypt and Venezuela.
Placement Notes For Women
Openings for women with majors in chemistry or at least two years of the subject—-anyone interested should call the Placement Service for Women (2955) immediately. Openings for women majoring in engineering, physics, mathematics, and accounting—anyone interested should .sign up immediately or telephone 2955, Placement Service for Women, to schedule interviews later in the term.
Companies scheduled to visit the campus: Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, Ohio. September 8, 9, 10. The Pennsylvania Railroad. September 8. Interested in C. E. and E. E. McDonnell Aircraft Corporation, St. Louis, Mo. September 9, 10. General Motors Corporation, Detroit^ Mich. September 9, 10, 11. The Prest-O-Lite Co., Inc., Indianapolis—Coming September 16". Interested in M. K., Met. E., Ch. E., and Industrial E. Sign in Personnel Oflice by Monday, September 14. Nortli American Aviation, Inc., Inglewood, Calif.—Coming September 17 and 18. Interested in Dec. M. E., C. E., E. E., and Aono. E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Septeinber 12, 1942.
ber 12. ’ U. S. Civil Service Commission announces openings for junior physicists, $2,000 a year; and medicaL technicians, $l,44O-$2,O0O a 'year. There are no. written examinations for these positions. Applications may be obtained at the Lafayette Post Office, For further information call the Placement Service for Women (2965).
BUD RODERICK and his orchestra from the campus of the University of Illinois
Now Playing Every Nile, Sunday and Holiday Affernoon fhru Labor Day.
Baptist Church Chauncey at Columbia St. 6:00 p. m. This evening all Baptist freshmen are invited to an annual banqxiet held in their honor by the church and the Roger Williams Foundation. The dinner is sponsored by the Baptist Ladies’ Union and will include special music and the introduction of Cabinet members of the Roger Williams Foundation.
The current needed to make the amount of magbesium which goes into a magnesium, bomb—^20 kilowatt hours—could be saved by anaverage American home willing to cut its use of electricity by just 2 per cent of the amount used in a whole year.
Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Chicago, 111.—Intcro.stod ,in women who.have majored in Chemistry or who have had at lea.st 2 year.s of thi.s subject. .Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, Septom-
Pppular Prices FREE FIREWORKS DISPLAY Labor Day Evening
St. John’s Episcopal Church
Sixth and Eerrji,,Lafayette 8:00 a. m. Holy Communion ,serv-
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
Aciose From Union ‘Red** 8omoiun0 *29 . **Doc** Epple *40
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTKER A. RISK DR. HAROLD I. RISK
— DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg.
Lafayette
4th and Main Sts.
New Roller Rink, Modern Bath House, Rides, Amusements, Toboggan Slide Free Adm. Free Parking
First Lt. Gene A. Hesferberg , . . Field Artillery, has recently been assigned and has reported to duty as an Instructor in the Military Department of Purdue University. Lieutenant Hesterberg is a 1941 graduate of the School of Forestry, Purdue University. He attended Arsenal Technical School, Indianapolis, prior to entering Purdue and lists Indianapolis as his home. Lieutenant Hesterberg entered active duty .with the Army in August, 1941, and reported to Fort Sill,''Okl,ahoma, where he served until his assignment at Purdua The War Department has announced the promotion of First Lieutenants Franklin L. Wilson and Charles L. Baum to the grade of Captain. Captain Wilson was a member pf the 1936 class in Mechanical Engineering and joined the Military Department staff in August, 1940.
ice will be held followed by breakfast served in the Parish House for students as guests’of the parish. 10:45 a. m. Holy Communion service will be held with .sermon by Rev. Thornton, and music by male choir.
LUNA
TODAY AND TOMORROW
Westminster Foundation Grant at North St. 7:30 p. m. Both new and old students are invited to attend a ‘‘Get Acquainted Party” to be held tonight in the recreation room of the church, at 320 North St.
Tom Glazebrook
Personal Notes
i' ;. . .1,840 graduate of the forestry school, recently enlisted in the 799th forestry engineer’s company of the Army of the United States. While at the University he was a'member of Sigma Phi Epsilon, Xi Sigma Pi and Alpha Zeta. After his graduation, Tom received a fellowship in forestry at the, University of Idaho and won his master’s degree in 1941. While in Nevada, he established a plan , of fire protection for the state: Recently he has been employed as assistant forest ranger for Nevada, and as an extension forester by the state .agricultural extension department.
McGurk, Hodge Wed
Ml', and Mr.s. H. L. McGurk, 2206 North Tenth ;s‘.ieet, Terre Haute, announced Saturday, Septembeii 12, a.$ the wedding date of Miss Ada McGurk and Dr! Edward C. Hodget of West Lafayette. Miss McGurk giaduated from Indiana State Teachers’ College, ^nd tlii.s :;unimer received her Masters Degree from Pur^due University. Dr. Hodge is a graduate from the Uiiiver.sjty where he was a- member of the Triangle fi'alcj'nity.
golden bell reposed on the dining room table which was decorated with white tapers and golden'fiowers. At 8 o’clock Mr. and Mrs. Craig renewed their marriage vows in a ceremony with Rev. J. Newton Jessup officiating.
Golden Wedding
The Che.stnut Room of the Union was the scene of a family .dinner to celebrate the golden wedding anijiveisary of Mi\ and Mrs. George H. Craig of 224' Waldimri street. Their daughters, Mrs. Blanche Burm U and Mrs. Joe W. Smith, St. Louis, Mo., assisted ill I'ecuiving Abe large number of guests at the home of tiicir parents after the dinner. A Jai;ge wedding cake in,the form of three bells held together by a miniature arch from which swung a
AugustWedding August 7 was the wedding date of Miss Selma Jacob, R. N., and Lieutenant James 0. Creese. The bride was attractive in a two-piece crepe dress, with which she wore contrasting accessories. 'The bridegroom graduated from the University, class of 1941, in the department of engineering.
Burton, Orton Engagement The engagement of Mary Jane Burton, University coed, to Lt. James W. Orton has been announced by the bride’s parents, Mr, and Mrs. E. E. Burton of Bridgeport. Lt. Orton attended the University and is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity.
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLi FEATURE
Beware!
The Wolf Man!
-plus-
Mai$ie'$ Back in Her Merriest Man Adventure
GOLD RUSH MAISIE with, ANN SOTHERN LEE BOWMAN SLIM SUMMERVILLE
MIDNITE PREVUE SAT.
ALOMA of THE SOUTH SEAS . in Technicolor — WITH — DOROTHY LAMOUR jON HALL
iMmem
TODAY AND TOMORROW
VOTED THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE! OREER WALTER CARSON PIDGEON
Dbeoted by WILLIAM WYLER Pcoduoea by SIDNEY FRANKLIN
MRS. MINIVER
with
Tmom WRIGHT • Dame May WHITTY Reginald OWEN • Henry TRAVERS Riohud NEY . Henry WILCOXON Screen Play by Arthur Wimperis, George rieeaohel, lames Hilton and C|audine West A WILLIAM WYLER Production Bued on JAN STROTHER’S Novel
5 DAYS STARTING
TOMORROW
—LAST TIMES TODAY— RICHARP DIX
KENT TAYLOR.EDGAR BUCHANAN
■.if >)
; <$ K •
i .%1'iV '
FHddy^ September 4^ 1942
,j ^4?’' V ^■«.4?"'< ^ ’ *'1 iji ’ Jfjf*'
■ %
I ' ^
Boilermaker Sports
)
Pttgi3
iott Speaks Before Grijdlil|rs First Contact Drill
F^apenguth's Swimmers Cdhdition For Season With Dick Papenguth’s return to the campus, the Riveter pwimming team will begin to take form for the coming season in January, as the members of the team started working under the tutelage of their coach. Dick has been away at a summer camp this, summer and has just gotten back. Some of the boys have been swimming all summer, while others just began to loosen up last night in the Fieldhouse pool. Still others will not return to the campus until next December to take part in i »»fi ■ tifii the activities. prafiK Whitney Wins
; Between 15 and 20 men
could be seen practicing their Rallr | ina RilliAffl various arts last evening in the *^'***' UllliaiU
pool. Most of the boys are, looking forwaid to the comifig
s
ports Communique Q By Bob Hadley ^
sehedtile which will stait a little earlier this year, about the first of January. The'piiinary objects of the team at the present are to start preparing for the annual aquacade, which rV'ill’ be held about Thanks-
giving,
This year’s team will be composed
Match In Union
A large group of both ed and coed spectators witnessed the billiard match between Frank Whitney and John Marr in the Billiard Room of the Union Wednesday night as veteran Whitney defeated his opponent in a closely battled 18.2 Balk Line
of mostly sophomoies and other in- match. experienced varsity men, as the ma-' Whitney, who had to play 250 to jority of last year’s lettermen were John Marr’s 160, started off slowly either lost by graduation or to the and at the end of the first 10 innings Army. Two varsity men will not the score stood at Marr, 26; Whitbe back until December. They are ney, 16. At the 30th frame of the Johnny Juengst, diver, and Murray hotly contested match Whitney seHubley, both of whom have defense cured the lead 81-60, and was lead-
ling 229-133 at the end of ,the 60th 'inning. Interest in the coptest was indicated by the large audience
present.
The next event In the Billiard Room will be the Rotation Pocket Biliards Tournament for freshmen.
jobs at the present time.
Williamson Back
Joe Williamson, captain of the team, is one of the veterans who has returned to take part in the breast stroke events. Joe was last year’s
Mid-States A. A. U. breast stroke xui itcom , 11 c , Already 34 entries have been
champion. Bill Snead is another upperclassman lhat has returned and should do something in the sprinter events, accoiding to Coach
Rapenguth.
Two middle-distance men who were working out last night weie Cliff Erickson and Vein Hansel. Near the end of the season last year. Cliff was making rapid impiovements in these events. Vein will probably be switched fioin the middle distances to something else be-
With the Boilermakers getting right into the thick of^^ 'ifhree-wepk ednditioning session' in preparation for the visit of t^e R^ms on the 26th, Elmer Burnham gave the lads a taste of scrimmage the closjpg minutes of yesterday^s practice." Everyone in these p^rjts^jjp^ crossing fingers and praying that there will be no 1942 recurrence of lgst;^aaaso^ij,’s string of injuries, and it didn’t help a bit to have to send l^psl^y Carl Volkman, junior tackle, to the hospital to be placed under obseryation for possible head injury, resulting from a hard kick on the ^ide of^the head. However, when revived and told that he was slated ifts, fjie hospital and scrutiny under X-ray, Carl was restrained with difficulty from walking to the hospital, so damage was probably, flight. At press time reports indicated that the 198-lb. minor let^erpian was intact. mI i'( A good portion of the operations this afternoon took the'tforftii of prafetice on the art of transferring the ball in the backfield ifi^'suiell'a way that opposing linemen pounding in don’t know where the ball is or whete it is headed. From all appearances—they won’t. sil Incidentally Fordham will enter Ross-Ade Stadium thrfeh weefc^*^ from tomorrow with no small advantage in preparation and qhaff- *' tity of material to choose from. Unrestrained by any conferehefe^' rulings, the Rams have already been seriously at work for almost three weeks. Also, they are this year instituting the use of freslimPn in varsity competition—something that has not yet conte to thF Big Ten, even though the scheduled curricula do not permit gridders more than three seasons at most of the schools. The freshmen probably will not be too evident in the lineup, though. The Rams are not exactly desperately in need of material. The guards are the only position that Coach Earl Walsh is even worried about. The rest of the line is made up of veterans of the teain that played in the Sugar Bowl last year. And the only question abouj; backfield men Andrejeo, Filipowicz, Cheverko, Ososki, Babula, Yabloniki, Hearn and Elder-, concerns not their reputation as one of the best set of backsdu the country, but rather, how the last two got on the u^ing those names. '' Yes, it looks tough. But we have been watching Elmer and his gang go to work, and we like the looks of things. We’re not going to worry yet.
corded for the event, with twice that number expected before the entries are closed. The tourney will probably take place some time next week, with announcements being
made in the Exponent.
Forst D. Fuller
SENIOR CORDS $5.50
PLAID SHIRTS $3.95 $5.95 HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main St.
. . . formerly of the biology depaitment of the University, is doing physiological research at the Armour’s Biological Laboratories, Chi-
cago.
fore the season begins. Ileidke—Record Holder One of the outstanding sophomores who is back is Roy Heidke, who as a fieshman set the pool lecoid for freshmen in the breast stroke, his time being 2:29.1. George Rich IS another sophomdre who takes part in the fiee styles and backstroke races. Other sophomores who Papenguth will lely on are Van Dueson and Ray Mann, both spiinteis. One of the few divers who IS back is Herm Bauei.
Prepares Iowa Naval Cadets IOWA CITY, la.. Sept. 3—Lieut. Col. Bernie Bierman, former Minnesota gridiron coach of national fame, was preparing today for a fast and furious season for the Iowa Naval Cadets. Coach Bierman, who IS training the football squad of the University of Iowa preflight naval school, worked out a tentative varsity line-up and ran it through^a lengthy session. Changes Possible He used Ed Jankowski, A1 Couppee, Dick Fisher, and Jim Langhuist, all former collegiate stars, in the backfield first string, but indicated that shifts were very piobable during the pre-season dulls. Mat Bolger and Mai Kutner saw action at end spots, with Bob Flora and S. W. Kolens at tackles. Julius Kein and John Biola filled the guaid positions, and Bieiman sent George Frye at center. Signal drill and long passing lehearsals have been the main theme of the week’s drills for the cadet-
McMillin ReQeives Light lU Turnout BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Sept. 3— Indiana’s football squad, cut to 40 candidates by'- several late withdrawals, reported today to Coach BO^McIVIillin for their first practice of the 1942 season. The small turnout, one of the least in the Western Conference, went to work immediately, and began practice for the Hoosier opener with Butler University Sept. 26. Faller, Gayle Out Carl Faller, sophomore tackle fiom Gianville, 0., has undergone an appendectomy and will be lost for the fiist six weeks, and Sheldon Gayle, junior reserve guaid fiom Hammond, was unable to report because of a back injury received late in spring practice. Fourteen lettermen, seven backs, and seven lineme'n, were among those who reported to McMillin.
officer team, with the Seahawks also spending consideiable time on defensive work. 1,
These days a fellow needs self-confidence. Nothing provides it quite so well as clothes that are clean and shapely. And when it comes to making clothes clean and shapely, there is nothing quite like . . - SAN ITON E GARMENT SERVICE
Senior Cord I ' Pants
Made with Slide Rule Pockets and Zipper Flys-$5-00
DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
i '■
Great Lakes Grid Squad Opens Drills For Heavy Season GREAT LAKES, 111., Sept. 3— Lieut. Paul (Tony) Hinkle’s Bluejackets, expected to scare the midwest grid teams with their brute force this season, continued heavy drills for thdir opener with Michigan, at Ann Arbor, Sept. 26. Wealth Of Material Hinkle, who coached football and directed athletics at Butler University in Indianapolis for many years, will have a wealth of material of both professional and collegiate material to work -(vith this year, including Bob “Iron Man” Johnson, former Boilermaker center. John Petty, another Boilermaker, and fullback for the Chicago Bears who saw considerable* action in the AllStar game, is expected to sign with the Navy and play for Hinkle this
season.
Bruce Smith’s tossing highlighted drills yesterday on the sailor squad, but the officer-mentor was not satisfied with his receivers. Rudy Mucha, formerly of the University of Washington, and Steve Belichick, Western Reserve, are also being tested for passing abilities. The backfield candidates will continue their aerial tactics this week, while the linemen will continue heavy workouts in preparation for the first scrimmage, which will probably be Saturday. Three Elevens Drill For low a Grid Schedule IOWA CITY, Sept. 3—Three full elevens and four extra men constitute the University of Iowa’s 1942 football squad which is wor'kmg for the ten-game schedule. Smaller than usual, the squad may have several additions before the end of the week but even at that it will be numerically inferior to Hawkeye groups of previous early September practices. The fact that fewer players than customary are on the field won’t cut down on the competition for positions and stiff fights already are developing at several spots. Running plays for the present tentative No. 1 group Wednesday were nine lettermen and two sophomores. They were Bill Parker and Bill Burkett, ends; Bruno Niedziela and John Staak, tackles; Gene Curran and Del Dickerhoof, guards; Tom Hand, center; Jim Youel, quarterback; Tom Farmer, left half; Bill Staiiss, right half; and Dick Hoerner, fullback. Youel and Farmer exchanged positions at interwals. Only sophomores are Niedziela, 230pound Chicagoan; and Hoerner, the 198-pound Dubuquer. Another line combination Wednesday, subject to some alternating, was: Bill Barbour and A1 Mannino, ends; Bob Yelton and A1 Urban, tackles; Bob Penaluna and Bob Liddy, guards; Bob Lauterbach, center. A third included Jim Keane and Waldo Marolf, ends; Roger Kane and Jerry Kubal, tackles; Don Lehmkuhl and Henry Blum, guards; and Bob Weber, center. Dr. Eddie Anderson picked various backfield lineups, among which were Sam Vacanti, Duke Curran, Russ Benda, and Chuck Uknes; as well as Ed Schweizer, Jim Ferguson, Ben Tiickey, and Ted Lewis. Classes . . . will continue as scheduled on Labor Day, September 7.
Loss Of Anderson Leaves Line Problem Inspired considerably by an unannounced short talk by President Elliott, the Boilermaker grid squad received its first taste of contact work yesterday afternoon as Coach Burnham concentrated also entirely on blocking and tackling in,preparation for the first game against Fordham here the afternoon ot September 26th, Elliott particularly stressed the importance of football in the nation's , . ' ‘ physical preparedness proLine Smashers gram. The entire squad of nearly ; 70 men listened as the Presi- ,' dent assured them of his pres- , ence at the Vanderbilt game. He was not sure, however, whether or ' 1 not he could be here fOr the all-im-portant Fordham clash.
•• Anderson Out
’ Earlier in the afternoon Burnham received the news that Odd Ander- , son, promising sophomore guard from Evanston, 111., would not be back to school this fall. Anderson, a Norwegian who was born in Stavanger, Norway, had been counted on to help solve Burnham’s already difficult line problem, but the former All-State and All-Suburban selection was just recently notified by his selective service board that he could expect a call within the
next few weeks.
The unexpected loss of Anderson brings to eight the number of Riveter prospects who have traded grid togs for service uniforms in recent months. Other losses from the 1942 roster, all major lettermen, include
. . . are these two Boilermaker jjal Schumacher, fullback; John fullbacks, vieing for fiist string Vecs and Chuck Ehrlich, guards; berths on Burnham’s offensive- Bob Johnson, center, and Marion minded squad. Both Bill Buffington «Red” Carter, Francis Meakim and
(above) senior back, and John Paul Anderson, halfbacks. Andretich (below) junior, saw ac- Clymer Will Stay
tion in last year’s grid encounters, with Andqrson definitely out of and are expected to do plenty of the picture, Burnham indicated that ball-toting for mentor Burnham yesterday’s tentative shift of Ralph
Bill Buffington
THE CHESTNUTkROOM I, r yoM/L J'OVifubL The food is perfect-youll find the atmosphere most refreshing and cool on a hot summer day! The meals will fit your budget—try our money-saving specials! JhsL fiwidjusL Wjimifikd. lAjrdim. Just take a walk through the building!
this year. Clymer, Peru sophopaore, from
tackle to guard, would remain per-
manent.
Another loss to the forward wall was suffered yesterday when Carl Volkman, junior tackle, received a painful head injury. Carl was unconscious for 10 minutes before her ing sent to St. Elizabeth Hospital.
Kicking a Bright
One of the briglrt spots of the afternoon was the brilliant punting of the Riveter backs. Bob Chester, who last year had the best yardage on kicks of any back in the Middle West, was getting away several long ones. He, along with Boh Hajzyk, was punting consistently for about 45 to 50 yards. Only one or two fell shoit of the 40 yard mark. From the.'spot back of the line of sciimmage from where they weie kicking, seveial balls traveled Uearly 60 yards in the air. , More work was done on passing as Burnham sought for a passing combination which would play a J prominent part in the Riveter offensive this fall. The return to action of Kenny Smock, last year’s most consistent pigskin tosser, bi ought a smile from Coach Burnham as the junior halfback is being counted upon to carry a large part of the Boilermaker running
and passing attack.
Smock, Berto Toss ’Em
In addition to Shock, Tony Berto, Henry Stram and Rocky Snyder were also on the hurling end of several passes. On the receiving end
Cheer leader tryouts will be held weie Burnham’s fine crop of wingMonday at 4 p. m. m room 104 of men—Tex Smerke, Bill Shimer, Lathe Fieldhouse. Both old and new vern King and Forrest McCaffery. eds and coeds are invited to attend. The sticky-fingered Smerke, who Expel lence is preferred, but not won much recognition in high school necessary. Any student who has a for his pass receiving, may be Bumpleasing peisonality, an easy stage ham’s answer for a gr.ound gaining presence and tumbling ability are end of the Dave Rankin caliber, desired. Biuee Adams, senior yell- In an extended dummy scrimmage leader, will meet those who are in- session that wound up the afterterested. Cheer leaders of previous noon’s drill, John Andretich and Bill years will also be present. Buffington oiiginally listed as halfCoeds get activity points in WAA backs, were back in the fullback while eds will get a letter in their slots. Andretidh worked in a comsenior yeai. Both eds and coeds will bination with Bob Hajzyk, quarterleceive keys. back, and Henry Stram and Rob At the fiist of the year the can- Chester, halfbacks, while Buffingdidates will practice five days a ton appeal ed in a foursome that hpd week from 4 to 5 p. m. At the end Rocky Snyder at quarterback and of Ihe football season less time will Ed Cycenas and Andy Berkley
be required. halfbacks.
John Andretich
Cheer Leaders To Hold Tryoufs Monday At 4
INTRAMURALS
The following fiateinities will
8
Phi Kappa vs. Triangle.
have
softball piactice Fiiday eve-
9
Phi Kappa Psi.
mng,
Sept. 4, at 4:15:
10
Acacia vs. Sigma Nu.
Diamond
11
Alpha Chi vs. Delta Chi.
1
Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Phi
12
Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma
Epsilon.
Chi.
2
Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Pi.
13
Phi Kappa Tau vs.' Bdta Theta
3
Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Ep-
Pi.
silon Phi.
14
Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Sigt|ij|i
4
Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Kap^h
Alpha Mu.
Epsilon. 1
15
Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Alpha
6
Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta
Tau Omega.
Chi.
16
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sig-
6
Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau.
ma Alpha Epsilon.
7
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Theta
17
Pi Kappa Pffi Phi Kappa
Xi.
Psi..A ^ I
TWA
BiSi^ue Exponent
Friday, September
New Course For Coeds Guinea Pigs Will fake Special Subjects
HOLLYWOOD'S TOP 'RUG CUTTtri
To Determine future Programs
With a cufriculuin desi^neia‘t6 improve tlie freshman student’s ability to cope with the University and the world at large, the School of Home Economics will this semester enroll 75 freshman women in a new experimental course. The central course of the new program, which has been in the process of consti'uction for over three years, is a four hour introduction to home economics to be taught by Professors Matthews, Bloye, Howe and SchaUtz-Hansen. This course will take most of its materials from the regular freshman work-in clothing, applied design and foods, which it
replaces. These will be handled as units, each unit lasting for ten weeks. The 75 coeds tak-
ing the special work will be di- - ’*■' Af?
Playsho|} Blotters
allg ClIC O^CV^JKll TV lAJi wo vAi ' >• ^ vided into three groups so no AnnOUI1C6 ^BdSOfl
more than 25 will be taking -
any one unit at a given time. A| jjAm Aramac The fourth unit, personal V™ relations, requires one meeting ' por thViixk^ time' as many |ach week and will be under the di- years the blotters used at registraj^eetion of Dean Matthews. In addi- tion announced the complete di‘ation to class discussion, • outside matic season of Play^hop, the Unispeakers will be used to help give versity dramatic organization. They the freshmen a more thorough also announced the advantage of orientation * and a greater under- buying a season ticket foi $1.60 Standing of the University and its after leaving ^-egikration in the purposes. Armory. Emphasize Physical Health The dramatic season will open on This course will attack the fresh- October 14 with the Rqse Franken men’s problems from three stand- comedy, plaudia , w'hich will be points—^personal, social and voca- ^^1® Fowler Hall stage. This tional. The personal heading will comddy concerns ^he pioblems of a emphasize the importance of phys- ^^we, newly married young lady ical and mental health and their de- mother to pendence upon rest, recreation and housekeeping with her husfood; while the social work will After 18 months this play is stress the impression the student lunning on Broadway and is makes on Others and will probably Ipraised highly by numeious include ratings. The vocational dramatic critics, value of home economics, both as a Proceds To Navv paying proposition and as training The next play will be given on for the home maker, will also be fhe week end of the Indiana-Purdue discussed. football game. It will be a revival These same three points will be of the highly successful summer applied as a basis of attack to the term comedy, “Jim Dandy”. All of other units of the course in an effort the proceeds will.he given by Playto -provide a really comprehensive shop to the Navy Relief Society, introduction to the field of home This will be in cooperation with economics. In these units clothing drives at other university theatres selection, food selection and ap- to reach a $5,000,000 goal, plied design developed to meet the “Watch on the Rhine” by Lillian present and future needs of the stu- Heilman will be staged December dents will be taken up. 8 to 11. This is a story about a GerTests To Determine Content man family that was followed to I The materials actually included America by Hitler’s agents, in the course will be at least partly Musical Groups To Appear determined by the deficiencies re- Februaiy 9 to 12, Playshop Vealed by new oiientation tests in produce the Parker Fennelly the average freshman’s home eco- comedy, Cuckoos on the Hearth . nomics experience. The tests cover varsity show, ‘ Hit the Deck , the skills that members of the staff l>i'od«ced with the cooperation of the hold as minimum requirements for University Musical Organizations, entering sophomore courses. final show of the season. One of the major aims of the lively tunes are right up with course is to take care of the differ- t™®®, since it concerns the life ences in backgromrds of students and loves of the Navymen. entering the Home Economics Regular admission fee to these School. Some have had no previous Performances is 76c, but a special experience in home econonrics, while reason book is available to students, others have had many years of 4-H '^'hese books will be sold at regisClub work- and others have had ^^-ation for $1.50, and contain couhome economics courses in high PonS which may be exchanged for a school reserved seat to each of the four Lab Work Optional Productions. The book also Laboratory work is optional for includes a ticket which may be the girls taking the special course, *«rned in to the Fowler Hall box but they will be urged to-elect lab- o*®® for a 50 per cent reduction oratory courses in the subjects in on the “Jim Dandy” production, which the orientation tests show Because of the response to the them to be handicapped. ®®’'roi coupon books, which were Students who need more experi- ^old this summer, Playshop yill enceinthepiinciplesoffoodprepa- rrs-rin offer these books for those ration and in sewing may elect the "^ro will be leaving the campus at regular freshman foods and cloth- Chiistmas because of graduation, ing'labs. Their work, however, will nrilitaiy service or employment,
be somewhat different than <that
given to .students in the regular /^a(//0 Fo/Z/GS SHoW
epurse. A Special applied design labTo Begin At 9 P.M,
Membership Drive For PI A
POMM: Kpys «re now nvmlublc nt iew« plry store. —HUNT
Under Graduate Dames Club t Ik room 261 of tha Union at 7:80 Thur^sdoy. , —KORTK,
SCA House Presidents: Minutes of Au- , . 7~~ ^ .U Rust 4 Board meeting are available at the SCA: Important meeting of alt west desk. —MOGAVERO members whether elected or _ not Tdesday
west desk.
-MOGAVERO
SetsRecord
at 7:30 p. m. The SCA ^policies’JEny, th®
G. E. 11 and G. E. 12 Exam: For -emovalI, coming semester must be 'eStdblWhed >88 of “C” grades will be held Septi liber 5 soon as possible. Please be , at 1 o’clock, Room 201, Michael Golden MOGAVEHU
Shops. —RISING
Memberships in the Purdue Independent Association, a caippus .organization of non-fraternity and sorority students, sold at registration, exceeded sales of former years by 200 new PIA memberships beyond the old record. In addition to this increase in membership at registration, the organization is planning its annual fall membership drive in which PIA representatives will canvass the rooming houses of the cariipus in an effori; to contact every independent student in the University. PIA IS the largest single organization on the campus, and, due to its great size, offers an extensive social program to the University’s independent students. This year PIA members are eligible to leceive a special fire insurance policy. A 75c policy piotccts student personal property from damages up to $200 for two semesters. This service, which has been offered in the past, is now more important than ever before with the exceptionally crowded housing facilities that the large enrollment of this serhestcr has necessitated. These policies are offered without the usual housing rating required for fire insurance policies. Students desiring further information about the policies or other functions of the PIA may call the Purdue Independent Association any afternoon between 4:00 and 5:00 o’clock.
___ Zouaves: Practice for Corps Day drills
AH Organization Presidents: Plan on September 24 and 26 will be held Wedn^day having your organizations and activity at 4 p. m. in the Armory. All acu^ mem* gioups ready for the group pictures for the bers should attend. aAL/rvHUJN
Debris, to be taken Ihe last week in Sep- f
timber You will be notified as to the *xact time and date. —H^ECKARD
Sigma Delta Psi Members: Local keys arc available for membirs. Get them at once. Pay Frank McGirr. —ARNOLD
Former Cary Club Members: Any fellows mtcicstcd in .issociate Cary Club momborship should inquire at the Cary Hall South ofriOe for fuither details. Those eligible miibt be non-frnliinity nembers who have lived in the halls fo’ i or more semesters.
-JACKSON
AidMda
Classified
KM
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Expartent Offiefe
305
or phone 3053. Ask for KloumaP*
Typewriters—Adding Machine<^ all mak^
All Freshmen: Call-out for frosh football sold. Tented, repaireil, and purohnbed. Mlmi^
rluinagprs Monday, Stptimbcr 7, at 4 p in rear of Fuldhouse. All inter'^-tf'd a'tmd.
~ JACKSON
ograph work done. C. J. iSbershdff, 605 Mali!,
Laiay^tte. Phone 2^<79.
Former Scouts and Scoulers: Alpha Phi Omega, national bCouUng ami yorvlec honoi.uy, Will hold its fust open meeting in Room 301 of the Union, at 7 *30 Tuesday, S(pt S Goloi pictures of the west will be showp. All aic cordially invited. . —EICHER
Woncy to loin on dinvnopds, watchea, gunB, luggage, typewriters. Albeit’s Loan OITfciy 107 Columbia.
Will tpay cash for any old or new used bicycles, Kigor Shell Service, Northwestern at OdJumbia.
S( tial Chairman: Oiganizationb dcfeiring the Union ba’Irooms lor dances <luun:c the Lill Uim submit written uqucBtis to student Umdn oflioe beroie 4 p. m. Tiusday, S P‘, 8. State (lute, time and ballroom picfciencc - DEUSTER
Wanted—Pait-time studdnt foV window display, show card work, and interior store display. State experience* Reply Exponent Box No. 1.
\cll Leaders: The opening n\eelmg foi all students irtorested in being Purdue yell kadeis will be held Monday, Sept. 7, in Room 104 of the Fitldhouse. —ADAMS
Acromodlers: Program committee meeting in Room 80 at 7’30, Fiiday, Sept. 4. Ml mcmbf-is of the committee must attend if at all possible. 11 in doubt come anyway. Meeting will be short. —SMITH
t DOES ,YOUH PEN LEAK?
..Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH’S
Enlisted Reserve Corps: All juniors, seniors and militaiy desiring information or desiring to apply for the Enlisted Reserve Corps should! apply to room B4, basement of the Armmy. Freshman and .sophomore militaiv students will be mfoimcd in theii miUtaiy eUisses where and when to apply —GRAHAM
Junior Military Students: Who were formeily inediided under par. 20 (i. e. at their own expense) but who have' since signed the contiaet, will please call at the Military Department Supply Office and obtain lefund of deposits —LT BROWN
It’s none other than gorgeVus Betty Grable practicing a new number she springs on her tans in “Footlight Serenade,” the ncii 20th CenturyFox musical which stars Victor Mature and John Payne with the curvaceous blonde star at the Ma/s Theatre starting tomoirow. William LeBaron was the producer, and Gregorj Ratoff directed.
Notices
Track and Cross-Country: There will be a meeting oi all fall track and eross-coun-trv men Monday at 4 p. m in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Be thcie promptly —PPIILLIPS
Fraternity Rush Chairman: A Riipploment to the list of incoming freshmen is available at the Fraternity' Affairs Office Come up and get youi copy —SCHWAB
POMM: Important meeting Monday at 1 p m. in room of the Aimoiy Pledges foi the (all s('me’’'ter will be chosen and fourrageit« w/ll be eUbtiibuted —JACKSON
GE Staff Member
Receives War
Army Offers Information On Civilian Enlistment
Training Post
Maunce Gianey oJ' the Univci^g^v general engincciing staff has been appointed a distuct >^nesentative for the war tiaining piogiam and will have chaigc of classes at Lafayette, Frankfort, Lebanon, Ciawfordsvillo and'Gieencastle. Haiiy Short, of East Chicago, is distuct manager. Giancy who has had chai ge oi the sunrnrer program in engineering lundamentals for high school graduates succeeds J. James Jeluing who has been moved to the East Chicago office. Registration is now open for the Jail classes which will start this month. Courses to be offered include: electrical engineering, radio engineering, engineeiiiig d'awing, management essentials, pi eduction methods, motion and time study, precision measurements, geai iundanientals, and metalluigy. Applicants should legistci with Gi'^ney in room 102, Michael Golden Shops.
Civilians living m the Lafayette Area desiring information lelativo to appointment as officers in the Aimy of the United States ails advised that the office handling rhis w'ork IS the Indianapolis Oflicoi Procurement District located on the 4th lloor of the Post Office Budding, Indianapolu. Indiana.
The Officer Procurement Branch locates, examines, and recommends candidates for appointment as offi-
cers from civil life in the vanoiis
branches pf the Services of Supply.
Doctor
FOSTER Camera Shop
Just Across fFom the ClnioA
mjAFSf
Help till? Treasury “Minute Men” nf America hy
|d the nearest store and buyinij your^
. . . of Philosophy degrees were given to Noiman C. Wheolei and Walter C. Randall, hoth ol whom received their degrees in ph5'siology from the biology department.
u
inik Ji
DEFEISE BO^DS and STAMPS TODAY
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
oratory will be offered for the co-
eds in the experimental gio«p. More Research Required
Students in the .special course will have faculty guidance throughout their four yeais at the University. Each fre.shman will be assigned to one of the eight faculty counselors who will be in chaige of the guid-
ance program.
Control Group To Check Result The .students w’ho wdll serve as guinea pigs have been selected fiom those who indicated they would like to take the experimental work. A
With the hlchestia of Ma'ury Mahne to provide the music, radio station WBAA will present a special one hour variety show, “Purdue Radio Follies of 1942,” tonight at 9 in the Noi thBalhoom ol the Union. The production is open to all students without charge, and fieshmen aie especially urged to attend. yhe Davis twins will sing with the oichestra and the imitations and
^ , pianologues of novelty pianist Dave
Hall will also be featured on the show. The entire program will''be
with backgiound.s as neaily like those of the expeiimental group as possible will be compaied with the experimental group at the end of the yeai in order to deteimine the contribution made to the development of the student by the experi-
mental curriculum.
broadcast, and the audience will take part in the proceedings. Master of misinformation Tom McCi um will conduct a w’hiz quiz, and Don Biinkeihoff will demonstrate the abilities of his personal Chailie McCarthy. Fieshmen problems will be enacted b> Jim Hobson, Wilfied Scott and Woody Cochrane. Becky Pervine and Joyce Burnham
Thieves Cnter Two Fraternit'y Mouses
Two tiaternities on the campus " ' ^®
Buttered a comhined loss of $314 this
week as a lesult ol buiglaiies. Plsyshop TryOUtS
.Recording to Ralph Bi ick, presi-
dent of Sigma Alpha Mu Iraternity, i will contiilue this aJternoon $227 was stolen from members of 'beginning at 4 in Fowler Hall. Tothe organization last Wedne.sday, morrow afternoon the tryouts will and $87 -was taken from Theta Tau commence at 1 p. m. and will confraternity. tmue until 4:30. Any student interThe money was taken from ested in helping on the Playshop oIotheB of the students which wei e crews or cafit is urged to attend one thajn thrown in piles on the floor. ot these meetings.
Only a Parker gives you: exfra large ink capacity... original pocket-level Military Clip . . . and the Blue Diamond Life Contract Guarantee. Visit your pen dealer today! Speed—more spci'd! And v\liolhor you I'aco how duties at college, or arc getting set lor a job in tlie Service—a Parker Pen helps speed every writing assignment. Parker Pens eonlain no rubber sae... bold oiie-tbiid more ink than the average of three well-known sae-lype pens. The cose and balance of the Paiker are a revelation. That satinsmooth lip of osmiridiiim w/iii’t wi'ar seralc Iiy in a lifetime! Visit your pen I’oiiiiter. Try the amazing n<>w Puiki'i,- ",51” with the ",51” Ink that (hies as you leiite! See llie famous Pai ker Vaeiiinalic Pens, too.
Beautiful ParlctrVacumatlc with T4levMlan Ink Supply "Oiw»hand" patented fillet-. Junior and Sub>d«i>, $5; Major (Illustrated) and Debutante,$B.7S.
^ GUARANTEED BY LIFE CONTRACT! jiUto OUinumtt on tho pon is our tontnut unLuiiilitiumillY Kuumnliving si mi ii fur the immei's life, uiihuut lost iilhi r ihiiii .77(1 dun He fur pustuge, insuiance, unil ImnilliiiH, if pen is nut iiueiiiiuinilly iliiinuHeit unit is rettiiiied complelo to 'I he Parker Pen Company, JaneseMe, iP'isLuimn.
SINCE 18B8 'AMBHICA’S FINEST PENS, PENCILS, SETS
COPR 1842, THE PARKER PEN COMPANY
4i Ik
id
F f
T I.
i C