battle on Stuart J^ieid idrnprroy/ in tduGbbai |,
tr ti rf' 111 III ir|lil)i|('i^iiid
Wisconsin game? for the teem torfiy;
III -I lii i„,t.ai>i .i.iitt-iiilf iii«iiriitiiiiiii..iiiiiiiiMiii^iiti(l^^
j’/
£. £. Day To Presi
West licddyette# ibidlaiia *
•Elbert E. Day, superintendent of schools at Marion,; will be-chair^ man at the meeting of the Guidance Gotjference in the faculty lounge of ithfe Union this morning at 9:30. Kenneth Holland of the American Youth Gommissiidn, Washington, D. C., is the first speaker of the morning and will address the group oii “'Work Experience for High Sehpdl Youth.” Other speakers at the morning session 'ivill include: Harland W. White, prineijial of the Morocco -High School, Morocco, Ind.,; and chairman of the Indiana Student Work Council; Wscoe Pulliam, president. Southern Illinois Normal University, Carbondale, Illinois, and ,H. L. Shiblei", principal of Euclid Cential School, Euclid, Ohio. . •^ At 2:00 p. m., the Ijnal session of the conference will begin with Richai’d M. Bateman presiding. The first speaker on the afternoon program, will be Roy S. Rtickman of :'N'appanee, Indli- Governor of the Indiaha'iDiatfict; of ^ RiWtvnis Jiiterna--tiiohal i •.1mm fed’iately’ folio win g his .Speech, ithe' ihtrdductioh' of Gover-nOr-eleCt LoWell G;'Taylor will take place;' ' ' ' j The program will include speeches f)y the follovtiug: Baird P. Cox of-Eoganspoi't, chairrhan of Voca-tional-Guidaflce committee, Kiwanis Intefriational; William • Ployd, • West Lafayette; Waldo Wood, Oakland City; Francis H. Gillespie, Monticello; C. M. Harris, South Bend; Allied Masters, Terre Haute, and Dr. Charles H. Lawshe, visiting Professor, Trade and Industrial Education, Purdue University, d.l.g. fiey^rend Jasper Cpx WW Speak Tomorrow For \l(esley Vespers Guest speaker at Wesley Vespers tomorrow evening will be Reverend Jasper Cox of Monticello. Rev. Cox, who is a prominent worker among Methodist youth in the northern part of the state, will use as his theme, “Maintaining a Sound Balance in Times Like These.” The speaker was educated at the Boston University School of Theology where he earned the M.A. aiid S.T.B. degrees; Cox has done considerable Work with Syrian Boys? Clubs in Boston. In addition he has spent summers in the Norfolk State prison and Worcester State Hospi-
tal.
• Wesley Vespers is a Sunday evening worship group which meets flpm to 7:45 p. m. in the First ■Methodist Church each Sunday evening:
Rdsede Pulliam, president of Southern inihoi.s Normal Uftiversity, spoke at a dinner meeting of the Guidance conference last night. He urged persons advising youth to recognize the fact that there will be. a need for -more service workers with' less oiiportunity for young people to go into business for themselves and there will be an increase in the power and number of labor union members.
ill firadley Plays Before 900 Couples At Military formal Eighteen-hundred persons danced to'‘ the boogie-woogie rhythms Of Will Bradley and his band at the annual Military Ball from 9 to 1 last night in the Union ballrooms. Opening the formal season, the dance featured a red, white and blue backdrop with an enlarged program mounted behind the band-
stand.
The grand mm’ch was held at 11 under the crossed sabers of the ball committee. The special ball-edition of the Exponent was distributed after the grand march.
Scafahard And Blade Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, announces the following
pledges: : .
Lt. Cols;: L; H. Miller, .1. C. Wiltey, \ Majors: N. A. Melzer, R. A. Kunt/, H. F, Graebner, R. E. Lring, M. S. Weir, T. M. Bushnell, H. D.
Myers, F. J, Meyer.
Ga.ptains: R. M. Click, A. J. Graf, R. N. McManus, J. M. Albertson, J. N. Coll, <R, B. Arvidson, R. L. Munson, A. C. Jackson, J. A. Miller, R. F. Brock, T. W. Shoop, F. S. Farios^ Hi G. Gordon, Di H. Daley, A. L. Lambi I. L, Greenbergi J. F. Duecker, ;Ji. R. .loiies, L. W. Ruff-
iier, J, IT, Thomas.
Second Lieutenants: A. L. .Tacksom R. T. Ball, M. R. Spencer, J, W.
Brown. IT. T. Smith.
Cadet Lieutenants: A. L. Cliffoi'd, G. W. Ely, R. A. Sprenger. Debris Beauty Queen Entries
Tonight; Tends Toward Swing
POSITION
: LE ..:...
Rossi -.. . LT .... .. Miller.. LG Johnson... C ...... Melton.... .......— RG ——
Charleston, III., and thus gained the O’Bryan RT experience and musical'education Gonibs. RE that make his band what it is today, gmerke QB
Cheatei' or Cook...;..... LH Berto — RH 1...... Petty-.-....: FB ....-
Johnny Paul and his orchestra .PURDTJE
will play from 9 to 12 this evening JJugJi in both Union ballrooms for the
Union niixeir- ,
Features Swing Music
Paul- organized his -first band when he was a .college student at
WISGO##'
Thpjfiplly
His drum playing is one of the features of the organization, which
also feature.s swing music.
Vocalists; ' :
.........HirslpPi^W — ...Seeliibgelr .. .Hdsldh» pr ||tay JBai^er
Men
Close Tonight To Qualify For pier
Tonight will be the last chance for prospective beauty queens to enter in the annual Debris beauty contest. Joe Erwin of the Debris business staff stated last night that there were already 116 enti'ies and that be expected about 35 more before tonight. Of these coeds, local judges will pick 32 finalists at an elimination contest next Tuesday. The competition, which is closed to the public, will be held in the north ballroom at 7 p. m. Bobby Byrne To Play These 32 hopefuls will then enter the finals, which are to be held at 8 p. m. Noy. 29 in the Music Hall. Striking a different note in beauty contests will be “Swing as it should be swung” by Bobby Byrne, his trombone and his orchestra from the Glen Island-Casino. Along with Bobby and his band will be a number of acts given by a professional vaudeville troupe. There is no limit to the number of contestants from any one organization and any coed except former Debris queens may compete in the competition. Tickets are priced at 35 cents and may be obtained at the west desk of the Union or from any sophomore Debris worker, d.w.o.
Univei’sity students may now obtain commissions in branches of army service other than the Field, Artillery as a result of recent action taken by the War Department. In the past many students, who would have otherwise applied for advanced military training, have
be the usual $1.00. b.g.s.
Little International To Preview Chicago
■ “Little International Livestock Show,” which is sponsored every year by Hoof and Horn, honorary for animal husbandry students, will
, , be held Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the
faded to do so because they saw no. Livestock; Judging Pavilion on the corrdation between their civilian .University farm. This show will preproiessions and their <lutms as re- the animals which will be pre-
1 ^ ■ sented ,by the University at the In-
May Recommend Comm.ss.ons ternational Livestock Exposition in ^ Present ruling permits Gol. D. M. Chicago from Nov.'29 to Dec. 5.
Beere to recommend qualified ad-' vanced ROTC graduates for
com-
missions as 2nd lieutenants in the Quartermaster Corps, Signal Corps, Air Corps (non-rated),Corps of Engineers dnd Chemical Warfare Service as well as Field Artillery. Major qualifications for branches other than Field Artillery are: s . Quartermaster Corps—that the graduate .should have majored in one of the following: accounting, animal husbandry, business admin-
Helen Reynolds and Russ Farns- Officials! Referee, Mike Leyden, Notre D.aine, worth are vocalists for the orches- H. G. Hedges, Darfmoutih; field judge, Dr. Ray Huegei, 3^tra, and Farnsworth plays .the elec- q'U®l^te;:fiead liwesman, Dr. E. F. Cigrand, Northwesteim,.trie guitar. In addition to the.se fea- ..Breadcasts': WBAA, Purdue (Telegraphic report); WtBC, Paul and his band have played at u t f» ' various places'throughout , the. mid- ' ^ Dawson ^ wesC and his swing and originar Before an estimated cEpwd of 22,000 Dad’s Da:/- fan,< the tempos are considered favorites revenge-hungry Riveter gridders will meet the high-scoring apmng dancers.; ■ - _ Badgers at Camp Raindal in Madison, Wisconsin, in a-'game ,ie mi^ei a mission c arge will g-|;a,r;ting at 1:30 p. in. (GST) this afternoon. Although several
Of the key men in the Bbiiermaker offense are still on the —_—: — ^——-— injured, list, the team on. the
whole is in better physical tod mental condition thto s^t toy
other time this season.
The game today will give the Riveters a fine opportunity |^y back the Badgers, a little debt we owe Hiem” in the words of qiti^ei'back Tex Smerke. As you .w^ re-
.. V t ' naember in the battle with the saine First of the current series of de- Wisconsin eleven last year at ]^ssfense lectures will be given’by;Hu- Ade Stadium, the BoilernSy^ bert Herring, widely known lectur- ^completely outdassed thc: er and world traveler in the ,Music for .nearly 54 minutes. Hall on Nov. 25. This was. an- ^^e ;last few minutes Wiscoi^iil
nounced by Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the department of history, economics , and government, who is chairman of the faculty committee in
charge of this program.
Herring’s topic ■will be “Latin America, Germany and the United States.” This is one of tho most important subjects of the international situation besides the war itself
Itering To 0ive First
Show Tuesday Night ln ferios Of Oefonso
locitires Noyomi)^ 25
Will Show 77 Head
The show will include ten steers of three breeds, 15 sheep representing three breeds, 40 barrows of five breeds, and horses representing Percheron and Belgian breeds.
General Public Invited
Members of the.anipiai husbandry in Europe and the Orient. He has
staff will comment on the show as the animals are led into the ring. All stock except horses will be sent to the Chicago show since no breed-
had wide experience in the southeim hemisphere and should be well qualified to speak .on this subject, w.s.:
istratioii, engineering (other than ing stock of any kind.is shown by
The Union was closed to all but - , . -- . ^ those attending the ball for the ■Dr00Cl6rS
Rifle Club
An important meeting of the Purdue Rifle Club will be hold Monday afternoon at 4:15 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. It is imperative that every member be there because of the complexity of the problems which are to be discussed.
-—Don Phillips.
UufgNO Cheniistry Course TeUPhes Photo Principles
By Dave OcliHtree While walking along the corridor in the basement of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building the other day we heard the low voice of an instructor saying, “You’kave all seen the twinkling of the stars at night. This is due to conditions in tho air, such as haze and dust, which cause distortion and scattering of the light reaching you from the stars.’’ Havipg always had- -an undernourished curiosity about- astronomy we poked our heads into a little green roopi populated by ten - students, bulletin boards, and a large number of metal reflectors with the hope of finding something that would satify our hunger.' Bird’s Eye View But much to our surprise these t,en boys and girls were studying photography under the direction-of Dr.'-Eckel. After class we - asked Dr. Eckel to give us a bird’s eye View 'Of the course. He explained that the class, which is limited to l2'«tudentB', is listed with the Univei’bity as Cheinical Engineering 142.'it meets three time a week, once (on Tuesday for an hour lecture, and twice, Tuesday and
Thui'Sday afternoons, i’or threehoui' labs. Durinp' the lecture periods they study the lelations between developers, available contrast, diffoi'ent cameras, emulsions, exposures, positive prints, pi'ojection printing, lighting, a little bit about cbmposition and theoretical problems; the study of lenses, color and its influences on the .film, and bow the chemical changes that take place in (loyeloping' can he controlled. Now Apply It In the -laboratories the students are left on their own hook to apply what they have learned in any way 'that 'they see fit. At this time they have access to. three enlargers, cameras, developers, and other necessary dark room equipment. All that the members are required to provide for themselves are the film and printing and enlarging paper. Aside from these there are no other expenses incurred in taking the course. In closing Dr. Eckel said that they were planning to expand the course in the near future so that more than 12 students would be able to participate.
Breeders interested in the fundamentals of genetics are attending tho Purdue Livestock and Poultry Breeder’s School held here at the University Thursday, yostei’day and today. “The purpose of this meeting is to improve the |)i'oductive iTficiency of the live.stock,” said H. J. Reed, dean of the School of Agricultui'c. This program will be presented jointly by the Agricultural Experiment Station, School of Agriculture and the Agricultural Extension Service. The Animal Genetics staff will take part in the discussions and will present scientilic comments for those attending the meetings. At a banquet held Thursday evening, Col. E. N. Win^tworth, divecr tor of research for Ai'mon-r and-Co. of Chicago, was the principal speaker.w.s. . • . Bdcterjologists Aitend Sessions" 0f Indiana Society In Bloomington ’ ■'Appi'oximately twenty studdnts majoring in bacteriology and several University instructors attended the annual meeting of the Indiana branch of the Society of American Bacteriologists in Bloomington yesterday. - , The president and secretary of the Indiana organization are, respectivelyr Dr. S. E. Hartsdll and Dr. P. A. Terault of the biology department. . Dr. P. R. Elliker and W. H. Brown of the, dairy department presented a paper on some of their research which is rolated to the-pasteuriza-tion of cream. p.s.
chemical), food chemistry,- transportation, law, public utility management. Signal Corps — an aptitude for Signal Corps-duty (in: general electrical enginceiing or physics majors). Air Corp.s—aeronautical and mechanical engineering or business administration. Corps of Engineers—civil engineering-; Chemical Warfare Service —degi-ee in chemi.stry oi- chemical engineering. The War Department is planning to send a represe-n-tative of the Ai niy Air Corps, maturials division, to visit the University and talk with senior RO’J’C students regarding (lu! Air Co’rps andpxptain .to them the types of work heirig done, i-.e.f. Gen. HersheyToSpepk
the University. The “Little International” is free and the general
public is invited, r.e.f. Max L. Munson
. . . ME ’39, second lieutenant in the, regular army, died instantly of injuries sustained when a new type scout car which he was testing overturned Wednesday. He was a merabOr o-f .Scabbard and 'Blade and interested in the Men’s Glee Club and University Choir. Bijjfore volunteering he was employed by the Goodyear Rubber Go. in Akron, 0.
Tickets
came out of ^ nowhere ta.piidl of the real Frank Merriwell jSi^ltK of the year and nosed out the;ltiy-eters-14 to 13. -V -
Tihiperman Out
At the present time Pete Tiraqi^iN man Is the only regular, out of action. •However, Peters XiglR tackle .post will again be 'held;^wii by burly Ewell O’Bryan, who ' to be one of the real heroes against Michigan State by playing 6()f ipinutes of courageous, hard-fightfiig football. Sophomore Barry Frgneli is believed sufficiently recovered _froni an ankle injury to provide support for O’Bryan.
Smock To Play
Kenny Smock, brilliant sophd-r more halfback who has been put di action since the Fordham gaiiie he* cause of a bad knee, may hdii^ed upon this afternoon in ,an eRfi^ to match the Badger scoring mp^uiev Kenny has been working . ojtfe; all.' week but has taken part in very little contact work. , The outcome of today’.s game will be of great - impoi'ta.uce .to.- both teams because of their present standings jn the We.'itern .Conference. Both are in the .500 bracket in gaihes won and lost, so a A'ietdry for either eleven this afternoon will put them Well up among the leader^.-
Their Offense Is
In facing the Badgers today, the Riveters will be up against a leiiin second only to the mighty GoffiSers
TO n c-i u —■:■' ■ of-Minnesota in offense, andva'feo a , By Pat btenberg . team whic* has not been-shutdUt Dropping bheii knitting, teeth. Bell Pin Back .Baker all season. During the sis. gamaa to and pin-men, the Pi Phi’s havp McCartney., Slapback ...Brown date Wisconsin has rolled up a total again the irre- Blake. Wayback IJIartin of 125 points for an aVera^'of piessible Pi KA’s on Stuart Field Robinson...... Dr if tback .-Sharps peaidy 21 markers per gamevtomorrow at 3 p. in. in an exciting Yesterday Captain Jones predict- But Defense Sin^Is, touchhall game. , ed that the Pi KA’s wfil zip right -However, the Badgers have one At the first drop of his handker- through: the Pi Phi line. In answer qf the weakest defenses in the Con-
The advance mail order sale of season -reserved seats for the home basketball schedule will be opened today and. will, continue through Monday, Dec. 1. The season reserved seats, that will entitle purchasers to preferential tickets for all home games, are priced at $8.(10, including tax. Theire ivill be -uo direct splici.^ tatipp for ticket sales, and ali>orders must .reack the ticket otBce by Dec, 1 in order to he. filled in
the season block.
Pi KA's Battle Pi Phis In Annual Touchball Tilt Tomorrow At 3
, , , • agreeil to meet once again the irre
An annoimcement was made last night by the Purdue Religious Council dr a meeting tomorrow at -the Olivet Metiiodist Church in Chicago
to discuss tlu. subject, Uit Con-- Referee “Doe” Cole will begin to this, “Pud” Blake states, “There ference while the Riveters with dhe .seientious Objector m the Second , ci,. p: ...ui » lerence wnue tne Riveters vutfiolie
oi the strongest lines in thev country
World War.”
Eif teen nationally famous speakers will be iiresent, including Paul tiomely French, secretary, of the National Board .for Religious Ohjoctors; Thomas Jones, president of Piske University; and Brig.-Gen. Louis Hershey, director of the Se-
lective Service.
the preliminaries of the game, Pi will he .no gaposis in our line.”
Phi Captain Pud Blake, - IQO Can Toss A F.potball(?> have a defense second to none in,the pounds of dainty femininity, will The Pi Rhi’s have gone on a re- Big Ten. In its six games WiscotSiin spehd across the field to grasp the strieted diet of candy, cokes, and has given up a total of 140 pomfe cold’.shaking hand of Messy Mar- cigarettes through the strong rec- ag compared to a scant 42 allowed tin, Pi KA captain. omniendation of-Dean Matthews. At by the Riveters. ( Rules And Regulations? 6 o’clock every moaming the gills Quarterback Farris f
Referee Cole will thereupon set practice their unique punt formaforth the exacting and stringent tions and throw their 4ootball( ?)
With. Tom, Farris, peppy s;iig^|aY caller of the Badgers ip jj
Jo.seph Osborne of - the applied the house to the the Riveter pass defense; Vfhrlp
/the least important are: no wrist- other. UI last: wppF 'WAc rii-Ktfk
mechanics department will drive ;a/ delegation from here to the meeting. Anyone who wishes to go contact him by calling 5748. p.s.
Wesley Foundation
for no one has seen a Pi KA with jor.
anything in his hands except a slide In the history of the age-^tfl^
valry betweeen the two
, . ,. . Ikst week was the hei^ jte sltippinj^, HO^iuu-ciuckinj41 «-nul no A-ppiirontly tho Pi KA.*s nro country, will bo gtvfip skirts flapping. counting on their experience in last teat. Only Marquette Starting Lineup year’s game (a,Pi Phi victory, 13-0) have been able to stop the The starting, lineup for Pi Beta to tide them over tomorrow’s game, like passes of the chubby little silk Phi and the Pi KA “Pigskin Push- for no one has seen a Pi ICA -witVi i.,,. ' -
overs” is as follows:
Pi Beta Phi Position Pi KA. rule.
... will hold a dinner Monday Hite LE Donaldson Puleeze—No Garbage! the Badgers hold a slim margiih:^ night at 6 o’clock at the Wesley Dietz LT Jones Spectators will be welcomed by eleven victories to nine for the 1 ' Foundation House in honor of Anna Stenbei-g ; LT Smith the two teams, but both houses have etei-s. Nearly every game shice ' K. Williams, local student, gnd her Carrel RT Town&end requested that the observer^ throw two teams started playing way bJ team which won first place in the Erick RE .Siener no broken .coke bottles ,oi‘ wMmy in-3:898--has bemii bitter^-^wr financial drive whil-h started at the Nigg .....Throwback ...Neate apples at the players to e.xpress throughout so the battle beginning of the year.. Bolhnan Niceback ....;.....LQomis theii-opinions. probably be noI* j '*■ j'iI If' Jii ir
Rachmaninoff Or Sleep—Or Both
k, X
^ Another of this year's excellent convoca*t!on artists, EachmaninoflT, went iniappreci-
ate<? last Sunday by a crreat maiority of the University siudonis Oh, we agiee, Rachmaninoff played to a full house But what portion of it was students'* Ceitainly faculty and townspeople predominated The critici'-m, Hut Uni\ersitv students make a pooi audiew o, has often been made admit that w( noticed five of them in the J8)W we wei f m asleep at 1 he same time, Sunday, but does the taull he entuely with the students foi that ^ They certainly didu L come to heu a yieat pianist foi the txpicss puipo e ot btnig abb to write home and say “1 lept thiouyh a Beethoven Sonata ” 1 Ik sleepei s tame loi the same reason tlu itst of tlu students taim, because they hoped to heu sonKthinp that they knew and liked True, those that slept ind tho ( that didn’t heard something iamiliai, Raclimaninoff’s own “Prelude in ( sliaip Minui ” It was the encore and even tboui>h it had b( en preceded by an eternity ot obscuie woiks, audience applauded it foi moK ban li\( minutes
Nor IS the program Sunday the first time that.an artist has been cooly received until the encore numbers. Even Gladys Swarthout and Lanny Ross sang to lethargic audiences until their encores On the other hand, when the last of the Golumbian Paik concert series was presented 111 the Music Hall with Rubinoflf as a guest aitist, the response of the audience was immediate and favorable, and that audience was composed lust as largely of young people as Sunday’s It looks to us as it it is tho selection of progiam mateiial that makes the difference between a responsive and an unresponsive audience, one that stays awake and enioys fully a piogiam and one that sleeps away a couple of houis It, when the convocation committee ailaiiged for the appearance of an artist they included some suggestions for a program that would leally be populai with the student body w( feel sLiic that it would not be ignored
A performei likes to play to a sleeping audience no moie than an instiuctoi likes to talk to a sleeping class j i a
Letter To I'he Ldilor
Editoi, PurdiK T Biitish pi01 If I li I 11 into Itip H?! wii nnd as getting u 1 I'l < n Dcfmsc of liomociuv IS a smoke '■oetn ivt v \\ ii is J ought m 1h< iixini of defense W w nl to ivi (ijjLilisni dflfiul (jiii investment donin K 1 uiojje (U Oiii Ioki^ii pi I icy IS not 101 i vti In. b on Iticnily alLiin (ii Roosevelt lb n tti i \\ I on ilc One lieai^ qi ite i 1 1 if Ihi oi the implicntions and heaven lulp u it tlie iinieali t ol viiuu motive, should be qiieklied ba\e by tluii own tom punctions and ihe kpu ot (\in1s Ihf que tions bifore us aie ]io\ it puck politic d tonsticnces ind how to Intel] let tlic obiious Li omt iitoplr Thiic IS the cuiioub addition il psjjchological piildiin il getting extienie dcmociat cL theoretical r,tiipc 1o agree in any piutnil itu lion Ih it tin mijoiily can be light Despite tiicsc pijbkni i i s tin stiitimtiit of tlu majoiity the moi ilc (cltci going tc wa to in ni constiuctivt cficil) IS good Noi is the sentiment synthetic tliough dclaccd With Geiman planes bombing 11 of Biitain Hit ler successful thioufhont ruiopt dominant in Stan dinavia poui ding it tht gaCc ol "Moscow and thi eat ening to male a Cioiinan lake of tht Caspian and Nazis busy at Dalai Capetown Inipiiivi ( il cutta, Haipl oi i D li J aiwai 1 us an f apan, Guaymas, Kuayaquil Buenos Anc aid ( ayi irn and in thmthc« —in 11k 1 ue ol all II is to diaw analogies between 1114 ci ldl7 and 19 41 to iiost glittering gtneialiLics in icgaid to piopigandi to suggest that Hitlei s subdue or bt subdutd is a 1 td time stoiy to stew academic illy ovei eitlici lapi talism or dcmoci ity oi i a il c no di tmition why all this IS verbostlj to i un fiom leality to crnlnace the Nazi hypodcimic to swoon n to Hit tiled Ic y arms of the dead Chambtilain If we aic to suivivc ioi any fiei choice in Ihe
The ^th CollllUlI
One ol Ilillei’s oolcliei wis lalkinp against the goveininent Ihe othei day in Ft ante It iiist hippcncd Hill Hie gestapo was nt 11 and oveihtaid the icmaiks and the solclici was given two and a half vtais m ]nison Ovei licit iJ you talk againsl the goveinment Ihey |usl call you a Republican llien you starve loi lotii years at a time
Iwo women po^t olliee assistants in Beilin veic entenced to piison ici ms ol 8 to 10 yeais loi swiping tig alettes tioni iniil loi soldieis al the fiont In Glim uiy whei c cig uc ttes ai c a i e al Inxin y —niodci n design makes Ihe big daHerenee
11 Willkii and 11 iliiax keep mal ing public speech os il wouldn t suipiise us to see a big eh am ot gioeeiy tines go up ill ovei tho countiy tilled II & W (II ililax and Willkit) Ihey should icilly m ike a good profit selling the slxifF that missed them
Speaking ol Load Halifax we see where he was welcomed in Cleveland with signs such as “Wake Up Paul Reveic—the Biitish aie heie ’ Eithei he cant le id 01 he didn’t take Ameritan Ilistoiy \ 106
Roosevelts Bond his pisl iicommended i i iiso (oi the natie n s J 110 000 1 nil 0 id woil ei s Woiein f ivi 1 ol I using ivciyonos pay except the mnsi ei ins Ihey iicvti woiiy about 61 cent haiieiits—rte
futiiie it IS ulteily neecbsaiy that we show the woild what i vigilant aloit and free people can do \ hen dan{ ei is irtogni/eel says Paul V McNutt J lie ]iioblem fatal to many is how close dangei must bf biloie iL is leiogrii/ed II C S
^Tke RatiO‘
ro
J he C in O s aic holding a pieliin inaiy beauty contest at Iheu house I uesel ly to deleiniiiie then eaiieii elate loi Hu Debris e elite si liom the ] If dpi el a s J he aclivi liave all e Illy ill bien loniiiialid by each othei And we thou 11 Hu K i) ] i well iiniiid
WBAA-Today
Wi liea thal Pat McLoughhii had Good moining all you Ball goci ' a laic bathdav leccntly Ihe pies Hope you read this m a huiiy o enU kept i oiling in so last even hei you can get to yon 8 o’c'ceks on ^isteis wcie kept bu y opening time We know you wouldn t think tliem Ainonp the gilt wa'=' i of cutting class—especially on Sat stuffed owl’ Wondei it theie i i urday hidden me niuig to tlu ^ f
Several eailoacL ol student pulled out light altei the dance fox Wisconsin Oi e ol thcoc eai eon tamed Gus Robinson and Wally C il lender Gu la H llo\ ed up tliat ring with 1 I III il I VI tie od week end fill
Sfanhy ‘Dimples’ Matthews i planning a iipioaiing tup home 1oi I haul sp iving Ihe mainieasori loi thi IS Hiat hi i ibcoiling tlu one and only Beitie (ole lionu en Hie ti un (haiinei is so exeitid il out it lie [List il u mild aid ill c an
What wa‘ i d yi tiidxy about our boy Doe ( ole wa ]jio)3<j.bly Hii aim of somi jcl est i to si i it thi Doc could ta) e a litHi h iii ik i il bmg Well he e jiikJ and di 1 rin Doe IS a ti lu S uH f 111 i nl i i al friend to Hi stud nfs anJ , vita) cog on tfi still 1 H in id but 1 ei ’ Dr Saitt I Milki fnei len tally il Butch in lx my nii i pep ses 1 n (1 y II 1 n e li L ii I holding till! I jihoiu booth
Ihe local ]jejJi(( )li 1 hanik d ns a warning that thi blot on the Sig nil ( hi leeoid is back iioiind thi I iinpus af am foe) youi doois aid valuable in a liuny 01 eouise W( le 11 telling to Bill Boslain— I lui 1 (lool mil lui llei ol the I G Bilioui leys W 11 biys, wiHi Hu Pall a Hang I I Hu p X I st u L to w n k on Lho c dxli loi Pioni
10 no 10 to 10 11 10 10 10 11 11 00 11 11 11 10 12 00 12 1 ) 12 M) 12 4j 1 00 1 0 1 4j 2 00 4 0 4 11 1 00 1 0 1 41 1 lO ( 00 1 ’0 ( 41 ! 00 7 11 7 0 8 00 8 ,0 8 11 0 00 0 0 0 10 10 00
Nl ws r ui 10 Man Mm ning Melodic WBAA PiosenLs The die ot Song Just Kid Mu ic Puidue News Woman Shoppei ( hailie Powell nif'ci Meet the Ban J Mulct Radio Stage 1 he Al my Speaks Pie (,ame Dope Puidue vs Wisconsin Game lea lime Tunes J itlk Miss Muth II Just Hel IX Go to ( hui rh Sunil ly ’ f ui lb Man Ne ws Dinriei Music Spoi ts Music New of the Wi ok Music Petite Musitale Pk elge to Amei le x ’ J ve ntide Eehoe s I I om Hu Pi ess Box Union JVIixei Band Music Ne ws Ol 1 IHE AIR
pWidusL £xj2omnL AIS-American 1940-^41
Entered as sicoild class mailer at the post office in I ilayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 1 1879, and at thi special rate ol poslapc provided lor in section HOI, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekh during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier lor IjilSO per year, mail subscriptions, 00
Editor in C Imt Newfl Editor Sports Lditer
bid A 0 Iiiltrip liii msK Maiiapcr Join 1 lrau(,oU Mai ae nt Edit r I hii Join son ( otd 1 ditor
Don S Powers Lcland W Kuffntr Kuth ICose
Publication Staff A Plate J iilors Editorial Staff J I Ano J K Arnr tront U I Broihy B L Itadley 1 J J i J I Kipp r Sports Staff O r I lark J D I rahtr J S Kpcl r Coed Staff Mary K J jrti Ale OhatfielJ Jai c Kamsdell
Business Staff
I UusincHj Manager lJunna Siesa Office Manager Lee
li b
Cjemre H K Saxton Accounts Manager W
I otal Advertising Managers K K e irculation Manager W f Hell
a M llarl
Juni r toed Managers Jean 1 lankenberry I rancis Lloyd
Jul Ma t r
iPhones. Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792
1,1 Editorial After 10 P M, 5377 — —-
It pr 11 tc ] f r n III n il idvertisiig by National Advertis 1 rv I I oil g I ublibhers XtepieicCutativeH 4J0 Mal I Av New Yoik N Y
it Editor A mo Editor D til lull I ec Juii or In ( barge
Staff For This Issue
Day 1 dit r H ynt ir Ktpoit
Si» rt i ditor J\* lU r
Allan oil
1) ( I
JJ w
a Hi; S vv
1 h(r P St n SltaJ Spoits
^flie mSMNSTOH MfRRY-60' I10UI%
By Drew I’enison and Robert S Alkn
Quiet Senator Truman Emerges As Foe Of Inefficiencies
(Editoi s Note The Biass Ring, good loi one ficeiiile on thi W'l'ih ington Mciiv leo Round (hi week goes to Sen llinyS rmniin who as ehnum in o( x spoci il iiive tignt III (ominittee keeps xn ili 11 eyo on (ktcrise jn oje ets ) WASIlINtxION Nov 11 1911laaily ne I Monii ly nioUain live Ilmtcil SUtis senilins will luivc in Memiihi linn mil bigm i 1 mg I nib III IS m ((III stums I hi v wilt asl why Hu govinmuni hmilil h ivi topiyfilin In tipiinn in xntonuibik tiie “iilSbl (in iil iilil m] i'til 00 I III m I loi mil‘11 ’"0 loi laiioi to eh iii.,i thi mot n ml of i II uc k 111! answeis il my will lu ivin hyollieiil it I 111 nsi n Om xn tlu (oiili leling e nip my wliu h is bud I III <■ i 1 ml Ol dll mee pl xiit m ii Ml inph s lo I (]) I ill 1 by ip ni il 11 Pi Ol Ii I ev ( unbk I lu sen llois expiel (o line ovei m uiy olhti t \li nil dm 11 y (hia„s ibout Hus ek leiise iiiojeet lluii sense ol smell Im milling siiih diseoviiies has iu en well devil oped Ihiv hive been isking em biriassing eiueslions snee Iasi spiing when Hu speei li commit lee lo inveUigale Ihe nation il ik fense piogi im was set up I loin the very stait Hu com mitlees disdotuies have been a series ol he uiline si ns il ions But one ol Hie inosi iimukabk de velopnenis ol Ihi eominillie is its ehaiimin ‘•(iialoi Uiiiy S I iiim 111 of IViissmii i Ml ill iy 1 nil bespe 11 i led i le VI1 i i (hi] 111 in 1 i hunni i i I the Imieli hi Ii ini in is i ne ol Hie last men i ( ingi c ss wh i \ e ul I I consuliie I a haul leilid pi ilei In inannci ii d iiqu ii itki lei n/ thing 1 ut Hu 11 us i le 1 Pul in Hu (mill mortlis he his bee n ( 11 1 Un le li mule nvesli iLioi 1 1 L 1 y i d II 1 i X 1 II w ly y L I I ) Pemdergasf Mm II um III < mu i H S ii i|p in 1 ) 1 111 Hie UK 11 In lan e 1 i w H Mill nil II II 111 I hv I 11 I leli I I Wi 111! In I I III I Nl I I isl lull IU I 11 n (|i I I / ill t k a I nil 111 I mi II id 111 y i I II ) Il n 1 11 ( S iial 1 11 man I i j I i H III id W xs 111 vvti I Illy IS i I I 11 m n I 1 H i 11 I 11 Pi n|l I! i I 1 I I
Duimg the six yeais of Truman’s fiist team, so iax as the man m the street was concerned theie was only one senatoi flom Missoni i—Bennett Clark Then came the conviction of Boss Pendergast? and many of his associates took to the tall timbei But not Tinman He publicly acknowledged his political debt to Pendeigast and then long friendship Ihc wise hoys wrote it down that i1 was all over fov Imman He was a courageous man, but he had cooked his goose They were wrong In one of the hottest campaigns in Missmiii histoiy, where beiy elections are an old sloiy, II liman, the Pondei gast nilaii, w is deii iveiy icelecled III 1 (till nod to the Senate as quiet and IS inconspicuous as befoie Sinii Ixnuuy he his been on his feet only lout limes, and his ic maiks could ill he punted on thiee pages ol tho Fongi ossion il Record ] aeh time lu talked about one suhjeet- S Res 71,’ the le olu lion thal aiithoii/ed his invistigat m,, coininitte This piobe has I een his passion cvei since fticiuls hiik home begin wilting him iboiit w iste in the eonstinetion ol I ot t 1 (ornid Wood it Rollo Mo From Cousity Bench To Senate Jinminwts i lilfle Inowneoim ly null e when in 19 I Boss Pen deigasi pieled him to lun loi Hie Si n ill SI at vohitd ii ily ie liiuiuisheil I V the I unou Inn Pied whose u ul longue and di V isL atiiu wii is a Si n ate II (111 It was a Huee loiiuied till wilh liimim I ittifi q iinst two ]n eminent Deinoei die k adeis Put vviHi PeiidcM asl s potent 1 lel mg 11 tun an 11 iiidiiy we 11 I hi noini II iLu n Ul I lati I Hu e li 11 ion i 111 ouglioiil Ills seven \i us in the Seiiali liiiinan has been ovoi sli ulovved bv his uilleafno Bcniu II ( I u ! I lu son ol a nalionil ))o1ilie al k ulei a le lelv oi itoi mil Ivvo fisled light I (Ink quiekiv m lek linn ell i limit pi„( figiiii in (he ( ongi'ss Kill il ueni liiimatawas (onleid (o lel him hive Hu lime li.,hl \Vhi!i (lail hie line x hcllieoso Now Deal loe I uman quiolly su)) jKited the loosivelt Admmistia Lion 11 IS I ud him 1)1 political div Ilk nd last yi ii when he w i le e k 11 Id I lie Ll e 1 an li ip e I hi mg i 111 t isl 111 in V/1 (II Hie d It ns( n 1 i ue i„n I 1 y i I \ I pc I I 1 im in
continued to back the Bresident Clark graduated fiom anti-New Dealism to violent isolationism, but Tinman did not sweive He is exposing every dollar oi waste and othei failings of the defense ptogiam he can uncovei, but he has voted foi every defense and foreign policy bill sponsoied by the Piesident Dead Horse
Personnel llbtes
While poles apait politically, Tin man and Claik are good fiiends personally Thou fiiendship dates back to tho AEE, when on one occasion Clark played a practical joke on Truman that both now iccall with smiles Tinman was bunging his hattoiy by train into the Vosges Mountains Ariivmg at his destm ition, hi was met by Clai k a Lieutenard Colonel The supeiiot office i pointed di imatieally at a dead hoise lying neai the station platloiin and said
Companies Scheduled To Visit The Campus (On Senior’s Company List) Wabash Railroad, Decatur, 111, Nov 1*7 Wright 4.eronautical Corporation, Patterson, N J, Nov 17 and 18 Carnation Company, Milwaukee, Wis , Nov 18 Westinghouse Electric Mfg. Co, Pittsburgh, Pa, Nov 18 (January giaduates only) National Carbon Company^ Bound Biook, N J, Nov 24 Procter & Gamble^Co , Ivoiydale, Ohio, Nov 26, 26, and 27, IVfonsanto Chemical Co., St Louis, Mo, Nov 27 1 (’ Penney Co , Lafayette, Nov 28
“Captain, you heller get youi men and guns out ol luie in a huiry Ihe (ncimans are shelling lins place and you ouglil lo unload and get undei eovei as qiiu k as V OH can ” laking Clark al his wdid Truman ordeiid liis balteiy lo d(>Dain in i liurry, even t>ifebing in Jnmsill lo help with the lask Aftei Ihe balleiy had sweated 11 tntie ally lo gel oul ol Ihe ‘ /one of lilt ’ ( Ink walked ovei to I rum an and said with i grin, i hat s a line |ob liiimin Hut Ihe |oi < IS on you J b il boise w uii I killed by Ihe Ge i m iii He vv IS shot by a veleiiuan m ’
(Not on Seniois’ Company Lists) War Dept, Aircraft Radio Labolatoiy Waight Field, Dayton, Ohio, Nov 27 and 28 U S Navy, Nov 27, 28 and 29
antics Ho has a hunch that this time the joke will be on Claik Note Si,.,nificant oi the differ cnee between the two men Claik’s self penned Inogiaphy in the Con.^lessional Diieetoiy takes up nearly thioc quaitcis ol a page of fine punt Tiumin’s consists of thiee line s (Copyiight 1941, by United I eatiiio Syndicate, Inc )
11 imnn duln t think tho |oko was so liiiiny then lilit he 1 uighs iboul i( now Ho iKo 1 lughs to himsell alemt some eil (lilies sen it mill?>,(
'i,./
‘/Ty" -b' rl /V- ’ ^ V
Co-Captain
(Editor’s note: Just as the train pulled out. Tommy Melifon leaned off to tell us that the team was really inspired and that they would win 21 to 0, so on that we’re changing our prediction to 21-0.
. . . Jim Miller, left guard who is about to wind up three years of dogged and spirited play as a l^oilermaker, is one of the Riveters who well remembers last year’s 14 to 13 defeat at the hands of the Badgers and who intends doing something about avenging it this afternoon. Jim Iwill undoubtedly be forced to bear the brunt of the powerful Badger attack led by the sophomore fullback, Pat Harder, It is largely due to the fine play of he and Tommy Melton in the center of the line that the Riveter defense is the best in the Western Conference.
Important Announcement! ' KAMPyS KITCHEN SPECIAL UNTIL WEDNESDAY, NOV. 19th SPECIAL UNTIL WED.,^ NOV. 19th 8 p. m. to 11 p.m. Only ITanibiirger Sainhvioli French Fries Milk Shake (any flavor)
► Well Take . . . For the next to last time this year we carefully blindfold ourself, stuff our grimy paw into an old cardboard derby, and pick out the following winners for this afternoon’s battles of the grkjliron . . . ► Purdue vs. Wisconsin Naturally first off of the bat we come to the Boilermaker’s third conference tilt at Camp Randall Stadium. Upon the outcome of this tilt rests a possible first division berth for the winning team. The Badgers have averaged 21 points a game offensively and have had 28 points per game chalked up against them. Against this the Boilermakers have averaged 4.6 points per game and have allowed opponents an average game score of 7 points. The main question to be decided in picking this game seems to be “Which is superior, a good defense or a good offense?” Since it has been our contention that the Boilermaker offense has been hiding its light under a basket for a good part of the season, we predict that the basket will be removed today, at least three touchdowns worth, and that the scoring minded Badgerfe will have a tough time scoring twice during the sixty minutps. If the Boilermakers decide to give, Purdue 20— Wisconsin 14. ^ Northwestern vs. Notre Dame Everyone seems to think that the Fightin’ Irish are going to have a rough time of it in Dyche Stadium this afternoon. They may at that, but not as rough as the time the Wildcats will have. We saw the Wildcats beat Wisconsin 41-14 five weeks ago in a game in which they were outplayed by the Badgers a good part of the game. They can’t be that lucky all of the time. Notre Dame 21—Northwestern 7. Minnesof-a vsi Iowa Hawkeyes are still basking in the glories of two years ago when Nile Kinnick led them to a startling upset of the Golden Gophers. Hearsay has it that the Hawks are putting plenty of money on their favorites. We’d like to have some of it. Minnesota 34—^lowa 13. ^ Ohio State vs. lllinors Everyone has been waiting all this year for wily Bob Zuppke to pull his grand upset of the year. He forgot to do it against Minnesota, Michigan, Notre Dame and Iowa. We think he’ll put it off again today. Ohio State 13—Illinois 12. ^ Pittsburgh vs. Nebraska The question is, “Is Pittsburgh good or was they lucky?” We’ll take the latter answer. Nebraska 28—Pittsburgh 7. Michigan 28—Columbia 6 ► Michigan State 7—Temple 6
may. ^AMERICA’S GREATEST
mUSICAL DRUMMER'^ ; 7
Htear Him on COLUMBIA RECORDS
Complete Stock at THE FOSTER SHOP ^ 109 N. 4th St. Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
GoldenGophers Co-Captain Lead In Big Ten Race; Play Iowa With the Big Ten conference nearing the end of its season, all of the teams are trying to raise their standing at least one place. Most of the teams are very well matched and many predictions have
gone haywire.
Gophers Out In Front Minnesota seemfe to have a strangle hold on the conference championship by virtue of beating every team it has played so far, Michigan, Wisconsin and Illinois have fallen by the wayside and this wqek-end, Minnesota plays Iowa. Capt. Bruce Smith has been taken off the injured list and will be leady to pilot the Gophers in the Iowa game. Minnesota can still remember the beating it took from Iowa two years ago and the Gophers will try to wipe that off the books with a victory today. This game will be a Dad’s Day game for the Hawkeyes. They are expecting a crowd of over 40,000 rooters in Iowa City to witness the battle and the Gophers will not arrive until noon. Irish, Wildcats Meet Northwestern and Notre Dame will meet today at Dyche stadium for a battle that will make the headlines. A capacity crowd is expected to watch these two teams fight it out. Northwestern will have Otto Graham and Bill De Correvont in the game to worry the Notre Dame squad, also Erdlitz, Chambers and Clawson to strengthen the attack. Notre Dame will sponsor Murphy, Bertelli, Hargrave, Kovatch, and Juzwik to counteract the Northwestern threats. Notre Dame’s Crimmons, Riordan, Ziemba and Dove are on the injui’ed list and Evans was taken out of practice because of a bruised hip. Injuries will handicap both teams, but it ought to be a
great battle.
No Game For lU Indiana will not see action this week-end, but will meet the Boilermakers a week from today. Billy Hillenbrand, star sophomore tailback, has been ordered to take it easy so that he will be able to play against the Riveters. The Indiana squad has been drilling extensively for the game on November 22. The Buckeyes and the Illini will be hard at it today at Columbus where it will be homecoming for the Ohio Staters. Houston, Burgett and Cheroke are on the injured list though Burgett may play if he is needed badly. Paul Brown, Buckeye coach, has been drilling especially on a defense for the Illinois passing attack. A crowd of over 50,000 IS expected to be present at the game. Thirty-seven players will leave Champaign Saturday morning for Ohio State and will put in a revamped lineup to try to stop the Buckeyes. Five sophomores have been added to strengthen the
team.
Michigan travels to New York to play Columbia. This will be the second New York City appearance of a Wolveiine football team in history. As Michigan did not play last week-end, she will be near her top physical strength. Robinson, Lockard and Fraumann are still on the doubtful list, however, and will play only if Michigan gets into trouble. Wisconsin’s football squad will
& i s
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE TUBS., NOV. 18,7:00 P. M. TO THOSE WISHING Yo ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS WALTZ SLOW AND FAST ALLEN S 6th & Ferry
the same as the one that started against Michigan State. Pete Timpeiman is defiriitely out of the game, but Barry Fiench may be able to add, some support for O’Bryan at right tackle, g.m.p. Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
1 00 1 45 Z 30 3 15 4 00 4 45 1:00 1.45
4:45 1-00 1 .45 2-30 3 15 4 00 4 :45
SQUASH—TODAY Court 1 Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Kappa Sigma Pi Kappa Phi Sigma Alpha Epsilon Pi Kappa Alpha Beta Sigma Psi Court 2 Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Chi Sigma Nu Sigma Pi Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Chi Court 3 Theta Tau Triangle Delta Tau Delta Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Sigma
How Long Will Your Suit Have to Last? I If clothes get scarce as many everyday necessities are, you may have to make your clothes do a little longer. You can add life to your clothes by having them Crown Cleaned regularly.
. . . Tommy Melton, who teams with Miller at the guard posts <hi the Riveter football machine, will provide the Boilermaker line with a large portion of its punch this afternoon against the highly touted Wisconsin eleven. It will be the duty of these two linemen to break thronglr the Badger forward wall with enough consistency to stop one of the most widely heralded offenses in the country. Tommy is noted for his catting submarine tackles and should get a fine opportunity to use them against
Harder, Farris and the rest this afternoon.
Seven Riveters To Enter Conference Harrier Meet The Boilermaker State Champion cross country team held its final time trials before the Western Conference championship meet last night on their new cloverleaf course. The trials were run over the required four mile course, and were run a bit slower than previous trials. Coach Phillips knows what the boys can do, and there is no need of straining a muscle in time trials three days be fore the Big Ten meet. Hoosiers eailier in the season. The outcome qf the trials showed The Big Ten meet just about a newcomer, Don Kemp, alongside ends cross country activities for tte of Ed Holderman in a dead heat season, but the national meet still for first place. Ed and Don circled looms one week ahead. The nationthe course in 20:45, Woody Apple- als this year are scheduled to be ton came in second in 21:02, Darrel held at Michigan State, Monday, Roach in 21:25, Keith McLaughlin November 24. The Boilermaker in 21:44, Charlie Deusler in 21:58, squad will be entered in the naand Bob Jarvis in 22:04. These tionals regardless of the outcome seven men will represent Purdue of the conference meet here Monin the Big Ten meet Monday. f^^y. There will be no time trials Date For Meet Changed "o^t week in preparation for the Th'e Big Ten meet, originally set national meet, just plenty of exer-
for twelve o’clock today, was oise on the track,
changed to eleven o’clock Monday The team will leave Lafayette for by request of the othei conference Enst Lansing, Michigan, early next schools. To have the meet Satur- Sunday morning. They plam to day would necessitate the loss of make Albion, Indiana, by m^n, two days of school, as it is, only where Charlie Deusler’s paretita one day of vacation will be had. It have asked the team to stop^for might be added heie that the meet dinner; then diive on to East Lanwill be run Monday at eleven re- m time to take a turn aroqnd gardless of rain, snow, hail, sleet, ^he course before evening. Indiana or flood. *he defending national champion. The Boilermaker chancjes for ^'^d the results of the meet here adding the Big Ten crown to their next Monday should cast quite a already spotless season are first lislif on the way things will stand rate. Illinois and Indiana are ^he meet at Michigan State,
“doped” to give the Riveters their stiffest competition, but the Rivet-
eis don’t scare easy; Why should VJCIfflC? they, they already have copped vie- Today’s game will be broadcast tones over both the Illini and the over the following stations: WlBC, Indianapolis; . WTMJ, Milwaokee; meet the Boilermakeis today at WBAA, Purdue. Game time will be Madison. They have eased up on 1:30 p.m. CST. * * their practicing to be suie that no more injuiies hamper their attack. vUiT O 1_ « Mai Elward indicated that the IJPtt SCliXOdUxQl starting lineup would he virtually
E A N■■t>-
/1
/Is. ■
t;-
i" %S
';,Twenty-three University home htadents are in Chicago to take part in the l^ld'ibay Sphn&Prad by the Chicago ,^fej»A'';4«i8othe. Ecohoriiics Women ^-^ttfeiiie^v ^The ideal delegation, Iftiecdthpanied by Philena F. Palmer i^ ?B.nby'Fi Clar'k, of the home eco-I^S^fca'-StafF, left Thursday - after- - return tomorrow. <}5^pS ' A’oin'•universities and collii^g^’in* Indiana,’ Wisconsin, Ohio, ^^^higan;'Minnesota- and Illinois ii^'espected to attend. ®*^'lrfth’e‘s4sSibns held yesterday and tdliay an effort AVill he made to ac-^pe^iht-the home economics majors ywth’the’’positions open to them in yhe^’va'Holis business fields of home '^dbndniiesi The” program includes MtlkS’ by" outstanding home econo^'sts in ’business and inspection ^ips through firms which employ Moede dednomists. s.b.
Lsibor^Wy Group Ruction RUR will be presented again tonight at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall by the laboratory group of Playshop. The play, written by Karl Capek, is ■ different in many respects as compared with conventional productions. The setting of black drapes and columns and the symbolic lighting all go to make the play unusual. This setting was designed by S. M. Marks, faculty director, for the laboratory theater. This play is under close supervision of the faculty, but students are the workers in the production. Jo Stong is the student director, with Ruth Dray as assistant director and Dick Sidwell as manager. Others aiding in the production work are Elizabeth Kissam, properties; Jack Neuman, set building and painting, and Dick Reul in charg-e of the lighting. This play was presented Thursday but will be presented for the benefit of all those students and visitors who did not have a chance to see it befoi:e. w.s. WBAA Will feature
h Igrpltural Hall Tonight
Thriller Over WB|A “Radio Stage,” the broadcast over WBAA today at 1 p. m., will present A. Conan Doyle's mystery thriller, “The Case of the Speckled Bird.” The detective story tells of adventures encountered by Shei’lock Holmes and his assistant, Dr. Watson, as they track down a murderer. Bill Stewart will direct the cast which includes Martha Lou Stewart, Margaret Slate, Norman Merrick, Tom McCrum and Fred Conger. Sound effects will be handled by James Hobson and Harry Bellows. s.b. Professor C. A. Ellis . . . of the Civil Engineering School, is the author of a four-page illustrated article entitled “Designing Reinfoi’ced-Concrete Beams with Variable Moments of Inertia.” This article shows by simplified mathematical analysis that it is possible to detei’minc the moment necessary for design purposes where fixed-end beams are used. This article appeared in the November 6 issue of Engineering News Record,
Parker Speaks Wesley feumaiixm Ai branch Meeti^ Holds P^rty Tonight
Qf ye5%|ay
7:80 U. m, Nov. 27, ih main btillroom of the Union. . . i r-UTLEV
James W, Parker, of Detroit, Mich., spoke yesterday moi^ipg on the subject, “Attack :;on Bewildetment,” before approximately 400 students and staff members attehding a meeting of^the student branch of ASME. Rarker sa,id that an education' in engineering is the' best type for clear thinking in attacking public problems. He discussed the manner in which the layman attacked a problem and compared it with the better method of an engi-
neer.
Parker is a graduate of Cornell University, president-elect of the American -Society of Mechanical Engineers, and yice-president of the Detroit-Edison Co. After his address, he was the guest of honor at a luncheon meeting in the Chestnut room of the Union, r.e.f. Major T. E. Hienton , . . U. S. Army, on a leave of absence from the University agricultural staff, has concluded a two-day visit here and has returned to Rock Island, 111., where he is training inspectors for the armored branch of the ai'my.
Wesley Foundation will hoW a News’StahS IParty for all Methodist ireshmeh'tbh'ight £t!8 p. m. in . the easttfaculty'lounge’of the Union. !• Tournaments' will ’fee held ,with such games'as ti’Se i’omances,^ silfeouettes and dumb program for the bright. Cruests? should come prepared ,to meet the heWs boy. Refreshments will be served'after the gamesi All Methodist •fi'teshmen are urged to
attend, w.s.
Etadmt; SenateAll senators .desiring; Eettavesi'^-EVnlgii .initiation Mon^aji^ ifeov. 17,,s,t,7^p. m. jn.the Arp^ory. jPisM Xeam^tyoutB; The folipwing Wien ar^e.. asked .Report to, the pistol ratine
;so|i'v
Notices No Notices Accepted After 7:30 p. m. Ceres: All men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest to be held Saturday, Nov. 15, in Ag. Hall. Frizes awarded. Entry blanks may be obtained from Prof.'F. E. Robbins or pledges.
—BYER
POMM: The banquet will be Tuesday, Nov. is, at 6:30 p. m. Get tickets'.from .Bushnell, MacMillan, Sullivan, or Yqpkey. The price of tickets iS' 65c and the absolute deadline for their purchase is ' Saturday, Nov. 16, at noon. .—B.iJSHNBLL Pistol Team Tryquts: The following listed students are asked to report to the pi.Stal 'range of the armory Nov. 17, nt 4 p. m.: H. B. Beach, J. .Beekerich, B. E. 'Eisenhour, H. D. Crom, R. J. Eastman, J. K. Greer, D. ;B. Craciei', T.jHarrington, J. N. Heater, W- J. Heinze. E, B. Hyde. T. Jnndartiari, -W. Koester, ,R: N* .Kramer, E. W. Riedweg, D. B. Rnssel,. E. H, Schwenker, .1. H. Simpson, C. M. Williams.
-brown
keV, E. E-: Simpsbh, J. H.,':
Purdue Christian ;Poundliitioiri''''®^^t8 4 ,p.; m; and '7 p. m;! Alt ffaahfnan[.'aiiu
classhien Intat'estcd, are 'iWi/itBd
Pan-Hellenic: Meeting Monday,"Ntiv.'17,
at .4 p^jra,_ jn Rpom ^803 .^f the
Novice Pistol; Any student ^'iAhe to fire the Fifth Novice Pistol Group starting NoVejnBer; ,28''.;slhpnld eifeh UP Us spon as possible in the Supbly RUom; ’ ’ . . ' , , r ^ -r ^BRQWN " Freshman Engineers: Meet for Eh'gineering I^ecturea .op,,Saturday, Nov,. 16, at 8 a. Hi; ;by ''siih'pbiy,' 'Students . whose' 'names begin with' A-E (incl;) lectdre room in MiobaeV Golden ' Shops';'' F-Le (fuel,)’ I'Opm 25'4, EE .Bldg; (second floor lecture foom) ; Li-R:TWe1. y 'room 129, EE'Bldg. ; and S'-Z .(ipcli) roditi 201;' CE B'ldg.,(..': ,
- O' 0_KNAPP'
PIA Tea Dance: Dancing front 3-6:30 p. .ra. Saturday, Nov. 16, in the south hallrOoni ’d‘f tbs' Upiori. --BOHLKE, AetiVlties B'nreatt:'There will'ije’a'junior and, senipr stpff .meetipg Tuesday, Ndy. 18, at 'Prt. in ctlie' B.uteaP office. All'staff member's' are 'expccidd to' b'e;;present.' ; ' : •.;-^SCH(:)RNBTEIN Eta Kappa Nu Pledges:'RepdVt fdr short work ses-sion pt.l.p. .m. Saturday, Noy. 16, in 'rcautng roopt of the Electrical Engl'neermg.:giKttling.' .. —KTISKO
I'bue'hIb'hR Eh't'hbBl&siB: Maine at Muart Forensic Managers: Important nieeting of ipll tntinageia Mp.pday, November,,-117, at fo'u'r.pVim. in;,’,ihe opce; S..',,,,,i, - • '‘'o'-' mC::':- -'L^A-WhER . Newman Clpb: Debris-piotfires -of tho club .wilf ,be ta,ken at ..the breakfast Spnday ippfriip'g’ afte'r 'thelO:30 “Mass. Everybody dpme,' St. /Mary’s Auditorium.' '•,/ ■. . R'UNNION
CE 22 Students: ihe exnmin'alion to repiove, ,C dr I .grades in /CE 23 will' be given from'1-4'p-.m, Saturday,, Nov.'29, in ;R(jdin/301 of the Civil Bldg. Those/,interested please kee'me.at dnee../, ■—SONBSON ’ iii Wesley Foundation, .UnlVers/ity Rres- / byteyian. Christian, Fpunda/tidn; .apd: Roger .■WlBiama jOlub FellPVVs/:, General, basketball 'pfcaiSti/dd tb)s,.aft/ei;nqo'n 'on court’ 1 /at the FipIaHdnse from l'i36 to 2:46. Alsd/Wieeting '6t Mawkiiis, Meal, /Thdtnas, and - Blaok. after pr^^t/iee. / . —iBLACK '/’'WAA;' Pall spread will be held'Tuesday. .Npv.y 1'8. ;,at 6 ;30 ■ p. m. in WAA .Cabin. Tjclceta will be. 26 cents. ./ ' » . ■ —BLANK
/ Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. EbefShoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779. .
Special: Modern bungalow of seven ropms and apartment : gas heat, good loen-
tipn. Dial 71201.
Lost: Post slide rule in case between Physics Building and Purdue Hull. Name' in easC; Reward. Gall Uhfert, 6764. . Lost: Brown Cameo ring. Men’s east wash, Union Bldg. Reward. Wanted; All time waiter in sorority.,
■hoi)jse. BhoiU’ 8'I6!).
' Agriculture students will gather in rooms -208 and 211 of Agricultural Hall this afternoon to compete •for honors in the annuak Geres Crop Judgfing contest. f’ The contest is to be divided into twil ■ classes, freshman-sophomore junior-senior. Winners in each class .and junior-senior. Winners in each Class will have their names eni^raved on the two trophies which have been presented for that pur-' |JOse. First and second place -winnei's in each class Will be awarded a medal. All winners will be announced at the Little International tai Tuesday night at the Livestock Ravilion. Deadline for entry into the contest was yesterday afternoon at 4. 'A list will be posted in Agricultural Hall this morning stating the time of each contestant’s appear/aftce this afternoon, r.w.b. Pohert Parks . . . Union art director, has been -f(Ppointed to serve as Tippecanoe ■jeounty chairman for “National Art Week” which will be observed from Nov. 17 to 23.
“Pledge to America,” a 30-minute transcribed program featuring Franchot Tone, Lucille Manners, Conrad Thilbaut, and a lOO-voice chorus and orchestra directed by Frank /Black, will be presented tonight at 8 p. m. over WBAA. The play depicts the ■work of the American Red Cross in war relief abroad and defense work at home. It is broadeaat in connection with the present Red Cross drive, “Pledge to America.” The broadcast became famous over the major networks recently and is now being reproduced by smaller radio stations throughout the country, s.r.b.
Harry J, Lucas
... Sci '40, of Lafayette, and J. H. Winchell, For. '40, of Southport, reported to the Pilot Replacement Training Center at Kelly Field,
Texas, last Wednesday.
Pr. A. M. Irion — DENTIST — 119 Vz Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
THE
We're behind you 100%, Team! Show them the kind of stuff Boilermakers are made of.
Thanksgiving Vacation is coming soon—and right after that, Ghristnias.’ ' It’s a hig season, Mr. Merchant, no need to tell yon that. And the stndents of Purdue are going to do njost of their buying hyre, right in your stores. The thing to do, Mf*. Merchant, is tell them what y^g’ve got—let them know you’re trying to please them. You can best do Rhat by advertising in—
Peter Anderson Co. ^UTER YOU —WE COME ™ST i Alabama St. Pbone 4048
iilMi