I "
Baseball Game Chicago vs. Purdue. Go over and support the boys. See sports page for details.
Purdue
Z-186
Exponent
The Weather / Rain today; iomopr&W much cloudiness; not muctl change in temperatore,
FBIDAY
April 21, 1939
Lieber Will Play For PIA Spring Formal Tonight
PIA members and their guests will dance tonight to the music of Hal Lieber’s orchestra at the association’s annual Spring Formal, in a crisp, modernistic atmosphere, in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. - '
World’s Fair Theme
Trylon and Perisphere, theme of the New York World’s.Fair, will be the insignia of the formal. The trylon and persiphere will appear in the backdrop in blue and yrhite with programs to match. The Fair’s theme song, “Dawn of a New Day,” is to be featured by the orchestra.
Admission will be by membership card and student passport, although a limited number of tickets will be sold at the door to non-members for one dollar. Programs will be distributed at the door. Formal Dress Desired In response tO'numerous queries about dress for the affair. Bob Fowler, social chairman, stated, “While preferable dress will be white coat with black trousers, or vice versa the changing weather will make tuxedos acceptable. No member of the association will be turned away for lack of formal dress. We should, however, like the dance to be as formal as possible.” The list of chaperones who have been invited to the dance includes Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dean D. C. Stratton, Miss C. Coolidge, Miss Ruth Houghton, Mr. David Ross, Dr. and Mrs. J. E. Walters, Mrs. Ray Southworth, Judge and Mrs. W. ILynn Parkinson, Professor and Mrs. F. C. Hockema, Professor and Mrs. W. T. Miller, and Professor and Mrs. V. C. Freeman. Theta Chi Members Travel To liliaois For Convention Eight members of the local chapter of Theta Chi are attending the fraternity’s eighty-third anniversary convention in Champaign, 111., this week-end. Local men attending the convention \vhich began yesterday are John Vernon, Sam Weldy, Hugh Del Valle, John Whitson, Sam Forsell, Henry Eiglesbach, and Wallace Reen. Home E( Students... . . . majoring in institutional management entertained faculty members at a dinner last Tuesday at the Larch - Home in Lafayette. Twenty-seven people attended the dinner in honor of Miss Edith Gamble, Ruby Clark, Miss Doris Der- ' kert, and Miss Ardath Unrau. Spring flowers decorated the tables.
Big Ten Tourney Tonight Completes Year For Debaters Winding up the season’s debate program. Boilermaker speakers will compete in the annual Big Ten debate tournament at Northwestern University tonight. Debating on the question, “Resolved that the United States should cease to use public funds (including credit) to stimulate business,” Richard Springgate of Whiting, and Don Paarlberg, of Crown Point, will uphold the affirmative, while Bob Buckles, of Louisville, Ky., and Bob Sasser, of Chicago, will compose the negative team. The annual conference banquet will be held tonight, followed by a panel discussion and forum on the subject, “What type of higher education best develops a man of the twentieth century,” in which Purdue will be represented by Paarl-
berg.
Joe Cappo To Play For Gingham Gallop Tickets for the annual Gingham Gallop, to be held in the Union ballroom April 28, will go on sale next week at all sorority houses, Deac’s Book Store and the Union. Spon< sored by Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary society, the Gallop will be the last co-ed bid dance of the season. Joe Cappo and his 11piece orchestra will furnish music for the occasion, and short cotton di esses will be worn Mary Alice Learning is chairman of the dance committee, while Georgiana Pittman has charge of the tickets and sales. Publicity and orchestra are handled by Mary Cooley and Sally McKee. Plumb Accepts Position R. H. Plumb, of West Lafayette, who completed his forestry studies at the end of the first semester, has recently accepted an appointment to the Chequamegon National Forest, headquarters at the Three Lakes,
Wis.
Nation's Collegians Believe Neutrality Law Will Prove Ineffective In Emergency
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys America Ask one hundred typical American college students whether they believe the present neutrality law can keep the United States out of wa,r and less than seven will answer “yes.” An overwhelming majority of 93.3 per cent of the students of the nation shake their heads at the possible effectiveness of the law in case of war, interviewers on campuses from coast to coast have discovered in a poll conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America. The Exponent cooperates in the polls. With Congress wrangling over neutrality and the President reportedly ready to back any move to repeal the act, student opinion is in tune with general public opinion, which has given various indications that the United States should take a firm stand on the side of the democracies. The Question The question used in the survey was: “Do you believe our present neutrality law can keep us out of war?”
The answers: Yes 6 7 per cent No 93.3 per cent And with remarkable uniformity, students of almost every part o£ the country think the same way, in almost identical numbers. Most common reason given for the ineffectiveness of the neutrality act was that no law of any kind can keep the country out of a general war under the present system of international politics, mainly because of our economic interests. Said a Michigan student enrolled at Wayne University, “The act is little more than useless. We could keep out of war probably if we were to aid the countries in defeating nations which are endangering our peace.” Reflects Sentiment That opinion seems to reflect the sentiment of the majority of college men and women who in previous polls have voted this way: Sell the planes to democracies and not to dictatorships, B2.8 per cent; approve of rearmament, 71.8 per cent; build an army and navy strong enough to protect the entire Western Hemisphere, 62 per cent.
Dean Hudson ... . . . and his Florida Clubmen will play for the regular dollar mixer tomorrow night in the ballroom of the Union from 9 till 12. Hudson played a recent mixer engagement here and his glee club, with many of his other featured specialties, were received with enthusiasm by student swingsters. He has since played on the Lyric stage at Indianapolis as well as in Chicago and on other campuses. He is well known over the entire country, having played engagements in a great many well known spots. Versatile Organization In addition to his fine music, Hudson carries a complete show with his organization. Almost every member of the band has a specialty number. Attractive Frances Colwell is the featured vocalist. Hudson’s band was originally organized on the University of Florida campus. Since leaving school the band has become one of the nation’s favorites. From coast to coast his radio programs have been broadcast via the National Broadcasting Co., and on the Mutual Network. Student Art Work Will Be Exhibited An exhibit of the work which students have been doing in the Union puttering room will be open to students Saturday morning according to Bob Kany, Union vicepresident, who is in charge of the exhibit. Paintings, clay modelling, linoleum blocks, print work, charcoal sketches, pastel crayon work, water coloring, soap carving, and metal work are included in the exhibit, which is scheduled for all of next week. The puttering room, a new feature this year, has been open for two months under the direction of Bob Parks. According to present plans, a series of outdoor sketching lessons will be given late in the spring. C. Stover, G.E. Spedallst, To Speak At AIEE Meeting C. R. Stover, lighting specialist from the incandescent lamp division of General Electric Company, will speak before a joint meeting of the Central Indiana Section of AIEE and the University student branch, to be held this evening in room 254 of the Electiical Engineering Building at 8 p. m. Stover will discuss and demonstrate the recent discoveries which have been made in the Search for greater efficiehcy and effectiveness in turning electrical energy into visible light. Phi Kappa... . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: President, Jerry Grosh, Ft. Wayne; vice-president, Harry Monson, River Forest, 111.; secretary, Frank Pielsticker, Indianapolis; treasurer, Stuart Baker, Akron, 0.; house manager, Dick Jansing, Cincinnati, 0.; rush chairman, Dawes Henderson, Lafayette; social chairman, Carl Pandel, Chicago, 111.; pledge master, Ed Czark, Mt. Vernon, N.Y.
Lafayette. Indiana Flying Board To Give Student Examinations U. S. Army Flying Cadet examining board will be at the University Monday to interview and examine students interested in enrolling for the aeronautical training offered in the flying cadet branch of the service. Students interested should contact the military department, which received official advice of the definite date for the interviews yesterday. The examining board is interested primarily in interviewing applicants from the senior class. Applications from students who have not already completed two years of university work will be lefused. All applicants are requested to be prepared to furnish their birth certificates. Date Changed For 'Life's' Visit Here .Instead of appearing on the campus yesterday- as previously scheduled, Life magazine’s photographers will come to take pictures of the military band and corps either April 28 and 29 or on the Thursday and Friday of the following week. Colonel Beere announced that no definite date has been set for the photographers’ visit, but efforts are being made to have their arrival coincide with Gala Week festivities. 250 Will AHendlSth Newman Convention Reservations are being received now for the 13th annual convention of the Newman Club to be held April 28, 29, and 30 in the Memorial Union Building. Two hundred and fifty delegates from 31 colleges in Ohio, Tennessee, Kentucky, Indiana, and Michigan are expected. One special feature of the convention will be a dance, Saturday, April 29, to be held at Lincoln Lodge, presenting Harry McCrady’s band for sophisticated swing. The dates for the dance may be obtained by telephoning Parker Wynn at the Chi Omega sorority house, or Bill Reed at the Phi Kappa fraternity, giving age, height, and year in school. Arrangements for the convention have been completed by R. C. Kasser, president of <-he local Newman Club. University Will Play Host to ACS Tomorrow Indiana and Purdue sections of the American Chemical Society will hold a joint meeting here tomorrow. Members will register in the Union Building from one to three in the afternoon. The afternoon program for men will include an inspection trip of the campus, golf, and the baseball game between Chicago and Purdue. The ladies will play bridge in the Union. After dinner in the faculty lounge Dr. K. Hickman, director of Distillation Products, Inc., will speak. Following the dinner program there will be a dance in the faculty lounge. Women's Club Will Sponsor 'Mayerling' “Mayerling,” the outstanding foreign movie of 1937, will be shown in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building Thursday, April 27, at 7 p. m. The picture is being brought here under the auspices of the French group of the Purdue Women’s Club. Starring Charles Boyer and Danielle Darrieux, glamorous French actress, the picture deals with the mysterious love affair of Crown Prince Rudolph of Austria, and the Baroness Vetsera. Although the picture itself is in French, English sub-titles are provided for the benefit of the audi-
Vdl.50
No. 162
Alpha Lambda Delta Will Hold Pledging And Present Gift Alpha Lambda Delta, national scholastic honorary for freshmen girls will hold pledging Thursday, April 27, at 6:30 in rooms one and two of the Union. New this year will be a gift presented by the national organization to the senior girl, belonging to Alpha Lambda Delta, who has made the highest scholastic average during her four years in school. The senior girl receiving the gift will be announced at the pledging. According to Joyce Buimham, president, upper classmen who have been members are invited to the meeting. She announced the following list of girls as eligible to become members of Alpha Lambda Delta: Gertrude Arnold, Cornelia Caldwell, Janet Bourne, Mary Ann Carpenter, Alice Ruth Colling s, Agnes McCullock, Peggy Davis, Marybelle Halstead, Betty Morris, Virginia Sommer, Helen Stallings, Bonnie Swope, Betty Wilkinson, Opal BlaCTave, Patricia Flint, Mary Irwin, Florence Justin, Barbara Lommen, Edna Nottingham, Mary Ellen Wirt. Honorary Initiates
Nine Ne. Memters ZouaveS lo Pctfomi
At Military Drill Meet
Nine new members of Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary were initiated Tuesday night at the annual spring banquet in the reception room of the Union. Dr. V. L. Albjerg, of the history department, spoke to the group of new members, old members, and faculty on “Pub-
lic Opinion.”
The newly initiated men are W. M. Beam, R. H. Conklin, A. R. Cornell, R. M. Hettema, C. F. Hotler, H. B. LaForce, A. R. Shackleton, F W. Ulrich, and John W. Wheeler, of the Union Board of Trustees, honoiary initiate.
Senior Employment Rate Increases Despite Shaky Business Conditions, - Dr. Walters
By Bob Donahue If you ai'e one of these persons who has tried tq be oblivious to war talk and weekly crises, you may be interested in knowing that the recent crisis has had an effect on you right here at the University, indirect as it may have been. In an interview early this week with Dr. J. E. Walters we discovered that the business of employing seniors has fallen off rather rapidly these last few weeks. Walters attributes this to the effect of war scares on business and as he pointed out, business cycles naturally affect the employment of seniors. > This does not mean however, that the majority of seniors are going to be left without jobs. Walters stated that in spite of the recent drop in calls for seniors, the rate of employment is still above last year’s mark. In comparing the number of men employed by April 1 last year and the number that were employed by the same date this year, Walters admitted that there had been a 17 per cent higher this year than last,
Mikado Production Scores Hit At First Performance Audience Well Pleased With Presentation Gf All-Campus Musical Show; Four Encores Given In a setting of Japanese fans, colorful costumes, and catchy music, the 1939 Varsity Show, “The Mikado,” opened last night for a three night run. Leading roles in this Gilbert and Sullivan comic opera were sung by Martha Whitehead as Yum-Yum and Marvin Smith as Nanki-Pooh. Outstanding in their slipporting roles were Donald Pyke as the ancestor-conscious PoohBah, Jim Ashton as the charming villain Ko-Ko, and MoUie Harding as Pitti-Sing.
Modern dialogue, smooth dancing on the part of the Pony Chorus, and mention in the lines of several campus personalities all went to make the production a hit with the audience which filled Fowler Hall last night. This year’s show has more musical numbers than did the previous “Castles in the Air” or “Of Thee I Sing.” Swing style singing and dancing appeared in the number “Mi-ya Sa-ma” and in the four encores called for at last evening’s show. The story takes place in the town of Titipu where Ko-Ko, only recently released from jail, has been made Lord High Executioner and is preparing to marry Yum-Yum. Nanki-Pooh, who poses as a trombone player but is really the Mikado’s son, is also in love with YumYum. Complications Set In ' The action of the story is further complicated by the appearance of Katisha, a gruesome woman who wishes to marry Nanki-Pooh. Robert Hartley as the imposing Mikado, Arsene Summers as the pursuing Katisha, Marjorie Williamson as the friendly Peep-Bo, and Paul Worcester as Lord Pish-Tush are other competent members of the supporting cast. The Mikado, which is being produced by the musical organizations and Playshop, will be given tonight and tomorrow night beginning at 8:00. H. Kenn Carmichael and Albert P. Stewart are the faculty directors in charge.
Thirty members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves will leave next Friday, to give an exhibition at the platoon competition of the Third Regiment of the Pershing Rifles, to be held at Indiana University April 28 and 29. The Zouaves, although they are not eligible to enter the competition,’ have given an exhibition at every meeting of the Third Regiment since its formation.
shaky business conditions this was considered a substantial gain. Another important item to be observed is that the average salary being paid to new graduates is 14.9 per cent higher this year than last 7.3 per cent higher than in 1937, which was considered a good year. The average starting salary for the seniors this year is $129.79 per month, as compared to $113 in 1938 and $121 in 1937. This increase can be attributed in part, Walters said, to the fact that many oil companies, apparently unaffected by the recent “recession,” have inci'eased their wages. Up to April 1, a total of 54 companies have sent representatives to the campus as compared to 36 at the same time last year. The number of men employed by the companies varies from two to four. Highest salary paid to date fcm engineers graduating with B. S. degrees was $276.00 per month. The previous experience, however was responsible for this apparently higb starting rate. One company employed four men at $165 per month.V' I
V I
y a
i
y' 'I
v
. . . there was no danger of having someone carry off and misplace the projectors before your lecture Wednesday—as you mentioned they did at some one of your previous engagements. Check-up after convocation showed those two gargantuan pieces of equipment to be professional moving picture projectors, brought to the campus from Indianapolis, expressly for the Convocation. As President Elliott reviewed the some 2,500 student and faculty members in the audience, he was moved to comment on the ample accommodations that would be offered siich a convocation crowd one year from that night. The Music Hall, now a skeleton of or-ange-red steel, would be ready for occupancy. Certainly people will not be turned away then, as they were Wednesday from Mr, Bryan’s lecture.
Yes, President Elliott qualified the future existence of the large hall with the one point that is probably the force behind the project, ^ut it was more than the size of the crowd, Wednesday, that hinted at the school’s readiness to move into more spacious lecture quarters.
Through the use of professional equipment and operators, members of the Convocations Committee made it known that they are ready and capable of taking their programs over to the new auditorium as soon as it is finished. The two projectors and their unbroken presentation of the ten reels of Mr. Bryan’s film were a far cry from the small projector that is usually located half-way down the middle aisle on the main floor. All the usual breaks between film-changing times were eliminated.
The professional quality of the entire convocation from the introduction to the final question seemed to prove that we may be as proud of the programs we will attend in our new Music Hall as we will be of the Hall itself.—G. W. F.
Entered aa aecond eUuw matter at the poet offiee la Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Conerreas of Mara 8, 1879, and at the apeelal rate of poatase provided for In aectlon 1108, act of O^ber 8, 1917, anthoriaed Jaanary 20, 1028. Published dally except Monday dnrlnir the regular aeademie year and wedcly dnrlny the Snmmer Sralon. Delivered loeaDy by crttrler for $8.00 per year, mall anbeeription $8.80.
Editor-In-Chief.
Business Manager... PUBLICATION STAPF
H. I, Stanhaek i.R. R. Hensier
Managing Editor.
City Editor.
-L. S. Bi^n ..D. A. Bailey
Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Honston, R. E, Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. G, Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—K. Ahlf, R. Beer, K. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKelghan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, KV Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Bnslneea Manager... — Local AdvertlBlng Manager
Circulation Manager.
Sales Manager.
National Advertising ManagerAccounts Manager Art Director
M. C. Beeves .Bl. M. Antonlnl
W. F. Berg
V. Daugherty H. W. Nevln -...W. E. Smith -D. J. Henninger
Associate Editors.
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee
-Joy Johnson,
Georgeann SchlUing, BetW Wickard
SPORTS STAPF . Editor R. L. Hc^nald Associate Editors ^—J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bnilding, West L^ayette, Ind. Phone 4008, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 ' < “ SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fleldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2798
REPRESBNTKD FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 MADtsoN AVE. New York; N. Y. Chicago * Boston * Los Xhgeles - sah Francisco
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions In it, unless otherwise accredited, fure stndent opin- ' ions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official Uni- " versity viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-inTchief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Patterson Friday, April 21, 1939
Once upon a time there was a village in which rain never, never fell ... but we know you really wouldn’t be interested in the rest of the story, because a minor dethil like excessive moisture in the air certainly wouldn’t bother you, or would it? We hope it doesn’t upset the ihany goings-on planned for this week. Things are continuing to run at a rapid pace despite the absence of Spring. —H-H—
ous bits of knowledge about which we think you should know. Did you know: That the road to heaven has no wonderful parking places? That it’s an ill wind that blows a saxophone? That time is money and it is usually the zero hour ? That every man should live within his means even if he has to borrow money to do so? That the straight and narrow path has no traffic problem? That you should keep that fool girl complexion?
“Truck, truck, truckin’ all around” no only on Friday and Saturday , nights of this week-end. The members of PI A and their dates will have their annual Spring Dance in the ballroom this evening. And several formals are scheduled for tomorrow evening. Among the fraternities who have planned to hold dances are the Phi Delts, the Delta Chis, the Tau Epsilon Phis, and the Theta Taus. —H-H—
By Betty Wickard Show: “Irene and Vernon Castle” Where: New Main Theater. When: April 20-22 (held over).
Many featured movie actors are successful in their first major picture, but never seem to have the same fire and genius in subsequent movies. Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers are exceptions to that rule
Co-ed: “Do you really believe in love at first sight?” Ed: “Well it saves a lot of time.” —H-H—
Members of Kappa Alpha Theta will have their spring dance at the chapter house from 9 to 12 tomorrow night Bill Martin’s band has been scheduled to play for the sway and swing. The Alpha Xi’s have also set Saturday night as the time for their annual dance for which Chuck Coe’s band is to give the downbeat. —H-H—
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
BlAUTO PBOOUCtl
ymmi
• and.
tt
^i^SUTTO^r
ALSO "FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS'
And here are another few fam-
Famous Stage Play-
PHONE 7903 Not a Picture
Mat. Tomorrow 3 P. M. Tomorrow High! 8:30
STAGE SUCCESS OF CENTURY
TOBACCO ROAD •u/iih. JOHN BARTON
SEATS NOWI B6k Office Open Daily 11 rOO a. m. f took at Thete Prieeil NICHTs Sl.lO, 83e MAT: f 1.10, 83c, 55c (All Taxes Included)
TODAY-SATURDAY
CULVER
-EE** utaihy HlJli
^-UTiTiIOtT • HlNM HUU vitk TIW HOL orVNftLDS
waiter
* 1ACR1EM0$AN i
klARS
LAST TIMES TODAY
They Mad Him a Criminal But Now
exposes
HOW TO WIN DATES AND INFLUENCE CO-EDS —
One week before the date, take the sweater you intend to wear, toss it in a dark, dusty corner, mix well with equal parts of cigarette stubs, ashes, and dirty shoes. Let beard grow . . . take preferably a street car ... if taking a car, splatter with mud inside and out, adjust the squeaks and rattles to loudest pitch and be sure the heater won’t work.
Broadway in 1911, strains of “Over There,” and the famous “Castle Walk” lend a nostalgic air to the picture. All the main incidents in the life of the famous pair are shown,; from Vernon’s first visit to Irene’s modest home in New Rochelle, New York, to the aviator’s tragic death. A short featuring excellent juggling, and a Donald Duck Cartoon entitled “Good Scouts” are included in the program.
Just before the date, get in a good free-for-all, lose your money in a crap game, drive, up at least an hour late . . . honk horn loud and long. Arrive at destination parked as far away from door as possible, preferably in the mud. Let her take her own coat off, open her own doors . . . from there on, your life is your own.
Some girl is going to enjoy a nice sociable picnic immensely in the very near future . . . PAUL NOFFKE, knowing that Cary Hall was giving a picnic calls up a sweet little co-ed for a date . . . last night the affair was made an all Cary Hall Stag . . . just a freshman’s woe!
“You forgot to put in this partnership agreement that in case the business goes bankrupt, we split the profits.”
as is shown by their performance in their latest dancing picture.
t M
ing where in the devil that spade went to. BOB DECKARD all scratched up. ROKE BUNTING not finding his heart. DICK McGHEE looking as con--ceited and bored as ever. JANEY THOMAS looking awfully proud over the fraternity pin.
“Chimney Christmas.” ATOM—What Eve got. ELECTORATE—To fill with electricify. ION—To watch closely as “I kept my ion him.”
DID YOU SEE WHAT WE SAW? CHARLIE COLE running around with a black eye ? ELEANOR KISTLER wonder-
AND HERE’S THE .. . PI PHI’s in a stew over the coming state dance. ALPHA XI’s as fuzzy as ever. JERRY HINSHAW ... like a proud politician. DON RICE taking it like a man. CHEM STAFF all drunk from testing too much whiskey. AND JIERE’S THE SUN!
AND WHAT DID YOU THINK about the 20 legs in the Mikado dancing chorus? Everyone to his own opinion . . . Goodbye.
i.%nA
TODAY-SATURDAY
IFIHSflimiHITS
HE'S Cim OF A CITY OF SIN
— WITH — AKIM TAMIROFF
PLUS —
IWO^BAKERS BbckBamfif
#/
DAFFYNITIONS-— Don’t forget those MARS and CHIMNEY—slang expression as LAFAYETTE passes.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See ^ HIJNECK’S
WALLPAPER . PAINT 826 Main Street Phone 3841
LiAid
NOW SHOWING
UNGITItyE! Hurt- deep with emotiwl witii dweu that bnmorthe CutiM o1 thOM exeHMtimwI..
Also DONALD DUCK CARTOON
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
By Enrolling in Our NEW BEGINNERS' CLASS
TODAY, 7:30 P. M.
Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—Mr. P. M. Allen
Graduate Chalif School, New York City, President Chicago National Association of Dancing Masters.
To Experienced Dancers Enroll in Our New Advanced Class Wednesday, April 26, 7:30 P. M. Latest Dances Taught INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL
ALLEN’S
6th AND FERRY
Tailor Made
Men
ENJOY THAT TAILORED LOOK
sparrendahl
Tailor
Fowler Hotel BuildingFriday, April 21, 1939
T«E PDBDUE
Boilermaker Nine Tangles
Chicago Here Today
Boilermaker Net Team Boilermaker Iiad
Aleefs Little Gionts Today
- Hoping to erase Wednesday’s 3-1 loss, suffered at the hands of Indiana State, the Boilermaker net squad will meet the Wa- ^ bash racquet wielders this afternoon at 1 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. With the squad in much better shape because of the ex- ^ ti^ two days of training, coach Larry LaBree feels confident that his charges will come through with their initial victory of the season. i <
With virtually the same lineup that faced Indiana State, except for one of the doubles teams, the Riveters will have Fuente, Blitz, Mann, and Alexander in the singles, Hebbeler and Jackson as one pair and Alexander and Mann forming the other duet. Although only four matches were completed in Wednesday’s opener, the rival squads will attempt to finish all six this afternoon.
May Play Outside There is a slight chance that if the weather remains fair, the contests will be held out on the cement
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Smartly styled and thoroughly comfortable, this rich-looking shoe has an army of satisfiecjl wearers. One of a complete selection of fine shoes at a low price in our stock. Buy yours today.
FORTUNE
SHOES
$4.00
B & W SHOE CO
121 No. Fourth St.
Decker's
Flatter Mother with a '"young" gift.. Perfume by
LUCIEN LELONG
• "Mon Image” is a thrill just to look at in its mirror package—and even more thrilling to wear. $5.
• (Left) Famed "Indiscret” sets any woman’s heart to beating faster. Delightful fragrance in a Heavenly package. $5, $7.50 and more.
• Famed Pariiim
Impromptu by
LelonglA
LucienL^ong magn^cent perfume in a glorious crystal ilacon. $6.50,$10,$16.50.
• "Opening Night,” sparkling Cologne by Lucien Leiong, will make her feel like the
star of the performance! In the famous
long-necked ilaconr $2.
We gift wrap your gift.
Selectt' Your Mother's Day Card Now
518-20 Main St.
Decker s
Phone’ 6477
Team Meets Wayne U. Here Tomorrow
Riveter Ping Pong Team Starts Tournament Today
courts. As Wabash plays on cement courts exclusively when at home, there is very little likelihood of their objecting to the outdoor setting. Today’s game will be first time in several years that the two Indiana schools have met on the courts. According to LaBree’s only comment, “Wabash is entirely an unknown quantity. They may have something, and again they may not.”
Boilermaker track men will be severely handicapped when they meet the Wayne University squad in the first of the two outdoor meets to be held here this year, tomorrow afternoon at 1 p. m. in Ross-Ade Stadium.
Play will begin this afternoon in a table tennis tournament among the 10 members of the Purdue team. The tournament will be played on a roundrrobin basis, and will continue tonight and Saturday afternoon and evening. The winner will be presented a trophy.
Coach Hermon Phillips has been confined to his bed with a severe case of streptococcus along with the flu, which will keep him from active coaching duty for over a week. During Phillip’s absence Howard Wilkening, freshman coach, has taken over the team and will be in charge of the Wayne meet.
Following are the members of the Purdue team who will participate in this tournament: Weisman, Harris, Bower, Farr, Georgiades, Nassau, Dunham, Stahl, Darmer, and Anderson.
this week as the track has been soaked all week.
Need Outdoor Practice The second handicap facing the Boilermakers is the lack of practice due to recent rains which have kept them from getting used to the outdoor track. This lack of experience was very apparent in the Michigan State meet last week, and will probably still be quite noticeable again
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWE|,RY AT MODERATE PRICES
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at
DEWENTER’S
•S'' ♦
Something new under the sun
You don’t have to play golt to appreciate the new Arrow sports shirts, slax and pullovers. Handsome and functional in design Arrow sportswear is tailored for comfort and simplicity. Color fast, washable and Sanforized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%)— guarantees you interminable fit and complete satisfaction. Shirts and slax in a large range of complementary and contrasting colors . . . Shirts f2 up . . . Slax $3.95 up.
Crew neck knitted pullovers in twotone colors at $1 and $2.
Yours for fun under the sun with
If it hasn’t an Arrow label,
it isn’t an Arrow,
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Wargo Or Warner To Pitch As Riveters
Try For Second Big Ten Win Of Season
Off on the right foot in the pursuit of the Big Ten pennant, with one victory over Iowa, the Boilermaker baseball squad opens its home schedule today against Chicago in the first of a two-game series this week-end. Both games will be staged at Ross-Ade diamond with action starting at 2 o’clock. ' Representing the Maroons will be
20 Junior College Students To Inspect Campus Today
Twenty engineering students of North Park College, a junior college in Chicago, will spend Friday on the Purdue University campus as a part of an inspection tour.
a veteran lineup with the single exception of the pitching assignment, which has been given to a promising sophomore southpaw, Lopatka. Last year the Maroons and Riveters split their two-game senes.
Last, bpt very important, is the fact that Bodeau and Marozick will be away on inspection trips this week-end. This will weaken the Boilermakers considerably in the distance events, normally a strong spot of the team. The absence of these two veterans will leave the burden in these events on Ed Holder man, who was a double winner in the Michigan State meet.
WBAA
»THK VOICB OP RURDUB*'
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review. 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—^Your World of Vision. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Charles Powell, pianist.
Today’s Pitcher Coach Fehring’s starting pitcher is slated to be either Homer Warner or Dick Wargo. In Saturday’s contest Bob Bailey, who turned in a brilliant three-hit perfoi-mance against Iowa on Tuesday will take the mound for his second appearance in Big Ten competition. With an arm of questionable quantity, Arnold Bredewater, last year’s ace, is scheduled for a rest from a starting assignment this week-end.
As a reward for his powerful hitting in early games, Felix Mackiewicz, third baseman who batted out two singles and drew two walks in four times at bat against Iowa, has been assigned the cleanup position in today’s batting order.
Intramural Schedule
2:30-
-Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders. 2:45—^Hawaiian Troubadors. 3:00—Jefferson High School program. 3:30—^Your Town and Mine, Kokomo, Ind. 4:00—Baseball Game, Chicago vs. Purdue.
FRATERNITY BASEBALL
Today Diamond 1— Delta Chi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 2— -Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi 3— Kappa Sigma vs.^igma Chi 4— Phi Pi Phi vs. PKi'Gamma Delta. 5— Alpha Chi Rho va,Triangle. 6— Theta Xi vs Delta’ Tau Delta 7— Beta Sigma Psi vs Theta Tau 8— Kappa Delta Rho vs Sigma Alpha Mu. •l—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Nu 10—Phi Sigma Kappa vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S
QUALITY FOOD REASONABLE PRICES FRIENDLY SERVICE
^oliireen drug stores 410 Main Street
He Landed His Job
on a
Shirt Collar!
Oh Yes. He knew his “onions”. But it was really his shirt collar that landed his job.
For it just so happened that morning, that of all the boys the Big Boss interviewed, Ed’s spotless shirt collar and tie STOOD OUT from all the rest. The Big Boss liked it. Ed got the job!
American-Finished shirts stand out!
Phone 3085
American! Dependtdble Dry Cietmen
Xf %
3[ocaL (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, April 21, 1939
WAA News
Twelve girls will represent Purdue at the Indiana State Play Day which will be held on Saturday at DePauw University. Speedball will be the featured sport. The girls chosen are: Kathryn Merritt, Georgia Walker, Martha Schroder, Josephine Cook, Jean Bailey, Mary McFarland, Lucille Fudge, Eleanor Hanison. Kathryn Ade, Martha Kennedy, and Katherine Murphy. Api'il 24 is final sign-up day for the student-faculty tennis tournament. In this tournament a student and a faculty member will team together to meet other such combinations across the net. According to Mary Mather, head of tennis, girls wishing to play may ask any member of the faculty to be her partner. Baseball staits into full speed this week with preliminary practices before the tournament next week. Each co-ed must complete a minimum of two practices before she can participate in the intramural tourney, composed of ward and sorority teams. Co-eds who have invited a faculty member to be their guest partners in the tennis tourney now scheduled, may register in the Women’s Gymnasium this week. The tournament will begin as soon as all entries are registered. There will be another tournament between co-eds. Entry for this event may be made at the Women’s Gymnasium now. Any co-ed who wishes to play speedball, may attend the practices in preparation for the Play Day at DePauw this Saturday, April 22, in which speedball will be featured.
Company: The Cochrane Corportion, Philadelphia, Pa., manufacturing engineers, water conditioning steam specialties and instruments. Representative: H. E. Sibson, Vice President. Visiting Purdue: Soon. Interviewing: ME and ChE seniors. Openings In: Factory training in shop production, drafting, field service, engineering, sales. Sign up in ChE or ME office.
Company: National Theatre Supply Co., Chicago, 111. ^ Representative: A. F. Baldwin. Visiting Purdue: Soon. Desires to interview EE, ME seniors for sales engineering work. Three months training. Those interested sign up in ME or EE school office.
Company: Bendix Products Div., South Bend. Representative: W. A. Gebhardt. Visiting Purdue: Soon. To interview engineering and science seniors. An opening exists for a patent specification writer. Additional training in law is preferred in the applicant. Otherwise an exceptional student might be considered if he is willing to study law at night school.
The Bureau of Personnel, State of Indiana, 141 S. Meridian Street, Indianapolis, is announcing an examination to fill the position of student examiner. Salary, $120-$145. Work, preparation and grading of examinations, gathering of statistical data, participation in other personnel activities. Those interested, see detailed announcement in Personnel Office, Executive Building. Applications must be in Indianapolis on Saturday, April 22.
Harvey Places 2nd In ASME S^ech Contest D. C. Harvey, ME ’39, won second place in a technical speech contest held at the American Society of Mechanical Engineers Conference in the Stevens Hotel at Chicago. Students representing 16 midwestern universities competed. He received a $25 award. Nine students and two professors represented Purdue at this conference, that was held last Monday and Tuesday. The program included an inspection trip through the great Hawthorne plant of the Western Electric Company, and two technical sessions. Monday evening L. B. Gayton, city engineer of Chicago, delivered the principal address at the banquet, which was the highlight of the convention. Carl Kintz Reinstated Carl Kintz, ’35, who was forced by ill health to retire from active service some time ago has been reinstated by the United States Forest Service and is now stationed on the Gardner Forest in Missouri with headquarters 'at Rolla, Mo.
ClassHied Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
Five colleges, Indiana University, Butler University, DePauw University, Ball State Teachers’ College, and Indiana State Teachers’ College have already registered for the dance symposium which will be held here, Saturday April 29. Other colleges aie expected to register befoie that time.
Personnel Notes
Company: Sunbeam Electric Mfg. Company, Evansville, manufacturers of household electric refrigerators. Representatives: Ellis A. Carson, assistant to Vice President, and Mr, Funke of the engineering department Visiting Purdue: Monday, April 24. Interviewing: ChE, EE, and ME seniors. , Openings in: Engineering and production departments. Sign up in main office of your school. Company: The Hoover Company, North Canton, 0., manufacturers of electric sweepers. Representative: T. W. Spoeri, assistant Personnel Manager. Interested In: ME and EE’s. Openings In: Product Design. Interested men sign up in Personnel Department this week. Company: Simmons Company, of Kenosha, Wis., manufacturers of beds, springs, and mattresses. Representative: L. L. Pax'tridge, assistant to General Works Manager. Visiting Purdue: Saturday morning, April 22. Interviewing: ME seniors. Openings In: Manufacturing, engineering and production. Sign up in the ME office.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Booksforet
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
• Professional
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431 The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISIC—D.DA HAROLD J. RISK—D.DA LUTHER A. RISK—D.DA
4h and Main
Schultz Butidirw
iain PiwM 5701
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave. • Shoe Repair BOSSUHG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is eH we do, but we d» it weH. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Mairt St.
• Play Golf
Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open at— LINEE'S FIELDS Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates Golf Clubs Repaired
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
owey'6 am
lamoa^
Enhance her beauty by presenting her with just the right kind of a corsage. There are flowers for every type — sophisticate, demure or junaesque.
QlaJiIc Qd.
Phone 5432
527 Main
MEMBERSHIP—And admission tickets, cards, printed stationery, programs, ballots, office and social forms, etc. Kane’s Print Shop. Phone 6206. 401 S. 29th St. WALL WASHING—Paper hanging, interior and exterior painting. Phone 66574.
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in G. B. 2 report at 8 a. m. Saturday, Api'il 22, as follows: A-E, room 129, Electrical Engineering Building; F-K, lecture room, Civil Building; L-R, lecture room, Michael Golden Shops; S-Z, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
WAA Tennis: Please sign up for intra-^ mural, class, and student-faculty tenniS tournaments in the Women’s Gym, by Mon- f day, April 24. —MATHER.
VIOLIN and PIANO lessons by Paul McDowell, graduate Indiana State School for Blind. Student violin, American Conservatory of Music in Chicago. Awarded first prize, Maurice B. Sax Amateur Hour. 10 S. 26th. Ph. 26643.
Rifle Club: Important last meeting for election of officers Wednesday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m. in the Fleldhouse. —SMITH.
Agriculturist Staff: Meeting of all members of the new editorial staff including departmental editors, editorial assistants, and v assistant editors in the Agriculturist office at 7 :30 p. m., Friday, April 21. —BURBRINK.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
PIA Members: All who wish to work on important job ih office, report this afternoon, April 21, at 3 p. m. —FOWLER.
Bridge Tournament: Tournament will be next Wednesday, April 26, not today. Y —WILLIAMSON.
PAPER cleaning, wall washing, painting. Phone 71864 or 46922.
LOST AND FOUND ELGIN WATCH and books misplaced at Forge Shop. No questions asked. Reward $10.00. Phone 61674. ,
WAA: Members wishing to go on dunes trip'Saturday, April 29 and Sunday, April 30 sign up on the WAA bulletin board before Saturday noon, April 22. —WARD.
Notices
PIA Members: All'members who received questionnaires are asked to return them promptly to the Activities Bureau box at the west desk of the Union. (4-22) —LUTZ.
Wesley Foundation: Students who do not attend the banquet Friday, April 21, are invited to come fiee for the program at 7 o’clock. V —MoF ADDER
Trapshooters; Will all those Interested in trapshooting please get in touch with me as soon as possible at 4031. (4-21) —COOPER. Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds will not be played until Wednesday, April 26. It is necessary for all who played in the tournament last week to play again ( in the second round to qualify for the semifinals. —BO]^. Surveying: Examination for removal- of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room v 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Sat- ' urday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April 22, in room 102, CE Building. —LOMMEL.
Dolphin Club: Important meeting 'Tuesday, April 26, at 7:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. All members please be present. “—CARR.
WAA Baseball: The last practice is today, April 21, at 4 p. m. Two practices are necessary for intramural or class teams. —COOK.
BRICK ICE CREAM
29t
We will cul fhem and sell
you a pint at 15c
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
Union Sophomores: My committee meet in the Union office today, April 21, at 4
-KANY.
Fencing Club: All girls interested in organizing a fencing club meet in the Women’s Gym Tuesday, April 25, at 4 p. m. —STICKLER.
Plying Cadet Applicants: The Air Corps Board will be heie for physical examinations on Monday, April 24, for all applicants for Plying Cadets. The board will not he here at any later date this year —MORSE.
VAUGHAN'S LAWN GRASS VIGORO FOR YOUR LAWNS LAWN ROLLER FOR RENT EDGERTON HARDWARE Phone 4354 We Deliver
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersboff, 606 Main streeL
A MESSAGE To Purdue Students
WEAR ’THE NEW THINGS BY THESE FAMOUS MAKERS
Hart, Schaffner & Marx Clothes Palm Beach Clothes Jayson Shirts Interwoven Socks Beau Brummell Neckwear Seven Seas Slack and Shirt Ensembles Lee Hots Arrow Shirts B. V. D. Products Hickok Products Catalina Swim Trunks AUen-A-Products Rugby Sportswear
500 MAIN ST. W CLOTHES SHOP INC.
if