I
P u r 4 u e E X p o n e XI t
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, November 5, 1937
NUMBER 46
Don Cossack Chorus Will 1957 Military Bail Leaders Military Ball To Open
Formal Social Season Purdue’s winter formal social season will open tonight when ROTC cadet officers sponsor their annual Military Ball. Blue and gold backdrop and bandstand decorations neared completion last night as all was made ready for the semester’s fore-
most social event.
Joe Sanders, er,” of Chica will bring his
Present Concert Monday Conducted by tiny but dynamic Serge J^roff, the world famous Don Cossack Chorus will present a concert in Memorial Gymnasium next Monday, November 8, at 8 p. m. This convocation concert at the University is part of the itinerary of the chorus’ eighth American tour, which will extend from Maine
to California.
Divided into three parts, their program features first church music by Gretchaninoff, Tchaikowsky, and others, the next groups being devoted to the beautiful an^ haunting folk melodies of Russia—songs of the Ukraine, of the Don, and of the monotonous wastes of Siberia. Featured on the program will be a Don Cossack interpretation of the Volga
Boat Song.
Organized in 1923, the Don Cossack Chorus of 36 voices have sung in every important country in the world. Upon completion of their American tour this year of 102 concerts, they will have established an all time record of having given upwards of 3,600 concerts in the 14 years of their existence.
Journalistic Group
-Two senior and five junior campus journalists .were chosen as pledges last night by Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic organization, according to an announcement by the group’s president, Hugh Forster. The senior pledges are Donald Bgals of Fort Wayne, editor of the Engineer and a student in the school of mechanical engineering, and Charles Ehingeif of ^Decatur, Debris editor and an electrical engineering student. Also chosen were the five junior associate editors of the Exponent Donald Bailey of West Lafayette, school of science; Lowell Hardin of Knightstown, school of agriculture; Charles Schroeder of St. Louis, Mo., chemical engineering; Harris Stanback of Owensboro, Ky., electrical engineering; and Donald Vance of Noblesville, school of mech&nical engineering, Pi-esident Forster said announcement would be made soon of week ly and monthly prices to be given by Sigma Delta Chi to students writing excellent articles for publication. ' Safety Edutafion Stressed At Close Of Parents Institute Safety education was stressed by Miss Julia Landers, of Indianapolis, co-ordinator for the bureau of accident prevention, Indianapolis department of public safety, in her address at the closing session of the Parents Institute yesterday morn ing. Emphasizing the observance of the new state driving rules, Miss Landers stated that drivers figuring in most accidents are between the ages of 30 and 49, and the next highest group was those between 20 and 29. She also discussed the new accident reporting system that went into effect in this state on July 1. Dr. Harriet O’Shea, of the department of education, spoke on “Books of Interest to Parents.” Nineteen counties from all sections of the state were represented at the conference. Kappa Delta Pi, Education Honorary, Piedges Six W. R. Byrd, president of the Kap' pa Delta Pi, educational honorary last night announced the following pledges: Anna Clawson, Otterbein Mary Davis, Mitchell; Helen Denny Brownstown; Margaret!Jenkins, W Lafayette; Rpth Reeder, Clinton and Harriet Yoder, Goshen.
Brigade Commander W. C. Musham, cadet colonel in the University corps, and Peggy.O’Brien, of Rosary College, River Forest, 111., pictured above, will lead the Grhnd March at the annual Military Ball tonight. , Brigade Executive R. O. Wickersham, also a cadet colonel, and his wife, who are shown at the left and right, will present the Ball to Mushaitn and Miss 0’Br|^n. The presentation will take place between the third and fourth dances; approximately at 10:30 tonight. Following the presentation, members of the Ball committee will form an arch of sabers through which the Grand March will pass. Only officers in uniform will take part in the Gfand March.
Union To Sponsor Sorority, Fraternity Skit Programs . Sunday Afternoons At 5:15 Reviving last year’s Sunday afternoon cafeteria skit programs, the Student Union plans to sponsor fraternity and sorority entertainments in the Union ballroom each'‘Sunday afternoon at 5:16. This year the programs will be staged in the ballroom to avoid the congestion in the cafeteria that they caused last year. One program in the series has already been presented. This Sunday Alpha Phi Omega, national boy scout honorary fraternity, will give the skit. Their program has not been announced, but it will include moving pictures of the Boy Scout Jamboree taken last summer in Washington, D. C. During the first semester only honorary and activity groups will present programs; in the second semester social fraternities and sororities will have their chance. The prizes will be awarded at the end of the year in both classes for the
ment.
Conduct Examinations For Farm Managers Officers of the American Society of Farm Managers and Rural Appraisers are on the campus today conducting examinations for accrediting fai’m managers and rural appraisers from Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio. The examining committee includes R. R. Hudelson, assistant dean of agriculture at the University of Illinois, T. D. Morse, chairman of the Doan Agricultux-al Service, and E. E. McAnelly, of the Aetna Life Insurance Co., of Bloom-
ington. ' ^
Local arangements were under the supervision of Dr. E. C. Young of the University’s farm management department, who also advised the committee concerning the conduct of the examinations. These tests are the result of a movement recently launched by the society to place farm management on a professional plane; they are the first to be held in Indiana, and the third
in the United States.
WSGA Allows All Co-eds 2 O'dock Hours For Tonight All University women, whether they attend Military Ball or not, will be permitted to observe 2 o’clock hours tonight, according to a motion carried by the WSGA Executive Board Wednesday evening.
McBee Stung When Co~eds Break In On His Organic Class By the Raving Reporter Dr. E. T. McBee, in his Wednesday organic 11 o’clock lecture, thought the women in the class had ganged up on him. About 20 girls tramped in just after he began his lecture. The boys cheered, whistled, McBee smiled, began again. A few more of the feminine contingent wandered in, self consciously trying ing to look nochalant. The class cheered again. Professor McBee cleared his throat and ti’ied again. When another large group walked in, he himself started clapping. The lecture was again taken up. G. K. Foresman, lecture assistani?, came in with some papers to return. The class cheered, booed. Professor McBee, since he discovered the many tardinesses were caused by a prolonged Home Ec foods inspection
tour, forgives all.
Delta Rho Kappa, National Sci. Honorary, Pledges 12 Catherine Ann Cromer, president of Delta Rho Kappg, national (science honorary, has announced the pledging of six men and six women
to the organization.
Those named are Jary Cleveland, Lafayette; Virginia Kungel, Lafayette; Mary Learning, Valparaiso; Sally McKee, W. Lafayette; Kathryn Merritt, W. Lafayette; Martha Wood, W. Lafayette; P. E. Brumfield, Flora; Bill Feldman, Long Island, N. Y.; ,C. L. Grannon, Lafayette; R. N. Houskeeper, Qai'y; Ralston Hannas, Western Springs, 111.; and Bill Shipley, Lafayette.
Faculty Members Will Attend College Meet Deans J. H. Skinner of the school of agriculture, A. A. Potter of engineering, Mary L. Mathews of home economics, V. C. Freeman of agriculture; and Professor J. H. Reed, assistant director of the agriculture experiment station will attend a meeting of Land Grant College representatives in Washington, D. C., November 15, 16, and 17. Land grant colleges had their beginning in 1862 when Abi'aham Lincoln attached his signature to the Morrill Act vihich provided each state with a tract of land for the purpose of establishing a college for the advancement of agriculture and mechanical arts. Union Will Present Campus Varieties, Formerly Varsity Show Tonight In Ballroom Under the new title of Cdmpus Varieties, the Student Union’s Varsity Show will be viewed tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom between 7 and 7:30 p. m. by a crowd anticipated by IJnipn officials to exceed fhe usual audie:pce of 600 spect:ators. ' © An all new show with script by Robert McCaffrey, skits, and modern syving tunes by Pat Clinton and the» boys, will greet those who attend. Ann Sims, senior home, economics vocalist, makes her first appearance on tonight’s progrtim. Dave Thompson of Pontiac Varsity Show fame, will act in the capacity of master of ceremonies.
Prof. Ruth Schooler Will Preside At Home Ec Meeting A conference of all home econom ics teachers of Clinton, Carroll, Tip pecanoe and White counties will be held tomorrow, in Frankfort, with Professor Ruth Schooler of the University division of education and applied psychology, presiding. Professor Muriel G. McFarland of Purdue will be the principal speaker of the day. Miss Agnes Watson; state super-, visor of home economics education, instituted the series of conferences and has chosen a study of the present curriculum in home economics and evaluation of results as chief topic.
the old left^and-
of Chicago’s Blackhawk fame,
little ducky-wuckies”
and his vocalist Jane Kaye to the Men^rial Union ballroom tonight from 9 till 1 o’clock for the Ball. Sanders is famous for several unique song compositions—such as I’ll Never Forget I Love You,” “I Found a Rose in the Snow,” “Hollywood at Vine,” and “Nighty Night.” One of the few band leaders who never use a baton, Sanders developed a special telephone-like microphone in order that he might handle his vocal choruses and piano play-
ing.
Annual Horticultural Show Opens Today Purdue’s seventeenth aimual Horticultural Show will open today at 1 p. m. in the Horticultural Building to continue through Sunday, November 7 at 5 p. m. This year’s displays will incorporate the twen-ty-second annual apple show, the seventeenth annual vegetable show and the twenty-third annual flower show. Of special interest to University students are the freshmen, sophomore, and junior floriculture exhibits. Various special exhibits to be found in the Horticultural Building include the story of labels in canned fruit, ways of detecting mice injury to trees and methods of control, and exhibits of uncommon vegetables.
'Plenty Of Directories Left' “Are there still student directories available?” asked an Exponent reporter last night. “Plenty of them left, if you’ll hurry up and get them!” replied Professor R. B. Stone, Registrar of the University, member of the staff of the mathematics department, secretary of the University Executive Comftiittee, chairman of the Committee on Entrance Requirements, secretary ex officio of the Graduate Council Committee, member of the Orientation of Entering Students Committee;, nfember of the Summer Session committee, and chairman of'the Registration Committee. “Will you tell us the number yet undistributed ProfepSor Stone?” “It doesn’t matter.’! ^ “But we think it would be interesting to the students.” “That’s just office business. I dislike to have office business discussed in the paper. It is never discussed fairly. Whatever I say will be misquoted. That has ipvariably been my exp^ience,” asserted Registrar and Committeeman Stone. ' A few minutes later University Editor, Professor R. tY. Babcock was/. contacted. He stated that 6,500 student directories had been^ printed. He also inferred that directories for all faculty members all University offices, all activity offices, all fraternities and sororities, and the Res^ence Halls must come from this nuhiber. Unofficial reports Tuesday night showed that 1,125 directories had been distributed to students, and that there were then 2,500 left.
Horticulture Department Claims Exclusive Retreat
By J. W. Imel Students of the horticultural department are holding out. What are they holding out, and why ? ATicrinOAVC fVioty* a the physical eds have their parking lot back of the stadium, and the ags have the whole darn countryside. But '\^hat about the other schools ? The engineers, physical eds, and ags gladly share their moonlit spots with the rest of the school. But the hort eds, no—a thousand times no. Ah, A Sunken Garden Hidden away among the hort department’s flower beds and just south of their greenhouses lies a beautiful, sunken garden. The garden level is about two feet below that of the surrounding gruond The garden is carpeted with a nearly perfect blue grass sod. At the corners and entrances of the garden stand formal groupings of ever|:reens. At the southwest and west borders of the garden several trees rise to lend an interesting study in light and shadow in the afternoon’s sun as well as under midnight’s, moon.
Only one obvious evidence of man’s handiwork is present in the garden. The man made structure is a rustic wooden bench built to encircle a tree standing on the south side of the garden. How did I discover this garden? Purely by accident; no hort student told me. On one of the hot evenings this fall I was strolling around the campus when I came upon this hidden place. Moonlight, Shadows—A Blonde Now to get at the real crux of the ipatter. The hort eds have known of this garden ever since its construction. They know of the beautiful moonlight and shadow effect, the appearance of the evergreens as though standing sentinel duty and the garden’s aura of romance. They know the effect of the moonlight coming through the trees while siting on the bench with some fair damsel. By moonlight the garden •fairly reeks romance. But have the hort eds said a word? No! They continue their secret ways of moonlit strolls and fraternity pin putting out, all on ttje campus, in Purdue’s formal, sunken g^arden.
Davis Eleded President Of Fraternity Advisors Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, was recently ^cted president of the fraternity advisors association, succeeding As•^ sistant Dean Vern Fi'eeman. V Other officei’s that were elected at the meeting, which was held at the Phi Delta Theta house November 3, included: C. W. Messersmith, vice-president; and F. L. Willis, secretary.
Dr. Harding Returns From Indiana Eiedrk Meeting Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of Electrical Engineering, returned yesterday from French Lick whei’e he addressed the annual convention of the Indiana Electric Association. Last week he attended a meeting of the Board of Directors of the AIEE in New York City, at which meeting he was appointed as a representative of the A|EE on the American Engineering Ubuncil.Ifff”
Hi
rnmmm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 5, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1669
Bditoriel Phone 60S7 Cunpue Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone .6038 Mail Subscriptions $8.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R. P. Manion
Editorial SUfl
MANAGING EDITOR..
...J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Bai^in, C. D. Sehroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR. Elisabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS .Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee.
BUSINESS MANAGER ...... D. C. Miller Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER... J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff local advertising manager.... R. R. Hensler National Advertisinar Staff NATIONAL advertising MANAGER., W. J. Gillilan Gircnlation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER ........M. C. Reeves Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR.. R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS........J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
NIGHT EDITOR... Bailey November 5, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR. Kroeplin
We’re No Angels” (The Daily Iowan) We believe it’s time to start explaining the University of Iowa. We believe there are people in the state who might be misled by those newspapers which have published sensational “news” stories about the campus. These, along with feature articles by transient reporters, have given many Iowa parents a one-sided and entirely erroneous conception of our university. ^ The liquor-drinking, cigaret-smoking, rahrah boy of F. Scott Fitzgerald disappeared with the begining of the depression. The co-ed, too, has changed. Today many students are actually coming to the university for an education. Iowa City is probably no more nor no less moral than other cities of its size. There is some drinking, but what Iowa town of 20,000 population can boast that it is bone-dry ? As a matter of record, no legitimate drinking is possible for university students. The only legal liquor must be bought at a state liquor store and the state law provides that all such liquor must be consumed “at home.” Add to this the fact that a university rul-
ing prohibits drinking in any house which has university approval, whether it be a fraternity, sorority, dormitory or private rooming house. Now, lest we be misunderstood, there is drinking among the student body. But we challenge any organization in the world to assemble 6,000 young men and women and get by without liquor. It can’t be done. University regulations are such, however, that the consumption of liquor among the student body is reduced. There are a dozen other favorable comments that might be added about the university and its students. More than 50 per cent of us work at least a part of our way through school. A few of us work 10 and even 15 and 16 hour days six and seven''days weekly. A surprising number of us support the city’s religious organizations, as well as those on the campus. Iowa City churches are filled on most Sundays, and the student attendance is always conspicuous. We—^but, why go on? We want it understood that “we’re no angels.” Neither, however, are we decadent libertines. We are human beings and would like to be treated as such.
Letters to the Editor
Editors Note: Here’s a letter from one of our lady readers in Milwaukee, Wis. She prefers to remain anonymous. On To Wisconsin With The Band Dear Mr. Editor: I was present at the NorthwesternrPurdue game at Evanston on October 16, and, aside from the fact that our team lost, it was a good game and our boys did good work. However there was another creditable organization present on that occasion — one which received a great deal of attention and won the applause and admiration of all the spectators—the Purdue Band. We have always boasted of a splendid musical group of this kind, but it seems to me that this year’s band is, by far, the best in the country. On November 13, Purdue plays Wisconsin at Madison. I have been looking forward with a great deal of eagerness to that game and particularly to the appearance of our band on that occasion. Wisconsin students, alumni, and boosters in general are very proud of their musical organization and in their own opinion it is superior to any other university band. So it was with a feeling of considerable regret that I and some of the Purdue Alumni learned that it was somewhat doubtful whether the Purdue Band will
ARC
Today — Saturday mmfKwes “ 0
and LESLIE FENTON in “HOUSE OF SECRETS” also “Robinson Crusoe” Serial plus “Major Bowes on Parade” Sunday and Monday “LOVE IS NEWS”
“CRIMINAL LAWYER”
accompany the team on its trip to Madison. It seems to me that a special effort should be made to have the band present on this particular occasion. The military appearance of the band, the ease .with which it plays and maneuvers on the field, the tout ensemble, as it were, with Purdue’s “grand old man” efficiently leading—Ah, there’s a band to be proud of indeed! I have seen both of these university bands on different occasions. I admit, one does respond to “On Wisconsin”—but there’s nothing so thrilling or inspiring to the alumni fans, yes, and the team, than the stirring strains of “Hail To Old Purdue” at anytime, but especially wh^n played by our “All-American Band.” The Purdue supporters who reside in Wisconsin hope that the powers arrange for “Spots” and his boys to be on duty at the Wisconsin game November 13, inspring on to victory the team of old Purdue. In that event Purdue would not only show what a real team we have, but also what a college military band should be. A Purdue Booster.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Today — Saturday TWO BIG FEATURES
with Gertrude Michael Lee Bowman Sandra Storme Larry Crahbe Robert Cummings " —PLUS-^ rHEiR TIME IS LOVE TIME!
with mw '^W ^ RONALD REAGAN*JUNE TRAVIS Iddi* Atutt • B«n W«ld*n • Robert Barral
—TODAY— Horticulture Show: Horticulture Building. Cosmopolitan Club: Room C of the Union. PIA Rehearsal: Tower room of the Union. Military Ball Committee Dinner: Faculty lounge of the Union. Military Ball: Ballroom of the Union. —TOMORROW— Horticulture Show: Horticulture Building. YWCA Business Girls’ Club Meeting: Faculty lounge of the Union. Mixer: Ballroom of the Union. Delta Upsilon Dance: Chapter house Phi Gamma Delta Dance: Chapter house.
What Are Ya Gonna Do?— Our Prexy says, “No Smoking” The Students say, “He’s joking” Now isn’t that Provoking But what are ya gonna do? He might have made Evictions, But chose to make Restrictions, We still show poor Depictions So What are ya gonna ’do? “No smoking”-s a Tradition But we with lack Of vision Want too darn much Revision. Now . . . what’s left to do? Suppose he says, “No Smoking” And warns he isn’t loking. Would that be quite Provoking? YOU GUESS . . . —Ray Burger. Slanguage addition: INDIAN ... Military student who scalps a ball ticket. NOT BLUE ... BLOOEY They tell me Bull “Punjab” Clark, DU giant, has fallen in love like a little high school boy. He gets up early in the morn, shaves, powders, and combs his hair . . . things he never did until now . . . and the girl is Alice Newton, Theta freshman. What makes “Punjab” mad is the freshmen’s spicy vei’sion of “Sweet ALICE Blue Gown.” He paddles anyone ^or utteidng the first note. INSPECTION TRIP BLUES Toothbrush And grip, Inspection trip. Women And Wine Havin’ good time. Watchin’, Lookin! Gettin’ took in. Girl Back home. All alone? H—1 no, that’s the trouble! Speaking of inspection trips, the mechanicals who are going to Detroit for theirs, are bemoaning the fact that their train leaves shortly
tarn
SATURDAY ONLY
Direct from a week’s engagement at the Lyric Theatre, Indianapolis.
Stage Shows at 1:50—4:25 7:00—9:40
On The Screen
Bargain Matinee
COME EARLY
\yiLLIAM GARIGAN
All Seats
JUDITH BARRETT
11:30 to 1:00
DON WILSON
OA- All Seats JUI 1:00 to 5:00
in
5:00 P. M. To Closing Main Floor 40c
"BEHIND
Balcony 30c Children—All Day .....15c
the MIKE"
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Martinsdale wants a new post office, Keokuk needs a postmaster, and Lafayette simply must have three new pen points!” '
after midnight and they won’t get to kiss their gals goodbye. Now we know why we haven’t heard anything about how the Debris beauties are to be selected . . . Chuck Ehinger hasn’t got around to having dates with all the eligible girls yet. A ‘Wonder-What-Happened-Note’ .... at the Fisigh-Kappa trade dinner and the Kappa Sig-Pifi picnic. Wonder if any senior military students who contracted for more than their share of Ball tickets will be left holding the bag ...
TODAY - SATURDAY
TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
SMITH BALLEW in “WESTERN GOLD” —AND— JOHN WAYNE in ‘IDOL OF THE CROWDS”
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
The Screen’s Charming Romantics in a Gay Story of Rival Reporters —PLUS— “SEA RACKETEERS’ with WELDON HEYBURN .JEANNE MADDON Also MICKEY MOUSE
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
■ ■ • ■ ■ — Bookstores -i—
——Florist-—
SQUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
dioJth JiloAiiJ: Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Buildinr Phone 79S5--8050
“DEAC” v . Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Furniture —
Student Equipment
PROFESSIONAL
JuAJuiuM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. FAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main . Phtme 5701
Beauty Studio — EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Hardtcare —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our iM>ccialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distribaton^ 209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
HI,i
I
If ^
I'''
, ''f /
IPil
' • ^
I
Friday, fjfovember 5. 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Squad Leaves For Fordham
35 Boilermakers Make New York Trip;
Players In Shape For Fray With Rams
Mai Elward and a squad of 35 Boilermakers left yesterday afternoon at 3 o’clock from the Big Four station for New York, the scene of tomorrow's battle with the Fordham eleven. The presence of the coaching staff and several others brought the
number of the entire party up to 50. The squad will arrive at 9 o’clock
Annual Walking Race Will Be Held On November 10
The thirteenth annual All-Campus walking^ race is scheduled for Wednesday on Intramural Field. This two and one-half mile event is open to any student.
this morning. They will stay at the Rams. Tony Ippolito was hurt Westchester Country Club at Rye, slightly in practice Wednesday, but N. Y. Mai plans to give the squad is expectecjt to be in shape by tomor-
row. Tony Juska’s twisted knee is still bothering him a little, but he
Following th7grme“therq7ad will Probably play at least part of
the time tomorrow.
a short wprkojut this afternoon
Return Saturday Night
Those desiring to participate should sign-up on the blank on the bulletin board out-side the Intramural office. Only three men have signed up so far. “Chief” Clevett would like to s^e a good turn out for this event, sd all those interested should sign up at once.
put up at the Vanderbilt Hotel until
the return train leaves for home at . . A midnight Saturday. At 8:30 Sunday '5 Participaf'e In YWCA
morning the train will stop over at Niagara Falls for two and one-half hours, giving the boys a chance to
The first three men to finish will be awarded gold, silver, and bronze medals, in that order.
Recognition Service
With candles lighted from the of-
sightsee the world famous honey- ficers approximately 75 new and acmooners’ paradise. The squad is tive members of YWCA took part in due to arrive in Lafayette at 8:40 the recognition service held yesterSunday night. day afternoon. Dorothy Coan, viceThe Purdue squad is fairly free of president of the organization read injuries. Andy Grant, guard, who the purpose to the group. “The Powwas out of the Iowa game, is pro- er of a Purpose” was discussed by nounced ready to see action against Dorothy Bryant, president.
Ready For Rams
Attention.
Phcme 5023 or 3071
For safe, dependable and economical
service
YELLOW CAB
Andy Grant, 195 pound senior guard, was kept out of the Iowa game by injury, but will be in the lineup against the Fordham Rams tomorrow at the Polo Gorunds in New York City.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
fielder’s choice
. By J. S. Brown , The football squad left yesterday for one of the toughest games of its schedule . . . Any team that can tie Pittsburgh is plenty good, and Pitt is rated fifth fiationally so far this season, so it is easy to see that the Boilermakers will have to go some to get anyplace against Fordham. —^fc— All the sports sages prophecy a Purdue defeat by at least one touchdown . . . The last three years, however, the wise guys missed it . . . Both in 1934 and ’35 Fordham was selected to win and both times they lost... Last year, Purdue was given the edge, and ended up by losing, 15-0 . . . Let’s hope the mentors are wrong again this year. —^fc— Tonight is the night of nights for the local high school enthusiasts . . With Jeff and West Side all primed for the battle of the century, the respective supporters of these two teams have been at each other’s necks all week . . . One day a sign saying “Jeff-beat W. S.” graces a store window; the next day it is “West Side-beat Jeff.” . . . All you football enthusiasts who would like to see a good game better drop over to Stuart Field tonight at 7:45. —fc— We saw in yesterday’s paper a list of the cash winnings of golf pro’s this season . . . Harry Cooper from Chicago tops the list, with a total of $13,916.58. Not a bad haul for playing 78 rounds of golf ... Of course, his game average'of 71.58 strokes per round may explain it . . . . Henry Picard was second, with winnings of $9,916.58, while Ralph Guhldahl took third with a total of $8,190.91.
Walking Race All men interested in the AllCampus Walking Race please sign up for the event on the Bulletin Board in the Memorial Gymnasium. The race is scheduled for November 10.
West Side^ Jeff9 Meet On Stuart Field Tonight In High School Grid Classic
By H. W. Soderstrom
Lafayette’s two great high school football teams, West Side and Jeff, clashing tonight at 7:45 on Stewart Field stacks up to be the best football game offered to the fans of this district so far this season. Both teams will conclude their schedules with this game, and the city championship will be their goal.
Basing statistics on previous contests played this season. West Side seems to have a slight advantage. Both teams have been undefeated, untied, and unscored upon in their own conferences, and both made clean sweeps of the championships. West Side Rates Higher Although the Noi’th Central Conference is regarded as the stronger of the two leagues, the West Side charges have shown slightly better scoring ability against teams played by the two rivals. West Side defeated Crawfordsville 18-0 in the first game of the season, while Jeff was held to a tie by the same team in mid-season. Both schools defeated Logansport 20-0 on following week-ends. The fine passing attack shown by the Scarlet team this season will be matched against Jeff’s superior man-to-man power.
Seating Capacity Enlarged The seating capacity of North Stuart Field has been enlarged to 5,000, with additional standing-room
for at least another thousand people to lake care of the largest crowd of they ear. Admission price will be 35 cents. Both schools will share the proceeds of the classic as it is not considered either team’s borne game.
. Mike Layden, former Notre Dame star, will referee the fray with Homer Allen of Purdue and Gilbert Best of Hammond as umpire and head linesman.
Lehigh Coaches Plan Party For Boilermakers, Fans
The combined drawing power of the Gold and Blacks, together with Lehigh University, should be the stimulus for a well-attended “Boilermaker party” Saturday night in New York City, following their games with Fordham and New York U. respectively. Glen Harmeson, head coach at Lehigh, and his assistants, Carl Heldt, Marty Westerman and Paul Calvert, are all exPurdue grid-men and are planning a regal reception for the University team-followers.
Ads are taken in Room E of the Purdue Memorial Union on a cash basis only.
Pep-si-CoIa Root Beer Ginger Ale
Coca Cola
Orange
Grape
Lemon Soda
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
Better Barkery Products
We specialize in fine baked goods for all occasions. Serve bread and pastries at all meals. They will make your menu complete.
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L.
Flowers For The Ball
Add to the sparkle of the evening by presenting the co-ed of your choice a hiulti-color of flow-
Florist
Courtesy, Depemkfhility and Prompt Delivery LUNA THEATER BLDG. . 7955^8050^ Kv* ^ ^ -int;
inpn
'\
:
w
m
w, n
IL
^1 i
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday. November 5. 1937
Books Will Be Placed In Musk Room Soon To aid ''tudents in appieciation of mu'iic loom piograms the Student Union, stalling’ tomoiiow will displat books fiom the Bio\\‘=!ing Room 1 elating to music included on the legulai afteinoon piogiams Vice piesidents in chaige of the music 1 oom said last night that the custom Mould be continued if stu dents showed enough inteiest in the books Thet said they hoped to make the books moie useful by keeping them whcie students could pick them up and lead about musical compositions at the same time they listened to lecoidings of them
Bray, Young, Rubenkoenig Attend Dedication In Ohio Di John L Bray head of the Chemical Engineeiing school, Pi of G A Young, head of the Mechanical Engineeiing school, and Pi of Hariy Rubenkoenig, depaitment of lailway engineeiing, will attend the dedication of a new reseaich laboratory at thiC plant of the American Rolling Mills Company, Middleto’wn, 0 this morning The piogiam will continue all day, concluding with an addiess by Chailes Ketteiing, Geneial Motors leseaich diiectoi A laige numbei of Puidue graduates aie officials and employees of the Ameiican Rolling Mills Company
WB A A Programs
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Regaid foi and assistance to otheis IS one of the first points in a piogiam of good manners Dance chapeiones and guests on the campus are almost 100 per cent faculty members Many of them we have learned to know as lecturers, as deans, as piofessois, or as oiganization sponsors, yet they may never have had then attention called to us a^ individuals Remembei this when you go to gieet the chaperones at the Ball tonight “Dean Stratton, I’m Mary Zilch,” before you introduce your partner 'will help Miss Stratton locate you in her mind, she knows you as a woman student, but she can hardly know a thousand names and faces Or, “Colonel Blakely—Sir, Corporal Moore reports to present Miss Jones,” will help the commandant associate a familiar name with a familiar face without having to wor ry over avoiding direct addiess for fear of not kno’wing a name Nor does this apply only to dances The same situation arises anywhere on the campus that you are thrown with members of the faculty—in the fraternity or sorority house, during after meeting discussions or when seeking advice from a professor In any case, where there is room for doubt, inti oduce yourself
Co-Edits
On Girls and Campus Smoking A', far as campus opinion and etiquette are concerned the girls are scarcely to more advantage than they were previous to the abolition of the no smoking rule The lule allows co-eds to smoke in the same places as the men stu dents, but social etiquette requests that ladies not smoke in public ThCiC IS enough similarity between the smoking on the street and on the campus that girls like to lefrain from the habit With the strict regulation that there be no smoking in lavatories, lest looms, and locker rooms of any campus building tbe gals are liter ally pushed out-of-doors to enioy a crgarette (Incidentally, women students have been the mote flag rant vrolators of this specific rule than have the men) Representative remarks concerning girls on campus include the wishes, “I hope none of my friends smoke on the campus ’ and the out ward astonishment is expressed in, “Are you smoking’ It certainly is a different sight this year on campus ” Results of the social “thou shalt nots” and the University “thou must nots” lead the co-eds to break both rules What is the answer’
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON'T WANT TO HAVE; OR DON'T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
—TODAY— 11 00—Principles of Sociology, T K Noss 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine 12 45—Frank Triboulet, tenor 1 00—Behind the Scenes of Merchandise, by Mary Wagner 1 15—You and Your Health, Dr S J Miller 1 30—Parents Forum 1 45—Market and Weather Reports 2 00—Lafayette Grade School Pi ogiam 2 15—Magic Carpet 2 30—Highway Safety Pro gram 2 45—Melody Time 3 00—Jefferson High School Band 3 30—Conceit Review 4 00—The Story Book Hour 4 15—Twilight Melodies
SOFTBALL
Today—4 15
Diamond
1-
-H 1
v&
S 3
2-
-A-1
vs
F-3
3-
-B 1
vs
E 3
4-
-C-1
vs
D 3
5—D 1
vs
C 3
6-
-E 1
vs
B 3
7-
-F 1
vs
A 3
8-
-S 1
vs
H 3
9-
-H-2
vs
S 4
10-
-A-2
vs
F-4
11-
-B-2
vs
E-4
12-
-C-2
Vb
D-4
13-
-D 2
vs
C-4
14_E-2
VS
B-4
15-
-F 2
vs
A-4
16-
-S-2
vs
H 4
17_Ward 2X vs Cary Hall 2 Kriegbaum-Igney
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work C. F Ebershoff, 606 Main street
LEARN GERMAN—Easily from
Co-eds Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Evening Gowns refinished with the loveliness they had the day they were purchased. FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
A GREAT PURCHASE of Suits and O’Coats Brings Great Values to You
$ ^ §»65
and
$22-45
We bought them from a famous maker who needed cash. We saved 25% on the purchase. We share that saving with you. Every one is guaranteed to give 100% satisfaction. Baltimore Clothes Shop 414 East Main St.
Friedrich Wolfgang Strassmann of Dusseldorf, Germany Call 2401.
LOST—Black speckled Sheaffer fountain pen, name on side If found call 55611 Reward
students deficient in Histoiy m room 201 Armory, at 4 p m November 5 and at 4pm Novembei 8 —PICKERING
FOR RENT—One-half nice double room New desk 317 Chauncey Phone 4311
WANTED—Ticket for Military Ball Call 46213 between 11 and 1 or after 4pm
WANTED—Slide trombone, tenor sax and drum men wanted Strictly freshmen dance band If interested report tO Union tower room 4 30 p m November 5, or call 3810 after 6pm
Notices N* Notices Accepted After • |
WAA Cabin The leadership test will be given November 6 at 4 p m —SWICK Playshop Stage crew now working on flats for Hell-Bent Fer Heaven every night m the Union sub basement —BRENMAN
Mortar Board Meeting November 8 at 4 p m in loom P of the Union Please bring outline maps of tbe United States —RITCHIE
Knitting Club Contestants get your knitted garments from the check room at any time after November 4 Pauline George is the winner of the contest -AVOOD
Union Sophomores All typists report to Union office bny time after 1pm November 6 _ ^ —WOOD Union Sophomores Our committees repoi t to the .office at 4 p m November 6 —JACOBCON MASON SAMtiELSON
WAA Archery Piactice Novembei 6 at 4 p m —BOEHM
Alpha Lambda Delta New members pay dues not later than November 10 Pins are $3 60 extra Leave money at the Union desk for Janette Morris —morris
Purdue Engineer Important meeting of editorial staff including sophomores and all freshmen November 5 at 4 p m in the Engineer office __bAALS
Motorcycle Riders Sign youi name be fore November 8 on the paper..«t the main Union desk for the purpose of getting official recogr ition o%the Puidue Cycle Club —GLENN
Glider Club Open meeting in room C of the Union at 10 p m November 5 Va cancicb in membership will be filled at this time —MOORE Freshmen Basketliall Squad The follow mg men leport foi freshman basketball Monday Wednesday and Friday 3 p m to F p m All other candidates will report for trial Tuesday Thursday and Satur day Bausman Bosse Biough Bnnkeihoff Chamberlain Cramer Coplen Gilliam Hertzing Hardy Igney Minney Partridge Pauline Rechenbach Richards Reedei Rohrbough Rieth Stallings Swartz and Witsman —LAMBERT
Newman Club Meeting of the Contact Committee at 4 15 p m in room A of the Union Building on November 7 —McCONAHAY
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting in the re ception room of the Un on Building at 7 15 p m November 5 All membeis and pledges required to be present Initiation ritual CARACCIOLO
Peace Committee Meeting November 6 4 p m in room B of the Union Tickets foi Armistice Day Banquet will be distri buted All interested organizations please send lepresentatives BUCKLES Chess Players Eveiyone interested in playing competitive chess attend Chess Club 'meeti^ig November 9 in the game room of the Union BELLINGER
Senior Military A test will be given to
wmmmof.-
'*Nafural Resilience" makes Botany Ties Wrinkle-Proof . . . Ynir Botany Tie can "take It!’ The marvelous fabric of which this tie IS tailored causes it to spring back to fresh newness when hung up overnight. Never a wrinkle in a Botany Tie...yet it costs only *1 and This label guarantee!, wrinkle p-oof lervice
fTRADCMARK RES U S PAT Off
! MAKE THIS TEST... Come in and crush a handful of Botany Ties Note how they spring bock to fresh smoothness.
Dewenter's 416 Main Street
For Military Ball Special on
Large Gardenias Roses Orchids Artistic arrangement to your satisfaction — for shoulder or corsage bouquets. Order early.
Phone 6050
DoRNER’S
Main at 7th
Campus Togs Suits and Topcoats
Exclusively at ROSENTHAL'S This highly styled, superbly tailored line in a variety of choice woolens is the outstanding line of clothing for young men.
Henry Rosenthal Co.
322 Main Street
THEN HE CHANGED TO HART SCHAFFNER & MARX CLOTHES
rHERE’5 THE BLIND DATE BKajUeHT FOR You MARY
OH'-IM SORRY,, BUT MOTHER'S 11 30!^'' GO,
500 MAIN ST. ~ GCI^JS:*
/r