■' - f *
s ^
^ '
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair, continued mild today. Tonaorrow cloudy and cooler.
Purdue
Z-IM
Exponent
Vol. 50
Two Hundred Participate In 1939 Athletic Carnival In a hodge-podge of activity last night, fraternity and ward men competed in the 1939 athletic carnival. Over 200 entrants participated in a gigantic three-ring circus that saw a variety of events going on in different parts of the Fieldhouse floor at the same time.
Perhaps the biggest and most exciting event of the evening was the half-mile fraternity relay. The Sigma Alpha Mu team pulled into a lead in the third lap and continued on to win the event and the accompanying trophy. Silver Derby Event In the famous Silver Derby, trophies were awarded to each of four teams who each won a distinctly different type of event. The Sigma Chi’s rode away with the bicycle race title; the Sig Ep’s took the threb-leg race; Triangle stumbled off with the sack race; Lambda Chi won the barrel race; and Phi Kappa Psi finished first in the horseback race. Mary Lou Nourse won the only co-ed event as she walked off with the girl’s walking trophy. In team competition the Theta’s and the Alpha Xi’s tied for first with six points each. Tredwell Wins Again Gil Tredwell won his third consecutive walking crown as he finished first in the one-mile walk. John Petty was the most powerful puller at the carnival, as he proved by pulling a weighted sled over a given course in the least time. Humphrey, Ippolito, and Vergane ganged up with their fellow Theta Chi’s and won the tug-of-war, beating the Sig Ep’s in the finals. Triangle’s Fisher won the football passing contest. The Delta Chi’s had the best stunt and won the clown contest. In the track events Ed Holderman led the pack to the tape in the mile run to vdn in the fast time of 4:23. Shackleton and Fisher finished first in the two separate 440yard dash events. Boxing Show Boxers Baidow, Threlfall, Murphy, McCoy, Marson, Yankey, LaFuse, Bradley, Lyles and Rossi took the titles in their respective classes. Steve Bacharach gave an exhibition bout with winners LaFuse and Rossi. In the wrestling Fredericks, Rawlins, Lindeman, Nau, and Rossi won in their weight classes. Final results in the ward and fraternity competitions will be published in tomorrow’s Exponent. Model Plane... . . . builders will meet in room C of the Union tonight at 7 for the third meeting of their newly organized club. Officers for the remainder of the semester will be elected and club plans will be discussed.
Average Co-ed Uses Rouge Too Freely Says Pauline Crook “The biggest crime of the Purdue co-ed is that she uses too much rouge,” volunteered Miss Pauline Crook in her talk at Charm School yesterday afternoon. Miss, Crook chose at random a girl from the audience as a model and applied make-up as she lecl^ured. She stated that an essential to the use of any cosmetic is to have the face properly cleansed; this may be done by a cleansing cream, A tonic should be used to remove the wax from the pores of the face. Cosmetic advice in answer to numerous questions were: be sure to apply make-up to the hair-line; use a small amount of foundation, and spread it smoothly and well into the pores of the skin; color the line farthest away from the eyebrow in applying eye-brow pencil; eye shadow should not be used unless the subject is very pale. University Will Observe Easter “Crucifixion Meditation on the Sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer,” by Sir John Stainer has been selected for the University observance of Easter and the Lenten period, according to Dr. Laurence Hadley who is in charge of convocations for worship. The University Choir and Orchestra, under the direction of A. P. Stewaxt will present the musical piogram in Eliza Fowler Hall, on Monday and Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. George E. Osborn, a senior m the pharmacy school, will open the Easter program with a pi elude on the organ.
Chi Epsilon...
. . . civil engineering honorary, announces the pledging of G. W. Reid, Indianapolis; H. B. LaForce, Valparaiso; C. F. Hotler, Goodland; A. R. Cornell, Port Washington, N. Y.; W. M. Beam, New Castle; F. W. Ulrich, Glenview, 111.; R. M. Hettema, Angola; A. R. Shackleton, Joliet, 111.; and R. H. Conklin, Riverside, 111.
Original Debris Featured Cardboard Covers, Sold By Bookstores For $1.50
About the size of a Lafayette telephone directory, featuring a hard cardboard cover and many pictuies—these were the outstanding features of the first Debris. This first issue of the yearbook, which was published in 1889, contrasts greatly with our more recent copies of the Debris. Yet, although the appeal ance of the book has changed, a description of the typical student given in the 1889 edition sounds like a word picture of today’s aver-
age student.
John T. McCutcheon, then an undergradute, was responsible for many of the drawing in the first Debris, The editorial board for this first issue posed in front of a pompous vaudeville backdrop lending quite a theatrical air to the finished
pictuies.
Eaily Debris seemed to concentiate upon lengthy class histories, and on discussions of the Carlyle and Irving Literary groups. Greek letter talk centered mostly around the Sigma Chi and Kappa Sigma frateinities. Lawn tennis was the chief intramutal sport, and pictures
of the football team show quite
wierd sports costuimgs]
Copies of the Depris, which were sold through the local bookstores, were priced at $1.50. Much local advertising was contained throughout the book. In 1902 a photograph album foim was adopted instead of the regular magazine style book. This year’s book also featured brig'ht printed slogans as page dec-
oiations.
Another policy in which the Debris was a pioneer was the practice of having a standardized size for all college yearbooks. The Debris was the first to adopt the set size of 12x14, present dimensions of the
book.
The dedication and forword of the first Debris were written by Mr. McCutcheon. His purposes and policies are still used as the guiding plans for present issues. “The aim,” to use the words written by McCutcheon in 1889, “is to present the humorous and the vital in campus life.” It is toward the fulfillment of this ideal that yearbooks are still mapped out and published.
'Shuffle Rhythm' Band Will Play At Union Penguin Hop Eddie Camden and his “shuffle rhythm” orchestra starring Yvonne Belmont, vocalist, will furnish the musical entertainment for the “Penguin Club Formal” to be held in the Union ballroom tonight from 8:30 to 12:30. Decorated with a backdrop consisting of a mammoth penguin that is backed by a spectrum of colors, the -ballroom will be furnished with tables for 200 couples, and bright colors will prevail. Carrying out the penguin theme, the menus 'will be penguin-shaped cards, in striking black and white. This dance will be cabaret style with a presentation of two floor shows during the evening. Lischeron and Adams, popular ballroom dance team from the Edgewater Beach Hotel, and Jackson and Nedra, who have played at both the Oriental and State Lake Theaters in Chicago, will present their ballroom and tap routines. One corner of the ballroom will be devoted to the “milk bar,” an innovation around the campus, where the “bartenders” will dish out milk shakes, and sandwiches. Student Union officials announced that admittance would be granted upon presentation of receipts. The tables will be assigned at that time to those not reserving them in advance. Although nearly all tickets are gone, a limited number may be secured through Jim Richardson, vice-president in charge. Student Cooperative Group Will Show Movie Tonight “The Lord Helps Those Who Help Each Other,” a motion picture dealing with life in Nova Scotia, will be presented this, evening at 7:30 in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall under the sponsorship of the Student Cooperative Association. Admission is free to all those who are interested. The picture will include shots of the fishing, canning, mining, and retail industries, which are operated on a cooperative basis. It will also show adult education and extension work which is sponsored by St. Xanier College, and will illustrate some of the methods used to bring about cultural advancement with economic betterment. Remmers To Address Education Conference Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the University division of education and applied psychology will attend the Heidelberg College Educational Conference to be held at Tiffin, O., today and tomorrow. At the convention, Dr. Remmers will deliver two addresses, “Attitudes as Educational Objectives” and “Experimental Studies of Attitudes of High School Pupils.” Grove Patterson, editor of the Toledo Blade; Dean H. iL. Smith, of the school of education Indiana University, will also speak during the course of the meeting. Sigma Phi Epsilon... . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: R P. Witt, president; J. J. Werst, vice-president; D. K. Heiple, historian; E. M. Antonini, secretary; W. E. Smith, controller; R. M. Skallerup and J. C. Chase, marshals; G. E. Adams, guard.
Bill Martin...
FHIDAY
Mccrch 24, 1939 Lofoyeffe/ Etidicma
No. 146
Dean's Office Announces Organization Grade Points Dr. Korstian To Speak Pi Beta Phi Tops Sororities With 4.35; At Annual Foresters' Alpha Gamma Rho Leads Fraternities PIb k H m 4 T "Li Relative scholastic standings of University organizations, UlliO D9nC|ll@l lOUtHHl released through the Dean of Men’s office yesterday, show
Alpha Gamma Rho leading the fraternities with a 4.21 and trailed closely by Alpha Chi Rho whose average was 4.20. Top ranking sorority was Pi Beta Phi with a 4.35; second. Kappa Alpha\ Theta with 4.25. Fraternities and sororities can not be compared with the residence halls because they do not count freshmen’s grades, which are the lowest of all classes, whereas the latter does count their grades and over 50 per
cent of the halls’ residents are freshmen.
Dr. C. F. Korstian, dean of the Duke University forestry school and president of the Society of American Foresters, will be the principal speaker at the tenth annual Purdue Forestry Club Banquet to be held this evening in the Central Presbyterian Church. His subject will be. “Present and Future Trends in the Forestry Profession.” Korstian was recently initiated into Xi Sigma Pi, national honorary for forestry, and is now one of the three honorary members of this society in the United States. Club Presidents Invited Forestry Club presidents from Michigan, Michigan State, Ohio State, Yale University, and Harvard University have been invited to the banquet. H. A. Woods, state forester, will also attend. Invitations to attend the farewell banquet honoring the senior foresters have been sent to members of the Indiana Conservation Department and members of the local con-
servation clubs.
During the banquet, a Keuffel and Esser forester’s compass will be awarded to J. H. Nichols, senior forester, who was chosen as the outstanding senior member of the club on a personality and scholarship
basis.
Forestry Club... . . . announces the election of the following officers: J. G. Williams, Indianapolis, president; J. R. Blackwell, Terre Haute, vice-president; G. Godsey, Bloomington, secretarytreasurer.
HE Representatives Attend Convention Four student representatives and seven faculty members are attending the Indiana State Home Economics spring convention today and tomorrow at Ball State Teachers’ College, Muncie. The theme of the convention is to be emphasized by Dr. Thomas Alexander's discussion of “The School at Work in the Community.” Student delegates who are attending are Barbara Gibbs, Nina DeWitt, Catherine Cooley, and Martha Moorhead. The home economics faculty will be represented by Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss pliilena Palmer, Miss Amy L. Howe, Miss Margaret Beeman, Miss Margaret Johnson, Miss Cecelia Schuck, and Miss Amy Bloye. Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held Monday, March 27, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. “A full attendance is expected,” said President E. C. Elliott.
College Students Take Liberal Attitude Concerning Drinking
. . . and his orchestra will be in the limelight tomorrow night when they swing out with their rhythms for the Union Swing Show and mixer in the ballroom. The swing show will be from 7 until 8 p. m. and the mixer will be the regular dollar dance from 9 until midnight.
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America Austin, Texas, March 23—In expressing his attitudes on the everpresent problem of drinking, the average American college youth is quite a liberal. Briefly, results of one of the most significant studies yet conducted nationally by the STUDENT OPINION SURVEYS OF AMERICA show that: 1. Eight out of every ten are opposed to the return of prohibition. 2. Only 34.8 per cent think collegians drink too much. 3. Almost six out of every ten admit they drink. Although piohibition and drinking in general are not such newsworthy topics as when the Eighteenth Amendment was still part of the Constitution, one often hears the comment about the excessive indulgence of Joe College. Perhaps the inhabitants Of American campuses are biased about themselves, but a rather large majority of them holds that college students as a whole should not be classed with those who habitually go over the line. The country-wide poll taken for the Exponent and other member publications, points out that 65.2 per cent are of the opinion that students are moderate drinkers. Students Against Prohibition • While aware that liquor does create a social problem, a still gi-eater majority holds that a law against it is not the way out. To the question, “Do you favor the retimn of prohibition ?”— YES, said 21.6 per cent NO, said 78.4 per cent In asking, “Do you ever drink?” interviewers for the SURVEYS meant any kind of indulgence in al-
coholic beverages. The poll, of course, does not reflect the degree of drinking, but rather attempts to present the attitude of college youth on the subject and to discover actually how many do drink, or at least admit they drink. The results show that almost 60 per cent say they do. But exact figures cannot be arrived at, because in the tabulations have to be included those who may have wished to conceal what they consider their “guilt” or wanted to be boastful. Those who refuse to answer were not included* m the results. The returns also may have been influenced by local conditions,-for in order to arrive at a truly representative cross-section of all colleges and uhiversities, “wet” and “dry” areas were included. Women Drink Less Than Men Less women say they drink than do men> as is ordinarily expected, the results paralleling closely the polls taken by the American Youth Commission last year. Slightly less than half of the students in southern and west central states say they drink, the only groups reporting extent of indulgence below the 50 per cent mark. Why are colleg’ians opposed to prohibition ? A great number point to the “last unsuccessful attempt.” Others state, “People will drink any way,” “You can’t legislate against morals,” “If you drink the right stuff it won’t hurt you,” “When drinking is illegal young people will try it to be daring.” Those who would like to see the amendment come back believe it would decrease accidents, “there is a need for discipline of human beings,” “We need control, but not like the system we had the last time.”
A complete list of all fraternities sororities, honoraries, residence halls, and independent houses follows: Fraternities—Alpha Gamma Rho, 4.21; Alpha Chi Rho, 4.20; Phi Gamma Delta, 4.19; Alpha Kappa Lambda, 4.09; Delta Tau Delta and Sigma Alpha Mu, 4.03; Triangle, 4.01; Pi Kappa Phi, 4.00; Phi Kappa Psi, 3.99; Acacia, 3.96; and Phi Pi Phi, 3.94. Sigma Chi, 3.91; Phi Kappa Sigma, 3.88; Phi Delta Theta, 3.84; Delta Upsilon, 3.83; Theta Chi, 3.82; Phi Sigma Kappa, 3.80; Beta Sigma Psi, 3.79; Lambda Chi Alpha, 3.78; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 3.76; Beta ^ Theta Pi, Phi Kappa, and Tau Epsilon Pi, 3.73; Tau Kappa Epsilon, 3.71; Theta Xi and Kappa Sigma, 3.68; Delta Chi, 3.67; Phi Kappa Tau, 3.66; Sigma Phi Epsilon and Sigma Pi, 3.64; Alpha Tau Omega and Sigma Nu, 3.62; Theta Tau, 3.60; Pi Kappa Alpha, 3.54; and Kappa Delta Rho, 3.48. Sororities—Pi Beta Phi, 4.35; Kappa Alpha Theta, 4.25; Chi Omega, 4.12; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 4.10; Alpha Chi Omega, 3.84; Alpha Xi Delta, 3.83; and Phi Mu, 3.64. Honoraries—Phi Lambda Upsilon, 5.14; Tau Beta Pi, 5.11; Delta Rho Kappa, 5.00; Sigma Pi, 4.97; Alpha Lambda Delta, 4.92; Alpha Zeta, 4.90; Omicron Nu, 4.89; Mortar Board, 4.84; Pi Tau Sigma, 4.82; Eta Kappa Nu, 4.74; Chi Epsilon, 4.71; Kappa Delta Pi, 4.61; Ceres, 4.55; Kappa Psi, 4.50; Tau Kappa Alpha, 4.49; Scabbard and Blade, 4.44; Alpha Phi Omega, 4:30; Iron Key, 4.15; Catalyst, 4.10; Sigma Delta Chi, 4.09; Skull and Ci’escent, 3.98; Theta Alpha Phi, 3.95; Dolphin, 3.88; and Sigma Delta Psi, 3.67. Men’s Halls—Northwest, 4.06; North, 4.04; Annex, 781 Russell, 3.84; West, 3.83; Terry House, 3.79; East, 3.73; Annex, 777 Russell, 3.10. Independent Houses — Salisbury House, 4.41; Westminister Co-op, 4.25; Chauncey House, 4.17; Luma House, 3.99; Bastille, 3.93; Rochdale House, 3.91; Culture Hall, 3,90; Kagawa Co-op House, 3.86; Halcyon House, 3.80; Marwod Co-op, 3.78; West Wood, 3.77; Wesley Boy’s Coop, ^74; Purdue Only, 3.71; Stellar Hall and Wildemar, 3.63; The Hub, 3.48; Bivouac, 3.37; The Black Cat, 3.04; House of Davis, 3.01. Women’s Halls — North, 4.03; South, 3.94. Independent Women’s Houses —^ Thaeles, 4.26; Ann Tweedale Co-op, 4.00; Pedalion, 3.86; The Bronx, 3.81; Theophilus, 3.75; Twin Pines Co-op, 3.71; Brockway Co-op, 3.64; Coedda, 3.63; The Gables, 3.47; The Lock Out, 3.38. Civil Service Commission Announces Examinations United States Civil Service Commission has announced open competitive examinations for the following positions: associate health education specialist, assistant health education specialist, aerologist, air safety board, and Civil Aeronautics Authority. Applications must be on file not later than April 17 if sent from the states east of Colorado.' '' . 'i ’’'- '■ *'•7^ ‘i< ■“'* *'" 4 ' ’’*' \J' ' ‘ '' ’ v/fV^ '’’''.c* "'<' ’ J ''^;J'V
^dihfdoL
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
JtetihihoA.
r>
*/ n%
Friday'. March 24, 1939
Sch<Jastic Standings... ... of various University organizations give Exponent an interesting news story today. More interesting is a study of just what these indices may mean. Fraternity men and sorority women are listed as having quite a lead over their unorganized schoolmates. A true analysis of the situation would probably show that this is not the case, however, for the indices credited to fraternities and sororities are bfesed only on the grades of active members. Thus the unorganized ranks include all Purdue freshmen—and the freshman class average is considerably lower than any other class average. The same thing is true concerning any comparison that might be made between University sponsored residence halls and other rooming places. Even with freshman grades counted the residence halls have indices about 10 per cent higher than the University average. It is interesting to note that, while University eligibility restrictions for extracurricular activities require only a 3.5 index, the University average score is 3.74. This University average shows that the average grade given at Purdue is between a P and a B. Mathematically it takes approximately a 3.67 index to graduate. This figure is based on the average load a student carries and under the 90 hour of B rule. Beginning next year fraternity pledges must have either a 3.5 index with no failing grades, or a 3.75 index with C’s. Living up to this requirement only insures that the freshman will be eligible to take part in activities and will probably be as good as the average fraternity man. This is no assurance that he is going to be good enough to graduate or good enough to raise the chapter average above the 16th place, or halfway point in fraternity rankings. Organizations which desire to rank high in scho]^arship can write their own ticket—if they set up sensible requirements for entrance. Perhaps the best requirement to make as a starting point is a 12 hour
the Purdue Exponent \ Entered as leeond class matter at the post office in Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of ConKrees of llareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poataare provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published ddily except Slonday dnrifur the rexular aeadanie year and weekly during the Stmuner Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscriptidn $8.60.
I!
H. I; Stanback R. R. Banaler
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager.. PUBUCATION STAFF
Manaylns Editor L. 8. Hardin City Editor. JJ. A. Ballw Associate EkUtora_6. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. S. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R. Ahlf, R. Defer, R. Dettoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighaO, M. Mifers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A.
Yates.
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Datigherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald J. A. Hebheler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone tOOS, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indians
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
Editor Associate Editors-
of B per semester rule. This should be accompanied by some index standard. If all pledges had to equal the active chapter average before being initiated, there would be no danger of the organization slipping.
By Betty Wickard Show: “One-Third of the Nation.” Where: Mars Theater. When: March 23. Sylvia Sidney is a good actress and a popular star, but someone should show her or her directors the error of her ways—she is well on the road to being “typed.” Screen audiences are becoming so accustomed to seeing her as the hungryeyed, ill dressed daughter of the slums that they will rebel at casting her in any other type of picture. Then when the “slum” cycle is over Sylvia will lose her following. The replacement bf the sordid slum dwellings of “Dead End” and “The Gentle People,” one of Sylvia’s newest stage hits, by airy modern buildings is the central theme of the picture. Lief Erickson, a handsome blonde giant, loaded from the stage, plays the son of the capitalist who owns the building. Sidney Lunet, a very charming child actor, plays Sylvia’s brother, Joey, whose life is warped by infantile paralysis. A Terry Toon comedy based on the fable about the goose who felt that the end of the world was coming, and a comedy, “Boom Goes the Groom,” complete the bill.
CoIIeffiatefrom Coast-To-Coast 'NO SPECTATORS ... . . . watched when Carnegie Tech played Penn State in basketball this year. Only the players, scorers, floor officials and reportei’s were admitted. Doc Miller asked the Purdue fans to refrain fi-om yelling, but the Carnegie Tech officials went one further when they barred the spectatoi’s from the game in order to prevent the further spread of the flu epidemic. —C— GETTING MARRIED . . . . . . and staying in school—Springfield College students have to think twice about it. A student there who is planning to become a benedict, must file his intentions in the dean’s office and with it a financial statement giving assurance of his solvency in respects to college and residential expenses. In other words, the college doesn’t plan for the young couple to go home to live with pap.
UNDER THE MICROSCOPE . . . . . . with the jitterbugs, and here’s what the biologists have found. According to Clifj^ord H. Coles, of the Bergen Junior College, “The poison may cause a sudden reaction on the body in which case the individual, without any warning symptoms (except perhaps a few free notes from a hot sax) is thrown abruptly into the throes of the disease; or the reaction may slowly build up to full vigor, requiring a month or more completely to possess the victim. “The agonizing contoi’tions and unintelligible exclamations, the latter being evidently secondary effects, produce a heart-rending effect upon the victims’ parents and elderly relatives.”
A NEW QUEEN ... ... is being voted for at the University of Kansas. Ohio State may choose some 24 during the year and Purdue five or six, but these queens are chosen for beauty and personality. However the new leading lady at Kansas will be an intelligence queen. It warms our heart to think that the brains are coming into their own at last.
Appioximately one-fourth of the University of Vermont freshmen are scholarship holders.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
KILLERS OF TOMORROW!
■ and —
RITTER
: ■ ■■ m m m
3fl!) hii' horse ‘‘White Flash"
mrimuk A CiMd IMiaMd lletara
ALSO "FIGHTING DiVIL DOGS/' Serial
FREEMAN
Now the Mexican huarache is a fully naturalized—1939 American style sensation, Freeman Rahchas are tinished fine shoes, made by expert craftsmen. Smart, airy, comfortable, with none of the stiffness and crudity of imported originals.
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
406 Main Street
LUI3A TODAY-SATURDAY
kiAid
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE PACKED TO THE BRIM WITH MELODY AND ROMANCE!
and the world's youngest Ice Skater IRENE DARE — PLUS — Terror grips a city as its leading citizen vanishes!
__ WITH — GRANT WITHERS BLANCHE MEHAFFEY Also MICKEY MOUSE
-COMINGLOVE AFFAIR — WITH — Irene Charles DUNNE BOYER
GRIN AND BEAR IT
% Liddy
For our prize sucker this week, the tune will change . .. not a male, but a certain little girl of the Phi Mu house . . . M. “Tripod” Doyle promised to give her his pin if the fraternity brothers would furnish cigars . . . sounds like something fishy. To the rescue came the little pledges . . . with two-for-five honeys. So, TRIPOD is minus a pin but no money put out to worthy brothers!
Will the girls who phoned to CHAUNCEY “Dresswell”? JORDON please leave their names, addresses, and phone numbers at his office. JORDAN will send an autographed picture and will notify you of the time of appointment. Please do not phone his residence as his secretary will not arrange further dates.
We understand that the fellows were almost drawn into a standards committee with the girls of WRH last Saturday night. The head woman surprised everyone by walking into the dimly lighted recreation room. Guess they made use of a pencil and paper ... oh well, spring is here, people can make use of the wide open space ... it was too darn stuffy down there anyhow!
LAST BIT: In the old days “panning for gold” meant hard work on the banks of some muddy stream. Now “panning for gold” is what critics do for a living.
-and if I talk while under ether, all names I might mention are entirely fictitious and no reference to any living person will be intentional!”
Somerset Maugham ELSA LANCHESTER TODAY-SATURDAY IriRMEItt
TOMORROW (SATURDAY) ONE DAY ONLY
LAST DAY SYLVIA SIDNEY — IN — ONE THIRD OF A NATION^
■75 ' 'SS
-ON
SCRttN'
S\S
vfitb
IRENE
herve'^
Stage Shows at
l:10-3:25-5;40-8;00-10;15
—ADMISSION—
AU SEATS 25c ALL SEATS 30( 2:00 p. m. to closing 30c-40c—Children 15c all day
1:00
to
2:00
JS,
^ ;»- >
Colors In Chicago Relays Tomorrow Leaving Saturday morning, six men will carry the Boilermaker hopes in the Chicago Relays, an annual invitational affair held at the International Amphitheater. The events will feature many of the country’s greatest track performers. Matched against a crack field, Art ■ .
WAA News
Wrestling Started At Purdue In 1913
Bodeau will represent the Big Ten in a special 1,000 yard race. Although this is not the event in which Bodeau topped the field in the recent Big Ten track meet, the added distance of 120 yards should make little difference. This race will find Chuck Borican, speedy middle distance ace who runs for a New York athletic club, as a favorite. In the last few weeks Borican has rapidly developed as an outstanding runner and has finished ahead of the great Cunningham twice in succession in the 1,000 yard race. He clipped the World’s record in one of the races, but that it will
becoine official is doubtful. In a special dual relay event Purdue will oppose Marquette. The Riveter relay quartet is composed of Simmons, Luther, Shackleton, and Holderman.
Intramural Schedule
BASKETBALL—TOPAY Court 1—Kurtz. / 7:00—Ward 4-X vs. Ward 12-A. 7 : IB—Wesley Boys vs. Marsvood. Court 3—Witsman. 7 -.OO Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Sigma. Final Class “B” game.
MIXED RECREATION Swimming Will be added to the attractions on the mixed recreation bill in the Women’s Gymnasium tonight at 7:30i' The usual sports of volleyball, shuffleboard, ping-pong, and deck tennis will be ready for the participants. Contrary to usual custom there will be no charge for guests. basketball Mary Anne Reiman announced last night that the following would play on the play day basketball team: Janette Shaffer, Mary Ellen Scarf, Martha Schroder, Carolyn Britton, Katherine Mounce, Georgia Walker, Elinor Ward, Elizabeth Maur, and Carolyn Blagrave. Yesterday the juniors beat the seniors 27 to 8 and the freshmen beat the sophomores 33 to 26.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS ' Call or See HIJNECK’S WALLPAPER - PAINT 826 Main Street Phone 3841
W0RLI»7FINESTg£ TOBACCOS
Sold by your dealer. If not. send 10c for sample to John Middle* ton, 1211 Walnut Street. Philadelphia, Pa., Dept L6
WALNUT Blend 30c
By Jtte Dolatt^ ~ t Wrestling, the sport once so gloriously upheld by the gladiators of ancient Rome and Greece, was inaugurated to the Purdue list of varsity athletics in the fall of 1913, arising from that embryo of all intercollegiate athletics — intra-stU; dent competition. In 1912, B. A. Embleton, one of Cornell’s greatest wrestlers, was appointed to the University faculty, and during his after-scHool hours, he instructed a group of students in the art |hat he so proficiently performed during his undergraduate days at Cornell. During the fall of 1913, the sport found such a wide spread interest among the male students that the state alloted an additional appropriation to the Purdue athletic fund for the addition of wrestling to the sport program. Indiana First During the winter of 1913-14, the Purdue grapplers had two meets, both within three days. The meets were with the powerful Indiana squad, and the Boilermakers met disastrous defeats each time. With Paulsen as the wrestling coach in ’14, the Purdue matmen entered the conference competition for the initial time. In this conference race, the inexperienced Gold and Black%managed to defeat Chicago,
STILL WINNING IN ALL SUITS
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
ICE CREAM
DAD’S PLACE
Hom-Pak Pints, 15c; Quarts, 25c
So
Drumsticks - Cheerios - Brown Giants
Handy
HART SCHAFFNER & MARX to - ^35®® GEISLER'S VARSITY *21“ Extra Pants *3 “ to ina
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
Are You A Jitterbug Perforce? j-veom# Rumor has it that tight, creeping, ’’ pinching shorts are largely responsible for jitterbug gyrations. Settle back m’ hearties into a comfortable pair of Arrow Shorts, no seams to bind and more room to park. Arrows are expertly tailored of durable fabrics, and completely Sanforized Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than i%). Shorts . . . 65c Tops .... 50c ARROtV UNDERtVEAR
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLIONS
tie Iowa, and lose to Indiana twice, the Hoosiers ending the season as the conference title holders. From 1916 until the end of the World War, the Riveter wrestling program suffered the old bug-a-boo that so often causes the dismissal of a sport from the athletic program—rdisinterest; however, with the employing of von Bermuth, from the Yale University wrestling and football coaching staff, the ancient sport began to find new life among the Purdue male population. During his first year as coach, von Bermuth directed the tactics of Purdue’s first Big Ten conference individual wrestling champion, Ziegler, a lad who surprised the prognosticators by sailing through the conference tpurney to capture the 126 pound toga. Good Season With von Bermuth at the reigning position, the Purdue squad experienced a fair season in 1925; losing only to the conference co-cham-pions, Indiana and Illinois. In 1928 came the most gratifying performance of any Purdue wrestling team up to that time, the Boilermakers defeating the ever-vic-torious Hoosiers for the first time. The meet was by far the most thrilling event on the mat that has ever been exhibited in front of Purdue wrestling, enthusiasts. Going into the final bout of the evening, the score was deadlocked. With the score tied and the crowd almost in convulsions, the Purdue man, Johnson, defeated his Hoosier opponent to give the Boilermakers their first
win over an Indiana wrestling team. In 1929, Purdue was the possessor of another conference individual champion, a wrestler in the 165 pound class. Hooker, who did not lose a single match during the 192829 season. In 1930 Leslie Beers, former Olympic champion, and all-confer-ence wrestling champion from Iowa University took over the guiding position of the Purdue wrestlers, but due to curtailment of minor sports, the wrestling program began to sag and by 1932 had disappeared from the Purdue athletic program completely. After a disappearance of five years, the wrestling program was again brought to light in 1937 at which time Coach Claude Reeck was appointed as ah assistant football coach and varsity wrestling director. During the .1937-38 season, Coach Reeck’s charges experienced what almost every group of “green” athletes do—defeats—seven of them without a single win. . But the appearance of the 193839 season showed that Coach Reeck has the Boilermaker wrestling artists on the way back to the victory road. As a matter of fact, Reeck’s success during the 1938-39 season gives one the contention that Purdue is headed for a “Golden Age” as far as wrestling is concerned. The squad split even in the number of victories and defeats.
Final examinations are given only once every four yeai-s in German colleges.
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine . ....
MEET and EAT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST mLUNCHEON m DINNER • REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUGSTORES 410 Main Street
Accounts for Sale The following accounts are offered by the undersigned as Agents, for sale. The right is reserved to reject in full or in part any offer. Account Jack Schaffner, 813 Shawnee Av., Lafayette, Ind 25.90 M. B. n u*-', ! ' Hartford, Lafayette, Ind 20.45 Claude Aicnduff, 329 S. 26th St., Lafayette, Ind.... 30.00 Mrs. Elizabeth Hughes, 1012 North St., Lafayette, Ind..... 18.00 F. S. Patterson, Lafayette, Ind : 103.42 Mrs. Goldie Curby, 610 Lincoln, Evansville, Ind ! 16.87 Mrs. Ed Massey, 403 Perry, Attica, Ind.... 14.55 F. W. Barnard, R. R. 1, Boswell, Ind 39.0Q Hem-y Bouwkamp, R. R. 1, West Point, Ind :. 152.00 ■ Earl M. Smith, R. R. 1, Battle Ground, Ind 17.18 Charles F. Pagett, Stoney Hts, Apt. 8, Frankfort, Ind 44.50 Ralph Johnson, Argos, Ind...... 160.00 Frances A. Dodge, 770 Rademacher Av., Deti-oit, Mich..... 281.50 The above listed accounts are guaranteed by the owners to be CORRECT AND UNDISPUTED, and will he advertised for sale until sold. AH bids for the purehase of the above accounts wiU be received at the office of the undersigned. POWER’S SERVICE
202 S. State St,
Chicago^ IIL
ttf> ,
3bacaL (Ha,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
yioiJcsA,
Friday, March 24, 1939
Boilermaker Marksmen Triumph In Three Meets During Week's Shooting
Consistent in their shooting, the Puidue pistol teams triumphed m three matches, two’by the varsity and one by the freshmen. In the match with Saint Bonaventure College of New York, the varsity defeated the opposition by the score of 1378 to 1272 while the freshmen were winning 1292 to 1132. The high man for the Purdue varsity was Ahhin with a total of 285 with Powell, number two man, getting the high single score of 99 in the time filing. In their match with Yale the Boilermaker squad won 1378 to 1275. Dill. Yale’s squad leader, and Bingham. second man on the team, were tied for single scoring honors with 94 each. The freshman having the high score for Yale was Mirini with a total of 248 and a high single score of 87 m the time firing. Tedrowe led the Purdue freshmen with a 94 in the time firing while Enlow, the number one man, had the high total.
University Bowling
Week ending Marc^ 17 Final Standing for First Round
GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS
W
L
Animal Husbandly
19
8
Chem. Engl. I
18
9
Executive III
. 18
9
Jt. Highway
. .16
11
Ag. Engr.
15
12
Ag. Chem. I
12
15
Union
12
15
Biology
11
16
Executive I
8
19
Entomology .'
6
21
High Scores for the Week High individual games: Walkey 225, 193 Mooie 203, 194 Hoi at . 201 Glenny 193 Weitkamp 191 High individual series: Walkey 674 High team game: Animal Husbandly 901 High team seiies: Animal Husbandij^ 2510
BL \CK LEAGUE STANDINGS
w
L
Civil Engl.
21
6
Chemistry
18
9
Elect. Engl.
15
12
Geneial Stoies
14
13
Daily
13
14
Gen. Engl.
12
15
Poultiy
12
15
Executive II
12
15
Chem. Engl. II
11
16
Ag. Chem. II
7
20
High Scores for the
Week
High individual games:
Miller
214
Bi own
194
Scott
193,
182
Henderson
181
High individual series:
Scott
637
High team game’
Civil Engl,
851
High team series:
Civil Engl.
2444
LEARN TO TAP DANCE BEGINNER'S CLASS OPEN FOR STUDENTS Tonighf, 6:30 P. M.
CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN IN BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM SATURDAY, MARCH 25th
PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
FLOWERS ^^\MghanS S!]?T?nQ JOHN SPERB, Hdw.
822 AAAIN ST.
PHONE 2777
A Quiet Time ^ill Be Had By All In 1989 Exponent Office, Predicts Reporter
By J. C. Willsey
A newspaper office without the clatter of typewriters, reams of copy paper, the roar of presses and the odor of printers ink, and a thundering editor or so would indeed be something unusual in this day and age. Fifty years from now these earmarks of journalism will have faded into the dim past of the “good old days.” By 1989 Exponent offices will no longer be characterized by reporters with their clattering typewriters and their reams of copy paper. Freshmen will no longer jump as the cry “Freshman ori^the phone!” rings out as an echo to the tinkling bell. Night editors will no longer tear their hair, wield their black pencils, and thunder “Sour” at periodic intei’vals. Peace And Quiet? Peace, quiet, and mechanization will be the key notes of future Exponent offices. Practically all of the actual work will be taken over by automatic machines. The uncertainty and last minute dashes to meet deadlines will be eliminated. Dictaphones will replace the ancient typewriter as a means of preparing the copy for the first leg of its journey to the readers. Instead of banging away at a typewriter— leporters will sit back and dictate tfteii stories. Plastic discs will replace copy paper and a twist of the wrist will remove one story and leave the disc ready for the next. Oh, To Be An Editor Pneumatic tubes will speed the copy from the reporters to the editors. The stories will be automatically played on a recording machine as they arrive at the editor’s office. Following his approval they will be sent to the publication room where they will be transferred to audiotypesetting machine which automatically spells, spaces, and punctuates the copy and prepares it for transmission. Difficult heads will no longer be a nightmare to struggling staffs. When the editor sends the stories to the publication room he will send with them the type of head which he desires. As the copy is prepared by the audio-typesetter, the publication editor and his assistants will set the machine for that size head and it will automatically select the important facts and cast fhem in the proper head type. Radio-photo service and television
will enable the paper to cover news of the world as well as the campus with speed and accuracy. What, No Delivery Bill? After the paper has been written and edited in the offices it will be set up in front of the transmitting machines. These will broadcast the paper to the homes of the subscribers where it will be picked up by special receivers which will print, fold, and deliver to the customers their daily paper complete with pictures and color sections. The social side of the Exponent workers will not be neglected. All work and no play doesn’t make the world go round ... so spacious lounges, a swimming pool, and game rooms will be provided for the staff.
)pmaa
By Betty Wickard
Soft lights, gardenias, orchids, and a smooth orchestra—it’s the 1939 Junior Prom! But wait, the picture is not complete without a description of the newest in ball gowns. Hoop skirts ai e definitely out, and with them the flaring type which was so popular last season. However, full skirts, especially pleated styles, will divide the field about equally with the slim, sophisticated silhouette types. Basque bodices, that fetching mode which makes us look so slim and feminine, are car ried over from daytime modes into evening. The basque can be short or carried down to a new low waistline, from which fullness is released in graceful pleats. Strapless Are Out Square necklines, including the sweetheart shape are the most popular decollete, while a deep V is usually seen in draped bodices. Cover ed shoulders are often seen in formal gowns, but strapless numbers are passe. Rustling petticoats remind us of grandmother’s ball gown, while hoods and suspender dresses are a new note for juniors.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER Thia is eh we do, but w« do it w*(i. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD i. RISK—D.D5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz BulldIrM 4h and Main Wiona 5701
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
FRANK'S PLACE For Those Good Tenderloins and Salads ALWAYS OPEN 111 Vine St. West Lafayette
Blue Prints black and white prints Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave
• Florists
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Battery H-4 Wins Fresh Military Basketball Title
Finishing the battery competition in freshman basketball Wednesday night, the frosh of battery H-4 defeated those from B-4 by a score of 20 to 16. Members of the winning squad will receive gold medals, and the runnerups will receive silver medals.
Wesley Foundation: There Will be a box social in the Foundation Friday, March 24, at 8:80 p. m. Students and townspeople are invited and proceeds will go to the missionary fund. —HORNE.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, March 26, 7 :4B in room 2 of the Union. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
PIA: Dance class will meet Friday evening, March 24, at the women’s gym at 7 p. m. —KNIGHT.
Basketball: March 24, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium the freshmen will play the juniors and the seniors will play the sophomoi es. —REIMAN.
Summer Session Students: All students expecting to take Metallurgy 109, Elementary Metallography and Heat Treatment, in Summer School must sign up in room 101, Heavilon Hall, before Saturday, March 25. —MACK.
Personnel Notes
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in engineering lectures report Saturday, March 26, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will talk. Roll will be taken by seating list. —KNAPP.
Tau Beta Pi: Election of spring pledges at 7 p. m. Friday, March 24, in the PIA office of the Union. —SMITH.
WAA Fencing: Will be held today March 24, at 4 p. m in Women’s Gymnasium. —SWIFT.
Company: Durametallic Corporation, Kalamazoo, Mich. Representative: R. E. Morgan, Engineering Department. Visiting Purdue: Saturday, Mar. 26. Interviewing: Chemical, mechanical, and industrial engineering seniors. Employment: Sales and service work.
Mortar Board: Meeting Friday, March 24, at 4 :30 p m in the Union old chestnut room Please bring activities chart. —WOOD.
Military Seniors: The following students will have their pictures made by Hinea's Studio immediately: Camp, Eckstein, I^ntz, Marks, Tearny, and Tryon. All seniors will select the proof to be used in the class picture by Saturday, March 25. —PICKERING.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Tuesday, March 28, at 7 :30 p. m. in the old chestnut room of the Union. Speaker and refreshments —ARSKWARE.
Freshman Engineering Students: Civil Engineering Camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering Building. (3-26) -LOMMEL.
Union Freshmen: Plan your schedule so you will be able to work Friday, March 24, at 4 p m This is veiy important. —RICHARDSON.
Conditions in CE 21: The examination for removal of C grade in CE 21 will bo given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (8-22) —SONESON.
Mixed Recreation: In the women’s gym Friday, March 24. There will be swimming as well as games. No charge for men. —SHAFFER.
CE 69 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C" grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) —WILEY,
Company: General Electric Company, Schenectady, N. Y. Representative: M. L. Frederick, Supervisor Business Training. Visiting Purdue: Monday, March 27. Interviewing: .Engineering and science seniors. Employment: Business tiaining course of the company.
A m erican-Cleaned Clothes
Look GOOD, Feel GOOD, ARE (^ood:
\
Many times they are almost like new and of a fact they Do Have New Life in them.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Flying club share. If interested call Bob Marshall at 4031.
Think of Economy
American cleaning as an -which it IS. And don’t de-
lay until the last minute to call ns. You ihay want your garment any day NOW!
HATS- cleaned and blocked look like new for 50c Send yours in now.
EUROPE $387 Spring-Summer-Fall. All expense tups specially arranged and pi iced for College Students. Membership application blanks and booklets sent on request.
HANSON FOR TRAVEL Chapman Bldg. Portland, Maine
Phone 3085
IMPORTANT NOTICE! A Campus representative interested in travel and learning the travel business is needed at once- Apply: Kermit Hanson, above address.
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
Unvote
oud
mnna
Dazzle the man-of-the-hour in one of these bewitching new spring formals. Light, fluffy chiffons, nets, and brilliant prints will be the vogue now that the spring season is coming.
These dresses are beautifully styled with full skirts, barque waists, and those little feminine details which will make hearts flutter.
Prices are $12.95 to $19.75,