H a Idr-bemmersto attend Ur.Xl.h.LiOIllll ItEACHING conference
Will Address
Speakers At Final Ag Session
ConvoSunday
Noted Theologist To Discuss ‘^Faith And Its Symbols’
Dr. H!! H. Remmers, director of the division of educational reference at the University, yirill leave tomorrow to take part in a conference' on teaching social sciences to be held at Manchester College. He will be a member of a panel discussion group' and will have for his topic, “Vitalizing the Social Science Through the Testing Pro-
gram”.
Sunday morning. Dr* Henry S.J Goifin, Ngw ^rk City’g famed, iiie-; olbgistj noted preacher, well-known educatdr and president of the ISTew York City Theolbgical Seminary, will address students at the \^1University Convocation at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall oh a subject entitled “Faith and Its /Symbols”.^: if.,.".;;--'-.;:. Choir Will Sing Music will be furnished by the University choir with Charlotte F. Stewart as sp’ecial soloist. The Choir, under the leadership of Director A1 Stewart, will sing arrangements that will include “The Omnipotence”, by Franz Schubert; “Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord’ from the famous oratorio, Elijah, by Felix Mendelssohn; and the words of “Great Is Jehovah, The Lord”, and finally Tschneskoff’s great piece “Gloria” vdll be sung as the recessional. Holds 7 Degrees Dr. Coffin will come here with most interesting background behind him, for he has preached at the Madison Avenue Presbyterian church in New York City for twem ty-one seasons. He also holds seven university degrees including his master’s and D. D. from Yale and Glasgow, respectively. In addition, he has written thirteen theological publications of which the last was entitled “God’s Turn”.
Road School Opens Jan. 20
800 Highway ORicials Fxpecte^ At 22nd An:nual Conyeution
FORMER STUBENT PILOTS PLANE IN WHICH 17 DIE
Gerald V. Marshall, pilot of the ill-fated air liner in which Tie' and 16 others were killed in a crash near Goodwin, Ark., Tuesday evening, was, once a student in Purdue University. He attended the University in 1921 and 1922, completing his education at the University of New Mexico. The crash Tuesday was termed the worst in the United ■States.:'--
n I * ‘ Conference Ends Today
’Sim
‘‘Rural life Day” gram Will Qose An* nual Event This Noon
' J ''nit i
WRH Addition Bids Rejected
tt* 8/4
a. MdatzeSM/
Mrs.
Best Design To Win Comp
Interfraternity BM Plans Are Announced
A complimentary ticket to the Interfraternity Ball will be awarded to the person submitting the best design for decoration of the Memorial Union ballroom for the dance, according to John N. McConnell, president of the Fi’aternity PresL dents’ Council. The offer is open to any student wishing to submit his ideas, the only requirement for the decorations being that they are in keeping with the formality of the affair. No orchestra has as yet been chosen, but according to N. C. Michels, chairman of the dance committee, selection of a band will be made today and will in all probability be one of the following three: Bernie Cummins, Frankie Masters, or Clyde McCoy. The dance will be held oh February 7 in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 1 o’clock. Co-ed hours are until 2 o’clock.
More: than 800 state, county and city officials are expected to attend the twenty-second annual road school which opens at the Uhiyersity Monday, morning. The school which will last through Friday will include the study of highway design, construction and maintenance, equipment, and traffic requirements. As in previous years, exhibits of road building and maintenance machinery and materials will be placed in the Armory while other exhibits will be displayed in the Memorial Union Building. The . conference will open with registration Monday morning in the Civil Engineering Building, following which "^sitofs will be afforded an opportunity to view interesting points on the campus. During the week there will be a series of special technical sessions as well as group sessions in the Civil Engineering and Memorial Union Buildings, A number of well-known designers, engineers, surveyors, road supervisors, public officials, and highway equipment manufacturers will be on the programs. Demonstrations of various phases of road work will also be given during the week. At the closing session of the school on Friday evening the speakers will include Governor Paul V. McNutt, Dr. E. C. Elliott, J. D. Adams, chairman of the state highway commission and David E. Ross. Prof. Ben H. Petty, of the Univer sity, is chairman of the school.
Associatidiis Hold Elections
Agricultural Groups Announce Nemly Elected Officers
Former Go-ed To Wed Grad
Will Hold Ceremony In California Tomorrow
Newmans To Hold Barnyard Frolic
The University Newman club will hold its second aimual Barnyard Frolic Friday evening, January 31, from 9 until 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom. Orval Wray and his popular campus orchestra have been selected to play for the event. The main features of last year's dance will be employed again. Dancers will enter the ballroom by means of a slide from the balcony, and a prize Will be awarded to the couple who are, in the opinion of the judges, dressed in the most typically farmer costumes. The tickets for the dance are priced at $1.08, the eight cents being a “nuisance tax”.
Lewis P. East, Ag, ’28, has recently been appointed livestock traffic agent for the Pennsylvania Railroad, with headquarters in Richmond, Indiana, according to information received here recently.
Miss Mary Ellen Deardorf, of Montmorenci, former University student in the school of home eco nomics, left last Wednesday night for Berkley, Calif., where her marriage to Eugene D. Marshall, a graduate of the forestry school in 1934, will take place tomorrow. Marshall, a distinguished student while in the University, has taken a position with the division of forestry at the University of California, Berkley. Miss Deardorf is a member of Phi Mu social sorority and was a member of the Girl’s Glee club. E. D. Marshall is also working toward his M. S. degree to be conferred this year, and toward a Ph* D. degree.
Big Ten Schools To Hold First Annual Art Exhibit
The schools of the Big Ten will hold the first of an annual art exhibit at the UniverMty of Iowa, Iowa City. This show, which will open on the twenty-seventh of April, is being established to stimulate the art interest among the students of the various schools and also to give them an opportunity to display their"Vorks. In the early part of the coming semester, the Memorial Union will sponsor the works of art done by University students, and ten pieces of the art will be sent to the tall corn city to represent the University.
Six additional state agricultural associations, holding their annual meetings in connection with the agricultural conference, announced their newly elected officers yesterday. Livestock breeders associations reported that the purebred livestock business has been the best during the past year that it has been in some time, with a real demand developing for purebred breeding animals. The Polled Hereford Association announced plans for a cattle^sale to be held here later in the year, while the Aberdeen-Angus breeders announced they would ag’ain award a heifer calf to start a herd to the 4-H club boy who shows the champion steer at the state fair, and will also give a dinner for the club exhibitors of Aberdeen-Angus cattle. Officers Elected Newly-elected officers, by associations, follow: Indiana Sheep Breeders’ Associa-tion-President, Ora Harris, Kokomo; vice president, J. M. McHaffie, Clayton; secretary treasurer, C Harper, Purdue. Director of Livestock Breeders, Lawrence Foster, Crawfordsville. Indiana Polled' Shorthorn Breeders’ Association—President, Dallas Miller, Mulberry; vice president, V. H. Eikenberry, Denver; secretary treasurer, Ed. Harrell, Tipton. Indiana Aberdeen-Angus Association—President, Charles H. McClamrock, Crawfordsvflle; vice president. Grant Riley, Thorntown; secretary treasurer, C. F. Gobble, 'Purdue. Directors: McClamrock, Riley, and J. Holmes Thompson, Seymour. Indiana Livestock Breeders’ As-sociation-President, 0. R. Quackenbush, Sharpsville; vice president, Levi Moore, Rochester; secretary treasurer, Claude Harper, Purdue. Executive committee: John W, VanNatta, Lafayette, and Everett S. Priddy, Warren. Indiana Hereford Breeders’ Association—Henry Hoefer, Lafayette, president; Rainey McCoy, Lafayette, vice president; E. S. Priddy, Warren, secretary treasurer. Indiana Polled Hereford Breeders’ Association—President, H. M. Mullendofe, Franklin; vice presi dent, G. W. Gossard, Kemptpn; secretary treasurer, Wilson Chenoweth. Shoals. Directors: B. L* Newland, French Lick; Guy Cantwell, Gosport, and M. M. Yarian> Avilla.
Jacklin To Return Today From Meeting In Detroit
Prof. H. M.: Jacklin, of the school of mechanical engineering, will return today from Detroit, Miich. where he has been attending thp Society of Automotive Engineers meetings of the research, technical and other committees, of which he is a member. He is also a former president of the Indiana chapter of 8. A. E. . '
pa.LCUVAV
Itichardi B. Morrow, Rich-
mond, who has experienced foulr years of agricultural extension Work in Ohio, and has been a Farmers’ Institute speaker in Indiana for several years, will talk this morhing bn “A More Attractive
Home Life oh the Farm”.
Two representatives of the U. S. department of agriculture, Dr. O, E. Baker, of the bureau of agricultural economics, anc^ Dr. Lowxy Nelson, of the project planning see tion of the rural resettlement divi sioh, both from Washingtonj D. C. Will discuss “The Place of the Farm Family in the Welfare Of the Nation” and “Participation of Rural
People in Community eLife”.
Excessive Costs^l/ki^Clf Funds Reason For Trustees’ Action
.fe
BobButlerTo Play At Mixer
DePauw Maestro Will Present NoyeMes
Bob Butler and his orchestra will provide the music for the regular weekly mixer to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock. Butler, a graduate of DePauw University, Greencastle, is a mem her of Delta Upsilon fraternity and his orchestra specializes in novelty numbers and specialty arrangements. There will be no decorations for the dance because of final examinations interfering with the activity program. Bob Pugh is in charge of the affair.
At the quarterly meeting of the University board of trustees Wednesday, all bids for erection of ah addition to the Women’s Residence Hall designed to increase the housing facilities of the hall from 120 to 190, were rejected because of the high cost and lack of available funds. Other action taken by the board included the acceptance of a number of gifts to student loan funds, fellowships, and equipment. Anaong the gifts accepted was one of $300 from the A™6rican Academy of Science to aid in nuclear physics research; $1,000 from the Anxerican Cyanamid Company for employment of a part-ti^e assistant to study the value of cyanamid in weed control; $500 from F. A. Schaff, president of the Combustion Engineering Company; and $600 from Dr. G. F. Hirshfield, chief of research pf the Detroit Edison Coinpany to aid Studies in high pressure steam. A gift of $500 a year for five years was given by the Carnegie Corporation of New York through the CarUegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching, for the support of studies in school law; and one of $150 by the Indiana Federation of Clubs, making the Federation total $2,407.15.
In the nature of a final sUmma]^ session, a; ‘‘Rural; iMe grain will close! the annual JA^cultufal Conference at the UnivMsity today. J. H. Skurner will preside over the session this morning which wM include addresses bF Mrs. Richard D. Morrow, RiOhmond, on “A More Attractive Hoihe lifo on the Farm’’; Dr. O. £. Baker, U. S. D. A., on “The Place of the Farm Family in the Welfare of the Nation”, and Dr, Lowry Nelson, U. S. D. A., on “Participation of Rural People in Community Life”. President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster at a luncheon this noon which will end the conference pro--am.; ' ' -V ■ Registrati<m Registration figures came close to 6,000 yesterday the fourth and busiest day foir the conference. The day’s program included annual meetings of the Indiana Home Economics Association, Indiana State Dairy Association, and IndigiTia Draft Horse Breeders’ Association, and the opening of the seventh annual convention of the Indiana Association of Future Farmers of America. Featured also at the conference was the annual meeting of the Agricultural Alumni Association at which Frank L. McVey, president of the University of Kentucky, predicted a better ordered agriculture for the next decade as well as a slow improvement in economic policy and a probable limitation upon infiation in money values.
8^ ii®
.''51
'2*
Short Course Opens Monday
lonsors Art Exhibit
Enrollment Applications Increase Over 50% ;
Collection Includes Six / Medici Prints
Eddie, Cantor Will Award Scholarship
Eddie Cantor, screen comedian, will award a four year scholarship and complete maintenance to any American college or university for the best letter on the subject: “How Can America Stay Out of War ?” The letters which are not to be over 500 words in length will be judged by a committee of educators including Robert M. Hutchins, Frederick B. Robinson, Ray L. Wilbur and Henry N. M^^Cii’^cken. The letters should be mailed before Feb. 22, to General Postoffice, Box 99, New York, N. Y. Cantor, who is a rabid peace advocate, never had a college education himself but wishes to provide one for some American boy or girl. The title for the essay contest was suggested by Newton D. Baker, former secretary of war.
' (Special to Purdue Exponent) Bloomington V- Indiana University’s traveling art exhibit of reproductions of famous paintings is on exhibit during the month of January at Purdue University. Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, head of the department of applied design, school of home economics, -is in charge of the exhibit. The exhibit includes a new set of six framed Medici prints. The pictures and artists represented are: A Young WOman Opening a Casement, Vermeer; The Last Supper, da Vinci; The Annunciation, Fra Angelico; Madonna of the Chair, Raphael; Short at Scheveningen, Ruisdael; George Gisze, Holbein. As one of its community services, the Indiana University extension division has prepared ten traveling art exhibits for groups and institutions throughout the state. The exhibits are loaned without cost* They are especially suitable to be shown in schools and libraries.
The 1936 annual winter comrse in agriculture, to be held at the University beginning Monday and continuing for eight weeks, has reached a new record in the number of applications received to date, according to Assistant Dean V. C, Freeman, in charge of arrangements for the course. This figure is approximately a 50 per cent gain over the totdl registration for last year and indicates a considerable larger attendance to be expected by the time all entrants have registered. The school offers special courses in three divisions—^general agriculture, animal husbandry, and dairy manufacturing and production.
f
State Home Ec Group Holds Biisluess Session
Final Examinations
Mrs. O. L. McCay, Romney, Was elected president of the IndiaTia Home Economics Association at the business meeting of that organization held yesterday morning in epn.nection with the Agricultural Conference. Other officers elected 'werei Mi;s. Lawrence Glendenning, Clinton county, vice president; SKss Aneta Beadle,< of the Uniyersi%» secretary treasurer; Mrs* H* S. Bartholomew, Goshen, seniar ^ec-
'''Examinations will be held in tfie same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Course
Agrpn 22 . Atrron 4 ... Agron 16 . AH 141..... AM 1 AM 1
AM 1..
B 171 ..... OhB J4 ... GhE 108 Chem 119 Chem 121
Period 4
FRIDAY, JAN. 17. 841 A. M,
Divisions .._-AU.; ,._-AIl _A11.......... .«.-.All A.e.G... B.D.F
-E..
..-All.. ....All.. JUL
Room
Ag 209 .... Ag 206 ... AE 202
EE 264
Pvur 101 .... SO 12
..-AU.. •AH.,.
O 101
Ohem 186
Ghent 221 CE 111: CE 148 . CE 168 .. OB 168 .
-AH.. ..AU.. ..ah;. ..AU,. ..AH,.
..Ghent 820
CE 201 CE201 OE201 CR201
CE 166 .. CE 176 .. C&T 28 DH 117 Ec 1 ...... Ec 129 ..
Ed 1
CE 201 CE 201 ......HE 108, 109
utive committee woihan; and McS.
Ed 3a Ed 9
Ed 76 ......... Ed 112 ....... EE 192 ........ Engl 106 .... Engl 124 ... Ent 7 P Mgt 107. For 9 For 27 HA 7 „ Hist 2 „ Hist 16 .. Hist 106 Hort 26 IM 140 .. Math 2
Rec 121 .* rid‘201
. Ed 208 . BE 129
Charles Coleman, Gass connty, piniop executive committee Dothan. Action was taken at the meeting to Inoadcast a Mother’s gram again over the UinYersity rRdio station, WBAA, as was dene
last year.,' .
5^
I
.... XJniv 809
PIJBUeATKIN SGHBHITO
-A.C.. .A,C..
HE 107 Phys 202
,.-*—AH.. ■ ' .A.XA..
"hS 210
202
( Continued on page 4)
Because of final exanihsit? tions the EExponent will he pub. lished only on the foltewtng detes during the next two weeks J3 ■ 3
Founded in 1883
1555 Member 193<5 Fissocioted GDlle6iate Press Distributor of Cblfe^icie Di6est
U MOmbOir of National CoilegO Pre^ Associatibrii Mg Ten Editorial Association
Escliisivelsr Represented by Natibhal Adrertisingr Service. Inc.
... <20 Madjson Avenne. yew York City
Entered as second class matter at thApoSt Office^ Lafayettei indianO. Delivered by »!«.«, iS-Sd per >ear; delivers^ by|2.Sll pi^ year; sold by single copy, :2: cents.
MAIN OFETGEH412 Ffortlt StNei "" "
Business Phone 6088
Edit^ial Phone 6087
ibaily Student Publicatien of Pufdtie iJluversity
■EDITORIAL STAFF S Editor-in-chief............^ .......... .„.„..„......:.i.......„.u... .;.;u....^.„JH.V^Heus^ TWangg-inp Editor. H.rcnmpbell Associate Editors-.. ..........:.-.......A. M. ChaSteen, C. M. Hardin; “ ■ Sports Editori..i..........„...i.. .._ JN. E. Hays .Associate Sporte JMitors.. ...... ......................D. P. Miill, B. H. Walpole, L. IX Wood Sophomore As8istnnt8......i...............K. A. Baimette, J. E. Brock, R..L, CHbb, A. H. Forster, C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham,.C. L. Sadler •G. P. Rbqneinore, R. C. Schenck, J. L. VonHarsi Bold and Black Editor....... .W. R. Abbott
Bnsinesa Manager.......... Advmrtisine Manager..^ Advertising Assistants. CHrctiiation Manager. Circulation Assistants... Associate Editors........... Advertising Manager...
BUSINESS STAFF : . ■ . .....: A. Koch ^ .....H. P. Antonini ;.... .L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller ...: R. J. Hwlse ]7. J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields ../.................Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen, Mann ; ; ; ....:.....Josephine Perkins
Editor
WOMEN’S STAFF
Joyce Williains
Friday, Jailuary 17,1936.
IssHe Editor-—C. Harper, Jr.
Harlequin,
George Ade, Et Al
Can Past Glories Be Revived?
Alumni and friends of the University who have followed its activities often bemoan the, fact that the wonderful shows of the old-time Harlequin Club, or their equivalent, are no longer in existence on this campus. Original plays by Purdue’s famous alumnus, George Ade, and other popular productions were lavishly introduced to the public through the medium of this group of men interested in dramatics. ^ No great ballyhoo campaign was heeded for packing the house. It was just the thing to do to attend each performance. The plays, according to the older generation, were presented two nights in Lafayette, usually at- the Mars, and the company would often travel to some one of the largesr Indiana cities, where alumni and popular support would assure another successful showing. A peculiar and not entirely explainable evolution took place that caused the gradual degeneration of the Club. The enthusiasm of the students decreased; the organization went oh the rocks financially, and the death eventually followed. The late Eay Southworth was a valiant and useful power in the old Harlequin, but his financial ahd moral aid could not save the Club. The Little Theatre evolved from the remains of the Harlequin and then came Playshop as we know it today. This latter group, suffering at the present time from lack of student support, is continuing to present a series of plays each year under very discouraging circumstances. Playshop was deprived of the use of Fowler Hall because of fire hazards, and was then forced to go across the river for the use of the high school auditorium or Duncan Hall. The situation becomes more appalling when even these small houses can not be filled. The whole thing is another one of those well known vicious circles. No support, no money; no money, poor plays; poor plays, no support. The above is not said in a sense of depreciating the work of our dramatics group, for it has carried on in spite of all the obstacles that have arisen. The audience is an integral part of any play, and Purdue has not furnished the audience. It is truly inspiring to witness plays that are given by some of the better known college organizations, and then reflect on the glory that was once Purdue’s. Chicago’s Blackfriars, Princeton’s Triangle Club, and the host of others that tour the country are real assets to their schools. “They are liberal arts schools,” is the usual reply. “The interested group at these schools is usually primarily interested in dramatics and it is part of their bread and butter of the future when they take part in some of these massive productions.” Yes, that is true. Most of the schools which are here referred to are liberal arts schoPls, but was not Purdue when it had famous productions of the same character as the present Purdue ? Has not the school become larger since that time, and therefore has not the potential audience become greater? “Tboinuch money in involved and the possibility of a financial failure is too great,” is reply number two. And the an-swer—-and so is there a large investment iii everything else that is Worthwhile. ■ “It is not fair to the students to charge from one to two dollars a seat for a student performance.” Neither, supposedly, is it fair to charge as high as $4 for the Junior Prom (as high as $10 at som^ other schools), or $4 for a yearbook, or $5 for a sheepskin, or $25 for a library fee, but despite the usual hardluck stories that confront sellers of P. A. A. books, publications subscriptions, etc., when there is something worthwhile to have, the money will be forthcoming. “The faculty will object and has objected to the time taken from studies.” Undoubtedly, and so will it probably continue to do so until eternity. The faculty, or parts of it, took exception to the Union shows for the past two years because studies were impaired or girls were kept out too late. Gbmplaints from parents because their precious daughters lost some sleep put an end to pre-Christmas parties. Now, a questionnaire is being constructed in an attempt to determine if some students are overburd^ing themselves with work. When enough support is given a project, dissenting opinions will be lost. Imagine the reception that one would get who waged a campaign at Purdue to abolish football. There’s not even a murmur, but still there are many hours taken from books that are spent on the football field. What better time could be found for a try at a revival than right now? The depression is referred to in past tense; the Union show, in spite of its shortcomings, has opeped the way for popularity ; the President will soon move his desk to a new building and leave Fowler Hall open for expansion, archie tecture permitting; a huge auditorium in the rear of the Administration Building looms as a possibility; Playshop, while we recognize its merits, is in dire need of student support; the coaching and directing ability is on the campus; and a student body, large enough for support of such an undertaking is here. Yes, the glories of the past can be revived.
lege years. A year from now we may be in the trenches, or in Leavenworth/”—Epbert T. Chase, leader of Columbia University anti-war students.
When Thorne Smith died in 1933 1 don’t believe a soul in Christendom shed a tear or uttered a word. He left this mud pie so quietly that it was close to a year before I discovered that he had died. Well, I intend to speak a few words for him. To virtually everyone at all interested in the national letters. Smith was the writer of cheap and salacious unadulterated burlesque; the creator of deliberately vulgar people and situations. The intellectuals and college professors will deny, of course, that Smith’s books were evfeh ^rth a dBhui;: and they will nev^ idr a second adimit ;^^ they laughed themselves into a stata qf serious injury to the ribs at every riotous paragraph the man set down. No sane man will deny, however, that Smith had a remarkable ability at making the printed page dance off into an hilarious burlesque; that his chronically drunken males and exceptionally passionate and careless women did, if nothing more, shock one into unbuttoning the upper trouser button and releasing an abdominal guffaw. But the man had more than just a gift for lewd burlesque. Recently I was glancing through some of his earlier stuff in the files of the Smart Set and privileged myself the belief that had Smith lived but a short while longer he would have turned out something considerable more memorable than 'Turnabout,” “The Bishop Jaegei's,” and others. In all of Ms works, from the first to the last, the more intimate attractions of alcohol and women dominate. To him, no beautiful woman ever led a beautiful life, and no healthy young man, once he became acquainted with a fair one, ever thought of anything sape. Smith labeled dancing as a “strictly private operation going on in public.” A hit strong, you say, but in a way the man was right. / His satire Was obvious, heavy, and coarse, but it was certainly not false. He was the last man on this earth, to date. Who wrote of sex as the great and indubitable clown-fest that it is. He burlesqued again, for the benefit of the millions who refuse to see or understand, the eternal burlesque of anatomical arithmetic. Sex, from the dawn of man to the final judgmen, has been and will always be a red-nosed clown with an open bottle in his hand. HEis attitude toward eroticism, so far as this particular critical lausbub is concerned, was, in any and all forms, sound and correct. Maly he have a merry time in Hell with all of Jurgen’s ladies! C. W. Condit.
Honor Three Ag Graduates Former University Stn^ dents Awarded Gertificates Of, Merit
Three University graduates, Lee B. Florea, Milton; Clarence Cecil, Muncie; and LeRoy Norris, Mentone, were awarded “Distinguished Purdue Ag” certificates at the annual meeting of the Agricultural Alumni Association yesterday. These three men qualified for the awards by virtue of their agricultural achievements during the past year, each having won two gold medals or their equivalent in the various agricultural extension projects sponsored by the University. The “D. P. A.” roll of hopor now includes 14 names. Ten men given honorable mention for 1935 records which approached the requirements were: Eiesling Borthers, Logans port; C. 0. Arbogast, Selma; Pran cis Heaton, Easton; Cecil A. Madill, Muncie; Ralph Harvey, Newcastle; Robert Symons, Muncie; Roscoe Fraser, Rensselaer; A. J. Morris, Syracuse; LeRoy Turner, Richmond; Richard H. Paul, Cambridge City. ; Records show that 117 former Purdue students from 44 counties won 183 medals in various agricul tural extension activities during the [ past year, including 40 gold medals, 56 silver, and 33 bronze. Delaware county took the lead in the county race with a total of 13 medals.
xicBiucuu XU. —...^....."jpnenaiy jt$reaKB C. L. Harrod Employment” President of the Indiaha Light smd Power Co. A. G. Phillips “What the Employer Expects of the Sales Manager of Allied Mills, Inc.?CMca^f W. E. Allen....“Letters of Application and the Interview” Director of Personnel, L. S. Ayres and Co., Indianapolis . March 6 ' M. E. Coyle “Opportunities That Lie Ahead” President of the Chevrolet Motor Co., Detroit, Mich. March i2 David E. Eoss “Measuring Success” President of the Board of Trustees. Cut Out and Save
5 Expelled For “Imm^ality” Southmestistn . Students ': See^ N . Dance By ^irl Memphis, Tenn.—(ACP)—Five Southwestern University students were expelled yesterday following the school’s' investigation into a “campus scandal”. The five students were reported to have hafi “immoral relations” with a 16-year old high school girl, who danced in the nude before a fraternity group on the college athletic field. Wore Only Overcoat The girl was only wearing an overcoat loaned her by one of the students, while she was being taken to the field. In one interlude,'she is said to have chased a ministerial student who fled when he saw what was going on. Questioned by reporters, students said that most of the 70 students gathered at the field were drawn by curiosity and took no part in the affair. Many were said to have left in disgust. A secret all-day session of the student discipline comniittee recommended that severe measures be taken. Dean A. Theodore Johnson promptly expelled the five students and stated that the incident was closed until further facts were brought to light.
ARC FRIDAY - SATURDAY BUCK JONES in “ONE MAN’S LAW” ' LEE TRACY “TWO FISTED” “ADVENTURES OP REX AND RINTY”
TODAY - SATURDAY
S'**
Florence RICE
C&mlng SUNDAY
Tha firsdtMl can of ’ttors oyer assem. bled for Olio pfeiur# JA€K OAmi eistief mmmoAmv smm ■ euiis mmsMiEM ■ Lvm i®f IRTI WiiW BiiilE. Mf mm
Dean Fisher Writes Message To Alumni Points Out Incrjeased Attemd..ance:At ;UniversEy' ; V Dean M. L. Fisher says “The depression is over: so far as attend--ance at Purdue is concerned,” in his message to_ the aluirini, in the new January issue of tlie Purdue Alumnus. The dean pleads for “more students but better ones” in his article, and he continues “tod many entrants fail or drop out/ They can not ‘take it’. Many of these simply do not have the preparation to do college work and try as they may, they cannot overcome their handicaps; many of them who fail are in the wrong place/ trying to be engineers when they should be preparing for law or journalism; a very few fail because they do not study^” Four Page Net Story Besides the message to Purdue Alumni, the issue contains a four page story “Net Team Closes Strenuous Pre-Conference Schedule”, by Bob Woodworth, athletic publicity director; as well as a summary of the numerous records made by IJniversity students at the .recent International Livestock Exposition held in Chicago the week following Thanksgiving Day. 0. F. Hall, professor of sociology, has written a tribute on page 12 to the late Prof. W. C. Latta, who for 53 years was a distinguished member of the University faculty and. local community, before he passed
is not available. >
“"TODAY - SATURDAY ^
bTfigmostdellitMloVQStgv rin all Mty of literature!^'
t^lili EtiZABETW ALtAN; EDtiAMAV OLIVER BASIL RATHBONE
Coming SUNDAY - ..4 THE SHOW YOU com ] SEE ONLYm mw-tom, J YOU KNEW YOUR WAY AROUND. . .•* .
pipRBftirei (Sftn irMtt than in 42ndSlraat | M:i€E FifE ■' Jiti fillE ' A its Mi jyp®E SAMOi ©ti©OtY RAT0FP ©JJCIIi ©yiNSAt FAfS WALlIt H0CIC KiMIIY BAKiR:
PATRONIZE: EXPONENT ADVERTISERS. ■
TODAY / : srod Saturday
‘ ■' GAMBlEiS, GALS AND GAIETY!! :
Coming SUNDAY
Hi €®eaoL::/3io '' 19 f YOU AROUND AND LL / /i^ ii!<^ Tp sBE YOU SUP mm! DARN IT,. , i LOVE YOU/ \
ROBiiVYOIfNO^^Browu Bortiher^^ Wi Fight Tonight At ChU cago Stadium
with grease, the Bomber made his best showing against another negto si)arring partner, Ed Wills, whom he dropped twice with his ierrifie right to the Louis boxed t\w> rouhds against Wills and' also against, another cblojred fighter,
By D. F. Mull ^
Of prime importance in the sporting World tonight will be the heavy-
weight boxing match between J6e Tom Jones, who backed away from T • i. 1.-1 1 the Brown Bomber most of the'
to the fight throne, and Charley Retzlaff, rugged ranch farmer from North Dakota, which will be fought in the Chicago stadium in the
Windy City. . ,
Louis, otherwise known as the “Brown Bomber” since his rapid rise in the fight racket after decisive victories over such top-notch-ers as Primo Camera, King Levinsky, Paulino) Uzciudun, ana Max Baer, is considered the most pow-
The fifteen round fight betwse^ Retzls^ at Chieagp tonight will broadcast a,t 9:3Qlo’clopk over the NBC-WJZ hetwork from the Chicago stadium. erful. puncher since^ Jack Dempsey was in his prime. In an interview two days ago, Louis sta,ted that he was ready for Retzlaff and predicted that the rancher would react just as Baer, Levinsky and the others under This dynamite blows. Last Workout In his last heavy workout day before yesterday, Louis went through seven rounds with the gloyes, but did not look especially impressive, although the Brown Bdmber was suspected of easing up for the fifteen round bout tOr night. In his first two practice rounds against Tiger Henderson, negro of Hartford, Cohn., Louis remained chiefly on the defensive, trying to ward' off Henderson’s left hooks to the head and body.
time. The mighty Joe finished up with one round kgainst Johnny Milan, a shifty and speedy fighter who traded blows with Louis consistently and was still going strong
at the end.
Best Fighter Today Louis is considered the best fighter in the ring today by the majbrity of the sporting world, and was even ranked ahead of the heavyweight champion, James J. Braddbck in The Ring, sports magazine. He is the top-heavy favorite to defeat Retzlaff, who, like his opponent, received valuable training as an amateur in the Chicago Tribune Golden Gloves tourney. Retzlaff is in exceRerit physical condition, and has a very dangerous right which may provide plenty of trouble for; Eoiiis. In his last drill with the gloves, he^ went two rounds with Jphnny Brown and anr other with Art; Oliver- ^e Jjfe farmer hds been ref erred to as the condemned, man, and is attracting as much attention-'tohight as one due to the excitement that Louis has caused in the fight world. Retzlaff stated that although Louis may be picked to win, he believes Re has what it Will take to beat him*-—a right to the jaw. Granting that Louis does win, he will theU; Undoubtedly get a crack at the title, now held by Braddock. His last fight against Max Baer drew the first million-dollar gate since the Dempsey-Tunney era, and tonight’s battle is expected to bring a large crowd of fight fans to the
stadium.
Cyioi Locker Rental Will Expire Jan* 25 Attentionh Those men who have lockers in the Memorial Gym are reminded Of the fact that rental of all. lockers , will expire at noon, on January 2&, according to an announcement made"^ by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director. Thosb who wish to renew their locker for the second semester must do so before
that date.,
In renewing the rental of their locker, holders should first procure n tefund slip from George Craig at the check-Out Window. This refund slip, with an additional $1.00 for the' second semester rental fete, must be presented at the Cashier’s
Kessler lies For 3rd Place
Co„H«
Office in University Hall before^ 12 o’clock, January 25, for which they will receive ja, rental receipt. To coihplete the transaction this receipt must be returned to Mr. Craig at the check-out window in the
gymnasium. ^
Those who do riot intend to renew their locker must obtaih their key and towel deposit money before noon, January 25, and vacate the locker. All clothing will be re moved from lockers to the complete loss of the owners during the after-riobri-'Of;January--SiS,:'
r
with its 1, Cheerful Surroundings and Pleasant Fragrance of Expertly Prepared Food NpT pCPENSiyE Downstairs in the
‘‘Corner of the Cdinpua, Yet the Center of College Activities”
Hold Banquet For Grid Team
Wardy Tribune Spbr Editor, Gives Principal Address
Purdue’s arinual gridiron bariquet, held Wednesday night in the Fowler hotel,, proved Unusually successfui, wnth Arch ;Ward, well-s knowri Sports editor of the Ghipago Tribune as the principal speaker. The noted sports columnist defended intercollegiate football in his talk arid questioned the wisdom ;of the Southeast conference in paying their athletes openly by corisidering athletic ability in awarding Scholarships. Ward believes that college football fans prefer to see amateurs playing when they attend college games rather than profes
sionals.
In addition to Arch Wardj other: guest entertainers on the banquet program were Wilfred Smith, football expert of the Tribune, John Weisbach, and Tom Loftus. Nobe Speaks Several well-kriovrii ' sports personages were presented, including Nobe Kizer and his football coaching staff. Nobe stated that he was dissatisfied with the outcome of the 1936 football season and promised an improvement in .the football status of the Boilermaker team this coming season. The highlight of the evening was a poetic take-off on the IndianaPurdue football rivalry given by Mai Elward, of the varsity coach ing staff. Ariother entertaining feature Was the Impersonation of “Bo” McMiliin by a clever student at the: University. The banquet was in charge of Heman Beemer and Louis Hiner.
Bob Kessler, Purdue’s All-Ameri-can forward, and ^ptain of this Sriason*ri ", Boilermaker hardwood squad, is at pfesept in third place iri the Big Ten individual scoring race, tied with his'sophomore running mate,' Jewell Young, who has been outstanding along with Kessler in the Lambertmen offensive drives. Kessler has accounted for a total of 14 field goals and three free throws in the three conference encounters against Ohio State; Chicago and Michigan, for a total of 31 points, while Young has rung up 12 field attempts and seven free throws since the conference sched-
ule began.
Warren Whitlinger, captain of the Ohio State crew, is' leading in the sharpshooting race with .12 field goals and 17 free tosses in four games to his credit for ,a total of 41 points. Bili Haarlow, who just harely outpointed Kessler last year for sharpshooting honors, is in second place with a total of 39 points in three games, accounting fof 16 field goals arid seven: free
throws,,':,.'., :
Whitlinger Has Edge The fact that Ohio State has played four games ydule Chica^ drid Purdue have faced only three Big Ten oppotients So far gives Whitlinger the edge. Haarlow, Yourig arid Kessler all have a Chance to at least catch Up with the Buckeye captain after another game. It is interesting to note that the two Boilermaker ace forwards will meet Haarlow in their next game on February 1 ih Jeff gym. If they are able to hold the Maroon star as well as in their last encounter at Chicago last Saturday night, rine or the other of the Purdue men may be able to overtake the cham: piori of last year.
Purdue
Northwestern Illinois .....1 Indiana Ohio State Iowa Wisconsin.
Offensive Defensive Margin -..-...40.33 26.07 13.60 34.00 20.60 ' 0.00 ^ 27.50 22.76 4.76 =
.32.33
Minnesota
mm
21M 24.20 20.33 34,00 30.33 4im
m
WM
■m,
iMNtr 9 cheek consideriiig: .ol.l '..the atlvanfages .of having theiineri: furnished it IS eheaper to have all our Linen -Supply': ' - ' ,. : ,4 -
hy the
W E S U l» P L Y
WHY B U Yr
Texas U. Student Makes Good As CoFFespondent Greenville, Tex.—(ACPP-J, C. Arnold, 19, University of Texas journalism sophomore, decided he Wanted to be a war correspondent, in spite of having little experience, money or connections. So he got aboard the first freighter offering him a chance to Work his way to Dijbouti, French Somaliland, and several Texas papers are now using his feature stories,; air-mailed from Addis Ababa. According to the last word received by his agent, Boyd Sinclair, editor of the Wesley College Pilot, Arnold is staying m Addis Ababa with Count Hillaire du Berrier, French adventurer, an English airplane pilot and a newspaperman from Lahore, India. Arnold sailed from Marseilles, France, to Djibouti, ^ith Taklq Hawariate, Ethiopian delegate tri the League of Nations, interviewing him on the journey. According to Arnold, whose school paper. The Texas, boasts of b^ing the only college ,daily haying a special correspondent iri the war zone, Addis Ahaba is law abidirig, justice is swift andv sure, and .the main danger to life arid limb lies riot in war pomplications but in the riatiye-driven taxis. : :
PATRONIZE EXPONENT. ADVERTISERS
- From every front comes positive proof of the advance of bu^ess against the depressing influence of the last few years, statistics compiled for the year of 1935 is the generaf public. Economists predict that business recovery will be even more pronounced in this new year of 1936.
Let the Purdue
just as it helped the following merchants
Exponent aid you in increasiriig your sales,
during the month of December.
Alans Allens Allspaw Beauty Atnerican Laundry Arc .Theatre Auto Body ShUp B. & 'W. Shoes ' H. Behrens Carls Cassell Crown Laundry ,Deac Deckers Deluxe Cab Domers Eaton Sisters Eisenbach Elkins Family Fashion Graves Bakery Glatz Hays Jewelry
Haywoods Hotels Fpwlei^ and Lahr ■ Dr.Irion -' Jones & Brown KienlyKorty Coal Lafayette Linen Supply LariePyke Wetkhoff 'Linco. Loeb AHene Lodde Luna ., Lylie E. Fisher Main Theatre -Mars' ' ; Mitzi Sandwich Shop Miller Studios Modem Boot Shop Mtpdem Shoe Repair Mphlman Mpore’sUolonial Market Mplhaupt Peter Anderson People’s Cab
Phillips & Co. Public Service ' PurdueUnion ’ Reimers R.J:Bath Reliable Clothing Wsk",',. Rosenthal Dr* Q* T. Smith Steiger Bros. Soutbworths Sparrendahl Sppt Sandwich Shop Supshuie Farms Thieme & Wangptia Thadter Rtdiribo Three Sisters ' , ;Triple:XXX::: .UnimDahy:;',., Yylltriger Pharmacy Westetri Union West Side Cleaners White Studios
I4 1
Student to share large double room with gentleman. Twin beds. 126 Andrew Place. Lost—Brown, leather wallet near Agricultural Eng, Bldg. Return to Union desk. Reward.
a a.
For Rent—Next semester. Room with single beds. 205 Sheets Street. Phone 36772.
For Rent—Second semester, excellent quiet study, private sleeping porch attached for instructor or upperclassman. 216 Ghauncey. 75731.
W^ted—-Roommate, first floor near bath; near University—$10,006 Also, one double room, first floor, gai'age—^boys. Phone 35762.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. ia.
Condition Exam in Applied Mechanits— Will be given A. M. il—^turday, Jan. 25, at 8-11 A. M., Pur. 101! A. M. 2—-Satur-day, Jan, 25, at 1-4 P. M., Pur. 101. —POORMAN.
Hours for Co-eds—During the final exam period, the hours from Sunday through Thursday will be 11 o’clock as usual, but anon emapletloB ^ final exams each girl shall have lil o'clock privileges, thereafter. —JUDICIAL BOARD.
Recreation Hour-^The Women’s Gym will be open daily at 4 for recreational activities during final exams. Woinen may invite men as their guests; —HAZELTON.
Co-ed Physical Education—Women students qualifying for license to te.ach phy- , sicai education should see Miss Hazelton about courses before end of exam period. Make appointments in the main office. —HAZEL’TON.
Fraternity Presidents—Come to Student Senate office today after 4 for keys. —^TRUC.
■ plMbing AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-WerkEoff Compamy Phone 3882
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food you like and as you like it. s Popular Prices
KEYS , Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and pa^ocks. Auto keys and handle lodks a specialty. F, Jos, Mulhaupt & Sop 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Less than a eehtury ago thete were hundreds of thohsaUfiS of acres of good land in the public domain available to citizens who wanted to steke but a hoihestead and stert life anew. Today there is practically no good free land left for American families to settle. It is; probable, however, that in the future we shall as a nation require more land under cultivation than we now have. This will be necessary to take care of a growing population. Moreover, whenever there is a shortage of industrial employment, people naturally go back to the land for their living. This happened during the early years of the depression. Hundreds of thousands of people moved from the cities out to the farms, v Existmg Conditions Under existing conditions people could no longer be fairly sure of obtaining tracts of good land. The cheap land which they were able to get was in many cases too poor to support them. Often these families, which had sought an opportunity to take care of themselves, in the end became burdens upon the I’elief rolls of small rural communi
ties.
Wise forethought and action bj the government can prevent this wastage of human effort by lending a guiding hand to the settlemeni of new lands. Unless some sucl guidance is off ered, we run the dan-
cultivated, and becoming burdi upon the rest of the community.
New Discoveries
Today we possess a far more adequate knowledge of what land is good for than did people of a generation ago. Scientists have mad< new discoveries about soil classification. Experience with most of the types ; of land in the United States has reduced the need for
guesswork.
In the present program of land use and resettlement, the Federal Government is helping families move from poor land to better farms where they may become selfsupporting. Unproductive farmland is being converted to other uses, such as forestry, grazing or recreation, for which it is suited. As our need for increased agricultural land expands in the future, it will be more and more necessary for the governments of both States and Nation to determine where good land is available, and to help prevent settlement in areas where families will become charges because of the poverty of the land.
R. J, BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
’The thinking fdlow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB \ Black Cans for Special Occasions 2Sc per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW-CAB CO.
I
Chop Steak and ' Triple XIX Hoot Beer Paves the Way for Easy Finals During finals we will remain open until 2 A. M.’ FREE DELIVERY on 8 or More Telephone 3423 Ask for Bert
Triple XXX Stoto Mtd
- BidbAT,
/JANi:i7i:l-4;P!.
M.
.‘Course---;:.":/'--
DIviaibiiB '
Room
AH 112
AH 114
....; A« 206
■.AM:Z:-;„.:..;......;,:
H.:T
.;..z’s.;.;..;..:.:....SG 21i; Ed:201
B 80a
...AIL:.;...:....;.....:...
SO 14
Chein 1
.;..W,X,Z,AA,AM.
EE 129
Chem 1
.;..AL..,;;:.;...:.....:.::.
Chem 106
CE 6
.;..A,B..;.:...:; .....;
GE 201 .... CE 808
CE 6
..;.G.D..;.:...;.
CE 6
....E,F.::..;....;....;..;...
..-ME 108
GE 6
.. MB 207
GE O
...... G 101
Engl 14
K,XK,L,XL.;.
Engl 130 ...........
...JUL..;.;....: ......
For 111 .............
„»A1L;.:..-.....;...;.....
HA 83
—All........:
.... HE i09
Hort 82 ......
.-.All........,:
. Hort 202
Math- 0
...•C . .
Math J2
..„F;,..
Math 8
....B.C,D...............
Math 4
....F
Math 261
—All
... Rec 301
ME 30 .;.
....P-I........ ME 301-309
ME 93
...All......
♦
PhC 117 ...;.
; ..... F«SiQi«
♦
SATURDAY. Jajn. 18. 8-11
A. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
AE 12
„A ;
.... AE 202
Ag Ch 112.........
.-.All:
..... Ag 103
Agron 25
—All
B 14 :
-...All.........
B 134
....All....:
B 136
....All........;....;:
B 216
.--All :.....
CE 74
....All....;..;.....:.....:..
..... CE iol
DH 3
....All........
DH 15
..-All........: ;....
DH 18
—All:.
■ ♦
Ed 1
.....B ;.. ..:
Engl 6
.....B,F...:
Engl 14
.._.M,N,&0
Ent 2 ...
-.-All:
Ag 117
Etit 9
All...:
Ag 117
P&N 22
.....All .;
..... SC 211
HA 110 .............
.....All. ;.
*
Hist 1
...:.E...:.
♦
Hort 113
All.... ;
Hort 130
.....All : :....
ME 74
All. ....: ;......;
... ME 108
ME 123
.-..AIL.........; .;...
..... EE 129
ME 243
—AIL. ;
ML 68
AIL...
ML 56 ;.
.....All
Ed iOl
ML 146
All
Ed 101
Phar 17
AIL; :....
♦
Phar 36
All.;...
. Phar 311
Phys 8
AIL..;.....
*
Phys 112
All
. Phys 202
PM 6 ;...
.....All ;
.:... G. Cor.
PM 11
B
PM 12
.-..B Period 7
— *
SATURDAY, JAN. 18. 1-4
P. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
AD 51
...;.All
.... EE 129
B 1
.....y’s. ;...-..SC 211, CE 201
B 130
AIL
*
ChE 3 ..............
AH
ChE 113
—All ...:
•*
Chem 1
A-D.I,J
Ed 101
Chem 1 :
K,L....;:
Ed 201
Chem 1
.....M.N
.... ME 108
. Chem 1
......O.P
ME 207
EC 1
...,..A,XA....
G 101
Ec 11 ...;
...-.A.XA
G 201
Ee 12
A&B.;: ;....
ME 3
Ec 115 J
All
.♦
EcT26
....... SC 14
Ec 127
♦
S©iid ys yoair biankefs or raewesf ©veiling gowns. TIi© same exqiiisif©;€are will b© ys©ci oft both @f fhaiii.
U. S. Yearly Radio Bill 700 Millions
Nearly .three-quarter billion dollars was the cost of entertaining America by radio during the 12 months just closed, according to figures given before the Radio club of America at Havenieyer Hall, Columbia University, New York, last night, by Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, Puiklue ’08, editor of “Radio Today” and former federal radio commissioner. Five and three-quarter million radio sets and 73,000,000 tubes pur chased during 1935, cost the public $367,000,000. To operate the nation's 28,600,000 radio sets nOw in use, listeners paid $150,000,000 for electricity, batteries, etc.
Dairy Assoclatioii Elects Officers
Ed 31
All
ZZZZ'Ed’’2io
Ed 76
.A.....
, __ ♦
Ed 107 ;.....
:au..:.........
*
EE 143
All
'EE'‘k5
BE 174 ,. ;
......All.
EE 264
Engl 6
c
*
Engl 16
All...........
” i ♦
Gov 104
;.A11.;
♦
Hort 19
All....
'Sort 202
Math 3 :
...._T,XT........
♦
Math 4
A.B
Math 12 ;...
—-K......
! !.! .. ... *
Math 13
:.B.
Math 119
All
- ♦
ME 30
A-E...;
"ME'301-3ft9
ME 31
A..:..........:
ME 310-312
ME 139
..—All. :..
*
ML 167 ........
.......All
♦
PhC i7
All......;.....
^
PM 16
All
*
Crown Gleaned Ciutkes are ppofeefred agaDnst msths by the monite moth process -—no charge lor this .seryace. FIN E CLEANER S OF F I N E C L O T H E S
Leap Year Chances Better? More Men
Period 8
MONDAY, JAN. 20, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Room A.D 104 All * A-gron 11 ....All....: ;...... Ag 206 AM 1 ......H Pur 101 i,k;l..:....... * J.M.N G 101 AtC SG 14, 211 All Heav 202 All * All ..ME 103
M.XM.N,
O.P.XP.Q Ed 101 R-U ME 108 V-y.... ME 207
Z,XZ,AA,
AB. All All A B G.F.
D.E
A. G,H...;.
B. ........ C. .:.,... D. ....
At the annual meeting of the Indiana State Dairy Association, held yesterday, Everett Beaty, of Huntington, was elected president; John Schlegel, Muncie, vice president; and E. A. Gannon, of the University, secretary treasurer. Resolutions adopted at the meeting asked revision of the Indiana State Fair premium list on dairy cattle; continuance and expansion of the dairy research and extension work; and continuance of the statewide Bangs disease testing program. At the meeting of the Draft Horse Breeders’ Association, Harry Caldwell, Connersville, was named president; Harry Stamp, Roachdale, vice president; Prof. R. B. j Cpoley, of the University, secreI tary treasurer.
Course
Divisions
Room
AE 140
A
♦
AM 101
All ;
• • *
B 1 :......
x's
SC 211
B 36
.....All
♦
B 120
All
SC 14
ChE 107
.....All
Heav 208
ChE 128 ..........
.....All
Heav 202
Chem 1
...-E-H,Q-T.
Ed 101, 201
Chem 131
All
» - -*
Chem 133 ....;
All
Chem 106
CE 21 ;....
All
CE 304
Ee 11
.....G :
HE 109
Ec 117
All.....
•
Ed 1
.....G
; Ed 208
Ed 8a
C
HE 108
Ed 11a
All.....
«
Educ 17 ■
A
Ed 204
EE 190
AIL.
♦
Engl 14 :.
.....G.H.I
*
Ent 8
All
*
P Mgt 1
.....All
.Ag 104, 117, 118
Hist 16
.....D
♦
IM 87
AIL
♦
Math 1
.....A.XA.B, XB.C.D.E *
Math 8
M-P
•
Math 12
.....F-J
♦
ME 61
.....All
ME '30i-H2
ML 126
......All
Phar 11
..;..A1L
Phar 206, 311
PhC 118
All.
Phar 308
PE 33
......All
*
PM 11
D
♦
PM 12
D
*
Women who plan to take advantage of leap year should do so at once and not put off until 1940 what can be done in 1936, Professor E. W. Burgess of the University of Chicago sociology department, warned. The American woman who has decided to propose, he pointed out, now has a working list of nearly 15 million single men, a margin of more than three million over the number of unmarried women. But this iriargin is decreasing and will be considerably lower by 1940, according to Professor Burgess.
Domer's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6®6®
Driiik Milk for More Energy Call JOHNSON
Piione 41332
Milk is your best food—it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHO-P 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
■Elsk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK . ROBERT G. RISE HAROLD J. RISE LUTHER A. RISK 4Q0 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
The last word in
Figure
NEMO-SENSATION-Pauff of Supplespun with the. Double-knit back for the Young Set—Sizes 26-28-30— $2.50. , The SPEGIAL for THIS MONTH. Nemo Sensation, Step-In Girdle. The Long Length Two-Way Stretch Double Knit Back. Sizes 26 to 29—$5.00, Values $3.50. Wiff Bandeaux to be worn with these girdles of Mesh and Supplespun— small, medium and large—$1.00.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G, REISNER
SPARRENDAHL ^ . )> Merchant Tailor 507 Main St. .
LYLE E. TISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Ferry St. Opposite Nei^ Post Office
I FII@TOS r Enlargements 2Sc.
HAVE YOU TRIED OUR Youth Bread? It gives you that extra vitality and punch needed for finals. ©Faves Quality BalieFy
MiifSK