If^'y V ‘ireB
rr'a^i" /* "iJiji "t ^7‘>j,' /„
/H
j''r'‘^f ' 'Iff fif-/,< # *■'’ f
SPORTS
Pep Session Tonighf; Game Tomorrow
p .t *■ , j. V- t^( t V
7
/ , ’ S
/ 1
.1
Xfume4u
iDITORIAt ^ HoflywiNNf Hail# Raft Versus ^Piirdff#
7 Jo , t y j
Ji
Volume 53, No. 17
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday# September 296# IMI
Pep Meeting Tonight Pfeeedes Grid Opener
WBAA Announces 45 New Workers For Enlarged Staff
Pearson-Allen Colymn To Start uaiiy Exponent Appearances This Sunday
Mustache Bulletin
WBAA announced yesterday th^ new membeis of the staff who were auditioned some time ago The staff has been enlarged this year to take care of the increased time on the ail The script wiiteis staff is a new staff this year The new membeis of'^the staffs include the following David Barta, Lawrence Bogei, Rosemaiy Anne Boyd, Barbara Ann Bradley, Richard J Brown, Marianna Duke, Gei aldine Floyd, Jane Grimmer, Helen Henn, Stan Hiischfield, Gordon Jenkins, Dick Kelly, Robert Knapp, Jean Lauer, William Henry Lange Betty Lewis, Marvin L Lynch, Thomas Keys McCium, Bonnie Me Pheison, Justin R Meacham Jo Anne Menefoe, Elanoi Miller, Hilda A Mitchell, Billie Nicholson, Rob eit G O’Brien, H A Osborne, Chris Schenkel, Margaret Slate, S N Stevens, L M Stettenbenz, Bufoi A Tribble, Doilas Tiibble, Loia Jane Vaughn, Anne Voglei, Mabel Vaughn, Bob Viscin, Carolyn Wood, Norman Merrick, Betty Jane Jan sing, Mollie Flager, George Zissis, Martha Lou Stewart
"Mertv - Go - Round' Educational Cruiser State Highway Men Graphically Portrays News Of Capita/h;//Will Attend Roadway
Advantages Of Safety
By John L Traugott Exponent News Editor
Construction Classes
Wesley Players Hold Tryouts This Evening
Wesley Playeis will hold a try out meeting tonight in the Eounda tion’s center, 116 Sheetz St, to select the cast for a fifteen minute radio broadcast to be given on Oct 7 at 7 p m Tiy outs will also bo held for “The Faithless, ’ a one act pi ly to be given on Oct 19 Beth Ludberg is in chaigo of the play, and Rev Balsley and Bill Warrick will be co directors of the radio skit Participants in either of these diamatic pioductiOns will earn points toward becoming mem
The modern, red, white and blue Educational Safety C;:uiser spon sored by the Safety Legion of America made a brief stop here yesterday This cruiser is one of five units which travel throughout the entire United States to graph icdlly depict the advantages of safety especially to the younger generation of the nation The cruiser is an especially built General Motors truck which is al most as long as four ordinary cars It is a self contained unit having its own 5 000 watt gas driven gen eiator lor electrical power, run ning water and a complete bath room and kitchenette The entile in?ide is devoted to the illustrations of the values oi safety Beds containing bandaged dummies, pictures and signs are used to warn the individual of the consequences when safety is un heeded Capt H C Berry is head of this unu which has traveled well over 90,000 miles throughout the Mid die West Lectures and visual safety piograrils are used in cooperation with local safety leagues to pro mote the cause of safety through out the nation w s
Science Grad Appointed To Higii Chemical job
Announcement has been made of the appointment of Iloiny A Stiow, MS ’37, as chief chemist of Mac Del mid Inc, of Wateibuiy, Con necticut Stiow, after receiving his degree here, served both as research ehem
An honest, histoi really competent story of Washington^ politics, gossip, and the personalities in the center of the maelstrom of events is the substance of the nationally talked-aboiit column, “Washington Merry-Go-Round” by Drew Peaison and Robert S Allen, which starts as a daily feature of the Exponent Sunday moining The Exponent wrll be the only darly newspaper in this area to car ly the column, which is syndicated to papers from New York to San Francisco Pearson and Allen have set a mode for a new style of pofit ical coveiage in recent years whrch has practically put an end to the staid, con'jcivative, say nothing Washington correspondence of the old era Column Is ‘Must’ Reading Known for its pointed baibs exclusive information and Hige num ber of accurate predictions, the ‘ Washington Mciiy Go Round” has become “must” reading for politi cal science professors as well as Washington biass hats and politi coes Compaiatively young (in their low forties) Peaison and Allen sky locketed to national fame aftei pub hcation of then book “Washington Mciiy Go Round, ’ a report which broke through fog of press agentry, and irotected no person or institu tion, but was concerned with facts (Continued on page 2)
Following a meeting of engineers of the state highway department here yesterday, it was announced that more than a hundred men from the central office of the highway department will attend night classes to be offered by the University in Indianapolis next week Dan E Pierce and Charles R Rummer, of the state highway commission, discussed the needs of the department in regard to defense training with Ben Petty and A K Branham, of the University’s de fense training program in Indianapolis Classes in “Elementary Strug tuial Analysis,” “Theory of Structures,” and “Modern Field Piob loms m Highway Engineeriqg will be hold on Tuesday and Thursday evenings at Arsenal Technical high school Phillip E Soneson, assistant pro fessoi of architectural engineering, and W J Henderson associate professor of structural engineering, have been named instructors The course in field problems may be made available to all district offices of the highway department at a later date w e i ^
In a daring raid last night a group of fun-loving Theta Chi frosh recruited about 100 Cary Hall frosh in an attempt to massage the upper lips of two Theta Chi seniors hiding in the Sig Ep house After two attempts to storm the house were repelled by wastebaskets of H20 and locked doors, an opening was made through the kitchen window. But further warfare was stopped by the timely arrival of the local police force carrying tear gas guns. The ciowd was dispersed with no damage done and everybody went home happy, that is all except the two seniors who still have their, mustaches but who probably won’t get home until Saturday
Dr. Elliott, Mackey To S^ak At Stuart Field Rally At 7:30
Prefacing the coming clash with the Commodores, the first pep rally of the year will be held tonight at 7:30 on Stuart Field where the student body and townspeople will hear President E. C. Elliott, Red Mackey and pthers speak about the team, spirit, and the prospects of the coming season of football. Mai Elward, who was previously scheduled to appear at the session will be unable to attend because he will be with ' -■ the team at Mudlavia, local resort.
Carnegie EKhibiiion Explains Art Effeds With Animated Show
Chems, Mets Battle To Keep Young Trophy
The coveted G A Young trophy, heavily guarded for the past year
preparing for the game. Begin At Union Activities of the evemng will begin on the front steps of the tTnion where a parade will be formed and led by the Military band to Stuart Field At a huge bonfire there, the pep session will take place and the crowd will hear the speakers over a public address system. Johnny Goll and Dick DeGarmo, senior yell manager and leader re-
Creson To Address SAE Meelting Tortight In Union
Chief speaker at a meeting of the student branch of Society of Auto motive Lngmeeis tonight at 7 30 in the facultv lounge of the Union will be W K Cieson chief engineer of the Ross Gear and Tool Company
“The Layman’s Guide to Art,” a travelling display of the Cincinnati Alt Museum, will be on exhibit in the Union sub basement from Sun day until December 21 Included in the display are a series of devices operated by push buttons to graphically illustrate the more basic principles of art Blinking colored lights are used to demonstrate color harmonies and pieces of sculpture are animated to point out features of design The relations between designs and the textiles aupropiiate for them are also shown by means of these displays The exhibit is a Carnegie philanthropy and is lent to universities and technical schools having no art schools *[n connection with the eihibit. Bob Parks, of the puttering shop, will present a free course to students and townspeople who are interested The purpose of this course and display is to develop an appreciation of art by providing definitions of artistic principles and (Continued on page 2)
in the Chen^ical and Metallurgical spectively, wish to emphasize that Building, will go back into circu Saturday’s Vandervilt tilt will not lation tomorrow afternoon, unless opening “breather” and that Dr Bray’s boys repeat last year’s full support of the student body will performance of having the largest necessary to accomphsh the ex-
percentage of seniors present in the PGcted devastation annual Senior Day Parade Honanes In Charge
The annual battle of percentages Events of the evening will be
between the five engineering schools will be judged this year by members of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, and the Student Senate committee Dick Dibos, president of
organized by Gold Peppers, Gimlets, Reamers and Skull and Crescent and the rally will be over
by 9
Students attending the rally are
the Senate, will announce the win- sted to confine activities as
ner Sunday morning
Beginning at 12 45 p m , Members of the sophomore honorary will count sehiors presenting passpoits at the parade formation The cords and deiby-weaiers will form for the parade on the road between the Chem and Met building and the
Pharmacy building
Co-wmneis of the trophy last year, the Chems and Mets will be competitors in the contest tomorrow, while the Public Service Engineers will join forces with the Civils The Mechanical and Electrical
much as possible to Stuart Field as the area southeast of that field near the new physics bmlding has been
recently seeded kak
Max Greer To Play For Senior Dance^ In Union Tomorrow
Annual Senior Cord Dance fekturing Max Greer and his 13-piece orchestxa will be held tomorrow
schools aie expected to provide the both ballrooms of the Un-
ion from 9 to 12
largest separate delegation wer
beis of Wesley Playeis Following the tiy outs al the meeting, lefieshments will bo seived, and the party will pioceed to Maple Point whcie there will bo skating Cost for the party will be twenty five cents per poison All those driving cais will be admitted free w g h
ist for the Udylite Corp and as maintenance service engineer for General Motois at Detroit, Mich
igan Ab chief chemist ol the MacDei mid company, he will work with the synthesis ot compounds and with developing processes for the clean ing of metals for plating g w b
Golden Shops Renofation Progresses
Freshmen Singers To Broadcast Today
Uiider Recently Inaygyrated Project
By L M Stettenbenz
Volusifeer Red Cross Werkers Display AbilHies Makisig Surgical Dressings
By Lee Slone “It the two firm-, which own nia chineiy and equipment mikin., sui gicrl die -in.,s woi ( to run then machines d \y and night they could not possibly pi ovule moio than 10 pci cent of the dicssin s which oui present demand calls ioi said Di Louise J Meikk, diiectoi of the Red Cross surgical dressing volnn tceis in the sub basement of the Union These dressings are used in our U S army hospitals and in the war sectors in Europe lliis past year approximately 175 000 suij,i cal dressings have been completed and sent to the aimy and also to foreign countries where needed Workers Must Be Skilled Skilled workers cut and fold 6 types of dressings One type is a small 2” by 2 ’, eye p id size sponge used for minor scratches In con tiast to it IS a bell shaped sponge as lai ge as a soltball, that surgeons use lor hommoih igcs and, lieslr wounds These aic Hat ontthe bot tom and have a peak at the tojr which servos as a handle They are tied into compact bundles qf five each lor shipping, but spiirtg into their Hufly shape immcdutely up on being untied Hugo 12” by 12 ’ abdommal p ids aie tonsiluclcd by putting together an absorb vnt and non absoibrCflt cotton pad and enclosing the two pads with„ gauzi These are loP huge wounds oi all types Two ’Types of Dressing Much skill IS needed Joi fnldiiijj, fho 4” "dressings -fo) lulcinkl
wounds since not a stiay thread can Ik left 111 the \/ound and prevent he ilino iwo types of these dress mgs re made since Pnelish sui „eons pielci thick dicssmps and U S surgeons desire thin ones One y ud of g luze is machine folded into i nauow bai d ot goods which comes to the Rod Cioss in laige rolls Ihcsc ue cut and rolled into a convenient p'^ckit,e Ma chines have not yet been construct ed to roll this cloth because it is 8 layeis in thickness In times ol peace there is no demand loi such a m ichinc in times oi war there IS no time to build one Voluntetis Needed Any coed or townswoman wish cs to voluntoei can woik on liies days and Wedne^'days Horn 7^ to 9 30 /p m or on T hvu sd lys fi om 9 a m to 4 p m Red Cross a^o makes baby Hay* etts with 31 precos hos^yipl shirts and pajamas and ladle-.’ gpiton and wool dresses Iho hospi),al garments will be“ used either ■for'* ai my Or loieign hospitals Todlei^’ packs contain* stibw suits, hopiji mittens, rompers, &lc'ep^is, sweaters and diapers to fio r^sed by BiiHsh children in the bombed areas Biipdttes Poi Brifajn * By the end ol Detemboi 600 childiens sweaters )|i0.-crps, lOP mrt tens and 250 adults sweater ^ mrut be kriiL Biijtislj children will xg. fieirq. maroon, delft biug dark gi ecu, tan, and navy Rod Cross outlrfs during 1941,.(.instead ol the ^tlriab grey anti olivp greeil colors sent in 1914.
The General Engineering depart ment, located in Michael Golden Shops, IS undergoing a thorough face lifting, and will eventually emei i e as an up to date pi actical niechanies dnision with modern equipment and more than ample
fiooi space
Duo to the tiemcndoub speed up oi Amei 1C 11 iiulusti y dm mg the last year, it w is felt that present 1 rcilitic for instiuetn! eii.,mceis wore lugelj inadequate to prepare till in foi the hop conditions with wh ch they will be tae d upon enter in., o it itle concoins ruithei the equipment at h iiid (notrbly that ol the foi,.,c shop) was deemed entire Iv obsolescent and unfit ioi piac tical profit experience Complete Remodeling With tins in mind the staff of the GE department, under the direction ol Prolobsoi R W I indley, under took a Vcist program ol leorganiza. tion that eorlls lor complc(ie remodel ing of the macnine tool and ioige shops within the-no\t two years to meet the demand lor modelni/ed
efficiency
The {11*^1 step oi the plan, vuulei taken duiring*' the summer, was to abolish the outmoded hand loige shop and utilize the flooi space ae quircd by that stroke in teaching a neWoi systom oi drop hammer shaping The shop was cleared ol ell thq anvils, the coal pile and air lets removed and the old wooden fiooiinj, lipped up In its stead, a icenfoiced concrete base was laid ■covered vith itcrV creosote blocko to take up yiUiation and prevq^ fissures liom tiro pressure of fho
machine tools,
lool Room Altered The'tool room which services the ihfichmc thop has betp so altered as to open into both rooms, lor the west fend ot the Jioige department is.,
now an auxiliary of the machine shop, containing the screw machines and turret lathes It is plan lied to eventually knock out the wall in the rear of the shop and com bine the two departments. When this IS done, the entire machn e shop will also be fitted with a new creosote covered concrete flooring, and a better system of overhead lighting will be installed through
out
At the picsent time, eleven indi vidual motor drives fol the lathes hire beer pi reed in service, m a move to supplant the ancient belt drive system ol machine propulsion Ihis is in accord with the University s policy of safety m the shops, c.nd when all the machines are equipped with this device, a large step lor ward will have been taken in the elimination ol the machine shop’s j,icatest hazard
Anvils Pass Out
Poiging has not been neglected in the acquisition of new equipment, for new power forges are moving in to take the place of the forgotten anvils This marks the only essential change in the cur iiciilnm of shop practice, inasmuch as freshmen, eiuoiled in GE 34, will no longer have to “heat ’em and boat ’em” to forge their dies into the desuVd shape Instead they will be iiiauiied to' attend domonstia lions of power forging and learn bow to fashion objects under the
drop hammer
On the table is a sng^es,tion that, the sleG supply 'iicimjtting, eneh '■tudent be allq],ved,tu foin-i an open end wrench for his own usX taking it fiom^oige .:^o heat treat to bo case hndened, ami becoming a part ot his personal ^riopeity, for use m the machine shop New-lype Forge 0,ven Forges will be added from time to time* as theysfiie received, and pro-
vision has been made to install a new type portable gas forge oven, for demonstration purposes only This will be an innovation, as the present equipment is entirely stationary and tnerefoie prevents use of the floor space for any other type of lecture presentation Along the same line, there is a project under way to enlarge and combine tne demonstration rooms in the machine shop, so that, from time to time, large machine tools may be moved iii-,ht into place to provide for spot demonstration of their capabilities New Powci Press Added The outstanding improvement in the whole program is the addition of an all welded hydraulic press, with a 25 ton capacity, to the shop equipment This press, and later on one that will support 100 tons, will be used for the purpose of rnstiuc(non in stamping, deep drawing and plastic molding practices Pressing ot forging dies has already been proposed and will be augmented as soon as it is practical to do so According to Professor Lindley, emphasis on theory will still be the basis lor the presentation of the coui'ses, with just enough practical experience to acquaint the pros pective engineers with the methods of forming the various parts that are used in industry Less attention will be paid to craftsmanship than to knowledge, although a reasonable ability to comply with the essentials of production will still be required in each branch ot the department It IS expected that the new procedure will make for better efficiency nr the department as a whole, ahd will undoubtedly result in turning out engineers who are 'mote firmly grounded in the piin ciples Ot modern industrial produc-
tion.
Greer has altered the stylte df organization since he took over leadership of the orchestra last year from Warpy Waterfall; consequently, he will present something; unique in the way of Union Mixers.
Inaugurating a new senes of stu- band features a brass quintette dent radio programs, the Musical by Max and his trumpet Organizations will present the out- ^ trio^composed of Nancy Hull, standing freshman members of the Houston and Otto Elhs. A JlicGlee Glub and the University Chons turesque backdrop is being Iprain a vocal and piano variety enter- by Umon workers, tainment at 4 30 pm, today over Seniors only will be admitted to station WBAA Himilar musical dance free, but they must h&ve broadcasts will be heard over the both cords and passports. The regstation on succeeding Friday after- admission fee of one dolnoons at the same hour P®^ couple will prevail for others Featured on the initial program ^ban seniors deb.
are Wilma Palmer, soprano, Vir-
ginia Uliey, soprano, Marilyn O’- Prof. W. E. Holland
Haia, contralto, Barbara Heath,
contralto, Ruth Ralston, contralto, ... of the Civil EngineertOg Sidney Smith, tenor. Bill Morgan, School will speak next Wednetiday tenor, William Kennedy, baritone, at a district water-works meeting and David Simpson, who will play in Hammond on the subject “Wata piano medley g w b er Hammer ” *
Band Members Get Surprise Pep - Talks By Band Boosters
By Bill Hammer
Obeying orders, but still wondering just what the score was, members of the University All American Band reported at the Hall of MuSrc Wednesday night at the assigned time Upon arrival at band headquarters, they found that instead of a rehearsal as had been intimated, they were to take part in a pep session Of comae,,the mem beis of the band are used to playing in football pep sessions, but this one was of a different type a senes of short pep talks given by prominent band alumni and boosteis The keynote of the whole evening was given by Piof “Spots” Emiitk when he said, “When the band Josts the Purdue fighting spurt, there will be no moie Purdue bands ”
Former Members Present Doing then bit to inject moic pep into the new men in the band were sevoial foimei membeis, among them Plot H L Solberg, head of the ME school, G A Young, Indiana’s best left-handed golfer. Prof Ludy, Prof Lindley, B A. McAdams, director of the Jeff high
school band, Fred Goldsberry Dayton, C. C Spencer, V T. Hitchcock, V. T Agnew, and H. H. Horner. The band boosters who each gave his own special hypodemie were Prof Mills, Dean Knapp„ Prof. Chambers, H G “Deac” Reisner, and A R Killian, mayor of Lafayette. A tribute of appreciation pvoved to be the highlight of the evening, when the boys spontaneously ^ose to then feet and cheered as “G. A." began his speech ot reminiscense. Atter the speech, a gift of was pi'esented to G A. m recognition of past work m the band (he was director before Spots) Of the loyal support he has alWhfa; given the band. Movies Shown After the vocal pep had hhim over, the boys were shown mevies of past band formations. Thft tures were shown hy Dean Knapp and Lt J. O. Crim played the part of Lowell Thomas, acting as commentator. As a conclusion to the pep refreshments m the form of nuts and eider were served,
Hi 4
HiPUnBU'E EXPONENT
Fridoy, SeplemEer 26< 1941
tpkW A La HollyVfood fiow aiid thififft Hollywood films a picture supposedly depicting college life. Either the, writers and producers of these pictures have never been on the campus of an American college except at homecoming or are deHl^ately attempting to distort the events of ordinary campus life, since the movies don’t even closely resemble the average university. In their academic paradise every coed is a beauty queen, each fraternity a country dub, dasses and preparations aie non-exis-tent, and ^eryone is filled with that “do oi die for dear old Siwash” spirt. Students who see these films wish that they were only half
true.
However, there is one phase of actual campus life which Hollywood hasn’t changed beyond recognition—the college spirit before football games Although universities can’t hope to duplicate the pageantiy of a cinema pep session and parade, they can develop the spirit and enthusiasm the movies picture. Tonight Purdue is to have its first pep session. Tomorrow afteinpon our team, after a little over two weeks m hard woik, is going to give the student body two hours of entertainment They deserve our enthusiastic sup-
port.
This year Mai Elward has done his part m making the football squad our team by opening one practice a week to students In turn, it’s up to the student body to show by their spirit and encouiagement that they are whole-heartedly behind this team If there are any who hope for a college as
-iHnii.Vii
fxpomnJL
fi i
Entered ns second class mntffir nt the post office in Lafayette Indiana nndei the act of Congress of Match 3 1879 and nt the special rate of postage provided foi in section 1103 act of October 8 1917 authorired January 20 1922 Published hilly except Monday duiing the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carI ler for 313 50 per year, mail subscriptions 3'4 00
Editor in Chief News Editor Business Manager
Ned A Ochiltree lohn L Traugott Don S Powers
Publication Staff
Managing Editor Leland W Ruffner Associate Editors J F Amos J H Armstiong D T Brophy JJ L Hadley 1 1 Jones E G Kieper Business Staff Local Advertising Managers K K Gjemre R E Saxton Circulation Manager W T Bell Accounts Manager W Q Millard Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors Mary K Boynton Alieo Chatfleld Jane Ramsdell
Editor Associate Editors
Sports Staff Phil C Johnson O T Clark J D Fraser J S Keeler
Phones. Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792; Editorial After 10 P M, 5377 Represented foi national advertising by National Advertis ing Service Ipc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New Yoik N Y Staff For This Issue Night Editor Jones Day Editor Chatfleld Issue Editor But? Sports Editor Kccicr Reportcis W Rafert L M Steftenhenz K A Klosson A Wickard W Summers G Biyois D W Ochiltree C Hass J D Smith Bro vne Liver Wattleworth L Slone W G Hoskins J Ramsdell
listen ..Simpson^Sfitith'
pictured by Hollywood, they should be able to leahze at least part of their dream tonight Let’s all back the team and attend the pep session, proving to Paramount, RKO, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, and all the rest that they haven’t made a mistake in their film depiction of college spirit—at least not at Purdue
Positions Still Open To Chorus Recruits It was announced today that aft■"er two days of tiyouts theie aie still an unlimited number of posi tions open m the dancing clioius of the first Union Show which is to be given Dad’s Day, Nov 8 Most of the chaiacteis have been selected, but students that are interested have been uiged to call Wilhs Wells, director of the show Maijoiie Hans, dancing diiectoi, also urges that all people inteiested in the dancing choius report foi tryouts which will continue every afternoon at 4 p m m the North Ballroom of the Union until all the vacant positions aie filled d w o
WBAA
Fndaj, September 26 11 00—“Euiope Since 1914”—Pi o fessoi V L Albjeig 11 50—Puidue News 12 00—Ag Forum 12 30—Meet the Band 1 00—Souvenirs 1 15—Markets 2 00—A Story a Day 2 30—Moods m Music 3 00—News—Music 3 30—Music Organizations 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—Music Organizations 5 00—Just Relax
On the theory that colleges should teach students to use then hands as well as then heads, Daitmouth College has established a student woikshop
Caioline Chatfield, authoi of a syndicated newspaper column on human relations, headed hei class and was president of the student association at Queens College, Chailotte, N C
Dairy Judging Team Takes Part In Contest Univeisity daiiy judging team of five members, accompanied by the coach Pi of J H Hilton, left Wed nesday foi Waterloo, Iowa, to take pait in the national collegiate daily cattle judging contest, held in con neetion with the National Daiiy Cattle Congress The team was composed of W F Brown, Morgantown, Joseph C Ramsey, Trafalgar, Chailes H Skinner, Thointown, Kenneth R Spuigeon, DeMotte, and Oscai Wes son. West Lafayette all students in the School of Agricultuie Until Monday, when the national contest will be held, the team mem beis will make stops at leading daily heids in Noithein Illinois and Eastern Iowa, doing practice judg mg m final preparation foi the meet cw MiSif-ary Honorary Holds Initial Meeting Of Year Scabbaid and Blade, national mil itaiy honorary, held its fiist meet mg of the year Wednesday and C G Geltz of the foiestiy depart ent, who will seive as the faculty sponsoi was mtioduced to the membeis Geltz has letuined to the campus aftei a year’s leave which he spent at Duke univeisity Scabbaid and Blade Day, which will be held Octobei 26 was dis cussed, and Bill Gunkle was elected chan man of the activities Fied Giaf was elected captain for the fall pledges, who will be chosen at the next foimal meeting Plans foi the coming yeai weie discussed and R V Youkey sub initted the financial budget j i
The LQC Lamar school of law at Emoiy Univeisity was the fiist ac Cl edited law school in the southeast
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
Hall Will Speak Ai- Ag St^ff Liunchepn Monday “Woild Events and Goveinmen tal Policies as they relate to De mociacy in the United States” will be explained by Dr Frank R Hall of the history, economics and gov eminent depaitment, next Monday noon at the legulai monthly lunch eon meeting of all Univeisity agn cultmal staff members, to be held in the faculi;y lounge of the Union Announcement of the piogiam and addresses was made by Di W V Lambeit, associate duectoi of the Agricultural Expeiiment Station and chan man of the committee in chaige of aiiangements foi ^the
meeting
Pearson-Allen (Continued from page 1) The fust “Meiiy Go Round” book, aftei a tiemendous sale was foi lowed by anothei volume entitled “Moie Merry Go Round” and shoit ly theieafter by the “The Nine Old Merf, that turned the Supieme Couit inside out foi public view “Ihe Nine Old Men’ told of the hates and prejudices of some of the Supieme Couit Justices with candid, if unflatteiing detailing of the pieCoiiit histoiy of each man Thioughout the books lan a touch of pointed humoi, but they also set down an authoritative report of gov einmental day by day activities The daily column is a continuation of the truthful fact finding policy enunciated m the books The social and political cruients in Washing ton are shrewdly appraised in the daily column, together with news scoops that have become a legular
featuie
Pearson giaduated fiom Swaith more College in 1916 and immedi ately began to see Euiope with the Biitish Red Cioss and latei as head of Quakei relief woik in the Bal kans About the same time Allen was m Munich watching the ahor tive Ludendoif Hitler putch Allen was a piogiessive long befoie “Washington Meriy Go Round ’ days, having taken an active pait in the LaPollette campaign foi the presidency in 1924
• Radio Review Don’t hlRme- Parks Johpson and Wally Butterworth if they stutter a bit when “Vox Pop” goes on the ail tonight at 7 pm over the NBCB network For Paiks and Walls, who have been interviewing mostly soldiers, sailois, marines and de fense workers, are going in foi pulchritude and glamor at that iime Heading the list of mteiviewees are beautiful, blonde movie star Betty Giable and Bienda Diana Duff
Fiazier Kelley
Also to be interviewed by Paiks and Wally are Elsa Maxwell, the wit and paity thiowei, and Maj Gen Henry J Arnold, chief of the U S All Coips The other interviewees will be two “Yanks” actually in the RAF, who will be chosen at the last moment fiom the ranks of RAF Yanks m this countiy Sounds swell, doesn’t it*^ Re member, NBC at 7 p m
WON 720 NBC
The U S Army and the United Service Oiganizations are both giving full cooperation to Glenn Millei’s “Sunset Serenade” Saturdays over the NBjC-B network The pro gram, dedicated to the men in the armed services, plays their favoi ite tunes and each week gives away 250 popular lecords and one or more RCA Victoi combination ladio and victrola machines to camps winning the song populaiity contest
WMAQ - 670 - NBC
Tonight’s best listening, we think, will be ‘Tiist Nigh ter” at 7 30 p m , with the play “Pvt Higgins, U S A ” A close runner up is “Hoi lywood Piemieie,” with Louella Paisons, Gloiia Swanson, and Adolphe Menjou m “Pathei Takes a Wife” The time, 8 pm Both may be heaid ovei WBBM CBS
WAAF 9S0 NBC
Heie’s some “day eaily” stuff Bill Stein, radio’s numbei one man ot sports, will lip the 1941 football season wide open with a play byplay report on the mighty battle between Minnesota’s Golden Goph ers and the Univeisity of Washing ton Huskies at Seattle, tomoriow fiom 3 45 to 6 30 pm over the
NBC B Network
Stein, announcing his selection, chose the Minnesota Washington clash as one of the year’s big games The game is an annual hontp andhome affair as well as being an openei for both teams Each team, accoiding to Stern is headed foi championships Wash ington, beaten by Minnesota and Stanford last yeai, is out foi (1) revenge, (2) the Pacific Coast Con feicnce ciown and (3) the Rose Bowl bid Minnesota’s goal is (1) anothei undefeated season, (2) the Big Ten Championship and (3) mythical national honors under the Dickinson Rating System If you like Bill Stern, listen And if you like football games, listen But if yon like both—well, you just
can’t miss it'
Final AWS Petitions Du^ AI ^^ortiortW Tomorrow at 6 p m rs the deadline for petitions for freshman coed lepres^tRtives in AWS Petitions may bo turned in to Agnes McCulloch at WRH Noith, or at the west desk of the Union Freshmen will elect two lepresentatives October 1 Tlje following form will he used a,nd must be signed by 25 freshman coeds We the undersigned do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the AWS Executive Boaid for the yeai 1941 42 The two newly elected fieshmen will join the AWS executive board, already consisting of the office of president, vice president, and secretaiy, seveial appointed commit tee membeis, and the coed heads of impoifant campus activities a l*w Musicians To Begin Season With Picnic Musical OiganjTjations of tl^^ Umveiyty will start their social season with a picnic Sunday at Battleground All members planning to attend should meet in fiont of the Hall of Music at 3 p m where transportation IS to be provided, it was announced Late reservations can he made this morning if the student will call at Music Oiganizations office Tickets are ten cents The committees are as follows Sigurd Peterson, Jim'Uhase and Alberta Schmadel in charge of lec reation, Molly Harding, Marjorie Williamson and Dick Buffington, Reception, Ray Friend, tiansportation, and Gene Kinelski, orchestra
c h
Thi; Bottle U by Boh Boswinkle NOTHING IN PARTICULAR Here sit we, the Cork All day we’ve had a theme m mind which we were going to do a column on Now we can’t think of what the theme was We sit at oui desk, our hat^js on, we have a pipe in our mouth thgt went out three or foui minutes ago, and we have our fingers poised on the typewriter keys In short, we are trying very hard to look like a newspaper man m a movie, but that don’t help a bit in plugging The Bottle Neck Ah' But wait a moment' The theme becomes once more apparent. It all comes back to us now (as the cow said as she drank out of the milk pail) We were going to do a galley (“galley” is newspaper for a whole st&ck of type) or so about nothing in paiticulai Of course there are those that might say that that has been our policy all along, and we won’t quibble with them It IS not the aim of the Cork to fill this spgee with gossip, btit Iffe aie going to pass along, this one about a sophomore Civil It seems that this deciple of Prof Wiley wanted a new cai (And don’t yfe all) His parents were anxious for the boy to have eveiything he needed; so vyhen the mail cairiei left in their box a letter from Sonny asking for a thousand dollars for a new concrete mixer, they promptly sold the cattle in the south foity and forwaided said amount to their son The fellow will be put in an embarrassing position when the folks on the faim find that a conciete mixei is not a prerequisite of graduation in the Civil school And then we heard two men of the campus who wore hitting the cokes (it has to be “cokes” heie) lathcr haid The diowned ones got to talking One said, “Shay why aie you doing this “Got a letter fiom home,” the othei said, “wife doesn’t love me anymore” “That’s had,” answered the first, ‘I’m tipping them up because I’ve just gotten engaged” Don’t know whether the looks of the female portion of the sacied agreement had anything to do with this follow’s condition, but here is a case of opposite actions pioducmg the same effect But what’s this about the seniors of one of the houses making a deal with the frosh element that if the kids would keep gieen paint and othei coloimg mattei off the senior coids that Saturday the boys with the moustaches will place then vaiious peisons inside the trouseis in front of Havillion Hall Best all candid cuneia bugs be on hand, foi we think the dope is straight The Cork wishes to thank those who furnished these bits of information And if some of you othci guysies and giilsies don’t stait dropping things the Coik should know in the Exponent box on the West Desk, we’ie going to be sad like the little boy whose cat got run over by the steam r (filer he had a long puss.
• Platter Chatter Let us give you a warning, by no means should you listen to Dinah Shoie’s recoid of “Love Me or Leave Me” moie than once at each sitting It’s really potent stuff and leaves you weak enough after that one listening Man, when she tells you that she’d rather be lonely than have you with somebody else, she does things to you, both internally
and externally That low voice of her’s comes creeping around the corners and sliding around the curves until yo ufeel like buying a one way ticket to where she is We should all bow our heads in thanks that there is only one gal like her, if there Were more than one, the male specie would deter lorate to a mere collection of Dinah Shore records The railroads and the mail =eivice should do a lUshmg business if many people can force themselves to turn “Love Me ot Leave Me” over and listen to the gjrl with goose bumps on her voice bemoan mg the fact that she’s “All Alone ’ She couldn’t be talking about lack of friends and admuers, she must mean that she’s “All Alone ’ since she’s one in about nine billion peo pie with a voice Jike hei s To com pletely eliminate basal metabolism just pay the price of this record and go into seclusion with your pho nograph for the rest of your life— nothing else will matter If you happen not to feel like foi lowing our first suggestion you d better get a chunk of Teddy Pow ell’s “In Pinetop’s Footsteps ” This IS one of those boogie woogie jobs that will put life back into the old frame Powell re illy coveis the key boaid with this eight beat boogie with the band trying its daindest to catch up with him As a pie sciiption itself or as an antedote foi “sucie de Shoie, ’ this batch of piano playin’ is tops
Everything for a College Education
Carnegie Exhibition (Continued fiom page 1) ethics lathei than leave the student to Intel pi et unlabled, unexplained exhibitions by himself Both the couise and the display aie fiee to students and towns people Registration foi the couise will be completed by Septembei 30 and the fust meeting will be held Monday, Oct 6 Subsequent meet mgs will take place weekly foi the following ten weeks k a k
U ) ai OI AMU
YEA PlIRDIIE-FICHT I After the Game BIDE and REtAY This Year Ws Smart to Ride a Bus LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO., INC
DEAC’S
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., Inc
“All their waitresses are dressed Jike that—^they try to preserve a home-like atmosphere!”
HEALTHFULLY COOL LUMA TODAY - SAT. 2 HITS mum fum mom f. fesa. fUZZY KNIGHT ALSO
r
iiI
J8. iUt
/RfiHohj^altoh. ^f)iijJ:A^
mam
Rhinies Use Vanderbilt Plays In Sttmhiages jUigainst Varsity
■ ^ f
Meet the Team Presenting,,,
6y B\U C^ss^dy
Elmer Burnham, as has beeij h^s ^practice for several days, agftjp tooh twenty Rhinie footballers ijp to the varsity praptice field for the final scrimmage before the Vanderbilt g^jnb yesterday afternoon. Because of the nearness of the gan^e there was little contact worlc but a long dummage scriihma^e. pumtny ScrinmiRge 4^4s Vftrsity ..i .j "u a^.iu »m - — ■■■ n-^
Many people can see no point m ^
a dummy scrimmage for the reason blocking, no matter how good, can’t
that it IS so remote from game eon- for it titions This IS npt the case, how- Rhinie Remainder Work Out
ever, for it is duiing these seem- -nr, ,
ipgly useless sessions that Mai El- ^ So through ^ard 8pd his staff cji analy?=e the scrimmage With the yareffectivenesa of the plays Claude Reedc and “Dutch” -7^ , , „ Eehring woik with the remainder . the frosh squad A great deal of mter^ity^ scrimmage might time is devoted to scrimmage in orbackfire api/st the frosh This can ^er that the effectiveness of the phrtially be exp ained by the fact ^ ^e deteimined that the varsity, knowing the plays, ^ ^her
esterdayV Scrimmage Marks Last Heavy Prill
i-wi'" 'f" in'miw’iy
Tk Spits fiestip '1 Phil J^hmon —*«—
ft
iem too Accurately
played six man ball or none at all.
can diagnose for their own
knowing the plays to a lesser de- advantage Much time is needed for gree, possibly will chaige in a dif- t^is, and it is now that the |oimUferent manne? and stop ^he play j^^ion of futme combinations is
cold
Dummy scrimmages are also useful in that they give the varsity '
a chance to perfect then timing Jimmie Pox, veteian Red Sox under conditions as near to a game fiist baseman, has batted in over as possible One of the most impor- 100 1 ups in each of the Iasi 13 con-
tant factors of olfensive football secutive seasons
good The fiosh, ^jjey have to be placed to their best
taking place
JAVA BROWN
If you are looking for a pair of husky brogues and want something smart in style see this new Fortune model in Java Brown Crushed Gram leather With the roomy /plateau last this is the smartest style of the season
85
iVi
Some Styles Higher FORTUNE SHOES FOR MEN B. & W. SHOE CO. 121 N. 4th Street
Southworlh’s
A SENIOR WITHOUT A DERBY AND A CANE ( TOMORROW WILl. BE
A SQUARE PEG IN A ROUND HOLE! Better Get Yours NOW at—
I BOOK S mm STORE 30§-^0 §TATE WEST J-AFAY^TTE, IMD
Southwot til’s
Wi# the ^^relhman s^Uad imitjftifig-the VagderWlt offense to a T, the Biveter varsity ydsterday afternoon pontmued prdp^ations in an effort to stop the highly rated ‘‘Passing Show” of the Commodores in their invasion pf Ro^s-Ade Stadium tomorrow afternoon. A h|'ht polishing-off drill tod^/ will coml^lete the activities ptior to game time tomorrow. The feoilerhdakcr squad hufi legve ^ ' after school today foi Mudlavia, a squad in a defense similar to thgt leSort about thirty m^les south pf pf Vanjieibiff tp give the vaisify the city, where they will remain an idea of what they must run overnight, returning keie just in through tomoriow afternoon Big time for the game With the mam ,jp}jn Petty alppg with “Rocky” purpose of taking the Ijoys’ minds Snyder plashed through tl^e off tke tilt and keeping them out deibilt” line for frequent gains of trouble, a gpod pait of t)io squ^d wjnle G?,lvin grtd Berto had little
will make the tilP to the lesoit Backfield In Defensive Drill
«i»«k afKfe
^ M
. Jl Bg sW nnfilg Ip
4
Tex Smerke
i
Several different backfield combinations were drilled separately on a defense foi the tiicky aeripl ^attack which Vandeibilt is ex pected to unleash against the Riveteis According to'^Coach Red San, ders, the Commodoies thjs gear have the best pass catching team in the history of the institution Commenting on this statement,
trouble in completing their passes There is every indication present that Coach Elward will start an alllettfeiman lineup against the tough southern eleven, which has been PTapticing continually since the
first of September Tentative laneup
Jim Rush at Dave Rankin’s old post and Bill Combs are slated for the end positions with Pete Tiitiperman and Italo Rossi at Tackles Co captains Tom Melton and Jim Miller will answer the starting whistle at the two guard spots
The
r, i ii. 11 . . Elwaid added, “Vandervilt not only ^ f r ^great pass catchers, but great quarteiback post_for the Rivetei „asseis ” This can be backed uu bv
e even, re ex mer the past peiformances of suph prov- Alex Leugo will be at center
pound Junior letterman, is rated ■"
aS one of the best blocking and de fenmve backs on the squad Pied will pfobably sliare the signal call
ing duties with Bob Kersey “Tex” saw very little action at
the beginning of last season but
en stars as Rebrovich and*Buch- veteran backfield will probably be miaer and the expected perform- made up of either Bob Kersey or ance of sophomore “Red” Burns, Pred Smerke at quarter, John Gplwho IS counted upon to do a lot of vin and Tony Berto, halfbacks and the tossing for “Vandy” John Petty, fullback jsd
Although he is expected to see
» Tli6rc!^$ leen Chang^i Madel - In our estimation there has been a veritable refovroation m the Week aa far as tb^ football team is dttfiteemed ftas inetestsed 1 300 per cent. Timing is much better, bloekiifg greatly ttapesiveA} asAig
ments and plays learned better—the entire play has been afti{
precise during the past two afternoon’s drills ^ Maybe it’s the cooler weather, or the pre-season-opener' nxcii But we doubt it We think it is the result of a grand coaching woiking with a swell gang of veteran players that is Jast beginning
assert itself
• The Future Is Bright
It’s not something ^that’s easy to describe, this attitpde thpt the tea|ft has assumed It’s certainly not overconfidence, because the entirp sqnad realizes that this Vandprbilt team is tough enough to give any scbqnl in the countiy a scaiy opener But it’s a feeling that mpkes any team a hard one to beat, and one with the potentialities of the Bofiermaker
squad even hardei
A lot depends on this openei A successful seaspn, midwestem of even natiqnal piomipencp, either oi wjneh are distinct possibilities, all depend on the outcome of this opemng conflict • Comnioiiorps Have Both Barrels Primed Anyway you figifi-e it, you just can’t pgss oyer the facj, tl^t thfs invading Vanderbilt team is goin^ to be a hard-oile to bedt Coach Red Sanders, with one of the best teams Vanderbilt has ever had W pypspect, has been working fqr a month to get his Commodores in mid-season condition for the opengi That he has been successful m his attempt is verified by his feeent statement in a recent Nashville paper, “The Commodores will enter the Purdue game Saturday at both physical and mental peak" Coaches just don’t go around telling then public stuff like that unless they are prepared to back it up Coach Sanders is also optimistic about the lack of injuries in his grid camp this season • Gala Pep Session Tonight Tonight will be the first pep session of the 1941 season The anceess of any ball club depends nearly as much on the enthusiasm and support of snpporteis as on-tfieii own ability Merely sending a bunch of freshmen to swell the crowd doesn’t fiee you of your responsibility as a stu* dent booster Come on out and join the crowd—^it’s going to be an opjoy* able occasion, with Prexy Eddie heading the billing It IS the hope of the organizations who are responsible fqp pep sfissio that they may be of improved quality duimg the coming year Jf any ■ you have suggestions for making these gatherings more attractive and
considerable action in the tilt. Bob
toward the middle of the campaign yr ^ 1. ,,, , Kersey, probable starting quarterhe had moved up to the fiist string "
He finished the season very impressively by playing sixty minutes of
S
back, tobk things easy yesterday because of a light charley horse
of the University have been named officers at thd Signal Corps’
interesting, just mention them to some member of the Eeapfier, Golj ' ideaf
"i
and a lot of work to keep pep sessions on as Ipgh a bqsis as we ti
the 1941, football squad will meiit
the toughest kind of foots'^that over his signal school at Fort Monmouth, New Jer-y heartbieaker with Indiana duties during the dummj sey Those appointed ate Lieuten- _ , , , j r, , sciiiAmage and performhd in fine ants Oliver S A-ikman, Emmett Smerke learned most of his early fashion On pass defense Smeike Aleicander, Francis W Doyle, football at Polytechnic High School ipoked especially impressive by m Chailes C Bellville, Robert B Dqdin Fort Worth, Texas, where he teittepting several long heaves of ley, Frank F Hershey, Donald D played end for two years Duriftg ihe Rhinie/backs Chapman, John G Conway, Morton those two years sports wiiteis ac prosh ImiUte Vandy L Meipr, Jose^ih E Walsmith, Carl (Continued on page 4) Fiosh C^ch Burnham set up his P Zimmerman, and Fraiik Newell
ffN!0g$T Last Call for Your
^ Cords
Zipper Fly Slide Rule Pocket Reliable Clothing Store
224 Main St.
First Clothing Store Across Levee
IM Schedule
After 21 years of waiting the
pennant-hungry Brooklyn Dodgers have reached their mattirity—as far as the National League Chase is considered The flock from Platbush handed the Boston Braves a 6-0 licking yesterday while St Louis’ contending Cardinals were stumbling before Pittsburgh, 6-1 Thus with 99 victories and 53 defeats, the Dodgers hold a two-and-one-half game lead over St Louis (96 wins and 55 losses) with only two
games to be played
New York’s champion Yankees will tangle with Brooklyn m the first Woild Sejpies game Wednesday afternoon, Oct 1, the game to be played in Yankee Stadium
SOPHOMORE TENNIS
Friday Sieptember 26 4 15 P M
Court
1— Chas Clark va H P Evans 2— Dave Eden vs Arthur Williams 3— Geo Siener vs JCetmit Smith 4— -P B Fihe vs C J Chiistensen 6—Don Johnson vs Pat Gibbons 11— Ed Ratchford vs Art Huntei 12— Frank Ferry vs R W Cochran 13— Bill Kraybill vs Dudzinski 14— B P Wells vs M J Schneider
FRESHMEN
15— C Pavis vs Jim Baldwin 16— h Holtzman vs D Long 17— G Vriens vs Japk Holtzman 18— M E Neisler vs E D Rrandgl 19— R H Grinei ys Jack ZiefE JUNIOR senior 2fl—J E Gr)mm vs J M Venable 21—Bob Lange vs D M Collins 2^—Art Huisken vs Fred Turner 23— O L Puree vs Bob Sehaaf 24— J S Sells vs T L Liang SOFTBALL—Friday September 26
Diamond
1— Ward 25 vs Ward 26 2— Ward 32 vs Ward 23 3— Ward 24 \s Ward 21 4— Ward 22 vs Ward 28 5— Triangle vs Beta Treta Pi 6— Wtind 27 vs Ward 8 7— Ward 33 vs Ward 1 8— Itoird 8 vs Ward 10 9— Ward 9 vs Ward'll 10—Wait! If vs l^ard 12—Caiy Hall 1 ys Cary Hall 3
13— Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 4 14— Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 7 16—Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 8 16— Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 12 17— Cary H^ll 10 vs Cary Hall 13 18— Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 14
/
umop6:
Achieye That New Two-Piece Look in a Ns, (Sar'iiAe C^nainai Style sketched—Gfosgrain bound two-piece wool cashmere suit—long torso jaclpet — % length sleeves — pleated skirt with matching grosgrain trim. In beige and green, brown and blue, blue and brown. Sizes 9 fo 17
$
229*
Carlye Originals Sold Exclusively by Loeb’s in Lafayette
are exelusive^ deMers-for the LEE in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See the new styles and shades before you buy your , new FALL HATS Prices $3.50 and up
You Supply the ‘Head... LEE supplies the HAT-l-WVB\
Let the nearest store'that sells LEE Water-Bloc* Hats fit your head into this new senu4eifiSQS|»e-i-the Bearcroft — with a slightly narrow band and a bound edge brim. We^r It sHtappicd back. For only 5 Backs, you’ll he a bearcat in The Bearcrolt.
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Ave^e, N^w York
%
t* Reg U S Pat OffCosmotiolitan Cinb! Mreting Friday, Sep^ Gafee. V. C. Hill. E. E, Joy. H. E. Kendall, Vicitoy; C. ,Was^
Leibler, J. H. Liix', C. T-.^Marek, 0.
night for lieginnera only. Six practicea re- All old membora and anyone Intereated are D. Meld, J. W. Merocj'j A; J. Miller, 0. O..
Viuivuryi Vj» a,vt w.
Wooden, J. W. Wright, W. G, Yoder; E. G.;, Young, G. Yurkanan, J, A, Zohring.
ifj’
WAAi Tehnis practices every .'Tuesday
•ri ■ A , -r. ..r A »ft!- apd Friday. Tournament scheduled In' the Prof. Wilfred B. Young, Ag. 26, next two weeks. Thlree practlees 'needed has recently been appointed direc- ^ P'u't'eipate. —stigerwalp,
tor-of a newly-opened agricultural Registration Workers: students win precede the first meet- school at the University of Gonnecti. ra^l^,? liry 'Xirn^"pa?t^^^^^^^^ or the Virginia C. Meredith cut. The school is to be strictly vo-..Office of Armory. —brown.
all home economics stu- cationa'l in nature and will he operMonday at 4 p.m. in the Home ated as a separate division."
IceiKdinics auditorium. At the meet- Prof. Young, who has already tak-
[ttl^ the officers and organization en over the duties of director, was au n . • ■■ .i thd club Will be introduced to the formerly associate professor of ani- lor chem'ieai en’gineafs\r”"i'nvited
students. _ mal husbandry and extension ani- day!^'sepr
Hr. Virginia White, faculty spon- mal husbandryman.
• <ot the club, and Margaret Bee- He is a native of Indiana and his
!an, state faculty sponsor of col- parents, Mr. and Mrs. Claude 20^°'f ^
Women’s home economics clubs. Young, are residents of West La-
speak. The president,
vBlahk, will be chairman and the imal husbandry, was a member of only |3, and other $s must be ’ _ TiA . , member. Those desiring keys may ■ether oificers, Betty Brown, Mabel the intercollegiate livestock 3udg- get them in the aforementioned^ man^r.
Vaughn, and Salley Beal will give ing team, member of the track team, Ijshort talks. and also took part in other sports.
New members may sign up for m.j.l. committee work during the mCet-
-HARRISON. Purdue Players: Meeting of executive board Tuesday, Soptdmber 30, at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —WALKER. ■ •
POLICE
Mock, W. Musscr, G. B. Schick, C. S. SliaffneV, L. W. ThomaS,. R. M. Thomas, . J. W., Wiley, L. A. ■Wilhf'lm.
Freshman Engineers : k.eet 'lbr Engineer- TTUMniiJS v
In'g'Lectures on Saturday,''September 27''U't ' . ■. ■ . , -■ -—. ; - . « 8 a. m. by schools. Students whose namCs R. P., Abell,. M. W.'Anderson, A. M. Ar- j5_ Brown, T. Burgei', 0,.Care8Sj.^B. .vWson, begin with A-E, inolusiv'e, rooih 201, OE nold, W. D. Banoker, C. Bartholomni, D. j, Conrad, C. A. Davis, G. W. Dick, W. building: F-Le, lecture room, Michael Gold- Bauman, R. Becker, G. Bennett, K. W., Dudzinski, C. Peistkron,^W. W. Frank, .W. Shops Li-R, room 264, EE building Biddle, L. J. Brnwer E. N. . Bucheit,' K. d. Gates, .T. W. Geiger, 0. Hipp, J. A- .Hlin-
D. Adams, Ted Anderson, B. AUthonln‘Wv Appleton, 0. Armstrong, S. ' M. ,1. Boots, F. M. Branner, B. Britt, W.
Physical Examiners: Students who worked giving physical'examinations may get their checks at Student Health Service.
—MILLER
student-faculty smoker at 7:30 p.m. Tues- ‘ . . .in west faculty lounge of Union. Refreshments. —KRAYBILL
Senior Coeds: AH senior girls who have Alpha Phi Omega: Actives bring names T, Grove, R. Hayes, F.C. Hess, F; L. Hop-' l. Leifheit, G. Lovett, R. .£■
Cord, K. C. McLaughlin, M. Ma^onald, J. W. Maybaum, A. C. Menke, W^. B. Monica], J. K, Mobfe, D. Nettesheim, B. E. Pearson, P. Petricli, B. Platt. , C. Polk. F. Ponder, C. Rawles, J. Shoe-
not received refunds on their jackets must of prospective pledges to meeting Tuesday, ping, G. D. Johnson, F. A. Kalina, J. M. call for them September 26 at the office in September 80, at 8:30 p. m. in room 802 Kelly, P. Kinder, B. A. Krantz, L. E. Kron,
WRH North from 1 to 6 p. m.
—WIRT.
of the Union.
-SIGLER.
Former Scouts and Scouters: Open meet-
Batteiy Athletic, Officers: Meeting of all ' ~ ■ “6 at 4 in Room
VANDEBPOBD
AJ.T i-ii. • J- Sigma Delta Chi Members: Fletemeyer Jane fayette. In school he majored in an- says no. if you want a key, the chapter
Reamer Club: Assemble around Mascot in front of Union at 7:15 for pep session.
—RUFFNER,'
, , , .in room -302 of Union, All those interested WAA: Archery contest every evening at invited.
A. Kusko, F. B. Lake, K. L. Lynch, L. R. McEachron, G. Mackley, R. M. Maloney. N. E. Marozick, R. F. Myer, W. A. Neub
zef, B. KrO’Bear, Don Ogilvie, 0. V. Par- maker, D. Steffner, B. Van Camp, J. War- ’ “ ' Wentworth, R. Witsman, C. W.
,ing of Alpha Phi Omega, Scouting service - i*’ ai t ■! ’ Sr
fraternity, Tuesday, Sept. 30 at 8:30 p. m. R- K. Sheridan, E. Skubik. C. E. Sohl, Wright.
' “ - ■ " " . TenEyck, R. H. Van Deusen, W. A.
SANDERS
-TRAUGOTT
"ing. After the meeting Jean Miller, Joan Becker, and Ruth Ralston will eliteftain with music while refresh-
ments are being served, j'.e.h. A4eef The Team (Continued from page 3)
si? ®
ing of Alphafff’hi Omega, scouting service fraternity, Tuesday, Sept. 30 at 7:30 p.m. in Union. All those interested are invited.
—SIGLER
4. Instruction will be given on Tuesdays
and Fridays. —JOHNSON.
Outing iCIub: Make reservations for Gypsy Hike. Call Marge Ward at 41111, or Gail Hennie at 2907 before Saturday noqii, September 27. Meet in front of the Armory at 10 a. m. Sunday, September 28. Everyone
invited.
—BUERGLER.
—SIGLER.
Football Ushers and Police: The following students report at Ross-Ade stadium. Gate 3,, Saturday, September 27, at 12:16 p. m.^ Be prompt. HEAD USHERS E. W. Azpell, L. D. Bechtol, P. W. Case, J. C. Clousei', C. B. R. Pitzwilliams, N. L.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding machines, all makes
» - sold, rented, repaired, and purchased.'Mimclaimed the passing combination of eograph and multigraph work done. " C. J. EbersKoff, 606 Main.
Phone 2779, Lafayette.
iHunter to Smerke to be the best ; In the state of Texas—that s cov-
ering a lot of territory.
During his senior year at Poly, “Smerke” went out for track and 4eveloped into a fine broad j'umper.
Lost: Brown striped Parker fountain pen last Monday. Call Hanson 6057. Reward. Lost: Gold medal on Stewert field, south of Fieldhouse. Inscribed—I.H.S.A.A. Champion 880 Relay 1940. Reward. Gall 6472.
Gimlet Actives and Pledges: Brief but important meeting Friday, Sept. 26 at 4 p.m. in Student Senate Office. Come and get sideline passes. Also lowdown bn first party. Be there. —JOHNSON Virginia C. Meredith Club: Callout for all H. Ec. students Monday, Sept. 29, at 4 p.m. Refreshments. Membedship drive for two weeks thereafter. BOe per year.
—BLANK
Gold Peppers: Meet in front of library at 7 :15 Friday, September 26 for pep session. Please be there.
—SCARFF.
Sportswomen: Supper in WAA cabin on Monday, September 29, at 5:30 p. m. —HARRISON.
"1 Want..." "Golly,'that's my trouble when I eat at Tom's. I ^nf everything on the menu. Okay, I'll settle for steak—and you bring on the rest. I can't miss—it's all good. Oh, Boy, it's cool in here." TOM’S. RESTAURANT 301 University Street
the state finals he took third CaVrs: P^a^enhe^^ilr.^S!
place in hiS favorite event with a ;leap of twenty two feet ten inches -(better sign him up, Phillips). ■• Fred lists traveling as his fav•‘orite hobby. We can readily under- ' ?itand this from the fact that he >il](ias been in forty-three states and '"^•'Mexied during the twenty years ■^ince he was born in the little town |!bf Amarilo, Texas. He is planning ,^^14 attend the Rose Bowl game this ’'■^ear, and also has hopes of getting J'S j’ob in South AmericdTafter comT^leting his studies here in the Mech-
■jEngineering School. ]
“Smerk” prefers classical music ■".to-our modern swing. He.has no pet
superstitions, but has
Lost: One Dietzen “Federal" Drawing set .of instrumentSi Reward. Call 2847. Louis
Caldavelli. *
Lost: Brown leather billfold containing Valuable papers and money. Call Zeck 2812. Wanted: Three, or four upperclassmen for soliciting on the campus for the Chicago Daily News. Mr. Morgan. Phone 2287. Wanted: Boys to work in cafeteria of Union. Apply Miss Nugent—Cafeteria.
Notices
All Seniors: Cord parade forms on the two lane drive between the Pharmacy and Chemical Engineering buildings at 12:46 Saturday, September 27. Engineers bring
habit of passports to be counted for Young trophy.
liyolling up his sleeves when he plays ~ ■Vfootball. He claims that if he gets Exponent Sophomores: New men are as-
^ Signed to nights as follows—Eckstein, Mon-
arms scratched up a little at the day, Wednesday; Kimbrell, Monday, Wed.v^ginhing of practice or a regular ™ay“° We^^^^
;<i|:ame, it has a psychological effect ';,pn him making him play harder. ; In his spare time “Tex” sells ; belts. They are the real thing too— , genuine hand-carved leather ones . 4rom Mexico. Srnerke is a member Hof Lambda Ghi Alphai Social fraI ternity where he is Go-Rbsh Chair-
. man.
mers, Tuesday, Thursday; Kumlander, Tuesday, Thursday; Allemang, Tuesday, Saturday ; Glass, Wednesday,- Saturday.
—RUFFNER
Exponent Sophomore Coeds: Work schedule is posted in office. Please check, and report on days assigned. —ROSE
Freshmen Engineers: Seating assign-ments-for engineering lectures to be held in Fowler Hall are posted near the front entrance on the ground floor in Michael Golden Shops. ^-W. A. KNAPP
2 for
1
HERSEY KISSES
Daf$ Place
Large Bag 25c Hersey Choeolal'e Bars—Plain or Almond , . Large 15e 2 for 25c
so HANDY
■j/
Drew Pearson
Robert S. Allen
Goediquette i - Demands
formai irom THE FASHION Campus comliness for sophisticate—Tombay— ; and the sweet young thing! Ever^ style in every hue, at prices you’ll love. . ■ $16.98 . Others 112.98 to $35,005
yiiil¥-60-
mi®
The IS AT ION’S foremost column of 'feport and comment upon the nation s affairs. It penetrates through the news to the basic facts and influences, giving you a picture off events that is truly threcrdimensional.
By
Drew Pearson and : Robert S. Allen
Drew PEARSON and Robert S. ALLENT are alert to more tKah events m public affairs. They seek constantly — and with uncanny success — to discover what underlies events. And what they discover they write — crisply, vividly, impartially, unreservedly —- in The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Today as never before in many decades, what the government is doing is of personal concern to every citizen. Today there is in full swing a political battle destined to take its place as one of the hardest-fought and fateful in consequence this country has seen. In that battle, the fortunes of everyone are involved. Everyone wants to know how its tide is flowing, and to understand, why.Everyone can„ know, by fqllqwing The^ Go-Round T ^
SUCCINCT, COLORFUL, ACCURATE, COMPLETE
starting Sunday, September 28—Exclusive in This Area IT APPEARS DAILY in
The Purdue Subscription Rates-$3.50 per
00 per Semester