If f ^ ^ “^f- ^j,!J:£^ ^ ■f.^ W^/wvi (-■» ^ ^ V,J > ^ ^ I ) ? . ^
-T V ^^^*^)r4<*
•* tS^3S% * ’' Jt
Z.1IS
FouRdad Ir 18t9
xpone4U § Daily SIrcr 1906
Volume 5* No. 4
Friday, June 20, 1941
Hundreds Here For Rural
Conferences^ Short Courses
Home fc Extension, Agronomy, Pasture, Other Groups Here The campus population yesterday wa sswelled by hundreds of people from Hoosier rural communities, here for conferences and intensive courses on various farm and homemaking problems. Campus 'activities of the rural groups will continue tomorrow and next week with the opening of new conferences and the continuation of the sessions of those already in full swing. • Home Ec ExfreHsion Workers Today approximately 200 state leaders, extension specialists, and home demonstration agents from all parts of the country are expected to be on the campus for a preconvention meeting of home economics extension workers which will continue through Sunday noon. The local gathering precedes the National Home Economics Association meeting to be held in Chicago next week. All of the visitors are to be housed in one of the residence halls on the campus for the three-day program of entertainment and instruction. This evening, as the opening feature of the entertainment program, there will be a picnic supper followed by a ballad dramatization, while a formal dinner is planned tomorrow night. Dean and Director Harry J. Eeed, Associate Director and Mrs. T. A. Coleman, and Dean Mary L. Matthews will be among the guests at the dinenr. The entire group will leave here for the Chicago ineeting following Sunday dinner. Among the advance registrants for the pre-convention meeting "are Claire R. Brian, Bloomington, 111., president of the national Home Demonstration Agents group; Charlotte Etter, Parke county, stnte president, and four national leaders from Washington, D. C., including Grace E. Prysinger, senior home economist; Mary Rokahr, home management specialist; Miriam Birdseye, nutrition specialist, and Lydia Ann Lynde, family living specialist. • AgroHORiists Meet Here Close to 200 agronomists from thirteen states are attending the annual summer field meeting of the Corn Belt section of the American Society of Agronomy this week. Methods followed in soils and crops experimental work, with the University farm serving as a model, were being studied. Following a general opening session on the campus yesterday, the group moved to the soils and crops experiment farm east of the city where four sectional meetings for
plant breeders, crops specialists, soil fertility men, and soil survey officials studied specific phases of agronomic researcli and experimentation. Prof. A. T. Wiancko, of Purdue, presided over the opening session and outlined the organization of the agronomic work on the Purdue farms, and Dean and Director Harry J. Reed extended an official welcome to the visitors. T. M. Bushnell, in charge of soil survey work, discussed the distinctive soil regions of the state. • Nutrition School Ends A two-day nutrition school opened on the campus yesterday with 48 home demonstration agents from various parts of the state in attendance. Mary Brady, nutrition specialist of the Wisconsin extension department, is in charge of the presentation of subject matter, which is designed to assist the agents in their nutrition work. In addition to being a well trained and successful nutrition specialist. Miss Brady recently attended the Nutrition Conference in Washington, D. C. • Conclude Youth Conclave Over two hundred farm boys and girls attending the fourth annual Leadership Training School for Indiana Rural Youth will conclude their sessions today. This morning at the general session Helen Stockmuetter will act jas chairman, and later Lynn Robertson will discuss “Meeting Present Needs.” Special interest groups will conclude the morning program, and the conference will close this noon with a special luncheon program at which Dr. Z. M. Smith, state 4-H leader, will speak. • Pasture Confereuce Round table discussions on the livestock and agronomic importance of pasture research and inspection of the experimental projects in progress at nearby University farms occupied the attention of approximately IfiO persons from throughout the corn belt states who attended the annual pasture improvement summer conference, which closed Wednesday. At the University soils and crops experimental farm. Dr. G. O. Mott, pasture research specialist, explained the techniques and methods used in evaluating pasture species and mixtures as well as special equipment used in harvesting small plots and handling moisture samples. The campus visitors later heard Prof. J. H. Hilton, of the dairy department, give a comparison of alfalfa-Brome grass pasture with a permanent bluegrass pasture for milk production. E. Marion Brown, University of , Missouri, and Dr. W. V. Lambert, associate director of the agricultural experiment station, served as chairmen of the agronomic and (Continued on page 3)
650 College Men Find Fort Knox Is Unperturbed As They Arrive For Their Summer ROTC Training
The following is written by the Exponent correspondent at Fort Knox, Ky., where a large group of Purdue ROTC students are now in training. What goes on 1 at the military camp? What do the boys do, what are they thinking about, and just exactly what is this training? All these questions will be dealt with in a series of articles of which this is the first. ^0 reception committee, no martial music, no nothing to greet an ^ * incoming soldier ... only long lines of tents ... and mud... that sticks. A hundred and eight-one‘Boiler-makers migrating South to meet and mix with 660 fellows from other schools . . . like oil and water . . . ^ 68 are from I. U. By auto, train, and thumb they converge in Fort
Knox . . . and the fort is unperturbed. Parker, Bushnell, and Neate finally made it ... in something that averaged 30 miles per hour .,. with the prevailing winds from the north. Parks and Jackson got here early, too ... K. P.’s were needed ... the spuds look fine being peeled by the boys in fatigue uniforms . . . better looking tramps are not hard to find. Five-thirty in the morning the coffee doesn’t taste like dishwater , . . although the cups look like washtubs ... no beans . . . yet. Enough uniform to fill a medium sized trunk ... fine shoes ... small and delicate ... they don’t bend.,. one just rocks along. Tingley has four Inches of bare leg showing between the bottom of his fatigues
and the tops of his shoes . . . Kroemer can walk around inside his . . . only two sizes here . . . too big . , . too small. Gregory’s must belong to someone else . . . they fit . . . almost. No more campaign hats . .. so we don’t look like Boy Scouts ansrmore . . . the new style is sun helmets . . . now we look like 831 reasonable facsiniilies of Frank Buck . . . looking for meet on the hoof. Tent life should be healthy and happy . , . except for the flies . . . and pneumonia . . . and Finegan. We don’t go on the firing range for a week . . . there is no reason to trust us either , . . those shells aren’t wooden. The fresh air must make a man healthy . . . and besides bedtime is at 9 o’clock.
Dean Blanding Tells Housemothers Here
Dick Cisne Here Tonight At Regular Union Mixer; Orchestra Plays, 9 To 12 Mack Adams, Novelty Vocalist, Singer Delores Glenn Featured
Playshop Picks Our Town Cast; Opens July 23 Following selection of the cast yesterday, Playshop will hold its first rehearsal for Thornton Wilder’s Pulitzer Prize winning play, “Our Town,” tonight at 7 o’clock bn the stage of Fowler Hall. All cast members are requested to be present at the -first meeting of the cast tonight as .rehearsal schedules will be made, Playshop officials said. Tryouts for .the cast were held Wednesday evening. The play will be presented July 23 as one of the summer recreational events. Following are the cast selections with their roles: Bud Clevett, George; Becky Ann Pervine, Emily; Laura Weimar, Mrs. Gibbs; Virginia Webb, Mrs. Webb; Carolyn Wood, Mrs. Soames; Sarah Andrew, Rebecca; George Cummins, Stage Manager; V. E. Lafuse, Dr. Gibbs; R. L. Burtner, Mr. Webb; Sterling Shaw, Constable Warren; Wally Reynolds, Howie Newsome; Haskell Metz, Simon Stimson; Harold Martin, Prof. Willard; Asher Levin, Sam Craig; Don Brophy, Joe Stoddard. •Other roles will Jje played by Carol Bals, Corrine Henderson, Paul Lull, Warren Lull, Max Hallobaugh. Explain Procedure For Veterans' Fee Exemption Okay Prospective University students who intend to take advantage of an act passed by the last session of the Indiana General Assembly providing exemption from certain fees for the children of disabled war veterans must make application for the exemption upon proper forms, it was pointed out yesterday by Clarence E. Dammon, Director of Admissions. Dammon declared that the Act provides for the exemption from fees amounting to $30 per semester for any person who is a pupil of the State Soldiers and Sailors Children’s Home, or for any person who has lived in the state for five years and whose father, having been in the service between April 6, 1917, and July 2, 1921, was wounded, gassed, or disabled, or is suffering from a service connected disability. Applications for exemption must be made to Clarence E. Dammon, Director of Admissions, and supported by an official copy of the service and disability^ record of the parent which may be obtained through the manager of the Veterans’ Administration, Indianapolis.
The south ballroom of the Union will be headquarters tonight for summer session students who will do Saturday’s preps another day, and concern themselves from 9 to 12 this evening 116 Women Register For with the first regular mixer of the summer.
Dick Cisne and his 12-piece
Annual Training School “The successful housemother must ‘sell’ herself to the student group which she is supervising,” .was the advice offered by Sarah Blanding, dean 'of women at the University of eKntucky, before the third annual House Directors’ Training School at the University yesterday. Miss Blanding, past president of the National Association of Deans of Women who was recently named head of the department of home economics at Cornell University, is delivering a series of lectures on “Objectives of Student Living Groups” to the 116 house mothers from 26 states attending the four week school. Studies of food planning continued during the morning, with J. R. Johnson, assistant purchasing agent, explaining problems of food purchasing, and Prof. Edith Gamble, head of the department of institution management, and Naomi McGuire, foods manager and executive housekeeper of the women’s residence halls, directing a “question hour.” This morning Johnson will again discuss food purchasing, following which another question hour will be conducted in two sections under the direction of Prof. Gamble and Miss McGuire. This afternoon Dean Blanding will address the^ group. Tomorrow morning the housemothers will take a trip through the University creamery, conducted by Miss McGuire. Leading states in*registration for the four week school, designed to improve the competency of persons in charge of student groups, are as follows: Indiana, 19; Illinois, 17; New York, 10; Oklahoma, 19; Ohio, 9; Michigan, 7; Pennsylvania, 6. The group has made plans to entertain the summer session faculty at a get-acquainted tea in the north hall of the Women’s Residence Halls on Monday afternoon from 3:30 to 5:30 o’clock. Annual University Mid'SummerMusical Festival Is July 19 The annual University Summer Music Festival, an event which draws contestants from every corner of the Hoosier stale, will be conducted on the campus July 19 in the Hall of Music, it was announced yesterday. The Festival is one of the many preliminaries of the Chicagoland Music Festival contests in voice, choral music, accordian, and baton tvnrling. Winners here will represent Indiana in Chicago one month later. g The entire program will be held in the Hall of Music Saturday night at 8 p .m., according to Albert P. Stewart, director. Philip Maxwell of Chicago, director of the Chicagoland Festival and a member of the staff of WGN Chicago, will he master of ceremonies, and the soloist will be Lanny Ross, tenor. Ross is an NBC artist appearing five days a week over the radio network. Tkkefs Go On Sale Today For SS Picnic Tickets for the annual summer barbecue picnic go on sale today at the-Union west and east desks, the thrfee bookstores, the Fieldhouse, and Cary Hall, it was announced by the summer session social emnmittee yesterday. The tickets will be sold for 40 cents until Tuesday when the price will be raised to 60
cents.
The piOnic will be held Juno E6 from 4 to 7 p. m. on the grounds north of the Stadium.
Dick Cisne
orchestra will provide the music, and one dollar per couple will provide the means of getting in. Featuring an arrangement built around Cisne at the piano, the band is sui^rted by; Delores Glenn, vocalist. Mack Adams, novelty singer and guitarist, and the Singing Three, a vocal trio. In addition vocal ensembles, arranged by two members of the band, are a regular feature with Cisne’s men. The band itself is of collegiate origin, having its inception at the University of Illinois in 1929. iSnee then night clubs in Chicago, Cincinnati, Memphis, and Cleveland have billed the band regularly, and it has performed on programs for all three of the coast-to-cohst networks.
Two Thousand Attend Songfest, Hear Philharmonic Ensemble
By JOHN F. AMOS
Last night an audienceof abouiittwo thousand attended and participated in the first of two summer session songfests in the Hall of Music. Featured in addition to the community singr ing was the St. Louis Philharmonic quartet composed of Bernice Celeste, Coloratura; Marion Huebner, soprano; Carl Strum, ten-
or ; and Attilio Ruffo, bass-baritone.
In addition to these announced _____________________________
parts of the program a film, “Chemistry Through the Years,” was shown before the regular program started. It was furnished through the courtesy of the E. I. DuPont
company.
The audience, directed by Joseph M. Ragains, assistant choir director of the University, started the program promptly at 8 o’clock by singing a group of four songs. They were “My Wild Irish Rose,” “When Irish Eyes Are Shining,” “I Want a Girl,” and “Let Me Call You Sweetheart.” Joanne Lloyd was the accompanist. Ragains then called on a large group of agronomists which was present in the audience to sing another chorus of “I Want a Girl.” They were answered by about a hundred housemothers who sang “Let Me Call You Sweetheart.” ^ The quartet was then introduced and the audience_settled down to being entertained rather than to entertaining themselves. The group started their part of the program with two ensemble numbers: “When Hearts Are Singing;” by Oskar Straus and “Barcarolle” from Tales of Hoffman by Offenbach. Bernice Celeste, who is from the Chicago Civic Opera Company, accompanied the qUartet in both ensemble and solo numbers in addition to singing. The next portion of the program was a group of soprano solos sung by Marion Huebner. They were “the Musetta Waltz Song” from Puccini’s La Boheme; “Through the Years,” by Youmans, a lovely little sentimental number “Love Is the Wind” by Mitchell, a novelty number, I Carry Yo uin My Pocket” by Grosvenor; and as an encore, another novelty number, “Her Gown.” In the last number of Miss Huebner’s part of the program, the en-
semble furnished a background for the solo. The song was Victor Herbert’s well-known Gypsy Love Song
from the “Fortune Teller.” During the intermission'the aud-
ience again took part in the pro-
gram.
The last half of the program was given over to solos by Bernice Celeste who accompanied herself as she sang, and Attilio Ruffo. Two-Headed Calf Bprn; Attendants Expect Survival One of the most phenomenal newcomers in the history of Purdue ffkiry herds arrived at 7 o’clock Tuesday evening with the birth of one red-and-white heifer calf possessing two heads. The profile of theanimal is that of a normal salf, but from the front and above the duplication of foreheads, eyes, nostrils, and jaws is easily apparent. The calf has two tongues and two entrances to the digestive tract, which is apparently normal, the only abnormalities being in the double head. At birth the young calf was given sugar, but since has been nirarished on milk and was capable ^f a little exercise yesterday m<^ng. Follbwing birth the animal was removed to the veterinary department where it is receiving dose attention. In the near future X-rays are to be made of the head to determine the extent to which duplication occurred. With careful attention to feedihg the calf, may be expected to experience normal growth, attendants surmised.
This Paper Is Free To Everyone On Campus Take One!
%2—£ditdL,
Friday, June 20, 1941
(PiViduiL £3(pomjnL
Jumti^ Jalk
While the Washington government directs the wholesale shipment of our material wealth in the form of war goods over the Atlantic to Britain, the beautiful, sunny state of California continues just as vigorously to ship oil to Japan. “Today the radio is saturated with tales of a break in Stalin’s apronstring foreign policy toward the Germans. So in spite of the continued assurances of Japan and Russia of friendship toward each other, a bit of mealymouthed totalitarian talk which should not fool a mongolian idiot, we may soon find Japan carving up Russia’s hind end while Germany slits the Soviet throat. If a balance of power is what we desire in Asia, there is going to be a rude awakening when American gasoline has allowed Japan to help finish oif the Russian balance. This sad situation, which is an interesting commentary on the run down state of American intelligence, is a result of our refusal up to this time to establish a central, powerful bureau of economic warfare. Instead we have limped along on a pathetic policy of attempting here and there by presidential decree to stop American economic help to the Axis states. Examples of this policy have been the freezing of Axis credits, seizure of ships, partial embargo of certain materials to Japan. Clearly there is a desperate need for a scientific body which will study the war on an economic front and take definite, forceful action in the interest of the American war policy, long ago enunciated. At last there are indications that such a bureau may be forthcoming “soon.” The work of the bureau will be to determine every leak of American goods to Japan, and Italy, and Germany, and their satellites, and plug them ruthlessly. It will determine a course for American economic policy after the war ends refardless of the victor, if any. Since the one certain present weapon of the United States in its self-assumed war with totalitarianism is our ability to spend dollars longer than Germany can spend marks, it might be slightly intelligent to establish this means of keeping ourselves from giving the Axis too many of our dollars to play with.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005 — PHONES — Business 8471
More Room For Defense
Donald M. Nelson, director of purchases of the Office of Production Management, is call-
C. L. Shrewsbury Joins Research Committee
Patronize EXPONENT Advertisers
C. L. Shrewsbury, associate chemist of the department of agricultural chemistry, has been notified of his reappointment as a member of the Committee on National Livestock and Meat Board Grants of the National Research Council. Other members of the committee are Paul E. Howe, chairman. Office of the Surgeon General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.; Anna E. Boiler, NTational Live Stock and Meat Board, Chicago, 111., and H. C. Sherman, Columbia University.
Today - Saturday—2 hits WILLIAM BOYD "Hopcdong Cassidy” OH
PLUS
—SUNDAY - MONDAY—
AU. NEW I Mighty sequel to nnfoigettable "Boys Town I
Starts SUNDAY
I WANTED
WINGS
n
(torring fiAY MILLAND WILLIAM HOLDEN WAYNE MORRISBRIANDONLEVY, with Constance Moore • Veronica Lajie —TODAY - SATURDAY-
Ma^ene DIETRICH
THEflRmEOF ji nEinoRiEiins ^
Starts TOMORROW lAMm'ikHiiii
Not sinoe famed "Northwest Passage* .. .such epic Teolmioolor adventure! As big as all outdoors 1 Cast of
thousands!
,ln Glorious Technicolor
BRIAN DONLEVY
,lan HUNTER. Mary HOWARD . Gene LOCKHART Lon CHANEY, Jr
—UST TIMES TODAY— lt'$ MOSICAl^MAGICi ^
ing for “more room”''for defense. Mr. Nelson makes two points. He says first, that in order to overtake the German military machine we must step up the rate of defense spending to $35,000,000,000 a year, contrasted with a rate of $6,000,000,000 in the current fiscal year and one of $15,500,000,000 scheduled for the year beginning next July 1. Second, to accomplish any such rate of armament we must simplify our production and consumption of civilian' goods so as to release more labor, more plants, more materials and m€fre management for defense work. To accomplish this, according to Mr. Nelson, we do not need to sacrifice our standard of living. What we need to do, at least in the first instance, is to put more restraint upon our “economic self-indulgence.” Thus, if instead of producing twenty-seven different styles and shades of blankets, we produced only seven, every one could have just as many blankets, but fewer plants and less labor would be needed to produce them. The resulting surplus could be turning out goods for American and British armed forces. The same is true of many other lines. One radio maker turns out twenty-five different models. Automobiles, refrigerators, washing machines and many household appliances which employ skills and facilities competing with defense similarly produce a wfde range of models, Mr. Nelson believes that the productive capacity of the United States for defense could be increased from one-fourth to one-third by standardizing models and reducing the variety of civilian goods. The Government is planning shortly to launch a drive for voluntary action among manufacturers to achieve this sort of simplification and make possible expansion of defense work. Such a program will, of course, push aside ideas of “business as usual,” but it hardly seems too much to sacrifice a few shades of color in blankets and a few styles of cabinet in radios in order to make room for more guns, tanks, airplanes and other materials of war for national defense. —^The New York Times.
WBAA
Friday, June 20 11:00—Classroom Broadcasts 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Ag Forum l2:16^Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Markets 1:00—Drama of Food 1:16—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Better Vision—Jessica Dragonette 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Music 2:15—The Curio Man 2:30—Music 2:46—Parade of Business 3:00—Music 3:16—Music 3:30—Music 3:45—Music 4:00—Classics Matinee 4:30—Music 4:45—Story Book Hour 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Saturday, June 21 11:00—Carolyn Wood—Singer 11:15—Just Kjds 11:30—Musical Round-Up 12:00—Markets 12:15—^Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Tune Time-^Charlie Powell 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Music Without Words— Mildred Johnson 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club—Dicken Conner 2:16—Alberta Schmadel—singer 2:30—The Army Speaks 2:45—Afternoon Melodies 3:00—Music 3:15—Music 3:30—Music 3:46—Music 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day
Campus Polke Arrest Prowler Yesterday
TODAY-TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
UNTANVED"
RONALD REAGAN
lohnLIIE.lyaLYS.lainoi RTEPHENSON'Eddie FOY,Ir.
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY lliOOp.m.
The Screen's First Action Musical! THEY MET IN ARGENTINA
University Sponsors NYACo‘urSesJuly9-19
Purdue will be one of the thred Indiana colleges to include, courses on the National Youth Administration program in the summer session curricula, it was announced recently by Robert S. Richey, state NYA administrator.
be devoted to the administration of the NYA program. Aubrey Williams, national administrator of the NYA, will come to the conference and address two sessions and hold individual conferences.
Classifisd Ads
Part of the program of the University workshop secondary education, to be held July 9 to 19, is' to
Lost: Black ringed Parker pen— name of George T. Morris on pen. —Phone 76112. Reward.
University campus police yesterday morning seized a stranger who identified himself as Benjamin Fabian, 34, of Chicago. West Side police took him to the Lafayette police station where he was slated for vagrancy and jailed, pending a fingerprint investigation. He was apprehended after looking into a window at the student health service in the administration building.
3>A£dsAnjiJtuLdu
Here’s Wishing You Lots of Luck in Your
FaU Rushing
Of course you realize that repair work now will make youi* house lOuch mbre attractive to the freshmen next fall. That’s why we are reminding you of our complete line of hardware and paints. Everything you need to make your house like new.
MOORE & KEMPLE HDW. CO.
North Side Square
Phone 2577
neUj'f heavenly
shades in CORDAY
**Toujaur8
MoV*
LlPisTiCKS
$
|2S
SPARK RED . . . The clear red red that youH need for your daring **South American’* blues and reds, your vmd greens, your iwo-and-lhree-color combinations. Lasting, luscious, lovely . . . while the rich ingredients do beautiful things for the texture of your lips.
HEAVENLY RED . . . Tender, wwlful, divinely young Just made to bring out the soft tones of your gra^s and golds and beiges . . and the chivalry of your men folks. And* dospite its delicacy, like all Corday Unsticks, Its color and luster last incredibly^
HORIZON RED . . . Glowing, intense, vital . . . with a misty haze of blue that’s wonderfully adapted to nearly all your spring colors . . but especially glorious with black, navy or white. Emphasizes the fragility of fair complexions, and if you’re tanned, watch it bring out the gypsy in you!
Also available in Dawn Light, Sunset Medium, Rainbow Orchid, Dusk Raspberry, Twilight
COSMETIC SHOP Street Floor
KEEP COOL
in
FRESH SUMMER CLOTHES
• Palm Beach • Slacks • Dresses
It’s Economical to Have Them Done at
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
wmmkm
^ - ry ■>■ J tf^,^ I' , ■ '■. 'W ■ ’ “'
t^<#. Iii^ 2)), 194i
pt
fOK ^%r - .-
THERE’S ONE game you can strike from your Ifet if you wear our new
SLACKS AND SPOKI SHIfiTS from CEISLEK’S
And that’s the game of chance. You’re taking no gamble in buying these cool, smart-fitting Slacks and Sport Shirts.
They hold their shape ... they’re breezy light... and their value is so unusual that several are a real economy.
Slacks up Sport Shirts 1 up
in blue, tan and green ... and white.
Ensemble Suits $2.50 up Palm Beach Ties..$1.00 Interwoven Sox....35c up Cool Pajamas....$1.65 up Straw Hats $2.00 up
500MAIKST
CLOTHFS i^'r
Streamlined Venus
Home Ec Extension
(Contintied JErom page 1>
nestock pasture discussions, refectively. At a dinner meeting Wednes^^' S ing, Dr. F. D. Keim, tJnivetof Nebraska, spoke on “Essenof Agriculture Practice.”
I Liyesfock Judging Clinie Closin^today is a livestock judg-
ing clinic which started Monday. Open to coaches of commtmity livestock j'udging teams, 13 vocationai agriculture teachers from various parts of the state are enrolled for the non-credit course.
Instruction is offered in judging horses, beef cattle, dairy cattle, sheep, and hogs, with the following members of the Purdue animal husbandry department in charge of the respective classes: Prof. R. B. Cooley, Prof. C. P. Gobble, Prof. J. H. Hilton, Prof. J. T. Frost, :ind Prof. W. W. Smith. ProfesS'or Smith is in charge of the course.
Her clothes molded by*'the slipstream of a plane taking off, Veronica Lake stands (against the fuselUge of one of the Army Air Corps’ sleek, speedy pursuit ships^ Pretty, streathlined and sleek herself, Veronica is the honey-haired beauty who is exciting moviegoers with Her performance in Pnramount’s air thriller. “I Wanted Wings,” starting Sunday at the Lafayette Theatre, starring Ray Milland, William Holden, Wayne Morris, and Brian Donlevy.
Catholics Observe Fducher Birth Date
lowing a solemn high mass in the Hall of Music.
Celebrating the ,200th anniver:!^ sary of the birth of Anthony Foucher at the old Fort Ouiatenon, southwest of Lafayette of the Wabash river, the Lafayette deanery union. Catholic Holy Name societies, will sponsor a banquet in the Union Building June' 29, fol-
Anthony Foucher was the first man to be ordained a priest on American soil. It was recently announced that /a Catholic founda-r tion house would be erected in West Lafayette bearing his name. Visiting civil and ecclesiastical dignitaries will be the guests of the Rt. Rev. John F. Noll, Ft. Wayne.
the Purdue Exijonent
Service Directory
Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE
409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards
Unirersil'y Book Store
M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "E3oc" Epple '40
Indiana Lamb Gain
Noted At 4-H Show
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
In the Good Old Summer Time
you can be comfortable and look prim if you depend on CROWN to look after your summer clothes^ , Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits.
riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hillf On the Comer
• Chicago Poultry Meeting Indiana poultrymen art taking ab active part in the dimual National Poultry Improvement Conference, which got Under way Wednesday in Chicago. Among those who attended are Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the poultry department; W. P. Albright and William Kohlmeyer, extension poultrjnnen; S. A. Coliver, field manager of the poultry improvement prO^am of the State Poultry Association of Indiana; and Hobart Crei^ton, Warsaw, nationally known poultryman. While in Chicago, Dr. Martin and Creighton appeared on WLS Dinner Bell radio program, Wednesday noon, discussing the Indiana poultry situation aiid features of the recent Indiana egg legislation. Creighton, a member of the Indiana General Assembly, had an active part in formulating the new egg legislation. The thirteenth annual Rutid Leadership School will open on the University campus Monday, and continue through Saturday. The purpose of ^the school is to give timely training to rmal leaders, and particularly to teacheirs, club leaders, and ministers. The school is under the direction of Prof. O. F. Hall, of the education department. Registration Mohday will be in the main lobby of I the Umon Buildlhg. Dean H. J. Reed of the agrietJlture school will deliver an address to the first assembly Monday afternoon.
INDIANAPOLIS, June 19.—Today as Hoosier 4-H club members herded Indiana’s, finest sheep foT the annual Hoosier Market Lamb Club show at the Indianapolis Stock Yards, concrete evidence was pr^ sented of the improvement brought about in Indiana sheep through the co-operative effort of the Purdue University agriculture extension service, the 4-H clubs, and the Indianapolis Stock Yards. Not more than 15 years ago Hoosier lamb meat was considered the poorest in the Midwest. Today it is ranked as among the best in the world. Boys and girls from 23 Indiana counties entered the show with some 377 lambs.
M
‘o
1,^ ti^^yioiksbiL,
Friday, Tune 20, }941
Dear Students; Never before have you had the advantages of enjoying as much leisure time as you will have in Summer School. As you have probably foimd out so fair," Summer School differs with regular school in that you are a lazy student . . . and when we say "lazy" we mean it in the sense that you have more time to be "lazy". So when you are wondering what you will do this summer, drop over to the Union and see what's going on. • (Signed)
^'‘‘Putter” in the Puttering Room ^^Browz^^ in the Browsing Room ‘"‘Sweet” in the Sweet Shop
7\
J. W. ValL
ei^
P. M. U.
Relax in the Music Room “Relax in he Music Room’’ Drop in and play your favorite symphonies, operas, or composite selections. Hundreds of records of -classical selections which all go in to make up one of the biggest collections of classical music ever assembled. Music by the Great Artists of the Baton
Oi
fh.
Union Cafeteria • Grille Lounge Coffee Shop • Chestnut Room
Catch lip on Your Back Reading in
While spending some of your leisure moments in summer school, be sure to stop in at the Browsing Room, pick out one of your favorite fictions, and read to your heart’s content.
From the light sandwich to the big Sunday dinner . . . Quick service.Glean—spotlessly clean —large selection of food to choose your meals from, and longer hours of obtaining the food. The Cafeteria is open from 5:30 to 7:30.
No heavy exertion or hot exercise in the| cool basement of the Union. The Bowling Alleys are open this summer, and it is exer- . cise you want, think of the Bowling AUeys!
ALL TO BE HAD AT
UNION
Purdue’s
to meet, converge and have
The Corner of the Campus^Yet the Center of College Activities