i I \
*
m
'COLLEGE AT WAR' Film Shows Activity At University
Established 1889
BOILERMAKEi Net Squad Loses Man To Navy
Volume 55/ No. 68
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, |anuary 8, 1943
Sen iors To Parade In Cords At Ohio State Game
Exponent Will Launch Circulation ^"9"'
_ ■ _ . , Celebration in Fieldhouse During
\
Half-Time Saturday, January 23
Campaign Tomorrow Afternoon
t Workers To Start Canvass For Subscriptions At One By Bill Wendell Approximately fifty determined Exponent workers will canvass the whole of West Lafayette tomorrow afternoon in an endeavor to put an Exponent in every home. The campaigners will leave the office shortly after 1 p. m. They ^^ilI be divided into gangs and assigned to various blocks throughout the village, and will be instructed to approach every housewife and the man- =
Purple Heart Award Given To Former
Students Will Receive
University Student Rfi^unds When Celled
ager of every building. This semester’s Exponent will be a war paper, and will endeavor to print as much news as possible about former students’ and- townspeople’s activities in the war effort. Moreover, All staff members will be expected to report to the Exponent office promptly at 1 o’clock tomorrow to help in the Subscription drive. This includes the freshmen, sophomores and juniors on all staffs. —HOSKINS with the increasing number of men in the armed forces training here, the.Exponent will endeavor to print an ever-increasing amount of news about and for these men. Due to its close contact with events in Washington through President Elliott, the Exponent will be in a good position to tell the campus of event which piomise to affect stuent activities and student lives. With the aid of this contact in Washington, the Exponent, before vacation, was able to scoop the nation’s papers twice. Snbscriplion Rate To Remain Same Subscription rates will be the same as la.st semester—!fl.75 per semester for papers delivered in West Lafayette, and $1.85 for papers sent by mail. The Exponent is now sending a great many papers out to men in army camps all over the U. S. and to men fighting in other paits of the woild. Subscriptions will be sent anywhere. Papers will be published four days a week this semester—on Tuesday, Thursday, Fi iday and Sunday. Al Stewart Announces Rehearsal Schedule For Musical Groups Albert P. Stewait, director of the University Musical Organizations, has announced a new schedule for rehearsals to be effective this semester. This schedule will concern ike Glee Club, Orchesti a. University Choir and the Concert Choir. The new schedule will be as follows: Monday—4:00-6:15, Glee Club. Monday—4:00-5:30, Orchestra. Tuesday—4:00-5:30, Un Ivors ity Choii’. Wednesday—4:00-5:30, Glee Club. Thui sday—4:00-5:30, Concert Choir. Thursday—7:00-9:00, Orchestra. , Students who desiie to try out for any of the musical oiganizations may make arrangements by calling at the Musical Organizations’ Office in the Music Hall at their earliest convenience. The various oiganizations under Stewart’s and Joe Ragains’ direction play an active part in the activities on the campus. The Glee Club in particular achieved national 'recognition last summer by winning second' place in a nation-wide contest for college men’s glee clubs. Carl Booster . . , director of housing research, will discuss “Future Trends in Housing” at the regular monthly meeting of the Tippecanoe County unit of Better Homes in America.
Students Will Meet For Marksmanship Class In Fieldhouse Intramural Games To Climax Classes In preparation for the requirements of the armed forces and in order to organize a campus wide iifle competition and varsity team, classes in rifle marksmanship are being organized. A meeting of all interested students will be held at 7:15 p. m. tonight in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. It is emphasized'by those organizing the activity that due to the limited accommodations tor practice that only those who wish to compete in intramiual contests should participate in the classes. Classes will be given for eight weeks, each one-hour class meeting once a week between four and six p. m. and on Saturdays between one and five p. m. Approximately equal numbei of organized and independent students will be accepted in order that all campus groups may be represented in intramural competition. Each fraternity will be allowed three members in the classes who have not received previous rifle instiuction. Students who have obtained honors in iifle matches or who have had some expeiience in iifle matches are urged to try out for varsity rifle team immediately for which matches are being arranged. After the eight-week classes have been completed, intramural competitions will be held and membeis of the winning fiaternity and independent teams will shoot for all-campus championship. High scorers of the competition will then he picked foi varsity competition. Students who place high in this competition have an equal chance for varsity shooting with those who come out tomoirow. In order to paiticipatc in the intramural contests students must have attended these classes or have attended the classes held last semester by NRA, ROTC or U. S. Aimy instructors. Cincinnati Professor Will Address AChS Monday Evening Prof. John F. Kahles of the University of Cincinnati, chemical engineeiing division, will speak on “Alloys from Powdered Metals”, at a meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society Monday evening at 7:30 in Room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall. Kahles, who is considered an authority on the subject of powdered metals, will use a large collection of exhibit matei ial foi illustration of his talk. Pi of. Kahles will be the guest of honor at a dinnei at 5:66 p. m. in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union. All those in attendance at the annual Agi'icultural Conference aie invited. Plates for the dinner, at 76 cents each, can be reserved by calling or writing F. J. Allen, Chemistry Building.
First Lieut. Gerald J. Dix, 1939 graduate in electrical engineering from the University, who was awarded the Pin pie Heart for his exploits as an Air Corps Pilot in the South Pacific war zones, has returned to this country on a fur-
lough.
Dix was aboard the ill-fated aircraft carrier Langley when it was sunk by Jap bombers in the Java Sea. In this battle he received a scar on his left check under the ear,” which is the only visible mark the war has left on him. The squadron flew their fighters to Peith, Australia, anc} boarded the Langley, bound for Java, three thousand miles distant. Dix got his first taste of war when the Langley was fifty miles off the island of Java and sixteen Jap bombers roared to the attack, scoring five direct hits. Dix was on the bridge of the Langley when it blew up and had to stay in the water with the other wounded,some time before the two escorting destroyers were able to pick him up. Thirty-one of his fellow officers were picked up by the other destroyer which was never heard from and all have been given up for lost. The wounded of the one destroyer were disembarked at Christmas Island, which was immediately bombed by the Japs, forcing a hurried withdrawal. The wounded were put aboard the tanker Pecos under cover of night, but the next day were subjected to a four hour bombing by about fifteen Jap planes. Seven or eight hits were scored before the Pecos went down. Dix, aided by a life vest and a piece of wood under each arm, floated in oil and gas-saturated water about four hours before he was picked up. The destroyed finally made port and Dix was placed in a hospital, where he remained for two months. Assigned to another squadron, Dix was in action around Port Moresby without leave or rest until October 29 when he was granted his furlough. ' Prof. Halik Will Play At Violin Concert For University Club Prof. Glen Halik of the General Engineering Depaitment, a widely lecognized concert violinist, will appear before the Univeisity Club and faculty members and their wives Monday, Jan. 18, from 8 to 9 p. m. in the music loom of the Union. Mrs. Halik, also an accomplished musician, will entertain with several piano numbers as well as serve as accompanist. The musical program will be followed liy dancing and
cards.
Piof. Halik’s musical career began at the age of five, and at the age of twelve he was teaching violin. He has studied and taught at several universities and was foimerly a member of the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and concert master of the Stockton, Calif., Symphony. Mrs. Halik also has had wide teaching experiences in college and else-
where.
Lutheran Students . . . will have a party at the home of Reverend Stolldoif at 7:30 p. ni. Sunday, Jan. 10. His home is at 620 NoHh Ninth St. on the Monon Shops bus route across from Jefferson High School. This is the first meeting of the semester and all new students are especially urged to come and get acquainted.
Winter Term Enrollment Exceeds Expectations Of University Prof. F. C. Ho'ckema, assistant to the president, has announced a plan for the refunding of fees to students who withdraw from the University because of being inducted into military service. The plan became effective last Monday. The amount of fees refunded will be proportional to the number of weeks remaining in the term at the date of withdrawal providing this date is -
prior to the ninth week. Underclassmen called after the eighth week will be given “I” grades in those courses which they are currently passing. Last term seniors will be given permanent grades based on their
Amount of Refund Withdm^I Res. Non-Res. Students During: Students Engineers Others First week $49 . $120 $95 Second week 45 110 90 Third week 40 100 80 Fourth week .35 90 70 Fifth week 30 80 60 Sixth week 25 70 55 Seventh week 20 65 50 Eighth week 20 55 40 standing in the respective courses at the time of withdrawal. ' RegispL-ation at the University for the winter term totaled 5,037 students when it closed Tuesday night, F. C. Hockenia, assistant to the president, announced 'today. This figure compares to 5,691 at the same time last year, indicating a drop of about 500 to 600 in attendance, much less than was anticipated by University officials. Total registration for this term is expected to be between 5,600 and 6,000 as several hundred aie in the process of registering and 115 “engineering cadettes” studying Aeronautical Engineering, arc to enroll February 14 for a special 10 months’ course. The number of men students totaled 3,932 against 4,529 a year ago and the number of women students totaled 1,105 against 1,162. The number of new students reached the surprising figure 'of 342, about three times the usual number of mid-year entrants. The total number of freshmen now is 1,863; sophomores, 1,068; juniors, 935, and seniors, 952. The enrollment of graduate students dropped from 266 to 169. Maury Mahn To Play For Mixer Saturday Next Saturday night will see the fust of the regular series of weekly Union Mixers for the Winter term. Maury Mahn will play for the opener this week. Mahn’s band is well known on the campus. He played for sevei'al mixers last semestei and was well liked by the campus dance fans Final Distribution Of Debris Today Debris office in the Union will be open from 4 o’clock to 5:30 every afternoon for those who have not vet received their copy of the Debris. This includes those who have made full and partial payments; however, none will be sent to those who are out of school if the book hasn’t been completely paid for. When calling for the Debris be sure and bring either sales receipt or
passport.
There are a very limited number of copies which will be available for $6.00, but anyone who is interested in buying one must sign a preference list in the Debris office.
Bibliography Pays Tribute To Work Of Cheiu Department Tribute to the chemistry department of the University was paid in a recently published bibliography of achievements in chemistry over the past 12 years. Nearly a dozen reports from the chemical field originating at the University were listed by Prof. Lloyd' McKinley, the author, who is from the University of Wichita. Development of Hydrocarbons Among those reports listed were the development of cyclopropane, a new anaesthetic by Dr. H. B. Hass, department head, and others; the work with hydrocarbons by Dr. H. B. Hass and Dr. E. T. McBee, from which has. sprung a new industry; work by Dr. W. A. Bitenbender, Dr. E. F. Degering and others on bactericidal properties of commercial antiseptics; and articles by Degering and Padgett which reported work done here on detergents of kerosene. The same publication also lists articles by Dr. H. R. Kraybill, former head of agricultural chemistry, and members of his staff, on soybean oil and various phases of work done here in this field. University Issues Certificates For War Training Courses Twenty-six men and women in Lafayette have completed and received certificates for three war training courses conducted by the University. M. E. Nundel, associate professor of industrial engineering; S. B. Elrod, drawing instructo;-, and John R. Clai'ke, electrical engineering instructor, taught the
classes.
The following received certificates ill motion and time study, which stressed the inter-relationships of motion and time in industrial occupations: William McDowell, Robert McCown, Gordon Hawkins, Rex Daugherty, L. D. Miller, Arthur Lahr, Luella Mundel and Karl John, State Soldiers Home, all of Lafayette; Harry Divell and DeVon Alter. Engineering drawing developed manipulative and technical ability with instruments and skill in making accurate and complete detailed drawings. The ability to visualize for originality was emphasized. The following received certificates: Dorothy Sieb, Donald Yahne, William Ingram, Saia Rush, Lawrence O’Brien, Miriam Shoaf, Avanelle Davisson, Donald Batlett and Mae Clinger. The thii’d course covered the basic principles of electrical engineering as applied to common direct-current circuits and devices, stressing the us'e of these principles in technical situations. Certificates were awarded to Virgil Kelly, James Cessel, Harry Ratcliff, Ray Butler, Ray Scifres, Frank Jones and Luther
Linse.
Coeds March In Regulation Yellow Skirts; Traditional Dance After Battle To Climax Events Seniors who expect to graduate in August will have a chance to parade in their traditional costpmes and even toss derbies at the Ohio State game here in th^Fieldhouse on January 23. This, along with some general rules and ^^er|tions bearing on it, was decided Tuesday afternoon by the senior board of
the Student Senate.
A committee is now trying to get a special reserved senior ^ block at this game in order to
reduce confusion and help the general effect when the firat Boilermaker field goal is made and the derbies go into action. All senior coeds will wear their new cord skirts while eds in that class will be garbed in the usual cords, derbies and mustaches and be
carrying canes.
Parade At Half Time The senior parade will be held at half time and all seniors as well as other persons are asked to stay off the basketball floor. The parade will pass around the edges of the court with the usual signs and banners but without the elaborate ffoats and automobiles which are present ofcit of doors in the fall. This stipulation is made because of the small space and inadequate facilities to take care of large objects such as floats in the space where the seniors Will
march.
Senior Cords To Attend Mixer A senior cord dance in the Union after the game will climax the evening attractions. This will be free to all seniors, both male and female, and their dates providing the escorting seventh and eighth termc-rs are wearing cords and have their passports with them. The band is, as yet, unannounced. Mustache shaving and cord hiding and painting will not be campuswide in scope this term but each fraternity or other organizations such as co-op houses and the residence halls may make their owm rules concei miig this provnding they don’t break any existnig regulations. These actions are I'estricted to off-campus places. This scheduled plan %\i!l attempt to give ihe seniors who will graduate before fall a seaiblaucc of the color and tradition which they would miss otherwise due to the present stepped-up program.
Ag Schoool To Show
libits. Posters For Conference Growers Will Hold
Banquet Wednesday In connection with the Agricultural Conference being held here next week, the Agricultural School is giving several exhibits bringing out the various ideas to be stressed
at the conference.
In room 257 of the Union Building there are four different displays which will be pen to • the public Monday through Wednesday. On the north side is an animated exhibit on corn borer control. Posters and animated displays will be used to bring out the various points. On the east side of the room are posters made by the women from the Home Economics Club of Carroll County. The posters show the number of quarters of garden and orchard products that these clubs have canned and stored, each one
averaging 6,000 quarts. Posters Are Being Displayed
Posters of the Home Economics Extension from the U. S. Agricultural Home Economics Division are on the west side of the room. They show the various household articles that are made of rubber and the methods of vegetable cookery which preserve vitamins, and protein
value of food.
On the south side are poultry exhibits, showing many labor saving devices to be used on the farm, and the use of wood in home-made equipment instead of metal. At the Home Economics Building, there is a display on dried and dehydrated fruits. Dried meats,' eggs, milk, and vegetables are also included in the display. In the hall on the second floor a dryer will be demonstrated on Tuesday and Wednesday that can be used in the home by the housewives to dry their own fruits. The dryer is electric with a thermostat control. Ill the Faculty Lounge of the Union Building, the Indiana Corn Growers Association will hold its annual show, Monojay through Thursday. The champion grains of the farmer’s crops are to be shown, corn, soybeans, oats, wheat, barley, clover, alfalfa, and lespedeza. The theme of this exhibit will be “Victory Varieties.” A banquet will be given Wednesday evening- when the awards and presentations for the display will be given. Display Shows Uses For Plywood The uses of plywood are being shown in a display at the Agricultural Engineeiing Building. This exhibit has been shown all over the United States; however, it is the first time it will be displayed in Indiana. Emphasis is given to the use of plywood in farm buildings for which it is supposedly far superior to wood, although plywood is still in the experimental stage.
Coed Rush All coeds who are going through rush should register tomorrow morning between 9 and 12:30 in room 355 of the Union, and a mass meeting for all those girls who are going through rush and register will be held at 4 tomorrow jifternoon in room 353 of the Union.
More Sailors Arrive At University During Christmas Vacation Company eight, consisting of 225 sailors who arrived “aboard ship” at the Naval Training School at the University on Christmas Eve, began class work last Tuesday. The entme contingent came from the Naval Training Station at Great Lakes, 111. The 197 men who graduated from the school as members of Company four last month have now been assigned to advanced training or duty with the fleet. Di-afts from this class went to Norfolk, Va.; New Yoik City; Boston, Mass.; Porl;land. Me.; New Orleans, La., and San Francisco, Calif. They have been assigned to submarine chaser schools, ordnance instruction, gyrocompass schools, amphibious and landing craft training stations and - to duty with task units of the fleet. Six Men Retained Six graduates, selected on a basis of scholax-ship and leadership, have been retained at the school for duty as instructors and petty offieers. They are: Charles E. Banks, Indianapolis; Horace R. Benedict, Crewe, Va.; William W. Berquist, Gilbert, Minn.; Harold E. Casler, Jackson, Mich.; Jack H. Katt, Ferrysburg, Mich., and Harold D. Miller, Qrackett, Tex. These men, together •with those selected from previous companies, are working under the direction of Electrician John H. Malloy, instruction officer.5ft J
9
Purdue Exponent
Friday, January S, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Oif^ces Editorial and Business Purdue Mer^orial Union, Phone 4005 Sporrs, Pieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377 ^
Editor
Bnsincss Mananer News Editor
Manaeine Editor
Senior Adv
idvertisinc Manager
Shorts ^itor Coed Editor
Cow* ftU'ditess KOTCittfvc
William G Hoskins Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinkle Dale E Hutz James G Petty Joseph S no'» son Sally Beall A Jane Keim
Publication Staff Kditorial Staff Associate Editors L 7 Cajlor 7 1 Riclnrison T t, Tilton W H IVson W L \ erm hon M L ort ith C C Martin dell E Murphy Coed Siaff-' Phyllis Mann Martha I ce Riggs Carolyn Wilbur E aine Ahrens Sports Staff C Sonards J Ackerman D Shrjer R Smith
Business Staff Assistant AdsertiSinjr litanager 7 R Ipi Advertising Managers I Flexon C Ga int 7 McCullough J Tabb Circulation Manager W RcektenwsI 1 Accounts Manager Mary DilW
The l*ardue independent
Editor in Chief
Bert Squier
Staff for This Issue Night Editdr Martindfell Shbtts Pditot Sowards Day Editor Mann Issue Editor Ahhett Reporters For the Bajnes Stcphci son Rags Jordan Smeltzer Tuttle Hnhn Pttdrsort Sommers Gregoiy Speck
Entered a^ sec n 1 matt r at the p t < IT co in I afay ette Indiana undei the ct ( Congress of Marcl 1 1879 and at tile special rate f postage pros de 1 for in section nils act of October ! 191 author zc1 Jartiaiy 20 1922 Publislied on Tucs las fhursdai Pr laj an I S inday rnoinings during th yeai D 1 ver 1 loti llv 1> ca r er foi liil ^ for a semester or 99 00 f r t lo stme ter ly i S I fgr %2 00 for a semester oi S>3 0 foi two sen estc s Represent d foi i ati nal Ivert n" by Nat onal Advert s 11 g Service lii t llegu Pill s U ir s ntative 120 Madison Ave New Yorl N Y
‘An Exponent For The Duration
The Ratio
3.55 ... to 1
TILI M0R1< SIUI-l Delta Chi Jim Govti j,ot into the swing of things i> pii unglitshmin Rostmai v Wadt
J IJOIlltRL’i LO\lSguioh Ihcta Chi and ‘ load to his moie uiti n it( fi lends took the lesson oi I lothcily lovt to heait by pinning biothti John ( aitti s littk sistei while pending a quiet Xmas it home
YEAH’ WL COT 1‘INS TOO One ol them thai Passion Pit gals got to Thett Chi Mac Lehman just bcloic v Ration and talked him out of his pin Said Alpha ( hi talkci being none othei than Mary Jane Snidei Good job well done Chi O, and head Debus woman Dotty Ragsdale is the maiket foi a chain to hook up Dave Heekaid s Triangle pm with hei own Poi off campus job two Phi Taus Paul Ntuhousei and Ray H igei came back with pleabcd looks on then faces
qbe VttSHIK^TOK
Retj U V Pd O <
merry-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEAliSON
Superior ShipbuiBding Gives U. S. Decided Nava! Advantage Over Japs In Pacifit Battle
Tomorrow afternoon the Exponent will attempt to stage its biggest subsciiption cam paign m many \ eai s in an effoi t to oflPset financial difficulties aiising liom the wai—lack oi advertising, high puces etc Many well-established, financially sound papers thioughout the nation have closed their doois and silenced then piesses dining the last yeai because of these ‘-ame factois But he Exponent fully intends, with yoin sup poi t, to keep going sti ong thi oughout the wai T’ e college papei satisfies a veiy definite neea on campuses throughout the countiy m oioviding a balance and a medium of exchange of ideas between faculties and students This need is especially apparent now in the piesent world Cl ISIS, when all long established institu■^lons aie necessaiily undergoing many changes Universities aie stieam lining and intensi fymg couises now to help fill |he need for trained men m officei positions, and to allow as many students as possible to finish university couises Quite naturally, howe\ ei the university is apt to disregard the students and his needs in such a program, letting the acceleration go voo fai Students and uni\ eisity officials need the papei to create a mutual exchange and understanding of ideas The Exponent does its best to fulfill these needs, and has pio\ed successful recently in keeping its leaders mfoimed of latest government ordeis affecting the community You, the leadei, can help the Exponent carry on this work foi the duration by subscribing foi youi campus papei, and by pationizmg its advertisers during youi stay at Purdue —w g h
RINGING IN THE NEW YEAR The usual benci jlence mstilkcl by the holidaj s in the aveiagc male has shown up again as the van ous coeds diift back to the campus In plain English lotsa guys got tied down Notable echoes among these iingings tie Delta Gamma Maigc Ridell who was eoineied by Jim Wet zel Acacia and Jean Thompson likewise D G off campus job
CHI O PANTAbY Phyllis Mann of guess what house took a pin ovei the vacation but >oui 1 cjhole listenei hasn t le lined why she gave it b r1 befoit letuinmg Ilowevei Miss Mann made this statement ioi publication 1 w int everyone (fieshmcn too) to know th it 1 m in he market loi dates
ANSWER rO \ lANTAbY S PRAA ER When told of Miss Manns desiie Joi the stiongci sex Iheti Ghi pledge Stan Wainei ^tated 111 put my pledge pin on the fust he iiity queens who asks 1 c even if it is Phyllis’
GRII<rAND> BEAR IT
WASHINGTON—High naval officials, following the ‘third loiind of the Solomons battle male this ap piai<tal of present lelativo sticngth of Japanese and U S foi CCS The naval battles of summei and fall have insulted in such heavy losses on both sides that the long lange effect IS a wai of attiition in which the winnei even tually IS the one who has something left aftei the hdavy sinkings This shoflrtd make the United States definitely superior if only because ol her superior production facilities Even supposing every unit of the U S fleet, as December 7, 1941, were sunk, together with every unit of the Japanese fleet, the odds woilld be in our favor This is because our production ratio ranges between 6 1 and 10 1 In othei wolds even those U S naval units which are being piodilced most slowly aie being pjoducocl ( times as fast as similai units oi the Japanese and thos6 being pioduced most lapidly aie being pioduced 10 times as fast as the Japanese In lact new U S naval vessels aie being completed as lapidly as the N ivy has peisonnel to man them Today the U S Navy has acciuate infoimation ibout Japanese pioduetion facilities This is because Japan iclied laigCly on Ameiican engineeis and in dusti lal consult ints ind those Amei ic in expel ts h ive now been summoned to W ishington wheie they seive as advispis to the milit uy high comm ii d This wai of ittiition togethei witli the f ict thit our majol effort is concGnti itod in Eiuope meins that the victory may not comt in the Picitic foi some time In fiet some nual oxpiits thn 1 it m v bt dttidcd moio by U S ships not \et (ommissiontd tlian by those now soiViilg in (he Pacific Nolc llu Navy notices i reduclion in quahlj of both Jip irese fliers and lapmtsi pi nies \s oile olli cer puls it Ihey aie now playing with their second feam Best Jap aviatois ptobibly wcie lost when 1 Jap einieis weie unk at Midway It t ikes months of training to product a good pilot in iinhody s conn tri « Democr^icy In U.S. Army
University Calendar
El 11 V F r 8 S itu d ^ Jan ) Sun 1 ly Ti 10
In the sjnuce wilekiness of the Yul on 'leiiitoi'\ distinguished guests witnessing the oiicmng ol the Alasl in highw ly weie 1 edded down in i lon^, doimi toiV 111 c ban itlcs Outside the tempci itui was well lielow 7eio Inside a negiopin ito 1 ad lien assigni 1 17 1 e ep the til ( goin,, ill niglil Bug Gen Junes \ 0 Gonno eomn indiiif, the Noithwest Stivice Commind i Inch constiuctcd the highw ly had lolkd uji in his lecping 1 ig when the negio eamc i to the ban ul s i souvoni piog an it the ceiemon cs stiekii g out ol h s bad pod ct lor several moments lu cved the gtneials quiet form then he walked over uid gently shool the sleep ing bag General suh he said will you put yuh n ime on my progiam toi me’ Gen O Connor pu hed back (he fl ip of the sleeping bag, blinked his eyes Whatdiousay loiingman’ The soldier lepeated ins lequed Sure I will said the general So climbing out of his sleepin„ ba„ in his long underweai the commanding ^.entral put on his spec lades got his fountain pen iiom his jacket and auto graphed the program Canadian Cabinet Mini tei Ian Mackenzie and Ed Baitlett Secictiiy oi A1 isk i witched the incidcn fiom thou own sleeping bags Saul Baitlett Imagine in incidoi t lie tl it oe cui 1 ing in any of the Axis nations' • Curley's New Home One of the tiist Congressmen elect to put in his bid foi an office iftei Nov j w is il\ei th itshe 1 Janies M Cuiley foimoi goveinot ot Missuhisotts and mayoi of Boston Gene Kinally secietuy ot II lusc \I ijoi itv Itidei John McCoimad who h uulkd the ii ittei 1 itei i tormed Curley th it he hid obt lined i suite on the seventh floor ol th New llous Oflice Bu Iding Does it have i commanding \iew of the city ’ f inky inquiied n the deep lumblii g \oice that ii c 1 to enthrall Eoui th ol July luiiunccs in Mi idui setts No Cover noi i eplied Kin illy hut y ou w ill h u c in excellent \ cw it the emit in the cenLti ot the huilelmg e Playing Politics Vice Pie idcnt W illacc who doe n t get mad c is ily w IS o 11 iced at the unde 1 c ivci It w i politic pliycl by the W u Produdion Bond ind Uu Otfee ot Piiet Adininisti ition apiiointet s th it 1 e wiot 1 tte I mt it to Don lid Nelson uid I eon Hendeison 111 Iowa He ndei son an I Ndsor ni igiianinn isly e eoided (,ovcinoi Gcoige Wilson the ipfiointment ol dPA and WPB local offici ils Litei Republic in Wil on turned aiouiid uid i in fen the Seiiite ig lUjst Dtmoiiitii iiicuml eiiL ( lydt Heiiing Dining llu e impaigii OI^A uid WPB ofliei ils weit lepoited w )il II g until ivi i igainsL Iltiiing i I toi (lOVt 11101 Wilson the min who qipoii te I llu 11 Piue A Inimisti ilion ollici ils lu in taiue wen le ported giviiij the win] to pi opk w h i wei t piolt sling iga n t g 1 oliiU lationiiig ind s lying th iL the thii „ to do w IS ck in house in Washing Lon llimy Will ci helling those 1 ept its passed them on 111 1 ( iineeitun teims to Nilson and Ilendeison \oti^ One reason why Henekison s name is mud on ( ipilol Hill IS the (act (hat lu ptinultiel RtpuhlRan goieriiois to ippoiiil OI’A oflitials who Dll) mix in polities II Ihti had kept out the kicks would not halt re idled the piesent stage wheie llendeison s tu turi politieal \alut isii t worth i wooden nielul ® Merry-Go-Round J he (icimins aie living to scan I i ineo out ti in il mg i e mmeieial deal to sell us eeitun eiiticil mateiial which hive been going to Geiminy Pi letically cvciy young t tliei i in the Navy Depait mentliK i asking to letive duty ind mai y ue j. e L ting it Y ves 1 WAVl S ue ie])laemg them 1 he \ ivy I nitons i ji its Iqis so tij ht il out ship movenunt th t win n i pietuie w is itle ised shov n„ sailois 1 u 1 mg o\ 11 i ship s side at the unmislako ihk skyline of New York it w is 1 ihtkd meiely Ai living it m I a t f oa tpoit‘ Thei e were ehuckks when handsome Senatoi Join ( onnally ol Texts thid ed Senatoi Bennett Cl uk ol Missouii tor tilihustei mg against the? Mexic m claims hill by lepeited quoiuin calls A week pitvious ( onnally used the s ime tutus hiinselt to hi itje the poll t ix bill (Copyiight 194 by United Featuie Syndic ite Int )
JhjL QkuMhsA.
r
t u I ything foi a ( i Hi ge fduiulion DEAC’S
W tski I oun ! iti n 1 -si lit Sliect Sim lay 0 0—A Stulent flmieli Seliool met L it We It v 1 n ' 1 iG m Begmnm t ns ‘'Uiu i t \o J il le cl sts will t of c t 1 1 ho ( le U Ideis ol (he 1 ible w 11 le t ui ht Iv Plot D IT r ttei )i u 1 V Skepti Joels it the 1 il le w ll 1 e t 111 hi I \ I ev r i B ilsk^ 10 10—Moinii Ivoi ’ p t the Chinch Chameey ml Soili St Doctoi Otto ScoU S tele 11 speal o the the ne f eitve Pi lycr Spet ll in ic \ ill be Ici c 1 I y the tho all 1 m Vi esl y \ e i Ul s pci 10 I w 11 1 e 1 \ I i Jc lo \ sh p si Pi ei L i I 0 e (1 t 0 Vl ( 10 Di Lame ice II Iley i ill speal on Moi t 11 f ; IV Pod ot u ICC In t 10 te nt w ll i t to 1
LIMA
TODAY and TOMORROW
I nn 11 site ( I c 71 tc 1 1 ( i t h ^ 19 n 1 ( 1 ll l 0 iO S \ 1 e I 10 ) C uiitl tee \ ■'7 1 i \ V e It 1 tl (Set ( lit P lit b ! i^e i)
TOMORROW BUY V'AR rONDS AND STAMPS AT THIS IHbATRE
No Man Fv r 1 cinnj a Cu e for I''c Lw c ef TcnJcI y/./. -jy/zu.
piooieo liiH ^€0
60'9U
FRANK MORGAN RICHARD CARLSON REGINALD OWEN
vHENRY 0 NEILL
\ V c or ' ^
5 DAYS Sfarfing Tomorrow
Just Looking Around By Jack Abbett and Jim Richaidson
England is facing a pioblem in relation to her milk supply According to actual Biitish estimates 40 pei cent of the island’s 3,500,000 daily cattle have tubeiculosib Even though only a fairly small pet cent ot this milk is shipped and all infected cov s do not gi\ e infected milk, the situation is still serious All bulk milk is suspected because of indiscriminate mi>mg and this is blamed foe a 45 pei cent incicase in dearths of British children undci 10 fiom tubeiculosis This situation cannot easily be lemedied because immediate laughter of infected nnmnls would i educe the
p ecuii milk shujilv banliiqit nnny dniymen make In e de minds on p iblic lu ids ind docieiso the amount ot manine oi winch most Biitish fnineib c epon 1 cn tiiely 101 tei till ci
‘At least m civilian life I vvoulda got some letteis^—this is the 1st of the month am t il ^
Bia7i nn of eiils hi\e lecciith iclcasel mloimition which tells ol i pioiected vi i niv^sioi on South Ainciiea sometime last ve u Gen ei ll Niedcnluh Nizi inihtuy it lache m Ri 7 dc laneno In 1 been witched ly the stitc police loi some fin c I ccause ot h s aetniti m 01 aniziii-, so eilled shootin cluls y le it eluls youth oi '^n mitions ind c\on gli ki clubs thiougl out thn co ntiy s pi ox mitc million pcojik ol Coiimii lescent lie s il o si 1 li hue oigani/cd piopi ind i mil espion a^e tiuiele iui tie flu d Re eh Invision was to nive come by n ude I by filth colimn u ly pcia ten s 1 ut pi cl illy stalk 1 1 oe uist e I difficulties ciicoemle el m 1 i si i
\m i 1 1 s( ( iti 1 Opel it f 71 le I nee B si tl ill ( t g \ ! I ( nv le ition
ARC
TODAY ihru SATURDAY
fgm m TME COtUMBIA '■'CT"'*'
— and — CAESAR ROMERO and CAROLE LANDIS in GENTLEMAN AT HEART — PLUSPERILS OF NYOKA CHAPTER 7 — ALSO — LATEST PATHfc NEWS
-TODAY-
TWO FIRST RUN HITS n S GAY GPAND AND GA' C'’10US RHYTHM P4RADE —PLuS— ARMY SURGEON — \/ith — j/ ME5 FL! iSON JANC WYATe
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT 111:15
Now!... The show you'll talk about long after you've stopped laughing!
' WALTER SIEZAK
ALBERT BASSERMAN
— COMING — WORLD PREMIERE 'HITLER'S CHILDREN'
... in peace and war
This I'lnlile 111 IS Imiiliii lliKin^liniii ||u mlion is tim symbol ol i W( II ll iim (I 1 iiii iiiU ite 4 loi si i \ k t ifl pe u t Ol w II — I 111 11(11 lel(|)lioii( Sy teiii
1 AmeiKiii hlijilione ik 11 l( i ijih (o (ooidiniU ill Be ll S\ sl( 111 i< tiv ilii
2 Pw( lity OIK \iso( I it( (i ( oiiijMiii( |ii oy i(l( l( 1( jilioiii SOI vie ( in lli< II o\v 11 l( 11 itoi i( s
3 The 1 on^ 1 iiK s I)( |i II tim Ml (4 \ I \ | ]i mdli s long dislane e iiul o\( isi is e 41
4 Bell lebplioiie 1 ilioiiloii s iiiins on si n ntifu i( sf ail h ind de V( lo|)ni( iil 5 W< st( 1 n I l( < ti i( ( o IS tin m uiiil u 1 m ing piii (li ising and disti ilinliie unit
llic bone bis ol tin n ilion widi seiyni piovieleel by tlieso (oiTi|) uiK s IK rnyeiseielou is in linn ol y\ n
WAR CALLS COME FIRSTi i
Jdn^af^ 1943
Boilertntileer Sports
i ' P4gif
Nc^tmen Weakened As Navy Takes Andersoh
Big Ten Council Decides Frosh Not To Reeck's Maulers Meet Indiana Enter Varsity Competition This Term In Season's Initial Encounter
Just befoie the last vacation, lep lesentatives of all the schools in the Western Gonfeience met in Chicago to deiicle upon the vaiious pioblems confionting the athletic piogiam in the Big Ten Among these pioblems was—what is becoming a standaicl question—^will fieshmcn be allowed'* to compete in vaisity competition"^ Auothei was shall intia collegiate athletics continue’ And anothei Was, what about the football schedule foi next tall ’ S Answers Briefly, the answeis decided upon by this committee lepiesenting all the Big Ten schools aie as follows About fieshmcn Compe^-ing in
vaisity athletics tht pyiposition, “Fieshmen should be allowed to compete in vaisitv competition aftei one quaitci oi equivalent (12 Weeks) of cai lying a full schedule of cla'-sos With passing giades’ wis defeated by a veiy naiiow maigm, howevei, the delegation lescived the 1 ight to call a special meeting at any time to take anothei vote on this mattei should conditions demand Had this vcidict gone the othei way, Boileimikei coaches would have been indeed foitunate in the basketball wicstlmg and tiack de pal tments Unanimously the delegation voted
Undei the tutelage of Claude Reeck, the Rivctei wiesthng team is pie^iaiing m earnest foi then fiist match of the season against the Iloobieis fiom Bloomington which Will be held in the rieldhouse Tanii aiy 22 oi 23, lust a little o\ci two weeks fiom now With the beginning of the new scmestei, the Boileimakeis have been conditioning foi about a month and they staited woiking out ig im 111 favoi of continuing intin collcgi ate athletics Responsible leadei s in all blanches of the aimed foices weio veiy much in favoi of this step also (peiiod)
last night after then Chiistmas va cation Against the Iloosieis, the giapplcis will meet up with one of the top teams in the confeience this \eai Indiana has many veteians tiom last yell and much added tal ent, that accoiding to Billy Thom, Indiana coach, should, go places in Big Ten competition Coach Claude Reeek’s/All Campus wiestling tournament which got un del way befoit vacation, will begin the finis the middle of next week in the Fieldhouse So fai the Riveteis have meets at home with Michigan State, Chicago Indiana and Noith
western
n
'Red'Anderson Rlvefers Open Big T#n Season With Chicago Coach Lambert’s Boilermakers received a severe blow feateiday with the announcement that Myrwm (Red) Atid^rsilih had leceived his call for the Naval Aviation Cadet training dt DePauw Univeisity. On the eve of the opening of the Bifg Ten basketball campaign against Chicago tomorrow evening in the Fieldhouse, this news makes necessary an alteration in the plan of attack on the IM ' Schedules a .u„i„r from EdWaid Class “B” basketball will wardsport, was one of the stait with piactice games scheduled smallest men on this year's edi-
The free facilities of the PURDUE UNION are at the disposal of the students, faculty and guests at any time! We offer you— THE MUSIC ROOM CARD ROOM BROWSING RodM MEN’S BUM ROOM and over 8000 square feet of lovely LOUNGES J/uL fiuhdusL Tyiem&detL 'Umo-tL. Just lake a walk through the building!
CIRCULATION DRIVE
I 1943 Janmrif ,1941
Start off the New Year
Tvie ttm*, s vvr
[
rh> aa
with your copy of the •.3y'4‘
“y™ ^ S'.
I yin tVs
Exponent!
*
f
l^]\eryone buy a paper. 6 A paper in every house.
O Send one home. 9 Costs yon less.
# Delivered anyvvliere
The Navy and all ilie armed serviees arc not out oi reach of the E\|f)onenl. Slndenls, iVlen of ibe Armed Serviees, WAACS and All— SHOW YOUR PURDUE SPIREF
V f \
Buy a PURDUE EXPONENT
foi Monday, Januaiy 11, the legulai games staitmg Wednesday, Januaiy 13 Entiy blanks must be m the office bv Fiulay, Januaiy 8, at 4 p m in 01 del that a schedule can be diawn up Anyone wishing to entei a team m the “B” tournament please call at the Intiamiiial Office foi an cntiy blank Anyone having played in any pait of a game in the Class “A” league aie ineligible foi
tion of the Boilermakers. In the seven pre conference tilts this season, Anderson has scored 47 points and lanks third in the scoring column Fiom his forward post, Andeison fliprped in 16 field goals, 15 chanty tosses and committed 11
peisonal fouls
Shoes To Be Filled
Coach “Piggy” Lambert Will have to mseit a faiily capable man into
Navj, Navy, Navv
Notice
A.11 students who leceued an I grade ioi the last semestei of PEM 12 lepoit to the gim in the Fieldhouse Saturday, February 6, at 1 30 in the afternoon, to take make up tests This is the only time that these tests will be given —D L PHILLIPS Notice A.1I Roxeis Impoitant meeting piomptlj at 1 p m on Fiidaj in the boxing room Intel collegiate tompetition will be discussed All Intelested aie uiged to come out —JIM BEERS
Class “B” basketball Be sine you ^eith left vacant by the speedy have yoiu entiy in the Intiamuial fo,,,aid from Edwardsport Office by Fiiday Januaiy 8 at 4 Biowei, sophomoie forward p m m ordei that a schedule can ^^yne, might get the be diawn up Aftei the schedule is ^ staitmg post because of once made it is almost impossible sciapping perfoimance
in the Gieat Lakes fiacas last Monday evening John Kennedy, sophomoie centei oi forwaid, will also be consideied in filling the vacancy. His tw o timely baskets in the Blue-
to change it
The Table Tennis Touinament (Fiateinity) will be an elimination event with two men to a team Matches will be played on the Intia muial tables beginning Monday, Januaiy 11 at 4 p m The following tiateimties will play then matches
Monday evening
Acacia Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa Lambda Alpha Sigma Phi Alpha Tau Omega Beta Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon Kappa Delta Rho, Kappa Signla, Lambda Alpha
Duimg the past week Boileimaker basketball suffered its worst beat ing ol the reason Appriently the Navy after watching its Great Lrkes team baicly eke out a decision ovei the Riveter netters last Monday, figured th it Pu^y s ern i ent hardwood edition was a little too tough fast oft they took Mel Trube Lambert’s able assistant yesterday they took Myiwm Anderson the clcy er little foiwaid who v\as just gmnmg to hit his peak as r fast rate Brg Ten perfoimer ^ Commassioned Lieutenant, Senior Grade Tf ubc who has '•eived as both assistant football and basketball coach "'inee the piing ot was commissioned as a Lieutenant senior grade He y\as oulcied to repoit to Chapel Hill, N C to begin training as a physicrl instiuetor along with Charlie Gehtinger and many other of the fine'-t corches and pro athletes in the country ^ Anderson Leaves For Air Corps A.ndeison thud hi.,h stotoi this season^ received orders to repoit to DePruw Univci'^ity wheie lu will take his pie flight training as a navy avntioii c ulet Andcison’s pi ly this season h rs been paiticulaily out st niding corisideiing the 1 ret that he didn t even make the team last yen IS a sophomore ^ Brower May Have The Edge I. unbelt has not innounecd who will take over Red’s old spot as yet, but Tom Brower loimei South Side of Fort Wayne perfoimer who be c line eligible ioi competition aftei becoming a sophomoie last week seems to have a slight edge ovei the icst Jack Kennedy, Elmei Biddle rnd Bob Moms aie ilso battlme, foi the position any one oi the thiec could step m at iny time and give a good account of himself ^ Lowery Helps Lamberf Foi the p ist few evenings Emmett Loweryq Iresbman football coach and lotmcr Boiler mikdl basketball and lootball star has been helprng L unbei t liut to d ite no one has been named to take Taube’s place Whocvoi IS named will have some mighty big shoes to fil because Taube yvas latcd by many experts as one of the finest coaChCs in the business
jacket battle gave the Boilermakers new life which was dimmed when “Fiosty ’ Spiowl went hoy-vvild in the closing minutes The battle with Chicago tomorrow evening vyill serve as the curtain raise! for the Boilermaker Big Ten activities The Maroons from the Winiijy City haven’t quite been able to find a clicking combination oi ball players as yet Occupying the cellar division of the record department the “Big Town” lads boast an infamous string of 25 straight defeats This should make the Riveters, with then record of 3 vffrns and 4 losses, a heavy favorite over the ill fated Chicago quintet One Every Minute Lamberts lads have compiled a much more impressive record m the scoiing column than their victory leeoicl indicates With the 43 points scored m the Great Lakes encoUntei the Boiler makers held on to then point a minute warning to future foes Most of the tilts this season have been nip and tuck as Shown by the total of 290 points for the Black and Gold as compared to the 285 for the opponents In the individual scoring race, Ed Ehleis speedy guard, has dioptred in 27 fields goals and 18 free throv\s for a total oi 72 points Captain Allen Menke, reliable centei, is iisrht on Ehleis’ heels With 26 field goals and 16 free tosses for a total of 68 markers “Red” Andeison, now know n as Cadet Andeison, held thud place with hrs 47 points The remainder of the scoring column in Older lists Lawson, 39, Friend, 24; Keicheval, 17, Kennedy, 9, Biddle, 8, and Morns, Swantii and Brower with 2 each Green Roster The newest edition to the Chicago team this season is Centei Bob Harrison, a 6 ft, 5 in transfer student from Denison University This hardwood giant is the tallest specimen that the Maroons have been blessed with in the last five seasdns. In addition to Hainson, the Chficagoans will use additional new mateiial on then roster Aimond Lihen, speedy sophomoie guard, is onh of the pieces of green material, biithis potent scoiing and deiensive Work are not to be sneezed at ^
ocerr'
b/\ t
^ . A \oveWe»‘’ • • •
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phond 5036i
^l -^-^eH / ^ ^ f ^V ^ 4k «
m
hr^ Its S* XT ^
P^ge 4
\ '’ > ! ^ Purdue Exponent Friday, January 8, 1943
Theatres Feature
College At War
YWCA To Entertain ActorS To Hold
Freshman Coeds
At 'Coke-Tail Hour'
Tryout Sunday
Notices
cr important business makes your attendance mandatory —ANTONACCIO
B\ Marion Smith Peisons thioughout the collnt^^ aie now gettniR a erlimpse behind the scenes into the xtoiKmcs of many of oui Anieiican eolleees and universities as these institutions aie being: harnessed foi pait time 01 full time vai voik ‘Colleges it War," a 10 minute victoiy shoit released by goveinmcnt peimission to theateis all o\ei the United States, depicts scenes of wai time activity on this campus as well as scenes fiom many othei colleges This film was shown ^estelday in the Luna, Mais and Lafayette theateis acioss town and will con tmue to be shown theie todaj and tomoi 1 ow l’rex> Speaks Piesident Elliott now with the Wai Manpowei Commission in Washington D C speaks fi om his desk theie dining the couises of the film concerning colleges in gen eial Puring the leiiew theie aie several othei pictuies ot this Uni veisity and peisons diiectL con ceined with it The aiipoit heie now practically impossible foi most students to see is shown along with seveial aeronautical and CAA stu dents at then woik As could be expected the sailois and ROTC students fiom this Uni veisity are shown as they maich to class, perfoim in gun squad dull 01 woik in then labs Another shot fiom West Lala-\ ette shows the sailors while they woik and study in the signal coips lab in the Electiical Engineeiing building Other Colleges Pictures Irom othei unneisities include inspection of wai mateiials at the Univeisity of Viiginia the Navy organizations stationed at Dartmouth, Harvaid and Geoigia Tech, gun squad woik at Tulane and physical tiaining classes woik ing out 111 man-\ othei colleges Undoubtedh this film will do much tow aids helping the public lealize the pait the colleges and univeisities aie playing m the iii tional defense piogiam At least it may calm some wno haie lon^ been skeptical of the sinceiitj ol college students and i iculties in their eftoit to help in this ciisis
In The Churches
(Continued fiom page 2) subiect of Ml Findleys seinion The oigan iiuiiibeis by oiganist Nancy Young will be “Festival Pielude ’ b\ Wallace ‘Andante in F’ by Wely and ‘ Postlude in D” bi Scaiiiiolin 6 00—Sunday Evening Club Up pel classmen and incoming fiesh men aie uiged to come and get acquainted w ith each othei
YWCA will hold a “coke tail houi” foi all new fieshmen, second ^emestei fieshmen, and new students this afternoon from 4 until 5 10 in the East Faculty Lounge Invitations to all the gills have been sent The paity is given annually foi new students and is in chaige of Mary Giace Minldei this yeai
Playshop his iiiaiiged to give a special beiieht peifoimance of Max Andei son’s curient Broadway hit “The Eve of St Mark ” Plans have been m ide to hold tiyouts in Fowlei Hall Sunday afternoon at 2 Anyone inteiested in diamatics may tij out Di II Kenn C11 michacl stat^^
Sophomore Union Workers Plcant report tc th( South Balhoom as soon as poSBible to assist i n the Student Book Fxchangt —PURMAN
POMM McetinB next Tuesday Jan 12 at 4 p m in Aimory Election of pledges for coming semester will bo held and pro ;rram of ictivitios piesentcd All actives are urp:cd to attend —PHIII IPP
Alpha Phi Omcaa Keys aie in for those who paid before the deadline See Bender, 2r34 SW Cary Hall —BENDER
A Ph A Mcctinjjf of the Amciican Phaimaceutical Association Monday Tanu ary 11 at 1 p m in Room 311 Phaimacy building — GORDON
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches lufTguge typewriters Albert s Loan Office, 407 Cilumbia
Ceres Fust mcctins: Tuesday Jan 12 at '' p n ir loom 232 of the Union Keys are loady •“ HAYCS
Purdue Pharmacist Staff meeting- Wed nesday January 13 at 4 p ni in Room 311 Pharmicy building for leorganirntion GORDON
Wanted—Students interested m peddling^ the Exponent Call Exponent Ask for Rccktonwald
Registration For Pest Conference
To Close Today
/^^rFrStigers
membci of the ti ide ind in dustiial educational teachci ti am ing staff hei e it the Univoisitv spoke befoie the Industiial Ti iin er’s As=oeiation it Indi in ipoli la^t Tuesday on the subject Coininoii Sense Applied to the Intioduction of New Employees to Industiial Oi ganizationfa Stigeis indicated that the principle undeilying the tiain ing progiam was one of human un deistanding which decided the nc cessitj of making eveiy expei lence of the new employ ec a pleasant one
Arrow White Shirts are busy beating the Axis
Many of America’s naval officers are wearing Arrow White Shirts and Ariow Collais . . .
And in civilian life, Arrow Whites continue to he the most popular shirt made.
We Have a New Stock of Whites and Fancy Colors Starting at
$2
25
WITH PLENTY OF THE ARROW HITT WHITES
® BUY NOW WHILE THE TAILS ARE REGULAR LENGTH
All shirts manufactured after December 15 will have a 3-inch shorter tail because of Government regulation
DEWENTER’S
The “coke tail houi” will be veiy ipfoimal and the fieshmen aie asked to come dnectly fiom then classes in school clothes The tea is held piimaiily to intioduce the new students to each othei and to the YWCA oiganization
last night
Peifoimances ha\e tentatively been scheduled foi Eiiday and Sat uiday evenings lebiuaiy 5 and fi This plaj will not icplace‘ Claudia, ’ Playshop’s thud legulai pioduction of the veal but the dates foi “Claudia” will be moved up to ac commodate I ho E\e ol St Maik ’
Glider Club Mteliiur Thuiaday Jan 14 t iO ] m in room 212 Lveryone come —SALISBURY
\WCA C linnet members please attend the Coke tail Houi foi all women students today in the West Taeulty Lounge at 4 p m —CRAIG
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makds sold rented repaired and purchased Mime« ograph work done C J Fbershoff 605 Main, I ifayctte Phone 2i79
Purdue Agriculturist There will be an important meeting of the circulation staff at 1 p m Priday Jan S Everyone is rc 1 este 1 to be it the thee —WARD
Silver Mask Meeting Monday at 4 p m in fencing room Be there —K-lUFMAN
Lost—Silver Exponent key with initials J K on back Call Jane Kcim at Exponent office or 3332
Sea Board Regular meeting tof the boaid on! neb lay In 12 it " 30 i m Nomina tion ind election (f new triasurer plus cth
All Students Mixed recreation in Worn en Gym fiom '"30 to 10 tonight Wcai lubhti oled lirts Good time in all recrea
Wanted—Students on banquet counted Ot flo r Apply Union Cafeteria
BAUGHMAN
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Councelors Mooting AWS office Saturday at 1pm Impoitanl THOMPSON
Wanted—Coeds to work in Chestnut Room nnd Coffee Shop at meal time Apply Purdue Union Cafetern
Cheerleaders Practice th s ifternoon at 1 p m in the Fieldhousc —SCHWAB
For Rent—Well furnibhed double room, twin beds inntrspnijg mattresses Men prefentd 334 S Crant Phone 814’)2
Lalaiette Baptist Chuich Coinei of Chauncev and Columbia Revel end J B Gleason Ministei and pastoi of students 9 10 A M —Rogci Williams Eoundation Class Piofcssoi II II Watts ot the Englisli Depaitinent teachci 10 S5 A M —Scimon by the pas toi Ii ill Giuvei Pi ice chon di lectoi and Aitluu lacklin oigan 1st 5 30 P M—Ro,„ei Williams so tial houi and suppei Jeanette Ygkc in chai„c of the soci il houi 6 30 P M —R W r Eoi uni houi The Place Wheie Thou Standeth Question and answei meeting conducted by Bill Hanmon and tl e pastoi All new fieshmen aie in\itod to attend those scivices
Herbert M. Hart
letiicd last Wednesday eve ning IS commandei of the naval tiaming piogiam at the Univcisity to take a new assignment in Iowa Comm uidei Halt was guest of hon Ol at i luncheon given Wednesday noon at the Union at which Pi of r C Hockema as'^istant to the picsident picsiclcd ind spoke biicf ly of the fine woik done bj Cominan dci Hut since he came to the cam ]nis 1 ist June Commandei Halt’s place IS tcnipoiaiilv being taken by Lieut M istei executne officci of the unit
Buy Mar Bonds And bianips'
Southworth’s
Pogistiation loi the five day Pest Coatiol Opel itoi s Conloience at the Univeisitj will come to a close today at noon In the seventh an mill confeienee tne impoitancc of po&t control in piotecting the health ind moiale of the aimed toicos both it home ind abi o id was emphasi/cd Eight officois lopiesenting the U S Aimy Sanitai7 Coips wcic among the 125 opci itois who hive ihead7 3 e,-,istei ed In lest idai s session pestpiob Icnis ol mill camps ind dclensc centcis wcie outlined to the opcia toisbi Majoi r C Moilonscn while Williim O Biuttnei nationil sec let 111 oJ‘he P r 0 discussed con liol methods m some dctul Most ol the iftemooi was devoted to technical m ittci s Di Thui man B Rice st itc he ilth commi sionei w is the piincipil spe ikoi iL last i i^ht s b uiouct scs vion at which Pi of E C Hockem i ictcd IS to istnidstci
Louis K Manley toimcily dean of the Univcisity ot Pittsbuigh school of business ulininistiation has been n imcd dean ot the giad iiate school at the Univcisilj ot Miami
STOP! THINK!
DON’T BE CAUGHT NAPPING
WITH A LOT OF BOOKS THi^,^ NO ONE WANTS-
Trade in NOW, the old books that you don’t intend to keep as reference books!
YOU CAN GET CASH or MORE in TRADE
FOE YOUR USED BOOKS
DON’T FORGET TO STOCK UP ON SUPPLIES
* FORM PAPER * PENCILS
★ RULERS * ERASERS
■k NOTEBOOKS k SUPPLIES of All Kinds
STOP and SHOP
at
PURDUE BOOK ^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s