'■/'; V'- : -, ■‘"
'•■^'j>1' '-''nl'
■/ ^’
< \ >=y> ?■$
' ’' %) \M
Tlffi WEATHER
' - M.
tmULY
L V',
Forecast for Indiana: Fair in
Ant
lamaayS. 1999
north portion today. Tomorrow
IxdayeUe.tadkma
increasing cloudiness and rain.
.Z.1IIS
VoL 50 No. 85
r
14th Annual NSFA Convention Meets Here December 17
During Christmas vacation, 185 delegates representing 75 universities and colleges of 46 states attended the 14th annual congress of the National Student Federation of America here at the University. Robert Schumacher, PSE ’39, was chairman of the congress, which lasted from December 27 to 31. f*urdue’s highlight of the congress was the election of ^ Herbe'rt Fishburn, ChE ’40, as representa-tive-at-large of the NSFA executive committee. Fishburn served as a regional chairman during the congress in place of Dan Rohyans, last year’s president of the Student Senate. National Speakers National speakers addressed the delegates during the five day congress. Clark Eichleberger, director of the League of Nations Association, spoke Tuesday evening at the opening banquet. He urged membership in the League. “The League is the only means by which the retreat in man’s thought may be halted. And it must halt,” he said. The following noon. Dr. Donald J. Cowling, president of Carleton College and chairman of the NSFA advisory board, asked for the defeat of the Reeves Education Bill, now pending passage in Congress. “The bill will give the control of education to Washington. The line of financial support eventually becomes the line of control. The bill should be defeated,” he urged. Other speakers were Floyd 1. McMurray, State Superintendent of Public Instruction; Frank Hockema, assistant to the president; Robert S. Richey, State NYA director; Robert Spivak, secretary of the International Student Service; and Arthur Northwood, Jr., former president of NSFA. Formal Banquet At the formal banquet Friday evening, Robert Phillips, of the history, government, and economics departments, was the speaker. Phillips is the faculty advisor for the Purdue Student Senate. Following the banquet there was a formal dance in the Union ballroom. There was an open dance on Tuesday evening.
Elliott Plans To Return On Queen Mary Feb. 9
Tiny Hill To Play For Novel Foresters Ball
Dr.W.K.Hatt... Symphony Orchestra To Give Concert In Gym Next Tuesday Sevitzky Will Condud; Group New In Music World
. . . director of the joint highway research project at the university and for many years head of the school of civil engineering, will sail from San Francisco today for an extended trip, following his retirement from active servicp at the University January 1. Dr. Hatt plans to spend a month in Hawaii, where he will address the Engineering Association of Hawaii January 13. Before his return to Lafayette about April 1, he plans to visit Australia, and several other points of interest.
Announce Cast For Playshop Opus 'This Thing Called Love'
Indianapolis’ Symphony Orchestra, undejf the leadership of Fabien Sevitzky, internationally known musical director and conductor, will appear before the University stu-. dent body and faculty members next Tuesday evening at eight, for a concert in the Memorial Gymnasium. This will be the first in a series of two concerts to be given here during the coming year. Though the organization is only two years old, it has already grown to an important place in the musical world. Sevitzky has appeared as guest conductor for many of the finest symphony orchestras in the world. Among his European engagements havfe been appearances with the Berlin Philharmonic, the Orchestre Symphonique and the Orchestra Pasdeloup of Paris, the Vienna Symphony, and the Warsaw Philharmonic. . In the United States he has appeared as guest conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic in Hollywood Bowl; the Philadelphia Orchestra in Robin Hood Dell; ^nd the Washington (D.C.) Summer Concerts Association. Besides being a
Hold Annual Agricultural Session Here Next Week
“This year’s program will be as broad as Indiana agriculture itself,” said Acting Director of Agricultural Extension T. A. Coleman in describing the variety of subjects to be covered in this year’s Annual Agricultural Conference to be held on the campus from January 9 to 14. The conference is designed to cover farm, youth, and home economic problems.
Keynoter at the opening session Monday afternoon at 1:15 in Eliza Fowler Hall will be Prof. F. R. Hall,
Cary Club Ball Opens 1939 Social Season Tonight In Ballroom
Fabien Sevitzky
guest conductor with many famous orchestras, he has been the organizer of many famous musical organizations throughout the United States. “Student passports will be valid for admission to the concert,” Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the University Convocations Committee, said last night.
First dance of the new season, the Cary Club New Year’s Ball, will get underway tonight at 9 p. m. in the Union ballroom to the music of Jay Mills who has been playing at the Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago. Club members and their dates will gather in the halls immediately preceding the dance for a formal dinner.
Playshop, campus dramatic organization, yesterday announced the following cast, clK)sen at tryouts held before vacation, for its forthcoming production “This Thing Called Love,” to be presented February 15 through 18th. ANN MARVIN (tea room hostess and believer in single blessedness) —Ruth Bennett (“I’ll Marry the Actress”). TICE COLLINS (wealthy bachelor and seeker of the blessings of > home)—Robert Schwomeyer. HARRY (upset husband)—Robert Hettema (“Ceiling Zero”). FLORENCE (upset wife)—Mary Alice Miller. FRED (browbeaten husband)— Lewis Morrison (“Room Service”). DOLLY (baby talk wife)—Margaret Magley. NORMIE DeWITTE (playboy)— Richard Fink (“Room Service”). MISS ALVAREZ (the exotic element)—Patricia Potter. DUMARY (the perfect butler)— Seymour Udell. The appearance of some of the leading characters of former Playshop productions gives promise of an excellent performance. Enthused over their last success, “Dracula,” the Playshop troupe are hard at work on their new play.
Junior Prom Committee Positions Assigned Orchestra Will Be Announced In February
The New" Year’s theme will he carried out with a backdrop of a New Year’s baby covered by a blue streamer with the numerals, 1939, on it. Fifteen hundred balloons are to cover the ceiling, and the entrance is to be decorated with more balloons and streamers.
Jobs of the committee for the 1939 Junior Prom were selected just before vacation began. They are: Margaret Mitchell, invitations and banquet; Allen Shackelton, treasurer and tickets; Lloyd Farquhar, programs and assistant treasurer; Vincent Hruby, decorations; Bill Dunshee, lounge space; and Ralph Reiley, publicity. , By his plurality in votes, Benny Burns automatically becomes chairman of the committee. The day following the elections three of the committee met with W. A. Bodden, University auditor, to attempt to secure a band for the occasion. MCA, Chicago, controler of approximately 80 per cent of the nation’s leading dance bands, was contacted. The following reply was received: Mr. W. A. Bodden: Thanks for your letter of December 15 advising that your annual Junior Prom will be held April 7, 14, or 21. As you undoubtedly know, it is too far in advance to be able to give you any information regarding the attractions that might be made available for you. We will appreciate your cooperation in waiting until approximately the middle of February, at which time we will be in a much better position to give you definite information regarding any and all outstanding names that might be made available for your party in April. Sincerely yours, JIM BREYLEY
Hats, noisemakers, and confetti will be handed out to all those attending the affair.
Kizer Starts Duties \in After Illness
With the three dates open for the dance the committee feels sure that an outstanding attraction for the occasion can be obtained.
Former Instrudor Dies Newman Club Will Present
At Home In Michigan Final Semester Meeting
Nearing the completion of his stay in the Philippines in an advisory capacity to the University there. President Edward C. Elliott has made plans to arrive in New York on the “Queen Mary” February 9, according to a statement from Prof. F. C. Hockema, acting president. His itinerary will include a number of cities in central Europe. His tentative schedule is: Naples, January 16; Rome, January 18-20; Genoa, January 21-22; Nice, January 23 to 25; Paris, January 26-29; London, January 31-February 3.
Northwestern Tickets
student tickets for tomorrow evening’s basketball game with Northwestern are now available at the Fieldhousie ticket office. The deadline for obtaining the tickets is set for tomorrow noon. Tickets for outsiders wishing to attend are still on sale at the office.
Miss Nellie Phillips Sampson, instructor of art and wood carving at Purdue from 1900 to 1912, died Wednesday afternoon at her home in Hartford, Mich., following a short illness. After leaving Purdue, Miss Sampson opened an art school and shop in Chicago. She continued this work for 10 years after which she retired to Hartford.
Featuring Rev. J. Edward Holland as guest speaker, the Newman Club will hold its final meeting of the current semester in St. Mary’s School Hall after the 9:30 mass this Sunday. In addition to Reverend Holland’s talk, several novelty acts are scheduled on the program. All members of the club are invited and may ’ bring their friends.
Noble E. Kizer, University athletic director and former head football coach, resumed his regular duties yesterday after a period of protracted illness. During his absence Mai Elward succeeded him as head football coach, and Bob Woodworth, Kizer’s former assistant, served as athletic director. Kizer spent much of his convalescence in Arizona and Califorina returning last August to the home of his wife’s’ parents in Elkhart. He has been showing steady improvement, and recently his physicians advised that he might return to active duty.
^A Year More And You Won’t Know The Place’
By Jim McKee
Sponsored jointly by the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary, the annual Foresters ball will be held in the Union ballroom on Friday evening, January 13. Tickets ai’e on sale at the west Union desk ,Deac’s, Southworth’s, and at Kienly’s Drug Store. Tiny Hill and his Melody Mill orchestra direct from a long term engagement in Chicago will furnish the music. Hill is welLknown^ for his novel and striking arrangements of melody and vocals. Decoi^tions will be varied with a woodland background and hills and streams providing a realistic picture of an actual forest. Proceeds will be donated to the student loan fund, an organization designed to aid students in financial matters.
“Let’s Take a Walk Around the Block”—and see what all this new building on the campus is coming to. It all started last June 27, 1938, and contractor's say it all will stop by January 1, 1940. June 27th last year Washington granted the University a PWA grant of $166,320 for a new Residence Hall for Women. If you go to the Residence Hall today you will find the the basement is finished. Around it is a sea of mud, a pile of bricks, another pile of limestone, reenfoi'cement steel, sand and cement. THe first hf thrfiw layers la ex= ternally complete. A steam hoist rises above the structure, dumping concrete into the basement. New Chemical Building In the middle of July last, came a grant of $271,584 for a new chemical engineering building, to be erected opposite the Pharmacy Building. It’s there now in the mid-
dle of another sea of mud. The eastwest wing of th§ “L” shaped structure has its second story. The north south wing is to get one also. Around the building are pipes, tiles, a miniature saw mill, sand and cement. There’s a steam lift there too. Men’s Residence Halls Then came the Men’s Residence Hall grant of $466,363 for one unit, which will complete the quadrangle of five halls. Four of the six town residences along 7th street have been moved for the structure. The Spitzer home will go soon, but W. “A". Khapp,^assisMBt“dean“ Of engi-“ neering, and family will stay in their home uptil August 15th. The southeast hall is-going up 10 feet from the Knapp back door. The Union will be doubled by a “$474,545 grant The addition mil include new bowling alleys, a residence unit, ballroom addition, student offices, lounge space, and meet-'
ing and display TOoms. The new ballroom will be the size of the present unit and will form a “T” with the present unit. When the Union is finished it will include 1,516,290 cubic feet. Door To Billiard Room Under the cement roof of the new southeast addition there are pillars and posts, nothing else. The hammering goes on just outside the billiard room. They are cutting a door through the concrete wall. Just below the ballroom two more holes are appearing in the concrete foundation. These too are doors. The back yard of the Executive Building is a half million dollar hole. 6ids for the superstructure of the Music Hall will be let January 18. When completed the auditorium will seat more persons than th^ famed Radio City Music Hall in New York City. In All There Was: Women’s Residence Hall ....$166,320
of the department of history, economics, and government and weU informed commentator on international affairs, speaking on “The Influence of International Relations on Indiana Farm Family Life.”
Other Speakers
Other headliners will be D. Howard Doan, nationally recognized authority in the land appraisal and farm management fields, who will present his version of “Perpendicular Farm Management.” Coming here from Washington, D. C., Dr. 0. E. Reed, chief of the bureau of dairy industry, U. S. Department of Agriculture, and former Purdue dairy chief, will inform Hoosier dairjrmen on “Trends in the Dairy Industry.” Also from Washington will be Dr. P. V. Cardon, principal agronomist in charge of forage crops and diseases speaking on “Grassland Improvement and Development in the Com Belt.” Of Feminine Interest Of special interest to the women attending the event is the annual luncheon of the Home Economics Association’in the Union Building with Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology as principal speaker. Opportunity to learn more about a fast growing practice here in Indiana will be given to the women when P. A. Goeser of the National Livestock and Meat Board discusses “Frozen Foods.” In connection with the conference the third annual Rural Youth Meeting convenes here January 13 and 14, featuring^as a theme the making of the rural home more liv-
able and pleasant.
Informal Dress Will Feature Blanket Hop
Men’s Residence Halls $466,363 Chem. Eng. Building $271,584 Union Bldg. Addition $474,545 Music Hall $504,000 Total granted for campus buildings $1,882,812 This figure represents only the money given under the PWA grants. That is 45 per cent of the total figure, $4,632,300, that will be added to the campus before 1940. To the present physical plant estimated at $8,000,000, the final campus lay-out will be worth nearly $13,000,000. In addition tTftlre figtire of $1;^ 882,812, the sum of $201,321 was granted for campus beautification. There is a new sidewalk from Purdue Hall to University street. Curbs are popping up around the oval and along bare roads. But to manicure the campus back to its former self, it will take every bit of that last grant.
“Anything goes” will be the theme of the “P” Men’s Blanket Hop tomorrow night following the Northwestern cage tilt. Informal dress will predominate^ according to Nate Poulos, in charge of an'angements. Students are urged to come to the dance as they went to the game. Because of previous contract, Michael Hauer will be unable to play for the affair. ‘In his place the club has signed Harold Greenameyer for the evening. Greenameyer is known for his affiliation with the Mills Brothers on several occasions. Highlight of the dance will be the crowning of king and queen at 11 p. m. Voting will take place at the door from 9 until 10 p. m. List of eligible co-eds as nominated by the “P” Men’s club follows: Peggy Boyce, Marjorie Blocker, Anna Fay Campbell, Frances Elastburn, Winifred Gregory, Alice Martens, Helen Lange, Dorothy Miller, Caroline Scott, Betty Jo Sexton, Mickey Upsm'e, and Mary Jane West. The King will be selected from the P Men. Tickets priced at one dollar per couple, may be pm-chased in advance at all fraternities or at the door.
Radio Stage To Give 'Mutiny Of A Hero'
Tomorrow at one o’clock, “Mutiny of a Hero,” a Radio Stage production, is scheduled for presentation over station WBAA. Third of a new series, of professionally written scripts, these plays ai-e known as “Experimental Forms in Radio Drama” from the Radio Writers Laboratory. This production was under the supervision of Samuel Marks.£dibniaL
^4 il V I
I;1
f 14
^ ’■ !
?;Ef i 'ii 'i
•I; > ■k ’
I' i! i\ 1
5 i
II-' Hi
'Back To Old Purdue'...
. . . came her sixty-seven hundred loyal sons and daughters yesterday to take on the load of pre-exam school work which had been forgotten for two short vacation weeks. No pall had descended on West Lafayette in their absence, however, for 185 student leaders from the nation’s campuses assembled here for their annual National Student Federation conclave and kept things humming for five days. Delayed and harassed by snow and ice, many of the delegates were unable to attend the opening session, but when the late arrivals were registered it was found that 75 colleges and universities from 46 states were represented. All reports indicate that the NSFA convention was unusually successful. NSFA President Mary Jeanne McKay expressed her approval, saying that she had never seen a convention run more smoothly. Delegates were especially pleased with housing and entertainment facilities offered to them, and many commented on the excellence of Purdue hospitality. Most of the credit for these words of praise should go to the Student Senate and Congress Chairman Bob Schumacher who made the convention a success by much hard work done in advance. _ While we are passing out compliments we might also mention that Dan Rohyans, last year’s Student Senate president, put in a plea for Purdue at the previous NSFA conclave with the result that this University was allowed to play host this year. Causing As Much... . . . comment as the weather is the construction activity going on in and about the Memorial Union Building. Each individual student seems to have his own views on the subject ... although all seem enthusiastic concerning their visions of a Union building doubled in size and facilities. Some students—^the mechanically-minded ones who enjoy watching steam shovels, and construction gangs at work—have nothing but praise for the enterprise. The majority, however, speak in disparaging tones about the shattered sidewalks and gaping holes that force them to walk far out of their way, de-
the Purdue Exponent Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Manacringr Editor.'. L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors. ..G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson , BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Sales Manager .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RKFRCSKNTKD FOR NATIONAL ADVCRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Represesstative 420 Maoibon Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago ' Bostoh ■ Lot Arsilis • sah Franciico Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—^Woodson Issue Editor—Leber Friday, January 6, 1938
Letters to the Editor
.SpinacL
t "Rv Rfittv VH
By Betty Wickard
Letters accepted for publication In this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to ISO wor& in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be publiriied i^th the letter. It for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Defending The Right To Boo Dear Editor, At the risk of being branded as booers and poor sports, we wish to defend the time-honored right of every Hoosier to voice publicly his disapproval of the character, appearance, and sanity of every basketball referee that ever drew a breath. In Indiana, referees are beyond the pale, friendless, and also scorned, and the opprobrium their public acts bring upon them is but a natural consequence of their foul profession. We are perfectly aware that the referee is in a much better position to judge the play than we are, and that his experience with and his knowledge of the game is far greater than ours. But what of it? Referees are a wrong-headed and myopic clan at best and it is manifestly impossible for such broken reeds to render just decisions. In professional baseball, booing of the officials goes on without any loss of face by those who indulge in it. And there isn’t such a gulf between professional and college sport as the layman might suppose. As supporters of the basketball team, the student has a right to criticize the officiating. Is not free criticism of our public institutions a constitutional right in this land of the free ? Those persons whose fine sensibilities are offended by the ruffianly conduct of the herd might bear that in mind. Some students have put themselves on record as never having attended a Purdue basketball game in which the referee was not booed^ We think that we may safely assure these students that they will never attend such a game. We must not expect too much of human nature, ever R frail vessel. R. M. Thornton, CE ’39. P. W. Davis, CE ’39,
Pause a moment lady, before you turn over those pages of cruise clothes in your favorite fashion magazines, for the fashions seen this winter in smart resorts will be the height of chic up North next summer! Mecca for fashionable visitors to Miami, Fla., is Lincoln Road in Miami Beach. Many exclusive New York shops have established branch stores here, and in a space of about five blocks one sees such well known names as Saks Fifth Avenue, Bonwit Teller, Hattie Carnegie, Lily Dasche, I. Miller, or Delman shoes. In headgear, many turbans, both with crowns and without in pastel colors are seen on the streets and in shop windows. An important fashion note are the high-crowned felts which are being featured by Best’s and other shops, and will be shown in the Noi’th next summer. Delman’s are displaying a new type of shoe, a second edition of the one-strap, built up at the sides. The “dutch-boy” shoe will probably hold its popularity into next season, as Saks are selling a white and colored pigskin version. J Clever knitters will receive inspiratmmfrom an oatmeal string knit bathing suit shown by Saks. An abbreviated matching skirt completes the outfit. One-piece pebble knit dresses with little pill-boxes and turbans to match were seen in the same shop. Jay Mignon dis-
laying sweet shop dates and bedaubing shoes with gooey Indiana mud. Yes, even though the new Union will be something to marvel at when it is finished we sympathize with the disgruntled ed who replied when a stranger asked which building was the Union, “That’s it, right over there in the middle of that million dollar mud puddle!”
played hand-knit angora sweaters in beautiful shades of chartreuse and tangerine. Chartreuse, by the way, is the most outstanding shade of the season. In everything from evening chiffons to bathing suits chartreuse is the color of the hour in all of its yellow and green tones. A new color shown by Best’s in heavenly cashmere sweaters and tweed suits is bisque, a peach shade. These pastel tweed suits are suitable for wear here under fur coats and will appear without them this spring. Lastex, that indispensable material, is used in cotton, wool and satin bathing suits. One satin lastex model was strapless. This material seems to be the favorite, especially in bright prints. The feminine influence, which has pervaded even beach wear, takes the form of small ruffles or hemstitching as trimming on some bathing suits. Striking and very unusual color schemes are used in printed silk evening dresses. Strael and Jabaley one of the most exclusive Miami Beach shops featured in their “First Editions,” evening wear in the unusual combination of tulle and linen. A very full white tulle skirt was topped by a fitted, square-necked bodice of brightly appliqueed linen. Outstanding in the crop of chiffon evening gowns was a white halternecked dress trimmed with bands of black braid at Jay Mignon’s. Carnegie showed one of the most unusual informal evening frocks of the collections. The dress was made of (of all things) plaid flannel in a tailored shirtwaist style and was created to be worn only by those who set the pace in the world of fashion.
New Year’s Night had its effect on the old romance of “’Twitter” Benton and a Kappa Sig from lU whom she’s known since she was a young one of 16. And another Kappa Sig did it New Year’s Eve. Peiightner at the local hangout pinned 'down the darling little Pi Phi in the Nursery school, Ann Batsch—Beapty Queen from lU, who moved up to old Purdue for learning how to handle little children. When a pin goes out at Purdue that isn’t news. When it takes an experienced debater to do it that may be news. But when AGR debater, Scrivener, and Distinguished Student Don Paarlberg parts with his pin, there must be news. And in true businessman style, Paarlberg took the boss’s daughter, Eva Robertson. Having worked for her dad for two summers, he decided it would be a good lifetime job. This old campus saw activity in our absence so we hear. A little NSFA convention brought to our fair country a lot of representatives of the sunny south, in exchange perhaps for those of us who were lucky enough to travel south —hear us Wicky? Hit of the convention as far as the fair senators were concerned seems to have been one Colonel Bill Henderson of The Citadel, Charleston, South Carolina. Brown eyes, curly hair, a uniform, and a southern di’awl detracted only the attention of fair maids from their busy work. Mart Estey did a good job of meeting trains for the Congress. On one train there arrived four delegates, two girls and two boys. Up swoops Mart, takes the two girls on the front seat and whirls off leaving the bewildered boys knowing not where to go. After paying out for the Fowler they learned. To protect his Union for the start of the conference, Gordy Matthews arrived for a day and a half, so he announced. But he had figured without Gretchen (Sexy Texy) Smith from Texas. Gordy stayed for the full convention and the formal Friday night—tails and white gloves. Bureau Passes Out Charts; Ask Rural Students To Call The Activities Bureau has just completed the distribution of about 6,000 Activities Charts in West Lafayette. Nearly all juniors, sophomores, and freshmen have received their charts. Students living on rural routes and in Lafayette are asked by the Bureau to call at room F in the Union Building for their copy of the chart.
Pennsylvania State College authorities are considering an astronomical study project that calls for the construction of nine campus observatories.
ARC
TODAY-TOMORROW
thrill
STREAKED
BATTLE
OF LOVE!
GRIN AND REAR IT
B^Lkkr
■I't-
T don’t see how I could be overdrawn! Are you sure you ' haven’t embezzled it?”
Purdue Swimmers Return From Fort Lauderdale Trip Returning from Port Lauderdale, Fla., where they had several days of practice. Coach LaBree and a squad of 25 Boilermaker swimmers and divers paraded around the campus with what might be called slight cases of tan. Attending the annual Aquatic Forum, which is considered the midwinter swimming meet of the nation, the team did quite a bit of distance swimming in both the ocean and the 100 yard Municipal pool. The Purdue tankers were some of the 500 students and coaches that showed up for the Forum this year! breaking the record of preceding
LAFAYETTE TODAY-SATURDAY
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Super Streamlined Thrills with Uncle Sam’s Devil Dogs I
Contem
— PLUS DANGEROUSLY YOURS — with — CESAR ROMERO PHYLUS BROOKS
registrations. One hundred and thirty-five colleges, prep school, and swimming clubs sent delegations to the event. The first conference meet of the season for the Boilermakers, will be with Northwestern at Evanston, on January 14.
YOUR PROBLEMS SOLVED! We Prepare Scholarly Book Reviews, Debates, Essays, Papers, Speeches, Graduation Theses. Any subject promptly, 60c per typed page. Also Translations (all languages) reasonably. EXPERT RESEARCH CO. h®* 36 Jackson, Ga.
LUi^ TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
WILLIAM BOYD — in — “The Frontiersmen” — and — CHARLIE RUGGLES — in — ‘His Exeiting Night”
STARTS TOMORROW
LAST DAY FRANCHOT TONE FRANCISKA GAAL — in — ‘The Girl Downstairs”
y IFrid[cty« Januaxy 6« 1939
Big Ten Quintets Win 50 Games; Lose 18 Non-Conference Tilts; Three Unbeaten Running up a string of 50? victories to more than balance the 18 defeats which they suffered, Big Ten basketball teams finished their non-conference games Tuesday and turned their attention to the title race which will open Saturday night.
Minnesota and Indiana have won seven straight and Illinois six consecutive victories to remain undefeated so far this season, Michigan and Purdue also have enviable records, each having six wins and one lone defeat to their credit. The Boilermakers’ defeat was at the hands of the Southern California Trojans while the Michigan quintet lost to
a fine Toledo aggregation.
Northwestern, who plays here on Saturday, has won two games and lost five. They showed power, however, New Year’s Eve in defeating Notre Dame to even up the series
with the Fighting Irish.
THE FUBDXJE
EXPONENT
f
Northwestern Guard
ILLINOIS
49—Washington 31 61—N. Dakota 88 49—Conn. State 28 60—Manhattan 41 28—Villanova 22 36—Cornell 84 282 Totals 184
MINNESOTA 46— S. Dak. St.
47— Carleton
60—S. Dak U. 47—Creighton 66—Nebraska 39—N. Y. D.
38—Temple
IOWA
83—Carleton 87 37—Monmouth 84 42—^Washington 26 29—Butler 81 34—DePaul 29 47—St. Louis 87 222 Totals 194
MICHIGAN
41— Mich. State 34 40—^Notre Dame 88 47—Rochester 46 39— Syracuse 87 42— Cornell 27 40— Butler 31 36—Toledo 44
PURDUE 36—Monmouth 26 39—Detroit 27 43—DePaul 86 61— Conn. State 28 30—Sou. Cal. 36 67—Arkansas 61 62— W. Illinois 80
INDIANA 64—Ball State 28 49—Miami 23 47—^Wabash 23 71—Conn. State 88 46—Butler 29 46—W. Reserve 33 37—Mich. State 33
333 Totals 220 NORTHWESTERN 46—Carleton 23 37—Pittsburgh 48 41—St. John’s 49 29— Temple 32 30— ^Notre Dame 48 43—Notre Dame 39 32—Sou. Cal. 47 267 Totals 286
WISCONSIN
41—Beloit 26 27—Marquette 26 46—^Notre Dame 39 27—Marquette 46
21—Butler 27—Xavier 34—Detroit
286 Totals 266 OHIO STATE 43—Geo. Wash. 37 41— U. of Wash. 48 37—U. of Wash. 61 46—U. C. L A. 38 36—California 49 42— California 46 69—U. C. L. A. 67 303 Totals 320
CHICAGO
36—N. Central 28 61—DePaul 48 23—Marquette 43 48—Armour 11 33—Oberlin 16 32—Marquette 40 28—Loyola 86
308 Totals
228
349
Totals 207 222 Totals
261
Totals 221
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
ielder’s... ...choice V By Bruce Witwer
Just a few briefs from the past two weeks. —fc— Three of our senior football men donned uniforms again over the vacation to once more cTiase a pigskin around the lot . . . Joe Mihal was co-captain of the East team in the East-West game . . . then reversing our compass points, Paul Humphrey and Tony Ippolito carried Purdue’s colors for the North in the NorthSouth fracas . . . Tony bucked the Southern line for the only score of the game and gave the Northerners their 7-0 victory. —fc— While everyone else was cavorting about the country in a vacation mood, the basketball team stayed in the home fold, only venturing to New Orleans to lick Arkansas 57-51 ... the University of Southern California’s touring cage squad handed Purdue it’s first defeat 35-30 in a game wherq speed beai speed . . . the first half the Riveters only made 14 per cent of their shots at the basket ... by far the lowest percentage they have on their records. —^fc— Starting out the New Year in a determined ’mood, the Boilermakers dropped Western Illinois State Teacher’s College by the wayside on Tuesday night 52-30 . . . Gene Anderson has been out of the line-up for the last three games but may be
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
408 MAIN STREET
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
The Most Modern and Complete Restaurant Catering to Students Who Demand Wholesome and Appetizing Dinners. The Purdue Coffee Shop 119 Vine Street
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
DflncinG cinsscs open ADULT TAP CLASSES Beginner's Wed., Jan. 11th Advanced Thurs., Jan. 12th 6:00 P. M. Ladies' Gymnastic Dancing Class Friday 2:00 or 6:30 P. M. All Children's Classes Open Saturday, Jan. 7th Ballet — Tap — Ballroom ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
It's not too late , .
♦ ♦.
To resolve: Make your daily visit to the Union a habit! This is a resolution that Tvill benefit you in many w^ays, although it vuasn’t made at the first of the year. Meet new friends and renew old acquaintances in your Purdue Union. JhsL fiwtdjuLSL Tyismw^daL UnlofL The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Boilermaker Basketeers Caplure Two Games; Lose One On Holiday Schedule Piggy Lambert’s current Boilermaker basketeers polished off two non-conference opponents while losing to one during the Christmas vacation to complete their non-conference schedule with a record of six wins against one defeat. The netters will open their Big Ten campaign against the Northwestern Wildcats in the Fieldhouse this Saturday.
On December 22, the Boilermak-
At one of Northwestern’s guard positions this year will be Ad Vance, a former Logansport High School star who is as aggressive a ball player as his name. Vance is a junior this year, hut has already seen one season of regular service. back in action again tomorrow evening. —fc-— Rumble seat athletes and drug store cowboys will convene with most of the cream of Purdue’s athletic prowess tomorrow night for the annual Blanket Hop . . . this is the first year that the “P” club has had complete charge of the affair and they’re doing a fine job of it . . . let’s get behind it and help Purdue’s letter men get blankets to keep them warm when old age is creeping up on them.
ers dropped a hard fought game to the touring Trojans from Southern California, 36-30. Playing minus the services of Captain Gene Anderson, the Purdue squad lost much of its flash and speed was overcome by similar Trojan tactics. Dickinson tallied 10 points to lead the home team while Sears scored 13 points to pace the invaders to victory. Beat Arkansas In a feature of the annual Sugar Bowl festivities the Boilermakers trounced the University of Arkansas Razorbacks in New Orleans on ^ December 28, 57-61. Sharpshooter Igney took over for Anderson, who was still hors de combat, and scored 16 points to lead the Boilermakers in scoring. Adams, Arkansas forward, took individhal scoring honors with 18 points. In the final game of the non-con-ference schedule the Boilermakers trimmed the Western Illinois State Teachers team, 52-30. Dickinson and Bosse paced the Purdue squad with eleven and nine points respectively. Scoring a total of 308 points in the seven non-conference tilts, the Boilermakers have more than maintained Purdue’s famous “point-a-minute” tradition. Bob Igney, forward, heads the scoring column with 49 points on 23 baskets and three free throws. Close behind are Fisher with 44, and Dickinson with 40 points, followed by Anderson, who has only played in four games, with 36 tallies. Anderson Better Captain Gene Anderson, who has missed the last three games due to what Trainer Lon Mann calls an “aggravated charley horse,” has been practicing regularly during the last week and should be able to play in Saturday’s Big Ten opener. The Boilermakers have sadly missed the accurate passing and sharpshooting of the lanky senior center. Dutch Lonborg’s Wildcat netters have had a disappointing season so far, losing five games while winning two. In their last twO'games the Northwestern squad defeated Notre Dame in a close New Year’s
Eve tussle and lost to Southern California. Jim Currie, forward who played regularly at guard last year; Harman and Melchoir forwards; Ad Vance and Voight, guards, have led the Wildcats in their non-conference tilts this season. Bob Shepard, sophomore forward, paced Northwestern to its victory over Notre Dame. Squash Team Wins Two, Loses Four Matches On Recent Eastern Invasion Boasting of two victories against four defeats, the Boilermaker squash team returned home New Year’s night from an invasion of the east. Playing six of the strongest collegiate squash squads in the country in a span of five days, the Boilermakers amassed a very creditable record considering the opposition. Playing in Philadelphia on December 27 and 28th, the Riveters lost to Penn. 3-2, and to Princeton 5-0. Moving on to New York, they counted twice in four matches, losing to Yale 4-1, Amherst 3-2, and beating Harvard 3-2 and M. I. T.
5-0.
y Capt. A. W. Sokolowsky and R. B. Juve lead the team with three victories out of six matches. H. E. Eberhard, T. O. Jackson, and Dave Blitz each took two out of their
Intramural Notices
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—F, A. Smithson. 7:00—Ward lOX vs. Ward 12X.. 7:16—Ward 7X vs. Ward 6. 8:26—Ward IX vs. Ward IIX. 8:40—^Ward 9 vs. Ward 13. Court 2—Juillard. 7:00—Ward 6A vs. Ward 13X. 7:16—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Lambda C!hi Alpha. 8:26—Ward 2A vs. Ward 14A. 8:40—^Ward 2X vs. Ward 6. Court 3—H Goldstein. 7:00—Ward 4 vs. Ward 32. 7:16—^Ward 11 vs. Ward 14. 8:26—Ward 7 vs. Ward 8X. 8:40—Ward 10 vs. Ward lA. Court 4—^M. Aronson. 7:00—^Theta Chi vs Sigma Nu. 7:16—Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:26—Triangle vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon.
ELECTRIC RAZOR USERS ATTENTION stop radio noise from elective razors and other appliances. Your neighbors will appreciate this, too. Ne^ noise eliminator attaches to appliance plug. EFFECTIVE — SIMPLE — SAFE — REASONABLE
922 S. 18th St.
C. LEE NORQUEST SATISFACTION GUARANTEED Dial 36401 after 7 P. M.
Then give heed to your wardrobe — for first impressions are SO important to a successful college career. > West Side’s superb cleaning, finishing and dyeing skiU wiU bring to your garments that smart appearance which will give you poise, no matter what the occasion. Don’t wait till the last minute. Call us NOW.' P ’■’4 ^ K. * ^ i
< I ^' t ^^ i «r '^k !-
Pfnr/it. CuHa.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yifitic/tA^
Fridoy, January 6.1939
PI/ Grac/s Average $3,368 After 10 Years Here’s a bit of encouragement for struggling under-gi’aduate engineers who hope some day to attain financial success. In a recent survey of 847 alumni graduated between 1922-1927 it was discovered that the present average of their salai'ies is $3,368. Dr. A. A. Potter, Dean of Engineering, made the survey in keeping with President Edward C. Elliott’s policy of checking the occupational status of all graduates. Only once throughout the fiveyear period did an income fall below $1,000. The highest salary in the entire group was $33,000. A member of the class of ’26 earns the highest individual salary, and the 1923 graduates are credited with the highest median salary of $3,649. School Custodians Hear Training Talks At the first five training conferences for school custodians, an average of 29 school care-takers attended, according to George M. Bush, engineer-educator in charge. The work, originally started on a county basis by the University, has been completed in Boone, Cass, Clinton, Carroll, and Benton counties. It is a joint project of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology in cooperation with the State Department of Public Instruction. Co-ed Athletes To View Basketball Movies Monday At three and four o’clock Monday afternoon Miss Frazer of the Physical Education department will show films on proper basketball refI ereeing and techniques. Co-eds at New York University posed for the movies which are issued by the National Women’s Basketball Rules Committee. These films should prove of special interest to those students who are majoring in physical education and those who are interested in WAA basketball. Dr. T. K. Noss To Speak At Church Meeting Sunday. Dr. T. K. Noss will speak at the West Lafayette Methodist Church on Sunday evening at 6:30 p. m. Dr. Noss’ talk is entitled “Christianity and the Social Order.” He will discuss the Christian approach to the solution for the great social problems of war, unemployment, and race prejudice. The meeting will be in the form of a forum with opportunity for questions after the address. W. D. McEachron, vice president of the Wesley foundation, will act as the chairman.
W B A A Programs
—FRIDAY— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—-Agricultural Forum. 12:1B—Sports Review, Dick Shively.» 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :46—Eugene Pinegan, violinist. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1-15—Monitor News. 1:80—^Famous Homes of Famous Americans. 1:46—Market Reports. 2:60—Melody Time. 2:15—Edward Foley, pianist. 2 :30—Afternoon Musicale. 3 :00—Jefferson High School 3 :30—Birth of the News. 3 :45—Melody Moments. 4 :00—Contract Bridge Chats 4 .16—Paul Mitchell, baritone 4 -30—Radio Club. 4 :45—Story Book Hour.
PERSONNEL NOTES Each year a number of insurance companies visit Purdue, or write to Purdue to the Personnel Service in a search for graduates who would fit into their organizations. The employment available In the companies ranges from engineering and safety inspection for companies handling industrial insurance to underwriting or sales of life insurance. Occasionally there is an opening for men in actuarial statistics. All seniors who are interested in
considering a connection of any type with an insurance company, should sign up in the main office of their school, according to Dr. J. E. Walters, Director of Personnel. This list will serve as a basis for recommendations and interviews with all insurance companies corresponding with the Personnel Service, or visiting the camlius'.
— in. Ill-—■■■y.i... IF PERSON who took my Dietzgen "Fejderal” drawing set in the library wishes to r^urn it, he may' leave it at the tinion checkroom. Ross Livesay.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—New Royal portable typewriter. Reasonable price. Phone 65492.
CIstssihed Ads
Notices
Chemistry 1 and 2: Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given Saturday, January 14, 1939, at 1-4 p. m. Application for any of these examinations should be made at room 103 chemistry laboratory annex before Thursday, January 12. The examination fee does not need to be paid when an>lication is obtained, but must be paid before the examination is taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLENr
miscellaneous
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and -repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.15'. Sdpplieq. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Girl’s Deck Tennis: Friday, January 6, IS the last chance to sign up for deck tennis tournament. Games will start Wednesday, January 13. —WALKER.
INSIST ON Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, January 8, at 4 :30 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Refreshments will be served. —AYASUN.
LEAVING FOR Los Angeles Friday Round trip $25 00, Cail Seymofir 5827, noon or evening. LOST AND FOUND LOST—Saturday night at Fieldhouse green wool gloves with yellow and orange pattern on back and long ribbed cuffs. Reward. Call 6720.
PIA Orchestra: Rehearsal Friday, January 6, in the tower room of the 'Umon at 7pm Please let me know if you will not be able to be present. —SHINN.
Union Sophs: All available workers please meet in the ballroom Friday, January 6, at 4 p. m. —DEMARS, KANY.
LOST—Female Fox Terrier; expecting pups; answeis Trixie. Reward, money or pup. Please Dial 41962.
Activities Bureau: Will the following committee please report for a meeting at 4 p. m Friday, January 6: Bill Rehm, Caroline Shaw, Jeiry Kirkpatrick, Paul
Construction of a $260,000 auditorium will be started on the Tulane^ University campus soon, Dr. Rufus C. Harris, president, has announced.
Know What Joe?
The Purdue Exponent is pretty smooth, too. There are over 6,000 students, in addition to the faculty members, who read it every morning, so, in case you want to . . . • sell a car • buy a typewriter • rent a room
or in fact, if you want to buy, sell, or trade anything, you'll be wise to use the Classified Ad column in the . . .
THE Purdue Exponent
Business Phone — 5038
Time Marches On
But thath no sign your gal wants to march with it I Even Old Faithful has nothing on our trolleys—Regular as this famous geyser and Father Time himself. We’ll get you to your date on time, and get her back on time. What more can you ask? Why Walk When you Can Ride?
LAFAYEHE STREET RAILWAY
Wilson, Betty Jane Datr, Joe Hays, Bob Brody, Walt Gipe, Wise, Brookman. —JORGESON.
If unable to,come get in touch x^th ttket -KINGSLEY.
Scrivener Subscribers: Wilt tbe following persons please get their Copies of the December issue at the Scrivener office Friday, January 6, from 4 to 6 p. m. and Saturday, January 7, 1:80 to 8 p. m.: Marjorie Acheson, Kathryn Alburn, J. WBuck, N. Carson, A. D. Croxall, Margaret Eahn, Robert L. Page, Chester Riegle, P. H. Schafer, A. P. Schnaible, Betty Zinsmeister. —JUSTIN.
Reamer Club Mfembers: Get your Noifthwestern game tickets from me at 201 Vine Street or in the Union cafeteria before Saturday, January 7. , —J40KS. Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, January 9. at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JACKS.
X
Gold Peppers: All girls who turned in their Hekets for the basketball games please call for tickets Saturday morning, January 7, at the WSGA office between 10 and 12. —COOLEY.
Wesley Foundation; New Year’s Open House will be Friday, January 6, at 7:80 p. m. No admission will be charged. —HOOVER.
WAA Riflery; Practice schedule: Monday, January 9, 'Ward 4 at 6:16; Ward 1 at 7:00 ; 'WRH North at 7 :45 ; Thaeles at 8:80. Ward and sorority managers see me at your regular period. —SMITH.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. on Friday, January 6: Botaford, Denlinger, J. A. Fisher, J. D. Fisher, Adams, Ely, Lawler, Leckie, and Sturm. —SQUIRES.
Union Sophomores: Our committees please report in Union Workshop at 4 p. m. Friday, January 6. —COOPER, RICHARDSON.
Boxing Team; All members of the boxing team should report to the pieldhouse this afternoon, and every afternoon thereafter. —MAXWELL.
Co-ed Archery; Will shoot Friday, January 6, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s gym. —BALCOM.
Agriculturist: All assistant editors and editorial assistants please leport in the Agricultural office on Monday night, January 9, at 7 p. m. for work. Be prompt
Fraternity Presidents’ Council: Dinner meeting at the Phi Kappa Tau house Tuesday, January 10, at 6 o’clock. Important. —DEAN.
POPCORN CANDY
DAD’S
GUM CARAMEL CRISP
PLACE
CIGARETTES CIGARS
So
TOBACCO SOFT DRINKS
Handy
Take
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
the Cleaning Road to \ Economy! Frequent Cleaning prolongs the Life of your clothes! You will like our lovely work. USE IT OFTEN! Call 3085 American!
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for e College Education H. G. REISNER
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• jewelers .
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz BuildlrKi 4h and Main Phone 5701
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Dine
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
START THE NEW YEAR BY SAVING MONEY AT FRANK'S PLACE 111 Vine St. ''y(est L^^e^e
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP