Kettle Named Greek Council ^•resident Moi^e, Koch, Stock Chosen ForOther Positions In Quiet Session
J. W. Kettle, a junior in ,the schwl of imecKanical^ and president of Sigma Phi Epsilon frateimi^^ was elected presidsht of^ t^ Fi^erid^ PMsident’s at a Kafieting iield iii the MeinorM; Union Building last night. Dan Morse, president of Beta Theta i*i fraternity, was elected vice presi^nt; Koch, president ^ Thete Chi, sscretary; and R. J. Stock, piesideht of PM Kappa^ teSaStirer. : Noting was close, majorities for each positiCn being only two or three votes, but the meeting was or^ derly and quiet. The election and ah agreement to apppint a committee to publish next year's interfrater-^ nity “rush book” comprised all the business of the meeting wMch was held under the direction of Wi G. Compton, president of Phi Gamma Delia fraternity.
Baccalaureate Sunday, June 7
Dr. Charles W. Gilkey Chosen As Speaker
Dr. Charlea-Whitney Gilkey, dean of the chapel of the University of Chicago and professor in the divinity school there, will deliver the baccalaureate sermon at Purdue University Sunday, June. 7, it was announced yesterday, Dr. Gilkey is ohe of the best known speakers in the middle west on religious topics find has spoken at Purdue at various times in the past. Dr. Gilkey has had a long and interesting career in the educational find religious fields. After his graduation from Harvard in 1903 he re mained there for graduate study and obtained a master’s degree a year later. He also holds honorary doctor of divinity degrees from Williams College, Hillsdale College, Yale, Harvard,.Brown, and Colby. He Was ordained a Baptist minister in 1910. Since 1926 he has been on the University of Chicago staff, the last eight years as dean of the chapel. The baccs^laureate will be the first of the established University events in connection with commencement, which will be held Tuesday, June 9.
Lull Aunoutices Debate Appointments
D. A. Brafford Was appointed senior debate manager for next year, according to an announcement made last night by Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the division of speech. Other appointments made include R. o Dearth, M. C. Drott, and W. E Perry, junior managers; Jean Small, co-ed manager; and Ruth Grimm, Secretary for the high school debate conference.
Students Write Radio Program Material
Mary. Jane Cleveland, member of Alpha Chi Omega and freshman in the school of home economics, is writing apart of a radio sketch called “Fred Marshall” for radio sta tion WO WO in Fort Wayne. This sketch is part of the Voice of Youth program which may be heard every Sunday afternoon from 3 to .3:30. Another University, s t u d e n t Charles Campbell, Sigma Chi senior and former managing editor of the Exponent has helped to compile material for interviews With University students on “Timely Topfor next Sunday’s “Voice of Youth Program”, which will feature Purdue University.
Bobby Bedford, a Fred Allen amateur winner, is rated by show critics throughout the United States as, “the singingest little feller we’ve heard in many a day.” He possesses a voice of amazing beauty and power and his worh is reminiscent of that of Morton Downey. He is billed on the floor show program at the Airport Dance tonight from 9 to 12.
University Issues Report Auuual Paper Describes Development
An intimate glimpse of the growth and development of the University during the past year, and also a view of the University statistfcally from its beginning in 1874 may be found in the annual report of President E. G. Elliott and other officers of the University which came from the press recently. The report covers the 1934-36 fiscal year, but does not include the facts and fibres oh the
Weather permitting, Capt. L. I. Aretz will run aeroplane rides for patrons attending the first annual dance sponsored by the University Plying club tonight at the Purdue Airport from 9 until 12. Tickets for the dance, priced at One dollar, may be securod at Gie en^ #ahce? jgate to the airp^ groimds and hp one ;may . enter. whhout a ticket. The money will be used to finance the chib’s trm to the hatipnal air meet tMs year; , Entertainment ^ A galaxy of canipus^ local, and natiohal talent Will be on display during the flppr show, starting at 10:30 o^clock, fprempst among these being Bobby Bedford, recent Winner in Fred Alleh’a amateur hour arid popular entertainer of the stage and radio. Other promMent members of the group include Jan Niison, blues singer^ Marion Fearheiley, tap danc er, Phyllis Ingleman and Dori Muel; ler, spectacular “truckin’ team”; Jp Friend, featured vocalist with Bud Bryant and his orchestra, and Hugh Morris, as master of ceremonies. “Sweet Shop Service” Frank Fox, mariager of the Union Sweet Shpp, has taken charge of the concession stand and promises to offer the “same high-class service that you get in the Gweet Shop.” There will be plenty of good parking space and the hangar floor will be especially prepared for dancing, following the reriioval of the planes stored there. The terraces of the building will also be open for loung ing.
Gas MenEnd Gonference
Elect L. C. Heavner President; 170 Attend
large increase in enrolip|ent during the current academic ypar Which will be covered in the nextiannual docu-
ment.
Among the interesting facts revealed in the report is the rapid growth Pf research work at the University, with brief descriptions of many of the projects of both industrial and agricultural natures. Some of the constructive events of the year listed by President Elliott in his section of the report were the upward swing in enrollment over the two previous years; the opening of the new residence hall for women which now is in its second year of operation; the granting of direct aid to students by the Federal Emergency Relief Administration and now known as the National Youth Administration, Other Improvements Others he names are the preparation of plans and specifications for the construction of the Student Service and Administration Building,
Farquharson New Vice President New President I
ceives
ority On
FirstBMol;
Glen W. Martin, mechanical engineering junior and member of Phi kappa |*si fraternity; was elected president of the Student Senate at the tneetirig last night in the Union Seriate oflSce. p. H. Farquharsen, civil engirieertng stjMent and Sigma Chi fraterriity member was chosen vice president. Jean Adkins; home ec junior, kappa Alpha Theta, was named secretary. J. A. Townsend, agriculture junior. Alpha Gamnia Rhofi was elected treasurer unopposed, r ■ Three Members elected to the executive coniniittee include: S. R. Wirth, C. E. Reiley, arid Hope Reisner., ,, . The new officers assume their positions imMediately. P resident Frank Stone presided over the elections.
150 Attend Stump Dinner
IVorvell- Addjr^ses De^ batprs, D r a m a t i s t s, Radio Workers
Indiana Gas Associatiori’s twentysixth' annual convention. Which was in session here at the University for the last two days, was brought to a close yesterday with the election of L. C. Heavner, of the Northern Indiana Public Service Company; at Ft, Wayne, as its president for the ensuing year. Nearly 170 utility men from various points of Indiana were present for the convention, which was a considerably larger number than last year. ' H. C. Wolf, of the Central Indiana Gas Company, at Muncie, was elected vice president, and P. A. McLeod, of the Public Service Company of Indiana, at Newcastle, was re-elect-ed to the position of secretary and treasurer. The newly elected president served as vice president during the past year. / Final Session The final session, which was held yesterday morning, included a discussion on “Recapturing the Gas Revenue”, by V. A. Grief, who is vice president of the Gary Heat, Light, and Water Company, in which he emphasized the importance of the Use of gas in the field of automatic refrigeration, especially for apartment houses.
which is now being erected; the appointment of Dr. Lillian M. GUbreth, noted woman engineer as professor of management, and of Miss Amelia Earhart as consultant on careers for women; and the creation of the board of examiners for clerical personnel within the University.
Examination Change
Prof. Laurentza Schantz-^Hansen, of the home economics department, has announced that the final examination for applied design 62, scheduled for Wednesday, June 3, will also be given on Tuesday; May 26, in the auditorium of the Home Economic Building. The reason for the change is to allow students to leave earlier, since most freshmen, who are taking home economics, will finish exams by Moriday, June 1. Anyone wishing to do so may take the test May 26.
Virginia C. Meredith Club Elects Officers
At the final meeting of the Vir ginia C. Meredith club yesterday afternoon, Lillian Murphy was elected president of the group. Other officers elected were Mary Wein, vice president, and Pearl Jackson, secre-tary-treasurer. Mary Tyler and Mary Dix were the two seniors elected to the advisory board, and Muriel Blakely and Doris Kitchiri were chosen to represent the juniors on the board. The faculty members on the advisory board are: Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Ruby Clark, Miss Marga.ret Beeman, and Miss Helen Goeppinger. Following the election, Mar^ Yeager, a freshman in the school of home economics, presented a puppet show entitled “Show White”.
5
STUDENT S Short importan riday iri the re
ENA'TB t ineetiiig at ception room
of
the Union. lAtt
eridarice com-
>:.;^pulsory;:y:.". ;:
MARTIN.
senatb nobiinattoN^ : >
: : SCHEDULE :
s-•• •. • . Number of Sen&tor
Sdhool. Rooln Nominees In Charm
Agr.
AgHall
Fr.
Assembly 4
Townsend
Soph.
206 4
Butz
Jr.
209 4
: Gardner
Ch.E
Heav. Hall
Fr.
108 4;
Manion
Soph.
109. 4
Kelley
Jr.
202 4
Maxon
C.E.
C.E. Bldg.
Fr.,
iOl 4
Farquharson
Soph.
201 4
Boyer
Jr.
202 4
Stone
E.E.
E. E. Bldg.
Fr.
134 4
Chapin
Soph.
220 4-
Wirth
Jr.
284 4
IkacPbersoh
H.E.
H. E. Bldg.
Fr.
Audi. 4
Stewart
Soph.
108 4
Adkins
Jr.
109 4
Peterrtsi
m:e.
M. E. Bldg.
Fr.
108 4
Craig
Soph.
.207 4
Pierce
Jr.
103 4
Adams
Phar.
Phar. Bldg.
Fr.
108 4
Pierce
Soph.
■ ■ . ' 0.
Jr.
0
Sci.
S. C. Hall
Fr.
12 -4
Light
Soph.
■ ■ ' 14 ■ : 4 .
Cox
Jr.
114 4
Robbins
Confusion, Disorder As Stone Asks For Vote ,Df JConfifenee'
£
Prof. Lee S. Norvell, natiorial president of Theta Alpha Phi, dramatics honorary; explained tke WPA theater movement to 160 debaters, dramrtists, and radm workers gathered at Lincoln Lodge last night for the annual Stump, Stage, and Studio banquet. Tau Kappa Alpha, forensics honorary, presented a farcical skit entitled “Presidential Elections” while members of Playshop gave “Psychopathy Becomes O’Neill”, a takeoff on Eugene O’Neill’s plays. “Razz” awards were made by L. S, Winch, speech instructor. Official Awards Official awards for debate work were made by Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the division of speech, to Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, gold keys for three years’ service and recognition as most valuable debaters; J. W. Fredericks and Florence Hester, most improved debaters; R. M. Sasser and Mary Wien, most promising freshmen. Others were given honorable mention. H. Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop, presented awards to Jack Allen, most promising freshman; Ada Mae Roe, excellent character portrayals; Ann Sims and Dick Robbins, performances in minor roles; Virginia Meguiar and Barnard Everett, special creativeness; Floye Crepps, production work; and Edith Gregory, greatest contribution to Purdue dramatics. Radio Awards Radio awards were presented by Tom Johnston, University publicity director, to Frank Justin and Russel Iiehe, gold keys for three years’ service as annouricers; Bob Hammond, gold key for three years’ service as program manager; Ada Mae Roe, announcer showing most improveMent; Bill McCord, arinoxmcer showing most promise; Hugh Morris and Glenn Mei^fim> announcers most fulfilling all-round requirements. Silver and bronze keys were also awarded. Theta Alpha Phi held a meeting after the banquet, electing Charles Callis, president; Jean Small, vice president; and Ada Mae Roe, secre-tary-treasurer, for next year.
Special Merit Tests Given Today:
Special Merit Scholarship examinations will be given today to about 180 aspirants. These have been chosen from three times that number by competitive exams given in the high schols from which the Candidates come. The test consists of three parts; a psychological examination, a test in the mechanics of English, and a mathematics training test. Five and seven-tenths per cent of all imdergraduates who hold this scholarship are Distinguished Students, while out of the whole group of those cited for distinction 39 per cent are Special Merit^cholarship holders.
Three U. of Georgia students called King Edward VIII the other day to tell him about an athletic contest. Has majesty was out—bill, $76.
Indiana Fliers Will Make Tour Of State
After placing an almost unanimous vote of confidence in President Frank Stone yesterday afternoon on his action in declaring two candidates having less than the 3.5 index standard, eligible for P. A. A; elections, the Sttiderit Seriate voti^ td rehold elutions the offices y ctf ; vice ptesiderit arid hC^ cheer er rimirded to R. J; JikieUer arid Wv Burnell, respectivMy at tlm recent polls. ; “I made this decision with Wirth arid Towrisend, co-chairmen: rif the elections conimittee,” said Stene. “I am- inclined te count the election and accept it As final..It was a perfectly honest election. On the other hand ^ feel; that we shotdd stand by the 3.5 rule to the limit and look on that as an exception.” ■ ; ^ ^ OnTheSpot Ed. Elliott, chairipion for re-elec-tions, stated: ‘ffou were on a spot and had to make a decision. I tinrik the decision may have beCn all right at the time, but it was not the right one te nnake. There are two entirely different issues involved.” Three ballots were taken before the issue was decided definitely. Following Elliott’s motion to reelect men for the two disputed positions, an oral vote was called by President stone. As the number of sigriifications for either rejection or approval could not be determined, a vote by hand was takeri. Cries of“nttotion carried” and “motiorivnot carried” accompanied the counting of hands.. A written ballot carried the motion by a small margin. Insnlts; . The entire meeting was characterized by confusion and disorder. Senate members asked for the restating of motiom ^iseveral times, even after they bafl been voted upom Speakers contradicted themselves, hurled insults, arid were jeered by their listeriers. * “After givirig a vote of confiderire, like a bunch of children we are goirig to rebut the electioris,’’ said ButZ. “It looks like not a d - - n bit of confidence to me.” Nothing further could be learned last night before time to go to press regarding plans for a new election. For further developmente, watch these columns. v -. '
Indianapolis, Ind.—(Special)—Indiana’s foremost flying personalities will be represented in the personnel of the eighth annual Indiana Air Tour, which will make a circle flight of the state between June 22 and 28, it is indicated by early entries filed with Herbert 0. Fisher, tour director and director of aeronautics for the Indianapolis Chamber of Com merce. More than sixty planes are expected to fly a route, yet to be selected, which will take them to more than a score of Indiana cities and towns during the week. The tour will take off from HoosiCr Airport, IridianapoUs, June 22, and will return to the Municipal Airport Sunday afternoon, June 28,
Russell Named Business Manager Of Playshop
Tippecanoe County Alumni To Meet Today
Tippecanoe county Umversity alumni and the faculty alumni committee will meet this evening at 6:15 o’clock in the Union cafeteria for the purpose of making arran^inents f or the faculty-alumni, luncheon, which will be held Saturday, June 6, and for welcoming alumm when they return during coirimencement week. Prof. J. D. Hoffman, ’90, chainrian of the faculty alumni committee, is urging as many to be present tiiis evening as possible in planning for theeverit.'
Sam Russell was named busirieaa managi§r for Playshop, According to an announcement made last night by H. Kenn Carmichael; director. Other members of the Playshop board for next yehr include Charlea Callis, publicity; Robert Keteham, strige manager; Frank WHIey, electrician; Floy Crepps, make-up; Mary Tangerman, costumes; Catherine Cromer, art director; and Culotte Holden, secretary.
Phi Sigma Kappa
Phi Sigma Rappa &ater^ty apriounces the election of the foUowing officers: Charles Stevens, president; Coleman Hardey, vice president; Harold Feelig, secretaiy; Spencef Smith, treasurer; Robert Forkrisr; rush chairman; Charles Eeufferle, editor. .
PAGULYY
TheregrdaririOntWr of the faculty will be held on Monday, May 26, at 4 P. M.. in Stanley Coulter HaU. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C.ELUOTT. President.lIVBilMr «t Natimwi Colles* Prasa Aanodat . , - . Bxdndvcly Bepreaented by Kational AAvertia ^ 420 Madison Avcawe, New York Cit Sintered aa second class matter at the post oflfice, Lafaye^,'''Indiana. Delivered by mi^n, $8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by slhBMw>py/
ItisineBB Phme 6038;
MAIN OBTlCE-512 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
: lBditor'in-Chidl„„. MsiaBsias Editor^
EDiyORtAL STAFF
;.E.iH, Morals
Astoclato EditoTBi -JK. A, Barnette, 3. B. Brodi; A. H, ForMiM;, R, P, MMilon. D, Bold And Black Editors Geneive Sexaon. S. M. Truitt
Sports Editor.
SFOBtS STAFF
A^tociato Sports Editon—.
s]'B; Griffiths, B. P. Ctoerichtoto D- SV "Wilson
BnaineSs Manager-
BUSINESS: STAFF
Local Advertisii^ Manager..—w National Advdrtiaing Manager-.
...^ j. HolsO ....D.:;0, MiUer ..L;H,: Brown
Friday^ May 22,1936,
issue Editor-—€. D. Schroeder.
Election For the second time in as many years fault was found in the P.A.A. elections. The president of the Student Senate, faced with a difficult decision, took the wroiig coursd. He was censured by the Senate for his actions and it was decided to hold the elections again tomorrow. Last night, an agreement was reported to have been reached whereby the ineligible men would be called eligible, an agreement which would rest Upon
There are objections to having another electiom but we wonder if these objections are strong enough to counterbalance the merits of correcting a grave error. The Senate must decide that today. Part of the plan for preventing the re-election hinges upon the refusal of the other two candidates to run again. Pressure was brought to bear upon these men, but they will run should the Senate refuse to whitewash its late president’s action. New petitions would probably be called for in the case of the cheer leader if he be declared out, however. Was politics connected with the Senate’s vote yesterday ? Some say emphatically yes, others proffer an equally vigorous no. On the face of things, there is a good basis for charging political ihterfererice.
gillie , student Senate elections yesterday came at a critical mo ment—a moment when the student body is just beginning to awaken to the cold facts about that so-called governing body. The new officers have an important choice facing them. They can continue in the rut of the past two years, or they can really make something out of the Senate. At present the Senate does not seem to have much authorif., at least with such matters as the automobile ruling. A really hard-working and able group of leaders might do much to overcome this apparent handicap. If the University saw that the Senate was in capable and rational hands, more power might be conferred upon that bodyj or at least its opinions might carry moreweight. The tendency in the pastj when confronted with a problem, has been to appoint a committee. Committees are notoriously weak when it comes to accomplishing anything important, and the Senate committees have, on the whole, been no exception The question of honorary fraternities is a notable example.
everybody knew, and make a few weak recommendations, which the Senate for some reason did not see fit to even diseuss. Thus the problem still remains. 'One major improvement the new regime could, and should, undertake is to make the Senators conscious of their duties and aware of their responsibilities. This past year has been especially bad from a disciplinary standpoint. Even with a total membership of approximately forty students, the average attendance this year has been only about twenty-five. According to the Senate’s own rule, members who miss three consecutive meetings are to be expelled. Will next year’s leaders follow this rule? In addition, throughout th%,year some of the Senators have displayed a woeful ignorar jf of the procedure and aims of the group. We wonder ho^^^ny Senators have ever read the constitution of federation ? Politics reared its ugly head in the elections yesterday. This does not mean that the best man did not win, but rather that a clique was so strongly organized that almost anyone it had backed would have been elected. It is indeed a disgrace that campus politics should invade what should be the fairest election held. Therefore, the new officers will of necessity be on their guard all through the coming year, to avoid the charges . that Have been so freely flung hither and yon this year. All Senators are not to be condemned, however. Some of them, in a minority, perhaps, have performed their duties faithfully and have advocated the things they felt most essential to the welfare of the student body. Since their work was both increased and made more difficult because of the apathy and, possibly, insincerity of the other members, they are to be doubly thanked by the students they have represented so well. The past of the Senate has been black. At times its very existence has been of doubtful value. But the future has yet to
Out Of Date? YES
of F. W. stone to the contrary, revision is sorely needed, and immediate revision is distinctly preferable. The first opportunity for voting upon any amendments which might be proposed will be at registration next fall. The Senate made arrangements to appoint a committee at its meting yesterday^ Will that committee prepare the necessary revisions for action next fall? We doubt it. ilarififiaf.ioD and amendment In t [; fresh is to be done as it was this year; the ruling as to eligibility for Senate membership should be modified to make it read as it has been interpreted; the eligibility requirement, as incorporated in icicle 6, Section 1, should be amended to conform to the present ■‘rule”; the control of the Senate over elections and eligibility should be madedefinite. Indeed, a wholly new constitution mig^ht not be bad. What is the Senate going to do ? Whoil tho state is most corrupt, then laws are most multiplied.--^
Nice clean eledion with no tronhle of any kind—sneh a hooey. In fact the whole affair is fall of hooey. A new election—no! no new election—^yes I gu^s we had better hove one—On Bishteenth though maybe we hBd 'bdtercall school off and start all over again. Who is President of the Senate anyway? What Senate? What does that August body do? Oh, yies! they keep people off the grass at Purdue where they have eligibihty rulings. If a guy can yell, what a difference does it make how dumb he is ? Why don’t these presidents and ex-presideiits stay in town w^ is 'lapping ? - Stone lost! .Blaxtin ^cd-: ebrating! By the way, who said the Senate had anything PAA elfiCtiohs anyway? Boy! have We got h :buhch>df Wis!p?-u^Shy sdi-^ ators! Aw! tuKell with it, I think I’ll go over to the Blazer and ge.t under the table with the STUDENT SENATE..-; Stooges for Bold and Black are thicker than Sweet Shop smoke these days. Yours truly has been off since ’33, so please ’sense any stale ones . . . or rather—please ’scuse. Dedicated to DeeDee Weber, the best little knitter on the campus: “You Can’t Purl the Wool Oyer My Eyes”. I love my wife, but Oh you George. Waiter : Would you like to drink Canada Dry, Sir? Visitor: I’d love to, but I’m only here for a week, —;Wampus. That one about Purling Wool reminds us of the Night Watchman’s song, “Take a Slumber from One to
Ten”.
College is a funny thing. For eight years in grade school you learn to write a decent hand, then in high school they don’t give a hang, but when you get to college, reports are accepted only in type and instructors’ notes can’t even be read. (e. g. —Witness Bobby Lowe’s hen scratchings on test papers .-. . but those marks of Doc McKee ... PHOOEY!) Doc. Mason: Now, Bob, if I lay six eggs here and five eggs there, how many eggs will I have ? Kessler (with a shy glance^: don’t believe you can do it, sir. Swiped (as usual). That was one of the’33 vintage. After the last batch of elections, it would seem fitting to suggest that the Sig’s and Chi O’s get together and tell Doc Elliott how to run this place. What does it matter, though, the Theta’s will be able to tell rushees what a bunch of activities they had back in the good old days. Rumor has it that the Union will wash the ballroom windows before Gala Week. They looked like part of the wall during Prom. Maybe the stickers will be taken off, too. Temperance lecturer : If I lead a donkey up to a pail of water and a pail of beer, which will he choose to
drink?
Soak: The water. T. L.: Of course, and why ? Soak: Because he’s aii ass. Wampus. The above is printed especially for Milt Pottlitzer, of Blazer fame, to assist him in his arguments against Prohibition. Watch tomorrow for the new pledges of the Dealt Out Club. The “actives” are meeting tonight for a hard job.. . there are t^ many that have become eligible lately. A desire to remain anonymops was of no avail. Therefore no dirt— at least that’s a. good excuse.
Over Sttpreme Court Laid To Harvard Men Cambridge, Mass.—(AGP)—Harvard students, who sent a fake bomb to Gov. Curley, of Massachusetts, and pinned a red flag, complete with hammer and sickle, on the flagpole of the Supreme Court building in Washington may be severely disci-
plined by the college.
Although it was thought likely that Leonard Parmer, freshman who sent a bomb made of candy, excelsior and an alarm clock to Massachusetts’ chief executive, would get off lightly, student editors of the Lampoon, humor magazine, were in line fw roii^ treatment fey: th6 dean’s office for the part they allegedly played in the rdd flag iucideht. Severity of the disciplmary measures taken against them, it was said; would depend upon the protests of federal aUtfeonties m Wasbin^n.
W. A. A. activities, poise, and schol“P” letters were awarded'to Virginia Hawkins, a senior, and Helen Beko, a sophomore. It is unusual for a sophomore to win this aivatd. Numerals Numerals were given to Martha Smith and Margaret Jones. The intramural cup was won jointly by Ward 2 and Kappa Kappa Gamma. The juniors won the class cup, with the sophomore, freshman and senior groups placing in the order named. Professors Hazelton, Gamble, McFarland, Partch; Misses Brady, Fllis, Coolidge, Russel, and Schleman; Mrs. Randolf and Dean Dorothy C. Stratton were guests at the spread, which was arranged by Betty Elstun and Janette Shaffer.
Baseball, Chicago at Purdue, Intrardural Field, 4 p. m. . ,1 Delta Upsilon Informal Dande, I chapter house, 9-12, ThBta Chi Informal Dance, chapter house, 9-12. Mixei*, Union ballroom, 9-12. •
DEAC HAS EVEEYTHING COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Remmers 'To Leave For Washington Tuesday'': Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the University division of educational reference, will go to Washington Tuesday, at the invitation of Dr. Homer R. Rainey, director of the American Youth Committees of the American Council of Education. He has been asked to confer with Dr. Rainey regarding a proposed project for measuring the attitudes of American youth. Before going to Washington, Dr. Remmers will make a trip to Culver tomorrow to speak on “Recent Trends- in Guidance” at a regional meeting which is being held in conniection -with the National Youth
Association.
Wesley Foundation To Entertain H. S. Seniors All Methodist seniors are invited to attend the third annual reception for local high school seniors td be held by the Wesley Foundation tonight at the Foundation house. Those planhinig to eUter the Uniyerr sity are especially invited to attend. The. reception will be at the Foun.datipn house on State Street, and will last from 8 until 9:30 o’clock. A varied program has been arranged, iricluding vocal selections, readings, and talks by various officers of the Foundation. Refreshments will be
served.
Sunday is “recoghitiori of seniors” day in the First Methodist Sunday school in West Lafayette. All seniors active in the Foundation will receive a red rose at the Sunday school
service.
and':'/■'■■■■ JIMMIE ALLEN '■.: in ■ “Sky Parade” with KATHERINE DE MILLS WM. GAEGAN - KENT TAYLOB
Aimiial Picnic At Ross Camp The annual Triangle fraternity picnic will be held at Ross Camp all day Sunday. This affair is sponsored by the alumni of the fraternity with the active members as guests. In addition to the Lafayette group, alumni are expected from all over the state and a few representatives from Chicago and ChampaignUrbana, Blinois. About 150 attended this affair last year. The purpose is to stimulate acquaintance and develop a better spirit of understanding and cooperation betvsreen the ac-
tive and alumni members.
PAUL A. BISK ROBERT G. BISK HAEOM J. BISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 SdinltB Bldr. PImhm STM Comer 4th aiM Main
The thlidHng fellow' calla A yellow: V-8 POED TAXI CAB ElacR Cars for Spe^al Oeeasiona . 25c paaeengrer any part of the city 6028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Lowe To Play At Mixer Louie Lowe and his eleven piece band will furnish the music for the regular mixer tomorrow night in the Memorial Union ballroom^ Lowe, a member of Phi Delta Theta, graduated from the school of civil engineering in 1927 and he is now playing at the Indianapolis Athletic
Club.
Sharpened and repaired.. New and used inowers. Prieea on new Ball . Bearing' Mowers $6.26 and op. Mowers called for and ddivered. F. los. Mulliaispt & Son 209-it North Blfth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHDR 213 Vine St; W. Lafayette
PATEONIZE EXPONENT
se-Werkhoff
Phone 3882 V
P. M. Department Will Offer Advanced Geoimetry Course Beginning with the fall semester of the 1936-37 term, an advanced course, P. M. 116, will be offered to those students that have successfully passed the requirements of P, M. 16, and who would like to further their knowledge in the'subject of descrip' tive geometry. The course will gdve three credit hours, and vfid consist of one lecture arid two laboratory periods each week. The latter periodT vdll at times be conducted as semin-
TODAY - SATURDAY
JOAN BENNETT CARY GRANT i» ,
and PAUL CAYANAGH \ HEBBEErMUNDIN ^ HELEN WOOD 'In--Ml
I ■
k '71
iil
isi
:
i^i
Winner Of Two And One-Half Mile Race To Receive Silver Trophy By Don Wilson SwSi^^ers and would - be swiinm^;iyill meet this afternoon to hoii^^and continue the 13 year old trul’^ion of the Boilermakers to Hold an allcampus river swim starting from Lincoln Lodge on the north River Road and ending at the Brown Street bridge. The swim, which is scheduKd to start at 4:15, was won last year by G. H. Kerber with a fast time of 25:32.2. Kerber cut the -time eight minutes from the record made the previous year but he failed to beat the record set in 1933 by Max Lautenbach, who stroked down the-muddy current with an amazing time of 23 minutes and >54 si0eohds. ;fof the jtw ^ . mile grill.
PMTau’sWin OverFmFsi s
Only three more games remain to
ternoon Phi Kappa Tau defeated the Phi Psis 17 to 6 to win the right to play the SAE’s for thd monojpoly of the loser’s bracket. The Phi Psis committed many errors in the game and looked ragged all' through the nine innings. Sonnes pitched for the winners- with Yovanovich as the backstop and Mason and Carlson with Maloney as catcher were the battery for the losers. The winner of the game between the SAE’s and the Phi Tau’s will play the Sigma Chi aggregration for the championship sometime this week. Tbe Sig’s need to win only one game and they are the favorites to cop the trophy.
By Bob Walpole
Phi Delt s Win
I
Attitude Toward Paid Aihleti^B
SWIMMERS"
All : Contestants will please report to the gyih with equipment at 3:50 this afternoon. Rides for. contestants will be furnished by the intramural department. —HAMILTON
Oqtside Of these two, Kerber ^hd Whitcomb, all of the contestants will be hew hands at the game and some vety stiff .competition is to be exr pected as some promising names apr pear in the following list of entrants: John Jarvis, M. C. Kraft, SJ. H. Teyton, G. Tredweil, L. J. Biehl, B. S. Clossoh, R, Si Marshall, CroSbyv Kerber, W. P. iTyerell, R. G Peterson, A; R. Lindgren, G. I), Arnold, Whitcomb and W. E. Houghi A i^ery attractive statuette goes to the winner of this event the same as has been given for the past feW years and the next five places Will also receive either gold Or silver medals. - -
Dliiiniidk Lead Interviews Fdr Mentors Interviews to choose mentors for incoming freshmen and transfer women were held yesterday afternoon and Will be continued today Jeanette Scudder and Margaret Dimmick are in charge. They are as sisted by Aline Marshali, Irene Feldt, Mildred Mills, Edha Hutson, Betty Goit, and Virginia Blocum Forty girls were interviewed yesterday. All others interested wall be interviewed today. The schedule of times and places for the interyiews is carried in today’s notice column;
Anna Mae Jones Wins Co-ed Golf Tournament In the finals Of the annual co-ed golf tournament, Ahiia Mae Jphes defeated Audrey ■ Cason yesterday afternbbh at the Municipal Golf course. A tenth hole Was necessary tb finish the match since the players were tied at thb end bf the ninth.
BIG LRAGPEJ SMIW0S, 1^' . ^ '-I' '■■'■'^NATiolAL LEAGUE;'': ^
St. Louis.. New York.. Pittsburgh-
ChicSgo..
Cincinnati..
Boston:.
Brooklyn., Philadelphia..
W. ;..19 ...19 .. ...16 ..IB ......15 ■■14 , ...12 .;12
I.. 10; li is 18 17 :il6 19 21
Pcfc .665 .688 ;BB2 .600 i469 .467 .887 .864
AMERICAN LEAGUE
NewYork... Detroit... vGieVelandChicago.. Washington.. Philadelphia.: St. Louis..
W. ...22 - -28 .....18 .17 ..:..14: ...-17 ..10 ■7
L. 11 IS 14 14 14 18 15 25
s s
: YESTERBAY^S RBMtAs
i-f. -
. - NATIONAL'LBAGIJE Boston, 8 ; OinciUnati, 2. : Chicago, 4; Brooklyn, 0. St. liOUis, 4: New. York, 2. Pittsburgh, 7 : Philadelphia, 4. ; AMERICANLEAGUE Cliicako, 8 ; Philadephia, 2: Boston, 6 ; St. lyuis, 2. Detroit, 10 , New York, 9. Wa'shihgton, 7; Cleveland, 4.
4-4
4^ 4- 4- ;4- 4- 4- 4^ : TODAY^S GAMES + . 4- '>- ^ ■-4';' ; NATIONAL league
Boston at Brooklyn.
Philadelphia at New York.
Only Carnes Scheduled.
; . . AMERICAN league New York, at Cleveland. ;
Philadelphia at Chicago. Only Games Scheduled.
4- 4>
4-. 4-
The Exponent isn’t in the habit of predicting events, font since we have a column and not much else to write about we will take a shot at the Mg Ten Track and Field m^t, being run today and tomorrow in Columfous. If we guess wrong, go ahead and say it; ff we guess right . . . then we can say, “We told you so”, but we won’t . . . anyway, let’s go ——fc—— Beginning with the two mile run it looks as if Don. Lash of Indiana will breeze through with an easy win. Lash has a 9:17.6 record which will be hard to beat. We pick Tommy Deckard, also from Indiana as second, and Chuck Fenske of Wis cousin to place third. • Lash sbould rbpeat victbfy in Uie mile niu vplih Fenskb as second, and Clay ton Brelsford of the Wolvennes puir chbice fbr a pbs-; sible third. ^ : Beethant of Ohin Stsde and Flem*ihg ’ of .Northwesterh;. will; :be:.'.fight-■ ing it biit ^or;first honors in thb^.half' mile,. Both men ,Mve:dohe:: hhe half ; under 1:53.5, and either may win. Third place shoald'^o to Pot Lakie Glendenning.
—
Ellinwood, the former Purdue track man who is . buiiiing up the cinders for the Maroons, should easily take the quarter. Hq ran the last-lap -of the mile “relay for the Chicagb team in an unofficial 47.5 when Purdue met the Marbbns in a recent dual meet.; Secbnd place we graiit to Sunny Heg of Northwestern With a 47,8 record, while third place should be captured by Birleson of Michigan. fb—; We almost have to concede the dashes to Ohio State’s great negro sprinter, JesSe Owens. He Set “ a feW world’s records for himself at the meet last year, and present indications point that he is capable of holding them. Owen’s 20.3 in tbe 220 and his 9.4 hundred are exist ing World’s records. Bobby GrieYe of Illinois is the must likely second plabe mnn in the htmdred, and Dooley of Iowa should reclaim the second place he set last year in the 220. Third place in the 220 we grant to Grieve, and in the century to Collier of Indiana. —fC-r- ' ; We predict a close race in the 120 yard high sticks with Indiana’s Dan Galdemeyer finishing out in front. Although Kellner of the Badgers won the event last year, he seems fit for second place. Bob Osgobd’s 14.9 places him as a probable third. ; ■ :—^fo---: . The 220 low hurdles should find Owens again finishing in front of the field, with Cretzmeyer of Iowa and Galdemeyer finishing second and third respectively. ' —fc— We believe that these men will win, but, upsete are likely fb happen in any and all events . * . so don’t hold us for them ...
Dropping First Set Yesterday afternoon, on the varsity tennis courts, Craft and Meihaus, playing for Phi Delta Thqta, downed Stubbs and Buenting, playing for Phi Kappa Psi, to win the fraternity doubles tourney. The set score, was 2-1 and the game score was 1-6, 6-4, 7-6. Stubbs placed his shots well in the first game and Buenting backed him up and it looked bad for the Phi Delts. In the second game, Meihaus found his forehand and began to hit the back line consistently. The Phi Psi team had difficulty in getting the lobs over the net and lost the second game when the- Phi Delts found this weakness. The last set was nip and tuck for the first eight games, hut the Phi Psis weakened and lost the last two games because their shots were just clipping the base line but landing
dtitbide.
Rosser Will Pitch Against Chicago In Season’s Final After the upset win over Notre Dame last Wednesday, the Purdue diamondmen are all set to make it twb: in a row with a vi^ oyer Chicagb libre tomorrw The first game that the team playbd witb thb MbriMjns; bh^ this season, both teams were ragged, with the game ending in a 22 to 16 win for Chicagbl Wednesday’^ triumph; bas given the LambertMen the bid pepper that has been lacking game ahd ew erybne is iqbking for a last game bf the season victory oven the bbys from the midy^, If thb teani ebmes through, they will have wbn 2 conferefibe, gambs and lest ninej b piercentagb of 181 and that is good ; bilougb to keep us{ above the bottom of the heap. Coach Lambert will probbbly use Bob Rosser as the pitching hope with Krausb in the backstop position and the rest of the men in the same place as they were in Wednesday’s
ganie,;^;
At beirt it is a deplomble condition, but if every other School in the country practices the buying of athletes, why shouldn’t Purdue Im of some help to fellows who are good athletes bnd haveUo other way of obtaining a college education? This question has been raised time and agaiiTin study room “bull-ses-sions” and it is high time that Purdue students get some idea of what other schools and students think about the subject. Outright support of athletics is no new idea. Undergraduates have suggested it many times. Such a suggestion raised a tempest at Princeton a few years ago, and last fall the University of Louisville Cardinal boldly asked, “Why not go out and buy a good football team, since the one we have isn’t any
good?”
Questionnaire The Associated Collegiate Press sent a questionnaire to its member papers. One hundred and fifty-eight replies came back. The answers ran from everything along the lines of
radical salary ideas for players ‘ »«|j absohite-Dcnvii with all paid ath- | letesl” Many of the schools sent in . % ideas, tallying with the latter of these ideas, which were obviottshir rash, hypocritical statements and ; > ^
can be taken as such.
A few of the ideas of various
students around the country are as I
follows: Bernard Stepensky, sports editor of Main Events, New York
University ptiblieation says: “Cbl- ^^0 lege sports left the simon-pure cat- ' / egory of their own volition when - ^ ' they introdeed immense, costly '
stadiums. Hsrpociitical denials .of
subsidization merely lead to hiimil- ' , iating experiences.” Boyd Sinclair v
of Wesley College (GreenviUe, Texas), says: “Observation shows us that 90 per cent of subsidized athletes are lazy, shiftless, do not ap-
(Continued on page 4)
mm
sigma; DELTA; PSI
Tombffbw vtiU be the last chance this ybar for any one tp mahe Sigma Deltg Psi. Organized mexi and ward participants are eligible for this honor. Those interested report to the st»dium this afternoon between 4 and 6 O’clock; report tomorrow at the stadium between 2 and 6. ]Hve intramural participation points will be given each house that has a man make Sigma Delta Psi. McCORMiCE.
Net Squad Enters State Tournameiit - Four of Coach LaBree’s tennis team left recently to compete in the state tennis tournament which is being held at Earlhaih Collegb at Richmond, Indiana. Although the squad has pot had a Seapson, they have metsome tough com--petition and have shown potential Strength in the matches they have plajmd*.' V :
CANOE OWNERS
Canoes wanted for the river swim. M^ill pay ^1.00 per canoe. Please cell the; ihtramurtl office end! have your cenobs at Lincoln lodge at 4:16 today. HAMILTON.
JJcruch-J\/^^
Complete Line of WIKIES SOUTHWORTH’S
WmfiSlMrry{Buiier)Crah6f gsaukie Gantuer WIKIES
UAMTMIR & MATfIRN CO. ^akm efAmmWs FiH0a Swim
[In Lafayette it’s Deweriter’s ^ who handle Gaiitiii^r Swimming Tyunks 416 Main Lafayette
Action
An
IvertiselDttent
in the
lowers
come tn life in the spring because tbe warai puts n^ fife fc to them. And advert tising will have tbe same effect on your business*
-
II C
'*1^5''“’' ■ ' '
fk‘h
%0‘^j >_i it ‘lilf.. ^ "'
;|l?.
'tiiM&diHcmfoim’:
i ‘Mm 1?raffid Markera ^have bi^n
into GaBfoxnii^ aceorji-
’ •■'/ ing to a special feature story in a , recent issue of the Los A^eles
’Which was written following
ah Inspection made by newsj^apermen of that city, > x Californians highway en^neers have planned to use these markers in various jfilaces over the state for testing purposes, it was reported. The special road device is similar to those in use on Fourth Street in ’ Lafayette and elsewhere in Indiana. David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees, invented ■the markers and presented the Purdue Research Foundation with the
patents.
Insurance companies in Minnesota found a considerable decrease in traffic accidents after the installation in that state, according to the newspaper account. Prof. Hepburn And Wife Leave On European Tour
I
Professor William M. Hepburn, University librarian, and Mrs. Hepbum left yesterday for New York City, where they will embark on the liner “American Merchant” for' a summer vacation in Europe. The Hepburns plan to stop first at London where they will join their daughter, Mrs. James Arthur Junston, and Professor Funston of Richmond. The two couples will then spend part of the summer on a motor tour of the Continent, planning to return to the United States in August.
jGpe’s OrcliestfA
Contrbdt Am SMp*s‘:i^d ' Chuck Coe, a sophomolre pa the School of comical engiheering and a member of Delta ^Upsilon fraternity, has been contracted tc take ap orchestra as ship’s band on the S. S. l^ormandie this summer. Coe is now playing first saxophone in Bud Bry-
ant’s orchestra.
The Eleven Essential Minerals in Youth Bread and What They Do Calcium Tones up sagfgimg muscles and builds teeth Phosphorous-Builds shin cells Iron Gives the shin a youthful bloom Sulpbur Beautifies the shin and hair Magnesium Clears the complexion Copper Builds rich blood Sodium Neutralises stomach acids Iodine Regulates thyroid glands Chlorine Cleanses body cells Potassium Buflds muscles ' —tones eyes Manganese Keep^ nerves normal
Perfect Bridge Hand Not Easy, ^ys Professor Bozeman, Mont.—(ACP)—Bridge players who look forward to being dealt a perfect hand have a long wait coming according to J. J. Livers, instructor in mathematics at Montana State A and M College, who has calculated that the chances are 1 in 158,753,389,900 hands. From a standpoint of time, he estimated that this would take 37,730 years of steady dealing for 24 hours a day to produce the perfect 13trump hand. A 150-honor hand in contract bridge has a 1 to 505 chance, and a 150-honor no trump hand has odds of only 1 to 379. Wisconsin Deanes Code Meets With Resistance Madison, Wis. — (ACP)—When Dean of Men Scott H. Goodnight attempted to improve a behavior code upon University of Wisconsin students recently, he met with stubborn resistance. The dean’s code, which includes provisions barring liquor at any university social function, limiting all fraternity parties to first floors and chapter houses and a rule giving a faculty committee power to deal with all cases of drunkenness, at parties or elsewhere, was denounced as “high-schoolish” by fra
ternity men.
Declaring that there was no proof student conduct was worse than at any previous time. The Daily Cardinal, student paper, decried the attempt of the dean to extend control over student affairs. QUESTIONNAIRE— (Continued from page 3) predate opportunity, and are debilitated mentally, because they will not put forth enough effort to establish thinking habits.” These ideas give us food for thought. The big question is now, will college football become a rival of pro-ball, in which case it might logically be expected to merge with
it?
%olSu0ciA
‘ '"Coltlkbusi '(5hib (ACpVT^The' hand that never robkeii a cradlb ma^ nevertheless^ be an old hand at a crib. ^ ' ' * < ^ Npt to be put done in ^e mad race of American undergraduates to organise, Olxio State students have formed the University Society for the Promulgation of Cribbing (unrecognized, so far, by the Dean’s Committee on Student Affairs) and their researches have brought to light many esoteric and devious ways of confounding the unwary
proctor.
There are many ways of confusing the instructor, the society reports, citing the case of a memben who had been annoyed by an overly suspicious proctor. The examination fell on the first of April, and the game was therefore legitimate. Noticing the student’s repeated glances at a large watch, the instructor demanded to see it. Written on the dial were the words: “April Pool.” Baffled, the instructor retreated, and the student immediately resumed his long looks at the watch. The canny proctor decided that tliis was a part of the strategy, and came back for a second inspection. This time the slogan was: “Fooled
Again.”
MBA4 pieribds, ^,"#^13. 'tow '.'Will speakef p4dr- a WBAA birqadi^st from 12 to 1^:16 R. m.’tomorrow/ ort the 'Subjecfc^,‘‘J./ Ai Roebling J^adj^ Builder”. This'series of broadimsts has been sponsored by Professors W. K. Hatt>,and Wr E. Howland, of the school of civil engineering, in connection with their course C. E. 80, historye of engineering. Previous speakers have bOefi J. D. Pierce, J. D. Anderson, and C. T. Reynolds.
Typewriters, Adding Machines.— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work ^one. G. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. -
SOCIAL BRIEFS
SPAEEENDAHL Merchant Tattor 507 Main St.
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
We are exclusive Bakers of Youth Bread. Graves’ Quality Bakery
Kappa Alpha Theta is holding its annual spring formal tonight at the chapter house. Dick Shelton and his orchestra from the University of Illinois will furnish the music. .—sb— Alpha Chi Omega will hold its annual spring formal tomoi*row night at Duncan Hall. Byron Smart’s orchestra from Frankfort will play for the dance. —^sb— Ralph Reynolds and his orchestra will furnish the music for the Chi Omega spring formal to be held tomorrow night in Allen’s ballroom. —s-h Bud Bryant and his orchestra will furnish the music for the Flying Club Dance tonight at the University Airport from 9 to 12. I Local Artists ExkiWt Over Forty Paintiiigs Over forty paintings on exhibition in the second floor corridors of the Memorial Union Building illustrate the work of local artists. This exhibition of home talent is being sponsored by the University committee on art affairs, of which Prof. Lawentza Schantz-Hansen is chairman. Several of the pictures depict local scenes, as Mrs. F. E. Robbins’ “Green Light”, Lloyd Moser’s “Howard County andmark”, and “Along Wabash Avenue”, and Eleanor Brokenbrough’s “Wabash River”. Edward Sherlock of the firm of BeLemer and Sherlock, is represented with several pictures. Portraits form a large part of the collection although there are many landscapes also on view.
Classified Ads.
MKvvvwii o »ua iy,;ou. > \ jj! at Ti Wnigy' W' room 2 of L"''. v”'' ' .‘ji ■J; ^ . .Srablmndt 4nd today ik'A' In Armory, j ’■r a . , ;' J ’I ^ ■- ,, —OLEMNY. ^4 'Zouarto—Borcfrt to Armory kt 4 lioday for pictures. ' . . I 4 ‘ ’ “'4'4—WINYBEr^. Zottavea^'THose who Went\to‘Ii*or6 Knox arrange to see me before Sunday^ ' ' ‘ >'1' A . —MURRAT(. 4 Catalyst Pledges—^Meet in tlnion tonight. —CHANDLER. Senior Women—Personality rating charts now ready and may be seen at any time by making an appointment at the women's per-
P.4 1b!s* W.'f-Ciassefl—KnowlWge' test'"'!#? spring acftivtties given today at 4.,R^hrt M,' foUOVi^i tennis—biology lecture .rohmi bksei* ball-—•lat'ge.igymi* swimming and atoherjr-f' small,pm: golf at 2.oi'78—hygiene lectnrA' room. Locks most be turned in* today, andlockers emptiediat once.- - HAZELTOM.',- " r..^l.’,^’fe^her*l7.Fm3liWam4dili>&o^'' and aumor' women planning -to teach physical education should ipnke^an appointment for a conference in'mkin office for next week'. 4 4. .4 - 4,-'4r . ,4 Arcliery—Open archery p^tice at* 4 ti^ay' and tomorrow morning~at t the intercoUe* glate tourney Will be held. i , ' , '..--BOEHlf' „
Chamberlin’s Special For This Week—Cherry Custard and Vanilla. Order it—^it’s delicious.
Lost—Brown Suede Jacket in .^rmory Wednesday afternoon, owner’s name, Andrew Place, inside. If found call 2116. Reward.
Lost—Exposed camera film. Finder call 75643.
Lost—^Bradford and Eaton machine design book. Call McAdoo, 2401.
NOTICES Me MUcee aoetytoi sftw S ». ak
Freshman Ensrineers—Students carrying assignment cards, but not taking engineering lectures, should report to the head of the school in which they plan to enroll before May 26 for a conference in 1986-37 schedule. —KNAPP.
English 1 Students. Past and PresentStudents who have not yet made a passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. 'The time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows: punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enrolled in English 1 will need a removal-of-condition card in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF.
A. S. M. E. Members—Get magazines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. —SHIFTS. Student Senators—^All Senators assigned to preside at today’s nominations who are unable to do so, please call me at the Senate office between 12'.SO and 12:45, —WIRTH.
Mixed Swim—Pool will be open at 7:30. Couples only. —BRADY.
W. A. A.—Open practices for archery at 4 every afternoon this week. —SHIELDS.
Mentor Interviews—The following girls please report to W. S. G. A. office today: 4 :00: Alexander, Janousek, Martin, McCoy, McCool, McQueen, Meguiar, Merritt, Murphy, Mytinger; 4 :i5: Nelson, Newman, ParIon, Pendergrass. Perkins, Peters, Pittman, Pierce, Pyke, Ristow; 4:30: Roe, Richards. Rueff, Rogers, Ross, Richey, Rushton, Reed, Haber, Ruchti: 4:45: Stewart, Small, Sidwell, Shafer, Sutherlin, Scott, Snyder, Sexson, Test, Timberlake ; 6:00: Turner, 'Thompson, 'Thiess, Townsend, Thornbrough, Vene-
■I—iim
4 PHOTOS Enlargements 2Sc
KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO Co-ed Day Every Thursday Phone 7727 662 Main St.
10c
iillefs swill-.. J1 lalil
SUBSCRIBE FOE MB EXPONENT
Our Walking Testimonial Frieiily Slioes
When a customer of ours steps out in a pair of Friendlies we like to know his feet look well—^in case he’s asked where he got his shoes. ^ We take extra care on little points of fit—around the ankle, across the instep. These help make him a satisfied customer. Stop in and see our new line—you will be surprised at such values at $5.00.
FJilk
... keeps you going
Milk is the most ^mplete of all foods, but it must be pure, fresh, and wholesome. May we suggest milk from— SliitislkiiiLe FarnxiS, Inc. Phone 5015 '
M
MARKS TH E SPOT X WHERE SAFETYf \ BEGINS » • • ♦ «
-^MationatSafet^.C atmai
NEGLIGEES CRISP DIMITIES' DOTTED SWISSES BATISTES! VOIIES
Other Shoes at $3.0‘0 and $4.00 B. & W. Shoe Co. East Side Square. THE JARMEN FRIENDLY SHOE
m
Cool 05 on ocean ^ .w
breeze'. . . col^ul
050 summer goraenG',' A You’ll flpot crisply '
^through'the lazy"' /
^ summer days ahead /
one of thjBse pret-
*ty cotton negligees."""
New and refreshing fift ^
M patterns. White and »
FOR lAZY SUMMER DAYS AHEAD! Loeb A Hene Co.