t •
Exponent
Volume 51# No. 151
Friday# April 12# 1940
Snow Forced Cancellation Of Pirate ^ Purdue Tilt
Preseiiting Miller's Pillrollers • 1 Dr. Miller Recapifulates The History Of His Famous Bowling Team
' By Jtfe Dolan
^ s « '
A few nights ago, the' local eismograph station recorded several severe shocks of an unknown variety. The scientists and joint was tossed into a panic, but calmed down on repeiving information from the Union building officials that Dr. Why- Paint- With- Iodine- When- Ya- CanAmputate Miller and his bowling team, the pill-rollers, were administering a resounding defeat to the Cocoa Cola Girls of Terre Haute. The rocking motion of the tremors then and there prompted me to interview this loquacious administrator of hypos, tape, and sugar-syrup coff-medi-cine. We found him yesterday in his domicile up in the administration building looking at the ‘"Florida” weather with that old “this will bring business” in his pupils.
They’re really an interesting lot, my bowlers,” said Doe Mil-
ler, “there’s Strychnin^ Willis, bacteriologist of the health ser- ^Qrfar Bosrd MsGStrO
vice; Arsenic Stuckey, chief bowler of the university. Morphine Ash, better known as Dr. Ash, of the West Lafayette residential individuals; Caffeine Gullien, the West Lafayette clothier, and me, the greatest maple mauler that ever tossed and rolled a ball no lighter than eleven nor more than sixteen pounds.” Conservative Doc '
Co-ed Prom Hours
Co-ed hours for prom have been announced by the WSGA Executive Board, The co-eds must be in their place of residence by 6:00 o’clock a,m. the morning following and men must leave at once imless there is a chaperoned breakfast at the girl’s residence. Girls attending breakfasts at fraternity houses must be back in their own places of residence
by 6 a.m.
For co-eds planning to be out of town any time duritig prom weekend, they must present written permissions from their parents to the housemothers by Friday morning, April 19. This also ap^plies to girls planning on attending out-of-town picnics, shows, or dances. ''
That’s what we like about Doc, he’s so darn self-conscious if he’s third-degreed about himself. Our little conversation was interrupted by a youngster who came into the Miller “lab” with a jamiped phalanges (finger). Doc continued to string out the conversation and at the same time the finger. I’m Ready, Coach “We’ve got a couple of substitutes out on the team,” related Doc, • “they’re Nicotine Goodwin, down at the Varsity boot shop, and Narcotic Damon, the fellow that says ya can come to Purdue or ya can’t. “We’ve got a dual game tonight with the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity and the Chem department tonight, but we’ll polish ’em off with ease, because we have walloped the Lam Chi’s four times this season, the last time by 290 pins. The Chem department should be duck soup; so tonight’s games will merely be an exhibition for those lucky individuals who’ll be in the alleys tonight.” We didn’t go down to the “exhibition” for fear of seeing our pill-rolling heroes defeated and a ruination of our ^ory. I just like to remember the team as it appeared to us out in fully-depicted interview yesterday. Defeated Only Once ' According to the good Doctor, the only defeat suffered this season by his alley-mongers was by Paul Moss’s all-split team. Paul used to do a lot of footballing for Purdue back in the early thirties, as a matter of incidence, he made the REAL a!ll-American team in ’34. Moss and his gang issued an 11 pin defeat to Doc’s outfit, and it took all the sleeping pills in Doc’s domicile to create an atmosphere of forget for Captain Miller, Coach Willis, Manager Stukey,, Trainer Ash, and score - marker - upper (recprder) Gullion. Defeat, Poof! But this defeat didn’t stem the terrific recreation-tide of Dr. Miller’s outfit.' They bounced right back to administer two resouding defeats to the Coca Cola girls team of Terre Haute. Doc proudly remarked that the girls’ team went down in defeat by a hundred pins; anyway they did better than the Lam Chi’s against the avuncular Miller club. Now Doc’s Winning And those girls aren’t the only ones who felt are going to feel the adaptability of Miller to the bowling ball; Dr. has challenged the physical education school to a dual with maple pins and composition spheres. Now these PE’s don’t let challenges go unnoticed, especially when they are from the guy that pulls tape from their anatoniical structures like a forester after a distinctively! rotten piece of bark. Play Athletes, Too “Representing the physical eds against us will be Captain David Rankin, of the football team; Captain Felix Mackiewicz, of the baseball team, and Ted Hennis, Tony Juska, and Leo Diehl, of the spring grid coaching staff.” Even if we annihilate the PE’s, they will appreciate our efforts in attracting them (Continued on page 4)
Greek Golfers Play Tomorrow--Maybe Providing the weather improves by then, Greek golfers will take to the links for the first matches in the Inter-fraternity mass golf tourney tomorrow afternoon. At this time foursomes made up of not more than one man from each house are sched./luled to meet at the Public Golf Course and play off the initial games of the meet. Averaging the scores of the men from each house to determine the house having the best golfers, the Intramural Department will award a trophy to the victorious Greeks, while the individual members of any houses having less than 30 members, and one-fourth of the meriibers of fraternities with memberships of more than 30 ar^to compete in this annual affair. WSGA To Hold Series Of Marital Lectures To provide a series of marital lectures for all snior co-eds WSGA has secured four prominent women doctors to present information on marital questions. These meetings will be held intermittently during the next four weeks at 7:30 p.m. in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union. April 18 Dr. Elizabeth K. Straus will speak on “The Physiology and Conduct of Normal Labor; Marriage as a Normal Relationship.” “The Emotional Side of Life” will be the topic of Dr. Mary E. Lee’s talk on April 26. Dr. Lucia E. Tower will discuss “The Hygiene of Marriage” on April 30. The series will be closed on May 13 with a talk by Dr. R. W. Gerard on “Marrigae from a Man’s Point of View.” Arrangements for the lectures are in charge of Agnes McCulloch, secretary of WSGA. New WSGA Officials Installed Yesterday Installation of new« officers and board members of WSGA was held yesterday at 4:46 p.m. in the WSGA office. Following the meeting the officers and board members were entertained at a dinner by Dean Dor-, othy Stratton. The recently appointed executive board included Eleanor Fink, residence committee chairman; June Close, activities chairman; Marijean Hutchison, office chairman; Jane Black, freshman orientation; Emmalinq Farrel, transfer orientation; Alice Newton, social chairman; Jane Schueler,v election chairman. New members of the judicial board are Alberta Densford, chairman, Doris Gamble, Ruth Swift, Betty Morris, Mary Ann Carpenter, Helen Schickler.
Late News Bulletins
Reynaud Reports Are Line Cut PARIS—Premier Paul Reynaud told the chambei: of deputies that the vital iron ore route, from the Swedish mines via Norway, to Germany had been cut and would remain cut. He stated that Hitler expected to find in Norway the passitivity of Austria in 1938 but encountered stubborn resistance instead.
The French army has cancelled all leaves in preparation for any flanking move that the Germans may make under the cover of the invasion of Scandinavia, War Deparf-ment' OK's
Plane Exports
WASHINGTON—The war department gave a proposed sale of three of the air corps’ newest pursuit ships to the Allies the O. K, today in the face of the invasion of the Scandinavian neutrals by the Nazi
expeditionary forces.
This action is expected to pave the way for an order for 8,000 American military planes and 13,000 enjgines valued at approximately $1,000,000.00. The tkree ships placed on the export list were: the Bell P-39, known as the Airacobra; the Lockheed P-38, a heavily-armecj interceptor craft; and the improved model of the Curtis P-40, which has already made a name for itself by
■^its
performance
Messerschimitts.
against the Nazi
Nayy Act To Speed Up Building Operations WASHINGTON — S i m u 11 a neously with the war department's approval of three of the latent aircraft for export the navy decided to hasten the construction of ten new warships in view of the explos-
ive character of the European situation. Opposition to the proposed reduction of the fleet building program cropped up in Congress today. "Hitler has made a great error"—Churchhill LONDON — Speaking before the house of commons, Winston Churchhill, First Lord of the Admiralty, forecast that Adolph Hitler, had made a great strategic and tactical error when he invaded Norway. Churchill stated that the battle of the Skagerrak is still going on and promised that the German navy would be blasted from the sea and that Britain would .gain control of Norway. Speaking in Paris at the same time. Premier ' R,eynaud asserted that Germany had lost eighteen ships, including four cruisers in the battles in Norwegian waters, while the Allies had only lost four ships. Stock Market Rise With Norvr^giaif Resistance NEW YORK — Stocks were generally on the up trend today as reports of increased Norwegian resistance and British success continued to pour in. Grains were strong and sterling maintained an early advance.
Weather Again Disrupts Early Season Schedule By Rolfe Jenkiiis In its quaint Hoosier manner the omnipotent vehicle of common conversation, weather, flurried itself into a premature contest with the Purdue-Pittsburgh Pirate baseball game, and skyrocketed to victory over both teams and the game itself. In its purest form it patted out any chance for the major league club to appear on the Purdufe campus. Ap official announcement from the athletic department last night stated that the game for today was cancelled, and that an attempt to make other arrangements for an engagement was futile. Purdue will not meet Pittsburgh.
Wayne McIntyre and his orchestra will present a variety of musical dance arrangements at his first appearance on the campus tonight. After singing last summer with Johnny “Scat” Davis’ orchestra at the Blackhawk in Chicago, Wayne organized his ovtn band under the guidance of Davis. Johnny’s brother is now a member of the newly formed orchestra. McIntyre’s appearance tonight is to be at the Mortar Board Southern Ball in the south ballroom of the Union. All co-eds desiring to do their part in leap year activities may purchase tickets for the last co-ed bid dance of the year for one dollar at the west desk of the Union, from Mortar Board members, at all sorority houses, and at the residence halls.
Newman Club Meets Sunday Newman Club will hold its monthly communion at 9:30 mass in St. Mary’s Church, Sxmday, April 14, followed by a breakfast in the school hall. Father Chapman, pastor of St. Mary’s, will be the guest speaker Sal Palma will contribute to the entertainment with an arrangement of songs and novelties! Sunday night, 8 to 11 p. m., a radio dance open to all Catholic students will be held in the school hall. During the course of the evening circle and mixer dances will be featured to enable all to get acquainted. A committee has been laying plans for the Newman Club annual spring dance April 27. At the breakfast a call will be issued for volunteers to assist in decorating and planning for this dance. Plans are being made for a mass trip to the University of Michigan, for the Ohio Valley Newman Club convention to be held Friday, April 19 to Sunday, April 21. Frank Murphy, recently appointed associate justice of the U. S. Supreme Court, will be the principal speaker at the convention. Lucky? Eds Af Co-ed Bid Dance Tonight Walking from the dreary cold of an “Indian Winter” into the startling contrast of the theme of the Mortar Board dance, thp Southern Ball with a drawling atmosphere. Leap Tearing Co-eds and dates will dance to the strains of the music of Wayne McIntyre tonight at the final co-ed bid dance of the year. The dance, sponsored by the Mortar Board members, replaces the informal Gingham Gallop which hag been held in previous years. In addition, the dance will be the only formal co-ed bid dance of the year which is open to all women of the campus. Tickets for the dance, which will be held at 9 o’clock in the north ballroom, are priced at one dollar, and may bej purchased at sorority houses .^residence halls, or from Mortar Board members. Bugher Leaves For YWCA Meet Thelma Bugher, junior home ec, and vice-president of the YWCA on this campus, Wednesday morning to attend the national YWCA convention being held in Atlantic City starting yesterday and continuing through April 16. More than 2,000 delegates representing every state in the Union, as well as several foreign countries, are expected to attend the conference. The prime pmrpose of the gathering will be to emphasize religion, democracy, and the building of a world community. All convention sessions will be held in the main ballroom auditorium of the Atlantic City convention hall. Miss Bugher will be a voting delegate to the business and professional assembly as well as a.visiting delegate.
Reason leads baseball followers to believe implicitly in that epigramatic phrase “History repeats it>self.” Last year Boilermaker followers fired up their diamond spirits in the firm belief that the Gold and Black nine would face the first big league team ever to appear on the campus on what turned out to be the last day of one of the year’s rainiest spells. It Might Rain This year the same baseball followers held aloof their enthusiasm in a Missouri sort of way with a skeptical eye to a nebulous sky. Advance sales reports were correspondingly low, but conditional replies from students and townspeople aindicated that.* large crowd would be waiting at the gate for tickets if the fates atoned for letting everyone down last year by pouring rare sunshine upon a still hibernating populace. ^But where rain was last year snow fell this season. That isn’t all. Iowa played the Boilermakers in the first Big Ten , game of the 1939 season and lost. The next day rain forced officials to cancel the second game between the two teams. Iowa then went on to win the Big Ten baseball championship. Let History Repeat! This year Purdue lost to the Hawkeyes in the opener and yesterday’s game was cancelled because of snow. Now all the Boilermakers have to do is reverse themselves and repeat what the lowans did, winning the championship in their turn. Maybe lightning won’t strike twice in the same place, but it’s pretty certain that there can be precipitation in the same spot, and to. make it doubly bad, in the same situation. There ain’t no justice.' Dutch Fehring corralled his players in the Fieldhouse during the late afternoon yesterday and talked baseball in preparation for the oncoming conference campaign. Next' week Findlay College will be here for two games, on Tuesday and Wednesday, and Purdue will resumh conference play at Indiana Friday and Saturday. ^ William Hudson ... Ag. ’ll, member of the freshman and varsity football squad, and Phi Gamma Delta died last Stmday at his home in Sturgis, Mich. His funeral will be held today at 2;3(> p.m. He is survived by his wife and son William.
To the Students of the University: Earlier in the year a request was issued for a more earefnl observance of the “Please** signs placed about the campus in order to protect both the old and new sections of the campus. The student response to this request has been most gratifying. In the interest of the protection of the lawn spaces of the campus from damage^ yon are. requested to relbrain from uril^r these spaces for baseball ind other games. Your ^perathm will make , nnneceeeary any police regolatldna or penaitfoek Edward a El&>tt^ President*^
4E^ ' ' ■_ ,,,. - ^ V ‘ ■
:..7Vrr ■■'■ V-- ■ ■■■.; ^•v, '-'^ ....^v ‘'".awiv-^v,,- j,- . —1 • .V ^ ,^"0.,.,,“-;^= ,-vV,^'r:' > v'U;.-:^:■ ^ r V .'^T'V ■;3f^ ' ' ■ ' r ',- '■ '■/“■ '• .-■, r "•''V''r . . .'/, '■' ' ' ■''- -' ,
, \
k
• >
PURDOE EXPONENT
Friday# April 12, 1940
lA“^
Galaxy
Of Golf Stars End Clinic With Shot Demonstrations
Golfers Acclaim Clinic As Success; Smilh Proves To Be Most Popular
Sarazen, Smith, Revdta, Metz, David Drive, Putt, Chip, Spoon For Crowd
Jovial Gene Sarazen, sun tanned Johnny Revolta, precise Dick Metz, and carefree.Horton Smith, four of the finest golfers ever to blast a ball out a sandtrap waded through the snow and slush yesterday afternoon to thrill an interested crowd of visitors and students by their amazing feats of skill in which they made the most difficult shots appear as a pushover. Upping from ^the improvised - i.
Research To Use New FradiOning Column
sandtraps, chipping ‘across the width of the Pieldhouse to bounce balls off a pin, and putting over the artificial greens to dodge the inevitable holes and rocks to sink imbelievably distant putts, the pros willingly displayed the reasons why they are the leading professionals today. Methods of improving golf instruction were emphasized in the sessions ye'sterday with Professor Helen Hazelton, head of the Department of Physical Education for Women, and Ted Payseur, golf coach at Northwestern University speaking on “Golf in the Colleges.” “The Average Golfer” was the theme of Herb Graffis, editor of “Golfdom,” Chicago, Illinois. Elliott Speaks “Selling — Yourself, Services, Merchandise” was the theme of President Elliott’s address which wound up the morning session that was presided over by Alex Cunningham, P. G. A. vice-president. Dr. Flyod Eastwood, Associate Professor, Physical Education for Men spoke at the banquet on “Research in Golf” which was presided over by Ray Smith, Secretary of the Indiana section of the P. G, A. as was the afternoon session. Motion pictures started the afternoon off with explanation by W. R. Smith, golf coach at the University of Minnesota. This was followed by Ray Smith’s talk on “Use of Amateur Photography.” Concluding the program was the demonstration which was transferred to the Fieldhouse due to inclement weather, by a quintet of professionals who demonstrated their
NOW SHOWING
Haltteney's; mi lENGTH FEATURE ' Pmocchio IN TECHNICOLOR
EVEN BETTER Than Snow White!
Ugly Weather Won't Hurt State Archers' Contest Tomorrow
Praises Clinic “I can’t say enough to thank the University for the splendid co-op-eration which it gave us,” were the closing remarks of Tom Walsh, the newly elected P. G. A. president. “I wish to thank the University for taking such a revolutionary move in stimulating interest in golf and I wish to thank all the professionals who attended for their work,” stated Tom Walsh. “We hope to make this golf clinic an annual affair at our school,” stated “Chief” Clevett, under whose sponsorship the clinic was l^eld. “Our purpose was to stimulate interest and to give the students and townspeople a chance to see the better known golfers in action,” remarked the “Chief.” “Our other objective was to help the people to improve their game and give them an opportunity to pick up pointers,” he added. “The turn out was greater than expected and the students were very enthusiastic and eager to try out the ideas the pros gave them,” concluded the “Chief.” Last year’s Boilermaker golf captain, John David, was also present and demonstrated his technique to the crowd.
Archery enthusiasts from all over the state are to convene in the Fieldhouse tomorrow for the state tournament sponsored by the Hoosier State Archery Association. Several experts will be entered and should give a fine exhibition of indoor shooting. Beginning at 10 p’clock tomorrow morning, matches may be shot any time during the day. The male entrants will be divided into three classes, according, to their scores, and then the winners and runnersup are decided for each division. The grand winner receives possession of a traveling cup until next year’s tournament. In addition he is presented with a medal, as are ones who place second and third. Last year’s tournament, which was the sixth annual meeting, was staged at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Jack Wendling, of Columbus, was high scorer of the entire tourney. Aged Like Archery Entered in the competition tomoiTow are the elderly Mr. and Mrs. R. L. Allen from Louisville, Kentucky, a couple in the early 70’s who both shoot consistently high scores. Total entries for the meet are expected to reach the 100 mark. College students are eligible for the tourney without entrance fees. Twenty-yard indoor ranges with 16 inch targets will be used in most of the matches. Sixty-yard ranges and 48 inch targets are to be employed by the collegians who will demonstrate their prowess in this ancient means of self-defense. Paul Earl, a director of the Hoosier State Archery Association who resides in Lafayette, announces that any students who desire special instruction during the meet or sometime later may contact him tomorrow.
Students
ARC
TODAY Thro SATURDAY m
ALSO-
BA*|^*** repcirci!:
iinun 12
Professors R. H. Ewell and H. S. Lecky of the chemistry department introduced a new type of fractionating column at the meeting of the petroleum division of the American Chemical Society at Cincinnati, 0., April 11. The purpose of the new column is in research work whenever it is necessary to separate mixtures of liquids, particularly in petroleum research. The former columns which have been in use required several repetitions during the purifying process, whereas the n^w improved column does several purtfications in one process. Thus far the column has been developed on the laboratory scale only, but larger size& are planned for construction. They will be'^ used in small scale laboratory work as well as large scale industrial production.
By Phil Johnson “It’s like old home week for me, returning to the good old Hoosier State,” smilingly remarked jovial Gene Sarazen, one of the quartet of outstanding golf pros attending the links clinic in the Fieldhouse. “I’m delighted to come for two reasons. First, because I have so many friends in Indiana, outstanding among which is your own George Ade; and the other reason is because I married a near local girl, a girl from Lebanon,-’ he added. Sarazen remarked that he had the >
First Of Frozen Food Discussions Held Here
Problems of the frozen food locker was the first topic of discussion before the 125 persons who attended the first of the frozen food conferences held in the state. The program will continue through Friday here at the University. Frozen food lockers were looked upon by K. F. Warner, Washington, D. C., federal meat specialist, as a means of improving the farm living. The federal expert explained that pork spoils all over, not in places. He said that when hogs are slaughtered, they should be chilled, cut-up, and frozen as soon as possible and kept at a zero temperature. “Only high quality fruit should be selected for freezing,” said the Washington specialist. For an example, he noted that corn on standing only four hours, loses half of its sugar content.
first job of his life in Fort Wayne, Indiana. When asked about the startlingness of the weather. Gene laughed and remarked that he was used to it, as he spent a good part of his winters on his farm Connecticut. Sarazen is extremely interested in the outcome of the trend toward education in golfing, and especially in organizing more clinics of the type here at Purdue. Favorite Smith Horton Smith proved to be the favorite of the crowd, not only for his golfing ability, but for his witty remarks and keen sense of humor. Smith was very profuse in his praise of the University organization. “Everyone and everything about the University impressed me with the fact that it is an outstanding organization,” he openly remarked. Before t u r n i n gj professional. Smith attneded the| Southwestern Missouri Teachers College at Springfield for two years. Horton cracked a parting joke before hurriedly leaving for Chicago, where he attended a golf party at the Chicago Athletic club. He plans to take
things easy for a few weeks and has no fmther matches scheduled until the middle of next month. During the intervening period. Smith plans to attend similar clinics at the University of Baltimore and at NYU. . Revolta Here Curly haired Johnny Revolta, who acts as pro a^ the Evanston Golf Club when not playing jn matches, added his praise to that of the others for the success of the clinic. “Clinics of this type are very important in creating enthusiasm for golfing. In promoting this clinic, Purdue has taken a forward step ahead of the other schools. Naturally, I’m glad to help make it a success and hope that I’ll he able to return next year,” Johnny stated. While discussing the faults of amateur players, Revolta remarked, “The grip is the most important fundamental in golf. Nine out of 10 players have hooks or slices because of faulty grips. Johnny’s next major match will be the Cleveland National Open Championship on June 1.
LUMA
TODAY - TOMORROW
HITS-
iii.i
IJBflKIB
TODAY-FRIDAY
rLorely, eliciting
! LINDA i
DARNELL
1 in a Btory that welJ.E might be bar own!... 1
STAR
DUST
1 with [Job. Pape • Roland Young i^Iotte Greenwood [min Gatgai • Marg Balli'Biijhei [ Matg Bealg • Donald Meek
— EXTRA — Cartoon - Act - News
Theta Tau
. . . who are members of the Church of Christ are invited to attend the regular meetings held at 3 p. m. each Sunday afternoon at 304 S. 27th street in Lafayette. Members are asked to send their names to Irwin R. Evens, 1025 West Sixth street. West Lafayette, or to call 4443.
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, Philip R. Jordan; vice-president, John Kuznicki; scribe, 'P. M. Glassman; treasurer, Russel F. Schmidt; house manager, W. F. Jordan; assistant house manager, C. F. Beckert; assistant treasurer, W. Miller; corresponding secretary, C. L. Good; outer guard, H. W. Heinrich; inter guard, W. E. McMillen; marshal, H. S. Weglenski.
Starts
Missouri Valley College has had a 40 per cent increase in enrollment in the last five years.
Now!...Another Famous Story Makes WRim6 Screen History!
mmum" > \
,,t:'
- - r
V '
, ■'. :p0
JPtidoy. April 12, 1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Music Campaign Leaders
Why shouldn't you look yOur best for the Prom (and "for many dances to come). We invite you to come in and inspect oiir formal wear department.
Pictured above, discussing the Indiana and National Music Appreciation campaigns, are Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, of Manila, state president ojf the Indiana Federation of Music Clubs, who is here on the campus this week for the state meetings, and Albert P. Stewart, University choral director, chairman of the Lafayette Music Appreciation campaign. The picture was taken in Indianapolis recently when state music leaders met to plan the campaign iii Indiana.
Miner Justin To Speak At Hitter's Conference “The 1940 Wheat Prospects” with special emphasis on the wheat crop in the United States and Indiana, will be the topic of Miner M. Justin, University agricultural statistician.
when he speaks this afternoon. The occasion will be the all day meeting of the Operative Millers’ Association.' Following this talk, Edward Ceska, of Riclimond, vdll discuss “High Speed Sifters.” Director of Agricultural Experiment Station, Harry Reed will .give an address of welcome at the noon luncheon.
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Our full dress suits are all made in the flattering Drape / Model having pleated trousers and stocked in all sizes. * Regulars, shorts and longs. Priced at $30.00.
y Drape Model double breasted tuxedos. Priced at $22.50 and $25.00
^ You will find e^verything you need for the Prom at / Geisler's. Our stocks are complete.
Swing & Sway the Arrow Way N o STUFFED SHIRT—this! Arrow Shoreham, because of its easy fitting flexible front and smart authentic collar attached, is the most comfortable dress shirt yet devised...$3. Sa'nforizedShrunk, fabric shrinkage less than 1%. Wear it the year ’round— in summer with white coat— in winter with tux ... but always with a black Arrow tie, bat or butterfly ... $1. Other Arrow dress shirts, $2.50 up. Buy one today . . . now. ARROfV SHIRTS
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties « at DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
Trackmen Meet Spartans Tomorrow At Lansing Boilermaker trackmen will joumey'north this afternoon to Lansing, Michigan, for their first outdoor meet of the season with the Michigan State team scheduled for tomorrow afternoon. A full squad of 25 men will make the trip. Last year the Spartans came out .
on top by a 76 to 56 margin and are favored to do so again this season, but Coach Phillips and his proteges are not so sure that this will be the case. Won Last Year Included on the squad are three men who won firsts in last year’s meet: Red Shackleton, Forest Weber, and Ed Holderman. Red is not only favored to win the quarter, mile tomorrow, but has shown that he can run a fasf" 880 and might score for the, Boitermakers in this event. ' Ed Holderman is expected to take both of the distance events again this year, but ■will prabably receive plenty of competition from the two Spartan distance runners, Frey and Fry. Weber is also expected to repeat his victory in the shot put and thereby add -much,needed points to
the Gold and Black totals. Rankin Improving Dave Rankin, who was not on the scene last year, has been improving in the hurdles and can be counted on to help the cause along with his performances in these events. The addition of Fisher, who reported after the basketball season, should strengthen the mile relay team’s chances for victory in that event. Edwards, A1 Gaulke, and Tycocki are also expected to score in their respective events. Those making the trip are: Edwards, Campbell, Lovett, Anderson, Volmer, Joorfetz, Bachman, Weber, Suto, Denzier, Rankin, Keim, W. Gaulke, Tycocki, Fisher, Wente, Sinimons, Anthony, Shackleton, A. Gaulke, Holderman, Jarvis, McLaughlin, Reeves, and J. White.
Goff Squad Also Takes It On Chin; Opening Match Is Snowed Under Besides snowing out a pair of baseball games and putting the damper on the outdoor activities of the Gk)lf Clinic, the inclement weather reared its ugly head in another manner today with the announcement by Coach Harry Allspaw that the golf match scheduled for this afternoon with the Detroit team must neces-
sarily be cancelled.
The cancelled match was to have been the opener of the home season for the links squad. Although Coach Allspaw was forced to fill several vacancies caused by graduation, the aspiring linksmen have shown splendid improvement despite the lack of favorable practice weather.
Evers Now Eligible
Outstanding amdng the candidates for the vacant positions are junior Bud Evers; Doug McDaniel, sophomore star; and C. T. Curran, Bob Skinner, and Sam Welding. Returning veterans are Captain Bob Holfer and Bob McKenzie.
Rumania Prepares For
Mobilization
BUCHAREST — The Rumanian government issued ^an order that all national defense factories must immediately store supplies for use in case of general mobilizations as large numbers of Russian troops were reported moving toward the
Rumanian frontier.
Large numbers of Russian troops were reported to have moved into the Odessa region which lies about twenty-five miles from the Rumanian Bessarabia border. Russia lost , Bessarabia to Rumania in post-war territorial exchanges and has never renounced her claims to it.
' Eighteen pairs of brothers are now attending the Missouri School of Mines.
POPCORN It's a Healthy Food * 5c Sack or a Gallon 15c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
-
Good Looks Plus COMFORT! IN OUR ROBLEE SHOES If there’s ever a time to shop for coiufort it’s when you « are buying shoes ... that’s why we’re particularly proud of our Rohlee shoes . . . because above all things they have comfort. Expertly constructed of good solid leathers, they combine good looks with long-lasting foot SATTERFIELD’S 524 Main St.
-Itii‘%'^' ;myiM
<f'
%
I»URDUE EXPONENT
Friday, April 12.
Alpha Zeta To Hold
Speech Contest Tues.
Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, will hold its second annual speech contest in the west faculty lounge Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. The contest, which is being jointly sponsored by the forensic board, is open to all agriculture students. Talks, which will be limited to seven minutes, should cover some phase of agriculture. Entries should be turned in art; Dean Freeman’s office by Monday. They should include the entrant’s name and his subject. Tlie three judges for the contest have not been selected. The winners will receive medals —gold for first place, silver for second, and bronze for third.
Presenting Miller's
(Continued from page 1)
Notices
CLASSWORK will be easier when the sun is shining.
IF
your clothes feel fresh and CLEAN!
CALL American for Pick-Up Now!
American Laundry
WeotSidoQffioo 132 Vino SL
Varsity Show Ticket Sellers: Brintr tickets to Fowler Hall. —liUKDKA.
WAA Tennis: Intramural and student faculty doubles tournament beerins next week. Headline for siRning up is April 17. The list is posted in the women’s grym. Monday and Wednesday there will be instruction for WAA members. —EMSHOPP.
Ag-ricnltnral Eneln^rlnar 11: An examination to remove oon'^ions in Aaricultural Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Come to room 106, old agricultural engineering building, to arrange for the examination. This arrangement must be completed by April 13. —RICHEY. HUBLER.
Outing Club: A bicycle hike to Battle Ground is planned for 1 p. m. Sunday, April 21. All interested whether having bicycles or not call Marcile Long, 2823 , Marge Ward, 41111, George Shawkins, 66714, or Fred Cor., dua, 36293. There will be_ an election of Outing Club officers at this meeting. —CORDUA.
Purdue Sportswomen: Initiation Thursday, April 11, postponed until Tuesday, April 16 Meet at 6 p m. at Women’s Gym. —MATHER.
Silver Mask: FolHmal initiation Sunday, April 14, 6 p.m. in room 232 of Union. All pledges bring a Sam Browne belt. Banquet following initiation. —WELDY.
to the bowling alleys, because those lads know the value of bowling as a wholesome recreation,” continued Doc. Bowling Over Hop Juice “The Chocolate Shop may have its values, but the university bowling alleys provide a hundred fold more value than the price of a couple of beers in the form of bowling,” stated Doc as he got started on student health habits, his pet peeve. “It’s a growing game in popularity with both sexes, proof is the difficulty in getting an alley during the day and evenings,” concluded the considerate Doctor. Runs Out O’ Wind . And thus ended forty-five minutes of the wildest interview that we’ve ever been subjected to. We’ve heard Doc called everything from a horsemedico to a quack and we’ve also heard the opposite; personally we like the laudable statements for Doc, because we’ve never encountered a more considerate, efficient, eradicatoi of student health problems than our own Dr. S. J. Miller. He’s a sportsman, too.
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party will be held on Friday, April 12, instead of Saturday, April 13, as listed on the social calendar. Refreshments will be served at 10 p m. before leaving for Maple Point. Please sign up at the foundation; tickets are 26 cents. —HORNE.
Independent Staff: Petitioners will be_ interviewed Sunday afternoon and evening, April 14. Post card will notify each of the time of his interview. Staff will work next Wednesday on issue for April 22. —ARCHIBALD.
SCA Members: A combination dance and party will be held in the faculty lounges bf the Union, Friday night, April 12, from 9 to 12. All SCA members are invited, they may come singly, or with dates. —MARSHALL.
Lutheran Students: A meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held m room 307 of the Union, Monday, April 15, at 7 :15 p. m. —HALL.
Student Service Fund Committee: Will meet in the east faculty lounge, Monday at 4 00 Please be prompt —HOBBS
Newman Club: Monthly communion Sunday, April 14, at 9.30 mass at St Mary’s followed by a breakfast in the school hall Sunday night, 8 to 11 pm, there will be a radio dance in the hall All Catholic students are invited to attend ( —GARTY.
Reamers: All men who still have tickets or money for Pittsburgh game turn them in to me today in PIA office 4 to 6 n m. —JENKINS.
Gimlets: All men having money or tickets out return to Fieldhouse pronto —^FRAZBE.
Reamer Club: Election of new officers will be held Monday night, April 16, 8 o’clock in Room 303 of Union , —REILEY Purdue Christian Foundation: The skating party scheduled for Friday night, April 12, at 10 pm. IS changed to Saturday night, April 13 at 10 p.m. Meeting place is to be 126 Chauncey All who can come at 8 p m. please do so —MANGUS
EXPONENT Co-ed Juniors and Sophomores: Compulsory meeting Friday, April 12, at 4 p. m. in Exponent office. All juniors and sophomore co-eds be there. —SCHILLING.
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of officers at 4 :30 p. m. Friday, April 12 in room 304 of the Union. All members must be present. Quorum imperative. —SHICKEL.
Catalyst Club: Meeting and party at 7 p. m. Saturday, April 13. Election of officers at meeting in room 110 of chem and met ^uilding followed by party. 'Those expecting to attend party must sign at Dr. Lovell’s office by Friday. —OMOHUNDRO
Tan Bets Pi: Extremely short meeting at 7:16 p. m. Friday, April 12, in room 212 of the Union, for completion of selection of pledges. —CATTERALL.
Baseball Call-ont: Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday, April 9, 11, and 12 after 4 P m. Three practices are required. —PIDGEON.
G E 36: Removal of conditions Examination April 18. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 109 before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
stop! And consider your leg size
!
The better your stockings fit the prettier your legs look We suggest Belle-Sharmeer Stockings i in your own leg size. They're individually sized in width and lengfh for perfect fit. Ask for your leg size. Brev for smalls, Modite for middlings, Duchess for tails, Classic for plumps. Here exclusively.
*1.00 {j *|.6S pjjf
THIEME & WAKGERIN CO.
622-626 Main St.
Modem Dance: Rehearsal Saturday^ April 13, at X:00 p.m. in the women’s gym. Imperative that everyone be there. —HICKMAN.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report on Saturday, April 18, by schools as follows. Students whose names begin with — A-E Room 129, Electrical Building F-Le Room 201, Civil Building Ll-R Room 101, Michael Golden Shops S-Z Room 264, Electrical Building —KNAPP.
But
Incidentally—
Military Students: The following students will report to room 103 at 4 o’clock on Mon day, April 16. They will receive their assignments for the Military Show for Gala Week. A. E Arkin, B. L. Blaksjee, G. D. Bradner, J. W. Brown, J. D. Brummett, T, M Bushnell, G. C. Chapin, M R. Chapin, R. A. Dibos, A. J. Dillon, C. N. Doup, J. P. Edwards, A, H. Exton, D. D. Getehel, B. W. Gibson, F. N. Graf, H. E. Gommel, J. F. Guzewicz, T. F. Hale, H. R. Hanson, R. B. Hawker, L. A. Hess, N. S. Hill, J. W. Hudson, R W. Huffman, J. G. Hurst, A. L Jackson, R. A. Jackson, M. E. Keck, J. E. Khnker, F. R. Knipp, W. L. Korte, C. C Kratz, P P. Longwell, W. H Lupke, R. A. Luthi, A. S Luzzatto, A. Manelski, C. G. Manley, R. G Massey, H. E. Milligan, C. W. Peterson, F J. Rogers, J. L. Schell, E C. Schrader, W. P. Simpson, R. C. Sleeper, L. Stallwood, C. K. Taylor, L. V. Teeter, A. A. Topp, J E. Trask, A. B. Van Scoter, W A Ward, S. E Werngren, E. H. Wilson, H R, Wilson, R E Wilson, G. M. Yurkanan —HURST.
By Vladimir
At least one reporter over on the Western Front has found time to be whimsical. We’re basing our statement on the story in yesterday morning’s Chicago Tribune. The correspondent was watching German troops practicing very near the front lines when he was inspired to write: ' “The troops flinging themselves on the ground, I was told, were practicing attacking in line skirmishes. Gabby Hartnett of the Chicago Cubs standing on the French side could have hit them with a baseball.”
Classified Ads
We call that humane warfare. But in order to even things up a bit, we think the enemy should be equipped with ball bats. We can see the Nazis now. Goose-stepping briskly in their gray striped knickers and short sleeved shirts; their shouldered bats swinging in unison. Heil DiMaggio!
Purdue Exponent
R. B. Iiudey W. E. Smith
Edltor-iii-'()lil«f _ Bmdneas UanaaMr
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, maiiaging editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; q. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5036;
Sports 2792
Entered as second class matto at toe post ofU^ io^I^
fayette, Indiana, under toe act of
, , Congress of Idarch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during toe regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail rab-
scription $8.60.
Represented fdr national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers R^resentatlves, 420 Madison Avc, New Ywk, N. T. All unsigned editorials are written by toe editorial di-
rector.
Sports Edition—Editor, R. Jenkins; Night Editor, J. P. Dolan; Issue Editor, M. M. Richards. Staff—J. C. Gniadto, J. AdamSon, P. Johnson, R. Swaim, and V. VIedimer, and Donna Siess. Friday, April 12, 1940 '
iy
'4)
4^
ium would please remove the liquor bottles and bobby pins and roll the mats up again as they found them. The place should be kept neat.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE — Typewriters. All ihakes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebersheff, 606 Mam street.
If the French are thinking of throwing baseballs at the “Flinging Nazi Troops,” they might offer an contract to the Diz. According to latest reports he might talk business if the French war budget will stand it. And he’s a pitcher, too!
FOR RENT
Rosa—Rent-A-Car Service. Cue for all o^c^iona. Min. $2.e« all night. Phona 71644.
We understood that the track managers wish that whoever unrolls the vaulting pit mats under the stad-
DEPARTMENT OP POETIC THOUGHT (Forecast Division) That “April showers Brings May flowers” For April snow.
LOST AND FOUND
Lost: Wallet, containing $6.00, tickets to piora, “Sweethearts.” $2 00 reward. Jack Findley. 4840
Lost: K and E log-log duplex rule No. 616930. Call 7026.
“Pee-Wee” football is now a part of the intramural program at Mississippi State College.
GOOD to the LAST CRUNCH
From the first slice to the last crumb—sheer deiiciousness. Pure ingredients mixed by skilled workmen to a melted tenderness, our cakes well deserve the high praise they receive.
Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororitie^*
WOLFREN'S SHOE REPAIR SHOP "Just around the Corner on Northwestern"
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
The greatest color show on earth!
mZ LEMOITADE • RED PUNCH
6^
Vome one . . . come all! Step right up; see; try Revlon’s two new shades for spring! Pink Lemonade, rosy companion to all pastels; Red Punch, vivid accent to the “sharp shades,” navy, black. Wear these “soft drink”color8 of intoxicating smartness in your long-wearing* Revlon Nail Enamel (60#) and your harmonizing Revlon Lipstick ($1.00). Together in a matching pouch $1.60. *Reoent discoveries in the Revlon research laboratoriea make long-wearing Revlon wear longer than everl
cfadi^
'► \
REMINGTON STREAMLINE
In this Typewriter,!, modern streamlined beauty is gracefully combined with utility. For years. Remington Streamline Model 5 has been one of Remington's most popular models. Now, with nbw important features which add to typing conveniences, the Remington Streamline becomes an increasingly useful and valuable adjunct to the complete home. It will appeal to students and will be exceptionally useful for social correspondence. It features controlled touch and action based on a gear type bar Mechanism insuring enduring satisfaction. The Streamline has the following features:
Pica or elite standard; other type faces, $5 extra; Standard domestic keyboards; Long horizonal line space lever and carriage return; Single, double line space Double shift key and shift lock; Right and left margin stops; Two-color ribbon D** carriage release; Right and left cylinder knobs" with automatic reyene; Paper release; Broad paper table with guide and scale* Paper fingers; Cylinder and aligning scales; Margin release; Concave key cards; Back spacer; Self Starter Paragraph Key, Touch regulator.
Carrying Case Included With Price Touch Method Instruction Booklet Free Special Low Terms
SPECIAL LOW TERMS
In Stock and For Sale by HAYWOOD’S "EVERYTHING FOR THE OFFICE" Fifth & Ferry Sts. Lafayette, lad. PHONE 4085