' ^
®he Puriue lExjjfliteitt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVin
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MARCH 19, 1937
NUlfBERlIg
Sophomores Dance To 'Deacon’ Moore Tonight The Sophomore Cotillion, one of the outstanding events of the social year, will be held tonight from 9 to 1 in the Union ballroom as the sophomores dance to the music of Carl “Deacon” Moore and his orchestra. W. K. Millholland, Alpha Tau Omega, and Peggy Timberlake, Kappa Alpha Theta, will lead
the grand march at 10:30.
600 School Children Feared Dead In Blast
Nominate New WAA Officers Co>-eds who have been selected by a nominating committee for the offices of W. A. A. are as follows: president — Mary Ellen Delaplane, Margaret Richey; vice president— Janette Shaffer, Barbara Dobson; secretary—Kathryn Merritt, Margaret Jenkins; treasurer — Janette Morris, Elizabeth Maier. At the primary election, to be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium, any active member may nominate, from the floor, girls for different offices. Pinal elections will be held on
March 24.
Debaters To Go On Radio Purdue’s debating activities will reach a high point this week-end with three two-man teams participating m the annual national Sigma Delta Rho tournament at Madison tonight and tomorrow. Charles Petticrew, Pine Bluff, Ark., and Robei’t Royster, Lafayette, the recognized Big Ten champions, will take part in a novel debate over the radio station WBBM at 5:45 Saturday night. Three Debates Each Two negative and one affirmative team will represent Purdue at Madison. Each team will take part in three debates. The negative will be composed of Robert Sasser, Chicago, 111., Wayne Fredericks, Wakarusa, Minert Magnussen, Whiting, and Joseph Rittenhouse, of Springfield, Mo. The affirmative team will consist of John Smyth, Martinsville, and Robert Buckles, of Louisville, Ky.
EXPONENT BOARD There will be a meeting of the Exponent Board on Friday, March 19, at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural E^riment Statitm. All elected officers are expected to be present. —HULSE.
//
30
ff
By Hugh Morris
March 19, 1937 A COLLEGE education says Miss Frances Parmer, movie actress and graduate of the University of Washington, robs a woman of her capacity to live. Eliucidating, Miss Farmer declared a girl is “fairly normal” when she enters college, but the strain of trying to meet each problem rationally and intellectually is too great for her. “Women live on emotion,’’ she claims, “and when that is taken from them by too much introspective thinking, they’re not feminine anymore.” —SOPOR Washington’s birthday, the University of Wisconsin Historical Museum ffisplayed autographs, portraits, and mementoes of the great General. Of chief interest, however, was a white shirt he used to wear. On it, written in indelible ink was, “Geo. Washington No. 8.” Apparently laundries haven’t changed. —30— BOOKS and the moods they create are divorcing Jack C. von Bloeker. University of California studeht from his wife. Alleging that her husband spent all his time in studying, Mrs. von Bloeker has filed suit for divorce in the cotinty superior court. . . she charges cruelty, asserting that since their mai;riage in 1934, von Bloeker has seldom removed his eyes from his text books and has developed an irritable temper . . .
Unique, metallic-silver programs with the letter “S” cut on the front displaying a Skull and Crescent seal will be exchanged for the program stubs at the door. Banquet Members of Skull and Crescent and their dates will hold a banquet at 7:15 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Prof, and Mrs. G. A. Young and Prof, and Mrs. C. S. Doan will be guests of Skull and Crescent at the banquet. W. R. Penstermaker, president of Skull and Crescent, will announce the pledges in the ballroom-immedi-ately after the grand march. Composer “Deacon” Moore and his orchestra, who have been heard over coast-to-coast broadcasts, are scheduled to play an engagement at the Aragon in Chicago after his appearance here. *• Committee Members of thevCotillion committee are: L. S. Hardin, T. D. Cabonargi, R. R. Hensler, C. S. Maier, J. R. Hammerstadt, and W. K. Millholland, chairman. Co-eds have been granted 2 o’clock hours by W. S. G. A.
Parlon Will Head Stage, Stump, And Studio Banquet In an election held last Monday in room one of the Memorial Union Building, Alice Parlon was chosen chairman of tbe committee for the annual Stage, Stump, and Studio banquet to be given May 20. Committee The members of the committee are: Sam Russell, Glen Merriam, and Charles Calhs in charge of business and tickets; W. E. Perry, invitations; Jean Small, Arthur Radkey, and Alice Parlon, program committee; Floy Crepps, arrangements; and Mary Ann Kelsay, publicity. Only members of Playshop, Debate, and WBAA staff are eligible to attend.
' New London, Tex., March 18— (Special)—^More than 600 school children were believed killed today when an explosion completely demolished the London consolidated school building, a $1,000,000 structure located in the heart of the Texas oil fields. Governor James V. Alfred immediately declared martial law to exist in the district and ordered in National Guard troops. He also instructed that a military court of inquiry be set up to begin an investigation. Gas Blamed Superintendent W. C. Shaw said that accumulated gas in a space between the floor and the ground of the one-story building was undoubtedly the cause of the explosion. Chaos reigned as screaming mothers tore frantically at the wreckage in an attempt to uncover the bodies of their children. Many of the bodies were decapitated, and crushed by the falling brick and steel. Most df the children were under fifteen years of age.
AmeKa Earhart Awaits Favorable Weather Reports Before Making 1,800 Mile Flight To Howland Island
Hill Billie^ To Play For Union Program Hill Billy music by Scotty’s Happy Hollow Swingsters will reign at the Sunday evening program by the Forestry Club in the Memorial Union Cafeteria March 21 at 5:30. This program will replace the one originally scheduled to be given by the Phi Gamma Delta fraternity. The band, led by George “Scotty” Young, will be dressed in the garb of the Kentucky mountaineers to provide the atmosphere for their music. “The Martins and the Coys” with dramatic effects and tunes by the ‘Greenhorns from Podunk’ quartet will be the feature of the program.
Directors Answer Questions As Surveyor Scans Union
By R. P. Manion Why is it that so many Purdue students are finding satisfaction in the Union Browsing Room, when the doors of libraries in some other student unions throughout the nation are seldom entered? Why are. so many students attracted to the Union Music Room and to the bowling alleys and to the Memorial Union Building itself? These and dozens of other questions concerning the popularity of the Purdue Union are being asked of Director L. M. Vallely;, and his staff, of President Elliott, of Deans Stratton and Fisher, of faculty members, and of heads of student organizations, as Miss Edith Ouzts former social director of the student union at Cornell University, visits the University in making a survey of the unions of 35 universities and colleges in 27 states over the nation—“a good representative group of student unions,” as she terms them. Books Up To Date “The books are up to date and the students are allowed freedom in the use*of them. Students don’t have to sign out books to read them; ihey just go to the shelves and help themselves,” Miss Ouzts answered the question on the Browsing Room. Miss Ouzts arrived at Purdue on
Tuesday afternoon, just in time to drop in on a meeting of the Student Union board. “They didn’t have to put on a show for me,” she said. “They just continued with their regular business, and I might say that the Purdue board is the most wide awake— yes the most wide awake and alert —union board that I have met.” Leaves Today Spending three to five days on each campus. Miss Ouzts expects to complete hei* survey by June. After leaving Purdue today she will go to Indiana University and then to Illinois and other Big Ten universities. She has already completed about half of her trip, with visits to institutions in the East, South, and some in the Midwest. “I don’t like to make comparisons of the Purdue Student Union with those of other universities at this stage of my journey,” Miss Ouzts said. “Perhaps after I have completed the survey and organized the data I shall discover some important feature of this union that I don’t think of now.” Miss Ouzts’ information will be compiled into a reference or hand book of student union buildings and their programs.
Amelia Five Minutes Ahead Of Schedule; Gives Vivid Description Of2,400 Mile Hop
By Amelia Earhart Honolulu, Mar. 18.^—The last time I saw Diamond Head was on January 11, 1935. It was nearly dusk on that cloudy afternoon when my heavily-laden Lockheed Vega contrived get off Wheeler Field and climbing laboriously, headed eastward over Honolulu, bound for the California coast. This morning at 6:40, Honolulu time we sighted Diamond Head again after reversing the process of the previous voyage. Making today’s landfall was even more pleasurable than my first view of California’s shore line. After all, it would require ingenuity to miss a continent, which I was aiming for then. Hawaii, however, is a much smaller mark, and I knew only too well how easily the islands could be missed. Navigators Find Islands The credit for finding them belongs to my navigators Harry Manning and Fred Noonan. They divided the activities of the Electra’s improvised “chart room,” Manning working the radio for bearings and communications and Noonan occupying himself chiefly with quick sights. Together they are a great team of navigators. Manning proves himself as at home above the ocean as he is on the surface, and to Noonan, veteran of many trans-Pacific air crossings for Pan-American this is, he says “Just another job.”
For the good work done, the airplane and I are grateful to them both. Five Minutes Ahead Yesterday at 6:37 (CST) we left Oakland. We made the 2,400 miles in fifteen hours and forty-eight minutes, exactly five minutes less than the time estimated in my advance flight calculations. By the way, among the ^rst messages to reach me at Honolulu was one from my husband, berating me for slipping up on the schedule. “Please try to be more exact,” he wired. 947 Gallons Of Gas With 947 gallons of gasoline on board, the Electra had a heavy load to raise from the wet field at Oakland. Once aloft, I throttled down. Engines have human attributes—^they usually respond to kindly treatment. With a long, long grind before them I shall try to give mine the least possible punishment. If at any time it’s necessary to call on them to put forth their all, I believe they’ll respond. Sight Hawaii Clipper Yesterday evening, the Golden Gate was truly golden. Behind us, dark rain clouds closed in, but westward, the sky opened, bright with late afternoon sun which burnished the slopes of Mttamalpais on one
hand, and story-book San Francisco on the other, as we headed westward over the great new bridges, threads of steel below us. One hour out from Alameda, we sighted PanAmerican’s Hawaii Clipper, silhouetted against a towering bank of cumulus sun-flecked clouds. We flew near enough actually to obtain photographs. Shortly, with our greater speed, we slowly left the big flying boat astern. • All of us, I am sure, were impressed with the unusualness of the meeting and then leaving, another plane out there over the lowly stretches of the ocean. Unusual as such an occurrence is today, before long it doubtless will be as commonplace as passing transports on our continental airways. Hardly had we bid the Clipper adieu than we sighted a small boat on the sea below us, arched by a vivid rainbow. That was a very lovely thing to see. Carburetors Ice Up However, enjoyments of these sights abruptly ended with the discovery that our carburetors were icing up. This difficulty passed with the application of heat, but thence forward, we watched them closely for the remainder of the night. This is the first time since the (Continued on page 4)
(Editor's Note: Onironsh the gmenmUy ot Miss Amelia Earhart and the cooperation of the New York Herald-THbitnek tte B>. ponent is able to brine you exclnsive daily accounts of the 27,000 mile flight around the world which Miss Earhart is maldne in the Purdue "Plying Laboratory" plane).
BULLETIN By Amelia Earhart Honolulu, Mar. 18.—We will not take off tonight for Howland Island. That old bugaboo phrase of aviation “weather permitting” has again caught up with us. For weather does not permit. At least, it does not encourage. Our Navy friends here have just analyzed with us the weather map built on data radioed in^from the coast guard cutter “Sho-shone” at Howland, and from other points to the southwestward. It won’t do, and as it promises better things for tomorrow, the sensible thing is to wait. If nothing interferes, departure will be tomorrow evening.
Honolulu, Mar. 18— (Special) — Refreshed by a few hours sleep after the fastest westward flight ever made to Hawaii from the Pacific coast, Amelia Earhart awaited favorable weather here tonight for her take-off on the 1,800 mile flight to Howland Island, next step in her projected equatorial flight around the world. Although her departure had been planned for tonight, Miss Earhart announced definite postponement of her take-off until tomorrow on the basis of late weather data radioed from ships in the southwest Pacific. Miss Earhart landed at Wheeler Field, Honolulu’s airport, today at 5:29 a. m. (10:29 a. m. Lafayette time) just fifteen hours, fifty-one and a half minutes after her takeoff of the 2,410 mile flight from the Municipal Airport at Oakland, Cal. Although light showers were falling as there had been at Oakland just before she left there, she landed the $80,000 twin - motored Lockheed Electra “flying laboratory” without mishap on the muddy field, to the cheers of several hundred spectators who had gone to welcome her, despite the early hour. (Copyright, 1987, New York ^bune, Ino.) Glider Club Buys New Equipment At a meeting of the Purdue Glider Club last night one charter member rejoined the club and four new members were voted into it. The club plans to have a four-place glider, which is the largest in the United States, out at the airport within a few days. New Equipment New launching equipment consisting of a Power-Keel winch, with which altitudes of 2,500 to 3,000 feet may be attained, has been purchased by the club. The program for the coming season includes the National Intercollegiate Flying Meet, the National Flying Contest at Elmira, N. Y., and several soaring trips to the Indiana State Dunes Park.
Juniors Suggest Mortar Candidates Junior co-eds met yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building to suggest possible Mortar Board candidates. ^ Candidates selected at this meeting will be given first consideration, although the actual selection will be made by active members and the faculty advisors. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, Miss Helen B. Schleman, Miss Laura Partch, and Miss Elizabeth Mitchell. Pledges will be selected on a basis of scholarship, leadership, and active participation in campus activities. Announcement of this year’s Mortar Board pledges will be made Mother's Day, May 9.
Pharnlacists Will Meet Here About 500 persons are expected to attend the seventh annual Druggists’ Business Conference here at the University March 23 and 24. Directs Conference Professor Henry W. Heine, in charge of pharmacy extension work at the University, will direct the conference which has been planned to inelude-up_-ta-the-minute discussions on numerous problems facing druggists today. Pharmacy Dean C. B. Jordan wilt welcome the visiting drug men, while Professor W. T, Miller, of the mechanical engineering school, will open the conference with a speech on “Application Of Air bonditioning In Drug Stores.” Speakers Other speakers at the first session will include: Professor J. J. Davis, R. R. Heaton, Carl Weeks, and Will Rossiter. Dean Jordan will make the concluding speech of the first session.
Dykstra Appoiuted Wisconsin’s Proxy Madison, Wis.—(Special)—Clarence A. Dykstra, former city manager of the city of Cincinnati, was appointed to the post of presideht of Wisconsin University by the board' of regents. He will replace Dr. Glenn Frank, who was ousted several months ago.
FACULTY MEETING
To Members of the University Faculty: The regular monthly meeting 6f the faculty will be held on Monday, March 22, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELUOTT, President.
Please Preserve The Grass To the Students of the University: The steadily increasing tendency on the part of certain students to run across the grass areas of the campus is observed today with considm-able regret. Some students appear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attach^ to such places as the Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special efforts to landscape and otherwise to develop the grounds, but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please* signs. This haa resulted in considerable damage to sections which have recently been planted. To protect the University against the losses of moneys time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the Superintendent of Physical Plant has been instruct^ to apprehend those who insist upon walking across ti« Oval, the newly planted areas lying west and south tat the l^ecutive Building, and the circle in ffont of the building. Such students will thus become liable to penalti^ tp/ those c" imposed upon those violating ^e campus park* ing rules. FresiteiTBE PUBDUB BXPONBNT
^ttrlitte Cxjponent
MCMBen 9>—»ciirt»d Hrftw
mim mm ommA -’«■»- -.«*»■» m\ tli« BoBt oStee, LatagrittB. Indiaaik DaBMcad iKl^ ISJW 9«r yaar; MHarad hy aaniar, IMt par yaar; aoM ty a aiii«la acyPt t aanta.
VhMaaMSt
OFFIGB—dlt North Fifth Street
XkUtorial PhMB Ml?
Daily Stadent Poblication of Purdue University KDItOKIAL BOAKO OF CONTROL R. J. Holee. chairman; Helen Creech. B. H. Morrie, L. D. Wood.
.BDITORIAL STAFF
Bditer .,,,__! ■ ■—R- H* Morrife AHOdSa BdltoenZl-JCrA. Baira«tte> J« *• Brock. A. H. Fonter. R. P. llanion, ^ lU
SephoaBwa Aaelataata..
Bold and Black Editor
^W. M. Anthony. D. A. BaOey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark L. R Hardin. C. D. Sehroeder. H. L Stanback, D. R VtoM
B. H. Kdlesc, K. B. O’Neil
J. C. Ohaver
BwlHttni Nattonal Adrertfains Ifanayer^ Laeal AdeartieinB If anacaP Advertising Assistants. CiMolation Hanacer Circnlation Assistants
BHBlNBnS STAFF
.B. J. Hnlse L. H. Brown
..D. C. Millar
.. .W. J. Gillilan, R. R. Hensler, M. C. Reeves J. P. Girard F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
Bditor Aaaoeiata Bditors.
SPORTS STAFF , ™ . L. D. Wood M. H, Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, B. F. Obenchain
Bditor. deaoriita Bditors.. AdvartMny Manacar..
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , ^ ^ Helen Creech Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Pyke ..Hetty Barnett
Issue Editor—G. W. Frederick
Informal Instruction Many courses present material that requires the use of drawings and graphs for best understanding it. Even though the instructor freely uses the blackboard to demonstrate different mechanisms or applications of mechanical principals, he frequently finds himself at a loss to make himself clearly understood when it comes to the presentation of a problem containing a device that requires a three-dimensional diagram. One instructor, in the applied mechanics department, whenever such a problem presents itself, calls the class in a group around him and uses whatever material he has at hand to construct a model of the device that he is explaining. This method of teaching makes the student thoroughly understand the mechanism. In addition to this, the informality of the method of instruction breaks down the invisible wall that should not, but in many cases does, stand betweeil^the class and the instructor. A practical demonstration of d problem will indelibly impress on the mind of the student the problem and its solution. Another factor in favor of informal instruction is the feeling of friendliness that it creates among the members of the class.—^D. R. V.
Why Stop At Your Boots ’n Pants, Boys?
You might say that this voluntary abolition of Hell Week by fraternities is a pretty noble gesture. You might almost say that the boys saw the light, got wise to the Kantian imperative, and decided that they should, for the edification of the pledges, give up a concentrated hazing and paddling period. Because after all this extinction of Hell Week is a big and good thing. But as to the why of this extinction, that is another matter. (First of all you should learn—despite all confessions to the contrary—^that Hell Week isn’t really gone. Don’t let that disillusion you, however, because it is going. Not gone—since no institution of that nature can he just righteously and immediately ^led out of existence—^but slowly going). Hell Week is going, in one way, because Greek members no longer get the old bang out of pledge torture and pledge antics or have suddenly discovered that they never did get a bang out of these things. It is going, in another and more important way, because the fraternities are swimming for their lives, swimming in a race against an exacting public opinion, a rise in non-organized prestige, a growth in eating clubs, and a still-present economic depression. - Killing their chances of winning that race are the old customs, hangover traditions, that cling to fraternities and impede their forward pace like boots and pants on a swimmer. Lately many Greeks have perceived this situation and now they are attempting naturally to preserve their lives by discarding “boots and pants.” So cumbersome, outmoded traditions are falling by the wayside and will continue to fall until fraternities reach bed-rock in those customs which are not merely “dead” wood but give something in return for their observance. Honest fraternity leaders will recognize the truth of these
remarks.
And honest fraternity leaders will see their future course vaguely outlined in here, a future course which has as its main policies (1) the discarding of those customs which arouse antagonistic public opinion and add nothing to the proffered benefits of fraternity life and (2) the inaugurating of new a^ titudes which will lend to the Greek order something of additional value, something the members cannot get from “opponents in the same race” or from the University proper.
—California Daily Brum.
Debris Price Will Rise Saturday Saturday, March 20, is the last day to buy the 1937 Debris at the present price of $4.50. After Saturday the price will be raised to $6.00. The office will be open all day on Saturday, Prof. R. B. Crepps, of the University civil engineering school, recently accepted an invitation of the executive committee, of the American Society for Testing Materials, id bdcdiM a member of the newly orgmniized committee on glass and gl8«» produete. The function of fidf onntiifttee i» the development of Am^Hrican standards for the testing of glees and glBsi^ products.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be hied in the Registrar’s Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 20th if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men . U. L. FISHER, Dean of Men
]Fnda|r, March 19, 1937
«iU.
DIRT, my frans, is like the PURDUE CO-ED, who’s one desire is to be weighed and found wanting— when ya got it, ya don’t want it... which is all in the way of saying that KIM has some DIRT—^for the nominal sum of ONE BUCK, said choice bit of filth will be lost and forgotten—anyway, RUTHY G., KIM wants to see the pichur-show. Which reminds me, after last Sat' urday’s tussle with romance, never hire a taxi, buy one, it’s cheaper . SPRING means little to disputing lovers so PITTMAN and M. JONES had rassles with GEORGE and CRAIG respectively , . . . S A E GEORGE puts his pin out on Pi Phi PITTMAN but now wants it back and so invites his Indiana gal up for PROM .. . JONES says CRAIG don’t treat her right—CRAIG says JONES don’t treat him right—so what ... A fine howdy do KIM calls it when Ye Olden Chocolate Shoppe can’t keep enough of this BOCK BEER cold to satisfy ’em . . . it’s either the beer or the KAPPA’S unquenchable thirst that causes this situation . . . you tell me. . . . WARNING ... to take his pin is a sin... “Four times per year” .. JIM MURPHY’S Delt pin isn’t even worth wearing even for the necking privileges . . . BETTY BILLS IS sucker enough to be showing it off at present . . . BUT . . . they have tired of each other .. . BETTY BRELSFORD has appeared on the horizon . . . now BILLS is going to give said pin to BRELSFORD without the formality of returning it to MURPHY .... will she wear it? ? ? . . . THAT pin is WRH property . . . According to reliable sources, SEINATOR CRAIG washes his head with IVORY SOAP which, seems to be his idea of the fitness of things. AND THEN CAME THE SENIOR SNOOPERS BANQUET . . . what a gal affair ... out of 128 senior women on the campus 112 turned up ... not bad at all... and it was a success . . . everyone there took it all in the best of fun . .. and there were no faculty members present . . . proving . .. that SOMETHING CAN BE DONE ON THIS CAMPUS WITHOUT DIRECT FACULTY SUPERVISION ... no room to give results of the prizes awarded and stuf and stuf THE WILL and PROPHECY . . . such masterpieces will have to wait for tomorrow’s column ...
MARS PASSES
MARS
MARS PASSES
Petticrew Wins Speech Contest C. R, Petticrew, senior chemical engineer, was awarded first place last night in the Hanley .Speech Contest held in Eliza Fowler Hall. J. Wayne Fredericks, junior chemical engineer, was awarded second place. Petticrew spoke on “Minimum Wages” and Fredericks on “The Low Price Method.” Prizes The first prize of fifty dollars, won by Petticrew, was presented by W. A. Hanley, Purdue ’ll, who the sponsor of the contest. Twenty dollars was presented to Fredericks as second prize. Names of winners will be placed on a plate attached to a gavel which will be displayed in the Memorial Union Building. This gavel is historically unique as it is composed of wood from homes or personal belongings of historically prominent men of the country. Judges Prof. G. A. Young acted as chairman of the contest while Professors Petty, Knapp, Owen, Lull, Monroe, and Stanley Green acted as judges. The contest was limited to undergraduate engineering students who were speaking on subjects related to the general field of economics.
Norbert R. Gagen, who was a science graduate of the University in 1936, has recently been promoted to the assistant to the general purchasinsragent of the American Radiator and Standard Sanitary Corporation in New York City.
Club Notes
By Beth McCool Duncan Hall will be the scene of a meeting of the Edgewood Club on Monday afternoon, March 22, at 2 o’clock. Mrs. Marcus Bauer will speak on “Indiana’s Plan For Social Security.” A selected short story Will be read by Mrs. W. R. Owens. The hostesses on this occasion will be Mrs. Harry Schilling, Mrs. James Shradl, and Mrs. Dale Roth.
Dr. and Mrs. C. L. Porter, 924 North Main street, will entertain the Fortnightly Club Monday evening, March 22, at 8 o’clock. Prof, and Mrs. Charles B. Aiken will tell about Egypt.
The Round Table Club will meet with Mrs. R. G, Thomas on Tuesday afternoon, March 23, at 3 o’clock, “Recent Reveries” will be title of a talk by Mrs. F. C. Gaylord.
“Better Movies” will be the title of a talk by Mrs. H. G. Martin, movie chairman of the While-a-While Club at a meeting to be held on Tuesday afternoon, March 23, at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. R. H. George, 703 North Main street, will act as hostess.
^ Nine Old Men is the title of a book to be reviewed by Mrs. J. R. Bottom at the next meeting of the West Lafayette Reading Club. Mrs. C. W. Garrick, Northwestern Heights, is the hostess for this meeting that will be held on Wednesday afternoon, March 24, at 2:30 o’clock.
St. Patrick’s Day will be the theme of the next meeting of the Penelope Club to be held at the home of Mrs. John B. Martin, Jr., 360 North Salisbury street, on Thursday afternoon, March 25, at 2:30 o’clock.
Mrs. C. W. Harlan will be hostess to the American Literature Club on Thursday afternoon, March 26, at 2:30 o’clock at her home, 802 West Stadium avenue.
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are from noon March 26 to noon March 27 and April 6. These days represent the 24hour periods before and after the Spring Recess. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment. Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an,extra fee of $5.00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. M. L. FISHER. Dean of Men.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
CONVERTS BEGINNERSCONVINCES SKEPTICS!
SOMIIHINGWONDKIirUlGOfSON INSIDE MEDICO^* - cioAtiffi AJIOAIIHOIOEIIS FINEST BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
only patented £LLOPHANE% SEALED FfLTER-IT REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Pull Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES H. G,. "Peac" Reisner
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
“I don’t care about going either—^but 1 can just imagine how pleased Mrs. Twistle would be if we didn’t show up!”
Standing To Interview Foresters A. R. Standing, of the personnel service of the inter-mountain forestry region, which includes the far north-western states, will arrive at the University next Monday to conduct a series of student interviews and lectures which will continue on through Wednesday. Following Ms graduation from the Utah Agricultural College, Standing has managed many of the United States Forests, such as the Cache National Forest and the Dixie National Forest, and, in addition, has held many other executive forestry positions. Interviews Standing will be here primarily to interview seniors, but he will also -hold open discussions for everyone interested in forestry.
Family TODAY - SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Gene Autry in “Oh Suzanne” ■^Bnd*—» Maurice Chevalier in “The Beloved Vagabond”
ARC TODAY—SATURDAY
Ken Maynard in “Avenging Waters” —Bnfl"* Betty Compson and Bryant Washburn in “Millionaire Kid” ““Also—" Clyde Beatty in “Darkest Africa”
6E0R6E McKAY JOHN «A1UUDET ^ Cotufhiin. OictHre
-‘PLUS— HnUcnl GNnvAj Cwtoen
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVSnTISBRB
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY 2 BIG HITS!
FRAMED BY FATE!
—and*7^
MadI
TODAY—SATURDAY BIG DOUBLE FEATURE
7%« moat thrilKng foOtboU drama in yaarat
’ith 8 cotlaga atara in tkm playa that tham great!
With tmUP HUSTON IMMIS GLEASON JUNE TRAVIS tilllCE CABOT
PLUS SECOND FEATURE The drama of America’s G-Men. as they make the nation safe!
./m
wM's;/ TBE TtJBtfVM BXBOltEHT
Phi Delt’s Defeat DU’s; Win Volleyball Trophy
' By A. I, Tmub "To the victor belongs the spoils," and to Phi Delta Theta fraternity goes the trophy for Intra-Praternity volleyball. After their stirring triumph over Delta Upsilon the Phi Delta Theta men remain the unquestionable champions in fraternity volleyball. ^ ^
For*the first fiive minutes of the first game the D. D.’s made the going plenty tough, but after orientating themselves to their opponent's type of playing, the Phi Deltas began to run up the score without much trouble. Aided by the presence of Gene Anderson of the Purdue net squad and Cecil Isbell of the University’s gridiron eleven the Phi Delts handled the game pretty much their own way. Phi Delts Win Set ups and spiking were plentiful among the Phi Delts, and Anderson, after finding the sore spot of the D. U.s to be on the midright side, kept slapping the ball down for points on each toss. The D. U.s succeeded in scoring six points to the twenty scored by the Phi Delts, and then made their final point of the game when they scored again before it ended 21-7. After losing their first game, the D. U.s began their second with all the pep they could muster, and started by winning the serve. They were unable to score, after being given this advantage, and the ball went to the Phi Delts. Spills were plentiful as Isbell faded back more than once to retrieve the ball for his team. Taking advantage of what they learned in the first game, the D. U.s set the ball up for their front line men and kept the Phi Delts plenty busy.
Although the score after the first five minutes was 11-0 in favor of
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABULD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BUK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK
409 Sehnlts Bldg. Phone 5701
the Phi Delts, the game was far from a runaway. Taking the first eleven points on the chin, the D, U.s started a rally. The first rally of seven points was followed shortly by three more, while the Phi Delts ran their score up to sixteen. After making a total of eighteen points, the Phi Delts were stopped in their tracks as the D. U.s went wild and rolled up a total of fifteen points. However, there is an end to everjithing, and the Phi Delts came through with those l&st three points to put an end to the series, and retain the crown.
100 Bowlers Sign For Tournament
Over 100 bowlers have signed up for the All-Campus Bowling Tournament now in progress in the Mem'brial Union Building alleys. Many have already finished the first three lines which constitute the elimination bracket. H. Pforzheimer, Student Union vice-president in charge of bowling activities, has announced that all eliminations must be completed before March 27. The finals will take place after spring vacation.
Postpone Final Game In Basketball Tourney
Inability of one of the teams to play last night caused a postponement of the final game in the class “A” basketball tourney until some time next week. Sigma Pi and Phi Psi squads will meet in this game to determine the interfratemity champions of the University. These two teams have met twice before, and each has won one game.
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at
SOUTHWORTH’S
You canH wear your sheepskin!
You seniors who are still on the drawing, account might better begin now to stock up with several dozen Arrows before you step out into the cold, cold world. Later on you’ll thank us for the tip'—and have shirts aplenty, for Arrow shirts are made to stand the gaflf. Be sure to see your Arrow dealer today.
TWO DOLLARS AND MOR8
Mitogor^tado'ed ib fit Sqn/or/zeti Shnmk
We Cany a Full Dine of Arrow Shirts
DEWENTER’S
Trackmen To
Face Butler
Boilermaker trackmen will be running their last indoor meet of th6 season toihorrow as they sprint around the indoor track in the Butler Fieldhouse in an effort to carry off honors in the events they enter. Coach “Orv” Martin said that they had chances in all of the events and were especially strong in the medley relay. Both Bodeau and Knapp have been turning in good times for the 880 yard run in work outs, and both of them should come out on top in their events. Three Relays Martin indicated that he would ei.ter three relays, the mile, fourmile, and medley. Luther, Lemen, Terhune, and Bodeau or Mazur are slated to compose the mile squad; Long, Bodeau, Knapp, and Goory or MaroZick members of the four-mile team, and Terhune, Goory, Knapp and Bodeau combining for the medley. In the other events on the program he will enter Williamson, and Lemen in the high jump, Murphy in the shot put, Wadleigh and DeLonp as dash men, Lemen, Gutting, and Kelley as a triple threat to the hurdlers. Sines in the pole vault, and Wadleigh and Mazur as broad jumpers. Outdoor Season The team will leave tomorrow afternoon and will run in both the afternoon and evening events. After this last fling at the indoor sport, the team will come back and start training for outdoor track which will start the Monday after spring vacation.
Delta Chi Five To
Meet Betas Tonight In Class ‘B’ Fracas
By B. D. Witwer The Delta Chis will clash with the Beta’s squad of galloping ghouls tonight in a fracas which may decide the interfraternity basketball championship. If the Delta Chis win they will have to play another game to decide the championship, but if the Betas are good enough to swish a winning number of buckets, they will carry off the trophy without any further ado. Champs Last Year The boys from down on fraternity row won the honor of being hailed as “B” champs last year and have a good chance to repeat, although the Delta Chis have dropped only one game to date and have
\f
oeoochoice [
By Boh Walpole .1^.-#
ISip... streamliiied modernity invades the basketball floor ... introducing the new Big Ten ruling eliminating the center jump for the greater part of the game . . . treetoppers, it seems, will only be useful at the beginning of both halves, the opening of overtimes and after
technical or double fouls . . .
—^tc— We wonder . . . basketball in its present state is certainly no lazy man’s game .. . especially with the present wide use of the fast break . . . and then the ten second ruling was never meant to let the boys loaf. . . . and now a sideline heave instead of a center jump!! —fc— Certainly it isn’t the game that Dad used to play . . . streamlined sonny warms up . . . dashes out on to the floor . . . being a good dash man he tears down the side of the floor . . . gets the ball from the center side line on the “throw off’’ ... all of a sudden the brakes . . . he skids under the basket and scores time after time . . . our hero ! —^fc— This last year everyone could enjoy a breathless finish . . . both teams having an equal chance at center to start deciding the winning point... but now!... Say Podunk has made the last basket . . . forty-two seconds two go. Score: 26-27, Smoky Holler ahead. Does Podunk have an equal chance with the team from Smoky Holler to get the next basket which will win the game? . . . —^fc—• Not according to this latest rule. Smoky Holler gets the ball on the center sideline . . . and it isn’t much trouble to keep possession of it for forty seconds. Final score: 26 to 27. Smoky Holler ahead. Yes ... we wonder! —fc— Spence Griffiths stooging for Walpole today!
been showing an improved form of late. The game should be a real contest as each team will be after the other’s scalp, and, as both teams have their allotment of big bruisers, the janitor will probably be relieved of some work when the two squads start mopping the floor up with each other.
Correction
Battery £-1 participated in the mock battle scene of the military carnival instead of Battery E-2 as was erroneously stated in yesterday’s Exponent.
CAMPUS-ALITIES
By Forster
1 NiILK . SeLU-ING BOO'^S r<OW HE C^.N A DA\Ry manager
<iuNIORPROA^ LEADER
a wr
O®
/or HER
A Cprsage of Distinction delivered on time.
Gardenias, Orchids, ley Lilliesylloses, Violets, Sweet Peas.
r Roth Florist, Inc.
SArvittf Pu4m Ilnlywiitar t«r S8 Tmu*. 685 Main St Lnna Theatre BUg. Phones 7965—8050
Honi^ Alleii Xo €kmdaei Red Crtm Tests MondBY Homer Allen, of the physical education department vidll give ex> aminations in Red Cross life-saving tests in the Memorial Gymnasium pool beginning next Monday. All members of the Red Cross field staff are on duty in the flood area, but the national council has appointed Mr. Allen as a special examiner. Swimmers who wish to pass the. regular tests, or who wish to be appointed examiners are requested to
ccmmunicate with Mr. Allen.
Purdue Nine
Drills Outside
Following his appointment as head baseball coach, “Dutch” Fehring has been drilling the squad daily in the pavilion on the Agricultural campus until yesterday afternoon, when the warm weather permitted the boys to take to the outdoors. As yet, the regular squad has not been selected, and according to “Dutch,” there is a lot of good baseball material still loose in the University. Although it is a little late to include them on the southern trip coach Fehring can assure them of an equal chance to prove themselves worthy of a position on the squad, when they turn out after spring vacation. Meet Centenary A week from today the squad leaves for its southern trip to Louisiana where it will encounter the Centenary college team in two contests at Freeport. From there it will move on to meet Ruston College in a four game series. “Dutch” is hoping, with the material he has now, and with the fellows who will turn out after the vacation, to form a strong nine that will keep Purdue up among the Big Ten leaders in the baseball race.
Student Alliance
To Hear Coolidge
Professor Albert Sprague Coolidge of Harvard University has accepted an invitation to address the Purdue Student Alliance tonighf at 7:30 o’clock in the Peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. The subject of Professor Coolidge’s talk will be: “The Professional Worker And The Labor Union.” Dr. Coolidge is one of the most piominent men on the Harvard campus, and his activities extend into many fields. As professor of chemistry he has written several important papers on the theory of molecular structure.
Snoapem Review Dirt At Dinner
By Boroefcc* iMitte Class spMt, coopefatiott fm» all senior women, and hard work on the part of the SB’STs made Umi Senior Snoopers Dinner, held last night in the home economies cafeteria, a BIG success. With 112 senior co-eds attending the dinner, which showed that only 16 senior women were not there, the Senior Snoopers and the senior women proved that there exists a great deal of class spirit and friendliness. Starting the evening with a spontaneous burst of “Hail, Hail The Gang’s All Here,” after a toast to senior women by the institutional management department, the giiis swept on to a happy evening iKf renewing old acquaintances, making new ones, and having a good time. Givept Slips As the girls entered the dining room, they were given slips of paper bearing names of movie stars, actresses, and celebrities, and told to find the duplicate on a placecard. The placecards had a design of a mortar board and diploma sketched in the left comer.
After the women were served, all persons except senior women left the room. The doors were locked. Within the barred room the program was given. A class will was read mentioning distinctive points or habits of various girls, followed by news flaShes from “Walter Windshell,” informing the women of many hitherto unrevealed facts. A few of the senior women were then honored with special recognition and gifts—apparently to the delight of all. Junior co-eds have been searching for ways to become Senior Snoopers for next year. It was announced at the dinner that the opportunity would be given to several juniors. From the interest and pleasure expressed by those attending this initial class get - together, the SS’37’s and the Senior Snoopers Dinner seemingly went over with a bang.
Class Dance Insimction
Our method of instructioii and reasonable tmrms insure yon of learning to dance quidify and without financial ineonvenieaee.
BEGINNER’S CLASS Wed.» March 24, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS Thiir., March 25,7:00 P. M.
Alien' ^8 0th and Ferry
^^Well« How Do You Expect Me to Get a Job
in this old suit? If I had one of thoso new spring Gabardines from Geisler’s I could land a good jub in a hurry!”
GEISLER'S
;»A.-J’
THE PURDUE EXPONENT M~«tBgaBMIl<Jlll-«'L!l!LUU.I|Jil'jafeeiiB«8BB^^
Classified Ads.
'i 4
fM
\i, \-
Mr
fe.' "'.iri, fee’ ^■ *^7! ,'
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lots of Books—Back Number magazines. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Portable Victrola—And records, librai’y tables, card tables, practically new electric coffee percolator. Tuxedo suits, mirrors, back number magazines, 1 cent to 5 cents each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th street.
NOTICES
No notice* accepted after 8 p. m.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —NELSON.
English and Speech Conditions—-Exam-inations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Sat-
Imporfant'
NOTE:
Use If* With All Your Meals
SUNSHINE
FARMS
Phone 5015
utday, 'Match 20, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Education Bnilding. —CRHSBK.
Military Traininc CondiHons—An exantination for removal of C grades in Military Training 8, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 28, at 1:80 p. m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. ‘ _ —HAYPOED.
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 8, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 8 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s oifice. Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
Reserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Organized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24. —HAYFORD.
Sophomore Chemicals—All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in room 107 of Heavilon' Hall between 1 and 6:80 p. m. any day except Saturday. All deposits must be in by March 19. —LOVELL.
Distinguished Students—Refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE.
Individual Bowlers Tournament—^All students entered in the individual bowling tourney must turn their scores in to me by March 20. —STOCKY.
W. A. A.—Primary for W. A. A. elections will be held at 4 p. m. March 19. —ARNOLD.
W. A. A.—All girls interested in helping with the winter sports spread call 7712. —JONES.
Union Show Cast—^All students who took part in the Union play, "Castles In The Air,” and who miss^ classes on Thursday and Friday mornings, come to the student union office and get their excuses for their absences. —RIETH.
W. A. A. Council—^Meeting March 19 at 4 p. m. —ARNOLD.
Reamer Club—Pledging will be held in room A of the Memorial Union Building on March 22 at 7:00 p. m. All actives and pledges are required to be present. —BUXTON.
W. A. A.—Primaries for election will be held on March 19 at 4 o’clock in the women’s gymnasium. —JONES.
Debris Sales—After March 20, the price of the 1937 Debris will be $5.00. The office will be open all day Saturday. The present price is $4.60. —VAN NATTA.
P. I. A.—Independent band practice on March 19 at 7 p. m- in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. —FRAME.
P. I. A.—Dance class wil be held in the Women’s Gym at 7:00 p. m. March 22. Please be prompt. —BUXTON.
Friday* MBrch 19. 1937
Union liVorkers—There will be a nleeting of my comimttee March 19 at 4 p. m. in the Union office. All members are requested to be present. —WIEGANDT.
Purdue Student Alliance—Professor Albert Sprague Coolidge will address the members at an open meeting March 19 at 7 :30 in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. ' —MIRKIN.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
CANDY - CIGARETTES
We have forty different candy bars and thirteen brands of cigarettes. No waiting to, get served.
Dad^s Place ... So Handy
MEN
Have Your Suits Tailored to Measure
$22.50
3 PIECE SUITS
$25.00
' j-lA Jf=
$29.50
FIT GUARANTEED
$34.50
Wide selection of materials in wool worsteds, gabardines, tweeds —soft and hard finishes. Fashionably styled in smartest fashions. A special selection of sport styles. We also tailor topcoats in the latest styles.
SEARS.ROEBUCK AND CO.
Third and South Sts.
Lafayette
Phi Gams Initiate
At formal initiation ceremonies last night Phi Gamma Delta social fraternity admitted the following men: R. W. Lewis, Jr., R. B. 'Wiltshire, R. B. Coen, W. H. Smithy B. L. Brubeck, R. L. Colby, J. O. Mills, R. C. Kaney, L. E. Morrison, H. W. Rhodehamel, Jr., W. J. Sanders, and R. W. Viehe, Jr.
Amelia Ahead Of World Flight Schedule
(Continued from page 1>
Scabbard and Blade Pledges—Obtain cutlasses from me at the Acacia fraternity at onqe. —WERGIN.
Silver Mask—Important meeting March 22 at 4 p. m. in the fencing room. All actives and pledges be present. —ANTUeSHKO.
friendship flight in ’28 that I’ve had company when voyaging over an ocean. Not that there are any particularly social aspects to this one. In the cockpit, a pilot is too constantly busy for much conversation, while the navigators are equally occupied in their fuselage chart room aft of the extra fuel tanks, V7hich in my Electra occupy much of the space normally used by passengers. There they had the tools of their exacting trade—the' business of finding where one may be, from the stars, the sun and dead reckoning—such as chronometers, drift bombs, and radio equipment. Communication between our pilots’ cockpit and the navigators in their cubby-hole is carried on by means of a cut-down bamboo fish pole with an office clip at the end to hold the cards up on which are written messages. Most interesting information was sent up to the pilots from the “navigation department.” Not only was our position at a given moment important to know, but rate of speed and computation of fuel consumption and remaining quantity in the tanks. Incidentally we arrived at Hawaii with more than four hours of gasoline remaining, which would have given us over 600 miles additional flying, a safety margin of about 700 miles. Three hours after the takeoff, we decided to get above a lower cloud layer, which hung over the water. To top these clouds, we climbed 8,000 feet, at which altitude we stayed until just before dawn, when
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
MEN'S SHIRTS
BE AT EASE in a button-down soft collared shirt. You will be surprised at the comfort of a soft shirt. .. especially in the warmer months of the year that are soon to come. Style is combined with ease to make this shirt one of the most popular with men.
Offered to you in a variety of styles—Check, Stripes and Special Weaves, at
$1.65
To go best with the “easy shirt,” we offer the ENDORSED CRAVATS to match .. . Priced at
65c
DEWENTER’S!
416 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
we climbed another 2,000 feet. At that chilly level we contirlued until Noonan estimated we were within 80 miles of Makapuu, when we decided to drop to around 2,000 feet.
For the first part of the flight, I did most of the piloting, while Paul watched the fuel consumption. Some time after midnight, the moon, that had been a friendly guide, sank behind a cloud bank, and we decided to let the Sperry Gyro pilot labor for us. So we set to work that uncanny instrument, which keeps a plane on its course and gives a human pilot a vacation.
At no time on the whole journey did we feel isolated, due to the constant radio communication. Despite the fact that Pan-American had two
“DEACi” HAS EVERYTHING for • COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
LAST CHANCE SATURDAY, MARCH 20
to
ORDER
DEBRIS
at
$4.50
OflGice on second floor of the Memorial Union Bldg.... Open every day at 4:00 P. M. to 5:30 P. M. Open all day Saturday, March 20.
Lei Us Serve You Too
GRAVE'S QUALITY BAKERY
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Pass Tb# Most BiAUTIlUL <
World
of its own planes in the air, they stood continual watch on our frequency and were most helpful.
Next to sighting Diamond Head, seeing Wheeler Field again pleased me most. I feel I owe an apology to people who rose early to greet us. Perhaps I should have been more considerate to try to arrange the arrival at a later hour. But that was difficult, because it was so desirable to time the departure from Oakland in daylight. Having visited these lovely islands before, I am accustomed to the very special hospitality of Hawaii,
but I did not expect so many of its friendly people to go without breakfast that they might welcome us. The Army and Navy have already made us feel at home. I only wish that flight plans did not call for a takeoff so soon again. (Copyright, 1937, New York Tribune, Inc.)
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
BO-PEEP MKT.
For fancy meat, poultry, etc. We cater especially to fraternities and sororities.
Take a Peep at Bo-Peep
215 E. STATE ST.
PHONE 2750
^out Vso**®*
Hud It
Y®* •'*** .ate, .v»« pVok-TiP RailvraY ®**’”*^ ^ coit. ^ J
tee
9 So. Second St.
Phono 2026
Lafayette, Ind.
Railwa
Xpress
AGENCV^^yiJJC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE