^r I
Late News Bulletin
MUNICH, Germany—Great Britain, Germany, France and Italy came to terms for the preserving of Huropean peace and allowing Adolf Hitler the Sudeten regions of Czechoslovakia. A time limit of 10 days was set in which the Czechs were to evacuate all of their soldiers and allow Hitler’s army to come in, TESCHEN, Poland—Fighting on the frontier increased tonight and brought a death toll of 150 Poles in guerilla warfare, as the deadline was nearly reached in Poland’s ultintatum for surrender of Teschen. The Polish government has told the Czechs that unless the 600-square-mile Teschen area was given to them outright before Saturday morning that the Polish army will march intoi the region and occupy it immediately.
Purdue Exponent
This Newspaper Is Published Eoch Mbnmig But Monday By Studente Of Purdue Ihdvefsify
FRIDAY September 30, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. SO
No. IS
Socially Prominenf Eds Tell Charm-Seeking Senior'39 Debris Over 500 Students Hear Co-eds Secret Of Successful Mixing, Dating Picture Sittings >%• • r\ r i /- * * B, ,„H, n„:_ u„j... Discussion Op Czech Crisis
CHARLESTON, S. C.—A tornado bit Charleston with sudden fury at about 8 o’clock yesterday morning and killed at least 27 persons and injured 300 more throughout the
city.
Culture Conference Planned By Co-eds Plans and suggestions for a Conference on Contemporary Culture will be made this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union by representatives of all co-ed activity groups. Betty Elstun and Mary Cooley, co-chairmen, will lead the discussion on the type of program and speaker most suited to the interests of University co-eds. Representatives of the following organizations have been invited to attend: Exponent, Gold Pepper, Orchesis, Glee Club, Playshop, PIA, Sportswomen, Union, Pan-Hellenic Council, YWCA, WSGA, WAA, Virginia C. Meredith Club, Residence Council, Omicron Nu, Alpha Lambda Delta, WRH, and Women’s De-
bate.
Poultry Association Ends Session Today Resolutions supporting a “fresh” egg law which will be introduced at the coming session of the Indiana Legislature in January were adopted at the annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana, which will conclude a three day session here today. Other resolutions expressed appreciation to various departments and persons in the University for their cooperation with the associa-
tion.
All officers of the poultry organization were re-elected. They are C. F. Hickey, Muncie, president; Phil C. Endres, Frankfort, first vicepresident; Noel Shaver, Crawfordsville, second vice-president; secretary, William Kohlmeyer, Purdue University; member of advisory board of Agricultural 'Experiment Station, Hobart Creighton, Warsaw. Band Plans Parade Before Butler Game Making its initial appearance on the gridiron this season, the famous Purdue Military Band will play for the pigskin fans at the University-Butler tilt at Indianapolis tomorrow afternoon. A special train leaving Lafayette at 9 o’clock tomorrow morning will take the band to their headuarters in the Claypool Hotel in time to participate in a pre-game parade through downtown Indianapolis before noon. Formations The afternoon program will take the band from the hotel to the Butler Bowl wher6,^ accompanied by the huge drum, they will go through alphabetical formations and various other intricate maneuvers between halves, competing with the Butler band. Complying with U. S. Army regulations, band freshmen will appear for the first time in long trousers. Formations, however, Jhave been planned to balance the old and new uniforms.
By Georgann Schilling
Making and breaking dates, hints on grooming, ideas on an ideal co-ed who doesn’t really exist—^these were a few of the subjects discussed by the two Union executives at the first meeting of the WSGA-YWCA Charm School yesterday afternoon. —
“About two weeks ahead should be plenty of time to make a date^ and don’t accept a date just to be going somewhere” warned Ted Cabonargi, the first of the eds to advise the charm-seeking co-eds. “Boys talk as much as girls,” he said, “so don’t use the same line on all your dates.” Beer was described by the blond speaker as the universal beverage, and is preferable to fancy mixed drinks if drinking is indulged in. Swarthy legs were also put on the black list, as was the idea of having eds take part in the enter-
tainment of rushees.
Co-ed Smoking
“It looks awful to see a girl smoking on the campus. And it’s far from charming to see a co-ed walking anywhere in the Union, except in the basement with a cigarette in her hand,”'Sully Mason, the other Charm School guest speaker, stated to his female audience. He deplored the practice of making the dates wait on you while you finish dressing, but encouraged the luxury of letting your date wait on you during the evening—as opening car doors, helping with your coat, and other thoughtful courtesies. “Don’t be bored,” was one of the themes stressed. And gold-diggers are not smiled upon. The decision of what to do in the entertainment line should be a mutual decision— usually the boy wants to please his date. ’*
How To Resist
The speakers did not go into detail concerning their statement that there are graceful ways to resist necking. Smooching on a first date is not considered very proper or practical. The subject of kissing was dismissed with the bit of advice that if the girl has adverse ideas on the subject, she doesn’t have to spit in his eye to put the
idea over.
Officers For . . . . . . the ensuing year were elected last Wednesday night at the Westminster co-op house. Paul Dinius was elected president. Other officers are: Ellis Verink, vice president; Roger Lindsey, secretary; Charles Lumm, treasurer; Carl Stuart, purchasing agent; James Dinius, house manager; and Donald Waid, athletic director. Staff Challenged By Students In Ag Picnic Touchhall Cider and wieners have been ordered for 80 farm management picnickers who will take over the Dean’s cow pasture after school tonight for an evening’s fun. The Dean’s cow pasture is located west of the University barns. Students have challenged the staff to a touchball game. Latest reports from the faculty training camp indicate that the staff is having trouble learning the signals.
Softball
Softball as well as touchball will be played. Cow pasture rules will
prevail.
Supper will be served about a' campfire, after which the staff will be introduced to the students and a song or two will follow. The picnic will terminate early in the evening. *An annual affair, the picnic is held to acquaint staff and students in the farm management department. Freshmen are special guests for the evening. Tickets priced at 20 cents may be purchased from Max Skinner, John De La Croix, or Don Paarlberg.
Coe Plays For Graduate Club Dance Tonight
Chuck Coe, his “Purduvians,” and vocalist Nona Reedy, will entertain graduate students and their guests at an informal reception and dance tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom. The reception will be at 8:30, wit^ dancing from 9 o’clock
until midnight.
Dean of the Graduate School, R. Dukes, and the deans of all other schools, and graduate council members will be the special guests of the evening. This is the first social event on the graduates’ calendar and all graduate students and dates are invited. Card tables will be set up for those who do not care to
dance.
The “Purduvians,” a nine-piece ship orrhestra, which has played on the SS Georgic, SS Aquitania, SS He de France, and SS Normandie, has recently been developed into an eastern style orchestra featuring three tenor saxophones. The orchestra has an entirely different style featuring Nona Reedy, who sings the theme introductions to the numbers. Coe’s orchestra also features Dale Kock, the selfstyled swing vocalist, on most of
the swing numbers.
Debris Records Charm Sessions Yesterday afternoon senior photography editor Emslie took shots of the University co-eds as they came and went at the first “Charm School” session. The shots are for the new “charm school” feature of
the 1939 Debris.
At future sessions of the school, the Debris will follow up these shots with othej:(i, making a complete story of the school. Treva Berry and Catherine Cooley are in charge of the school. Ted Cabonargi and Sully Mason were speakers at the first sessiom
Will Begin Monday Senior pictures for the 1939 Debris will be taken starting next Monday in room C of the Union Building. DexheimerCarlton, Indianapolis, last year’s photographer, will take the photographs again this
year.
Pictures have been scheduled during free hours for the seniors. Seniors are urged to consult the Exponent for the time of their sittings. Schedules will be printed tomorrow and Sunday for Monday’s and Tuesday’s sittings. Schedules for the other days will be published periodically in the Exponent. Postcards ■will also be sent out to each senior. $1.50 Per Sitting The price will be $1.50 for each sitting and must be paid at the time the picture is taken. If any conflicts occur, seniors are urged to come to the Debris office immediately, according to Fred Winter, editor-in-chief of this year’s year-
book.
The photographer will be here two weeks beginning Monday, and this will be his only appearance on the campus this year.
t
Lady Drummond Hay Cancels Engagement To Appear At Convo Lady Drummond Hay, noted English journalist, who was to have spoken here at the first University convocation of the year, October 11, / has cancelled her engagement because of illness. It was announced that Lady Hay’s physicians have forbidden her to meet any of her fall engagements because of this serious illness. In 1 Lady Hay’s place, Isaac F. Marcosson, noted authority on international events, and recognized as one of the greatest living interviewers of celebrities, will appear here on that night. Marcosson has written many books and magazine articles, some of which have appeared in the “Saturday Evening Post,” and “World’s Book.” Some of his books are “Adventures in Interviewing,” “The War After the War,” and “The Business of War.”
The four-power peace plan formulated yesterday at Munich, Germany, by the government heads of Germany, Italy, France and England does not settle the central European crisis.
That is what more than 500 stu-
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair except local cloudiness; slightly warmer in east and north portions today; Saturday generally fair.
Pan-Hellenic Council Will Register Freshman Co-eds For Rush In Union Lobby From 10 a. m. To 2 p. m. Today
Today between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m., all co-eds who intend to go through rush should register at the Pan-Hellenic Council desk in the lobby of the Union and pay the two
dollar rush fee.
Below is printed a copy of the coed rush rules as they appear in the Freshman Handbook, which was sent to all who applied for admission as freshmen. 1. Pre-Rush Period Rushing opens Saturday, October 1. Prior to this date rushing is prohibited by the Women’s Pan-Hel-
lenic Council.
The Pan-Hellenic Council defines and interprets rushing as: a. Inviting a girl, not a member of the chapter, to the chapter house. b. Inviting a girl to a movie, to breakfast, lunch, or dinner, or calling for her at her place of resi-
dence.
2. Dates and Length of Rush The rushing period for freshmen and upperclasswomen will open at 2:15 P. M. Saturday, October 1, and will close for the first semester on October 6 at 8:00 P. M. There will be a peiiod of open rush at the beginning of the second semester, the dates of which will be set by the Pan-Hellenic Council. 3. General Plan of Rush a. Each rushee will pay a fee of $2.00 on September 30, between 10:00 A. M. and 2.00 P. M. at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union Building. An additonal fee of fifty
cents will be charged for late regis-
tration.
b. Formal rush will open with a meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union Building on Saturday, October 1, at 2:15 P. M. All rushees and rush chairmen must be present
at this meeting.
c. Each sorority will hold an informal open house, to which all rushees are invited, on October 1, from 3:00 P. M. to 6:00 P. M. Refreshments will consist of beverages
and wafers.
d. There will be three informal dinners given during rush week, on Monday, October 3, Tuesday, October 4, and Wedneseday, October 5. Rushees ■will call for in'vitations to these dinners a*t the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union Building at any time Sunday, October 2, from 2:00 P. M. to 5:00 P. M. No organized women will be permitted in the Union Building during that time. All dinners will be informal, with the exception of the formal preference dinner on Thursday, October 6, from 5:30 to 8:00 P. M. Luncheons will not be given at any time during the rush period. e. All organized rushing functions will be held in the sorority houses. Decorations for such functions will be limited to flowers and plain place cards. Entertainment must be given only by the members of the sorority entertaining. Favors (Continued on page 4)
Scrivener Will Go On Special Sale For English 32 Students Scrivener Magazine, campus literary publication, goes on sale today and tomorrow in University Hall as English 32 students take their subscriptions. The Scrivener is being used as a supplementary text in a number of English 32 sections this year. Scrivener sales are running along with last year’s campaign, and the current drive is expected to boost sales to the 500 mark. The first issqe, a special edition carrying-the prize-winning articles of the AllCampus literary , contest, is being distributed as subscriptions are taken. It was financed by the University in recognition of the contest winners. Three more issues will follow. The next, a freshman contest number, will carry the winners in the annual freshman literary contest now being planned by club officers. It will appear early in December. The Scrivener Club, publishers of the magazine, is preparing for an active year both socially and in a literary way. Butler Ticket Sale Closes Today At Five Tickets for the Butler tilt tomorrow at Indianapolis, available to University students at half price, will remain on sale until 5 p. m. today at the main ticket office in the Fieldhouse, R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director, announced. These tickets may be obtained only upon presentation of the student passport, apd the passport must be presented with the ticket at the gate of the Butler stadium tomorrow for admission. Reserved seats sell for 90 cents including tax, but these tickets are only available here and not at Indianapolis before the
game.
Roger Williams Club Will Have Fall Outing Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church will hold its annual fall outing tomorrow afternoon. The club will meet at the church at 1:15 and proceed from there to Big Rock Cottage on the Tippecanoe, and not to Big Creek Cottage as was previously stated in the Exponent. An afternoon of games and sports will be followed by supper. The outing is open to all and a charge of 25c per person will be made for
supper.
dents, faculty members, and townspeople were told last night at a Tau Kappa Alpha-sponsored panel forum held in the faculty lounge of the Union. The three speakers. Dr. J. W. Robinson, Prof. Frank Hall, and Prof. Charlie Murphy—all of them members of the University history, economics, and government department—concurred in this op-
inion.
Crisis Background In giving a background picture of the present difficulty in Czechoslovakia, Dr. Robinson raised this question, “Is Hitler really interested in the 3,500,000 Sudeten Germans or in the natural boundary which separates Germany and Czechoslovakia?” Dr. Robinson believed Der Fuehrer might be more interested in the Sudeten mountains than in the Sudetens. Professor Hall—in this discussion —defended the Germans. He emphasized the point that we must remember that the Sudetens are Germans, and that on account of “discrimination” the Sudetens constituted 85 per cent of the unemployed in Czechoslovakia. Professor Hall said he believed the next crisis would logically result from the German minorities residing in Po-
land.
In defending the Czechs, Professor Murphy said the Sudeten Germans were not treated harshly and that Thomas Masayrk received 75 per cent of the votes in the Sudeten area when he sought re-election as president of Czechoslovakia. Next Discussion Bob Buckles, who presided at the meeting, announced that the next discussion, which will take place in two weeks, will be on the subject, “Should There Be Compulsory Attendance at Purdue?” WBAA To Dramatize Purdue Tank Fights Second in a series of programs dramatizing the University and its traditions will be the presentation over WBAA this afternoon at 4:30 of “The Purdue Tank Scraps,” directed by Bill Ash. The part of the “Old Timer” will be taken by Prof. W. Aitkenhead, head of the Ag Engineering school. The part of “Hal” will be taken by a student, Clark Langworthy. Seventeen extras will complete the cast for this 15-minute “Scrapbook” program. Music Room Program To Feature Men’s Glee Club 'Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock the Men’s Glee Club will present a choral program in the Union ballroom. The program has not been announced. The program is one of the Union Music Room series.
Dick Cisne^To Play For Annual Co-ed Bid Dance; Date Set For October 14 Plans for Gold Diggers are once '
more in the air with the news that Dick Cisne will play for the annual co-ed bid dance. October 14 is the night when the co-eds hold sway, and have their chance to show the eds what they would call an
ideal date.
Treva Berry is making arrangements for the dance. She has put Mary Jane Carr in charge of tickets, which will be on sale beginning today at the sorority houses and at the Union desk. They are priced at one dollar. / Most Eligible Bachelor? Who is the most eligible bachelor? A vote will be taken at the dance. Be sure to vote on your ticket stub because there will be a prize for the popular man who wins
this title.
Decorations are in charge' of Jim
Williamson, Union vice-president. They are not to be described, but they will be more elaborate than ever before. Of course, tlje corsages which the girls send their dates for the dance add a great deal of interest for both the eds and co-eds. Who knows what original contraption some poor ed will be
forced to wear this year? Last year it was quite the thing
for the eds to bring along their shaving kits. Maybe they have some new and different ideas, something much heavier for the co-eds to carry this year. Perhaps they will be late if they are being taken to one of the sorority dinners. You can’t tell what will happen at Gold
Diggers.if"
SdUoJiM
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT
^SUdjiAM
Tndayf, September 30, 1938
Interested Students.. . . . jammed the Union faculty lounge last night to hear three prominent University professors talk on a subject which has been the most frequent subject of campus conversation this week . . . “The Crisis in Central Europe.” Reluctantly these men accepted the invitation to speak on this crisis concerning which the truth is so difficult to discover and even more difficult to clearly explain. Tau Kappa Alpha is to be congratulated for having sponsored such a program as one of their series of panel discussions. The subject they picked is probably the one that most vitally touches the interest of Purdue students at this time. The only bad feature of last night’s program was the fact that many students had to be turned away from the doors of the crowded faculty lounge after the first 500 were admitted. The interest and desire for authoritative knowledge shown by these and other students shows that additional programs on the same foreign situation would be extremely valuable and well received. More talks by these same professors would be worth while. Even more appropriate, however, would be an additional and special allUniversity convocation with some well-in-formed speaker. Last suipmer University students heard Dr. Helen Dwight Reid, of the University of Buffalo, give a very informative and intensely interesting explanation of the United States’ foreign policy. Some speaker comparable with her in ability and information would well fill the bill. Rules For Rushing. . . . . . appear on the front page of today’s Exponent. They are rules set up by the women’s pan-hellenic council and appear in the paper not only for the information of the girls who will be rushed, but also for the enlightenment of all other men and women students. To the prospective rushees and others who will have active part in the rush program we suggest a thorough examination of the.rules. Consider everything, time and money, living
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR. NATIONAU ADVERTIBINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTOR • Los ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session'. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
.............H. I. Stanback R, R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor D, A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.— M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager .E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager. W. F. Berg Sales Manager — V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director -_P. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor.. — Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. Associate Editors..—
._... R. L. Bfsponald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Expone?nt Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials , are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Wist Friday, September 30, 1938
and By Georgann Schilling ,
One of the main aims of this colum at the tinre of its birth was to publish announcements of all trade dinners, and sorority and fraternity dances. The season for such frivolous goings-dn is about to commence. But the problem of securing the exact data concerning such social celebrations is still pretty much of a problem to your editor. According to University ruling, permits for dances are to be filed in the Dean of Men’s office at least a week and a half ahead of time. But the students do not comply very faithfully to this time limit. So our problem still exists. —H—H— Of course we know some of you very fraternity-minded individuals are going to have the welfare of your organization at heart enough to let us know just when, where, and why you aye indulging in social celebrations. You know it pays to have a bit of advance publicity in such a dignified colunrn as HIM and HER. So you’re going to drop a note in the general Exponent box addressed to this column, or leave the information in our special box in the Union Exponent office, or even call us up and tell us about your pledge dance, or radio frolic or whatever fun you’re having. And as for the rest of you who just won’t bother to let ps know, well we can get around a little (geographically speaking of course) but we may miss hearing of your plans, and the world will never know the gala time you’re having. So do let us pass the good news around. —H—H— The Phi Gams are having an informal dance tonight at the chapter house. This is the first fraternity dance of the year and is a closed dance. _H—H— October seems to be a super month for fraternity dances—^the SPE dance is scheduled for the 15th, and the Phi Belts, Belts, and Cary Hall dance are planned for the 29th. —H&H— A large number of new block “P” sweaters have made their appearance on the campus. They are worn not only by athletes but also by such personalities as SAA officers, ^football mariagers, and cheer leaders.
Letters to the Editor
Letters accepted for publication in this column must be accompanied by the writer’s signature and should be limited to 150 words in length. Ordinarily the author’s name will be published with the letter. If for reasons obvious to our readers the name is withheld, it will be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent does not assume any responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column.
Dear Editor: A Mr. H. D, P. has written to you commenting on the spirit of the Purdue Band. Now this supposed . Purdue Enthusiast has lived on the Purdue Campus for two years, and still he has not learned anything about the Purdue Band, t think it is about time that he finds out something about the band. In the first place the band did not play last Saturday, because 60 men cannot be measured for uniforms and 60 uniforms cannot be built in one week. Mr. H. D, P. refers to the Band’s spirit. Does he know that every man in the band pays at least $60 of his own money for his uniform and that he receives no pay for any of his four years in the band? And yet more, does he know that each man in the band pays to see these football games and still contributes his services to the band ? Does he ever cpnsider the fact that the band puts in about two hours each night from 4 to 6, five days each week, preparing the formation that he enjoys at the game ? How many times does Mr. H. T)! P. turn out for pep sessions and trips across town to see the team
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
off ?• Does he know that the band turns out 100%, 120 men-strong for these affairs? If the student body turned out as well, there would be more than six thousand students there. Maybe the next time Mr. H. D. P. sits in the grand stand criticizing the Purdue Band for not turning out for a game, he will remember the service tha't the band contributes gratis to the school, and keep his criticism. C. A. Reichelderfer, ChE’38 Varied Themes Found In Music Room Art Exhibit Fourteen oil and water color paintings done by Sister Rufinia, head of the Art Department of St. Francis High School, comprise the year’s first exhibit in the music room of the Union Building. The themes of the paintings vary from religious motif'to modernistic art. The collection will be kept in the music room until October 6 when it will be sent to Indianapolis for display. This exhibit is open to students and the general public.
— Also — ZoiTo Rides Again
CHCl NOW SHOWING The show that tops the highs of all their previous hits!
This IS on.e ol.'Jhe MOV-I® QUIZ $250',000 00CO’NtEST PICT'tTRES
ADMISSION
Night and Sundays....
...35c
Matinees Till 6 p. m...
...25c
Children Always
...10c
conditions and companions, desires academic and social. To the rest of the campus we suggest that you read these rules in an effort to understand what is to many co-eds one of the most important weeks of a collegiate year. —F. S. McK.
U3^
TODAY
SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
/TAIN OEAN HASSLE FOR j f THE WORLD’S GRUNT AND § GROAN CHAiPiONSHIP!
MmiAsn
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
“And the third date is the time for most everything” so clearly rang out the advice given by SULLY MASON at the school for charm last night. “Ecstasy-man” MASON should know better than to make known his own sjiecial technique. It took fully five minutes to stop the commotion following this little speech—and some of the girls will never be the same!
Many a pin should be put out this week-end, whajt with the newly-in-formed charm school students. Better watch out, fellers!
“Now it can be told” is the theme song of former Bold and Black editor GEORGANN SCHILLING who is now batting ^in another league. She writes, a society column known as Him and Her these days, and has returned to football players after a summer of specializing in baseball. Gould hardly call it coming up in the world, though. Teke Senior Lost: Disappeared after mustache party at chapter house last Wednesday. Hasn’t been since. Answers to name of G. R. “Pantywaist” SMALL. No reward. -^Paid Ad.
YVONNE PRICE isn’t satisfied with the ratio of 5 to 1 around here. She has to eat lunch with a small arniy. Say it was business for the Playshop, but we wonder. Last year she worked (?) on Union, too. Do these activities pay ?
Then there’s the theory “There are five co-eds to every MAN on this campus.”
A certain little sophomore miss named DOROTHY MILLER is becoming the concern of all the Union Joes because of her many gentlemen friends and her public woopitching exhibitions. Each night
“I do hope there isn’t a general war in Europe—I’m boycottingenough countries as it is.”
the above mentioned young lady sits in the Union lobby, holding hands —and stuff—^with various eds. She doesn’t mind crowds at all, and even seems to react most favorably when being watched. Such crust!
And so until we meet again, remember— Little Mary from Boston, Mass. Stood in the water up to her ankles. (It doesn’t rhyme now, but it will when the tide comes in.)
This is the END,
Sfudetifs Invited To Fall Social Of Baptist Union University freshmen and upperclassmen are invited to a. fall social this evening by the east side Baptist Young People’s Organization, according to an announcement by C. Luttrell, corresponding secretary of the Baptist Young People’s Union. The social will be held at 8 o’clock in the chapel located at 7th and North streets. Refreshmentswill be served at the close of thd meeting.
I?'
/,
ONE DAY ONLY SATURDAY ON THE STAGE The Streamlined Mistress of Modern Melody RITA RIO -—In Person — with her ALL GIRL ORCHESTRA — AND — RHYTHM REV.UE — Featuring — JEANNE WALKER America s Greatest Girl Tap Dancer BETTY LEE “Xylophone Novelties"
BILLY FURROW 'Original Look, Look Dancer'
Main Floor - Balcony - Children
ADMISSION
40c - 30c :'1 5c
—ON THE screengloria STUART LANNY ROSS IN THE LADY OBJECTS"
— LAST TIMES TODAYThe Jones Family IN "SAFETY IN NUMBERS
<■
*,Friday. September 30. 1938
THE PURDUE
-
EXPONENT
Nine Big Ten Teams In Action Saturday; Ohio State-Indiana Game Heads Card Minnesota Out For Revenge Against Nebraska; Michigan Tries For First Win Over State In 6 Years While the Boilermakers are tackling the Butler Bulldogs at Indianapolis, all the other Big Ten teams but Iowa will also see action. The Hawkeyes are resting up from their 27 to 3 defeat by UCLA on the coast last week. Indiana and Ohio State will meet in the only conference game of the day, but the other contests will find the Big Ten squads takiiig on traditional rivals.
“Bo” McMillin doesn’t seem to be
f
i#ld0r^s...« ....choie*
at all worried about Saturday’s tilt with the Buckeyes. Ever since the Hoosiers trounced the boys from Ohio State last year, “Bo” has no fears as to their invincibility. Many experts believe that the winner of this Big Ten opener will have an excellent chance to gain a share in the 1938 championship. _ Minn. vs. Nebraska Minnesota’s Gophers will be out for revenge in the 1938 version of their old rivalry with Nebraska. The Cornhuskers set back the Gophers last year for one of their two defeats. Coach Bernie Bierman and interested fans throughout the midwest will be following this game to see whether Minnesota will still be able to dominate Big Ten football. Wisconsin will see the renewal of its state rivalry when the Badgers meet Marquette’s Hilltoppers at Madison Saturday. Coach “Harry”
Stuhldreher has been building up quite an aerial attack and is expected to take to the air in an attempt to repeat last year’s victory. Coach “Fritz” Crisler will lead Michigan into its first game since he was installed as grid mentor when the Wolverines face Michigan State Saturday. The Wolverines will be shooting for their first victory over their state rival in six years.
Wildcats Play
N orthwestern’s Wildcats will tackle Kansas State in their 1938 opener at Evanston. Coach Lynn Waldorf has expressed concern over the outcome of this game with the Kansans, whom he coached back in 1934 before he took up the coaching job at Northwestern. Completing the list of Big Ten teams that will see action Saturday, are Illinois, who will meet DePaul at Urbana, and Chicago’s Maroons, who will inaugurate the new season against Bradley Tech.
JUST WHAT YOU NEED FOR YOUR STUDY ROOM —See it at—
PFRONMER BROTHERS
Authorized Dealers
707 Main St.
Phone 6253
By Bruce Witwer Mighty nice to isee the football squad in such fine shape . . . with Mihal back in the running, Humphreys is the only casualty on the list . . . we’ll knock on wood on that one. —^fc— While Saturday means Bulldogs for the football team, it means a bunch of Panthers for the Boilermaker cross countrymen . . . the boys from Pitt pull into town this afternoon and will walk over the course before it gets dark ... We’d like to know their inner thoughts when they get a glimpse of Coach Phillip’s man killer through “Happy Hollow.” —^fc— If anyone doubts that the course is as bad as it is put up to be . . . just let him ask any one of the trackmen about it, but be prepared for a long session of explanation . . . it’s been a wonder to us for some time just how .Phillips can sleep of nights . . . after laying out a course like that with malice aforethought, his conscience must be as guilty as a freshman wearing yellow cords. —^fc— Johnny Woodruff ... of Olympic fame . .. will pace the Panthers . . . his battle with Art Bodeau will be something worth following . . . Art ran the course Wednesday in 34 minutes and 36 seconds and he was about a half a mile ahead of his nearest contender.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling In Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, Sept. 30, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASS, 6:30 p. m. CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1ST PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
When you see one of our cabs, you know that someone is receiving prompt, courteous service. ? For your transportation call 3071 or 5023 Our cabs ore os close to you os the nearest telephone YELLOW CAB CO. Quick Service Is Our Specialty
Physical Education Classes Take Up Six Man Gridiron Game By Rolfe Jenkins It all started four years ago, this six-man gridiron game, when Stephen Epler, coach at Chester High School in southern Nebraska, determined to figure out a system by which small schools could play football. After much consideration, he managed to originate a game which had all the features of a regular football game, with the exception of the number of players. At the same time he ingeniously met the challenges of the game by devising a few simple rules which made the six-man game of football economical, safe, and similar to the eleven man game. PE Classes Play This same football gaqie is what those students in the physical education school are playing these days out on Stuart Field. The game is now included in the course along with other regular activities, as it is believed by the staff members that many of the graduates will some day be coaching small high schools, and necessarily be in charge of this modified version of the gridiron game. Blocking and tackling in six man football are just the same as in the regular intercollegiate game, as well as most of the other fundamentals of the sport. A team consists of two ends, a center, a quarterback, a halfback, and a fullback. “This game,” Elmer Burnham, head freshman football coach said recently, “is not meant to replace eleven man football. The whole idea is to give' the smaller schools an opportunity to play. Because of the cost of eleven man football and the number of men required to furnish an adequate squad, many high schools are not able to give the students the opportunity to play. This game will supply the need.” Started this year in Indiana by about 50 high schools, the game is rapidly gaining the support of the small school officials. Scores of these six man football games are usually higher than intercollegiate contests, so the small school fans and players are being furnished with a sport which is much like college football, easy to follow, and full of color.
Elw^rd Pessimistic About Outcome Of Butler Game Very much dissatisfied with football practice yesterday afternoon, Coach Mai Elward commented that the squad havSn’t returned to the enthusiasm which was so noticeably a part of its early season drills. The Detroit game, during which the players lost from four to seven pounds apiece due to the excessive heat, not only took its toll in injuries,/but seems to have decidedly dampened the spirits of the Boilermakers.
“If we don’t look any better SatIntramural
Notices
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 J. B. Krieger vs. P. H. Darmer. Don Hall vs. R. W. Berry. Wagner vs. Fulwider. Lucht vs. Ed Vaughan or Disher. Pruitt vs. Curry or Bosart. Klein vs. Miller. J. Powell vs. Richards. G. J. Frey vs. J. H. Johnson. Harry Deutman vs. Johnston or Reed. Brinduse vs. Brackman.
SOFTBALL Diamond 7—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Pi. Intramural Softball Results Ward 3—12; Ward 1—8. Ward lOX—4; Ward IIX—2. Ward 8—10; Ward 11—9. Ward 10—6; Ward 5—5. Ward IX—12; Ward 15—8. Ward 4—7; Ward 2—2. ard 7X—16; Ward 2X—3. Ward 6—12; Ward 12—0. Ward 7—30; Ward 14—0. Cary Hall 10—2; Cary Hall 1—0. Cary Hall 3—5; Cary Hall 7—1. Cary Hall 4—13; Cary Hall 8—6. Cary Hall 9—10; Cary Hall 5—5. SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
CLEANING €i4^ PRESSING to ioth a ^clfirtce Clyva CUt Unt'
Every garment brought to us is given individual attention and care, thus insuring a well-done job. Don’t let your clothes run the risks of hazardous cleaning methods. Bring them to us for work that satisfies.
''eueatmi Across from Fire Station Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
urday than we have in practice this week,” Elward said yesterday, “we’re due for a licking at Butler. Last year we weren’t able to make much impression on Butler until the second half, and this year, with Hinkle amply fortified with the reserve strength he formerly lacked, it’s apt to be a vastly different
story.”
Tycocki Look.s Good A long scrimmage session was held yesterday in which the coaching staff worked on the smoothing out of defense and improvement in passing. Ted Tycocki, who has been laid up for some time with injuries, is due to play a good share of the game at Indianapolis Saturday. He has been showing steady improvement in both passing and kicking this week, as well as driving through for long gains in the scrimmage sessions. A short drill on signals this afternoon will conclude practice and the team will leave at 9 o’clock tomorrow morning on a special train for Indianapolis, along with 130 band members. Cubs Hand Pirates Third Straight Loss 10-1; Hartnett Hurt
'f
“Gabby” Hartnett’s Chicago Cubs whipped the fast-failing Pittsburgh Pirates by a score of 10 to 1 yesterday at Wrigley Field to go one and one-half games in the lead of the torrid National League pennant scramble. If the Chicago team can win their three games with St. Louis or if they take one from the Cards, providing Pittsburgh breaks even with Cincinnati, they will meet the New York Yankees in the World
Series.
The Pirates’ only run was made when Bill Lee blew up in the first of the fourth inning and after two men were out he walked four men to force across a run. After a talk with Gabby Hartnett, Lee regained his usual control and pitched the remainder of the ball game. Hartnett hurt his finger seriously while catching in the first half of the ninth. It was thought at the time that the finger was either fractured or the nail was split. Ken O’Dea relieved Hartnett for the balance of the final inning, Pittsburgh made one run, seven hits and committed two errors, as the Cubs made 10 runs, 10 hits, and made no bobbles. Co-eds To Open New Pool With Splash Party Today The new swimming pool in the Women’s Ginnnasium will be opened today at 6:30 with a splash party for all co-eds. The open swim is being sponsored by Triton Club. Suits and towels will be furnished all swimmers attending. According to an announcement by Kathryn Merritt, WAA president, the new pool has been classed by the visiting inspector as one of the best in the state. It will be open to swimmers every afternoon, Monday through Friday from 4 to 6:30 o’clock. Recordings Will Furnish Music For First PIA Dance First PIA dance of the year will be held tomorrow afternoon in the Union ballroom. It will be open to all students, although subsequent dances will be open only to PIA members. Recordings played over an amplifying system will replace the music of Bob Shinn’s PIA orchestra, as many of the orchestra membeirs will be at Indianapolis with the
band.
No admission will be charged.(Continued from page 1) will not be given except at the preference night dinner, when they may be given, if so desired. The price for them is not to exceed $1.00. f. There will he no calling for rushees to take them to parties. g. Sorority houses are not to make social engagements for the rushees during rush or previous to the rushing period. All freshman girls making social engagements with men should piake them directly or through the W. S. G. A. dating bureau. h. All rushing ceases daily at 8:30 P. M., except Sunday, October 2, when no rushing is permitted. i. No dates with sorority houses may be broken during rush. 4. Preference Night Dinner The formal preference night dinner wall be given on Thursday, October 6, from 5:30 to 8:00 P. M. a. Invitations to the preference night dinner will be received and signed at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union Building from 7:30 A. M. to 1:00 P. M. on Thursday, October 6. No dates for preference night dinners may be broken. No organized women are to be in the Union Building during this time. b. Replies to preference night invitations shall be called for at the Pan-Hellenic desk by the rush chair- / man at 1:00 P. M. Thursday, October 6. 5. Preferential Bidding a. After the preference night dinner, all rushees will go to the Union Building through the west door and go to the Pan-Hellenic desk to sign their preference cards. b. Each rushee must indicate on her preference card where she may be reached until 11:00 P. M., Thursday, October 6. c. Rush chairmen must indicate where they may be reached until 12:00 midnight on Thursday, October 6. d. Lists from the sorority houses are due at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union Building by 10:00 P. M., following the preference night dinners. e. Sorority' lists and rushee’s preference cards will be matched by the Pan-Hellenic lawyer as in previous years. f. No organized women are to be in the Union Building from 7:30 p. m. to 9:30 p. m. Thursday, October 6. 6. Pledging a. Invitations to pledging shall be delivered by the rush chairman of each sorority to the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union Building by 8:00 A. M., October 7. b. Rushees may call for invitations to pledging at the Pan-Hel-lenic desk in the Union Building until 4:00 P. M., Friday, October 7. c. Pledge ceremonies may be held any time after 4:00 P. M., Friday, October 7. d. Pledge-ti’aining for freshmen and sophomores shall extend over a period of 108 days. Tx’aining for upperclasswomen and ^pecial students will not be limited by the PanHellenic Council. 7. Violations In the event of violation of any of the preceding 'rushing regulations, the Pa,n-Hellenic Council shall have original jurisdiction. Violations must be reported in writing to the president of the council.
—Today— 11:00—(Yet to be filled). 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Review by Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—The Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Grade School Program. '1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Vocational Guidance Program. 2:15—Musical Review, 2:80—West Lafayette High School Program. 8:00—Concert Review. ^ 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats by Julius Bom. 4:16—Melody Moods. 4:80u-|*urdtte Scrapbook.
Rita Rio, All-Girl Orchestra, At Mars
RITA RIO
On Broadway, at the college proms, Hollywood, and in America’s finest hotels and ballrooms, Rita Rio, the streamlined mistress of modern rhythm, and her All-Girl Orchestra, are noted for their beauty, personality, musicianship, ahd and ability to play fine dance rhythms. Rita, who first gained national popularity as the singing and dancing star of Eddie Cantor’s motion picture production, “Strike Me Pink,” aside from being a striking brunette is a taliented singer and dancer. During her engagement at the Mars theater, on Saturday Rita Rio and her orchestra will combine dance music and entertainment. The orchestra, composed of America’s finest girl musiicans, are noted for their interpretation of swing, the waltzes, fox trots and tangoes and for the many entertaining vocal and instrumental specialties. “The Lady Objects,” with Gloria Stuart and Lanny Ross, is the attraction on the screen.
Local Ads
CALL 7828 and order a case of 320economy toilet roll $4.50.
All Co-eds: Any co-eds interested in swimming may attend opening of pool Friday, September 30 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. —JORGESON.
Fraternity Presidents: Please send your checks, payable to Gimlet Club for tickets to intrasquad football game to R. S. Harper at the Alpha Gamma Rho House. (9-30) —HARPER.
Purdue Engineer: Following men report to Squires or Felix in the Engineer office Friday, September 30: Adams, Stevenson, Fisher, Maidlow, Horth, Packman, and Ruth. —TAYLOR.
Union Room Bids; Bids for special meetings and banquets must be written and handed in at the Student Union office before Saturday, October 1. —ASHTON.
Forestry Club: All membership receipts for Forestry Club must be turned in for membership cards by Friday, September 30, to the membership committee. See your class / representative before then or call 6411i; —NICHOLS.
WAA Council: Meeting Friday, September 80, at 4 p. m. in the WAA office in the Memorial Gym. ^RODERICK. Barbara Hyman, Helen Stallings, Maisrnerite Funkhouser, and Laura Betty Gregory. —McKEE.
Gold Peppers: Please meet me in room F at 5 p. m., Friday, September 30. —COOLEY.
Heads of Co-ed Activity Groups; Be sure that your organization is represented on the committee for Conference on Contemporary Culture Friday, September 30, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. —ELSTUN.
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following singles games should be played as soon as possible: Fishleigh vs. Thomas, Sheay vs. Stocker, Holler vs. Himes, Swift vs. Frado, Hirschman vs. Schilling, Horne vs. Pidgeon, Miller vs. Stanely, Spry vs. Biesecker. Results are: to be recorded on the WAA Bulletin Board in Memorial Gym. —WALKER.
Reamers: Turn in your tickets for the Wisconsin and Indiana football games to either Wright, Thatcher, or Jacks at 201 Vine street. (9-30) -^ACKS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in the faculty lounge of Union Building at 7:80 p, m. Friday, September 80. All students interested in joining are welcome. —AYASUN.
Freshmen, Sophomore Co-eds: Girls in- . terested in WSGA office committee, report to WSGA office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6:30 p. m. (9-30) —THRASHER.
Juniors: All Juniors interested in coming out for Forensic manager or Purdue student speaker’s bureau leave petitions at the Union desk by noon Friday, September 30. Please state approximate scholarship index and any other activities. Call Carr at 6021 for details. —CARR.
Delta Rho Kappa: Meeting Monday, October 3 at 7 :30 p. m. in the Union Building. Election of officers and organization meeting. ■ : —HANNAS.
Book Exchange: Will the following students apply at the Student Union office in the Union Building Friday, September 30, between 4 and 5 :30 p. m. for the proceeds of their books which have been sold: 105, 172, 230, 269, 363, 407, 434, 626, 696, 679, 964, 958, 1252, 1273, 1280, 1317, 1332, 1394, 1633, 1609, 1673, 1676, 1676, 1807, and 1887. —RICHARDSON.
Purdue Camera Club: Keys for the dark room will be available in the Student Union office Thursday and Friday, September 29 and 30. They may be gotten any time in the afternoon for 26 cents. —MORRISON. We.sley Foundation: Street car hike followed by weiner roast Friday, September 30, at 4:16. Tickets will be 16 cents or two for 25c. Meet at the Foundation. —KLINE.
Men’s Archery: Archery every week day at 4 p. m. on the men’s range north of Cary Hall and west of the Stadium. Equipment will be furnished. 10-5)) —KUSrZER.
WAA Hockey: All girls wishing to make up a practice are urged to attend the open field hockey practice at 4 p. m. Friday, September 30. —SHAFFER.
Exponent Freshman Co-eds: Those who work Friday, September 30, at 4 o’clock in room E of the Union are Carolyn Hedderick, Mary Jane Bird, and Patricia Flint. Saturday workers who report at 11 o’clock in I'oom E are Mary Cleveland, Naomi Abel, Edna Nottingham and Jean Ann McCllntock. —McKEE.
Roger Williams Club: All those going to Vawter’s Big Rock picnic meet at the West Lafayette Baptist church Saturday, October 1, at 1:16 p. m. , —WRIGHT.
Motorcycle Riders: Riders interested in Purdue Motorcycle club meet at Budges cycle shop Friday, September 30, at 7 p. m. Steak fry date will be decided. ^STRIEBY.
P OP G O R N Sacks 5c; Gallon 15c DAD’S PLACE-So Handy
HAYS JEWELRY GO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayetf'e, Ind. Our Complete Line of Blankets Makes Choosing Easy All the new colors in ch'ecks, plaids and plains. All the wanted sizes are here in all wool, part wool and cottons.
All Wool Blankets
We show the products of nationally known makers. Full size blankets in
price range.
Part Wool Blankets
50% Wool Blankets, 72x84 size — warm, fluffy and a comfortable. Splendid val-
ues—priced
$5.75 to $10.00 each
Double All Wool Blankets, 72x84, size. Lovely plaid patterns — priced $10.00 pair
$2.98 each
50 % Wool Blankets in doubles—'72x8A size. Fancies and checks. $3.98 pair
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies, C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy^—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—^we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
ROOMMATE FOR SOPH—Single bed continuous hot water, clean and quiet. Phone 35934, 226 Pierce street.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—50 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.50. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
FOR RENT—One .garage. Three dollars a month. Inquire 103 Russell St., West Lafayette.
LOST—A Sigma Alpha Epsilon pin. Finder please return to Jack Findley. Phone 4840. $1.00 reward.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Beauty Studio
• Professional
No Appointment Necessary
MAURICE P. LORD
MERLE GREGORY
DENTIST
BEAUTY SHOP
]]6V2 No. 3rd St.
306 Lafayette Life Building
West Side of Square
Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Shoe Repair
• Bookstores
BOSSUNG
"DEAC"
Shoe Repair Shop
Everything for a College Education
in the
H. G. RElSNiR
VARSitY BOOT SHOP
• Tailor
• Florists
SPARRENDAHL
Dorner's Flower Shop
Merchant Tailor
Hotel Fowler
Quality Flowers
4th and Ferry Streets
Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Jewelers
R. J.
BATH
Watchmaker
605 Main St.
JhiL SLaiMt J’oJlL djuL dn. It seems a little early but it isn't. Fall is just around the corner and the new clohes are in. Come in for a preview. It will be worth your while. STEP IN AND LOOK OVER OUR NEW 1938 STOCK GULLION'S 316 STATE
Shirts! Beautiful! Yes! You Too! Can Join the Fashion Parade In One of Ours
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
EXTRA SPECIAL 76 - DESK LAMPS - 76 Flexible Arm, Like Picture
COLORS Brown, Black, or Green
Approved RubberCov^yed Cord to rnatch Lamp,
A Regular $ 1.00 Item While They Last—NOW-
HAYWOOD’S RETAIL DEPT. 5th & Ferry Sts.
C Each