‘ , 1
s
^ % 4/f 5:
®he Purfluc ■Exp0neJTt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIfI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30, 1936
NUMBER 36
Kryl To Bring Maxwell, Bona As Soloists
Neiyspaper Critics Praise Maxwell’s Skill-
ful Vocal Work
“Her voice is of a peculiarly lovely quality, warmly resonant and concentrated, and like the timbre of an Amanti violin,” says the critic of the New York American. Miss Maxwell, soloist with Kryl’s symphony orchestra, is a native American artist, born in South Dakota and trained in America. She has been with the Chicago Opera Company, has had summer engagements with the Ravinia Opera Company and the Grand Opera Company, Bordeaux, France, as a guest artist. The Washington, D. C., Star says, “Of the singers, Margery Maxwell stands foremost, both for characterization and skill in vocal work. Her firm, clear notes were always a real joy.” Miss Maxwell, Cornelia Bona, and Kfyl himself are to be the featured sololists at the convocation in the Purdue Memorial Gymnasium on November 8. This is Kryl’s thirtythird year of such tours with symphony orchestras. During this time he has participated in m.ore than twelve hundred concerts and has traveled more than one and one-half million miles.
Team Given
Big Send-Off Enthusiastic Crowd,
Band Cheer Departing
Boilermaker Squad
“We are going out there only two things in mind. One, to forget the Minnesota game and profit by the mistakes we made—and to beat Carnegie Tech,” spoke Captain George Bell, as he talked to a large crowd of students and townspeople who gathered to give the University football team a big sendoff for Carnegie Tech at the Big Four station last night at 9 o’clock. Lee Graves and Cecil Isbell also spoke briefiy to the crowd. Burnell Leads Yells After the speaking, head cheer leader Walt Burnell led the crowd in yelling with “Yea, Purdue, Fight” and the train pulled out of the station to the strains of “Hail Purdue.” The session started from the West Side with the band leading a howling, enthusiastic crowd of students and townspeople across the river followed by a long line of gleaming headlights. The sendoff of the Boilermaker squad to Pittsburgh was accomplished by one of the most loyal showings of true Boilermaker backers.
Costume Parade
Tomorrow Night
Tomorrow night at 8:30 o’clock the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the American Legion Drum Corps are sponsoring a Halloween Mardi Gras street parade. The paraders will meet on lower Ferry street at 8 o’clock and will march up Main street to Ninth and north on Ninth to the Lafayette Armory where it will disband. In connection with this affair WL3 radio stars will provide entertainment on platforms on Main street during the afternoon and evening. Costume Prizes The parade will be made up of different character sections with prizes being awarded for the three best costumes in each section. After the parade Joe Lehnen and his band will play for a masquerade dance in the Armory.
Teke’s To Give Halloween Party For Alpha Zi Delta Ti,a Kappa Epsilon fraternity will act as hosts to Alpha Zi Delta sorority tomorrow evening at a Halloween party, Mr, and Mrs. Thomas Binney and Mrs. Harry Swank will be the chaperons.
Intra-Mural Debate Plans Progressing Teams Must Register In Union Building By
November 4
Preparations for the Mohlman intra-mural debate contest are getting under way with the registration of all teams wishing to enter. This contest is open to teams from any campus organization. Triangle fraternity’s team won last year as the Phi Kappa’s team placed second. The winning team will have possession of a cup, presented by the Mohlman Jewelry Company of Lafayette for one year. Keys and fleets to the annual speech banquet are awarded to the members and managers of the first and second placing teams. Registration Teams wishing to enter this contest ihust re^ster before noon November 4 in the debate office of the Memorial Union Building. Each team will consist of two speakers and a manager. An organization may enter two teams, but both must be managed by the same person. Members of this or previous year’s inter-collegiate debate squads are not eligible for participati’on in the contest. Subjects for the debates will be decided upon at a meetii^ of the team managers in the Memorial Union Building at 7:15 p. m., November 4.
Cosmopolitan Club Will Hear Hupe Speak On Education In Germany The Cosmopolitan Club will meet at 7:16 o’clock tonight in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Wolfgang Hupe, a student, is to speak briefly on education in Germany, his native country. The organization invites all those interested to attend. Co-ed membership in the club was given official sanction last Tuesday by Dean Dorothy Stratton. In an interview with A. F. Futoohee, the president of the the organization. Dean Stratton said that she felt a feminine influence in the club would be very constructive. Moreover, she stated that the present members of the club have much to offer newcomers.
Members Of Christian Foundation To Have Party Members of fhe Purdue Christian Foundation will hold a party at Kemmer’s cottage tonight. Those desiring to go will meet in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building at 7:16 tonight. Transportation has been arranged to and from the party by those in charge.
TO PRANKSTERS Notice is now given that any student or students who participate in rush rioting,' acts of vandalism, and destruction of property during Halloween will be considered as ineligible for further continuance in the University. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President,
Students Express Varied Opinions On Tradition
By R. P, Manion
Editor's Note: As pointed ont on the editorial page today, force is not a factor in the revival of this tradition. Each and every student is requested to cooperate, and to exercise his school spirit.
Opinions on the campaign to reiiew the University “no smoking”
tradition elicited yesterday from students of various classes and schools mostly favored the upholding of the custom. Student views presented include: W. K. Stallings, junior mechanical: “I think it’s a good idea. If they’re going to have the tradition, they should see that it is obeyed.” C. D. Ehinger, junior electrical: “I think it is one of the best things Purdue^has ever h^d. We have very few traditions and should try to keep alive those we do have.” Students And Faculty A. H. Hokanson, junior mechanical: “This is a distinguishing tradition and should be observed by both students and faculty.” C. S. Anning, sophomore chemical : “I think it’s a good point, but I don’t think the entire campus should
be affected.”
W. P. Becker, sophomore mechanical: “It’s a shame that a tradition
should have to be enforced, but one that distinguishes Purdue like this one does, should be preserved.” J. M. Suardi, junior civil: “The two word^, tradition and enforcement, seem discordant.” W. J. Meehan, sophomore science: “The arguments presented in support of this tradition are not rational.” Should Be Preserved R. D. Linville, junior mechanical: “I think that this tradition should be preserved as an identifying feature of Purdue.” W. H. Craig, junior mechanical: “It’s a good tradition and I’m for it. Everyone should have enough school spirit to observe it.” Here For A Long Time V. W. Antueshko, junior mechanical: ^‘We have very few traditions. This is one which has been with the campus for a long time and should be continued.” H. W. Hughes, senior science: “I am heartily in favor of no smoking on the campus.” G. W. Burnell, senior science: “I aip heartily in favor of enforcing this tradition.”
Jones Speaks Tol25AtAIEE
Stresses Insignificant Factors In Job Hunting
“The insignificant things which one forgets are the things I’m going to stress because they are so easily overlooked,” said Charles W. Jones, employment supervisor of Eli Lilly and Company, of Indianapolis, in opening his speech before the open meeting of the Purdue section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers held lastf night iii the^^ Electrical Engineering Building. / Jones said that the most important aspects of job hunting are educational experience, speech, attitude, and the ability to work in groups. In speaking of one’s attitude, Jones said that the best one was “I can get along with people”. He said, “A person must be able to do small things well and thoroughly. College grads want to be big shots too soon.” His advice to students is to “Take an interest in people. Study human nature. Learn to make friends. Learn how to make friends.” He finished by saying, “Everything a person does has a history.” About 126 people, including a group of co-eds attending the meeting. John Webb, assistant engineer under W. A. Hanley, represented the Indianapolis chapter at the session.
Little Theater Will Present “Lassitude”
Under the direction of Louise Wagner, Little Theater, in its weekly broadcast over WBAA this afternoon at 3:30 o’clock will present “Lassitude” by Hovert D. Skidmore. Included in the cast are Mrs. Louis Pearlman, Berk Barabe, H. G. Venemann, Mrs. Ray Ck'epps, and Mrs. Irving Bartlett.
Ufider The Mirror
Book notes from the Browsing Boom
’ MANNERS IN BUSINESS 'TSHzabfetii ^regg
Understanding and practical advice upon any subpject is a matter of interest even if it is not always acted upon. All girls about to enter the business world will find this book a very excellent guide in matters of business etiquette. Mrs. MacGibbon conducts a na-tion-wide syndicate feature which involves answering thousands of questions and she is thoroughly familiar with business routine. Her advice upon this subject is founded upon years of real experience. Helpful suggestions for entrance in a new field are always acceptable and a few hours spent with this book may supply the answers to diflicult situations which are sure to arise in every business ofiice.
Music Room Program
OCTOBER 30, 1936 Noon—12 to 1 o’clock Tannhaser-Overture and Venusberg Music (Wagner), Stokowsky Philadelphia Orchestra.
" Evening—4 to 7 o’clock Symphony No. 4 in F. Minor (Tschaikowsky), Stokowsky Philadelphia Orchestra.
Ceres Club Announces
Names Of New Pledges Ceres, honorary agronomy and general agricultural society, announces the pledging of the following men: seniors, H. F. Gray, Hanover; H. D. Todd, Flora; W. W. Myers, Ashley; juniors: R. L. Henry, Evansville; R. H. Chinn, Kokomo; R. B. Davis, Seymour; R. C. Ziegler, Veedersburg; J. C. Dibble, Rising Sun; and C. R. Luke, Goshen.
University Approves Faculty Changes Necessitated By Large Enrollment
Numerous changes in the Uni-' versity faculty, made necessary by the increased enrollment this yeafr, were recently approved by the Board of Trustees. The following are^the principal changes. Dr. Claire Healey, woman physician is assistant director of student health service. Fred^ Willis was transferred from the biology staff to the student health service. John Shaey has replaced Dr. W. B, Stout in the agricultural department. Resignation Dr. A. F, Hinrichs, of the farm management staff, has resigned to become head of the department of agricultural economics in the University of Rhode Island. Joseph Carroll, D. D. Sutherlin, and H. L. Hawley were named as part time assistants in farm management. In the school of civil engineering F. J. Benson has been made an in'< structor in surveying, T, C. Hanson
will take the place of Prof. W. E. Howland, M. E. Neligh will be an instructor, and W. B. Miller will be an assistant instructor. Mechanical Engineering Melvin Price is taking the place of Prof. John Sauers, while Dr. R. C. Binder has succeeded Prof. R. C. Egry in the department of mechanical engineering. In home economics Dr. Cecelia Schuck will succeed Dr. Marguerite Mallon, and Miss Harriet Naumann will be succeeded by Miss Ruth Austin. Dr. Elizabeth Rogosheski is here this semester in place of Miss Margaret Johnson. Miss EVancis Hunter and Miss Constance Hastie are new assistants. New members of the English department are Scott Elledge, Dr. A. R. Pulton, V. E. Gibbons, W. M. Gibson, Bernard Schmidt, and Carl LeFeyre.
Polite Requests Prevjul On Campus Smokers Majority Of Students Agree To Uphold Uniiser* sity Tradition; Some Antagonism Aroused
“Will you help us uphold the *no smoking* tradition ? Will you put out your cigarettes and wait until you get off the campus to
smoke ?” /
A half dozen or so smokers readily acquiesced, in a rather embarrassed manner, to this earnest request of a junior sena-
tor near the Physics Building
during the intermission preceding 11 o’clock classes yesterday morning. One or two other students not directly accosted by the senator also stopped smoking upon overhearing his plea. A Different Story Two or three minutes previous to this incident, another junior, an honorary pledge, strode up to another group of students at the same location and demanded, “Did you read the Exponent this morning? We’re not going to have any more smoking on the campus.” Without waiting for an answer he turned and walked away, to be followed by these comments: “Who th’ h was that?” “I’m going to smoke this cigarette now until it bums my fingers.” “I don’t smoke, but I think I’ll take up the habit now.” Take It Seriously Most of the students who gather regularly between the Physics Building and Purdue Hall were inclined to take the campaign for renewing the “no smoking” tradition seriously, although some of them adopted a joking attitude and greeted one another with remarks such as “Have you got a cigarette?” and “Well, let’s light up.” Random comments from abusers of the tradition included: “I thought the Gimlets, the Reamers, and Cary Hall were goin^r to ji^qpce no smoking on the cami^’us. Where are they?” “I can break a tradition and still not feel bad about it.” How About Instructors ? “It’s not much of a rule anyway, when the instructors don’t obey it.” “It’s not a rule; it’s a tradition,” someone corrected the preceding speaker. Practically no smoking was done after the first two intermissions of the day. With few exceptions, smokers agreed to requests of other students to stick by the tradition.
200 Officers At Smoker
Zouaves, Camp Pietures, Fencers, Quartette On Program
Scotch Team To^ Play Hockey Match
On November 7 the Scotch Touring Hockey Team will play an exhibition match at Earlham College, Richmond, Indiana. Miss Veronica Brady of the women’s physical education department has asked that all girls interested in seeing the game sign the notice on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gymnasium before Tuesday. Arrangements will be made for the trip if enough co-eds are interested in attending.
Plant Physiblogists Will Hear Prof. F. S. Howlett
Prof. F. S. Howlett of Ohio State University will speak on “The Nitrogen Carbohydrate Relationships And Sexual Reproduction in Plants” at a banquet given Monday evening, 6 o’clock, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building by the Purdue Section of the American Society of Plant Physiologists. All reservations must be made with D. M. Doty in the Agricultural Experiment Station Building by Saturday noon.
Remaining Tickets For Military BaU Sold
All of the I'emaining tickets for the Military Ball were sold in a short time yesterday afternoon. The desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building has been closed. Bill Hogan’s band will furnish the music for the affair. This band is from the Coconut Grove in Hollywood, the night dub highly patronized by movie stars.
Members of Fort Knox’s Battery A and Battery B had verbal fingers at each others’ throats as they debated the relative merits of the two organizations at the annual fall smoker of the University corps, presented last night by the senior members of the corps in honor of the junior members in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. P. C. Wray defended Battery A and repudiated the charges made by D. Farquharson who represented Battery B. O. W. Buenting presented and described pictures which were taken at last summer’s camp session to open the smoker. After the debate, which came second on the program, the Military Quartette, composed of A. F. Garier, R. B. Klopfenstein, J. F. Brubaker, and D. R. Tam, sang a new version of the “Field Artillery Song,” and followed it with a rendition of “For The Glory Of Old Purdue”, which has recently excited much comment on the campus as a suggested replacement for “Hail Purdue.” The Zouave Squad, which is managed by W. E. Winter, gave an e:diibition of their intricate maneuvers. J. W. Wright led them in their steps last night. To conclude the program. Prof. R. y. Finney, of the modem language department and fencing coach at the University, spoke briefly about fencing and introduced six members of the squad, who gave an exhibition of work with the foil, the sabre, and the epee. As the group of about two hundred junior and senior military students broke up, ice cream was served by the Cadet Officers Entertainment Committee, which sponsored the affair, under the direction of E. W. Anderson.
Indiana To Meet Iowa
In Homecoming Game
Indiana’s 1936 football squad will play its initial game on the home grounds tomorrow against Iowa’s strong eleven. The tilt is Indiana’s annual Homecoming game and also is the celebi'ation of the golden anniversary of football at the school. The starting lineup for Indiana is very undecided because of injuries which have placed many of the regulars on the sidelines. The lineup is not expected to be announced before the start of the
game.
Westminster Foiindation To Give Party Tonight Old fashioned games and old clothes will be in style at the Halloween party which the 'Westmiaster Foundation will give tonight at 8 o’clock at the Westmmster house. The Foundation invites all students to attend.
Fair - But Cooler
By Tempy £xp<meat Waath«r Mousq
I didn’t do so well with my prediction yesterday. I guess I must have caught pnoo—knewmmiy—phow-now-~a cold in my tail. Sol’ihglad to report that it will be fair todhy» if somewhat cooler. X hope so> b^ cause if it is maybemy tail will have a chance to get well, and my reputation as a prognoqqqutttr-^ a pxo^ctor win remain unsuUied. memher, fair and cooler.
) f
J,,d
I
J^ge 'two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
4,^ mf.
y’Wrr7f*v‘,
1 i' 'j)
ffriday, October 30,193^
Just In The “Nicotine” EJvery student approached yesterday on the matter of campus smoking with few exceptions, gave his prompt offer to help uphold the “no smoking” tradition. If the campaign is as completely successful as the first day indicated, in a very short time Purdue will regain the distinction of being the only large institution upon whose campus there is no smoking because of active school spirit. When every student understands the meaning behind this movement and co-operates with it, the goal will be in sight: that this, as well as all other Purdue traditions, will be strengthened by an interested and spirited student body.
Not War— But Concerted Action Although the tradition campaign produced an abatement in campus smoking yesterday, several students disregarded and even derided the efforts of the organizations backing the move and the publicity given the campaign in yesterday’s papeis. Pait of the smoking was due to the mistaken idea that the groups of students sponsoring the levival of the tradition were going to appear on the scene of the violation and attempt to force the offendeis to desist. The smokers referred to here were practically looking for and expecting a fight. The plans of Gimlet, Reamei, Student Senate, and all the other organizations that met in Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday night did not include the use of force. What they want is the willing coopeiation of every University student in reestablishing the custom of not smoking on the campus. College students are inclined to be cynical in their attitude toward traditions and customs. They do not apprehend the pride and satisfaction that observance of this time-honored habit now will bring them when they retdm to the University in ten, twenty, or thirty years. Nevertheless, pleas of old graduates who came back to the campus for homecoming were a big factor in initiating the present move to renew the “no smoking tradition.” Serious thinking on the part of the previously mentioned_student groups convinced them that this tradition should be revived, and their meeting and their signed publicity was not intended to arouse antagonism, but to show the entire University how great and how strong a backing the movement had. Most students who feel the urge to light a cigarette or pipe between classes can walk to the edge of the campus or to the Memorial Union Building to light up. Those whose classes are not within “smoking distance” can surely refrain until they reach untraditionalized territory. Will every student cooperate in upholding the “no smoking” ti*adition?
There Comes A Time There comes a time in the life of every journalist, or anyone connected with writing when he can no longer enjoy things as they are. Just as an eminent psychologist once said: “I can no longer enjoy myself —analjraie all the enjoyment out of everything I do,” the journalist analyzes all the enjoyment out of ever3rt;hing he sees. Assignments and deadlines may be forgotten; the sound of the typewriters and the smell of the ink may be lost; but no matter how distantly removed a writer may be from his job of writing, no matter whether he has chang^ed his occupation, his name, his life—^he can see nothing but that he thinks of it in terms of a story. And instead of sitting back and enjoying what he sees, whether it be a dance, a sunset, a flower, he loses the beauty that is there, in the deluge of words, words, words, that run through his mind trying to form themselves into phrases, sentences, paragraphs so as to describe the sight to the readers—what readers? So instead of being a human being, he becomes an
$arbue exponent
Pounded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 F)ssocialed Gotie6icde Pk^ss Distributors of Gotte6iateDi6e$t
HenOMr of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association aepaEscNTCD ron national advcrtisino by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston > san Francisco LOS ANGELES - Portland • Seattle
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Debvered by mail, $8.60 per year, delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Bpsiness Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication pf Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-m-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor - E. H. Moms Associate Editors K. A Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. EL Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Bports Editor
AjMOciate %ort8 Editors
SPORTS STAFF
„ L.D. Wood
W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF SnsInekBs - . »* .. R* J« Hu1b€ Matitmal Advertising Manager L. H. Brown ItpCBl Adverting Manager d. C. Miller Clteatation Manager J, p. Girard
EdiUw . Advertising Manager Associate Editors ..
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech , _ , Betty Barnett Jesinne Janousek, Dpris McCartneys Elisabeth Fyke
iBSiie Editor—<J. A. Chapin
automaton that is ever striving to describe, narrate picture what eomes to his eye. And sbmewhere in. the back of his mind there is a longing to be like other people—^to be able to see things simply and to enjoy them without the debasement of words and typewriters and headlines.—J. E. B.
More Hitlerian Nonsense Hitler has recently added another censorship band to the tightest censorship in the world. He did this through his puppet-speaker. State Councillor Hans Johst, who lately exclaimed, “In the future I will eliminate the lukewarm (books) among the bookdealers and I will not tolerate a dictatorship of the buying public ... Bookdealers must not use books as a means of private income but in the service of the Third Reich . . . The buying public is our people and our people want to he and shall be convinced and led; that is the principle of our age ... Resistance will be broken with dynamite.” First of all Hitler plans to destroy all the books that do not come out in the open and yell, “Heil, Hitler,” just as the rulers of Germany in days of yore did to informative, liberal literature. Next l\e begs (with the strong arm of his secret police to back up his request) that the bookdealers sell Hitlerite books for the good of the nation and not get any income from it. Then he claims that the people wish to be led by him and yet he would be killed within the hour if the secret police were not so deadly; that’s how much they like him. Last, he says that MIGHT makes RIGHT and proceeds to prove it to his loving people and the frightened world. Thus a censorship made more complete, tighter, tighter. Then the breaking point will be reached and his secret police will do the Dictator no good.— R. N. W.
Dads And Mothers The finest traditions observed annually on the campus of Washington State College are the two week-ends honoring the mothers and fathers. These periods during which students royally and affectionately entertain their parents rate even higher than does the homecoming of graduates and former students. Perhaps it is because the behavior is a little finer, the entertainment a little more carefully prepared, and the students a little more anxious to show off their school homes and school life to proud fathers and mothers. The students had a right to be proud of the State college and the programs they prepare for their parents. These week-ends increase not only in quality but in size because Washington State college is constantly increasing in size and scope. Dad’s Day is upon us. For the seventh time the State college will sincerely invite over 3,000 fathers to the campus. But somehow, sincerity is lost in inass invitation. Nothing can replace the personal invitation extended to his father by each students.—Washington State Evergreen.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent totU not assume responsiHitp for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
College Professionalism For many years the colleges in this country have been accused of paying their athletes. That most colleges do cannot be denied, yet officials go around with sweet expressions and are shocked when anyone suggests giving the players what they are worth. Many a football player has received four years in college for his work. I hate to call that an “education,” because quite often athletes are among the dumbest humans imaginable. There are many and notable exceptions, of course, but just as you can’t find both beauty and brains in women very often, neither can you find college-grade intelligence and physical superiority in a majority of men. Is there any reason why college athletes should not be paid when their schools are exploiting them for thousands of dollars? Theoretically the reason is that small colleges get a better break when no one is allowed to pay the players. But it is common knowledge that all sorts of institutions pay their stars in one way or another. The manner of paying is often objectionable. Usually no money changes hands, the deals being consummated by underhanded methods, Jesse Owens, for instance, obtained a snap job with the state legislature which required little or no time, but on his salary he was able to go to school and get married. Why not eliminate trickery and pay the athletes what they are worth in cold cash?
Have you seen your debris picture ? ? ?—mine is poor too—^when you go for your proofs beware of the little dark gal dishing them out —^she’s dynamite to the pocket bo«dt ... a group of Pi Phi’s took “GBBS” the pet flivver, to the BLAZER on Wednesday evening—^it seems to have needed a bit of oil ?? ? ... Why did “BURNELL of PURDUE” look so sad and disappointed Wediiesday night as he left the library—some say that he saw “IT” CHRISTOPHERSON there—some saw her tell him good-bye—some saw her leave later with another man — think of it . . . “Fitches' STUCKEY, the UNION bowling alley manager, is enjoying his job— teaching women’s gym classes to bowl is a real pleasure to him— some of the girls say that they could go for him if he would only change hair tonics—the present one doesn’t seem to work . - . The Betas serenaded the campus Wednesday morning—^the duel between this group and the Pi Phi’s was a mellar ’fair .. .der frosh popurlation at der Warmen’s darm ain’t satersfied mid habing der telphrone numbre in telphrone brooks, dey hev writ der name and numbre “WRH 4035” on walls, deskers, un pubrick praces .... POME A bar on the campus? Yes truly we need A bar on the campus. Inviting, indeed. We cut redtatimis When we’re unprepared. Should highballs be offered A cut might be spared. Your lectures are dull And the hour is long? A cocktail’s suggested— Martini, quite strong. In a three-hour lab There’s one thing to do. Let us speed the last hour With a beer, maybe two. Wp’d gather at four. And while we’re together. We’d drink a last toast To feel like a feather. —^block and tackle. A certain Foods teacher left the room during a Junior and Senior Foods test which she was giving— upon the board she placed “And this above all, unto thine own self he true”—^the gals didn’t laugh— much. , . . MILITARY BALL is near—^soon we’ll hear—^the crabbing of co-eds —they’ll be mad at the eds—for an import to have—is preferable to a co-ed by gad ... WHY NOT? DOIT DOIT I haven’t received the doit 1 need —^if you would like to get R MARS double-pass ^at be free from fret
One trouble with the world is the long time between thinks.—The Shaft.
There are two kinds of education. One is that which makes you pass examinations, the other is the one you enjoy. This makes education an atmosphere, a discipline, and a lift, and produces a human being. —Bish David, of Liverpool.
1. Uphold the no smohing tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election syatem. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
|W — mvmomv iHO. ~*****’^'^-**<*«*’^^ IIMMI— — ilfr-— rn-rMiniii i ■ ' “We’re playing house—an I’ve just locked up Junior for not paying me alimony.”
—^tum in your doit—and make it poloit—sign it please—^for I want to appease—^you can be like a fox— just place it in the box—at the UNION desk—ni take care of the rest. . .
Inter-Ward Cross Country Meet Nov. 4; To Award Medals At 4:20 p. m. on Wednesday, November 4, the Inter-Ward CrossCountry Race will be held on the University’s two and one-half mile cross country course which starts at 4th street on Intramural Field and continues around the field three times. Four men may enter as a team, the first three finishing to score. All men who are entered in the race are to report to the Memorial Gymnasium at 4i00 p. m. on th,e day of the race for their numbers. Gold medals will be given to the members of the winning team, and also to those men finishing first, second, and third if they are not on the winning team. The following men are ineligible for ward cross-
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205 Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service Serving Purdue for 37 years 635 Mam St. m Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
“DEAC” HAS EVERTTHIKG for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic * OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
HOT WATER HEATERS Easy Terms at FIRESTONE SERVICE STORE 9th and Ferry Ph. 2903
TODAY - SATURDAY Big Double Feature BUCK JONES “BOSS RIDERDF GUN CREEK’ — and — WALTER C. KELLY “TUGBOATPRINCESS’
MARS TODAY - SATURDAY
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY 2 BIG FEATURES ROBERT YOUNG in
— and — RICARDO CORTEZ
jmGae OP TNB « MK<n
country competition: M. Bell, A. Bodeau, J. E. Goory, A. P. Knapp, D. R. Long, G. Luther, R. B. Marozick, R. E. Williamson.
Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Sigma Kappa announces the pledging of E. P. Young and J. E, Steckel, both of West Lafayette.
DO YOU DANCE? Why Not Enroll in Our November Classes? BEGINNER’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13, 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
FRATERNITIES LOSING WALL SKINS TO MINNESOTA S. R.^DERBY Representing Vdrsity Sport Shop Sr. Nicholas Hotel
Fora Restful Sleep a Glass of Hot Milk Before Retiring Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
FOR NEW—SMART CABS CaU 2151 Radio-Equipped
Deluxe Cab Co.
Corner Fifth & Ferry
(t
lifnil
mamgVidAy, OetoBfei? SO, 193g
THE PURDTJB EXPONfENT
Team Leaves On Special Train For Pittsburgh Seek Ta Revenge 7 To 0 Defeat By Carnegie Tech
At Homecoming Last Year
Ending a week of light practice with a dummy scrimmage last night, 34 members of the Purdue football team left for Pittsburgh on a special train to seek revenge for last year’s 7 to 0 upset which Carnegie Tech handed the Boilermaker squad. Last night a new combination for the backfield was tried
with Wayne Gift playing left
halfback in Pred Stalcup's plac^. Cecil Isbell at fullback, John Drake at right half, and Cody Isbell at quarterback made up the rest of the backfield. The line is p#actieally intact, the only change behig Spehn for Vergane at right end. Ben Medley is the other choice for left halfback. Because of the lack of adequate reserve strength and the loss of Stalcup and Vergane, Kizer expects to have a hard tussle with the Tartans, who conquered Temple two weeks ago and gave Holy Cross a hard battle last Saturday. The complete squad that left here last night was made up as fellows: Ends: George, Powell, Spehn, Steward; tackles: Fitzgerald, Johnson, Mihal, Schreyer, Wagner, Woltman; guards: Burmeister, Grant, Diehl, Graves, Knorr, Maloney, Mann. Centers: Bell, Humphrey, Petry; quartei’backs: Gift, Cody Isbell, McSheehy; halfbacks; Dean, Medley,
Drake, Purdy, Purvis, Selby, Stalcup; fullbacks; Cecil Isbell, Ippolito,
Juska. )
Phi Belts Capture Greek Golf Finals The Phi Delts defeated the Phi Psi's yesterday afternoon at the Municipal Golf Course to capture the Greek golf championship and boost their number of participation points up five. The Phi Delts won two of their matches and lead in the third when it was abandoned. Dickinson outshot Meisner for both nines in the first match, Anderson finally nosed out Carlson after halving the first nine and winning the second at the eighteenth hole, and, as the first two matches had decided the winner, only the first round of the third match was played. In this first round, however, the Phi Delt’s were ahead, Rhodes having a 36 and Baughman a 38.
LOEB & H E NE COMPANY
LOEB & HENE CO.
2nd Floor Shoe Salon Presenting the new highlights in Formal Footwear $5 to $8.75
Smartness Gains with
... for Vitality shoes hold that line of smartness with the comforting bliss of perfect fit through a long period of satisfying service.
^ Ti" rewN srvL'fis
Sizes 2 to 11 Widths AAAAAtoEEE
Vera
VITALITY sJiaes
Sport Shoes $5.00
Honey Kznished Wheat Bread Made with pure honey Something new At all grocers Baked excluaively by GRAVES QUAUTY BAKERY W« cater to Sororitiea and Fraternitiee
ielder’s.... ....choice ■■By Bob Walpole I n—-■
The backfield again this morning and Number 87 . . . Leland Wayne Gift . . . the Boilermaker small, light, but clever back, who goes under the nickname of “Rock” . . . —fc— We say “back” because Gift is versatile, having been at a quarterback post until this week When he was shifted to left halfback ... the change came almost as a birthday present to him . . . Wayne is now twenty-one years and nine days old .... bom on October 21,1915.... —^fc— President of the Sigma Pi house. Gift is a senior in the Science school majoring in biology ... he looks to the future with an eye for the study of medicine ... he hopes to be able to coach as a means of financing himself through the remainder of his years in school... Wayne is five feet, eight inches tall and weighs little more than 167 pounds ... he has brown eyes, rattier brown sleek hair, and a ruddy complexion .... —^fc— He was bom in Medina, Ohio, moving to Canton at the age of 12 and continuing to live there until his sophomore year at Purdue ... his present home is Akron ... Wayne graduated from Canton McKinley H. S. in 1933 ... he won five letters as an undergraduate, receiving two major letters in football, two in baseball, and one in basketball . . . until last week, he has always been a football quarterback ... as a member of the net team he played guard and on the baseball team he was found at second base . . . —^fc— By playing less than half of his senim: year in high school football, Wayne wasn’t elegifole for AllCounty honors, but he does have the distinction of having made the mythical honors his junior year J.. (at the time “Rock” graduated from high school there were no all-state football selections) ... —^fe— Gift has been a mainstay of the Boilermaker backfield for the past three seasons ... he has won two major football letters, and is well on his way to a third ... his freshman year at Purdue he g;arnered frosh numerals in both football and baseball . . . ——fc— ’Rock” enjoys about every kind of entertainment, especially movies dances and women ... he says that girls are his weakness ... Olivia de HnvRland is* his favorite movie actress, and Frederic March is superb in his estimatioil.. . . —fc— For the past five summers Gift has been a lifeguard at Chippewa, working with CliflP Battles, a former All-American gridder who is now a member of the Boston Redskins ... Wasme says that Battle taught him a lot of football, especially the necessary fundamentals . . . Rock” is an only son, but he has an older sister who is a nurse in Canton, Ohio . . . probably one of the reasons he seeks the medical profession ... Wayne was very de termined when he told us that the Boilermakers were going to whip Carnegie Tech...
The Blue Devils of Duke Uni versity are the South’s choice to play in the Rose Bowl this year.
Protect Your Home -from Tuberculosis BUY CHRISTMAS SEALS
ifT • nn Harriers lo Meet niinois Cross - Countiy Squad To Try For First Win The Gold and Black cross-country team will leave for Urbana this afternoon at 1 o’clock for its fourth meet of the season, which will be run tomoirow morning at 10:30 o’clock with the Illinois harriers. Marked improvement has been shown by several members of the squad in the three previovis meets, and Coach Orval Martin is confident Of victory. Although so far this season the squad has lost its three matches to Butler, Wisconsin, and Indiana, the experience gained by the several new sophomore members of the team has proved so beneficial that, according to indications, the squad should carry off the honors in tomorrow’s contest. Sophomore Bodeau, one of the sophomores on the team, has proved himself the squad’s outstanding runner, and he will give mini trotters something to remember. He has been steadily improving, and in last Saturday’s match covered the course with a time of 16:49. Knapp and Bell also have’shown up well, and will give the Orange and Blue tracksters plenty of competition. The course that will be covered in tomorrow’s run is of standard length, about three and one-half miles. It will be conducted in much the same manner as the matches here at Purdue with the starting and finishing points at the stadium.
‘B’ Team Faces lUinois Subs Chamber Of Commerce Invites High School Students To Game Purdue students will be able to see their first “B” team game tomorrow when the Boilermaker B’s tackle the Illinois reserves at RossAde stadium'ht 2 o’clock. The Purdue eleven will be seeking revenge for a defeat of 12 to 0 at the hands of the mini earlier in the season. The Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce is cooperating with Purdue in staging the game, and it has invited all high school students in the Lafayette trading area to attend as its guests. After the game the high school guests are invited to attend the evening’s Mardi Gms celebration sponsored by the Retail Division of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce. Juniors Defeat Frosh Ip Co-ed Hockey Match' Yesterday in the co-ed hockey matches the juniors defeated the Freshman Orange^ team tdth a score of ^-0. Stiles and Brewer scored far the juniors. Today the Freshman Blue te^m triumphed over the Sophomore Oiv ange team, the final score being 6-0. The scorers on the freshman team were Brattick, J. Cook, B. Cook, Mounce, and Walker,
Masks Costumes Noise Makers Confetti Serpentine for Hallowe'en
The Kleinhans Store No. 109 North 4th St. Lafayette, Indiana
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNBR’S Wed., Nov. 11, 7:30 P. M. Walts and Fax Teat PhoiM 21M ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 13,* 7:30 P. M. Latest Danesa Tuaht AULEN’S nth & Fanqr
Walking Bsute WHl Take Place NovemlMar 5 On November 5 at 4:15 p. m., the All Campus Cross Counttry Walking Race will be held over the two and one-half mile course on Intramural Field. (Sold, silver, and bronze medals wiU be given to the men who place one, two, and three. All who are interested may sign up on the bulletin board in Memorial Gymnasium.
Down in Texas the sport pages give the high school football games more space than they do the colleges.
^ 4
4 4
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 SOFTBALL 444444444
TODAY
17— Theta Chi vs. Loser (Kappa Delta Bho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Official, Blan-
RASe
18— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Winner (Ktq[>pa Delta Rho vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Of-
ficial, Bartling.
44444444#44‘ GOLDABLAOi 44444444444 TODAY pMuetiee at mmOt eni at irtraamtat KeM Lambda Cbf Ah>ha vs. Theta XL OffhHat, A. R. Bredewater. Kappa Sigma vs. Pfrathmi. Ottfekd, GWr. Triangle vs. Delta 'Put Delta. Of^ial, A. Bredewatev. Phi Kappd vs. Phi Kappa PM, OffifadU, Ohmman. Delta Chi vs. Sigma AnOta Mn. (HBeiaL Spencer.
44444444444 ALL CAMPUS TENNIS 44444444444 TODAY, 4 :t5 O'CLOCK Alexander vs. Fneurte or Blesshig. Winter vs. Cooper. Magnnesen vs. Dttvmi. BKtz vs. Zweig. BeD vs. RicharAon. Taylor vs, Windecker. ^ Duhart vs. Bfoses. Delaplane vs. Ftaner. Tababey vs. Demer. Foxworthy vs. RaMi. Waid vs Hirehert. Sophomore tennis matches mnst he played (
44444444444 FRESHMAN TENNIS 4-4-f4vv-'V-#--V4^ TODAY, 4 :15 O'CLOCK HebUer vs. Woodson or £\iente. Cooper vs. Schrader.
et
Have you Med LUOEN LELONG'S CONCENTRATION 44”?
lighter perfume same famous fragrances *2.50 and more • Lucien belong conceived the idea of a lighter concentration perfume—to be need freely on the skin or sprayed —less ezpenidve yet very satisfying! la a large square bottle, verydashingindesign.
DECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
STRAUSS SAYS
STORE OPEN SATURDAY NIGHTS TILL 9
This Is Thi FOQML TRENCH COAT
FOR YOUR LIFE--OUTDOORS. It's mist proof. It's wind proof (up its sleeves are knitt^ wrists to keep the pulses running and to bar
the breezes).
Wool lined for warmth.
A wombat fur collar for more warmth (and a bit of style).
The right tan shade—And now get set for a pleasant shock the price is a mere t|iin—
Sizes 34 to 42.
8.95
L STRAUSS & C0M>AHY
INDiAHAfOKRI'./' |/ , ‘
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 80, 1936
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and rejiaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
)}
For Sale—Roll top office desk $10, 2 adjustable metal desk chairs each $2.50. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Passengers Wanted—For Fordham game. Leave Thursday afternoon. Plymouth Sedan. Call 46091 between 4 and 6 tonight.
Lost—K & E.J 1. 1. duplex slide rule. Name P. F. Peterson engraved on rule. Call W. A. Peterson at 2084. Reward.
NOTICES N. iwticw MMplwl after i p. m.
Piarshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickets must be returned. —RUSSELL,
Senior Debris Pictures ~Group may be selected on following date.: 737S7 • 73856, October 30 Proofs are being shown in Room C where pictures were taken. Office opened between 8 and 5 p. m. —DWIGHT.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1036. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORESON.
W. A. A. Hike—^All girls interested meet at the Women’s Gym Saturday, October 81, at 2 o’clock. —DOBSON.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union October 80, at 7 p. m. All members are expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE.
Rosenthal’s 322 Main Street Topcoats and Ovenoats $16.75 to $35 All Models j RAGLANS POLOS BALMACAANS GUARDS Single Breasted Double Breasted Rosenthal’s 322 Main Street
Indepependent Student—You may sign up for membership in the Purdue Independent Association at the desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. or 4 and 6 p. m. —PARKHURST.
DeMoIay—Second degree practice October 29, at 7 p. m. at Masonic Temple. Hallowe’en party, October 80, at Cary Camp. Make reservations with George Duessler; phone 7260. —GLENN.
Independents Campaign—^All membership books must be turned in before October 30 at 6 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Sknil and Crescent—Meeting in the Mem, orial Union ^uilding at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow. Important. —FENSTERMAKER
N. Y. A.—Checks for period ending October 10 are now available at •4he cashier’s office. University Hall. —HOLLENSBBE,
Lutheran Student’s Club—Skating party October 80. Meet inside the main door of the Memorial Union Building at 7 p. m. —ANDRES.
Union Workers—^My committee please hand in reports to me October 80. —RIETH
Y. W. C. A.—^Meeting of Philosophy and Religion groups dt the Y. W. C. A. office October 30 at 4 p. m. The Rev. Findley will lead the discussion. Please be present. * —COAN.
Purdue Christian Foundation—Christian Endeavor party October 30 at Kemmer’s cottage. Meet in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building at 7:15 and bring IB cents Transportation will be furnished. —BREWER.
W. A. A. Hockey—Game at 4 p. m. October 30. Seniors vs. sophomore Browns. —THOMPSON.
Sophomore Debate Managers—^Meet in' the Union debate office at 4 p. m. October 80, to report procedure. —SPERRY.
Reamer Club—^All pledges please report at the Union desk for caps between 12 and o’clock October 30. —BUXTON.
Wisconsin Prepares For Battle With Chicago Coach Harry Stuhldreher of Wisconsin has stepped up the tempo of practice several notches this week in preparation for the Badger's homecoming battle with Chicago at Madison Saturday. After scouting the Minnesota-Purdue game last Saturday, Coach Stuhldreher is now doubly anxious to make a good showing against Chicago. Speaking about the Purdue game Stuhldreher remarked, “I never saw so many high class football players on any one field at one time as I saw Saturday afternoon.”
Andy Smith’s wonder teams at the University of California won 60 straight games from 1920 to 1925. During these years they held the enemy scoreless in 37 games.
Column For Clubwomen By Caroline Hesler Candied apples and popcorn are popular refreshments for Hallowe’en parties this year.
Michigan State*s traveling football squads are the largest in the country. Thirty-nine players were taken to Pittsburgh for the Carnegie Tech game that State won, 7-0.
In place of the meeting usually held on the first Tuesday of each month, members of the Daughters of the American Revolution will attend central district group luncheon on Thursday, November 5, in the Memorial Union Ballroom. The state officers, Indiana national officers, and members of seventeen chapters from a ninety-mile radius, will be guests.
Carnegie Tech’s recent 7 to 0 triumph over Temple was the first defeat for the Owls under the floodlights. Since 1930 when night games were inaugurated, the Owls, aptly
named, have won twenty-three of their games and tied three.
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Suits Made to Order and All Repairs Over Kienly’s Drug Store Lafayette, Ind.
FRIEDMAN'S FINE FOODS 8th and Main—Lafayette Fraternity and Sorority Business Solicited Phones 3021 and 3022—^We Deliver Open Every Day and Sunday Until 10 at Night
Warm soup for lunch on these cold days certainly tastes good. Celery and olives also help to make the meal more* appetizing.
Prbfessor Frank Hall will lecture on “Recent National Issues” at the monthly meeting of the Tourist Club to (be held Monday, November 2. at 2:30. This meeting, in charge of Mrs. Joseph Beck and Mrs. Ralph Adams, will be held in the old Community House.
Whipped cream put on pumpkin pie in the form of a design is suitable as a refreshment for almost any pre-Thanksgiving festivity. Mrs. C. Brewer will entertain the members of the Monday Club at her home on Monday afternoon, November 2. A program will be presented with Mrs. V. L. Albjerg in charge.
Candle-lit tables give the dining room an air of quiet distinction.
The Penelope Club will meet at the home of Mrs; G. W. Balbach, 427 Wood street, Thursday, November 5, at 2:30 p. m.
Now is the time to be baking that fruit cake for Thanksgiving. Fruit and lots of spices make it even more pleasant to eat along with a big Turkey dinner.
SUEDLJACKETS
$4.48 to $7.48 CAMPUS SUEDE TROUSERS (Moleskin) $3.98 GRAY CORDUROY with Slide Rule Pocket, $2.98 RELIABLE CLOTHING CO. 224 Main Street
'u tiu44tatz ou
liii;
... This is the first cigarette I ever smoked that really satisfies me Not strong, not harsh and it has all the flavor and aroma you could ask for. That settles it. from now on, iTs Chesterfield.
9IW, lioam- it llvm Tobacco €o.