u
Purdue
Volume 4, No. '4^ ^
Exponent
Friday, Juno 2®, 1940
Dairy Scientists Will End Annui^ Meeting Today
Dean A. A. Potter Given Lamme Award Barbecue, Fish Fry Today H«..redB,Sodeiy
At 4, North Of Fieldhouse
Today at 4 p.m. the first University barbecue and fish fry, replacing the picnic of former years, will get under way in the grove of trees north of the Fieldhouse. The dinner, however, consisting of both beef and pork barbecued meat, fish, baked beans, cole slaw, potato chips, cookies, buns, ice cream, and
iced tea, will not be served until 6 p.m. Arrangements for entertainment, . starting at 4, are under the direction of “Chief” Clgjv^ett. All equipment used for “Games on the Green” will be available, and in addition novelty acts and contests with prize awards will add to the
carnival atmosphere.
In Case Of Rain
In the event of rain, the barbecue will be moved indoors and will continue in the Fieldhouse. Food for 600 people is being prepared, with approximately 2/3 of a pound of meat alloted to each person. Sec-
onds will be served.
Tickets are now on sale for 50 cents at the Union West desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s, University Book Store, WRH, Fieldhouse, and -from members of the summer session social committee.
Spectators Welcome
If any tickets remain, they will be placed on sale at the barbecue. At midnight last night, the fires were started in the pits and early this morning the barbecuing was begun. The meat will be cooked slowly throughout the day, and any spectators who wish to watch the process are welcome. Faculty members dressed in white caps and aprons will assist in the carving and serving of food.
Indiana Feeders Meet Here Today Results of current steer feeding tests will be discussed today at, the University where Indiana cattle feeders are to attend an all-day meeting, called by President Paul E. Morton, Lebanon. Principal speaker on the afternoon program will be Prof. A. D. Weber, Manhattan, Kansas, who has had wide experience in cattle feeding. Campu^'visitors will have an opportunity to study seven lots of cattle that have been in the animal husbandry ^department's feeding experiments during the past winter and spring. The Hoosier feeders will be able to compare for themselves, according to Prof. Frank King, head of the University animal husbandry department, the economy of soybean oil meal with cottonseed meal. Also, the rations will afford a comparison of roughages, such as hay alone with a hay and silage combination. In addition, information will be available on the problem of the quantity of soybean oil meal to feed, J.J. Davis Describes Chinch Bug Control According to Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the Entomolomy Department, state-wide surveys are in progress to determine whether overwintering chinch bugs survive in numbers sufficient to warrant measures fop protecting corn from damage. Prof. Davis, who is also state leader in chinch bug control for the Federal Bureau of Emomology and Plant Quarantine, said that results of surveys made in the- spring revealed one-third of the wheat to be infested in dangerous amounts, but that weather conditions since then have largely reduced the numbers nf chinch bugs in many areals.
Summer Chorus To Give Cantata Sunday At 3 PM To Present "Christ in the World" In Fowler Hall Four outstanding vocalists
have been selected as soloists for the cantata, “Christ In The World,” which will be presented as a vesper service of music in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock Sunday afternoon oy the Summer Session Chorus and members of the Music Leadership Training School which has been in session for
the past week.
The genei-al public, as well as the summer session student body, has been invited to attend the program which will be slightly less than one hour in length.
Soloists
The soloists for the Sunday afternoon presentation will include Dorothy Locke, of Elkhart, manager of the Elkhart Conservatory of Music; Ivah Gruver Price, of West Lafayette, and Alberte Schmadel and Mrs. Albert P, Stewart, of Lafayette. In additfon to the soloists, Albert P. Stewart and Joseph M. Ragains, director and assistant director, respectively, of University choral organizations, will join with Mrs. Price and Mrs. Stewart in a quartet that will be used during the
cantata.
The entire presentation will be conducted by Ruth Hill, director of vocal music at the Anderson senior high school, with Joanne Lloyd, of West Lafayette, as organist. Alan H. Monroe . . . professor of speech at the University and president of the National Association of Teachers of Speech, will preside over ^he convention of that organization when it meets in Milwaukee Sunday through Thursday during the 78th annual convention of the National Education Association, professional organization of over 200,000 edu-
cators.
- . . who received the Lamme award for outstanding work in the field of engineering. Herb Duggins Joins Football Coaching, Physical Ed Staffs Herb Duggins, former Boilermaker football star who for the past five years has been varsity end coach at Louisiana Tech, will return to the University next fall as assistant varsity coach in charge of the wingmen, it was announced recently by President E. C. Elliott. In addition to his football duties, Duggins will serve as an instructor in physical education. Played Here ’31-’33 Duggins, formerly of New Albany, was one of the steadiest performers on Purdue’s elevens as an end from 1931 to 1933 and held down a regular wing berth with the Chicago Cardinals’ professional team during the season of 1934. He joined the Louisiana Tech athletic staff in the fall of 1936 where he achieved considerable success in the development of wingmen on the gridiron as well as serving as head basketball and track coach. Replaces Powell The addition to the staff of Duggins, who was one of the Boilermaker mentors prize pupils, wa^ greeted with enthusiasm by Head Coach Mai Elward. Duggins will take over the duties that have been handled for the past two seasons by Don Powell, another former Boilermak- . er star, on a part-time basis while coritinuing his studies. He completes a well - balanced ^taff of assistants, all former Purdue stars, which j includes Mel Taube, Guy Mackey, Dutch Fehring, and Sam Voinoff.
For Promotion Of Engineer Education Dean A. A. Potter of ;the University schools of engineering was highly honored at Berkeley, Cal., last night when he was presented the Lamme Medal which is awarded each year ,at the annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education “to a chosen advancement of the art of technical
training.”
trie and Manufacturing Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., the income of which was used to provide the gold medal each year. “For Leadership” The award was made possible by a bequest left in 1927 by Benjamin jGr. Lamme, for many years chief engineer of the Westinghouse ElecAs Professor Langille presented the medal to Dr. Potter he read the following citation: “For his leadership in the advancement of the profession of engineering; for his devotion to high standards of teaching and his contributions to the development of engineering education; for his understanding of human nature and sympathetic interest in the work of his associates and students; for his sound judgment and skill as an engineer; and for his untiring efforts in developing cooperative relations between engineering colleges and industry.” Born in Europe in 1882, Dr, Potter came to the United States at the age of fifteen. He was graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1903. After two years with the General Electric Company, fie joined the staff of Kansas State College as asssitant professor of mechanical engineer-
ing.
His Record Dean Potter, in addition to his contributions to engineering education at Purdue since 1919 and prior to that at Kansas State College, served the engineering profession as president of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education in 1924-25; President of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, 1932-33; President of the American Engineering Council, 1936-38, and is now chairman of the committee on engineering schools of the Engineers’ Council for Professional Development. This committee is responsible to the engineering profession and the public for the standards in all of the engineering colleges of the country. He has been a recognized leader for many years in the field of engineering education.
EE Test Street Car Placed In Railway Museum
By J. H. Karr The historic interurban test car, for many years an imposing and important item in the laboratories of the School of Electrical Engineering at the University will soon be relgated to the Railway Museum of the University. Removal of tracks and trolley by the local traction company makes it impossible to operate the car, and the installation of a self-contained power unit is not feasible from the standpoint of cost. 35 Years Service The car has been sort of a land mark in the minds of Purdue engineering students and visitors for thirty-five years. ■ Much valuable engineering data have been obtain- , ed from exhaustive, pioneer re-
search on the car, and it has been in continuous use as a part of the laboratory equipment for classes in Electi'ical Engineering since about 1910. The test car, officially designated as the “Louisiana,” was made available by various car and accessory manufacturers and other interested firms for use in making air resistance measurements at the Louisiana Purchase Exposition in St. Louis in 1904. The date of the Exposition marked the close of an important decade in the development of practical electrical applications, particularly in the' fields of lighting and electric traction lines. Test CoBunission It was the desire of those in
charge of the Exposition to use electrical developments as the principal theme of the occasion and for this purpose the Electric Railway Test Commission, with J. G. White as Chairman, was formed. Under the direction of this Commission and with the co-operation of the electric traction industry many tests on different types of traction equipment were made, the results of which were published in 1906 by the McGraw Publishing Company in a volume entitled “Report of the Electric Railway Test Commission.” Housed Here At the close of the St. Louis Exposition, the University agreed to co-operate with the Commission in
Closing Sessions Commemorate Babcock; Borden Award Winners Named At Dinner A program commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the development of the Babcock Test, which marked a milestone of progress in the dairy industry, featured yesterday’s sessions of the thirty-fifth annual meeting of the American Dairy Science Association at the University. Registration reached a record breaking total of close to 700, with dairy scientists from 36 different states, Canada, and Hawaii in attendance. ... — .. 'The commemorative program
honoring Dr. S. A. Babcock, who developed the standard test for determining butterfat content in milk, which has been a boon to producer, consumer, and processor, included addresses by two of the distinguished scientists former students at'the University of Wisconsin, Prerf. E. fer^art, who spoke on “Dr. Babcock, the Scientist,” and Dr. Gustav Bohstedt, who spoke on “Dr.
Babcock, the Man.”
Borden Awards
Taking the spotlight of the entire week, the annual association banquet was held last night, with the announcement of the two Borden Awards offered annually for the outstanding work in production and manufacturing as the features. The awards, highest recognition of outstanding research in dairisr science, were conferred on Dr. C. W. Turner, professor of dairy husbandry at the University of Missouri, and Dr. B. W. Hammer, professor of dairy industry at Iowa
State College.
A gold medal and $1,000 to each of the recipients were presented by W. A. Wentworth of the Borden Company, New York City. The association had nominated Dr. Turner for his studies in milk production, . and Dr. Hammer for his research in the field of dairy manufacturing.
Papers
The major part of the day, yesterday, was given over to the presentation of final papers on latest research and experimental results in the dairy field. The extension section devoted most of its time to a general symposium and panel discussion on methods, while the man-' ufacturing section considered developments in cheese, by-products, bacteriology, and testing. The production men concentrated on nutrition, minerals, and vitamins. The conference opened Tuesday with an address of welcome by President E. C. Elliott, of Purdue, and a response by E. S. Guthrie, of Cornell University, president of tfie association. A discussion of the milk fat globule by Paul F. Sharp, of Cornell, wound up the morning’s general session. Afternoon Program The afternoon was given over to the first of 126 papers on latest experimental and research results which were presented before the manufacturing, production, and extension sections. Tuesday, the 'importance of selective registratipn to the dairy industry was outlined b.y Lynn Copeland, representing the American Jersey Cattle Club, of New York City, in a discussion before a joint session of the production and extension sections. Selective Registration Copeland pointed out that systems of ^ selective registration have been fo^owed for years in Holland, Denmark, and on the Channel Islands, and that iffe recognized that these systems have been important factors in the improvement of dairy cattle in these countries. .He called attention to the fact that no system of selective registration for dairy cattle based on production had ever been adopted until the American Jersey Cattle Club, in June, 1939, established a system of selective registration for Jerseys applicable to males alone which will become effective January 1, 1942. After the date, in order to be eligible for registration, a bull calf must meet certain requii’enn^ts regrarding the production of his immediate ancestry. Increase Blilh Speaking before the same session, J. F. Kendrick, of the Bnreatt of (Continued on page
Advance Coupons
For Streamlined
'Carmen' On Sale
Students May Attend At Reduced Prices
Advance sale of coupons exchangeable for reserved seats for the streamlined version of “Carmen,” an exclusive Thaviu production in English which will be presented in the University Hall of Music on Saturday 1 night, July 13, was launc^d yesterday not only in the l^cal community, but
thrdughout the state.
Coupons exchangeable for reserved seats at the ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium beginning Friday, July 5, have been placed on sale at Decker’s and the Foster Shop in Lafayette and at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Drug Store, and the west desk of the Union Building in West Lafayette.
Mail Orders
Mail orders for tickets are also being accepted by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, in the men’s gymnasium. The sale of tickets over the counter will be launched on Friday morning, July 5, at the same time that the exchange of ad-
vance coupons is started.
Special arrangements .have been completed which will enable summer session students to obtain either general admission or reserved seat tickets at a markedly
reduced rate.
LTpon presentation of registration cards at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building, students will be able to obtain exchange tickets which will be honored for 25 cents when applied on the pmehase of either general admission or reserv-
ed seat tickets.
The exchange of tickets may be made at the main ticket office in the Men’s Gymnasium. The presentation of “Carmen,” will provide the climax of the Indiana State Music Festival which will be held at the University on
the same day.
Winners To Perform Preliminaries in the various divisions will be held in the afternoon, while the winning contestants, who will represent Indiana in the Chicagoland Music Festival, will make special appeax’ances before the audience pi-eceding the start of the Thaviu production.
further tests by housing and caring for the “Louisiana.” Tests in St. Louis had been conducted under the dii-ection of Professor W. E. Goldsborough, then head of the School of Electrical Engineering, with the assistance of < Professors H. T. Plumb and J. W. Esterline of the University Electrical Department at Cornell University. Since 1913 tests and laboratory exercises involving the test car have been under the supervision of D. D. Ewing, Professor of Electrical Engineering and thousands of University students got their firsVtaste of traction operation by handling the test car on the campus and occasionally on electric lines of the
state.PURDUE EXPONEUT
Friday, June 28, 1940
Jimatif Jalk Another Milestone ... in Purdue’s history was the announcement yesterday that ‘Louisiana,” the ancient and much-used interurban test car of the el«itrical engineering laboratory, is to be removed from active service and is to be put out “to pasture” in the railway museum, The car, which has been a landmark for electrical students and campus visitors for thirty-;five years, has been forced out of service by the removal of the trolley by the local traction company. Like so many other landmarks at Purdue, “Louisiana” represents an era of progress and development. In the field of electrical transportation, the car has been used these many years to test new developments and designs in air brake equipment. And now the ancient car which seems to have outlived its time will take its place in the railway museum beside its aged steam cohort, both victims of time, both driven before the inevitable march of progress. Like so many other things around us the big street car is fast becoming outmoded in a society where an automobile is a requisite and speed is essential. The outmoded forms of transIK)rtation soon will go to join the other symbols of the early 1900’s, the little red schoolhouse, the gas lamp, the phonograph, and the old nickelbdeon. Yes, tilne and progress sweep everything before them. Neither man nor his inventions survive these agents of destruction. And just as each generation of men and each new era of progress reaches its climax, a new generation and an even brighter era of progress is bom, each leaving behind merely a milestone.
Dairy Scientists (Continued from page 1) — —t Dairy Industry, U. S. D. A., declared that the objective of the na-tion-wide dairy herd improvement association proved sire program is to improve the inherent producing capacity of the nation’s dairy herds in order that dairymen may produce milk more efficiently and profitably. Paul H. Phillips and Henry A. Lardy, of the University of Wisconsin, reported the results of a series of investigations on the effect of the administration of absorbic acid upon a herd sire. They concluded that ascorbic acid is intimately involved in the production of virile sperm, although the exact nature of its role IS not known. Wednesday Wednesday, latest experimental and research results in the field of dairy production, manufacturing, and extension were presented. The extension section devoted the mam part of the day to a symposium on artificial insemination and a panel discussion of breeding problems, while the manufacturing section concentrated on new studies concerning market milk and butter. Milk secretion, and breeding, disease, and calf feeding were the main topics presented before * the pi eduction men. According to a paper presented before the manufacturing section by S. L. Turkey and P. H. Tracy, of the University of Illinois, one of the most important factors in the production of butter of uniform composition is the type and construction of the churn. Thyroid Injection C. W. Turner, of the Missouri Agricultural Experiment Station, presented the preliminary results of a
LUHA
Pius . . . 2nd Feature
THREE MESQUITEERS — IN — 'Heros of the Saddle'
—SUNDAY - MONDAY— lltlKJCt IKI [ I, A non 11** ' ptiXfh REBECCA
PLUS—First Run Hit. [HRIUSAHQYlllangerfiMM tbe Waves!
A hilarious, new Joan...teamed with Fredric March in the lau.qh-loaded successor to "The Women"! eraihford March Sy$AM AN© GOD With RUTH HUSSEY. john carrou RITA HAYWORTH • NIGEL BRUCE BRUCE CABOT « RHo Quiqley .Rose Hobari
Tiris rishmais IhsitRS
y series of experiments which indicated that the feeding of dessicated thyroid tissue, or the injection of thyroxine, causes a rapid rise in the rate of milk secretion, including the percentage contest of fat and solids-not-fat. It was pointed out that the studies are of great scientific interest as they indicate the role of another hormone in regulating the level of milk secretion of dairy cattle. Methods of controlling the sediment which sometimes appears in the bottom of a bottle of homogenized milk 24 to 48 hours after bottling were described in a paper presented by A. J. Hahn and P. H. Tracy, of the University of Illinois. The use of cellular antigens in the blood of cattle for determining parentage was outlined by L. C. Ferguson and M. R. Irwin, of the University of Wisconsin. In the practical application of the method to “field” cases, they said that a blood sample is required from all of the animals involved, that is, sire, dam, and offspring. Barbecue The scientists took tim^ off between their technical sessions to attend a barbecue luncheon in the livestock judging pavilion at noon. An 800 pound Ayrshire steer, furnished by the National Ayrshire Breeders’ Association, was consumed. Preparation of the meat was under the direct supervision of Prof. Laurence Kunkle, of the Ohio State University animal husbandry department, and Prof. J. T. Frost, of Purdue. Dairy products of all kinds and description were supplied by the Purdue Creamery. The annual meeting closes this morning with a business session that will include the election of officers for the ensuing year, adoption of resolutions, and recommendations.
Get Your Hot Weather Needs at
TODAY-SATURDAY
WASH SLACKS $1.65 up
SPORT SHIRTS $1.00 up
SWIM TRUNKS 1.95 up
UGHT WEIGHT PAJAMAS $1.65 up
ELASTIC GLASS Belts and Suspenders $1.00
WHITE CAPS 25c up
”•’5'^ Colnmn
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now that August weather has all hut arrived, our attention is turned toward the colorful all-star football classic that is sponsored each August by the Chicago Tribune, and this semester Purdue should be as well represented as any other club in the fracas, and on each team. —I-I— The ball game to be played on Soldier’s Field in old Chi, will be between the Green Bay Packers and the mob of grid classes of ’40. Cec Isbell of all-star fame and pro glory is among the pro’s that will entertain that night, and Lou Brock and Frank Bykowski, if not picked to play with the all-stars shall perform with the Green Bay team, because the two are signed members of the Wisconsin professionals, but we’ve a hunch that the two mentioned ’40 Boilermakers will perform with the silver clad all-stars. —I-I— The all-star game has been a boost to Purdue football each year since Noble Kizer, then Purdue’s head coach in ’35, sent the initial band of green-homs against professionalism and saw them emerge from a terrific struggle with the Chicago Bears with a 0-0 tie. _I.I_ Purdue men have always been a fixture on the starting line-ups of all-star teams, and such men as John Drake, Cec Isbell, Prank Loebs, Joe Mihal, and Duane Purvis have more than held Boilermaker football to Chicago fans on silver platters. But of all the Purdue men who have taken part in the all-star game, I personally believe that John Drake was the greatest from a performance stand-point. John played sixty full minutes in the ’37 game which the all-stars won over the Green Bay packers by a 6-3 count. Drake had the assignment of watching the great Hutson of the pass catching Hutson’s. Hutson didn’t catch any due to Drake. And John really hit ’em that night in Chicago.
From our first contribution we derive the thought for the week. According to latest reports, the German High Command has announced the capture of 400 American planes and 2,000 American made motors shipped to France before their debacle. That propoaes an interesting academic question. Does Germany or the United States own the largest airforce? Of American planes. * * <» We don’t blame Henry Ford for not wanting to build planes for the British. From past experience he knows they might not pay for them. Then too the Germans might take them from the British. And he knows damn well they won’t pay. e • * We’ve finally decided how to stop this quibbling over the war problem. Take a vote. Everyone makes a little cross on a sheet of paper after “yes” or “no.” If the answer is “no,” then that settles it. If the answer is “yes,” send those who voted for it first. Blind men and people with broken legs prohibited from voting.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the ppst o ce in Iafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Mardi 8, 18T9, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. Publication Staff Editor-in-Chief B. W. Donahue News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Helple Associate Elditors: W. £. Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J. L. Traugott. Butinen Staff Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Circulation Manager, B. M. BectenW^d. Sportt Staff Editor ....—- J, P. Dolan
Phonea: Editorial 4005; Bminesa SOM; Sperta 2792 Bepresented for national advertlsine by National Advertising Service, Ino., College Fublishers Bepresentatives, 4^0 Madison Ave., Mew York, N. Y.
Of course, after the primary ballot to decide whether to fight or not, we’d have to decide for which side, Germany or the Allies. We could have them both submit bids. The idea of course is to pick a winner.
Cec Isbell played a great ball game in ’38, and as a matter of fact his performance is supposed to have topped any all-star performance either of pro or amateur. Why the Tribune even used Peg Davis, Purdue chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta, to award Cec the all-star award for brilliance last summer at the ’39 contest. I —I-I— Yes sir, Purdue usually does all right in these all-star games both male and female.
5 BIG DAYS STARTING SUNDAY
nisiiiiiom yoMieii^Ei mum mMS'!
MPHSaWKNU-innilFKEWEIISn
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY TONITE - SATURDAY
11:30 p. m.—ALL SEATS 35c
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
SEEBSBfiSBBBBBHIBSfiHBflBHHBHS
—TODAY - SATURDAY— — DOUBLE FEATURE —
For Action! For Thrills! “ For Laughs! MAY ROBSON gannV get YOUR GUN — PLUS — THEY MADE ME A CRIMINAL with JOHN GARFIELD ANN SHERIDAN THE DEAD END KIDS
— SUNDAY — LOUIS - GODOY Fight Pictures
T
SUNDAY and MONDAY
AIR CONDITIONED
IT'S FIRST RUN
A GREAT EMOTIONAL EXPERIENCE
ALLIANCE FILMS CORPOfWION pmMti
p. — . ...f' ' ^ with DOMfftY^BRANWN GEORGE SANDERS MARY MAGUIRE —PLUS—
starring
It
ogsnty - MMt - 4UUUM
MARLENE, DIETRICH JAMES STEWART MISCHA AUER
— TODAY - SATURDAY — jack Randall in "OKLAHOMA TERROR" It's F,irst Run ' —Plus— James Downs; Constance Moore; Edgar Kennedy in "LAUGH IT OFF"* —Also— ^Chapter No. 7 ''Drums of Fu Manchu" / —and— Walt Disney Cartoon ''DOG SHOW"■J-r tr.
I' V
Friday' Idne 28. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Schenck Addresses Farm On The
Bureau Day Conventionisb On National Defense Plan
Baseball Front
By Arch
With the -wDrld political situation as it is, Indiana farmers are going to insist upon the United States having a two-ocean navy and a large standing army to protect the nation against any possible threats, Hassil Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, told a large group of rural persons attending a “Farm Bureau Dasr” program, Tuesday, held in connection with the 12th annual Rural Leadership School at the University.
Distribute Burden To pay for the enlarged national defense program, the Farm Bureau president advocated the plan whereby the burden would be distributed proportionately according to the ability of the individual to pay. “There should be no ‘Soak the Rich’ nor ‘Soak the Poor* taxation programs,” Schenck declared. “Our national debt of $45,000,000,000 is enormous, but with our tremendous wealth as a nation, we should be able to carry this burden along with the national defense program, if everyone does his proportionate share.”
Result Of Disparity The speaker pointed out that the Farm Bureau organization was born as a result of the mal-adjust-ments and disparity of agriculture growing out of the first World War. He warned members of his own organization and farmers in general to be on the alert to protect the “country’s hw^gest industry” against the “changes and mal-adjustments that are sure to follow the present war.”
Three weeks ago Boston led the American League with a percentare of .628, while a .661 only gave the New York Giants a third place spot on the National League ladder. Pitching had continually deserted Cronin in his efforts at making the hittin gpower of the club look like something.
-bbf-
Ever since Taft Wright of the White Sox surrendered the batting lead in the first weeks of the season, there has been at least one member of the Red Sox listed in the Big Six in batting. Lou Finney has consistently led in this department, while Cramer and Williams have enjoyed several days in this select group.
-bbf—
Speaking on “Why the Farm Bureau?” Schenck explained his organization was not one tO'«obtain special privileges for agriculture, but rather arf organization to obtain equality and parity for farmers.
Yet Cleveland and Detroit overtook the Rex Sox, Cleveland with smart fielding by Boudreau and Mack and timely hitting by Trosky and Boudreau along with the pitching of Feller and Milnar; Detroit, mostly with the work of rookie
Zlk me
For a Meal with ATMOSPHERE
Vke Coffee Skop
Just the place for that between class snack
Good food our ^ Specialty!
JhsL ffljUJvdlUL TnmwuctL lAiubtL
The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
JoeMihal
Dr. Knighf Addresses House Mothers Continue School
At this time last year the^men of Yankee Stadium had a 14%game lead on Detroit and Boston, and every other team in the league with the exception of the Red Sox was even afraid to sport as much as a five-run lead on the ever-dan-gerous Bombers. —bbf—
. . . assistant manager of Cary Hall and sports announcer for WB AA this past year will go to radio station WJJD in Chicago July 1 as a sports announcer. In his umlergraduate days Joe playud tackle on the football team and was co-cap-tain in his senior year, graduating in ’39.
Vocational Teachers With Series Of Training Lectures
.pitchers and Corsica and Newhouser.
—bbf-
Now the Yanks are trading places with the St. Louis Browns on the margin separating first and second divisions, and, back home in their eastern circuit again, far from the terrible Indians and Pale Sox, they are hoping to write a few nightmares for some of the other eastern clubs, none of whom have been doing so well, by the way. —bbf—
Usually the managgr of the club leading the league has the right to wear the most worried look in the league, but over in the National circuit, Larry MacPhail, whose Brooklyn Dodgers are 1% games to the hindward of McKechnie’s Reds, is doing the worrying. Chief'worry— Joe Medwick with heap-plenty-money-in-wampum-belt.
-bbf-
Medwick is still on the spot and the fans and other clubs will keep him there until he wins a game or two with his war club. In the midnight rendezvous which Brooklyn held with the Cubs under the lights two days ago. Ducky hit into a double play to the displeasure of the Brooklyn fans and to the delight of the Cubs—^when a ball out of the infield would have provided the winning run.
—bbf—
To top it off, Leo Durocher, Dodger field general, seriously declined to nominate the expected quota of Dodger players for berths on the National League All-Star team, naming only Pitcher Whitlow Wyatt. We think he overlooked Outfielder Fred Walker, but it makes little difference . . . someone’s gotta be modest.
Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, addressed the general session of the Indiana Teachers of Vocational Agriculture here Wednesday. Dr. Knight’s subject was “An Unrecognized Service Of Teacher To Pupil,” and in his speech he emphasized that “It is what the teacher is, over and above what he teaches, that counts.” ' Courses Instruction was pffered to the vocational Agriculture teachers in nine different subjects: livestock judging, insects, grain grading, dairy cattle farming, farm forestry, agricultural conservation, leadership for F. F. A. chapter advisers, use of the Indiana farmer training book, and problems and methods of research in agricultural education. Teachers elected the type of instruction they desired. . “Ten Year Club” Following the group instructions in the nine subjects, the teachers gave tribute to ten year members. A dinner meeting of the “Ten Year Club” was held in the Memorial Union Wednesday evening, and the ten year veterans took part in a special meeting. In addition to continuation of the group instructions, yesterday’s sessions featured addresses on farm real estate prices by Dr. E. L. Butz, and the need of community cooperation by H. D. Newsome. The convention will close today with a business session and an address by Dean H. J. Reed of the school of agriculture.
By Georgia Carroll
Activities of the Housemothers' Training School which began at Purdue University on June 16 are now in full sway with attention centered on a variety of outstanding speakers introduced daily at the lecture sessions. Included on this week's program are Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Wdmen at Purdue, Sarah“G. Blanding, Dean of Women from the University of Kentucky, and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management at Purdue and president of the engineering firm, Gilbreth Incorporated.
Rural Leaders Meet For Twelfth Annual Training School
-bbf—
no peers behind the plate, although Lopez may join the All-Stars. —bbf—
Our nominees: in the outfield. Walker (Brooklyn), Rizzo and Berger (Philadelphia), Craft (Cincinnati), and Nicholson (Chicago). At first base Mize of St. Louis has almost no competitors, with Fletcher of the Pirates for second choice. Gustine of the Pirates and Cuccinello of New York seem most eligible for second base duty. Jurges of the Giants and Mattick of the Cubs should see action at short. Weber of Cincinnati heads all other thirdbasemen, while Chicago’s veteran Hack may get the call eventually. Banning of New York’s Giants has
Cincinnati’s Bucky Walters seems to deserve No. 1 spot on the hurling staff, f 0 1 lo w e d by Wyatt (Brooklyn), Melton (New York), Errickson (Boston), and perhaps Derringer (Cincinnati), Schumacher (New York), or Mooty (Chicago). The nomination of non-veteran players will depend upon two factors : the reaction of the nominating public to Joe Cronin’s expressed determination that all of the players on his team will see action, and the desire of the same public to see promising rookies playing ball alongside some of the veteran stars. That’s it, folks.
Grange Day Program ' Climaxes Convention Addresses by Harry A. Caton of Coshocton, 0. and Dr. E. L. Butz of the University farm management staff comprised the features of “Grange Day” which was held here yesterday in connection with the twelfth annual rural leadership training school. Caton, recent chairman of the Ohio State University Board of Trustees and nationally renowned agricultural leader, urged greater cooperation among agricultural leaders. Dr. Butz delineated future trends in farm real estate values. Attendants of the twenty-sixth annual convention of the Indiana Vocational Agricultural Teachers joined the j-ural leaders for the morning session when Caton and Butz made their addresses. Farm Prices Butz declared that farm real estate prices in Indiana may be expected to rise slowly in the next year or two. He showed that the considerations indicating rising pricpes overbalance the price^depress factors. According to the index of Indiana farm real estate prices, Butz said, the level of March 1, 1940 was the highest since 1930.
The Tops in * Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER
BLUE BLAZER * WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
On Wednesday of this week earlier in the program of the rural leadership school, Butz disclosed the “ten commandments” of sound farm finance in an address on rural credit and finance. Essentially the “ten commandments” advocate consideration of future conditions in order to farm intelligently and “to make each loan stand on its own feet.” Prof. F. T. Flynn of Notre Dame spoke on “The Prevention of Crime.” Luncheon
At the opening session of the training school Dean Stratton welcomed the group, which represented housemothers from fifty-four colleges and universities located in all payts of the country, and outlined the purposes of the month's instructions. Objectives Wednesday afternoon Dean Blanding spoke on “The Objectives of Student Living Groups.” She revived the history of living groups from the middle ages to the present time and described conditions in educational institutions today. For successful leadership in group living. Dean Blanding considers intelligence and a well developed sense of humor as two of the most important qualifications in her list of sixteen personal characteristics necessary for becoming a good housemother. Youngest Dean Accompanying Dean Blanding on her visit here is Miss Jeannette Scudder, Purdue graduate of 1937 and recently appointed Dean of Women at the University of Arkansas. Miss Scudder, who for the past two years has been director of the Women’s Residence Halls at the University of Kentucky, will become the youngest dean of women in the United States when she assumes her duties next fall. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth lectured to the group on “The Techniques of Management” following Dean Blanding’s afternoon address. Other scheduled speakers this week are Miss Ruth Houghton, head of the placement service for women at Purdue, and J. R. Johnson, assistant University purchasing agent. Meal Planning Previous discussions on meal planning and management have been led by Miss Edith Gamble, head of the institution management department here, and Miss Naomi McGuire, supervisor of foods and house maintenance for the Pm-due Women’s Residence Halls. Mrs. Lena McDougle, Kappa Kappa Gamma housemother from Purdue, is in charge of recreation for the one-hundred twenty-five housemothers during the training school. Under her direction various week-end excursion trips are being planned.
The program for “Grange Day” was continued with a luncheon at which Mr. R. G. East, president of the Indiana Farm Chemurgis Council, acted as toastmaster. F. L. McReynolds of the University staff was the principal speaker, and his subject was “Let’s Get Acquainted Better.” Entertainment was furnished by Bonnie Ferguson, whistler from the Antioch Grange in Han-
over, and Keene Irwin, of Corydon, who gave a comic sketch. Speakers during the final section of the “Grange Day” program, the “Grange School,” were H. A. Caton; H. D. Newsom, Columbus; Dr. O. F. Hall, Purdue; and Dolph Davis, Ramsey. The program was closed after a group discussion on “Why Join the Grange?”
Before You Make That Trip Home on the Fourth
Have your car tuned up by Anderson^s expert mechanics* You will be surprised at the improvement in performance*
Peter Anderson Company
6th and Alabama Streete
“After You We Come First^ ' -
' »£^ Av^>r Virtf <J(>-rf \
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, June 28, 1940
Student Hitch - Hikes To New York World's Fair
By Don Terrio (Editor’s Note: Former editorial director of the Exponent, Don Terrio, made the trip to the fair and back between regular session and summer school, and here recounts his experiences.) Immediately after final examinations early this hionth, an industrial company in Pittsburgh was kind enough to pay our expenses for a location employment interview, so we proceeded to wander eastward. Evening in Pittsburgh, and we paid a dollar ostensibly for a boat trip up and down the Ohio. The boat developed boiler trouble, propaganda had it, but the music played, people enjoyed themselves dancing or watching the lights on Point Bridge, and the boat stayed still. The captain’s stooge gave everyone a little ticket for a return engagement. We bartered ours off for two ham sandwiches and a coke. Next morning we hied ourself out on the highway, hung out our thumb, moved our forearm in simple harmonic motion, and moved into Philadelphia that evening. Here we found Bill Feldman, whom some of yob may remember as 1938-’39 Independent editor. Bill is still doing graduate study at the University of Pennsylvania, spends his spare time working on a quite sizeable high potential-gradient elec-tron-stream apparatus with which to smash atoms. We didn’t fully understand Bill’s new pla> thing either, but it looked impressive. We called on Betsy Ross, saw sun spots from Franklin Institute observatory roof, lightly tapped the Liberty Bell, and the Independence Hall felt very grateful that we live in there Unites States. From Philadelphia we took a jaunt over to Atlantic City, where we found a boardwalk, a lot of clams .. . fried, steamed, on the half shell, brothed, chowdered, steamed, baked, take your pick, with a piece of ocean thrown in as an added.attraction. The ocean tasted much the same as the Pacific. But was considerably larger (and cleaner) than the Wabash. We found New York rather a sizable community, where taxicabs_ are as common as sliderules on the Purdue campus. On Manhattan island the east-west street numbering is on the up-and-up, but the northsouth numbers vary from street to street like the answers on a freshman chemistry test. Someone has developed an empirical formula for locating the intersecting street number for a given address on a given street, but this practically requires a sliderule, yellow peril, and a vivid imagina-
tion. Polic^emen and cab drivers are the best bets. Most of the other people are strangers too, from the Bronx or Brooklyn. Along Broadway the footlights had a strong attraction, and we saw the high-spirited comedy “Life With Father” at the Empire and Labor Stage’s new musical “Pins and Needles” at the Windsor. Both shows are well done and entertaining, and would be well worth your tipie should you visit New York City. Jumping on a subway, we rapidly found ourself in Flushing, one of New York’s many boroughs. Here a large white slim and tapering pyramid reared skyward, flanked by a ball, also white and also quite large. We figured this was the World’s Fair we had been hearing rumors about. We found the fair quite moderate (as advertised) in its prices, and a fine place in which to obtain practical information through the various "exhibits as well as to find good entertainment. Engineers will find much of interest in power, communication, chemical, metallurgical, and other exhibits throughout the fair. Ag students will find a model dairy and automatic milking machines, equipped with cows, at the Borden Dairy Building. In the Medical building, however, we realized again that the most complex mechanical machine is childlike in its simplicity when compared with the human body. Co-eds with a mind for beautiful clothes and the latest fashion modes will find much to interest them in the World of Fashion building. And eds with almost any mind at all will find much to interest them in the persons of the attractive young ladies who model these latest creations. If you like the water and aquatic sports, with top-notch fancy and comedy diving, you will find Billy Rose’s much publicized Aquacade one of the finest extra-admission exhibitions at the fair. We expected at any moment to see intramural “Chief” Clevett come dashing out with an armful of water wings to teach Eleanor Holm the finer points of swimming, but he failed to appear. And Eleanor swan anyhow. We liked the General Motors exhibit, in which you are carried around Norman Bell Geddes’ animated three dimensional “Futurama,” a magic flight through time and space into the world of 1960. The trip is made in upholstered double-chairs which travel on a moving platform. Jim Shoemaker, Student Union president 1936-’37,
is one of the research demonstration lecturers in the building. For a grand ice-skating show we recommend “Winter Wonderland.” Here also we heard Un original song titled “Stay On The Right Side Of The Ocean,” with which we agreed perfectly. If you like colorful pageantry with a bit of real American history, try “American Jubilee,” with the world’s largest revolvingf stage. In the French Pavilion we saw a large'bright red Renault roadster, with red leather upholstery and a dashboard which looked like an airplane instrument board. We wondered what would happen if one of these should some day come barreling down State Street and pull up at the Union. Manager Val would probably say “false alarm” and send it back to Hitler, or whoever owns it now. After taking in Radio city, climbing the circular staircase to the top of the Statue of Liberty, riding through Central Park, walking through the incompleted Cathedral of St. John The Divine, largest Gothic cathedral in the world and America’s greatest church edifice, happily picking up $15 on radio’s “Truth And Consequence” question program, and attending to a few other minor details, we jumped aboard a Hoboken ferry at 6 a.m. Sunday, June 16 and hit out for Pittsburgh.
QnihsiQhjuMhsiA
University Presbyterian Church South and Grant Streets 9:15 a.m.—Dr. Graves, of Purdue Mathematics Department, will speak to the college group on “The Christian Community.’?
Central Presbyterian Church 7th and Columbia, Lafayette Dr. W. R. Graham will preach. Special music by choir.
Classified Ads
Service in carpentry, cabinet work, saw filing, TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG and repaired. Phone 65832 and your work will be called for and delivered.
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone, 71644.
(jJaUdm^ maif bsL qooiL sixsJyd&SL—
But your date for that all important date will think yon are much smoother if you take her in a cab.
YELLOW CAB CO. 3071 PHONES 5023
When we arrived back in Lafayette we realized someone had ripped up the street car tradks in our absence. We were sorry, for future Boilermakers will never enjoy the pleasures of a ride in one of Lafay- - ette's former “Doodlebugs,” which always reminded us of bananas. Because they were yellow and usually came in bunches. Pharmaceutical Journal Prints University Papers The June ilSsue of the Scientific Edition of the Journal of the American Pharmaceutical Association contains four papers from the Purdue University School of Pharmacy as follows: “A Study of Athlete’s Foot and Its Control,” by J. B. Vaughan and H. G. DeKay; “A Method for the Determination of Peptic Activity,” by Lee Worrell and C. J. Klemme; “A Study of the Assay of Ginger,” by Robert Tzucker and C. B. Jordan; “A Study of Ephedrine with Silver Preparations” by D. J. McLeod and H. G. DeKay. Of the fourteen scientific papers in this issue, four, or more than twenty-eight per cent, were from the laboratories of the University School of Pharmacy.
Hoosigr Custodians End Annual Two-Day Conference Here An inspection visit of the new West Lafayette high school building, under the direction of Principal William Floyd, Wednesday, brought to a close the conference on school building and ground management at the University which attracted an enrollment of 220 custodians and caretakers for the twoday program. Preceding the inspection tour, Quentin Wert, director of student work and youth personnel of the Indiana NYA, outlined the use of NYA help in custodian duties, while Ammon Swope, associate professor of industrial education at the University, took up the custodian’s part in school building safety. Morning Session During the morning session, methods of controlling termites, bugs, and rodents, were described by Prof. J. J. Davis, of the University, while W. H. Purdy, chief custodian at Wabash high school, outlined procedure in maintaining hardware. To close the morning session, the custodians made a field trip over the University campus as William Graber, landscape gardener, explained the care and maintenance of shrubs and trees.
It doesn’t matter what you need . . . new furniture for your college home or paint to brighten your house •...
SORORITIES and FRATERNITIES
Plan now to repair your home for Sept. Improve Your Rushing By Improving The Looks of Your Home
You can’t do better than Lafayette prices . . . Quick turn over enables the Lafayette merchants to carry complete and modern merchandise. You can always depend upon the Lafayette merchant to give you what you want when you want it.
FOR ECONOMY AND SERVICE PATRONIZE \ YOUR LOCAL MERCHANTS
f X
Downey, '37 Made Basketball Coach At Beech Grove Glynn M. Downey, Purdue basketball and bq.seball star who was awarded the Big Ten medal for combined proficiency in scholarship and athletics upon his graduation in 1937, has accepted the position of basketball coach at Beech Grove, it was announced here today. Downey, ;cvho coached at Attica in 1938 and Greencastle in 1939, had an outstanding record as both a student and competitor during his undergraduate days at Purdue. Six Letters In the field of sport, he won six major letters, three each in basketball and baseball. In basketball, he was a member of two of Ward Lambert’s championship Boilermaker quintets and was co-captain of the 1937 five, while he was an outstanding pitcher on the baseball nine. Downey was as outstanding in the class room as he was on the hardwood and diamond. He was rated as a “Distinguished Student” in the school of physical education, the highest scholastic rating offered at the University, practically every semester. In his four years, he accumulated 13 hours of H, 87 2-3 hours of A, and 39 2-3 hours of B.