( ^ ,V.'^\ •'/f '^l " ‘ ^V ‘ ' ' I ' r, ''’ C 'l ' ' r ' " . 1 1 ' ' '
Summer Session Edition
V' \
Purdue 'Ejcuuneut
Student Newspaper Of Purdue VpiversUy
VOLUME ONE
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, JULY % 1937
NUMBER FIVE
Tonight^s Banquet Ends Institute Speaking
Labor Leaders Defend AFof L, CIO PoUcies
Employee Representatives Speak To 100 Personnel Men At Institute
The National Labor Relations Act will make no basic change in relati6|ns of labor and employers according to representatives of both the American Federation of Labor and the Committee for Industrial Organization who spoke before over 100 personnel managers attending the Industrial Personnel Institute at the University yesterday.
The Union representative, Carl H. Mullen, president of the Indiana State Federation of Labor, and Woodruff Randolph, of Indianapolis, secretary-treasurer of the International Typographical Union, representing the CIO, took part in a significant discussion with the personnel men on the new emphasis upon industrial relations.
Removes Illegal Pressure Discussing the place of organized labor unions under the National Labor Relations Act, Randolph declared that in effect all the act accomplished js to remove “illegal” pressure to prevent organization. “The act assumes that when labor is organized, employers will deal with it collectively,” said Randolph. “Experience so far, however, shows that many employers won’t carry out the assumption, thereby making it necessary to rely on historic methods of economic pressure.”
In speaking of the growth of the CIO, Randolph said, “The A. F. of L., being strongly organized as crafts, and being opposed to organizing millions except in the crafts, was unable to make an impression on big mass production industries. The CIO was formed to. assist International Unions, then members of the A. F. of L., to organize these workers. The A. F. of L., jealous of craft influence in these industries, suspended these unions, compelling them to work without A. F. of L. support.”
Untainted By Communism Randolph emphatically stated that ‘HDIO leaders are seasoned labor union officers,|nntainted by and hostile to communism or any other radical philosophy.”
Mullen, speaking for the A. F. of L., declared that he did not believe that the position of an organized worker is any different under the Act than before. “His position only becomes better,” said Mullen, “when he takes advantage of the legal opportunity that has been given him to organize. The major responsibility of a union is to organize the unorganized and then to represent them in collective bargaining. The act has added no single part of additional responsibility.”
The main question, according to Mullen, is whether the employer intends to accept his responsibilty under the act.
Outlines Trends Trends in industrial relations were outlined by A. p. Gates, director of training’of the Eastman Ko-dak-Co., Rochester, N.. Y., while H. 0. Roberts, personnel director of Servel,. Ind., Evansville, took up channels of employer - employee dealings under the National Labor Relations Act. To wind up the morning session. Dean Dexter Kimball, of Cornell, discussed the history of labor-capital relationships, and emphasized the fact that privileges bring added responsibilities.
Speakers before the noon luncheon were H. H. Peterson, industrial relations manager of Johns-Mans-ville, Waukegan, 111., and K. A. Grubb, of the industrial relations depai'tment of Daniel Starch and staff, Neiy York City.
Robert H. Cowdrill, regional di-
rector of the National Labor Relations Board, Indianapolis, and Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, professor of management at Purdue, were the principal speakers at last night’s session.
lyOOO Participate In First Summer
Session Songfesf
Approximately 1,000 students, faculty members, and community residents attended the'first outdoor sing of the summer at the north end of Ross-Ade Stadium Tuesday night. The Poster Hall colored quartet provided the main part of the evening’s entertainment, and the audience participated in the singing of songs projected on a white screen during the remainder of the program.
An enthusiastic reception was given to Ihe presentation of songs of Stephen Collins Poster by the negro quartet from Ipdianapolis. The negroes gave an encqre at the closp of each group of their songs.
Joins In On Chorus The last schedqled song on the program was “Oh! Susanna,” in which. the Hall quartet sang the verses and the audience joined in on the chorus. The quartet closed the evening’s entertainment 'with the singing of James Whitcomb Riley’s “Little Orphan Anuje.”
The sipg, directed by Albert P. Stewart, was sponsored by the Summer Session committee on convocations, and social and recreational events, of which Prof. O. F. Hall, of the University department of education, is chairman.
Another outdoor sing will be held in the same place on July 29.
Hibner Will Teach
Miss Mary Hibner, who graduated from the school of home economics in June, has accepted a position to teach vocational home economics and physical education in the Pulaski high school beginning September first.
PENALTY DATES
Penalty day begins at 1 p. m. today and continues through tomorrow morning. Tuesday, July 6, is also a penalty date. These days represent the 24 hour per-, iods preceding and following the Independence Day holiday. The regular University regulations will apply. M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
Leaving For Home Today? Remember The Penalty Date^
Do you want to leave the University today for your Fourth of July vacation? Go right ahead; there’s nothing to stop you, unless you can’t afford to pay $6 for cutting your Saturday classes.
There are only two penalty dates this summer. .^.. the 24 hour school periods preceding and following July 6—^an official University holiday. The first penalty period starts at 1 o’clock this afternoon and continues until 12 noon tomorrow. Next Tuesday is the other such date.
The executive memorandum concerning penalty dates reads:
“No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty days. Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the President a certified detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary action.”
And the penalty rule for unexcused absences states:
“Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the 24 hours (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.”
So you can miss one or all of-your classes tomorrow for $6, and then cut them again on Tuesday for another $6.
100 Attend Closing Session Of Rural Music Conference
Over 100 county home economics chorus and church choir leaders from all parts of the state were in attendance yesterday as the Rural Music Conference came to a close at the University. A number of county home demonstration agents were also visitors.
Following a general discussion of problems led by Albert P. Stewart, University music director, the morning was de’vroted to an address on “Psychological Values Of Music” by Prof. 0. C. Trimble, of the University psychology department, and a discussion on “Choral Music” by Donald F. Malin, manager of the educational division of Lyon and Healy, Chicago, 111.
As the closing feature of the conference, Dean R. G. McCutchan, of the DePauv^^niversity school of music, discu^ed “Rural Church Music” before a luncheon meeting at noon.
All-Student Productions Receive
Rollicking Reception From 2^000
By Sue Enders An enthusiastic audience of 2,000 persons braved the cool summer weather ^ast night to witness tlje all-stuilent production of tyro' oneact plays presented in Ross-Ade Stadium last pight.
The casts of the plays were wellbalqnced, pnd cerdital)le performances were turned in by several of the studenj: actors. ]p)specially noteworthy were , the works of Williapa Brotherton, as Heriry, in “Peace Maneuvers,” and of Mary Elizabeth Yeager, as Mis’ Moran, Elizabeth Abel, as Grandma, and Joe Dupree, as Peter, the teacher, in “The Neighbors.^’
Wage Mock Warfare The first play, a melodrama, “Peace Maneuvers,” revolving around mock warfare being waged
between the state militias of New York and Connecticut, was complete with gunshots, soldiers, “crookp pn the lam,” and a beautiful lady.
Between plays, the crowd w»s entertained by the dance routines of Catherine Gordon, and amused by the effprts of the stage hands to change the scenery gracefully under its eyes.
Dr. Huntington Gives Lecture
Last Evening
Because of favorable temperature around all of America’s big business centers. New York, Philadelphia, Chicago, Detroit, and other cities will continue to be the centers of business activity, said Dr. Ellsworth Huntington, Yale University professor of human geography, who spoke before the Purdue Institute of American Policy and T'echnology last night.
These cities will remain as such because of the energized people that inhabit them; they are energized by the favorable temperatures and climatic conditions, stated Dr. Huntington, speaking on “Geographical Environment and Social and Political Problems of the United States.”
Tends To Concentrate Dove-tailing with the other predictions that were mpde by population authorities. Baker and Pitkin, Huntington stated that because of favorable conditions, industry, along with population would tend more and more to be concentrated around the centers of industrial activity.
All of tbp^p pijtjes are Ipcateiil near large bodie? of water which for favorable conditions, along with a plentiful supply of iodine.
Replaces Amelia
Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, professor of journalism and psychology at Columbia University, and a speaker at the Policy and Technology Institute during the past two weeks, will replace Amelia Earhart as the post-banquet speaker tonight. Dr. Pitkin will discuss “What’s Next On The Ground For Lafayette ?”
Pitkin Takes Amelia’s Place
On Program
As a closing feature of the speaking program of the Purdue Institute of American Policy and Technology, Governor M. Clifford Townsend and Dr. Walter B. Pitkin will talk tonight at an informal banquet of the combined institutes now in session at the University. President Edward C. Elliott will preside at the affair.
Dr. Pitkin, speaking on “What’s Next On The Groimd For Lafayette?” will replace as speaker for the evening, Amelia Earhart, who was unable to get back to the United States in time to fill her engagement for tonight’s Institute banquet.
Townsend To Speak Following the banquet, which begins at 6:30, Governor Townsend ■will make a few remarks, and then Dr. Pitkin, now well known to In-
Prpceeds From Kitchen The second play. Zone Game’s “The Neighbors,” dealing with the villager's’ .efforts to help Carrie Elsworthy, proceeded from the headquarters of Mis’ Abel’s kitchen.
The stage sets were designed and built by members of jbhe play production classes under the direction of H- Kenn Carmichael, director of University dramatics.
Pitkin Speaks Mass migratjions in the United States, two of which, the Dust Bowlers to the Northwest, and thp Mormqns recently into Mexico, have been unusually successful, said Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, Columbia University professor and lecturer, who spoke at the Institute yesterday.
AmeKa Postpones Take Off From Lae To Howland Island
Pitkin predicted that the migrations, in the United States, at least if conducted as they were by European countries in post war soldier migrations, would be a distinct failure. Britain, he said, failed when she sent soldiers for rehabilitation to Canada, Australia. Englishmen, he asserted, would also become extinct in South Africa because they can not ad^pt themselves.
LAE, New Guinea, July 1 — Breakdown of a line at the Malabar radio station caused Amelia Earhart to delay her departure from here to Howland Island on her around-the-world flight until Friday. The breakdo-wn made it impossible to obtain time signals to set the chronometer of her plane.
Miss Earhart had intended to hop off early this morning on the 2,500mile flight over the Pacific to Howland Island.
Pitkin also pointed out failures in mass migrations of Japanese into Manchuria in which two billion dollars was lost by the government military cabinet which put it under severe fire, and a suppressed news account of an ignominous venture of Mussolini’s when he sent 300,000 Italians to Libya to extract oil from a desert weed.
Adopt Rural Ideals Profound changes in our economic system, restoration of the family as (Continued on page 4)
Give Immediate Care To Firecracker Burns, Advises Doctor Miller
Any student receiving burns from firecrackers during the Fourth of July celebrations should report to the Stpdent Health Service immediately for treatment or should get'mediqal attention elsewherd', Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the service, stated yesterday.
4ny burn may cau^e tetanus, or lockjaw, pr. Mijiler said? and proper preventive treatnaent shoqld be taken. ']^etanic serum given within the first fey'^ days will make the injured person immune to lockjaw.
Stewart Begins Flying Training At Texas Field R. R, ^te\v%rt, June, 1937^ graduate, has been selected by the United States department of wgr to begin pripiary flying school training at Randolph Field, Texas. Stewart graduated in mechanical engineering and was captain of the University water polo squad last season and a javelin thrower on the track tegm.
Rev, Harms Points
Way To Ministers At Annual School
“The church must^. place its specialized skill in religion at the disposal of all community character building agencies,” said the Rev. John Harms, of Indianapolis, state director of Christian Education for the Disciples of Christ in Indiana, in continuing his series of addresses Wednesday before the ninth annual Rural Leadership School at the University.
“Church leaders must make a distinction between their ecclesiastical or denominational functions and their functions as technicians in religion as it operates in life,” said Rev. 'Harms.
In addition to Rev. Harms’ series of addresses on “Pertinent Points in Character Education,” a course in “Weekly Ministries of the Rural Church” is being presented under the direction of Dr. John B. Walker, of Bloomington.
Tickets for tonight’s Institute banquet mgy be purchased for $1 at the main desk in the Memorial Union Building. Persons planning to attend the banquet are requested to obtain tickets before noon today.
stitute attenders, -will discuss the probable future of the Lafayette area if it were handled as an regional planning unit. The various factors of population, residential, agricultural, and industrial trends which have been presented before the Institute during the past two weeks will be localized and summarized by the Columbia University professor, author and lecturer. 100 Tickets Sold More than 100 tickets for the banquet had been purchased last night. They are stall on sale for $1 at the Union desk and at the Chamber of Commerce office in Lafayette. Classroom work on the Institute course will be taken up next week under the supervision of Prof. F. R. Hall, of the University department of history, government, and economics.
Fowler. Companions will Bicycle Through Europe
Richard K. Fowler, Indianapolis, a junior mechanical engineering student at the University, will sail Tuesday for a bicycle trip through Europe ■with three other students. , Included in the group are Maurice J. Moore, III, a senior at DePauw, John Brown, Indianapolis, who -will remain at Freiburg, Germany, to study next year, and Wolfgang Dieck, of Prague, who was an exchange student at DePauw University last year. They will retam about September 1-
PURUCATION
Exponmits will be published weekly during the reniai|ider of the 1937 Summer Session, on July 8, 15, 22, and 29 and August 5 and 12.
Purdue ln$titute Program
Today 9:00 a. m,—“Is The United States Of America Economically Independent?” Dr, Kimball. “The Necessity Of Budgeting Time And Ih^orgy ” Or. Gilbretti. “Geographical Environment Md Social And Political Prohlowis Of .Brazil,” Dr. Himtington. 2:00 p. m.—Conferences to he arranged. 6:30 p. m.—^Banquet (Informal). Dr. Edward C. Elliott, presiding. Remarks—The Honorary M. Clifford Townsend, Governor of litr - diana. 7:30 p. m.—“What’s Next On Thp ground For Lafayette?” Professor Pitkin. July 3-10 Class work for those who desire to earn credit in the course. Professor Prank R. Hall will be in cha^.
rM
f’'0 A
■
'I
a*
'i<i
':3
. l'mi ‘ i.r
Ulit $ttr)iue exponent
VMMei in lUt
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, untes otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. Main Office—312 North Fifth Street Phone 6037
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the specif rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session. j R. Paul Manion Editor-in-Chief David C. Miller Business Manager
Friday, July 2, 1937
Collegiate
By Orval Lorenz
Dr. J. R. Angell, retiring president of Yale University, has accepted the position as education counselor for the National Broadcasting Company. * * * Dr. A. A. Thomen, lecturer in medicine at New York University, says that baldness is not due to the too frequent wearing of hats, but in most instances is inherited. * ♦ A recent preliminary survey conducted among the editors of twenty five major college publications by Hal Kemp, popular bandmaster, shows that “swing” music is losing its popularity on the college campuses. On the basis of points awarded, slow music took the high honors. Music of moderate tempo was a close second. “Swing” was third, and waltzes rated fourth position. Thirteen editors thought “swing” music was a fad, three of them believing, however, that some of its qualities might remain permanently. Nine expressed the opinion that “swing” was here to stay. * * * Among the standard songs, “Star Dust” rated first with fourteen points, “Night and Day,” second with twelve, “Smoke Gets In Your Eyes.” collected five points. Colleges represented in the survey include Purdue, Harvard, University of the South, Princeton, Missouri, Mills College, Cornell, Northwestern, Michigan, Carnegie Tech, Western Reserve, Illinois, Maryland, Mt. Holyoke, Davidson, Washington & Lee, North Carolina, Kansas, Mississippi State, Wisconsin, Iowa, Washington University, New York University, Wellesley, and Texas. * * * Although he has been blind since boyhood, T. J. Ashford is the successful band director of Haverford College. * * * A butler in the Lambda Chi house at Alabama has named three of his offspring Lambda, Chi and Alpha. ■ii * -f Don Lash, Indiana University’s star distance runner, has accepted a job as “corn borer counter” in the state agricultural department. * * * An English instructor at Northwestern University received this note with a tardy term paper: “Dear Teacher: “If you only knew what this meant to me! When good professors finally die, and should they go to Hades, I think their punishment should be to have to write a monumental paper whenever they have a few hours off from their shoveling.”
University Calendar
Today 8:00 a. m. — Rural Leadership School, faculty lounge. Union, 9:00 a. m,—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza JFowler Hall. Personnel Institute Meeting, faculty lounge, Union. 12:00 m. — Personnel Institute Luncheon, Ballroom, Union. 6:30 p. m. — Institute ^anquet, Ballroom, Union. 7:30 p. m.—Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall, Tomorrow « 8:00 a. m. — Rural Leadership School, faculty Lounge, Union. 9:00 a. m. — Personnel Institute Meeting, faculty lounge. Un-
ion.
12:00 noon — Personnel Institute
T, „ tt • cracking Lee Tracy m “Behind the
They ain’t no B&B this morning, but I suppose you noticed. No one knows any dirt and I know there’s plenty floating around. Peg Dix is swinging around the campus but she sure keeps her actions above board. Mater Gosling Rhyme Diminutive-John Horner Seated himself in a retired place Masticating his Yule tart; He thrust in his short, thick digit. Drew out a drupe of the genus Prunnus, And enunciated, “What a socially agreeable child I am.” —^it ain’t ours. The winnah this week . . . Wayward Saint’s Guardian Angel ... It belongs to lenrek—comps at Union desk. The new contest — Two Mars passes to the person who can give the best dope on: (do only one) (1) Spiking the punch in the Union. (2) Gypping the U out of any thing at all. (3) A night in the Barracks— 202 Andrews Place, Of Coure. Deadline—^Tuesday, 12, midnight, at Exponent box in Union. As a special added attraction for the 4 o’clock get-together in the Union, the Purdue Student Union will give free kisses with each glass of punch .... they really want a crowd .... Mytinger and Hall are the babies. You take your choice .... Limit is ten per. Alice Parlon says that she is going to do a little scabbing on the side. Dear Fielder’s Choice: So you think they raise kite flyers at your home town. But, you don’t know. They don’t grow anyplace like they do in Bottytot county, Virginia. Why one year I flew a flat iron on my mother’s closeline and only got a second prize in the township meet. And you think you can fly a kite. I’ll be glad to meet you in a free for all kite flying contest anytime—if you’ll loan me a kite and some string. P. S. I’m getting tired of you reading my copy before answering my letter. And your aspersions as to my ability don’t go over as well as they might. But I’ll accept your challenge and agree that you would probably have to wait for one hell of a windy day. I’ll meet you any time you say—^I can fly a kite in a vacuum, —B&B.
THE PURDUE gUMMER
Friday, Jlily % 1937
Not to Be Stopped
* t. 11 TT • uee *racy in nenina rne Luncheon, Ballroom, Union. Headlines” at the New Main today.
Everyday London Life Pictured In Woolfs‘The Years^ By Mrs. L. W. Josselyn Brawsina Room Librarian “The Years” by Virginia Woolf begins with a group of characters living in London in the 1880’s, and its closely knit narrative shows them in the environment of everyday life. The story goes on through the years and ends with the present day. Time plays an important role in this novel, whose theme is the passing of the last fifty years. We see the passing of time in the stories of separate individuals and, in the end, the whole pageant of this human history. In “Theatre,” Somerset Maughan is writing of the innermost life of a woman, the beautiful and talented actress, Julia Gosselyn. It is a moving and sardonically brilliant study, bright with wit and an uncanny insight into the heart of a woman, making it a story, not of the stage, but of life itself. “Paradise,” quite different in its setting from the sophistication of the life in the two novels just mentioned, deals with the early colonial life in New England. It is a historical romance of the early days in Massachusetts with all the crudity of the life of that time. In the great houses the family, servants, and friends come and go; feasting and labor go hand in hand; gay costumes and convivial hospitality are a part of the picture. Different from other stories of colonial times, this novel has a new conception of the colonist and a new viewpoint of the colorful life of those times.
EE Pr6fessors Attend Milwaukee Convention The University school of electrical engineering was represented last week at the annual convention of the A.I.E.E. at Milwaukee by Professor and Mrs. C. F. Harding, Professors D. D. Ewing, D. L. Curtner, G. V. Mueller, J. H. Bowman, L. E. Beck, and C. S. Sprague. Dr. Harding, lis vice-president, presided at the evening meeting Tuesday which was addressed by Dean Vannevar Bush of M.I.T. upon the subject “The Engineer and His Relation To Government.” Sprague presented a paper representing his high voltage research entitled, “Sixty Cycle Calibration Of Ungrounded Sphere Gap.” He also discussed two other high voltage papers. Several committee meetings and those of the board of directors were attended by Dr. Harding while Professor Bowman, as counsellor of the Purdue University branch of the A.I.E.E., took part in the branch conferences and was elected chair-
man for next year.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
MRS. ARLINE Gifted Reader and Advisor Advice on All Affairs of Life Special Reading 25c Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
-I4MIIYSUNDAY — MONDAY
TODAY — SATURDAY William Boyd in ‘North of the Rio Grande” —and— Jean Muir in “White Bondage”
ARC TODAY — SATURDAY
Braddock-Louis Official Fight Pictures —plus— John Mack Brown in “Desert Phantom” -r-plus— “Vigilantes Are Coming”
SUNDAY — MONDAY Braddock- Louis Official Figrht Pictures —plus— William Powell Carole Lombard in “My Man Godfrey’
“Henry, help me with Junior—he insists on going down with his ship.”
STARTS SUNDAY First Run Feature Hits
Gene Stratton Porter’s THE HARVESTER with Alice Brady-Russell Hardie Cora Sue Collins —plus— Dangerous Holiday starring Ra Hould Hedda Hopper
4 BIG DAYS Starting SUNDAY MAilS
SMASH SONG "Good Moirnin'" "If I Put My Heart In My Song" "Can't You Hear That Mounlain AAbsic?"
Today and Saturday PAT O’BRIEN in “SLIM”
PATRONIZE PURDUE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Cool for Your Comfort
kAiti
Today — Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
LUMUIk
ALL WEEK
STARTING SUNDAY
Todav James Dunn Akim Tamiroff 2 BIG FEATURES and ® “Venus Makes Trouble” “The Great Gambini”
Bette Davis Humphrey Bogart
MARKE
WOMAN
—PLUS— ’ Thrill packed drama with a radio news-caster!
” Mic
Also
Mickey Mouse'f'%1
Friday, July 2,1^3?
TBM FtlttDm £XFOl<i^
oUb
31 Purdue Lettermen Graduate
Grid Squad Hit Hardest As Nine Varsity Men End Careers
A gr6at group of 31 major letter •winners who have been important cogs in Purdue’s athletic successes of the past three seasons will be among the missing when the Boilermakers launch the 1937-38 competitive year next fall.
Headlining the list of senior losses by the graduation scythe are a quintet of performers who proved their versatility by winning major letter in t^o sports. Included in the two’-sport list are Glen Downey, brilliant back guard who was cocaptain of the basketball quintet during the past season and also one of the steadiest hurlers on the baseball nine; Forrest Burmeister, guard in football and weight man in track; Fred Stalcup, halfback in football and dash man in track; Bob Smith, basketball and golf; and Bob Stewart, javelin thrower and captain of the water polo squad.
Kizer Loses Heavily Coach Noble Ki,zer’s tootball squad suffers the severest losses in both quantity and quality. The grid men who will be conspicuous by their absence next fall, in addition to Burmeister and Stalcup, include George Bell, center and captain; John Drake, fullback; Wayne Gift, quarterback; Lee Graves, guard; Ben Medley and Bob Purdy, halfbacks; and Bill Upton, center.
J
In addition to Downey and Smith, the basketball ranks will be missing the services of Jim Seward, center and co-captain, who playe<i on two titular teams in three years of competition. Co-captain Williamsoh, high jumper, and C. D. Smith, will be the lone major losses from the track squad. ^onr Pitchers Go Baseball losses include Do'wney, co-captain; Oris Martin, Gerald Bartz, and Bob Rosser, pitchers; co-captain Robert Lucas, infielder; and Charles Armon, utility man. The pistol team, undefeated in 14 dual meets, will be minus the services of J. M. Baker and E. J. Baumbach, while F. E. “Frosty” Fields, midwestern collegiate champion, will be seriously missed on the squash racquets team that made a clean sweep of the collegiate tournament.
Captain Paul Vemor, outstandmg free style dash star, heads the |ist of losses in swimming and vmter polo, which also includes R. H. Wallace, R. L. Whitcomb, R. R. Stewart, A. F. Farwell, A. P. Chillis, and E. G. Closson.
R. H. Latter, an outstanding stylist, will be the lone loss from the fencing squad, while E. J. Blank and Capt. Bob Smith will be lost to the golf squad.
BIG LEAGUE RESULTS
National League New York 8, Philadelphia 6. Boston 4, Brooklyn 1. Chicago 6, St. Louis 3. Only games scheduled.
American League New York 12, Philadelphia 7. Chicago 15, Detroit 8. Washington 3, Boston 2. St. Louis at Cleveland—Rain.
FURl^AS ICE CREAM
Hom-Pak Pints 15c—Quarts 25c Flavors Vanilla, Strawberry, Chocolate.
Dad^s Place • • So Haady
4081
will get you the quick and exacting cleaning service that you and your clothes demand.
West Side Cleaners
DIAL 4081 DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
L0EB*S MEN’S DEPARTMtNT
SHIRTS—
in whites, colors and patterns.
Van Heusen $1.95 Essley $1.65-$1.95
TIES-
Washable Ties 25c Beachtone Ties 65c
PAJAMAS—
Cool Pajamas for summer comfort.
$1.95
You will find a full line of men’s accessories in the MEN’S DEPARTMENT
Loeb & Hene Co.
Men’s Department on the First Floor
Sly Ross Campers Bang Summer Sehool Nine^ 9 To 4, After Immense Dinner
By Dick Qbencliaiii “Well, I’ll tell you what really happened,” is how SW Wuletich started to explain off the 9 to 4 beating that the summer school baseball squad took at the hands of Ross Camp last night at the Civil Engineer’s camp.
S^im went on to explain that the game was played immediately after dinner which was immense to say the least—^besides the regular dinner, Sam* had a quart of milk and “big hunk” of watermelon. “And this big guy, Shiff, had a fast ball and after that meal, we couldn’t even see the ball let alone hit it,” Sam continued his narrative.
Jim Zachary justified the trust of the Civil Engineers, who chose him as captain, by taking the hitting honors for the day, hitting two doubles. The other outstanding baseball player was the Ross Camp hurler, Shiff, who provided plenty of trouble for the University hitters and outpitched the Wargo, winning pitcher of the first game of the series last Saturday.
lU Graduates 42 Athletes
Lash, Gunning, Huffman. Hosier Among Graduated Lettermen
Forty-two Indiana University athletes who have won varsity awards during the past three years will be among the missing next fall when athletic competition gets undar way for the new school year, becaus^ of graduation. Topping the list of stars who have ended their competition are a pair of three-sport men, Vernon Huffman and Kenneth Gunning, the cocaptains of the 1936-37 basketball team. Huffman has won seven letters, three each in football and basketball, and one in baseball. Gunning has been awarded six, three in basketball, two in track and one in baseball.
Lash Graduates Don Lash, Indiana’s world dis tance running champion, who has won six letters, in cross country and track, and Willis “Babe” Hosier, cocaptain of the baseball team, who also has won six awards, in baseball and basketball, are among the graduates.
The football team suffers the largest loss, numerically, with 11 letter winners graduating. They are: Capt. Chris Dal Sasso, Huff' man, C. W. Norton, Ted Livingston, Nelson Beasley, Roland Obenchain, Ray Fox, Dick Zoll, Roy Eads, Jack Risher and Donas Dischinger.
Net Team Hard Hit Coach Everett Dean’s basketball team will be the hardest hit, "with four regulars counted among the five graduates on the hardwood combination. They are: Huffman, Gunning, Bob Etnire, Fred Fechtman and Hosier.
In addition to Lash, Coach E. C. Hayes’ track team will lose Co-Capt. Bob Collier, Charles Baldwin, Gun ning, Bernard Gill, Loyal Marker, Jack Neely, and Pete Stein. Five men end their servicp this week on the baseball nine, Hosier and Bob Adler, pitchers; Co-Capt Russ Grieger and Steve Kubic, catchers, and Herb Queisser, in fielder.
In(|iana’s minor sports teams lose the least number of varsity men:
John Tatum, wrestling; Capt. Bob LaPlante, Sam Klezmer, James Coon and Bill Lucas, swimming; Capt. Ed Tieman and Allen Meier, tennis, and Charles Boswell, golf.
Baseball STANDINGS
National League
W.
L.
Pet.
Chicago .
39
24
.618
New York \
. 39
26
.609
St. Louis
35
27
.666
Pittsburgh
35
27
.666
Brooklyn
27
34
.443
Boston
27
36
.429
Cincinnati
24
38
.393
Philadelphia ..
24
39
.381
American League
New York .
40
21
.666
Chicago . -
.. 37
26
.687
Detroit
36
38
.667
Boston
31
26
.646
Cleveland ..
30
29
.508
Washington
28
33
.459
Philadelphia
20
39
.339
St. Louis .
20
39
.339
ielder’s.... ....chcrice
By Don Bailey Two of Hoosierdom’s greatest athletes, Glen Downey, Purdue’s stellar basketball and baseball star, and Don Lash, Indiana’s brilliant distance runner, have undergone appendectomies this week. —^fc— Their host of friends and followers know that the clean lives they have lived will help to bring them out of their present crises with flying colors. —^fc— Despite what Chicago sports writers, commentators, and fans say, the Chicago Cubs will not win the National League if they keep up their present pace. Those who say they will come out on top fail to realize that the Cubs must play 60 per cent of their remaining games against teams from whom they have won only 46 per cent of their victories this season. —^fc— We suggest the following method for determining as accurately as possible the final National League standing: Determine the per cent of the games that each team has won from each other at home and abroad, apply these percentages to the number of games each team plays with each other at home and abroad, then guzzle a Tom Collins, take a couple aspirins, turn off your alarm clock, bow three times to the South at the same repeating as fast as you can “Awaa Tana Siam,” open your eyes, and look:
New York Chicago St. Louis Pittsburgh Brooklyn Philadelphia Boston Cincinnati
W.
L.
Pet.
93
61
.604
90
64
.584
89
65
.577
88
66
.571
73
81
.474
69
85
.448
63
91
.409
61
93
.396
(Note: Te^ms failing to win a game either at home or abroad, but not in both plaftes, had their percentages of victories ai\d defeats figured from "wins at either place. Since Cincinnati has failed to win a game from St. Louis, the Reds were credited with the charitable number of four victories over the
Cards.) —fc—
Local fans will have a grand chance to see a member of the big
STEP OUT of the SOUIRMEI CUSS
These modern garments fit male figure everywhere. No bind, bulk or buttons. No need to yank and squirm for comfort. Masculine support. Conserves energy. Provides protection. Cool for summer.
Famous no-gap Y-Front opening in briefjockey or shorts as shown.
MASCULINIZED UNDERWEAR
Thousands have adopted this as their standard. Get yours today. Price
50c Pe^ Garment
Dewenter’s
416 MAIN ST.
show here next Hinrsdny when Roger Hornsby brings bis St. Louis Browns to town to meet the Lafayette Red Sox of the Indiana-Ohio loop. —^fc— Dear Bold and Black: I hate braggarts. I’ll meet you on the oval Sunday morning before church — but you’re probably a heathen. I’d be glad to loan yOu a kite but I won't loan you any string because you don’t need it. I don’t believe you can fly a kite. You think that all your bragging is going to scare me, but I want to prove what a big bag of wind you really are. P. S. It’s called off if the wind isn’t blowing.
Social Calendar 1937 Summer Session
July 9—9 p.ma.—Mixer, Union Building. 15—7:30 p. m.—Outdoor plays, Ross-Ade Stadium. 23—^9 p. m.—Mixer, Union Building. 29—7:30 p. m.—Outdoor sing, Ross-Ade Stadium. August 6—9 p. m.—Mixer, Union Building. June 24, July 8, July 22, August 5—4-6 p. m.—“Games On The Green,” Lower Stuart Field.
Stem Ru0t Bit* Wheat Two Weeka Early In Indiana
Black stem rust of wheat has appeared in Indiana this year from 10 to 14 days earlier than usual and is causing considerable loss in Indiana wheat. Dr. R. M. Caldwell, head of the botany department in the Agricultural Experiment Station, stated yesterday. Wet weather has caused it to develop rapidly in some fields and in late or moderately late ripening wheat are suffering considerable damage. Most early fields are ripening before much damage is done, and the fields in the state already in the shock generally have not been severely damaged by it, at least in southern Indiana.
“Such widespread and early stem rust in Indiana is very unusual, and so far as we have been able to learn has never been reported on the present scale,” said Dr. Caldwell. “This rust epidemic apparently was carried by -winds from the southern states and did not spread from local barberry bushes which are the usual source of severe stem rust in the state.”
ARB YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
OUR FOOD WILL MAKE A HIT
with you just as it does with everyone else who eats at the students’ favorite restaurant.
WHEELER’S LUNCH
420 MAIN ST.
ALWAYS OPEN
YOUR QUEST WILL END
m the Union Barber Shop if it is quality barber service that you are seeking. The Union's Barbers are experts at their work—they cut your hair as you want it cut, and give you pleasing and satisfying work not only once, but every time you use their services.
Use the comfortable, convenient, wellequipped barber shop in the Union.
UNION BARBER SHOP
in the
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION Corner of Compno—Contor of Aolivtiy
4
milillMiiiHAiliililliMta
s
i Hn
“4, /
Actual Cannon Firing Makes Real Three Year Old Dreams Of ROTC Artillerymen
Ftffluoi^E stjwwisir ^gaeofiiOT
By J. £!. Brock Mwniwiiat Editor, The Exponent Port Knox, Ky.. July 1—Purdue’s artillerymen realized dreams of three years’ standing when they actually fired cannon this morning. They still have something to live for, though, because they didn’t shoot the 76’s, but the 37 mm. submounts.
Anybody who has ever been in the Purdue Armory has seen the 75’s. Those we use are much the same, but they are not the improved type. They have the old, large diameter solid rubber tires and the original axle and brake equipment instead of the new axle mount, small wheels, and dual brakes for fast motorized service that Purdue’s weapons have.
Seem Different The thing about the guns we have here that makes them seem different, however, is the 37’s mounted above the barrels of the 75’s. They are tiny things, about three feet long and capable of being lifted by
The shells that they fire are also tiny things—about six inches long. They don’t weight much; the projectile is approximately one pound and the powder charge and shell case weights practically nothing.
When the boys first started to use them they almost lifted them to the clouds when they picked them up. Although they are tiny, they look heavier than they actually are. AND .... although they are tiny, they can cause a devilovalot of damage. I understand that in actual practice they are a service proj’ectile against such things as machine gun nests. They don’t seem to raise much fuss when they burst out on the range, but then nobody is close enough to be sure. Don’t Touch
They don’t always go off, and we have been warned and' warned again, never to touch the “duds” when we go out on the range to hunt for souveniers. They tell us tales of a hand flying one way, while its too inquisitive former owner was flying in the other direction. The “duds” are pretty little things, about the size of a fiat, but I’m going to deny my aesthetic sense and steer clear of anything that looks like a “dud.”
to a good handful of potential sudden death and to realize that if anything should go wrong it would no longer be “potential.” Then, too, one gets something of the exhilaration that I have always imagined must have belonged to the cannoneer who was able to choose the eye of the man on the brige five miles away .... remember?
Shoot Real Bullets The “problems” are fired much the same way as the practice problems that we shoot on the hills by the stadium at school. Of course, now we are shooting real “bullets” and we ride a real recoil .... our ears are nearly broken by the percussion.
About the percussion .... Last year’s campers told me that the “crack” of the 37 was worse than the “bang” of the 75. I hope so. The 37’s don’t sound nearly so loud as I had anticipated, but they’re pretty bad. I was loading and firing at first, and the noise was stunning. .. . but it didn’t have any bad aftei effects as I had feared.
I tried to look to see the gun actually fire when I first started, but every time I pulled the trigger, I involuntarily closed my eyes. When some one else fired later, I saw the actual explosion. A flash of fire and a blur were all.
See Shells Burst Today jjhe cannoneers were fortunate in being able to see the bursts of the shells out on the range. Ordinarily only the fire directors at the 0. P. (observation post) are able to see the bursts. We could see a tiny puff of smoke out on the hill about a thousand yards away, and then, after a second or so, we would hear the report. Frequently, we would see a tiny smudge of dust, wait a second, and then see a puff of smoke as the faulty fuse finally exploded the shell.
We have a lot more of these 37 shells to bloiy up, and all the cannoneers are hoping that they will have a chance to be up at the O. P. and direct fire before they’re all gone. Anjrway, we’ve still got something to look forward to . . . shoot ing the real things .... the 75’s.
Actually firing the cannon is a real thrill composed of many elements. In the first place, it could not but be thrilling to be so close
Rushton Begins Work
Mary Evelyn Rushton of Plainfield, graduate from Purdue in June, began her work yesterday as home economics teacher in the vocational department at Decker Chapel.
It will pay you to shop at the convenient Purdue 5-10-$1.00 store.
Delicious Candy—Desk Supplies—Stationery PURDUE 5 -10 - $1.00 STORE
Across from the Post Office in the Village
132 Vine Sc. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Your Summer Clothes
deserve the thorough and exacting quality service given by the American Laundry.
10% discount on all laundry brought In and called for at our West Lafayette office. Pick up and delivery service if desired. Call 3085
American Laundry
Dr. Huntiiigtoii Gives Lecture JLast Evening (Continued from page 1)
the economic unit, the decentralization of industry, and the adoption of rural ideals are the requisites for the solutions of some grave population and soil problems that are now facing the nation, said Dr. O. E. Baker, of the United States department of agriculture, population authority, who spoke in the afternoon yesterday.
Three hundred million acres of land in the United States have been eroded and some ten million acres almost beyond cultivation, but 200 million acres are* still capable of being cultivated if cared for in the right way. Baker stated. He urged the teaching of reliability and responsibility to the coming generation.
10 Times As Hard “Teachers with visual education will have to teach ten times harder than they ever have,” said Col. Frederick L. Devereux, industrialist and authority in visual education, who in the morning showed motion pictures suitable for 2nd, 3rd, 4th, and 5th grade learning. He stated that certain suppositions would- have to be taken into account when the film was shown to the pupils, and that it was up to the teacher to teach this preliminary instruction.
Have I enjoyed myself? Have I accomplished anything ? Have I created anything ? Are the Results cumulative? Do I look forward to the future with interest? These were the five questions to be evaluated and answered by anyone concerning this leisure time, says Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Montclair, N. J., a member home economics staff, Purdue, “Technology and Leisure.”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
FRIEND TO FRIEND
You can give your car no better service than the service it will get at “Doc” Andersons.
• Expert workmen.
• Complete stock of parts and accessories.
• Latest in modern equipment.
24 Hour Service.
• Quick, courteous, and reliable work.
Peter
Anderson
Phone 4048
6th & Alabama
Dr. Albj^rg^ Wife Publish Book On
European History
“From Sedan To Stresa" is the title of a neSv history of Europe from''1870, by Dr. Victor L. Albjerg, professor of European history qt t)ie University, and his wife. Dr. Marguerite H. Albjerg, forme^rly of the Purdue staff, which has just been published by D. Van Nostrand Company, New York.
The book is written in a clear, comprehensive style that indicates the authors’ complete familiarity Avith the field covered. The subject matter ranges from the European status of 1870 to a discussion of the problems of contemporary Europe in 1937. Changes in industry, agriculture, man’s way of living, and the advancements in science, philosophy, literature, music, and arts during the last 67 years are also included.
Discuss Spanish Strife Special emphasis is placed upon modern Germany, Russia, and Italy. An entire chapter is allotted to the discussion of and the reasons for the civil strife in Spain today. In the final chapter entitled “Phantom Security” the Albjergs close with these remarks:
“The European countries are again jittery with a war psychosis as they are straining their efforts to avoid a war for which they are feverishly preparing. The post-war period has definitely come to an end. Europe is looking forward rather than backward.”
Two chapters of the book on the Far East and on Africa were contributed by Professor Charles Murphy, of the University (fepartment of history, economics, and government.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST
119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
C. CARTER for Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated
PHONE 2291 SUte & Main W. Lafayette
Looking Backward
July 2, 1936 Over '360 studeilts and faculty members attend the Summer Session picnic at Ross Camp. Refreshments and display of fireworks are featured on the program. July 4, 1936 Independence Day holida;^ Many students, who remained at the University during the Fourth, see Elgan Dowell win the Lafayette SoapBox Derby.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post OflSce Wallace Block 322 )F'erry St.
Roberts Joins Stall 0| Ag Experiment Station Dr. Japies L. Rqbepts joined the botany staff of the Agricultural Experiment Station yesterday. He will assume charge of a new research program on the relation of soil microorganisms to the soil fertility under Indiana conditions.
Dr. Roberts received his B. A. and M. A. degrees from the University of Texas and his doctor’s degree from the University of Wisconsin. He has been engaged in research in soil microbiology at the University of Wisconsin from 1934 to the present. Previously he has worked with the U. S. Department of Agriculture in studies of biological control of cotton root disease in Texas.
cceirt on
# Brilliantly designed to enhance the beauty of your figure, the new Jantzens present perfection in sun and surf fashions. Briefly, artfully cut so that you may enjoy a world of sunshine and unhampered action for swimming and diving. Ybu’ll delight in the subtle way a Jantzen makes you look slimmer .. through the magic of Jantzen-Stitch. Lovely Kava Knit fabrics of luxurious quick-drying wool mold your figure with "girdle-fit.”
DECKER’S
518-520 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6477
lt‘s Yo ur Movel
... We made ours when we wrote this ad to tell you that consistent advertising in the EXPONENT is a cheaper and more logical method of reaching students, faculty, prospective students, alumni, and townspeople.
... Now it’s your turn.- Call 5037 and a representative from our advertising department will be pleased to call on and help you with any advertising.
Clje ^urbue exponent