li
n' i
Co-ED Edition
(irite Purfluc TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVUI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 9, 1937
NUMBER 12S
Booths, Colored Band To Entertain Annual
Penny Carnival Guests
Red hot music by Charles Williams’ colored band will be one of the main attractions at the Penny Carnival tomorrow evening from 7 to 11 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium. Various sororities and co-ed organizations are having booths. Alph^ Chi Omega will open a gambling booth; Alpha Xi Delta has
‘Wanta Buy A
AIEEMenHear Rowland Talk On Porcelain
D. H. Rowland, of the Locke Insulator Corporation, talked on porcelain as an insulating material last night at the regular A.I.E.E. meeting in the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture showed the elfect of various glazes on porcelain, and demonstrated the ability of glazes in compression to withstand mechanical impact as compared to glazes in tension. Rowland illustrated his non-tech-nical talk with charts and some of the tests used on insulators of ceramic materials.
April 9, 1937 SINCE today’s Exponent is being handled entirely by the co-eds, be turned over to a member of the it is only right that this column fair sex. May I introduce Miss Mary Cooley? .... —30— ALTHOUGH blind, Joseph Butler 21-year-old Boston College sophomore, works his way through college and leads his class in grades. Butler, who is preparing for a tetaching and lecturing career, is working for the State Division for the Blind, proof reading new books and magazines that are published in Braille. He prefers to take his exams orally, but in some subjects his teachers dictate questions while he typewrites answers. —30— INGRID Larsen, pretty University of Minnesota co-ed, is disgusted with Minnesota winters, the snow and all, because “I have to wear shoes, and they aren’t at all comfortable.” Ingrid was born in Hawaii where girls and feet roam free. —30— RECENTLY the 19-year-old freshman limped into the health bureau and asked for a doctor. She was sent to bed for three days for treatment on an infected ulcer on her foot, which was a result of her wearing shoe?, the physicians said. —30— A member of the “typical American family” selected by the American magazine in June, 1931, has advanced from ordinary to extraordinary. John H. Brown, of Indianapolis, a student at Indiana University, has been awarded a scholarship to the University of Munich, Germany. The scholarship is one of five given each year by alumni of the national fraternity. Phi Kappa Psi. —30— “STUDENTS are born, not made.” This conclusion is drawn from a recent survey of co-eds, It was found that the better grades are made by those who spend less time studying «ind more time on relaxation than the majority of those with lower grades. The research suggested that most co-eds get eight hours sleep each ni^ght and spend 15 per cent of their time studying. Study time, according to this survey, is almost equal to the time spent by the girls in putting on the make-up and doing the prettying.
planned a
Duck?” booth; darts will be sold by Kappa Alpha Theta; and the members of Kappa Kappa Gamma are putting on a floor show. Chi Omega’s will hold a surrealism exhibit. Purdue Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary, that is sponsoring the carnival, will conduct ten pin bowling and will also sell sweets. Games of kick-it and ping pong will also be sponsored by W. A. A. and P. I. A. will also have a booth. A prize for the booth that shows the most originality will be awarded the organization responsible for it. The judges for the booths are Prof. M. L. Clevett, Dr. Claire E. Healey, and Prof. Laura Partch, A floor show, consisting of tumbling exhibition and tap dancing will be presented. The cover charge will be five cents a person. Each attraction will cost one cent, while ten cents a couple will be charged for
each dance.
Debate Teams
Co To Chicago
Members of the University debate teams will attend the annual spring tournament of the Mid-West Conference Debate Leagues today and tomorrow at the University of Chicago. “The Minimum Wage Proposition” will be the subject for the debates. The members of the teams are: Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew, affirmative; and negative, Wayne Fredericks, Joe Rittenhouse, and Robert Sasser. Professors P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch will accompany the teams to Chicago, and will act as judges for some of the debates.
Director Stewart Announces Musical Programs
In addition to the all-campus concert being held next Wednesday, tentative plans for the campus musical organizations for the remainder of the semester have been announced by Albert P. Stewart, University director of music. The 125 students who compose the Univei’sity Choir will sing for the last religious convocation to be held April 18 and at Baccalaureate on May 2. The Concert Choir is planning two trips to Chicago and one to Milwaukee the last of this month or the first of May.
25 Pharmacists To See Businesses
Twenty-five senior pharmacy students will leave for Indianapolis on Wednesday, April 14, for a two-day inspection trip of professional drug stores, wholesale houses, and labqratories. Dr. H. G. DeKay and Mr. Harry Kendall will accompany the group. While there the University students will be guests of the Eli Lilly Company and will visit the Lilly Biological Laboratories at Greenfield, and the Lilly Pharmaceqtical and Research Laboratories in Indianapolis.
Triangle Pledges Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of W. D. Remmer, Zionsville; F. T. Stamm, Chicago, 111.; J. T. Braithwaite, Shaker Heights, 0.; and M. L. Meier, Fort Wayne.
AHD THIS LITTLE number SELLS „FOR ONUV^350.
lOCo-edsTo Model Spring Fashions At Revue de Chic
Ten co-eds will model spring fashions against a background of soft music at the Revue de Chic tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom.
One of the most interesting of the dresses to be shown will be the black chiffon dinner dress with a large white daisy at the shoulder and rows of pleats in front and back, worn by Ruth Ezra. This is the dress, designed by Miss Ezra, which was selected as the winner in the “Design for Living” contest sponsored by the Mademoiselle mag-
Chinese Red Formal Another striking costume to be modeled is a Chinese red lace formal which Betty Renn will wear. Of the street length dresses. Fern Botts Davis will wear the most unusual in color combinations, a red and green afternoon print. , An old-fashioned formal, blue with white dots reminding one of simple percale, will be featured by Judith Jones. Virginia Richards will appear in a long dress of black marquisette embroidered with green and purple, topped with a long cape of bright green bengaline. Singing Guitars Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois band featuring singing guitars will furnish music for the dance which lasts from 9 to 12. Corsages, supplied by the Union committee in charge, will be placed at the tables immediately before the dance begins. Unusual three dimensional decorations will attract the attention of the dancers at this Student Union sponsored affair, the popularity of which was proved when the limited supply of tickets were sold in record time.
Acacia Pledges
Acacia fraternity announces the pledging of G. S. Pease, Gasport, N. Y.; and H. D. McCleery, Butler.
Kappa Sigs Pledge
Kappa Sigma announces the pledging of Conrad Baldwin of Peru.
Gold Peppers To Initiate 20
Active members of Gold Peppers will be entertained by the pledges at breakfast Sunday at 9 a. m. in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. Following the breakfast, initiation services for the 20 pledges will be held. A stunt will be performed and songs sung by pledges for the entertainment of the actives. At this time the actives will be presented with Gold Pepper paddles.
Fashion Magazine Sponsors Contest In Photography
For the month of April, the fashion magazine. Mademoiselle, is offering three scholarships in photography schools, and a special merit prize of $2p to collegeiate photographers for the best informal snap-shots of any subject—campus, friends, or of campus activities. This candid camera contest is being sponsored instead of the regular Mademoiselle fashion contest. This offers an opportunity for the co-ed members of the Camera Club to win a scholarship. Contestants may enter as many pictures as they wish, but all entries must be postmarked on or before midnight, May 3.
Wabash Recedes
After reaching a crest of 16.9 feet, the Wabash river, swelled by spring rains, is receding slowly. Yesterday morning the river was down to 16.3 feet. No more heavy rains are expected soon in this locality to cause the river to rise again, according to T. H. Hill, University weather record-
Horn Improves
Robei’t M. Horn, instructor in the English and speech department, underwent an emergency appendectomy Wednesday night at the Home Hospital. His condition is reported satisfactory.
Blase Horses Thrill Co-eds; Single Mishap Mars Lesson
By Dorothea Justin
Horses, horses, crazy over horses! Riding is the latest enthusiasm of the PEW and co-eds. Seven horses standing in the parking lot back of the Women’s Gym were chief attention holders yesterday afternoon at 2 and 3 o’clock. Girls dressed in jodhpurs, boots, and jackets waited eagerly to be assigned horses, and tp mount under the supervision of Miss Helep Hazelton, with assistance from “Riding Master” William Schultze. Schultze, of the West Lafayette Riding Academy, brought horses from the academy to be used in the new classes. First Ride? “Have you ever ridden before? Tell the tyntb, please!” the dark, slight director impoi'tuned each giyl before assigning her a horse.
One girl toppled off her mount in the 2 o’clock class, so cautious Bill Schulz was being even more careful.
“Are the girls required to wear jodhpurs or pants?” was the query from the sidelines. “Trousers,” replied Miss Hazelton. After the girls had got astride the animals, with prayers, obvious misgivings, and excitement, the group headed for the ROTC drill field. Miss Hazelton followed on foot.
Dinah, Torchy, Lad, Silver Dollar, and the other horses walked down the macadam campus road, indifferent to their audience, but apparently determined to be genfJe with the thrilled novices on their backs.
Coronation Of Queen
To Climax Old English Festival Day Pageant
Aline Marshall, senior science student and member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, will be crowned queen of Festival Day, May 8, as a part of the Mother’s Day celebration. A student-faculty committee selected the queen and her eight attendants who are Ruth Copeland, Irene Feldt, Ruth Grimm, Dorothy Kuehn,
Hope
Reisner, Sara Schaaf,
Jeanette Scudder, and Cary Vaughan. Selection was made on the basis of charm, grace, appearance, and participation
in campus activities.
The pageant, written by Mary Tangerman who is chairman of the W. S. G. A. Festival Day committee, is an authentic revival of May Day celebrations of the sixteenth cen-
tury in England. Surprise For All
In keeping with an old English custom everyone on the campus will receive a surprise token on Festival
Day.
Mixed choruses, co-ed choruses, and men’s choruses will step merrily in the folk dances which form an important part of the pageant. The choruses have been selected from groups who tried out before spring recess. Floy Crepps, Jean Small, and Helen Ellis, of the women’s physical education department, are directing the dances. Part of the colorful Elizabethan costumes are being made here under the direction of Miss Marian Willoughby assisted by Martha Ann Avery and. Georgianna Huber. The faculty-student committee which selected the queen and her attendants was composed of Margaret Richey, chairman; Prof. Muriel G. McFarland, Prof. Elizabeth Mitchell, Prof. C. B. Mmphy, Mary Tangerman, Hugh Forster, and Hugh Morris.
Thetas In Charge Of Sunday Stunt
Kappa Alpha Theta will give the Sunday evening program April 11 at 5:30 in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building. The stunt will consist of a style show to take place in the “Theta Nifty Shoppe.” The following girls will model: Winifred Gregory, Louise Hanley, Virginia Hulse, Mary Alice Masters, and Marjorie Poor. The shoppe will be under the management of Jeanne Beemer, Betty Barnett, Janet Decker, and Mary Ellen Foresman.
WBAA Obtains
Permission For
Special Programs
Permission of the Federal Communications Commission has been obtained for WBAA to make a number of special broadcasts on April 17 and during Gala Week, April 30 to May 2. On Saturday, April 17, the District Band Contest will be b'roadcast from Jefferson High School from 10 to 12 a. m. and from 1-p. m, to the end of the contest. Many of the most important programs of Gala Week will be broadcast over WBAA. The station will be on the air from 10 a. m. to 6:30 p. m., Saturday, May 1. The programs will include the Pmrdue-Indi-ana baseball games in the morning and afternoon, the laying of the cornerstone of the Field House, and the President’s Banquet. The program planned for May 1 will mark the longest time the station has been on the air for one period.
Council Elects
Music Concert Will Be Given Wednesday
For the first time in the history of the University, all the University musical organizations will give a campus concert next Wednesday at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Featured in the concert will be the Men and Girls’ Glee Clubs, the Concert and University Choirs, the University Orchestra, Morey J. Doyle, pianist, and Eva Robertson, violinist. The entire musical is under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, University music director. The choirs have been widely acclaimed by all who have heard them. James M. Gillis, editof of the Catholic World, who led a convocation last fall, said, “I have never heard another choral organization that equalled yovu’s in technique or in the powers of interpreting great music.” The evening’s varied entertainment will include such popular numbers as “May I Have The Next Romance With You?” “I Love You Truly,” by Carrie Jacobs-Bond, and “Italian Street Song,” by Victor Herbert. As a finale, the entire group of 200 voices wil sing in unison. Admission to this entertain-
ment will bei 35 cents.
Board Installs New WSCA Officers
New officers of W. S. G. A. were insttlled by the executive board of the organization at a regular meeting held in the office Wednesday evening at 7:15. Officers for the year 1937-38 are: president, Betty Ann Stewart; vice-president, Dorothy Martenet; secretary, Mary Cooley; treasurer, Mary Townsend; sophomore representative, Treva Berry. Announcement of Prom hours and regulations was made by Ruth Copeland, outgoing president. All women students must be in their place of residence by 5 a. m., one hour after the orchestra stops playing. If a chaperoned breakfast is being held at the residence, men escorts may stay until one hour later, 6 a. m. Regulations for girls desiring to leave town any time during the week-end of Prom will be the same as last year, namely, that a written permit from the girl’s parents must be submitted .to Dean Stratton by Wednesday, April 14.
At the W. A. A. council meeting last night the following committee chairmen were elected: Margaret Jones, social chairman; Janette Morris and Virginia Beck, pnblieity coLchairmen; Panline Bwiek, callin chairman; Virginia Blank, head of shuffleboard.
Newmans Dance Tomorrow Night
Tickets for the annual Newman Club spring d^ce, which will take place tomorrow night from 9 till 12 o’clock in Allen’s ballroom, may be obtained from Newman Club members, at Kienly’s drug store, or at the door. The price is one dollar. Bud Bryant and his orchestra
will play for the affair.
Fair And Cool
1^ 1>p«py ‘Eke WecklMe llMwi
Tillie, my favorite among all the nice mice on the women’s staff said, “It won’t be toe ceed-4>ut clear for the dears. TiUie ar^ her mates made it awfeily hot clewn at the last night, hut at least th^ the cats away."
a#?
1” i- “ *T' ■f %|/
i:
if. I.-
r., ■
b''’ I# 1%
P&geTwo
THE PUEDUE EXPONENT
Fridity, April 9» Ijg?
$ur&ue exponent
Fonndei In 1883
MEMBER
gtogociated goHgfliate ^roass
-5 1934 mttSOM
1935 eMSCOHSW
nbprkbrnted ron nationau advkrtibino mt National Advertising Service, Inc CoUet* Pmbliskers Kepresemtathf 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO - BOSTON - SAN FRANCISCO L^S ANOELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by mo“er^r: delivered by carrier. $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy. 2 cents.
iSusiness Phone S038
OFFICE—312 North‘Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOR HELEN L. CREECH ASSOCIATE EDITORS Jeanne R. Janousek, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth C. Pyke EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Eleanor Benton, Mary Cooley, Jane Hall, Dorothea Justin, Marian Kidd, Beth McCool, Sally McKee, Nota Misner
Issue Editor—Doris Ellen McCartney
This—The Co-ed Edition Today, as in past years, the co-ed staif has been entrusted with the publication of an issue of the Exponent. Although the custom was abolished for several years we shall try to further the establishment of a tradition on the paper and hope that our eiforts will be sufficiently satisfactory to warrant next year’s co-ed staff having the same opportunity. We wish to say here that, while the co-ed staff has control of affairs for the day, the eds have offered their assistance to prevent any dire catastrophies, and we extend to them our appreciation.
Break Dances There has been an undercurrent of comment about break dances for at least three years on this campus. The men, as a rule, think that they would be a good thing, but they are rather leary about the attitude of the women. As a matter of fact, the co-eds would just as soon have break dances once in a while as would the eds. There are two sides to the question to be considered. Some persons always carry a thing too far and probably would want every dance to be a break dance. Then there are those who absolutely think that such dances are out of question altogether. We might strike a happy medium, however. Our friends from southern states tell us that these dances^are much more fun than the ordinary mixer. They say that one really gets to know many more people, and if, by chance, heTs with a dancer who is not the best he still has an opportunity to enjoy his evening. As it is now, dance programs are just something for a scrap book to show the folks back home how popular one is, although some of the programs may have been borrowed from one’s roommate. A break dance does not necessarily mean that a fellow would never be able to dance with the girl he brought. Men are allowed to break in on only the dances indicated as break dances. There are the disadvantages of too large a stag line, having to dance with poor dancers not of one’s own choosing, etc., but there are just as many advantages. Break dances could be given a try, and then one could better tell whether they can be adapted to our campus.—J. R. J. Home Management House If marriage is a career for girls, as many people claim, why is there so much objection to the required home management course in the home economics school? As part of this course, co-eds live for several weeks in a special house under faculty direction. Verbal opponents have few grounds on which to fight; all the co-eds do is to pre-suppose the new experience to be unpleasant. . Girls have everything to gain and nothing to lose in taking the course. For some reason Mr. John Public expects home economics graduates to know everything about food, diet, clothing, table manners, and above all housekeeping. Just because girls have married without knowledge of home management in previous years is no reason why co-eds should object to exposing themselves to a little practical work. New equipment is continually being concocted to make housekeeping easier. In the house, which is under faculty su pervision, girls become familiar with some of the most efficient equipment. With this background a wife is fitted to choose the best equipment for her home. Many opponents of this home management course are found among the students in the clothing and textiles school. They are the girls who need this training the most for textiles stu dents have worked the least with food and equipment of any of the co^eds in the home economics school. Then why does this objection to the requirement of a home management course for home economic graduates continue? All because the opposers can not foresee what good a little extra work at present may do for them in the future.—E. C. P.
From The Ashes Of 'May Day' Arrangements are well started for an entirely new plan for the traditional celebration on the week-end of Mother’s Day, this year known as Festival Day. Rather than the pageants used in former years which had no particular significance nor relationship to the May Queen’s Court, the plan this year is to stage a typical English May Day. Feeling that the old English celebration carried down from Roman times would be in keeping with the spirit of the day and campus customs, the committee has worked out a pageant that will follow closely the English tradition. Dances typical of the people and of the period will be used, and all members of the cast will wear authentic costumes. Elaborate plans are being carried out. It would seem to us, the casual observer, that closer faculty supervision, the addition of musica,! talent, supplied by the Concert Choir, the simplicity of the idea, and the general care taken in the proceedmgs will produce a Festival Day that will surpass the somewhat confused May Day programs the campus has recently witnessed.
When last seen Pi Phi EVE RUTH was without that sparkler that Beta KIRKPATRICK donated to the cause of love . . . she says they get in each other’s hair . “FLASH” WULETICH from the D. U. domicile answers to ‘WOO-WOO TICHEY’ when BLANCHE “Sweet Shoppe Majjor” KERNEL calls . . . TOAST: Here’s to the land we love and vice-versa. For the enlightenment of all those curious souls who are wondering who CHAIRMAN GRAHAM will drag to PROM, the gal is Chi O GEORGIANNA BAKER .. . “Chiseler” OHAVER hasn’t divulged the info because TOMMY says he’ll not pass out a pass if he does ... it seems that JACK forgot to get his ducat hnd has an out-of-town date. For years the two sexes have been racing for supremacy, but now they have settled down to neck and neck . . . SPEAKING OF PROM ... rumor has it that DON BESTOR played for the C. C. C. boys at Brownstown Indiana, lately ... it seems to us that at least a $3 refund is in order. THE FISH BOWL KING-FISH—Since BAILEY is not dating, the Sigma Nu Fish prize goes to BOB WILLIAMSON . . . BROTHER WHALE—Phi Delt
Do You Like Tasty Food? * —— Then You Will Enjoy This BuHer
SUNSHINE FARMS
Phone 5015
\
Spring Formals in Pastel Shades in Lace— Net— Mouseline De Sole $4.95 $7.95 $9.95
QUALITY SHOP
315 Columbia St.
BEN OLSEN . . . “his” gal friend receives letters regularly frond Annapolis and Louisville ... BROTHER SWORDFISH—Most eligible bachelor, HODGDON . . . he aspires to “Campus Beauty” PORESMAN tQ the extent of giving her his Gimlet hat. . . BROTHER HERRING —“Rip” MANION ... he helped the co-eds put out their five-star final last night .... MARGE BLALOCK and “Middleaisler” McEACHRON stole a march on us and went and done it . the hitching took place in March “Aunt Liz” ' MITCHELL—Now there’s nothing in the world too difficult to overcome. Physics Student—Have you ever tried squeezing shaving cream back into the tube ? ? ? BIGGER AND BETTER DOIT .. BIGGER AND BETTER MARS PASSES...
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Florence Gerald as Ada Lester in “Tobacco Road.” Why ^Tobacco Road?^ Author 1 Explains What is a “Tobacco Road” ? Ever since the announcement was made thet Jack Kirkland’s historymaking drama of the poor whites of the south would come to the Mars theatre for two performances, matinee and evening, tomorrow, with Taylor Holmes as the s,tiar, boxoffice attaches have been asked many times if the title of the play had any significance. As a matter of fact there is a real reason for the title “Tobacco Road”. Erskine Caldwell, who wrote the original novel on which the play is based, explains that in the early
Family
TODAY—SATURDAY
Double Feature
Johnny Mack Brown in “Lawless Land” —and— Jean Muir Warren Hull in ‘Her Husband’s Secretary”
LAST TIMES TODAY
EVERYTHING YOU WAN! IN ENTERTAINMENT
Reckless modem . romance ;. . . Exciting new star . . . Sensational Enalisb Derby thrills . . . and. all in the most beautiful and life-like COLOR you’ve evw seen.
AH NAB E Li A iRemember her name ...Yooll never forget her lovely face ft HENRY’S^NDA LESLIE BANKS “ft //R. ' ^
o€tti£ IN NATORAL TECHNICOLOR
91937 by United Feature Syndicate, fnc.
“—^And now let me show you how the little magic carpet sweeper works.”
days of the great plantations in Georgia, barrels and hogsheads tightly packed with tobacco leaves were rolled over ridges down to the Savannah River for shipment. The rough roadway thus made was called a tobacco road and, in time, with usage became a , permanent highway. Synopsis In the play the setting shows the farm of Jeeter Lester, the middleaged tenant, facing on one of these tdbacco roads. Over this highway come Sister Bessie, the middle-aged evangelist, who promises the 16year old Dude a new automobile “with a horn on it” if he will marry her; Lov Bensey, the coal chute worker, with a sack of turnips the 12 year old child wife, fleeing which Jeeter promptly steals; Pearl, from her husband’s home; and, finally, Captain Tim, the landow’ner’s son, to tell the Lesters they must
ARC TODAY—SATDBDAY Tom Tyler
“Roamin’ Wild” —and— Gene Raymond and - Ann Sothern in ‘Smartest Girl in Town’ —Also— Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
A Poromovnl Piclur* with Gdil Potrick • Ricardo Cortei Akim Tamiroff • June Martel Tom Brown*«e.p. scHuunc Pra<i«di«i —i
e^RVTHWGHEWAHWO lUST W WISHIHGl fHE mnn uimi COULD WORK miRRiiei
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT!
leave the farmland they love so dearly. The company arrives tomorrow morning and a special baggage car is required to transport the scenery.
FAMOUS STAGE PLAY Not a Picture Matinee and Night SAT., APRIL 10 The Noted American Star Taylor Holmes !■ The Nation’s Epic of the Stage 4 Years on Broadway ^TOBACCO ROAD' SEATS NOWI Matinee 65c, 83c, $1.10, $1.65 Evening. 83c, $1.10, $1.65, $2.20 Tax Included PHONE 7903 For Reservations Box Office Open Daily Prom 11:30 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
ruFi FRIDAY—SATURDAY
First Lafayette Showing
with CONSTANCE WORTH VINTON HAWORTH LESLIE FENTON GORDON JONES FAe gripping •tory of a girl who matehod wit* with the Shanghai dia» mpna glers / Directed huEdloard Kllfu, Pro- • ^eed bu Cliff Reid, PLUS SECOND FEATURE
JAMK MELTON ♦PATRICIA ELLIS*HUGH HERBERT ZASH PITTS •ALLEN JENKINS* NAT PENOIETON^ —Also*™* March of TimePI
TBB PUBDIIE EiXPONEiKT
Track Outlook
Promisirig For
This Season
By B. Witwer Prospects for this year’s outdoor track combine look bright, and promising at this stage of the game with nearly a week of practice on the records. The outlook is so promising that coach “Orv" Martin said that he thought this present squad would be the best that has graced the Boilermaker cinders for two or three years. In addition to those men who went through the indoor season and are already in ^ the pink of^ condition, about an even dozen more aspirants have turned out to try for varsity laurels. Promising Sophs Martin looks to the sophomores on the team to put up a good showing and support the veterans of proven ability in a |iard to beat fashion. He says that although there probably won’t be a deluge of Big Ten champions on the squad, the general all around ability is above the average and should show up as a contributor to victories during the season. There is still room for more on
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 —8050
PRACTICE BASEBALL
TODAY Diamond 1— Phi Pi Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 2— ^Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 3— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kapph , , ■, Phk. 4— Tan Kappa Epsilon vs. Alplia Tau Omega. 6—Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma, 6— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 7— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi 8— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa. 9— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
the team and Martin indicated that there were openings in everything. As the indoor season didn’t have many field events, those men who can throw the discuss, javelin, and can pole vault or broad jump should make their appearance at the stadium as soon as possible and show their wares. Fifty Frosh Although there are some proven trackmen on the freshman teapi with high school experience, it is still an unknown quantity. At the present time there are about 50 out for practice, and more are expected when spring football is over and the weather turns warmer.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
If you love g ardenias { and who doesnt? } you’ll cidore LUCIEN LELONG'S
A Tare fragrance — a compelling fra-grance-true to the flower in its scent and in its romantic overtones—■ Lucien Lelong's "Gardenia" will give You a new idea of what a true gardenia perfume can really be. You should come in to meet it... soon. $2.75, $5.50« and more.
DECKER’S
»> T^he Fashion’s
EVENING STORT
MAKES FASHION ITS HEROINE AND ROMANCE
ITS THEME
FROCKS
that are 1937 New . . . but the full skirts hark back to the romantic 60’s.
•16’“
Othera $14.95 to $19.75
Delicately thin, niaterials, miles of lace, devastating and revealing streamlines, captivating bolero jackets, and frijly and fanciful touches have taken Purdue cb-eds by. storm.
T 01 id 0 ir $ , ♦ • ♦ • ....choice ■»By Boh tTalpOle
(Editor’s Note: BUI Fifield, associate sports editor of the co-ed staff, is guest conductor of this, column today).
OridtrDh Clinic
Cold weather put a damper on the varsity and intramural sports yesterday ... . while dodging baseballs, footballs, and track shoes, in gathering news/ for this column, we noticed that only half of the baseball games scheduled for the intramural field were being played . . . quite a few of the track meii found the wind sweeifing through the stadium too cold . . . we hope the weather^ man has two sunny days for the football clinic today and tomorrow. —^fc— In the round robin series being played on Stewart Field the Purdue or Black team is leading Northwestern (Green), 26-6, at the end of the third quarter . . . Coaches Burmeister and Gift, of Purdue, may be responsible for this or they may not be . . . perhaps we will know 10 years from now when one or the other’s team wins the Big Ten Conference ... ■ —fc— ' , Coach “Dutch” Fehring seems to be having some trouble telling just which of the Bredewater twins from Greensburg, is Arthur and which is Arnold . . . It is finally decided when Arthur, who is the catcher, picks up the catcher’s mitt and gets behind the plate, and the other twin walks out to the mound ... —fc— The field house structure is gradually working its way to Northwestern avenue . . .today, at the other end the men started placing the stone slabs ... it won’t be long before the Cary Hall boys will be looking at the entrance to the field house. ... —fc— Better late than nev6r . . . during spring vacation«we saw Bill Tildien lose to Fred Perry of England, 6-4, 4-6, 9-11 . . . everyone doubted that the “old master” had it in him, but with the help of Perry, he presented one of the best sports events we have ever seen ... and that includes last fall’s Purdue-Ihdiana game. .... —fc— Here’s a record for the “old man of the track” . . . Glen Cunningham has broken 4:10 for the mile at least six times in five years . . . strange as it seems, Johannesburg, South Africa is going in for ice hockey in a big way . . . it has a nine team league . . . In a recent exhibition game the St. Louis Browns used 24 players, and were the score keepers burned up ? ? . . . Odds against a perfect score in the American Bowling Congress were 437,600 to 1 . . . but the best the New York bookies gave was 200 to 1 . . , Since Bob Kiphuth took over the reins of the Yale’s swimming team in 1916, it has only lost seven meets, and only four of these were intercollegiate Yale’s string of 164 victories was broken by Harvard recently and several Harvard rooters were so pepped up by the win that they jumped into the pool fully clothed.
Fpotball will take the center of the sports stage here today as between .300 and 400 high school and college coaches from Indiana and neighboring states start scoring verbal touchdowns at the sixth annual Purdue football clinic which will continue through tomorrow afternoon. Leading mentors in the high school and collegiate field will cooperate with Purdue staff niembers in conducting the two-day programs of addresses and demonstrations, with members of the Boilermaker squad> in the midst of spring drill, to be used as “models” in field work. Burnham To Speak
Elmer Burnha,m, Purdue head freshman coach, will provide the clinic “kickoff” tomoirow morning With a discussion of methods of evaluating football material, while Douglas Kerr, of Horace Mann, at Gary, and Lundy Welborn, of South Side, Fort Wayne will take up backfield fundamentals and early season conditioning. A lecture and demonstration on the prevention and treatment of injuries by Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, Purdue team physician, and Lon Mann, trainer, along with a discussion of short punt formation offense by Earl Pike, of Garfield, of Terre Haute, will precede field work with the Boilermaker squad in charge of Mel Elward and Mel Taub of the Purdue staff.
Principal Speakers Dr. Thurman B., Rice, chief of the Bureau of Health and Physical Education of the Indiana State Board of Health; A. L. Trestef, I. H. S. A. A. Commissioner; Dr. C. W. Spears, of the University of Toledo, Pres. E. C. Elliott, of Purdue; Henry Bogue, of Washington, Indianapolis, and Bill Cerney, Notre Dame, will be the principal speakers at the annual coaches’ banquet in the evening. Keith Crown, of Horace Mann, Gary, will preside as toastmaster. Football motion pictures and a coaches’ round table discussion on “Factors Influencing A Coach’s Tenure” will complete the evening’s program. Doc Spears, Glenn Holmes, of Oak Park, 111., and Paul Brown of Massillon, O., wiU all be on Satur:day morning’s program.
WBAA
TODAY
11:00—Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, by Glenn Sample. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Athletic Review, Bob Heine. 12:46-—Mrs. P. E. Soneson, pianist. 1:00—Retail Division of* Chamber of Commerce, Mary Wagner. 1:16—You and Yaur Health. 1:30—Great Inventions. 1:46—Market and ‘ Weather Reports. 2 :00—-Harriet Steen, pianist. 2:16;—Commercial Law, L. G. Minier. 3:00-—We Have Music. 3,: 16—Afternoon Melodies. 3 :30—Lafayette Little Theatre Drama. 4 :d0—Paul Emerson, pianist. 4 :16—^The Magic Carpet. 4 :30—Twilight Musicals. 4:46—Melody Moods.
, . and find ^ComforT too, you've found Freemans. So deftly is smartness combined with perfect fit and good value with low price...you'll find ' it hard to believe, until you've become a conftrmed Freeman customer.
WOBN WMTB BUMBJE
• ..MY MMLJLMOIVS
A B C. SHOE CD
412 MAIN ST.
Itiiraitiiiral GDlf Tourney Opens
With spring slowly hut surely making its appearance, the intramural 6ffice is preparing to start the annual spring golf tournament. All entries are due in at the intramural office on or before April 10, along with an entry fee of 25 cents for each man entering the compete tion. Tickets for the green may be obtained at the intramural office when turning in entry blanks. Play By Foursomes All contestants will go out in foursomes with not more than one man from any fraternity in the group; and so that all sides will be satisfied, the score sheets must be signed by the opponent. Any questions regarding matching may be put to Linne, manager of the course. Fraternities with fewer than 30 members will have one-third of the actives competing, while those with a membership exceeding 30 will have one-fourth of their actives in the competition. Total strokes of the teams will be divided by the number competing, and the result will be the fraternity score, providing, of course, that the required number play. Trophy Shown To the winning house will go a golf figure, which may be seen in the window of the Chocolate Shop, together with the other spring tro*phies. With the tournament beginning on or about April 15, the greens should be plenty active during the next week.
Plans Made
nize
ByA.LTraaB From “Dutch” Fehring, secretarytreasurer of the Iirtertiational “P” Men’s Club, comes news tfiai an effort is being made to actively organize every “P” man of P^due University. Eager to rush this organization, numerous steps have been taken to help the progress of this plan. Districts Established One of the main facts is that districts identical to the^ Alumni Regions have been formed, and it is expected that all “P” men will he reached several times a year. Special events for the benefit of “P” men have been arranged during Gala Week. Outstanding among these activities is the “P” Men’s Banquet, largest and best ever to be held in the Memorial Union Building. This will take place April 30, at 6:30 p. m. . Prominent features on the Gala Week program will be the laying of the cornerstone of the University’s new Field House, the annual Freshman-Varsity football game, baseball games with Indiana University, a track meet with Illinois, and tennis with Iowa and Michigan participating.
Becker To Lecture
Bob Becker, outdoor editor of the Chicago Tribune, will speak at the open meeting of the’ Purdue Forestry Club, Xi Sigma Pi, forestry honorary, and the West Lafayette and Tippecanoe County Conservation Clubs next Tuesday evening at 7 :30 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall. His topic will be “Let’s Seek Adventure.”
Rent a Car for the Evening
ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
the aristocrat of stockings
Sheer, fine, faultlessly styled Chiffons . /i . Sturdy, wearable service weights.. . in the sparkling new shades for spring, from 85c to $1.00
KATHERN MANDLER Hosiery Shop
B &W Shoe Co,
EAST SIDE SQUARE
HAYWOOD’S
RETAIL ffiEPARTMENT Lafayette. Indi
■
uiiiMiiiiii/ I
/
Page Fow
THE PORDUE exponent
Household
Notes
^ ^
By Joan Wimborough If you crave fruit, try keeping a box of the ready-to-eat prunes or apricots in your room. They hurry that chem assignment along.
Tiy this for a hungry gang: Place in gi cased pan a slice of bread, toasted on one side. Top the toasted side with a slice of cheese, then tomato, salt, a tablespoon of salmon, and a strip of bacon. Bake long enough in hot oven to melt the cheese
in a double boiler until soft throughout, but not shapeless. Roll immediately in chopped nuts. Put two or three marshmallows together to serve.
If you have a sweet tooth, put a toasted marshmallow on top of a plain chocolate bar, and put them between graham crackers.
Instead of making the popular “bird nests” of potato strips, try using buttered grated carrots.
To save yourself the messy job of greasing a fudge pan, pour the hot fudge out onto wax paper to cool. It hardens quicker, and there is no pan to wash.
Try dressing up sliced tomatoes like this: arrange thick slices on a greased pan, and spread each with deviled ham mixed with bread crumbs. Dot with butter and bake in oven until brown.
If the cake your mother sends you dries out, put it in a coffee can with a slice of bread, and it will stay moist until the next spread.
The next time you make sandwiches, go Egyptian and build pyramids, using three or four different sized cookie-cutters, cut rings of brown and white bread. Arrange alternately in pryamid fashion with different fillings between the layers, and top with a cherry or sliced olive.
Lost—Gold Delta Tau Delta fraternity ring. Initialed J.L.T. Call Taylor, 5021.
Good Metal Typewriter Stand— L. C. Smith typewriter (a good up-to-date one). Tuxedo suits. Back number magazines Ic to 5c each. Books, lots .of them. Moore's Colonial Market, 220 North 5th street.
NOTICES No notices accoptod aftor t p. m.
Agricultural Engineering Conditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in A E. 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 o’clock, April 10. Applications must be made in same building before spring recess —SPENCER.
Theie’s a piquancy to a tomato cocktail if to 2 cups of juice, salted to taste, you add one-eighth cup of horseradish. Chill and seiwe with crackers.
Solberg To Discuss Steam Generation Prof. H. L. Solberg, of the school of mechanical engineering, will discuss “Steam Generation At High Pressures And Temperatures” at a meeting of Sigma Xi, research honoraiy, Monday at 8 o’clock in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Prior to Professor Solberg’s address, an hour will be spent in an inspection of the laboratories of the school of mechanical engineering. Members of Sigma Xi as well as graduate students of the University may attend the meeting.
Farm Management Conditions—laminations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at 1 p. m —MAUCH.
Grand ribbon sandwiches can be made by putting a slice of gingerbread on each side of a buttered slice of white bread, using between layers a mixture of cream cheesh, chopped dates, and chopped Brazil nuts.
Use these tea party tidbits for your next tea: heat marshmallows
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good Priming—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street
Physics lb—A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p. m. in room 2 of the Physics Building. —SHERMAN
Mixed Recreation—Co-educational swimming April 9 from 7:30-9:00 instead of co-educational recreation in the Memorial Gymnasium - SCHWEHN. Cosmopolitan Club—Meet April 9 in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7 .16 m. A. F. Futoohee will speak. —CLEVINGER
General Chemistry Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7. —ALLEN, HASS, TEST. Scrivener Club—Important editorial meeting April 11, at 2 -30, in the Scrivener office —BROCK
Friday, Apyil 9,1937
Reamer Club—Meeting April 12 at 8 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of Purdud Mepiorial Union. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON. Students’ Bible Class—Meeting in roonl C of the Union Building April 9 at 7:80 p. m. Topic is “Science And The Bible.” Everybody welcome. —PETERSEN. Transfer Student Mentors—Meet in W. S. G. A. office at 4 p. m. April 9. —DIMMICK.
W. A. A. Baseball—Practice April 9 at 4 p. m. Report at gymnasium before going to the field, ’fhere are two practices required for participation in intramural contests. Last opportunity for baseball practice will be April 12, at 4 p. m. , —TOWNSEND Pi Tau Sigma Pledges—Lettering on Carnot boards may be put on any time today April 9 at Pi Kappa Phi housd: —SADLER
Scabbard and Blade—^Pledges report to Aimorj^ at 6 p m. April 10. —BUENTING Scabbard and Blade—Pledges get picks or shovels and lanterns from Service and Stores Building $1 deposit necessary on each. —BUENTING.
Purdue Peace Committee—Meeting Apnl 9 at 7 :80 p. m. in room C of the Union. It is imperative that every delegate attend this meeting. —MIRKIN Playshop Stage Crew—Meeting in the sub-basement of the Union Building at 4 p m. April 9 —BRENMAN. Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Meet April 11 at 7.30 p m in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building All members please be present —MAAHS.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. R^K DR. ROBERT G. R»K DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
CHILDREN’S CLASSES ORGANIZED BALLET AND TAP DANCING Enroll Sat., April 10th Indiana’s Largest Dancing School PHONE 21.50 ALLEN’S -.Fer.
brightly shining or softly gleaming EVENING
WE HAVE THEM FOR YOU! MODESTLY PRICED
/ Others $2.15 and $3.95
Sizes 3 to 9 AAAA to B
Truly Genuine • GOLD KID • SILVER KID • WHITE SATIN* • BLACK SATIN TINTED FREE
HI-HEELS LO-HEELS
HEADQUARTERS for EVENING SHOES
ICE CREAM Cheerios—Drumsticks—Nut Roll Slice Dad’s Place • • • So Handy
Put SPICE In yourmeak!
Breads and rolls that are different . . . luscious pies, cakes and tasty cookies . .. serve them often and your meals will be a real success! Our specialties all have an inimitable home-baked flavor and genuine goodness. Yet they cost so little that you can easily afford to buy generously. GRAVE’S Quauey BAKERY Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
COLOR FROM THE SUN! Belle-Sharmeer Stocking's iVewSUN SPICE
♦ Belh-Sharmeer turns your legs bright... overnight! Sun Spice is the loveliest, sunniest shade imaginable. Spicy but not brilliant! Vcfy, v«y smart with your deep Spring beiges, bright browns, am-
ber tones. Grand contrast for deep pastels, black and white. In your own Belle-Sharmeer leg size . . . Brev for smalls, Modite for, mediums, Duchess for tails, Oassic foi plumps. Here exclusively.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
Lafayette’s Smartest and Newest
Millinery I Shop
And you'll want to hurry for we have )ust received the gayest bevy of spring hats you've ever seen! Flippant, Coquettish, handsome and ravishing ^ $1.95 to $5.95 Consnmer’s Millinery 313 Columbia Lafayette
EXPERTS IN BEAUTY AIDS Our permanents are so expertly done, and every curl put m so carefully that the permanent lasts longer' The reason SHELLEY permanents always receives so many flattering compliments are— they're individual—the beautiful coiffure designs our artists create after studying your type and facial contours We specialize in shampooing, using soft water. SHELLEY BEAUTY SHOP 603 Main (over Hook's) PHONE 6395
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at SOUTHWORTH’S
YOUR LAUNDRY HOME AND RETURN WEEKLY by nation-wide Railway Express. Swift, safe, sure. Enjoyed by thousands in hundreds of colleges, at low economical cost. Remember, prompt pick-up arid deliver^, always without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns. For immediate and college-year service, phone the nearest office of Railway Express.
9 So. Second St.
Railwa
’Phone 2025
Lafayette, Ind.
Agbncy^^^wc,
XPRESS
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICEl
if
On the Fence If you’re uncertain about fashion trends — follow Arrow and you follow the style. Seventy-five years of experience has qualified Arrow to give you a shirt that fits perfectly, wears longer, and looks better. Every shirt is cut by hand over Arrow’s exclusive patterns. Every collar is hand turned and shaped to fit. Be sure—^Buy Arrow—^Be smart. TWO DOLLARS AND MORE h^itoga'—‘tailored to fit Sanforized Shrunk
ARROW SHIRTS
We Cayry a Full Line of Arrow Shirts DEWENTER’S