msm
I?''
AWS BOARD Replies To Edit On Coed Hours
Established 1889
* OK! Bud—YOU write it
SPORTS COLUMN
Commerrts On Future
Football Seasoris
Volume 55, No. 119
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 9, 19M13
Sigma Delta Chi Selects W. Miller, F. Hockema
Best Teacher's Award Goes
To Miller
Popularity, Outlook, Basis For Choice William Todd Miller, popu-
lar Mechanical En|gineering professor of heating and ven-
tilating, was selected as win- for next semester were held ner of Sigma Delta Chi’s best yesterday in the Union. Bill teacher award at a banquet of Snow, junior Mechanical Engi-
PIA, Senate
Bureau Elects Snow Director For Summer
Activities Bureau
Independents Elect Myers
Name
Activities Bureau elections
Al Stewart
Tells All On President
Songfest
the professional journalistic fraternity last Tuesday night. The award is rhade annually to
neer, was chosen as director of the organization for the summer semester, replacing Bill Beckman, who served as director during the past team. Snow is a member of Beta'
Unusual Program Will Start At 7:30 Tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. the “Convo to End All- Convos” will start to write its own obituary.
Chosen in the election yesterday to head the PIA acivities for the next two terms as the president of the board was Lloyd Myers, a seventh semes,ter engineer in the school of Metallurgical Engineering. Probably he is best known on the campus as one of the baton twirlers, having ap-
Scabbard And Blade
Dance At 9
Officers Don Thomas Takes Over Senate Duties
Leather Medal Award Goes ToHocketria
Exemplary Service Cited In Decision Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant tp the President, was selected as the winner of the 1943 “Leather Medal Award” which is presented annually by
, , „ , Sigma Delta Chi. journalistic
Officers To Attend T'' Tf S I T “T; honorary, to the man who has WTTICers I OMUena ^rs last Wednesday night, ^^de the greatest contribu-
Thomas will take over the welfare, success, and
Donald E. Thomas, junior E. E., was elected to head the Student Senate for the sum-
Theta Pi social fraternity and According to Al Stewart, on whom peared in this capacity at all
Prof. W. T. Miller His language is colorful “One of the Best Among the Good Teachers at Purdue.” Bill Millet, as he is well known by his friends, came as an instructor to the campus in 1929 and three years latei \yas made a professor. Bill’s office is' in the Heat Tiansfer Laboratory in the one story building southwest of the ME building. Professor Miller graduated from the University in 1916, being very active in campus affairs while a student. Bill was a transfer student from a west coast college and before entering the University, he stopped down in Oklahoma to design some heating systems. He says, “I came to Purdue to find out how to allow for the condensation of steam in pipes. After spending a few years in college and finding that no one know correctly how to allow for the condensation of steam in steam pipes, I went back to work.” Professor Miller’s name will be engraved on the Plaque in the East Hall of the Union along with the names of Professors Estey, Murphy, Little, Hunt, and Fariman. Campus Varieties Will Sing Swan Song This Afternoon At 4 Current semestei’s version of Campus Vaiiotios will go into its swan song Saturday afternoon at 4 p. m. at the Music Hall studios of WBAA. Something new and different is promised liy each of the characters. Characters this semester have been: Ed Grnis, Mastei of Madness; Tom McCinni, General Paits; Justin Meucham, Musical Director; Ed Ericson, as Ole Olafson; Art Woods as Boitiom; Virginia Martin as Moit; Caiolyn Wood, Dclapidated Opera Singei'; Becky Ann Pervino, Patsy Pain-in-tho-Ncck; and Larry Miller as the Piofessor. Music has boon piovidcd by Justin Meacham, Chi is Shenkel and Jimmy Wostover. Sciipts have been written by Jean Frankcnherry, and playlets by Anna Mae Craig. The show was directed by Stewait
Wolfe.
Florence Phillips . . . wife of Don Phillips, now in the Navy, and foimerly an instructor in Physical Education, died last Wednesday,
of Gimlet Club, men’s honoiary organization. , Libbert Chosen Executive Marjoiie Libbert, junior Homo Economics student and member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, was chosen as executive. Other senior members of the Buieau will retain their present jobs until next semester’s elections. Selected for positions on the board of junioi managers were Judy Jones, Kappa Alpha Theta; Jack Renbarger, Sigma Phi Epsilon, and Ester Sonelly, WRH. Interviewing Freshmen Newly elected officeis will fill vacancies left by graduation and the army, and the Activities Bureau will carry on its usual functions during the summei semester. At the piesent time, the Burea uis engaged in compiling the indices of students engaged in activities and interviewing freshmen on activity participa-
tion.
Judges Pick Four Frafernity-Serority Skits For Galacade Finalists in the fraternity and sorority skit competitioh for the Galaqade were anonunced last night after judges picked four skits from those submitted in the Fieldhouse swimming pool. Alpha Chi Omega, Delta Gamma, Sigma Phi Epsilon and a combination of Triangle and Alpha Xi Delta are the surviving competitors for the $15 first prize. The complete show will consist of fifteen events including comedy diving, swimming and diving exhibitions put on by members of the Women’s Swimming Association of New York and the annual trophy struggle between freshman and varsity swimming teams. Date for the affair is Monday night, Apiil 12, at 8. Roy Heidke will attempt to break the world record in the 150 yard breaststroke during the evening’s entertainment. Kappas, Chi O's Break ROTC Ranks Spring and its balmy breezes may often turn a young man’s fancy to the proveibial throughts of love, but spring, the Chi Omegas and the Kappa Kappa Gammas tuined several hundred young men’s eyes yesterday morning at 11:30. What appeared to be a spring style show or a garden paity in the Kappa flout yard caused an involuntary “eyes right” on the part of two legiments of ROTC men returning from an outdoor review in the intramural field. The Chi Omega front porch also caused innumerable breaches of military discipline. Capt. Ben Petty ... of the School of Civil Engineering, ofl’ercd- a number of suggestions on how to prevent the annual spring break-up of all types of roads in an article in the current is.siie of “The Construction Digest.” The article is entitled, “Spring Break-up of Roads—and the Rem-
edy.”
all blame may be cast, everything will be settled by 9:15 so that the survivors will be able to attend the Scabbard and Blade dance. Contrary to a long songfest tradition, this is the first campus community sing that has been scheduled for a winter term. For ten years the University has sponsored about two songfests a summer for the benefit of townspeople and those who are in the summer ses-
sion.
Freshmen Honored
Freshmen will be accorded the prjvilege of entering the Music Hall through a special entrance to which they will be guided by the ushers. Al says that no one will be bored if he comes early; the fun will begin when the first guest arrives. Devoted mostly to audience participation, the first two-thirds of the program will include a welcome by Norman Augsburger, different songs of fifteen fraternities and four sororities, and such songs as Semper Paratus, Anchors Aweigh,
and the Caisson Song.
Lloyd Myers
Banquet In Union ' Dinner at 6 in the South Ballroom of the Union will open the evening’s activties for the cadet officers, army officers and students attending the annual Scabbard and Blade dance tomorrow evening at
9.
Following the dinner at which Col. D. N. Beere will say a few words, a section will be reserved in
presidential chair, occupied by Paul G. Miller during the past
semester.
He is a member of Beta Theta Pi social fraternity, Alpha Phi Omega, and was recently pledged to Gimlet Club. Other Officers Listed Other officers elected the the same meeting were; vice president, Roger
the Music Hall for the Scabbard ^^ynahan; secretary, Mary Grace
and Blade guests attending the convocation. The dance will not begin until the convocation is finished. Highlight of the dance will be the grand march led by Cadet Col. W. G. Rafert and his date at 10:30. Hosts for the occasion will wear red, white and blue arm ribbons. Maury Mahn and his campus orchestra will provide the music, which will last until 11:30, 12 mid-
Minkler; treasurer, Lois Caldwell, and Senior Boaid members, Don Brewer, Paul Miller and Russ Hard-
ing.
Selected by the Senior Board to fill junioi executive positions were Lon Fischer, Mary Ann Click, Ray Nihan, Bill Dingle, Wilma Jean Palmer and Wally Cook. Summer Plans Made Activities of the Senate will continue as usual during the summer
night hours being in force.
Tonight all advanced military semester, according to President
newly elected President
of the PIA, won his office under the sponsorship of the^ Boiler-
The last thiid of the program maker party, will consist of the performance of —
students are invited to a smoker at 7:30 sponsored by Scabbard and Blade, at which Col. Phillips will speak on desert maneuvers held in the Southwestern United States re-
cently.
Passes will be allowed for this occasion according to the military department.
Thomas. Plans are already being assembled for a more directed w’ar program in addition to the regular-
ly sponsored functions.
many numbers from a list of the combined repertoires of the Concert Choir, Glee Club, and the University Choir. Coeds Entertain Foreign Guests Residents of WRH held a dinner for six foreign students in the halls last Tuesday evening. Guests entertained were ‘Pritha Kumarappa, India; Gloria Fox, Mexico; Brita Kraepelm, Sweden; John Yueh, China; Norbert Tieger, Italy; and Charlie Ayasun from Turkey. A panel discussion was held afterward led by F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Men, where the guests discussed education methods used in their countries. Phoeboe Holl acted as chairman of the activities commit-
tee.
Commencement' Due to the demand for commencement announcements only ten will be a'llotted to each senior for the present. Those desiring more must make special application in the Senate Oflice.
football games and several campus shows. Myers is also a member of the Circle Pines Co-op Bouse, and Alpha Phi Omega, Reamer, a member of the SCA board, and has been active in the Glee Club, University
and Concert Choirs.
Bob Armstrong, a sixth semester student in the Mechanical Engineering School, was elected to serve as vice-president. He is a resident of West Lafayette and has been active in athletics as a wrestler.
Young, Executive
Coed Executive will be Margai’et Young, a sixth semester Home Economics student and a member of the Ann Tweedale Oo-op House. As a freshman she was elected to Alpha Lambda Delta, and she
PEW Open House To Feature Tritons,
PMop lays Plans Modern Dancers
For Two Productions During Summer Term
Playshop will stage two plays during the summer term. Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael, Playshop director, announced last night. Try-
Tonight at 7:16 the women’s Physical Education Department will hold an Open House program in the Memorial Gym to illustrate “Physical Fitness Through Physical Education,” according to the complete program announced by Helen W. Hazelton, head of the Physical Education Department for
outs for “Claudia,” the fii'st play, women.
will be held tomorrow afternoon in Fowler Hall at 1:30. “Claudia,” which will be presented early in the next term, has now definitely been released for production by college groups. The play is a comedy about a newlymaxTied couple and has three male
Gold Pepper pledge and a and five female parts. Anyone who
member of the SCA Board. Norman Merrick, a member of the Pharmacy School, was elected treasurer. He is a seventh semester student and lives in Cary Hall, where he is a member of the Council. Phi Lambda Upsilon, Kappa Psi, Reamer, and Glee Club are some of the activities and honoraries he is associated with on the campus. He is also a distinguished student and on the staff of the (See PIA ELECTIONS, page 4)
reasonably sui’e of being here next semester may tryout. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 12, at 4 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott,
President. ^
Members of the Triton Club, under the dii’ection of Mai'ion Russell, faculty sponsor, will start with a demonstration that includes ballets, relay races, water polo, and life saving tactics. The club will also show the various tests required
to become a Triton member. Freshmen To Participate
Freshman classes will illustrate the basic program that they have been following all winter. Then sophomoi’e classes will show the activties they have been following. Repeating the pi-ogram given a few weeks ago, the Modern Dance
Club will feature four Spanish- iive of'the'univlrs'ity'
Prof. F. C Hockema Unstinted worker. reputation of the University. Prof. Hockema started his college ti-aining at Indiana State Normal, but after one year at that institution he transferred to the University where he received his Bachelor’s degree in 1918. During Woidd War I he entered the service and at the time of his discharge in 1919, he was a commissioned offi^cer in the army of the United States. After the war, he returned to the University and was awarded his Master’s degree in Mechanical Engineei'ing in 1923. With the exception of short leaves of absences. Prof. Hockema served on the instructional and research staff for the next ten years and during that time he made many contacts and gained much experience which has been helpful to him in his work since that time. For approximately the last ten years Prof. Hockema has been assistant to the President and secretary of the Board of Trustees of the Uni-
versity.
In his work as assistant to the President, Prof. Hockema has had occasion to counsel with a great majority of the students who have passed through the portals of the University in recent years. He is the backbone of practically every student organization on the campn^s and does a large amount of traveling and lecturing as a x-epresenta-
“ <
Impossible Task . .. Good'; Not By Stan Wolf Picking “best” teachers is a mighty tough job, especially in a school as large as the University, as the members of Sigma Delta Chi found out Tuesday night at its initiation banquet. The pros and cohs of about ten or twelve staff members, suggested by students from all over the campus, weie discussed at length and the general conclusion was that they were all good. Why And IIow But one of the most vital decisions made during the evening was the claiification, and definition of the annual award made to a teacher for professional ability. For the past four years. Sigma Delta Chi has made an annual award to the “Best of Purdue’s Good Teachers”. The why and how of the award was never quite clear, even to those
Best' Teacher Award
whose lesponsibihty was selecting the lecipienl The discussion started, then, with the idea that those present were to choose the University’s “best” teacher. Sigma Delta Chi does not, howovei, pioiess to have the acme of judgment, hence the voiced opinions of other students weie reviewed. Even so, it was decided that it would he impossible to single out an instructoi and label him the best in the IJniveisity, and the title was unjustificil. Qualifications Defined
defined as follows: “In order tp recognize exceptional effort and ability of instructors in the University, to stimulate an effort toward better teaching methods, and to determine what the student considers a good teacher. Sigma Delta Chi will present an award annually to one among the best of Purdue’s good
teachers.”
Interested In Work “The recipient will know his students as well as possible in coiisid-ex-ation of the size of the class; he wall be interested in teaching and
For that reason, it was almost lending his subject enthusiasm; he
unanimously decided that this year’s award and future awards were to he made to one “Among the Best of Purdue’s Good Teachers”. Fnrthermoie, the purpose of the award and the qualifications set up for it were
will command the respect of his students; he will be intex-ested in campus activities; he will contribute to the welfax’e of the Univex’sity; and he will show interest in the personal problems of th% student.”
American dances along with two original compositions. Theresa Bell is faculty sponsor of the club.
Triton To Repeat
Closing the pi'ogx’am at 8:45 p. m., the Triton club will x-epeat the opening demonstration. Members of the WAA Council will serve as ushers for the eving. Steindler To Speak On Biomechanics Dx-. Arthur Steindler, Depax'tment of Ox’thopedic Surgexy, University Hospital of Iowa State, will lecture on bio-mechanics on April 12 at 8 p. m. in room 103 of the Physics
building.
Steindler has been successful not only as a surgeon, but also for his theoretical investigations of the physics and mechanics of joints. His talk, therefore, should be of interest to physicists, engineers, biologists and physical educators. The lecture, sponsored by the University Branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers, is open to the public. A dinner will be held in the Union in honor of Dr. Steindler at 6 p. m. before the lec-
The leather medal award hits been presented annually since 1921 and the list of winners includes many of the men who have hel^^ to make this University one of the best m the country. Prof. Hockema now joins the ranks of the “Leather Medalists” and will have his name placed on the award which hangs in the Great Hall of the Union. Biologists Elect Prof. Hartsell At the annual business meeting of the University chapter of the Anieiican Society of University Piotessois, Prof. S. E. Hartsell^of the biology department, was elected
ehaiinian.
Di H. W. Keller and Dr. J. H. Martin were elected secretarytieasurer and director, respectively. Pi of. A. P, Poorman, vicechaixman, and Dr. Harxiet O’Shea, diretcor, were continued in office. Chrislian Foundalion . . . will sponsor a x'odeo party itt the Tower Room of the Union a^ter
tore, and tickets may be secured the convo Saturday night. 4diS^*
from Dr.- E. P. Miller, Physics De-
from Dxv E. partment.
sion is free and evexyone is wel-*
come.js5s%?r Sf-'
tx
C'c 2
i H ^ ^
Purdue Exponent
Friday, April 9, 1^43
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 5port$, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Ronnrary Ed!<or ^William G. Hoskins With the Colors
Sditor, Bnalness Manager Rew« Editor Managing Editor senior Adrerlisinc Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Execntise
Pale E. Bulz Gerhard P. Klouman Robert W. Boswinkic Sally Beall James G. Potty Joseph S. Dawson Jean Lauer A. Jane Helm
Publication Staff Editorial Staff AM|cid4 Editors: F. J. Vegh, J. T. Richardson, T L Tilton, Tyson, W. L. Vermilion, M L. Smith, C. C. Marlindell, E. Mnrphy Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbiir, Elaine Ahrens „ „ Sports Staff: C. Sowarfis, J. Ackerman, D Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assistant Adverti'lne M-rarer- ,1 Filpi. , Advertising Mamgi rs ' lUxon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tgbb. Circulation Manager i\ H Kioeplin. Accounts Manager: Marj Dilts
Editor-in-Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Sqnicr
Staff For This Issue Night Editor- Murphy Sports Editor: SowardS Day Editor: Mann Issue Editor: Stephenson Reporters: Steffes, DominiK, Holffiich, Ahhott, Baynes, Gregory, Lumpkin, Van Buskirk
Entered as second cln=s matter at the past office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of pastage prodded for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthc year Deliveied locally by carrier for $1.76 for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters , by mail for $2 00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesleis, > Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service,, Ipc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Maiiison Ave , New York, N Y.
Miller Scores Again
To' Professor William Todd Miller, known as Bill Miller by his many friends on the campus and his numerous former students and associates the world over, goes this year’s Sigma Delta Chi’s best teacher award. Bill, professor of heating and ventilating in the Mechanical Engineering School, is truly "One of the Best Among the Many Good Teachers at i^urdue”. Professor Miller has the somewhat unique gift'of letting his classes absorb knowledge while they enjoy themselves. Bill’s language is colorful and when he talks he speaks the lailguage of one who has been both an employee and an employer; he speaks as the chief engineer of a successful plant; he speaks as the youthful design engineer o^ heating systems down in Oklahoma. Many times Bill cites experiences from when he was “on the job”. His students get practical ideas of applied engineering. But Bill’s experiences and his colorful language do not take up all the class’ time; Bill is consistently in there “putting out” to his class. It can not be said that Bill Miller is popular because he is a “softie”. When Bill was told that he had been selected as winner of the best teacher award, he replied, “This is the biggest thing that has ever happened in my life.” Bill is wrong there, though. The biggest thing that has happened in his life has been his fourteen years as a teacher at Purdue. Sigma Delta Chi is happy to have the privilege of placing the name of a man of Bill’s caliber along with the names of the winners of ojiher years on that plaque in the East Hall of the Union —r.w.b.
V V V
SjiAjuIai.
qtw msiimTON Hockema Aids Students ... A WS Replies . ..
Tm R«9 U S P«l ON
Merry-GO-ROUND
^ —
In presenting the 1943 Leather Medal Award to Prof. Frank War, inevitably, brings changes. Daily, on our campus, men are bemg
C;HoAema;igm;D;taChrha7mad;'a7e;wVatt^^^^
By DREW REARSON
Anf-hony Eden Fears Victory Of Republican isolationists; Aluminum Project Criticized
, ,, I .1 .. J, 1 u J 4- 4.1, 1 are Having to give mp those necesasry luxuries of life wo once thought
recognize the many contributions that he has made to the wel-
fare, success and reputation of the University during his as- This'all totals up to an increased nervous stiain—-a tension that none sociation with Purdue. It is difficult to list the many accom- of us can seem to avoid. It is natural that under these conditions the plishments which dot his career because they are so numerous administrative bodies of the campus must alter their policies.
I think you will recognize that the necessity of these alterations in tra-
British statesman who has been hei-e in years. Chui chill has never seemed to worry much about
peace, concentrated on winning the war.
Eden, however, had one great worry. He didn’t say so outright, because every British diplomat remem
The Army is .saving great quantities of copper for other war purposes by substituting steel for brass in shell cases.
Nine of ten iron hitching po.sts in the Grand Island, Neh., court house square have been enlisted in the scrap drive—they’ll help do a job on three horses’ necks named Hitler, Hirohito and Mussolini.
' Cuba has one of the oldest universities in the'-Attiericas, founded in 1728.
and extend into practically every field connected with campus , 1 TT • -4. 4i> • ditionftl policy have been recdgPized.
life and University affairs. The University, whenever possible, has granted extra days of vneff-
WASHINGTON—Cabinet members who talked Prof. Hockema, or Frank as he is affectionately known to his tion; the University War Council together with officials of the Univerwith Foreign Minister Anthony Eden during his visit many friends and associates,,is really and truly a representa- sity have sponsored special war convocation piograms designed here were more impressed with his vision and grasp tive of the students and has gone tO baf many times for in- the anxious questions of men expecting to ^ ° ^ •
world probloms for poace than thoao of a„p otho. dividual atudents or lor thoir collective intereets. He le never
too busy to confer with students and he is always willing to gaudies; the convocations committee has exerted-constant vigilance to give the most minute detail his undivided attention. As as- keep student morale at a normal level—their weekly movie reviews, and sistant to the President, Prof. Hockema has carried on in the the outstanding special programs they have arranged throughout the absence of Dr. Elliott in administering and conducting the af- 4 m,. never-
bers the“Sackville-West incident in 1888 when a Brit- fairs of the University and his office is one of the most efficient thd^s^eleSa^gTeat’de^of enSg?To do Hs part. It has no intention ish minister was recalled from Washington for favor- the campus. or Sre an autocratic dSatSal body. Its position is a difficult
ffigSwtnTheHnesTEden^rnveVsadonr^^^ During more recent years. Prof. Hockema has been desig- one. It is expected to receive the
see that he was definitely worried over the possibility nated as the armed forces representative on the campus and ^^tm-lqu^faffne" anT^U^ of the stuefent body of an isolationist Republican victory which might in that capacity he has played a vital role in securing defer- expected to keep an ear extended to ascertain scuttle the peace after the war. ments for students and doing other things for the benefit of gtudent opinion, and at the same time not allow itself to be too unduly This was one reason he took such pains to talk to 4-jjg people concerned. He does not hesitate to call Washington influenced by the few loudly radical opinions, when the soft-voiced ra-
or do anything else which might help the student in question, tional thinkers are, neveitheless, in majority.
In regards to the many news releases, which concern the stu- Since the outbreak of the war on the campus, because of the conditions ,1-1011 Ti T»j?TTi mentionGcl above, the strain imposed on the board h^is been multiplied.
„„ ..... .... dentbody.fromthe army navy or other sources Prof. Hock- problems that hav, aevor arisen
told Eden that a Democratic Adminisb-ation would ema IS always anxiOUS that the students should knoW the
have a tough time being re-elected. , news as SOOll as possible. As you know, freshman girls were gianted special permission during • British-Russian Alliance Through his contacts with industry and his connections the week if their boy friend was called into the service; painstaking care To eet the full sianificance of Eden’s conversations with the graduates of the Upiversity, Frank Hockema has has been taken to see that no girl is unjustly penalized foi coming in after
spread the influence and prestige of Purdue to the far cor- ‘X-''’’f
lar of British foreign policy was close cooperation ^ers of the globe. We of the Exponent and Sigma Delta Chi votefaTsophomoTcotdliorinth?belief that it would be the last all-
have had an opportunity to observe a small part of what Prof, university formal of the year Nevertheless, the rci-ular 3 o’clock hours Hockema has done for the University and we find it difficult for Prom were extended when it was found possible to have a Prom, to select words which will adequately describe his many con- The lecent decision to giant the usual 12 o’tdock homs foi the Scabtributions to Purdue Blade dance is unimpoitant in itself. It is impoitant as a prin-
In short we can say that whenever the improvements in
leading Republicans.
One or two Administration leaders, incidentally, did not allay his fears. They took a very frank view, to the effect that the political situation was bad, and
between the British Navy and the French Army. The French were to dominate the Continent and the British
the high seas.
To strengthen this, the French had built up a series of alliances, or buffer states—Czechoslovakia, Poland, Jugoslavia, Rumania. But when Hitler chopped out
ciple.
From the foieRoing, I hope I have shown you that AWS is not an
the weakest link, Czechoslovakia, the entire structure -welfare, success and reputation of the University are exam- adamant and unchaiiRinR body. It cannot, however, poimit the excuse of
fell, and with it the French army. ined, we are sure that Prof. Hockema will have played a major It is no secret therefore, that Britain, since the making these improvement a reality. His infiuence “i:, *■"’ may uot always be apparent, but his influence, advice and guid-
ance have had a profound effect upon the past, present and future of the faculty, students and the University.—d.e.h.
new ally will be—in fact already is—Russia. That is the most important point to keep in mind about Eden’s conversations here. That is one reason why the British frankly told us that they will handle European matters, and that all questions of future boundaries of European states, especially those like Poland, Rumania and the Baltic states bordering Russia, must' be left until after the war. Also the clear indication is that Russia and Britain can settle
these problems.
Another argument to that end is that the State Department, because of Polish, Slav, Baltic minority
groups in this country, is undei political pre.ssuie, and , , i., mi -u.- i j i • , can expeditiously pass the buck to England, keeping are made an actuality. The opposition element may be quiet
Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbctt and Jim Richardson
“war—abnormal times” to relax its standaids completely. I have no desire to aigue over the above decision. Each individual is entitled to his own opinion. We aie still, thank God, demociatic. However, I should like to add one statement which was omitted from the lecent editoiial on this inattei. Xhe militaiy students on the campus, although an impoitant and respected group, are only a part of the entiie campus. In fairness to all othei oiganizcd gioups, we must lieat them as wo would any othei. —AWS JUDICIAL BOARD.
Placemen!’ Notes For Women
Theta Alpha Phi
Events are shaping up in Washington to give President Roosevelt the battle of his life when the proposed peace plans
hands off completely.
• Wants Us To Join The British-Russian alliance, however, is not secret. The United States has been urged to join, and Eden even hopes that the Piesident will soon send an outstanding statesman to Moscoi/. Rus.sia, it was quite clear from the Eden conversations, IS a country which cannot he ignored in peace
any more than in war.
This was probably the number one conclusion of the Eden visit. Number two conclusion was that world peace can be maintained only by a military alliance of Britain, the United States, Russia, and perhaps China, almost identical to the military alliance proposed by Woodrow Wilson but rejected by the die-
hard isolationists in the U. S. Senate.
at the moment, but this quiet is the lull before the storm. President Roosevelt has us playing a leading part in world
Mr. Eail B. Archibald, Director of Peisonncl, Lear Avui, Inc., Piqua, Ohio, has wiilton for women trained in engineering drawing; for those also tiained in mathonicxtics
. . . notional dramatics honorary, aiiiiouiiees the following officers: President, Ait Barati; vice president, Bett> Giay; secietary, Roseinaiy Boyd; tioasuier, Dick DeLong. Now initiales wete named as
and science for woik in their Test follows - Jack Newman, Grant Field-
affairs after the war, and there still seem to be a number of Lahoratoiy. Call 2956 if interested, en, Dick DoLong, Rosemary Boyd
so-called isolationists in our midst. The question at hand is whether we can rid our Congress of these men during the next election. They are both Republicans and Democrats. If we can diive these undesirables out of Congiess, we might be able to instile peace for more than 20 years.
This should be opposed to the very last fiee man in the w'oild, for Poland was almost as bad as Gcimany in her tieatment of hei minoiities. While on the other hand, the Czech lepublican was piobably the most free countiy in all central Em ope. The peace aftei this war should contain definite piovision for creating a new Czechoslovakia.
The federal government made an-
The American people continue to
take heart, and justly so, with the other attempt last week to clear up
In other words instead of hemming and hawing advances in North Africa; but it the censorship fog that has engulfed over League sanction against Manchmia, this military should be realized that every mile the newspaper reports issuing from
Mrs. Glace A. Smartt, manager, Canyon Inn, McCormick’s Creek Canyon State Park, Spencer, Indiana, needs giils for summer work. Chicago Commons, 955 West Grand Avenue, Chicago, 111, is a social settlement desiiing gnis for summei woik. Jobs aie woiking w'lth childicn and pays boaid and room plus a small cash allowance. Anyone inteiested should get in touch immediately with Placement Service for Women (2955).
and Caiioll Maitindell.
Lt. Roland G. Schmitt, Jr. . .. graduate of the ME school in the class of 1941, has received his commission in Afiica. Lt. Schmitt took his basic training at Chanute Field as a mechanical engineer in the Air Corps.
Lt. Joe A. Gandy . . . graduate of the foiestiy school m the class of 1942, received his Lieutenant commission on Match 10 ht Quantico, Va. Lt. Gandy entered the Marines December 31, immediately alter graduating from the University.
Captain Russell A. Dilts . . ., former University sliident, has been promoted to the rank of captain as Special Setvice Officer at Fort Sjll, Okla. Graduating in 1941 with a Bachelor of Science degiee in Engineeiing, he was a member of the University boxing team liom 1937 to 1939. He is a ipember of Sigma Alpha Epsilon frateinity.
It requires as much power to carry 20 tons of 4-engine bomber through the sky as is needed by a crack pas.senger locomotive to haul 1,00 tons of cars and tender over the rails.
alliance would have acted first and talked afterwards. In other woids also, aftei twenty years and two wars we aie back where we weie befoie the die-hards killed Woodrow Wilson’s dream of peace. • Jed Johnson Shocked Jesse Jones’ financing of a huge Aluminum Corporation power plant in Canada while U. S. power piojects were being sidetiacked came in for criticism dining a healing of the House Appropilations subcommittee the other day. The committee had befoie it Paul J. Raver of Poitland, Ore., head of the Government’s huge Bonneville Dam which supplies power to a U. S. aluminum pz-oject nearby. Asked Representative Jed Johnson of Oklahoma, chairman of the sub-committee: “Did you read the story about Jesse Jones lending that money to the Aluminum Corporation to build a Canadian power
plant?”
Raver: “Yes, I lead it.” Johnson: “What do you think of it?” Raver: “I don’t think it sounds veiy good for the authorities here, who aie denying materials to power plants in the Northwest (Bonneville and Gi-and Coulee), and at the same lime aie sending stuff to
Canada.
“Bonneville and Grand Coulee supply the power for about one-thii’d of our aluminum production, but they are not operating at full capacity because they lack equipment and can’t get alumina (the ore). When the Canadian plant was being built, we were told that we couldn’t go ahead with full production because of the shoitage ol ciitical matciials. “We have been operating Bonneville on a shoestring. We can’t get fire hydrants and other matelials necessary to piotect the plant.” John.son: “I can think of worse things to .say. Here we are closing down power projects and reclamation projects in the United States and at the same time $68,000,000 of the taxpayers’ money is going to build a plant for the Aluminum Corporation in the wilds of Canada, without Interest. I’m shocked and amazed. “As a post-war proposition, the Aluminum Coiporation will have a gioat plant in Canada employing thousands of people financed by the United States taxpayers.” Repi esentative James M. Fitzpatrick of New Yoik- “It may he pos.siblc that the Aluminum Corporation doesn’t want any surplus power in this countiy because it wolild inteifere with the power tiust.” Repiesentativ/o Johnson: “I’ve heai'd that they’ie using aluminum to make chans in Canada, though we can’t get enough ol it foi war needs in the United States. I’m shocked by what I have lead about this loan Mr. Jones made and I think this committee should find out who’s to blame foi it. Unless someone gives a good leasoii foi it, I’m going to raise some cain, I think this committee should get at the facts.” (Copyiiglit, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Rommel retreats the shorter his lines grow. He also has an army still intact, and with these factors in his favor he can be expected to fight for quite some time. This fact is borne out when you stop to realize that Rommel’s only serious loss of ground has been where he was in contact with the veteran British Eighth Army. The complete defeat of Rommel will have to be carried out with strong advances on all
fronts.
Africa and London. The man who Byron Price picked for this tough job was John S. Night, editor-pub-lisher of the famed Detroit Free Press and other papers. Mr. Night is a newspaperman’s man and should be able to straighten out the news muddle that has been bothering U. S. newsmen ever since the war with Germany started.
5 DAYS Starting Tomorrow
The natural voice of Poland has been speaking up lately in a demand that Poland be gianted paits of Czechoslovakia after the war.
r,. ~ . , =zz
—
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK
— DENTISTS -
400-404 Schultx 4th and Main Sts.
Bldg. Phone 5701
4——' - /
- -
TODAY and TOMORROW
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED., APRIL 14 ADVANCED THURS., APRIL 15 7:30 P.M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN S 6lh and Ferry
— HELD OVER — TODAY - TOMORROW
starring WILLIAM . EDDIE HOLDEN BRACKEN
SUSAN , ROBERT HAYWARD ^ BENCHLEY with MARTHA O'DRISCOLL • BARBARA BRITTON
Dirtclad & Producad by EDWARD H. GRIFFITH Serton Ploy by Virfilma Von Upp • From a Play by Franclt Swonn • Roloaiod thru Unitod ArtiiU
STARTS MIDNITE PReVuE sat. 11:15
Fiill'RSN
Heading a 5-Man Commando raid to the heart of Berlin and bach!
:SPEI
JOBKNIY
WIRNFR nnniii rtirriiir reu/
mmin oros! stjrrinq new success
Nancy Coleman' Raymond Massey
AlAN HALE ARTIIUK KENNtOT
^ ISports
^mA
HBPsOne -Sphsh... (I^lacdde Whips Up Foam As Starter Of Gala Week
By Jim Ackerman
In just three days the student body of this University will again be able to witness another of Coach Dick Papenguth’s spectacular shows which he presents this coming Monday ni^ht in the Fieldhouse at 8 p. m. Tickets for the Galacade are now on sale at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse for 50 cents. The doors will open Monday evening at 7, but tickets will go on sale at the door at 6:30 p. m. Among the numerous features of the Galacade are seven races, diving, fraternity and Sorority skits, ballets and comedy acts. One of the featured races of the evening will be Elroy Heidke’s attempt to break the world record in the 150 yard
breast stroke.
Exhibitions by members of the far-famed New York Women’s Swimming Association team will be^nother of the highlights of the evening. The
team will come direct from competition in the national championships in Chicago and will arrive in Lafayette Monday noon. They will be put up
Boilermakers . . . Guy “Red” Mackey and Prof. P. R. Eastwood, of the University division of physical education for men, will both play prominent roles in the sectional confei’ence of the College Physical Education Association to be held in Cincinnati, Ohio, next Tuesday. Dr. Eastwood will preside over the opening session which will have as its theme “The College Physical ^Preparedness Program for a Global War,” while Directoi’ Mackey will be one of the discussion leaders in a panel discussion on “Physical Education and/or Athletics.”
New York are Dorothy Williamson, diver; Baibara Yodiee, breast stroke; Betty Shields, back stioke; Florence Schmitt, sensational 12-year-old free style stai; Catherine Wornert, free style, and Maiilyn
Sahner, free style.
Some of the other races in the evening’s progiam are a 200 yard relay and 200 yard fiee style I’ace by the fi’eshman swimmers and four races by the New Yoik girls.
More Femininity
Tryouts for the fraternity and sot'ority skits were held last night in the Fieldhouse pool, but the results were not available when the paper went to press. All in all, there will be five skits piesented. Then besides these skits, more girls will be presented when the Triton Club put on a show, probablj'- consisting
of a ballet.
As in the past at other of Coach Papenguth’s water shows, diving will be one of the outstanding attractions when the boys unmask their true selves and leave the diving boards at eveiy angle imaginable. There will be seventeen events in the show, the schedule of which will be given in Sunday’s Exponent.
Soihe Masculinity, Too
Apother trophy race will be held betvyeen the frosh and vaisity for their annual scrap to see who gets
the trophy
Coach “Dutch” Fehrinp
and carp out of the pool than did the varsity membeis of the swimming
team.
Enlarge Seating Capacity
Besides the atti actions alieady named theie will be a few otheis which Coach Papenguth has not bieathed a word about as yet. Plans have been made to stietch the seating capacity of the pool galleiy for
The plans now consist 800 for the evening, though if a
of a “battle i oyal” over a push ball few more come they will be either five feet in diameter. Last yeai the pushed into the pool to make way freshmen won the trophy when they for more or set in the rafters.
DO YOU DIG IT? Submiffec/ by Betty Boaz, Bloomington, Indiana
SEND US^Yq,y.R SLANQ AND 9ET 'WE USEvJT . ' Address T' College DepK, Pepsi-Cola Co,, Long Island City, Y.
P&psi-Cola Company, Long Island City,N. Y. Bottled locally by Franchised Bottlers
Lol us help you “’Nip” llu* Style Bug with an “Outdoor” .Sportcoat Plaids Tweeds Plains ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
Grid Season Opens Today
Luckman Featured On
Meet William Paul 'Dut(h' Fehring, Head Baseball Coach, Athlete Extraordinary
The
,1*^ jf
Spo/dA.
r ^
(jdrwsL
L'.:- inf '
By Joe Dawson
Discussion Progrant
By Clint Sowards
Again we continue our self imposed duty of introducing the
in sorority houses by members of Triton, the women’s swimming or-
AspSl wiiralso adThe^bit to^te Boilermaker coaching staff to the students of the University, evgning’s jn-ogTam, swimming not This time we would like to present William Paul “Dutch” only her famous breast stroke, but Fehring, varsity baseball coach, assistant varsity football
also some free styles. coach and freshman basketball coach.
New York Club Personnel “Dutch”, as William Paul will be called from here on in, is The girls who will be heie from one of the most all around athletes on the Riveter coaching
staff. Ever since “Dutch” was a freshman in high school back at Columbus, Ind., he has been connected with varsity athletics. At Columbus, “Dutch” spread his athletic imowess ovei three fields, baseball, basketball and football. It evidently didn’t take him long to get himself established in any of these fields because by the time Dutch graduated fiom Columbus High School, he had accumulated 12 majoi letteis in these three sports. Started Here In ’30 Dutch left high school in the spiing of ’30, and in the tall of the same year took up residence here in West Lafayette, einolled in the Univeisity as a fieshman in the Science .School.
Fresh from high school, with a
weie able to captuie mo|e goldfish waidiobe full of letlei sweaters and
a huge stack of ceitificates acknowledging him as being chosen on the All-State football team two years and the All-State basketball team one year, Dutch decided to take a crack at college athletics, and It tinned out to be good loitune for the Boilermaker institution that he did. Wasted No Time During his frosh year, Dutch made a pretty good impression on the coaching staff of the University, and his sophomore year he practically slayed ’em. In his second year, Dutch played varsity fullback on Nobel Kizer’s grid squad, vaisity centei on Waul Lambert’s basketball team, and varsity catcher on “Piggy” Lambert’s varsity baseball team. To make a long tale shoit, Dutch won nine major letters m his foiii yeais as a student at this school, and at the same time accomplished pi actically the impossible by making distinguished five
^ Twelff-h Annual Grid Clinic Throughout today and tomorrow the Boilermaker athletic department will once again play host to the many middle west high school and college football coaches for the twelfth annual edition of the Purdue Football Clinic. . . . Starting with the six-man football discussion early this motning and ending up with the appearance of Sid Luckman toiporrow, the coaches will go through two mighty busy days of discussions and demonstrations entirely centered about the improvement and enjoyment of football today. ^ Inter-Squad Game Today At 4:30 today Coach Elmer Burnham will give the coaches and students alike a taste of actual scrimmage by splitting up his huge 81-man spring grid squad and paiiing off two teams in a regulation game up in Ross-Ade Stadium. . . . This annual contest—a windup of the spiing drills which began March 1—should give the Riveter fans a faint idea of' what to expect next fall. Faint because Burnham will be plenty lucky if he has half this bunch back when the season opens next September. ► Four Major Lettermen Back Although graduation and the various services have hit the Boilermaker squad mighty hard, there are still several familiar faces on the gild roster this spiing. Dick Baiwegen, the brilliant sophomore guard last fall who was one of the most consistent performers on the team, will start for the Blacks today. Henry Strain, powerful little sophomore halfback, gnd John Andretich, hard charging and long passing junior fullback, will be in the backfield for the Blacks along with Bill Burghardt, junior quarterback. ► Mafrewitz, Close Af Tackles Gene Matrewitz, who along with Baiwegen, Strain and Andretich, are the only major letteimen returning, will start at tackle for the Gold team. Stan Close, a convei ted fullback, will be at the other tackle position. Two freshmen ends who will bear watching are Fend and Miller. . . . Fend was rated as one of the best high school wingmen in the Chicago vicinity two years ago, while Miller was rated as one of the top ends in the state at the same time while playing with Central of South Bend. All of the local fans will remember Bog Agnew, the former Jeff quarterback, who will start today at halfback for the Golds. Bill Newell, aggressive, 165pound senior centei, and the only experienced pivot man on the entire team, will start for the Golds. ► Sad Luckman Here Tomorrow The appeal ance of Sid Luckman, the brilliant field general of the Chicago Bears for the past several years, will highlight tomorrow’s session. Luckman will speak on “Quarterbacking the T Formation” a subject which he knows probably better than any man living today. After the morning session tomoiiow the coaches will go over to Columbian Park for the exhibition game between the Chicago White Sox and the Indianapolis Indians beginning at 4 p. m.
GOLDS Fend .... Close ..
Fox .
Newell ..
Hendry
Matrewitz Laskin Petrak ..
Stuart .. Agnew
Schultz ...
PROBABLE LINEUPS Pos. LE LT LG C . . RG
BLACKS MiBw Taihm ... McMiOeii Aithaies .. Barwegen
RT Aitkin RE Smith QB Burghardt' LH Sicam RH Rp^ FB Attdritl^
Providing one of the highlights pf the opening day’s program of the twelfth annual Purdue Football Clinic, two picked teams from the Boilermaker spring grid squad, the “Golds” and the “Blacks”, will meet in
a regulation game in Ross-Ade Stadium on Friday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock. Although staged primarily for high school and college coaches from over the middle west WHo will be attending the two-day clinic, the game will be open to the student
body and general public. Only Four Lettermen
The two competing elevens have
Lambda Chi's Down Phi Kappa Sigma's In Intramural Fray In a hard fought battle yesterday after-noon, the Lambda Chi Alpha taseball squad defeated the Phi Kappa Sigma squad by a score
of 6 to 5. Both teams had won three selected from_a spring squad games apiece in the four game ^^at has made up in enthusiasm spring series, and the winner of has lacked in expei’iencfe, their match is eligible to compete ^ keenly fought battle is in in the final round with other un- aspect. Only four major letter-
defeated teams to determine a champion. Roberts Hits Homer It was an eVen game up to the fourth inning, with the “Skull”
men, Dick Bar-wegen, guard; Eugene Matrewitz, tackle, and Henry Stram and John Andretich, backs, are listed in the starting' lindu^s, which include 11 freshmen or newly turned sophomores. The game
House leading by a score of 5 to 4. pi-oyide one of the windup fea
With one man on base. Lambda Chi ^
Jack Roberts came to bat and launched on March 1 with a sui-pris-
knocked out a home run. This put his team out in front by one run, and the score did not change dining
the remainder of the game. The battery for the Phi Kappa
Signra’s was Jack Freeman and Getty Fox: for the Lambda Chi’s, Jack Roberts pitched during the
ing turnout of 81 candidates. Hig-hlight of the clinic will be the appearance of Sid Luckman, famed Chicago Bear field general and leading exponent of the T forrmation. Luckman will lecture to the gathering on “Quarterbacking the T FoiIllation’. A former All-Ameri-
first inning until he was relieved gan at Columbia University, Luck-
of his eight semesteis heie. In the three years that Dutch played football here, the Boilermakers only lost two games; and dm mg the three years that Dutch played basketball hcie, the Boilermakers knocked down two Big Ten conference titles. Made A Few “All’s” To add a little more glory, Dutch was made captain of the football squad his senior year, and for two years was given honorable mention on the All-American squad.
4
powimAui^v <fla>U(uU *teut af/te^-LaiU neceMiifP Powder.Mitt fils the hind snusly, ipreeds powder tmoolhly at It filters through from the refillabk pouch between palm and puff. Apple blossom or bouqiitt oowder, Floral print coverings, * $1.UU
made all of the all-state squads and was on the All-Conference team those same two years. During the winter rrronths Dutch earned for himself the title of center on the all-conference basketball team, his senior year; and that same spring, his teammates on the diamond squad named him the most valuable player on the team. In addition that same year, Dutch was presented the Big Ten trophy at this University for being the most intellectual athlete. Turned Pro Following his giaduation in no small blaze of glory, Dutch signed up with the Chicago White Sox and caught for said squad one summer. (See FEHRING, page 4)
WBERTY^Al'ME/flCXS
by Tom Brower with Bob Irmscher
catching.
In other games yesterday, the Kappa Sigs extended their record to four straight by downing the Phi Kappa Tans by a score of 4-0;
man became one of the pro game's leading stars when he joined the Beais in 1939. Also included among the lecturers is the famed head mentor at Iowa State College, Ames, Iowa, Mike Miehalske. His subject
the Phi Psis still have a perfect ^yj|j mclude fundamentals and fine
record by virtue of their 7-4 vie- of hne play.
toiy over the Sigma Nris; and the Phi Delts’ 3-1 will over Acacia left them in the undefeated column. Two other teams have previously qualified to play in the final round by viitue of their undefeated record. These are the Delts and the AGR’s. One other team, the Pi
Kappa Alpha, has won
games so far in the senes and they are scheduled to face their fourth
opponent this afternoon.
IM Schedules
BASEBALL
Friday, April 9
4:15
Said a Boy Scout named Anthony Gray, “Gee whiz—about all I can pay. Is a dime at a timd For Savings Stamps, h'nt I’m Going to own a Sayings Bond some day!”
Diamond
1
vs. Pi
I
Even your penniee will help America defeat the Asia. Save them and buy U. S. Savinge Stamps and Bonds.
Heavy Program
As far as the clinic attendants are concerned, the game will fall between a busy day of discussion of the practical phases of the grid game and the annual coaches banquet and smoker in the evening. E.
three Stuteville of, Attica will preside
over the opening- discussion of sixman football on Fi-iday morning which will be followed by a showing of motion pictures and a round table on methods of shifting defense to meet the man in motion plays. This last dissertation wfll be led by Haiiison Berkley of Elkhart. University staff members will take up the problem of injuries and training difficulties to open the afternoon session. Later, Ted Fehung of Wiley, Terre Haute, Will serve as chairman at a special discussion on maneuvers at which the leaders will be Milt Piepul, Cathedlal, Indianapolis; Max Kidd, Brazil, and Pete Kovachic, Whiting. Farts will remember Piepul as the bone'crrishmg fullback who played in the Notre Dame backfield from 19$7-
1939.
In the final blackboard meeting before the game, Sid Gillman, assistant coach at Miami and a former Ohio State luminary, will discuss
hers of Noithwesterir university’s the use of signals to meet changing athletic teams who are m nnhtar'y defense. >■ . service has just been issued by the At the banquet Fr-iday evening athletic departnujnt. The eight page the principal speaker will be Jack papei was sent to 300 fonnei Wild- Ryan, sports writer for'the Chicago cats who are in service. Daily New-s, w'hile the well known The paper w'hiclr will be issued “Pop” Doan, assistant athletic dimonthly contains infoinration on rector and ticket manager, will act Noithw ester n’s athletic teams and as toastmaster. After the banquet other campus news as well as news there w-ill be an informal smokerabout the men m service. One of and motion pictures (aha), the features of fhe paper is a sec- A special section of seats is betion entitled “Trailing the Wild- ing-reserved for the visiting coached cats” which contains the where- for the exhibition baseball game about of formei athletes. The paper between the Chicago White Sox and is edited by Walter Paulison, sports the Indianapolis Indians tm Siui^y news service director. afternoon.
Phi Gamma Delta
Kappa Alpha.
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Pi
Kappa Phi.
Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha
Epsilon.
Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau
Epsilon Phi.
’rireta Chi vs. Triangle. Sigma Nil vs. Sigma Chi.
Sports Shorts The first issue of The Wildcat News to be sent to former mem-r';^ ^ft.;
t i ; f‘
W^%f^ fi
i#'
, , > * Purdue Exponent
Friday, Spril 9, 1943
Personnel Department Lists Helpful Suggestions Job-Hunting Seniors Should Converse Freely With Company Representatives
University Calendar Friday, April 9
9 00 A M9 00 A M 6 ]0PM 7 30 P M 8 30 P "VI
-Indiana Teacheis Tiammg Fedei cited Clubs Confeience Football Clinic Banquet Physical Ed Demonstiation Chi Omega Spiing Foimal
Room 263, Union W Faculty Lge Room 363, Union Women’^s Gym N Balhoom
Prof. Binder Explains MT Students Air Foil Principles Win Medals
At SAE, lAeS Meeting
Thiee Sons of the Ameiican Revolution Medals weie awaided at coips foimation Thursday They
A joint meeting of the Society were presented to Cadet Major
Freshman Engineers All
frdshrtian Engineers -will Saturday, April 10 at 8 a m by schMlB as follows Chemical and Metallurgical Engineers mohi 302 Chemical Engineeiing Building CivU Ingmecia Lectuie Hoorn Civil Engineel-
mg Building riectncal
264 Electrical Engineeiing Building Mechanical Engineers (A to K .^om 108, LtoZmcl room 207) Mechanical Engineering Building Public Service and EirK>”ef_^‘
intf Law Conteu nto Room
Executive
Building
This 13 an important meeting
—KNAPP
Bv Lou Speck According to Jim Flaheity, duector of Student Industrial Relations and Personnel Committee, seteial interviews of company I'epresentatives visiting the campus, by members of SIR during the past semestei, ha\e letealed many valuable suggestions which might prote helpful to lob-hunting seniors m their employment interviews. For instance. W B Lerch, of Phillips Petroleum, pi efers that students enter into conversa-
Sai'urday, April 10
12 30 P M 7 00 P M 7 00 P M 7 30 P M 8 30 P M 8 10 PM 8 30 P M
Exp Science Gioup Luncheon Bowel H S Dinnei Dance Montmoienci H S Dinnei Dance Music Festnal Scabbard and Blade Dance Mixei Sigma Alpha Mu Dance
Old Chestnul Room W Faculty Lge Room 363, Union Hall ol Music S Balhoom N Balhoom E Faculty Lge
of Automotive Engineeis and the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences was held last night in loom 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building Pi of R C Bindei of the Fluid Mechanics Depaitment explained some of the principles of an foil and an stieani study aftei which
the
J M Eggleston, winiiei of senioi command examination Cadet Second Lieutenant E H Hageity was the winnei of the junioi command examination E S Hanson, whose squad won place in the combined howitzei competition, leceived the thud
Cary Hall Men All those who have not contacted Cardona and who should graduate in August should contact him b^ Friday
noon
-CARDONA
Scabbard and Blade l-’ollowing men please repoit for aabci practice for Scabbard and Blade Ball Bring your Sam Brown belt Friday I 10 m South Jiallroom Lester,
C Smith H
fiist Smith D
ing P
(Vein Portci
i uebban Tocr-
C E
Gentki. Blitz Seddon -RAFERT
a film, “The Fundamental Nature medal
tion and ask questions so that he can obtain a better perspective of him or her Moreover, Lerch was convinced that the prospective employee should be moie inteiested in his chances foi advancement lathei than the amount of his staitmg salai\ Since hobbies indicate the ditision of the
company m which the
iZ/i JhsL QhuhdksL&L
China
By G. B. Wu
Puidue Chnslian Foundation Satin day evening aflei the Con vocation. Rodeo Paity Wheie’—
piospect In Towei Room ol the Union build-
would fit most successtulh, Leich states that each intei\iewoe should be piepaied to oflFei details as to the natuie and peisonal inteiest his paiticulai hobby affoids him
Reasons Foi Indices
Another inteiestmg obseication was offeied bv D E Meade, of Gen eral Motois wlio is convinced that theie aie many good, logical lea-
inc, How' much’ Admission fiee Just In mg a lot of pennies foi an auction Dates not necessai v, but peimiS3ible Weai clothes jou don’t mind getting mussed Sunday Moining 9 30—Student Class Election of next tcim’s officeis “Religion and the Woilcl of Tomoiiow” will be discussed under the leadeiship oi
foi a low cumulative index R^v Hubei t Rej nolds
which each student mtei viewed should be piepaied to discuss in de tail Going still fuithei he stated that each student should hate defi nite ideas as to the type of woik he OI she would piefei Me ide was especially caieful to emphasize the impoitance of giils and women making some definite effoit to leain the qualifications foi, and deciding beforehand the paiticulai job foi
10 40—Chinch woiship seivice The Rev ^ Doyle Mullen will pi each the ^eimon entitled “A Pi elude to Eastei” Don’t miss chinch dm mg Lent Sunday Aftei noon, leaving liom 131 S Grant 2 30—Returning hack heie bv 7 p m Bicycle hike to Battle Giound foi Sunday evening Foi uni pio .,iain Outdooi lecieation camp
w'hich they think themselves best hie suppei discussion and woiship
qualified I Q’s Not Too Important Concluding the list of mteiviews, Emile J Pelletiei, of Bell Aiiciaft Coipoiation does not place too much impoitance on I Q latmgs Pelletiei feels that these latings aie no definite indication of the applicant’s aptitude In addition Pel letiei desiies the studeni to tell him of his extia cuiiicmai actiM ties and the effect they have on his scholastic lecoid if an He expects the inteitiewee to infoim him of any legitimate icisons si,ch woik, woiiic^ ct cct,_ i he m ly hate toi a low --cholastic imicx Committee Alembeis Mcmbeis ot the c mim >e? con duepng the inteiticws ol I'lC'-e le, lesentaticcs \eic Jack iv icn Do is
II vou don t own a bicycle, hoiiow Ol hue one and come Reniemhei, we’ll be back by 7 In case ol inclement wo. thei, piogiam will be the legulii time 5 13 at IJl S
Giant
Lnuorsitt Piesbjteiian Chi”ch Ninth Stieet Neai Giant John W lindlej, Vlimstei Mm L M n gan, Choir Dircctoi Nanev Young, Organist 9 30—Student Cla«s taught by Di Goidon H Ci e\ es 10 30—Moininp t o sliip Seimon tin mo ‘ RcsjionsiLili'y 6 00—Sunda. Lteiiim Cull)
Hahnensteii Alloiight
I me Kc m u d L E
Tetrault Talks On Cellulose
Di P A Tetiault will speak on “Ihe Bacteiial Decomposition oi Cellulose” befoie an open meeting of the Umveisitv Biological Society in loom 111 of Stanley Conltei Hall, at 4 p m Alonaay Amil 12 Di Tetiault has supeitised seveial thesis on iccomposition ot cellulose by bactei la He w ill i c view his studies m the subject at this time and will show the piac tical applications of these studies
West I ilacette B.pun Ciiinth Coinei o (, h i'nee anciCilumiii Im\e cmi J B Gicison pastoi 9 j"! n Kogci iViil .ns Poi i dation class houi jO 15 1 m ’’'Ion ng chiich woi ship So mon by tnc pistol The Soldici Who Believsd i Jesus” VIusic by the chon diieetcd b\ I%uh Giuvc Piicc Oiganist, khu / I oil iso Reppei t 5 30 p m Rogei Williams Loun dation fellow ship houi and iippei 6 30 )) m Ro'Cl Williams I onn ill 10 1 loium houi Fnsigii William \ ]\f ingei will speak
Music Organizations Will Hold Banquet Honoring Graduates
Pi Kappa Phi
social fiateinity the initiation of the nign Thomas Alleman, Heights, Ohio, Donald
announces follow mg Cleveland Gammie,
LaGiange Illinois, John Hing.i, Ft Wayme, Robeit Goodenough, Fiedonia, New Yoik, Lojen Biggs, Valpaiaibo, Geoigc loidan, Bloom ington, Illinois, Chailes Rahhan, Ivendallville, Jim Lenahan Vm cennes, Richaid Shaw Univeisilv Heights, Ohio, Fied Schweii, It Wayne, John Gumppei, Ft Wayne, Benny Williams, Niles, Michigan, .ind Louis Caldcielli, Raton, New Mexico
AlphaZeta
agiicultuial honoiaiv held then annual lyitiation banquet last night foi twelve new initiates The piogtam consisted of cntcitain merit bv Bill Rothenbeigci accoin pained by Dave Simpson at the piano and an addiess by Pi of K E Beetion on new impiovcmcnts in the field of agionomv New initiates aie J F Ackciman, H R Bciiy, G J flodicHci, R A Mack, H J Alichacl, D J Millei, C R Mvcis, G R Mycis, F Pondei, W' If Pope D A Ray, H D She)wood and H J Wolfe
In honoi of the scinois in the I niveisity Musical Oiganiz.itions, the annual spiing banquet y\ill bo hold next Sunday evening at 5 p m in the Uiion Albeit P Stiyyait, Dnectoi ol Musical Oi gani/ations, IS to 1)6 m.isfci ol eeicmonies Rescivafions foi the dinnei should 1)0 made with Mis Buigei in the Music Office beloio Satm
(lay noon
Mcmbcis ol the Fxecutive comnittee y\ill be announced anti man agcis foi th( Uniyeisity Chon, Univeisity Oichestia Conceit ( boil and the Glee Club yvill be ap pointed Dining the couisc of the piogi un the Senioi Vyy.ud yyill be picscntcu to th it scnioi yvho has co’iti ibuLcd most to Musical Activ ilic (iuiing his colRgc c.ueoi Last Deccmbc) Richaid H Biiflington \ as 11 c 1 cci)) cut
(Continued fiom pieceding issue) Poi the tiainmg of non commissioned pil(3ts theie is the Flight Seigeant’s School opened m 1938 .lumoi middle school giaduatcs aie admitted Aftei thiee months ot militaiy tiaming the cadets begin then flying lessons yvhich also last toi thiee yeais in thiee stages ’Ihey become first class flight pii vates upon gi.iduation tioni the
school
Foi the tiaining of qualified mechanics theie IS an An Foice Mech lineal School opened in 1932 ad mitting only those yyho have had piactical expellencc in leion.uitical iactoiios 3 ho school has also an advanced division loi the tiaining ol aeioiiaiitic.il cngineeis Only col lege giaduatcs y^ho majoicd in acion.iutical mechanic il elcctiicil Ol civil eiigineciint, aie qualified to sit ioi ihe examinations Bcsi les these schools the Chinese An Foicc has ma niaincd since 19)9 special classes Nn .dvanetd tinning in vaiious blanches—piusuiL, .ttick, bombaidment i nho, gunnciy ol) SCI va I ion and iivmition Since 1941 gliding has liocn nop ulaii/ed yy ith gic.it vigoi Ihe Na tional (didin^ Association yy is cst.iblnhcd 111 May 1911 Speci il tiaining classes yveie fust conduct d in Chengtu teaching voung hO((s and gill soaiin and glidin^ on motoiless jilancs A 115 loot jitiia chute jiimjnng toyici yvith lliiec p VI vthulcs Opel linig sunultinco is ly yy is built in Chungking in Apiil 1942 3 ho poDul ni/.ition of 'lid ing and p uchiuiig ys 11 „ivc i yvidci loundation loi the dev^lo) nicnt ot avi tion an 1 the b knn > of .1 stiongci .111 loic in Chi the V V t nd sipi d o i of tne ChiiK Vii To c coi i uoiisl 1)0 ill ed 11(1 sii.ieu tl 1 in incsc> 11C..1 ini/c(l and moani/cd c )J nns ind tame! th( bks fhcii i. ticks 1 ulc it possible toi ill Ghi nese ‘louid toicis to ..on old to llicii po it ions ilon_ the tion Tic Cnmojc \n Poiccdocs lot ein i age ihe ‘ace si, ,t( m n (i ill pci son d lecoids no closcU guaidcd as mihtaiy scc’''ts K is bclicy ed that lionn bclon s to I’lc en lu tone and no’ to individiiils The motto 01 tlm C A r IS Quility lust” ind yynosc ti iinm.. is snmt lust Anothei ottnoted slo in in Chinese aviation schools le.uls Oui bodies . nd planes yyill ci ish y ilh enemy jiositions ” Cufields Foi Ailic, Anothei impoitant step txkcn by the Chinese loi the Allied cause is tlie constiutcion ot ncyy infields uid the impiovement oi existing ones 0 thvt the Allied An Poices can li.iyo moic bases Ini itlack on la pan pi 01)01 Adv meed fields y\ilh iindei^iound futl and bomb depots dot all Chinese piovinces M i]()i li.ises in the i c n pi oy inec ai e sti a tegically placed and .u c yycll eon stiuctod although I'cvoid ol picten tioiis hangaib and iboye .^loimd
JhiL ^xdimiqs. ppAt
of All Floyv and An Flow Separa-
tion,” yvas shown
The film was the pioduct of the National Advisory Committee on Aeionautics after experiments yvith wings in a smoke tunnel It showed the an stream as lines of smoke and hoyv they pass over a yving, a lotat mg cyhndei, a plane surface, and
a iiveted snif.ice
The awards were made by Piofossoi H G Venemann of the School of Mechanical Engineeiing
GEI 10th
No meeting of GEI Salurdav April —KNAPF
Notices
Machine Design Courses All drawers m desks in drawing rooms must bo vacated and left unlocked by Apiil 21 It will be b-irj to remove equipment left aftei that time The department cannot be responsible
for oquipmont so icmoved
— AULT
Skull and Crescent New initiates who
As the angle of have not pud initiation fee must
IHOSE GRADES BLUES Students at UCLA have been yvondoimg just yvheie then giades (lisappcaied to since the end of the scmestci They don’t mind the do lay exactly, but they yvish they kneyy the exact date ol lelease so they could condition then parents to the shock of yvai time giades The explanation foi the lateness m the giade icpoits yvas that each ic poll card had to have a photostatie copy made ot it—Dailj Brum
h R
lost—V I RACK MAN The tiack coach at the AIissouii School of Minos is yvoiideiing yvheic his supposed ton second dash man yycni to 3 his mysteiious peison yvalkod into t!ie coach’s ofhee and said th it he could do the hundied yaid (lash in ten seconds M''hen the next meeting ol the ti.ick team yyas held the neyy dash man didn’t Mioyv up noi h IS lie put in an api)e..iqnce since — Ihe Mis ouii IVlinei
E 1»
W VNll D—POLL M VICHERS Noithyyestoin Unive sity stu dents had the time oi then lives last 3uesda\( y hen they yvciq made offici il poll yy itchcis duiuig tlie city eleiiion J ho students voio pi iced ai the ‘bid’ polls vO check on the accuiaej' ol the voter Bad” pie cincts aie one yyhmh shoyyed a yoting majoiity ot ton to one — D.nlj Noithncstein
L P
111 KL DRIVING Men beis of the Mb i lianspoita ion Po'u' lu Beikelcy Cil hive 1 c n quit ly humpin., then heads .g list (he V ill The leisoii seem, to be th lu '■uidents yyl o fill then ( is yy 111 Inends oi guests to go ho 1 on’ into the boaid lequests lo! Lxtia IS Joi non ploasuiceliiv III the students the chaiimin ot the 1)0 ud Slid just don’u seem to 1 noy' tie difleience betyveen biisi ness and pleasine (hiving—1 he D.iilj (alitoi'iian
I P
MIAIS III! MOKD Sliulents at Kent St le Umvei luj y oie told that it y is vo>y un jiitiioiie to tiik to the limy an eie vs siiLiontl on tlm eaminis altci (jUicL 1 ou s ind (hit di istie things yvoukl h iqien uiiks-, (lie piaciiec yv •- stooped
attack IS inci eased, the lifting poyvei ol the surface mciegses up to a ceitam point At this point, the stalling point, the lifting power chops off suddenly, and diag in-
cieases
Sections of the film weie taken in sloyv motion and shoyved how the stieam changed as the velocity inci eased A ltd the piesontation of this him, the meeting yvas closed
yVtstmin-itcr Girls The last meeting of the pitbcnt term will be held m the church louiigi 220 North St Supper berved at D 20 p m Ruv Findley will conclude the vearb program with a talk on Religious Kebponuihilitieb Ihe theme thioughout the vuai h lb been 1 ho P irt the Chustian Wom-
an Plays in thi World Today
All Women Students All petitions for a position on the Y W Cabinet sohuld bt lift in the Y W C A box at the west dusk by 4 p m Fiiday PACKARD '
Skull and Crescent Actives 1 S(L Gilkspiu It Beta house
—THOMA Paddles are ROBERTS
lau Beta Pi Shingles foi summer ihss aic available Set Seddon it 260 SL Caiv Hall Fall class set St CUiu at Iiianglc house toi Ihtir shingles —ShDDON
Tau Bela Pi Important business meeting immedi itelv alter initiation Thursday April 11 Must I nuw wheie membtis will be next MimslC -WENDELL
Camera Club Ihose who bad pietuies in the exhibit ni ly get them it the vv st desk - HAV WARD
thristinn loundation Llection of Founditioi oil 1(1 rs will bi held Sunday morning loium will le eliel d Sunday evening
Fehring
Newman Club Monthly bii ikfasl m St Miiys ludit iium on Sunliy Apiil 11 after (lit ) 20 Miss Bt tlur to h( ii in innounceincnt conctinim, i i itnie t i S it urdiy 4.1111 1" ■—AUI T
Cbnsli in 1 oiindation Bieycle hike to n itlh Gi unis in plate of usual meeting t,i ips will If i\t 121 S Giant SI at 2 p m
-FLACK
(Coiilinued fiom page 3) 3h.it s.imo Itiil he letuined to the Boilcimdkci school to accept a po sition as tiosh basketball and foot oall coach ind assistant baseball coach lhat all happened in 1914, the yeai Dutch giaduated Since that time m iddition to his duties as coach Dutch has found time to acquiie tyvo .idditional degieos tiom this Univeisity, a Bacheloi and Vlistei’ m Physical Education Pie giaduated yvith a (legiee in science, . nd still m addi tion Dutch has spent a summei at NYU and five summei s at Stan told yvoiking on .i doetoi’s degico yhich c has completed except toi
the thesis
Not vet have yve exhaustod oiii
All Students Condition il will Ic htld on Mindiy Aj i j,0Z fiom 8 i m ni til 11 3 n
-SANOl RS
Gold Pepper Pltdircs and Actives Meet at W m ns G>m it 1 10 p m Saturday April 10 f 1 hike t W\A cabin Notity Mar- ^ a Y > nv ’ 6n before Saturday mornlilt it \ u ire <1 ue not coming GALBRAITH
Tee Gee Mectii will be luld lndi\ Ajiil ) in locm 1 t f th Uni n il i‘ i r summei \m11 b( mid Vote on due cvcniri}-. meftinfrs uill 1m held lUl/
Cosmopolitan ( lul) me tir e. r 11 I y 111 Urn n
}mi
it nt 1 i m s‘ m 101 1 til DOl\
Zouaves A 1 m ml < jncine I hu ln\ A] i Arnioiy bulletin bo u \m11 b ( Lett Iv ( nt I
Mshmtr to J ) n ^ siei list n imidiatt CJ t tl 1 il ins 1 CI OSS
Classified Ads
Delta Rho K ippa
itioi In
I m il init
1 ( f Unim
HL ind lx. tun of liUeeis imme h tel
nnti iti( n At I nnti tun b uhiik t will bi JWLfr,
Kid in Oil Che tnut R m Di ( rl v < f the Chtm Oc p n tment will be LUe t speal e i
BOSMA
Typewriters Aiblinr maemnes all makes sold leiited rtpaired and purchased Mimeo-j-r iph woik done ( I Lbershoff, 605 Main,
Latayette 1 lione I 70
Monev to I oan On diamonds watches, Mb Iukk typewnteis Alberta Loan
to ( C ( lumbia
All Wo
Clued n utnit ofTie pie IS j.,11 on it t) the olTiee mm <
Students It >ou hue not s i\ it s sh I turn th AWS
fill it out and retui n I Iv MURPHY
anted—St id( nts to diliv r Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent otliee or call R H.
kictplinf 81 1
I ostm in 1 1
^Iido iul< Rew ir i
in Musical Hall Friday 1 hone V olci 5071
Glider ( lul) 11 it th
li8t of accomplishments by Dutch piomptv n i to ji m
Pchimg theie is one inoie Dutch locently made it tyvo in a loyv yyhiii ho yvhipped Sammy Voinofl to take the all campus squnsh toiiinament
. gam tins > u..ii
Airpoit Satuiday Ol the Debris pie SAI ISBURY
Lost—One K 1 hi C ill i i ikl 1
It}. Lok Docitrif? Slide in 8407 Reward
POMM Binniut t r p m Wedncsdiv Apnl 11 in Umoi All mernbeis i 1 inning (.< itlend sie.n slieet on idv inee cour < 1 i IkLi I b n 1 in Ain li 1- ly Chipin yc ui
ft eeiitb befoK Moiul ly < \ enini,
—BOSMA
V, anU( slntt Me
Mil h styl Il women s
buvcle with ffear Call Mast 7264
Woul 1 Ilk les i r ( < iiM ler fi ilei nitv H ill
nif' out of Cary Hall f 1 summer teim WiU C ill Room 107 Caiy
Pi A Elections
(Continued fiom page 1) Pha- niacist Day IS becretaij Sccietaiv oi the PI A. yyill bo Hcinictta Davi, a incmboi ot the Snoemakei Co op House She is m hei sixth s'^mestei and in tlie School ol Home Leonom ts Beiore her election to the PL' boaid as secio t.uy ‘'he served in that capacity on the '^CiV Boaid Installation of the iicyv ofiiccis yyill tike p! icc at a b uiouet in the Ln on next Wednesday at 6 j) m The neyv oliictis v ill 1.1 e ovei tin n duties Mondry A] iil 19 .it yyhieh time Limy y 11 ii tciyiey/, yvith the aid ot the old otFeeis those yyho rie ])etitioning loi the vinous .p pointed |obb o i the PIA Poud Ih(' two gioups ol ofTctis ol ! ind nev yyill then clioo e the sL ift ioi tlie 1 oaid s next two emesicis acuiv iLios
Every Time At Bat!
Our WALDORF Micro-Thin Blade is a Champion —- It conquers the stiffest kind of beard opposition. Every swing of the razor will be a safe hit with you when you use WALDORF. Try one today—not a foul in a package!
tiuctuies With picks and spades the Chinese Ir nuis yyhosc toie J ithei s built tin Gi e it W ill ind (ui the Gi ind C mil *10(1 ly build an field) th u y\ill one day nye is s|)iii bonds loi leiixl att iclus .ig mist Japrii yVIitidy'’ tlie ■'.due ot Chinese liast s is stcpjim., stones toi Allied bombeis has liec ii lecog Hi ed as y\cll is J qi.uiese leadeis
Coed Bo’W'hTig Toissa’samcEit S.ituidaj Apiil to K ip|) 1 Ix ipp.i (i.imm i y s
50 FOR
iC
micro-thin made in u s a
\i D( Il I Al')h I ( 111 Ol 1C
VIph I
standard Double edge Riuor
I VS Pi Beil Phi
When you've tried one, you'll want a season's ticket for WALDORF.
YOUR SECTOR
Personnel Motes
('oinpuiKs eie(ul((It( visit the eami) n K( \ 51 uitattunn ( o Int Iiidi.iii.ipoli Indian i—\|)iil9 Intsi ested in A)) i! oi Au„u t ML, PSP Reteit ( opiiti A Bi iss Ine , Roiik \ 3 Apnl 10 Jnleic ted 111 Ml (111 5I(tJ I sso 1 ahoiafolKs, Baton Rbuge, ■ ouisi ui i A))iil 1) ]nt( listed iii 01 ^ nil ( Ik nil t
Everything for a College Ediiralinn DEAC’S
WALDORF On sale only at..t
Is Trumps In Any Hand!
ctefo.
Keep Yoor Appearance Up Wiitiou! Letting Yoor Coontry
Dowhi
ro3vii
Buy War Bonds
IDK'Ci , li on
1 ad J
1 V
And Stamps
II ( \l) th Al 1( I 1( Ul hoc 1 !( i S( J’lolj Ol J i; M.iitill j()i iuitlur d( t ul
V^om Zo3 4.mietM Enaminn
deaiiinji; will iiol only improve jojir Personal Appearance, bill will preserve ihe fabric, too. Yon serve wlien yon eonserve. Clean elollies Iasi longer.
Crown Laundry
FUSE DRY CLEANING
)•
V-’