SriiE PurjCiuc TSxaanextt
t. i ^ u
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MAY 14, 1937
NUMBER m
Lower Chem School Grade Requirements Grade requirements demanded of this year’s freshmen for entrance to the chemical engineering school next fall, have been lowered slightly, according to Professor J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school. Earlier this year freshmen were told that they must make at least an “A” grade in chemistry 1, if they had had high school chemistry, or if they had not, a “B” grade in chemistry 2, for admittance to the chemical engineering school. Students taking chemistry lA and 2A were to receive at Jeast a “B” in both for admission. Requirements Professor Bray said yesterday that these requirements had been lowered recently, and that now, regardless of high school chemical education, all that was required was a minimum grade of ‘'B” in both chemistry 1 and 2 or lA and 2A, but that a qualifying examination would be given early this fall to this year’s freshmen, desiring to specialize in this school, and those not passing the examination would not be admitted. Furthermore, Professor Bray added that if a student made a “P” in first semester chemistry and an “A” or “H” the second semester he would be admitted, but under no condition would a student who made an “A” or “H” the first semester and a “P” the second, be admitted. 170 Freshmen It is estimated that there will be about 170 of this year’s freshmen specializing in chemical engineering next fall, although the number can not be definitely determined until the grade reports from this semester’s chemistry classes are received.
Former Exponent ^ort Editor Obtains Position Leonard .Wood, Jr., outgoing sports e^ijtor of the Exponent, has accepted a position with the American Rolling Mills at Middletown, Ohio. He has been prominent in the following campus activities: Gimlet, Scabbard and Blade, Sigma Delta Chi, Ghi Epsilon and Phi Kappa Psi social fraternity.
TKA Initiates 7 At Banquet Ceremonies At a banquet last night in the Memorial Union Building, Tau Kappa Alpha, national forensic honorary, held its initiation ceremonies for the following persons: Elizabeth Maier, Mary Wien, Wayne Fredericks, Robert M. Sasser, Robert Buckles, Joe Rittenhouse, and Robert Horn of the speech department. Following the initiation an election of officers was held at which Wayne Fredericks was chosen president; Robert M. Sasser, vice-presi-dent; Mary Wien, secretary-treas-urer; and Leland S. Winch, faculty advisor. Those present besides the new initiates were Alan Monroe, P. E. Lull, and the retiring officers, Robert Royster and Charles Petticrew. During the discussion which followed the dinner, Royster delivered an oration condemning the present system of debate. Suggestions were given for improvement of debating.
Noted Explorer To Address Sigma Xi J. F. Stone, chairman of the Ohio State University board of trustees, and a noted explorer and lecturer, will present a lecture, illustrated with motion pictures and slides, on “Canyon Country: The Romance Of A Drop Of Water And A Grain Of Sand,” at an open meeting sponsored by Sigma Xi, research honorary, to be held May 19 at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. The lecture is to follow the initiation ceremonies of Sigma Xi. Stone headed the first major expedition by boat through the Grand Canyon of the Colorado River, in 1909; 68 days were required for the completion of the trip.
2,400 ROTC Cadets Participate In National Review; Students, Faculty, Officers Attend Inspection Banquet
Cover Designs Due May 17 To the five students submitting the best cover designs for the Purdue Engineer, will be awarded a free subscription to the magazine. All entries must be turned in by May 17, and the winners will be announced later that week. The design must be drawn on 9x12 paper and the color scheme must consist of black with one other color. A space about 6x6 inches must be left blank to accommodate an illustration. Contestants may call the Engineer office for further information.
Undergraduate Dames Elect Broecker, Stromm An election of officers for the Undergraduate Dames Club was held Tuesday, May 11. The newly elected officers are Mrs. Carlton Boecker, president; Mrs. Stanley Stromm, vice-president; Mrs. T. Steaker, treasurer; and Mrs. Donald Davis, secretary.
Ag Students, Staff Plan Annual Fish Fry, Entertainment Tonight the farm management students and staff will hold their second./annual fish fry at Griffin’s cabin. The cabin is located on a farm along the Wabash River, about 10 miles below Lafayette. Trans portation will be provided for those attending, by cars which will leave Agriculture Hall at 4:30 p. m. A program consisting of baseball, horseshoes, and singing has been arranged for the entertainment. J. B. Kohlmeyer, of the farm management staff, will fry the fish for the evening, offering a selection of catfish and jacksalmon, with rye bread, buns, and coffee, and popcorn for sidedishes. Tickets, priced at 35 cents, may be purchased of the farm management office in the Annex, or from J. A. Dilts, R. H. Chinn, G. W. Freemyer, or R. C. Ziegler. About 75 students and staff members are expected to attend.
Theta Xi The Theta Xi fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Harold Hanke, president; FreO Ahrens, secretary; John Senne, treasurer; Charley Richards, senior steward; Robert Stroup, junior steward; and Percy Bryant, corresponding secretary.
Tug~Of~War Teams Battle For New Trophy-Rope Medal
By J. S. Brown Medals, cups, trophies, buckets, plaques, keys—^they’re all the rage nbw. Whenever anyone wants to get something done, he just offers a cup or a similar piece of gold or silver-plated hardware as a reward and the success of the enterprise is assured. At least so reasoned Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting honorary, and as a result the campus’ latest and most distinctive award will be made this Saturday. Rope Medal This trophy, which will be known as the “Rope Medal,” will not be awarded for achievement in such fields as play-writing, public speaking, journalism, or scholarship, but will be a symbol of the University’s most virile manhood. It will be given to the winning team in the stu-dent-faculty tug-of-war contest, to be held at the Spring Spree this Saturday afternoon at Ross Camp. The victors will keep and cherish it
until next year’s Spree, when they will again have to prove their su perior strength. The trophy itself is a piece of very stout rope about eight inches long, mounted on a dark-stained oval board, with a plate below, upon which will be inscribed the names of the winning teams each year. Miller Confident Prof. “Bill” Miller, captain of the challenging faculty pulling squad, was jubilant yesterday when told of the award. He said, “That trophy will sure look fine in the hall of the M. E. Building. We need a few more plaques over there, and this one will help out a lot.” The captain of the student team, whose name is not for publication, could not be reached last night, but reports have it that an intensive practice and signal drill has been scheduled for this afternoon on the secret practice field.
Bendix And Simpson Begin Research T erm Vincent Bendix, head of the Bendix Aviation Corporation, South Bend, and R. A. Simpson, of the Simpson Orchard Company, Vincennes, were elected for first term to the Board of Directors of the Purdue Research Foundation, during a meeting of the Foundation held at the University yesterday. Other members of the board remaining in office are: Dr. E. C. Elliott, president; R. B. Stewart, sec retary-treasurer; G. S. Meikle, pro-gram-director; and W. H. Winterrowd. ^ In addition to the elections, the meeting featured the annual report on research, as submitted by Director Meikle, which told of progress in a number of important fields of research.
WSGA,YWCA Meet Today Tuesday, May 18, a joint mass meeting of the W. S. G. A. and Y. W. C. A. will be held in the Home Economics Building auditorium at 4:16 o’clock. Since this is the last mass meeting for the year, Betty Ann Stewart, newly elected president of W. S. G. A., urges all girls to attend. The vocational guidance committee, under the direction of Dorothy Martenet; transfer committee, supervised by Louise Bain; and orientation committee, directed by Georgianna Hubler, will make reports on the plans for next year. A movie on last year’s Geneva, Wis., conference will also be presented to show the activities of the conference, which this year will be given from June 21 to 29.
By-C. Harper, Jr. ■ Wits flashed and wits clashed amid the scent of roses last night at the annual Corps Inspection Banquet in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building as they always do when President E. C. Elliott acts as toastmaster. Army officers proved that their voices were big when they began to speak, and then proved that their wits were even bigger as they continued. Purdue’s Corps was lauded to the heavens by distinguished guests from army and civil life, and the guests, themselves, were justifiably praised in their introductions. No Dogs! “What Purdue lost in dogs, the Cavalry has lost in sparrows,” said Colonel W. W. Fest, representative of Major General William Cole, the commander of the Fifth Corps Area, in his response to Presideilt Edward G. Elliott’s statement of the absolute absence of dogs in the inspection yesterday. This again was objected to by Major Buerket, when he said that the toastmaster was not very observant in noticing that his dogs were barking as he ended his tour of the third and fourth regiments. Col. West flew here from Columbus, O., with Col. W. B. Wright and will fly to Ft. Knox in Kentucky today. The toastmaster introduced the appropriate smoke that flashes in the air before the report of the noise as designated by the response of the ensuing speakers as the pro gram and evening lengthened out into one of the most impressive and interesting banquets ever staged in the Memorial Union Building, unit which started in ' From 60 To 2,400 Cadet Colonel G. W. Martin briefly sumAarized the history of the University R. 0. T. C. unit which started in 1856 with an infantry unit. The Corps has grown from the original 60 men to the present size of over 2,400 men in Field Artillery. (Continued on page 4)
Cadet Colonel Glenn W. Martin, commander of the University R. O. T. C. corps, who directed yesterday’s review. Expressing his own opinion of the inspection Martin stated, “Every man in the corps should be proud of the review showing. It was a success due to hard work and cooperation on the part of each man. The senior officers can look back with pride on their achievements, knowing that they have left a record for future classes to shoot at.”
President Elliott Toastmaster For Literary Banquet President Elliott will act as the toastmaster for the annual literary banquet, which is to be held to honor the literary accomplishments of students for the year. The banquet will be given May 22 in the Memorial Union Bulding. The principal speaker for the dinner will be William Allen White, editor and author from Emporia, Kans. At this time, prizes for various literary contests will be given. These include awards for the best collection of books and the best short play, poem, short story, informal essay, and historical essay. Tickets for the banquet, which is open to the public, may be purchased at the Memorial Union office, the English department office, at Deac’s, and Southworth’s in West Lafayette, .and Decker’s in Lafayette.
Chi Omega Mothers’ Club Meets And Elects At the last meeting of the Chi Omega Mothers’ Club held May 9, the following officers were elected for the coining year: Mrs. 6. R. Tubbs, president; Mrs. G. A. Merritt, vice-president; Mrs. Charles Bradshaw, secretary; and Mrs. F. W. Oliver, treasurer.
Dr. Zachariasen Lectures Tonight Widely known because of his research works in the field of crystal structure. Dr. W. H. Zachariasen, of the University of Chicago physics department, will deliver a lecture tonight at 7:30 in the lecture room of the Physics Building. Dr...Zachariasen’s subject will be “The Structure Of Oxygen Radicals In Crystals.” He has done considerable work on this special topic and will discuss some things he has discovered in regard to it. For several years Dr. Zachariasen was associated with Professor Goldschmidt at the University of Oslo in Norway. At another time he was with the University of Goettingen. In addition to his work on crystals, he has made many important contrbutions to the theory of structure of glasses.
Zouaves Perform At Illinois Rifle Meet Members of the Zouave Squad gave a special demonstration at the Pershing Rifle Meet which was held in the Armory at the University of Illinois Friday evening. The squad left here at noon Friday in six of the military departments trucks and returned here late in the afternoon Saturday. One of the features of the drill was the formation of the letters “P” and “I”. The Rifle Meet was won by the University of Kentucky who nosed out the University of Illinois by the close score of 98 1-4 to 97 3-4.
The University of Wisconsin’s new president, Clarence Addington Dykstra, will be the principal speaker in a radio broadcast over the blue network of the National Broadcasting Company from 9:30 to 10 p. m., central standard time, May 19.
Senate May Issue Questionnaire Yesterday the officers of the Student Senate and Dr. Gunn, of the modern language department and chairman of the convocation board, discussed the possibility of cooperation between the senate and the convocation board on a questionnaire. The questionnaire is to determine what type of convocation the students like and want.
All-Agronomist Club Plans Picnic Members of the faculty and stP dents taking agronomy will hold an all-agronomy picnic tomorrow afternoon at the Soils and Crops Farm Grove. Transportation will be furnished those wishing it. Tickets for the picnic are priced at 25 cents for students and 30 cents for faculty members. A varied program has been arranged for the group including a baseball game between the faculty and students, competitive games between the faculty members and students, and other outdoor sports. Those desiring transportation are asked to meet in front of Agricultural Hall at 2:30 p. m. All students are invited to attend this picnic.
“I saw a fine, beautiful review. The R. O. T. C. students looked like soldiers, dressed like soldiers, and snapped into it in a fine military style.” These were the impressions Major General R. N. Tyndall, National Guard officer, expressed after rtvitwjig ilie - 'y R. C.T. C. corps on Russell Field yesterday afternoon. Martin Drills From 1:30 to 3:30, Cadet Colonel Glen Martin put the 2,400 cadets through, their paces—close order? drill, calisthenics, command drill, and inspection. The whole spectacle was planned to give the reviewing officers an idea of the ability and training of the corps. Reviewing Party Members of the reviewing party included: Major peneral Tyndall, who as ranking officer, took the review; Lieutenant Colonel Carlos Brewer, P. M. S.* & T. at the University; and Indiana’s LieutenantGovernor, Henry F. Schricker. Major Stuart McLeod, of LafayettOt and Major George Buerket, representing the reserve officers of the fifth corps area, were the inspecting officers. Other army officers present at the review were: Colonel Sherburne, of Indianapolis, Colonel West, representing Major General Cole, who is commander of the Fifth Corps Area, and Colonel Bassett, president of the Indiana Reserve Officers Association. Colonel Bassett Colonel Bassett remarked concerning the review, “From a military standpoint it was the best Purdue review I ever saw. During the three hours I saw only two men move while standing at attention.” The inspecting officers. Majors McLeod and Buerket, will send a report of their inspection to the commander of the fifth cori>s area. After a rating is given then it is sent to Washington for approval, so that it will be at least two wedca before the University corps rating for this year can be published. (Continued on page 4)
Determine ‘Best Soldier’ Tomorrow From the University R. O. T. C. corps of 2,400 students, five freshmen and five sophomores will be chosen as “best soldiers” at 1:30 tomorrow by members of Scabbard and Blade, military honorary fraternity. Chosen aS best by practical and theoretical competitive tests, these 10 students will be awarded medals and citations. The next five freshmen and sophomores will also receive citations. The best soldier contest is sponsored annually by Scabbard and Blade to promote interest in the corps, and is open to all basic student.
Poetic Pastimes Disturb Lafayette Postal Officials
By C. R. Schroeder “Roses are red, violets are blue, send this letter to Mary Lou Blue, 2020 Washington Ave., Littleburg, Ark.” Clever, some people might say, but if you were a postal employee and had to read poetxy like this before you could determine where a letter was addressed to, you would soon lose whatever love you had ever possessed for poems. Lyric Addresses Some self-made Longfellow in the University insisted on stamping some such lyric on every letter that he wrote. Finally the Assistant Postmaster, Robert Connolly, of Lafayette, could stand it no longer. Since the letters possessed no return addresses he took the privilege of opening one of the poet’s envelopes to see if a retm*n addi'ess was in the letter. He found the return address and sent the letter back, with a note saying that the letter would have to be addressed cor-
rectly before it would be delivered. This made the letter writer very angry and he threatened to go to Postmaster Jim Farley to protest against his mail being opened. Stamps Cover Envelope The local jmstmaster heard no more about the case but the same student was soon in action again. This time he had the border of the envelope completely covered with stamps; and just to show how irritated he was with the postal service the rest of the letter was addressed exactly according to postal regulations, special paim being taken to measure the distance between the lines with a ruler. Of course with the large number of stamps this letter took about twice as long to cancel. Correct Letters The assistant postmaster wrote to Washington to find out just what (Continued on page 3)|Spfsv4‘'-"^r ¥ 'p-'’'" '■' ’ '"’ • , "' ^’ ' 'Bfcge 1^^y6 ', ,~ ;
THE PtJKDtJE EX^ONlEN^
f it
3 K
uV
11 If
is I i| 1
tKfie Purbue exponent
Founded In 188S
I
Bntered as second ■Mil. $8J>0 per rear;
class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered hr delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by a single copy. 2 cents.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BoslneBB Phone 60S8
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF R. P. Manion
.J. E. Brock
Associate Editors
D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Business Manager Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager.... Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF D. C. Miller J. P. Girard w. j. cniiian R. R. Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor..^. Associate EMitors
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, R, L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue
Editor—G. Mueller
A Splendid Review No one observing the annual inspection of the Purdue R. 0. T. C. unit yesterday could help experiencing a wave of patriotism and a feeling of pride for the University military department as some two thousand students, dressed like soldiers and behaving like soldiers, marched onto Intramural Field,/ passed before the reviewing stand, and performed certain exercises. Undoubtedly the review was the best from a military standpoint ever presented by the University unit. In his four years as P. M. S. & T. at Purdue, Lieutenant Colonel Brewer has well upheld the record of his predecessors. Last year’s “Excellent” rating, the highest obtainable, extended the corps’ record to thirteen straight, and we are certain that yesterday’s inspection, the last under Lieutenant Colonel Brewer, will carry the record over the unlucky number. Credit for the excellent performance yesterday goes to Cadet Colonel Glen Martin, brigade commander, to his staff, and to every man in the corps, as well as to the military department itself. An Open Letter To Dan Rohyans student Senate President Dear Mr. Rohyans: Although this is a bit belated, we still want to congratulate you on your election to the presidency of the Student Senate. The Exponent will be glad to cooperate with you during the coming year. You entered the Senate only last fall, but your work has shown up well there. You were especially valuable to your organization during the past eight months for your work in revising the constitution of the Student Federation into the new constitution of the Student Senate. We were pleased with your acceptance speech for the presidential nomination the other night—both for its sincerity and its content. You suggested a number of good ideas: of obtaining coordination among the Senators by holding a social get-together early in the year for getting acquainted; of inviting President Elliott or some member of the faculty to address the organization at its first meeting to tell what the Senate is and what it can do; of promoting closer relationships between the faculty and students; and of drawing up a chart to show how much work each Senator does. The last proposal would provide a sort of merit basis for election of officers for the Senate. As you said a similar plan is being used by the Student Union and seems to be operating successfully. Some faculty members of the University may perhaps tell, you that it is futile to attempt to excite the Student Senate to action. They may tell you that student organizations have very little power—^that the University is controlled by the President, the trustees, and the faculty. Of course they are right. The Senate, because of the short tenure of its officers and its consequent lack of continuity in policy, can do little to affect slow-moving, carefully planned changes in the administrative set-up of the University. There is, however, a certain sphere where your organization can exercise considerable power; that is among the students themselves. If you can get enough student opinion back of you, you can even influence the administration; it lends an ear to the needs and desires of the students. —^The Exponent. Hydrogen And Progress Since the recent Hindenburg disaster the old controversy regarding the use of helium or hydrogen for lighter-than-air craft has been renewed. Freshman chemistry teaches us that hydrogen is indeed highly explosive and a constant menace as long as there is any possibility of a spark or fire. Helium on the other hand is absolutely non-inflammable. However, a firrther consideration of values reveals that, weight for weight, hyrogen will lift four times as much as helium. And also, hydrogen sells for $2.50 per 1,000 cubic feet, while the present U. S. market value of helium is $8 per 1,000 feet. Thus the relative cost* of hydrogen is only one-thirteenth that of helium. Dirigibles using hydrogen can carry, roughly four times as much load; consequently, smaller, more airworthy craft can be used. The United States has practically a monopoly on helium gas. Only with the consent of our government can any foreign contingent obtain it. Recently great deposits of the gas have been made available in Kansas, Utah, Texas, and Colorado, and the government has partially lifted the ban. Arrangements have been made so that the Germans could have obtained helium if they had wanted it. However, the price quoted them was 30 times as much as the cost of hydrogen. They are attempting to develop tKeir dirigibles into a practical business, and from this standpoint, as long as they believed their safety measures to be adequate, hydrogen was their logical choice. The argument, therefore, simmers down to a conflict between safety and economy. Without a certain measure of both the whole project would fail. Comparing the records of American and German ships we find that the Germans had never lost a man through dirigible accidents until last Thursday. Recalling our Macon, Akron, Shenandoah, and other smaller craft, we certainly can not claim a record equal the German, even though we have used helium. Hydrogen is not explosive unless mixed with air or oxygen; when mixed with nitrogen or some inert gas it is even less dangerous. Using hydrogen, safety measures can be developed to a certain extent, possibly to an almost perfect condition. Using helium, no progress can be made; only a bulky, inefficient airship can be built at best. Even in the face of the Hindenburg disaster hydrogen filled airships point the way to progress.—H. I. S.
DO YOU WANT IT ? 7 7
W. K. Hatt To Deliver Alumni Oration At New Brunswick Graduation. Celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of his graduation from New Brunswick University, New Brunswick, Canada, Dr. W. K. Hatt, retiring head of the school of civil engineering, will deliver the alumni oration today as part of the commencement exercises of that institution. Dr. Hatt left for Canada last Tuesday, and will return in several days He holds his bachelor’s, master’s, and doctor’s degrees from New Brunswick University.
Entomological Society To Have Annual Spring Picnic, Insect Hunt Saturday, May 15, the Thomas Say Entomological Society will give its annual spring picnic in a wooded area south of Lafayette. Here they will collect insects and participate in outdoor sports. The picnic will be free of charge to members of the society who have paid their dues; others will be admitted upon payment of 25 cents to cover the cost for food. Transportation, both to and from the picnic, will be furnished.
Newman Clubs To Meet At Turkey Run Sunday Over 100 student and faculty members of the Newman Club will tom to Turkey Run State Park on Sunday following 6:30 mass at St. Mary’s church. At Turkey Run, they will join with Newman Clubs from several institutions throughout the state to spend the day hiking, swimming, and playing baseball. Meals will be provided by the club. Members wishing to make reservations may do so by phoning A. J. 2eller or J. C. Rapalski.
Eyes of baseball scouts are turned toward the University of Richmond, for Bucky Jacobs, captain and the pitcher of the Richmond team, has just hurled his second no-hit game in two weeks.
TODAY — SATURDAY Double Feature
Beauty Stars in Stage Show
Broadway coming to Lafayette in all its glamorous glitter and splendour. Broadway Passing Show will bring a slice of the Great White Way 1937 Night Life to the Stage of the Mars Theatre Today and Tomorrow. Manhattan entertainment par excellence direct from the world’s playground will be within the reach of everyone at popular prices. You too can be a millionaire and enjoy a real trip to Broadway’s hot spots and a ringside seat for the price of admission. You will be entertained on the Stage by this dazzling Stage Revue in fourteen lavish scenes and forty people in person, swing to the sizzling rhythm of Don Pauli’s Broadway Cavaliers and be thrilled by the alluring and daring Roberta’s presentation of Broadway’s latest craze the sensational “Red Hot and Blue Fantasy.” It is both daring and fascinating. On the screen, George Brent and Josephine Hutchinson in “Mountain Justice.”
-MMIIYTODAY—SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS
Hugh Herbert In “That Man’s Here Again”
ARC
TODAY—SATURDAY
Kermit Maynard In “Valley of Terror” ,—and— Robert Armstrong and Sally Eilers in “Without Orders” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
MaiII
NOW SHOWING They’re Here In Their Gladdest, Gayest Show!
LOOK WHO’S HERE - ON ROLLER SKATES! The queen and king of song and swing ... head over heels in rh^hm 1
FREDASTAiRE
EDWARD EVERETT HORTON • ERICBLORE JEROME COWAN • KEHI GALLIAN WILLIAM BRISBANE • HARRIET HQCTQB
if IRmH
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Oswald’s been pretty conservative since the soap trust started sponsoring his boxes.”
Today —
Tomoriro w ANOTHER OUTSTANDING STAGE and SCREEN
ATTRACTION
Plus—Prices to Suit Everyone
Friday Till 2.00 P. M.
All Seats 25c
Sat. 11:30 A. M.tolP. M.
Thereafter All Seats 30c Till 5:00 P. M. After 5:00, Main Floor, 40c—Balcony 30c—Children 15c (All Day)
Stage Shows at
2:20—5:00—7:30-^10:00
FLASHES OF THE GAY WHITE WAY —Featuring— Bill Telaak Sally Payne Allan Reno “Broadway Playboy Tom, Dick and Harry “Broadway Vagabonds Kelly and Hayes ‘Manhattan Jesters” Betty Saxton “Dynamic Soubrette” Johnny Elliot ‘Rubber Legged Johnny Roberta “The Gorgeous Dancer” The Park Avenue Debutantes The Broadway Cavaliers Torrid Swing Band
-PLUS—
This Outstanding Screen AttractionK,i-
2
!^tidw> ^tiy 1.4< 19$7 - ,..^
rm PtmBUE exponent
;|“i'
'^fi
Three Teams To Compete In Billiard Meet
Starting Friday, Ma^jf 14, and continuing through to Saturday, May 16, a 3-sidefi straight rail billiard tournament will be played off in the Billiard Room of the Union Building. Challenge Cup The visiting teams will consist of representatives from Wisconsin and Indiana Universities. In order to have a complete tournament, three men representing each team, will encounter every other man of the two opposing teams, making a total of 18 games in all. As a trophy, the Challenge Cup, now held by Purdjue, and by Wisconsin during 1934 and 1935, will be awarded to the winner. Incidentally, this is the first time that Indiana has challenged. Expert To Perform At two o’clock Saturday, the series of matches will commence, and will continue through until six in the evening. Mr. Charles C. Pete^ son, champion fancy billiard shots artist will put on one of his spectacular exhibition in the game room where seats have been erected to seat a larger audience. It has been announced that the University team will consist of the following men: R. Kirkpatrick, P. H. Weisman, and Jack Shafer.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Moses vs. Martin or Berg. Munro vs. Monger. Frye vs. Ayer. Breen vs. Morse or Chapline. Cooper vs. Woodson. Hebbler vs. Lentz. Wilson vs. Swinney. Duval vs. Blessing.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT
ADVERTISERS
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phohe 7955 — 8050
standings
—National League— Won Lost Pet, Pittsburgh 14 4 .777 St. Louis 12 7 .6^1 New York 11 8 .678 Brooklyn ll 10 .623 Chicago 10 10 .600 Philadelphia 8 12 .400 Boston 7 13 .360 Cincinnati 6 12 .333 Yesterday’s Results St. Louis, 6; Philadelphia, 4. New York, 6; Pittsburgh, 2. Brooklyn, 6; Cincinnati, 4. Chicago, 8; Boston, 6 (12 innings) —American League— Won Lost Pet. Philadelphia^ 10 6 .667 Cleveland 9 6 .600 New York 10 8 .566 Detroit 10 8 .666 Boston 8 7 .633 Chicago 7 11 .888 St. Louis 6 JO .375 Washington .... 7 12 .368 Yesterday’s Results New York, 4; St. Louis, 2. Detroit, 4; Boston, 0. Washington, 10; Chicago, 2. Philadelphia at Cleveland. Rain.
Schedule Final Events In Ward Track Meet Today
Providing the weather man has not scheduled rain for today, the finishing touches to the Ward track meet should be completed this afternoon. Among the events yet to be run off are the 220 yard dash, the two mile run, 120 yard high hurdles, the half mile run, the high jump, and the broad jump. This will mark the end of this year’s student track meets, since the fraternities have already competed on the cinders. All members of the winning team, and all those who earn five points or more will receive medals as a reward for their achievement.
FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES
TODAY—4:15 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Theta Gfei vs. Phi I^appa Tau. Alpha f'du Omega Vs. Ka^ipa Sigma
This Wkek’s BIG TEN
OF VICTOR RECORDINGS
1.
Carelessly 25564
Kay Thompsoni and her Orchestra
2. Dreamy Eyes 25548
Guy Lombardo and his Orchestra
3. You Showed Me the Way 25565
“Fats” Waller, all rhythm, no vocals
4. Let’s Call the Whole Thing Off 25569
Eddy Duchin and his Orchestra
5. It Looks Like Rain in Cherry Blossom
Lane, Guy Lombardo
6. Nola
Tommy Dorsey 7. Wake Up and Live Tonimy Dorsey 8. I Know Now Guy Lombardo 9. Shall We Dance Paul Whiteman 10. September In the Rain Guy Lombardo
25572 25570
25573
25566
25552
25526
Hear these and your other favorites at McLEAN MUSIC CO
514 MAIN STREET
Purdue Meets Michigan Nine Here Today
By R. L. McDonald Boilermaker ball players will attemiit to fetifie Michigan’s hopes for another Big Ten title today when they meet the Wolverines on the home diamond. With most of the last year’s championship team back in harness this year, Michigan looks destined for the top of the bracket. Arnold Bredewater will probably be called to the mound for the Boilermakers with either his brother, Arthur, or Pat Malaska catching. Michigan’s Coach Ray Fisher will probably start either Herman Fishman, stocky left-hander or John Gee, veteran of three seasons, in the pitcher’s box. Led Big Ten Fishman last year led the Big Ten in earned runs allowed, and is considered one of the best pitchers in the Big Ten this year. Gee will probably be best remembered as the giant Michigan center who gave the Boilermaker basketball team so much trouble in the two encounters last year. LineupThe changes which Coach Fehring has made during the past week in Kis lineup seem to be permanent and it js expected that Ross Dean, who has been shifted to first, the last couple of games, will start at his new position. Malaska may be called in to catch and it is expected that the revamped infield will play at the same posts that they have occupied in the Louisiana Tech contests.
Poetic Pastimes
(Continued from page 1)
could be done about the situation and received the following reply: “Space should be left on the address side of all mail sufficient’for a legible address and for all directions permissible thereon, for postage stamps, for postmarking, rating, and any words necessary for forwarding or returning.” An envelope covered with stamps violated this regulation. With the law on his side the postmaster has made known that in the future no letter with a freak address, poem, or a large number of unnecessary stamps will be delivered. His only worry is that he might break up some romance or friendship by failing to deliver the letters. However, the warning has been issued, so the postmaster is determined to carry out the regulation to the limit.
Virginia Meredith Club Meets Today
Members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will hear Miss Ruth Atwater this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Building auditorium. Miss Atwater is director of the home economics division of the Nationals Canners Corp. Following her talk, “Labeling Commercially Canned Goods And The Food Value Of The Canned Goods,” an election of officers will be held.
Grade School Pupils Inspect University
Yesterday 22 eighth-grade pupils from Highland School in Lake county, made a tour of the University campus and farms under the supervision of Prof. G. M. Frier. A group of 29 students from the Concord High School in Elkhart county, visited the campus Monday. On June 3 and 4, 66 boys who are vocational students at Salem High School, will be here.
Ordinary peat can now be transformed into liquid fuel by a method discovered, after 10 years of experimenting, by Prof. Gustav Kamppa of Oregon State College.
Ken Maynard and ^lyde Beatty are just a few circus performers with whom Virginia May Clarke, University of Chicago freshman, acts. She is a featured dancer with the Cole Brothers’ circus in Chicago.
^ince collegians are supposed to be the most careless drivers, the University of California is conducting a campaign to decjrease the number of automobile accidents involving students.
Dutch and his boys are planning on another big week-end ... playing the tough Michigan nine here today and then moving on to South Bend to battle the Irish Saturday . . . today’s game will be a tough assignment for the Boilermakers . . . . Michigan being represented by one of the best ball clubs they’ve had in years and ranking among the leaders in the Big Ten . . . practically the same team that went through last year’s season with only one defeat to win the conference title . . . —^fc— The track team will also be entertaining at home this week-end with the Chicago squad coming here for a dual meet Saturday ... Lemen seems to get better with every meet . . . should be about due for another record . . . distance men are still going strong and winning many points for Purdue . . . —^fc— Ohio State sends it’s golf team here today to knock the aggravating little white ball around the West Side course with Purdue’s Smith, Anderson, Freese, and David . . . we hope the weatherman was satisfied with cutting Brewer’s review short yesterday and will hold off the rain until the athletes are finished . .. everyone must receive his share of the disappointments though . . . Don Lash, all set to break some records, must remain home from the Cotton Carnival because of an appendicitis attack . . . —^fc— A few of the men down with the Michigan baseball squad will be familiar to the Boilermaker fans . . . Big John Gee, center on the basketball team, is serving his third year on the squad as a pitcher . . . Patanelli, guard on the same squad, IS playing in the outfield . . . they should feel right at home with Malaska behind the plate for the Boilermakers and Downey as the probable pitcher . . . ' —McD.
Golf Team Meets Ohio State Today; Detroit Saturday
All set to sink another victory, the University golf team consisting of John David, Gene Anderson, Bob Smith, and K. Freese will meet Ohio State here today, in two separate matches. Starting at about 9:16, the two teams will play a two-man match at the West Side Country Club. The second match will take place at 2 o’clock in the afternoon, and will be an individual play-off. Following this meet, the team will play Detroit here this Saturday, and will then move on to Evanston, Illinois, to participate in the Big Ten Meet to be held there next Monday, and Tuesday. All the teams in the Big Ten will be present to lend a touch of real battle to this affair.
Don’t eat foods that are supposed to be “good for you” if you can’t stand their taste, says Dr. Ira A. Manville of the University of Oregon. If so-called beneficial food is repellent to your taste, leave it alone or you may develop rheumatism, hay fever, or eczema.
Continue Play In Horseshoe Tourney This Afternoon
The second leg of the inter-frat-ernity horseshoe doubles tournament will be played off this afternoon on the courts east of the Armory. Each fraternity will meet two opponents in continuing the meet which was begun last Wednesday. Several teams were undefeated in Wednesday’s play. Two games have already been played by each of the houses entered. The eight teams with the highest percentage of wins in the four game schedule will play off the championship Monday, BJay 17. Twenty-five participation points are awarded to each team entering and five additional points -will be given to the winner and three to the runner-up.
Begin Faculty Golf Tourney
BASEBALL
—TODAY— Diamond 1— Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Upsilon 2— Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7— Ward 27 vs. Ward 11-a. 8— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 9— Ward 15 vs. Ward 11-x. 10—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega.
FRATERNITY SINGLES
Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
After completing stremtous program for the student body, “Chief” Clevett wasted little time in starting the faculty in competitive sports, and during the next week golf and tennis will be the feature of their sports program. All men who wish to compete in the golf tournament, which starts Monday, May 17, must shoot 18 holes on the public course between Monday and Wednesday, and the department score will be obtained by taking the scores of the three best participants from each department. The two departments with the lowest scores will play a match for the campus departmental championship, and a trophy will be given to the winning team. On the following day, Tuesday May 18, the elimination matches in the faculty singles tennis tournament will get under way. At the present time there are 23 entries. An indiAddual trophy for the winner and runner-up will be awarded.
The John Marshall
LAW
SCHOOL FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD
For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legol subiects, and booklet, "Study of Low and Proper Preparation" address: Edward T. Lee, Dean.
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) Afternoon—3 years 5 days... 4:30-6 30 Evening — 4 years Mon., Wed., Fri.,
6:30-9:20
Post-graduate 1 year..twice a week Practice courses exclusively. All courses lead
to degrees.
Two years' college work required for
entrance.
New classes form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
If It Came to You on a Jeweled Gold Plate
GRAVES’ BREAD Could Be No Better
So sure are we of the freshness and goodness of Graves’ Bread that we are perfectly willing to let you try it for three days, and if you don’t agree with us it will not cost you a cent. We want steady, satisfied customers for a product that we know to be unexcelled. Telephone for a “test” order.
GRAVES’ BAKERY
PHONE 3852
WE LOST OUR LEASE FORCED TO MOVE TO NEW LOCATION
REMOVAL SALE
Hundreds of People Came, Saw, Left with Values
NOW IN FULL SWING!
Never Seen Before. Every Day Merchandise Will Be Regrouped—^Repriced Still Lower. We Want Nothing Left But the Four Bare Walls.
DON’T MISS A SALE WITH A RiASON
THIEME & Wy
ANGERIN GO.
WEST SIDE □
LAFAYETTE, nSD.
- ■ a V ‘yj
■‘‘4.
2 ^
Alil
M--:-
:■/
A
Ji'r
m'
Paige Font
I^E PtmDTJlE 13am
Friday, May 14,1937
Club Notes
Asthetian Club members and their families will meet at the Mudlavia Springs Hotel on Sunday, May 16, at 12 o’clock for a picnic dinner. This is the last meeting of the year.
Tuesday night. May 18 at 6:30, Mrs. Ralph Schaupp will entertain the West Lafayette Musical Club at a steak fry at her home in Riverside Heights. Mrs. Gordon Graves will have charge of the program a:t 8:00 o’clock, which will follow a short business meeting. '
The Kensington Club will hold a children’s party at the home of Mrs. F. L. Walkey at 459 Littleton street, on Friday afternoon. May 21, at 2:30. The children will give the progi’am.
Mrs. A. W. Cole, 736 North Main street, will be the hostess at the concluding meeting of the Monday Club to be held at 2:30 o'clock on May 24. Mrs. Burleigh Davidson will read a paper entitled “After Three Hundred Years.”
Mrs. N. B. Prentice, 20 Waldron street, will entertain the Mothers’ Study Group on Wednesday evening May 19, at 6:30. Mrs. W. 0. Mills will have charge of the pi’ogram.
ROTC Banquet
(Continued from page 1)
Prof. P..E. Lull will read a play at the last meeting of the Twentieth Century Club to be held Thursday, May 20, at 2:30 p. m. in Duncan Hall.
WBAA
11:00—Principles of Sociology, Mr. T. K. Noss. ll:50-^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, J. L. VanCamp, W. P. Albright. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Athletic Review, by Bob Heine. 12:45—Market & Weather Reports. 1:00—Chamb(,r of Commerce, Mary Wagner. 1:15—You And Your Health, Dr. Claire M. Healey. 1:30—Great Inventions, Mrs. Helen Pierce. 1:45—Mrs. Michael T, Ricks. 2:00—Musical Album. 2:15—Commercial Law. 3:00—Harold Schulte, tenor. 3:15-—Lafayette Little Theatre Drama. . 4:00—Baseball, Michigan vs. Purdue.
Colonel R. L. Moorehead, of the Indiana Chapter of the Sons of the American Revolution, gave the cadets a very complimentary stater ment for its performance in the review, and he added that one F. A. was not worth five other men, but ten instead—all of which led into quite a controversy as to the worth of the Field Artillerymen. Both Major McLeod and Major Buerket expressed their sentiment in stating that last year they thought that the unit could not be improved, but that the day enlightened them much to the contrary, for the Corps was greatly improved over that of last year. Major-Genei-al R. N. Tyndall of the 38th division, spoke highly of the University Corps. LieutenantGovernor H. S. Schickler, substituting for Governor Clifford Townsend, who was unavoidably detained othei’wise, gave a very impressive address as to the citizen and his place in preparing to take oVer the reigns of the present generation in the government of Indiana and the United States. Lieut.-Governor Schickler drew a very realistic comparison between the preparation for military defense and that of preparing for governmental activities. Farewell In closing moments of the occasion, Lieut. Colonel Brewer gave his farewell address in wishing the advanced classes much success in the coming years. He stated that he would consider this University as his adopted alma mater, praised the University and students for their excellent work. As toastmaster. President Elliott expressed his sincere praise for the excellent work of the Commandant.
Physician Recommends Rest Between Studies
ROTC Review (Continued from page i)
Between the smoke and noise of last evening’s banquet for the University Cadet Officers, Lieutenant Colonel Brewer found time to introduce David Ross, who presented medals to the honor graduates; Colonel Albert Smith, donor of several trophies, who presented his sabres to outstanding seniors; Colonel R. L. Moorehead; Dean M. L. Fisher; and Professor W. A. Knapp. The latter three presented medals to the outstanding students of each class, the three juniors showing marked improvement, and winners of a history report and high man in junior gunnery respectively. The winners are listed below: Honor Graduates Cadet Colonel Glen W. Martin; Cadet Colonel James W. Baker, Jr.; Cadet Colonel Marion E. Love; Cadet Colonel Dwight N. Wait; Cadet Colonel James R. Wergin; Cadet Lieut. Colonel Frank Milner; 2nd Lieut. Leonard G. Ki’eiser, ORC 2nd Lieut. Robert B. Klopfenstein, ORC; 2nd Lieut. David W. Silvey, ORC. Three Juniors Gaining Most Files Cadet 2nd Lieut. Sturat C. Williams ; Cadet 2nd Lieut. John C. Bergma; and Cadet 2nd Lieut. John F. McCauley. Albert Smith Sabres For Tactics Problem Cadet Colonel James R. Wergin; Cadet Colonel James M. Baker, Jr.; Cadet Lt. Colonel Ernest W. Ander-
The Risk Dental Clinic
DE. PAUL A. KUE DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RIRK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
“0EAC” HAS EYERTTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Berkeley, Cal.—(ACP)—If you want to get the best possible marks on your final exams, don’t study in long unbroken stretches. This is the warning of Dr:. Ruby L. Cunningham, University of California physician for women. “Some vigorous activity like a brisk walk or a game Of handball during recreation periods would refresh the student and send him back to his books with an entirely different attitude,” she said. “The principal tiring effect Of concentrated study is the weariness of the eye muscles. Any activity which focuses the eyes for a rest period on more distant objects will relieve the fatigue.”
S. A. R. Medals For Command Senior—Cadet Lt. Colonel Webster F. Luginbill. Junior—Cadet 2nd Lt. William C. Musham. Sophomore—Cadet Sergeant Robert E. Heine. Freshman — Cadet Thomas J. Marvel. Cary Merit Award Cups Cadet Major John W. Wright; Cadet 2nd Lieut. Emerson N. Cox.
Aeronautical University Government Approved State Accredited Courses in; AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING (B. S. Degree) Licensed Mechanics . .. Administration Day and Evening Courses in all Aeronautical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previously taken. Wonderful opportunities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet “AVIATION AS A CAREER.”
Aeronautical University Curtiss-Wright Bldg. Dept. P. E., 1338 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago. Tel. Victory 2733
F riedman*c FINE FOODS 4#
8th and Main Lafayette PHONES 3021 & 3022—WE DELIVER
That's all it costs for a New Royal Portable. With Royal's sensational Touch Control and many other exclusive features. Now typing is —easier than writing by handi Standard keyboard and action. Finest portable sold. Drop in — try it.
DECKER’S Jnc.
(18 Mfiln^St.
Phone 6477
Debris Distribution
Reaches 1^500 Copies
Total Debris distribution had reached about 1,600 copies yesterday, it was announced, and 400 Debris’ were given out yesterday alone. There still remains between 600 and 600 copies yet to be distributed, a limited number of which will be sold for cash. Debris also announced yesterday that the election of next year’s executives would take place sometime next week.
NOTICES
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Best Soldier Contestants—All . freshmen and sophomores in the Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest report to Armory in uniform May 16 at 1:30 o’clock. ’’ -^HOPPER.
Industrial Education Students^—Call at my office and make out schedules for next semester. —HOFFMAN.
W. A. A. Golf—The following matches are to be played by May 16: Elstun vs. Guthrie, Little vs. Moorhead, Jones vs. Hall, Lyman vs. Baxter, Richards vs. Humphreys, Hiner vs. Callison, Randall vs. Hanley. Winter rules are to be observed. Play is to be match play. Turn score in to the W. A. A. office. —WILEY;
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 14 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. Officers for next year will be elected. Every member is expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE.
W. A. A. Baseball^-CIass practices for baseball begin May 14 at 4 p. m. —TOWNSEND.
Senior Mechanicals—John S. Beltz, chief engineer of the mining department of the Jeffrey Manufacturing Company, will interview seniors May 14 in the Personnel Office. —WALTERS.
Exponent Co-eds—Meeting May 14 in women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 4 o’clock. —PYKE.
Virginia C. Meredith Club—Meeting on May 14, in the Home Economics auditorium at 4 o’clock. —MURPHY.
Seniors—B. F. Martin, Assistant Dean, Harvard Graduate School of Business Administration will interview on May 16 seniors who may take a graduate course in Business Administration at Harvard. If interested call the Personnel Office. ' —WALTERS.
W. A. A. Track and Field—There will be a meeting May 14 at 4:16 p. m. Will all members please meet in the women’s Gym, Plepse note the change in time. —COOK.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Wanted—To exchange with student, a very desirable first fioor room during summer for work in yard, etc. Apply at 333-S. Grant.
Tickets—1,000 for $100.00 and down—Down—DOWN to $2.00, at Kane’s Printshop, 401 South 29th. Phone 205.
LosWGirl’s fountain pen with name, between West Side High School and 705 N. Main street. Clall Betty Sanders, phone 55084. Reward.
Gingham Gallop Tickets — All tickets and money must be turned in at the Union desk enclosed in an envelope by May 14 at 12:30. ^JANOUSEK.
Purdue Lutheran Stndent Club—All of the members will meet at the Memorial Union Building at 8 :30 p. m. May 16, for an outing at the W. A. A. Cabin; please be prompt. —MA AHS.
W. A. A. Cabin Leadership Course— Meetings May 16 at 11 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the cabin. In case of rain, call the gym. —SWICK.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—There will be two make-up classes May 15 at 10 and 11 a. m. Horses will be at Women’s Gymnasium. Following girls report at 10 ; Marion Frazier and Virginia Huffman. Following report at 11 ; Margaret Meredith, Betty Brelsford, Ruth Wiley, Marie Wetzel, Mary Holtman, Virginia Beck and Betty Jo Sexton. —HAZELTON.
W. A. A. Baseball—Class practices will start May 14 at 4 p. m: —TOWNSEND.
Scabbard and Blade — Active members report to the Armory, in uniform May 15 at 1 o’clock. —BAKER.
Reamer Club.—Meet at Heavilon Hall tower. May 16 at 7 p. m. The attendance of pledges is compulsory. —TILLETT.
Student Senate—Members get keys of J. W. Townsend. -^ROHYANS.
FURNAS ICE CREAM
PINTS 15c—QUARTS 25c Cheerios—Drumsticks—Giant Bars
Dad’s Place • • • So Handy
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“A little more to the right and .j^ou got it, sir.”
There^s
MUSIC
in your
MOTOR
After it has been repaired or overhauled in our garage. Our equipment is of the most modern design and our mechanics are highly skilled. This enables us to give you the best service possible.
PETER ANDERSON
525 Alabama
24 Hour Service
'Phone 4048
Suits That Excel in Style
at
rees
Frankly, we’ve never seen the likes of these suits for combined coolness and gpod looks. White suits styled with distinction, and tailored to standards that particular gentlemen appreciate. You’ll find here a model that gives you ^aippehrance,” and comfort you never expected in smart, high-style apparel.
98
SUMMER ACCESSORIES
Fancy Shorto and Shirts that will give long service 25c
Each
Cool, comfortable Slacks. You will want at least |jp
two pair.
Smart colored Polo Shirts for the weather I'Sc Hlld 98c
Cool, light weight two-piece Pajamas for m|id-sommer $1.48
Durable, lighi>weight regulation “T"
Shirts.
Each
48c
Bright colored Snspenders. Just the kind you have /IQ ' been looking for 40C
REILIABLE CLOTHING CO
224 MAIN ST., LAFAYETTE