:
FHIDAY
May 6, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
'
VOL. 49 No. 172
Purdue Exponent
Visiting Mothers Will Hear 32 Groups Participate In Annual University Sing One thousand chairs will be placed in the Oval in the form of a horseshoe for the eighth annual University Sing tomorrow evening at 6:30 o’clock. In the event of rain, the Sing will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building instead of on the Oval.
The Sing will be the first event on the evening’s program for visiting mothers, and will last about two hours, according to Union officials sponsoring the program. A total of 32 groups will participate in the annual Sing, entries having been received from six sororities, two PIA groups, Pedalion, and 23 fraternities. Each group will be allowed to sing two numbers, with five minutes being' the maximum time allowed to any group. Microphones will not be used by the singers this year because many people complained that microphones affected the singing. The program will be presented from a stage two feet high on the State street side of the oval. Union officials sponsoring the program announce that no group may use soloists, but quartets will be allowed if accompanied by the rest of the group part of the time. Dress is optional, they also announced. Walter Whitworth, musical critic for the Indianapolis News, and Bomar Cramer, Indiana pianist, will judge the singers. They will select the three best male groups and three top ranking co-ed organizations, who will be given medals. The six winners will give a concert in the music room of the Union Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The \/inning fraternity will also serenade the sororities and women’s halls, as has been the custom in the past. Kappa Alpha Theta... . . . announces the initiation of the following: Ruth Bennett, Dayton, O.; Merle Hagemeyer, Norwood, O.; Genevieve Houser, Bluffton; Ann Loring, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Joann McClean, Indianapolis; Alice Newton, Cleveland, O.; Mary Ritter, Newcastle; Sarah Saint, Newcastle; Margaret Sauer, Bluffton; Marjorie Seibert, Norwood, O.; Marjorie Starrett, Lafayette; Peggy Terstegge, Louisville, Ky.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy and cooler Friday. Saturday mostly cloudy with showers in southwestern portion. Yesterday’s Temperatures; High, 72; low, 57; mean, 68.
Mothers ’ Program Saturday, May 7 10:30 a. m.—Style Show in Home Economics Auditorium. 12:30 p. m.—Luncheon and program in the Union ballroom. 3:30 p. m.—Musicale sponsored by WSGA in Union ballroom. 4:30 p. m.—Union Reception and Tea in main lounge of the Union Building. 5:30 p. m.—Dinner hour. 6:30 p. m.—University Sing on the Oval, (in case of rain. Union ballroom). 7:30 p. m.—Crowning of University May Queen at Sing. 9:00 p. m.—Mothers’ Day Mixer in Union ballroom. Sunday, May 8 8:30 a. m.—Breakfast in faculty lounge. 9:30 a. m.—YWCA convo in Fowler Hall. 11:00 a. m.—Religious services in > Lafayette and West Lafayette churches. Special tours of the campus will be conducted, starting from the Union Building at 1 o’clock. Dancers To Fly At Airport Dance Superstition and pleasure won’t go hand in hand at the annual airport dance if Captain Aretz and “Mike” Murphy, stunt flyers, have anything to say about the affair. Flying the tri-motored Stinson, belonging to Aretz, as a passenger ship, the dancers will be taken up every half hour, and the flights will last about 20 minutes. Similar flights made last year were as successful as they were spectacular, said Burt Morgan of the Glider Club, the planes taxiing right up to the apron of the hangar where the tables were placed. Commencement Announcement Deadline Today is the deadline for purchasing commencement announcements. Seniors may order them at Deac’s or Southworth’s, but they must be paid for when ordered. The price is 25 cents for leather bound, 15 cents for cardboard bound, and 5 cents for Dutch bound.
PIA To Install New Board, Award Keys, At Banquet In Home Ec Cafeteria Toniglit Professor J. W. Robinson of the University history, government and economics department and recently of Stanford University, has been engaged as main speaker for the annual PIA dinner tonight at 6:30 in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building. He will compare Stanford with Purdue, citing the good and bad characteristics of each, and will conclude with a discussion of the PIA and its activities* Install Board The installation of the new PIA board will open the evening’s program, followed by the presentation of cups and awards. One cup, offered by “Deac” Reisner, is to be given to the member having the highest scholastic index for four years. Another, the Lamb Trophy, will be presented to the freshman who has shown the most progress in campus activities during the entire year. Keys will also be awarded to the board members, graduating seniors, and members of the orchestra. Following the dinner, Paul Barker and his orchestra will play for the annual PIA spring formal dance in the ballroom of th^ Union Build-
ing.
Tickets for the affair, priced at 60 cents each, may be obtained for a limited time from PIA members or at the PIA office. Membership cards will admit members to the dance.
Paul Barker, young maestro, making his second campus appearance of the season, who directs rhythms for annual PIA spring formal dance tonight in^the Union ballroom.
Mothers To Visit School Tomorrow As a feature of the program for Mothers’ Day, Louise Bain, senior science student and member of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority, will be crowned University May Queen. The Queen will be crowned after presentation with her court at about 7:30 p. m., during the first part of the University Sing tomorrbw on the Oval. Her court includes Betty Ann Stewart and Mary Jean Light, of Pi Beta Phi; Elizabeth Pyke, Dorothy Martenet, and Mary Alice Masters, of Kappa Alpha Theta; Margaret Richey and Lorna McLeod, of Kappa Kappa Gamma; and Jeanne Janousek, of Chi Omega. Style Show Opening the program for mothers will be a style show in the Home Economics Building auditorium at 10:30 tomorrow morning. Featuring the work of the clothing department of the school of home economics, the style show will present “The Co-ed From High School to Professional,” in which freshman, sophomore, and junior clothing students will model dresses and coats which they made in class. At 12:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom, co-eds will model costumes of 25 years ago and campus clothes of today for the Mothers’ Day Banquet. Tom Sheets, Student Union president, will act as toastmaster. At the banquet Mrs. Oakel F. Hall who is chairman of the Mothers’ Day Committee, will introduce her committee members and University deans. R. B. Stewart, University controller, will speak; and the University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will render several numbers. Modern dance will be presented by Orchesis, under the direction of Miss Helen B. Knight, of the women’s physical education department, at the Mothers’ Day program spon(Continued on page 3) Wolfe Will Speak At Literary Banquet Thomas Wolfe, author of such recent best sellers as “Look Homeward Angel” and “Of Time and the River” has been engaged as guest speaker for the 14th annual allcampus literary banquet to be held May 19 at 6:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. The banquet, which is sponsored by the English department in conjunction with President E. C. Elliott, will also feature the presentation of a cup, offered by Governor C. M. Townsend for the student writing the best informal essay. An award of $10 has also been offered by the English department for second prize. All manuscripts should be turned into the English office by Thursday, May 12. Tickets for the affair, priced at 75 cents, may be pui'chased in the Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, Deckers’, and the English office in University Hall. FM Students, Faculty Will Revel At Fish Fry Today At Rotary Camp Pish friers are to revel this afternoon at Rotary Camp, near the junction of the Tippecanoe and Wabash rivers, according to an announcement from the farm management committee arranging the annual affair. Leaving from Ag Hall at 4 o’clock, farm management and general ag students will be transported to the picnic ground. Arrangements for the afternoon’s diversions include a soft-ball game between faculty members and senior farm management students, a softball game between the juniors and the underclassmen, and various rounds of horseshoes and touchball. J. C. “Heavy” Kohlmeyer is to serve in the capacity of chef for the evening. An informal program of entertainment and singing will follow the fry. Revelers expect to return to the campus about 9 p.m.
Greeks Campus
Inaugurate Hell-Week
By unanimous vote last night, the Fraternity Presidents’ Council approved a common “Fraternity Week” to coordinate spring initiation of all pledges and to place pre-initiation practices on a more constructive basis. Scheduled each year for the second week preceding spring vacation, the Fraternity Week is designed to give the men about to be initiated a true perspective of the fraternity in its relation to the University and in its responsibilities to its members. According to the approved plan—which was accepted as an amendment to the Council’s constitution—all fraternities that hold pre-initiation activities in the spring will participate in Fraternity Week. The amendment will go before the University Executive Committee for approval Monday.
CoUStrUCtlve Work
Provisions limit all probationary periods to 72 hours, during the first three days of that week. Pledges are to spend 48 hours in “constructive work”—house-cleaning, etc.— while, if the fraternity sees fit, 24 hours may be turned over to rough pre-initiation activities, of such a nature as will not injure the health
of the pledges.
The remaining 72 hours of Fraternity Week will be devoted to periods of intensive mental training for the pledges. Mass meetings for bringing them together and instructing them in fraternity life are provided for in the amendment. If possible, initiation of pledges will be held at the close of this pe-
riod.
Presidents Approve Past and present fraternity presidents expressed unqualified approval of Fraternity Week plans last night. Said Tom Sheets, 1937-38 president of Phi Kappa Psi, “It’s a good constructive move which will show the University that fraternities are keeping up with the times. Fraternities are on their way up and not out.” Ward Stallings, last semester’s president of Delta Upsilon, stated, “I think it’s one of the finest moves ever made by the President’s Council. It will tui-n out very satisfac(Continued on page 3)
ROIC Corps To Pass In Review At Nifional Inspection Thursday When visiting officers and dignitaries enter Intramural field Thursday at 2 p. m. for the University’s annual national inspection and review, Battery D-1 will fire a 13gun salute for Major General W. E. Cole, commander of the Fifth Corps
Aiea.
Both brigades will be in formation facing the reviewing stand, which will be on the east side of the field, and the entire motor battalion will be on the extreme south of the reviewing stand.
Inspection
Lieutenant Governor H. F. Schricker, of Indiana, and Colonel Fred Turner, in charge of organized reserve activities for Indiana, in addition to Major General Cole and several other visiting officers, will inspect the corps after which the entire corps and the University Military Band will pass in review. Following the review, the first brigade, commanded by Cadet Colonel W. C. Musham, will present a demonstration of calisthenics. The second brigade, commanded by Cadet Colonel R. O. Wickersham, will then give a demonstration of command system drill, after which the corps will leave the reviewing
field.
.In the evening President E. C. Elliott will act as toastmaster at the annual military banquet at 7:30 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. He will introduce the visiting state and militai’y officials here for the occasion. Dean A. A. Potter, Prof. F. C. Hockema, and Prof. L. M. Sears will present the Albert M. Smith sabers, the Franklin L. Cary cups, and the Scabbard and Blade best soldier awards to the selected military students. Tickets for the banquet may be obtained from any of the members of the Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee. Bryant Will Play For Newman Hop Bud Bryant has been signed by the Newman Club to provide music for their semi-formal Spring dance in Duncan Hall from 9 to 12 p. m. tonight. Eileen Bower, social chairman for the dance, announced yesterday that all members and their dates will be admitted free. Chaperones for the evening will be W. A. Bodden, University chief accountant, and his wife; and W. S. Fletemeyer, assistant auditor of student organizations. Nobel Prize Winner To Give illustrated Ledure Dr. Carl D. Anderson, of the California Institute of Technology at Pasadena, will speak at an open meeting to be held tonight at 8 o’clock, in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building. This meeting is sponsored by Sigma Xi, national research honorary. Dr. Anderson, winner of the physics Nobel prize in 1936, will speak on “The Fundamental Particles of Matter,” illustrating his talk with lantern slides.
Alpha LamUa Delta Initiates Eight Eight .distinguished WRH firstyear women were honored yesterday afternoon at a surprise picnic held on the north hall lawn. Josinah Alleilfscholar chairman of the North Hall, presented books to the following freshmen women who also were pledged last night to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen women’s scholarship honor-ary, Alberta Densford, Mary E. Monk, Rosemary Smith, Lucile Osborn, Joan LeBoeuf, Peggy Terstegge, and Johanna McLean. Six Alpha Lambda Delta sophomore actives who were honored for scholarship and received books were Ruth Randall, Helen Steffee, Sally Bouton, Ann Sickman, Virginia Steele, and Marjorie Weiner. Scholarship average for the 181 members of the two halls for the first semester was 3.89 in comparison to a 3.86 average for the total 319 freshmen women.
Cars Hit Head-On On River Road; 1 Killed Instantly Speeding down the River Road at an estimated 80 miles an hour, a Packard convertible roadster last night about 7 o’clock crashed headon into ^ Ford sedan taming left onto the road, killing one instantly and critically injuring two othersThe accident, which took place at a point about seven miles out of Lafayette on Route 43, completely demolished both cars. P. W. Nelson of Brookston, driving the Ford was killed at the wheel while his wife, Mrs. Lina Nelson, received minor lacerations about the head. The only other occupant of the car, a grandson, escaped injury. The Packard, owned by W. O. Pierce of Lafayette, was driven by Earl Bryan, a chauffeur in the employ of Pierce. He was accompanied by Mrs. Lillian Workman, a cook who also worked for the same family. Stalistics Reveal Alumni Atttendance Figures released yesterday by the University’s general alumni office reveal the exact registration of the various classes which held special reunions during Gala Week. Eleven of the 19 living members of the ’88 class returned for their fiftieth gathering, and 175 members of the ’13 class returned for their twenty-fifth anniversary. Nine members of the ’93 class returned; 14 of the ’98 class; 35 of the ’03 class; 70 of the ’08 class; 44 of the^ ’22 class; 38 of the ’23 class; 13 of the ’28 class; and 33 of the ’33 class. ’08 Class 70 Strong At the ’08 class buffet supper at the Elks Club Saturday night following the Ross Banquet, 69 men and one woman, represjpnting 16 states, returned for their reunion. Prizes were awarded to those graduates who had come the greatest distance, who had the least hair, whose sons or daughters had attended the University, who had the largest waist line, and who had the largest or smallest families. Jorgeson Receives Cadet Major Ranking C. M, Jorgeson, ME ’38, drum major for the University marching band, has been given the rank of cadet major, it was announced yestei'day. This is the first time in the history of the military band that a band officer has received a rank of major. Other promotions made at the same time were: R. D. Birge, to cadet captain and military officer; R. P. Anthes, to cadet first lieuten- ■* ant and assistant military officer; M. W. Mahns, to cadet brevet second lieutenant and personnel officer; H. A. Todd, to principal musician; and G. W. Jaap, to musician. British Major To Speak On India Major C. W. Hawksworth, member of the Lebanon adult educational staff will speak on “Experiences in India” tonight at 7 in room B of the Union Building. Major Hawksworth, who has had many unusual experiences in India, was formerly in the British army and is a veteran of the ^oer War in South Africa.
Local Chapter Of Tree Choppers Unite To Fell Recitation Building Pine
TThe Tree Choppers League has at last been oi-ganized on the Piu-due campus. Charter members are Bob Sites, ChE ’41, Marlowe Shindler, ME ’41, Elinor Ward, Sci. ’40, and Johnny Maudlin, ME ’41. Chief officers are members of the Sei-vice and Stores department. Together the league chopped down last Wednesday afternoon the regal 40 foot pine tree that long stood directly in front of the Recitation Building. L. L. Totten, dii-ector of the tree chopping, exclaimed of Elinor Ward’s smiting thle sturdyi pine, “She certainly went after it!” Sites and Maudlin, who were chopping when the tree fell, delighted large crowds of students and
math professors with, their prowess. Shindler was nursing some blisters on his hands, and enjoying watching his colleague’s efforts. A1 Miller and George Heide, assistants for Totten, counted the rings in the tree trunk. 'Twentyseven circles were clear, but the exact age of the tree could not be determined. The event gave rise to manV witticisms. Bill Sweet, as he began removing branches, decided that “Sitting Bull couldn’t have planted this’n!” Second assistant Buck Metzinger, up in the tree for some reason, observed, “It’s silly to diop a ti-ee dowp, because the next day we chop it up!”
f 'via.
’itt^-l rf ^ , 4V V
^dihfujcd.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
'Tiwmjfi.
^hs £diJtoh S^cu^ ‘ For The Entertainment Of Mother... /* may we particularly recommend the eighth annual University Sing and May Queen crowning ceremonies to be held on the Oval tomorrow night from 6:30 to 9 o'clock? No other event on the crowded two-day program can offei her the chance to see and hear a thousand of her son’s or daughter’s fellow students in a typical University recreation—harmonizins: in the college and sweetheart songs of fraternities and sororities. For many inotheis, it may mean the chance to see their own sons and daughters appear on a program, presented especially for them. For all visitors it will mean entertainment, when the 32 groups each spend an allotted five minutes singing their two chosen songs. Extraneous noise has marred these programs in former years . . . but this year Student Union, annual sponsor of the program, promises less disturbance. Through the cooperation of the Lafayette Street Railway Company, trolley car noise will be cut to a minimum as motormen limit their speed to three miles per hour. The rest is up to students and visitors— if those who drive down State Street refrain from parking, tying up traffic, and honking horns, success of the affair will be increased materially. No microphones or amplifiers will be used this year, since Student Union realizes that only a complicated pick-up network could do justice to the multitude of voice and harmony combinations characteristic of the group singing. Solos also are ruled out, on the grounds that the singing should be characteristic of the entire group. Campus tradition will encoui’age the winning fraternity to serenade sororities and co-ed residence halls after the Sing, while Student Union will ask the six best groups to sing again for mothers in the Union music room Sunday afternoon. Truly one of the highlights of the University year is the Sing. At other schools, it has become a famous custom, broadcast on nation-wide hook-ups . . . but here it is presented for the especial benefit of Purdue Mothers . . . scheduled as part of their Mothers’ Day program—and we think, the outstanding event on that program.
the Purdue Exponent
Associated ^^lic^iate '^rcss
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Edltor-In-CUef
Buaineas Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J- ®. Brodt Editor’s Secretary™ ^—Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. K. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R, L. Keck, W. A, Kroei>lin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson CO-ED STAFF Editor _.Eaizabeth Pyko Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McEm SPORTS STAFF Editor B. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. ... B. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 8887 Bnsinsss Phone BOSS
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Yates Friday, May 6, 1938
Before And After The Sing... . . . University mothers will find a variety of events planned for their enjoyment. Tomorrow morning, coeds will model modern campus clothes in contrast with dresses of 26 years ago, while at uoon a special luncheon and program will be conducted in the Union ballroom. Afternoon activities include a WSGA musicale, also in the ballroom, and a reception and tea in the main lounge of the Memorial Union Building. After the Sing tomorrow night is scheduled a Mothers’ Day mixer from 9 till 12 o’clock in the Union ballroom. Sunday morning will find mothers attending a special breakfast in the Union faculty lounge, and later, a YWCA convocation in Fowler Hall. —H. I. S.
Letters to the Editor
Letters to the editor must be kept at a reasonable length and must be accompanied by the writers’ sigmntnres. Unless otherwise requested, the anUiDr’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, the editor sees fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
Too Many Students “Driving On Horns” Dear Editor: Spring is here and summer is on the way. With it comes the carefree, let-her-rip feeling that makes us all want to get into any kind of a chariot with wheels on it and go flying around the countryside, or less sensibly, around the town. It’s great fun (who doesn’t enjoy whipping'about in a car?) especially if the car is a swell roadster, but it isn’t safe for driver or public. This afternoon, as I sat at my desk, one car after another came speeding past the comer on which I live—and it isn’t a major intersection—^horas screaming, with not a particle of safe driving in evidence. My first thought was that someone would pay dearly for such carelessness and not five minutes later three cars full of people came within an ace of ending their careers in a scrambled mess of steel. It was only through a twist of luck and the grace of good brakes that a pileup was averted. Luck May Fail Too many students—and townspeople are not exempt—are driving “on their horns” this spring. Sooner or later luck will fail and some names will be scratched off the registrar’s books for the rest of the year, or for good. Just last week several students were injured when returning to school from a week-end trip, but the major danger lies in reckless driving on the streets of this town. Speed that is often safe on the open road is maniacal in town where the corners are obscured by buildings and trees in full leaf. West Lafayette has a fine record in safety. Let’s not spoil it. J. A, Chapin, ME ’39; Is College Worthwhile ? Dear Dad: Well, Dad, here you and I sit on the verge of graduation and it is about time that a statement for the firm of YOU AND I is audited. It seems only yesterday when we
talked this college business over and we decided to find out if the University was worthwhile. Frankly, yesterday when I looked over the profit and loss statement I didn’t know. I guess that only the Great Accountant is the one who will be able to arrive at a debit or credit balance. I know you are saying that I was exposed to scholasticism for four years and should be an educated man. But I submit the question whether any one in the class of 1938 is even seared with the iron of education! First of all, who are educated and who are the unwashed? Are the educated marked by the ability to think? Is an educated man supposed to be able to be alone without being bored? Does intellectual curiosity peeping from a mellow tolerance distinguish one from the unwashed multitude ? Professor Baldwin says that an educated man is denoted by a maturity of thinking resulting from acquired knowledge. Yet to lift a line from “Doc” Estey we seem to be introducing an element of insanity. No one seems to know exactly what an education should expose to one neophyte. As a result the college moth—like Topsy—^just grows. You probably think I am playing matador, as usual. Dad, but maybe we can get something on our balance sheet. Some of us have spent a lot of time in the last few years shagging foul balls behind the political grandstand and others among our class
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW OF THE ^ROCKIES' -A GRAND NATIONAL PICTURE
—ALSO— “PAINTED STALLION” No. 8 -PLUSSCRAPPY CARTON
carried water for the flaming goddess of tests. How much of our efforts were spent in wearing out sorority house furniture I don’t know. It is said on good authority, however, that the aggregate wear on class rooms and the library is about forty percent less. A goodly number of us got a collection of pretty little hats and keys by being activity men. Others got recognition by wearing out the slide rule bearings and some of us did a lot of talking and sitting. Many of the “collegers” looked into the bottom of a number of bottles, wore out a flock of tires going to the airport. It looks like the firm of YOU AND I have at least on the whole done many things. Dad, but whether or not college was worth while no one knows. At least we have been exposed to education and some great teachers. Maybe that in itself is enough. Your loving son, George, Agriculture Students Visit Livestock Farms Sophomore and junior Ag students majoring in animal husbandry left aboard a special bus "Wednesday on an inspection trip through Illinois and Wisconsin, They will return tomorrow night. Last night the group stopped at Madison, Wisconsin, home of the University of Wisconsin, and are now visiting livestock ))reeding farms. Accompanying them are Professor C. P. Gobble, Mr. J. Frost and Mr. J. Hoeffer.
WHAT’S THIS . . . We understand that J. E. Dietrich, of the English department, has given a diamond ring to Marge Starrett, the Theta star. OF COURSE... ... it was just a gift to acknowledge her performance in “I’ll Marry the Actress.” Or she could use it for glass-cutting, or could she? FINAL EXAMS . . . Spring is here And finals dear ' Are right before our noses. But home-town cheer And local beer Make classes sweet as roses. TWO BIRDS . . . . . . with one stone is the policy the Pi Kappa Phis follow. Rog Anderson, one of the boys, hangs his pin on a WRHer, and the brothers take their crest to the serenade—^for the publicity, we imagined—at any rate it was very effective. TO THE SENIORS . . . We were talking to one of last year’s graduating class during Gala Week, and we inqtfired, during the course of the conversation, how much he was earning now that he was an official engineer. His reply was, “I’m making twenty-one fifty a week^—twenty-one meals at home and fifty cents a week allowance.” Don’t give up yet seniors, he’s eating regularly . . . IT LOOKS LIKE . . . . . . the Kappa Sigs are going to make their pin-pushing plan onehundred per cent. We notice that Paul Cooper is giving Louise SchriPaul Cooper is giving Louise Schickler, Soph enginering flash, the Bum’s Rush. MAYBE COOPER . . . . . . has a method in his madness. We understand that his gtades are showing improvement already. WE DON’T MIND . . . . . . fellows saving chairs in the library, but when a guy says that he is reserving “those two chairs” for his grandmother and another co-ed, that’s the elastic limit. SOME GAME When I lived in Peanut Ville, We had a baseball nine. We played the boys across the hill And beat them all the time. We journeyed once to Rookie Town To play a series game. They, as a team of great renown Had much professional fame. Our pitcher was a lanky Dane, A burly blacksmith theirs. His speed could match an aeroplane And singe your eyebrow hairs. It was their favor, 9 to 6 To start the second inning. Those boys were pulling lots of tricks. And ’twas only the beginning. They soon had garnered 21 And put 12 o’er the fence. They sure 'iyas having lots of fun And all at our expense. The score was 41 to 8, When came the 7th frame
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Plus—The greatest case in the history of crime! Only this man alone could solve it!
Edwurd Ji. Alpersoh prostnU
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Friday, May 6, 1938
By Lichty
‘Ifs just courtesy business when we sell stamps and prescriptions—we don't make money on it."
Our thoughts were raging hot with hate, Our bodies sore and lame. The dusk was now approaching fast And we began to scoi-e. The tide was stemmed and turned at last— Good luck was at the door. Two out—two strikes—the bases filled, They leading by a score Our sub Jake says, “If I don’t get killed. I’ll bring in 20 more.” The burly blacksmith slung that pill.
To watch it blurred the vision Jake closed his eyes and made the kill. And Boy—^what a collision. The fans could see, with straining eye, The speeding little pill; A clear black speck, against the sky, That landed on a hill. ^ Jake circled 'round and ’round the bags Scoring runs a plenty. And did we take those boys ? Yeh, Man, One—O—Five—One Twenty.
DAD’S PLACE - So Handy for Candy, Cigarettes, Tobacco, Ice Cream and Ice Cream Bars, Pies and Twinkles, Shoe Laces, Razor Blades, and, of course, ^ POPCORN
SATURDAY ONLY
DOORS OPEN AT 11:30 A.M. COME EARLY Avoid the Night Crowds
Admission 15c 30c 40c
SALLY EILERS PAUL KELLY in 'Nurse From Brooklyn'
Stage Shows at
1:15 - 3:30 - 5:40- 7:55 - 10:10 Last Complete Show At 10:10
— LAST TIMES TODAY — CAROLE LOMBARD IN 'FOOLS FOR SCANDAL"Friday, May 6, 1938
THE PUBDOE
SjtwijUL
EXPONENT
SAE's Win Annual Greek Track, Field Tournament Coming from behind in the last half of the Interfraternity track meet yesterday afternoon, the SAE’s finished with a burst of speed that netted them first place with a total of 30 points. Close behind them came the Phi Gam’s with 28 points, the Lambda Chi’s with 25, and the Beta’s with 241/2 points.
- From there the scores experienced a sharp drop, the next in line being the Phi Sigma Kappa with 11 1-2 points. Behind them came the DU’s in sixth place, ATO’s in seventh, SPE’s eighth. The Pi KA's Sigma Alpha Muj and Phi Kappa Sigma tied for ninth, tenth, and eleventh positions. The meet almost turned into a race for individual scoring honors between Holderman, freshman distance star, and Tycocki, frosh dash man. The edge, however, went to
Tycocki who took four firsts and was a member of the relay team which took second to gather a total of 21 1-2 points. Holderman fared almost as well, taking three firsts and a second for 18 points. Although all the times recorded during the meet were fairly fast, no records were broken. SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT
The wool stitching gives a laced effect to the neckline and pockets of this unusijial monotone print of spun rayon hopsacking Jewel colors, offset by a snow-white belt, add plenty of style appeal Comes m green, wine, spruce blue, and rust, sizes 10 to 18, at
55.95
EXCLUSIVELY at
ZIMMERMAN'S UEEN South Side Square
ITY
FROCKS ARE SHOWN
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York
Won Lost Pet. 13 3 .813
Chicago
11
6
.648
Pittsburgh
10
6
.513
Boston
6
6
.600
Cincinnati
8
9
.471
Brooklyn
6
10
.376
St. Louis
5
10
.833
Philadelphia . *..
.. . 3
12
.200
Yesterday’s Results Boston, 6; St. Louis, 2.
Pittsburgh, 4; Brooklyn, 2. Cincinnati, 5; New York, 2. Chicago, 21; Philadelphia, 2.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Cleveland
«11
6
.687
New York
11
7
.611
Washington
10
7
.588
Boston
8
8
.600
Chicago
7
7
.500
Detroit
7
9
.438
Philadelphia
5
10
.333
St. Louis
5
11
.311
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 10; Philadelphia, 4. New York, 12; St. Louis, 10. Detroit, 7; Boston, 5. Washington, 8; Cleveland, 6.
All Campus Co-ed Swim Meet To Feature Events Judged On Speed, Style Co-eds from all the sororities and wards will hold their annual swimming meet in the pool of th^ Memorial Gymnasium next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. Georgia Walker, who is in charge of the meet, announced that the following events will be held: 40 yard free style, 40 yard back stroke, 40 yard breast stroke, 60 yard relay, 100 yard free style, and 220 yard free style. Events including the resting back stroke, side stroke, and breast stroke will be judged on the basis of form alone. The program will come to a conclusion after the diving and novelty races are run off. The turnout for practice has been very good and close competition is expected in most of the events.
Mothers To(Continued from page 1) sored by WSGA at 3:30 p. m. tomorrow in the Union ballroom. The theme of MordolT’s arrangement of Stephen Foster’s “O, Susanna” will be given with variations. Marjorie Starrett will sing a vocal solo, the Men’s Glee Club will render several selections, the University orchestra will play, and Eva Robertson will give a violin solo at the WSGA program. Following the program, Mortar Board, denior women’s honorary, will have its annual pledging in the Union lobby ■\4hile mothers are being entertained with a tea. May Queen Louise Bain and her court will be on the receiving line at the tea. At the regular mixer from 9 until 12 tomorrow night, visiting mothers will be guests of the Student Union. Lou Schilling, campus orchestra leader, will play his sophisticated swing arrangements for the dance.
Greeks Inaugurate(Continued from page 1) tory for the fraternities as a whole as well as for the pledges.” Should Benefit Both His successor, Ted Cabonargi, remarked, “Arranging programs and bringing outside speakers here should benefit not only the men facing initiation but also the entire fraternity. The plans should work out constructively.” Kappa Sigma’s new president, Tom Miller, asserted, “I’m quite in favor of it. I believe it will help the freshmen to become acquainted with the ideal for which fraternities are striving and will also improve fraternity-University relationship.” From the Phi Delta Theta house, next year’s president, Carl Swan, phoned, “I approve of the idea entirely. I think it is a step on the pait of the fraternities toward the pointing out of the actual relationship between themselves and the University, and it should be beneficial to both.”
We Carry a Complete Line of AEROW Shirts and Ties GULLION’S West Lafayette
Short and Snappy!
AROSNAP shorts give you quick action when you need it . . . Snaps instead of buttons — WON'T BREAK — WON'T TEAR OFF. All Arrow shorts are Sonforizedshrunk, and have the nopinch, no-pull seamless crotch. Arrow Shorts .
ARROW SHORTS WITH GEIPPER SNAPS
65c up
Arrow Undershirts 50c up
ARROW UNDERWEAR
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
Intramurals
CLASS “B” DOUBLES Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Sigma Pj vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Acacia or Phi Kappa Psi. Theta Chi vs. Theta Xi or Beta Sigma Psi. ALL CAMPUS TENNIS J. R. Ferris vs. J. Mann. D. P. Morse vs. T. J. Marvel. W. Vaughan vs. Silva or More. G. T. Miller vs. Tabshey or McGrath. G. R. Frye vs. D. L. Douglas. Schrader vs. Templeton or Fuller. Monger vs. Hargesheimer. BASEBALL Diamond 1— Kappa Sigma vs. Beta Theta Pi 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 8—Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 4— Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 5— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Pi Phi. 6— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa. I 7—Delta Chi vs. Theta Xi. 8—Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Phi.
Thompson Hurts Ankle In Practice One more blow was struck at the Boilermaker baseball nine when Jimmy Thompson hurt his ankle during practice yesterday afternoon. This IS a severe blow to the squad, as it leaves a hole not only at shortstop but one in the batting lineup as well. Coach “Dutch” Fehring has hopes that Thompson’s ankle will improve enough to enable him to play in the Chicago game tomorrow, but just to be on the safe side he has moved Dickinson up from center field to shortstop and has put Stamm in center field. The frosh and the varsity mixed it up in a practice game yesterday afternoon, with the varsity coming out on the long end of the score by a margin of 10-2. Robert Igney, playing at shortstop, starred for the freshmen by gamering two of the three hits allowed by Heiss and Warner, who did mound duty for the varsity. Bailey did a good job of pitching for the freshmen, allowing only two hits in the four innings he was doing the hurling.
Another good custom at Antioch is cleaning the Dell every spring. Every student helps and in no time the campus has its spring housecleaning. It is quite an acclaimed holiday at Antioch.
DANCE AT ALLEN'S Friday, May 6 Sponsored by Sons ol Union Veterans LOU SCHILLING'S ORCHESTRA
Mother's Day will be here soon, the one particular day when we honor our mothers. Loeb's reminds you that now is the time to put on your thinking caps and choose for her something that will express your great love and that she will cherish because you have given it to her. Loeb's will be glad to help you with your problem. Consult our shopping experts.
cwaefo. LOEB&HENE COMPANY On the Square for Over 66 Yearswm
3kced, OdA.
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TiotkoA.
Friday, May 6, 1938
Co-eds Fashion Spring Costumes For Doli Models By Pat Henry As far as the Purdue co-eds are concerned, Paris is no longer the center of fashion. Fashions are now created and styled on our own campus. The latest thing in formal dresses, dinner dresses, and wedding costumes are now on exhibit in the Applied Design Building. The 18-inch models are made of cardboard and are padded so as to give the eflfect of a human figure. The dresses were designed and made by the students in the A. D. 54 class, and a great bit of the sewing had to be done on the dolls because of their extreme smallness. The models are made distinctive by their unusual features. The wigs are made of human hair, angel’s hair and gold kitchen cleanser brushes. The facial expressions vary to suit the type of dress, such as the sweet expression of the bride and the coy look of the debutante. This style exhibition will be held over this week so that the mothers visiting the Purdue campus this week-end may view them. 5igma Alpha Epsilon . . . sopial fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Ross Dean, president; F. B. Hartman, vice-president; J. R. Phister, secretary; John Dilts, treasurer; Elvous Disney, correspondent Claude Singer, ward; Art Bodeau, herald; and Bill Hedden, chronicler.
Favorite Comic
The screen attraction for Saturday features Sally Eilers and Paul Kelly in “Nurse from Brooklyn.”
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Important regular meeting in room Co£ the Union Friday May 6, 7:80 p. m. It ia urgent that all members attend. Nominating committee will be announced and dance tickets distributed. —CARACCIOLO.
Contributors to Debris Photography: All may receive prints of negatives by calling for same at the Debris office in the Union Building any week-day evening after 4 p. m. (6-6) —EHINGEE.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR SALE—Log Log Duplex Slide Rule, Keufel & Esser. New, has not been used. Call 45132.
Stepin Fetphit, whose droll humor and lazy mannerisms have made him the favorite comic of countless movie fans, is coming to the stage of the Mars Theatre tomorrow for one day only. Stepin appears in the “Harlem Hit Parade” revue which will present an array of colored stars, including Erskine Hawkins, famed hot-trumpet player and his “ ’Bama State Collegians;” Harold Thomas sensational eccentric dancer; and Johnson and Grider, the tops in taps.
BARGAIN REPOSESSIONS FOR CASH—NO TRADES— 1935 Pontiac 6 coach, 1935 Chevrolet coach, 1934 Chevrolet Sedan Delivery, 1932 Ford V-8 Tudor, 1930 Ford Coupe, 5 tube mantle radio. Phone 7954 or 51063.
Notices Nb Notices Aocepted After 8 pan.
P. I. A. Keys: We are expecting the following to attend the PIA banquet Friday, May 6, at 6:30 in the home economics cafeteria in order to receive awards for achievements during the past year: Margaret Jenkins, W. W. Clevenger, H. M. Clevenger, G. D. Cross, A. B. Wright, G. R. Douglas, Phyllis Dunn, Sylvia Zussin, E. W. Hackney, R. H. Eiliott, J. W. Mazur, Van Coddingrton, G. E. Sears, J. E. Roembke, H. F. Kratz, K. C. Kelble, R. D. Elboum, Beatrice Shock. D. F. Smith, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, R. Jenkins, C. R. Jones, J. T. Flanagan, Peggy Gran, J. H. Houseworth, R. F. Bauman, A. R. Brink, Betty Shipow, Betty Jone Short, C. W. Chellberg, R. J. Ko1> flla, R. E. Montavon, C. E. Myers, Jesse Cohen, I. H. Selkowitz, L. A. Hess, P. A. Phillips, M. M. Shendler, and Florence Beilke. Each one is also invited to bring his date to the banquet if he is planning to attend the dance. —SCHLUNDT.
P. I. A. Banquet: All members of PIA are invited to attend the annual banquet to be held Friday, May 6 at 6:30 in the home economics cafeteria. Dates are invited and semi formal wear is proper but not required. Tickets may be obtained from the PIA office or from any board member. —SCHLUNDT.
Union Woraers; re is very important that all workers who have any time off Saturday, May 7, get in touch with us immediately. —JACOBSON, MATTHEWS.
Triton Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 8, from 7:80 to 8:80 p. m. Practice for the swimming meet. May 10. -^ORGESON.
Catalyst Pledges: Initiation lee must be paid on or before Wednesday, May 11. —PETRY.
SOLD BY
HAYWOOD'S "Everything for the Office" Fifth & Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Ind. PHONE 4085
Why not stop and select from our large assortment a gift that she will appreciate.
Havfeyou thought about a gift for Mother's Day? This is the one particular time when we honor our mothers. Choose something for her that will express your great love and something that she will cherish because you have given it to her.
SOUTHWORTHS
FRIENDSf It will be the beginning of a lasting friendship. Why? We regard our customers as real friends—friends deserving of the finest service and attention we can give. We know you'll be pleased with our reasonable prices for repair work. at Peter Anderson Company
Pkone 4048
525 Alabama Street
WAA Tennis: These games should be played by Sunday: Thomas and Stephenson vs Morris and Himes; Schilling and Mather vs. Jarrett and Walker. —WALKER.
Purdue Engineer: All freshmen and sophomores report to the office for work on galley proof Friday, May 6, at 4 p. m. This is important. —SQUIRES. Gimlet: Pledges and actives meet at the Sigma Pi Epsilon house Monday, May 9, at 9 p. m. for initiation. —BROWN.
Airport Dance Committee; Please meet at 7:1B in tower room of the Union, Wednesday, May 11. —MORGAN. Glider Club: Joint meeting with Flying Club at 7 :30 Wednesday, May 11 in tower room of Union. All members please be present. —MOORE.
Flying Club: Joint meeting with Glider Club at 7:30 p. m. in tower room of the Union Wednesday, May 11. —DOSTAL.
WAA Numerals: Any girl who has been awarded numerals for WAA class teams, may purchase chenile numerals if they wish. If any one la interested, call 2386 and make arrangements with me before Wednesday, May 11, to pay for them. —CHRISTENSON.
WSGA: Office committee report to the WSGA office Friday, May 6, at 4 p. m. —BRADSHAW.
Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee: Will meet at 4 o’clock Friday, May 6, in Colonel Pickering’s office in the Armory. —BEHRENDS.
Purdue Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, May 6, at 7:30 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. Election of officers will be held. —BUCKLES.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Informal and formal initiation and election of officers, room 320, Chemistry Building, Tuesday, May 10, at 7 p. m. ^ —SANDERS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Girls taking orders for Mothers’ Day corsages, please leave list of orders and money at Union desk by Friday afternoon, May 6. —COOLEY.
Union Workers: Report to Jim Williamson in lobby of Union at 1:30 or as soon after as possible. Friday, May 6. —MILLHOLLAND.
Independent Students: University passports must be presented with membership cards at the door of the ballroom for the Spring Formal, Friday, May 6, or a charge of $1.00 per couple will be made. —SCHLUNDT.
Tan Beta Pi: All pledge essays must be turned in by Tuesday, May 10. —MUSHAM.
ENMES THE FLAVOR OF ANY TOBACCO
HONEY IN THE BOWL (Yellow) i
Honey in Yello-Bole improves all tobaccos. You spend at least $20 for tobacco m a year —$1 spent on Yello-BoIe makes that $20 worth of tobacco taste twice as good I Get yours.
ELLO-iOLE
RCG U S PAT OFF.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your ' selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
WILL YOUR MOTHER BE PROUD OF YOU SUNDAY?
1/ you’re not sure, send that suit to us right away and we’ll have it back looking as good as new. We do the finest work possible, using the most modern and sanitary methods, and charge only one price.
West Side Cleaners Called for and Delivered
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H.G. REISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISE DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER'’A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHABPENED New Mowers 6.50 and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPT'S Plions 2828-209-11N. 5th St
• Auto Bental
. RENT A CAR Drive It Youraeli THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784 • Florist Inc. 635 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 • Beauty Studio
exclusive BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727