* I 1.
i
/
', " '•'’ :?f} , :■: >.j Yx'*: ' ' '• <- yi < } ^
#riM iM h4n*i<^ today's Summary Of War N&ws
Chieaso Bally News Foreign S«rHeo Copyright, 1940. Chicago Bally Kewa, Inc. biggest Victory Most of three Italian divisions iiave been desttni^ed or baptdrfed in litfestem hnd "the i^hble 'Sc'oastal tegidh) Ivith the axceptioA bf one 01^ t'^iro Joints, is iti itie hahds bf imW^fti troops/’ Prxhib lilliniStdr ^httiPwiiii tbi^ thb tlbuSe 6i Cdhaibons tbdhiir. tlaitb disp&tchbs offi•bially efeiiifhlited the kSdtnfefer bf ^risottbfl^ ihbS’b ihhh ^,0o6. i" * Sidi iShtthdi ib “the bigj^eSt Vic* tbrjr this i^tisk ttoeb^ haVe had an^whfete Since this IVbr befeAh,^ riabites fteibh Kirkpatrick. boi^binatibh bf frontal attack i;ila, 16 ihiibs east bf Sidi Skbraki» and a thniSt throbfeh t/^IcA dank rehbking the coast alt Bd^ Bdq Succeeded in CHitting oif the Italians from rfeihfbrcethents for Libya.” >)< « a Italians whb attenopted tb cbuHterattack ih the ttbrthern sectibll ef Albania ^re dHven back with the loss of the pbsitions from which they attacked, A-thcns reports today. Prisbhers and war materials tvere taken, the Greeks announced. * 4< >■< British Needs Following a speech urging more American aid to Britain—a speech that ivas read by a cblleafeue because he was unable to make it in person—^Lotd Lothian, the British ambassador to the United States, died early today Jtt Washington. * * * “In addition to airplanes, armaments and steel, what Great Britain most needs are ships> ships, ships, deteording to Sir Walter Laytori, ne'W^ representative of the British Ministry of Supply^ in an exclusive statement given to me on the eve of his departure for Canada,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer from Washington. * * • Dutch Still In If A Dutch warship is operating in West Indian waters against Nafci shipping, it was revealed today in the anrioilncement from London that the German merchantman Rhein, wkich put out frofh Mexico, had been captured by the Van Kingsberger. lucky Mixer Couples Will Win Refreshment Prizes . Six lucky couples at the regular Saturday night mixer will receive a pleasant surprise in the form of pass-out checks stamped for free refreshments in the Sweet Shop. The stamped checks will be mixed with the regular slips when they are distributed during intermission. Decorations and backdrop for the mixer, -dTliicK is to be held in the south ballrioom of the Union, will be the sarilfe as those Used at the Riveter’s llassle. Bob lAcKittrick and his band from Indianapolis will furnish the toUsic. a.w.
81
West Lidoyette, bidicnia
niddy, tke^Wmr l#KI
l^mopCapldfes laiipS Ia Number fwd Mmtnancf liSllsoil Iktilf Shiparfx Sflal'k jSilj^rfing Cast By ikohiiiri Sie^s Captriring laUghs ahd ‘iVhOlehearted audience ap^roValv the cast of Playshop’S sebOhd ^rodriction of ibhe yearv “What A Liffe” crime through last night Wilih Moti^^ krst rate perforriirihce. Srihi Marks should be ^Ven ri grekt deal of credit for fine Work dn the first play of his directirig career. An outstanding performance Was turned in by John Hobson, plriyittg the part of Ferguson, the detective, ttis portrayal of the tough, humorous cob Was one rif the best chriracterizations of the comedy. Also to be listed among the top notch cast members was Johnny Goll, who brought the role of Henry Aldrich into the proper riudience cOhcebtiOn of such a student. So realistibally did Ab Schepkrtz portray Mr. Vecchitto that “ain’t you got no bananas” was expected at any minute from the mustached gentleman. Supporting Cast Adds Betty Erick again scored for herself as Miss Shea. Miss Erick has a faculty for turning out very neat performances. The parts of the principal and assistant principal were creditably performed by Don Salmond and Bill Sharpies, respectively. A good supporting cast of typical teachers and students did its share in adding to the performance. On High School Level Noticed among the comments of the audience was that the play itself was not up to the college level. General concensus of opinion was that Playshop is capable of doing a less high-schoolish production, and that the play selecting committee had slipped somewhat in ita choice for the second play. Both the stage crew and make-up crew should be given credit for good jobs in their respective lines. Playshop’s season thus far seems to be generally progressing for the better. Ndwman Club ... is presenting a combined Christmas party and dance in both faculty lounges of the Union Saturday evening^ December 14, at 9:00 o’clock.
From The Acres South Of State
Hoof And Horn Hoof rii^ Horn, animal husbahdty club, held its monthly meetihg Oh Tuesday feVeniUg. Features rif Ihe meetihs^ t^ere ihe club’s presentation of Itiodals to the livestock judging tfearii and the team’s presentatiori bf k teU gallon hrifc 1)6 Professor W. W. Smith, their corich. Lamb QbalifjsStliddI Id. P. Mitcheli, Of ih^^frirjm irianagement department and Idiris fe. I. BUel, Of the homo ecOhOtriiOS dObartment, ahfe conducting a lamh quality schobl today at Winchester. The burpOse of the school is to promote the use of more muttoh and mutton products. Dairy Club The Dairy ttlub held its monthly meeting Tuesd&y evening. R. Fifer, secretary Of the Ihdianri Mahufao* turers of Dairy Products assodrition, adofOssed the meeting rind prOseniOd tWO movies on eritployrie tkainihg. Milk CoopeirafiVnt Dr, t. It* tlOWdeh, of the farm manrigeirient depanmept, ririeht yerimrday in indiahripolis ^ehdlng i4le moi^tniy moetirig of ilho iriilk llooperriti^b inririageiiri. dri^dOh i^ris arrariglht ibt Sreseahch ri^ich the UhirriMity Crirrbri rih the association.
Animal Husb. Seminar S' Professor J. H. Hilton of the Dairy Husbandry Department will preside. Students of the dkiry, poultry, agricultural chemistry, animal husbandry, knd veterinary science divisions are expected to attend, and any others interested in the seminar are invited, a.w. Herticullure Meetings Many members of the ^agricultural teaching staff and many extension workers are attending the annual meetings of the State Horticultural Society and the State Vegetable Growers association held Tuesday, yesterday and continuing today in Indianapolis. Among those on the program are J. J. Davis, G. E. Lehkar, R. C. Bkines and G. D. ScarsOth, all of the University Staff.
Gay Ninety Costumes, Contests, Prizes Featured At Riveters' Rassle Tonight
Rasslen Will Dance ToNattowles'Dand; Read Police GaieMe
DbbrhTbPrdride Personn^ Photos
Pduffty Dr. 3. iftolmes mkrtiii hrid Professor S. E. ScWotzldi’ i«he ipoid> try department attembd and prbsented s^Vriral pap^s before h tijistate poultry breeding school held ftiekday and yesterday in Poht Wa^e. 1%ie school was conducted by the poultry d#aftmcmt udth Ihri cooperation of the Ohiri arid itichigrin poultry departments.
Arrangements have befen made with Debris whereby the yearbook pictures may be Usfed on the new form senior personnel data sheets. Under this plari, which eliminates the necessity for individuals having separate pictures taken, the yearbook pictures will be sent'with the orders and printed on the blanks at the same time. Orders for the special sheets will be received imtil December 17, at which time Debris will release the pictures for use. To assist in placing orders a table will be maintained near the voting booth at Prom elections. Orders may also be placed with the Activities Bureau, or Dave Jordan, SAE house. If requested the orders will be delivered at home during Christmas vacation, otherwise they will be withheld for delivery until after school reopens, w.m.c. Music Organizations Will Present Annual YuletideConvoWed. Christmas convo featuring University musical organizations will be held in the Hall of Music at 8 o’clock next Wednesday night. The faculty committee on religious convocations, under the chairmanship of Professor L. Hadley of the mathematics department, sponsors this
annual event.
Included in the program will be celeste preludes by Joanne Lloyd, selections ’ from “The Nutcracker Suite” by the University orchestra, carol singing by the audience under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and a Christmas Choralogue by the C,oncert and University choirs. Madern dance grofip consisting of co-eds under the instruction of Miss Helen Knight of the women’s physical education departmtent Will assist the orchestra in the fihal number of “The Nutcracker Suite,” while William Heath will serve as narrator. Mollie Harditig will be soloist for the Choralogue. The public will be admitted'without charge to this^ convo. f.i.j. Skull And Crescent Fixes Cotillion Date Plrine for the sophomore cdtillion were discussed last night at the monthly meeting of Sktill apd Crescent, sophomore honorary. The date for the chance has been set for February 29 apd final arrangements will be made as soon as the cotillion budget is released. Jake Davis is chairman of the cotillion committee and in his absgpee Curt Lanius, president of Skull and Crescent announced the committee sub-chairman and their committees. Decorations are under the chairmanship of Bob Sfeeburger and his committee consists of Ed Esping, Jipi Stiver, A1 Katz and Bill Mansfield. Tom Peppier is in* charge of tickets and sairie. His ebmmittee members are Brib Tpn->. Eyck, Roy Goers, Bill Etybaek, Bob Sbrnariekiv end l^n 'dir'dVes, BkP^Uet bommittlee ts hkaded by Hbn Brophy. Compiittriemen kre iiU Clark, dee Grkgotsr^ Ted NoVriy,
and Bob Stone*
Two other chairmen have been chosen, A1 Pastrick and Bill Buggies, but the committriks are not
yet named. ^
Keys were discussed arid it was decided thrit pfesideri^ Curt Lanius ahriuid get samples and keerip^ trids. Choice will Im made at the January
meelirig. kmp.
By Batty Byan Tonight’s the night when anything in the way of costumes goes. It’s that long awaited Biveter’s Bassle holding forth in both ballrooms of the Union. Nat Towles and his 14-piece orchestra will start furnishing the music at nine o’clock frir all bf the brawl-goers. In keepirig with the cbVer of the Police Gazette, a Varga girl in one of those poses, the backdrop is a large copy of the paper, also with the female angle. Orchestra fronts are on the conservative side so they won’t detract from the display of pulchritude. Campaigning As the febriplfes tenter tke rasslihg ring, they will be looked over by a substitute for the Will Hajms office, arid ii ariy are over-exposed, they will be given a ticket for the Bowery Night Court and expected to appear in front of said Court at the proper time. The two political parties on campus will do extensive campaigning just inside the door, so don’t bother to buy cigarettes for your date, fellows, make her smoke cigars. Contests will be going on all evening. There will be prizes awarded for: the longest' and heaviest beard (pity his date); the reddest (bet he wears pmk); the peachfuzziest (feather-duster type); and the curliest (he’ll use “bobby” pins). The judges of this contest have not been announced, but the contestants needn’t care. They can’t get a thrill through a beard. Another contest will be held to decide i;he dirtiest pair of senior cords. Mary Kay Miller will comment oh the relative filth ahd award prizes accordingly. The dirt must hate been acquired honeltly and duting the daily routine. Or do the seniors go to school often enough to get them dirty 7 Diariioritl Jim Yeu Woh*t recognize your friends tonight, according to some of the reports of different costumes. A “Diamond Jim” Brady and his moll have promised to attend and ate doubling with the cop and the Srilvatioft Army lassie. Well, anything goes. Besides, there will be prizes for the most original costume, tke most grotesque ahd the most typical. All you town boys and girls, go up in the attic and see what you can find in that old trunk. Nothing is too outlandish. Tickets for this annual shin-dig are manuscripts with all sorts of decorations, well worth the all-time low of lri9^ penUies. Malicious rumors have it that more than one couple is planhing to bring the money in those pennies and demand their half penny change. And there weren’t many Scotch students listed in the directory! Officers To Attend Luncheon Tuesday First Cadet ofiicers luncheon will be held ih the north ballroom of the Union, Tuesday, December 17, at 12 o’clock nobn. These luncheoris ate sponsored riy the military department to promote better acquaintance among the Gadget ofiicers and the regular bffleerb who are stationed at the University. Colonel Beere, Briofessor of Military Science and Tactics, will speak. fickets, which may hte obtained from members of the luncheon committee, lua^ hb paid for in cash or may be drarihted tke ne:^pajl. tlriiforms need riot tie worn. w.l.lb.
MHkary Homtary Pledges To Parade TomorTorir night between dusk and dawn, 37 Scabbard and Blade pledges ^11 Ibe put through the paces of rough initiation, f The pledges, dressed in typical rough night costumes and singing typical songs, will march around the campus between the hours of 9:30 and 10:30 o’clock. During the course df their jourUfey, the colorfully dressed brigade of loud voiced pledges will visit the Union building. All actives, especially alumni, are urged tb attend and join in the fun. Members of the pledge blass are W. L. Holcomb, J. W. Christy, H. E. Harvey, J. E. Storms, G. R. Jungerman, D. D. Kennedy, J. D. Brummett, A. W. YatOs, B. S. JUCkeWicz, W. F. Silcock, J. P. Slater, E. P. Caldwell, R. E. Jansing, J. D. Fisher, G. A. Fritzle, R. A. Dilts, W. M. Dempster, M. L. Norris, C. W. Carmichael, J. R. McCann, D. L. Yeager, S. D. Marquis, G. W. Brewer, R. H. K^llog, J. E. Crimm, P. E. Hassler, J. A. Dillon, M. E. Keck, A. A. Topp, J. F. Day and F. N. Graf. Mrs. Hemler Appears
\
With Symphonic Band At Christmas Concert Nationally known as a lyric soprano and pioneer radio artist, Mrs. Opal Hemler will appear before Purdue and Lafayette music loVers as guest artist with the* Purdue Symphonic Band rin its Christmas concert this Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Hall of Music. Mrs. Hemler, a native of Ohio, comes to Purdue with a reputation as a fine artist iri the concert and operatic fieldO, although shfe ohee refused an offer to perform with the Metropolitan Opera company. After completion of her musical studies in New York and Cleveland conservatories, she was soloj§t,for many seasons with the Welsh Male Chorus and was engaged as principal artist at the Salt Lake City convention of InteruatiOnal Rotary Clubs. Mi’S. Hemlet Vras also soloist on the first broadcast of sirition WT (CbntihuOd OU page 4)
Register At WeMing Session OuDDiiHi Manufaeturers Show New WeldiUjl Machiiioi First session of the sixteenth annual Welding Conference opened OU trio crimpus yestebdriy- aftUrUoon, attended by oVer 360 MdUSttirilists from all over the nation. Representatives from 17 lading concerns^ in the welding industry opened th^ two-day program with e:thibits abd demoristrations of their equipment. Displays by the mrihttfectUrerS are bn eithibit in the Michael Golden Shops. Systematizing Roy Thompson of Danville, III., and L. W. Lindley Of the tIniVMsity staff joined in presenting a discussion of the business problems encountered in the operating of a welding firm under the topic of “Systematizing the Job Shop.” Paul Case, University weldibg instructor, demonstrated “What Happens Inside of a Weld Under Stress” with the aid of photo-elastic models at the evening session. First for this morriing John H. Zimmerman Of the Linde Air Products of New York will spoak On the “Modem Application of Bl^me Crifttng ProCesseS.^’Irt the Afi^rheon H. S. Card, Director of Product Development at the Formed Steel Tube Institute of Cleveland, Ohio, will discuss “Welding Tubing,’? at the last technical meeting of the conference. | Principle Heparture In all, approximately 566 are ^- pected to register for this year’s meeting. The principle departure of this session from procedures of former years, is the large number of demonstrations and clinics provided in order to clarify the practical applications of new equipment and. design to the problems of the welding industry. Professor C. W. Beese, head of the Department of General Engineering, is in charge of thte BtOgfrim for this cOrtferenbe, whidi is sponsored by the Departmont Of Engineering Extension, the Department of General Engineering, and the various concerns contributing equipment and demonstrators. Mixed kecreOtiba , ... will be held from 7:dfi to tonight in the Memorial gymnasium. Everybody is welcome to parHclpatte in sUriirimiAg!, bridnm^ri, volleyball, fencing, ping pong, shufflebeard, etc. Miss Case will givte Itenteirig ihabiirili<kih 10 rill desire them.
Garrett, '22, Builds Giant Metw For Testing Moddi Army Plains
By R. R. Runnion Lessons appear endless and sometimes far too much for Our seemingly tiny mentalities. Did you ever, while in the midst of some particularly hideous assignment, sit back and wonder just why ? Why all this? Then the story of Russell A. Garrett’s work should be a fine inspiration for you. An electrical engineer of the class of ’22, he is now engaged in the important work of figuring construction particulars for the power, Control, and lighting equipment for the largest and high-est-speed Wind tunnfel in the World. It’s to be used in testing large model military planes—up to fifteen feet wingoriread—rfOr thte U. S. Air Corps at Wright Field, Driyton, O. Hit With Bernoulli This gi^ntic air hole is going be almost bight hundred feet long and ^11 hdVd a vriryint diameter of flrim ^ figty iteet. With a breoTO breezing through there ft 4ob mph, th&k of the fun good old SemoulU wordd riave riad applying
his principle in odd coimers. Think of the immense volume aite required to keep this Up. Arid of the size of the motors needed to supply itl Large Bize Well, this power plant is So Irig that the old Crashing maebSSri inotor at home wouldn’t be ris big if its size were mriltiplied rind its power by Iri,00ft. ht dSidi garganturin virind makter m Xh big, that three three-tear garrig^ siaiyA- ^ ed on top of one another would be crowded to contain its 40,d0ri borses. You get the idea. The miHve powter <«^pd|«ie!rit, iricludint 2^6 t^ of tor sets and the 125-toa mo^ (largest wotn^ rotor indrieriNm type machine ever undertakenK la beb^ bvdit kg WasbMlbi^fciib nt a cost of approximately one milli^ dollars. And Russell A, Barrett hi doialg aUtbis. So thote, yori rode puslundk thaBs the wby of aU this. Noi«r git baektdtbatHmm1.
A V .SI
Y i 4 / 1 »s
’♦it
fiehp 2 “^MbtABA
Friday, Ddceubor 13, 1940
fiju^dtUL £xpmiujit
\
' f ( t
The ^th Colmmi
See by the paper where Britain has just completed a loan to China. Now we’re more of the simple minded type, and we don’t quite get this. In our line of thinking it kind of runs this way. (1) Britain gets down on her knees, crys in her beer, and begs us to lend her a couple of billion. We can’t. Johnson act yon know. | • ♦ ♦ f * '* So to ease the strain on her pocket book (2) she makes k loan to China. China in turn (3) proceeds to lose the entire business to Japan. Japan (4) uses it to buy scrap iron from us. We get more gold to bury at Fort Knox.
Britain gets down on her knees and begs to borrow it. She can’t. Johnson act . . . This is where we came in.
The whole set-up is shot full of economic waste. Tdo many middlemen. Now the only way to solve that is for the English to ship the money direct to us. And let us send the scrap iron to Japan.
Japan then turns the iron into shells which the Chinese steal. Saving them the trouble of borrowing the money.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u eecond elase matter at the pofA office hi Lffayette, Indiana, nndcfr the act of CongrcM of March 8. 1879. and at the epeoial rate of pottaae nroeided for In ■ection 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorieed January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer ScMion. Delirered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, maO aubBcription $8.60. Editoavln-Chief K. W. Ihmahne Business Maioager Mario Hagemsyer
Publication Staff News Editor ————— J. M. McKee Managing Editor . D. K. Heiple Associate Editon: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, K. M. Skallemp, J. 1,. Traugott. Business Staff Local Adrerrising Managers: D. S. Powers, 6. 0. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. P. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Becktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary E^y Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor -—— J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. 0. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Serriee, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Skallemp Day Editor: Siess Ass’t. Night Editor: Hadley Sports Editor: Adamson ^ Staff: C. R. Macintosh, W W Butz, R R. Runnion, W. Rayford, T. B. Novey, W. M Clark, R. A Tewksbury, M J. Fox, A. Wickard, M. Boynton, P. Howard, B. Lahr
Applicable on debt from World War No. 1.
Which fixes everything except where we can dig a bigger hole to hide the money in.
As an additional policy. China sends part of the finished shells back to us, discharging the debt for the scrap iron. Which makes the British donation . . . gratis and therefore . . .
Then as soon as they get that debt paid off, we can loan them more money, which they can loan to China, which China can lose to Japan, which Japan can use to buy scrap iron from us. Simple, huh?
All we gotta do now is bury that gold.—dkh
JjoUl
Pi Tau Sigma Initiates 25 Pledges At Banquet
Elections Again
At Wednesday night’s basketball game both political parties exhibited their skill as showmen by entertaining the students with the clever signs and stunts regarding next Tuesday’s election. In the contest of showmanship we declare them equal. What we would like to know is what are they going to do when they are elected? As yet neither party has submitted to the student body their platform. Both have hidden behind the camaflauge of ballyhoo that adds to the so-called color of the campus. The election is three days away. Do the political leaders plan to submit any platform or are they going to try to ride into power on a slogan? Do they plan to give the student voters a tangible reason for voting or are they after all just showmen? The fact that neither party has been interested enough in presenting a platform means either that the platforms have not been given any serious thought or that the parties would prefer not to be tied down with some definite promises. It seems to us that anyone who was really serious about becoming a member of Prom or Gala week committees would have some constructive ideas on the subject. If on the other hand the parties intend to submit their platforms next Tuesday morning we don’t believe that they are being fair with the students. To the political parties we say, you’ve played up the personnel of your tickets, now what do the candidates plan to do besides go to Prom?
Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, initiation banquet held in room 363 of the Union last night, had as its principal speaker Professor G. A. Hawkins, who gave an illustrated lecture on boiler tube failures. Professor Hawkins, of the experimental division of the Mechanical Engineering School, was awarded the Pi Tau Sigma gold medal in 1940 at the ASME convention in New York last week for his research in steam boilers.
The banquet, held following the formal initiation in the Pi Tau Sigma reading room of the Mechanical Engineering building, honored the following pledges; Professor H. A. Bolz (honorary), S. B. Anderson, A. E. Bachmann, D. G. Blaine, C.
Hockema Continues His Inspection Trip
Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, is passing the mid-mark of his sixty day leave this week at Yale University and Stevens Institute of Technology, where he is gathering data on problems of higher education. Professor Hockema’s study, which is under the auspices of the Carnegie Foundation, has taken him to many mid-western and eastern institutions this past month. Tuesday night he was guest of honor at a dinner given by Purdue alumni at Connecticut State College, with Uon White, ’21, famed Purdue basketballer and now coach of Coimecticut, and Mrs. White as hostesses. Also present at the banquet were George Van Bibbei^;'’30,
football star, now Connecticut University athletic director; Charles “Stretch” Murphy, ’30, ex cage man in charge of boy’s club work at Bridgeport, Conn.; W. B. Young, ’25, one time track star here, now professor of animal husbandry at Connecticut; and President and Mrs. Jorgeson. r.r.r.
SLIGHTLY USED
PHONOGRAPH
RECORDS
LATEST POPULAR
TUNES
HfOIBODKMimYnPliE
906 WES
fjo ITATE fmcf
rfST UPAVETTI MO
MENTION THIS ADD AND GET 3 for 25c
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE RItEAD an4 FASTERIES
JFnttniily and Sorerily
SffCIALTT
LANVIN’S, MY SIN PERFUME One to Stir the Senses, Also — Arp4ge, Scandal, Rumeur, or Pr4texte Priced from $3.00
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
■ADDEB— FIRST RUN NEWS
Joein* ^Round By Peg-Howarid
We just heard a sad, sad, story. It seems that a certain poor, old scrubwoman in Indianapolis, wanting to impress her friends at the Fireman’s Ball, borrowed some jewels from her employer’s safe. Since her employer didn’t notice their disappearance, everything would have been all right—^but she lost them. Now, kiddies, we don’t want to see this lady have a sad Christmas, ^ do we? Well, if each and every one of you would send a nickel or dime to the poor, old lady she could replace the jewels. Of course, I don’t want to divulge the lady’s name (her boss might read the Exponent), so if you’ll just send your money to me, immediately, in care of this column, I’ll take care of the whole thing. And will also get my Christmas shopping done early!
Now, that we’re all in the proper Christmas spirit of giving, we’ll try to give all you Joes and Josephines a brief idea of the dances to be looking forward to during the coming week. Starting out with tonight’s big event we find, of course, the Brawl complete with costumes, prizes, and everything in full sway in both ballrooms. 'As you know this dance is an annual affair sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi, journalistic fraternity (plug). The dance used to be called the Riveter’s Rassel, which was thought too crude, so the more refined name, Boilermaker’s Brawl was brought into use. And at the same time bathing suits were barred from the dance.
Tomorrow afternoon at three, the “Campus Varieties” will be presented in the North Ballroom. These campus-talent radio shows are open to all students and you, joes, would
E. Bowman, D. R. Cooley," D. A. Gray, E. L. Gregory, L. G. Hansen, P. S. Henze, F. W. Herr, R. A. Hogue, H. C. Lafferty, J. R. McCann, D. B. Nelson, E. O. Nordsiek, G. A. Nothmann, N. A. Ochiltree, G. K. Smith, N. F. Smith, R. V. Thayer, F. J. Wood, W. H. Woodrow, F. T. Thomas, and T. M. Stit-
ler. m.k.b.
1
HOLLOW-GROUHD RAZORBLADES 50/br^/*
Better because It’s HOUOW-GROUMD like a barber’s razor
Give him a new thrill with PAL Blades. Because PAL Blades are hollow-ground ♦hey give a quicker, smoother shave. A year’s supply for a dollar. The , perfect gift for any and •very man. ttln Speqial Gift Wrapper
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Toiletries
Street Floor
By Lichty
‘It’s a pity to move out of the neighborhood just when they get to know us and let us read all their magazines.”
be sure to find some good entertainment there.
Now, for tomorrow night we’ve really compiled a list of dances that will take your breath away (paid ad by Adam’s Clove Gum, by jove): Starting in alphabetical order, we find the Alpha Chi’s entertaining at a Christmas pledge dance at the chapter house. The Wabash Ambassadors will play for the strictly formal affair. Npxt on our list are the A.T.O.’s who are also giving a formal dance at their house tomorrow night. Maurice Arnheim from Indiana is going to play.
play. The affair will be strictly foimal. In the Faculty Lounges of the Union the Newman Club will entertain its members Saturday night at a dance and party. All members are to bring inexpensive gifts to the party, which are to be drawn grabbag style. After the party these gifts will be given to charities. The dance is informal and music will be furnished by recordings. Over at the Phi Delta Theta House a Christmas formal will also be in progress Saturday night. Maury Mahn’s band is going to furnish the “beat me daddy eight to the bar” here.
The Delta Chi’s and Delta Gammas, brother and sister fraternity and sorority, are entertaining together tomorrow night. Their dance will be in the North ballroom and Bernie Vance from Chicago will
LIMA
TODAY-SAT.—2 HITS r
ALSO
BABY SANDY STUART ERWIN _IN—. 'SANDY GETS HER MAN'
-U I
n \
—TODAY -TOMORROWTWO FIRST RUN HITS!
^SAINF SOLVES PERFECT GRIME’! Take up the trail with fiction’s famous sleuth.
wiia GEORGE SANDERS WENDY DARRIE Jbnathan Hale •Paul Guilfoyle • Morgan Conway
plus-
her DAY OF DREAINS-COME* TRUCl
eUh BARBARA READ MAN MOWBRAY IVIHSOr
JOHN ARCHER
Judy sings her way into your heart again...in her first big solo starring hit!
Starts TOMORROW
-LAST TIMES^TODAY—
4') -; / 7. " ’ i
ru7„.r ,,, upv.v ^ ^ V '- rM"- ' ) / .
' ' v^f-v i. ; f
t ‘K
i\ > I
fijUAd^tt, ^XfUH^i^
i" ij5i J >' ' , ( J> i!." i/* < , ^ V; ? “ ' 'a -i ^ ' <
Fridoy. December 13, 1940
^ f w jr^cuf'/ !^'>a if /i ' ^ 'i "* V^^l
vfi 1, ('L ft
(paga 3-SfiofdA
■ ./'tjlifj
Fourteen Mafmen leave For Midwest Hardwood Warriors Continue Intensive Workouts
Wrestling Tourney At Chicago Today Leaving for the Windy City today at about one o'clock, Coach Reeck’s 1940 wrestling squad will get its first taste of competition for the y'ear when they will tangle with other amateur matmen in the McKinley Park Fieldhouse. Freshmen aspirants for honors in the art of grunt and groan as well as their varsity mat-mates will have an opportunity to try their strength against the wrestlers from other schools and organizations.
Fourth Time For the fourth time in as many years the Chicago Park District has sponsored the Midwest Wrestling Championships. This tourney is now looked forward to by local matmen as one of the more important events of the season especially since it provides competition with wrestlers of other teams under actual match conditions, and allows them to obtain experience before going into competition against wrestlers from other schools in regular scheduled meets. Most of the squads in the Big Nine will be represented in the tourney. Notable among these are Indiana, last yeaif’s conference champions, and Ohio State, one of the Boilermaker’s greatest threats. Many other schools both in and out of the conference are also to have teams on tap. While the majority of the contestants will probably represent either schools or other organizations supporting wrestling
1
teams any amateur may enter the competition. Weighing is scheduled to start at three p. m. today while houts are to begin at about eight this evening. Matches are to continue tonight until only eight men remain in each weight class. Tomorrow at two in the afternoon, bouts will again get under way and will be completed when all but four men in each class are eliminated. Semi-finals begin at eight tomorrow night while finals will be held later the same evening. Lead by co-captains Caseir Fredericks and John Papurca, ?i squad of 14 will leave Lafayette this afternoon. Of the 14, seven are freshmen while the rest are varsity men. Fredericks and freshman W. MacDonald will represent the 121 pound class. M. Matovina will wrestle in the 128 pound division, while J. Foster and E. Thatcher will compete in the 136 pound class.
POPCORN —It's Healthy—Keeps You Fit— Sack 5c Gallon 15c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
ARROW SHIRTS — A MAN’S GIFT —
MONOGRAMED FREE HERSEY^S *^WHERE EVERY SHIRT IS AN ARROW” 507 Main St. Lahr Hotel Building
Who^s Who at a House Party THE CRINKLE CHEST (Every fraternity has one). He’s miserable enougli with his ancient off-color dress shirt, but when it buckles and leaves its mooring and goes “crinkle crunch,” he dies a million deaths. Since you can’t keep him locked in the cellar, tell him about Arrow Shoreham, the soft pleated bosom dress << shirt with the comfortfible semi-soft collar ‘attached, $3. See your Arrow dealer, (For tails — Arrow Kirk, very smart, very smoothfitting. $3.)
ARROW SHIRTS
An
lllusitns
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Had it not been for the watchful eye of Dr. Miller after Wednesday night’s battle with Wayne University, Purdue, in about two or three months would be singing the swan son for Frosty Sprowl, dependable and unexcitable forward, also unemotional, —I-I— As the second half started, Sprowl intercepted a pass in the middle of the court while he was performing the Lambert specialty, pressure defense, and started for the basket at top speed when, according to Frosty, something within him gave way, and it was all he could do to get in position for the short shot. Frosty immediately called time out, but hiS heart was doing sixty miles per hour; so he came out of the ball game. _I.I_ After the game, Sprowl told me that his number “7” looked like “7777” his heart was going so fast. On examination Dr. Miller discovered a naughty pair of tonsils, which excreting their deadly toxin into the blood stream, was making the old ticker do double duty. Frosty admitted that his tonsils had been in that condition since his high school days at Oblong, 111., but heretofore had never bothered him. _I-I_ Dr, Miller informed us that he wanted to take Frosty’s tonsils out during the football season, but that the junior athlete wanted to play ball without interruption. What a little medical care will do!
Riveter Squashmen invade Capital City ForMatchWith lAC The Old Gold and Black squash team is in Indianapolis today, and at 4:00 this afternoon they will engage the Indianapolis Athletic Club in the first of a pair of week-end matches. Tomorrow afternoon the squad will tackle the Lawson Club o^ Chicago, at Chicago. In three previous meets the squad has made an excellent showing; they won two of the three played. Starting off the season in finpf style, the Riveters annexed the first tilt from the Springfield (Ohio) Squash Club by the score of 5 to
0.
After dropping the second match to the Wright Air Corps at Wright Field, Ohio, the squad returned to winning form when they defeated the Culver team 4 to 1 here in the Fieldhouse last Saturday afternoon. The following men are named as those who will make the trip*: Captain Jim Mann, MacMillan, Goldstein, Smith, Green, Fant, and Hartley, r.w.d. IhK Schedules SQUASH Friday, December 13 In FINA1.S 7 '00 (Sigma Alpha Mu or Alpha Tau Omega) vs (Sigma Chi or Sigma Pi) 7 00 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs .Tnangle or Phi Kappa Phi)
BASKETBALL Friday, December 13 Court 1: Harry Schwartz 7:00 Ward 28 vs Ward 6 7:16 Ward 32 vs Ward 89 8:00 Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 8:16 Ward 36 vs Ward 37 Court 2 i C H Bechenbach 7 ‘00 Ward 26 vs Ward 1 7 ’16 Ward 26 vs Ward 2 8.00 Ward 27 vs Ward 3 8:16 Ward 6 vs Ward 29 Court 3 H. Goldstein 7-00 Ward 38 vs Ward 21 7:15 Ward 16 vs Ward 40 8.00 Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Kappa Sigma 8 15 Ward 23 vs Ward 24 Court 4: George Doherty 7 :00 Alpha Tau Omega vs Theta Xi 7 -le Theta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 8 :00 Theta Tau vs Delta Chi
DRESS SHIRTS FOR TUXEDO OR FULL DRESS
VAN HEUSEN and ARROW We cqrry a complete selection with startched bosom neck !band, pleated bosom neck band and pleated bosom collar attached. Priced at $2.00 and $3.00 Lido Collars 35c Duncan Collars 25c
Meet the Team
Presenting...
Don Blanken
One of the deadliest sharpshooters in the Big Ten Conference is the Riveter’s own Don Blanken, who last year won the praise of all his team’s opponents and was named as a forward on the All-Conference quintet. Winning this honor as a sophomore is testimony to the fine all-around play of the lanky Boilermaker whose unusual “wrist-
Frosty Sprowl Faces Tonal Operation Tomorrow; Out For Next ThreeGames Continuing in high gear in preparation for the Wabash game Tuesday, Coach Piggy Lambert's wards stressed defensive tactics in their hardwood drill yesterday. A team composed of Igney, Galvin, Conrad, Tierney, and Riley also worked high scoring offensive plays against a sophomore contingent.
Sprowl Out
The only cloud of gloom following the rout of Wayne U., is the fact that “Frosty” Sprowl will be out of the line-up until the Indiana State Teachers fracas January 2. Tomorrow “Frosty” will have his tonsils taken out in an effort to check the weakened condition caused by the secretion of poison from the infect-
ed part.
Referring to the game with Wayne, Piggy commented that the showing made here by the Motor City boys was probably caused by the defense employed by the Boilermaker quintet. “Also, bad luck on shots that didn’t hit during the first of the game upset their offensive. However, their season’s record will probably show them to be a much better ball club; more like the one that last year beat Oregon, ^lational Intercollegiate Champs,” concluded Lambert. Wabash Tough Wabash, the next Riveter foe, is expecting a great team this year and demonstrated their power in losing to Northwestern 32-35, after leading most of the game. It will mark the first time in several years that the Cqvemen and the Bbilermakers have tangled on the nardwood. b.d.s.
Ward 28 Garners Swimming Crown Ward 28 took charge of the Intramural Ward Swimming Meet last night, and when the spray had cleared away the above-mentioned tankmen had piled up IS pointB. Secoijid place went to Ward 9 with 11, and Ward 2 grabbed the third spot with 10 tallies. ' Juengst of Ward 9 made himself the star of the festivities by garnering all 11 of his team’s points. Hansel took the individual runnerup honors with ten. Summary: 100 yd. backstroke—'1st, Garrett (7), 2nd, McCarthy (28), 1:20.8. / 100 yd. breaststroke—1st, Carroll (12) ; 2nd, Jnengst (9), 1:17.8. 100 yd. freestyle—1st, Hansel (2); 2nd, Harvey (4), :68.8. 60 yd. freestyle—^Ist, McCarthy (28); 2nd, Harvey (4), :26.2. 220 yd. freestyle—1st, Hansel (2) ; 2nd, Jnengst (9) 2 :^.5. \ Diving—1st, Jnengst (9) ; 2nd, Harvey (4). 200 yd. relay—Won by Ward 28 (McCartby, Bailey, Bailey, Erni) 2:36.
Don Blanken twist” shots helped boost the team to the top of the circuit and put his own name ninth in the conference scoring list. Don is a member of Phi Kappa Tau fraternity here on the campus and is a junior in the PE school. His favorite sport is baseball and his hobby is keeping a scrapbook of na-tion-wide sporting events as depicted in newspapers and magazines. '
9ELECT A CRESTED GIFT THAT ONLY YOU CAN GIVE SEE THEM TODAY AT BUE-PAT STORE 113 Northwestern — Phone 2523 USE QUIT .CHRISTMAS LAYAWAY PLAN
* I ££ Water-Bloc* Hal ^ib a nev LfcK* ^
The LEE TEL •5.69 Willnotonly improve your Hat-i-tude but your appearance as well.It's not the same old hat. The mirror t^lls the story. • ^ • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat...13.59.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YOBK, N. Y. tkREa U a FATENT OFFICE
f, ^ « ' f V t'w *"«.'** 1 'i a KvJL
iPriday« becember 13, 1940
.ti ^11
ar iiiiiKiiititfiAijyi
WaiJhuk^lBin
Hart on Capitol Hill By C. J. Htlrt President Roosevelt cruises in central American waters. Vice-President Wallace, Ambassador plenipotentiary and extraordinary to the Mexican inaugural, cajoles the Mexicans in the native tongue. The wife of a former Chilean Pt^sident, critically ill, is fldwn to her native land, at the personal commafld of the President of the United States, in an Army — " "
bomber. Betty Grable displays her Shapely legs in “Ddwn Argentine Way.” Secretary of Navy Knox dines with the President of Panama. Students of the U. S. are sent to South American countries, and South American countries reciprocate. “My Day” makes its debut in Mexican papers. All of these things are merely the outward manifestation of what this country is trying to do to cultivate the Pan-American brand of being “good neighbors.” I had the opportunity of talking to an Argentine doctor. He has been studying this country for the past year—trying to get an understanding of what the people and their institutions and culture are like. He met and talked with miners, students, musicians, architects, steel workers, farmers; he has studied our theater, our journalism, literature, music, finance, legislation, farming, industry, and almost any other activity which Americans participate in that you want to name. As a result of his study of America at woi’k and play, his first point of comment was that the tlnited States of America was not “the colossus of the North” that it was cracked up to be. He pointed oiit that we are human, that we have very profound problems like the rest of the world that we are trying to settle, that we are gentlemen—not in the British sense of the word. Viz. dressing for dinner —^because we possess an inane, human politeness. Secondly, he believes that we are grossly misunderstood everywhere abroad because of the stuff that we send out of this country in our movies, literature, and general propaganda. He says that the Hollywood masterpieces give the impression that we are a nation of economic
R. B, Stewart . . . University Controller, accompanied by Mrs. Stewart, left Thursday for New York City where Stewart is to speak Friday before the National Interfraternity Conference on fraternity affairs. They will fly from Indianapolis to New York. Enroute home they will stop at Philadelphia and Washington, l), C., where Stewart is schPdnled to address Purdue alumni clubs, a.w.
We^te Gm SktMs Lelu^t
GIFT BOXES j^REE
Suits $22.50 to $55.d6 CampuB'Coals. .$5.95 to ^14.^5 Rain emits $4.9^ to $1$0 Covert SUk. #4.95 to $7.9# Sak Ties $1.00 Siteaten... $2.95 to $5>95 Oress Shirts $1.65 to $1.95 Tuxedos $24.50
Topcoats $16.50 to $35.00 Leather Coat8....$4.95 to $18.50 Sport Coats $10.00 to $16*50 Slacks $3.95 to $5.95 Knitt Ties $1.5$ Hats $2.95 to $5.O0 Wool Shirts $2.95 Jewelry 50c to $3.5$
Hotpuik. East Side Square
MthriikAhmnms Band Promotion^ kdl Tddd, sehibi‘ Mfe; arid Jessfe Cririi, seniot iE’Sfis were eack faised to the rank of BreVet Captain in thfe Militafir rihd S^pHbriib tikhds acdordihg to an aniioUncdriierit by Professor Emtlck Ibst night. Tddd hris served as assistant director of the band and head of the french horn Section, while Crim is leader of the alto clarinets and also senior military officer, e.j.m.
royalists with a paramour in every bed. He recommends more “Howards of Virginia,** more March Of Time-s. He recommends more Hemingway, more Whitman. More Gershwin, Grofe, less gridiron ballyhoo. He says to let other people know that American universities teach economics, and engineering, and history instead of selected short subjects about football. I told him that I distrusted the “honesty” of the Pan-American movement—in that it appeared to come from economic and political dictates, rather than genuine-blood-culture affinity between two sets of peoples, lie assured me that such an attitude was popular, UrifortUhate, and Wrong. That it was merely a question of Us Understanding them, and they understanding Us. Freshmen Will Compete In Vocabulary Contest Attention, freshmen! All interested in winning contests take speci«l nrite. Today and tomorrow the English Department will give its second annual vocabulary contest. To the student making the highest score in each of the three sections of English composition for freshmen — English 1, English A, and English 32—^will go a copy of Webster’s Collegiate Dictionary, in a special attractive binding. The student making the highest score among all the freshmen, in a final contest later in the semester, will be awarded a copy of Webster’s International Unabridged Dictionary. Next spring at the Literary Banquet these prizes will be presented.
Mrs. Hemler (Continued from page 1) AM in Cleveland to ever be received in England, and in 1923 was assistant program director of the station. Her son, Frank Hemler, freshman engineer here at the University, is one of the solo cornetists in the Symphonic Band. Sunday’s concert is sponsored by the greater Lafayette chamber of commence and is Open to the general public free of charge, e.j.m.
Notices
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “<j” gtodes in Highway Construction CE 61 will be given at 1 p. m. Saturday, December 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY.
YWCAChrblfflttPMIf Introduces Yule Costoms For their final meeting of the year 1940, members Of YWCA hfeld a Christmas party yesterday afternoon in room 263 of the Union. Theme of the party tVas Christmds customs: Josd Colon of Puerto Rico, Robert bllaricion of Nicaragua, arid George Roach of Argentina talked of customs in their respective-coun-tries. b.j.l.
Roger Wtliidms Club ahd ChfistlM Foundation: Basketball game will be held Saturday, December 14, at 2 p. m. on Court One in the Field House. —BLACK,
Aeromodeiers: Regular workshop meeting Friday night, 7:30 p. in. —OBARSKh
WAA Fencing: All fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, December 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 13, at 4 p. m. in Women’s gym. —McFarland. Indiana Student Health Assdeiationt The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 ht Indiana university in the Hnion Building. Luncheon reservations may be made before the ibth by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 3001. —^IRVIN. PI A Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for nekt two weeks is as follows: Mohday, December 2, 7 :S0 p. m. in room 807, Union. Wednesday, Debember 4, 7:30, room 807. Snturday, DeceUiber 7, 2 iOO p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7 :S0 p. m., room 807, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 307. Saturday, December 14, 2:00 p. m. ih 367. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULKVITZ.
Catalyst Club: There grill be b. tiarty Thursday, December 19. Meet at the Chemical Engineering building at 7:30 p. m. Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office before Wednesday noon. —BERGSTEDT.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Meeting at Lambda Chi Alpha house at 5:30 p. m, Saturday afternoon to get organized. —CHRISTY.
Theta Alpha Phi Actives: Initiation Sunday, December 16 at 4 p. m. in reception rooms of Union. —MARTIN.
ElemOlitkty Sttttctarei 22: Hkamination for the removal of C or I grades will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
Remember! Do Your Christmas Shopping at WALGREEN’S • Electrical Gifts • Gift Toiletries • Toys
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES 408 Main Street
the Furdud service
« FirolPisliilliil
HlACS m b cy tiii
kflk iidtii Clinic liistit l^itosToi
MAUklOi F. l^RD 306 Lrifayetto Lifri $Utlding Phone $92$ Residrineb 6431
SfiiTb Quaif^ —Right Prices 822 MriW $1. PtoJHri i777
• Dsiry Products
a Electrics! SilFFHes
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Brelsfonl't EttoBirlc Shop Iro^ - MAdzda Liifito Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• jewelers
• Tailor
Hays jkwaliY Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Pyloet EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Locksmith
KEYS snd LOCKS MULHAUrrS 209-11 N. 5tti». phon* 2t2f
menta’ih rWm 1
before Friday^ December 18.
Scri^eMf: tt is ifebbrMte
signthents be complete Friday, December
Club members are urged to fire as many practice targets 8b possible from no# oh, as tab flWfc iBAteh will bb
Cosmopolitan Club; Will hold weekly thebting at 4:86, Friday, December 18, ih the West Faculty Lounge. G. B, Enders trill be tbe speaker. Let’s have a big turnout before vacation I —SCHALLIOL. SCA: SC A board, will meet Tuesday, Hefcbihber 17, at 7:80 in SGA roohi Uf Uhlort. —BROWN.
Exponent Sophomores: Sophomore edition Friday, December 18. Everybody be there. This includes cd-eds. —HEIPLE. blevelaiid PUrdue Club: Meeting Monday, December 16, in Union, room 808 at 8 p. m. Everyone come. Discuss Christmas dance. —STEVENS. Vitginih C. Mbiredith Club: Meeting of all members Monday, December 16, at 4 p. m. in Home Economics auditorium. —MeCULLOCH.
Glidbr Club: Mebting Friday, Dedember 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 366 of Union. Motion pictures of gliding will be shown. —KANE.
Purdue Rifle Club: Rifle range in the Fieldhouse Will be open to studbnts during the following hours: Monday, 4-6:8p p. m., 7-9 p. m.: Tuesday, 8-6 p. hi.; Wednesday,
Classified Ads Xhd kAding ddtoliliieg, Ai/W art $69.66. Office supplies. Mimeikra^, ud multigraph work. C. F. KUmiS, fllS SUb St Phohe 2779. 2407. $61 iAtB , For Sale: Out of print bodks — B{u{k nuihber magazines.— Prints tot art and economics ciaCseC. Tel. 74il. The Old Rd6k Shop, 414 Perry St„ (Opposite Fowler Hotel.) Latta’s Christmas Gifts. ^^nnertoaV Artists, Humhiel and Latta CHtlsMide cards. Latta’s Art Shop, 214 N. Fifth. Lost; A United states Phal^copoeia is room 206 of the Pharmacy Building. Reward. Titus, Phone 2602.
Phi Lambda Upstlbn; Initiation of pledges Saturday afternoon, December 14, ^at 8:00 p m. in room 106 Chemistry building. Refreshments. Be there. —CHOG.
Student Senate: All sophomore senate workers meet in Senate office, Friday afternoon at 4 p. m. John Walley and Phil Johnson take especial notice. —BARTENHEIMBR.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday, December 14. —KNAPP.
M
H0UDWI*“*®
If
SAMPLE SAVINGS One Round Way Trip Hamond, Iqd. $2.10 $3.80 Chicago, III. 2.10 3.80 Louisville, Ky. 3.10 5.60 Cincinnati, O. 2.90 5.25 Dayton, 0. 2.90 5.25 Columbus, 0. 3.80 6.85 Pittsburg, Pa. 6.40 11.55 Phlla., Pa. 11.40 20.55 Richmand, Ind. 2.50 4.50 Washington, D.C. 10.65 19.20 Memphis, 'Tenn. 7.65 13.80 lacksonvilla, Fla. 12.55 22.60 Miami, Fla. 16.70 30.10 Nashville, Tenn. 5.35 9.65 Cleveland, O. 5.40 9.75 Buffalo, N.Y. 8.05 14.50 Springfield, O. 3.20 5.80 Charleston, W. Vi, 6ll5 11.10 New Ybrk, N.Y. 12.05 * 19.00 * Group of 15 Passengers or More
reindeer has had his day,** .k says the well-known Mr. Clads. “I’m getting just as mod^ as the college crO'^ this yea^I’m going by. Greyhound and really enjoy toy ^trip." That's a break for the old leOow who's alttoys giving everyl^ody die * break. Like ybu, he’ll enjoy the warmth arid comfort rind friendlineaa of a Super-Coach'ti^« t^rifkapa you’ll meet him on your wito home for the Hdidays—anyway y<Nrll diink thera^s a Santa Claus around rhera When yon figure out how ‘llton aaWgWng by GrejdMurid. / GREYHOUND BUS STATION 301N. $thSt. Phone 21D5
Xf-