vmntk 53, No. 87
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, lamuMtf 9,
4 t
h Given Will Play university u offer 5yenf Exchange ill City Hall NoveUy "'f" lo Reiehe Books
* Training Next Term
Faculty Announces Student Poll
Dance Tonight At 9 . C^ry. Club's Homemade
Texts Acceptable
Beginning tomon'ow noon the used books which Students wish to
the Executive Copimittec of the University announced yesterday that a special evening coutse Jn
^ American Red Cross First Aid will '•'Corsages Will Startia be olfered in the curriculuih, startArtistic Female Tastes "T ^^/^ter fhe / cotlrse W)ll be optional for all stuCajiy C!lub will reverse the for- dents excepting those in the Fhaf-
mkfittCs and traditions of the art- macy school jWho will be required ggU through the Student Book Ex liiikl coed Golddigger’s Ball, tb- evening course. change ivill be received in the siibttiglit in both ballrooms at their Every Thursday basement of the Union in the Uns«cna w Ot the semester. lev i"” .'""‘'“‘■‘’I’- ®™‘“
* instruction are |;he Division of Phys- in all tomorrow afternoon and Mon-
e orchestra will furn- ical JJducation for Men, Department day from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. The ac-
continue of Physical Education for Women, tua} selling of the books will not be-
n’S ^ ^■"'L , School of Pharmacy, S t u d e n t gin until Tuesday morning. _ "Eovelty Dance” has been chosen Health Service and the Lafiryctte skdents brineinir books to the
as the najne and theme of the af- Chapter of the American Red Cross, faif. Inifenuity will be strained The new course will consist of one tyheii the 1,100 boys furnish their ihrCc-hoUr session from 7 to 10 on 'da'tCn'-iyith Senseless corsages of every Thursday night and will be vi^getables, fruit, candy bars, or offcied as both a two hoUr and
three hour credit Course.
Starting Saturday
Books Needed; Only /s/ey Will Play Dr. Elliott To Address Second Semest'er i . -r> / a i i < i, i
AtTomortow s Annual Agricultural P-Men's Hop Conference Monday
Annual Blanket Dance In Union Will Follow Ohio State Ball Game Annual Blanket Hop, sponsored by the P-Men’s club> will get under
Panel Discussion, Talk "Will End First General
exchange will be able to set their own prices as long as they are un
the opening address at the annual Agiicultural Conference Monday in Eliza Fowler Hall, as farm people
^he backdrop, also carrying
but 'tkC theme, depicts an ed prei^cntirig his date with a chuliflowCr botskgc. It was designed by Eric
Bergmkrck of West Hall.
Students successfully completing gook Exchange Board of Con-
the ten weeks course which is de- *
voted to standard and advanced • a , first aid will be given two hours Activities Chairman Wil-
way tomorrow bight at 9 with
Mickey Islby find his orchestra** from throughout the state gather to playing in both Union ballrooms discuss problems of agriculture and game. Blankets will be purchased agricultural economist, will for this year’s graduating major speak to the group on “Problems lettermen with funds raised from Ahead” and a panel discussion will the dance. Tickets are $1.10. be led by E. C. Young, of the farm With an informal atmosphere management department.
the mohey may be collected at a later dkte as announced by the Stu
Canvass To Estimate ProbaUe Enrollment For Summer Term University faculty members will make a canvass of ^ freshmen, sophomores, and juniors during the week of uary 19 to 24, to determine how many students will attend the 1942 summer term, Prof. R. B, Wiley, chainfian of tihe special committee on emergency calendar adjustments, an^ —— nounced yesterday.
Prof. Wiley said stiKtents should be prepared to answer
the following questions:
1. Will you return to the IJirii* versity for the summer term
beginning May 4, 1942?
2. If the answer is No, pl^ae
state why?
3. Do yon plan to attend 'the
University continuously and
graduate as soon as possible?. - University officials must
how many will return for the so^ mer session in order to ade<|u8tefy
Session In Fowler Hall Elliott, Sears, Davis
President E. C. Elliott will give Speak Af Pesf Control Operators' Banquet
130 Delegates Establish Record Of Attendance, Interest At Meeting One hundred tliirty representa-
$nits and street dresses will be of credit. Those students showing Ecpbui n said that only second prevailing at the sweater dance, the Divide Into Groups
'thfe style of this informal dance, which is strictly closed to anyone oihdl: than Cary Club members
will continue discussions
through Thursday and Friday, le-
High
aptitude will take an additional six f would be accepted orchestra will provide both sweet
weeks of lay instruction and will be J” f members will be divided into home given credit for another hour. Com- certain books are m great de- chestra has ga'ined the reputation of economics and agricultural groups,
plction of the lay instruction work students desiring to sell playing the most distinctive music will certify the student to teach books are urged to brihg m the middle west, coni|s from first aid and approve standard and Exchange before Tues- northern Indiana. He made a camadvanced ratings for students. A books especially needed pus appearance at a mixer here last
field representative of the American chemist! y, math- year. Red Cross will assist the Univer-, Popular In Chicago
sity staff in conducting the lay in- All clerical work, selling and ac- The oi chestra has gamed increasstructors course. counting is done by Student Senate ing popularity in the Chicago areas.
tives fiom twenty-ond states and plan the program for the new tWftt
Canada attended the final banquet term, Wiley stated.
Registration Next Week
and Union workers and student vol-
University To Offer
School Classes
By Corresf)ondence Effective with the next semester iri Indiana high schools, the University will offer supervised correspondence instruction in five spe-
cial courses to high school students ,„ade with the Division 6f Physical ^ ^ "• T' ;;'T "“"i - of enteitainment by members of the
Who want to finish incomplete work, Education for Men or Department N. A Ochiltree, Helen Nash and romantic ballad singer ,.3^,0 station’s staff, to establish advanced credit, or to of Physical Education for \Vomen. Schickler, and Mary Henry. Others Red Johnson. Both were cast with j^ke Work which may be helpful The men’s course will be listed as Executive Committee are the orchestra for three years on a
secretary, N. A. Ochiltree; public- WIND-CBS network fronti Madura s
of the sixth annual Pest Control conference in the Union last night. President E. C. Elliott served as toastmaster foi the affair, and Prof. Louis M. Sears, of the history de-
Students desiring to take the first steers, who are under the superaid course should sign up when following executive being registered in the armory for Control, Hepburn
next semester. Registration will be
chairman; H. E. Hudson, chairman ex officio; R. A. Dibos, J. A. Os-
following engagements at the Stevens, Edgewater Beach, and Shoreland hotels, Medina Athletic
Club and other ballrooms. Featured with the band are the
sweet and swing vocalist, Martha
spectively. Along with these two partment, gave the principal speech, groups will be a conference for In- Profesesor J. J. Davis, head of diana rural youth, Monday and the University entomology departTuesday. ment, and chief arranger for the The three groups will continue Program, welcomed the group and Monday’s program with banquets, ^Mounced that a special session and at 7:30 p. m. WBAA will pie- be held this afternoon qn “Insent “Campus Varieties” in Fowler struction and Identification of InHall. This program, piesided over sects” for those who aie able to by T. R. Johnston, University pub- sP^nd the afteinoon here, licity director, will feature a variety Dr. Elliott Welcomes Crowd
Then Dr. Elliott extended his welcome to the crowd with the statement that over one hundred times
Tuesday’s Program
in^feojlqge or defense activities.
^ J3, E^ Dammort, director of admisslprtS for tho University, itvill be in
of these courses, whiqh inAdv^hcod algebra, solid geeffective writing, elemenSl^ahish and mechanical draw-
,
l^Acipiis I'd Supervise
PEM 80 and the women’s as PEW
80. g.w.s.
University Concert Choir ToSih, Over WBAA Today University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will present a special program of semi-
“fn the present plan the lessons classics over WBAA this afternoon
^ill be sent from the University to the high school principals and the work will be offered in class under the sujiervision of the principal of an assistant. The lessons will be returned to the University for grading and the final exam will be
handled similarly.
Since liicse courses will have a direct bearing on the defense training program and were tried several summers ago with success, they are expected to broaden the curricula of many shiall high schools which do not have the faclliti'es for classes in
these subjects. J.r.
ity, E. D. Esping; cashier, H. E. Danceland, in Chicago. Hudson; book receiving manager, Tickets may be obtained at the Helen Schickler; book selling man- west desk in the Union or from any
ager, Mary Heni’y; records mana- P-man.
ger, Dorothy Webei; personnel, R. which will continue for three hours W. Deuster; and equipment mana- immediately after the game, are gei, J. B. Reeves. c.f.h. miniature P-blankets. e.h.a.
m. > IT 1 J a year, after some group had spent Tuesday’s program will include , . , „ ,
, ,, several days on campus, he is called
discussions on clothes and the cafe i-iu cii, ..*
Under the new plan a regular junior can graduate in December, 1942 (5^ months early), a s<mk9* more in August, 1943 (9 monfbs early), and a freshman in Ap^, 1944 (13 months early). Gouxs^ will be repeated so that students who find it impossible to attend-^se summer term can gi'aduate regulat* ly. j.l.t. University Sponsors 12 IVeek Welding Course For Women
at 4:30 on the regular “Purdue Mus-
ical Organizations” show.
“Donkey Serenade” and “My Hero” will be included among the
Choir’s selections, w.e.r.
Coed Hours Coed hours for the coming
week arc as follows: Sunday and Monday—12 p.m.; Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday—11 p.m.; and Friday and Saturday—1 a.m.
as usual.
—AWS Judicial Board
Pest Controllers Review Progress At Close Of Sixth Annual Conference
By George Starr
Few people know that our University is a pioneer in the field of pest control. In fact, the first clinic or discussion course was held here in 1937. The National Post Conti ol Association has piogiessed far since those early days. The annual conference, which closes today, climaxes six yeais of coopeiation and
active research.
of the home and will be held in, Fowler Hall foi the home eionom-
Frogi’ams for the dance, f ics group. The rural youth will hold
a general session in the south ballroom of the Union in the morning, and in the afteinoon a rural entertainment festival clinic in the Music Hall. This clinic will enable the delegates to observe the tryout program for the entertainment festival. In the evening the rural youth conference will close wjth the final contest for the winneis of distiict
festivals in the Music Hall. As far back as 1890 “extciin- The agricultural group will spend inators” were to be found lU laige Tuesday discussing agricultural cnAinerican cities, but these men were ginecring in the Agricultural Engipioneers in a bewildering field, neeiing building and in the evening Their relatively high measure of will attend the festival along with success was due to resouicefulness, the home economics gioup industiy and individuality. General Session Passing years saw little iinpiovc- Wednesday the home economics
Helping in national defeaase in ns
in at their final banquet to make many ways as possible,Jthej,Dj^^^
’ sity will give a welding course
women only on Tuesday and
day evenings from 7 to stsrtl^ff
Thursday, Jan. 15.
There will be no charge for ing the course and no college <
Air Corps Awards Distinguished Service Cross To Former Student
inent and as a piofession pest contiol remained in the realm of uncertainty and unprogressiveness. As a force in so many other aspects
group will discjiss faim home grounds and defense and the home. The agricultuial group will continue their discussions on agricul-
of oui daily lives, the New Deal tuial engmcciing. In the afteinoon was destined also lo integrate the a general session will be held in small piofession into a coordinated, the Music Hall at which time Loyal
active body of men facing common Alumnus 4th, the University’s prize P^ice, West Lafayette boy and for-
quite sure they were welcome. Give $100 To University
The members of the Pest Control Operators’ group presented one hundred dollars to the University to be used in a fund for student
aid. Dr. Elliott pledged the money will be given, but coeds, fa to Chinese students marooned here, women and clerical staff mq lacking sufficient funds from home may apply to R. W. Lindley, ib. because of the war in China. 107 in Michael Golden Shops by Professor Sears presented a re- writing, telephoning or coming £h. sume and analysis of current events. Applications can also be made ^ He denied, however, that he was an the Armory at registration. authority on the subject, and stated The applications of college that only newsmen and statesmen in en will receive first consideratli^ the v.arious centers of activity over with those of faculty women the world were able to form any ing second. There is room for "31^ definite idea of what has been hap- persons in this class, Which will pening. w.g.h. last for 12 weeks. cXh.
Canadian Air Force To Award Wings To West Lafayette Boy
By Gordy Hoffman
In less than eight weeks.
Bill
Second Lieutenant George S. Welch, former University student how adVittg with the Army Air Corps in Hawaii, has been awarded |;he Distinguished Service Cross for hcroisrti in aiition over the island of QahU ort Dec. 7, 1941, the War Department has announced. 'science student in the class of ’41, Lt. Welch was a member of Delta Up,sllon fraternity here. He t‘nli)ited in the Air Corps at his home’ in Wilmington, Del., before completion of his duties at tin* Uni-
VMjslty.
Cited for Heroism The citation awaidcd to Lt. Welch follows: “Awards of Distinguished Service Cross.—By direction of the
proximatcly 8 a.m., he loft Wheeler Field and proceeded by automobile, under fire, to Haleiwa Landing Field, a distance of approximately ten miles, where the planes of his squadron were stationed. He ihiniediately, on his own initiative, took off for the purpose of attacking the invading forces, without first obtaining information as to the number or type of Japanese in the attacking force, and proceeded to his initial point ovci Barbel's Point. At time of take-off he wgs
armed with caliber .30
was being attacked fiom the rear,
machine This enemy plane burst into flames
guns. and crashed about \half way be-
“Upon ariival over Barbers tween Wahiawa and Haleiwa. Point, he observed a formation ot Plane Struck Thrice
approximately twelve planes over “During this combat his plane Ewa, about one thousand feet be- was struck by three bullets from
ocean. No more enemy planes being in sight he proceeded to Wheeler Field to refuel and replenish am-
munition.
“Just as refueling and reloading was completed, but before his guns
were repaired, a second wave of lem was technical education which about fifteen enemy planes ap- the industry endeavoied to furnish proached low over Wheeler Field, themselves with by inducing sciThree came at him and he imniedi- enlists to enlist then effoits. Folately took off, headed straight into lowing the couise offered here in the attack, and went to the as- 1937, other universities offered simsistance of a brothei officer who ilar couises.
Each yeai foui legional conleiences are held at which legistrations average well over one hundred. Technical subjects are given wide attentioh at local, state and
piobleins. winning steer, will have his premier NRA Tackles Problems showing. In the evening these two NRA codemaking assembled ex- groups will attend a music festival, terminators from all parts of the under the diicction of Albert P. nation and for the §rst time made Stewart, Univeisity dircctoi of
possible piactical reasoning. New music possibilities loomed before the natural leadeis of the early movement and they tackled then problems with a zest. The most pressing piob-
Pfcsidept, under the provisions of and ten miles away. Accompan- the rear gun of the ship he was
the act of Congress approved July 9, 1918, a Distinguished Service Cross was awarded by the Commanding General, Hawaiian Department, to the following-named
officer:
“GoPVSe S. Welch, second lieu-
icd by only onO other pursuit ship, attacking, one striking his motor, ho immediately attacked this enc- one the propeller, and one the cowlniy formation and shot down an en- ing. This attack having disappeared enemy dive bomber with one burst he returned to the vicinity of Ewa from three calibei .30 guns. At this and found one enemy plane propoint he discovered that one call- coeding seawaid, which he pm sued her .30 gun was jammed. While en- and shot down about five miles off
tenant, 47th Pursui|( Squadron, 16th gaged in this combat, his plane was shore, immediately thereafter rePnrsuit Group, Air Corps, United jjjt by an incendiary bullet, which turning to his station at Haleiwa
States Army. For extraordinary passed thi’ougli the baggage com- Landing Field,
heroism in action over the island partment just in real of his seat. “Lieutenant Welch’s initiative, of Oahu, Territoiy of Hawaii, and ghot Down Another piescnce of mind, coolness under
national meetings. Men and groups exchange infoimation and check
findings
Service Letters Published
WBAA To Air Weights Program Tomorrow
First of a series of thirteen radio programs emphasizing the importance of ^coirect weights and measures will be broadcast from 6:46 to 7 p.m. 'tomorrow, over station WBAA, accoiding to an announcement from Dr John W. Ferroe,
state health commissioirei.
This series is sponsored jointly by the State Board of Health and the Indiana Association of Inspectors of Weights and Measures. The programs will be broadcast every other Monday as a public service
Sample titles ol the thirteen broadcasts aie: “Indiana Weights and Measures History,” “Adventures of Mary Consumer” and
waters adjacent theicto, December
7, 1941.
Attacked on Own Initiative “When HUi prised by a heavy air attack by Japanese forces on Wheeler Field and vicinity at ap-
National Pest Control Associa- pf WBAA.
tion IS in charge of disseminating the information collected from all souices and foi this purpose publishes service letteis. These letters
aie supplemented by trade publica- Food Package Standardization.”
^tioiis leporting industrial develop-
nients.
kEaily in its existence the National C. f. Ge/se
Pest Conti ol Association adopted
a strong code of ethics as a pre- . Ag Chem. ’40, has been sta-
“Hc climbed above the clouds, fire against oveiwhelmiiig odds in 1 eqnisite for membership. To ampli- tioned at Fort Fiancis E. Warren checked his plane, returned to the his first battle, expert maneuver- fy the code, objectionable adver- in Wyoming and is training for the attack over Barbers Point, and im- ing of his plane, and determined ac- tising practices were defined. De- quartermastei’s coips, accoiding to mediately attacked a Japanese tion contributed to a large extent spite these measures abuses occa- woid received by Dr R. H. Canplane lunning out to sea, which he toward driving off this sudden un- sionally appeal. Some aie innocent of the department ot agiicultural shot/down, the plane falling in the expected air attack.” w.e.i. (Continued on page 4) | chemistry. / I
mer University student, wil receive his wings and become a pilot in the Royal Canadian An Force. Bill visited hib homo over Christmas on what IS likely to be his last leave before being sent to England or some other overseas destination. Price, who left school last spring to start his training, has had many interesting expeiiences since then. After enlisting at Windsor, he began hib pi unary training. Americans Predominate Accoiding to Bill, there are more Americans training in Canada than there are English and Canadians together. In his * particular unit theie are fifty Americans and five Canadians. He said that most of the Americans had been in the United Stales Air Corps at one time, but
had washed out.
Pi ice went on to say, “The Americans are by far the best flyers with the Aussies and New Zealanders placing second. The Canadians rank next, while the English and Npiwegians seem to ha\e the least na-
tural ability.”
Landing Gear Stuck His nearest approach to a seiious accident oceuired when the reti actable landing gear oi the twinengined bomber he was piloting jammed, and he had to land the plane while the wheels weie still letracted. He went on to say that “the peicentage of fatalities and serious accidents is leally veiy low. In my unit, only two fellows have been killed, and both of these accidents weie due to carelessness.” Bill likes the army life, although
he is anxious to win his wings Slid see active seiwiee. He says tl^t ti)® food is good although it sometltQfS seems monotonous. His biggest jection is the cold weather. He “I didn’t realize what cold weatlielt was until I’d flown a bomber atia high altitude in the early momiqg with the front bomb port open.” . Although now training ill a bombing squadron. Bill hes recommended for pursuit ffyito3 hopes to see his active serv^e one of the single sealers. Staff Members Attend CEA,MLAConventloin Eight membeis of the UniveTsi^ English department attended ^6 national convention of the Ofodei^ Langimge Association and the Qd* lege English Association, held Indianapolis dmdng Christmas cation ^ ^ Prof. George S. Wyke^ chairman of the local committee en airangements for the CEA cell*'®®' tion. At the annual dinner of Hi® society Pi-of. George H. charge of teacher placement gif ^ University, gave a number of feaw* ings from the poems of Whitcomb Riley. Pi*of. Herh^ Miller took part in a disepssimt, M contemporary fiction on Tlitepd|(ljl afternoon. Others attending these tions from the University depaitment were Roy 6. Richard Crowder, Prof. I Lewis Freed, William S. Dr. Robert Hume, Psof. H. Jf. ler and Piof. G. S. WyhoH.
mPurdue Exponent
Friday, Januaty 9, 194$
mmnt Jo
Mk
^Vr.r
'W& llii”
Francis Scott Key watched Fort McHenry being shelled by‘a foreign enemy 130 years 4tgo; this was the occasion of the writing of “Star Spangled Banner.” Today American ddeals^^d^^ 'being attacked by fbreign powers, and we are just as determined , as ATheidcan people were then, that our jBa^^in'stahd up Under the attack. The people Ilf ifhiiS Country have alwayf3‘beeh proUd of Ihi^ 'flag. In times of prospenty that pride has existed even though its expression was i&ifljen dorhiant^-but during a national crisis, as this one, people become more active in expressing their administration, respect, idid loyalty for their country’s colors just as Francis ,Scott Key did when he wrote the National Anthem. ' In theateTS, at athletic contents and rallies, *thd over the radio Americans all over the country are experiencing a new thrill in joining in the singing of the song that was dedicated to “Old Glofy.” In past years college
students, 'because of thfeit assured ^phietlcation, were often eiribarrassed at expressing anything quite as emotional as patriotism. But today college students are^ anxious to be patriotic^ andTPurdue students are no exception. ' At all athletic contests and special convocations the Purdue military band plays the “Star Spangled Banner^” and the students'and faculty would 'like to be able to stand and sing it with the spirit in -vV.hich it iVaS Written. But because of the band’s interpretation of the National Anthem, it -is almost impossible to follow vocally the mUsic. .One would have to possess the ability of ia polished Opera Star to keep up with the magnificent crescendos and unique timing of the band’s arrangement, ft is true that the-band’s presentation, with “bomb bursting and rockets glaring” musically, is inspiring to bear, but if the band Would prepare a more singable arrangement; the students could join in singing their National Anthem more easily.
imiinafttiMiii
' \ .. 'r-- '•'t.X
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Alien
Wishiiigtotir Wonders What RooseveSt Will Do About Production Mess W.A&inN&TQN,,: J^n. 8.—Behind the scenes, the big question churning official .Washington is when and what ‘the President intends to do about the most pressing war problem facing the, country—reorganization of his bumbling and headless w’pr supplies machine. , ..There ig no, dohbt'.he is most einpb.atically. aware of the problem. 3fis,.pwn inner circle advisers ,_havebeen.pulling their hair about it for ihohths. Also, visiting British leaders tactfully but pointedly told him about it. Further, he jliimnelf has voiced privately his sharp disappointment over production schedules, and last week be publicly announced that there .must be a tremendous increase in both the rate and volume of output to win the war. . , yet, despite all this, the President still has- not made a concrete move to clean up the soggy administrative muddle. He .has been talking about doing so. Only as recently as a week ago, he assured an old friend, who has long urged a drastic Teorganization, that it was coming. But the inside word still is that the President has not yet made up his mind. Meanwhile, as the flames of war daily spread further and more fiercely, the vital production machinery of the government bumps erratically along in a welter of confusion and Dollar-A-Year men. • ’Minister Of Supply There is a wide variance of yiew in the inner councils over the form the Teorganization should take. ■The procurement chiefs of the Army and Navy, sti’ongly supported by Beniard Baruch, wise old luiad of the World War I Industries Board, are urging that control over supplies .he tur-ned over to them, with OPhI and the other civilian agencies ft^ttiqn|ag as subordinate UU^jliariep.' . , But jcaffinet and inner circle sentiment is strongly against fhis, onfwa counts: 1st, that sup-
ply is an industrial and hence a fcivilian problem to be handled by civilians; 2nd, that the function Of the Army and Navy is to fight and they have plenty of that to do without taking up war production. Non-military advisers want the President to set up a Ministry of Supply headed by a single executive, like-Tord Beaverbrook, whose job would be to sec to it that the Army and Navy got all the arms and munitions they need, and when they need themRoosevelt has been toying with this plan for months. As far back as last spring, when the old National Defense Commission obviously had , bogged down and something had to be done about it, the President got as close to adopting the plan as considering whether to name Supreme Court Justice William Douglas or Undersecretary of War Robert Patterson as supply boss.- ,, But in the end the President backed away. Instead he set up a new board, SPAB, .on top of 0PM, Made up of top-flight officials already overburdened with responsibilities, SPAB has accomplished little, if anything. Note: One thing SPAB has done, and one of the principal reasons for its creation, has been to salve the personal feelings of William Knudsen, whose 0PM has been one of the big flops of the production program. The former auto executive is sincere, well-inten-tioned and ardently patriotic, but ho just hasn’t the punch and capacity to run a job of this magnitude. Knudsen’s geniu,s is plant management and that’s \vhat he should be doing for the government. Ho should be in the field showing plants how they can double and triple their output. • Aspirants If and when the President finally does get around to centralizing control of production in a single executive, three names top the list of possibilities. They are— JUSTICE DDUGLAS, in . his early 40’s, brilliant tough-minded and driving. Douglas is the candidate both of tfie inp^rrcirqie and of potent leaders on CapitM Hill. SECRETARY HENRY MORGENTHAL, who is itching to take hold Of the production muddle and straighten it out. MTLO PERKINS, brilliant former business man who made a great success as head of the Surplus Marketing Administration and now is executive director of the Economic Warfare Board. Perkins is the candidate of Vice , President Henry ,. Wallace, who heads the EWB. But no matter who is chosen, it will be a happier day for our war effort when the problem of war sup])lies i.s straightened out. • Louisiana Senafor Senator Allen J. Ellender was driving his car in the streets of
Marrlap Eourse All applications for second se-mc-^ter marriage course must be maldc to H. E. Wilkeiiing at the Eieldhouse /Gymnasium, by . Saturday, Jan. 10, 1942. 'Give name, address, telephone number, -member of faculty who can recommend you, and reason for wanting to take the course. Gdurse is open to seniors only.
Washington one night when a Negro policeman, rushed out in front of his car, oi'dered him to stop, get out, and abandon .his car. “What’s alt the shootin’ for?” said-Ellender. “IPs an air raid drill,” said the officer. , . Now Ellender comes from Louisiana, where he is not acciistomed to taking orders from colored policemen, but he obeyed. “You’ll have to get under cover,” said the officer. Ellender followed directions, and found himself in a Negro apartment house. • Good Soldier Scene 1. Office of ’Representative Guy L. Moser of -Pennsylvania. Moser is phoning the office of General George C. Marshall, Army Chief of Staff, hotly protesting about being stopped by a soldier sentry on Capitol Hill .the previous night. Representative Moser: “The officer of the day issued an order against anyone entering the House Office Building after (B p.m. I know we’re at war, but I’m a member of Congress and have a right to go to my own office any time I blankety-blank please,, day or night. The next time a sentry tries to stop me, he’ll have to use force.” An aide to Marshall: “The officer of the day must have got his wires crossed, Mr. Congressman. We have no intention of keeping members from their offices. I’m very sorry. It won’t happen again.” Scene 2. An hour later in a capitol Hi}l cigar store. Moser is making a. purchase when someone, taps him on the ai’in. Te turns and beholds the sentry who stopped him the nig.ht before. .. . .. Moser: “Well, well! Gopd.morn: ing, young man. My feelings toward you have altered considerably since 1 talked to General Mar.shall’s offiee. That crazy order won’t be issued , again.” Soldier: “Thank you, sir.” Moser:.“What are you thank- . ing me for—that bawling out I gave you last night?” Soldier: “Oh, no,.^sir. I want to , thank you for getting me -a iholi-l day. They gave me a day off as a reward for my.dilige.nce in’ko^^P- ’ ing you out of the Hoase Office Building last night. The first rule in the army is to obey orders, sir.” ■ (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
'FRIDAY - 10:10 Curio Man 10:16 Morning Melodies lfi,:S0 i^'BAA Pi’esents- - 10:45 ’Theater of Spug.. 11:00 ..“Eqrope.,Since 1914” with . iPrdf. V. L. Albjerg 11:60 Purdue News 1.2500 Agi'ioulturnl Foi-um 12:16 Meetthe Band 12.:46 . TEipxible for Special 'Events) 1 :p0 Souvenirs LjIlO Fjfp. for Wildlife i ;46 Markets' 2:00 A Story a Dpy 2:15 .fTarerit Forum 2:30 Moods in Music 3:00 .jMusic, , ,. ; '3:10 'Builcling for’Defense 3:16 Marjorie' Williamson-singer 3:30 . Special .Mpsical, Series?, 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4:30 A. P. Stewart’s .Music Organizations 4:46 . Little Miss Muffett 5:00 Just Relax ''6:30 Vespers 6:46 Curio Man 6:60 News ‘0:00 Dinner Music .0:30 Sports 0:46 Next '^eek at Purdue 7:00 Lafayottc Little Theatre 7:45 Alberta Schmadel^siugCT 8:00 Marching Along 8:15 Russ Graefnitz—pianist ‘8:30 Eventide Echoes 8:46 South American Way 9:00 Union Mixer Band '9:30 Mixer Interviews 9:60 News 10:00 OFF THE AIR 1. West Side High School 2. Jefferson High School 3. Purdue Women’s Club 4. Lafayette Music,Society.
Entrants f or Ceres Contest To Submit Essays By Monday All essays for the Ceres Essay Conte.st must be'submitted to -Prof. F. E. Robbins, room 210 at Agricultural Hall, by noon Monday. Open to all University students, the main requisite of this contest is that the subject matter pertain to agronomy. Divisions And Awards The contest is. divided into two divisions. Freshmen are eligible to compete in the freshman, division, in which tlie first place award is the Ceres Esshy Cup and^a medal. A medal will also be awarded .the runner-up in this division. The upperclass division is open to all sophomores, juniors and seniors, and the Dickinson Seed Company’s Pine Tree Trophy and a silver medal are the winner’s awards. The second place winner will also receive
a medal.
Uppei'class essays should contain IjOOO to 1,500 words, Avhile the freshmen -essays must have from 500 to liOOO words./ They will be judged upon the subject matter, the English that is us.ed and on the genej’al neatness of the essay. The judges are to be Prof. A. T. Wiaiicko, ‘Prof. J. P. Seaton and Prof. Robbins; m.j.l. IjiiiiiimlniljninWiiiriiiiiiiiiiiiim I FRIENDLY SERVICE | = Boiifletl = = ' Ga^.ind Oil H iiiii!iliiiiiiliiiiiiiiiliii)iiiiiiiiiiniiiiii|iiiiiii|iiiiniliili
Co/Zege, yniyersjfy f re^ii^ents Opp^i^e Student E liniment 'Voluntary enlistments for the •army and mavy were opposed in favor of the draft system in a resolution -adopted last Sunday -at .a meeting of 1,000 college and university presidents in Baltimdi’e, Md.-' '; - ; •' y President E. C. Elliott served as chairfiiajp, ;,p'f the, ;resolutipps committee, which was 'composed ‘of eleven cpllege presidents. The purpose , of ,/the. reso.lution, ,iaoopc(ljtig to Dr..®lliott, is to protect yOiith from its. oWn patriotic but misguided enthusiasm. “The ‘experience of the United States in ,the last war, and of 'England in the early months of the 'present confliat, offers ’ail^andant evidence that wOlunteer enlistment for military sei’vice is a, .threat to the total allocation of man /power ' for its effective utilization,” the resolution said. Draft deferment to allovy eertain students to continue .’training for work in essential fields, cooperation by colleges in preparing students to .meet the. countay’s immediate needs in both mental and physical aspects and expansion of the civilian.pilot ti4iining program now op-ci'a-ting in 700 colleges were among the suggestions contained in the resolutions sent to-President Roose-
velt.
The meeting wa^ called by the divisional committee oh higher education of the U. S. Office of Education and by the committee on military alFairs of , the national committee on education and defense. Annual 4-H Club Training Program To Start feb. 9 The third annual 4-H club adult. loader training program, sponsored by the 4-H Club Division of the University and the Indiana district of 'Rotary International, will be conducted again this winter, with the schools to be held for the northern district at the Union February 9 and 10, and the southern district at 'Bedford Feb. 10 and 20. Ahnouncement of the meetings was made by 'E. C. Bird, county a.gricultural agent of St. Joseph County. The program will include members of the extension staff of the University, especially the staff which supervises the entire state 4-H program in Indiana, county agents, adult leaders of much experience in club work arid Rotary leadei-s. j.r.s. Professor Havighurst To Give Science Talks University branch of the American Association of Scientific Workers will present a series of lectures on the philosophy of science beginning next week. Fri'st in the series will be a talk on “Coordination and Integration of Science Through a Comiuittee on Human Development” to, be given in room IQ6 of the Chemistry Building at 7:30 p.m., Friday night. Profe.ssor R. H, Hayighurst, professor of education at the University of Chicago, will speak and also be present at the. Union at 6 p..m. preceding the lecture. Registrations for the dinner should be made with Miss Hurst, secretary of the chemistry department, a.l.s.
For Flying
Major Joseph More, president of the Aivation Cadet Examining Boai'd, will be on campus between January 27 and February 3 for the purpose of intervieWjng candidates for the post of aviation cadet. Since Major More’s last visit here, several' important changes have boon made in determining the eligibility of applicants. Under the new system the examining board will bo in a position to inform all applicants whether or not they arc accepted, when and where they will go to duty, and grant reasonable
deferment.
Prof. H. B. Knoll . . . of the University English department, has recently returned from Chicago, where he attended the annual convention of tlui American Business Writiii.g Association. Since the University has devoted considerable attention to the importance of written reports in both business and engineering, Trofessor Knoll look part, along with Prof. F. H. Gertz of Pratt Institute, in a clinic for the teaching pi husines.s report writing; ••
Math Staff Menibers Attend AMS Meet During the Christmas holidarys Prof. W. L. Ayres, Prof.' A. E. . Heins, Dr. J. J. Eachus, and ‘Dr. G. W., Whitehead, all of the. mathematics staff, attended annual meetings of the American Matheiriatical Society and the Mathematical Association of Amei'ica in Bethlehem, Penn. • Professor Ayres, head of the department of mathematics, wa,s;clected to the BoE\rd of Govei*iiOr.s of the Mathematical Association o:t America and rc-clected Associate SeCiav tary arid nieiribcr of the Council of the American Matahcmatica;! Soci-
ety.
Findings Presented , At the meeting of the Anicrioan Mathematical Society, Dr. Whitehead presented a new discovery in topology,’and Professor Heins read a paper on the solution of partial differential equations. Dr. D. Shreve presented a paper on the I’esults of diagnostic testing and remedial instruction in mathematics at the meeting in Dallas, Texas of the Association for. the Advancement of Science, j.w.t.
puJidusL £xfiotmiL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of'■Congress -«f Mareh 3, 1879, and at'the special rate of postage .provided for in section 1103, act of-Oeiober 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. I’ublished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for .1)3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
f£ilitur>in>Chief. NMvm IWUor : HpvrlB Editor.
. Nt*d A. Ochiltree HusincKH Manag:cr.. ..John L. Traugutt Managing Bditdr Phil JohiiHun Coed Kditor
.Don S. Powers ..Leland W. KiifTncr Riith Rose
- . Publication Staff
, """ ^ ' Business Staff
RdUorial Staff:—J. J*. Amus; J, Jl, Arnnstroug, 1). T. llropliy, L. I'V. J. Join s. K. G. Ki in r. SpdriH'fJiafT: b. J'yCl'ark, J. D, Fraser. J, »S. KtelcrCoed Staff: Marj’ ff. Sdyjitori, Alice Chalfield, Jane RanibUclI. \ ■ Asbociate KUitors
tJoed Rusiness MunaKcr; Donna Siesa; Office Manafrcr: Dee liO.SBOMK. . 1,ocbI Advertisiiic Maiiajrcrs: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Uell; Accounts Manager: W, D, Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Erankenberry, Prunoes Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 j Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 41'.' ' M ' . '
Repreaented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Jnc., College Riibiishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, /N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Nixht |$diUir: JvncK ‘ {lay mivr : piaUleld
iMHue Editur: Hoffniun Spvrts Editur; Keeler
_ Heporters: C, Hass, A. Hunter, E. Ahrens, J, laUier, H. SJoiie, J, Riehardsoii, W. E, Rafcrt, R. T. Eberts, G. Starr. J. V. Skiliman, .J. W. Tierney, W, E. Vermilion, W. G, Hoskins, J. D. Smith, D, W. Ochiltree, K, K. Gjemre, Sports: C. E, Howards, R. M. Miller, W. H, Glover, . ;
ire
:4"/4V'V C' // '"'-.V. ■%> }
’‘‘i-"' "''' 1^ " ' Y' 'f'. ' " ^ r" ' " / ”*■
H/d
MmtheTeaan •i > / pte$^nthtg.,,
Cary Hall's Swimmers
03?^ Ji^i ^S * w«’ ^ 7? 4
■•■■’;'' ;.■’"->;;’• \ n ^snlf <*•-■'•s-.v*':"'t7-K‘;f7 *• I 'J »i 7 “ ( ,£;4' t# s-v^V /"’■Jft,;\’'6>A
', >■ 1 r *■ *’ ^; '• #?4
Hardwood Squad Pffips For Si|
SctphqmpK
Mickey TsJerncy By Joe Dawson , One of the most aggressive and s^jirited fellows on the squad, Pigfey Lanfib^rt's mighty mite, Mickey jTierney is still another proof of the fact that not all great hardwood players come from the Hoosier s^te. Mickey stands 5 feet 10 inches tall and tips the scales at the 162 ppund mark. , At St. George High School in Hvanston I'ierney played four years jpf varsitjr basketball. During his spphomore year Mickey was the main factor in his team's taking i'Vinnerup honors in the National Catholic Tourney which each year brings together several of the foremost prep teams in the country. “Mick” incidentally was placed on the all-tournament team. With little hesitation Mickey picked the Illinois game two years
^Wii#lglrveflKls S;/;SS
Thirst 'and second place winners in "the Fraternity, 'Gary 'itall and lizard Swimming'meets battled for honors in the All-Star swimming meet held in the Fieldhouse, pool Thui'sdajr afternoon. The meet was invitational in that only the' win^ ners of the recent Fraternity, Hall and Ward meets were eligible for
entry. * _
Cary Hall showed its power by taking ^rst ’place in 6 of the 8 events and tying another. OWen, Cary, and Ddrtn, IPhi Gamma Delta, were so close in the 100 yard backstroke that the fudges were forced to call it a tie. 100 yard breaststroke. Heidke, Ward 3, 1:04. 160 yard Medley Relay; Cary Hall, Otvens, Harnor, Nihen 1:33*2. lOO’ yard Freestyle; Robinson, Theta Tau: 0s68.2. idOyard fiacksiroke; Owen, Cary, and Dunn, Phi Gamma Delta; tie
1:14.
60 yax’d Freestyle; Van Deusen, Caxy; 0:26. 220 yard Freestyle; Darrow, Cary
2:46.
200 yard relay; Cax*y Hall; 2:18. Taney Diving; Wax'e, Cary; 63 points. ^ I ago as the most thrilling and the one which stands out foremost in his mind. It so happened that with some five mirtiites remaining in this particular encounter the Riveters were trailing by a nine point margin. The next few minutes saw Blanken and Sprowl really take over to overcome the Illini and thereby cinch the Confei'ence title. Mickey is undecided about the future, but since he is just the right age according to Uncle Saxxi, he is planning to enter the Navy after gi-aduating from the Science school this spring. He has done his part to lower the 3.93 to 1 ratio by putting his Phi Gamm pin on that favorite girl baoTc home.
^ - - ' '
Friday, January 9, 1942
lit ■r«ieii;iiigr>iMif’’ ^
G. E. MAZbA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
f
Dad’s Place
POPCORN Gallon i5c
so
Hershey Kisses, fn bulk, 30c per lb.
I
HANDY
Furnas'Ice Cream Fint 15c
. . . Warren Lewis is one of the most promising second year men Coach Branch McCracken has down Bloomington way. Warren is a forward on the Hoosier squad and already is gaining the reputation 'of a consistent scorer. Standing six feet two inches tall, he played great ball during his high school days at New Castle and is destined for even greater things during his stay
at Indiana.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
hey, MISTER
^uaL cl JifL! Yes, Mister, we’d like to pass aloiig a thought that we believe is mighty important to the man who really enjoys eating. The UNION Cafeteria is the headquarters for every man. Food that makes you come back for more.
JJfUL fiju/tdujiL
ru'j^ix
li:
The Corner of the Campus — I Yet the Center of Activities
M. €. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 56214
Boilermaker Team favored Over O.S.U. A long hard practice session, auid jilenty of rhheafsal Of all baslcetball tactics used by the Boilermakers, which takes in about everything, was the course of the R^iveter hardw'ood practice last evening. Coach Lambert Tan Tis boys through both offensive and defensive drills,’ had a passing and shooting practice, and worked quite a bit on blocking, all in preparation for the Western Conference contest With the Buckeyes from Ohio State tomorrow night at 7:30 in the FieldhoUsO. Toughest Yet , This tilt vVith the Buckeyes tomorrow, in “Piggy's” oWn words is to be, “the toughest game we’ve played this year.” A look at the records of the two teams so far this season gives the Bdilermakers definite edge over the Buckeyes as far as “dope” is concerned; however, “dope” isn’t worth much in the Big Ten anymore. But They Beat Great Lakes About the only very brilliant thing the Buckeyes have accomplished this season is the defeat of the Great Lakes Naval Station team on the Navy’s first appearance on the hardwood. Their tidp West 6ver the Christmas vacation wasn’t very successful for the Buckeyes, as they suffered four consecutive defeats at the hands of Stanford, U. C. L. A., University of California and Creighton College. The only tangle Ohio State has had with Big Ten competition was with Minnesota— which they lost. The record for the Boilermakers so far this season looks a bit different. The only loss the Riveters have to mar their sheet is the one to Gieat Lakes just befoi’e Christmas vacation. >In the other tilts the Riveters either 'had the contest in hand all through the fray, or came through in the pinches fox whatever was needed.
Still Another
EDGERTON HDWE.JNC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 43^54 We Deliver
. . . sophomore«forward on the Hoosier five is Ralph Hamiltoh, who has earned a starting berth on the graduation riddled^ Ipdiana hardWood squad. He pairs off With junior John Logan, xnaking a pair of fbrwards to be reckoned with in any man’s ball game. He hails from Ft. Wayne where, even during high school he was known as a constant scoring threat due to his exceptionally deadly shooting eye. IM Schedules
BASKETBALL Court X—Gates 7 00 rhi Gamma Delta vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 7 15 Delta Chi vs Tau Epsilon Phi 8 '00 Theta Xi vs Phi Kappa Psi. 8:15 Sigma Nu vs Alpha Gamma Rho Court 2—Rafferty 7 :00 Acacia vs. Delta Upsilon 7.1) Beta Sigma Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho 8 00 Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Pi 8 .15 Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Tau Couit 3—Schwaltz 7 00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Chi. 7 15 Sigma Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa 8.00 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 8 15 Ward 26 vs Ward 36 SQUASH 7 00 Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma 7 45 Phi Gamma Delta vs Beta Sigma Psi.
Big We^k-End Ahead The swiftly approaching week-end brings hardwood engagemfeRts with a pair of the Boilennakers’ most feared and dangerotis Tivfila> the Hoosiers and the Buckeyes. These games mark the last aetioll of tixe Furdue team for a full two week.s period before irestHning- play here against Minnesota on January 26, the respite of course, beiftg due to the former fihal examination period. Neither the Buckeyes nor the Hoosiers are picked to cop the confjerence title this year, but “they are paired together as the dark borSes df the league. Although the going is always pretty tough against these opponents, it shoulcl 'be even harder this year, as both teams are in texTjfic fighting attempt to keep in the conference race, and they’d like nothing fetter 4hdn to T»eat the Boilermakers in order to do k. ^ Remember Oliio Slale Last Year? Thfee’s cexfainly plenty of reasons for the Boilermakers to be especially aroused for these tilts if for no other purpose than the reVenge angle. Last year at Ohio State in fhe lone meeting of the two schools ' the Buckeyes gave the Boilermakers a rousing itxassacre to ‘fhe'^ufe of 6<7-38. We tx’ust that you don't forgdt that. Captain Blhnken, S^roWl, Riley, Caress, and the rest of you. ’ For it w>as ninety PCX’ >certt 'of the same team that ydu Will f^e tomoxTOw that handed you that licking at Columbus. Remettiher Dick Fisher getting fl9 poiiits,‘GeeoWets getting 16, and Captahx Graf getting in your hair ? They’ll all be on hand tomoxTow night. And don’t think for„a minute ’that ’five losses xn a row to a team as strong as they canH mlike'^'a team iexTifically dangerous. ^ 'Remember That Indiana Game Down Th^i^ And do you remember that Indiana game doWn there last ye^, after you had beaten them earlier in the season, when the “Hoosiers hah&d you one of the worst beatings in the 66 games between the stdte schools by a 47-29 coilnt? Monday’s game, due to the new scheduithg arrangements, will be the only shot at the dowrtstaters yotiHl jget ^all season. Let’s make it one to be remembered. ► Still Have Tickets Available • ^ While we’re on the subject of the Indiana game, we’d like to raehtion that Pop Doan got an additional block of 100 reserved ^eat'ldiiketllfor the game and these will be sold over the counter today. Gome ‘eaidy and get them while they last. ► Gala 'P' Men's Dance ; ' „ ’ , ,, Plans for the annual P Men’s dance to be held after tfe ®6hiO game tomoxTow night bespeak one of the finest blanket ho^s'in yeax's. Be sure and plan to go. Have you seen the ixifty dance progrdfllB designed after a “P” blanket? They’re worth thepxiceof a'ti^dtet'ttfiihe. And remember the money from the dance g;oes to buy monograhtOd blankets for the senior lettex'men. ‘ ‘
BOOKS USED & NEW
USE OUR LAYAWAY PLAN RESERVE GOOD USED BOOKS NOW! A small deposit will hold any books until second semester classes begin
50% GASH FOR YOUR USfib BOOKS-or 60% IN TRfDE for books in good condition that will be used next semester. UNIVERSITY HOOK STORE (Across From Vifion) ' M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40'
Louis To Meet Baer Joe Louis aims for a quick knockout in his bout with Buddy Baer tonight in Madison Square Garden. The Brown Bomber is somewhat annoyed when another pug dumps him out on the curtain on his head. He is also xx’ritated when accused of foul tactics. And above all he doesn’t like a squawk from anyone. Unfox’tunately, the big Californian did all of these to the Champ last spring. Joe stopped Buddy in the sixth that night^ut he’d like to make the matter mox% decisive this time. Too Bad, Buddj Return engagements always have been somewhat fatal for fellows who have suiwived the first tussle with the Bomber Max Schmeling tried it and got nowhere. In his return engagement with Bob Pastor, who bicycled for the route once, Joe flooi’ed him six times in pound-
ing out a decisive victory. ' Big Buddy Baer is usd&aid facing Joe’s dynamite a^als. still has the same right fend tfet clipped the champ last May, and he could do it agaiiu Howev^x^^^iE training and attitude bear any weight, he may be facing, a new man this time. " ' “When Joe gets peeved, it hasi^ been safe to "ti'y to IdxOfik: it dllfe off Txis shoulder. He didn’t'HkSe the fuss Buddy andliiscainp'^hieS-^h;-er the last meeting, whfetx knocked down meat the^dnd^ef^e aixth round, got Op, and^WSs'^dfelt a terrific wallop after the bdlUfeSing thd round, and then was qualified when his hhndlem -'refused to leave the "ring at’the'SSurt of the seventh. Louis Slated for Army This may be Louis's last fight for a while if not for good. He's^sfifagduled to go in to the army hi the next few weeks, and although .plans are under way for an army relief fight in a couple of months, “neither Joe, his managex’s, nor Pr<Hnoter Mike Jacobs are sure what ’lies ahead.
HURRY! IIMITED mi! % mm the
/ • The original Wind a^ Wwth4r 1 tj ' Help* guatd, tanfer vkhMigidnat dtaf ^ weathering by cold and wu|ri.St5>ckfe« , . —you save on avi^lioltbl/Qet' / 4-bottIe Family Packate and «ava $31
COSMETICS
Asxdii.
" >fv ^
STREET
Aw:
A { '
5'^i’fv '
1% •?-*'
I Is f<
pii'-:’ fC\V ■
illel Committee Sets ly As Deadline llir Clothing, Books ■^^li^hcsVbooks, magazines and all .otlfel'; artiCliss which students are |ij|fenhiihg to contribute to the war StihSlfc drive should be turned in ■ liyiiext Moiiday as that is the dead4ilW'set by the Reliei Fund GojoiWinatittg Committee sponsoring Hiife dtive. Articles must be turned 5n; b.e^bi-c 6 p. m. in room 211 of ;thb ilnion. 'f'hc committee is appealing to all iUniVCi-sity students and faculty 'members to contribute,any of the *aiforementioned articles which they (do not need. All types of clothing, esijeeially wool, are greatly needed. fHockcina Heads Committee ■ 'jicaded by Prof. F. G. Hockema, 'Assistant to the President, thecomimittcc initiated its fall drive for W'ar bundles on December 12. Clothing obtained from this drive will be ■sent to destitute civilians in war.torii' areas, books 'will be sent to nrmy camps throughout the country, and magazines will either be ■distributed along with the books or will be sold and the money used to -buy blankets and other necessary .ai'ticles. • Ail contributions should be brought to the central receiving r.dom in the Union; or members of the committee listed below, if contacted, will ai^range for collection of the articles, Other Members ■'In addition to Prof. Hockema, Mary L. Matthews, dean of tbe ' S’Choor of Home Economics, a,iid Prof. L. M. Sears, of the history staff,: represent the faculty listed du the committee. Members from the student body inelude Dick Dibos, Damon Elder, Florence Croll, Agnes McCulloch, Gloria Fox, Barbara (Ann Adkins, Mildred Owens, Mary ''Eljen Scarff, Bob Steckcr, Rex Maybcld, Lee Ruffner, and Bill Farber. a.p.h. Squash Callout For $rosh, Wednesday .- AH freshmen interested in paritiqipating in freshman squash are asked to be present at a meeting rcpneeming the sport that is to be '■bSd in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, at ,7:00 p.m., 'Wednesday January / .There is a chance for freshman .liiuncrals in the spring, and as ■^pash is an easily learned, and infefesting sport there is an excellent chance to develop into varsity material for next season. The squash courts will be^open to freshmen every evening after seven o’clock, and equipment can be checked •but from the supply room in the Fieldhouse.
,‘‘Z/Oiiisiawa'
Dr. Corley To Speak To Chykal Society Dr. R. • C. Corley, professor of , biochemistry, will be the speaker ,at the January meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society at 7:30 p.m. next Monday in roomj211, Stanley Coub ter Hall. Dr. Corley’s subject will be “Chemistry of the Immunity Reactions.’’ At 6:66 p.m.j a dinner will be given in honor of Dr. and Mrs.
Corley in the Union.
Dr. Corley was awarded the Doctor of Philosophy degree" from the University of Illinois in 1924 and beeame Instructor and Assistant Professor of Biochemistry, School of Medicine, Tulane University, New Orleans, the same year. He tbok up his ■vvork here in 1930. j.v.s.
Notices
• AtfrUalturiM Biislness Staff/Meeting frl(Wi Jan. 9, 7 :S0 pirn, in office. AttenStiaco ■rcQUireti. AltVlDSON itifle. Club : , Boport...to' Fieldhouse rifle range Saturday afternoon, 8:6(), for flrst Big Ten'nlaicli. :! —TADMAN Out'ingClub: Ice Skating party, Tueoday, Jan, 13. Meet at wc.st door of Union at 7 pTm. Transportation fntnished. - Gall' Grcd Corduas, 9115.7, or Gail-Hennis, 2907, tot reservations • before !M6nday evening.
—BUBRGLER
All Students:{AU prescriptibn8 to bo filled in the Apothecary must be, received not later than 4 p. m, Monday through Friday, and by 11:30 a. m. oh Saturday, AH prescriptions must be Called for-at ■the counter in the Apothecary of the • School of Phar-
macy-.
Sigma Delta Glii Members:'Will all per- Acromodelcrs: There will bo an important sons who still haye Rassle tickets out \ro- meeting in Room, 80, ^Friday, Jam 9, at turn them or the money'immediately to nic, 7 :;i0 p.m. Be sure to attend, Plans for next . / —ADAMSON semester will bo discussed. —-VELKOFF
. AH Met»: AIMI Wtidhosday* JaiJ. 14.
'open. ■ Interfoundatiohal Athletic >,^^811 games ht 1 i8(j ,p. *»• Saturday 4n th,a F|eldhousc oh court li Bapflsts vs. Rresbytoidans and the Christians vs.: Methodists. jTcaScjbc ' ipV. , ‘f^BOACK
prompt
Classified
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes Bold, rented, repaircii, and purOhased. Mimeograph work done; C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Two modern insulated rooms, one single, one double. Continuous hot water. Single beds, iniier.spring mattresses. Near Ficld■liouse., 606 Dodge St. ■
All Military Students :’There ■.•Will bo ; no X-hours, Y-hours, or corps: day durihg the week of Jan. 6-10. All other ciaBSeS, .tvill meet as scheduled. .--^-QjtAHAM AH Military Juniors:. AH ircconnaisshnee classes meeting Wed., Thursday, and Ftt., ,ian. 7, 8, and 9; will meet in the Field-
house at the cast door. , ■ -/^MES^ERSMITH
All Military SiUUents: Ail students having absences in drills may make thfehri Up during weeks of Jan. 14 to 27, ihcl. .Credit for those make ups will be itivoh in Ist .semester grades for Students With C or ’ 1 grades due to absences, all others will receive credit on their 2hd seniester grades., Two wct'lts period fiiV rhhKe iift ■Will be determined by counting all regular school weeks between Deo. 8 ahd Jah, 27 exeept-
ing week of Jan. 6 to 10, ihci:' :' ■
/■ ,:, -^-^BAHAM
Freshman Engineers: Meet for. Engihcering r octprf, Satur''>‘y, .Tan. lOv at 8 a.'ip. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seating hssignmctits are posted near the mam. entranOc of Michael Golden Sliop.s. ' —KNAPP Chinese Students: The rcgii()ar monthly meeting ,will bo held on Friday, Jain. 9, in room 263 of the Union at 7 p.m, NeW ofilccrs for next semester w|II be ■elected and some important business will , bo discussed. ■ , ■ ' ■' —LIUAgriculturist Editorial Staff i Everybody except departmental editors is expected to attend staff meeting in oftieo Friday at 4 p.m. Freshmen interested ; should be there by all moans. - •'.-f^RIGGS
Pistol Team Tryouts i The following listed Stuilents are asked to report at the Armory
January 14, 1942:
4 :00 p.m.: Baynes, F. L.; Bcdwcll, R. R. RolloWs, H.-; Bfyant, .R. J. j Katz-, A./S.; Kuhn, W. A.! Laird. A.; Mbachem, J. R.; Miller. P. G. : Nicholson, B. E. Parker; H. W.; Pearson. J. M;; Sharpe, V. G.; Sines. F. E,; Songef, J. R.; Welbauin, E. A.; Wendt, R. ;iR. ; Westcott,’D. P.; Woltcr, G.
R.: ebrnelius, E. H.
6:00 p.mV: Brunk, J, F.; Coffing. T. H.; Criste, J. D.: Dickey, B. C.;, dcBruyn, H. G.: Farnsworth, L. E.: Frickc, B. C.: Gcrnnnd, W. F.; Greenhalgh, D. K.: Jones, C. E.: Link, G, H,; Lukcnbill, E. D.; Me- , Cabe, L. J.: Metzger, F. A.: Rodgers, P. E.: Singer, M.: Smith, B. G.; Southworth. G. S.
—BROWN
Pistol Team: ,Important meeting in room 106 of the Armory, Friday, January 9 at 4 ip.m. , , : \ —BROWN Student . War Council : Important metding Saturday, January io, at 1:80 p.m. in the Student Senate office. —DIBOS Sociology Students: No tests this week in Soc. 76, divisions B, U, & G and Soc. 170A. —SMITH, Newman Club: Monthly breakfast in St. Mary's Auditorium immediately after 9:30 Mass. Sunday, Jail. 11.
—RUNNION
Reamers: Show no go. Future plans Will be discussed at meeting. Monday, Jan. 12, at, 7:30 p. .'in. in room 304 of the Union.
—RUFFNER
Sophomore UnibA Wbrktlti:/; Jihitottant incnllng of all workert: eofcltninff tok exchange Friday, Jan. 9, ih Dniph qffibe at 4:16 i). m. , —DEUSTteRCosmopolitan Cliib: No tnoctlng/Erldfty. Jan. 9, .at 4 :80 p, m. as KWAivER - Scrivener: The toliPWing be at ,thc Scrivener office at l-‘^0, Saturday, Jan. Ip: Graves, Rieglc, Dunhar, Gallatin,i.AilWanlt,
Hbwnrd, ■ Scaright, and
Book’ Exchange: Meeting bf .-’Ihe board Friday, Jah. 9, at 4 p. _ hi. >n. the Student Union office. All >hem™ra Wehae be present. ,—HUDSON' ,
Applied, Mechahicb 21 sand 22
The condition exahaination in 'AppHpd, Mechanics 21 and 22 ..Will- be given Saturday, Jan. 10. from V W.:4 p. m. in room. HO or Heavilort- Hall. —■RQORMAN : Junior Military Students: Jt;,you wiaii'to enter 166 rnttii. hOWitaer eohipetlUon fpr the second semesteri'it&rn' is j|s,t 'qr sqUdd /by npbh, Jan. IT’, ■tb VtlWht;l;Buhyr,:,List , elude two juniors, hine, SDphpihprc.s. , /’I
-iV'f' —kuby-'■
WAA: Ping ’ poh'k’, and-, sfjtiffiebpard ('itfajioiit will be Mbhday, Jan/ 19, 00,4 p, nivlat women’s,■earth.’. .
I
FOR AlU
Aetosa ifroni tiuiSn ' ‘Red” Sammaht "29 ■■ ■ ,‘ “DOe*’ rippIS '49,
SITTING PRETTY are the misses Lynda Grey and Katherine Booth, two of the lucky twelve girls chosen from all over the States by Director Irving Cummings to appear ■with Bob Hope, Vera Zorina and Victor Moore in Paraniount’s gay, high stepping-musical comedy, “Louisiana Purchase.” Tiie one-dozen members of the all-American beauty lineup are being billed as the “Louisiana Lovelies—the Cream of the Crop!” The entire production is filmed in natural Technicolor. Starts Sunday at the Lafayette. Army, Navy Advances University Graduates As U. S. Speeds Up Flight Training Program
Many former University students who have taken the step toward becoming a part of Uncle Sam’s swiftly growing flighting force are reported making progress up through the ranks. Lawrence D. Wilson, who formerly studied vocational agriculture here,-has become a member of the first class of aviation cadets to enter the air corpti replacement training center at Kelly Field, Texas, since the United States entered World War II. Wilson is a member of the Air Crew there. . At the Corpus Christ! Naval Air Station, Roy Gibson has successfully completed primary flight train-
ing to receive the rank of Aviation Cadet. While at the University, Gibson was active in Playshop. Richard C. Sogge, former student here, received the coveted wings of a Navy pilot and the rank of ensign in the U. S. Naval Reserve. So.gge .graduated and leceived his wings at Pensacola, Florida. As a part of the nation-wide speed-up program, the Army Air Corps Advanced Flying School at Victoria, Texas .graduated class 42A ahead of schedule, and alon.g with it F. E. Powell, who received his B.S. degree in, Forestry at the University. w.g.h.
Rifle Club To Meet Notes Pest Controllers
Badgers Tomorrow
Members of the Purdue rifle team ■■will’fire their first match and Big ■Ten, opener of the season tomorrow .afternoon against the Wisconsin Badgers. Unlike other. Big Ten .schools, the I'ifle team, -which is ..spqnsored by the Purdue Rifle Club, .is, nqt recognized as a major or minor sport by the University. Heading the Rifle Club are three officers: Jack Tadman, president; •Walter Smith, treasurer; Seymour •Wci.sbcrg, officer-at-large. Besides sponsoring the rifle team, the Rifle Club; is trying to show the .school authorities the advantage of having the rifle team as an official minor sport, d.w.o.
'.'Lehigh university recently celebrated its seventy-fifth birthday.
Lafayette college is in its 110th a^dcmic year.
Scholarships, fellowships, and assistantships in Civil Engineering, Electrical En,gineering, IMfechanical Engineering, Chemical Engincerin.g, Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, and Mechanics at the Illinois Institute of Technology, which is a consolidation of Armour Institute and
Lewis Institute.
Two-hundred ci,ghty graduate apliointmonts at the Iowa State College of Agriculture and Mechanical Alts, includin.g both engineering and agricultural positions. Apjiointments in the College of En,gineerin.u’, University of Missouri, coiisisting of Graduate Assistants in Chemical, Civil, Electrical, and Mechanical En.gineering. Ten post-doctorate Fellowships foi’ research in physics, chemical physics, jihysical metallurgy, and applied mechanics made available b.v the Westinghouse Electi’ie and Manufacturing Company. Information ,l•eg3rding these announcements may be secured at the
Perspnne] Office.
(Continued from page 1) acts due to ignorance but other's are cases of obvious fraud. Against the latter the association has cooperated with law enforcement agencies to cur® the promoters who have no
business ethics.
Many Help Fight Pests Many professions, industries and sciences contribute to post control. Enlisting informed individuals and agencies has already produced important results. Surveys have enabled the industry to assemble important facts to govern future programs. Still in its infancy, the pest control industry has advanced further in the last ten years than in the previous one hundred.
“MEET ME ' Sit ' WALGREEN’S” DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YQU'ftE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
Oee^ Tie Folks sure were swell to give me a ^ Parker . \enan<ipenclF
They h kefios^ nice hngletters] You'll write. ' •Besides it will! he a hig help in your c/asswork
ASK TO SEE THE PEN THAT IS THE ALL-AMEIHCAN CHOICJ': ON THE CAMPUS - THF/PARKEB Pens from $1.93 to $10.00 .Sets from $2.93 to $15.00 Look for Parker’s Blue Diamoml— It Means Guaranteed for Life
BlCliER’S, Inc. 518-20 Maih Phone 5036
Southworth’s
BRING 'EM BACK ALIVE
Clean Up On Your USED BOOKS
( ..W ml ti£ XT .'V ‘tat «kii
“Bring 'em Back Alive" is just as applicable to USED textbooks as it is to the animals Frcmk Buck exploits so profitably. This is the first thing students should realize about selling their old textbooks. The different in value placed upon latest editions and older editions is as great os that between a live and a stuffed monkey. Contrary to general belief) the life of a textbook is not measured alone by durability. Most students now know that in terips of economy, used books offer better values than new books; but, few realize how rapidly new editions crowd preceding ones off the market. Each new editibn lowers the value of earlier editions, though SOUTH WORTH'S with its facilities and market contacts, is the most likely place to sell a reasonably recent edition at a reasonable price. And so, our suggestion is to "Bring 'em Back Alive"-—while they still have current value. If you wish to TRADE your old books on next semester's books you will receive an additional 10% valuation.
SELL ALL YOUR BOOKS AND USED ENGINEERING SUPPLIES
FOR
C A S H or EXCHANGE at PtlHlIJE eOOK&SUFFLYnCfiE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
Southworth’s