^ ''S
ftfeiHl
VOLUME XLVn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAV, MAY 1,1936
Mi ,' ' . S
SrOMBEK 147 |
Activities Aid Prom-Goers WUAA Offers Variety Hour ; Frosh Play Jnniers. Sophomores
Prom activities will hot be over when the dance ends tomorrow morning at 3 o’clock; a full program of events has been scheduled for tomorrow afternoon and evening. Most prominent is the freshmanvarsity football battle in the Eoss,Ade stadium, and the regular Memorial Union mixer in the evenihg will also draw many of the Prom-
goers.
Fooitball Game Grid aspirants from the class of *89 will meet the veterans of the junior and sophomore classes in a battle royal tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. Tickets for the encounter may be purchased from Gimlet pledgeAor at gate for 26 cenfe At i4 b’lelockT i*urdue’s t^^ tehm t?iE meet Ghfcago in the siAd^ and grid spectators will be permit^ ted to remain to see thd star^ of the cinder path in action.; : ^ Charley Boulanger and his INBC orchestra ;wiil provide music for the Post-Prom mixer tomorrow evehihg in the Union ballroom from 9 imtil 12 O’clock. The regular price Of phe dollar per couple wiU prevail. ,;.v-;Piiihers' The Menioriai UniOli Building will be the scene for a number of private dinners this evening^ A number of fraternities will eutertaih menibers and guests vvith formal dinners tohight. Ednner will be held at the Delta UpSiloh. Bigma; Chi, Phi SCap-
Benny Goodman and his vocalist, Helen Ward, who are “swinging it” tonight at the Prom.
44
Pinds Favor Goodman’s Orchestra Rises To Fame Rapidly
Benny Goodman, youthful niaes^ tfo aiid leader in dhe mod^ “swing” style of, music who will play i for the ;Kpom tonight, lirst leaped into popularity when he Was chosen from 125 pfchestra leaders to head the “Let’s Dance Program”. Organizing hiS Own band for the express purpose of entering that competition, he began his climb to fame
less than a year ago,
Helen Ward, Who Goodman Says
is the only singer who. can "swing"
pa TaUi Hhi Kappa Psi, and Si^a with his band, is one of his featured
Phi Epsiloh: houses. Breakfast for prom g-oers and their dates Will be held at the houses of Alpha Gamma Rhoj Delta Ghi, and Lambda Chi
Alpha.
Need Motto
2,500 Fiction Volumes In New Reading Room
A suitable inscription to be placed over the fireplace in the “browsing’? library in the new east wing. Of the Union Building has kept the authorities quite busy. Several have been considered, but a choice has not yet been made. Student opinion is solicited in order to make the choice agreeable. These opinions should be turned in to the Union office. The new library will be placed in the southeast corner of the building and it will eventually be stocked with 2,600 volumes. Comfort will be the chief concern in the furnishing of the room. Among those inscriptions already submitted the following have been approved; , ’Tis the good reader that makes the good book.—’Eniterson. Books are the immortality of speech.—!-Schlegel. Master books, but do not let them master you. Read to live, nOt live to read.-—-Bulwer,-To read without refleeting is iiko eating without digesting.—Ettrk®* ^ Happy is he who haS daid up in Wff youth, and held fast in all for tune, a genuine and passionate love for feadiug,--Ghoate. Books are Jighthopsea erected in the sea of timA-fyiihipple, To read in comfort is to read en-joyably.-r-Bauer.
vocalists, along with “Toots” Mondella and Gene Kruppa, She made her professional debut with Goodman, and has been with his band ever Since. Kruppa is nominally the drummer, but occasionally sings novelty numbers in his unique style. Benny himself started out his musical career as a clarinetist, and often forsakes his baton to lend his clarinet interpretatioris to the “swing’’ rhythm of the band. In nearly all of his numerous recordings, Benny’s clarinet melodies are featured^ showing his popularity. At present Goodman is playing regularly in tke Congress hotel in ChiCagQ, Where he has been drawing enormous crowds.; According to present plans, the band ■will return to the Windy City immediately, following the Prom. Next Friday Benny and his boys will travel to Bloomington to play for the Indiana Uiiiyersity Prom.
Exponent To Print
Picture Tomorrow
The Exponent will feature in tomorrow’s edition, a special, halfpage engraving showing the grand march of the Junior Prom, J. C. Allen, photographer, will make the phptogtaph at the conclusion ot the march and will develop it immediately and rush it to the Lafayette engravers, where a special staff will make the cut.
According to Mr. Allen, it is imperative that Promxgoers cooperate with him in making the picture. The lack of sufficient lighting in the ballroom will make it nec^sary to take a time exposure, and any movements will ruin at least a part of the picture.
Original plans called for the pub lication of a special Prom edition of the Exponent early Saturday morning which would be on sale at the Ujaiori before the close of Wh^ the time of dosing was^ a^ vanced to 3, o’clock, however, such plans were nece^anly a J. Oi Allen will make up additional prihtsj^f the igrandm^ch picture Shd these ■will be on salh at the Union dtesk: befpr^ the close the dance.i,: ‘
Kizer Plans Lecture Tour
I^diana^ RgM t licty Aluinni To See Movies
Noble E. Kizer, athletic direetof and head ^fobthall cba^, and B.. B, Baugh; executive secretary of the Purdue Alumni Association, •will leave here Monday on a week’s Speaking tour that calls for ten different appearances in nine different cities.-
Coriiett Edits Paper
B, jbajg e^iter oif the Bxppneh^ is at present employed in :Ik>8 Afigeles, California; as editor of two Repuhlickn journals. Hp writes that manfging a school paper is likp “a lily pond compared with effitiug U politi cal paper in the midst of jprimary elections which will he held M#^
ANN0UNCES.^P>GIN6^V.: Tam Epsilon announces 1 idedging of yvilliam S^dmaA Nev London, Conn, and Steve Bacharach; : New'Y<h’k:Gity, N.'Y,-/; r ^
Agricultural Staff Plans Reception
New members of the Purdue Ag' riculturist, student magazine of the agricultural school, will entertain old members of the staff at an inforr mal reception, in roems 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building MOn? day evening at 8 o’clock. Dr. J, H* McKee, qf the Univemity department Of English, Prof. y. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the school of a^culture, and W. A^ Boddon, assistant controller, will take part in the discussion of the ipolicies of pUb lieatioh, f ollomng which the plans for the coming yepr will be mpde.
All of the meetings, with the exception Of an appearance before the Rotary club in Anderson, •will be Purdue Alumni club affairs; The week’s traveling schedule follo^ws: Monday noon,; Kokomo; Monday night, Marion; Tuesday noon,, AndersOn (Rotary luncheon) ; Tuesday night, Anderson; Wednesday noon, Indianapolis; Wednesday night, Louisville, Ky,; Thursday noon, Bedford; Thursday night, Evanss ville; Friday noon, Vincennes; Friday night, Terre Haute. As an added feature of the meetings, Kizer will supplement his addresses with a special showing of a recently completed moHoh picture, “Purdue Grid^^ews”, In addition to presenting some Of the most thrilling plays frOm Boilermaker games of recent years, the film ^1 provide a preview of the indmduals who are expected to make up Purdue’s 1936 eleven, along -with informal pictures of the eoaching staff and other campus personalities.
Auto Oub Formulates Cousfitution
Formulation of a constitution was the clhief business at the second meeting of the University Auto club, held in the Phi Delta Theta house last night. Promotion of interest in automotive engineering and of safety on the public highways is the dual purpose of this organization. It hopes to carry on a program of safety in cooperation with Lieutenant"Kreml, of the safety institute, in addition to building several special cars.,
WBAA Offers New Program
‘‘Variety Hour” Features Ebershoff And Band, Other Talent
The “Campus Variety Hour” will be presented as an added attraction on the special Prom radio broadcast from the faculty lounge of the Union at 2:16 timaorrow. iKeU :Eb6rsh^ and hisv orchestra ;are^"to da,hce mumc for this posLProm enfertainmentvV: Bill ahd Howard Keeman ■will entertain vrath a piano and; sax duet. Dick LinyBle and: Kay Cardan are to give a tap dance number, Tffie “Collegiate ;Four”^ consisting of Pat, Haywo<M> Bud .Br^nt, Jo Friend, and Dick Linville, will render a gromp of songs. : FredfAhtens, Of “Carinita’’;fame, is to alipear ill a comedy skit, during the program, Jan Nilson and Boh Egnor are to he featoed as vocalists with Bill Douglass as their accOriipahist, V Hugh Morris and Bill McCord ■will announce the program, wMch is under the joint direction of WBAA aud the ; Student Union. No admission will he charged,; and spectators ■will act as a “studio audience” during the broadcast. ■
Junipr Prom Clims^es . _
Music For Over Five Hundred Couples
Emei’ging from its academic atmosphere, the Purdue camr pus will climax its social season tonight as approximately 550
A.gs Fr(epar& For . Annual 4rM Club Con^renee Here
Grand March, led by O. W. “Lefty”, Martin and his partner, Miss Mary Hunt, will take place. The decorations which will be completed this afternoon will consist of two stairways leading from a: double landing to a balcony in the center of the ballroom directly behind the orchestra. The structure ■will be strong enough to support the weight of couples who desire to ■view the dance from the balcony. Designer The decoratioris were desighed by John Ammerman who, in addition to drhwhg plahs,cOhstructed a min, iaiurp; set of deCdratiOhs frohi plastic Wood. The orchestra platform and most of the ;decorations are located in the north end of the new additiPh to the ballroPm;^ ■Where ia temporary fioof has been laid, T^he new floor has been polished; and Waxed and will be in good shape fPr ■the'dance, Fraternity booths, each of which; Will accomodate one Pr mere fraternitiesj are feeing arranged in the lounges today by the committee. BigUs ■with the: names of ti^ve fraternities Will fee attached to tiie-hoPths.- .v' ■ ■ .Banquets ■, A banquet for last year’s and this year’s Prom committees will he held at 8 o’clock precedihg the dance. Also, a formal banquet for those Who have made reservations wili be held ih the peasant room of the Union from 7 to 9 o’clock. The booth for the chaperones will he located in the west end of the main lounge; however, refreshments for the chaperones; consisting pf punch and cookies, will be; served in rooms :1 ahd 2.,
:30 o’clock when the
Band Parades For Kmitucky Festival Day
IP
Blnmmated lustrnments Give Golorful Effects To Parade
Watson To Speak At Prpdneers’ Ban(i|uet
Tho Uhipn^^l^ at I o’PlP<^ this afternoon so that fratetii% booths cah ho arranged. Trucks will begin picking up furnitiWe itihht at 9 o’clock ,this;mofnihg;;: campus drives will all be closed at 6 o’clock; Grant Stieeti will hP closed at 9 toifightand reserved for parking. Gars will fee permitted to ehter from State Btreet only: and Will fee parimd diagonally. ^ ^ Regular ticket holders Will fee admitted through JheWmstehtraace of the Uffion o^^ly. Cphii^imieht^ ticket holders Will use only the souti? entrance. The billiard room will he used for checking, a charge of ten cents per person'heing'madp.
Frank Watsoni director. University Housing Research Project, will fee the principal speaker at the annual dinher of tho Brochmms’U cil, to he. held at Old. Point Gontfort, Virginia, Tuesday. Mr. Watson will discuss the present housirig ,situation in the United States. The Producers’ Council is ah organisation composed of representatives of the foremost manixf^acturers of feuUidhig mat^ equip? ment in the United States* AlMatedl With the American Institute of Axchitectp, the Prod^ Council holds its annual meeting concurs rent witii ffense of the A, L A. A number of meetings will be held in the phi; Beta kappa HaU on the campUs of the College of William and Mary, at WtBiamishurg;
As the time nears for the annual conferehce of Indiana 4-H club boys and girls, certain mem^’crs df the agriculturai schbOl turn their heads together to make the three-day meeting an interesting gathetihs far the Hoosier, youths attending. Among those partaking in this preparation are the students taking the dairy manufacturing option. Each afternoon one entering Smith Hall will notice that students are making gallons of different kinds of ice creams to sell to the up and coming 4-H club members. Under the direction of BiU Schlosser, president of the Dairy club and a member of the Beta Theta Pi social fraternity, students are making chocolate, vanilla and strawberry creams. " - ; . Packaging; , After the freezing of these various fiayOfs, the creams are packaged into fourth pint: cartons and stored in the hardening or refrigeration room of the University Creamery, later to fee sold at a special counter in Smith Hall to those at? tending the annual 4-H Round-Up and Egg and Chick show next Wed-: nesday^ Thursday and Friday. The sales Will open at 8 in the morning an<l continue until 6 in the afterlioop, While all proceed will go to flnahco tfee dairy mahttfacturmg judging team on ffe®ti;ips next falk
Hold Open House Next Wednesday Class hour conditiohs at the Uhiyersity Will be ■ratnessed fey nearly 4000 visitofs when the annual open house night is held on the campus next Wednesday night from 7:30 until 10 o’clock. The dOors of ;aU the engineering schools, Michael Gold en Shops, Physics, Biology, iahd Pharma,cy buildings will be open ■wide to the general public. : Special demonstrations and lectured will be gi^ven in the foundry. Electrical building, and Chemistry building; Students in the respective schools are preparing all exhibits. Souvenirs ■will he given away in the machine shop, No admission will be charged.
Swinging along brilliantly with' brightly lighted instruments,, each man identified by a colored small light, the University band led the Queen’s Division of the Kentucky Derby Festival day parade Wedn^day night. Rain earlier in the day, kept members of the band preparing emergency covers to protect the instruments, and threatened to inter'* rupt the festivities. Twenty minutes before paraide tinie the down-pour ceased and the huge Purdue drum rolled out on schedule. Mounted on its top was a lighted pony that appeared to prance as the drum moved forward.; Eight lanterns showing the letter “P” encircled the band with its lighted instruments. The basO drtiattt carried ;l63 lights. The parade, tWp or ttoee inBes in length, featured bands from several other colleges, among them ihdiana, Kentucky, and East Kentucky State Teachers. In all there were 69 units. The Indiana band headed the commercial divifeioni composed of floats of leading manufacturers and merchants. As the University hand, lust year named the “Best College Band” at the festiyali passed the feyieWing stand, C: M. Jorgesoh, dram major, twirled his featon on Which were two airplane flares, producing the effeefe of two halls of fire. The Irind left at 7:30 and spent the day at Ghurchill Downs as guests of the Derby Festival Association. The Louist^e Alumni Association entertained; the group at a banquet in the Kentucky Hotel. The “Best Band” for IMS : year has not yet been named.
ala
WBAA Continues Traffic Campaign
Prom Bobths
Prodigy To Complete 4 Years Of School In 8 Months
Ebrie Visits Caiii|>iis
Dr. Lprie, president of Golorudo State QoUeg® of Agricnltnre and Meclmhic visited the campus yesterda#<#his return fFQik a tr^ ^ Wnsldngtpn. Lio^ the Mechanical engineering^^^^^I^^^^ gtories and thehowi®®
Chicago-f-(ACP)--A feachdlor of Arte degree in eigrht mohthsf^^ T^ ■will be; the record of Dohald MacMwfay, sensktionial New York prodigy, if he gradnatos from thS University of Ohfcagfe ig cording to schedule, ; MacMurray, wfeo graduated from a Bronx high school Jab 1-6, is the fastest "of the prodij^es attiacted by Chicago's new plan, allowing graduation as spou as cahdhlhfeBs <»n pass''examination8JjJ;:''v :'"':j::
The following organizations Will be grouped together in Prom booths as indicated below. The booths will be located in yarious sections of the Memorial Union Buildiiig, 1, P. 1. A; 2. Gary HaUS.J8 Delta Tau Delta, Phi Kappa Psi; and Beta Theta Pi; 4* Delta Chi, Alpha Tau Omega, Delta Sigma Lambda,: and Iximhda Ghi Alpha. 6, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Commons Club, Beta Sig gia Psi, and Phi Pi Phi. 6. Acacia; Phd Sigma KAppa, Pi and Theta Chi. 7. Delta Upsilon, Phi Gamma Delta, Sigma Phi: Epskoni and Pill Kappa. 8. Bfei Kappa Sig nm, Theta Tau, aiul j^pa bgtta Rho. 9. Theta jki, Siggia Nu, Kappa Epsilon, and Sigina Pi. 10. Bigma Adpha Mu and Tau Eipsildh Bhi. 11. Alpha Gamnia JthO, Pi Kap^ Pa Phi, and^iahgie. 12:j^igtna AI pfea Epsilon, Bigma Ghi, and Pfei Delta Theta; IS, Kappa Sig*nsi» Phi Kappa Tau, and Pi Kappa AiphA.
Carry^g on tne campaign against reckless driving, WBAA. and the Lafayette, police department conducted th® second of a series off interyiews ■With the everyday motorist from the corner of Tenth and Elizabeth Streets. Tom McCreadie, student anhopiicer, and J; E;, McElhehs^ Of tim ihflOi lie safety institute, interviewed Baotoriste, two of whom; ■'Were fragi out of the state; Caty Police tain J^ D. Craiggule spoke agaiiiSt carelessness shown in the issuing of driver’s licenses. Copies of safety rales were given to the motorists interviewed. This broadcast was made over a Jefferson high school hook-up with WBAA. However, plans are being made to string a telephone loop around the city, connecting with the station, aud making fragl various pointe possiHe.
Kappa Psi IniliatGs Eight Pharmacists
Phi Kappa Tau
Phi Kappa TAu announces the initiation of Robert Best, Elkhorn, Wis.
Kappa Psi, national pharmaceu^ ti<»l fraternity, tonight held its iqt-. itiation banquet in the Peasant Room of the Memorial Union. The following men were initiated: S* W. Arnett, S, K. BeH, B. Hensler, A. G. .
Luken, B. S. Markel, L W. Nelson, . | 6. H. Eeiff and D, A. Slattwy, EArL * ‘ i
Goodnight, weU ' - . .
the field gf pharmacy.
iiAlt935 Membef PtesockAed MeaicAe Press ' Dlstclb«stoff of GoUegUe Di6est
UtiiilMr WWioBri Cbn«s» PtmS ■AB8oeia«6i»,:.BiB BidtariTe!y Eepresent^ by Nntlenal Aaverttoine Sesrlce. Ine. , .■ .420 Madlwm wAvcmie.::|ife# Yorit :Citjr. ^
. Sntered as seeond matter at the poet office, liSfaye^, Indian^ BMffl, ?8.B0 per year; delivereij by carrier, $2,50 per year; sold by single eopy, 8
Btadness Phone 6088
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Bditbrtal Ph^e 6087
Oaii; StHdent Pafolimtion df, Purdufe Univegsity
Sditor-iB'^Chief-MansKins Bditor-
BOITOSIAE STAirr
Associate Editors..
Stk>rte Editor.1
Associate Sjwrh) Editors^
laipboTBore' AssietantB- . 0. Harper, JTr.,
Bold and Blade Editor—
~,H. V. H«m«
... C. H. Campbell
. Aril, bhasteen, C. M. Hardin, W; T. Hunt, K H. Morris, M. G. Walther
., ... N. E. Hays
..D. F. Mull, CH. Walpole, U D. Wood ■ , gj A. Barnette. J. E. Brock; A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler. R. C. Schenk, J.JU von,
W. Ri Abbott
Business Manairar_ Adyartisins' Manager.. Advertising Assistants.. Oireulation Manager—
BUSINESS STAFF
..W. A. Koch
..H. F. Antonini "f.! hV Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
..B. J. Hulse
Friday, May 1, 1936.
Issue Editor—C. D. Schroeder.
Notes On A Capital Affair
Today’s the „ ordinary worries that are a part of college. During the past few weeks, there has been an unusual quantity of “squeaking” from various sources about the dance> the change of date, the type of dress, and so on. Such things are minor necessities that precede every Purdue Prom, but they at least show the , ^ _ 1.1. X,- ..L XI. . _x..
his blessing, one of the biggest “if’s” related to the success of any such event will be eliminated. There is another thing that should be called to the attention of Prom-goers. Two years ago a fatal accident occured while two couples were on their way to Indianapolis for a post-Prom breakfast. The accident was very unfortunate to say the least, but it all cast a peculiar reflection on the dance and on the University. Every precaution should be taken to prevent a recurrence of such an unfortunate incident.. With the use of an ordinary amount of common sense, tonight’s Prom should be a capital aifair . . . but tomorrow the . ... . , n ’"remain.
it a valuable souvenir of the Prom of ’36. Please prevent a blur by just standing on one spot for a total of ten seconds while a time exposure is being made.
The column dedicated to the dass of *37 and their convict Prom goers. Lambert is keeping Prom-Ghair-man Martin in Indianapolis until 6 o’c^sk tphij^ht. V . aiid woiddirt it be tough if he dii^t feet badfi ; it is rumbr^ that he chahg0 the date to {May 1 so that he bould be 4ueen of the May, too. ; We nominate Harvey Cline as the best looking “ed” on the campusjudging from prom photographs. Local florists records show that orchids are the most popular flower for Prom. The Sigma Chi tightwads conceived the novel idea of ordering two orchids in one order thereby saving a dollar. To their credit, however, let it be said they didn’t think of this until after they had placed their single orders. To whom it May Concern: This is to certify that I have left town—for good. John Matthews. (Sally Schaaf sent in this news.)
Ducats Go On Sale Monday. PlaysHop Patrons May Obtaiii Tickets At 4 , Tickets for Play shop’s Mother’s Day show, “The Romantic Young Lady”, which is to be given next week on the Jefferson high school stage, will go on sale Monday at 4 o’clock in the Union Building lobby. The box office will be maintained from'4 to 6 p. m. every afternoon during the week except Saturday, when it will be open from 11 a. m. until 6 p. m. Patrons and subscribers who have already made reservations for the season may make changes in those reservations Saturday from 12.noon till 5 p. m. From all indications the advance ticket sales will be heavy. In view of this fact, it would he advisable for Playshop patrons to purchase tickets as soon as possible. According to H. Kenn Carmichael, the director of the play, “The Romantic Young Lady”, in its initial production, proved,to be a huge success, both from a box office point of view as well as a dramatic standpoint, It was also produced at the Neighborhood Playhouse in New York with the greatest of success.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today Junior Prom, Union ballroom, 10 p. m. Baseball, Indiana at Bloomington. Tomorrow Dance, Union ballroom, 9-12 p. m. Charley Boulanger’s Orchestra. Monday Sigma Xi Meeting, Union fa:culty lounge, 7:30-10 p. m. Tuesday Forestry Club, Hort Building, room 301, 7-10 p. m.
Teniiis Team ToPlaymim Coach Larry LaBree and four members of the Purdue tennis squad will leave here this morning for Champaign, 111., where the Boilermakers Will meet Illinoi's this afternoon in a Big Ten dual meet. The postponement of the meet with DePauw, which was scheduled for last Wednesday, marked the third straight day the meet had been held up because of wet, courts. A meeting between the two schools will be scheduled later in the season. The meet with Iowa, originally scheduled for tomorrow, has been changed to a later date by agreement of both teams.
Any Phi pelt several hours preceding and during Prom. People are wondering what Charlie Trees is going to do with the profits from those 23 prom tickets he has sold ? ? ? ? ? ?, (Ask Ruthie). Passers by noted thdt the Phi Gam hose looked like a garage yeS' terday afternoon. Listen Fijis, a shiny car won’t help you any for this shin dig tonight. We hear that at least two Alpha Kys are going to prom this year. The gals are sure popular in that bungalow. True to their promise, the prom committee is throwing one swell feed for their benefactor, Gould and his committee of last year’s prom, Walkey, Lommel, Speaker and Hall as yet ha^^ received no reply from Dorothy Dix for solving their dilemma as to who will double with who without fear of “old loves being renewed.” The respective gentlemen ( ?) escorts are Klopfenstein, Jones, Pierce and Stone. Hall has nothing to worry about though because Stone is always in a fog anyway. We would suggest walkingalone. Hugh Forster walked into a local “hot dog emporium” and upon looking at the extremely pale pink dogs remarked to the proprietor: “Those dogs are anemic, aren’t they?” “Oh, yes, they are very good,” replied the beaming bar tender. Animerman imports a date from I.U. She’s a beauty queen and a Pi Phi too, so be nice to Ammy, boys. The girls not going to prom can turn one on tonight ’cause they have until 4 o’clock to s .... up (we don’t like to say it).
Wisconsin’s billiard team will meet the University billiard squad in a challenge round in the Billiard room of the Union building tomorrow night. The local squad recently traveled to Madison to take the Percy Collins Cup given for the Champion University Straight Rail Billiards squad, and the Wisconsin group has challenged the locals in an ehdeavor to tegsdii po^esSioh ^ the coveted cup. The ciiS VaA placed iff !Billiards rooni this - year after it was won by the Utoitersity s^^ the first time, since they failed to take the cup in the two previous years,: > Nine games are to be played by the teams which consist of three men each. Ah additional match~pf three cushion billiards will be played by separate teams; The matches will be continued Sunday morning at ten o’clock in the morning if necessary. V In addition to the scheduled matches, Charles C. Peterson, the “father” of Intercollegiate Billiards, will be present and may favor the spectators with one of his miraculous exhibitions of fancy shots.
Archery Victors Will Participate In Meet ' : The eight best archers, chosen from the co-ed tournament which is now being playedj will represent the University in the national telegraphic meet which will begin May 20. Scores from teams over the entire country will be sent to national headquarters in Boston, Mass. Winners yesterday in the second section of this tourney were: Douglas, Ward 1, who defeated Boehm, Ward 2, by a scores of 96 to 84; Holtman, W. R. H., with 231 points against Brown, Alpha Xi, with 111 points. Ward 3 forfeited to W. R; H., and the Alpha Chi archers to the Theta’s.
Typewriters, Adding Machines— For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Paper Towels—For the bathroom, phone 7828, Lafayette Printing Co.
Chanaberlin’s Special For This Week—^Black Walnut and Vanilla. Order it—^it’s delicious.
Lost—Rosenbach and Whitman “College Algebra’! on State Street hiiinr leyee, 6639;^^^^
Cheiiiisfery .Examgr—jfixanis for removal of C gradOs in dhemiatry 1 or 2 will be given Saturday, May 2nd, 1-4 p. m., fOoni 106, CHemirtry Building. Unless special ari’angeinenls dre inade, only people ■Svho had the poufses Under F. J. Allen will be examined at the time and place noted above. Application for the exani should be made at room 210 Ghemietry Building before May 2. The next regular opportuhity , for removing G grades 'will be early in September. .. : - : .'/^-ALLEN.' '
Engineering Students—The school of civil engineering will appreciate the return of 'the missing parts of Ihe aluminum niodel of the Boulder Dani now on exhibit in the lobby of the Civil Engineering Building.; This-is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamntion service. —HATT.
W. A. A. Archery—The following games will be played today at 4 :"Ward 1 vs. Kappa Alpha Theta, Ward 2 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma, Ward 3 vs. Alpha Xi Delta, Chi'Omega vs. Women’s Residence Hall. —BOEHM,.^ Wesley Foundation—Trip to Battle Ground at 6 today. Rain or shine. -^McFADDEN.
Union Workers—Will the members of iihe following committees meet in the sub-base-ment at 4: Pugh, Clark, Ohaver, Jump. Shoemaker, Scholer, Quiggle. —FUIiLER.
Union Workers—Will the members of !tlhe following committees meet in the Student Union office today at 4: Anspach, Grimm, and Kuehn. —FULLER. .
Students—^Any men interested in working report to Ohaver at 1 today. —FULLER.
deac
HAS EVERYTHING
for a
COLLEGE
He 6e REISNER
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Eearn tfie Late '{Dances By Enrolling ih: Our Adult Advanced Class Tonight, 7 :00 p. m. Beginner’s May Enroll Sat., May 2, 7 :00 P- m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
FRIDAY and SATURDAY .. Peter B. Kyne’s story “Fighting Coward” . ' arid-. ERIC VON S-rROHEIM in “Grime of Dr,. Grespi” also “Custer’s Last Stand”
{PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-{Pyke-Werkhoff Company, Phone 3882 '
The thinking fellow eslls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO,
4
PHOTOS Eniiargoimnts 2Sc
illlir’s iaiiil
? VERY ONCE IN AWHILE a new development blasts tradition .,. and everybody benefits. Devoe scientists have produced a new house-paint that outlasts conventional paints 2t61. Your money goes twice as far. I want to take just a mo-“ Eoent to show you how to save
up to $76 a year.;. depending upon the size of your home. No down payment. The cost pf labor and material is spread over 1 to 3 years... amounting to as little as $5.76 per month for the average home.
BE
iiiSE
Chi O Nine Dejf eats Ward 3,16-14 Pounding their way to victory with four home runs, the Chi Omega’s defeated Ward 3, 16 to 14, in the co-ed intramural baseball game played yesterday afternoon. Arnold, Smith, Burkle and Thompson were outstanding players for the winning nine, each having one home run to her credit. Among the foremost players for Ward 3 were K. Dunwoody, with two home runs, and Senour. After the teams in League I finish their competition, the winner will play Ward 2, the victor of League II, At present the Kappa’s are leading the other League I teams.
TODAY - SATURDAY 2 Big Features imiBI
Plus LEW AYRES in “Panic on the Air”
The New Two°€mt System
JOHN SPERB, Hardware
822-24 Main
We Deliver
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE rfs % DON'T GIT with “PINKY” TOMLIN
ypmiG TOME
Based on the play “The Unguarded Hour” by Ladislaus Fodor. English adaptation by Bernard Merivale.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT-\
iifi
^ Xl .rtt
* 1
|l|5p55||
Hoslei*, L U. Pitcher, Hits Two Homers Boilermakers Held Scoreless In First Tliree Frames Led by Babe Hosier, the Cream and Crimson flowed over the local Boilermakers at Bloomington yesterday evening with a score of 12 to 6 to win their third consecutive Big Ten game in the race for recognition. Hosier, who pitched for Indiana, held the Boilermakers to eight hits and did the unusual by knocking out two homers and a single for the hldomin^ott $(iaad. Burdue^^ for the' flrstthree inhitt^s arid thien^anaged to get a run in the fourth and another in the fifth; !Tw6: runs Wei?e ehalked up for the locals iu the se;y>enth and <me in! the ei^th^ inaking the total of five runs.*Indiana scored otie run in-each of the first and thifd* innings and were held scoreless in the fourth but came back with a inerry-go-round act in the fifth and scored six runs. In the next inning they scored threefuns and after being held down in the seventh, came back to score one more run in the
ei^th.
Rosser pitched for Purdue and he was backed up behind the bat by Martin and later Malaska; who has been doing most of the catching for the Boilermakers is still suffering ffom a stone brUise that he incur-
red in a former game. ,
R H E
Purdue .. .000 IIQ 210— 5 8 4 Indiana....,.....101 063 Olx—12 16
^ 4- '4" 4^ 4freshman tennis f 4-4''44'4-4'4-4-4-4‘
Today, 5 o*clock.
T. K. Bickinson vs. J. P. Taylor. P. W. Winter vs. Alan Johnson. T. M. Dakin vs. H. Zweig. G. Craig vs. W. Kozma. P. A. Danner vs. L. Pink^stein. P, J. George vs. M. D. Stepath.
Chasteen Critically Dl Casey Chasteen, Exponent associate editor, remained in a critical condition last night. No noticeable change had taken place during the day.
4- 4 4 4- 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRATERNITY' DOUBLES 4 4 4 4 4: 4 4^4 4 4 4 Today, 5 o’clock Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Phi Kappa vs. Delta Tau Delta. Phi Kappa Sii^a vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
WARD MANAGERS
Ward managers are requested to turn in their entry blanks to the intramural office by 4 o’clock today for the ward track meet which will be held Monday evening.
Wisconsin Scores In Second Half On Long Run, Passes After fighting for one half of their game on a muddy field last Tuesday, the f Wisconsin’’ and “Piirr due’’ divisions (ff lfie Bc^ football squad managed tq finish their game yesterday afternoon in just the opposite kind of weather, The first half of the game last Tuesday ended in a scdreless tie, but yesf terday afternppn the WiscPnsin squad managed to roll pver the Purdue diyision tp a victory Pf 21 tb 6. In the third quarter pf the game, Gody Isbeil, playing fpr Wisconsin, intercepted a Purdue pass on the Purdue 20 yard line and romped over the stripe for the first counter of the encounter . . In the last quarter Wisconsin used a pass play with Decker back and Medley on the receiving end to make a total score of 21 to 0. ,
Frosh Gridders Will Meet ^ophomore-Jfunior Team; Trackmen Face Chicago Stars At 2 o’clock tomorrow afternoon the Freshmei_ against a Sophomore-Junior combination in a football game that will compose the first half of a novel athletic double header
in the Ross-Ade Stadium.
The las;t half of the afternoon’s sport program will be pro-
vided by what is expected to
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRATERNITY TENNIS SINGLES 4- . >: ,f. ,,f 4 Today, 4:15 o’clock Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Delta Upsilpn vs. Beta Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. Sigma Pi vs. Theta Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Epsilon ;,-Phi.',: . Pi Kappa Phi ys. Lambda Chi Alpha. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi.-; Kappa Sigma vs. Triangle.
■be a keenly contested Big Ten dual track meet betweien Purdue and Chicago starting at 4 o’clock. The known strength of the two opposing gridiron teams, as shown by the performances of the individuals in the spring series, gives promise of providing another nip and tuck tussle such as waS.staged last spring when the yearlings provided an upset by defeating their elders in a; sensational battle, 7 to 6. While pre-game opinion would favor the $ophomore-JUnior combination on the basis of experience, the fight and weight bf the yearlings, coupled with last year’s surprise result, has had a tendency to keep the veterans frbm "talking too loudly about yictpry possibilities. Track Meet The track meet, which will provide the after-piece of the afternoon’s double bill, will find the Maroons favored for victory largely due to the brilliance of Ray Ellinwood, world record holder in the quartermile dash indoors, and Jay Berwanger, versatile all-around athlete. Both Ellinwood and Berwanger are outstanding candidates for the U. S. Olympic team. PurdUe hopes to counter with its strength in the middle distance and distance rUns, where Co-captain Glendenning, Janosy and Goory will make strong bids for points.
Track action will be launched promptly at 4 o’clock with the onemile run as the first event. The complete list of entries; by events, follows: qbie ivauife^-rPurfliiq:' Sin^j Ypiine. Ghi; cago: Abel, Ballinger, Steele, ; ; ;Shof ; But; Weiater. CHicago: Berwanger, LaBellei Wil-
n.
High jwnip'r-Purdue: Williamson, Xieinen. ,Chicago ::Giram,“kdtaK,.Mey.i ; javelin thrbwi—Ptlrdue i Stewart. GhicagO: Berwanger,: Abel; Ely,.. Beal, j : . Disbus throw^-^Piorduev 'Gitaht, Graham^ .Beed, Bunneister;- Ghicajgb: Berwanger, liar. Belle,.,,yniaoiii;: Brpad jumpVr-Pu; StewOTt; BeLong,Lemeh. GhicagO’ Johnstone, :;Kobah,; Beal, B^wariger.,.;-.. ; x.X'-: One mile run^Purdilie: . Glendenning, Goory,; Janos. Chicago : Wasem, Webster.' 440 yard dash^Purdue; Bluemel, Fifield, Lemen, Chicago: Ellinwood, Halcrow, JohhstonO.', Ido yard dash—Purdue:: Vaughn-Gatt, Detong. HOkanson. Chicago: Berwanger, Arcleipley, Krause. ; Half-mile run---Purdue: Glendenning, Terhunei Bluemel. Chicago: Ellinwood, Web^r, Wasem. 220 yard dash-r-Purdue : Vaughn-Oatt; ;DeLorig, Hokanson. Chicago: Krause, Berwanger, Arclelpley, Halcrow. Two mile run—Purdue: Goory, Janos. ChiOagO: Smith, Leach, Collins., ■ 220 yard low hurdles—Purdue: Lemeh, Shideler,, Schilling. Chicago: Beal, Newman, Handy.
:WARD HORSESHOES.
The first round of ward horseshoes was played off last night but any unorga,nized man intereste.d can still sign Up in the intramural office and play tonight at the pits located just east of the Armory. Finals will be played off next Tuesday night; KNEPPLB.
Dr, Harding Will Address Indianapolis Rdtary Clnb Dr. C. Francis Harding^ head of the school of electrical engineering and president of the Lafayette Rotary club,’ addressed the: regular meeting of the Indianapolis Rotary club this week upon the subject of television . He extended an inyitatiorl to the club to come to the annual conference at the Univerrity on May 12th and 13th. A special train is being chartered for the Indianapolis delegation.
Railway Express can handle laundry packages for you very easily and economically! Simply notify the folks that you are shipping your laundry by Railway Express and ask them to return it the same way. If you wish, you can ship “collect.” It saves time and detail, and loose changej Railway Express is fast and dependable and can he relied upon to get your laundry back as fresh and in as good condition as when it left home. So think the idea over and telephone Railway Express. Our motor truck will pick UP the package at your door at no extra charge. For service or information tdephone 9 So. Second St. Phone2025 Lafayette, Ind.
CAmme
RAIEXPRE S S ■ AciENcV''Inc.' N A110 N -W1 D E R AiL -AIR S E R V 1C E
AS SEEN IN ESQUIRE
TAILORED BY WILSON BROTHERS • Ag shown in Esquire -— this new Skipper with Continental ^tripes. Collar closes with cord loop fastener. Visit our sportwear section and see the many new Skipper ideas as low as ’
AH colors imd styles
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
I’m going to have a good ^ time. And that means noi riding worries. Step into a smartlooking Ford V-8 Yellow and be driven ri^t to the door of the Union. And after the Prom, in the early hours the morning, a dependable Yellow will be waiting at the west en- '■ trance..
PhoneI'i
fK
W,:<
Comment; Date D^ta And patter it is! If by any chance you don’t believe some of the following patter, go to Prom and see for yourself— that is if you can still see.... Many of the co-eds will dig far back into their clothes closets tonight for the dresses that they bought especially for the big event,... Virginia Sullivan, the southern belle from Virginia, will don a novel blue and white
Maty Tangterman has proittisM “Grandpaw” Bublitz that shj^Hliave her nfew dress finish^ in time far the S. P. E. dinner tonight.... As a hint to Jim Sewai^. Betty wear a gown or orchid organdy, and now just what kind of flo^yerS tyould go host with orchid organdy ? . . . The fetciung name (M the material used in Evelyn Kellehborger’S dri^s is “tiger-rlily chitfon’*. . . . Another gown of unnsual material will be worn by Jean Pigman^ It is made of
“blue soda crepe’^
Bully for the follomng co-eds: Charlotte Epple, Virginia Hawkins, Bosemary Hoefer, Mary Luxton, Ellen Mann, Aline Marshall and Lillian Peterson! They’re importing dates, but unlike the eds, their reason is love. . . . Prom Committee Grimm and Trees are really going to swing it tonight regardless of the fact that Charley is still grieving over that loSs of one hundred and
fifty-five dollars.
One doesn’t see much of the lov-
ers, Dottie Eider and Kappa Sig Bennett, anymore, but they promise to show up at least for a few minutes tonight. . . . Alice Parlon refuses to divulge the name of her
escort—lucky boy! ... Remembering the gorgeous dress worn by Marge Poor at Peggy Hiner’s wed-;
ding, we know that Marge will look lovely tonight. Hm- accessories will be a gold belt and Hank Hernly.... Organdie seems to be a favorite.
Marjorie Eldridge, who so recently
took Red Lambert’s pin, will wear navy blue organdie over a printed slip. . . . “Lefty” Martin, chairman of the big affair, is importing a mighty sweet little gal to lead the , promenade.., . We don’t know, but we think we know who John (BeechNut) Drake is taking. She’s dark, slender, and very pretty—much too
pretty ! No, she isn’t a co-ed. Although he has been talking
southern gal, Johnny Jooreftz plans to show Mary Daley a very ultragood time tonight.... S. A. E. Stram is importing his lady-friend from Chicago. (Strange lu^ many imports always seem to be coming from Chicago). . . ; We don’t know who you’re taking Ches Marshall, but if she’s half as street as your last I^om date, she’ll be mighty fine By the way, don’t yog owe her a letter? ... He once made a statement that he wouldn’t date Purdue co-eds, but Ed Lynch is going to contradict thatstatemient. For the benefit of the Pi Kappa Phi brothers—^ean Meilke is coming to dinner tonight. Guess With whom. ... Speaking of Pi Kappa Phis—Brother Thompson just could not wait until tonight. He put his pin out Wednesday.... In the event that Frankie Ford is well enough, and that she hasn’t given Harry what she had, they’ll put in an appearance tonight,.-.. “Kentucky” or otherwise known as Mary Eliaabeth Wyiui, of last year’s Bold and Black fame, will be escorted by A1 Sachs in a many ruffled, blue net dress— don’t misunderstand, Mary is wearing the dress. Chi O Nilson has a date with none other than “Sugar Plum” Jones, the Phi Delt. You know—^the nice one. .. . Kathryn, now you can tell “Tenms Star” Nikolich about the pretty ring you have at home. He won’t break the date. ... Cue and Mitch will be among the Promenaders. We thought George was a senior at the Prom last year—oh, well.... “Bun ny Hug” Robertson (or what was that name on that post-card?) is escorting Jane Russell again. And to those who prefer to go to the “Derby”—have a good time. (We said “good”.) ... We could tell you much more, but we want to enjoy the Prom too, so we’re quitting
I "i ^
■•.V
BS
about buying a ring for a certain' right now.
Prom
Sub-Basenient Labor Causes Prom Beauty As we dance to the melodious strains of the orchestra famed throughout the nation; as we step on and are stepped on by the feet of other Promenaders; as we push, shove, and elbow our way through the crowd gathered around the noted orchestra leader, Benny Goodman; and as we take in the beauty and novelty of the decorations of the ballroom, we give no thought to the hours of work done by members of the Student Union staffs, who have made all of this possible. ’ There is more to Prom than soft lights and music and flower-like formals; There is a picture which could be entitled “Life in the SubBasement” or “Workers Underground”. However, no matter what the picture is called, it is ever existent, whether the workers are preparing for Prom, Military Ball, or the least-advertised mixer. Miniature Factory The sub-basement, after 4 o’clock on most afternoons, is like a miniature factory. People dash about looking for scissors, of which there is never a plentiful supply, paste, saws, nails, hammers, paint, paper —in fact, everything which is needed in the construction of dance dec-
orations.
One of the most amazing features of this work is the cooperation shown. The vice president in charge of a particular phase of the work directs the procedure, and all of the freshmen and sophomores present jump in and work together to get the project finished with a minimum of time and effort. However, in preparation for Proin, there was one instance of too much cooperation As a bevy of co-eds flocked into the sub-basement at the order of a vice president, they all decided to paint the stairway of the background at the same time. Several started at the top and worked down, and several started at the bottom and worked up. Pandemonium ensued. Those who had started at the top were trapped on the central stair, with paint above and below, and no doubt on, with no means of escape but to jump several feet at the risk of broken heel (shoe heel). . Even seamstresses were called into the service \to sew together strips of muslin, which two sopho more men, with bored expressions, had cut into strips. The whole decorative scheme was based upon perfect model, about a foot high with everything exactly as it was to be in the ballroom, even to the bandstands.
Ijitroducmg The Juriror Prom Queen At 11:30 this evening, a small girl with dark hair and flashing blue eyes will enter the halifoom bn the arm of O, W. “Lefty” Martin. She is Mary Hunt, the University’s Prom queen for the class of 1937. Miss Hunt is a sophomore at Indiana State Teacher’s College' and lives near Franklin. A private interview with “Lefty” reveals that her five feet and two inches of irresist ible modesty and charming personality will be clothed in white (that’s all he can remember about her costume). His memory improves when h^is questioned about the length of their acquaintance. They have been dating since their freshman year in
high school.
Of Prom Leaders?
Plrathon
PirathoH announces the pledging of the following men: P. G. Louderback, Winchesterj Va.; G. L. Hutton,
Zionsville.
By Doris Ettefi McCartnoy ' What does the future hbld fbr prom chairman and how has Lady Luck treated those of former years 1 Suppose we look into the flies and see just what has befallen Various chairmen and theh^ co-ed assistants. Kappa Eileen McEWan, co-ed of last year’s committee, is now Mrs. Joe Binford, living in New Albany, Indiana, while Chairman Tom Gould is still around, giving the University a break. Of 1934 prom fame, David (Beta) McQueen is with Ross, Harrison, and Cettlehut Company, a Lafayette chemical plant making Rostone. Theta Mary Esther Converse, who worked with McQueen is on the Selling staff at Wasson’s in connection with her work as a clothing and textile major.
Married
Eick Moss, Phi Psi flash of the ’33 committee, now married, is located in Richmond with the Automotive Gear Works. The co-ed member of that year has also been lead to the altar—^Phi Phi Hope Can Sciever is now Mrs. “Humpy” (Campbell, of Louisville, Ky. Sig Ep John Winget, chairman of 1982 committee is in the sales pror motion department of the American Rolling Mills, Middletown, Ohio. Marian Smith, his Alpha Xi assistant, teaches in G^ry, Bill ]^cimiohd, Lambda Chi, is a npanager with a paiht concern in Richmond; Indiana vrhile H Phi Charlene Ydrk is Mrs. Carl Noble, Chicagp. From the D. U. house, Johnny Snead led the 1930 group in charge of prom arrangements. Johnnyj, now married, is general maUager df P. j. Holmes Building Company ih Cleveland. Flo irelan, Chi 0, who worked with him, teaches in Bumettsville. From the 1929 files we find Dutch Lawler, Lambda Chi, along witli Pi Phi Jean Simpkins, served on the committee. Dutch is now associate editor of “Food Industries”, a publication of McGraw Hill Company, Jean couldn’t resist Dan Cupid and is now known as Mrs. Howard Prewitt, whose husband is an aeronautic engineer with the Eillitt Auto-* gyro Corporation of Philadelphia. And so goes the story of careers, business successes, marriage. To the 1936 committee the best of
luck!
the first Prom to be held in the then '' new Memorial Gymnasium. Johnnie Hand's orchestra from Chicago futr ' ' ttished eleven pieces for the huge price of 86 dollars. “It was as good an orchestra "as ever I’ve danced to,” said W. A. , Hanley, ’ll,^ chairman of the dance. An up-and-coming committee was this one under Mr. Hanley’s direction—for the first time in history automobiles “were used to convey guests.” Formerly, funeral cabs from Lafayette’s limited supply had deposited the guests at the function between the -hours of 9 and 12 o’clock. So that guests might arrive early (8:30 to 9:00) and enjoy themselves a longer time and still get home at a reasonable hour,(4:30 in the morning), the committee contacted the Lafayette automobile dealers. Since it was the quaint custom of car dealers to make their vehicles safe by traveling one thousand or fifteen*hundred miles before a sale, they were only too glad to sign a contract. Said contract bound the committee to pay each automobile company one dollar for the delivering and taking home of one
couple.
Sharp Contrast In sharp contrast to the present event, the committee of IfilO Was anxious to sell the tickett tt ahybne yidio i^uld pay fi^ye dollars With 126 couples attending the dances, the committee had 600 dollars to; cover expenses. ThefeatureWhichcausedthecoinmittee to go m debt whs the inefficiency of the member in' charge of food. 1^0 cuteress xras^^^^OT^ prepare food for 2p0 COUpIes, yyith only 120 couples attending, the coxUmittee went in debt about 70 dollars.
Dr. J. C, Arthur, professor emeri--tus of botany of the University agricultural experiment station, is expected hpme from a several month’s sojourn in California. While in San Francisco, Dr. Arthur addressed meetings of the Big Teh dub of that city and of the Tovm club. He also spoke on science before a group in the San Quentin prison.
-'<11
Pari-HeHenic Councn Changes RmsH Rules Sorority rushing rules were Changed somewhat at a meeting of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Gouhcil yesterday at 4 in the women’s lounge. A dating bureau, to he stationed in the Women’s Residence Hall for the benefit of freshxnen women, was also discussed. The next meeting of the council will be presided over by Sally Sch^af, new president.
A LOVELY
o
FOR A LOVELY LADY
Flowers that always give the impression you want to create . . . .
635 Main St, tuna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
•' J\