I*
SDX Closes Ticket Sale
Today At 5
Tomorrow at 5 p. m. is the deadline for payment of Gridiron Banquet fees, according to Sigma Delta Chi officials, sponsors of the traditional affair. Money for the ducats may either be brought to the west lobby desk of the Union Building or sent to the Exponent office.
Among the nominations for spequet fees, according to Sigma Delcial awards to be presented at the banquet are: Brown Derby Award (student who gets by with the least amount of effort): Mary Ed Johnston, Dave Miller, Don Martin, and the girl in the browsing room.
For the Lily Award (student with the most social accomplishments): Red Buckles, Benny Hufford, and Dave Meacham.
For Gold Derby Award (faculty member who loafs most on the job) Sergeant Purchla, Dean H. E. Enders. Exponent ‘Best Teachers’, and Prof. I. Walerstein.
Serious awards which will be presented at the banquet are the Leather Medal, for the staff member who has contributed most to the good of the University; and the new Best Teacher Medallion, to the instructor or professor who is best of the Exponent’s “good teachers.”
High Schoels Will
View Purdue Campus
During Open Heuse
To provide high school students an opportunity to see Purdue eds and co-eds in action, the University has designated Friday, April 29, as High School Day with an open house program arranged for visiting groups.
Registration will start at 8 a. m. in Michael Golden Shops. Demonstrations in the shops will occupy the remainder of the morning. At 1 p. m. electrical engineering students will exhibit a telsa coil in the Electrical Engineering Building lecture room.
During the afteimoon and evening, the buildings of the University will be open for inspection.
Halt, Harding To Altend Dedication
Dr. W. K. Hatt, i-ecent head of the school of civil engineering, and Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, went to Urbana, 111., yesterday to attend the dedicatoi-y program of the new testing materials laboratory at the University of Illinois. The pair were participants at a dinner last night which honored Prof. A. M. Talbott, head of the laboratory. Dr. Hatt represented the University. Dr. Harding’s visit was sponsored by the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, of which he is national vice-president. He will remain over the week-end to attend the mid-west student meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers.
Creamery Official To Discuss'Finding A job'
^itdcT Club • • •
f Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY April 22, 1938 Lafoyetfe, Indiana VOL 49 No. 160
Juniors Promenade Tonight
Frederic's Band To Preside Over Post-Prom Mixer
Coming here from a recent New York engagement, Marvin Frederic and his orchestra will play for the annual post-Prom mixer in the Union ballroom tomorrow night. Students may dance in near-Prom atmosphere for the regular mixer admission price of one dollar. “Ivory Tickler”
Frederic’s specialty is the piano and he brings with him three male singers and dark-eyed Hazel Bruce, soloist, known for her southern accent.
Frederic’s orchestra had its origin at the University of Michigan. Early non-collegiate engagements include the Detroit Yacht Club and leading debutante balls. Later the band was signed for an extended run at the Book Cadillac Hotel in Detroit and the Commodore Perry Hotel in Toledo.
Plays in South October through February this year found the band playing engagements throughout the south. Of late Frederic’s orchestra has been in New York.
Radio engagements include regular coast-to-coast NBC broadcasts as well as varied appearances in local stations throughout the entire country.
Debris Slated To
Appear May 14; 14 Extras Printed
The 1938 Debris will be ready for distribution about May 14, Editor Ehinger stated last night. Due to the fact that printing is taking twice as long as anticipated, it is necessary to mops' the date of release fqjrw^rd?
Only 14 books in excess of the number ordered will be printed. Thus a very limited number will be available to late comers, expecting to get books without ordering them. A total of 2,500 books is being printed.
Opera Group To Present 'Carmen'At FinaSConvo
As the final convocation of the school year, the popular opera, “Carmen,” will be presented by the San Carlo Opera Company Monday, at the Jefferson high school gymnasium.
The company appearing at Purdue, under the direction of Fortune Gallo, is on its way to New York City to inaugurate grand opera at Radio City.
H. S. Horneman, president and general manager of the Sugar Creek Creamery Company, will speak to seniors at 4 p. m. Tuesday afternoon, in room 101 of the Education Building on “Finding a Job.” Horneman recently spoke to agricultural seniors and related his own experiences in rising to an important position in agriculture and dairy manufacturing affairs. The University placement committee is sponsoring Horneman’s talk.
In addition to the world renowned impresario. Fortune Gallo, the 'San Carlo company will have as conductor, the ‘maestro of flaming spirit,’ Carlo Peroni. Born and educated in Rome, he is now a patriotic American citizen. One of his most remarkable features is his ability to conduct any one of 21 operas in the company’s repertoire without a score.
Forester To Present
Illustrated Lecture
announces rche election of the olio wing officers: Webb Moore, lushville, pr^ident; Bob Buell, )maha, Nebyvice-president; Leon,rd Haupr^, Gary, treasurer; and ’aul Jarrett, Indianapolis, secreary.
Post-Prom Leader
Hulse And Sasser Will Lead March; Passports Required For Admission
Exponent To Publish Souvenir Prom Edition
Prom goers may obtain prom souvenir Exponents at 12:30 tonight at the Union desk. Editor R. P. Manion said last night.
Pictures of the Prom Queen, special pictures, and gossip will make up the edition which will be approximately the same size as the Exposer of the Boilermaker’s Brawl.
Marvin Frederic
Small Audience
Speech Clinic Heeds To Speak At Conclave
Sees Last Higlif's
Play Productien
Dr. M. D. Steer, Purdue speech clinic director, and clinic staff members will attend the thirteenth annual meeting of the Midwestern Psychological Association at the University of Wisconsin, today and tomorrow. Among those scheduled to report on research problems are Dr. Harriett O’Shea, of the home economics department and Prof. E. K. Jerome, Miss Mildred Templin, Dr. M. D. Steer, and Prof. James Maddox of the speech clinic. The University Speech Clinic will be host to the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Speech Correction Association, Saturday, April 30.
A map and instrument filled wall, desks and papers looking important, and simulated ship to ground radio calls formed the background for a smooth running performance of “Ceiling Zero” in Fowler Hall last night. A small but appreciative aujdience entered into the spirit of the play and especially appreciated the clever, humorous lines. Fine perfoi’mances were turned in by Bob Heine as superintendent Eastern division of a mythical Federated Air Lines, and Robert Hettema as Tex Clark from the wide open spaces, pilot. Victor Somogyi turned in a good characterization.
Commiflae Changes
Airport Daiico Plans
Miss Rachel Schenk . . .
... of the University Library will lecture on the San Carlo Opera in the regular Sunday afternoon music room program Sunday at 4 p. m. Personalities connected with the opera company will be discussed and the program will serve as an introduction to the Monday, April 25, convocation featuring the San Carlo Opera Company Miss Schenk said last night. The opera “Carmen” will be given by the opera company.
Due to a suggestion by M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men, a slight change is being made in the plans for the Airport Dance to be given Friday, May 13, by the University Glider and Flying Clubs. The dance is primarily for students, according to the committee in charge, but students who wish '*to bring out-of-town guests may do so by applying to the committee for special permits. These permits will serve the same purpose as the student’s passports, and will have to be shown with the ticket for admittance to the affair.
Board Of Trustees Approves Numlier Of Faculty Promotions At Quarterly Meeting
Promotions in' the faculty for the coming year of ’38-’39 as approved at the quarterly meeting of the University board of trustees Wednesday are as follows:
C. L. Morgan, education and applied psychology.
From assistant to instructor: T. J. Herrick and J. C. Osborn, applied mechanics; Ruth Austin and Margaret E. Beeman, home economics; Vivian A. Johnson, physics; Ida B. Kelley, education and applied psychology.
Forest guard and Public Relations Specialist Dr. H. N. Wheeler, chief lecturer of the U. S. Forest Sei’vice, is scheduled to deliver an illustrated lecture on “Forestry and Conservation” next Wednesday evening at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall.
From instructor to assistant professor: E. L. Butz, V. C. Freeman and J. T. Frost, agriculture; C. W. Caldwell, electrical engineering; Philena F, Palmer, home economics; William Bi’aswell, English; S. E. Hartsell, bacteriology; C. L. Heyerdahl, economics; J. F. Carlson and C. K. Stedman, physics; W. P. Fehring, ifhysical education for men; Marion Russell, physical education for women.
The DuPage chapter of the Izaak Walton League commended Dr. Wheeler’s lecture: “. . . we doubt if any other commanded more interest than Dr. Wheeler. His pictures were superb and he had a masterful story to go with each slide . . .”
From assistant to associate professor: H. 0. Deay, J. H. Lefforge and George E. Spencer, in agriculture; G. A. Hawkins and C. L. Lovell, in engineering; E. F. Degering and F. D. Martin'in chemistry; W. A. Hiestand, physiology; J. M. James and 1. Walerstein, physics;
same purpose.
WBAA Plans To Carry Broadcast Of Prom Activities Direct From Union Ballroom
Prom is here! Six hundred couples will dance tonight to the combined music of Buddy Rogers’ and Charlie Agnew^s orchestras as the 1938 Junior Promenade brings to the campus the height of the University’s social activities. At 12:30 o’clock Prom Queen Virginia Hulse and Committee Chairman Robert Sasser will lead the Grand March around the ballroom.
Committee members emphasize the fact that all Prom tickets MUST be accompanied by the PASSPORT of the person whose signature appears on the ticket.
Roger’s band will play in the ballroom of the Union Building behind a low white picket fence and a “garden” of pink, blue, and white flowers. Modernistic blue letters on a pink background will label the room “Promenade Club,” while the silhouette of a nude girl will be the only decoration on the indirectly lighted backdrop.
Plans are underway for University radio station, WBAA, to broadcast two hours of Prom music, from one till three o’clock tomorrow morning. The station will present, in alternate 30 minute programs, the music of Buddy Rogers and Charles Agnew. According to Hank Miller, who, with Dick Shively, will announce the two hour program, six radio stations occupying the same frequency must agree to WBAA’s request to use the channel. Three stations have already approved the request, and Charles Agnew has given his consent to furnish the airlanes with music. Rogers has not been contacted, and three station’s have not replied to WBAA’s letters.
According to E. C. Scholer, designer, the decorations are a study in color, tending to give an atmosphere of youth and spring. In the cafeteria, where Charlie Agnew and his orchestra will play, the color scheme will be the same as the ballroom. The room will be decorated with crepe paper and balloons.
As the dance will last from 10 p. m. till 4 a. m., co-eds have been granted 5 o’clock hours by WSGA. However, if breakfast is served at the co-ed’s house, the escort may remain until 6, according to the WSGA ruling. As noon yesterday was the last that tickets may be returned, no more refunds will be passed out. At the latest report from Cashier Hollensbe only 65 prom tickets remained in his office. No deadline has been set for obtaining tickets, but last night Committee Chairman Sasser said, truthfully, “Those who hope to attend should obtain their tickets by tomorrow.” Prom programs are still available at the Union check room. Booths Assigned ——- ' .n
Made Professors From associate professor to professor: E. H. Parfitt, dairy bacteriology; R. W. Lindley, engineering shop practice; Amy 1. Bloye and Amy L. Howe, home economics; C. J. Klemme, pharmacy; R. A. Cordell, English; J. T. Fotos, modern languages; A. H. Monroe, speech; R. G. Thomas, history, economics and government; R. J. Greenly, education and applied psychology. R. H. George, engineering experiment station, from assistant to associate professor; G. B. Cummins, assistant professor in botany and R. H. Wileman, assistant professor of agriculture engineering, both on the agricultural experiment station staff. Leaves of absence were granted D. O. Bowman of the history, economics and government staff for another year to complete work for his doctorate degree at the University of Michigan, and G. F. Mai’shall of the entomology staff was granted six months leave of absence for the
Groups have been chosen and assigned booths in the Union Building. Fred Baase, pi-om committeeman in charge of the preparations last night announced the following booth positions: booths 1 and 2— faculty; booth 3—Sigma Chi, Beta Theta Pi, Phi Gamma Delta; booth 4 and 5—Phi Kappa Psi, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Delta Upsilon; 6—Cary Club; 7—Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Pi, Theta Xi; 8 and 9—PI A; 10 and 11—Pi Kappa Phi, Alpha Gamma Rho, Sigma Nu, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Triangle. Booth 12—Theta Chi, Lambda Chi, Acacia; 13—Sigma Alpha Mu, Tau Epsilon Phi; 14—Phi Kappa, Phi Delta Theta, Kappa Delta Rho; 15—Delta ‘Tau Delta, Phi Kappa Tau, and Pi Kappa Alpha. Booth Arrangements Booths from number 1 through 5 are located in main lounge of the Union; booths numbering from 6 through 11 are located in the men’s lounge; and the remaining booths are in the faculty lounge. Committeeman Fi’ed Baase said last night, “Frateimities leaving furniture in the booths are requested to put in adhesive tape, the names of their houses. The tape must be placed on the bottom of the articles moved to the Union today.”
PIA Men To Attend National Meeting
Leaving yesterday morning to attend the National Ind^endent meeting at the University of Oklahoma were Bob Schlundt, PIA president, Jerry Hinshaw, Bob Bowman, Robert Maby, and Dave Meacham, former editor of the Independent. The president of the Butler Independent Association wiU accompany thqse men who are representing Purdue at the first conclave of indeptendent representatives at Norman, Okla., today and tomorrow.
The program will include discussions on national organization, and the introduction of an organization program that will appeal to both men and women. A pioneer dance in the typical trappings of old Oklahoma^ a party for non-dancers, a frontier rodeo tomorrow, and other stunts will constitute entertainment for the convocation.
Pmdue University heads the list of universities already registered for the conference.
Roger Williams Club Gives
Cattle Feeders Meet
Several hundred Hoosier farmers arCj expected to attend the sprin gmeeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ association at the University today. Brother Leo, manager of Notre Dame’s 900 aci'e farm, will be the principal speaker of the afternoon. During the morning, the visiting feedex's will inspect cattle on feed.
Hard Times Parly Tonight
The Roger Williams Club will hold a Hard Times party at 7:46 tonight in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Prizes will be given for the best costumes and the program will include folk dancing. All students are invited l;o attend and admission is only five cents.1
iipp
^diitfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dfjumtL.
Friday, April 22, 1938
The Editor Says-
Tonight...
... is the occasion of the most important social event of Purdue’s school year. University Juniors will realize an ambition for which they have waited since their orientation days, almost three years ago. What is it that makes this occasion so much more significant than others? ‘ Is it the volume of publicity that has been given to the dance? No, the reams that have been written do not themselves add anything; they simply testify to the consequence of Prom. Is it the fact that many of the fellows and girls are going to great trouble and expenses to “import” their “true loves” for the dance ? No, this, too, is but a tribute to the prominence of Prom. Is it the fact that new tuxes, tails, new spring dresses, new coiffures, new flowers will be seen in abundance? Is it because the week-end of Prom has more or less been set aside for celebration? Is it because money will flow freely the next few days? No, these are not reasons, but results. They do not explain why Prom is of so much moment; they simply argue that it is. Prom’s importance is not something that was built up in a day; it has taken 34 years for Prom to achieve its present position at Purdue. True, Prom has always been a big event, but with the passing of the years it has risen in the estimation of Purdue students. With the fine work of this year’s committee and the success the dance is sure to enjoy tonight, more tradition has been added to Prom to make it even more important next year. —J. E. B.
All-Campus Bowling Starts April 28 An all-campus singles bowling tournament for eds and co-eds will stait Thursday, April 28, in the Union alleys. Separate tourneys for eds and co-eds will be run off on the basis of three game matches, the contestant downing the greatest number of pins winning the match. Entiies may be made in the Union bowling alleys, and all entries will close April 27. Bowlers must pay the reguldr bowling fee, there being no other charge. Prizes will consist of a key to the winner, and three fiee games to the runner-up. Fraternity Horseshoe Meet Opens Next Week Competition in the inteifraternity horseshoe doubles tournament will get underway next Tuesday and Thursday at the horseshoe courts noith of the Fieldhouse. Each team will play four opponents and the eight teams with the highest pel centage of wins in the four-game schedule will play off the cham-
pionship. Competing teams will receive 26 participation points for entering, while the winner will receive five additional points and the runner-up three. The winner will also be given a house trophy and individual medals for the team. Alpha Tau Omega... . . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Eugene Flatei, Bloomfield, president; John Kessel, Indianapolis, chaplain; Robert Burkholder, Indianapolis, scribe; William Punnell, Flandreau, S. D., coresponding secretary; Don Prush, Gary, treasurer; Don Williams, Indianapolis, usher; and Dick Stephenson, Plymouth, sentinel. Initiation took place for the following men: J. Albert Clark, Jeffersonville; William Rehm, Logansport; William Dempster, Barberton, 0.; Earl Clark, Lafayette; and W. Q. Punnell, Flandreau, S. D. The following men were pledged: Oramel H. Skinner, Indianapolis; Perry Smith, Hartford City; and Earl C. Schrader, Soul^h Bend.
collegiate
University of Washington Alpha Delta Phi’s are holding open house every day now—somebody stole their front door' When they returned from a campus party one night they found the door, a statue and some prize photogi'aphs gone. They have asked the dean of men to investigate. C—C—C “There is need of education, of understanding, not so much a greater accumulation of factual material as the development of the ability of working with other people.” University of Minnesota’s J. O. Christianson believes that character education should be paramount.” C—C—C A co-ed at the University of Chattanooga wore a hat composed of one white lampshade, one bath tub plug chain, one shoe lace, two paper clips and a skimpy bouquet of artificial flowers, during all of one day. The only impression she created was the envious stare of a waitress in a restaurant. C—C—c Wallflowers at the University of Tennessee don’t know whether to be sad or happy. Dancing taught “in 10 easy lessons” is the latest activity of the physical education department. BUT the instructor has made it clear that those who “have no rhythm, no spirit of the dance, and those who just can’t be taught to dance,” are barred from entering the class. C—C—C Thirty-two students at the University of Nebraska are working their way through school by scraping bones of prehistoric animals for the university museum.
life Saving Classes . . . . . for men, sponsored by the men’s physical education department, will be organized tonight at 7 o’clock m room 107 of the Fieldhouse. The classes for beginners and advanced swimmers will be conducted. Men passing 15 hours of work will receive life saving emblems. Howard Krick, Alfred Risser, John Holloway, and Kenneth Penny, who recently passed Red Cross instructors examination, will be in charge of the classes.
TODAY — TOMORROW
John D. Rockefeller, who gave the University of Chicago more than 34 millions, visited that institution only twice in his life.
At the University of California at Los Angeles, 7,846 students drive to college daily in 4,654 cars.
When You Break Window Glass Call us for prompt and efficient replacement. We also carry a full line of PITTSBURGH PAINTS and a complete new stock of Wall Papers. Huneck's Glass & Paint Co.
826 Main
Phone 3841
Amazing new instrument plays Victor records thru your radio ! Try it today. Get full details of special offer! *li0t prlo« vobject to change without notlte.
McLean Music Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
ARC
Eleanor Stewart —ALSO— “PAINTED STALLION” No. 6
Where Are You Dining Before Prom? Good Food Served In Quietl^^i^roundings Reservations Woiild Be Appreciated.
OL CoL
Phone 2464
omai
626 Columbia St.
The Great American Motion Picture!
A spectacular drama of the booming, brawling, wide-open Chicago that vanished forever in the great tire
TYRONE ALICE POWER + FAYE
IN TECHNICOLOR
ADOLPHE MENJOU THE RITZ BROTHERS Z0R1NA>KENNY BAKER AMOREA LEEDS HELEN JEPSON PHIL J|A K E R EDOAR BERQEN A> XHARLEYJMeeARTHY LAST 2 DAYS
vrith ALICE BRADY - ANDY DEVINE - BRIAN DONLEVY
5 DAYS -startingtomorrow
DICK FORAN
OVER THE WALL”
Just the opposite from “Quack” Maikel’s reception for his Martha Wednesday night at the bus station on the east side when all the frat brothers turned out to confuse the issue, will be J. Goory’s pitiful greeting (if there is any) of his inspection trip gal from Detroit. It seems that not only does absence make the heart grow fonder but also hampers the recollective apparatus . . . what'll probably happen will be that the train will pull out leaving ‘Reamer’ on the platform suriounded by a bevy of im-
ports none of which look the least bit familiar. Brother Reamers ought to establish a lost and found booth for Goory on the firing line.
Trying to liven things up a little is Martha ‘prom committee’ Whitehead who is importing a student of an Indianapolis embalming school . . . tsk, tsk!
Improve Your BALLROOM DANCING Enroll in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, April 22 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6tli & Ferry
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy For Popcorn, Ice Cream, Cigarettes, Tobacco, Candy, Gum, Peanuts, Pies, Twinkies, Soft Drinks, etc.
PROM IMPORTS Can be sure of quick and bigh class seiwice bere. There aren’t words enough to describe the quality of food or service we’ll give you. And don’t forget your import will appreciate not having to go farther than across the street from the campus for dinner. COLLEGE INN CAFETERIA
FLY
See Purdue from the air! Learn to fly while iii school at lower rates by competent instructor. Only $3.00 per lesson. Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
West Side Cleaners 222 North Streeta
ilSi
Friday, April 22, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spoiid.
EXPONENT
Baseball Squad Meets Minnesota Nine In First Big Ten Conference Game Here Today In an effort to put more hitting punch into the team, Coach Dutch Fehring indicated yesterday that he may present a new batting order when the Boilermakers open their Big Ten season against Minnesota in the first of a two game home series today.
Sammy Lyboult, who has been bothered by a knee injury, may be replaced by Wayne Hearne at second base as well as in his spot as lead off man in the batting^ order, while Tom Dickinson is slated to maintain his position at center field and second man on the batting order. The remainder of the tentative batting order will be Stamm, left field; Mackiewicz, third base; Dean, right field; Thompson, shortstop; Waling, first base; and McAfee, catcher. Arnold Bredewater, veteran hurler is expected to be the pitching choice for the opening game, with either “Stu” Heiss or
“Turk” Mangas being held in reserve for Saturday’s game. In last year’s double-header with the Gophers, the Purdue baseball nine split even; winning the first game 3-1 and losing the second one 8-7. So far this year Minnesota has shown plenty of power and will be a tough nut for the Boilermakers to crack.
All fraternity baseball games have been cancelled for Friday, April 22. —CLEVETT.
Joe: He knows the right people. College: Not only that, but he knows almost everybody. He always passes away his spare time in the Union. You can make new friends and develop old acquaintances in the Union. Make your daily visit to the Union a part of your college life. JhL fiju/tjdwL Tyimw^ujoL UmofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Boilermaker Football Squad Develops Stars During Spring Practice Yesterday afternoon, the Boilermaker football squad recuperated from Wedhesday’s scrimmage, the longest and most hard-fought drill on Stewart Field this spring. The highlight of the inter-squad battle Wednesday afternoon was the clean blocking by Ted Hennis and the wonderful catch of Jim Nesbitt’s long touchdown pass by the fleet, freshman end, Dave Rankin. Hennis, by far the best blocker on the squad, is fast developing into an expert punter and passer, and for the first time* in many seasons Purdue may have a quarterback who can throw passes as well as call signals and block. Besides the showing of Rankin, John Petty, a fullback, has been improving in his play during the past few weeks. Petty may make it tough for upperclassmen out to make this position on next year’s varsity. From the appearance of the punters in yesterday’s punting drill, the Gold and Black squad will have several good kickers next fall. Welsch, Hennis, DeWitte, Brock, and Tykocki were getting off good sixty and sixty-five yard punts with regularity.
Tennis Team Plays Second Match Of Season Here Today Purdue’s tennis squad will meet tough competition this afternoon when they play the Western State Teachers’ College tennis team on varsity courts north of the Fieldhouse. The teachers will be playing their first match of the season while the Boilermakers have one victory to their credit. In their first match of the season the Gold and Black squad turned back the Indiana State Teachers’ College team by a one-sided 5-1 score. The personnel of the Purdue team will be Fuente, Taylor, Gardner, and Wakefield in the first four positions. As yet though, no definite playing order has been decided upon. For the fifth and sixth positions, the players will be picked from a field of Mann, Jackson, Brodsky, Blitz, and Hebbeler. Silver Mask... . . . fencing honorary, announces the initiation of Maurice Neptune, Oak Park, 111.; John Fox, Fort Plain, N. Y.; Morton Meier, Fort Wayne; Louis Schmidt, Indianapolis; Alvin Maierson, Indianapolis; and Albert Tower, Peru.
DEWENTER^S
SALE
of SPRING SUITS
All our new spring fabrics, gabardines, tweeds, herringbones and wor-. steds are greatly reduced in price. Single and double breasted in plain and sport backs. 25.00 reduced to 18.50 29.50 reduced to 22.50 35.00 reduced to 26.50
DEWENTER’S
416 Main St.
Smart Transportation The smartest collection of spring and summer footwear we have ever offered — every new leather crepe soles-r-every new last — every new combination.
Brown — Grey — White Sport Shoes *1-98 and *2-98
Black
224 Main St.
Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main St.
Phi Delta Theta Leads In Participation Race As the interfraternity sports pA)gram swings into the final events of the spring schedule, the Phi Delta Theta’s are leading the race for possession of the participation trophy. The award is presented annually to the fraternity collecting the greatest number of participation points during the year. With fourteen events run off this year, the Phi Delt’s have collected 490 points. Following close on the heels of the,Phi Delt’s is Kappa Sigma with 480 points and within two points with 478, are the Sigma Chi’s. In fourth place is Alpha Gamma Rho with 475 points.
Twelve Freshman Fencers Receive. Numeral Awards Following the conclusion of the I’ecent “freshman tournament the award of freshman varsity numerals to 12 members of the University yearling fencing .squad as authorized by the insignia board of the Student Athletic Association, were announced yesterday as follows: R. A. Barr, C. E. Blocker, J. M. Croxall, W. C. Dubroff, H. G. Lee, A. B. Levin, D. S. Marden,' W. J. Pitcher, A. H. Tower, R. F. VonBeulow, E. A. Wegener-, S. D. Weldy.
A Perfect Picture of Grace and Poise but She Should H ave Flowers
Flowers — fragrant, beautifully arranged add to the enjoyment and charm of your evening.
/ex
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING PHONE 7955 -
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educxrtion H. G.REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBER'T 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
YODER TEACHERS AGENCY (licensed) Free Enrollment Lowest Commission North Manchester, Ind: BispecialJy need Agriculture, Home Economics, Music, Art, Commerce, Industrial Arts, Physical £M., and Librarians.
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWptS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and up. Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPTS Phons 2828-209-11N. Sth St
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Florist
RoJth Inc. 635 Main St. in Lnna Thantra BnUdins Phone 7955—8050 » Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Special, Thm-s. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 • Tin Shop TORN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G. Butz, Mgr. Sheet Metal and Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 Main St. Phone 68S2. ';V
3bxaL (Mil
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yiotkoA,
Friday, April 22. 1938
WILL PERSON—Who took the ham and beans, mashed potatoes,
Notices Mo Notice* Accepted Alter i p.m.
Local Ads
drawinsr instruments from my desk dressing-, salad, hot rolls; pie, cofplease return them. Robert Dir- fee. Served 6 p. m., April 24. Proniever, gressive Spiritualist Church, 810
South street, Lafayette.
vs. J. Davfson; P. Swick vs. L. Thomas; P. Clymer vs. A. Spicher. Girls who can not play at the scheduled time must call opponent or forfeit match. —CAMPBELL.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging ceremony 5 p. m. Monday, April 25, in room 416 in Chemistry Bniiding. —SANDERS.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines. sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F- Ebershoff, 606 Main street. TYPING—Theses and term papei's—Mary Catherine Carroll. Call 556S4 at 1704 South street.
LOST — Spaulding “Sweetspot” putter. F'inder please call Monk.
2401.
FOR SALE38 short. $10.
-Men’s tuxedo. Size Phone 2606.
Glider Club; No meeting this week. (4-23) —MOORE.
LOST—Polyphase Duplex slide rule. Finder please return. Call Smith 65091. CHURCH SUPPER—All you can eat for 25 cents. Menu—baked
Commonwealth College has no paid faculty.
WAA Badminton: The following games will be played Friday. April 22 at 4 p. m. : E. Maier vs. L. Stricklcr ; .1. Renuik vs. E. Heeter; J. Gaylord vs. C. Lockncr; B. Bannwart vs. T. Berry. The following games will bo played at 4 :30 p. m. J. Cook vs. M. L. Hickman ; K. Harlan
All-Campus Lolt and Tennis: All those interested in participating in the all-campus golf tournament or the all-campus tennis tournament, immediately pay 10c entry fee to the intramural office. (2-24) —CLEVETT.
NYA Workers: Checks for period ending April 9, are now available at cashier’s office in Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE.
Electrical Engineering Seniors: Names appearing on the north bulletin board must comply with instructions in main office before Thursday, April 28, or pictures will not appear on senior hallway panels this year. —EHINGER.
Poultry Students: Students who want tickets for the Poultry Banquet please see Jenkins or me. (4-23) —ECHTERLING.
Airport Dance Committee:.. Important meeting in room F of the Union Monday, April 25, at 7 p. m. Everybody please be present. —MORGAN.
The University of Santa Clara is the oldest institution of higher learning in the west.
Keep that new Easter Suit looking new with Crown Cleaning. This applies to your Hat too.
CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
For Better Lawns and Gardens . . A garden is never better than the planting . . . than the seeds, fertilizer, or planting equipment. For a good lawn or garden you need tools that will do a competent job; both in planting, and in keeping your lawn and garden looking good after the planting. What- ^ ever your need in these supplies, we *1 ll have them . . . and at moderate prices. Armour’s Garden and Lawn Fertilizer i \ \ \ W ^ 251h8 $1.15 50 lbs $1.75 100 lbs $3.00 Hight Test Fancy Blue Grass Seed 35c pound Better Flower and Plant Seed 10c package 16" Ball Bearing Lawn Mowers $14.95 and up
MOORE & KEMPLE HDWE. CO. NORTH SIDE SQUARE PHONE 2577
When you see one of our cabs, you know that someone is receiving prompt, courteous service. For your Prom transportation coll 3071 » 5023 Our cabs are os close to you os the nearest telephone YELLOW CAB CO. Quick Service Is Our Specialty
PROHise Her a Good Time from START TO FINISH
Begin the evening with a Formal Dinner; a meal that will make a hit with her; a meal that has everything—taste appeal, attractive surroundings, yet at moderate prices.
HUTTON'S CAFE
See tires exploded by dynomite on a car traveling 60 miles per hour. See spikes rip-open two tires on a car traveling at this dazzling speed. See the driver bring the car to a smooth normal stop on tires that have been blown-out but are still inilated. Don’t miss this amazing
show—
COURTESY OF
PETER ANDERSON CO. and Associate Dealers
One of those things that have to be seen to be believed, the blowout of a tire on a ear traveling at upward of 60 miles an hour without serious consequences of any kind, is to be shown in West Lafayette on North-
western Ave.
This demonstration will be staged at 1:15 in this city. Local police authorities have consented to the demonstration and will assist in conducting it. The purpose of this apparently dangerous
but really routine performance is to prove that in a car equipped with LifeGuards, tire failure at any speed is no more dangerous than a slow leak. The blowout is induced either by means of railroad spikes firmly fixed in heavy steel plates or by dynamite caps detonated from within the car.
4
The casing is ripped to shreds, but the car remains in control of the driver and is brought to a smooth, safe stop without weaving or leaving the road. The explanation, according to Mr. Smith, local tire dealer, is that the LifeGiiard, a reserve tire within a tire, is not affected by the destruction of casing or tube but holds air long enough to enable the car to be stopped. The LifeGuard is a two-ply tire placed within the regular tube, to which it is joined at the base. They are inflated through the same valve. When the tube is suddenly deflated, a tiny vent allows the air to pass slowly from the reserve tire of the LifeGuard, which meanwhile supports the car. As the LifeGuard reserve tire floats freely within the tube, it “gives” with sharp objects that puncture casing and tube, instead of being ripped. Although the demonstrations are conducted by factory there is no special premium on skilled driving or coolness.
K i i' V
'’'T'