ri «If. ^ ^
Purdue
Z«t8f
Exponent
'Volume 5L No. 129
Fndo/, Mordi 8, 1940
Gold Peppers Bring Warpy Waterfall VarsItV COSt InCOmpletC
rr
Seventh Heaven" Robert Virovai
Continues Run As Convo Artist
Crowd Fills Hall Next Week
. . . and his band to the campus for the second co-ed bid dance of the semester in the south ballroom from 9 to 12 tonight.
Warpy’s band is from the Indiana University campus, the same band, then known as Hal Lieber’s that played in the cafeteria during last year’s prom. The band, with their vocalist, Marjorie Wonen, finished a fifteen week engagement at Lake James this summer. Waterfall was here two years ago when
he played first clarinet for Jimmy Cathcart’s dance orchestra. Pledges ^ Gold Pepper pledges will be introduced at 10 o’clock, and may be recognized by the black skull caps which they will be given to wear. Actives of the senior women’s honorary will wear their traditional gold felt hats bearing the pepper insignia. During the intermission, G(5ld Pepper pledges, actives, and faculty
guests, will hold a reception in the new faculty lounge. Georgann Schilling, Ruth Hall, Louise Schickler, and Mary Petticrew compose the dance committee. Short afternoon dresses and business suits will be appropriate for wear. Tickets are on sale for one dollar at the women’s residence halls, all sorority houses, and at the table outside of the sweetshop fi’om 4 to 5 tonight.
By the Exponent Dramatic Critic Even Diane said, “I’m a very remarkable fellow,” and she was. Juanita Sebum, “the actress who almost didn’t get named on the program, proved herself very capable of handling the changing, emotional role of the heroine in Playshop’s current production “Seventh Heaven.” Juanita splits the action honors evenly with Benton Bums who portrays Chico the sewer man who becomes Chico the street washer.
'Bathroom Baritones" Will Soon ^ / Move To New Music Hall Home
John W. Cochrun
As the trend in the physical education departments in the schools and colleges of the United States is to induce all of America’s potential athletes to “work out” regularly lather than watch a select few perform, so the new music hall will be a place for bombastic bathroom baritones to give vent to concealed desires to be vocalists that heretofore have been admired only by the audience in vapor clouded shower room mirrors.
Mixer Will Honor
Livingston Speaks At Ag Banquet In Honor Of Contest Winners
Big Ten Champions
Paying homage to the University’s 1940 basketball champions will be the chief purpose of the weekly mixer in the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow night. Union executives announced that all basketball riiajor lettermen will be their guests at this celebration.
Pour winners in the Ag contests held during the closing days of the winter short course were honored at a banquet, given by their fellow students last night in the south Union ballroom.
“Purdue shall have a choir of over four hundred voices, one of the largest college or university choirs in the world” declared A. P. “Al” Stewart, music director of the University, “when the music department occupies five floors on one side of the new music hall next fall.”
The backdrop, labeled “Piggy’s Boys,” features a basketball wearing a Big Ten Crown swishing thiough a hoop. The names of all the major lettermen also appear on the drop.
The contests wei e om farm management, won by R. W. Hanna; live stock judging, won by W. B. Huffman; dairy cattle judging, won by Royal D. Wilson, and dairy products judging, won by Gerald E. Daniel. Speaker
During this scene, Betty Erick, as Diane’s rich aunt, and Bob Adams as Pere Chevillon tried to persuade Diane to come back and live in luxury with her aunt.
For Shame, “Al” More sensational than his ability to smoke five cent cigars and mislead unsuspecting students into thinking that they are ten cent cigars is “Al” Stewart’s ability to make “jitterbugging” collegians sing staid, semiclassical, and religious music and get a thrill from doing it. More than five hundred good voices have been turned away annually because of'lack of room in the present music offices in Eliza Fowler Hall. Purdue is ready for its new music hall.
As a happy reminder to last Monday's decisive game, a University of Illinois band, Dick Cisne, will furnish the downbeat. Cisne and his band are well known on the campus, having played here at a number of social functions.
L. F. Livingston, of the du Pont company, was the main speaker of the evening. Dr. Livingston displayed some thirty samples of products made from agricultural raw materials as a result of recent research work. He pointed out that research on industrial crops promises the brightest future agriculture has ever known.
The dance will continue from 9 until 12 and the regular mixer price of one dollar will prevail.
Al Stewart To Direct
Music for the occasion was furnished by the Winter Course orchestra and the Winter Course glee club, both undei the direction of Prof. 1^. E. Robbins, of the Agronomy depaitment.
Action in the last act centered almost entirely about Diane, and it was in this act that Juanita demonstrated her ability to “live” the part. During this act, Pere makes another attempt to win her love, and this time he almost convinces her that all previous prayers upon which she and Chico have based their lives are in vain. But as the bells and frivolity of Armistice ring that morning at 11 o’clock, the crisis of the play is reached, and the lives of the two untangle themselves.
Taxi
Easter Covocafion
“Spots” Emrick is nationally known as the originator of formation marching bands. With the spacious rooms in the basement of the music hall he will be able to turn the almost faultless Purdue Military Band into a precision machine that will be the envy of the entire collegiate world.
Kidoodlers Orchestra With additional rooms for the concert band and the University orchestra in the music hall, all Purdue students that can play anything from a sackbut to a psaltery, including ophicleides, kotos, and citharas, can express themselves audibly.
Easter Convocation, to be presented in Eliza Fowler Hall on Tuesday and Wednesday nights, Mai’ch 19 and 20, will feature “The Seven Last Words of Christ,” a sacred cantata by Theodore DuBois. The cantata will be sung by the Concert and University Choirs and accompanied by the University Orchestra, In co-operation with the Committee on Religious Convocations, Albert P. Stewait, director of
Closing exercises will be held this morning in th'e assembly room of Agricultuie Hall. President Elliott will present ceitificates to the 196 students successfully qualifying in all of the work.
Home, Marriage Class
Jerry Ciral, as Poppa Boul the old taxi-cab driver, always a friend of the couple, makes a realistic Frenchman. The furitive entrances and exits of The Rat (Chuck Hart) in and out of the manhole create a true “Dead End” atmosphere for the staging. Eliza Fowler Hall was well filled for this second production of the series. The third presentation of “Seventh Heaven” will begin tonight at eight o’clock.
Will Meet Tonight At 7:15 Qualified Students May
choral music, will handle the entire
program, wmch marks the yearly observance oji the Easter season by the University.
Purdue’s musical organizations will be represented from coast to coast next year, New York in the fall and Cialifornia in the spring. There is even the possibility of Purdue’s having the first monotone chorus. Cheer up, you waits; sound reveille to Appolo!
HE Staff Sponsors Consultant Service
Representing a cross-section of married life, three couples will talk to the class in Pieparation for Home and Marriage meeting at the Wesley Foundation tonight at 7:16 o’clock. One couple has-been married for foity-six years, another ten yeais, and the last for only one year. The major pait of the evening will be given over to questions asked by the students, and discussed by these couples.
Apply For Summer Jobs
Students who are qualified for councilors jobs at summer camps have an opportunity to get such positions by applying to the New York Employment Service, according to a recent announcement.
Alpha Phi Omega
. . . scouting honorary, announces the initiation of P. E. Pontius, Kentland; R. H. Weaver, Elkhart; R. S. Sternberger, lAdianapolis; S. A. Widman, New Albany; and H. E. Zuvers, Hammond.
A consultant service established by the home economics faculty, is offering advice to University students on problems pertaining to diets, menu planning, budgets, food majrketing, selection of clothing and accessories, remodelling of clothes, personal grooming, selection and arrangement of furniture, and the proper use and care of equipment. Faculty consultants are in room 209 of the home economics building on Mondays and Wednesdays from 4 to 6 p. m., and on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 3 to 6 p, m.
Dean Reed Speaks Before
Ag Education Club Meeting
Dean H, A. Reed of the School of Agriculture gave an informal talk last night at the meeting of the Purdue Agricultural, Education Society. Dean Reed’s subject was centered about the problems that the vocational agriculture teacher would have to meet in the field. Plans were made for the agricultural banquet and April 16 was chosen as the date.
Applicants must be at least 20 years old, and must either have had counciling experience or hold a senior life saving certificate, have had camp experience, and be equipped to teach at least one of the skills commonly included in camp programs; arts and crafts, music, drama, dancing, tennis, and other sports.
Any one interested in such work may obtain application forms by writing the camp unit of the state employment service professional service at 87 Madison Avenue, New York City. Applicants who are being considered for appointment will be required to appear in New York for an interview before the end of June.
Violinist To Entertain
Thursday, Friday
Curtain time for the Playshop production tonight will be 8 p. m. instead of 7:30 as on previous nights.
Robert Virovai, young violinist, will play for the regular convocation on Thursday and Friday, March 14 and 16. Eighteen year old Virovai made his first debut last November with the New York Philharmonic Symphony Orchestra. Ticket exchanges for the convocation may be made at Prof. J. T. Gunn’s office, 213 Purdue Hall on Monday and,JDhursday from 8 to 11
Burns dominates the first act, in which Chico finds Diane in difficulty and vows she is his wife in older to prevent her arrest. '
Plot Thickens In the second act, set in the seventh floor “Heaven” of the couple who are posing as man and wife until the police follow up their threat to check on the situation, both Juanita and Burns give an adept interpretation of the humorous, yet touching, scenes as Diane and Chico realize they are in love.
Robert Virovai
a. m., Tuesday and Thursday from 1 to 4 p. m., or at Miss Stover’s office in the recitation building, room 106, at any time during office hours.
Sophomores, Juniors, and townspeople and staff members holding red tickets will be admitted on first night, Thursday, March 14. Freshmen, Seniors, and staff members holding buff tickets will be admitted on Friday. A limited number of single admissions at one dollar each may be purchased at either the office or the lobby of the gymnasium.
Carnival Prelims
Being Held Today
Eliminations in the boxing tournament of the annual athletic cai’nival will be held the last part of this week and the beginning of next. About 30 battlers have entered in'the eight classes, ranging from flyweight to the heavyweight division. Only four of Joe Benna’s regular Golden Glovers, Beers, Pyle, Simmons, and Haeleb are participating in the event. Cary Hall leads in the entries with 16 men in the competition. Finals in the toui-ney will be staged next Wednesday as an added attraction in the annual carnival. Golf
Preliminaries in the golf putting and pitching contests ar6 being held today in the Fieldhouse basement from 4 to 6:30 p. m. Each entrant will attempt 26 chances with the 12 best meeting in the finals on the carnival night.
Preliminaries in the football passing contest will also start this afternoon from 4 to 6 in the fieldhouse. Contestants will attempt to throw the pigskin through openings in a canvas target.
Four Paris Remain; Choruses Named
With most of the principals for this year’s Varsity show,. “Sweethearts,” already chosen there still remain op^ four non-singing male parts. These include one lead and three minor parts. Any students interested in trjlng out for these should meet in Fowler Hall today at 4 p. m. for an audition. The total reproduction will include 16 lead parts, thirty in the choruses, a dancing group of eight, and an eccentric dancer.
Chornses
Today an announcement of the members of the chorus for the show was made. The women’s chorus is as follows: Virginia A. Stede, Ruth Gausman, Rosalind McClanahan, Janice Yeoman, Margaret Corson, Dorthea Larsen, Margaret Young, Juanita Thompson, Evelyn SheH, Joan LeBoeuf, Helen Ruth Cox, Jean Skinner, Martha Moon, Beth Pertenheimer, and Ruth McDaniels.
The male chorus* is comprised of the following: 'Thoi: Nygren, O. E. Baker, Joe Davis, Prank Hoph, John Enipe, Emilio Ratti, John Cochrun, Earle J. Aber, Robert Hartley, James Mills, Don Pyke, Prank Franz, Joe Shepherd, and R. P, Thornton. The entire chorus and leads are requested to meet in Fowler Hall today at 4 p. m. for a reading of the show.
Professor N.C. Brown
Will Speak At Annual
Foresters Banquet
Nelson C. Brown, professor of forestry at New York State College of Forestry,'Syracuse, will be the speaker at the eleventh annual Forestry Club banquet Tuesday in the north ballroom of the Union. His subject will be “The Role of Wood in Modern Warfare.” Professor Brown has been head of the department of Forest Utilization in the New York State CoUeg^e of Forestry for several years, and enjoys the distinction of being the private forestry counselor for President Roosevelt on his Hyde Park estate.
Guest of Honor Brown will be guest of honor at several events during his stay on campus. Among these will he a smoker at the home of Professor B. N. Prentice, head of the forestry department. He will also inspect the work being done in forestry in this state, and will go over the instructional work offered here. Tickets for the banquet should be purchased before 6 p. m. Monday, March 11, at the Union desk or at the forestry offices. The talk will be open to the general public.
Horton Smith Will
Attend Golf Clinic
Dolphin Club
. . . national swimming honorary announces the pledging of the following men: Mr. E. G. Welch, ME School; L. J. Bursell, Faii'fleld, Conn.; P. S. Parkas, South Bend; G. R. Bloomquist, Gary; P. M. Branner, Lafayette; T. A. Andersen, Chicago; 6, W. Wolf, Logansport; Alex Kusko, Cronpond, N. Y.
Pi'ogram of two day golf clinic to be held on the campus April 9 and 10 features such men as Horton Smith, John Revolts* and Gene Sarazen. The clinic, which meets under the sponsorship of the department di'Msion of physical education for men and in co-operation with the Professional Golfer’s Association of America, will emphasize methods of improving golf instructiop in high schools and colleges as well as for the general public. College and high school golf coaches and teachers, as well as golf professionals, from six midwestem states have be^n invited to attend, according to the announcement from Noble E, Kiaer, athletic direcs tor.
m
mam^A^r: •- '-I,-., ,■••7 ;' ■7;,«;,| ’/'_-f’-‘ ..■•v.t (^;';'’*-'r
y '
! /
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday# March 8# 1940
But
Inddentally
By Karamazov “Romanoff, Serge, Vladiinir Incorporated” predicted that the next time tlmt we brought one of these things that iSiey would tear it up. Well, we fooled them, we didn’t bring it in. We just put it in. We have friends. ■8 * * We were down in the Union workshop today. Some* one did us wrong when we were freshmen. We definitely think we would like to be in Union. * * * Particularly sitting on the floor. * * * One couple we saw were painting the backdrop for the mixer Saturday and were taking turns filling in spaces between little black lines. It looked like lots of fun. There was just one thing that bdthered us. We couldn’t figure out who was winning. * * * We ran into an interesting bit in one of our fellow madmen’s columns. It concerned a reporter who was in the lobby of a theater in the north country. At one side was a rather pompous lady behind a table surmounted by a can labeled “Help the Pins.” In walked a large bear coat enclosing a small man. Said the man, “Why don’t you have a can for Russia, too ?” And disregarding the lady whipped on into the theater to watch the brothers clean up on the rebellious Finns. The reporter went home. He still doesn’t know why they don’t have a can for
I Purdue Exponent
B. K. Iiutap Mlter4»aM W. B. SaUtt BoataiMa Ifauucar n. G. tT«nri». editorial diraeur; G. W. Vfaderfci; unaa. aKinc owtor; E. M. Aateniai, aenier adrertWiqr mmmarar; 6. ScUIlinc, co^ editor: B. JenUaa, aporle editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038;
Sports 2792
BBtarad ao seeeai elaaa msMor at the post
Lafajratta, VdisM. nndor tKo aal od OoneMaa of Mi^ B 18TB, and at Um apoM fate od peataca peaeldod iar In eeetioii 1108. aet od Oelober 1,181T, anthorisad Jmmmur IB 1888. PnUMied dallv mwem/i UeniSar imrlat the tacalar aeadcasie year aad weekly darins the Snnnner Banian. Delirered locally by eanier for 18.88 par year. aiaO Sik*
•eriptioa $8.88.
Repreaented for national adrertieing by ‘National Ad. vertiaiiiar Seivlee, Ine., College 2*nldislfen BepieaentaUreo,
488 Madison Ave., New ToTk, N. T.
All nnaiKned editorials are written by tbs editorial di-
rector.
Night Editor, Heiple Issne Editor, Kennedy Day Editor, Carroll Friday. BlaMh 8, 1840
Spring is in the air, and already we receive contribs from our able sleuths concerning the love life on the campus. The early love bug has taken a solid bite out of Doug McDaniel, for his pals say the poor boy is head over heels about a little girl by the name of Sis Taylor. She won’t give the boy a break, either. Break down, Sis! —B & B— PAID AD Three smoothies of the Phi Delt soph dass are pining away for dates. These indude Jim Adams, Wally and Tom Clennon. Please, girls, w<m’t you date them? They’re tired of bull sessions during weekends —B & B— TRASH! Jerry Hinshaw, PIA prexy, has finally put a very neat little “no trespassing” sign on Jeanne Miller, Theta pledge. The whole thing started fiom a blind date . —B & B— MORE TRASH! Hank Eigelsbach, Theta Chi romeo, (he’s the boy with the smooth convertable) has put his pin out on Iris Baumgartner. This all dame
Approximately... . . . 300 persons registered for the 13th annual Indiana Florists’ conference which closed yesterday afternoon. Discussions on growing flowers without soil and problems of soil fertility for flowers were featured in the closing session. Earlier in the day an announcement was made of recipients of certificates, presented to florists who had produced noteworthy creations. J. W. Pickrell, Elkhart; W. A. Rowe Floral Co., Kirkwood, Mo ; and the Baur-Steinkamp and Company of Indianapolis received these certificates.
about after the Delta Gamma trade dinner, which proves that there is something to these trade dinners beside boring conversations .... —B &B— H. L. Freyn, SAE playboy is humming “South of the Border” these days. It seems that after his tiff with Jo Jackson he suddenly discovered the charms of Gloria Fox. But n’ya n’ya said the little Fox or did she ? —B & B— NO ONE IMMUNE To our many ciitics who claim we are playing favorites by not announcing pin hangings by Ye Expo staff members, we (shall explain that it was a case of being so close to the trees that we couldn’t see the forest. We thought everybody knew that Editor Bob Insley had his Sig Nu pin on Joann Geer, Chi O aviatiix, since Christmas.
Sophomoro Siegel Will Captain Iowa Cagemen A trio of Western Conference schools brought their 1940 hardwood campaign to a close this week by electing captains to lead their 1940-41 squads. Vic Seigel, brilliant sophomore forward from Davenport, Iowa, was chosen captain by the members of the Hawkeye squad. Siegel proved to be one of the outstanding members of the recently finished Big Ten season when he garnered enough points in conference games to land a seventh place berth in the Big Ten scoring race. John Drish, of Cicero, Illinois, was chosen to take over the duties of graduating Bill Hapec, Illini scoxing ace during the forthcoming Big Ten race. Diish has won two letters in basketball, this season holding down a guard post on the Mills coached quintet Pmt-sized Herb Brogan, stellai Michigan guard, will succeed Captain Jim Rae as helmsman of the Wolveime contingent. Brogan is recognized for his outstanding defensive ability along with an uncanny ability to diop m long shots at times when they are most needed
Don Terrio
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lieiity
“So many Presidential candidates being adopted into the tribe, we feel justified in making a slight charge to cover the cost of blanket and feathers!”
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
—.WITH — MARY CARLISLE — ANP —
A COWBOY THUNDERtaoiT"
warn i mmm
• ALSO-
n^.- 1^1 ^ ||| SiYowii
llll.M I, IZt?.”.
the Russians. * 4c » Yesterday we saw tragedy. It was over by the side of the music hall. Some incipient soldier was hmTying to corps day formation when he stepped into a soft place on the road. He just disappeared. We expect to get a telegram from China any day now. 4c 4c 4i On second thought we will join him. We see they have “April” in China. (The dragon lady, too.) It’s still March here. 4c 4c |c I, Karamazov have spoken, I go now but I shall return.
editoiial director of the Exponent, who IS now convalescing in the Home Hospital following an appendectomy, IS now able to receive visitors The emergency operation was 'performed early Wednesday morning, and the patient’s condition IS now reported as being quite satisfactory
The University of Rochester men’s glee club will sing at the White House on Easter Monday.
Co-eds Only
When a man bites a dog that’s news—now don’t get all exdted— we’re not claiming ne'^s on that score—we’ve more of a scoop than that. No, we didn’t quite go so far as to invade the dacred men’s bum rooih, to Which no female is ever to gain entrance, but flash! We gained admittance to a bull session—^horje enough, a Teal for shore enough one, too. .After having been admitted to ibis sacted sanctuai^ and warned of our attitude toward it, we gleaned some very interesting bits of advice for “co-eds only” from our glib tongued informants. On the ^'T we’re passing on to you a litfle of what was discussed in that bull session. I "C*0 To be ^expected, the main topic discussed waU women, although we were emphatically assured that other topics were discussed, but since we were in their presence perhaps we would understand this one, they were sure they didn’t. Here, gals, is the dope—^the recipe to a man’s heart. —c-o— First, a liberal dose of sweetness. Refrain from reaching for the bottle of sophistication, it just doesn’t suit the tastes of the majority of eds. Fellows like a little ginger now and then. Even in a successful lecipe there must be ingredients to cause some struggle, therefore add a little veiy well managed competition. C-O' ■ ■ What makes a cake rise? It’s the leavening agent. Our male friends really go for a girl who can give to the recipe some boost and give to them a sense of security in themselves. Would you slam the door on a cake? Well, then, take warning, and don’t slam the door on aiiy ed. By that the eds mean to use a liberal sprinkling of tact. —c-o— If the cake is spoiled by burning, it loses its goodness; the same holds true with males. Girls, be fair and square with them—add lots of good sportsmanship—don’t be proud of playing a fellow for a sucker. —c-o— After carefully mixing these ingredients together in the right proportions, place them and keep them always in the proper conditions. That, my dear readers, makes mighty good eating and the proof of the pudding is in the eating.
0RRAIH€RAYON SWISH TAFFETA SLIPS at a new low price
BRIDGE SETS Gorgeous color effects in applique add smartness to your table. Your choice of all the new colors Set includes cloth and 4 napkins.
5 pc. Sets
$1.00
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Jmudiy. Jalk Yesterday Afternoon ' ... the University Committee on Extra-Curricular Activities read a letter from a student who, by virtue of removing a “C” in a course, has thereby lowered her Scholastic index below 3.5, thus making her ineligible for election to a position in her activity. At “hearing this all eyebfows raised slightly and slide rules and pencils began to function. Everyone said it wasn’t possible; if this were true there would be no incentive for the student to remove the “C” until after his or her election to the activity post. In fact, the “C” would never actually be “removed.” After considerable explanation by a committee member familiar with the registrar’s metiiod of idex calculatictns,^the committee agreed reluctantly that the situation, though grossly Unfair, was possible. The explanation runs something like this: The registrar’s office figures a student’s scholastic in the usual faniiliar manner at the close of the semester. If the student has a ‘^C“ in a course, he makes it up in the manner Specified by the instructor, as soon as possible. If he satisfactorily masters the course at this time he is given a “P” in the subject. The registrar’s office does ndt replace the “C” with a “P” in figuring the new index, but merely adds the hours of “P” onto the old index and divides by the larger denominator. Tn effect thS 'Student’s record now looks as if he had carried more hours than he actually did because the course in question has been added in twice. We can see how it is very permissable for the registrar to keep the “C” on the student’s record for the benefit of future employers, but we fail to see why a student’s index should be further lowered because he makes an effort and removes the undesirable mark. There is certainly no incentive for the student with better than a 3 point average to remove the “C” until his last semester in the University. This looks like a rather serious loophole in our system of figuring scholastic index, especially now, in light of'its effect on participation in extra-cur-ricular activities. —R.E.L ‘
Final Deadline
. for all entries in the current camera club contest is today at 6 p. m. The contest is open to all students and townspeople who will compete for eight prizes. Photogiaphs will be classed under four groups; portraits, landscapes, still life, and miscellaneous. Pictures should be left at the Student Union office.
LU^ — TODAY -SATURDAY -
Hoosier Hot Shots PLUS-n2ND FEATURE
mm auneAin MORRIS* LINDSAY WlUIAM mmm i.
with— DOLORES DEL RIO JOHN HOWARD
— TODAY-SATURDAY — ummsiii
— TODAY-SATURDAY — D O UBLE FEATUR E THE “SAINT” UNCOVERS NEW CLUES, NEW THRILLS! DOUBLE bduIle with GEORGE SANDERS and HELENE WHITNEY-JONATHAN HALE-BELA LUGOSI-DONALD MacBRIOEdOHN F.HAMILTON —-PLUS — A MASTERPIECE COMES TO LIFE!
Padl MDNi
A Warner BROS — First National Picture *i/6 JANE BRYAN.FLORA robson
MADS STARTS TOMORROW
p# ALICE FAYE ^ FRED M MacMURRAY ^ RICHARD ^ GREENE m end BRENDA JOYCE ANDY DEVINE HENRY STEPHENSON FRITZ FELD
•—LAST TIMES TODAY—
A NEyV FANTASTIC SENSATION,,: Sugg.sf.d by "The Invisible Man" by ' H.G. WELLS
mmam mnamm Willi SirCMbkHAROWKKE gYbKtatPRKE'NoiGMlL
iWi
iy
iSi
Vi
V»
«(>\ ■^'^1 . *
Fridayr March d« 1940
£xp0mnL Spo^ddu fiaqsL
Three Riveter Teams In Big Ten Meets This Weekend
TwelveSwimmers (ao to Columbus For Conference Meet Boilermaker tankmen left yesterday for Columbus, Ohio, home of the Ohio State Buckeyes, where they will compete in the all important Big Ten Swimming Meet tomorrQW. After winning top honors in the state meet at Bloomington last Saturday, the Riveters hope to push the f£ivored Michigan champions and garner several points. Michigan’s squad is rated to be the fastest in her history, and Ohio State and Iowa have had remarkable success in competition so far this season. In spite of this, however^ the Boilermaker State Ghampioiis ebould come out on or near the top in the final results next Saturday. Rec<H'ds May Fall Dick Eratzer, holder of state records in two freestyle events, and Graham, team captain and state champion in the 440 yard freestyle, have hopes of winning their respective events. The speedy 330 and 400 yard relay combinations may bring down their state records in Big Ten Competition. The squad Vrhich traveled to Columbus consisted of; Kratzer, 100 and 220 freestyle; Graham, 440 freestyle; Smith, 220 and 440 freestyle; Herr, 60 and 100 free-style; Branner, freestyle; Harris, freestyle; S. E. Anderson, backstroke;
Qh)ksi Br Robert J. Dcckwd
He’s such a modest lad that we had trouble digging information out pt him. Finally, after a bit of coaxing, and Applying a bit of our psychology — ’er somethin’ — we managed to drain out some facts concerning our “modest lad,” Robert LeR^rlgney, captain-elect of the 1940-41 Boilermaker basketball team. —fc— We met Bob, as everybody speaks of him, in the Education building yesterday noon with Don Blanken, another star forward on the Riveter quintet the past year, and a few minutes later he was divulging to us some of his feats. —fc— Bob rose from the baptismal fount on September 27, 1919, in Frankfort, and, at the present time, stands five feet, 11 inches in his socks, tipping the scales at 163 pounds.
Kusko, backstroke; 0. N. Anderson, backstroke; Tingley, breast stroke; Frank, breast stroke; Briggs, diving.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties
at
DEWENTER’S
416 Main Street
Does Your Roommate Have A Way With Your Shirts? Arrow white shirts go with any suit, any tie, aAy time. Their all-purpose qualities make them top drawer favorites. Gordon Dover with the button-down roll collar is a college prerequisite. Its oxford cloth is durable and long-wearing. Smart for all informal occasions—$2. Other whites are Trump, Hitt, and Huron. Sanlforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Every Arrow has a superb collar, the Mitoga fit, and anchored buttons. Your Arrow dealer has these famous whites. Each $2. AMOfV SHIRTS
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the YiRage ,
When he was in the ninth grade in F/ankfort High, he moved to Rossville, where as a basketball and baseball star he attracted many an athletic fan in the state of Indiana. Perhaps his most outstanding feat, athletically, was in a 1936 Indiana basketball sectional, in which he negotiated eight points to help Rossville upset a favored Frankfort team by a score of 21 to 20. —^fc— A week later, more attention was centered on Bob when he garnered 18 points against Lebanon in the first game of the regional in Lafayette and then continued his standout playing versus Jefferson, by whiffing the draperies with 13 points ... He was a co-captain of the Rossville five in his senior i^ear. —^fo— Bob entered the University in September, 1937, (becoming a PE student . . . Right off t^e bat, he won his numerals in basketball and baseball... In his sophomore ^ear. Bob made Indiana basketball citizenry murmur with excitement... After two games had been played by the Boilermakers, he finally got in and ripped the linens with four buckets. —fc— Prom |hat time on he was a permanent fixture in the Purdue lineup .. . The little forward made 96 points last year, to win post number nine in the Big Ten individual scoring standings . . . His playing was so outstanding that he received numerous comments as an outstanding player . . . The United Press sports department awarded him an “honorable mention,” and Blaine Patton, sports editor, Indianapolis Star, selected him as a member of his All-State five, along with Freddie Beretta and Gene Anderson. —^fc-*-This year the brilliant junior forward played in 12 Big Ten games .and flipped in 22 field goals and four free throws for a total pointage of 48 points ... By virtue of
Ed Holderman Chief Boilermaker Hope In Meet At Chicago Minus every one of the stars who earned a first division berth for the Boilermakers in last year’p meet except Ed Holderman, the Boilermaker track team will travel to Chicago for the annual Big Ten indoor meet toihorrow. The lanky distance man copped a fourth in the mile last year and has a good chance to take first honors in the event this time, with there being an even chance that Ed can come through and establish a new record for the distance. In the pole vault there is sure to be a real fight for top honors, with Art Edwards, who recently set a new Purdue indoor record, in the thick of it. There are about five men in the conference who have been topping around 13 feet and any one of them could easily win the blue ribbon. Mile Relay Another event which promises to result in a real battle is the mile relay and the Boilermakers have a good chance to place in this. The relay team will be composed of Shackleton, Anthony, Simmons, and Wente and the first three will also be entered in the 440 yard dash. One of the favored teams in this event hails from Indiana and is anchoi^ed by Cochran, who set a new record for the 440 yard run a few weeks ago. Completing the squad will be Weber, who should get some points in the shot put and Dave Rankin, the jack-of-all athletic trades, who will be entered in the hurdles and possibly the shot put.
his ability as a long-shooting marksman, Igney played a great deal in the semi-back court, which might’ve cut down on his scoring as he did not get in as many shots at the bucket.
POPCORN Bofh Healthy Foods ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Big Ten Wrestling Champions Will Get Under Way Today In Fieldhouse Following the weighing in ceremonies scheduled for this morning, the preliminary bouts of the Western Ck>nfer^ice Wrestling Championships will get under way this afternoon in the fieldhouse at 2 o’clock as nearly 120 mat stars comprising the ten'eompeting teams fight for eight crowns that are at stake
in the tournament.
According to Coach Reeck, Boil-
ermaker wrestling mentor, the invading teams are considerably larger than expected, with each school, with the exception of Wisconsin, who lacks a 176 pounder, bringing a full squad for competition in the conference tournament. 'The entry list is studded with nationally prominent grapplers, headed by Dale Hansen, Minnesota captain, who was last year acclaimed the outstanding intercollegiate
wrestler in the nation.
Undefeated
Hansen has been undefeated in his three years of competition in dual meets and is expected to retain his crown in the 128 pound division which he annexed at last year’s meet in Chicago. The only other defending titleholder is 166 pound McDaniel, a member of the defending championship team, Indiana. The Hoosiers, who are thus far this season undefeated in dual conference meets, are expected to hold their title, but will meet with the stiffest kind of opposition by Illinois, Minnesota and
Michigan.
Tickets for the Big Ten Wrestling Championships today and tomorrow in the Fieldhouse are available from Gimlet and Reamer members or at the Fieldhouse main entrance. Admission for the sessions will be 25 cents, with tickets for the finals tomorrow afternoon selling for 40
cents each.
Although competition is expected to be strong in every event, certain wrestlers, by virtue of their early season records, seem to hold an edge over their opposing matmen. Boilermaker Casey Fredericks, Midwest A. A. U. champion in the 121 pound class, is expected to come * through with high honors in his favorite weight division, although Livovich of Indiana and Gluckman of Northwestern will probably push
the Riveter ace. Captain Hansen of Minnesota should retain his 128 pound title, but will have to overcome the efforts of Antonacci, of Indiana, before reolhiming his
championship.
The 136 pound class seems to be wide open as none of last year’s top matmen are returning. Wilson of Indians and Emmons, of Illinois, apparently hold an edge over the opposing 136 pounders. Indiana’s Roman, who was runner-i!ip last year in the national collegiath meet, will receive his outstanding competition in the 145 pound div^on from Montanaro, of Ohio State, who already holds a win over the Hoosier grappler. JaUesko A Favorite Pre-toumey honors in the 155 pound title are divided between Janesko of Minnesota, thifd^ place winner last year, Seabrook of Illinois, and Captain Willey of Purdue. Defending champion McDaniel is quite outstanding in the 165 potmd division, and, unless a surprise dark horse entry arises, the Hoosier should retain his crown for the second consecutive year. A close race is expected in the 176 pound class, with Inman, of Indiana, and Nichols, of Michigan, conceded to be the outstanding men in the light heavyweight class. Favorite Birich, of Illinois, must overcome the best efforts of Jordan of Michigan and A1 Rossi, Riveter gridder, before the former runnerup in the national collegpate meet can lay claim to the heavyweight
title.
Those wrestleis emerging victorious in this afternoon’s preliminary bouts are slated to enter the semifinals tonight at 7:30. Championships and consolation bouts for determining second and third place winners will be fought tomorrow afternoon beginmng at 2.
PASTRIES
The finest of pastries for the gayest of parties, delicious and wholesome in taste.
Graves’ quauty Bakery
Phone 3852 124 State, W.L. **Cat^ring to Fratemitiea and Sororidm^
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUAUTt FOOD - • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE (^olgreen drug stores 410 Main Street>Ht ' i ■ ^ i
94
3f|>
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. March 8. 1940
s.;
•H
Pistol Team Defeats Yale And Oklahoma The varsity R 0 T C pistol team continued its string of unbroken victories, defeating Oklahoiha University by a score of 1371 to 1346 and Yale by 1371 to 1279 last week. The team has shot seven matches and been victorious in all of them. The individual scoies for the Oklahoma and Yale matches are: Becker—282; Faut—276; Powell—274; Ketterring—271; and Hiipert— 268. Matches are scheduled with Iowa State, Pennsylvania University, and St. Bonaventure College this coming week. Roger Williams Club . . . installed officers of their cabinet on March 3 during the regular church service at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. J. K. Coster, president of the cabinet; B. B. Bowman, tieasurer; Mary V. Bailey, secretary of the c^inet; Wilhs Schalliol, assistant treasurer; James Ford, president of the class; Ivan Beck, vice-president; Eugene Byers, president of the discussion groups; Russ Bain, vice-president; Marda Beth Tedford, class secietary; Bex-yl Bell, president of the Theta Epsilon and Marge Patrick, social hour chairman were the officers installed.
I-M SCHEDULES Friday, March 8 Court 1. Kersey 7 00—Westminster vs Rochdale 7 *16—Dover vs Chauncey Court 2: Britt 7-00—Cary Hall 1-A vs Cary Ilall 16 7:15—Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 1 Court 3 • Welsch 7 00—Luma vs Circle Pines 7 16—Marwood vs Kagawa
to take the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 9. —ARISING.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies. C. F Ebersheffi, 605 Main street.
YWCA: Elections are approaOhing. Check up at office any afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock to see if you have your dues paid in full and are eligible to Vote. Deadline is Friday, March 8 at 6 p. m. —SWANEY, CE 6 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 101 of the civil building Tuesday, March 12, from 4 to 7 p, m. Get permit slips jn CE 102. —TODD.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions Mm. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644 WANTED Wanted—Students to act as substitute carriers of the Exponent. Steady job is possible. Call Ray !^11 3904 between 6:30 and 7:16
ME 31 Conditions: Examination will be held in room 801 of the ME building on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take this make-up should notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, March 23. —MESSERSMITH. C E 41: An examination for the removal of "C” grades will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, 1 to 4 p. m.. Saturday, March 16. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from the undersigned prior to March 18. —GREVE. M E 61 Conditionals: Examination for the removal of conditions in M.E. 61 will be held April 6, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of the mechanical engineering building. AU interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 28 at noon. —MESSBRSMITH,
Round Trip to New York or vicinity during spring vacation. Will leave Lafayette at noon Saturday, March 28. Be back on Sunday, March 31. If interested call 8477. Ask for “Bus ’’
Notices
No notioea will be accepted after 8 p. Bu Thirty-Three Club: No meeting this week. Positively will be a meeting Tuesday, March 12, at 7:80 p. m., in room 807 (old room C) of the Union. This room has been reserved for each Tuesday the rest of the semester. —HECKMAN.
ME 30: A make-up final for men receiving “C” grades in my divisions of M E 30 last term will be given Saturday, March 16 at 1 p m in M E 113 —COPE
Phi Kappa Tau
G E 11, 12: An examination for removal of "C" and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1 p. m. in room 210. Michael Golden Shops Students planning
Aeromodelers' Special meeting Friday, March 8, m the club room of the Union at 7 30- p m to vote on spring contest progiam —HARKER
. social fraternity Phi Kappa Tau announces the pledging of Donald Blanken, Dundee, Illinois, and Frederick Dodds, Chicago.
First You Make a Plan A plan is just as important when you're living on a salary as when you’re building a house. Plan your purchases ahead of time, pay for them weekly, ahead of time, and by the time you need them, you’ll own them outright. No bills to pay or worry about.* And you save all the more by buying for CASH!
the Purdue Exponent ——— ( Service Directory
e School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
e Hardware
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Dine
• Tailor
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Jewelers
FRANK'S PLACE Food You Will Like Reasonable Prices —Always Open— 111 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Good Looks Plus COMFORT! in our ROBLEE SHOES BROWN-BUILT SHOES If there is ever a time to shop for comfort it's when you're buying shoes . . . that's why vye're particularly proud of our Roblee and Brown-Built Shoes . , . because above alj things, they have comfort. Expertly constructed of good, solid leather, they combine good looks with Ipnglasting foot ease.
SATTERFILD’S
524 Main Street
Varsity Show: Tryouts for oichestra to be held at Fowler Hall Wednesday, March 18, at 4:06 p m —SMULEVITZ
New Badminton Club: Meeting Friday, March 8, at 4 p. m. in the women’s gym —SCHRODER
POMM Pledges:.Formal pledging Monday, March 11, at) 5 p. m., in the armory. Bring one dollar for pledge fee. AU active members should be present. Wear formal uniform. —HURST.
Purdue Student Alliance; Room 806 has been engaged for meeting every Tuesday at 8 p. m —SMULEVITZ
WAA Badminton: Sign up on bulletin board in gym for singles tournament by Wednesday, March 13. —SCHRODER,
University Orchestra: Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven Last Words” are scheduled as follows: Sunday afternoon, March If, at 8:80. Tuesday afternoon, March 12, at 4:00. Thursday night, Maroh^4, at 7:16. Saturday afternoon, ffimreh 18, at 2:00. Monday afternoon, Idarch 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Camera Club: No meeting this week, but get plenty of prints in that exhibit by Friday, March 8. Turn them in at the Student Union office —GEPHART. Zouaves: Meeting Monday, March 11, at 4 p m in the amiory to discuss the University of Kentucky trip. It is imperative for all members to be present —HURST
Freshmen and Sophomore Military Students: Sign up immediately in the supply room of the armory for Scabbard and Blade best soldier contest Medals, citations, and merits \jill be awarded Further details will be posted on armory bulletin board —SCHRADER
WSGA Activities Committee: Will the following workers please report to the WSGA office at 4 p m, Friday, March 8: Lois Thompson, Ann Custer,,Betty Elliott, June Goodman, Dons Grannon, Kathryn Leist, Jane Ramsdale, Evelyn Smith, Jeanette Haynes, and Mary Sims —HOUSE
WAA Fencing: There will be a fencing meeting on Friday, March 8, at 4 p m. in the Women’s Gym. —STICKLER.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting Sunday, March 10, at 4:30 p m in room 306 of the Union Plans for Varsity Show to be discussed * —HBTTEMA
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office not later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Engineering Freshmen: ThE bemeBter*B seating assignments of engineering lectures in Eliza Fowler Hall are posted in the main hallway in Michael Golden Shops and will net be posted in any other plao& The engineering lecture this coming Saturday, March 9, will be held in Eliza Fowler HaU. , —KNAPP.
Outing Club: Hike to Happy Hollow for camp fire supper Sunday, March 10, weather permitting Meet in front of fieldhouse at 2 p m For reservation please call Marcile Lang, 2823, Fred Cordua, 36293, George Shawkins 46473, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Saturday noon, March 9 ^ —SHAWKINS
Typists: All those people interested in working for the Student Senate, doing typing for students, meet in room 860 at 4 p. m., Thursday, March 14. —RUSTY.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting 4:80 p. m. Friday, March 8, in room 804 of Union. Short program and free cokes. —SHICKEL.
WAA: Second round of the ping-pong and shuffle board tournament must be played off by Friday, March 8. Schedules are posted in the gym. | —HOLDEN.
Prices! Swept away by our desire to serve our customers with the highest quality foods at the lowest possible prices. Swept away by our desire to make new friends from among our casual acquaintances. Swept away for pour benefit! Now, right this minute, NOT TOMORROW, is the time to come in and stock up on all the good things you will find always at Piggly Wiggly! Remember, it’s an ill wind that blows no one good . . . and the wind which blew Piggly Wiggly’s prices down was a Good Trade Wind for you!
no VINE ST.
WEST LAFAYETTE
Phone 3085
Don't Worry! |ust keep your clothes cleaned and fresh. THEN WORK! The good time will follow! Let American help you.
American Laundry West Side Office 132 Tme SL
as seen
lieilliiOIHlLE
takes the spotlight when hfurls her drama. Crisp touches of . swirling skirts... provocative details <^e impatient to play their roles in capturing a young man’s fancy. For left—Rayon crepe with buttoned-on pinafore effect of white eyelet. Black, navy, copen, aqua. 9 to 15. left—Two-piecer of rayon crepe With white silk pique trim. Black, navy, copen, aqua. 9 to 15. Above—Rayon jersey white new bodice and midriff. Sailing blue, aqua, rose, gray, Ooupy blue. 9 to 17.
LOSB&HfiNKCOMMKV
i M
V 0
I