^5
, y^t^ i-j^ ^'•> ^ ,f'ij-, ! t ^,ji y ^^ »j?! i 1 j, ^> i { j- {t
j4. V yy ^ if I j i {"Vc y j \ ^ i, ^ife5«^«i:jWr» ^ iw V 'W* f»^ 5H>^*A/»)**%^rf-i!¥ «Wfi W «Ai-»«.T JXy. ^ . X '-' « ^ ' -"* •> !„•' ‘ '^1 i ^ ^
^ ^ t./ AC ^ ^ U i >* \s^ iv-t'^ ^ ^
/ (
Purdue
X-t85
r" vi^ An An f* njAponeni
Volume 5L No. Ill
Friday, February 16, 1940
Pan-Hellenic Ball Tonight 2,500 Hear H. C.Wolf6 Explain Europe
Features Music By Zurke
s ^
The annual Woman’s Pan-Hellenic Ball will be held tonight in the south ballroom of the Union Buildin, with dancing continuing from 9 till 12 o’clock. Bob Zurke, swing pianist, and his orchestra will furnish the music for the affair. This dance is the first formal co-ed bid affair of the semester, and is for all
members of Greek-letter sororities. Zurke was named the All-Ameri-can piano player by Paul Whiteman in a recent poll conducted by the Collier’s magazine. Although his orchestra is comparatively new/» Bob has been appearing before the public for over 21 years. Zurke has played with many off the better bands, the last of which was with
Bob Crosby’s orchestra.
Decorations '
Decorations for the dance will consist of a light blue back-drop, with a couple in old-fashioned dress silhouetted against the background. Surrounding the couple will be silver stars standing out from the blue
background.
Programs will have a white leather cover, with a torch in the center. Greek-letters of the sororities will encircle this torch, and the program will be held with a black leather cord. The programs may be secured at the door upon ptesentation of the program stub, which is attached to the ticket. Tickets may be purchased for $2 at all sorority houses, but there will be no tickets sold at the door. Greekletter girls from other campuses are entitled to attend the dance. Pan-Hellenic council members and their dates will attend a formal dinner at 7:30 in rooms 332 and 334 of the Union Building.
Two Purdue Students In Current Pilot Crop Pass C. A. A. Flightiest Two members of the second group of fifty students enrolled in the Civil Aeronautics Authority’s private pilot training course have successfully passed their flight test, according to an announcement from Capt. L. I. Aretz, manager of the Purdue University airport. The two students, who became the first of the 1940 Purdue pilot crop by passing the test adminis1 tered by J. P. Gilmartin, C. A. A. Inspector, are Clark C. Huff of Bremen, and John W. Scot,t of Camden. Several other prospective pilots should be ready to take their flight tests by the middle of March, with others following in rapid fire order as soon as they have reached the desired point of proficiency. An examination in ground work necessary for completion of the requirements for the private pilot license will be given later in the year to the entire class of fifty students. Purdue Branch Of ASME Will Hear F. L. Wilkinson Ford Lee Wilkinson, Jr., dean of engineering at the University of Louisville, will discuss the topic, “Marine Engineering,” before an open meeting of the Purdue Student Branch of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers nei^t Wednesday evening at 7:30 o’clock in Room 207 of the mechanical engineering building. The evening’s program will also in61ude a technicolor film on “Modern Plastics.” At a dinner in the Memorial Union building at 6 o’clock Wednesday, Dean Wilkinson will be the guest of student officers of the ASME and faculty members. De/ta Tau Delta . . . social fraternity, announced the pledging of William Eddy, Evanston, 111.; Tom Stockton, Wyoming, Ohio; Milton Moorkead, Charleston, W. Va.; Herbert Bretilaff, Detroit, Mich.; Paul Ullinann, River Forest, III; Emeraoh Lynn, Elkhart; and Alfred Donnelnh; Chicago, 111.
Illinois Game Tickds
Sold Out; WBAA, WILL
To Broadcast Contest Tickets For Iowa, lU Available Next Week Tickets for the Purdue-Illinois
basketball game here tomorrow night, which finds both quintets nursing title hopes, are no longer available. None will be one sale at game time, it was announced today
by ticket-manager C. S. Doan. “There are no seats of any kind
^eft,” said Doan, “and we want to emphasize the fact that persons who do not already have tickets should not make the trip to the game hoping to make last-minute purchases, for there will be nothing but disap-
pointment available.”
Broadcast ^
Arrangements have been made to broadcast the game by both the Purdue University station, WBAA, and the University of Illinois station, wIlL, starting at 7:30 p. m. The sell-out crowd of 8,500 will be provided with a variety of entertainment. Between halves, the Purdue Men’s Glee Club will present a special program of music, and immediately following the game, the Boilermaker wrestlers will go to the mat with Chicago in a dual meet which all spectators will be invited to stay over and
witness.
Tickets for the remaining games may be obtained at the Fieldhouse, starting Monday for Seniors, Tuesday for Juniors, Wednesday for Sophomores, and ^Thursday for Freshmen. PIA Members To Dance In Ballroom Tomorrow PIA members will dance to the music of Glen Miller recordings at a tea dance sponsored by their organization, tomorrow, from 3 till 5:30 p. m. All PIA members will be admitted free upon presentation of their membership cards, while nonmembers may purchase tickets at the door for ten cents. All co-eds may attend free of charge.
Lecturer Explains Enigma Of Russian Military Reverses By John Traugott In the dark and mysterious “trials” that from 1936 until 1938 purged the USER of Trotskyites, and “traitorous generals and civil leaders” may be found, at least in part, the answer to the stagnation of the Red colossus upon Finland’s Mannerheim defenses today. This was the opinion that Henry C. Wolfe, foreign correspondent and expert on European affairs, who spoke at last night’s' convocation, expressed to the writer in an interview yesterday afternoon. “We have heard a great deal about the many generals who died before the firing squad for alleged treason to the USSR,” Mr. Wolfe explained, “but just as important and just as great £i loss to the government of Russia were the many industrial leaders, intellectuals, professors, and political leaders who were shot.” Poorly Developed Wolfe spoke of the Union of Socialist Soviet Republics as being a poorly developed, backward country that, while making some gains “at a terrific cost” under communism as compared with czarist Russia, it coUld not compare with the enlightened civilization that Finland and other Baltic states had built since the Great War. Finland is very likely to be losing the present war with Russia in spite of newspaper reports to the contrary, Wolfe said. “The Finns are excellent soldiers and a cultured and enlightened people fighting for what was one of the world’s finest democracries, but they lack manpower, 400,000 being their full strength.” Speaking of the present status quo in the Balkan countries, Wolfe said that he believed that Hitler wished it to remain so “that the great supplies of oil, wheat, metal, and other materials of war may continue to dram off to Germany. “Hitler’s wish for peace in the Balkans, however, does not mean that he is willing to sacrifice these materials to get it. It is merely a case of ‘you give it to me, or I come and get it.’ ” Who Will Win? “I am not sure who will eventually win the war; it is quite possible that both sides may fight to a standstill, but the German system IS possibly better equipped to win a long war than Britain.”
Orr/n Tucker Gets Commentator Predicts Long War Highest Rating In Will End In Disaster For Gerndany
Student Prom Pdl Orrin Tucker and Bonnie Baker’s “Johnny” walked off with top honors in the poll for the favorite Prom band conducted recently in the Exponent, according to Prom committee officials. Kay Keyser, Glen Miller, and Hal Kemp were named as second, ithird and fourth choices, respectively, of the student body, and at least one person cast his vote for gramaphone recordings. Another just wanted complimentary tickets. A point rating system was used in selecting the winners, and Prom committee chairman Vprginal Royce stated last night that every effort would be extended to secure one of the first three ranking bands for the Prom although no direct promise could be made. WSGA Will Choose Second Semester Freshmen Members Two WSGA freshman representatives will be elected at the first mass meeting of the semester which will be held on Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Any freshman woman who is regularly enrolled in the University is eligible to petition for an office. The representatives will be elected from those petitioning for the position. All candidates who participated in the elections of last semester may take part in the elections this semester, and may submit petitions. Petitions Each petition should read, “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the WSGA executive board for the second semester of the year 193940.” This statement is to be signed by 25 freshmen women, and must be turned in to Ann Sickman, WRH South, by 11 p. m. on Sunday, February 25. All freshmen co-eds may vote for their representatives upon the presentation of passports at the meeting for elections. Charm School, sponsored by both the YWCA and WSGA, will be held immediately after the election. Professor Robert Horn of the Speech department will address the group on the procedure and etiquette of business interviewing.
"f'lTi Pape, Folks, The Worlds Greatest Artist”
By Phil Johnson , /“I’m Pape, the world’s greatest artist. Da Vinci wasn’t bad, but it took him 14 years to paint one picture; it only takes me 14 minutes,” modestly remarked “Professor” Charles Pape, itinerant painter who is currently touring Greek organisations on the campus for the purpose of bestowing a touch of culture and incidentally to make his sustenance by painting students’ portraits for a nominal fee. Pape says that he has been traveling to all paits of the United States during the past 30 years, during which time he has made portraits of over 600,000 college students. “I’m the only one in the ifvorld doing this kind of work. Anybody can paint old people with a lot of wrinkles, but it takes genius to paint young people.” , Painted Crowned Heads Not only has hd painted thousands of Americans, but he has also t:raveled abroad, an(i made paintings of many international celebrities. “Pm so great that all of the crowned heads of Europe waited
outside of Buckingham Palace so long that their crowns rusted waiting for me to paint their portraits. At one time the King of Spain pawned two of his extra crowns to persuade mfe to paint him.” It seems that genius runs pretty well in the Pape family. The professor remarked while making a portrait, “The Chinese built the Gieat Wall around my great, great, great grandfather in order to keep things quiet while he was painting Confucius.” Three Or None In discussing this Par Eastern trip he stated, “The emperor of China once crawled through a tunnel 800 miles long on his hands and knees, in the mud, just to get me to paint one picture, but would I paint him until I got three orders ? NO! The emperor had to crawl all of the way back to get two more fellows.” Well-known Americans have also sought to be painted by the hand which is so good that Rembrandt and Michelangelo turn over in their graves every time he takes a stroke.
“Even Lindbergh was an admirer of mine. Why he flunked out of the University of Wisconsin waiting in line to be painted,” he remarked. The Smith Brothers of cough drop fame grew their beards waiting in line for him also. Inventor Too He is not only a painter, but an inventor of no mean ability. “Before long,” he prophesied, “I am going to have the Baldwin Locomotive Works at Philadelphia quit making locomotives and begin manufacturing my inventions. Why, the patent office would go out of business without my help,” he added. In addition to a fountain pen paint brush, he has invented a bakelite sock protector, designed to prevent holes in the heels of stockings. “It’s a good thing Edison invented the electric light bulb,” he confldentiallf assured us, “because I was going to invent it the next day.” Also the professor is a distinguished author, having once written a book “How To Conque? The World” which was published in the
Discussing “What Is Happening in the World Today,” Henry C. Wolfe, European lecturer and commentator, told 2,500 convocation attenders last night in the Memorial Gymnasium that he had no fear of a Nazi victory in the current war. “I feel certain that Germany can not win in a military offensive through the west wall. I am not afraid of a Nazi victory at all, but 1^ am afraid of a stalemate war out of which will ultimately^me
Bolshevism in Central Europe.” Agreeing with most commentators, Wolfe said that “fighting going on in Evffope today is an aftermath of the first World War. There was no peace at the end of that war, just an armistice. After this war ends, there must be a real peace, a lasting peace, not a mere armistice awaiting another outbreak of hos-
tilities.”
No Balkan War In connection with the war on the western front being waged by Germany, Wolfe predicted that Hitler would go to great trouble to avert war in the smouldering Balkans. He does not want war at his back door. “He (Hitler) is in the role of a peace maker in the Balkans. Prom the Balkans he gets his raw materials and foods. A war would interrupt this. He will avert it at all
costs.”
Citing the dictator adage of “rule or ruin,” Wolfe suggested that if a secret election were held today in Germany, 76 per cent of the people would not vote for a dictatorship. Russia Winning Turning from the war on the western front to the conflict in northern Europe, Wolfe expressed the belief, contrary to the newspapers, that Russia is probably winning the war in Finland. “It is a war between the world’s most ef^ficient democracy and the world’s greatest dictatorship,” he said. Although the Finns have waged what he called “a tremendously effective war” they are faced with overwhelming manpower and materials. “When a Finn is killed there is no one to take his place.” “The Finns are up against q;ough, capable fighters,’ ” said the speaker, “but they lack leadership.” “If Stalin finds himself stalemated in Finland because of a shortage of generals, he may call on Hitler to supply the leadership. Then wati^ out! With the Russian material and German brains the two would have a tremendously effective power.” Predicted Pact The German-Russian pact came not as a surprise to Wolfe. In 1938, he predicted the pact from information given him by Balkan friends. At that time the German and Russian officers were in communication with each other. “I did not think then that they would fight each other later,” he said. Following the speech Dr. L. Bl. Sears, who introduced the speaker, led an open discussion. Ag Experiment Advisers Meet For Plan Discussion Advisory board of the Agricultural Experiment Station met Thursday with President E. C. Elliott, Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner, and Director H. J. Reed to consider the work of the Experiment Station. Members of the advisory board are Herbert Creighton, Warsaw; Arthur Arnott, Rensselaer; Maurice Douglas, Flat Rock; L. M. Vogler, Hope; W. C. Reed, Vincennes; and R. M. Core, Franklin.
Playshop Lab Group Presents Experiment In Old English Drama Will Feature Excerpts From Six Productions Tonight at 8 o’clock in Eliza
Fowler Hall will be the scene of the fourth Playshop laboratory productions, a group experiment including excerpts from six English dramas. The dramas, presenting five scenes and one complete act, were selected to show the many stages that playwriting has undergone from the fifteenth to the twen-
tieth century.
The productions range from three minutes to one-half an hour, have a complete cast of thirty-four actors, and are directed by student Playshop members. A list of the plays to be presented tonight include scenes from, “The Wakefield Nativity,” directed by Chuck Hart; “Dr. Faustus,” written by Christopher Marlowe, "^hich is directed by Bill Fall; a play of the Elizabethean period, “The Shoemaker’s Holiday,” directed by Joe Martin; “The Provoked Wife,” Dick Pittinger directing; the well-known “School for Scandal,” directed by Harold Mkrtin; and a complete act from “Lady Windemere’s Fan,” written by Oscar Wilde and directed by Ellen Kepner. Prof. R. A. Cordell, member of the English department faculty, revised the plays for production as they will be presented tonight. Gilbert Dunbar Williams is supervising the plays; members of the production staff included Chuck Hart, manager, and Ellen Kepner, assistant manager. Admittance to the plays is by invitation only. Sigma Phi Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men; John Keeler, Dayton, Ohio; Harvie Merrill, Kenosha, Wis.; Charles B. Leber, Pepria, III; and Edward Kieper, Michigan City.
limited edition of only three copies. One of them went to Hitler, one to Mussolini, and the third was lost somewhere in China where the Chinese and the Japanese are still fighting over it. Pictures Immertal “My pictures are immortal,” he boldly stated. “Some day riots and revolutions will be fought over these copies I am making. They will be worth hi^dreds of thousands of dollars apiece.” Latei we got him to admit that he doubted if they endured over a couple of billion years. With his tie hung in a single knot, aitist fashion, and his tuxedo vest drooping slightly, the professor makes a real artistic appearance. “Do you know,” he went on, “that there are no trees at all between Denver and Salt Lake City because they were cut down to make picture frames for my work?” In addition to being a great painter, traveler, author^ inventor, and general all around geniUs, Pape i$ also a magnificent liar, a quality whicli he was much tec modest to
admit.
Co-ed Hours
Special extension of co-ed houra until 12:30 a. m. will be granted to those girls who plan to see a Sunday or week-day evening performance of “Gone With The Wind” next week. Co-edG» must have tickets for Housemother’s inspection, inioediately before leaving fiar the evening. Housemothera will wfite the excuses on the sign-out sheet. AH other girls are to observe the reta- ^ iar co-ed hours of dievmi o’cdocX.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Home Economics Exhibit Features Scar/ett's Gowns And Southern Prints
By Jean Harvey and Calista Creel Yellow and green—Scarlett and Rhett. That’s our cue. Have you seen the “Gone With the Wind” display on the second floor of the Hom^ Economics Building? A demuire Southern belle wearing a typical “Gone With the Wind” dress fairly seems to be floating as she efficiently keeps guard over her sister-fash-ions. Tucked away in one comer of the case is a dusky rose gown adorned with a floral design. Tiny rows of lace around the neck and sleeves add a definite feminine touch while the handy zipper fasterner supplies the necessary touch of modern practicability. Cotton material blossoms forth in the so-called prints of the “OI4 South.” While the girls wear old southern prints with gorgeous, fragile flowers covering their skirts, the gentlemen might look “Gone With the Windish” too by wearing another print with steam boats sailing around their collars. Not only do we predict that co-eds will be wearing Scarlet 0’Har»creations, but also that they will be putting on the Southern belle’s airs via her own Apple Blossom perfume. This perfume comes in a unique container shaped like Scarlett herself. Just to see this cleverly shaped bottle is worth the extra steps it might take. College girls who are continually clamoring for something differentlh sweaters will love the dainty delph blue knitted woolens inspired by Scarlett O’Hara. All these modern adaptations of “Gone With the Wind” fashions are displayed
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club: Election of national president, vice president, and corresponding secretary Friday, February 16, at 4:30 p. m. in reception room of the Union. Have nominations ready. Pledging of new members also. All members urged to be present. ■—SHICKEL. ITAA Class Volley Ball: Games for all class teams Wednesday and Friday, February 14 and 16 at 4 p. m. instead of Thursday, •—^DdOHBIS. Prom Committee: Meet in the Indeiiendent office Saturday, February 17, at 2:80 p, m. —ROYCE. Senior Tactics: War Department training films “Attack” and “The Tactical Employment of Chemical Troops in Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4:10 p. m. on Friday, February 16, and Monday, February 19. Th^e pictures are shown in cjjanection with the course in “Tactics”; attendance is optional. —THOMPSON.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 303, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will bd held ^turday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
PIA Dance Class: First meeting has been postponed until next week. Please watch notice column for time and place. Registration will be continued in PIA office this week. (2-17) —LUTZ. English and Speech Conditions: Ebcaminations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. —MILLER.
Mixed Recreation: Mixed Recreation Friday, February 16, at 7:30 in the women’s gymnasium. Sports offered are volley ball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong. Swimming ten cents for men. Women free. Everybody welcome. —MATHER. Latheran Students: There will be a meeting of the L.S.A. in room B of the Union at 7:16 Monday, February 19. All students interested are invited to attend. —HALL
Delta Bho Kiqipa: Important meeting Wednesday, February 21, in room A of the Union at 4 p. m. Please be there. —ESTEY. Distinguished Howitzer Squad: All Juniors who submitted lists of squads please meet in room 202 at 4:16 p. m. Friday, February 16. To assist in making up the schedules for drill each Junior should find out from Sophomores of his squad all periods from 4-6 and 6-6 p. m. daily in which they are free to attend drills, and have this data at the meeting. . —FAULCONER.
Mixed Recreation; Will be held in the Women’s Gjrm Friday, February 16, starting at 7:30 p. m. Boys must wear rubber soled shoes.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 7:16 p. m. Tuesday, February 20, in room 306 of the Union. —CORNELL.
through the courtesy of Loeb’s Department Store and have been arranged by Miriam Gustafson and Dorothy Kolar. A word to the wise is sufiScient so ihey say. If you aren’t planning to be present at the movie, “Gone With the Wind” at least take a few minutes to look at this interesting exhibit. Allen Will Speak At Third Senior Pei^onnel Meeting The third in a series of four discussions that have been arranged by the Placement Committee of the University will be held next Tuesday, Feb. 20. Mr. W. R. Allen, Director of Personnel of the L. S. Ayres and Company, Indianapolis, will talk to the Seniors on the subject “How To Write Letters of Application.” The talk will be held in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building at 4:00 p. m. I WBAA I
TODAY 11:00—American Institutions — Prol Robert Phillips 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12 :00—Agricultural Forum 12 :16—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Story Time 1:46—Market Reports 2 :00—Parade of Business 2 :30—Magic Carpet 3 :00—West Lafayette High School 3 :46—Afternoon Music 4:00—American Family Robinson 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4 :45—Story Book Hour
Junior Co-eds: Are requested to attend an activities meeting Friday, February 16, in room F of the Union at 4 p. m —CREPPS^ Purdue Aeromodelers: There will be an open meeting in room C of the Union at 8:80 p. m., Friday, February 16. —HARKER.
WSGA Sophomore Office Workers: Report to office at 4 p. m. every afternoon until further notice. (2-17) ' —GAMBLER.
tmA - today-saturday -
W JA COLUMBIA nCTUM - - 1 ■ |- Ti
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
T. EdB« Hor*'’*
Frosh Debate Squad Meets Indiana State Last evening members of the freshman debate squad journeyed to Terre Haute where they met representatives of the Indiana State Teacher’s College freshmen team. The subject'which they discussed concerned the advisability of adopting a policy of isolation by the United States in order to stay ^ out of war. Those debaters making the trip were James Covert and Bill Swager, affirmative; A. Katz and David Barta, negative; and Mr. Robert King, debate coach. One week previous to last night’s debate, other members of the squad went to DePauw and Wabash where they engaged the teams of these schools. The next opponent scheduled is Indiana.
Bull Session
Conference
... of the North Central States’ Entomologists will be held at the University March 21 and 22. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department will be in general charge of the affair. The president and several past presidents of the National Pest Control Association will attend the meetings. Dr. Carl W. Gay . . . will be the principal speaker at the annual Sirloin banquet sponsored by Hoof and Horn, honorary animal husbandry fraternity, on Monday night at six o’clock in the Home Economics building. Both regular and winter course students majoring in animal husbandry are invited to attend.
Varsity Baseball: All varsity baseball men report to the fieldhouse Monday, February 19, at 4 p. m. —FEHRING.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report on Saturday, February 17, by schools as follows: A-E, room 101 Michael Golden Shops; F-Le, room 264 EE Building; Li-R, room 129 EE Building; S-Z, room 201 CE Building. —KNAPP.
Classified Ads
FOR SALH FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 167 Pierce, Phone 76634.
Basketball: Open practice at 4 p. m. Friday, February 16. At 6 p. m Alpha Xi vs. Wards 2 and 4 and Team 2 of WRH, West vs. Thaeles. —BRITTON.
LOST—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No. 661,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Found. No questions. Reward.
Reamer Club: Pledge Smoker will be held Monday, February 19, at 7 :30 p. m. in tJie Faculty Lounge of the Union. All actives be there and on time. —REILEY.
All Purdue Students and Faculty: Christian living discussion and talks each evening starting Sunday, February 18, and continuing till February 26, inclusive. West side Methodist Church. —PIERCE
Flying Club: The club’s picture for this year’s Debris will be taken at the airport on Sunday, Februaiy 18, at 3 p. m. Please be prompt. —KIMBALL.
Co-eds: All women students participating in the National Intercollegiate 'Telegraphic Swimming Meet meet in the WAA office on Friday, February 16, at 4:30 p. m. —SPEARS.
ROTC Boxing Finalists: Officials and contestants in the military department boxing finals-on Friday, February 16, are to report to the ring in the field house promptly at 6:30 p. m. Contestants must present physical examination form prqperly completer by the Student Health Service. —LARR.
mm WITH THE f INH
IN TECHNICOLOR
STARTS SATURDAY MORNING FEB. 17 For night shows all seats are reserved. Tickets are now on sale. Matinees will be usual continuous performances with no reserved seats. Come anytime from 10:00 a. m. up to 2:30 p. m. and see a complete show exactly as shown at its famed Atlanta Premiere. BUY RESERVED SEATS NOW BOX OFFICE OPEN 9 A. M. to 9 P. M. — Phones 69\5-69\4-^ • GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE • NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All Seats Reserved $1.10 Inc. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. Continuous Not Reserved 75c Inc. Tax While this engagement is limited this production will not be shown anywhere except at advanced prices—at least until 1941.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
Editor’s Note: Letters published in this column are the opinion of the person snhmitting.them and do not necessarily r^resent the policy of the Exponent. Students submitting letters should sign their names but they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be turned in at the Exponent box at tfie west Union desk. Of course we realize that the coeds probably get kind of cold with nothing but thin silk stockings to keep their legs warm, but in the name of common sense can’t they wear something besides these silly knee length “tliingamabobs” that they try to pawn off on the rest of tlie campus for stockings. Of eburse we learned (we forget where) that one should never offer destructive criticisms unless we had an idea as to what might be done to make the situation better. At this point we have to admit that we are not completely in favor of our own ideas but we do think that they offer a solution which is perhaps better than the existing conditions. Suggestion number one involves adopting those little gadgets that the marines wear. I’m not real sure —one could find out by writing to Washington, but it really doesn’t matter what they are called. They are quite a bit warmer and they certainly couldn’t look any worse. We really don’t care if they wear boots. In fact we like boots. But if worst comes to worst and the co-eds don’t have anything to wear except those long “whatchemacallits,” perhaps the eds could take up a collection for the aid of frost bitten girls. Personally we would rather freeze than be seen in the darn things and we do mean freeze. T. 0. Y. B. H. W. I-M Schedules
Friday, FebruaTty 16 BASKETBALL Court 1: Welsch 7:00—Boilermakers vs Rattlers 7:16—Panthers vs Buckeyes 8:00—Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12 8:16—Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 14 Court 2: Kersey 7:00—Rams vs Aggies 7:16—^Eagles vs Bulldogs 8:00—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 6 8:16—Ward 12 vs Ward 26 Court 3: Aronson 7 :00—Hoosiers vs Tigers 7 :16—^Yanks vs Wildcats 8:00—Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 2 8:16—Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 9
, “Somebody should tip off the sucker he can’t beat that machine —besides who’s he think he is, monopolizing it all evening?”
TbiwA.
Senior women were victorious over the sophomores in the first round of the class volleyball tournament Wednesday, while the freshmen defeated the junior class team. Tonight at 4 o’clock, two more class games are scheduled: seniors vs. sophomores, and freshmen vs. juniors. —^waa— The success of mixed recreation having been proved by the unusually good attendance last Friday even-
ing; the Women’s Gym will again be host to eds and co-eds interested in swimming, badminton, shuffleboard, and volleyball. The only charge is ten cents for men who Wish to swim. To participate in the other sports, tennis shoes are necessary. Albert P. Stewart . . . University musical director, will discuss musical appreciation before YWCA members next Wednesday, February 21 in the Music Room of the Union at 4:00 p. m. The discussion is open to all students.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— AND — "WITNESS VANISHES' — WITH — EDMUND LOWE
— ALSO —
LAFAYETTE —LAST TIMES TODAY—
NADS STARTS TOMORROW MAKE WAY FOR THE FIGHTIN'EST CREW THAT EVER BLAZED INTO ACTION!
JAMES
CACNEV
O'BRIEN GEORGE BRENT
JEFFREY LYNN’AIAN HAIE-FRANK McHUGH DENNIS MORGAN • DIGK FORAN LAST DAY
JANE WITHERS — IN — 'HIGH SCHOOL'
UaiiI thfniurrn'iri' ' i'ii"‘iiPi r'hiiliiiiir'"■iaiaMB TODAY - TOMORROW D 0 UBLE FEATUR E The four most' dangerous men alive— Modern Musketeers Crusading for Jusficel THE
SECRET
BASID ON TNE NOVU "FOUR JUST MEN" BY EDGAR WALLACE WITH FRANK LAWTON • ANNA LEE GRIFFITH JONES IT'S FIRST RUN — PLUS — Meet
_ America** New King «f SwUoil PAYNE JANE WYMAN WAUBtCAIlEfT EDBROPHYJ” 1)
:
m
Friday, Febraory 16, 1940
£xfuHmnL fiaqsi
/
Defeated By ChicagOf Tankmen Point Taward Indiana Meet Although the Boilermakers showed vast improvement in every department, the University of Chicago swimmers eked out a 46 to 38 victory over them last Wednesday night up in the Windy city. Led by Captain Johnny Graham and sophomore Dick Kratzer, Coach Papenguth’s tankmen made an ex-^
cellent showing against the Maroons. Graham, after being barely nosed __ out for fir^t honors in the 220 yard free style event, captured the 440 with Smith, Boilermaker sophomore, finishing second. Kratzer and Herr took one-two honors ip, 4he loo yard free style sprint and Kratzer lost a photo in the 60 yard event. Herr, Branner, Harris, and Kratzer turned in their best time of the season, 3:49.6, in winning the free style relay finals to the eve-
ning’s card.
Indiana Here Tomorrow Attention is now directed to the dual meet with Indiana in the Fieldhouse at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon. Although somewhat hampered by illness, the Boilermakers are pointing to victory in this, what is bound to be, a nip and tuck tussle. Experience and confidence, two qualities .naturally to be found lacking on a squad composed mainly of sophomores such as this, has gradually
been attained.
Summary of events: 300 yd. Medley Eelay—1st, Chioago, (Caprt. Anderson, Jordan, Leach). 2n(i, Purdue. Time 3.^3.8. 220 yd. Free Style—1st, Stein (C); 2nd, Argali (C); 3rd, Graham (P). Time 2:26.2. 60 Yd. Free Style—1st, McCollum (C); 2nd, Kratzer (P); 3rd, Luckhardt (C). Time 30.8. Diving—1st, Brown (C); 2nd, Parkas (P); 3rd, Bernhardt (C).
100 Yd. Free Style—1st, Krjatzer (P); 2nd, Herr (P); 3rd, McCol-
lum (C). Time 66.3.
150 Yd. Back Stroke—1st, Stem (d); 2nd, Jordan (C); 3rd, Kusko
(P). Time 1:43.6.
200 Yd. Breast Stroke—1st, An-
derson (C); 2nd, Bethke (C); 3rd,
Tmgley (P). Time 2:34.7. 440 Yd. Free Style—>lst, Graham
(P); 2nd, Smith (P) ,* 3rd, Borbjerg
(C). Time 5:24.
440 Yd. Relay — 1st, Purdue (Herr, Branner, Harris, Kratzer); 2nd, Chicago. Time 3:49.6. Model Club Will Exhibit New Type Planes Tonight Tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union the Model Airplane Club will sponsor a demonstration of the methods of preparation and uses of microfilm. Microftlm, as its name indicates, is an exceedingly thin, transparent plastic. It is used as covering for model airplanes proving durable despite its thinness and light weight. Planes made with microfilm weigh as little as 1 /26 of an ounce after complete assemblage. The demonstration of this interesting material will be given by Jim Cahill, vice-president of
the club.
X (
CANADA DRY Ginger Ale - Lime Rickey Tom Collins - Sparkling Water
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
i 1
WE APPRECIATE
YOUR
BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
Oouhla, diaadsA. SaliL Suit or Topcoat $15.95 Former Prices $22.7S Suits Single or Double Breasted Ti^opcoats Single Breasted New Colors All Sizes Buy now and SAVE! KING THE CLOTHIER . LAFAYETTE, IND.
^loMoh\. Qhoiai By Robert J. Deckard DID YOU KNOW THAT ...
. . . Noble Hannon, negro Golden Glove finalist who fights Jim Welsch, Purdue boxer in the heavyweight division and also a finalist next Wednesday night, was a freshman in the University agriculture school last semester? . . . Hannon, a Jefferson high school product, dropped out of school at the end of the semester. 0,—fo— ... Bobby Jones, considered to be the king of golfers, once drove a golf ball two miles? . . . Several years ago Jones socked The sphere down the frozen Hudson River in New York State for thOit distance. . . . The ice oflfering very little resistance to the ball, explains why he could do it. —^fc— . . . Athletes i^ the Western Conference were given a total of $194,497 during the 1938-39 school year as financial aid, with the total of $3,633,039.32 coming in as scholarships, loans, and salaries earned from campus jobs, according to a report compiled by the Big Ten athletics commissioner. Major John L. Griffith? —fc— . . . Indiana’s Crimsonites, current co-leaders with Purdue in the Big Ten conference basketball flag chase, is considered by a majority of mid-west net experts the favorite to win the championship? ... Why? . • . They believe that the ‘TU quintet has its best balanced team in years and has a better break in the remainder of its schedule” .... Horseshoes! —^fc— ... Frank W. Erner, prexy of the Greenskeeping Superintendents’ Association of America thinks sand traps are silly. His contention is that the game should be given back to the 85 per cent of America’s three to five million golfers who have trouble breaking a 100 . . . Taking the sand trap out of the game will give some of the fairway manicurists a break, Erner said.
mini Team Menaces Riveter Title Hopes
Boilermakers Meet Two Squash Teams At Home Tomorrow / Riveter squash players are to clash with two visiting teams or racqueteers tomorrow afternoon on the Fieldhouse squash courts. One of the teams to furnish competition for the Boilermakers hails from the Dayton YMCA. The other opponent has its home base at Wright Field, and according to advance reports, will invade the campus from th^ air and land at the Purdue Airport. Captain Eberhard, Morley, Blessing, Monroe, Mann, and possibly others, will uphold the Boilermaker end of the contests. Both meets should be quite interesting and closely fought since in earlier contests with the same opponents, the Gold' and Black players suffered a close defeat and won just as close a victory, beating the airmen by a score of 3 to 2 and losing to the Dayton team by the same score. ROTC Boxers Fight Final Bouts Tonight Finals in the military department’s annual boxing tournament will be held tonight on the big floor of the Fieldhouse. The bouts will begin promptly at 7:00 p. m., so that they will not interfere with the Pan- „ Hellenic Ball. A number of the battlers have been turning out every evening for advanced instruction from Sergeant “Punchy” Maxwell. There will be seven bouts of three twominute rounds. Two bouts were halted in the third round last year, with Farkas winning over Watzich and Landers getting the decision over Davis. The fighters are to be on hand on the big floor of the Fieldhouse at 6:30 tonight, with their mec^cal ^ certificates.
Atsaboy, Erner . . you on that!
. . We’re with
Northwestern University has a special foundation for the financing of efforts to promote international peace.
Dramatic evening dresses. Glamourous adaptions of clothes worn in "Gone with the Wind”
PRINTED EVENING DRESSES jor Dining and Dancing
Exotic prints covering the shoulders . . . right for dining as for dancing. Turnabout dresses with removable jackets. Exquisite shiifons, tafetas, tulles, rets, jerseys. $16.95
Style Center of Lafayette
113 N. 4th Si.
Defense Strengthened To Stop Hapac • As Big Ten Darkhorse Invades Town • ^ Going into the Illinois tussle with the idea of making the top spots of the Big Ten ladder safe for Hoosier basketball, the Boilermaker net forces will face Doug Mill's unpredictable Blini quintet on the Fieldhouse hardwood tomorrow night. The lads from Champaign are at the present the only team which has been able to stay within one game of the league leaders, and a Boilermaker victory would leave Piggy’s boys with only Indiana as serious competition for the conference crown.r
mini Unpredictable So far this season the Orange and Blue five’s endeavors have been strictly off and on. Before the Big Ten proceedings got under way the mini were picked to end up among the first three, but for their first several games showed anything but championship form. They opened up with a tough 36-34 loss to Indiana and then proceeded to lose to a seemingly weak Ohio State five. Although the varsity basketball game will highlight tomorrow’s program in the Fieldhouse, there will be plenty of other action to keep the fans occupied the entire evening. According ta present plans the Glee Club will sing between the halves of the game and the wrestling team will go into action after the game in a match with Chicago. Probably the worst blow to invaders pride this year was the smashing defeat dealt them by Notre Dame a few weeks ago. Earlier in the season they had conv pletely annihilated the Irish when the two met in one of the opening games at Champaign. Hapac Here The big attraction of the game tomorrow night will, of course, be the visitor’s captain. Bill Hapac. The former Chicago high school star made himself the talk of the conference basketball circles last week when he set a new Big Ten record of 34 points in one game. Bill IS also the pace setter of the individual scoring race with 85 tallies to his credit in 5 tilts. Boilermaker coach. Piggy Lambert, has been running hi^ charges through several intensive scrimmages lately with special emphasis being placed on defense, and particularly in stopping Hapac. The Riveters, who are tied with Northwestern for the best conference defensive records, will be out to show the net fans that they not only know how to swish the leather through the draperies themselves, buj; are very adept at keeping their opponents from doing the same.
The Boilermaker lineup for tomorrow’s game is still somewhat indefinite and will probably remain so till the teams take the floor. Beretta is a sure starter at guard, and he and either Fisher or Yeager will hold down the defensive posts. In case Fisher starts at guard, BJanken will be shifted to center, and Sprowl and Igney wiU be at the forward spotst On the other hand if Don starts at his usual place at center. Piggy will pick his forward line from the above-mentioned trio. Cary Hall 11 Takes Ward Swimming Splashing to victory with a safe margin of 13 points. Carry Hall 11 won the ward swimming meet in the F^ldhouse pool last night with a total of 27 points. Cary Hall 1 trailed for second place with 14 points, and Cary Hall 4 took third with 12. Results of the individual events are as follows: 50 yard free style, Carney, Cary Hall 11, first; Horn, Cary Hall 1, second; Shaw, Ward 8, JSBorq prmC qOI ipjini^ stroke, Williamson, Cary Hall 11, first; McCay, Cary Hall 4, second; McCammon, Cary Hall 13, third; time, 1:6.9. 200 yard free style, Horn, Cary Hall 1, first; Williamson, Cary Hall 11, second; Dmmer, Cary Hall 4, third; time, 2:37.8. Back Stroke In the 100 yard back stroke, Shaw, Ward 8, took first; Pier, Cary Hall 1, second; Christian, Cary Hall 11, third; time, 1:7.3. 100 yard free style, Carney, Cary Hall 11, first; Horn, Cary Hall 1, second; Yoimg, Ward 5, third; time, :65.7. Weinshenker, Cary Hall 4, placed first in diving with 25 points; Christian, Cary Hall 11, second wih 24; and Hickman, Carry Hall 2, third with 10. In the 200 yard relay, Cary Hall 11 placed first and Cary Hall 4 second with a time of 1:49.
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. Study Under a Nationalhr Known Instructor—P. M. Allen Graduate Chalif Russian School N. Y. City (President of Chicago Ass'n of Dancing AAasters Past Five Years.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens Thurs. Feb. 29th THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOIR. 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
GOOD AND HOW!
This is a real brea<l« It's got a flaky, gorgeous crust and textrous light, gleaming white body. So good! Try a loaf today— you'll note the difference at the first succelenf mouthful.
Graves’ quality Bakery ! Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and SororiHes^■ft-
i^Kr * ^ ■ ;
l^‘'‘
p®
the PtJRDtJE EXPONENT
Friday. February 16. 1940 (||
But
By Serge' In oiu’ more depressed moments, we sometimes mytter into our beard about the food that we have to put up with, comparing it unfavorably with that served to Stinkovitch, the pet porker of Grand Duke Boris, which we used to see in the Old Countree, However, we have never faired so badly as the men did that came here to a convention last week. We were amazed at their constitutions when we saw in the weekly University Bulletin ... Ready-Mixed Concrete Dinner — South Ballroom. * * ♦ It must have lain heavy in the stomach. We can imagine overhearing, “I like mine with a dash of sand,” or “Let’s hurry and eat, before things get hard,” or “Please pass the pick.” We say, “Thanks, all we want is a small glass of water.” H: 44 DEPARTMENT OF DRAMA, Commercial Division The scene is a country lane on a beautiful moonlight night. Underneath the star-filled sky a boy and a girl sit in a parked car. For a time they gaze at the myriads in the deep blue heavens, enchanted by the loveliness of the spring night. The yellow moon smiles benevolently upon them as it sets. The balmy breeze caresses the girl’s cheek as it wafts the perfumes of the night to the young lovers, recalling each to the nearness of the other. He takes her in his arms and kisses her ten-
Purdue Exponent
tt. E. iMley Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Easiness Manager D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managiiigr editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schiliing, co-ed editor; R.. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are' written by the editorisU director. Sintered os second class matter at the post oiBeo la Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Congreaa of March S, 1879, and at tha speoiBl rate of postage providod for hi section 1108, act of Octolm 8. 1017, authorised January tO, 1928. Published daily except Monday daring the reimlar academic year and weekly during the Snmmer Seeaion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per ydar, mall aub> ■crilition $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ' . 1,1 ■ I Night Editor, Heiple Ass’t. Nighty Editor, Skallemp. Day Editor, Carroll Friday, February 16, 1940.
derly. At length he says, “Darling, you’re so lovely that )you take my breath away.” She says —- “That’s because I use Priscilla Parker's, the BREATH CORRECTING LIPSTICK. Since we can’t chew gum incessantly nor carry mouth wash in our hand bags, p^e smart girls now use tWs. For further details, see last Wednesday’s Exponent.” • Pardon us while we go elsewhere, quickly. Oui’ Mr. Henderson has just rushed in and blurted out that the Exponent Advertising Manager is out looking for us, brandishing a mean-looking knife. Followed closely by Priscilla herself.
be able to prove that the South won the war . . . morally ... P and P
footnotes
Here are a few notes taken at an exchange lecture given by our favorite English prof.. Doc McKee: “Isn’t that true, Mr. Greenwood?-— Do you think that impossible, Mr. White ?—Don’t you agree with that, Mr, Greenwood?—Do you not agree with me, Mr. White ? Is my reasoning not correct, Mr. McQuillan ? Maybe that’s why his classes are interesting—^you can have your say about anything . . . —B&B— The rnodern way of sending a valentine telegram to the girlfriend has its knocks because you j can’t put in what you want to say. Here is a telegram that was sent to some co-ed by her loving boyfriend who got around although the girl had to . stay up half the night reading it: ....Prepare pyrotechnics, pertinent, Purdue plenipotentiary, paramount pereginating paladin, presents paleographic parable per preference per pretty, predominical, petulant, placid, pleasing Pat. Profanity prohibited. Peroration. Pianissimo. — Pause—Pucker—Pause. Preemptingly plutocrat, Poo. —B & B— We received a contrib from a “Sc ’41” person who, very emphatically, feels very, very bad about the Coop-er-Schickler affair. We print an excerpt from the contrib which should make the two people fall all over again: “They don’t know how lucky they are—getting to go around with each other, or do they, and just don’t care? Anyway, I hope they wake up.” . . . “they're such nice people” . . . :
By Chuck Hart “All I want is 24 hours of bliss!” said Miss Elaine Barrie to John Barrymore . . . and Miss Barrie was back in the feminine lead of “My Dear Children’.. a presentation that made all Chicago (some Purdue!Engineers on inspection trips, too) laugh at an otherwise unfunny show .... John Barrymore is back in New York on the stage for the first time in seventen years . . . . Broadway is happy to see the prodigal son returned . . . and the fatted calf is already cooking to the tune of advance ticket sales. F and P “Gone With the Wind>” source of ^untold speculation and curiosity for several years has finally come within the bounds of reality for local theatre-goers .... We have heard from several “usually reliable sources” that it is equalled by no other movie yet released from Hollywood . . . . Go see it! . . . It will provide you with four hours of supreme entertainment, and—^if you should happen to take that side of the argument—you will definitely
Speaking of the South reminds us of the former southern belle . . about whom the whole campus will soon be aware . . . she has the lead in “Seventh Heaven” . . . she’s a student of chemistry has auburn hair ... a mellow voice . . . As for former theatrical experience, she stole the show from the governor of West Virginia, once . . . newsreel audiences laughed hilariously to see a little girl ran in front of the governor to pick up a handkerchief she had dropped ... her name is—romantically enough—J uanita
Sebum. P and F
Unusual entertainment will greet Lab Group’s Friday night invitational audience . . . stage effects will be gained by lighting . . . and costumes will be draped . . . Amdng the funnier scenes is one called the “Provoked Wife” . . . in which a man impersonating a woman not only makes the audience laugh, but also the rest of the cast... he only weighs about two hundred pounds . . . another scene of interest is the one between Dr. Paustus (in the play of that name) and Mephistopheles . . . Dr. Paustus sells his soul to the devil for several items including a glimpse of Helen of Troy ... who wouldn’t ?
Two Lonely Members ... of the Purdue Independent Association turned out for a “great mass meeting" with themselves and the PIA board when the constitution of that organization was amended at an evening meeting earlier this week. Some 1,000 PIA members will be tnore or less aflfected by the changes, but not even an extra chair was required to seat those two curious members
who showed up for the meeting.
We don’t object to the constitutional changes; they are quite practical and will better integrate the organization. We were a little surprised at the lack of interest which members apparently exhibit in PIA., Most members, naturally, are most interested in the three dances and dozen tea dances which they get each year for their dollar. More than this is the latent power of organization which could be available to PIA members, but it is usually ap-
parent only at election-times.
The constitution changes provide that the PIA representative from the Women’s Residence Halls, Cary Hall, and the Student Co-dp-erative Association shall have full voting power with other board members on all questions except in the appointment of new board members in the spring. These representatives are elected by their constituents and not by past board members; hence they will not be privileged to vote on neW board members. They serve for one year, until their group appoints
a successor or re-elects them.
These new board members, Vincent Hruby
frdni Cary Hull, Bonnie Hixon from the Wdnlen’s Bqsidfence Bails, and Jean Plummer from the SGA, are elected to inform their -^oupB bt PIA abilities; arid to keep PIA infotteb cbnceming thbir own group activities which would be of interest to the parent organization. Another amendment provides that any measure may be passed by a majority vote of those present without necessitating a vote of all association members. Also, the duties of the secretary are more clearly defined in the amended constitution) arid it is state^ that the co-ed executive miist be a. senior. Announcement of thiS^meeting was iriade in the Exponent notice column. Perhaps a better turn-out, would have been obtained if a story had been turned in for front-page publication. Although not of vital importance to all 1,000 members, the aniendmerits have a significance in that the thre^ largest independent groups now have direct voting representation on the board. The Purdue Independent Association is a worthwhile organization on the campus, and many serious workers may be found in the PlA office almost any afternoon. In April P’lA will be host to delegates from independent organizations all over the country at the National Independent Student’s Association convention here. , Membership in PI A means a few dances to most members, and political organization at election-times to a lesser number. Perhaps an open-house in the Union ballroom, a series of discussion groups similar to the fraternity dis^ cussion tournament, and open meetings of common concern would introduce more Pli^ members to each other and serve to integrate the members into an organization which would have a definite meaning to all concerned.
fikeA, £dUA, By fiank MiUer
Tonight: Ripley debuts his new show at 9:30 through WBBM and will tell the story behind the Panama Canal.. . Lucille Manners will sing “O Lovely Night,” “With All My Heart,” and “Smoke Gets In Your Eyes” on the Cities Service concert at 7 on WMAQ . • . “And There Was Light” is the title of the First Nighter presentation at 8:30 on WBBM ... Memphis salutes Admiral Byrd at 10:30 on NBC-Red. —e-e— “This Amazing America” will debut tonight at 7 ov^r WLS with Bob Brown as Master of ceremonies, ri’he Ranch Boys, popular vocal trio, and the orchestra under the direction of Roy Shields will supply the music. The show is designed to ac^quaint Americans with the country they live and travfel in and will pick
out places of historical or geographical interest. —e-e— For quite some time now, there has been quite a feud between Ransom Sherman and Garry Moore on the job of emceeing the Glu6 Matinee broadcasts which comes through WENR Ransom^herm^ daily at 3 p. m. This intense rivalry has come to a temporary conclusion since “Rans” has asked Moore to sub for him today w:hile he is visiting Jack Frost (Howard Nelson of the Jack Frost Carnival)
Go-Eds-
You’U LEAD THE PARTY in American’s Fine-Cleaning! It will put YOU in the FRONT.
Phone 3085
For dinner pleasure at its height— A thrill in every dish and bite— A present to your appetite—Just try a dinner here, tonight! TOM’S ARMORY RESTAURANT
0
1/
Don’t Waste Time
Why should you lose part of an enjoyable evening by walking from one place to another? Let our courteous drivers call and “whisk” you and your date to the dance.
CALL
5023
miow CAB
at Fargo, N. D., today. Sherman will get his chance to check up on Moore, however, in a pick-up from Fargo during the broadcast. On The Band Concert ' Glen Miller, ace Bluebird batoneer who rose to the fore of bandom on a wave of crashing brass and thunderous rhythm, has delivered a jolt to swingdom’s ultra-conserv-ative traditions Math recordings of two waltzes—^“Beautiful Ohio” and “Missouri Waltz.” Charlie Barnet has followed tip his Bluebird success of “Cherokee” with “Comanche War Dance.” . . . Bob Zurke, Victor’s “Tom-Cat of the Keys,” calls his vocalist, Evelyn Poe, the “Cat’s Canary.” Zurke is playing for Pan-Hel tonight.
■if
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6r Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tin Shop
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
Outfitters for Fraternities and ^rorities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
• Jewelers
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dine
• Tailor
COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5e PIE SOUP COfFU 56
" ) ' SPARRENDAHt Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th . and Ferry Sli. ^
m