i-»»Froin All Fronts-^ Todae/s Summary Of War News Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright. 1«40. Chicago Daily News, Inc Bengasi is being evacuated by at least a part of its Italian garrison, R. A. P. pilots reported to Cairo yesterday. The British were closing in on Oheren, railroad town in Eritrea. ♦ * * Marshal Petain has failed to accept the terms offered by Laval, backed by the Germans, it was indicated in Vichy yesterday as Administrator Jean Darlan left by special train for Paris to resume negotiations.
Press Attacks “After days of press attacks against America, which is described as a dictator’s country being led to war by an alliance with the AngloSaxon elements with the Jews, the Fascist university students were put into the streets of Rome this morning,” radios John T. Whitaker. :)< l|< >l< A message to the German people from Wendell Willkie, broadcast by the British, is received in the Reich “only with contempt,” semioflScial sources in Berlin asserted. Willkie has left Lisbon en route to New York. * * * The exiled Belgian government has filed suit in New York to attach $260,000,000 in French funds held there. The Bel^an contention is that a like sum in gold was entrusted to the Bank of France and efforts to recover it have proved futile. * * * Warrior Didn't Err German women, radios David M. Nichol, who worry about their menfolk in France, are told “there is nothing to the story of the warrior from the north who succumbs to the charms of the deceiving siren.” * ♦ * The threat of reprisals by Ethiopian tribesmen on the civilian Italian population quartered in their land continues to disturb London. In taking measures to assure their safety, cables William H. Stoneman, the British are considering means of dealing with the Fascist authorities. Student Co-ops Elect Officers At Meeting student Co-op Association officers were newly elected at a meeting Wednesday evening and they inclQde: Larry Meyers, president; Don Grant, vice-president; Helen Porter, secretary; and Joe Wiggins, treasurer. A series of meetings consisting of open forums discussing co-ops was announced. The annual S. C. A. dance will be held in both ballrooms of the Union on February 16, 1941 and Irv Given’s orchestra will provide the music. The Midwest College Co-opera-tives will convene on the Purdue campus on Saturday and Sunday, March B and 6. The convention will feature a business meeting, dance, and a banquet. 3.r.
JSttf/tf Stncm
Volume 52, No. 107
Wegt Lafayette, Indiana
Fridoy, Februory 7,1941
Dr. Ralph Sockman ToSpeakAtConvo
Childs To Play For Cary Club Tonight
Sorority Women Hear Michigan Dean
Sunday morning, Feb. 9, the Religious Convocation will bring to the campus Dr. Ralph W. Sockman. His sermon will be “The Drama of Deliverance.” In addition, Albert P. Stewart will lead the University Choir of 260 voices in several songs. Dr. Sockman is pastor of Christ Church in New York City and has written many books, the latest of which, “Live for Tomorrow,” came from the MacMillan presses a year ago. As a lecturer, this prominent preacher has many calls. This Friday he will address a large group In New York City, and after his serman at the Music Hall he will journey to Chicago, where he will be the principal speaker at the famous ' Sunday Evening Club of that city.
Successor"
After the death of Dr. S. Parks Cadman, considered one of the greatest preachers of his generation, Dr. Sockman became his successor on the Radio Pulpit program. He and Dr. Fosdick speak alternately on Sxmdays at 9 o’clock. The scheduled speaker is a graduate of Columbia University, holding degrees of B.A., Ph.D., D.D., and L.L.D., and is one of the most popular visiting preachers on the religious convocation series, d.w.o. 24 Students To Hear Somerset Maugham W. Somerset Maugham, British author now in the United States, Avill address a selected group of 24 ■ University students under 24 years of age sometime during the second week in March, according to a letter recently received by Prof. R. A. Cordell of the ilnglish department. Although Maugham rarely speaks in public, he offered to talk to such a group because of his deep interest in American college students. He will visit Lafayette as a guest of Prof. Cordell, who wrote a biography of the famous novelist and playwright published in 1937. Maugham was born in 1874. His novel “Liza of Lambeth” first won him fame by shocking late-Victor-ian England. Since then he has written many novels, short stories and plays, best known of which is probably “Of Human Bondage,” familiar to most University students. Later well-known works are “Cakes and Ale” and “The Circle,” a drama. Selection of the 24 students who will hear Maugham will be made by Prof. Cordell. Students less than 24 years old who are interested in Maugham’s works and acquainted with some of his writings are invited to see Prof. Cordell and ask to be considered for the group, a.
Many Hd^ppy Returns
By Jane RamSdell Along with Valentine’s Day, Washington’s birthday and Lincoln’s birthday, the month of February brings us the birthday of our Purdue Memorial Union. It was exactly 19 years ago today that final approval was given, after 2 years of work by the Union committee, to the plans for the Union building. Before any architectural work was done a survey was made of both material and social needs of the student at that time and calculations of the needs of the student for the next ten years were made. Puddles , Early in 1021 Pond and Pond, who designed the Union at Michigan, set out to plan an ideal Union for Purdue. A survey of the University community was made so that the structure could be designed so as to “typify” the spirit of Purdue. Ground was broken officially on June 3, 1922, at a special ceremony of Gala Week. The building was complete and ready for use at the
opening of school on September 8, 1924, after lack of funds had twice interrupted work in the falls of 1922 and 1923. Since that Pall of 1924 the Union has seen many changes not only on the campus but in itself. Improvements of the interior from time to time have added to the attractiveness and utility of the building. Still More A movement for an addition was started in 1936 and after receiving the approval of 3,000 students in 1936 the project was undertaken. Students who were here on campus will remember the grand opening on January 31, a year ago, of the new addition, climaxed by a dance at which T. Dorsey furnished the music. Putting its value over the two million-dollar mark, the Union was doubled in facilities. Included in the new opening were additions to the cafeteria, sweet shop, bowling alleys, the residence wing, and many new student offices.
ROTC Offers Classes Sigma Xi Sponsors In Code, Radio Work Meteorology Lecture
The Military Department is now offering code and radio instructions each evening, excluding Saturday and Sunday, from four until six. Special attention will be given to the army tactical nets. The instructions are open to all students, whether taking Military Training or not. During the spring, tactical radio nets will be established, and students will operate SCR 161 and 194 radios, simulating actual tactical situations. All interested students should see Sergeant A. A. Allen this week if they desire to participate, e.m.s. Newman Club . . . members and their friends will attend a radio dance after the basketball game tomorrow night in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Since this is the first activity of the club for the semester, the program has been arranged to help all those attending to become acquainted. On Sunday morning after the 9:30 mass at St. Mary’s, the first Communion breakfast will be held.
By Dr. Horace Byers Sigma Xi, research fraternity, held an open meeting last night in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30. Dr. Horace R. Byers, of the Institute of Meteorology at the University of Chicago addressed the group on “Meteorology In Our Defense.” Dr. Byers has worked many years in this field. He received his B. A. from the University of California in 1928, and his Ph. D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and was later employed by the Daniel Guggenheim Fund for the promotion of aeronautics in organizing Snd operating a model airway weather service in California. Dr. Byers was research assistant at both Scripps Institute of Oceanography, and M. I. T., and an instructor in meteorology for Transcontinental and Western Air, Inc. Professor Fred L. Serviss and children wish to express their thanks for the many expressions of sympathy and acts of kindness shown them by the faculty and students in their recent bereavement.
Co-ops Bring College To Low Income Brackets
By John Zinski “What are co-ops?” asks the campus. To tell the story of co-ops I will have to take you on a joxirney to the remote past; when all men had to obey common, unwritten laws or die in an attempt to break them. It wasn’t murder, it was suicide. In the most primitive societies, all members of those societies were bound by one of the laws of nature, the law of race preservation; they were forced to contribute to a common pool all of their resources in order to insure a livelihood for themselves and their children. There was a spirit of co-operation and well-being evident in all of these earlier cultures. Assets Co-operation and aggressive individualism are two important assets of any culture. Culture began with the birth of man and has been developed, in some cases to our western culture. There have been attempts to revive certain basic principles of so-
cial co-operatives since the beginning of the Rennaissance to the present day. Some of them have been unsuccessful and others have prospered. The “guilds” of Europe, the trade unions of this country and lastly, the co-ops, which include student enterprises ranging from boarding houses to shoe repair shops, co-operative grocery establishments, factories, public utilities, etc., all these have prospered until today they are receiving the attention of people all over the country. Moderate Means Colleges and universities over the entire nation have taken up some of the more important phases of campus co-operatives such as boarding houses, dormitories, book stores, cleaning establishments, all of these only in the interest of students, to make it more possible for young men and women of moderate means to enjoy, too, the benefits of higher education at a smaller margin of expense. All co-ops are non-sectar-ian and are affiliated with no poli-
tical organization. Some people infer that co-ops are socialistic; they are nothing of the kind. We are realists who have begun a “revival” of one of the basic principles of human society, co-op-eration for the betterment of society. Average, 25 Students On this campus, we have eighteen co-operative houses with an average of twenty-five students in each house. Students in those houses do all of their own work, i. e., cooking, maintenance of the house, and other work in and about the house. Every house is presided over by a housemother, who is, incidents^, selected by the Deans of men and women; in addition to acting as supervisor of work and the social activities ip the house, she also plans and puts into operation balanced menus. The average house bill at any of the co-ops is about $22.00 per month. This bill includes room and board, entitles the student to participate in the Student Co-operative Asso-
ciation activities and, pays his dues for membership in the Mid-West Federation of Campus Co-opera-tives. The average working week of the student in his respective house is about six hours of work, all told. Social Program Campus co-ops enjoy a varied social program throughout the year; the association sponsors several dances through the year, enjosrs trade dinners among the eighteen houses on the campus and also is active in the Campus Independent Association. Each house is guided by a faculty advisor; his job is to guide the organization according to the rules set forward by the University Administration. In all, a campus co-operative is an ideal situation for students who wish to enjoy the benefits of fraternal fellowship and who, likewise, have economy in mind. This way of living is not the cheapest way to live on the campus, but we consider it the best way.
Alice Lloyd Addresses Second Pan-Hel Meeting “Sororities have an unusual chance to stand for courage, honesty, and .imagination which is true education,” said Dean Alice Lloyd, dean of women at the University of Michigan, to sorority women and pledges last night in Fowler Hall in the second of the series of speeches for fraternity education week. Student Leadership Dean Lloyd stressed the fact that sororities have not realized the part they could • play in student leadership in forming attitudes against cheating, in moral issues, and in enthusiasm in studies and have been too largely just social groups. ^' “Women set the standards of living in society since they have become educated and have entered most of the professions, and they start setting these standards while they are in college,” she said. Members of the Pan-Hellenic council were introduced by Victoria Milea who also introduced Dean Lloyd. Preceding the meeting, the Pan-Hellenic Council gave a dinner for Dean Lloyd. Reception Follows A reception in her honor was held at Wood Hall after the meeting. Residence hall girls acted as hostesses to the sorority women, heads of all student activities, the presidents of all organized houses, and the faculty who attended the reception. In the receiving line were Dean Stratton, Dean Lloyd, Victoria Milea, head of the pledge school, and Jean Chandler, governor of the Women’s Residence Halls. Refreshments of coffee and sandwiches were served. The concluding meeting of the series designed for the pledges during fraternity education week will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Dean .Stratton will speak to pledges about sororities at Purdue, a.c. I Course On Concrete Ends With Discussion Of Operation Problem Open discussion of operating problems featured the closing sessions of the two-day short course on ready-mixed concrete here at the University yesterday. This short course attracted approximately 100 operators, contractors, and materials men from four states. G. E. DeBolt, of Richmond, presided over the morning round-table at which the operators specified problems of the industry. In the afternoon, E. B. Rayburn, of Indianapolis, presided over a technical session at which cold weather concreting methods provided one of the main topics of discussion. To close the short course. Professor K. B. Woods, assistant director of the Joint Highway Research Project, presented ^ brief report on activities, while C. W. Jones, of the Purdue engineering experiment station, presented the results of studies on bleeding and water regains in concretes. c.r.m. Dr. M. L. Fischer ... of the University of Cincinnati, will speak on “Chemistry of the Pine Arts” Wednesday, February 12, at 7:80 p. m. in the main lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. > Fischer's subject will be treated in a simple, non-tedmical manner in order to fascilitate better understanding for all who attend tiie leeture.
Formal Dinner At Halls Will Precede Dance The “Rolling Styles” of Reggie Childs and his orchestra will present the music and other entertainment for the annual Cary Club formal dance tonight at 9 in the Union ballrooms. Five hundred couples including forty faculty members are expected to attend. Formal dinners will be held in aU of the Cary Hall dining rooms except East Hall at 7 o’clock tonight. Reggie Childs comes to Purdue from the Rustic Cabin, across the Hudson from New York City, where he played a six month engagement. He established and broke three attendance records at the ten year old club and broadcast over NBC netwoi’ks four times weekly. Childs and his band have played at the Hotel Roosevelt in New York City and have also performed in Newark, Houston, Denver, Tol^o7 Kansas City, Memphis, Washington, Cincinnati and Philadelphia. The band has a very complete novelty cast including two soloists, a boy and a girl, a trio, a quartet, and a^ glee club. They have a series of specialty numbers that will offer several surprises to the audience. Backdrop The backdrop for the formal will have a gold Cary Hall crest in the center, Cary Club in gold letters across the top, and various other decorations, top hat, white searf, cane and gloves, painted on either side. The crest will be illuminated from behind to give the appearance of being jeweled and to distribute light over the backdrop. t.b.n. South of State By Dale Butz Poultry department is beginning to cackle with activity as plans get under way for the 33rd annual Egg and Chick Show to be held May 1-3. This show was the first exhibit of its kind to be held in the United States. Since its organization, it has grown into one of the largest shows in the country.
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the &rm management department will speak Monday at the annual meeting of the Kokomo Milk Producers in Kokomo. Subject of Dr. Cowden's fa»Hr will be “What i§ Ahead for the Dairy Industry.”
Dr. R. E. Girton, Prof. E. F. Degering. Prof. C. A. Behrens and Dr. J. J. Davis, all of the university staff, attended a meeting of the Council of the Indiana Academy of Science held last Sunday at DePauw University, Greencastle.
Agricultural Staff will hold its second meeting on methods of teaching tonight at 7:30 in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Prof. R. J. Greenly of the education and applied psychology department will talk on “Extension Adult Education.”
Prof. E. R. Martell, head of the forestry department, wiU address the Logansport Kiwanis Club, nmtt Tuesday, February 11, on “Conservation and National Defense.” Dr. E. L. Butz of the farm management department will speak at the annual meeting of the Jasper County Farm Loan Associatiott, on 'TuesiWf February 11, at Rensselaer on 'T'arm Credit and Federal Legislation.” Prof. H.H. Watts / ... of the English Departmeat, is the author of “BohhouMm Jeffers and Eating the Serpent,” whi^ has been published in Uie current issue of “The Sewanee Review.” The artlde is a detailed study of the poetry of Robinson Jeffers, American poet^ and explaius some of the general ideas which underlie Ua poems.m
I
At
fiaqjt2—£diiA
Friday, Februorv 7, 1941
fiwtiwL SxpMuaiL
.The Ratio-
3.93 ..to 1
In the first place, who should we see walk in but Bob Reed of the Phi Kappa Psis, and who do you suppose was with him? No, not NeMa Bryum but Dottie Davis. This is the first time Bob’s been seen with anyone but Nelda in quite a while.
Babe Mueller of the Phi Gams pulled a good one last Friday night but the last laugh was almost called on him. It seems as though he sent his pin girl. Kappa Pat Hearing, two corsages. One of them consisted of one long daffodil with sprouting leaves while the other was the real thing. -
Well, when Babe came to collect his date, down the steps came Pat with the daffodil pinned to the back of her head looking like she was sprouting. Fortunately, Babe was able to persuade her not to go that way, but he was one worried fellow for a while.
ARC
TOI>AY Thru SATURDAY —CUBERCE E. ISaiFOBD’S
AMD-
modern YOUTH IN REBELUON
PARENTS
WITH DORIS WESTON AUO -
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
UlMMSm
—TODAY - SATURDAY-
JoUl
The ^th Colnmn
If that were all, we wouldn’t have anything to talk about, but the most amazing is yet to come. Imagine our surprise when we saw SAE Jim Ogden dancing real friendly like with fresh-woman Charlotte Pirie.
As a parting shot at you people who brag about your memories, remember that sometimes a man avoids lots of worry by having a bad one.
$100 Is Again Offered
Took in the tea dance the other day, and as usual, we’re confused. Not because of Jidin Petty and Wilma Bear this time, although they were there, but for two other reasons.
... by William H. Winterpowd, '07, president of the Purdue Alumni Association and vice-president of the Baldwin Locomotive works, to the Purdue student owning the best book collection according to the faculty judging committee. Winterrowd, himself a book collector, first gave the one hundred dollar award in 1935. In 1988 he added a second prize of $35. The two awards will again be made. This year the faculty judging committee is headed by Frank R. Hall, of the history, economics, and government department. Entries for the contest must be submitted at his office, room 117, Education Building, prior to March 1. Announcement of the awards will be made at the annual Literary Banquet, usually held in May. The committee will judge collection on the following five points: (1) The size or cost of the collection is not so important as its quality and the familiarity of the owner with the contents of the books comprising the collection. (2) Well-edited books printed by responsible publishers are far more desirable than showy books made to sell rather than to be read. (3) The collection should reflect an intelligent knowledge of the books in the field of the owner’s personal and professional interests, whatever these may be. (4) In an informal discussion the owner shall show his acquaintance with the books in his library and his ability to tell why he has selected particular books or editions. ■ ■ (5) A" reasonably- large portion- of these books must have been bought by the student himself.—J.H.McK.
The National Association of Manufacturers’ has put out a new poster showing Uncle Sam throwing away his old striped high hat and putting on a mechanic’s cap. It’s supposed to be symbolic or something. But if it is. And all the financeers and what not are throwing away their top hats and getting their noses down to the lathe. We’re wondering who is going to be left., . To do the profiteering. « « <•> However, if Uncle does prove to be a second Blue Chip Hagerty, we think he would get a real thrill . . . Working for Ford.
As a labor agitator.
Speaking of, Henry, we see that he has predicted a ' / / new riveting process expected to cut production time in half. Providing the army can persuade Henry to cut his pay down to union standard. So they can give him a contract. ♦ * ♦ Of course if Henry can’t get a contract it ought to simplify things for him. Because he will be able to build his plant . . . Without Adolf’s help in putting it up. (Way up.)
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second doss matter at the post oAhee la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CongreH of March 3, 1379, and at the special rate of poatace prwlded for to faction 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised Jaauarfr £0, JASSL Publfah^ daily evsept Monday durinir the regular anemic year and weekly during the Summer S^slon. D^liver^ ioMlIy by carrier for $8.00 per Tear, mall subscription $8.60 Bditor.in-Chief... M. Wl Rstaaline Business Manager. Mtorle Bageaseyer Publicstion Staff Mews Editor... — X M. Managing Editor. - —D. X. Bfeiple Associate EdHorsi N. A. Ochiltr^, j. A. Bniceli, L. W. RuSner, R. H. Skallerup, J. L. Traugett. Businew Staff Local Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, O. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglenu^; Aowunts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Assoeiate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. jJ. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F, Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swalm. Phonos: Editorial 4005; Business 50S8; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallernp Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Jones Night Sports Editor: Swaim Workers: E. M. Swartz, C. R, McIntosh, T. B. Novey, R. W. Boswinkle, A. Hoskins, T. Jones, D. Ochiltiee, M. Boynton, A. Chatfleld, J. Ramsdell, B. lahr, P. Howard^ W. Clark.
We’ve been doing some extensive worrying for Mussolini about his campaign in Greece for some time now, and we finally think we’ve discovered why all of Benny’s advances pile up mileage . . . In the wrong direction.
city agent who . . . Spells retreat, a-d-v-a-n-c-e.
Letters
Wesley Players Will Give
It’s really very simple. All Benny needs is a publi-
We’ve been doing a good deal of reflection about Adolf and his multiferous sins. We finally decided . . . That we hate him the best of almost anybody we know.—ola
To The Editor
Prize Winning Play Soon
Editor, Purdue Exponent: I realize the great inner-urge to express one’s approval at the close of a beautiful passage of music, but I cannot refrain from just a word of suggestion on the matter of applause between movements or sections of a musical selection. Applause and talking during these short pauses tends to break the thought. Movements are moods and should not be broken or disturbed. Personally, I would appreciate it if we could all work together and try to observe' this age-old but good custom and courtesy. It was an inspiring concert Tuesday night and I want to congratulate the students on their attendance and excellent appreciation and attention. Albert P. Stewart.
“Smoke,” a play by Dorothy Clarke Wilson which won the first prize in the coni est of the Religious Drama Council of the Greater New York Federation of Churches, is now in rehearsal and will be presented February 23 by the Wesley Players. The play was first produced at the Broadway Tabernacle in New York City.
Joein' 'Round By Peg Howard
Housing
Courtesy Week is here again, and all the little pledges are really getting off easy this time—no antics on campus—still the pledges should remember Mussolini and . . . “Travel at their own risk on Greek territory.”
. . . facilities for 16 men are at present available in the Cary Halls according to director G. O. Arbuckle.
by Clarence
The cast includes David Polger, Beth Ludberg, Roselind Goff, Luther Cree, Harold McCutchan, Ed Gilbert, Paul Gentry, and Penny Pennington. The production cast consists of Bill Peterson, director; Ruth Custer, assistant director and prompter; Wayne Shaffer, stage manager; and John DeYoung, electrician. m.b.
We thought feudin’ had died off with the Martin’s and the Coy’s, but it seems to have been renewed with the Heiple’s and Dolan’s. Anyhow, we do hope they clear up one thing.— What in the deuce does UNCIRCUMLOCUTIONARY mean?
AIN
NOW SHOWING Hurry Two More Days!
Christopher Moriey's Sensational Best-Sailer
' ROGERS
KITTY FOYLE
DENNIS IwORGAN JAMES CRAIG RKO RADIO Picture
Efianlo Glaamlir* EumsI Gosstrt eiafirs Ceogar
Rabbi Simon Will Speak
At Joint Meeting Sunday
Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak at a joint meeting of the Wesley Foundation and the Fillel Foundation, Sunday evening at 6:30 at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. His topic will be “Jewish-Christian Relations.” He will be assisted by leading members of the Hillel group. A joint fellowship period of the two groups will preced the meeting, beginning at 6 p. m. William Peterson, of Wesley, will lead a brief worship service at the close of the discussion, c.r.m.
Now down to. business. Calling all joes, calling all joes, ATTENTION! Proceed to the Union ballrooms tonight for the Cary Halls’ winter formal. Dinner will be served in* the Halls at §even with the Cary men and their dates enjoying the dancing later, in the Union, to the music of Reggie Childs and his orchestra.
After the game dances After the game, the Newman Club is sponsoring an informal radio dance in the East Faculty Lounge. All members and their friends are invited to attend. The Phi Kappa Sigma’s are also entertaining members and guests at the chapter house Saturday night. A formal dinner-dance is being given with Irv Given and his campus orchestra furnishing the music for the affair. In the Union ballrooms an after-the-game Mixer will be held with the music for dancing being furnished by one of the campus bands. And this just about concludes the activities for one week-end on this campus.
Oiu* friend Mudball, the mouse, says: hey there clarence i have just come from across the campus and i looked around me on the way what i want to know is do those boots that the coeds wear feel cold on a day like this i mean to them —mudball.
Westminster Foundation
Sponsors Skating Parly
Saturday night brings Chicago’s much defeated quintet to the Fieldhouse giving the Boilermakers another chance to show that they are right up there in the conference race. In spite of Chicago’s consistent losing, they do have the player with the highest percentage of points per game, who should be someone to watch.
One thing more . . , It seems that there was an unsuccessful attempt to bring to this campus representatives from both ASCAP and BMI to participate in a public debate. We don’t care where it is that they get together but we certainly hope it will be soon ’cause “Jeanie With the Light Brown Hair” is getting mighty gray!
Westminster Foundation will sponsor a skating party tonight at the Maple Points ring. Beginning at 8 o’clock and preceding the skating affair, a party with games and refreshments will be held at the Foundation. Cars will leave from there at 10 o’clock for the rink. Admission to the rink will be 25 cents. Anyone furnishing a car, however, will be admitted free, according to H. L. Wagner, social chairman of the Foundation. The affair will be ,stag. f.i.j.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
LIMA
TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
It's a sweetheart of a picture . . . set to mirth, melody and music I !
MARS
Starts TOMORROW
ROMANCI and ADVENTURE
In ani
ISLAND PARADISE^
3^|:iELD
/II Joseph Conrad's '
SIR CEDRIC HARDWICKE .»$ Jerome cowan
Q!
LAST TIMES TODAY
“Hereafter, I wish you’d let the Goverment take care of our Pan-American trade relations!”
iIk'^ f 5- ' f
f ¥■ J
H %/' -i.
f
r
\
fijumdjujL £xftmsmL
/
Frickiy. F«bniocv 7« 1941
fiwyL 3 ^
MlNIHMMi
Coach Reeck Leaves ^ith Nine Matmen For Week-End MeetsWith Ohio Squads Thin morning at 10 o’clock the Boilermaker wrestling squad of nine men will leave for an extended week-end tour that takes them to Findlay College (Ohio) and Ohio State University. The Findlay m«et is slated to begin at 7:30 p. m. after which the team moves on to Columbus the next morning in preparation
for the strong Buckeye squad.
TankmenfollowUp lilini Win Tomorrow Coach Dick Papenguth is keeping his tankmen on the run after a twopoint victory over the Illini Wednesday night hy putting them in the Fieldhouse pool again tomorrow afternoon against the Fort Wayne Y.M.C.A. squad. The meet will be the second hit of competition in four days for the Riveters. The Fort Wayne swimmers appeared on the Boilermaker schedule last season and were dunked without too much trouble. However, the northeastern Indiana boys have displayed potency this season as shown by their loss of only ten points to the Indiana University tank team several weeks ago. Rapidly improving in all departments, the Riveters are gaining momentum after two consecutive wins, and from all indications Coach Papenguth is building the strongest tank team that has represented the Boilermakers in many years. More gratifying, the outlook for the next few years is even more sparMing, since Captain Siler is the lone senior on the squad.
Heavy Ruggieri The undecided eligibility of Frank Ruggieri, star sophomore heavyweight, is an important factor in the success of the coming matches. The results of a make-up test that was taken yesterday will not be known until an houy before the team departs for Ohio. An interesting aspect of the Findlay match is lent by the fact that both the head^tand assistant coaches of the Findlay squad are ex-Purdue athletes. Monk Kissel, head coach, was a star performer on the gridiron as well as on the mat. Lee Graves, assistant coach, also made a name for himself on the football
field.
Then The Bucks At 4:30 Saturday afternoon the Riveters engage the Buckeyes of Ohio State in first Big Ten match of the season, and considering the perennial strength of the Bucks’ athletic teams the Boilermaker outfit will have to be in top shape if they are to get off to a flying start -in_tha Western Conference race. The nine men who will make the trip are as follows: Co-captains Casey Fredricks and John Papurca, Bob Siekman, Jack Foster, Bob Britt, Joe Hlinka, Warren Eviston, and Frank Ruggieri r.wd
IM Schedules BASKETBALL Frid»y, Febrnary 7 Court 1: Harry Schwartz 7:00 Tigere ra Bulldogs 7.16 Eaglea va Wildcats 8 00 Ward 88 vs Ward 2 8:16 Ward 8 vs Ward IS Court 2: C. H. Reehenbach 7 00 Buckeyes vs Hoosiers 7:16 Yanks vs Boilermakers 8:00 Ward 16 vs Ward 6 8:16 Ward 18 vs Ward 7 Court 3: W. B. HeAdams 7.00 Rams vs Panthers 7:15 Ward 21 vs Ward 10 8*00 Ward 12 vs Ward 22 8-16 Ward 17 vs Ward 28
SPOBTS STAFF Night Sports Editor—Swaim Workers: B W DeMars, J S Keeler, J S Dawson
Ping Pong
. . . play in the inter-fraternity doubles tournament is getting well under way as the quarter-final round has been reached by both Alpha Tau Omega and Lambda Chi Alpha, rivals in the third round of play Phi Kappa Tau faces the outcome of Pi Kappa Phi-Phi Kappa hostilities, as Sigma Chi picks on the winner of the Sigma Phi Epsilon-Alpha Chi Rho match. Delta Tau Delta removed Sigma Alpha Epsilon from the roster and now awaits the decision of the Theta Chi-Phi Kappa Epsilon encounter, r.l.m.
How to Make Sales and Influence Customers If you are the operator of an eating place be sure your employees are dressed in clean Linenr WE SUPPLY ON A RENTAL BASIS
PHONE 20d0 FOR ROUTEMAN
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST mLUNCHEON • DINNER • REFRESHING TREATS YOO’RC ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALBREER’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Boilermaker Pugs Lace Opporients In Tourney Matches With no let-up after the Golden Gloves appearances Wednesday night,^ the Riveter boxers are being sent through stiff drills each day by Coach Joe Benna in preparation for their next showing on Wednesday, February 12. Benna, a senior here at the Boilermaker institution, had much praise for Bis boys, who are working hard in hopes of being sent to the finals at Chicago on the twen-ty-second of this month. Eleven Boilermaker men survive^ their quarter-final matches Wednesday, and will go into the semi-finals next week. This is the best showing of any Riveter boxing squad since the sport was started here. Of the pugilists who fought, Shakel, Johnson, and Ball won three-round decisions; McCrey lost by a KO in the second; and Myamasu lost by a technical KO in the first round. Threlfall Wins Threlfall won by a technical KO in the first; Parsons, a heavyweight, won a first-round decision; Daly, 176-pound class7 won a three-round decision; and Michael lost a much disputed three-round decision. Pyle and Beers both drew byes. Coach Benna is expecting at least two or three of these Boilermaker men to be among the eight division winners who will make the trip to Chicago j s d. All-Campus Squash Meet Goes Into Semi-Final Play With two elemination matches yet unplayed, the All-Campus Squash Tournament for 1941 entered the semi-finals when Chief Clevett edged Mel Taube to the side lines with a count of 3-2. Larry LaBree, winner of last year’s tourney, must defeat Keeler and Goldstein to reach the semifinals Those remaining in the third round of play include Fehring and Ackerman, Goldstein, and Burnham, the latter meeting the winner of the Allen-Mann match. This tournament, an annual event, IS open to both students and faculty members, r.l.m.
Chicago Maroons Give Next Test To Lambert’s Climbing Fast - Breakers
Gopher
MEN'S fir LADIES' ALTERATIONS BEST WORK ~ GUARANTEED JOE'S TAILOR SHOP CHAUNCEY & STATE STREETS
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6r Main Stt. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Greeting Cards Ail Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• jewelers
• Tailor
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Hardware
• Electrical Supplies
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Mam St. Phone 2777
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Locksmith
• Dairy Products
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
With their title d^enee finally in high gear, the Boileniiak> ers, after this last rather active week-end, will attempt to keep the ball rolling in the Fieldhouse Saturday evening. This game will mark the half-way point in the season for the Riveters and, as well as all the rest to come, will either make or break their title chances.
... Don Carlson, who was a sophomore sensation in last year’s Western Conference struggle. He is in the “must stop” spot for the Riveters when they face the Gophers in Minneanolis next Monday night. Greek Honorary Society To Publish News Letter University chapter of Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshmen women, will publish in the near future the first issue of a national news-letter to include all of the organization’s fourteen cdiapters in the United States. Martha Eunice McHaffie is chairman of the instigating committee for this publication Plans have also been made for a dime tea to raise money for the Alpha Lambda Delta scholarship fund. Mary C. Brown is in charge of plans for this tea, which will be given some time around Easter..
Stampf Scores The Maroons, although they have not shown up well in conference competition thus far, have an offensively dangerous ball club headed by center Joe Stampf, leading Big Ten scorer on the basis of average points per game. Clipping Stampf’s 14 points per game average may well constitute a major test for the Riveter’s rapidly improving defensive play. That the highly successful combination of Igney, Sprowl, Blanken, Blemker and Caress is more or less what Coach Ward Lambert has been looking for as indicated by the fact that this five will probably start the game. Sophomore Bob Riley is also due to see plenty of action. Weber Forced Out Jake Weber, towering senior on the squad, is definitely out of the Riveter line-up due to the ankle injury he sustained in Wednesday’s practice. This injury, a double fracture, makes it practically certain that he has played his last basketball game^ for the Riveters The Chicago tilt will constitute the second half of a double header, the first of the season for Boilermaker fans. Preceding the mam event of the evening and starting at
6 p. m., the freshman team will stage an intra-sqnad game between two picked groups, the "Greens” and the "Reds.” Successors Several of these future greats of Boilermaker hardwood Carry familiar names. A1 Menhe, brother of the two I. U. lads, and BUI Wooden, the brother of the Riveter’s own three-tiYne all-American, Johnny Wooden, both show promise; and, for Saturday night, are playing on the “Green” squad. Following are the starters for the two teams: Reds—^Lawson, Wright, Anderson, Brower, McGrath; Greens — Swantz, Menke, Chester, Wooden, Friend. The substitutes—Parrish, Burghart, Johnson Etling, Shimer, Shelby, Groves, Zehring, and Pechin. j.s.k. Mixed Recreation ... will be held tonight from 7:30 to 9:30 in the Women's gymnasium for all men and co-eds. Games of shuffleboard, ping pong, volleyball, and fencing will be played and there will be swimming in the pool. Dates are not needed, a.c.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
FOR VALENTINE PARTIES
■
ANY QUANTITY
So Handy
JttuL IjtJiftUL StoVSlA. CL £ooIl . . . Read— ‘'fiandom, dOxJumi!’^
by James Hilton
or
it
it
‘(L JhaaMUu}, JhsL (CifddiL. ’SJisoL '
Edited by M, Lincoln Schuster
\
These two recent books plus a host of others are at your disposal in the fioonL
JhsL ipwidwL WjunifdaL UniofL The CtomeT 41/ the Ctmtpiiff*-— Yet the Center ef Aetivities
* wf f''',■iMiiiiiiiiiiiMlii
//
fiaqu fh^tsiwA
Fridoy, Februorv 1, 1941
(PuhdusL £xpomttt
River Plate Nations Dr. Estey Announces Create Regional Office Next Two Lecturers For EconomIcStudy For Defense Series
By Allen Haden SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc. Montevideo, Feb. 6.—In a dramatic and unexpected last-minute flurry of negotiation the regional conference of five River Plate nations adopted a convention last night creating a regional office of economic information and studies, and today the conferees met to call a formal end to almost two weeks of discussions. This convention, in the view of many here, is likely to be accepted as the parley’s principal accomplishment. Lack of concrete results had worried many delegates. While it was admitted that principles of co-oper-ation had been reaffirmed, the feeling existed that something more substantial should emerge from the deliberations here. Too many proposals had ended as mere recommendations. Buenos Aires To Have OflSce Designed as a statistical research center, the regional office will have its headquarters at Buenos Aires. Recalling the original organization of the Pan-American Union as a center of economic information, the regional office will, in effect, be a baby Pan-American Union with regional instead of continental scope. Its work will be co-ordinated with the studies of the Pan-American Union, of the International Labor
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Dr. J. A. Estey, chairman of the Innmittee for lectures on the probable effects of American economy on national defense, announces that two additional speakers have been scheduled to continue this series on February 26 and March 10. Both lectures will be at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall and are open to the general public as well as the student body. No admission will be charged. Robert B. Hall, professor of geography and chairman of the division of social sciences at the University of Michigan, and director of the Institute of Far Eastern Studies, will discuss “America’s Economic Dependence on South Eastern Asia” on Wednesday, February 26. “America’s Gold Supply” will be presented by E. W. Remmerer, professor of finance at Princeton University, on Monday, March 10. m. k.b.
Office, of the economic and financial committee of the Washington Inter-American Development Commission and of private organizations specializing in research, such as chambers of commerce. All the countries participating in the regional conference—Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, and Uruguay—^will be represented in the regional office and its first work will probably be to study bases on which a regional customs union — meaning a general reduction of tariffs for one another’s goods—can be elaborated. Many Problems Avoided One deficiency of the conference^ was the fact that the delegations lacked authority to accept proposals affecting the fundamental economy of their respective nations. There was also a lack of experts qualified to speak on vital issues. Both these factors led to avoidance of many basic problems. Principles on which all agreed were formulated simply as recommendations.
AWS Plans School ( To Train Freshmen; First Meeting Feb. 10 The Associated Woniien Students are holding a “ground school” for freshmen interested in working on committees in that activity. The ground school is the same as the freshman training course of previous years and its purpose is to explain the work that freshmen can do this semester. The first meeting will be Monday, February 10, at 4 o’clock in the AWS office. At this time Eleanor Fink, chairman of the housing committee, and June Close, chairman of the activities committee, will explain the kind of work done by their respective groups. Monday, February 17, Harriette Simons and Louise Stiers will explain the work for freshmen on the May-day and office committees. These four committees are the only ones on which freshmen may work, and this is the first call-out by AWS. Paula Zwierlein, president of AWS, will explain the work of the other committees. m.f.j. ASME To See Industrial Film At Meeting Tuesday “Hundred Horse Power Hands,” a film with sound describing methods of handling various materials in' modern industry, will be shown at the meeting of ASME next Tuesday, February 11 in room 363 of the Union. Maxwell C. Maxwell, assistant to the President of the Yale and Towne Manufacturing Comapny, is making a tour of the country with the movie. The meeting, which is open to members of the University student branch of the ASME will be held at 7:30 p. m.
Union Show dancing chorus tryouts will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. All students interested are urged to attend as numerous places are available in the several dance numbers.
LAST CALL! Don't FAIL to get your PURDUE EXPONENT / Subscription for 2nd Semester ) STOP! at the Exponent Office in the Basement of the Union — $1.75 per Semester — The Purdue Exponent
Coming Mars' Theatre Attraction
Betty Field and Frederic March are shown above in a happy, romantic mood, before terror strikes their island paradise of Samburan, near Java, in Paramount’s iilmization of Joseph Conrad’s famous novel of exciting adventure and romance. “Victory,” which opens Saturday at the Mars Theatre. March’s role in the immortal story is that of the island recluse Hendrik Heyst, who distrusts the world, and Miss Field’s role is that of Alma, who restores his faith through love.
Fascist Press Offers Praise To Lindbergh; Calls Election Fraud By John T. Whitaker SPECIAL RADIO T6 Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941- Chicago Daily News, Inc. Rome, Feb. 6.—After days of press attacks against America, which is described as a dictator’s country being led to war by an alliance of the Anglo-Saxon elements with the Jews, the Fascist university students were put into the streets of Rome this morning. It was the first demonstration of the sort since the late Neville Chamberlain’s umbrella and a coffin, labeled France, were carried
through the streets in preparation foi Italy’s entry into the war. The correspondent arrived in the Piazza di Spagna after the parading was over and eyewitnesses unhappily offered contradictory reports on the nature of the demonstration. Some said it was antiAmeiican. Otheis denied that and said that the students cried out against England. The youngsters avoided the American embassy and consulate and no extra guards had been placed at either building by the Italian authorities, as usually happens in anticipation of demonstrations. Call Election A Frameup The press campaign, which has been waged for some days, divides America into Jews which include, according to Virginia Gayda, the White House, the press and the radio, on the one hand, and what are tei-med “eminent personalities,” on the other.
GIRLS
Complete Stock ot • MAX FACTOR • COTY
(Cosmetics)
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
mn DiiK CO. Next to Post Office 305 State Street Phone 4094
Is there Someone You Like a Lot? Want to let them know? Why don’t you send a Valentine To sort of tell them so? * * We have a complete selection of the famous HALLMARK Valentines now on display.
*’riinxi Gon^furornDRE
»M-i» fvm lYMn HllBSr
Notices
Varsity Golf: All candidates fcj varsity golf attend meeting at 2 p. as. Saturday, February 8, in Eieldhouse basSment. —ALLSPAW.
Make-up Examinations in ME Oonrsess Make-up examinations to remove 1 and 0 grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 68 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 801 of MB Building. Thooe intending to take exams notify me before Pebnmry 18. —AULT.
Conditions in Mathematics: Students with C grades should consult instructor concerned before Saturday, February 8. —SMITH.
McBee’s Organic Chem 80: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the sch^ule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 0, Chem annex 129; Div. M, Saturday 9, Chem 421: Div. N, Thursday 2, Chem 421; Div. O, Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —^McBEE-
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 18. Three practices are reauired. Class matches Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Mixed Recreation: Februai? 7, 7:80-9:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. —FISHLEIGH.
Classified Ads
POK BALE Typewriters and adding madbinea, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. Ail makes of portable tyi>ewriters, $29.78 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 608 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Life begins with
Tiny, magical vitamin8...how essential they are to vitality, sound nerves, good appetite, clear skin, attractive hair-that happy state of baojvanf’bealtb. TakaVITAMINSPiaa-tobe sure...containing vitamins A, B, C, D and Q with liver concentrate and iron. 72 capsules — 30 days’supply . . .
$2.75
Glider Club: Important meeting Friday, February 7, at 7 p. m. in room 828 of the Union. Bring dues. —KANE.
Military Code Classes: Students who participated in code instruction last semester should contact Sgt. Allen this week to malm arrangements for instriKtion during this semester. Classes will staii; Monday evening, February 10. —BURKHART.
Freshman Military Students: A special picture on “Organisation of the Tnick Drawn Battery” will be shown Friday, February 7, in room 206 of the Annory at 4 p. m. Attendance is voluntary. —WILLIAMS. Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will inoet Saturday, February 8, by schools as follows: those whose names begin with A-E, Room 201, Civil Building; F-K, Boom 101, Michael Golden Shops; L-B, Room 264, Electrical Building; S-Z, Room 121, Electrical Building. -CNAPP. Freshman Football: Numeral sweaters may be called for in the Fieldhonae equipment room. —PHILLIPS
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid prior to the initiation Sunday, February 9, 4 p. m. This does not refer to Exponent juniors. Others must see Stew Marquis at the Phi Gam house immediately. —McKEE.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester registration may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
Skull and Crescent: Short meeting on Friday, February 7, at 7 p. m. in room 802 of Union. Bring enough money to cover cost of keys. —LANIUS.
ASME Members: Pins and charms for those who ordered them before Christmas vacation will be distributed at the Feb. 11th rpetting in room 363 of the Union. —ROCKWOOD.
Cosmopolitan Club: Pledging and meeting Friday, February .7, at 4 :30; room 804 of the Union. All foreign students urged to attend. —CORTISSOZ.
Foreign Students: All students from other lands are invited to a special meeting to discuss matters concerning them. Room 304 of the Union at 6:16 p. m. Friday, February 7. —CORTISSOZ.
Episcopal Students: Celebration of Holy Communion Sunday, February B, 9 a. m. at the Purdue Student Chapel. —THORNTON.
Purdue Religious Conncil Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room 68 of the Union. Open to all interested in peace work. —MOPFET.
POK KENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Seirvicew Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.80 all night. Phone 2407.
Wanted: Student furniture salesman, afternoons during spare time. Must have two years or more experience. Apply at Reifer’s Furniture Company.