This Newspaper Is Published Each Moniing Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
T> J T" X Purdue Exponent
nUDAY December 1% 1937 Lofayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 80
Britisher To Lecture On Unemployment Problem Ellen Wilkinson, Lone Labor Woman In House Of Commons, To Appear In Gym, January 5 The honorable Ellen Wilkinson, only woman labor member of the British House of Commons, will appear as a convocation lecturer January 5 in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m. Miss Wilkinson will talk on the subject, “Unemployment . . . Our Curable Social Disease.”
Boilermaker's Brawl On January 14 Will Replace SDX Rassle “Brawling” will replace “Rassling” on the campus this year, President Hugh Forster announced last night after a meeting of his Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity. “The Boilermaker’s Brawl,” a new type of dance, will be staged January 14, by the organization which formerly promoted the “Riv-
eter’s Rassle.”
Members of the fraternity promise all the good features of the “Rassle” will be retained in the new dance, but some of the objectionable features will be removed.
Tickets at $1.99'/z
Several novelties are being arranged and will be announced later. Tickets, priced at $1.99% will go on sale Wednesday, January 5. Continuous music will be fea-
tured, with two bands being em- ^ ployed. Tickets will be in novelty JJnifn! Frutt Cctke!
form, and prizes, including the annual beard prize, are to be awarded
at the dance.
The female legislator’s constituency, Jarrow on Tyne, has the largest rate of unemployment in Britain, granting her the background as a specialist on the unebiployment problems of the latter country and of Europe generally. Third Term in Commons Miss Wilkinson, a graduate of Manchester University, in 1924 was the youngest woman to be elected to the Commons. Inthe recent British election, she won a seat for the third time, in the House of Com-
mons.
She has been a national organizer of one of the largest British Trade Unions, the National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers, and the organizer of the National Union of Women’s Suifrage Societies. During the late Ramsey MacDonald’s Labor Government she was Parliamentary private secretary to the minister of health. Included in her life as a social worker, she has had administrative experience in national bodies of Trade Boards which regulate the wages 'and conditions of British
workers.
Don't Be Open Air Fiend--Doc
Editor’s Note: This is the sixth of a series of articles based on interviews with Dr. J. S. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, and concemingr health precautions during: the winter months.
“Say, Doc, my roommate insists on opening all the windows in the room before we go to bed at night. He says that’s the way to become healthy, or some such stuff, but he darn near freezes me out. Is he right about cold air being healthy ?” We put this complaint and question to Dr. Miller yesterday morning as we waited in his office, with about a dozen other students, to have our “head blown out” for relief from a cold. Zero Cold Unnecessary “A room does not have to be zero or below for healthy sleeping,” Doc replied as he hurriedly scrawled out three prescriptions for cold medicine in such a fashion that we doubted whether even he could interpret what he had written. “A temperature of 40^ to 50 degrees is sufficiently cold.” “And students should not sleep in drafts,” he continued. “This means that windows should be open on one side of the sleeping room only ... no cross ventilation must be stirred up.” A student should have bedroom slippers and a bathrobe at his bedside—in case he has to leave the bed at anytime during the night,
Doc says.
Dry the Covers “It’s all right to open the windows wide part of the time during the day, in order to give the room a thorough airing,” Doc states, “but at some time in the day all the windows should be closed and the room heated up so as' to dry the covers completely.” He advises all “fresh air hounds” to wear night caps and to use extra covers when they go to bed. As to the amount of sleep which students should get. Doc merely says, “The average student gets about seven or eight hours ... he should get more if possible.”
Chicken! Ags Will Sponsor ^Stuffs
By J. O. Minier
‘Do you want to buy a duck?” Why certainly not—^that is, if you win the turkey being given as a door prize at the Ag Christmas party to be held in the Union Build-
ing tomorrow night!
If you don’t win the turkey, you still don’t have to purchjase the duckling, because the generous Ag’s are giving away additional prizes amounting to a chicken, a fruit cake, and apples. Those attending the party will dance to music styled for the occasion by George" Weast and his aggregation of musicians. Make Drawings At 8:30 Drawings for the door prizes will be promptly at 8:30, and those planning to attend must be present at that time to be eligible. During the evening specialty acts will provide additional diversion. The exact nature of these acts is being kept as a special treat for
the guests.
A bridge tournament will also be held during the evening. Ducats for the event may be had until 4 o’clock Friday afternoon from E. L. Butz, G. W. Sample, D. C. Pfendler, P. C. Gaylord, W. R. Amick, George Spencer, K. C. Boxell, F. L. Walkey, E. E. Schnetzler, and L. M. Vogler. Dean Rsher's Daughter Dies In Ohio Hospital Miss Beatrice Louise Fisher BS '17, daughter of Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, died early yesterday morning at Ashtabula, O., from a cerebral hemorrhage. Miss Fisher was a member of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority and Omicron Nu, nationaji home economids honorary, while in the University. According to Dean of Men, Mv L. Fisher, the body will arrive in Lafayette today with funeral services to be conducted tomorrow.
This Is Qur Season’s Greetings... to students, faculty members, and friends of Purdue University. We cannot meet and greet each of you personally, so we are taking this opportunity to wish you all a conventional, but sincere, “Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.” We wish “Godspeed” to the thousands of students who will follow away from the University this week-end a guiding light that leads homeward. May this light take them safely to the family circle, and provide an equally safe return. To those students who have no home to visit or are from lands so distant they cannot return, our greetings are most heartfelt. May they have a joyous vacation wherever they spend it. Whatever recreation or work may be taken up during this vacation, we suggest that you go into it wholeheartedly. Play hard or work hard, or both, and then come back to school January 3 with no regrets on the use of your time. Christmas vacation — including both the end of a year and the beginning of another—is an excellent time to take inventory of the old year and to budget the new. What have you accomplished in 1937 ? What are you going to do in 1938 ? The new year will be for you what you make it. Whether it it a “happy year” for you will depend largely upon yourself, but we do hope that 1938 finds you healthy and optimistic, so that you may do the best with whatever material the year may bring you. Again we wish you all “A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.” —^The Exponent Staff.
Enders Explains Chinese Crisis At Science Dinner High Tibetan Official Tells 225 Banqueteers Japan Must Kill 25,000 Chinese Daily To Win War Before a ballroom gathering of 225 faculty members and students, Gordon Enders spoke at the science banquet on “Tibet and the Far East Crisis” including the happenings in Shanghai during his visit there in August and September of this year. i While bombs and shells broke around them in China, Enders, unable to meet his friend the Pantchen Llama because all airplanes in Shanghai were grounded, carried on direct communication with this Tibetan living god by radio unharmed by the war. This war which both nations expected at any time during July, Enders found unexpected by himself as well as all nations.
Co-ed Suggests Proper Christmas Gift For Eds
By Betty Wickard What to give HIM is a problem that has caused many a fair brow to develop wrinkles these preChristmas days. First, be sure that he expects a gift from you, for nothing is so embarrassing to a young man as receiving a gift from a girl to whom he has sent nothing. Most girls believe that the gift supreme is their own picture, but here also it is best to use discretion. If the young man is your fiancee or if he has requested a picture it is perfectly according to Hoyle to bestow one upon him (provided he isn’t the kind of a person who keeps a picture gallery in his room). However, if you are not sure of your ground, better give him some other gift. If he smokes a pipe, he would always appreciate a good one, per-
haps enclosed in a leather tobacco pouch lined in oiled silk. Something interesting and different is a pair of Norwegian ski mittens decorated with amusing designs on the back, and perfect for cold weather. Smoking Utensils O. K. A combination cigarette case and wallet will be greatly appreciated. Another idea is a combination cigarette case and lighter. Clothes are always acceptable, if chosen with taste and, Esquire reminds us, one must have the type of man in mind when choosing them. Gifts vouched for by this criterion are plaid, striped, or plain cashmere wool mufflers, gay suspenders, an artificial red carnation boutonniere of feathers, a belt with flexible leather buckle, pigskin or Scotch wool gloves, and the inevitable ties and handkerchiefs.
Last 1937 Exponent Exponent suspends publication with today’s issue until January 4, 1938. Regular six-day-a-week schedule will be resumed on that date.
Lark-HorovitzWill Open Physics Forum Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz of the University physics department will open discussion in a forum on “College Physics in its Relations to PreCollege Education,” December 28, at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physics Teachers at the Indianapolis Athletic Club. The meeting, which will be held December 27 and 28, will be a feature of the anpual convention of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. The latter organization will be in session in Indianapolis from December 27 until January 1.
Alpha Chi Rho
Forecast for the State: Cloudy and rain. Colder southwest. Saturday partly cloudy. Local Temperatures: 9:30 p. m. Wednesday to 9:30 p. m. Thursday: High, 37; low, 81; mean, 34.
Alpha CW Bho, social fraternity, announces the initiation of William E. Dt^hee, Glencoe, 111.; Rathbun B. Squires, Richmond; J. Robert Mann,Indianapolis;and John Green-
burg, West Lafayette.
Piracy On High Seas Dying Ouf-Enders “Piracy on the high seas is dying out because it impedes the march of civilization” remarked Gordon Enders to a small but interested audience sprawled around a map of Shanghai on the faculty lounge floor of the Union yesterday after-
noon.
Smoking a cigarette in an exotically long black holder, the widely known explorer told stories of his travels in the Far East. Pictxires, maps, and booklets illustrated his talk. Bud Taylor, Union vice-president, was in charge of the discussiop. Baptis,! Club Plans Party For lafayette Poor Kids Making Christmas brighter than usual for a few of Lafayette’s poor children will be the theme throughout the annual Christmas party of the Roget Williams Club, to be held tonight from 7 to 8:30 p. m. in the student room of the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Members of the club will entertain the ‘kids’ with games and stories. Each child will receive a gift and will be the guest of the club for dinner. The public is cordially invite^ by the club to attend.
For amusement one day the American group figured up that the Japanese would have to kill 25,000 Chinese a day to keep up with the natural birth rate in China. Tibetan Isolation Must End Tibetan isolation, he feels, must now come to an end. The question— is Tibet to become an Asiatic Belgium or Switzerland. He thinks tect India. As to Russia, if she can power at this point. She must protect India. As to Russia. If she can be guaranteed against a European aggressor she is perfectly able to handle Japan in Siberia. Is China to become a twin of the Japanese kingdom of the sun with a Japanese ruler who carries the royal blood of both coimtries by virtue of the recent marriage of two members of both families ? This new family is expecting an heir now which may some day sit on the ancient Mongolian throne. Enders placed great emphasis on the fact that neither party in this Far East war is worth too much sympathy from us. It is a matter of too much wrong on either or both sides. To leave China,, Enders sailed on a Japanese boat carrying several hundred wounded and many white capped jars within which lay the remains of dead Japs. Chemical Engineering Group To Honor Waiker Donor In Union Banquet Vice-president Major Theodone P. Walker of the Commercial Solvent Corporation, of Chicago, 111., and donor of the Walker chemistry award, will be guest of hpnor at the fall initiation banquet of Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical engineering honorary, tonight at 6 o’clock in the Union reception room. Following an introduction by Prof. R. N. Shreves of the chemical engineering department, Prof. F. C. Hockema will exp^ss the appreciation of the University for the Walker award. Dr. E. F. Degering of the chemistry department will welcome the initiates of the honorary, and Dr. J. L. Bray of the chemical engineering school will make the response. Preceding the banquet at 6:30, 23 men will be formally initiated into the organization: juniors—^D. Duffey, D. S. Martin, and W. D. McEachron; seniors—^W. H. Barry, P. H. Egli, C. W. Dudding, D. J. Goodman, H. Hopkins, K. M. Linn, L. C. Seller^, A. J. Vitale, R. W. Wdbom, H. F, Weigandt, and R. C. Woemer; graduates—Vf. A. Bittenbender, J. C. Crane, J. D. Danforth, H. M. Grubb, R. L. Heider, F. W. Hoover, and A. Rankin; faculty—G. K. Foresman; and associate—^T. P. Walker.
Penalty Dates Today and tomonrow morning, the 24-hour period precedpenalty dates ing Christmas vacation are penalty dates. Likewise, January 3 is a penalty date. In case of absence from class' during either of these periods, in accordance with University rules, the usual $5.00 fine will be assessed.
PIA To Sponsor Informal Dance Semi-formally attired Purdue Jndependent Association eds and co-eds will begin Christmas celebration tonight at their ^organization’s annual Yuletide dance. Bud Bryant and his sophisticated swingsters will set the tempo with their melodies and rhjrthms. Semi-formal will mean street clothes for the eds tonight, and long or short dresses for their dates. The affair will be held in the Union ballroom from 9 o’clock till midnight. PIA membership cards and student passports will be required for admission to the dance. These membership card|i can be purchased until 10 o’clock tonight. Several tap dances accompanied by special orchestrations yill be featured on the evening’s program, with members of Mrs. Duncan’s Dancing Academy suppljring the taps. ^ Weather Reports Indicate Dry Roads For This Week-end Tyrant Winter, who so recently blew his icy breath over the regions surroimding Lafayette will not bother Purdue students this week-end, according to predictions of University assistant weather observer, T. H. Hill. More rain may be expected, but recent weather reports indicate that snow, cold weather, or sleet will at least not arrive soon enough to pester the homeward bound sttudentts. Roads Almost Clear Roads leading from Lafayette are fair for travelling now and are clearing fast. Iqy spots in a few towns along the highways are the only remain- - ing souvenirs of the recent unusual cold spell. Buses and trains are running on schedule, and expect to have no difficulty in m^ng coimections over the holiday weekend. Bus services were suspended one night this week, but regular schedules are now in force again. Rainfall for the 24 hour jteriod ending yesterday morning was only.060 inches. Weather reports prophesy but little change in temperature for the next few days. ' N.G. Mellon Writes New Chemlsiry Text A new text book entitled “Quantitative Chemical Analysis” by Professor M. G. Mellon of the chemistry department made its appearance off the McMillan Company press recently. The book contains full material for the year’s course, and organized that it may be readily adapted to one semester classes, so a bulletin from the printing company states.'fUc-
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Everyone Talks... .... about the weather, but, as the old saying goes, no one ewr does anything about it. Of course, in our capacity as editorialists we are hardly fitted to do any’thing but write about the weather, for great though we may be, we can’t do anything else. And while w^e are writing about it, we certainly have something to write about during the last few days. We have squished through and are still squishing through some of the worst of Indiana’s always terrible weather. Being in a somewhat whimsical mood and not having anything more to woiry about thdn how. we’ll spend the holidays, we put our mind to work at devising a plan whereby a person may ignore the weather. If you will follow these simple rules, the weather 4 will not bother you. ' 1. When your companions shiver and draw their overcoats about them muttering dire threats at the whistling wind, throw open your coat, take a deep breath of the invigorating atmosphere and if your lungs aren’t frozen, you’ll feel like a new person. 2. If cold continues to bother you, it would be better for you to inaugurate the practice of getting up at five o’clock in the morning, doing a dozen brisk turns about the dorm barefooted, dashing down to an ice-cold shower, and eating an enormous breakfast. 3. If it’s rain that irks you, why your troubles are practically over. Practice sitting fully dressed under a shower until you get so you don’t notice the water. 4. To rid yourself of the disagreeable sensation caused by squishing through slush, merely place water soaked cotton in your shoes before you start out and then you’ll never know whether it’s the slush or the cotton that’s bothering you. Before long you’ll give up trying to decide and forget all about it. The principle involved in formulating these rules may be carried out by you in formulating your owm
the Purdue Exponent
^soeinted ifoUeaiate HACOOM VfISCOMSM Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Ck>nKre8s of Blareh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaire provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Phblfshed dally except Konday ddritta the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mall $8.60. RBPRESENTED FOR NATiONAl. ADVERTISINa BY HatlonalAdvertis!ngService,lnc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco MAIN OFFICB 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Elditorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Buildins, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for hixponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Muiarer
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Manarinr Editor.. —J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, 0. D. Schroeder, B. L Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary.: Maraaret,-Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manaser. J. P. Girard National Advertlsin*r Manasrer. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising- Manaser ..... R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor ........Eliiabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF
R. F. Obenchaln J. S. Brown, R. L. l^Donald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor. Associate Editors... —......
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by underg-radnate s'tudents of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide 'with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Issue Editor—Deckard Night Editor—Bailey Friday, December 17, 1937
rules. It is called the “positive attack” method of conditioning the human body ... or the “sensation duller.” Good luck!
The Purdue Exponent 812 S. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana, December 17, 1937 Mr. Santa Claus, 11 Icicle BoulevRrd, North Pole, Arctic Region. Dear Mr. Claus: Years ago my friends told me you didn’t exist. . . that you were only a figment of iniagiiiation in my parents’ mind. However, recently I overheard some remarks which lead me to believe that you are a real person after all. The other day after Prom elections. Bob Mueller, Sig-All Campus boss, said, “There is a Santa Claus!” And when we got the Bucket back from Indiana, lost of students said there was a Santa Claus. Now, I’m writing to you in hope that you can fill the following orders for presents. “Second or Squeal”.. Stallings: Please bring me a nice, shining, double-barrelled shotgun because I’ve been reading “Esquire” of late. L. E. Putze: “Please bring me a different first name, as I’m getting tired of being called the ‘Sig beauty, Louise’;” Betty Ann Stewart: “Send me something that will clear up photographic black eyes, for Santa, it really isn’t cricket for a WSGA prexy to have a black eye.” Margarc^t Richey: “Bring me some stilts so I can be even with Kienly.” Paul Humphrey: “Give me a third cheek, as I’m tired of turning these two.” Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Conway: “Will you please bring us some rpbber-baby-buggy-bumpers.” Tomn^y Qraham: “Please bring me an extra auto so I can it to Bartlett instead of letting her drive mine.” Bod Taylor: “Please bring me a good shampoo that won’t ruin my permanent.” Robbie Reid: “Please bring me a television telephone and a date book so I can’t get my dates mixed. Alice Parltm: “Please don’t let Mr. Dammon know I smoke.” (Why Alice, are you on fire?) Delta and Thetas: “Please bring
us a poltical bai’ometer so we can know which side of the fence to be on. We’re tired of being left holding the bag after elections. Walt Burnell, Ferris Traylor, Jim Shoemaker, and Chuck Cole: “Bring us a diploma.” “Red” Rohyans: “Please show me how to get a suck with Dean Enders.” “Moneybags” Siebenthal: “Bring me a dozen gross of red pencils so I can keep the Debris books this year.” Bob Woodworth: “Bring me a job that will keep me busy . . business of handling the athletic directorship and athletic publicity is a pipe.” There are lots more, Santa, but you can bring them next year. Love, The Editor
Today - Saturday Laughs! Heart Throbs! Homauce! tn a Swell Movie i _
Helen Knight Shows Film Of Modern Dance Moving pictures of the modern dance, showing fundamentals and exercises, were shown by Miss Helen Knight, sponsor of Orchesis and instructor in the PEW department yesterday at four o’clock in the Engineering Administration Building lecture room. Approximately 75 people, a half dozen of which were men, attended the show. Some of the pictures shown were of the Bennington School of Dance in Vermont. Some of the dances were originated by students in Chicago and New York.
Today-Satiirday T H E A T R E
'vrith JOHN PAYNE PLUS
dS^
Special ^tiident Busses DECEMBER 18th LEAVING LAFAYETTE for NewYork, N. Y. St. Louis, Mo. Cleveland, Ohio Phone 2105 or 2151 for Rates and Reservations
By Sally McKee Presented with a menu in French, students of Dt- Cattell’s French department should have no qualms, but the rest of us would be in a tight spot. We think of three alternatives. The first to guess, though prompted by our pride, is no,good. To ask the waiter to interpret the menu and then do our own choosing is safest, if we are finicky eaters. To those who enjoy trying and experimenting and eat almost all foods we suggest limiting the price of your dinner and then let the waiter choose for you. it’ll be fim and be assured the waiter will do his very best for you.
Letters to the Editor
Purdue Men Courteous Dear Editor: During the past days of icy streets and rain, I have observed several acts of great charm and courtesy by Purdue men. Two green-capped boys helped a woman carrying large bundles off the street car to her home. ' ' • 'I One boy helped an old man across State street. On the campus, several times co-eds were saved nasty falls by quick help from the eds. Kindness, courtesy have been unconsciously shown by the delightful Purdue men. Appreciative Co-ed.
TODAY - SATURDAY
/DATE)
UUIfORNIAN
SUNDAY — MONDAY JACK BENNY in ‘COLLEGE HOLIDAY”
LORETTA YOUNG and ADOLPH MENJOU in “CAFE METROPOLE’
IS
TODAY—TOMORROW TWO FIRST RyW HITS! ROMANCE WITH MELODY! A Great Love and Laughter. Story With a Glowing Thrilll NINO MARTINI “MUSIC FOR MADAME” JOAN FONTAINE ALAN MOWBRAY -PLUS—
PARIS AFTER MIDN8GHTI ....AND A BEAUTIFUL GIRL accused OF MURDERI
AISD SILLY SYIUPB^qPfY
Friday, December 17, 1937
‘Boris and I won’t collaborate on that play, after all—we couldn’t decide what film company should produce it !”
Even though you’ve paid a high price for the cosmetics you smear on, it is no guarantee that your skin will suffer no ill effects, explains Dr. F. W. Lynch of the medical school at the University of Minnesota. High prices may be caused by expensive advertising and merchandising methods rather than excellent ingredients.
Novel impressions of film favorites by a columnist in the University of Akron Buchtelite: Simone Simon . . . startled gazelle. Hugh Herbert... expectant father; Martha Raye . . . loud noise surrounded by teeth. Bette Davis . . ..soup with a hair in it. Robert Taylor ... a grown-up Lord Fauntleroy.
'e extend to ^ou our wi6ke6 for a kappij and ioi^oad koiidaa deaion.
iai^
Grave’s quality BakeiY
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
Then He Changed to Geisler’s Clothes
Now is the time to take advantage of our MERRY CHRISTMAS SALE’ 20 per cent DISCOUNT On All Suits and Overcoats 500 MAIN ST. I
Cij-PTHES SHOP INC.
■A
ki
Hi[
Friday, December 17, 1937
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
Campus Boxers Compete In Golden Gloves Finals
By H. W. Soderstrom
Before a nice crowd of boxing fans, the final round of the Purdue Golden Gloves tournament came to a close last night with a great exhibition of leather pushing. The session included six final matches with an added exhibition bout between Paul Murphy and Wilmer Hardesty, last year’s Lafayette Golden Gloves champion, in the 126 pound weight.
One of tl^e best matches of the tournament was fought between Woo^hull and Sterns in the 147pound division with Woodhull taking the fight by a hairline decision. In another hard-fought battle Gerald Dix edged out a very close win over Kenneth Mulholland in the
135 pound class.
Family Act
The surprise event of the evening was the bout between Mose and Bob Dilts weighing 77 and 76 pounds respectively. They put on a very good scrap for -the paper weight championship, and the fight ended in a draw. Brothers Allen and John Dilts acted as seconds for the two boys with “Papa” Dilts
carrying on with the referee’s du-
ties.
The results of the bouts last
night were: 118 Pounds
Wilkerson decisioned Rose.
126 Pounds
Murphy and Hardesty (exhibition)
135 Pounds
Dix decisioned Mulholland.
147 Pounds
Woodhull won decision over Sterns Lord decisioned Lidgard.
160 Pounds
Smithson decision over O’Connor.
175 Pounds
Dilts knocked out Grab (1st round)
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jeweky at Moderate Prices
John DrakOf In New Car^ Stops Off For Visit On Way West
By J. S. Brown
Pro football seems to agree with Johnny Drake; at least that is the impression he gave when he stopped over at the SAE house for a few day’s visit early this week. Johnny, traveling in a snappylooking cream-colored convertible coupe, was heading for the west coast, hoping to spend Christmas in Ca||ifornia. He is planning to go to school at the University of California, where he will work on a
master’s degree. Arrived Sunday
With a bunged-up nose and a cut eye as reminders of the season’s football encounters, Johnny arrived here Sunday night, having driven down from Chicago where he attended the championship RedskinBear game that afternoon. He spent all day Monday visiting with the boys, and left early Tuesday morn-
ing for points west.
Outside of the aforementioned minor injuries, he seemed to be in fine shape. When asked how he liked pro football he replied, “Sure, I like it! But I certainly miss the fellows and the good times I had down here at Purdue.”
Fashioning faces out of tin is the hobby of a Baylor University professor. He cuts the tin and bends it to emphasize his idea of line.
OPEN DINING CHRISTMAS dancing VACATION BRIDGE the The Grill-Lounge will be open Christmas vacation. Bring your friends and enjoy a game of bridge or push back the tables and dance. A meal or a variety of sandwiches may be had at any time. JhsL fiwidwL WjufnioucxL lAnimL Corner oif the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
New Type Track Meet Feature T)f Suicide Schedule . By B. D. Witwer The^ other afternoon in the varsity locker room at the Fieldhouse several trackmen looked over this year’s schedule and let out lusty groans in anticipation of many a grueling battle for victories during all of the second semester. Hard Program Coach Phillips seems to have picked out a suicide schedule for his proteges, as the list of opponents shows that it is the toughest competition that the Boilermaker track squad has encountered for many a year. If the track squad does turn in a successfiil season, Phillips will be more than proven because a good year against such a formidable array of competition as confronts the team can only mean that Purdue is witnessing a track program that is on the upgrade. New Relay Meet The feature of this year’s indoor season will be the triangular relay meet with Northwestern and Wisconsin here in the new Fieldhouse. This meet will be the culmination of Coach Phillips’ idea of a new type of track meet, with every event Ming on a team basis instead of individual, as they usually are. For example, Purdue will have three men in the high jump and their aggregate total will count against the other two schools and three places will be given. Likewise for all other regular individual events, they will be on a three man team basis, while the running relays will have the usual four men. This is the first time that anything like this has ever been tried anywhere in the United States. Phillips worked out this idea during the fall when he ran a tournament between the four classes in fall track, the whole program turning out a definite success. The entire schedule follows: Indoor—Feb. 12, North Central; Feb. 19, triangular with Wisconsin and Northwestern; Feb. 26, Northwestern; March 5, Illinois relays; March 11, 12, feig Ten meet; March 19, Butler relays; March 26, Chicago relays. Outdoor — April 16, Michigan State, at Lansing; April 23, Illi' nois, at Champaign; April 30, thp Drake relays; May 7, Quadrangular with Northwestern, Pittsburgh, an^ Minnesota, at Evanston; May 14, Marquette; May 20, 21, Big Ten meet; May 28, Indiana State meet; June 4, Central Intercollegiate meet and June 18, the National Intercollegiate meet, at Minneapolis.
fou a
Wukyc
%rr\^ (^Lndtmad -.J^appi^ Yieiv ^6 MOORE and KEMPLE
ear
Tally-Ho and Good Cheer
May your every wish be granted as we send you our Christmas greetings and l^est thoughts for the New Year.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
84 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
Chicago Net Fane Will See Purdue Five In Action During HolMaye
Boilmmiaker basketball fans who will be in Chicago during the holidays will have an opportunity to see the Gold and Black team play two games, both of which should provide plenty of interest. Meet DePaal Tomorrow The DePaul game tomorrow night will be played in the 132nd Armory, 2653 West Madison St. The contest is tentatively scheduled to begin at 8:30 o’clock. Reserved seats are $1.25, while geneTal admission in the end zone is 756eents. The Boilermakers are scheduled to meet the Loyola quintet next Monday night. The scene of this battle will be the Loyola Gymnasium on Chicago’s north side, one block north of the intersection of Devon and Sheridan Road. The gym is conveniently located less than a block from the Elevated.
Fossils of trilobites, a species of crab, 400,000,000 years old, have been discovered by Dr. Lowell R. Laudon, professor of paleontology at the University of Tulsa, Okla.
Davismen Walfop Cary Hall Neflers House of Davis basketball stars continued their drive toward a ward championship last night with their seventh victory in as many games this season as they walloped a previously undefeated Cary Hall combination (Ward 6) by a 48 to 20 score. The Davismen piled up a halftiine lead of 32 to 4. Leading scorer of the evening was the winners’ big Bill Devaney, with 18 points. Corem and Higgins, also of the House of Davis collected nine points each, while Egnatz, Barrett, and Pearch scored eight, two, and two markers respectively, for the winning team. Cary Hall’s scorers were, Shiley, eight points; Chester, four; Prusiecki, four; NeiF, two; and Streifthan, two.
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
641 Main St. Lafayette
(UL a, ^Ylfbuuup JCmcUL
and, a.
Pha&ant Oaxxdhm,
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
er Hosierij
A bdy's shadow describes the sheerness of ARCHER Hosiery. Yet in spite of this elusive Ipeauty. ARCHER crepe chiffons are durable and their loveliness is lasting. You may obtain ARCHER Hosiery in all the most striking fall colors ^t our hosiery counter. THIEHE & WANGEKIN CO |l9w location 622-626 Main St4 i
MlSWSWt
wm
I
warn
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
/
Fiiday. December 17, 1937
WAA Announces Riflery Teams For Competition Riflery teams were announced Wednesday by Doris Christenson, head of WAA riflery. Co-eds were chosen on the basis of the highest scores made in the intramural tournament and in the open class meetings. The teams are: Freshman—Bernice Beisel, Jean Holden, Jean Holmond, Manette Hollingsworth, Marjorie Seihert, Marilyn McKnight, Mary Louise Riley, Yvonne Holden, Mariam White, Betty Smith; alternates, Joyce Burnham and Dor6thy Jean Hendrickson. Sophomores—^Eleanor Fink, June Young, Helen Bailey, Ruth Osborne, Mary Lou Hinchman, Mary Clymer, Florrie Caldwell, Josephine Cook, Ruth Maddock; alternate, Gaby Roe. Juniors—Elizabeth Maier, Marjorie Rogers, Edith Whinery, Helen Muterspaugh, Irene Boehm, Janette Shaffer, Betty Soehner, Mar-
Ewing Expounds Dielectric Fields Basic laws of electrostatics are likened to the primary roots of a tree, in the December Electrical Engineering’s article “The Dielectric Field,” written by Prof. D. D. Ewing of the University electrical engineering school. Electrical Engineering is a monthly technical journal published by the American Institute of Electri-' cal Engineers.
garet Ide, Marjorie Pierce, Margaret Johnson, Dpris Christenson; alternates, Joyce Davison and Jean Bailey. Seniors— Mary Knapp, Emily Tubbs, Jeanne Stiles, Mary Ellyn Deleplane, Mary Louise Hess, Margaret Jenkins, Roselyn Jackson, Frances Doyle, and Jean Soehner. A round robin class riflery tournament will begin the week after Christmas vacation.
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
B&okatorea
±
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a CloUege Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic BR. PAUL A. BISK BR. HAROLB J. RISK DR. ROBRRT O. RISK BR. LUTHKR A. ]»BK 4th ft Main Phone 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Ml Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 AFTER OTHERS FAIL TRY QUILLAR T. SMITH PODIATRIST Specialise in Corns, Bnnions and In«rroVn Toe Nails - EXAMINATIONS FREE “LIMP IN AND WALK OUT” Office Honrs 8:30 A. M. to 6 P. M. Office 626 Main St. Phone 7727 Residence 1126 N. l&th Phone 86781 — Confectionery — Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Condy Glcrtz's Coniecitonery Mean and Sixth Sts. —-Taxi Service — The ThinMncr Fellow Calls A YELLOW V-S FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenxor any part of city 5023—Phones—3071 YELLOW CAB CO. —- Shoe Repmr ^ BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
DINE
audi^
DANCE
AFTERNOON and EVENING U. S. S2 at tindhaigli Read --- LockBnUth —~ “CrCARIRR for Kara — Locks — Goaoral Repatriaa Knife and Scissor Grindinv Now L.C.N. and Norton Door Chec^ Opes Eveidaga Ph. SS91 8t«te>BInlR, W. L»
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Antosishlls ksr and lock snrvlco onr ■pMiUlyro 1* XL M. Door Closor Bistrihetsw 209*211 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
— Hardwoare
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality F/owers Main at 7th Phone 6050
CLARK’S FLORAL COMPANY • " ,e ' Most cxclusiTo aasertniont of car* ■Macs available to Pardua Stndanta. 527 Main Phone S4SS
SeJthJ’h/dii Inc. 6SS Main St. in Lnna Thoatra BnUdlna Phone 7955—8050 Jewelry-^ R. J. BATH Watch Maker 605 Main Street
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it welL Wallace Block 322 Ferry St Opposite t*ost Office
‘Printing’
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
^Office Stalloncryr. Wedding InvIUllont
PHONE - S.I..B00IC..E.C., 2 62 8 CASSEL’S 408FERRy
Furniture —
Student Equipment J-juAniioM 425 Columbia St Phone 27MI Beauty Studdo ,
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Choir Presents Messiah Tonight At ME Church “The Messiah,” famous choral interpretation of the Christmas spirit, will be presented by the choir of the West Lafayette Methodist Episctopal Church at 8 p. m. tonight in the church. The choir, which is composed of 60 voices, contains 20 University students. Mrs. Howard M. Anderson will conduct the organizatioxL Photography Course Limited To 12 Students Prof. J(. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school, announced yesterday that it will be necessary to limit enrollment in photography 142 next semester to not more than 12 students. The limit is necessary because a larger group will overcrowd the dark rooms.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Green and brown WAHLOXFORD fountain pen. Reward. Call Hurst, 76724.
LOST—^pearled Kappa pin. Reward. Call Treva Berry, 4079.
Notices No Notices Accepted Alter 8 p.ia.
Activity Bureau: Will be closed until January 6. j—JACOBSON. University Students: Will everyone who is interested bring a 10-cent toy or 10 cents for poor children to the YWCA office by the evening of December 21. —BROWN.
Tan Beta Pi: Initiation banquet postponed until January 6, 1938. Plages may obtain their keys this week from me pfter 7 p. m. at 488 Vine street. ' —GREIGER.
WAA Deck Tennis: These games must be played December 17 at 4 p. m.: Boehm,
Ber^a, : 01ynd|er, Sholty, Morris, Mouneq, Shaffer, Dodsotn, Jenkfhs, Cook, Toqten, and Schmoe. —JENKINS,
Orchestra: No practice because of basketball game. Please attend movies in Engineering Administration Building at 6 p. m. December M8. * —HARRY.
Wesley Foundation: Will the student who lost a meal ticket for O. K. Cafe please call for it before December 18. —MePADDEN.
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Meeting in ^oom C of Union 7 :16 p. m. December 17. —BARACCIOLO,
Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 201 of the Education Building January 8 from 1 to 4 p. m. In view of readjustments In the chemistry department work, it will be advisable for all students still having unremoved C’s
•In dhemistry 1 and 2 to attempt removal at this time. Make application for the exam at room 210 of the CJhemlstry Building before January 8. -^HAAS, McBEE, TEST, ALLEN. Cosmopolitan Club: Regular meeting will be held at 7:15 p. m., December 17, in Rootn A of the Union. —GERLACH.
WAA Riflery: Practice for class tournament; January 8 and 4: 7:16 p. m., freshmen : 7:80, sophomores ; 7 ;46, juniors ; and 8 p. m., seniors. One practice is required for participation in Idle class tournament. Alternates must have one practice, -rCttRISTENSON.
I
Purdue Engineer: All staff members report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. December 17. —GILBERT.
Ail Sophomore Union Workers: Gome to Music Room at 4 p; m. December 17. —TURNER.
It wouldn’t seem like Christmas if you didn’t wear a Crown Cleaned Suit.
FINE C L E A N E R S OF FIN E C LOTH E S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
May we take this opportunity to extend to you our best greetings of the season and wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year.
Corner of the Campus—-Yet the Center of Activities
J
;