‘‘Luck%Tlieme|i^o*#n<j?c</ 14 Fears "Ago Today
Pres. EUiott Students Attend Initial Employment Lecture In Eliza Fowler Hall “BeUe% in luck, blit do not de pend on it”, was the theme of President Elliott’s address to 300 students yesterday afternoon in Fowlen Hall in the first of a series of employment lectures. He- illustrated this “distinctiye paradox” by pointing out numerous incidences in his own life and his friends’ which could be credited only to chance. The, Exponent came in for a gen^ erous share of comment when reference as made to a clipping which appeared in the corner of a pfevious edi^tion, “iyhcte dccasibnal bits of philoapphy are hidden.” The article, a progression of “tions” of an undergraduate’s life which started with hesitatibh: and ended with graduation, Ws a™6bd®d P*’* Eliiott to that which appears in the adjacent box. He traced the student’s life beginning with the high school Graduation, and kept the entire group together through Competition, but there occured a separa tion into two parts; those who continued to advance and those who found setbacks, both temporary and
permanent.
“ ‘Success is good luck with just enough brains not to stand in the w;ay of it’ ”, Dr. Elliott quoted, and elaborated by relating the account of one alumnus who, after four years, came to him seeking a job, but had not learned during his undergraduate experiences of the personnel department and its services. Another applicant lost the privilege of an interview with a prospective employer when he noted the absence of a common courtesy—that of removing the hat. “Your success is not entirely ability,” Dr. Elliott said, “but it is ability times an index factor of chance.” In closing, the value of friends was emphasized as being a definite factor in the equation for success
^ 1
9 JTa I
President8 i. Progression Of The Vndergrmduute
Gradiiatlon. Aspnratiom , ■ Emiilatiom Application Orientation Kecitation Examination COMPETITION 1
Protoation '1- .
“Have them and hold them” said, “but don’t misuse them.”
he’
Reception Planned For Irwin Tuesday Will Irwin, distinguished journalist, will be entertained at a reception by the Student Union after the University convocation Tuesday evening, according to an announcement last night. The reception will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building and will be open to the general pnblic.
Exaltation • Dnplication Completidm Graduation
Frustration Suljjugatiom - Elimination
Determination Exertion Accumulation Graduation ■
Presidcjiits - Coimcil Plsciisses Probation Members of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council held a dinner meeting at the Alpha Gamma Kho house last nighij. A rather prolonged nieeting; including a discussion of pi’obation week, methods of enforcing study hours, and other topics, followed dinner. J. N. McConnell, president of the Council, spoke briefly concerning his recent trip to New York to attend the National Interfraternity Council convention.
Dr. Jose Antonio Lopez, former Ohio University. student, may be the next governor of Puerto Kico.
PI A To Give Valentine Day
Dance-!. Next Thursday ..
P. I. A. will hold a Valentine Dance Thursday, February 13, from 4 to 6 in the Union ballroom. Provisions will be made for those members and their dates who would rather play cards than dance. Refreshments will be served at the
conclusion of the social.
Foreign Policy Associution Sponsors Neutrality Contest
All University undergraduate students are eligible for participation in a new editorial contest on the subject, “Will Neutrality Keep Us Out Gf War ?” for which a total of $75 and other prizes will be awarded to those writing the best answering) editorials. The Foreign Policy Association, which is sponsoring the contest, has done praiseworthy w^rk in the study of foreign
relations,'accorciing to a statement made by Newton D. Baker, former secretary of war, and this contest is a part of its study into the subject of the neutrality legislation
now before Congress.
The editorials must have a maxi mum of i,000 words and must be submitted to the office of the Student Secretary, Foreign Policy Association, 8 West Fortieth Street, New York City, not later than March 15. A copy of the editorial must also be submitted to the editor of the Exponent on March 16; however, if the editorial submitted to this paper is not accepted, the original will still be considered in
the national contest.
Each paper submitted must be
accompanied by the author’s signed statement that the work is original and not copied from any source, together with his name, department, and address of the University must also appear on the student’s statement; however, the name of neither student nor instructor must appear on the editorial itself. The jfidges wrill be four authorities on foreign policy, two of them editors of periodicals devoted to that subject. Their announcement of the winning papers will be made in -the May 1 issue of the Foreign Policy Bulletin and the editorial winning first prize will appear in the May 6 issue of The Nation.
Prizes
The first prize will be $6,0, the second, $25. Each of the next five winners will receive a one year subscription to The Nation. Five fourth prizes, consisting of one year student memberships in the Foreign Policy Association, will be awarded to the next five winners. Further details of the contest and a descrip tion of the association will be found on the bulletin board in University Hall (English Building).
32 Attend First Forum Religion Brings Out Divergence Of Opinion More than 30 students attended the initial open forum in the Memorial Union Building last night. The subject, “Comparative Religion” was discussed from a philosophical standpoint, with the entire group participating in the discussion. Although there was a wide divergence of opinion on the various topics, all of the phases of the subject were discussed thoroughly. The general concensus of opinion, however, seemed to be that religion is a response to worship something beyond what is commonly known as the human realm. F. K. Howard was chairman of the forum. Dorothy Kuehn, Union co-ed vice-president, is in general charge of the meetings. It was announced that “Contemporary Philosophy” will be the subject for discussion at the forum next week. The meeting will be held next Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union
Building.
Union Plans Approved ^eb.7yl922
By C. Harper, Jr.
Fourteen years ago today the University Board of Trustees met at a special meeting and passed their approval bn plans of the present Memorial Union Building as submitted to them by the Building Committee of the Union, and Pond and Pond, Chicago, architects for the structure. The Union Board- of Governors had previously ratified the plans and recommended them
to the ,Trustees,
The ratification marked the culmination of two years of work itt “securing for Purdue of today and Purdue of tomorrow the most desir able and comi/lete building of its kind in the country”. In designing the plans, the committee and . the architect tried to take in every need of the student body into account, and this was done by making study and survey of the University community so that the structure could be designed in such a, way as to have the appearance and general atmosphere to “typify” the spirit of the University.
Study Made y-
Statistics were compiled concerning the number of students who ate regularly at restaurants, the • Continued on page 4)
Bill Ho^aiiaihdhig thirteen
as Vpe^list, will provide the syhebpation as 300 couples dance from 0 pnlal 1 o’clock toiiijght at the Interfraterhil^ BaH iii the Mehidrial Union baUrboin* Tickets will remain on sale at the $2 price until 4 b’clbck this afternobh; and the remauideHT
of the programs will be distributed froni 4 to 6 p. m. today from the check room in
the Memorial IMon B^ Hogan, featuring a girl trio, has
recently completed engagements at several bright'spots, and is now bn tour. His orchestra has furnished the musical background for more than 30 motion pictures, and has a notable reputation as entertainers.
All-Campus Affair
J. N. McConnell, president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council which is sponsoring the ball, last night emphasized the fact that the dance is hot restricted to fraternity men, and that it should be considered as an all-campus affair. The
FRATEENITJES
Be sure to bring enlarged badges to Union ballroom by 4 o’clock this afternoon. --McConnell
Howland Speaks Before Tail Beta Pi The idea of progress as set forth by various modern thinkers was the theme of Professor W. E. Howland of the Civil Engineering department last night in his speech before members of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, at a banquet meeting in the Reception Room of the Memorial Union Building. Before the sixty members present at the meeting. Professor Howland traced the historical development of the notion of progress from its in ception in the days of the Rennais sance. “The conception of the advancement of the race through reason furnishes a practical working philosophy fOr the engineer.” R. W. Strauss acted as toastmaster.
announces PLEDGING Pirathon announces the pledging of A. V. Gaulke, Hales Corners,
Wisconsin.
Professor Johnson Revues: Plays Members of the Purdue Women’s club and their guests were privileged to hear Prof. Gertrude -E. Johnson, of the University of Wisconsin speech department, when she revued several of the plays now on Broadway, in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock. Miss Johnson, who is one of the most outstanding authorities on interpretive reading in the country, and who has written sqveral books on the subject, was introduced by Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael, chairman of the drama section Of the
club.
More Women In Theater In her talk yesterday afternoon, Miss Johnson spoke .first on the theater in general, stating that the position of Women in the theater is rising, and that more and more women are becoming connected with it, either in the field of acting or writing., ^ In her discussiO|b of plays, she said that Rip Van ' Winkle was the first play she ever witnessed. Miss Johnson asserted that she is not a critic, but just gives her own personal opinion, omitting the plots, of the plays which' she revues. Among the plays included in her discussion were: Dead End, FifM Lady, Victoria Regina, Boy Meets Girl, Winter Set, Ethan Frome, Porgy and Bess, Jumbo, Jubilee and A.t Home Abroad. Following the address, tea was served in the faculty lounge; where Dean Matthews, Mrs. E. C, Elliott, Dean Stratton and Dr. O'Shea presided at the tea tables.
attendance, however, has been limited to about 300 couples, in order to keep the crowd down to a (lahce-
able size.
The backdrop will symbolize the fraternity spirit with a picture of two men shaking hands. It will be done in silver, black and white. The white leather programs, which have a gold University seal embossed on the cover, may be obtained upon presentation of ticket stubs. The fronts of the music stands win show a silhouette of the key of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, while the badges of campus fraternities will be hung around the walls of the ballroom. W. S. G. A. has extended hours for co-eds until 2 a. m., an hour after the conclusion of
the dance.
WSCvA Postpoiies Co-ed MaritalLecture ■ The co-ed marital lecture scheduled for Tuesday, February 11, has been changed to Wednesday, February 12, according to an announcement made by the W. S. G. A. office last night. Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss win speak on the “Physical Aspects of Marriage”. The lecture will be held in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
Siiig
FouF Soloigfs WRI Be Featured At Soiitli
: Bend" '
Wendell C. Compton, Josephine Friend, Riley ShuHileworth, and Charlotte F. Stewaft will be featured as soloists with the University Concert Choir in a variety program of Sacred and secular music to be; given Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock vesper services at the First Methodist . Episcopal church . in South Bend. J. Robert HanunoUd, who will play several organ selections in addition to accompanjnng the choir, is, assistant organist of the church. Violin solos by Eddie Mac Browne will also he included in the program. Following the concert, the choir will he guests of the
church at dinner. Second Concert
At 7:30 o’clock the Concert Choir will sing a program coirtprised of sacred music !for the congregation of the Elkhart Presbyterian church. The concert has been arranged by Mrs. Grace V. Compton and Karp Kauffman, a former member of the choir. Mrs. Compton, who is the mother of Wendell Compton, manager of the Concert Choir; and the treasurer of the musical organizations, has invited the group to be her guests after the concert.
New Lambda Chi Officers Lambda Chi Alpha announces the election of the following officers : R. S. Blocker, president; B. B. Baughn, vice president; R. A. Pence, social chairman; and W. B. Riechers, sec
retary.
Co-ed Burns Feet With Gleaning Acid Rannah Ryall, a freshman student in the pharmacy school, was badly burned by spilling a strong cleaning fluid on her feet yesterday when she Was working in the laboratory of the Pharmacy Building. She was promptly given first aid and is now resting in the Women’s Residence Infirmary. According to Dr. Miller, of the student health service, her condition is good and she will be released in a short time. Dr. Miller has received many cases of bruised knees and elbows during the last two days, as a result of students falling on, the ice. The condition of J. Lowell Taylor, freshman science student, who broke his back on Tuesday morning, is good, but he will be confined for quite some time.
Campus Subjects Unearthed
By J. R. Hammerstadt.
Back in the nineties, there was a young man at Purdue who had the talent and ability to draw amazingly clever and humorous cartoons. At one particular time he drew a set of nine lar ge pictures on campus subjects—-several of professors who were here at that time, one of a football game in 1891, one of his friend, George Ade, and several haying some of the older buildings on the campus as a background. The, creator of these drawings was John T. McCutcheon, at that time a recent Purdue graduate, now one of the foremost cartoon-
ists in the country.
No one remembers now what these cartoons were oi'iginally drawn for, possibly for decorative purposes at a dance or a homecoming celebration, or perhaps just for the fun of drawing. At any rajte the cartoons were made, and, after they had served their purpose, Wefe stored away at the meeting place
of the Sigma Chi fraternity, of which McCutcheon is a member .
Drawings Forgotten
As is inevitable, many classes came and went, and soon the clever drawings were forgotten about, to be left in some dark comer, unnoticed. Since the drawings wmre made, in 1891, the meeting place of the fraternity has been changed Several times, but for some reason the drawings have always moved with it like some faithful foROwer. Recently, however, the cartoons were discovered rolled up in some little used closet of the Sigma Chi house and brought once again into light. They were idOntified^^^a^^ the work of McGuteheon, an4, althotigh it is impossible to determine their exact purpose, the drawings remain as good examples of the famous cartoonist’s early work. The cartoons will be sent to OMcago; 'where Mr. McCutcheon will ^touch them, after which they will be framed and hung in the Sigma Chi house.
J.
I I$nr}iue Founded in 1883
, ,■t9SW836^ Member Associate Collegiate Press ^ ^ .. Distributor:'ofv; -’s ■:. ':CODLBGlAmPICISBT . .y-:. Ilottbeir of National Collere Press Association, Big; Ten jBlditorial As^aiidn BsceluBively Bepresented by National Advertising Se^co, Inc, , 42C'Madison Ayemie, Key YorS City , : ; : , . / ■.. • SSnterOd as second class matter at the post Office, :X4Bfayette, lndia,na. Delivered by null, f8.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2,50 per year; sold by Single copy, 2 cents,
Phone 6088
MAIN OPFtCE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
SDITOMAD STAFF ^ Bditotvin>Chief—~... Msuaaging Editor.^— Assooiate Biditors.:...
N, V. HensCr
H. Campbell
....„._.A. M. ChMteeh, 0. M, .Hardin, W. T. Hunt, B. H, Morris, M. G. Walther
Snorts. Editor . . . . .... E» Hays Associate Spoi^ Editors —^ —,.....„,.D,P. Miill, R H. W^pole, IX WTOd SopbOmore .Assistants K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, R. L. Cribb, A. H. ForstCT,
C. Harper, Jr.. M. Kohr, E. P. Manion, D. M. Meaoham, C. U Sadler
G. F* ROOuemore, R. 0. Schenck, J. L. VonHarz
Bold and Black Editor.„„—— —W. R. Abbott
Business Manager.^ Ad'vertising Manager Advertising Assistants..
BUSINESS STAFF
.W. A. Koch
....H. F. Antonini
..L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
Editor — Associate Editors...-: — Advertising Manager-..—
WOMEN’S STAFF ---I—..-. - ...... Joyce -WilUams ............Nelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ........ .Joaephine Perkins
Isslie Editor—K, A» Barnette.
Friday, February 7, 1936.
Basketball Seating And A FieMhonse Yesterday this column carried an opinion by a student entitled, “Kesents Seating Plans” in which there was expressed a resentment of the present arrangement of alloting space at basketb^l games. Several erroneous ideas should be made clear for the benefit of the student body. The statement which expressed indignation concerning the fact that lower floor seats were sold as general admission to the public is wholly in error. The entire lower floor has been reserved for staff members and students who purchased athletic coupon hooks, and the only “outsiders” who are admitted are those who present student books. This practice of scalping by students who are given the privilege of a low entrance fee and then rent the books at high prices is a current problem in other institutions, too. At Michigan it has been partially eliminated by requiring personnel pictures to be fixed to the b^k, hut even then it is not eliminated. The use of athletic books is an aid to students, and the cooperation of the student body is the only way that false users can be eliminated. Cooperation is urged, rather than resentment toward the athletic department for not providing seats for the “ringers”. A thumbnail sketch of basketball history and the accomniodations provided show that three years ago, the Memorial Gymnasium was used for all contests. At the better games, crowds made it necessary for students to stand the entire game on the track of the balcony. This was almost totally eliminated when the hew high school facilities afforded more modem facilities and a fifty percent increase in capacity. The change to an off-campus location involved cohsiderable expense and inconvenience. When a group of alumni get together, especially those intensely interested in athletics, the talk eventually drifts to a field house. Yes, Purdue needs a fieldhouse and it needs it badly. It would bring the games back to the campus and eliminate the cramped facilities. But let it not be overlooked that a university is not made up of buildings and a stadium, but rather its assets are centered around that group of men and women which makes up the faculty and the product that is produced. Purdue has been promised a fieldhouse when the expenditure permits, and until then Cary Hall East will have an empty field across the street, and late arrivers at the Jeff Gym. will continue to stand while Lambert’s proteges fight for the top rung of the ladder. The Northwestern University bulletin of 1861 said: “Young men at college have very little need for pocket money and parents leaving minor sons at the university are advised to entmst their funds to some members of the faculty who will attend to the payment of their bills, and render an account thereof regularly charging for the service a commission of three per cent. By this course one of the strongest tempta tions of the young will be avoided,” But Doctor, I DO need a pencil! ImagiHary Collegians The collegian is one of the most talked about persons in the country today. He is portrayed in the movies, in the magazines and newspapers, and even over the radio. The characterizations are usually such, however, that the person who has no actual contact with campus activities, must have a wierd conception of the individuals who attendpur colleges and universities. Movies portray college students as athletes, young men in love, and young women willing to be in love. If any studying is being done it is because there is to be a deciding examination the next day. Time is spent mostly in dancing, telephoning, athletics, and making merry. Student living quarters resemble a club room, and the campus looks like a country club grounds. The professors are usually narrow-minded, grouchy old men who have long since forgotten how to play. Magazine articles describe college in a somewhat different light. College might be good for some individuals, but it is the ruin of others; the senior knows less than when he was a freshman; fraternities and sororities promote snobbery ; college professors are either atheists or communists, or both and should not be allowed to instruct youth as to the ways of the world; intercollegiate athletics is wasted eff ort and should be discontinued. These pnd a million and one other ideas are conceptions one might get from reading modern magazines. College publications are not exempt. They are prone to portray their institution as the sorriest in the country. The instructors are rotten; the buildings are inadequate for their present use; and sports and society are the most important
news.
If a person were to visit the modern campus, hoyrever, he would probably discover that although students burning with a desire for knowledge are rare, the majority are enthusiastic about the place where they are going to school, and are interested in their studies. He would also find that most professors are human and are doing the best they can in the interest of the students. He would find that students spend a comparatively small amount of time in athletics, social events, and other such activities. And finally he would discover that the majority of the students are sane and sensible, and pursue college in a business-like way.—C. M. H.
narrouilyMh» Death , , In Freak Accidents Be In By Febniary 9 ]
Hollyvfrjood—(AOP)—Musctilar ' “Btiistei'” Cr&bbe felt of his head of'ten one day. last week just
It seems to be a matter of gener'. al Opinion that sdlise and taste in social usage have taken a decided turh for the^ 1^ as the yeSiB have passed. Perhaps one would be safe in coining a phrase, aiid shy; Vre are becoming ‘‘less Emily Post conscibiis”. blot that a plafeForm of “spopn in the cpp and peaB with the knife” advisable, hut I think it is safe td say that we are becoming more sensible about matters of etiquette. While browsing about the dead section of our library I brought from its grave—between “Hymns of the American People” and “Pilgrim’s Progress”--a book called “Gentlemen”, which, though serious in intent, reads like a humorous essay. On the third page of the book I find the year of its publication—1892. 'The Volume is most thoughtfully written, and deals mainly with the proper dress and in part with the correct social habits of gentlemen during the relatively' recent period of the early nineties. Perhaps I am being top modern in my belief that the social code as described in this book is antiquated enough to be truly amusing. I fear that I must^iread lightly in this field, for it is safe to say that no small percentage of those with us today learned their manners at the time that “Gentlemen” was a best seller. But I’ll give an example to defend my opinion. A good dozen or so pages of the book are headed “Actions Outdoors”, and deal with that subject. In this section we find a paragraph pertaining to the correct method of—shall we say—getting next to a lady acquaintance on the street, It seems that if the gentleman is walking in the same direction as the lady, the situation offers no serious difiiculties; but woe to the man who sees a lady coming toward him on the sidewalk. The correct procedure may be quoted froiri the book as follows: the gentleman must walk on past the lady, making ho sign of recognition; then after he has gone a few paces he may make a right about to join her, walking in her direction. Beside the fact that the man may not want to go her way, it has always seemed to me unsportsmanlike to attack from behind. 'The book goes on to suggest that the Newport Drag pace (which sounds as though it might be hard on the shoes) is best adapted for keeping step -with a lady. Search as I would, I found no explanation of how the Newport Drag is exe-
cuted.
Then there are references to such matters as not allowing the whip to dangle in the lady’s face when on a drive; though the idea presents rather a humorous picture to us now, such a caution, I can well imagine, might have been necessary in the horse and buggy days. And pardon, sirs, but you pedagogues out of the gay nineties are probably saying with a shake of the head, “Ah, for the good old days when a gentleman was a gentleman.” It’s all right with me; you can take your deep bows and I’ll gently nod the head, and perhaps we’ll both be happy. —^Arthur Bradbury.
WBAA . . Today 11:0D—Sociology Lecture. Prof. Noss. 11 :B0-^New8 Flaahea. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. H. R. Kraybill. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12 :80—^Helen Downin, organist. 12:46—^Athletic Review. 1:00—Electrical Engineering Shoi Course. 1:16—Mary Ann Godfrey, contralto. 1:80—^The Apothecary. 1:46—Final Markets, 1:46—Final Markets. 2:00—-The Radio Playshop. 2:30—Lafayette Music Society.
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
WARNER OLAND in
Miss Eddie Mm Brown To Give Concert Sunday Eddie Mae Browne, violin soloist, will be featured with the University Concert Choir in a program to be given. Sunday, Peb. 16, at 4 o’clock, in the Presbyterian church. The Presbyterian church choir, conducted by Albert P. Stewart, is sponsoring the program in order ifo raise a scholarship fund for Miss Browne. A voluntary offering will be. taken. Eddie Mae Browne is a populaT soloist of Lafayette and has accompanied the University Concert Choir and Glee Clubs on their out of town trips for the last four years. She has studied with Mrs, Maria V. Cattell and at present is taking lessons from Hugh McCibbeny, of Indianapolis. A large repertoire of memorized music has won her appreciative audiences both in the city and in the state.
Edw, Everett Hortoii. in “Her Master’s Voice”
Don’t marry while in college. The success of a matrimonial venture depends upon matching personalities and no character is the same after four years in college.—Prof. Walter Beck of Boston University.
A He TODAY - SATURDAY
T_H E A T R I
To the Editor: All us gals have taken, arms Against you Purdue men, Yes, boys, wB’re out to find a man Who really is a man! VitBmins ydu geem to heed j, EoimeUj'ahdfeand E; You surge along #ith smiles aloof; : You bore us cdnstantlyv Why don’t yoh leBrh that “trhek- : ;;ln’ ”:;stepj; V/'; ’Cause rhythms ain’t no hrimet. Get in thB know, ori.1. U.::Meh Are-going to ‘‘beat your time”!: Stolen ... from Eanie, *36; Meaniei, 37;: . ]Rliney,:*38; .. ' Moe, ’39. If you’re wondering why Jane McCoy is standing up in all her classes—well, the Theta pup does not like baby talk and being a dog of action—he bit. Ya can’t Pin nothin’ on me. I ain’t done nothin’. I’m still tryin’. —An Alfa-zee. It is rumored that three out of five of the Interfraternity Dance dates will be “imports”. Looks like a new deal, gals. . , English. C ’ - Darn he! Me hate he! Me wish he were died. . He told I he loved I, But dam he, he lied. .—mini. “And how’s your girl ?” “That’s my business.” “Well, how’s business?” Some of the Beauty Ballots look like B & B material but the Chief says: “They are ineligible, even for the Poor Pun Prize.” Sorry! Art Lockwood, Fiji blonde popular, announced last night that he is officially out of circulation. Pifi Jane Hankins, former Boilermakeress and now an N. U. co-ed, is the possessor of his diamond. She is wearing it outside now.
one day last week just to make certain he still had it after a narrow escape from decapitation. “Lucky, that’s all,” said Crabbe, third movie star to be imperiled recently in a wave of freak accidents
at the studios.
Collapse of a huge glass swimming tank gave Crabbe his anxious
moments.
A flying dagger came so close to Ronald Coleman on another set that it nicked his nose. And pretty Prances Parmer has a quick-thinking technician to thank for prevention of a deadly camera magazine explosion. Crabbe was doing under-water scenes for B picture when the glass tank cracked under the weight df 15 tons Of water. His neck, chest and arms were scratched deeply as he was sucked through a jagged
hole.
“Another inch and I’d have been the headless horseman, Crabbe said afterward. Hollywood’s professional knife thrower, SteVe Clemente, doubled for Claudette Colbert in tossing the dagger at a post directly in front of Coleman. The knife struck the post’s curved side, glanced off and cut the actor’s nose. Coleman was unperturbed, but Director Prank Lloyd, his face ashen, hastily ordered deletion of the scene. Miss Parmer was near a huge camera when celluloid film caught fire in an airtight magazine. The threatened “flareback”, a deadly explosion, is the dread of every studio. Cliff Shyrpsir, a technician, jerked open the door and dragged out the smouldering reels, burning himself severely.
, An Invitiiig . Dance Studio We offer you one of the finest dancing: school in Indiana. It makes instruction a greater pleasure than yon realized. New Beginners’ Class In Social Dancing for Adults : Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m. . New advanced class Peb. 14 ALjLEN^S 8th a Ferry
Three meals a day can’t produce maximum physical and mental efficiency, say Yale physiologists. They recommend more frequent and more moderate feedings.
BUCK JONES in “Hello TroiiMe” and “ADVENTURES OP REX AND RINTY"
. Petitions for freshman representatives to W. S. G. A. executive board must be turned in to Helen Hall by 6 o’clock on February 9. ' At a general mass meeting at 4 o’clock on February 12 in the Memorial Union Building one girl from these nominees will be electfed te occupy this position for the remain-^
der of the semester.
The petition should read: “I, the undersigned, nominfite ‘Nominee’s Name’ as freshman representative on the executive board of W. S. G. A.”, followed by the signature df t^h^-five -^eshman wdttieh, Alse petitions for all other offices in the organization should be in before the
next mass uieeting. ^
Several cnanges in the constitution and by-laWs of W.S. G. A. ■ will be presented to the members at this ttieeting. The most inipoftBnt proposed Ones are changes in the personnel of the executive board and a variation in the time of installing new members of the judicial board. Various* changes in committees will also be discussed. Ohio State laboratories use 5,000' frogs a year, at 15 cents apiece.
i
Plus TAILSPIN TOMMY' “The Great Air Mystery”
NewMAIM PINAL TODAY “The Case of the Lincky Legs” WARREN WILLIAM PATRICIA ELUS . ALLEN JENKINS also '“I Live for Love” DOLORES DEL RIO . . EVERETT MARSHALL. ■ ,
SATURDAY “It’s a Small World” and HARD ROCK HARRIGAN
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
TODAY and Saturday
ON OUR STAGE Something Different in Stage Shows THE V. KITKAT CLUB REVUE Featuring ^ . SIB PAGE : : and His Laugh Brigade
. PEGGY EARLE AND BEATRICE AND RUTH HUDIE ^ ^ ' “Kit Kat Beauties 40 — People
THE SHOW OF A 1000 NOVELTIES
Children.........
.15c
Balcony.
.25c
Main Floor.....
..30c
NIGHT
Children.........
:.lSc
Balcony.:...
:.30c
Main Floor.....
..4l0c
•
STAGE SHOWS at 3:30 - 7:30 - 9:30
FRANGHOT TONE MADGE EVANS - STUART ERWIN in “EXCLUSIVE STORY”I 'V, , . ,/ ■■ '<1 . , ,, i'/
Swimmers To I , V '" i!k , I .«iMid4. ^
. \'i ' It AT ' ■ W - ini'*
^Heyball Gaides
LaBree Chooses L.iiieup For Coolest At Champaign Tomorrow By Bob Walpole Cbach librry LaBree's Boiletmaker mermen -will makb their second attempt to get Into the cbnference ■winning column Saturday when the team' journeys to Champaign to meet the strong Ulini Swimmers, The Old Gold and Black splash squad js minus the services of seven regulars due to ineligibilities and injuries, Uliheis bddsts Jonfe of ^the strottgr^; est teain? in the Big^ tins sea,; soni basing their strength around Captain Hank' Hansohv a; menib^ of last year’s All^imencah smmf iners, Hanson ahd three of his team mates are eapable of hwiniming the hundred yard free style in less than 66 seconds, a record Which is hard to beat in conference competition. Coach EaBree started the year With a fine aggregation of mermen, but owing to unexpected losses he Will ha've to resort tp his nine survivors who have Weathered the examinations and the injury liiit. Heading this list is Captain Paul Vernor, a free style artist who has been leading his team in total points for the past season. In addition to Vernor, the free style events -will be taken care of by Gillis, Wallace, Stewart and Closson. Van Delester will handle the breast stroke single handed. While Kerber Will do the same in the back stroke if his eligibility is declared in time for the meet Saturday. Barnes and Davenport will represent Purdue in the diving e'Vents, and Whitcomb and Closson will swim the long 440 yard dash. The relay team will be made up of four of the follo'wing five men, GiUis, Wallace, Stewart, Clossom and Vernor. LaBree was undecided last night as to whether he would enter a medley relay team. After the close of the swimming events the two teams -Will engage in a water polo matchj/i For this encounter Coach LaBree has named the following positions: forwardsVernor, Stewart, Wallace, Davenport (Capt.); guards—Closson, Gillis; Kerber; goal—Van Delester.
' T i” ^ Ten Scoring
Chi O’s in a hard-fought, vigorous battle in which the teams^Were very
matched. Martha Walker
led her team to victory, while Bbsemary Vandevier was the outstand-l ing player on the Ward 1 team. The Kappa’s defeated "W. R. H., 63-6, in an uninteresting game, -with Jeanette Scudder as high scorer for the Kappa’s. The Alpha Xi’s were defeated, 43-17, by Ward 3, each team being composed of only six players. The Pi Phi’s forfeited their ganie tb. Warb li All girls interested in tumbling j ■will have a last chance to begin this activity at the compulsory meeting j at 4 o’clock today in 'thp^ W Gymh*isiuirt; Infisteuctioha Will be] given to all newcomers. These prac- | tices "Mil be held fegularly on Friday afterhophs until spring vaca-i tion. This group will begin practice for the W. A. A. Penny Carnival which Will be held some time in|
April.
Running Mate^ Youngs Also Advances In Race For individual Honors
Thinly clads Lose .. To' Biitler ■:Teaiii; . 400 Witness Meet
WIIII Invites Students To Open House
Open house will be held at the Women’s Residence Hall Sunday afternoon, February 16, from 3 to 6 o’clock. Special in"dtatipns have been issued to members of soror ities, fraternities, student organizations and faculty, but the other students are also in'vited to inspect the entire building including the girls’ rooms, the infirmary, laundry and game roonis. Those in charge of the arrangements for the affair are Peggy Hamilton, Betty Elston, and Florence Sequartz. Tea will be served in the dining room during the afternoon.
By Don Wilson Another example of our lack of a field house was sho'sm last Wednesday night down at the Butler University field house when Purdue was defeated by the Bulldog thinlies in the Opening of the Hoosier indoor track season for 1936, The meet proved to be rather a cool one from two standpoints as the spectators were forced to wear overcoats and the Boilermakers were tromped on to the tune of a 62 to 34 defeat. Lemon, Bluemel and Glendenning were outstanding in the contest for Purdue, at Which only 400 spectators were present, and Holmes, a Bulldog sprinter, led for his squad with firsts in the 60-yard dash and the 50-yard high hurdles. Lemon took second place in the 60-yard high hurdles, Goory took third place in the mile run, Stalcup took second in the 60-yard dash and Vaughn-Catt took third, Bluemel won the quarter-mile and Lemon took third, Glendenning won the half-mile and Soles won third, Grantn tossed the shot put for a third, Williamson and Abercrombie jumped second and third respect--ively in the high jump, McGannon placed second in the Pole vault, Goory ran third in the two mile run and the Purdue mile relay team also won their race. This latter squad is composed of Bluemel, Soles, Lemon and Glendenning.
'Driiik Milk f®r More Energy
CaU JOHNSO Pkone
Milk is your best food~ it's packed full of nutritive elements tBat your body needs. Bich in minerals and rich in food value, it's body-building and energy building.
HAIRY
The Eleven Essential Minerals in Youth Bread and What They Do
GALCItfM ... ybnes up sagging muscles and builds teeth. PHOSPHORUS . . . Builds skin cells. IRON . , . Gives the skin a youthful bloom. SULPHUR . .. Beautifies the skin and hair. MAGNESIUM ... Clears the complexion. COPPEB • . . Builds rich f blood. SODIUM . . . Neutralizes stomach acids. IODINE ... Regulates thyroid glands. CHLORINE . . . Cleanses body cells. POTASSIUM ... Builds muscles—tones eyes.
B B E A -D i
This bread is manufactured exclusively by us. Have you tried it?
RRAYHS
MAGNESIUM ... Keeps
au ,
nerves normal
Rakbiiy
V By D. F. Mull Purdue’s flashy basketball squad, in addition to putting up a stiff fight in contending for the conference crown, is also pointing two of their number for indmdual scoring honors. Both Capt. Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, Lambert’s foolproof forwards, are well up in the ranking, Kess. being in third place following Bill Haarlow, the leader, and Whitlinger of Ohio State who is in second place. Young in fifth biace with h6 pbints is pressing John Townsend of Michigan, who is following Kessiler with a total of 67 counters. :bhe totals of the three leaders are as follows: HaarIpW, 82| Whitlinger, 63, and Kessler, ;■ 60;'\ : In their first ii've games, the Boilermakers have established a new high average ■with a little better than 46 points per game. Coheb Lhmbert, whose specialty for years has been a sustained speed attack, has maneuvered his present squad into' an efficient scoring Combination, despite the pronounced lack of height,in comparison with other coiiference teams. Although they have counted oply 32 points from the foul line in; 64 attempts, for ah average of slightly more than six points per game, the Purdue hardwood speedsters have been averaging almost 20 field goals per game with a total of 98. Kessler Leads / ■ l Capt. Bob Kessler and Jewell Young, who have been dubbed the Boilermaker “scare - cro'W” lefthanders, have been setting a fast pace in the Purdue scoring parade, the special attraction being lefthanded flip shots. These tWo basket artists are becoming noted for their spectacular field shots from unusual positions, and their dextenty unider the basket has been the dazzling feature of this seas on’s play. They have received exceptional support from their teammates who have all contributed considerably to the: speedy pace. In fact, eleven of the fourteen players who have appeared in the Conference games have accounted for one or more field goals to date. The complete indmdual scoring table for the first five Big Ten games of the season follows:
To HoM Swimniiiig Meet -i ,1 I . „ todMen Unorganized men on the campus will have a chance to show their prCwess in the art of swimming in the interward swimming meet, to be held on Thursday, February 13, at 4:16 o’clock. It was announced that one man could only enter three events, including the relay.' Following are the,events in order; 100 yard free style, 200 yard breast stroke, 150 yard back stroke, 160 yard relay, 40 yard free style, fancy dmng (4 optional and 4 required dives), and the 220 yard free style. R. O. Meintire has announced that Coach Larry LaBree "will be glad to have members of the varibhs 'wiardi teams tepbirt it) idm teaming instructions each day from 4 to 6 o’clock. Medals ■will be given aS/usual And bne or more men ■wnll ccais^titute a team; V
Binaeni EWed To Four Yeat Course In Year According to press , dispatchea, | Donald MacMurray, of the University of Chicago, is expected to be the first student to finish a fonrl
year course at that school in one yebr under the “Oxford Plan”. MacMufray needs to pass but two more exams to graduate in May, having already passed seven examinations since he entered the university last 'fall./::/V/''vJ",-/.:.'-'//-v''.\':''■'/./■-.
nounces the ele^ion of the follow-
^ — ttr
Iflg^ OuiCiexSe R# YV# j»e»u€ro»yi-p»e«^
identj J. A. Staiger, vice presUteia;, , ' , ,
R. H. Latter, secretary.
The Ohio University Green and
Oreen and 1
White says that the I
use enough lip rouge per year to
1%'!^ tp
paint three campus buildings. We a wonder'if our own oo-eds eouldn^t ,, better that mark eonsideraUy. ^
' " ' "
WAA To Bya Mixed Reta^ation'Hoiir
- At 7:30 o’clock t6hight,^^the mixed recreational prbgrbin sponsored by W. A. A. ■wall be held for the first time this year, iff the Women’s Gyninasiuin. Miss Brady, of the department of physical education for ■women, is in charge of the plans and has announced that men may come only as guests of women. This rule has been made as a result of the number of men attending the meetings last year being greater than the number of women. Ping-pong, deck tennis, shuffle-i board, badminton, and mixed volleyball are scheduled as a part of the program. Insteuctions in these games will be griven to those who desire them.
I INTERFRATERNITY |
will please
; Phone ;54R,
527 Main Street
'
A Modern Version cf the Three Rs
IS
Advertisement in the West Virginia University-daily: “Men wanted. By two popular sorority girls, two handsome gentlemen for dating purposes. Social assete required.”
Name and Position Bob Kessler, f Jewell 'Youne, f Paul Malaska, g Glen Downey, g — John Sines, f Ed. Elliott, c Austin Lambert, g ...- Carrol Mangas, c James Seward, c Charles Budd, g John Bruce, f ............... Bob Smith, g ;.....— Ercell Cummins, f ..... Vincent Hblloway, f...
P F T M PF TP ...6 27 6 26 4 60 ...6 22 12 4 9 66
0r
Totals..
98 82 54 69 228
GMcago T earn
It
Fencers Meet
Squads Will Clmh In Memorial Gym
Fencing-foil, Sabre and epee—| ■will constitute the lone athletic attraction here this weekend when Purdue’s strong squad under the leadership of Captain Jack Silverman, meets the Chicago squad in a dual meet in the Memorial Gsonnasium, at 2:30 o’clock Saturday. The swimmers will invade Illinois and the squash team ■will get a /workout in an informal match ■with the faculty team.
No attempt is hereby made to answer that
Chicago will present one of the Big Ten’s outstanding fencers in the meet here Saturday in the person of Wilson, defending Big Ten champion in the epee. Wilson is also champion in both foils and epee in the Illinois Division of the Amateur Fencers’ League. Purdue entertains little hopes of victory against the Maroon squad, which was runner-up for the Big Ten title last year and champions the year before, but expects to make an improved showing. Purdue’s probable entries include Capt, Silverman, Latter, Blocker, Reynolds, and McWilliams in the [foils; Green, Seaborg, and Antueshko in the sabre, and Hammann, Mathews and Wray in the epee.
question.....but one thing is certain, if you wtot to reach the student body at Purdue you can do it best if you
*
I
m
The Purdue Exponent
!
Twenty persons were lynched in the southern states and California during 1936, according to Tiishegee Institute recoifda.A i > 8 i'*' ^v»
^1 '?'*
j ^
j (^ \ ' ‘ >i't I I fi
V4^A, . sj ^
IW
m
T^, 'if'*'’ , ^ s'" W HW'*-/ 5/^ ^
'’W*
!**■ ^\4
^ W >• A
a ^
|! >
u
>? 4 '' k'*^ Classified! Ads^
Ballroom Dancing Classes open iit Allen’s. Beginners, Wednesday, ^’eb. 12; Advanced, Friday, Peb. 14, 7:30 p. m. Phone 2150. TYPEWRITEES ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
''*' t'i it Beaikty Ballot (Use itencU; ink blots) I, .Ci......w choose the (sismature) following four co-eds to appear in the Chicago Sunday Tribune feature section of beauties. (Order oi listiuK is in^material)
Chamberlain’s Special For This Week—Orange Pudding and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
2.
ity opinion doomed thb AAA “were hiing i’tt Effigy by i* agricultural students of Iowa State college here immediately after the “uilconsi^tu^onal” verdict Was delivered. College authorities were unable to offer information helpful to the police, whose investigation proved fruitless. Placards on the figures, which were draped with graduation gowns in imitation of the black robes of the Supreme Court, designated Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Justices Sutherland, Van Devanter, McBeynolds Eoberts and Butler.
LOST—K. & E. Slide Eule No. 468,404. Return to Keith Parr. Phone 35204.
4 (Return to Purdue Exponent. Only students are eligible to vote.)
Beginners Tap Class for adults opens at Allen’s, Wednesday, Febluary 12, 9:00 p. m.
Lost—^Mottled green and black Shaeffer Lifetime Pen. Reward. Call Hooker, 3301.
Ballots for the Beauty Contest may be turned in at the Exponent box at the Union desk; mailed to the Exponent, Box 225, Lafayette;
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p. ai.
Best Soldier Contest—^All men who have not yet received their identification ribbons ^for the Best Soldier Contest may get them at once at the main office of the Armory —LARSEN
Union Workers—Meeting of my committee at 4 in Union office Please be present —SCHOLER
Co-ed BasKetball—ITie first basketball practice will be held Tuesday from 4 to 5 30 Three practices are required to play in the intramural tourney Further practices will be announced —CHARLES
SPURTS IN SPORTS
Cosmopolitan Club—Dance tonight at 8 80 in the faculty lounge in the Union Everybody invited —KAGEY Women’s VoIleybaU—Kappa Kappa Gamma winners in League I will play Ward 2 winners in League 2 for the championship today at 4 —MCDONALD
W A A —Tumbling at 4
-WALKER
Silver Mask—Pledge meeting today : 4 15 in the Recitation Building —GRIMES
The peculiarities of New England speech are being gradually lost, say Harvard authorities. Even the Harvard accent itself is no longer sacred.
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A MSK 400 Schultz Bldg. Ritome S78i Ceimer 4tii and Ifiain
Purdue’s basketball combination might better be called an octette than a quintet. Three forwards, Capt Bob Kessler, Jewell Young and Johnny Sines; two centers, Ed Elliott and Jim Seward, and three guaids, Red Lambert, Pat Malaska, and Glen Downey, have been sharing an almost equal part of the Boilermaker burden.
—ss—
Capt. Bob Kessler, Purdue’s brilliant All-American forward, does not seem to believe in charity. Kessler netted only six out of 31 free throw chances in Purdue’s first five Big Ten games, but on the other hand he committed only four personal fouls in those same five games despite the fact that he is in the midst of virtually every scramble.
■—ss—
Purdue attracted the world’s record basketball crowd of 18,046 persons into Madison Square Garden for its game with N. Y. U.
or deposited in any of the various campus mail boxes. Ballots placed in the campus mail must be enclosed in envelopes addressed to the Exponent Beauty Contest.
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today
Interfratermty Ball, Memorial Union ballroom, 9:00-1:00 a. m. Cosmopolitan Club, informal dance. Union Building, faculty lounge, 8 p. m. Tomorrow Basketball—Purdue at Iowa. Phi Kappa Psi informal dance, chapter house, 9:00-12:00. l€»wa Ags Hang Justices In Effigy For AAA Ruling Ames, la. (AGP)—^The six Supreme Court justices whose major-
FOURTEEN YEARS AGO— (Continued from page 1) number who visited confectioneries daily, those that took advantage of recreational facilities offered, and an estimate was made of what the student of today wants as based upon the desires of those of other universities that have similar student buildings. The matter of what the student ten years hence was likely to need also was con-
sidered
In 1921, Pond and Pond, architects, who had designed Unions at Michigan and other universities, were chosen for the proposed job and set to work to give the University the ideal Union of that day and one of which the Boilermaker institution would be proud for many years to come. The architect submitted two plans in the spring of 1921, but both were turned back with recommendation and proposed improvements. Then after a thorough study of the situation, they again presented a third set of plans which the Board of Trustees approved fourteen years ago. Following the approval of the plans for the new Union, more plans weie made as to starting the
building of the structure, &nd^ on Tufesdas^ aftefioon of ’ Juhe 35p(il, 1922* the groundi was^ ofiicially broken at special celsfettiohies held during the Gala Week activities. This marked the actual beginning of the building of the present Union building of today, aithoqgh the members^of the Civil Engineering department completed the lay-out for the foundation on the (irst day of June. After thje “ofiicial ceremoiW”* work was begun immediately to excavate the ground, which yras completed and ready for use at the opening of school on September 8, 1924. Because of lack of funds the work wae interrqpted twice, m the falls of 1922 and 1923. The opening was initiated by the members of the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association who held a
bah(itief in t|ie ISiew Upiiofi at s^iX o’clock on tW opening evening of the school year in celebration o^ the “dream bf all Btirdue students” Like all progressive organizations, the Union has improved since it was completed. Interior improvements from i^ime to time have ad4^ ed to the attractiveness and utility of the jjuilfiing.' Last year a movement for an addition to the present Union building was inaugurated. After approved by 3^000 students, the project is now qnder way. The addition financed by PWA funds, will include added space for recreational rooms, student activity rooms, and other facilities which add to the usefulness of the building. The addition also will balance the architectural design of the structure.
FOR THE MEN'S INTERFRATERNITY DANCE
The Corsage of Character from the distinctive florists ROTH Florist; Inc
635 Mam St.
Phone 8050-7955
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The thinking' fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25c per passengrer any part of the city 5023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
8141 Person
8141 Dial One 1 ^ ^ East Side JJ, West Side 25c — Per Couple — 25c VARSITY CAB 110 Main St.
Bowling Tournameiit Begins This Afternoon; Continues Tomorrow The Lafayette Bowling Alleys will be the scene of several days’ activity beginmng this afternoon when the all-campus bowling tourney gets under way. Sixteen bowlers will play off their matches this afternoon and the remaining aspirants will bowl tomorrow. The twelve best men will match for a three game championship on Monday. The men bowling this afternoon and tomorrow will bowl three games apiece and from the total score the best twelve will be determined for Monday’s contest. The following students will bowl today, beginning at 4 o’clock Seybold, Wahl, Helm, McColloum, Ingwalson, Eitel, Scrivnor, Hatfield, Brame, Wood, Rowland, Hunziker, Sink, Hooker, Lurvey, and Forburger The remaining group to bowl tomorrow starting at 1 30 are Esterhne. Pierce, Standley, King, Mikkelsen, Roberts, Harris, Dankin, Vinson, Shea, Hedlund, Knecht, Skoronski, Kirby, Karges, Mecum, Ware, Swinehart, Orr, McDowell,
Glaus, Kubec.
EOOYANT STEPS GREET SPRUNG with VITALITY in the Charmed Cmle of Smartness . .Fit. .Economy andVitality with which this fashionable feminine footwear surrounds your footsteps, SIZES 2 to 11 • WIDTHS AAAA to EEE
Susan
'<nnnnnnnnnrinnrTnnnnrYTryyy-'y-ini!'y » ■»
Full Size Business Sheets Wsxll A SFECIAL SALE DURING FEBRUARY ON BOND LETTER SHEETS AND ENVELOPES
100 Sheets SYi\n, 20 Ib., White Atlantic BoRd, to a box. Price box
100 White Envelopes to match. Small size
Large size
VITA kmlm sJioes
lL#e]ti^& Heme C®.
Weist Watch Bracelets
HAYiWOOD’S Retail Store—5th and Ferry Sts.
Young- enough to be theoretical, old enough to be praeticaL RICHARD J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Mam St.
4 PHOTOS Enlargements 25c
10c
Millir’s Studio.... illali
SUDDEN SERVICE
RINTING OlHe* SlatlonMy. pWeddins Invitations
PHONE Enl« Books.Etc.,, 2^2 8 CASSEL’S 408flBRy '
Noted Revue to Appear at Mars Headed by Sid Page and his “laugh brigade,’’ the Kit Kat Klub revue, a musical extravaganza coming to the Mars theatre for matinee and night performances Friday and Saturday of this week, is said to be the most lavish stage revue now on toyr. It is the American edition of the famous English Music hall success. With a cast of 40 that boasts a bevy of beautiful girls, the entertainment IS sparkling from start to finish. Featured in the show is Yeva, m her own creation of “The Dance of the Slave”; other hit numbers are “Cocktails in the Clouds,” “Daring Dance Exotic” and “The Girl in the Cocktail Glass.”
i^oun
to show you the latest HADLEY creations in Wnst Watch bracelets lor Men and Women You will find styles to suit every occasion, moderately priced Send for "SMART WRISTS," an illustrated folder showing the correct watch bracelet styles for 1936
H Bl Ti T p V’TBOTroENCE-R-l* JLbId [£ni £l Mi York • Chicago • Las Angeles • COMPANY•INC ’ Toronto ■ Canada «• London • England • WRIST-WATCH BRACELETS EXCLBSIVELY-SINCE 1912
Frostbite sent 112 U. of Wisconsin students to the infirmary during a recent cold wave.
100^ Auto Service
We are prepared—and well prepared— to give you any service in your car that you may need. GENERAL AUTO REPAIRING Replacement Parts for Automobiles 24 Hour Wrecker Road Service Corner 6th and Alabama Phone 4048 Peter Anderson
!!»» ' fi. * ^ "W f '
f f