ISO A«ead Openiag Sessioiis; l^eakos D b$4^B]rFlaodb Almost 160 agricultural education leaders were present as the annual conference on extension methods opened yesterday at the University. Represenatives from 13 middle- western states, including the directors of agricultural extension in the states, county agricultural agents, leaders of home dem-i onstration work, rural sociologistSj^ and poulti^ extension specialists, are meeting with United States deputy agricultural officials to discuss the relation of local to nation-, al extension work,,- and:''to consider e(xtoa8ioa work for the coming year. In the morning session yesterday ■ iflpss 'Isali^;;Beyier', '.professot!:' 'snveritus. of home economics at the unir yetaity of piinois, stated that ymifare the farm home mpsi have first consideration in any ricultural planning that is done locally or natidnally. H. W. Crilbert;' son, Wasl&gtoh, €5^ pretid^d at the opening meeting ^t whmH Ptoft ■ Bevier-'Spokei'' In the afternooh, the degelates made an automobUe tour of the campmi apd theu held their individual depai^i^en^l serious. T, A. Coleman, assistant director of agriculturaif extension at the University, acted as toastmaster of the “get-acquainted” banquet h®id iast ni^ ah fisSO ci?clock in the Memorial Union Building. The princiide speaker was Mrs. Richard Morrow, a farm wonmn from near Richmond, Infi., who has spoken before agricultural groups in Indisna apd Ohio> Her subiect was “fiSore tra^va UdPfP Qwwwity singing was discussed and led by ■. A. ■ P., Stewart* \ - Two: of the speakers, Dr. C. B* Smith and Dr. Carl C. Taylor, botfi from the department of agriculture in 'Washington, were delayed by floods checking rail traffic in the East. The conference wiU continue tomorrow.
Co«ed Marital L^^stures Dr. Theodore Wheeze?* of Rush
™bj«j “Ti. Hy^ <tf last night in the Union Building. This concluded a series of four co-ed; marital lectures which hahe been sponsored by the W. S. O'. A. The first, dealing with the “Physiological Aspects of Marriage”, was delivered by Dr. Elisabeth Strauss. The next was given by Dr. Mary Morgan Lee On the “Psychological Aspects of Martiage”. The third was given by Dr. R'. Gerard and dealt with “Marriage from a Man’s Viewpoint.”
;
74 Attend Grain School New Methods Of Grain Grading And Seed Treatment Introduced Seyenty-fpiar persons epmpietad the tyro-day grain school of the University aB^immy dC^ which closed here yesterday. Prof. F. E. Rpbl:idns, with the astis^cp of seyeral grain experts of the mid-: ^e west, was in charge of thq meetings.; In order to dempnstrqte recent fading changes, lahprato^ in grading tyim, oats, wheat, and soyheaiis oi^upied the attention of tye group most of the time. In ad-: dition, new fading standards, seed treatment, and plant diseases were discussed: '^Speakers; E. F. Johnson, St. Louis soybean expert, and Keller Beeson, of the Universi^ staff, spoke at the Mnquet of the group in the Memorial Union Bufl^ng Wednesday night. Johnson stated thgt, more chemical research ia heipg done involting isoyheana than on any other agrii cultural product: at the present time. He also outlined many new uses and new products of the soybean, ' Yesterday at noon the delegates: yrere gueata of Purina Mills, of thia city, and in the aftaimoon made a tour of the plant of that company. The conference cTosed with a soybean grading demonstration. '
Ruth Glrimm, Chi Omega, and Charley Trees,, Sigma Hu, will play
ajor roles ita Playshop’s presentation “Behold Thia
giW/iBraai' Tp*w* ‘ o75 Hear L. L. Harrcm
Future Ouilook Blight For University Crudm^, Prominent Engineer Asserts
major roles
and 'tomorrow night.
:'Dceaip^^.,'to|i^ht
WhatTo DoWith It?
“Will they build the addition s® big that the derrick won’t he in the way?” “Will they put seats on the derrick and let i^ serve as a bandstand?” “Will they convert the ballroom into mechanical lab?” “Will the pony chorus be enlisted to hoist it out of its present position?” “Well, you must have it inside to remove the bricks froin the wall so the derrick can be removed?” “Well, it won’t be such a bad accessory around Puller’s Union. That is its most worthy purpose, “Above all, how ydll they get it out of there?” That is the question.” For seyeral days, as tlie Union ballroom addition has been approaching the heavens, students have been mystified concerning what WTiU be done yrith the coa structiqh derrick ysrhich now . reposes inside the new part of tlie building. A kind gentleman in charge of the constructioh work last night came to the rescue by supplying the information that the iron monster will be taken apart and reipoyed from the structure piece by piece. Mbral: There is more than one way to skin a Cat.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, March 23, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected, v EDWARD e. ELLIOTT, President.
“Behold This Dreamer” Tonight In Duncan HaU Tonight at 8 o’clock in Duncan Memorial Hall, Playshop will present its third major production of the season, “Behold This Dr^mer” » satiric comedy by Pulton Oursler and Aubrey Kennedy. Ruth Grimm, an experienced thespian of other Playshop productions playing the part of a smooth, sophisticated taodera be featured in one ihe Ibai^g
fenuiiino .reJes^;/, ■
!^th;v *^^0!;Eyy ,;q .;^terlmg^ ::P^; f onhty in several other productions, and Ghatiey Trees, also a vetetah of the Playshop stage, will play in
the other leai^g: roles.
Last night at dress rehearsal, the preview performance showed the efforts of nearly five Weeks int^sive rehearsals, indicating that this production will be one Of the best in Playshop historyi; The: cast for this comedy was selected with great care, emphasis being placed on past experience as well as natural ability and character.: Without a single exceptiqny ail members of the cast have starred ip eorne: former Playshop shoW> which makes this cast ope of the most capable ever Ps-. semhled for. a compus presentation. Tickets will be op sale in the lobby of the Union Building from 4 until ft today and tomorrow. Ticketa also may ^ obtained at & box office in Duncan Hall tonight Or tomorrow night. Advanced ticket ; sales indicate that a capacity crowd wiU witness the show both iri^ts
CM Omega To Enteirtain Members of Chi Omega sorority will be hostesses at an informal tea at the chapter house Sunday afterliopn. Guests will include members of Theta Chi, Alpha Tau Omega, and Delta Sigma Lambda fraternities.. ■
Ettyosl^S'Tc*:;,:' HoMBimcpiet V ;SpeRk'T©]Bi^t ;: 6 At'Aiiiawid'lWi^^ ■ '
Profi Hi H. Chapman^ of the forestry dep^tmont of Yale University, will be the principal tyeaker ai tlm ppnpal Fpee^y cluh quet tonight at 6 o’clock in the cafety^pa q£ the HoiUe Economics Builffihg. Hm subject ypU be “Tkp Foreetay- Profesxiqp'*. : H^ vpll ar-: rive this pupping and spend the day: visiting ar4 inspecting Univer-
sity :^estr^ projeptei
Ciiapinan ie president of the American Society of Foresters and past presidept of the American Foresfaty Associatiop : Her receive^ degrees from the University of Mpnesqta ip 189fi and 1899, spending thft next five years as aupednr tendeht of the state agti<^tipal experiment station at Grand Eapids, Mich. For the next few years he. served as a forest assistant in
the governpvent service.
He accepted a position with the Yale University forestry staff in
(Continued op page 2)
it has been At any previous ,time/
Eliza Fowler Hall, hobbies and activities in connection with one’s regular profession and illustrated how a hobby which he started while a student at the University aided him in obtaining positions later in life. Di discussing success he said, comes, principally from ^oing something well that you do not have to; very few ever achieve success without the help of some-
one else.”
Job Applications fa piaki^^v^s^^ job, Harrod advised the graduate that if he is, in a strange city, to see a bank president and discuss with him the progressive small pidustries of the city and surround^ ing territory. Then, he told them to make contacts vtith outataPdihg stockhoidtys or fnends of the pfesi dent of ope of the organisations iipd have them ask him to intCtyiityr you. This is a much better mi^hod that just blPtttly meeting the head of the or^nizaidon smd yourj applicatibn ■vtith;hiiP. While in school Harrod took , up photography and took a Course in PuniPg ehgrinemdng from the IPterhationail Correspondence school. Fhotography (tarned him his fifst rUise wMle knowledge' of iniiung engmeeiing raised: his salary aftty the war from Z2>00fi per year to
said GHfford L. Harcoj, r. in the final em-
S f
ExMbita Saliu^F Graph Harrod had a large graph showing the fiuctuatidns of hi^ salary. Up to the war his scale showed a, steady increase, where it dropped severely while he was m I ■; .((Continued’; :«m:pi^' 4>: ::
p essssssssss
)URD
• UF PERSONAE ITIE ^ Professor John L. Bray
EPEY VlSira HERE Esther Elzey, who graduated from the University in January, is visiting on the campus. She rew cehtiy accepted a PP^itidP os home economist with the Junket Gompany of New York. Her duties are to contactdubs and groups for demdiPtiatiPus.
Prof. John Leighton Bray, head of the school of chemical engmeering, was the first assistant to the late Professor Peffer, and came to Lafayette ip 192.3 to assume charge of the metallurgy courses. Dr. Bray; who was born in Maine, had a varied career as a metallurgist before coming here, and relates various stories to his, classes concerning some of his more thrilling experiences, After receiving a bachelor’s degree in metallurgy from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ip 1912, he spent three years at that school as an assistant. Dr. Bray then went to the Braden Cop-, per CoPipany in Chile, as metallurgist and assistant superintendept, He also was connected with a tip compaiiy in Bolivia and; a gold mine ip Nicaragua* Lead Pipe Saves Him He owes his life to a piece of lead pipe, which he used to out a native of the latter country who was bent pp murder. To tlfin day each class in Metallurgy 106 is shown a home-made knife which was formerly in the possession of sajd native. And it was in Nicaragua that he tried his famous px;p(er^ent':ip -splpitityting .alpmpiuin
for zinc dust fog precipitating tho gold from its cyanide solutiph. The; Only trouble he and h?^ aftaOtalta Pneouritered was; the hnptaity pf the Water ; the alipninppi immediately pre<^pitated by thp impurities and clc^gp<| PB tiip pipes,^ Just prior to thf Bray wap- cpnpcpfeed. ■vtith. Cpnftplntated
Mining and Smelting in British Columbia, and then was in charge of the erection and operation of a mercury reduction plant in Oregon. He has also served ou the tariff commission. Early Dayp At Piirdae During his earlier days at Purdue, PrPfessor Bray (hp was made a professor ip 1926) was the proud owner of an ancient Hupmobile, christened ‘tyhe ’ Ark”. WWle re turnmg here from Boston in 1929, the old bus broke down, which was not surprising, as it was held tO' gether with ofip bits of wire. But it seems that, in repairing the car hetare the tyip, he had chgneed to place a put oh tpP of a piston^ and tlie engine had |o be torn dotati to remove the put Uefore, he could re turn here. In 1930, after many years Pf Serviec, the old touring car Was turneii in pp a new model. He was married in 1927, and has ppe daughter, Barbara, five years ol(d: who was boim in Boston. In order that the p(awcst inembPr of the Bray family Wbhld pot he a Hootipr, they; ytapt to Bostcfn for the event. Pw?f; Bray ppgtatalso hP a4(h;e38pd as ^^MaJo®^. 1^^ (Cimtiipi^ on
Ginh Ple<%es 12 Group Seleeted After
Dick Hartom wm Play For Gold Peppers Pledges Wffl Be Announeed Baring luteTf mission Toniglit Approximately two himdsed couples wfll atttad the aiutnai GoM affair, in the ballroom of the Memoni^ UtaPP Bpildipg tPitighti 9: ta Ifi p-ckx^ chestra,! from the University of Illinois, win furnish the musta. While this is the first appearance of Hartom’s band on the eampts^ the organization has been favoc;abty received; a^ othep eoBc^ ' dapees: hi thm: section of the emhi;try. Pledges to Gold Peppers, cOth^ : athletic: ]topster humoraiy, ’will he jahnounc^ at 11 o’clock durmg an lintermission at the dance tonight» '.'Ticketa ■ Decorations m a hu^ gold peppp^ ph the backdrop mid ' the han^tand decctatiops will be in the sampmotif. jHdtets for thb dance, prieed at one d(0'llar, are s^ on sale' at the vtalops sptaritiitaK, the Women’s ResIdPhto Pad tile Union (desk, approximately ohe hunta^Pd haymg been alrea^ sifid. If there are any tickets unsold tiita evenmgj the remainidpr will be on sale at thp door. Chaperones for the evening wiU itt^udp) Dean DprPt^ Stmtipn, Mass Helpn SchlmhaB. and all the sorority housemothers* The pmpmittee ip charge of the: dhnpp ip Evelyn KeBpabPeger^ M Phillips, Katherine Clan^r, Eileen Lamb apd : Joyce WiHii^s.
In an atmosjphere of petty quibhling that would have put to shame any freshman organization the Gimlet club, “athletic booster” organization for organized upperclassmen, finally selected twelve pledges last night from among those nominated by members of the dub. An hour and a half was re quired to settie definitely on the total number of men and to selenst those men. Periodic arguments by ihembers of two opposing gropps with the discussion revolving around the phrases “good boy”, gpod house”; an(J a “repl booster”, interspersed the meeting. Final Decision Those who were finally decided upon are listed as follows (in the or(der of the pledging): Glen DOwneyj Carl Peth, Ge(orge Bell, Jim Shoemaker, Jim Seward, Russ Hulse, John YanNatta^ H. F. Antonin!, Walter Scholer, M. Gi “R(ed” Walther, Don Black, and 0. W. “Lefty^’ Martin. Following the pledginig of th® last man, the meeting was automatically a(djourned apd there followed; heated: group / discussions copCerniPg the outcomo of the evening’s elections.
EXPONENT STAFF
The stafil banquet origmally taheduled for Sunday night 1ms been postpoPed at the request of our guest sptaher who has been called to New Yotic. The date wiil he annQupta(d Ita SOta ta Ity pec^ sjityv the banquet tall :i^0babty be postponed until after Pptic^ vacation. ■V ;;HBU^;-':
Ba^d Will Way Sttnd^;’ - “Dvoraii^s Fifth Symphcmy’’V “From The New World’*, will he played by the Umveipity nitataty symphoPic hand at ite final c0nc(Cr6 Sunday afternooh ta 2:3© ^hk>(^ in the Jefferson high school gtamhisium. The hand, under the dityctita of Prof. P. S. Emrita, wftt be th« first college organization to laesent this symphony at a public concert. ; , ■■ ■ €. F. Baase, engPieering £%shman, will play a xylophone solo, “Mkwnmg^ Noon, and Nighfe^ta etaa^’, by F. Von Spppe, as apotber highhght of the cbncert; which will be opep to the public without ailmission charge. Also included m the program wili he the symphoBSe poem, ‘tyhe Universal Judgment^;, which is required for the stato ^ta “A” band contest. Several titab school hands are planning to attepfi the concm*t Sunday toheta tta ttarvresity band’s interpretation of thp number. :
l^tudent iWuiu
Discusses ^^Morals’*
*Ptor*ds^’ was tbp to^
eussion at tite
Uto in tiie Mfemmtal Uafen Buil4-^ ing last pi)^. ; The gpota tataA much time in analymng the question of right and wrong. condu(d.ipg;; t!lta; tbei;e'.-taP’;''ipta ,typesrighto—social and individoal. TEhn group also discussed ceiiSQxtatp» catiticizing it severely. The subject “Pacifism vs. Militarism” wai be discosaed at tim next meeting Wednesday Wmm
1 '? *1
’ If / ,^
'eS»M’ aaattra. "office .'Litfasrett®,.Indisiiki\.beU'!'«^':W. '■iill.-Tft rff' liilir ]i riiir’:.:1rTllr'nT-fl. fT'~r ~ p-~ i-'"*"* Bold‘by^gingla
SnirtBen IMiom SOM
UAIH Npi^ Fifth ^teeei
^lihtiriM Cfli?
■diteR^lB-t%!ef_
MimUBIAL STAFF
jH.' y*'H««8«s
ISaaasli^ BditwAasoelata Xditin«»
Sports Sdi^-
_C. & OBffipbdl
uiA. ht'Chastsefi, C. M. Hardtej
W. T. Hunt, B. at. Morefe, M. G.
_..D. -P. Mull, E. at. Walpol^ t, D. Wood
IIiHiImiiiwK^ ^aafattam^ ^ ' A. BUrtlOtt^ J. B. BiCOCki A. H. POK^tOT, O. Baiper, Jr., B» P. Sfonion^ O. Ib\ Sadler, K. 0. Schenk, J. !<. von Hars Bold and Black Bdftor—~U™-™.-..—;-—-™; W. B. Ahhott
BoEdneai ManagerAdvert&ing; ManagerAdvertising AsBislants— CMrenlatlon Manage.
_ JW. A. Koch
JEL F. Antonini L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. 0. Miller
E. J. Hulas
Associate SditorBAdvertising Msnager-
Joyce WiHlama ..Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann J'oBOPhine Perkins
Friday, March 20, 1936. "il
The War Race Ttie Start ; It all began when Russia told the other nations that she had quietly built up the largest standing army and the largest air force in the world. Whether suffering froiu pangs of jealousy or from fear, the rest of Europe began to build armies larger than those iii existence on the eve of the From the taxpayer’s viewpoint, the race calls for excessive sums of money; the arms manufacturers Is^ It as .a g^endo “Hie militarists- think that the world is coming to its senses at last; the pacifists shake their heads in despair. The advocates of preparedness say nothing and being preparations for another and more horrible war. Tke'Btamimg Now; France is following Russia, and has somewhat more than half as large an army as the latter. Italy has more men actually under arms than France, due primarily to her present interest in Africa, but even under these abnormal conditions Italy’s air force is less potent than those of England, France, or Russia. Although supposedly just beginning to enlarge her army, Germany has already built up a formidable war machine. The Fimisl; Many Say it is unpredictable ; war is inevitable, say others; and only a small minority finds a ray of hope shining through the threatening clouds.
It’ll be interesting to see how many men are imported for the Gold Pepper dance. Revenge should be sweet after the Cotillion situa-
tion.
. . and what couple staged a thirty minute necking act in the barred enclosure on the south end of the gym yesterday? The girl, brunette, was wearing a brown coat and had a o’clock in the southeast room of the^ t^ floor Home Ec Bldg., No. 1.’ the; t6ote[less%onder Tho dutchess. from iho.PiyI house Is really ■.Quite some girl,, ‘ - She’ll take your pin, spend your dough . And throw you for a whk^^ . She’s really not so fussy As to who the guy might be, But 1 think she’s partial to A certain SAE. He’s the one who lost his teeth Just the other night. He says it happened in squash. But I’ll bet they had a fight. Grandpa Noll is growing old ■ .And cannot stand the' gaff. Have a look; at that sour puss If you want to have a laugh.... ... Prexy A B C. \ “Purdue Forever” Cline was denied a Prom ticket on the grounds that sophomores were ineligible grimm work is suspected, by
him,
Interesting to note: Fuller calls his new car—^CARMITA ! 1 ! ! NOTICE: The airport beacon will be in action on Sunday nights
only.
. .. WSGA Executive Council.
Prof. H. H. Chapman,-professor pf forestry, at Yate .Uniyersity^ vvhp' wiE;be tlm' principal ;bp^ker at; the For^try club Banquet tehigh^^^
:Feri*is
Aniipuncement was made; yesierday that the ninth annual Agricultural Alumhi-Faculty^Sehior . baiiquet will be held in the Home Economies Cafeteria Monday evening, April 6, at 6:46 o’clock. The purpose of the affair is to acquaint the seniors with the older agricultural graduates and to promote the Agricultural Alumni Association, Senator A. E. Ferris, ex-’19, -will address the group. Other talks will be made by Dean J. H. Skinner and a representative of the senior class. Musical entertainment also will be included on the program. Prof. W, O. Mills is chairman of the committee in charge of arrahgemente for the banquet.
C. G. Elliott was Ceres trophy for submitting the best essay in the freshman division the Ceres essay contest at a meeting of the organization in the Union Building last night. A. H. Probst, a senior in the ag school, won the contest for upperclassmen, and was presented the Dickinson seed cup. Second prizes, bronze medals, were awarded to L. S. Hardin, freshman, and W. K. Delapane, sophomore. Approximately' 60 students attended the meeting and heard Prof. A. T. Wianco, head of the agronomy department, give an illustrated lecture on tW nitrate f^Oizer ihdusti^ of Chile. He dii^^^ oral photographs wiuc^ he niade while visiting that cojuitry ip 1980. Several guesto wlio have be^ attending’ the Graih School here this week, also weif e present.
PIA will sponsot a skating party tonight at the Maple Point rink. Members desiring transportation should report at the west door of the Union at 7 o’clock, where buses will leave at short intervals after 7 until everyone has gone. A charge of 16 cents will be made for the rides but skates. and refreshments will be free to all who present their membership cards. John Ward, social chairman of P. L A. is in charge of the entertainment. ,
ft, C. EISElSpACH jBweler and Optometriat 504 . Main Street
be likened to tbe straws, on the camel’s back. Each new airplane, each new recruit, each dollar expended for armaments
is a straw. When enough straws are piled on, the camel’s E. A, Warren, M. E3B2,
back will break, and w'ar, with all its horrors and tragedies, will come once more to haunt mankind. But the way is always open for some brave man or group of men to remove a few straws, to delay the day when war will again threaten civili-
zation, or possibly to permanently harness tl of international hatred and greed.—W. T. H
Another campaign slogan: There is too much jam on the relief rolls.
Last Monday and Tuesday nights some of the freshmen burned their pots oh Stuart Field. No one knows the score, but anyway, the frosh are iiow parading the campus sans green toppers, some having burned them Monday or Tuesday nights', some having hung them on the wall, others having tossed them into the furnace as good riddance. Something could be made of the affair. Pot burning could symbolize a new era for the college freshman—an event that would mean a graduation from the elementary stage to a higher ranking in University life. A little planning and supervising could make an unforgettable evening out of a bonfire, 1,600 men students, and a little enthusiasm. From the reports, it seems that a few embryos are too engrossed in obtaining the label “big shot” to allow an affair to be Completed without their interferance.
99
People living outside of Italy are amused by an incident in Rome. There was a restaurant there called “Eden”. The name had no reference to Anthony Eden, the handsome and dashing Englishman who has been representing Great .Britain at Geneva and dashing about from capital to capital as the traveling salesman of British diplomacy. But when the British government was forced to abandon its efforts to make peace by giving Italy two-thirds of Ethiopia, the citizens of Rome blamed Caplin Eden for it as much as anybody, and got madder and madder as they looked at the name on the j*estaurant. So there was a boycott. The restaurant proprietor thereupon made a neat compromise by changing “Eden” to its Italian ssmonym, “Paradiso’ and the patronage was resumed as usual. They are satisfied with that name, Some take it as a symbol of Ethiopia, the colonial paradise they hope to conquer. But they might find a serpent there, too.—R. C. S. ,
Edwin A. Warren, M, E. ’32, writes of a work assignment fairly reeking -with adventure. Having flown the Transcontinental & Western Air , lines between New York,' Chicago, and Kansas City for six months, he transferred to the Curtis Aeroplane and Motor Company, of Buffalo, and received for his first assignment “to deliver an order of planes to the Chinese— including assembly and flight testing in Hangchow. Should be in China about eight , months and of course expect to have a grand experience. Will leave in about a month” (from Feb. 27). “There’s a good Purdue crowd here (Buffalo), Burdette Wright, M. E. ’29, vice president; Don Berlin, M. E. ’21, chief engineer; Elmer Minton, M. E. ’29, propellors, and others. We hope to defeat the M. I. T. crowd in all enterprises this year.” Warren graduated at the Air Corps Aviation Training Center at Randolph Field, Texas, after graduation from the University and has had much successful army flying
experience.
Mrs. G. C.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh’s best seller, “North to the Orient”, wilt be reviewed by Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg for the monthly open meeting of Y. W. C. A. to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union Building Tuesday at 4 o’clock. Mildred Mills, new vice president of the organization and chairman of the program committee, will be charge of the ■program. Mrs. Lindbergh’s book cphcerns the preparation for, start of, and experiences during the flight which was to establish an air route to the Orient. The Colonel, and his wife reached Alaska in the middle of the long night; Anne Lindbergh described the Alaskan^, their isurr roundings, and their living conditions.^ Travelling down the east coast of Asia, they experienced exciting adventures; on arriving in Japan they were given a royal welcome, indicative of the famous Japanese courtesy. In China, they carried medical supplies to stricken people in the flood area of the Yangtze River. The two flyers narrowly escaped death when their plane was damaged in the Yangtze River.
Phone 3882
This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block ■ 322 Ferry St, Opposite New Post Office
A. M,
Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965 ■
507 Malm St.
You
Welcome at Tom'
“The Man On The Street” One of the most widely recognized and blankest concepts, today is that concerning the man on the street, better known as the “average man”. He is written about, spoken of, thought of, and portrayed by students, professors, business men, and everybody else. How tall is he ? What does he look like? How does he think? What recreation does he seek? What does he read? How does he spend his time? All of tliese and many other questions can be asked, but where is the one that can satisfactorily answer the majority of such questions? It remains that all we know is that there is a mythical man we imagine to be average, or a center of gravity aboqt which the biggest portion of men cling. This represents to us our place of rating as compared with other members of our groups, and with that inf ormation we may try to climb higher bn to a goal of success—^if there be such an ideal—G. H., Jr. Thb Purdue Exponent has been canying an advertisement
FORESTERS— ; (Continued from page 1) 1906, and has been a leader in the forestry profession since then, being given the post of Harriman professor of forestry in 1911. He is a member of several committees and commissions dealing with forestry, and has written several text boo^. Chapman will be the guest of honor at a luncheon to be given today in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building by the forestoy faculty and professor B. M. Prentice, of the faculty, is giv-r ing a smoker in his honor tomorrow night before he leaves.
please you. This delicious drink is made with two scoops of French vanilla ice eream, flavored as desired, Horlick’s in correct proportion and topped with whipped cream. Served ■with wafers—a meal in itself.
OPPOSITE ARMORY
Dormer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
Have your
KEYS Kejns for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth street Phoiie 2828 JLafayette, Ind.
507 Main St.
Konn* ^OBcli I* liMNtttMlt M enonch to b« pneUcaL,, ' RICHARD J. bath WATbBUAKBS 608 Main St.
. Black’ .Ciura :for Bpe^l OeeastonB 26e per passenger any part of the dty sots .. PHONFS 8071 ' YELLOW CAB CO.
DEAC HAS BVmjTHiNG:; ■ a ', . / ' ■ college; EDUCATION' ; ■;:ft..a'RI^SNftR-v^''.:
Satisfy both ybUr appetite aiid pocketbobk at the MFCZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
BEGINNER’S Tuesday, fiiarch 24^ 7:00 p. m. intermematb Thursday, Saasd: 26, 7:00 p. aiu ADVANCED . : Friday, March 27, 6:30 p. m.
'6th & Ferry
TOBAT
a,
■ Plus “THE ADVENTURES OP : PRANK MERRIWELU”-
TODAY, - . SATURDAy^
Plus
TODAY .- .SATUBDAY
PAUL KELLY ARLINE JUDGE in
TODAY - SATURDAY GENE AUTRY ■.. in “Melody Trail” and “Custer’s Last Stand” also . Last Episode of “ADVENTURES OP REX AND RINTY"‘fc.:
BoUermahers To Visit LouisUxm Tech, Missis-
By ]^K Walpole. , Purdue’s < baseball nine, completing its next to last week of practice before starting on a .southern spring training trip, confined activities to hitting practice last night. The Boilermakers will spend the week of spring vacation at Louisiana Tech and Mississippi State universities , in' preparation for the regular spring schedule of conference games. ijirerted by the capable hand Coach ‘‘Pop?? Doan, the regular frosh baseball men^ whe is sub^ stitulhig for C^oach Ward^^^M the ball dub is slowly but suirely rounding into shape. Minus several of the last season’s regulars, lost by graduation iand uheligibilities^ the coaching staff has quite a task on its hands to rebuild the team. V ■ . ■ Sophomores. . ■ . The squad has been bolstered this season^ by the addition of several outstanding sophomore candidates who pronaise, to fill the places left vacant from last year. Bob Lucas, regular short-Stop on last season’s nine, and Armon, another junior who' saw considerable service On the ’36 team, are the only remaining iniielders who won their letters in this sport who are back on the field. According to Coach Doan, the more promising new men are Waling, a numeral winner on the 1934 freshman teanil Fateh, John Sines, better known on the basketball fioor, and Caldwell, all members on the last season freshman squad. No definite positions have been assign-
ed to the infielders as yet for it is the reiteon for the spring trip to locate the men in their best playing positions. New Outfield The outfield will probably be composed of first year varsity'men. The most favorable looking to date are a couple of basketball lads who thrilled the fans this winter with their basketball antics, namely Pat Malaska and Jewell Young. The remaining candidates for the garden spots are Holzbach, Mitchell, Gardner and Enaus. A pitching staff far better than last season’s) is expected of the present nme. Two lefthanders arid six riglrthanders compose the hu^ ing staff. The; ttro pott-siders are “Lefty?? Martin, a Jettermah^^ f^ last season’s squad, arid Barts, a newcomer on the Bpilermaker outfit. The starboard hurlers are ShuttleWorthi DpwueyV",Butt, Howard, Rosser, and Mangas. DownCy and Shuttleworth played some ball last year, but Glen’ri arin was injured mid-way in the season, keeping him on the bench. Coach; Bpari feels that Downey’s arm Will he in skape by the start of the seasori to send him off on a good year. The most likely candidate for the backstop position is Krause, ^a high tail blOnde, who appears very much at home behind the bati New Diamond The squad will ,play their home games this season on the new diamond, at the north end of Intramural Field, just west of Russell Street. Workmen have been laboring on the field, trying to get it in shape so the tearii can practice there instead of in the present location, Stuart Field, now tha scene of the Administration Building construction.
Purdue Exponent
ii
Squash Squad
At a meeting ol the Purdue squash squad last Wednesday evening, Forrest E. Fields, Jr., ,>was elected captain for the 1936-37 season. Only active members of the squash team have a vote in this procedure. Fields, who is enrolled in the physical education school, comes from Kokomo, and has played in number three position all this past season. This honor was placed on Forrest by his teammates because of his interest and ability shown in the past season.
Will Enter
Three Swimmers Enter AAU Meet At lU Tomorrow Three members of Coach riLarry’’ LaBree’s swiinmirig team have enteredethe stiff comipstitibn of the A; A. :U. swiinming^ m to be held at Indiana UiiiverSity tomorrow afternoon. fVernor is entered in the 100 yard free style; and;the 44(h Kerher in the 150 yard back stroke and Van Delester in the 220 yard breast stroke. There is a &bod possibility that either vVemor or Kerber may place first Or second in their events, and if such is the case. Coach LaBree intends to eiiter them in the Olympic competition.
Milk is your best food—it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Eich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-rbuilding and energy building.
Farr Wins Table: Tenuis Title In . Campus Toiimey For the past week, the championship table tennis players Of the University have been battling it out in the basement of the Purdue Memorial Gymnasium fOr the title Of^^^^riaMus table tennis chanap fpriTl9367^La^ night F. Farr was able to claim, ^at title by winning over almost 60 competitors for the title. Second place, went to M. F, Duchateau, and third and fourth went to M. C. George and K. M.
Linn, respectively.
The tournament was played off in the manner of a single elimina' tion tourney and the players were matched as they signed up, thus nO drawing was necessary. To be able to be proclaimed winner over his opponent, a competitor had to beat him in two out of three games Each game was played to 21 points Since Parr had to play either four or fiive matches, this means that he had to win a minimum of about ten out of 15 games in the tourney.
The Eleven Ei^sential Mimerais in Youth; Bread ; and. What They . Do. , / CALCIUM .. . Tones up sagging muscles and builds teeth. PHOSPHOEUS . . , Builds skin cells. IRON . . . Gives the skin a youthful bloom. SULr PHUR . . . Beautifies the skin and hair. MAGNESIUM;. . . Clears the complexion. COPPER . . . Builds rich blood. SODIUM 1 . . Neutralizes stomach acids. IODINE . . . Regulates thyroid glands. CHLORINE ... Cleanses body cells; POTASSIUM . . . Builds muscles—tones eyes. MAGNESIUM . . . Keeps nerves normal. This bread is manufactured exclusively by us. Have you tried it? '
Quality 124 State St. Phone 3852
Ten University Trackmen To Comp^ For Honors Tomorrow ^ Ten Boilermaker trackmen will be among the 299 track stars representing twenty-one colleges and universities competing for honors in the Butler Relays Saturday. The Butler Relays have attracted wide attention^ as the meeting place of college track stars from all over the country, and it is thought that many records will be broken. Ohio State and Michigan are expected to wage another duel for the Governor McNutt trophy. Jesse Owens, Ohio State’s colored sprint star, and Glen Cqnningham, nationally famous distance ace, will be the main attractions of the meet. .
Highlights
In advance, thri liniversity two--mile relay ^enf appears to be of the highiights of the prdgrami and competition will be veiy keen in Ibis event. Purdue’s relay f^m wih be handicapped by the absence of Moore, but it is expected to make a good showing neverthelessi Trie teairi wril ke made up of G^lendenfiing, Blueihei, Goory and Janos. Goorey, Terhuhe, Glendenhirig, and Bluemel will be entered in the medley. The University will be represented in the high jump by Lemejn and Williamson, and Shilling will attenipt to span the hurdles in fast enough time to place well in the event. Stalcup and VaughnrCatt will enter as the dash men. Soles reported for practice last night with an injured ankle and will riot get to make the trip.
Selects Gee
Sports fans who traveled to Ann Arbor recently to see Pnrdue play their last basketball game of thC season are still talking about the thrills of that game. John A. ; Gee, of Syracuse, N. Y., is one of the principal reasons for this chatter and now his teammates have picked him for their 1936-37 basketball captain. Gee succeeds Chelso Tamagno, of Chicago, and has been higWy congratulated for his performance at center during the closing weeks of the last season after having been imable to shake off the effects of pneumonia in the early stages of the Big Ten race.
BLISS COFPEE^19c POUND
Fresh Eggs 2 doz. 35c
Hubbarson' Apples $1.19 Biishel
Peanut Butter 21b. Jar 25c
ROTC Pistol Team Tops OHa. U. Id Close'Matck The University R. O, T. C. pistol team defeated Oklahoma University last week in a close match, 1,368-1,333, these scores being out of a possible 1,500. Last year the Oklahoma team was the runner up in a national college R. 0. T. C. pistol competition. This week the team nieets Illinois. Purdue has already shot, their score being 1,383 which is a very high score. The matches are run on a correspondence plan, each team shooting on its own range and mailing the ofiicial score sheets to the other team. Other matches will he played with Missouri, Wisconsin, Iowa, Princeton, Harvard, Cornell, Utah, Ohio State, and the Colorado Agricultural College. The team consists of five members under the direction of Captain Kay of the military departmeiit.
Headquarters for Vegeljables, Fresh Meats, Grokieries
Phone 6055
State and Salisbury
Free Delivery
Co-eds To Attend State Playday Tomorrow Indiana University co-ed sports enthusiasts Will be hostesses at a State Playday tomorrow* Co-bds going from the University will meet at the Women’s Gymnasium at 6:16 o’clock tomorrow ^ morning in order to arrive in Blodmington for registration at 9:80 o’clock, with the program scheduled to begin at 10:30 o’clock. The delegation from the University includes Betty Arnold, Eileen Bower, Marie Brewer, Floy Crepps, Lillian Davis, Katherine Dunwoody, Mary Gaylord, Ruth Hadley, Mary Humphreys, Georgia Halstead, Fay Pendergrass, Sally McKee, Regina Kelly, Mary Alice Pflughaupt, Jean Small, Jeanette” Shaeffer, Louanna Thompson, and Minadel Vehemari, These girls will be accompanied by Mrs. Heinmiller^ Miss Brady and Miss Ellis,
Athletic director Noble Kizer will speak at the annual Rensselaer high school athletic banquet in the Rensselaer Armory next Tuesday night. The keynote speech at the Williamsport Lions club basketball dinner Monday night was made by Robert Kessler, star varsity basketball player. Kessler also spoke at a banquet in Michigan City last night.- ■'./. -
FRESHMAN FENCERS
Finals of freshman fencing bouts this afternoon at 4. All freshmen who have not completed their preliminary bouts be sure to attend. SILVERMAN.
Risk Dental Clinic ■ PAUL'A. BISK . HOBEBT G. BISK . . HABOLD J. BISK LUTHBB A. BISK 400 Sehnlts Bldar. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
SUDDEN 'Service „ ® OlHee Slaiionery. > Weddlns invIteHoni Sales Boohs, Etc. 2 6 2 8 CASSEL*S 408lKERRy^'
UMMERmpm POSITIONS • Excellent opportunity to finance your college education. Work is educational in nature. Reliable Company. $5.00 to $10.00 a day easily made. Write for proof oL results and full details immediately. ; COLLEGE DEPARTMENT 10X0 Arch St., Philadelphia
327 State St, West Lafayette Phone 2067 OUR SPECIAL BROADCAST Today at 2:00 P. M. Over Station WOWO OUR SPECIAL SERVICE Permanents $1.25 to $7.50 Shampoo and Finger Wave, Arch and Manicure $1.00 Manicure with Hand Massage 50e Electrical Scalp and Facial Treatments Moderately Priced
lii#
mmm
Spring
White Shoes
M'' 'ij'i I 4i
I
224 Main Street
THE EXPONENT
4
Amd we won’t restrict your ballad to just the sum of six pence. For you’ll probably be siuging a song of a number of dolars when you figure up what you’ve saved by eating your meals at the UNION CAFETERIA. And Union Cafeteria diners don’t have to slight themselves when it comes to good sized portions, delicious food, and enlightening entertainment*
xtioxi
I
Downatairsin
^*The Corner of the CampuSi Vet the Center of Cotie^e AeHvit^e^
! ll
A ©iifTYPEWEtTEHS ADj>INa ItACHINES—For sfflb, rent, tepaired and bought. MnMSgmph and mimeograph u?'ork done. 0* F. Ebeishoff, 605 Main St. Fhona ST70«
Chamberlin’s Special For This Wedc—Orange Pineapple and Vanilla. Order it. It’s delicious.
NOTICES No notices aec^M atfter • v. nu
StirveyinK—Sxam for remcwal of conditioite in C. E. 6 will be giveif in room 101 of U»e C. E. Building, Saturday, March 21, at 1 p. m. Get your permits before'that
—TODD.
Si^homore Civil Engineer^Exam for removal of conditions in C. £. 8 will be given in room 101 of the C. E. Building, Saturday, March 21, at 1 p. m. Get your
permits before that date.
—TODD.
Mixed Becreation—^Women’s Gym will be open for men and women tonigM at 7:30.
Co-ed VtdleybaU—Today at 4: sophomores VB. juniors, and freshmen vs. seniors. . ——SCUDDBIR.
W. A. A. Playday—Co-eds going to Indiana University meet at 6:18 at ihe Wom-
en's gym tomorrow morning.
-BRADY.
W. A. A. Basketball—Games scheduled today at 4-:80 are freshmen vs. sophomores in large gym; juniors vs. seniors in small
gym.
—CHARLES.
Radio dnb—^Important meeting tonight at 7:1S in room 254 of the Ei E. Building.
Note change of place.
—WEPPLER.
M. D..,Ste6^, directoT ..6f .the speech cliuic* will talk on the p6Tsonalitjf b^f a stutteireT today ; in room 310 of University Hall. TWi speech is the sixth in a series of .lectures given under the', auspices of the speedi, clinici Several' tesearch studies, which have shown personality, de.viations in people who stutter, wrill be discussed in his talk. Morris McCarty Speaks To Committee Of AAUW For the purpose of studjring and discussing the school system of Tippecanoe county, thC'educational committee of the American Asso. ciation of University Women mot Wednesday evening at the Central Presbyterian church. As a part of the program, Supt. Morris McCarty spoke about the Lafayette schools.;, Mr. David Ross discussed “Economy and Consolidation”; and “Taxation for Education” was the subject used by Mr. Joseph Andrews. An open forum in which the members took part, followed the ad
dresses.
The A. A. U. W. was assisted by the Parent-Teacher Association of both Lafayette and West Lafayette, the League of Women Voters, the Business and Professional Women, Altrusa, and P. E. O.
ate 40“^. ^ibg'made j^ylthb miiitgty dep^i^eni > j^lthough no ‘^definite date has lieen set for. the inspection, it probably be held ahont May-15. ■ ' The hispedtkin period last morb than two daybi^ aa^. tha. visiting officers will examine Me physical equipment of .tKp University military department, visit classes, and view drill work of the corps. The final event ,will. be the review of the enBre corps, on Tntramural Field. Col. A. L. Puller, of the Fifth Corps Area staff, andl other prominent military officials wUl be the inspecting officers.
f'-'
Seniors Defeat Sophs, 37-11 In a co-ed class volleyball game yesterday afternoon, the seniors defeated the sophomores, 37 to 11, in the semi-finals. The game was very slow.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE C L, 0 T H
University Choir—Compulsory rehearsal at 4 today. —KIMMELL.
Roger Williama Club—^Treasure hunt party tomorrow night at 7:30. Bring 10 cents for refreshments. —KIMMELL,
Sophomore Motors—No inspection trip during soho^ week which began March 19. All classes meet in classroom at 'regularly scheduled hours. —HALLAM.
Union Workers—^Members of our committees report to Union office at 4 today. —ANSPACH, KUEHN.
Union Workers—Members of our committees meet in sub-basement at 4 "today. —PUGH, CLARK, SCHOLER, QUIGGLE.
Union Workers—^The following committees have been appointed: Scholer—Etter, Barrum, Vandiveer, Millholland. Grave, Matthews, Kuhn, Hofman, Beers, Rudeman, Sells, Peck, Kessel. Clark—Busard, Blocker, Beemer, Quinn, Meidhus, Harper, Poor, Abell, Shoemaker, Fielding. Ohavcr—^Eastburn, King, Wetzel, Bryant, Sheiwalter, Godbey, Fenstermaker, Baker, Behrrends, Roudeau, Buck, Doyle, Marshall, Terpe, Seaborg, Biggs, Colby, Merriam, ■^ogle, Putze, BVicke, Poor, Martin, Rich-
ards.
Quiggle—Schroeder, Cameron, Scheindt, Kriegbaumm, Zimmer, Bates, Craft, Cabonargi, Anderson, Mansfield, Peck, McDaniel, McNaughton. Pugh—^Driscoll, Sequartz, Hague, Mielke, Bowen, Fowler, Fowler, Breuman, Mason, King, Hoifhan, Williams. Sh^makeir—^Frazee, Douglas, Houk, Kessler, Stewart, Malcolm, Kernel, Jacobson, Deerr, Mackie, Taylor, Stauder, Troutman, 'Taylor, Schlundt, Jewett, Scatterday, Bills, Favorite, Ried, Suardi, Hallam, Steckel,
Ford.
Jump—^Elstun, Hulse, Morris, Stephan, Wilson, Reed, Witt, Jones, McGhee, Rush, Howkinson, Jacobi, Peth, James, Weigandt, Miller, Burton, Gibson, Evans, Cross, Everist, Richey, Cox, Gillespie, Pyke. Co-ed Freshman Staffs Anspach—Driscoll, Sequartz, Deerr, Busard, Mielke, Hague, Blocker, Beemer, Morris, Elstun. Grimm—Sheiwalter, King, Wetzel, Bryant, Schroeder, Cameron, Kriegbaumm Scheindt, Wilson, DeWitt, Reed, Bain, Martin, Lyons, Jarrett, Ford, McKinaey, Gillespie, D. Morehouse, K. Morehouse, Per-
kins-
Knehn—^Douglas, Stewart. Houk. Malcolm, Etter, Barrum, Vandiveer, Grave, Hulse, Kernel, Frazee, Louis. Richards, Amsden, Hammond, Cox, Steckel, Mytinger, Fricke, Ristow. —FULLER.
375 HEAR HARROD— (Continued from page 1) the army. After hitting rock bottom during the war, his salary started upward again. In 1934, when he had reached the presidency of the Indianapolis Light and Power Company, he was forced to resign because of poor health. Since regaining his health he has acted as a consulting engineer and a travel lecturer, Harrod said that he regretted that he had forgotten how to play, as recreation should form an important part of every man’s
career.
Concluding his lecture, he showed 1,300 feet of natural-colored film of Haiti, Jamaica, Colombia and the Canal Zone to illustrate the extent to which he had indulged in his
hobby.
•f ^ “f
^ + -f
Cosmopolitan (Hub To Hold Dauce Tomorrow The Cosmopolitan club, in honor of Prof. H. M. Baldwin, their advisor, who has been sick for the past several weeks, is sponsoring a dance in the faculty lounge Of the Union tomorrow night at 9 o’clock. Music will be furnished by recordings, and there will be an admission charge of twenty-five cents per couple. Prof. Baldwin, who will not be able to attend the dance, has been confined to the St. Elizabeth hos pital. All members of the club and friends of the professor are invited to attend.
> + >
^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ BASKETBALL ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ Today, 4 o’clock
Hutt, Referee
Ward 4 vs. Ward 2.
4:15 o’clock
Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Psi
PROFESSOR BRAY— (Continued from page 1) mission in the chemical warfare division of the Army Reserve Corps. Some years ago, when he was a mere captain, a friend persuaded him to transfer to the Naval Reserve, and it took Major McMahon, then head of the University Corpse two weeks to argue him back into the army. The navy had offered to make him Lieutenant Commander Bray, so the army was forced to give him a commission as major to compete with the sea
service.
In 1930, Professor Bray was given his doctor’s degree by M. I. T for perfecting a new process of coating steel with lead. Naturally he thinks highly of his alma mater. However, as one professor has said, any M. I. T. man thinks that his is the only school on earth. Dr. Bray is a member of numerous engineering and professional societies, including the American Institution of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers, the Society for Metals, the Electrochemical Society, the Institute of Metals, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, Scabbard and Blade, the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, Tau Beta Pi, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Sigma Xi, and Lambda Chi Alpha social fraternity. He assisted Richards and Locke in revising their “Textbook of Ore Dressing” and is the author of “Principles of Metallurgy”, the textbook used in those
courses at the UmiveTsity. When Dr. Bray, then Mr. Bray, came here in 1923, he was one of two men in the chemical engineering school. Today he has six professors, two instructors, and two assistants working under him. When he took office as head- of the school last July, he foiund he was taking a year-round job, and so was. forced to sell his boat and his summer cottage in Maine. Were it not that he occasionally wears yellow shoes, he would be considered a natty dresser. The main thing his students object to is his tests. They think he asks too many “details”, but all their protests are to no avail. Dr. Bray is an excellent speaker, and has no difficulty in finding the exact words he wants. Dogged By Illness Despite the lact mat ne has been dogged by illness for the past three years. Dr. Bray is one of the most active men on the campus. Since assuming his duties last summer, he has been working steadily on revision of the chemical engineering curriculum, consulting heads of other schools and prominent engineers as to the desirable features to he included. Personally he is in favor of establishing a five year course leading to a bachelor’s degree, hut, in order that Purdue may compete with other institutions in awarding a degree in four years, he has limiited the extra requirement to a summer school course in unit opera-
tions.
Suits
and
Society Bnad
Top Coats
Smart new patterns, pleated or plain backs. Outetandlng values.
$30 $35 Style Sesrvice 'Skilled Tailoring Come In and See Them
SOUTHWORTH’S
WBAA Resumes Sckednle After Relinquishing Time WBAA will resume its regular time today after relinquishing part of its time yesterday to WILL, University of Illinois station, at Champaign, in order that they might broadcast the Champaign sectional basketball tourney. The local station will leave the air again at 1:16 tomorrow afternoon in favor of the Illinois broadcast.
GOLD AND BLACK 'Today, 4 o’clock Intramural Field, Abell, referee. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Kappn Delta Rho.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Delta Theta fraternity announces the plo4ging of R. D. Parmalee of Port Wayne, Indiana.
.MAX j \
® I9i6, Liggbtt & MYm Tobacco Co.