V
F« A ’ V
X. . ' C Ws "'.k Jl'l
V
mmM
Jaap/41, Loses Two Fingers In Chem Explosion
Two Graduates Receive Awards
Recipients of the James Ward Packard research fellowships for next year are Charles W, Harrison Rockville; and Robert L. Scott, of Monticello, recently announced Dr. C. C. Williams, president of Lchig’h University. Charles Harrison, BS, EE will do research in electrical engineering under Dr. Stanley Seyfert while Bob Scott, BS, ME, will woi’k under Prof. F. V. Larkin. Both men are members of the class of ’38.
V. C. Meredith Club To Elect Officers
Virginia .C. Meredith Club, home economics club, will select new officers at 4 today in the Home Economics auditorium. Candidates for election are: for president, Msry Jean Sefton and Martha Moorhead; for vice-presi-dent, the second highest ranking candidate for president; for secre-tary-treasurer, Eleanor Fink and Barbara Warren. In addition to this list of candidates, nominations may be made from the floor. All co-eds who have paid at least ©ne semester’s dues are entitled to vote. Junior, senior, and faculty advisors will be announced then.
Purdue Exponent
ntmiiY May 20,193$ Lolayeite, ladiaiia VOL. 49 No. 184
George W. Jaap, Ag ’41 from Terrace Park, O., is in the St. Elizabeth’s hospital minus two fingers on his right hand, and with a badly injured right arm, received at 6:30 last night while experimenting in his room at 230 Pierce street, with potassium chlorate and sulphur. ■“Jaap’s hand is very badly damaged with two fingers blown oflf—the thumb will have to be amputated. He is all right otherwise, and I believe that I can save the rest of his hand,” said Dr. E. T. Stahl a few minutes before he went into the emergency operating room. “Three windows of Jaap’s room were blown out by the force of the explosion. Walls and desk top were scarred and cut up by flying debris, and blood was spattered over the ceiling and wall. No remnant of the mixing receptacle could be found,” stated one of Jaap’s roommates who was in the house at the time. Second Explosion Jaap had a recent demonstration of the explosive power of these two chemicals in the same room by his room-mate Max Hillmer who went to St. Elizabeth’s hospital last Wednesday with serious face injuries from a similar explosion. “If you feel the urge to experiment, ask you instructor first,” was Dr. F. D. Martin’s advice to all chem experimenters. “A special film on explosives was shown last week to discourage all such projects. These chemicals explode violently even when ground together.”
InterfratemittCouncil Announces Election Of Officers; Dean President
Outfielder Ross Dean of the varsity basebalHeam, president of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, was elected last night to the presidency of the Interfraternity Council at a meeting held in room D of the Memorial Union Building. Beta Theta Pi President Robert
D. Juve was selected to fill the vicepresidential post, while William A. Reed, Phi Kappa; and Charles E. Lang, Phi Kappa Tau, wei-e voted into treasurer and secretary positions I'espectively. Ross Dean is a junior in the mechanical engineering school along with Reed, while Lang and Juve both are registered in the chemical engineering school. The meeting last night was the last scheduled for this year; the new officers will take over duties with the first meeting of the Council next year. After these regular officers had been elected, retiring President Tommy Graham suggested the election or appointment of a publicity director. After brief discussion Donald R. Vance was nominated for the post and unanimously elected. Vance is president of Theta Chi fraternity, and a junior mechanical.
Eta Kappa Nu’s Picnic Tomorrow
Members of Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary, will hold their annual picnic tomorrow afternoon at Professor D. D. Ewing’s farm, 5 miles south of Lafayette. Swimming, softball games, and a wiener roast ■will comprise the program. Charles Weithman, program chairman, requests that all members, who have not already done so add their names to the list on the Electrical Engineering Building bulletin board today.
Ag Staff To Hear Sexson Speak On Farm Program
Members of the University agriculture staff will herv Virgil D. Sexson, extension representative of the Indiana agricultural conservation committee talk on “1938 Federal Farm Program” at regular monthly luncheon to be held in the Memorial Union Building next Monday. Professor Ralph E. Roberts of the dairy husbandry department will act as chairman of the committee on arrangements.
J. E. Dunn...
. . . EE ’20, was recently appointed district engineer for the Portland Cement Association at its Richmond, Va., office. Prior to his appointment Dunn had been the company’s field engineer for the state of Tennessee.
Exponent Scribe Accompanies First Mail-Passenger Flight From City By D. S. Greenwood
Climaxing the observance of National Air Mail Week, the first airplane flight carrying mail and passengers from Lafayette occurred yesterday morning at 10:16 when Capt. L. I. Aretz took off from the University airport in the tri-motored Stinson Airliner loaded with 2,204 airmail letters from Lafayette, several hundred more from surrounding cities, and seven passengers.
Capt. L. I. Aretz, University flying instructor, who piloted the his-tory-making Stinson tri-motor yesterday.
ISew Head Of Greek Presidents’ Council
Ross Dean
Major G. Kurtz Gals Appointment
Major G. 0. Kurtz, University ROTC instructor, has recently received an appointment to enter the Army War College. The appointment will enable him to further advance his training in staff work, after which he may be assigned to duty with troops or to a General Staff position at higher headquarters.
Majoring in mechanical engineering at the University of Colorado, Major Kmtz giaduated in 1917. He entered the army after graduation and served for 19 years before coming to the University. During this time, he graduated from the Field Artillery School at Fort Sill, Okla., and the Command and General Staff School at Ft. Leavenworth, Kans. “I have enjoyed my stay at Purdue very much and will always cherish the contact of both students and faculty that I have made here,” Major Kurtz said yesterday.
Camera Club To Feature Sludenf Globe Trotter
Harold E. Harvey, Science ’41, will entertain an open meeting of the Purdue Camera Club next Tuesday at 7:16 p. m. in room D of thb Memorial Union, The business meeting, principally concerned with returning Spring Exhibit, prints, will adjourn early to feature Harvey’s pictui’es.
The list of passengers included Hank Miller, WBAA radio announcer; Bob Hildebrand, airport attache; Alice Slathour, secretary to Postmaster Isherwood; Robert C. Woodworth, acting, athletic director for the University; Curtis Benton, entomologist; and Mrs. Benton; and the ■writer. Head for Indianapolis After taking off lazily into a clouded sky, the plane circled the airport and Lafayette in salute and headed for Indianapolis on its historical flight—truly a striking contrast to that epical flight attempted by John Wise on August 17,1869, in his smoke-filled bag “Jupiter” which took off from the northeast corner of the courthouse square loaded with 123 letters and 23 circulars, with Washington, D. C. as its destination. Wise, who was forced down six miles south of Crawfordsville, was (Continued on page 3)
Scenes of the customs and natives of Korea will be shown by_ Harvey who has worked with a mining company in Korea for six years. The Cosmopolitan Club, students, and faculty who are interested in photography of foreign lands are invited by the club officials to attend the meeting.
Cosmopolitans Plan Formal For Saturday
In competition with the mixer, the Cosmopolitan Club will hold its annual Spring Formal Saturday evening at the regular mixer price of one dollar a couple. The dance, lasting from 9 to 1, will be held in Allen’s Ballroom.
Hal Denman’s orchestra 'which originated at the University of Virginia and has played at many college dances in the east and middlewest, Avill play. The vocalist, Kenny Bee was formerly with Carl Moore’s orchestra.
60 Students Turn In Petitions For Senate Positions
All Student Senate petitions must be in the Senate office this afternoon by 6:30 o’clock, the deadline set by Senate officials. Candidates will be elected at registration next September. Senate officials announced that last night no petitions had been taken out by freshmen petitioning for electrical positions. If no one petitions for the position before today’s deadline, the position will be held open for petitions next fall. Present candidates are: Mechanical Engineering: sophomore,5; juniors, 3; seniors, 3. Electrical Engineering: sophomore, 0; junior, 6; senior, 2. Chemical Engineering: sophomore, 4; junior, 6; senior, 2. Civil Engineering: sophomore, 1; junior, 2; senior, 3. Agriculture: sophomore 3; junior, 4; senior, 3. Science: sophomore, 3; junior, 2; senior, 2. Home Economics: sophomore, 2; junior, 4; senior, 1. From the PSE, PE, Industrial Eng., Pharmacy, and Engineering Law two representatives ■will be chosen. There are eight candidates. Prom the other school there will be two representatives from each school.
^Plenty Of Debris LefF—Siebenthal
Art Siebenthal, Debris business manager, announced last night that “There would be plenty of copies of the Debris available tomorrow.” According to Siebenthal, many persons desiring copies have delayed coming to the Debris office until “after the rush is over,” Over 90 copies of Debris were on hand yesterday evening when the office was closed for the night. This afternoon, at 4 p. m., 490 copies will be available for distribution.
Lucas, California Dons, To Play For Cary Spring Formal
Black and white spring formals and Clyde Lucas will Vnix tonight at the Cary Club spring formal in the Union ballroom from 8:30 p. m. till 12:30 a. m. A large light blue backdrop •with a three foot black and gold Cary Club crest centered, will furnish the background for Clyde Lucas and his California Dons. Programs will consist of four pages inside a cream-colored cardboard cover with center removed to show a miniature black and gold crest. Approximately 320 student bids have been issued for this closed dance. Punch and wafers will be served during the evening in the corner of the' ballroom. Flowers will furnish the other decorations for the dance floor.
Murphy Will Speak At WSGA Meeting
Meeting in the women’s lounge of the Union instead of the faculty lounge as previously announced, WSGA members will hear Prof. Charles Murphy of the history, government and economics department, will talk on current events at a mass meeting next Tuesday afternoon at 4:16. Professor Murphy has recently given a series of informal talks at some of the sorority houses. Another feature of the meeting will be the introduction of the recently elected officers, cabinet officers, and executive board by Mary Alice Learning, the new president.
Indiana Weather
John Caracciolo is assisted 'by Marcia Clevenger and Carl GerlachT in arranging the dance.
Writers Have Their Place In World. Says T. Wolfe
Professors Creek, Cummings Announce Winimrs in Campus Short Story, Poem, Essay, Library Contests
Writers have a definite place in the world, Thomas Wolfe, speaker at the annual Literary Banquet, told approximately 300 people, mostly faculty and townspeople, last night in the Union ballroom. A self-titled poor speaker, Wolfe held the attention of the audience by his intense sincerity, “I think a writer has a place in
Beauty^ Size Of Campus Impress Visiting Speaker By K. C. Houston
Smoking endless cigarettes and pacing back and forth—too full of energy to remain seated — as he talked. Literary Banquet Speaker Thomas Wolte, about six feet six inches tall, with black, curly hair, and wearing glasses, expressed his desire “to talk from the work shop,” as he was interviewed yesterday afternoon.
“I worked right up to the minute I got here, so I am going to talk right from my shop,” he added, explaining that by “my shop” he meant his personal qualification and equipment as a writer.
This is the first time he has had an opportunity to visit Purdue, he explained and said he was much impressed by the beauty and largeness of the campus. “I think this country around here is beautiful. It’s so different from where I come from,” he said, adding that he had been born in the mountains of North Carolina.
“As a writer, I wish I knew a lot more about engineering,” Wolfe divulged. A -writer can improve his work greatly through knowledge of such subjects as engineering, medicine, and other sciences, he added.
After working hard for seven months, Thomas Wolfe decided to take a few weeks’ vacation in the West before returning to work on a two-million word book he is ■writing. “I’ll have to go back to New York soon,” he concluded.
Independent Staff To Install Officers
Editors of the Purdue Independent for the next year will be installed in office at a banquet for the PIA publication’s workers tonight at 6:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
the world, just the same as an engineer, business man, or lawyer,” said the tall novelist, who stood a head over President E. C. Elliott, toastmaster for the dinner. “People can’t quite get it into their heads that a writer has to write,” complained Wolfe. Writing is a business just the same as any other vocation,” he said “You have to use what you’ve got; you can’t use what you haven’t got.” My father got callouses on his hands from his occupation of stone cutting, and I get callouses on my hand from writing with a pencil. Winners Announces After Wolfe’s speech, winners in the various literal y contests on the campus were announced by Profs. ‘ H. L. Creek and F. A. Cummings, of the University English department: Winterrowd Library Award—^first prize, $100, L. M. Comee; second prize, $36, H. A. Helstrom. Best Short Plays—first prize, George Ade Cup, A. H. Forster; honorable mention, B. J. Koehler, William Billings, and A. H. Forster. Best Stories—first prize, Horace G. Reisner Cup, Helen Steffee; honorable mention, Bernard Firestone, Lloyd Alexander, Marie Wetzel, Mary Thompson, Dorothea Justin, B. J. Koehler, and J. H. Hocker. Best Poems—first prize, Da-vid E. Ross Cup, Jarry Cleveland; honorable mention, Anna DuiTie. Best Essays on Science—^first prize, $10, S. A. Zimmerman; second prize, $6, Harry Poll; honorable mention, W. D^ Marsh, John Ewbank. Jack Orr, Mary Wien, and Wayne Fisher. Best Informal Essay—first prize. Governor Clifford M. Townsend Cup Dorothy Martenet; second prize $10 B. J. Koehler; honorable mention, William Billings, Ed Sroka, L. G. Blevins, John Ewbank, and R. E. Schlendorf. Best Historical Essay—first prize $15, Johnny Maudlin; second prize, $10, William Billings; honorable mention,“R. L. Keck. Best Technical Literary Paper— first prize. Theta Tau engineering award of a civil engineering handbook, J. J. Consoli.
Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott -will be guests of honor at the banquet, and David Meacham, retiring editor-in-chief, will act as toastmaster.
Faculty Meeting
Folio-wing the banquet, Independent workers and their guests will dance at Duncan Hall to the music of Bob Shinn and his orchestra.
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, May 23, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELUOTT, Pi'esident.
Student Athletic Association Election
(Sample Ballot) Memorial Union Building Lobby
Friday, May 20, 1938 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. (Mark checks in squares to indicate choices)
FOR SENIOR SECRETARY (Vote only for one)
□ Richard M. McGhee □ William D. Yeoman
FOR JUNIOR VICE-PRESIDENT (Vote only for two) □ Robert W. Viehe □ Henry Frazee □ Donald N. Rice □ Richard A. Stapleton
Forecast for Indiana: Showers and local thunderstorms today and probably tomorrow. Cooler tomorrow and in extreme northwest por^^ tions today. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 84; low, 64; mean, 74.
SAA voting polls will be open today from 8 a. m. to 6 p. m. in the lebiar of the Union. All students are eligible to vote, but must present thMe . passports. The previous SAA voting held last week in the lower Union Hatt* ha4 nothing to do with today’s election. The first vote was for a eonsUtnlipiijil. amendment, changing the selection of senior offiLcers and The amendment was carried.f
I
^dibfooL
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
diunuA.
Friday, May 20, 1938
Jha £diioh SaJf& ’ Free Taxi Service. . , . will be offered on the campus today—but there will be a string tied to the offer. Today is one of those rare open-election days, a day which gn es every student in the University the chance to cast his vote, and promises a veritable picnic for Purdue politicians. If you, by chance, are not blessed with an automobile you’ll find it no trick at all to flag down some student vehicle bound for the Union and the polls. But here you meet the “string” we mentioned. Your taxi driver will, .lust by way of friendly advice of course, tell you that “Whosit IS a fine man, of sterling character, who could use your support, pal.. . how about it?” If you’re smart, you’ll probably humor the driver, kid him along, and ride to the Union with him It’s just not good manners to tell him that you’re only going to the sweet shop for a coke, or that the opposing candidate is your roommate. As long as the driver can keep a full car of poll-bound passengers he’ll be happy m the knowledge his clique is being served properly. That’s just campus politics ip one of its milder forms. If you had been near some of the party leaders the night before you would have seen a telephoning spree that might amaze you unless you knew that it was just secret plans being passed around to all the party supporters. Other, more devious forms of campaigning have also been known. Sometimes even printed propaganda has suddenly appeared, but then a “gentlemen’s agreement” between parties can generally stave that off. All these things and many more happened last year at SAA election time, but then only persons owning ticket books could vote. With the whole student body eligible to vote for Student Athletic Association treasurer and vicepresidents today, we prophecy a brilliant performance of campus politics at its best—or its worst.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscription $3 per year, by mail $3 50
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback
Business Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, W A Kroeplin, D G Temo, J C Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager Sales Manager National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director
M. C. Reeves E M Antonini _ W F Berg V Daugherty H W Nevin W E Smith D J Henninger
Editor Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF R L McDonald J A Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R J Deckard MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—McKee Friday, May 20, 1938
Letters to the Editor
Unpardonable Blunder? To the Editor of Bold and Black: You sii, hate committed an unpaidonable blundei, oi you aie guilty of puiposelv defiling the memory of the men ttho fought and died for their country. It was of these men that Tennyson wiote, “Theiis not to leason whv, theiis but to do oi die” It seems mci edible that anyone would have the pooi taste to deseciate the memoiy of men who are deal to the heaits of then countrymen. It IS not up to you to attempt to make humoious lemaiks about their fitting memoiial You only succeed in making yourself appear ludi crous and very much umnformed Whether they fought and died without question for their countiy is leason enough for us all to hallow their memoiy I hope that such occurences will not be repeated. Ben Olsen Jr., EE ’38.
Editor’s Note’ After receiving this letter yesterday, vre talked with
Exponent Scribe-
(Continued fiom page 1)
not as successful on his flight as we weie, foi aftei 30 minutes of compaiatively smooth flying, we felt the jolt from the wheels of the laige aiihnei as it touched the conciete i unway of the Indianapolis Municipal aiipoit ‘Swarm of Bees’ At the ’poit, theie was a laige ciowd including a bombaidment of newsmen and photogiaphers to gleet the incoming planes and then occupants Walking along a make-
our Bold and Black writer and confirmed our suspicion that a misinterpretation of the paragraph in question, printed in yesterday’s column, caused Mr. Olsen’s resentment. The suggestion of Bold and Black to replace the cross with a welcome mat was intended as sarcasm directed toward those students who habitually walk over the cross, violating tradition. Instead of intending “desecration” this was put into the column as a reminder for students to respect the cross and tablet and the campus traditions that go with them.
By Georgeann Schilling Many people glory in being legaided as eccentric, believing that this separates them from the ciowd and helps them express their peisonalities Such people do not realize that by being “different,” they are not expressing their real self Of course you will attract attention to yourself, but eccentric means “away from the center” and what you are really doing is separating yourself from others by your peculiarities of ma^er or dress The world will glance over its shoulder at these eccentric people, may even be interested or fascinated for a moment, write about them in the newspapers, but will not throw wide its arms in welcome. Then there is the other extreme—the tear of being oneself, the fear ot doing or saying what you know to be right. Do not be childishly fond of your own opinions, and be careful to avoid hurting anyone’s feelings The social idea is self-respect plus a respect for others.
MaiiI
TODAY — TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
THE OP THE AIRWAVES. ^BRINGS YOU BREATHLESS THRILLS AND ROMANCE!
—Plus— LOVE ON A DIME! It’s Romance up-to-the Minute! SALESLADY with ANNE NAGEL WELDON HEYBURN
Also—Rubs Morgan Orchestra
—LAST TIMES TODAY— bottle-scarred t 'IeGIONNAIRES and ^ A DAW^E ... I ^
—5 DAYS— Starting SATURDAY
shift sidewalk, we made oui way to the hangai which had been conveited into a post office for taking caie of ail mail from Indiana cities. This place resembled a swaim of bees around a beehive, there were so many workers counting, sorting, and stamping the mail To the west of the hangar were about 50 planes lepiesenting all paits of the state These airplanes were to take off at 4 30 to delivei mail to then lespective. cities Aftei meeting some of the Indianapolis notables, including the postmastei, and listening to Captain Aretz and Hank Miller give a “plug” foi Lafayette over a “man on the street” program, which was in session near the hangar, we staited foi home A few minutes latei we had landed at the University an port Tiuly a noble flight and another link in the long chain of achievements in the annals of ah mail history.
ciipEm.^
_ MATIQNAl PICTUftI
—Also— ‘PAINTED STALLION” No. 10
LUNA TODAY — SATURDAY
Flying Thrills . Jungle Terrors!
AND—
A TREAT FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY! A THRILL FOR THE WHOLE WORLD!
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
NOISES IN THE CHI O DORM Cried out WSGA president Mary Alice Learning . . in the midst of a stormy night, “All those offices have to be filled . . . they must be filled” ... With Chi Omegas, Mary Alice f
Is it true that a faculty member named Hixon is replacing Jim Zachary in the heart of Lillian (Grill manager) Peterson? Jim is still seen in the Grill, but not with his former love. We wonder why?
FLASH • A lonely cow on a farm not far from the campus has altered her call from “Moo” to “Sigma Nu” Some of the boys spent Mothers’ Day week-end sleeping in the barn, and the pooi cow misses them now that they have gone. Bob Insley has to make a trip to the farm nearly every night to sing “Bossy” to sleep.
The Sigma Pi boys are throwing an Orchid Dance this week-end. That sounds pretty good to us, and remember girls an orchid is an orchid—even if they do get a special price on them.
A lumoied engagement doesn’t seem to stop browsing room’s Aline Marshal m her pursuit of life, love, and stuff She has been seen fiequently with Fiank Milner during the past few weeks In theory, a diamond holds most people in check—bi,it there aie exteptions Why does Theta Chi Roy Filler spend his evenings engaged in the delicate art of cutting out paper dolls at the Chi 0 House? It must be the environment, Roy, or perhaps you truly love art for art’s sake WANTED Good looking date that is willing to neck She must have a cai and should be willing to go to Shaffei Lake on May 29 Call Bob Mullei
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
“One buzz is for the office boy, two is for you, Snodgrass, and three is for Bascomb—and if anybody comes in when I don’t buzz—you’re fired!”
Word Has Been... . . . leceived that B E Phelps, CE ’26, assistant engineer of constiaction, LaPorte district, of the Indiana State Highway Commission, was lecently appointed a member of the Board of Sanitary Commissioners for the Sanitary District of Gaiy.
Dr. John A. Nietz of the University of Pittsburgh has a collection of some 1,500 old textbooks used in U. S schools
Safe driving and traffic efficiency is one of the new couises planned for the University of Pittsburgh summer session.
College and Univeisity enrollments form 15 per cent of the youth of the nation of college age.
POPCORN-ICE CREAM Economical health foods for Spring and Summer. Nowhere so cheap as at DAD’S PLACE - So Handy
We Carry a Complete Line of ARROW Shirts and Ties GULLION'S West Lafayette
Arrow Announces a New Shirt with a New Collar
After 3 years of research Arrow has perfected a new shirt with a truly amazing non-wilt collar. This astonishing new collar will outwear any others you've ever tried. It's impervious to perspiration, won't wrinkle, crack, or blister. Always trim and neat.
THE DART $2.25
ARROW SHIRTS
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN STREETFriday, May 20< 1936
THE PURDUE
SpOiiA.
EXPONENT
1 »
Boilermaker Golf Squad Leaves For Conference Meet
Baseball Track Teams Journey To Columbus
Diamondmen To Face Ohio State University; Thiniies To Appear in Western Conference Meet
The Boilermaker golf squad left for their last trip of the current season yesterday when they went to Minneapolis, Minn, to compete in the Big Ten golf tournaments Enroute to Minneapolis, the group will stop at Iowa City, la , to engage the Hawkeye squad John David, who placed third m individual standings last year in the Big Ten tourney and mam hope of the Boilermaker squad, is expected to make another strong bid for the title again this year.
PE Leaders To Lead Leadership Discussions
League Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Dr F R. Eastwood and Elmer Burnham, of the physical education department, will leave today for Brazil to inform county and city recreational groups of physical education leadership problems Dr. Eastwood will continue to the East Boy Camp, Bloomington, 111, to speak to various recreational groups at that place.
River Swim Men desiring to enter river swim please sign up on I-M bulletin board —CLEVETT.
In th s shirt waist style sports dress of new novelty spun rayon check Tailored shirt collar flap pockets and bodice details— action back—four novelty pleats m skirt Tiny pearl buttons close bodice Novelty belt of straw in two color combination Comes in red with red and white belt green with green and white belt and skipper blue with navy and white belt Sizes 12 to 20, at
$5.95
FROCKS ARE SHOWN
EXCLUSIVELY at
ZIMMERMAN'S UEEN
South Side Square
The “pennant weaving” Boilermaker baseball squad, 20 strong, left for Columbus, 0 , yesterday to meet the Ohio State Buckeye squad in a crucial two-game series today and tomorrow Both squads, in second and fifth places respectively, are after their fifth and sixth victories in the mad scramble for top positions in the Western Conference baseball race
Dr Eastwood’s talk will stress development and requirement for leadership His topic will include also the university’s place in the development of lay and professional leadership.
Gold and Black Coach, “Dutch” Fehring, said yesterday that Arnold Bredewater, who has yet to taste defeat in three Big Ten starts, will be the choice as pitcher in the initial game today Carrol Mangas will also appear on the mound for tomorrow’s game
Drying mud in the Ohio State University Stadium holds whatever doubt there may be to the outcome of the annual Western Conference tiack meet today and tomorrow as eight Boilermaker trackmen an ived in Columbus, O , last night Smarting under the strong competition the group will face, the Pu^ue representatives, co captained by hurdler Robert Lemen and quarter-miler Charles Terhune, are keyed to the finest degree of condition, Coach Hermon Phillips commented yesterday Lemen Opposes Gedeon Lemen, opposed by Michigan’s crack hurdlei Elmer Gedeon, will be a strong contender for conference
Lineup Fehring said he would use Art Bredewater, twin brother of Arnold, on the receiving end of the battery Waling will be assigned to the initial bag, Heaine to the keystone position, Thompson at shortstop, and Mackiewicz at the hot corner Stamm, Dickinson, and Dean will roam the outfield posts for the Boilermakers
Other members of the squad making the trip are Breslin, Doan, Higgins, Heiss, Johnson, Krause, McAfee, Lyboult, Warner, Vernon, and Yeager
Intramurals
BASEBALL
—Today-
Diamond
-Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Gamma Rho
Alpha
individual championships and will be assisted by Jack Shideler and Steve Gutting Other Purdue hopes for individual titles are Bodeau, middle distance man, Knapp, distance man and Curran, javelin Roger DeLong will lepresent the local team in the dash events Michigan Favorites Michigan, who has held a monop oly in midwestern track circles foi the past five years, is favored to retain their Western conference title The Wolverines’ outstanding star will be Bill Watson, negio shot putter, broad jumper, and discus thiowei Notable stai s of the meet will be Chuck Fenske, Wisconsin distance man, (George Halciow, Chicago dashman, Verian, Minnesota dashman, Robinson, Illinois hurdler, Albritton, Ohio State’s co-holder of the woild’s high jump lecoid, and Liljegren, Minnesota distance man, and Padway, Wisconsin pole vaultei Glenn Cunningham will run a special mile race
Studies in Shades and Sheer ness
In all the newest colors ARCHER Crepe Chiffons set off to perfection the season’s most stunning ensembles. The durable, sheer texture of ARCHERS emphasizes delicate leg-lines and accentuates their loveliness.
$j.oo
per pr.
THIEHE & WANGERIN CO
622-626 Main Street
During Summer Vacation LEARN TO FLY
Learn to fly this summer at lower rates and by a competent instructor. Flying is an enjoyable pastime — one which many times repays the initial learning cost and one which is likely to prove a valuable asset.
The cost is very low . . . only $3.00 per lesson.
Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I, Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
Won
Lost
Pet
New York
19
6
760
Chicago
16
12
571
Boston
12
11
521
Pittsburgh
13
12
520
Cincinnati
13
12
520
St Louis
12
13
480
Bi ooklyn
11
18
379
Philadelphia
6
16
273
Maroon Courlmen Reign As Favorites In Big Ten Tourney
Yesterday’s Results Cincinnati, 4, Philadelphia, Chicago, 1, New York, 0 St Louis, 4, Brooklyn, 8 Pittsburgh, 3, Boston, 4
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
Cleveland
18
9
667
Boston
16
9
.640
New York
15
9
625
Washington
17
13
566
Chicago
9
11
450
Detroit
11
14
440
Philadelphia
7
17
291
St Louis
7
18
280
Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia, 2, Detroit, 6 Boston, 0, Chicago, 4. Washington, 3, Cleveland, 15 New York-St Louis (ram).
Chicago’s Maroons, after winning shutout victories in all of their dual meets except Northwestern, reigned as top favorite to capture the Western Conference tennis meet in progless today and tomorrow at Northwestern Univeisity Chicago’s hopes rest on the shoulders of two sets of brothers, the Murphey twins, and John and Charles Shostrom Northwestern ranks second to the Maroons as favorites The Purple’s captain Marvin Wachman is the only college tennis player to push John Shostrom, of the Maioons, to the limit before the Chicago ace could gam victory Northwestern has won all of its conference meetings except the two with Chicago The team championship will be detei mined by the number of contests a team wins in each division There are six divisions in the singles and three divisions in the doubles, each team nominating a player for each division
WAA News
Dolphin Club Asks For Boats To Use In Annual Swim
Ram called a halt to the mixed aichery meet yesterday afternoon Non competitive archery will be re sumed this afternoon at 4 o’clock on the aicheiy range behind the Executive Building For the past three Thursday afternoons, mixed archery has been shot on the lange with an average of about 20 players attending each meet Equipment may be checked out of the respective gymnasiums W-A-A Entrants m the interclass aicheiy tournaments aie uiged to meet on the range today and finish their shooting by Miss Marian Russell who IS in chaige
According to “Chief” Clevett, the Dolphin Club is having trouble procuring enough boats for the annual river swim which is to be held next Monday afternoon Rules state that a boat must accompany each man to be on hand in case the swimmer gets into trouble To meet this demand, the Dolphin Club IS willing to pay the usual rate of one dollar for rowboats and canoes and three dollars for motorboats Anyone having a boat to rent may get m touch with the intramural office at once, Clevett stated Seven men have signed up for the swim, but Clevett said that he expected 12 or 15 men to be entered by Monday
EIRieiES THE FMi OF km mmm
Honey in Vetlo Bole improves all tobaccos You spend at least $20 for tobacco in a year —$1 spent on Yello Bole makes that $20 worth of tobacco taste twice as good I Get yours
ELLO-eOLE
REG U & PAf OEE
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection.
H. G. (D@ac) Reisner
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a CoQego Education H.G.SQSS4ER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• PreFesstonsI
The Ride Dental CUnic
FAUL A. xniE
D&. ■ASOLD 1. XJ8K
4th & Main Rione 5701
9 Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive R Yourseli THAYER'S GARAGE
AoroM irom Methodlat Chtueh WEST LAFAYETTB
e Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED-SHABPENED New Mower* 6JS0 emd «p. Delivery service oa Mower*. MUIHAUPTS Phons 2828-208-11N. Sth St
e Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co ed Special, Thurs - Fri KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
e Florist
Hidh J-Itfddi
Inc
US Ibla 8L te Inm TlM*tM BsIMtaw
Phone 7955-8050
mmmI
'jf 41 J
^«5t \
ki I if
^tamt OdiL.
THE PUBD1IE EXPONENT
n^nfiraA
Friday, May 20, 1938
Chicago Engineers To Honor Sheets, '38 FianTk Sheet>^ CE S8 AMllbepio sented ^^lth a ninioi membeiship in the ASCE today at a luncheon meet ing of the Chicacfo Engineeis Club in Chicago The awaid is given an nuallv to outstanding civil engineeis m the Illinois section of the soclet^ vhich includes Purdue, Arnioui Illinois Lewis Institute, Northwestern and Rose Poly Pi of C \ Ellis of the civil school will piesent Sheets to the nienibeis who will m tuin piesent Sheets with the piize The awaid coveis the fii^t ^eal s dues in the association
lenda, compui shuttei, Schneidex S 5 lens Pi actically new $28 Call L Lyles 3904
Initiations postponed un-
—MUSHAM
FOR RENT—Excellent lowei fiont loom foi giaduate students oi office woikeis Phone 66254
Tan Beta Pi til next week
(5 21)
Senate Petitions Petitions may be turned in at the Senate office Until 6 30 p m
Friday May 20
—ELLIOTT
PEW Tennis Classes Attend tennis ex hibion on Women s tennis courts Friday afternoon, May 20 if possible Singles and doubles matches from 3 30 to 6 p m —HAZELTON
Varsity Trackmen Debris pictures postponed until Tuesday May 24 —ROPER
Scrivener Actives and Pledgres Meet in Union rooms 1 and 2 for initiation services at 6 p m Sunday May 22 Please bring initiation fees Banquet at Wheeler s at 6 30 p m —JUSTIN
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 pm
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes Dance will be held Friday May 20 at 9 p m in Duncan Hall You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card —CLYMER
Senate Will all junior senators and any interested senator meet in the Senate office at 1 p m Saturday May 21 to hear in formation concerning NSFA -ELLIOTT
Archery Mixed archery on Women s Range at 4 p m Friday, May 20 Equipment may be checked out fiom respective gyms —KINZER
University Orchestra Final rehearsal Friday May 20 at 7 p m in Fowler Hall studio for radio broadcast Saturday —PHILLIPS
Virginia C Meredith Club Meeting for election of officers Friday May 20 at 4 p m in the Home Economics Building —DeWITT
Musical Organizations All students who are planning to attend banquet on Wed nesday May 25 at 6 30 p m make res ervations at musical office before noon Sat urday May 21 —CODDINGTON
Chinese Students Club There will be a meeting of the Club Saturday May 21 in room C of the Union Building at 1 p m It IS important that all members be present —SOO HOO
Kappa Delta Pi Meeting has been postponed until Wednesday May 26 Election of officers at that time —BYRD
Women Students All women students interested in living in a co op house during the summer call 41804 (6 23) —BOAS
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired Supplies Multigraph and mimeograph work C F Fbershoff, 606 Main street
Exponent Editorial Freshmen Turn your night preferences and your examination schedules in to my box before Friday May 20 —HARDIN Dairy Club Dairy students please sign up at the bulletin board in Smith Hall be fore Saturday May 21 if you are planning to attend the dairy picnic Saturday —MYERS
Purdue Engineer Meeting of all assist ant editois and junior business staff mem bers at 6 p m Friday May 20 in the Engineer office —TAYLOR
Senate Petitions Student Senate petitions may be obtained in the Senate office from 4 to 5 30 p m Friday May 20 Petitions must be turned in to the office by 6 30 p m Friday May 20 —ELLIOTT
FOR S AlLE—Flow ei shop two gieenhouses with duplex adjoining, five cai gaiage established 22 xeai'j located in cential Indiana Excellent baigain foi $3 000 cash, lemaindei m paxinents Addiess leplie': to P 0 Box 225 Lafayette Indiana
FOR RENT—A laige lowei fiont loom suitable foi two summei stu dents Phone 76022
FOR S ALE—White Palm Beach suit size 36 Cost new $17 50 bai gam at S6 50 Call 66653
ROOMS—To let to summer coeds 102 Andiew Place
FOR RENT—3 laige looms fui nished lowei front apt, newly dec oiated electiic lefiigeiation Pri vate bath city heat Utilities $10 a week 515 North 7th St
LOST—LogLog Vectoi slide lule H J Beckei punted on lule Reward Call 71641
FOR SALE—Eastman Kodak Vo-
For Your Summer
Business Suit
We have the latest materials with new colors, patterns, and weave Drop m and be measured for a suit to be made especially for you
Sparrendahl
TAILOR
Hotel Fowler
Fourth and Ferry
Every housewife wants to save as much as possible on her food bills — but without sacrificing quality. That’s why it pays to shop at Piggly Wiggly. Prices are consistently low but, being self-service, quality HAS to be high. The merchandise must be its own salesman, and that means nationally known quality products at low prices.
“N o w that I have my Coolerator I never bother with covered dishes (And such a bother as they used to be') I am told the air conditioning m Coolerator prevents rapid drying out and mmimizes exchange of flavors Whatever the reason, everything tastes better and I save all that extra work ” Most people want to be rid of Covered dishes They take up valuable space, there’s the nuisance of transferring leftovers from one contamer to another—the extra dishwashmg is a considerable item Coolerator owners quickly find they can free themselves from this bother Why not mvestigate this truly modem refrigerator that keeps foods fresher yet costs less? FOR YOUR 10 DAY FREE TRIAL CALL LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. Phone 5078 4th and Salem Sts.
White Summer Suits and Shoes
Outfitted by RELIABLE from head to foot. Our white suits are as cool as they look. They are designed for extra comfort, extra smartness, and extra wear. Come in and try our shoes too—they are very “reliable.” Suits $4.98 Up Shoes $1.98-$2.98 RELIABLE CLOTHING COMPANY 416 Main
Cosmopolitan Club Important meeting Friday May 20 at 7 30 p m in room C of the Union All members are expected to attend Election of officers will be held —CARACCIOLO
laok of summer school catalogues, those desiring to see them please come to the summer school office in the Executive Building (6-84) —KNIGHT
Campus Variety Cast Tower room is available for rehearsals Friday May 20 at 8 o clock —MILLER Summer School Students Due to the
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club Picnic Sunday May 22 at WAA cabin Meet at 3 00 p m in mam lounge of Union for transportation (6 22) —BRANDT
Kodachrome Color Pictures With the Argus Camera $12.30 HINEA'S
634 MAIN
PHONE 7775
Sm)i6u
FOR SUMMER COMFORT
Smart Mesh Knit Cotton POLO SHIRTS
49
c
• Record-smashing savings on quality polo shirts' Good-looking easy to launder' Knit from combed cotton yarns m sturdy tuckstitch weave Choice of one-button, three button or lace neck White, maize or blue Small, medium or large size
Men’s Tennis Type Cotton POLO SHIRTS
39
• So cool and comfortable, you’ll be glad you bought several when hot weather comes along' Airy combed cotton Favorite pullover style with round neck, short sleeves Tennis Balls
• Approved by U S Lawn Tennis Association Hermetically sealed can of three
1.15
Sanforized Cotton Slacks $]^.oo
others $1.49 • Wash trousers of all kinds for every occasion' Cool, comfortable and low priced' Styles and fabrics a careful dresser looks for — suitable for general wear, sports or work'
Men’s Caps
• Some 100% wool other 54 wool New spring and sum mer fabrics JLs sorted styles Leather sweatband
25-
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4030
SAA
For Senior Secretary Bill YEOMAN
von TODty.
For Junior Vice-Presidents
SAA • DON RICE BOBVIEHE SAA