k !» ,' "v!^ ’i' « 1^ '' ‘ ..i^ t ** ‘■'/'■^ y j'^ IV "' ''J’'f,-,.V ■‘V -■ l' ^ I ' '<h i ’ ^ i ^"■3 '‘r I ;> ' <■ ^ I* ^ I-' '- . ' ’ C ^ ;j
>?45^/ fcl
_ >
(>
B
WATCH EXPONENT , Ads For Shopping
%
Sugge'stlons
Esi-abtished 1889
xnanend^
TRACK TIAIi^
Trains For Meet
With Indiana
Volume 55, No. 61
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, December If, 1942
Riveters Take Opener From Wabash Five, 43-28
Prof. Hits
F. C. Hockema ®"‘' '’'°y
At WAA Harvest Hop
Army Rumor
Coeds To Stay On Campus
Under Present Set-Up
In a statement yesterday designed to inform students of the University’s position with respect to an anticipated program of training for the armed forces here, Prof. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, professed ignorance of any imme-
diate plans for change.
Hockema said there were all sorts of rumors circulating largest bands in the coun-
around the campus now to the effect that the University
Sporlswomen, Coed Athletic Honorary, To Announce Pledges University of Illinois’ “Top” swing band will be featured tonight at the Harvest Hop, sponsored by WAA. This is to be the last coed bid dance of the year and is to be a strictly sport affair. Pledges for Sportswomen, women’s athletic honorary, will be announced during the evening by Barbara Ford,
president.
Bud Roderick organized his orchestra, consisting of twelve musicians, at Illinois three years ago. Before building his own band, he played with several of —
planned to institute military training for everyone. This trend of thought has been brought about by Roosevelt’s recent announcement of chahges in the manpower program, t)Ut, as yet no definite arrangements have been made. He said that students know almost as much about the government’s plans as does the Executive Committee of
the Univi^'sity.
Curtiss-W right Will Enroll 100 In University
On Febiuaiy 1, 1943, CurtissWnght Aeronautical Corporation will enroll 100 women students in
“The Executive Committee is be- the University for a year’s training ing kept ready,” said Hockema, “to designed to prepare them to fill pochange tbe University’s entile cui- sitions in the Aiiframe and Propelrfcula on a few days’ notice. Courses ler divisions. As stated on notices of study have been outlined by all S'Cnt to Univeisity coeds, the redcparttnents in the eventuality that quirements which must be met are
the armed forces take over, but no as follows; each applicant must be tHbuted to the sorority houses, codcflnitp orders have been issued.” < eighteen yeais of age or older and °P houses, and the residence halls Manoower Still In Civilan Control college experience sale and will also be Sold at the Manpower St U In Livilan Control ^ elementary college door tonight. The tickets are $1.10 Refcrnng to a recent confeiencc _ppr couple with the dance being held
in the North Ballroom of the Union
from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m.
members plan all of their own special arrangements with three members of the band writing the arrangements. Bud is in the law school at Illinois and has always been a great admirer of Glenn Miller and his style of music. They have had engagements not only in Illinois, but also in many of the suriounding states, such as Greystone, Detroit; Tune Town, St. Louis, Mo., and
others.
Tickets On Sale By Members Tickets are being sold by WAA members to others than WAA members, including the coeds of the Univeisity. The tickets are being dis-
Bud Roderick
with Paul V. McNutt, Hockema said the jjjappower Chief had pointed out tMt manpower was still in civilian Control, and that technically trained engineers and scientists for indus-
mathematics included.
Women desiiing to enter the course must call Miss Feldt’s office befoie 4:30 this afternoon to arrange for an appointment with Miss
Indiana Farm Bureau Will Entertain Ag School Graduates Monday Night
try and the armed forces would still Clevelis, Curtiss-Wiight representa-
tive, who will be on the campus Sunday and Monday to answer any
have to be supplied by universities of the nation. All college tiaining progi'ams planned for the nation are under the direction of McNutt himself, according to the President’s
Executive Order.
Prof. Hoijkema indicated that the War Department is planning to release a directive in the near future concerning technical training in colleges for tho armed forces. He said
questions which might arise, plication blanks, which may be secured in Miss Feldt’s office, must be filled out piior to the interview. This course is open to any woman, within or without the University, who can satisfactorily meet the require-
mepts.
According to Miss Feldt only 15 or 20 women have filed applications
During the evening a special novelty exhibition will be presented by the University Folk Dance Club, who call themselves the Folk-a-
Whirlers. The dance they will give ana Faim Bureau at a six o’clock Ap_ is to be a square dance and will be dinnei, Monday evening in the North
University Agricultural graduates will be entertained by the Indi-
he believes the plan will provide that
college students taken from school and made appointments, will receive three months’ basic While in training, the selected military training in camps and be women will receive free tuition and sent back to college for furthei room and board in addition to $10
training.
University Not Closed To Women He stated that University officials have absolutely no intention of closing the University to women students, pointing out that the female enrollment, especially in technical coui’ses, is expected to increase in futui'e semesters. President E. C. Elliott, scheduled to speak here Fiiday, Dec. 18, plans to bring students up to date on the entire manpower pioblem, emphasizing especially those phases of the program which conce'rn .students. Serviss Speaks At Initiation Banquet Of Tau Beta Pi The main speaker at the wintei initiation banquet of Tau Beta Pi was Prof. F. L. Serviss of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering. Pi of. Serviss’ theme was “The Engineei in the Changing World”. Ill his talk. Prof. Serviss said one of the things he wished to leave with the members was “the engineer should, of all things, be
original”.
Later in the program the following new initiates were introduced by ,1. T. Youngblood, piesident of the organization: Seniors; F. T. Essenwein, F. F. Feriy, M. M. Gotf, G. D. Hudelson, W. Koester and K. G. Roquemore. Juniors; D. C. Burger, M. W. Carbon, J. W. Clark, J. A. Gentles, C. F Hagenniaiei, F. M. Hudson, B. M. Kuck, P. H. Macqueene, A. E. Peltosalo, R. E. Peiidley, C. E. Portei, J. W. Purman, W. E. Raieit, A. E. Reynolds, H. R. Rosseii, M. Sacks, C. R. St. Claii, D. R. Sutlieiland, J, W. Watt and J. E. Ying.st. Toastmastei for the evening was
per week which they will be paid under their status as employees of Curtiss-Wright. Upon completition
led by Elizabeth Baughman, with Clarence Bodle as the caller. The house-mothers of the campus have been asked by WAA to act as chaperones for the dance. A reception -will be held for them 'during
the dance.
Margaret Johnson, Of Western Reserve, Speaks On Campus Miss Margaiet Johnson, Assist-
Ballroom of the Union. Dinner will be served as a token of good will toward the University to those students finishing their woik and those who will graduate in the coming
month.
Hassel E. Schonck, president of the Farm Bureau, says, “We feel that these fine young men who will graduate spoil are to become the leadcis in agiiculturo and certainly those of us who now shoulder some of the responsibility of organized agriculture, dcsiie to become acquainted with these future leaders. “Following the successful prose-
of the course the graduates will be Dean of the School of Applied cution of the war, these young men
assigned jobs paying $130 to $160 per month with a 40-hour week and time and one-half for overtime. While on the campus the trainees will reside on the third floor of Wood Hall.
Faculty Notice There will be a meeting of the faculty on Monday, Dec. 11, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. —EDWARD C. ELLIOTT
Meredith Club To Honor Home Ec Graduates Giaduating seiiiois in the school of Home Economics will be entertained tomoirow at a paity given in their honoi by the members of the Virginia C. Meiedith Club. All Meredith Club membeis will .seive as
hostes.ses.
Betty Doster is in chaige of the paity, which will last fiom 2:30 until 4:30 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Various games, such as bridge, bingo and Chinese checkers are planned along with group caroling. Refieshments Will be seived, Assisting the club in then piepaiation for the jiaity aie the faculty membeis of the Home Economics School, Dean Coolidge and Miss Mc-
Fai land.
Social Studies, Western Reserve University, Cleveland, Ohio, spoke yesterday at Stanley Coulter Hall concerning oppoitunities and training in the field of social work, illustrating the lecture with a motion picture of actual social cases. “After the wai, social workers will be in great demand in all social agencies and will especially be needed in rehabilitation work,” said Miss Johnsop. She stated that training in nutrition, home economics and child welfare is valuable for the futui e social woi ker as well as the requiied 24 hours of social science
courses.
Miss Johnson is now touiing the Middle West and visiting- college campuses in ordei to interest college students in advanced training 111 social work. Foi graduate and basic training, she recommended the courses offered at Wostein Reseive, Indiana Univeisity, Univeisity of Chicago, and Washington Univeisity in St. Louis. Students Must Pay In Full For Debris Or No Delivery
will be more able to meet the new and numeious problems of agricultuie,” continued the farm leader. “Perhap.s wo can help formulate a background of expeiience from which this new leadership can draw and 11101 e definitely meet the needs of tomoirow’s country.” The musical piogram will he under the diiection of A. P. Stewait, head of the Univeisity musical organizations. Those appealing on the piogiam will be Harry J. Reed, Dean of the School of Agriculture; James 0 Bray, senior Ag student, who will lespond for the Ag giaduates, and Hassel E. Schenck, piesident of the Indiana Faim Buieau. Department diiectois of the Bureau and the teaching staff of the Ag school will also attend. Women Register Today For Sorority Rush Registiation foi freshman women who aie inteiested in soiority lushing will take place fiom 1 tb 5 this afteinoon in the Union. All other students who aie interested may
legistei
It IS emphasized that coeds should sign up even though they may be consideied ineligible due to low standing in the University. Rushing will begin Jaiiuaiy 9, with a mass meeting and infoimal invitational
dinneis.
Maury Mahns
. . , will play for the legulai mixei tomoirow night in the South Ball100111 of,the Union fiom 8:30 until 11:30 The tickets for the dance will
John Armstiong, while the rc.sponse
to J. T. Youngblood’s introduction cost $1.10 and will be soli^ was given by A. E. Peltosalo. door during the dance.
Students who have not paid in full for their Debrifj should settle matters at the publication office immediately in order that they may ob-
tain their copies.
Tho deadline foi complimentaiy copy application was November 3, and only those fi atermtics which had tuf ned in then lists by that date
will leceivc then yeai books as spe- OmiCrOU ^U
cified.
Lists of fiaternity members who have purchased copies of tho Debris aie for the sole purpose of facilitat-
ing the handling of the books at vice president, Marian Seigler; sectheir distribution. These lists will rctaiy, Frances Mellon; treasurer, t tho not be consi^lered in the aportioning Dana Mae Johnson, and editor, Jean
of coinplimentaiy yearbooks. Lauei.
Candidates Should Turn In Senate Petitions Monday Next Monday at 5 p. m. is the deadline for junior and sophomore Senate petitions. The petitions, signed by 60 members of the proper schools in either the sophomore or junior classes, must be turned in then to the Student Senate office to make the petitioning candidate eligible for the election of representatives which will take place Wednesday in the Great Hall of the Union. Second semester sophomores and first semester juniors are eligible foi election as junior representatives and second semester freshmen and first semester sophomores are in a position to become sophomore representatives in the student governing body. The elections will be good for only one semester, that is from January until the beginning of the next term in May. Elected members, however, may i un again in the summer elections if they are at that time able to meet the proper requiiements. Representatives must be chosen from the schools as follows: one sophomore and one junior representative each from the Home Economics school, the Phaiinacy (and Physical Education) school, the science school, and the school of Agriculture; one junior from each of the schools of Mechanical, Electrical, Chemical, and Civil (Public Service and Trade and Industrial Education) Engineering. Four sophomores will be chosen from the schools at large. In order to run in the election, students must obtain their blank petitions from the Senate office and return them, signed by 50 of their classmates, to that office before 6 p. m, Monday afternoon. Ball,Bouglian Receive Junior Memberships At ASCE Banquet Richard 'f. Ball, of Lafayette, a senior and Rolla B. Boughan, of Rich Hill, Mo., an August graduate, were awarded honorary junior memberships in the American Society of Civil Engineers last Tuesday night. The awai’ds were selected on the basis of scholarship, personality, engineering ability, extra-curricular activity and public speaking. Boughan is now a civil engineer with Civil Service rating at Langley Field, Va. While in the University, he was a member of Tau Beta Pi and Chi Epsilon. Life memberships were awaided to Harry 0. Garman, Indianapolis consulting engineer, and Prof. A. P. Poorman, Head of the University depaitment of applied mechanics. E. B'. Black, national president of the ASCE, was the principal speaker at the banquet with Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the University school of Civil Engineei ing, presiding. Reptile Authority Will Speak Tuesday Dr. W. P. Allyn, authority on reptiles, will address the University Biology Society next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. on “Poisonous and NonPonsonous Snakes of Indiana”. Dr. Allyn received his bachelor’s and doctor’s degiees fiom the Univeisity and also taught here two
yeais.
The meeting, open to the general public, will be held in the principal lecture room of the Stanley Coulter Hall and the talk will be illustrated with the use of motion pictures and
slides.
Greve, Giant^s Star, Held To Four Points Menke Scores 13 Points; Ehlers, Lawson 10 Each For Victors
By Joe Dawson, Exponent Sports Editor
displaying a smooth-working, hard-driving offense in addi^ tion to an air-tight defense, Piggy Lambert’s supposedly green basketball team rambled over the Little Giants of Waba^ here last night in the opening game of the Boilermaker hardwotni season, 43-28. After a rather slow start which saw the Little Giants jump into a 10-3 lead, the Boilermakers had comply ^ control of the situation and
kept pouring it on until the
final gun.
Captain A1 Menke, the only regular returning from iMt
year’s team, led both teams to
scoring with a total of 13 pom&. Rudy Lawson and Ed Ehlers Were close behind with ten points each. Greve Held To Four Markers Probably the highlight of the eh-
Student War Council Announces Members For New Semester
Members of the Student War Council for the coming year were announced last night. Members of i.
, V f 4? tire game was the brilliant defense the council are executive officers of , ^ .
the leading campus organizations. Will Hiller replaces Ralph Deus-
set up for Ray Greve, high-ficorihg Wabash forward who riddled Indiana’s guards Monday night for ^
evening.
After
Wabash had tdkon ' the
ter as Union representative; W. G. pQjn.(;g_ Lambert nominated SoblipHoskins will represent the Exponent Ehlers for the iob m the in place of John Amos; Paul Miller, gouth Bend star ret^Ta^ Student Senate, replaces Joe Neff; holding the bewilder'ed
Dorothy Cornthwaite, AWS, re- ^ places Tune Croll; Joe Dawson, Into rfra tern ity Presidents’^ Council,
replaces William Rider; George Em- .
erson, Cary Club, replaces A1 Jackson; Norm Augsburger, PI A, replaces Joe Mogavero; Charles Antonaccia, will represent SCA together with Dick Sleeper, who remains
on the Council.
War Council activities consist of
directing student activities which di-
rectly pertain to the war emergency. [nFfwo quick basketi'apTc^i
A number of convocations were arranged during the past year, and various bond drives and other such
campaigns were carried on.
rather erratic ball for several: utes until Greve finally hit shot from the side. Lawson the scoring for the Riveters
free throw and then foilowed a
short push shot. Uage arid
then took over to gfive Waba$h vn biggest lead of the evenings by tadt*
ERC Information Those men who have submitted bona fide applications for the air corps reserve prior to December 5, 1942, should report to Room B-4 in the basement of the Armory at once and not later than noon Saturday, December 12, 1942, if they desire to complete their enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve Corps. These men should bring all their papers with' them. —ROBINSON
Faculty Members To Perform Sunday In Union Musical
Riveters Take Lead To Fillip A1 Menke, in an almost niqchaiiL cal manner, tossed two foUi shote through the basket to make 'tke score 10-5. Jack Kennedy dupliddted this feat to bring the count Ub to 10-7. Menke hit on a nice left hrind push shot and then passed to Larson for another basket to put the Riveters in the lead for the first
time.
M. Anderson, slight forward from Edwardsport, making his first appearance in a Boilermaker uniforn), connected on two one-hand^ts with Lawson and Kerchival each hitting' one to give the Riveters a half-tiBae
lead of 19-14.
Jump On Bandwagon Second Hklf Opening the second period, MbrikB rang the bell on a fine pivot shot. Ehlers then dribbled through the entire Wabash team to score, dJttending the Riveter lead to ^-14. Lawson and Kerchival connected before Kelly finally broke the ice fot the Little Giants. Ehlers, from directly under the basket, faked his man completely out of position to
The Union will present a musical
program in the music room at 4 p. score again. m. Sunday. Performers for the pro- Greve somehoW managed to get gram will be C. Lanezos, professor away from Ehlers long enough'to of mathematics in the school of tip jn a shot to end his sepring ©saeronautical engineering; Miss Ruth capade for the evening. Menkd and Jamieson; and Dr. K. Schlesinger, Ehlers then stole the show for tlto of the electrical engineering school, rest of the way by scoring five rihd
six points, respectively. Tbe giltrie ended with Ehiexs again going through the entire Wabash teoto to
score.
The Sumary Purdue(43)
. . . home economics honorary, announces the election of the following officers: president, Sally Beall;
Graduation Tickets All those people who requested extra tickets for graduation come to the Student Senate Office between 4 and 5 today to get them. This is the last day. —HARDIN
The pi’ogi’am will be open to the public and all members of the fac-‘ ulty and student body are invited to attend. Prof. Lanezos and Miss Jamieson are pianists and Dr.
Schlesinger is a violinist.
GE X-Ray Course To End Tonight Five day couise in operation X-Ray technique, sponsored by the General Electric Corporation of Chicago, will end this evening. The training, which consisted of two classes each day, began Monday as a service to the X-ray technicians of Indiana and others who were qualified. According to Dean Glenn L. Jenkins of the Schoo^ of Pharmacy, J. F. Roderick of General Electric was in charge of the classes held on the University campus.
Reamer Club
... independent men’s service honoraiy, announces the election of the following oflicei-s; Jim Bray, president; John Goode, vice president; John Swantz, secretary; Bob Boswinkle, treasurer; Jack Kelly, ser-
geant-at-arms.
FG Ft Pf tP
Andei'son, f ..
...2
0
0
4
MeVey, f
0
0
0
0
Kennedy, f
0
2
2
2
Kerchival, f
..1
2
1
4
Menke, c
. 6
3
X
13
Ehlers, g
...5
0
2
XO
Lawson, g
.. 4
2
1
;o
Totals
17
9
7
43
Wabash (28)
FG FT
PP TP
Gieve, f
.2
0
3
4
Fee, f
0
1
0
X
Blum, f
5
0
3
XO
Hesler, f .
1
0
0
2
Kelley, c
1
1
2
3
Dowd, c
0
0
0
0
Montgomery, g
, 1
0
3
2
Wright, g
0
0
1
0
Gage, g
3
0
0
0
Meyer, g
Q
0
0
0
Totals
13
2
X2
23
Free throws missed—AnderSqn, Kennedy, Menke, Ehlers (2), Laffson, Greve, Blum (2), Kelley, Score at half: purduo 19,
bash 14.
Referee, Nick Kearns, umpire^ T, R. Smith, ette. ‘ '2
Purdue Exponent
Friday, December 11, 1942
Purdue Ex|>o4ient £ntcir<»i nn second c)a<(8 matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of ConirreRs of March % 187<) attd at the special rate of doRtaerc provided for in section 1103 ajt of October 3 1917 author iced Januatv 20 1922 Published on Tucs da> Thursday Fndav and ^undav morninpK duiinir the je^r Oclncred localh by earner for $1 73 for a semester or ^3 00 for t’oo semesters b> mail for ^2 00 for a semester or $8 50 for l^o semesters Represented for national ad^ertismp b> National Adverlismc: Senice inc College Pujiliahcrs Representatives 420 Madison Ato* New Aprk N 1
Edit^T-itf Chief News Editor Managing Editor BusftieRS Mn
\3 ilbnm G HosKins Robert W Bosivinkle Dale F Rutz Gerhard H Klouman SalK Beall
STAbF FOR THIS ISSUE Ni^t Editor Smith Sports Editor AcKcrmn Da> Editor 33 ilbur Issue rd tor Vick 3Vorkers Hu 1 oi Speck P r i St enson HclfTnch ClilTDr I Ho c
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus Radiation I aboratorj MIT Cambiidgc M\s= — Decembei 18 Intelcsted in Pln'^ici^ts and FL Siun in PtisoniHl Office Dodge Chicago DiMSion (Chiis ler Corporation) Chicago Ilf—De cembei 11 Intciestc 1 in Doccnbci and Api il tn^inecis
Bausch Lonib Optical Co Ro chtestei \ew ’ll oil—Inteiested in Decembei ind \ni)l ME chcmistiy or physicicts S gn in Pciconnel Of fice by ednc'^d i pcccml ci 0 \niericar Can Co Mawood 111 —Intfeic ted in Chemists MetF Sign n Pc r incl Office ^ Situ day Dec i Sharpies ( hcaiicals Inc M \ a i lotte Michir^a 1 — Inteiested in Chemists Si;^n in Pei soanel Office by Wednesd'’a Decc ibei 16 Libbi Mc^cl'l A I ihbc Chici o 111 ■—Inteiested in Decembei oi Apiil ME ChE ’•n ii Peiscnncl Office In M edn^sc'a becembdi 16 Placement Notes For Women Infoimition m.’V be obtdi icd at the Placement SeiMce foi Women phone 2955 Executi/e Build g Miss Jlaio-aret Jol nson of the School of Social V o k M cstcin Re serve Univc sin Cevelail Ohio will be on the campus 1' nsdaj Decembei 10 At foui o clod in t6" lectuie loom of Stanlcv Co dto Hall she will speal conceinin tre field of soc al seivicc "iicl will pic sent a movie All inte ested stu dents and staff nembcis aie n V ited The Indiana St it^ Peisonncl Di vision 141 Souih Meiihai Sticel Indianapolis an oui cs o\an im tions foi the i osition oi social woil ei at salai j ol $120 to 8160 a month Applications must be cn file bj De cembei 12 Foi child 1 clf Is \ o ' c il \ $120 to 8160 \np ication-> loi this also must le oi Me 1\ Drcci i i 12
9n, JhsL ^PiWidtsidu cslci 1 oimd ition Suiida> Scriitcs 9 30 — SUuUiit Chill ch Sthrol Two clissts foi students will be held (1) Building a Woild Chi is tian Fellowship and (2) Letlei Wilting 111 the N T These will be t night bi Miss Cl u i J il i s and Pi o ^cssoi J T Gunn 10 40—Moining Moiship Seivicc it the chinch (ccii ei Chuincey and South stiects) D OS Steele will pieich on the theme 'The Book of Life Special Chi istmas music m11 be sung bt the chon 5 15—Wesley Vcspci piogi im A Fellowship Suppei will be seived foi 20c in the Gieat Fill at 5 15 Impoitint elections w 11 he held n the Pumpiis Room it 6 30 p m Ml Bufoid Tiibl le of WB ^A w ill lie the ‘^Loii ml intcipietation ol G F Hinlels oi itoiio The Mes 1 ih at 7 p m in tl c Gieat H ill llisislolc eeoinp i ledbjiccoid n t F/c v tl d nl n th" Lnivei sity 1 iiiMted to ittend the<^e sen ices t Unncisitv Pie bjtjriian Chin eh 320 Ncith St Weijl I afavette Jolin W I indlei'^ niinisfei W il’iam Moigc^ii chon diitcoi N inej I o organist 9 0— si 1C 1 c lool 10 J—Ci 11 eh Woiship Seivicc I uth in God ii These Tines of Sti w 11 1 c the subject ot Rci F 1 lie 1 tin on ( 00—Sun 1 Lvcnii g Club 1 indue Chnstian Foinditioii W eek End i’lo,nm F id It Dee 11 5 15 itLifiyettc Chii tnn Chinch—Annual Banquet n ho Ol 0 Sc 101 s All i clcomc Ticl ets die 35c Sitiudd D c 12 it th Mens G\m—Uppeicli s vs licshnicn in bdsl ctbdll bin d y Dee lo t the Laf lyctte Cnui ch " —Fo mil niliition of the
Wesley Foundation innounccs the noniin ilioiis oi then election of officcis Sund ly eve miig at 0 30 in the Rumpus loom Ihe candid itc"- aio Bob Wood sophomoic ME md Dick Neal jun 101 Metilluigy communily activi tics chailman Maiy Beth Dayhuff Ihoie will bo election foi nine mcm beis of the student boaid but they have not been announced as yet Maury Mahns and his oichestia will play fPi the Noithwestein Tiiad dance in the South Balhoom ol the Union Build mg fiom 8 30 to 11 30 tonight Only those in formal dicss will be admitted to this annual foimal piesentecl by Phi Kappa Phi Kappa r 111 and Kapp i Alpha Pi soci il fia
ieinities
PIA NOTES A new design h is bet n used ii the nml ing oi leys Jo PlA woileis The 1 eys will bo „ivti^o the i lem bci s who hi\ u woil ^ the i eqin i d n inibei ot horns duni the einicnt seme&tci and w ill l)c( piesentcd some time befoiL the end oi the emesici
\II iollowing the bie klist 9 30—Student CLss I'liss Estliei Fuquai who ha= done iclief woil n Spam w P spe il n the subje t Peal iig the Worn ds of die V/uild 10 40—Chinch Weiship Seivicc The God to Whom Men R-^spend is the title ol fhe einon by ne Pev Doyle Mullen Ainu 1 i ose se VICO in honoi of the sei lois Vt 131 South Gi^nt 5 00—15i Siippoi Ol all who lil e pic ity to e it nd goo 1 ellow hip it the me tl nc Mai le i\ itioii by- euly liteinoon ■j 15—S inday 1 veni Foi im I Ol tho c who 1 p cciiti i ^ood (1 cus ion md 11 c willing to thml ibou*' 1 clip ion md life v\ho like m no md enjoy wholesome leoiei tion who come into the nie=or cc ol Col r cai die light V speis
Money to Iban On dmmeyids watdhfes liirKOr typtwrjtcj*8 Alberts Av<an Office
407 Columbii
Typfewnterfr—An i i g v acn nes all rhakes oold ren^ted rrpaire/l ar^ purchased Mimeosrraph vvork tU no C Cbersh it 605 Mam, Lafayette Phone 2 79 For Rent—Dot lie room $ TO cich 402 Noithwestern A\ 31^ 4 33 anted—Roy to fro furnn t f i loom 402 Noi th\s cstcri Avc Ph no -51754 3Vanlcd—Slult'nt Irivci nl It ii Uft Df UJ J ( m n ni tnmi us p ut comjicnsi ti n 30 Vine St rh nt 5330 3Vanfcd—Stu I nt i Icit t I i <I I ii tl Expinonl Ci H E\ponont \ k f
Il cUtti V 11
MKiU
—TODAY - TOMOROW— HURRY—LAST TWO DAYS
El erything for a College Education DEAC’S Me TODAY THRU SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN'
f Al 0 BH!Ef4 • GEORCE MURPHY l I If OKIE COOPEP. CAUL ESVONO. "AX BAER — Added — DISNEY COLOR CARTOON
Tftt cfsns,
Alpha Xi Delta
so 1 1 OIJ tv flectioi rf ih fell 3 Pie= idei t Bett\ 5 oiin deiff M 1 aut 1 t
Modern r i tr pi a 1 lal III Iti t
t 1 S th C
33 ill p > cn II f 1 nv tics I 1 sun s t C 1 1 1 I f t—c Yi I 1 n 1 I i/t 1 i t, Ri
I V 1 It111 1
n 1 M i S id > I 1 3\ i 1 2
} 1 X ct 1 1( r I t 1 1 t S I i > r rl
Hoiices
\ I I CI 5li dent
1 r 1 n I t n 1 ck I fi X 1 H 1 Ol n liO Hi RD
rreshmnn rnBinccrs Second scmcstei frc'diman onuneors Will meet In the School or Cnrrici 1 im of theil clioico on Saturday flee 12 at 8 a nt as follows Chem and IVul 1 nffineers room 110 ChE Building OjviI j ntinct ti om Mb Civil lingincti III! B Him, LlLctrKjal InKinirr;s foom 201 LI Bull ling Mcehnmcal Engineers riliin 108 ME Building Public Seivi^e En glihofs and h nginoenm. Law Office ff Dian of Em ineiring —KNAPP Exponent Kevs All those who have beeh 111 the Exponent talf for the past two terms n i aic cntitlid to n key may get them from Jane Keini in tl c olficc KLOUMAN y 1 and V 7 Candidates Tho following si 11 it are =ehodi It I to meet the Navy R cru ting B aid 11 the Confcicnct Room of tb Lxoc ilive B ill lihg on 1 ridny arid Sal 11 lot Schedule a j eri 1 for appointment sch h 1 beet in 1 cr onncl Ollicc before n Ol rt 11 lav I RIDAY Aa nont AltgcU C \nci ( ayncs b J Tohi soi^ Ka>scr KtUiel Krause I oim rit Mtaghcr Met? s V tNlJUsbcin O Ntal Rosenha im Soi tell 4thu!tz Sluftc Small Rloltciibcrg Ste\ n Timm SATURDAY Ashley D L lari Bar Cl 1 nia Eunk Hall Urn Htwu, Jeiinii g Knapp Latzoko I (tkl rt McBte I i ti Si mu! iwiy/ Sen CI 1 Schmidt Simps n Sj ibh m Stall I wle U I elhnrt W pnti Wahl tVclty Whitl tl yy rid n Siun lav and Monday nlcrt len li t w ill I publ 1 cd in the Sunday
f 11 Exponent yy A KNAPP
'aSMI 11 tt f (1 t 1 ill V 1 Id W dnesd X I t< II It 1 p m in 1 m IDS !\ L B il 1! LI 0\ D 1 uWh t A"rit IlUris lb i will b" i II I th It St fi t I 1 m In V D c n b r 11 t 1 olT c 1 \ ly 0 b 1 1 ^ VRD Model I ai r nd ( ill AI t n SaUifdaj t I JO I 1 I I ( merit f the Union 1 1 1 t th t III! t olTi 1 H VSbl Chem tal 1 UMdeers AlCl b biisimss n t m, t 1 I I n 1 ^ D 11 in i om 1111 I th (h n nl Mtt Buildmi, Your t lant b 1 lUtste I —MURRILL Pi Ta I S gnin Lame Pi fall Sigma 1 11 It tntn t atlives initiated If tl mi torn it the lanqiet Eri I t D e 11 11 ni it J of the Union Eath c t be 1 tnt I btain a plaque
—KOERNER
Pan Hell Pit rush rtgistintion Eriday Dec 11 1 to B p m for all frtshman and uppertlns-ttfietfi going through January rush It IS necdsdary tb sign up even it gindcs etc are ijncertaln ■—ERIER Unioiy Keys Will tht f ill wii g pltase oh tiviii thou Union Keys Monday Dtt 14 at 1 p m tri Union office Cltarwnl i Pit ret Mlithis Mciikel Senaur Eormica May I iiljc Flatjagan KATTLKJOHN Purdue Players Important meet ng Tucs day Die If at 4 1 In Eowlcr Hall Thtrc will he election of olTiteis nntl clccti n of awards —^DUKE NeWman Club Thcit will ht a ChOst mas party an I dincing Dtt 12 nt 8 30 ii tht Union Atlmi sion will be a ttn oei t gift BROWNE jVWS 1 xccutivc Board ImiJolt nt nt 1 ng will It hell Ir lav Dectmbti 11 at 1 p m in tho AWS ITico ■—CROI L
WestmisisSer Fousidation SJ onsoicd by the Piesbytci lui Chuub will hold a Chiistmab paity Sitiidiy night at 8 o c'oel The ct too +hci open to all inteiested Liuknts will 1)0 held in the leciei tioi looms of the Found tion Build mo on I'’’oi1Ch stieet Dancing piii^iiong caiol singing and lefieshmcnts will be fccuiued on the piogiam
Al! set for winter ice? Get yoitr SHOE SKATES $4.25 to $5.75 at MOORE & KEMPIE HARDWARE CO.
IrilsSmkrs
USCD li] fi’^EOlCO PIPES, CIGAR, AND CIGARETTE HOLDERS New or!—11c scientific absoil 11 Itci 1 as con'ubuted mightily to the '•inoking plea i re of I il ors c 1 nun and women who hayo switchtd to too 1 It I 1 “-1011 ng A,ttu lu me 1 ( must tiavel tl r 1 06 1 i 1 s 1 ci( tc i( ath n., (ito 1 lout h lid said '■h s tic li i] p d and t he sm ei whiil coolcdasitwmds its \ y 1 uourh the 1 Itci
0mMer BeH^'Sharmeer Kttyons IN HER PERFECT FITTING LEG SIZE!
1
ixOC-'
Fioin the ikiJled Ji uicls ot Belle Shat nieei eoinc Riyon Stoekin^s islotei) is the Belle Sha) meet Nylons )Ou ^i\e hci list Christmas Lveiy bit is Jlattct ing too—because now is liw lys Belle Shatmecti. ue ’eg si/ed in both width md length to fit he: type of legs smoothly peifeetly tiom top to toe 1 x elusive witli ns —of eouise
$1.00 fo $1.50 pr.
Thieme & Wangerin
622 626 Alain Sueet
Episcopal Thcrt) will It i H ly Com miiujon f 1 btudents folk v/cd ly bicnkfabt in the p^iiish house Sunday I? cornier 13 at 9 m -THbRNTON Exponent Staff Meeting at 4 p ni i the Exponent oflicc for tho f( llowm^ pt pie Lynch Pethy Span let Abbott Hahn Sleph ciibon R char Ison Forsythe Be i i mpt
—RICHARDSON
Virsfutm C I^ercdith Club Members There IS a mcetinp: Monday December ^4 at 4 p m
c be pro 3VEND
Fxponent Staff Moctinp 11 1 1 1 n Fri day DfcCcml or H, in the 1 xpqn^t (ffipo ,u lihl ■TeblU? ffiuek ( litfnrr d'oWmT-r y^lhi! low Gaudy Important that you be there
—1 rSUiV
Pi Tau Sigma 1 jedge^r and actlVcs There will Ic ft f imal initiation 1 rufay Dtcom Id 11 il r ir -J m in th MI Building IheiL will he a dinner at 6 m in room 03 of tic Union —SCHICKI ER Gold Pcppferh Fnify for pledges and ac Ives will lo hell Saturday at 4 p m in the Receptions rooms in the Uriion
—WLBER
AH Students Tho regular mixed rccrca tion p oginm in the Women gym will ndt Ic held Fiiday December 11 due to th VAA dance —FORt) Virginia C Meredith Club 3Ve arc host 0 s s to the gi'idiintin seniois at ^ party Sit iday aftprnoon Decembei 12 frorfi ^ 30 until 4 30 p m m the Cnat Fadtilty. Lotinge —3Ve]^ELL lau Beta Pi Important meeting for elec tioi of oific rs Wednesday Dec 16 at 50 p m Room to be announced later Shingles plaques and keys will be distributed Re iieshments will bo served Full attondamie IS expo tod for this last meeting of tW semester -YOUNGBLOOD Lutheran Students Regular devotional dibciission meeting will be bold in room 307 f the Union Sunday Dee 13 at 7 30 p m —W^AELACE
iRRSKvi •SR,W«
‘Make \oiii Christmas Gift Selection Now” ^
m
% m w. m m
Wi I
Scented twins.. • lipstick and perfume stick, $3.00 Fragrant twins for her purse or dressing table Lipstick and Perfume Stick in Incite cases, boxed together for gift giving Medium, Dark, Light or Transparent Lipstick, scented with "Excitement Perfume Stick in three fragrances ' Excitement ’ "Stirring, and "Startling ’
Especially hers.. /J 4*ologne,^2.30 ^ Personalized cologne to create a mood' In three ^ fiagrances Startling, w Stirnng and Excitement ^ Larger, 8-ounce size $5 00 W
MAIN FLOOR
Palais Roual I I »
Ci9|l*<I»\PE S VlYi !ip
Baltimore Clothes Shop
414 A/fAIN,STREET
PHONE 2873f > j
ffMi^, ^c/&fnhW il, 1^42
jjHhg/^gjljlgj^
BoiletmnISer H^mrts
P&ge3
MUteiOa
three Fraternities Tie In Swim Meet _ . .
Wisconsin Meets
A thieeway tie foi fiist illaee among Phi Kappa Sigma Chi and Si^hia Nu fiateimtics was the out coiHe of the annual Greek swimming meOt in the Boilei maker Fieldhouse lasjl; night A summaiy of teams, times and oiganizations is as fol lot(^ M^aiey Relay 1st Fahnatock Mnrtlh Sekra. S4 rtia Hu 2n4 Nourae Hanldii Snydkr Kappa Siyma 3rd, Dick Stackfiouae Bob StacUiiouee Hci mam SAE 4111 Koch I indqulat Reevea Delia Tau Delta Tube 1 33 100 Yard Backstroke l6t Wamble Surma Chi 2nd Stivcia Phi Delta Theta 3id "Vokman Sikma Phi Epmlon 4tht Nourae Kappa Sitma Time 1 16,4 100 Yard Breast Stroke ik Sears Sigma Nu 2nd NordciUi t Beth Theta Pi 3id Barnnd Phi Sigma
Pifei lliti 3hcla Pi lime
Kappa 4tli
1 14 r
100 Yard Piee Sljle Ut KujaWa Phi Kap) i 2nd Dlfin Delta r 111 Delta h I kisaci In ingle 4th M (it B tn Theta I 1 Tin t 4 50 Yard I reo Style 1st Kujnwi Phi Ivapi i 2nd Rissoi Ti 1 gngit Ir 1 S Wumbl Sigma Gin 4tti Piitthaid SitmaChi Time 2j 1 220 Yard Relay 1st Nord^iuist Nks rifci M jrc H ti rhctil^i 2bii(J Marsl all Cohm in Pinrc on liittlnul SiKma Cl)i "i 1 I ylhc Jnekman At,ncw Schncultr Kappa Si na llh Sons Atkc Mai tin TahnstocU Sit,mv Nu Time
1 52
220 Yard Free Style 1st Kujawa PhiKipja 2n 1 Hi cl PI i SIprmn Kappa 3r 1 Roctoi AlO 1th Mai hall Sit^ma Chi Time ^ SI 2 Fancy Diving 1st Waic SAF 2i 1 Mini
Chi Alpha/ Jr 1 Adams Ii Noidquist Bcti Thct i I
nbli
Kina rill 1th
IM Schedules IJASKCTBAIL SCHEDULE r riday rveiiinfi: Dec 11 C it 1 Spinj-ic Whitl ck (0 Ward 2 vs Warl 28 riiuils 15~AJnha Sij,ni i Fhi v Kappa Delta
flho
8 10 Alpha Kap a Lan bda vs Delta Tau Delf i C in t 2 Tim R idasics 00 S izm i \lph i Mu vs PI i K n p i 7 I —Sp ma Nu vs Pi K ippa Phi 8 10—Na y vs Tai Lpsilon 3 hi
Completing ins seventh yeai as head lootb ill coach at University of Wisconsin Ilaiiy Stuhldiehei has tied the iccoid foi the longest teniuc ol office as chief giidiion mcntoi at Madison
For Indiana Meet Camp Grant surs
On January 23
CHRISTMAS CARDS Cooiful tlesigns, iichly pniiletl on l)e.iutiliil, tinlt d papers. These cards have sparkle, individuality—and cheery messages that you’ll say aic evactiy right loi expiessing your Chiistmas wish imn eiiK siimi Across fioin the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Dot’* Epple, ’40
Southworth’s
LENTHlERIC’s ^‘Folk Dance” Bouquet Trio will trip its merry way straight into your affections * Tweed, Miracle and Confetti bouquets, pi-rouette-provoking daytime scents in lavish four ounce flacons, are tucked into a quaint box decorated with gaily garbed peasant figures Priced at $3 30
Madison, Wis Dee 10—The Uni veisity of Wisconsin basketball team, victorious in its fiist inteicol legiate start of the season when it beat Maiquctte 46 to 30 last Satui day night, this week will find itself facing piactically an All Amencan team of basket shaipshooteis when it takes on the poweifiil Camp Grant cage five in the Wisconsin Field house at 8 p m heie tomoiiow
night
The Camp Grant game will be the fiist of three contests to be played with seivice teams of the armed forces by Coach Haiold E “Bud” Fostei’s Badgei cageis this season Wisconsin will meet the Gieat Lakes five in a home and home senes in Januaiy and Febiuaiy All Amencan Team The Camp Giant Waiiiors will in vade the Wisconsin home floor Sat nrday with a ^nuad that is small in numbeis but extremely high in qual ity The Wanioi squad of IJ men coached by Bob Hams, who learned his bisketball at Wisconsin undei Coach Foster liom 193b to 1937 boasts five foimer collegiate All American playeis—-and foui oi them will be in the staiting-'lineup against the Badgeis tomoiiow
night
The foiniei All Amencans on the Camp Giant squad who have also seen coiisideiable action in pio bis ketball include Don Blanken foi
Indool tiack will open heie when the Riveteis speed demons meet In diana on Januaiy 23 The boys have fitaited to work out, and aie begin ning to get in condition No othei meets have been scheduled as yet, the piesent tianspoitation problem IS tiying to be solved foi the tiaek men, aa it was foi the basketball playeis Coach Heimon Phillips was not ready to say much about the team as a whole He did say, howevei that the turnout and attendance has been good, and the lellows aie tiy mg haul Tne spiinteis of the team aie woiking on distance and staits, ihe huidleis aie woiking on foim, the 440 and 880 men aie incieasing then cndiiiancc and woiking on staits the high jumpeis aie piacticmg foim and applcaches, the bioad lumpeis aie working with the high jump boys on foim and appicaches and the shot putteis and the pole vaulteis aie still woiking out foi endurance Coach Phillips has devised a moth od whcie the fellows can woik out at any convenient time He has com piled a chait telling each hian what to do and when to do it This sys tern IS bomething new and seems to be working veiy well
Boilermakers Incoiinter DePaul In Doubleheader For a thrilling evening’s enteitainment, the Riveter basketball team will provide one quarter of the fun as they stack up against the Blue Demons of DePaul tomorrow night in Chicago in one of the two games of a double header The first contest will see the highly touted Notie Dame five against the Wildcats from Northwestern, while the Boilermakers and the Blue Demons will go at it about mei Puidue stai and high scorei in 9 15 p m in the second game. 1941, Geoige Hogan, foimei Loyola Against the DePaui Outfit U..,ve.s,ty plajer „ho also r,locl Riveters always And all pi o selection as a Chicago Biuin ^ playei, Mickey Rottnei also from trouble as shown by the score Loyola where he was captain and of the past few years Last high seoiei in 1941 Stanley Szu yeai was thg fiist time in the past
kala foimerly of DePaul Univer sitj , and Ray Adams also of De Pc ul who has played piofessional ball with both the Oshkosh All Stars aid the Chicago Biums Blanlen Stais FUr Grant Blanken and Hogan ait expected to be the staiting foiwaids foi Camp Giant tonoiiow night, with Rottnei and SzuKala at the guard positions and Josepn Fiivald^ky 6 toot 4 inch glint fiom BaylPi Uni leisity at the pnot post Coacli Hams also has some staunch leseives on whom he can chll foi action against the Badgeis Among them are Geoige Hesik foi mei Wfaiquette Star and Sheboygan Redskins playei, Hailey Giaf ot Lake Mills, Wis
Fascinatiiii for Imas
Try the new way to wear your hair It is important that you look your best for Xmas and New Year
Phone 7727 for Appoinfment Kienly Beauty Studio
Lodde's Still have a nice selection of Men’s and Women’s Rings Wrist Watches Dresser Sets Silverware Novelties Diamond Rings Tie Sets Lockets and Chains Lodde's Lafayette's Leading Jewelers ' 419 Main Street
thiee that the Boilermakers were able to win and then the score was by the close margin of 30 to 26 The two pievious seasons the Blue Deni ons had won by close scores Score Tied \.t Half In last \eai s battle the Boilei makeis managed to hold a four to SIX point lead the second halt to win the game aftei being tied with De Paul 16 to 16 at the hall Failure to cash in on eleven giat s shots by DePaul was the mam leason that the Riveters won Menke Last Year s Leader A1 Menke who will again play with Howaid Hoffman tomoriow night was the high point man of last yeai s game with ten coiinteis Hoffman who also saw quite a bit of action against the Blue Demons last yeai did much of the rebound ing and was able to thiow in one field goal while Rudy Lawson who also saw a little action was not able to scoie Leave Saturday The Riveteis will boaid the James 'Whitcomb Riley foi Chicago Satui day morning foi the game and will come back Sundav so that they can be in condition foi then game with Butlei Monday evening The game Satui day will be played in the Chicago Coliseum
Flying Club
announces the election of the following officers Robeit Scelze, Chicago 111 piesident Le Moyne Fainswoith Elkhart vice presi dent, Fiediick Foley Indianapolis, ,secietaiy. Albeit Roberts Dear bom Mich tieasuiei and William Foishee Cincinnati Ohio flight sei geant
GIFTS OF DISTINCTIOM
“ PTOIIEBCCK^SIPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND
Southwortlt^s tP
/ vii ^‘4?|]-fe'
Purdue Exponent
Frida^^ Becpm^
the Men on Your List Choose from Lafayette's Largest and ^ Complete Stock of Nationally Advertised Merchandise. We Have Everything in Men's Apparel.
SHIRTS
Shirts make a fine and lasting gift. It will not be hard for you to select from our beautiful selection—which includes sizes 131/2 to 18, sleeve lengths 32 to 35 please him with a shirt from Geisler’s. See our selection. PRICED $1.65 to $3.50
AN IDEAL GIFT
.'of' ^
PAJAMAS
v fio •'i'® .v-io .aO'
w\^ ^
at the Battle Front on the Home Front ttiter mmwn SmU0
MANY GIFTS FOR MEN IN THE, ARMED ^ FORCES
.se*"
45c up they LOOK Better they WEAR LONGER
.•.o^
At®'" 'O®
Here’s what he receives when you give him a Dohlts for Christmas! . . . A Gift Certificate for a fine Dobhs Hat and a cute Miniature Hat —both tucked away in this colorful metal Handicase. After Christinas lie has the jtlcasure of choosing the right hat for himself! —NEW!— HOBBS
VVe invite you to see our selection of pajamas, we know you'll agree they're the finest ass<^rtment of fine fabrics and patterns offered by aiiyone this season and very reasonably priced. He cannot have too many pajamas. Our selection also includes Enro, B.V.D. end Brookshire. PRICED $L65 to $10.00
Toppers are right. They are fops in pajamas for sleeping or lounging. Every man should have a pair of these. While they last $2.50 and $3.50.
For men who dress all-man ; . . liickok's trail-blazing style in llar-H has galloped into popularity. Harulsonie ile.sigris on .supple leather ... ilmns shown .$1.50 eaeh,Olher Jlar-lJ items i i i $1 to $10.
But here’s what you can have! If you’re clever, you’ll swipe the Handicase —-because it’s so useful as ... n Cigarette Case ,. ,a Jewelry Case .. . a Bonbon or JSul Dish
OTHER GIFT SUGESTIONS ® Fingertip Coats ® Sport Slacks Sport Shirts ® Sweaters » Slippers ® Robes
J- o<
i''®
^ ,/vO ” .it^
Attractive Gift Boxes
BUY BONDS AND STAMPS
STORE HOURS 8:30 A. M.-6:00 P. M. Saturdays till 9:00 P. M.
.v>
.f=l^
1; (