'“■'v , ' / / o-jf i pi,'!-'
V . si V,; ^ ;,>>;■ ;/: --w t'>., f •»,.
"... , •_
1
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette^ Indiana, Friday, October 8/ 1937
NUMBER 22
Pep Session Auto Parade Forms At 8
Student Body Will Gather At 8:45 In Village; Band To Lead Cheerers As Group Descends On Huge Bonfire Opening with a gigantic parade of gayly decorated cars and vociferous students, tonight’s homecoming pep session promises to be the biggest noise the town has heard for years.
One decorated car from each fra-
Cast Previews Varsity Show In Smooth Rehearsal
Band, Glee Club, Announcers, Singers Work Together for First Time; Roche Compliments Performers' Poise Pontiac Varsity Show directors, Jack Roche and Paul Dumont, at first rehearsal last night made gooo^'i^ir promise^ of turning out a professional broadcast. ^ Bands, glee club, announcers, and singers came together for the first time, as the complete show was presented before the NBC microphones.
175 Participate
Director Eoche, with script sheets and stopwatch in hand, cued music and dialogue, kept fingertip control over the 175 performers, heard his program brought to life and smoothly presented, split-second timed to fit tonight's half hour allotment. “It was very good for a first rehearsal; the audience didn’t seem to bother the cast a bit,” he com-
mented.
Band Minus Boots To Parade At Tech Game Although new officers’ boots have failed to arrive, the “All-Ameican” University military band, with otherwise complete uniforms, will present its first gridiron formations of the season between halves of the Carnegie Tech game at Eos‘s-Ade Stadium tomorow afternoon. Sporting a brilliant display of Big Ten colors made up of 10 new silk guidons, the band will feature a unique trumpet fanfare formation, with three separate groups
taking part.
Two new alto glockenspiels have been added to the band this year, making this section the largest of its kind in the country. Two batontwirlers, experts in intricate digital manipulation, will accompany the band Saturday. Wife Of Eric S. Boswell, Forestry Student, Dies Mrs. Estre Boswell, daughter of Dr. Charles E. Torbet, Evansville College dean, and wife of Eric S. Boswell, student in forestry, died of infantile paralysis Wednesday night in St. Mary’s hospital. Mrs. Boswell is survived by her four-year-old daughter, Virginia, her husband, and a sister.
UNIVERSITY DIRECTORY Galley proofs of the list of student names for the directory will be available for inspection in |:he Registrar’s office, at the Reference Desk in the Eibrary, and at the desk in the Purdue Union. The list containing the names from A through Starshak is now ready. The rest of ,the list will be made available within a few days. Every student is advised and requested to check his name, address, and telephone number on one of these lists and, in case of error, report correction IN WRITING to the Registrar’s office at once. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
When 78 NBC Blue Network stations announce 8 o’clock tonight, Hank Miller’s low vibrant voice will flow through loud speakers with “Tonight Purdqe University carries on with the Pontiac Varsity Show.” Swiftly building the theme of the show, band, glee club and concert choir then come in with “The Honor of Old Purdue.” Soon Paul Dumont, Pontiac master of ceremonies is introduced and he and Dave Thompson take up the announcing continuity of the show. Tribute to Amelia Anecdote, harmony, Purdue tradition and history, and tribute to Amelia Earhart are blended into the next 16 minutes of entertainment. Then the show flows into a lighter vein with samples of the Union Variety Hour, and an insinuous rendition of “Sophisticated Swing.” Finally after a haif-hour crowded with first-class varsity showmanship, Paul Dumont bids adieu to the Boilermakers and their campus with a good luck wish for the grid squad in their Carnegie Tech game tomorrow.
University Calendar
—TODAY— Alumni Banquet: Union ballroom at 6 p. m. Ross-Ade Foundation: Directors’ meeting at 5:45 p. m. in room 1 of the Union. Members’ meeting at, 7:30 p. m. in room 1 of the Union. Delta Tau Delta Delta Tau Delta announces the pledging of J. Miller, Massilion, 0.; R. Bailey, W. Lafayette; C. Verplank, Lafayette; and W. Eieth, of Goshen.
Phil Levant, personable young maestro from the Walnut Room of the Bismark Hotel, Chicago, who will lead the swing session in the ballroom this evening.
Two Chicago Bands Syncopate Dances In Week End Mixers Phil Levant and Boyd Raeburn, two of Chicago’s favorite dance orchestras, will play for the homecoming mixers in the ballroom .of the Memorial Union Building tonight and tomorrow evening. Tonight’s mixer will find Phil Levant presiding as master of ceremonies, with his well known orchestra playing for the pre-game merrymakers. Levant and his orchestra became one of the nation’s favorite dance combinations while playing in the Walnut Room of the Bismark Hotel in Chicago during the past
six months.
The maestro himself plays the violin and composes, one of his recent hit tunes being “After Glow.” The featured soloist is George Wald, a Los Angeles, Cal., lad possessed of a romantic tenor voice. Other entertainment specialties with the band include Dick Dickson, the singing drummer ; Bing Johnson saxophone player and bass soloist; Emil Potter, solo violinist; and Herb Arney, bass slapper. Saturday night Boyd Raeburn assumes the baton, Igading his orchestra from the South Shore Country Club of Chicago in some modern renditions of popular danceables.
Sororities Give Preference Dinners, Favors As Season's Pledge Rushing Terminates Preference dinners, the only formal affairs of co-ed rush, were held last night at the six sorority houses. Rushees, by attending these dinners, indicate preference to a particular organization, while, houses indicate interest by their invitations to the
dinners.
Alpha Chi Omega entertained 23 girls at their traditional Dream Cake Party. White decorations only were used. Gardenia corsages and Lucien LeLong cologne were given to the guests. Prances Eastburn was in charge of the arrangements. 22 At Chi O’s Twenty-two rushees attended the Chi Omega “Neath Cardinal and Straw” dinner. Cardinal red and beige straw were among the decoration colors.
I
Dog leash belts with Chi Omega tag§ 'attached were favors. Marian White was chairman of arrange ments. Wooden compacts with the Greek letters Alpha, Xi, and Delta were given the 22 guests at the traditional Rose Dinner at the Alpha Xi house last night. Pink roses and candles decorated the tables. After a song by June Canklin, the entire group sang. Matthews Speaks to Pi Phi’s “Bit O’ Heaven” at the Pi Beta Phi house was presided over by Georgiana Pittman, who introduced speakers Dean Mary Matthews, Lillian Peterson, and Janet Martin. All the actives wore white formal evening gowns, and white flowers were on the tables and about the house. Cameo lockets were given to the guests. White candles, autumn flowers adorned the Kappa Alpha Theta house at its formal dinner yesterday, which 20 rushees attended. Theta delight was served before the demi-tasse in the sun porch. Charm bracelets were the favors. Kappa Kappa Gamma entertained 21 rushees at its annual Rose dinner. Yellow roses were the main decorative touch. Leather compacts were given the guests. Rushees List Preferences After the dinners last night, the rushees wrote in order of preference the names of three sororities oii cards which were given to the PanHellenic lawyer. These cards were matched with lists sent the lawyer by. sororities. The pledges of the various organizations will be announced in today’s Exponent.
ternity, ai} 1 any others who are mechanically able to traverse the distance through town, will start the ball rolling. Led by an automobile equipped for public address, the parade of cars will start from the Pharmacy Building at 8 o’clock and blare their way with a siren police escort through the„ village to Lafayette. There, by dint of strenuous horn-button pushing, they will collect a part of the townspeople, and lead them back across the levee. Meanwhile, the student body will gather in the villagA at 8:45, and lead by the band and flares, the cheerers will make their way with appropriate din to the athletic field between the Brown street levee and State street, where a huge bon fire will be burning. The program from this point will consist of yells by Dan Hayne, mass singing, and short snappy talks by Prexy Elliott, Mai Elward, Marty Schreyer, Clem Woltman, and Mel
Taube.
Gate 2 Assigned As Student Entrance student tickets for the Carnegie Tech game must be presented at gate 2 or gate 6, C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales, announced last
night.
In order to make entrance to the stadium as convenient as possible, gate 2 will be devoted exclusively to the use of students. Both the general public and students will be admitted at gate 6. Honorary Society Initiates Nine Frosh Co-eds Oct. 24 Initiation for the nine new pledges to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshmen women’s honorary, will be held Sunday, October 24, at 8:30 a. m., it was announced at a meeting of the active members yesterday. Shirley Anderson is general chairman for the initiation and will be assisted by Martha Mooijiead, Elinor Ward, and Helen Steffee. The initiation will be followed at 9 a. m. by a breakfast for old members and pledges. Phi l^appa Phi Kappa fraternity announces the additional pledging of Felix Mackiewicz, Chicago, 111.
20,000 To Witness Homecoming Game Ross-Ade Stadium will be host to approximately 20,000 football fans this Saturday when the Boilermakers meet „ Carnegie Tech in their homecoming tilt, according to C. S. Doan, athletic ticket sales manager. Students will comprise 5,000 of this group and the rest will be alumni and spectators -with only 250 tickets available to the visiting fans from Carnegie. Every student is entitled to a reserved seat upon presentation of his passport at the ticket office befoke Saturday. However, both the passport and the reserved ticket must be presented at the student gates in order to obtain admission to the stadium. Delta Epsilon Club Pledges Twenty University Women Delta Epsilon Club, formerly the Phi Mu sorokity, announces the pledging of the following women: Marjorie Pierce, Niles, Mich.; Mary Schilling, Walton; Terry Totten, West Lafayette; Mary Daugherty, Richmond; Carman Rivadineira, Valparaiso; Sue Britt, Evansville; Pauline Stone, Monon; Louise Biggs, Greenberg; Rosemary Robinson, Lafayette; Virginia Bechler, Mishawaka. Scharlott Lochner, Auburn; Evelyn Smith, Waynetown; Mary Hess, Seymour; Edith Martin, Wingate; Mary Swaney, Lafayette; Mary Schnaible, Lafayette; Alma Schnaible, Lafayette; Mona Crumley, Rockville; Jane Weaver, Cincinnati, O.; Emily Wulfing, Denver,
Col.
LET’S STOP, STEALING FRUIT Fruit on the Purdue Farms is raised for experimental and not for commercial purposes. Students who whave been stealing this fruit from nearby University tracts have seriously , handicapped the work of the Horticultural department for the current^ear. I am appealing to the good judgment of Purdue students to cease these depredations. M. L. FISHER. Dean of Men.
Campus Sororities Pledge 125 Women As Rush Ends
One hundred twenty-five University women were pfed^ed by the campus’ six sororities last night as a climax to a five-day rush period. Chi Omega led her sister Greek letter organizations with a total of 24 pledges. Alpha Chi Omega pledged 23 women, Alpha Xi Delta 20, Kappa Alpha Theta 19, Kappa Kappa Gamma 21, and Pi Beta Phi 18. Following is a complete list of the new pledges and their home towns: Alpha Chi Omega Margaret E. Amsden, Waldron; Mary Anderson, Lafayette; Valerie Armstrong, Glen Ellyn, 111.; Mary Ann Ballard, Marion; Ruth Bryant, West Lafayette; Joyce Burnham, West Lafayette; Betty Cocking, Indianapolis; Jean Cummings, Wellsville, N. Y.; Alberta Densford, Indianapolis; Mary Jane Dietrich, La-
fayette ; Miriam V. Gustafson, Rockford, 111. Yvonne Holden, Chicago, 111.; Bonita House, Dayton; Marie Johnson, Indianapolis; Dorothy Kolar, Chicago, 111.; Mary Jane Kyle, Whiting; Marilyn McElwee, Indianapolis; Jane Ramsay, Park Ridge, 111.; Grace Reinhart, Kentland; Mary Louise Riley, West Lafayette; Virginia Royce, Rockville; Eleanor Smith, West Lafayette; Lois Voelkel, Evansville. , Alpha Xi Delta Roberta Alderman, Brownsburg; Edith Anderegg, Newark, 0.; Mary Anderegg, Newark, 0.; Dorothy Jean Bates, Indianapolis; Virginia Beck, Port Wayne; June E. Briscoe, Trenton, Mich.; Ellen Carter, South Bend; Maxine Chaille, Indianapolis; Dorothy, M. Ells, Oak Park, 111.; Zink Pleenor, Greencastle.
Evalynn C. Goodwin, Arlington, Va.; Helen May Hurych, Attica; Nancy Mahin, West Lafayette; Margaret Perkins, Stroh; Margaret Rickey, West Lafayette; Charlotte Sebast, Troy, N.'Y.; Shirley Shepard, Park Ridge, 111.; Carolyn E. Singer, Linton; Virginia Ann Steele, Oxford; Edith Young, Park Ridge, 111. Chi Omega Elva Baughn, Greenville, 0.; Leota E. Countryman, Port Wayne; Mary Lou Dunlap, Cuyahoga Fall^, 0,; Rosemary Fell, Indianapolis; Jane Pishleigh, Chicago, 111.; Helen Fleming, West Lafayette; Mary Holtpian, Lafayette; Joanne' Geer, Lowell; Marguerite L. Gustafson, Chicago, 111.; Betty Granger, Frankfort; Lois Hollingsworth, University City, Mo.; Esther Holtman, Lafayette.
Joy(.D, Johnson, Newark, N. J.; Amelia Kneer, Oaklandon; Myra McKee, Charleston, W. Va.; Victoria Ann Milea, Cleveland, O.; Lucy Ann Meurer, Indianapolis; Kay O’Leary, Chicago, 111.; Ruth Rose, Ft. Wayne; Ruth Swift, Houghton, Mich.; Mariana Wilson, West Lafayette; Virginia Wright, Lafayette; Mary Elizabeth Wynn, Sturgi, Ky; Paula Zwierlein, Lakewood, O. Kappa Alpha Theta Ruth Bennett, Dayton, O.; Merle Hagemeyer, Norwood, O.; Genevieve Hauser, Bluffton; Vera Hugle, Oak Park, 111.; Mary Margaret Klepper, Decatur; Ann Loring, Kalamazoo, Mich.; Mary McClelland, Lafayette; Joann McClean, Indianapolis; Marjorie Moore, Lafayette. Alice Newton, S'haker Heights, 0.; Ruth Osborne, Indianapolis; Jane Oui'hnd, New^tle; Jean Pray,
Oak Park, 111.; Mary Ritter, Newcastle; Margaret Saurer^, Bluffton; Sarah Saint, Newcastle; Marjorie Starrett, Marion; Marjorie Seibert, Norwood, O.; Peggy Terstegg^, Louisville, Ky. Kappa Kappa Gamma Mary Burtsfield, West LafayettejMary Jane Carr, Indianapolis; Georgia Carroll, Crown Point; Betty Jane Darr, St. Louis, Mo.; Patricia Huering, Davenport, la.; Manuette Hollingsworth, Subury, Pa.; Marilyn McKnight, Milwaukee, Wis.; Jean Jones, Chicago, 111.; Caryl Kepner, Lafayette; Helen McQueen, Lafayette. Jackie Nicholson, Chicago, 111.; Janet Pickering, West Lafayette; Barbara Rector, Muncie; Mary Anne Reimann, Shelbyvillq; Beverlie Rice, Vincennes; Jane Schueler, Kokomo; Caroline Shaw, Marie-
mont, O.; Josephine Thomas, Danville; Marilou Van Bergen, Evanston, 111.; Nan Ward, Noi'th Manchester; Ruth Wattleworth, Cleveland Heights, O. Pi Beta Phi Ellen Bassett, Andei-son; Jane Black, Mt. Vernon; Peggy Boyce, Iron Mountain, Mich.; Martha Alice Brown, Greenfield; Thelma Bugher, Kokomo; Barbara DePew, Milwaukee, Wis.; Dorothy B. Eberhardt, Fowler; Doris N. Gamble, Washington, D. C.; Janet Greger, Chicago, 111. Augusta Hite, Anderson, DorntT^y Holden, West Lafayette; Mary Jane Himt, Wautoma, Wis.; Martha Ann Limpus, Shelbyville; Roberta Muentzer, Vincennes; Betty Spears, Clinton; June.Suter, LaGrange, III.; Mary Jane West, Cincinnati, O,; Miriam White, Clinton.""■0:
J ■ S- ■
Friday, October 8, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
member ^ooriatrd SbUesiate WkWSOM WISOONSU
HBPRBSKNTED FOR NATI'ONAU ADVERTISING BY NationalAdvertisingSmipednc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. new York. N. Y. CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6087 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Layette, liidiana Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF .....
. R. P.
Manion BUSINESS MANAGER . . . . . . D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR -
.Bailey
October 8, 1937
ISSUE EDITOR Terrio
Labor And A Lull When John L. Lewis began the disastrous coal strikes of post war days,^ he did so in the face of intensive opposition froili the White House, but when Johif L. Lewis helped found; the Committee for Industrial Organization and commenced a systematic campaign to organize all workers, he did so with at least tacit support from Washington, and with the Wagner Labor Relations Act to back him up. It was due to this unprecedented support, which existed in spite of the fact th&t the W^agner Act was passed in a futile attempt to halt strikes, that Lewis has been so successful. That he has been successful to date can scarcely be denied, even though he went down to defeat at the hands of **Little Steel and even though the permanency of his form of unionization has been questioned. Americans generally are in favor of improved standards of living for the working man, ^ut Americans are also vitally interested in the general economic welfare of their country. In the last few weeks a downward trend in the stock market and general dullness in the heavy industries have lead many to wonder whether we are again on the threshold of a major depression, and to inquire into the causes of the situation, A great many people, manufacturers especially, have firmly announced the belief that the present economic unrest, be it temporary or more lasting in character, is due to the uneasy situation into which labor has plunged many branches of industry-. Many automobile manufacturers, for example, are
actually afraid to plan too extensively for the coming season, as evidenced by their lack of orders for steel and despite the fact that several of them have announced that they would build more cars this winter than in any previous period. The truth of this belief, especially in this case, seems to be confirmed by the large number of so-called “wildcat” or unauthorized strikes, as well as the demands of labor in coming conferences. It is, at the very least, certain that the brightness of the future of American business depends in a large part upon the willingness of labor to cooperate with managements in obtaining and preserving true industrial democracy, and this in turn rests largely upon the attitude talopn by Congress in its next session or two. Unless the-Wagner Labor Act is properly amended, and unless the Labor Relations Board is removed from all suspicion of being “pro-CIO” (a charge which has been repeatedly made with strong evidence to support it) it seems possible that our United States will lose much of that initiative which has made it number one amongst present clay nations. It is imperative that immediate steps must be taken without regard for party affiliations to keep America in the front rank, and to prevent catastrophic and wholly uncalled for class wars. In the opinions of most conservative men, this lull in business is only what might be termed a “growing pain” in our march toward prosperity, but it nevertheless is of such great significance as not to be capable of disregard without disastrous results. William T. Hunt, Exponent Editor, 1936-37.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Homecoming is in the air—the town,is being'cleaned up, the blazer is shining up its bar, and Alpha Chi Daniels is awaiting the triumi)hant return of Clark A. “Lover” George, '37, of Union Show fame—nothing’s too good for the ole grads. Notice—Special meeting of the Harvey Kline Club next Wednesday night at the Kappa Sig house. Shoemaker is requested to be there. BURNELL. PLASH^—Louise Bain’s idea of a perfect husband is Prof. Noss of the sociology department. Dave Pether— ....We, the Purdue Seniors warn you to take off those cords. We know you’ve been around here for five years, but you’re still a Sophomore according to the University. Hear Ye—Beta Dan Morse and Gilly Pi Kappa Phi Campbell, ’37, worked on a Geology exposition last summer with a crew of Indians. We learn that the Indians calle^ Morse “Kelly Yazi” (little jackass), and called Campbell “Kelly Choda” (breeding jackass). I guess the Indians knew these boys rather well. Free drinks are waiting in the grill for the person who wrote the complaint in B and B, on the service
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Furnished student rooms. Modern. 117 E. Oak street. Telephone 3739 afternoons or evenings.
LOST—Fountain pen, athletic book, bill fold. Please return. Reward. Moan. Phone 5754.
WANTED — Roommate. Private near campus. Phone 41061.
FOR RENT—To University staff member or acceptable party. Seven rooms furnished, from October 15. Only $35. 405 East Stadium. Phone 45094. Large grounds. Fine views.
LOST—One black leather notebook with identification card at Bowling Alleys. Please return if found. Phone 41804. . -
FOR RENT—Room for one, board for three. 3l7 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
LOST—Black Schaefer fountain pen. Mary Ruth Thornburg, 121 Russell.
ROOM AND BOARD—Vacancy for one student. 108 Waldron. Ph. 41852. Pershing Made President Of County Ag Agent Group Tippecanoe county agent, S. B. Pershing was elected president of the Indiana county agricultural agent’s association yesterday at the annual agricultural extension workers conference in progress here. James G. Covert, of Franklin, was elected president of the Indiana farmers’ institute association. Other officei’s elected in the state county agent association were: W. K. Delaplane, Wabash, vice president, and 0. B. Briggs, Mt. Vernon, secretary-treasurer. R. Reiff, Burnettsville, was elected vice-president of the institute workers, and Mrs. R. Morrow, Richmond, secre-tary-treasurer.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student “DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK , DR. ROBERT G. RISK DE. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Furniture — Student Equipment J’juAnjUtjuJui Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. . 822 MAIN — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 Florist — dhth Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building: Phone 7955—8050
ROLLS
*Tho8e delicious, crisp rolls that everybody loves at meal time! They’re here in a variety that is sure to please you—fresh from the oven, tasty, made the way good rolls always are made—^with the finest of ingredients. They’re so temptingly good that people come a long way just to get them. Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852 .
124 State, W. L.
SHOES DYED Any Color
Deac has a fuimine o/ YELLO-BOLE PIPES H. G. (Deac) Reisner
CLASS FOR BEGINNERS IN BALLROOM DANCING TONIGHT 7:00 P. M. CLASS FOR HIGH SCHOOL GIRLS AND BOYS SATURDAY, OCTOBER 9, 6:30 P. M.
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
“Kill the umpire! Kill the umpire 1”
of the grill. This person can expect anything in said drinks from arsenic to ground glass:—the waitresses are reallihg for the author. New Pi Phi Theme Song— If a goon in the hand is worth a
NEW
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
FEARED BY CRDWDOSi He matches his Brain with the Keenest!
beauty in the bush, we’ll pledge her. Well, we’ll see you at the Varsity Show.
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY
—ALSO— WARNER BAXTER and GAIL PATRICK in ‘THE WHITE HUNTER” plus “Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY AND MONDAY JEANETTE MacDONALD and NELSON EDDY in “MAYTIME”
J!ei3 jjot a Laugk witk . . .
SIGHITNEVER BEFORE SEInT
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2,082,106 -BOLE
New way of burning tobacco’ better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absolutely dry., Caked with honey. At dealers’ now.
UPPRAFT
START MIDNITE PREVUESAT. 11:30
TODAY " AND SATURDAY!
lAySiy. T oday-Saturday
Double Feature Johnny Mack Brown —in— , “BAR Z BAD MAN” —and— John Wayne —in— “I COVER THE WAR”i
P'i
Fridqy, October 8,1937
THE PURDUE EXPQNEW
Elward Looks For Ends To Replace Powell, Zachary; Britt, Vergane Probable Starters
Continuing his search for ends to replace the injured regulars Don Potvell and Jim Zachary, Coach Mai Elwkrd lapered off his preparation for Saturday’s tilt with Carnegie Tech with a light scrimmage session yesterday afternoon. . Although Britt and Vergane are slated to start in the end positions Saturday, all the reserve endmen will no doubt see action. This will be done in an effort to see which combination works in best with Cec Isbell’s passing, which will probably be the spearhead of the Boilermaker attache. Several of the ends show good
possibilities, and Mai Elward should be able to pick a combination that will click. Britt and Thursby, both sophomores, are being groomed for left end, and Vergane, Krause, and Spehn are being looked over as possible right end material. Brock Will Start The rest of the starting lineup will probably be the same as last Saturday’s, with the exception of Lou Brock, who apparently has earned a berth at halfback by his fine showing against the Buckeyes.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT advertiser^
Of the Newest, Modern Bowling Alleys. Atmosphere and environment in keeping with the nation's foremost indoor recreation. Free Instructions.
JhsL fiwvdwL WmufuaL IAjvdvl
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Cross Country Team
Will Meet Wabash
ThinlieVTomorrow
The Wabash cross-country squad will provide the opposition tomorrow morning at 10:30 in the Stadium as the Boilermaker trackmen run their second meet of the season.
In the Pittsburgh meet last Saturday, the Gold and Black squad did well in spite of their meager practice sessions. Although the Panthers won, 34-21, the Purdue team took first, fifth, seventh, eighth, and ninth places.
Phillips Prophesies Victory
Coach Harmon Phillips, on jaeing questioned as to the probable outcome of tomorrow’s contest, said, “I think we should be able to take the meet without much trouble.” He is entering Bodeau, star of the Pittsburgh meet, Knapp, Marozik,
Long,*. Bell, and Gaulke, all veter-
SOFTBALL
TODAY—4:15
Diamond 1— ^Theta Xi vs. Triangle. 2— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Chi. 8—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha.' 4—AcScia vs.'Tau Epsilon Phi. 6—Phi Kappa Tau vs. D^lta T^u Delta. 6— Cary Hall 6 vs. Ward i2. 7— Phi Pi Phi vs.- Phi Sigma Kappa. 8— Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 9— Theta Chi vs. Faculty. 10— Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Chi Rho. , 11— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda 12— Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 13— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Delta Upsilon. 14— ^Sigma Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 16—Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 16—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Chi. 18—Phi Kappa vs. Phi Gamma Delta,
PURDUE YHIS
In light of the fact that Boilermakers have demonstrated a limited knowledge of basic Purdue yells, Dick Wellbrock, senior yell leader, requests all students to familiarize themselves with the following.
Purdue Series
Purdue, Purdue, Rah, Rah Purdue, Purdue, Rah, Rah Hoorah, Hoorah Bully for old Purdue. Qmpty dumpty hoopty doo What’s the matter with old Purdue ? Rickity, rickity, rickity right Old Purdue is out of sight. Say! What! That’s What! What’s What? ' That’s what they all say. What do they all say ? PURDUE, YEA!
Purdue Yell Purdue—Purdue—Rah—Rah Purdue—Purdue—Rah—Rah Who—Rah—Who—Rah Bully for old Purdue.
Yea Purdue, And Spell It Out Yea Purdue—Yea Purdue P-U-R-D-U-E—Purdue.
Yea Purdue Fight Y ea—Y ea—Y ea—Purdue Fight (12 times) Yea! Purdue! Fight!
teoilermaker Boil-er-maker—Rah-Rah-Rah-Rah Boil-er-maker—Rah-Rah-Rah-Rah Boil-er-maker—Rah-Rah-Rah-Rah SssssssssBoom! Ahhhhhh Yea, Purdue!
JiAmoL 3<mJtwmA. FOR COEDS
AT $5.00
GOLD SILVER SATIN PAISLEY
l^miDIEAJU
LOEB'S Shoe Salon
/
Second
Floor
Fraternity Toucliball To
Start Pradite Monday
Plans are now underway for the inter-fraternity touchball contest which is scheduled to begin with a practice round Monday. Eight regulation fields have been laid out on Intramural Field and footballs can be checked out for practice. “Chief” Clevett is urging all fraternities to get organized and to turn entry blanks in as soon as possible. Paid officials will handle all games, and will have a good ball for every game. The rewards will be 50 points towards the participation trophy. The winning team will receive medals as well as a beautiful cup.
Thefa Sigma Phi Initiates Theta Sigma Phi, social fraternity, announces the formal initiation of Godfrey S. Bradac and Rudolf B. Janto, both of Whiting; Ernest A. Hartman, Kokomo; and John B. Lux, Logansport.
New York Sun Reviews
BookByProf.R.A.Cordeii
“W. Somerset Maugham,” a book by Ph-of, R. A, Cordell, of the University English department, published recently by Thomas Nelson and Company, was reviewed Sunday in the New York Sun.
The material for the book, a critical study of the works of the modern English author, was gathered to a large extent by Professor Cordell during his sabatical leave of absence in the spring of 1936.
The book is divided into five parts; “Biographical, the Novelist, the Dramatist, Writer of Short Stories, and the Critic and Traveler.” In Cordell’s biographical section he sums up his subject, “This is Somerset Maugham, the fashioner of stories who has for the 1,000th time, discovered pulsing drama close at hand.”
l^oibcdL MOADfL - -
MA.
^lAJnjaJi Mjoaml
Formal clothes take to hew sculptured lines. Many are simple but magnificent sheathes that reveal your figure from "stem to stern." Satin is popular and flattering as ever and velvet, particularly black, is its usual regal and well loved self. With the advent of the new season you can wear lots of jewelry and all the formal regalia that every woman adores.
Fall Accessories
Flannel Pajamas Durable, medium weight, two-
piece pajamas.
$1.89
Moleskin Trousers $3.98 With Slide Rule Pocket. jCord Coats - $6.48 Yellow. Trench Coats $2.98 Regulation. Sweaters $2.98 Various Colors and Patterns. Corduroy Trousers $2.98 Slide Rule Pocket. Leather House Slippers $1.98
Shirts
Checks, stripes, soRd colors, and whites, in the latest patterns. 98c
224 Main St.
Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main St,Pkp, ■ ■ m/ ■ :■ iiai'-‘ !g|;y;-V' ' 1 {j pji-" " I-
&' '■ !# skj&iilrr.'U. '
THE PtntDUE EXPOISIENT
Friday# October 8# 1937
‘h '«A'.i,l *;
Dairy Cattle Judging Team To Try For National Honors The University dairy cattle judging team left yesterday for Columbus, 0., where it will compete in the national dairy cattle judging contest tomorrow. The team, coached by Prof. J. H. Hilton, recently won eighth place in the collegiate dairy cattle judging contest held at the international dairy congress at Waterloo, la. Practice judging will be done en route to Columbus at selected dairy farms. Members of the team, all dairy production seniors in the school of agriculture, include: Martin Underwood, Summittville; A. A. jSiebenthal, Wolcott; H. V. Cobbs, Roanoke; and Stanley F. Overbeck, Holland.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
Exponent Freshmen: The following men will meet in the Exponent office (room E) in the Union at 4 p. m., October 8, for instruction and assignments. Baker, Barker, Beer, Blocker, Connolley, DeBayle, Fournier, Gaddis, Grass, Greenwood, Gregory, Heiple. Henderer, Johnson, Losson, Lowe, Lower, McKee, Maudlin, Meiers, Meyer, Middleton, Morgan, Musser, Robson. Ross, Steenrod, Strickland, Van Hook, Thompson, Walton, Wetsel, Wheeler, Williams Wunderlich, Yates. —BROCK.
Sec bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents. —JENKINS. A. S. M. E.: All interested in joining the A. S. M. E., sign up in G. A. Young’s office by October 11. —CLUTTER. Christian Students: Meet at the church at 1 :S0 October 10 to go to Kemmer’s cottage. There will be a 15 cent charge. —CRISS. Forestry Club: Turn in membership books before October 9. —YOUNG. Student Senate: Varsity show tickets for the 5 and 8 o’clock performances will be found in the Senate office from 4 to 6 o'clock, October 8, for all senators. —FISCHBURN. Union Committees: Will q.ur committees meet in the workshop at 4 o’clock, Octdber 8. ■ —MASON, HARPER, GARLAND, MILLHOLLAND, JACOBSON. W. A. A. Riflery: Practice October 11. Ward 4 at 6 :15 p. m. ; Ward 1 at 7 :00 p. m.; and W. R. H. North at 7:45 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Mens’ Archery: Practice starting October 8 every afternoon at 4 p. m. at south ■’nd of Intramural Field. Equipment supulied. —KINZER. Senior Cadet Officers: Those participating in the flag raising ceremonies October 9, wear white shirts. —WICKERSHAM.
Christian Science Organization: Regular meeting of the Christian Science Organization will be held in room C of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m., October 12. —WINTER.
Ushers and Police: The following men, addition to those who ushered at the Butler game, report to the stadium. Gate 2, at 2:15 October 9: H. Ahrends, W. E. Battling, G, E. Baumle, J. D. Beals, H. N. Behrends, W. S. Bendell, P. O. Black, D. M. Boatright, R. O. Borton, H. Brenman, A. D, Brown. E. D. Carr, R. B. Clark, C. J. Crum, J. A. DeLaCroix, E. W, DeWitt, J. H. Din-
ius, S. J, Dix, R. S, Ferguson, P. T. Frangos, P. S. Fullion. G. N. Gardner, A. V. Gaulke, J, E, Glardon, J. Greiner, Paul Hannah, L, C, Hess, R. J. Hines, V. E, Holmes, G. L. Hutton, J. Jackson, E. C. Kelly, L. T. Kurtz, W. D, Lahey, C. A. Lavengood. H. S. Laycock, L, E. Lucas, U- L. McConnell, J. N, Maudlin, C. B. Miles, M, L, Miller, J, O. Mills, R. Ray. iH. Sohildmeier, J, L. Simons, R. .1. Spencer, Donald Stangle, C.. H. Watkins, P. H. Weisman, C, E. Whistler, J. E. Wunderlay. , —SANDERS. Union Girls’ Committees: Eastburn—Joyce Johnson, Muriel Smith, Carolyn Lemon, Ruth Randall, Jane Robinson, Mary Ellen Foresman, Louise Daniel, Catherine Cooley, Mary Jean Sefton, Marian Alther, Phyllis Umfreys. Wood—Mary McClelland, Dorothy Hardin, Ruth Hall, Georgiana Baker, Joanne Edson, Mary Jane Laramore, Mary Frances Oliver, Marjorie Schurman, Margaret Mitchell, Joan Lafferty. Willie Gross. Turner—Thais Crepps, ' Amelia Kneer, Margaret Stocker, Margaret MacBride, Isabelle Forsberg, Josephine Thomasr Virginia Wilking, Louise Schickler, Janet Roper, Carmen Riyadeneira. Crossman—Leonia Beebee, Iva Robertson, Margaret Saurer, Mary Lou Hickmab, Lucy Demoret, Georgia Walker, Helen Landgrebe, Ruth Zimmerman, Betty Granger, Gula Keesling. Taylor—Catherine Cooley, Margaret Stocker, Jane Robinson, Mary Jean Sefton. Matthews—Amelia Kneer, Mary McClelland, Margaret . Mitchell, Betty Granger, Willie Gross. Samuelson—Mary Lou Hickman, Margaret Sauer, Iva Robertson, Leonia Beebee. Jacobson—Georgia Walker, Lucy Demoret, Ruth Hall, Dorothy Hardin, Phyllis Mae Umfreys. jBarper—Jean Lafferty, Muriel Smith, Carolyn Lemon, Ruth Randall, Gula Keesling. Cabbnargi—Georgiana Baker, Helen Landgrebe, Marjorie Schurman, Janet Roper, Carmen Rivadeneira. Millholland—Virginia Wilking, Josephine Thomas, Isabelle Forsberg, Margaret MacBride, Joyce Johnson. Mason—Mary Ellen Foresman, Louise Daniel, Joanne Edson, Thais Crepps, Garland—Ruth Zimmerman, Mary Frances Oliver, Mary Jane Laramore, Louise Schickler, Marian Alther.
Patronize The EXPONENT Advertisers
P. I. A.: All interested in enrolling in dance class call at PIA office from 4 to 6:30 p. m. any day until October 9. —CLYMER.
Debate Managers! Sophomore men who made application for managerial positions report to room F of the Memorial Union Building at 5 p. m., October 8. This also applies to the juniors. —PERRY.
W. A. A. Tennis: The following games must be played by October 9: Rumann vs. Swift: Sexton vs. Merritt; Heeter vs. Demoret ; Swick vs. Thelmas v Walker vs. Stocker; Owen vs. Mather; Kesler vs. Rendall ; Schilling Vs. Morris; Anderigg vs. Beck; Jackson vs. Petticrew ; Spry vs. Baxter; and Meyer vs. Davidson.
To and From South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport (a) via Traction Lines from Peru. 4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus
GHTS 0^tAe da^
LONDON-KENTON SHIRTS To be well-tumed-out this season is to be smartly shirted in the new London-Kenton Shirts . .. now available in richly self-striped British Empire Tones. With each shirt . . . a separate white starchless Van Heusen Collar in the newest British style . . . and a white starched con-ventionally-pointed collar. An outstanding example of British - inspired shirtwear! $2 each, including 2 collars.
DEWENTER^S
416 Main Street
Not Only Improves Your Personal Appearance But Is Good for Your Clothes Crown Cleaning thoroughly cleans the fabric, thereby lengthening the life of your clothes.
H E C L E AN E R $ O F F I N E CLOTHE S WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE~TOP OF THE HILL
> I
^monies
trial G
THE AUDIENCE WILL BE PART OF THE SHOW-SO GET YOUR FREE TICKET NOW FROM T. R. JOHNSTON BE EARLY-DOORS CLOSE 15 MINUTES BEFORE THE BROADCAST
JhiSi. ShofL mw ^tetuart iHcCrap
Including two pairs of trousers
and
$
35
In presenting ^teluart jHcCrap Ready-To-Put-On suits we have borne in mind only such garments that meet with the approval of the University Man. Years of contact in this particular field has taught us his every preference. So, in the circumstances, as is our custom, we avoid the very common use of stereotyped phrases and superfluous adjectives in referring to styles or fabrics. That the styles are right, the fabrics good and the prices modest is a statement upon which you can depeitd. The addition of ready-to-put-on suits, with two trousers, enables us to serve a larger number of the student body but in no way effects our efforts in serving those who prefer MADE-TO-MEASURE CLOTHES . $32.50To $42.50 - - - ALL HAND TAILORED-BENCH MADE CLOTHES . $45-00 and more ARROW SHIRTS ARROW CRAVATS BOTANY TIES STETSON HATS BRADLEY SWEATERS FORMAL CLOTHES SWANK JEWELRY
m N. Sixth St.
HERSEY’S ”Smart Apparel for Men”
Opposite the Mars