i
•ill
t>l ; V "' 1 ) , )!<.!; <■' ‘
■&.*'% V*-' 0:*'‘,5r'**'<'”'tr m*""**! i t~ ip'^'^M'f, I^/ »«>■ »*(» / fV^ j'a !■ V/. ipip ^ ' r'’^« '^1' * *'ri ' ' f' ) ’ / f -f’ j
) I <■
' >1
•'- S„
4 " pl< <'
i f'
^ponent m jQw/y Siitctt i^O£
Volume 52, No. 46
West Lafayette, bdiana
Friday, November 1, 19Ut
r /
*1
% \' f
Union To Present Show From Music Hall Stage
“Everything But Onions,” Union all-campus show, is making rapid progress after three weeks of diligent rehearsing, with all of the cast and production staff working hard to smooth out kinds in the production. The show will be presented on Thanksgiving, November 21, at 8 o’clock, in "the Hall of Music. This year’s recurrence of the annual Thanksgiving show will be the first student-sponsored program to be presented in the Hall of Music during the current school year. In return for the privilege of using the Hall for the show the cast plans to do its utmost to provide the best in entertainment. Opening scene of “Everything But Onions”^ depicts a fraternity house in the throes of a cabaret dance. The opening individual acts will take place in this setting. Music will be provided by Paul Reedy’s campus band. Outstanding characteristics of this producmon is that everything in it is the result of student work. The play as well as the music and lyrics of all songs were written by University students. The show is being produced under the direction of Willis Wells who cooperated with Bob Hayt in writing the script. Dances are being directed by Bob Bauman; Bill Smith is acting as stage manager. The show has received many favorable comments from critics and is entered in national competition against similar productions from colleges throughout the country. “Everything But Onions” which is the out growth of the old “Black And Tan” show, originally organized to entertain students who were unable to leave the campus during Thanksgiving vacation, plans to provide as good a Thanksgiving as is possible for campus-bound students. r.l.h.
Yellow Dog
Here lies oflBicial notice to every student on the campus to be up bright and early the morning of November 4. Yes, it’s election day, but most important it is the day the second issue of YELLOW DOG, the spice of the campus, is to be available. This issue is unique. It is eight pages of ^he most original stuff that could be found. The theme of the sheet is election, of course—delightful satire on ’most every phase in the present and future national setup. Naturally E. C. Elliott must be our third-termer, and who would be a more appropriate rival than F. C. Hockema? Prominently featured is a gushing column, “My Day”—say it with a sigh—^by Eleanor. Then comes the gem of the whole edition. It is a large and voluptuous “Varga Girl,” complete in Cve^y luscious d'etail. It will appeal to every student, be he red or blue blooded. Everyone knows that the last issue which came out at 8 a. m. was devoured completely by 8:20. Beat the newsboy—^be there at 7 ;30.
Frosh Co-ed Trio Enters 4-H Contest Three University freshmen, Margaret Young of Marion Couhty, Donna Mae Johnson of Sullivan County, and Mary Lou Boyd of Boone County are to have entries in the National 4-H Club Congress to be held at Chicago, December 1 to 6. These entries and others from Indiana will compete with exhibits from all over the nation, representing the best work in each of the country’s states and territories. They were chosen from the best •work of several thousand 4-H clubers exhibiting at the Indiana State Fair.
300 Parent - Teachers Organizations Leaders End Two Day Meeting Approximately 300 representative leaders in parent-teachers organizations from all over the state closed a two day conference yesterday. Final sessions, sponsored by the Indiana Congress of Parents and Teachers and the University School of Home Economics, were addressed by a number of recognized aUtho;rities on various phases of educational problems. During the sessions, F. L. McReynolds, supervisor of recreational work at the University, demonstrated various types of games suitable for different age ranges. Dean Dorothy G. Stratton, through reference to letters received from parents, pointed out what is expected of University training. Visits to a child development class, regular classes in art appreciation, nutrition, and survey were other highlights of the session. Other speakers and discussion leaders were: Mrs. C. C. Heflin, vice-president; A. P. Stewart, University choral director; Dr. Mary K. Ade, Lafayette physician; Dr. F. B. Knight, directdr of the University division of education and applied psychology, and Mrs. Harry Bain, of Martinsville, j.r.g. Eledion Mixer To Feature Noble And'Gold Coasters' Carl Noble and his Gold Coasters orchestra, an organization used to playing “music styled the Noble way” in the cotmtry’s finer hotels, will be providing dance rhythms for Saturday evening’s Election mixer in the south ballroom of the Union.
Elward, Taube Talk Before 250 Students At Pigskin Pep Rally “You’re mad and the team’s mad. It’s the kind of spirit I like to see,” declared Mai Elward, speaking to approximately 260 students at the pep session last night. Other speakers were Mai Taube, Dave Rankin, and Tex Smerke. Taube assured the students that the team would come back with a win, while both Rankin and Smerke declared “I wouldn’t want to be in Iowa’s shoes.” Starting from the corner of State and Grant streets, the students paraded behind the locomotive mascot and the military band to the Big Pour station where the team entrained for Chicago. The pep session was directed by head yell leader, Johnny Zuck and was sponsored by Gimlet, Reamer, and Skull and Crescent. Billiard Champ Gives Exhibition in Ballroom Charles L. Peterson, fancy shot billiard champion here on the campus under the auspices of the Association of College Unions and the National Billiards Association, played exhibition billiard matches with University students Don Forbes and Jack Smalley yesterday at 4:00 p. m. and again at 8:00 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Following the matches Peterson gave an exhibition of some examples from his large repetoire of trick shots. Today Mr. Peterson will present another exhibition at 4 p. m. in the billiard room of the Union. He will be opposed in two matches by K. S. Smith and William Allen. Mr. Peterson, who visits colleges throughout the country to arouse interest in billiards, made the statement that interest in the game here at the University thfs year was greater than at any previous time, and that it was very high in comparison with other schools which he has visited, r.l.h.
Earl Carrol Leading Beauty Judge, To Pick Debris Queeps
Aspirants Will Parade In Music Hall On Night Of November 76
Dr. Egloff Describes Present Petroleum Industry Situation Guest of honor at a banquet in the Union last night and guest of honor to everyone in the audience in the Music Hall last night was Dr. Gustav Egloff, “chemist of distinction” and research director of the Universal Oil company, who spoke to an assembly of students, faculty and townspeople on the subject of “Petroleum and National Defense” in the first of a series of defense
convocations.
President Elliott introduced Dr. Egloff and in so doing brought out the point that these convocations were being presented for the purpose of providing students with the ways and means of understanding the problems of national defense. Dr. Egloff stressed from the beginning the point that where oil is there also lies national supremacy and that the United States would never have any worry in the way of supremacy in that field because of their tremendous petroleum resources. He said that of the 2,000,000,000 barrels of oil produced in the world annually, the United States produced 61%. If it was necessary, this country could produce enough oil to supply the
world’s heeds.
The petroleum industry, according to Dr. Egloff is ready at any time ,to produce oil products of any quality and quantity; there need be no “gasoline-less Sundays” during the World War. He said, “We are producing ten times as much aviation gasoline as is required for the motors that we have.” In the way of synthetic materials (Continued on page 2)
Shoeless Joes Will Stomp At Frolic
Dudes Banned From Hilarious Hick Rites
Annabelle Alexander
Bob Barnes
Hargrave Will Speak To Model R. R. Club “History of the Monon Railroad” will be the subject of the address of Professor F, P. Hargrave, of the Mathematics Department, before the meeting of the Model Tlailroad Club tonight ^ 8 p. m. in room 304 of the UnioiK Donald A. Darr, president of the club, is in charge of the meeting, which is to be informal and open to all who wish to attend. Professor Hargrave is the author of the book “A Pioneer Indiana Railroad,” copyright 1932, which is the story of the Monon railroad. m.k.b.
Backdrop for the Barnyard Frolic tonight in the south ballroom of the Union sets the pace fo:^ the annual Newman club dance. A cow, somewhat like Elsie of cinema fame, is making eyes at a shabbily dressed farmhand. “Absolutely no gentleman farmers alloyred” announced Hepburn, Union vice-president in charge of the decorations. Rags are in order, and the more shabby the clothes and novel the idea, the more chance of winning the prize offered. Last year the prize was a pig, and the Newmans promise one just as good this year. Bob Barnes, assisted by singer Annabelle, leader of the former Doc Thrasher^ orchestra, will play for the “hicks.” Barnes played at the Commons of Indiana University and played for a while in Chicago this summer. A square dance will be demonstrated by the Phi Kappas during intermission, and others may join in the fun. Bare Feet Any method of transportation may be used. Several groups have already planned to use wagons and buggies, in keeping with the general theme. One couple has made arrangements to check their shoes and take their dancing barefooted or stocking-footed. Pumpkins, fodder and country implements will be used to create the proper atmosphere, The usual price of one dollar will be charged, and dancing will begin at nine o’clock. m.j.f.
kxordings
... by Gus Arnheim’s orchestra will be featured on WBAA’s “Meet the Band” program this noOn at 12:30. November 16, Arnheim is bringing his band to the campus to play for Military Ball. m.j.f.
Remaining
/
Earl Carrol, world’s foremost judge of beautiful women since the death of Ziegfeld, will be here to select the Debris Beauty Contest winners, in which campus queens will vie for “the most beautiful” crown, on the night of Saturday, November 16, from seven till eight-thirty o’clock in the Hall of Music. Carrol is known the world over for his ability to judge feminine beauty. — ■' - I. II . 11 He will travel via air from Los
Angeles, where he owns and operates one of the most famed nightspots on the western seaboard, the Earl Carrol Theatre. Although he still retains his club, he is also active in the movie world. He is working at present, on a new musical
production in Holljrwood.
Another special attraction at the show will be the appearance of Warpy Waterfall and his ever popular band. Warpy s band, which has the Indiana University campus for its stamping grounds, was classed last year as one of the coimtry’s leading collegiate bands. He and his talented musicians will furnish the evening’s musical entertainment. This year, fifty of the campus’ most beautiful women will compete for the beauty crown. Sororities will be allowed three contestants each, the Women’s Residence halls fifteen, and PIA will choose eleven independent women who are not affiliated with the residence halls to represent independent organizations. Freshmen sorority pledges wiil not be considered eligible to represent their sororities, hut may represent the residence halls or oth-
er independent organizations.
Winners of last year’s Debris contest will not be eligible to compete
in this contest.
Campus groups represented in the contest must entbr the names of their respective contestants before 4:30 p. m. Thursday, November 6. In the contest, there will be two eliminations; in the first, thirty of the fifty girls will be eliminated; in the second, sixteen, leaving four to vie for first, second, third and fourth places. The winner of the cqntest will get a full page picture in the Debris, and the three other winners will also have their pictures in the
publication.
Carrol will be judg^e and his decisions will be final. Photographers will be allowed to take pictures at the performance, but first, they must see Bob Breadon, senior business manager of the Debris, to get cards winch will allow them admittance to the Music Hall with cameras. Students who do not possess such cards wiU not be allowed to take cameras witib thel^ to the contest. ,
Dancers' Club Sees Movies jfit Meeting Movies of professional dancers were shown at a get-acquainted party of the Modern Dance Club held last night in the Women’s Gymnasium. Films of the outstanding dancers shown were: Hanya Holm, Doris Humphrey, Charles Weidman, and Martha Graham. Ip addition, movies showing members of the Modern Dance Club were also presented. After a short business meeting, the group did folk dancing and played games. Refreshments were served to thirtyfive people, including new and old members and alumnae of the Mod-
em Dance Club.
All the movies were tsken by Miss Helen Knight of the Physical Education Dept.” The ones of the professional dangers were taken at Mill’s College in California and at Bennington School of Dance in Ver-
mont. b.j.l.
D. Steer To Head National Committee On Education Dr. D. M. Steer, director of the University Speech Clinic has received official notification from the American Speech Correction Institute that he has been appointed chairman of the National Com-
mittee on Education.
The committee will take funds which have been alloted to it and conduct a thorough investigation of the speech correction facilities in the colleges and universities of the United States. It will also investigate the speech correction courses offered in the various teacher training institutions, and will attempt to rate the speech correction clinics throughout the country, t.b.h. Debris Announces Picture Schedule Organization, honorary, and coop group pictures for the Debris are scheduled to be taken in the south Union ballroom at 7 p. m. on the nights of November 6, 12,
13 and 14.
Carl Shedrick, Debris junior editor, issued a statement that formal announcement of the sittings will be made in the Exponent at an early
date, r.r.b.
Photographer . . . Dexheimer Carlon will show proofs of senior pictures in room 60 in the basement of the Union until Monday, November 4. Orders can be placed at any time of the day until nine o’clock in the evening.
Student Senate Reports A Fine Collection Of Articles Lost During The Semester
. . . tickets to Military Ball will gq on sale today to the general student body. The majority of the original 760 tickets have already been sold to military men, band members and seniors. The demand for tickets has been even greater this year than in former years.
By John Gallowhy Have you lost a fountain pen or a set of EE books ? Maybe the slide rule you misplaced some time ago hasn’t turned up yet. If so, maybe the Student Senate Lost and Found Committee will be able to save you the expense of a new on^. In their present collection of lost articles, they have books, note books, slide rules, leather jackets, sweaters, rain coats, hats, reversibles and “what have you.” Any evening from 4 to 5:30 the rightful owner may claim his article by pre-
senting his passport at the Student Senate Office, room 360 of the Union. After directories have been published, owners will be notified that the article has been foimd. Until then, however, stop in and see if the coat or book you lost has been found. This is only one of the many services offered you by the Student Senate, but their work depends on your cooperation. The claiming of lost articles is one way to cooperate. ja:.g.WPIWWWW
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday#'November I. 1940
I M
I f
^ 5*** Cotimiii
Radio reports last night stated that the Italians stated that they had penetrated Greek territory for a distance of 64 miles. At the same time, the Greeks claimed they were holding the Duce’s team on the Albanian frontier. Which puts those two armies fighting back to back. * * * Or else they’ve got their road maps mixed. * « * We see also that the: GREEKS PIN HOPES ON DEFENSE OP HISTORIC MOUNTAIN PASSES We suggest that they put in a call for Alexander and Ulysses, too. Or the British. Also they had better set a few men to guarding the goat trail that let the Persians in behind them ’way back when. It is just possible that Benito may have given up hollering long enough. To read a little Greek .mythology. Xc Hi * With all this going on, we also heard that: AXIS ATTEMPT TO OUST GREEK •* KING IS HINTED Which comes more or less as a surprise to everybody we are sure. Adolph and Benito are so subtle about those things. After they have shelled a ^ew
The Purdue Exponent Bntered m second class matter at the post office in liafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of Harch t, 1879, and at the special rate of poBtace provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnringr the reaular academic year and weekly during: the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chleif. B. W. Denahne Business Managrar JMerl# Haremeyer
Publication Staff
....J. H. McKee JO. K. Heiple
News Editor. u Managrinc Editor..
Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buflner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. TrauKott.
Businoss Staff
Local AdvertUlngr Manag'ers: D. S. Powers, G. 0. Landem; Promotion Manager, G. B. Dangrlemaler; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M.
Becktenwald. ^
Co-ed Staff
Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Ma^ Kay Miller, Kuth Rose, Donna
SiesB.
Spoita Staff
Editor, ,,, - J. P. Dolan
Associate Editors:
Swaim.
Phonet: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; 'Sports 279Z Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Siess Asst. Night Editor: Rnnnion Night Sports Ed.: Johnson Sophomore Staff: D. T. Brophy, F. I. Jones, Alice Chatfield, Virginia Barson, M. A. Flanagan, R. B. Horne.
j. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O.
towns. And dropped a few bombs. And moved in a few hundred thousand troops. They drop a couple of hints. ' That they are contemplating taking over.
You Can Always Tell . . . when the football team is not in the running by the size of the crowds at pep sessions. It’s not hard at all to determine whether we won or lost on the previous Saturday by the turnouts that send the team off for another game out of town. Maybe the time, was a little inconvenient but trains are peculiar— they run on schedules which have to be kept and the Big Four is no exception. Saturday’s game was a disappointment to everyone and especially to the team. We are not going to throw in our two cents worth about what happened out there Saturday. The big thing is that we lost. But even so it was only one game, the Purdue-Wisconsin game. True, we’ve lost two other games but we maintain that the way to take football or any other game is just as it comes. If we are playing the game only because we want to go undefeated or only because a title is at stake then we’d better get out of the game because then it loses its significance as a game. Plajdng football is like playing cards—as long as the player has good cards or good breaks, he wins. But when the cards are bad and he makes a few misplays h^ loses. If he takes this card playing so seriously that he doesn’/t enjoy the game when he loses, then he shouldn’t play at all. And that’s just the way we feel about football. It’s a game and we should play it as such, not as the sort of thing we do only to be the victor or the hero. When we go to a pep session we go to spur the team on to the next game, not to the mere thought of winning. They work hard every day and deserve our support for putting on the show that takes long hours every afternoon. Of course it’s easy to get out and yell for a team that wins all the time. The tough part is to get out there and boost a team that is temporarily down. It’s things like these that make the football players think that football is really a big business and not the game that they are playing for the students in the stands. They begin to think that the fans are only interested in a winner and the only way to accomplish that is to hire professionals. After all, they are students and amateurs and they are just as prone to make mistakes as the rest of us. But you can’t expect them to give their all if the students whom they supposedly represent don’t also do their part.
Dr. Egioff
Classified
Ads
Boss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2,50 all night. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff,
Main St. Phone 2779.
605
Lost: Necklace of white elephants on campus Tuesday about 8 a. m. Finder please call 3876. Reward.
Reversible Corduroy Coats The cool, damp winds of November have come. ]\ow is the time to buy your cord coat. See our new selection while they last.
Reversible
Corduroy and Cravent In Yellow, Blue
ifind Brown
224
5
Main St. RELIABLE
CLOTHING STORE
Phone 6730
The Ratio
(Continued from page 1) produced from petroleum, all the TNT and S3mthetic rubber that ever will be needed can be produced when required. The superiority of British and American airplanes in action in Europe as seen by the 4 to 1 ratio of German to British planes shot down was, according to Dr. Egioff, due to the better quality of the British planes which again was due to the higher octane gasoline used, 100 octane as compared to the German 87 octane gasoline. In closing Dr. Egioff said that when the occasion demanded, our oil industry could from our great oil and oil shale layers using its developed processes manufacture products of any quantity and quality to be used by man for his protection. t.b.n.
3.93 • ••to 1
Last night was the night. Hallowe’en was here again and as usual, we had the marauders. For instance, last night about one o’clock the Kappas were awakened by a plopping souh3h9n the windows and roof. Burglers? / The ever curious Joan Cooper and Betty Broyles got up and went to the window to see what was going on and immediately regretted their decision. Just as they got there, a nice juicy, ripe tomato hit the screen in front of them and were their faces red. Then, adding insult to injury, the wise guys planted a red lantern in the front yard and calmly walked away. Playshop is over, but Dick Pettenger lingers on. He states that he’s still working on something around there, but we’ll bet you a dollar that the work he does is centered around Betty Erick, who’s directing a lab play now. Nice work, we calls it. Can you imagine an English Prof, working on a construction gang? No neither can we, but we have one around here who did. Mr Schick of the English department entertains his classes telling them stories of his construction gang days and he can really tell some good ones, just ask him. Triangles We have some of the most interesting triangles around here. This ever present geometric figure centers around two ATO’s and the home town gal, namely Bob Livingston, Bill Wells and Marge Buckmaster. She comes up here to see Bill and then Bob goes home to see her. The boys ought to get together. Somebody is wasting a lot of time. Well, people, another big weekend is upon us, and a lot of things are scheduled to happen. The ICappa Pledge Dance and the Barnyard Frolic tonight and a good mixer tomorrow night. But just remember, yellow slips come out pretty soon, so take it easy. Write Us Indjdentally, let us hear from you regarding this column. Do you like it or don’t you? Drop us a line in the box at the west desk of the Union and while you’re doing that, let us knoW what you and your friends are doing. We are really very interested.
Lost: Round, yellow gold Elgin wrist watch, narrow brown braided wrist band. Lost in Fieldhouse. Call 2348.
Rooms For Rent: Rooms for fellows in new gas heated home. Private entrance, tiled shower, twin beds. Phone 2143. For Rent: Rooms. Either double or single. Second door east of Northwestern. Phone 41344. 606 West Stadium.
For rent: Newly furnished maple bedroom. Private home. Single or double breakfasts. Phone 76414.
the wind. Rumors fly but there is no news. Funny that even the old Expo doesn’t know what SDX is doing. However, you can look for it on about the 18th of December.
Hpre's another of those famous Ken Classics to run up your fashion score. Wear It at game time, date time or anytime. Its new sfim-as-a-pencil lines and deft Kencrafted tailoring will mark your thoroughbred good taste in any gathering. Tissue-light, basketweave wool in soft pastels and meper tones ... buttons all the way down with a fly-front from belt to hem. Sizes 12 to 20, about $15. LOEB & heme South Side of Square KEN CUSSICS, 108 West 39lli Str««b Nnv Teifi
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
TODAY - SAT. 2 HITS
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS! iFqr mother’s clothes.. i Daughter’s beaus
LEON ERROL DENNIS O'KEEFE ADELE PEARCE WALTER CATLETT -Plus-
Top-Notch RadfO Drama— Now A Terrific Heart Tug! JEAN HERSHOLT — IN — THE COURAGEOUS Dr. CHRISTIAN
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. A FIRST RUN HIT ATTRACTION Carole LOMBARD Charles UU6HT0N in fMt drama
Night Editor's Corner Laffin eyes, oflScial spirit informjer, talked to your editor last night and gave him the low-down on several points. Chief among her revelations was the fact that even on hallowe’en night one has nothing to fear from ordinary “four sheets to the wind” ghosts. Then came the storm—^that is, after that flock of future Debris beauties who came out for Exponent yesterday left and the SDX boys rolled in. Even the typewriters soifnded quiet. It seems that there is a Rassle in
FRANK'S PLACE SANDWICHES and SHORT ORDERS OPEN ALL NIGHT 111 Northwestern Ave.
BUS NEWS 4 SCHEDULES DAILY Chicago $2.95 R. T. Gary 2.95 R. T. Michigan City. 3.70 R. T. Indianapolis 2.10 R. T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
LEARN TO DANCE NEW ADULT CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED., NOV. 6TH TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED THURS., NOV.7TH 7:30 P.M. ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
E
TODAY —SATURDAY
ADVENTUSEI UahedAHklt present
ION HALL LYNN BAM Dm ARDREWS
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
fritter
And His UorsB ’’WHITE TLASH” 'THE COWBOV FROM SUNDOWN
— WITH — FIRST RUN NEWS ROBERT PAIGE — ALSO —
— ADDED — LOUISE CAMPBELL
Starts TOMORROW
THE SPECTACUUR MUSICAL EXTRAVAGANZA !
DON AMECHE BETTY G R A B L E CARMEN MIRANDA mA CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD J. CARROL NAISH • HENRY STEPHENSON • KATHARINE ALDRIDGE •LEONID MNSKEY CHRIS-HN MARTIN
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
iimlSiiY iJPAQjpriiife Muy BglbHUBHES-GniMyRATOFF
r
%
.0
%t'
;'''’“ '•)!’•> ' ■-'■ ,^ t^^^Sr-tV ' !,,^>~v''Ii‘- ' ‘ ' ' ‘ 1-1. r(f'fi 1
<“‘i"itj ,7f,
iK
£xpanjtni SpoJdA paqst
Friday# Noyember 1# 1940
* •
An
Boilermakers Leave After Spirited Scrimmage
Gridders In Great Mid-Season
sions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Myers Wins All-Campus Walking Race
Hoofs iVi Mile Trek In Near Record Time Baiiey, Rechenbach Finish Second, Third
'Moiderer' Mike
Last night at 6:00 o’clock, Purdue’s football team left for Iowa City—and defeat, if the spirit of Purdue student body is a harbinger of the game’s outcome. Very few, compared to the first two send-offs, were present at the start of the Corn Country Special. Let’s endeavor to do a little better next Thursday evening when the squad leaves for Minnesota or else let’s do what our Indiana brothers do to a loser—^neither send it into battle nor meet it after confiict. Must I edge every effort in black? This isn’t Purdue.
Proving himself to be the fastest hoofer on the Boilermaker ^ campus, C. E. Myers finished the tiring 21/2 mile all-campus walking race, thrice around intra-mural field, yesterday afternoon in the remarkably good time of 20 minutes, 40 seconds. Following several hunzted yards behind Myers was D. E. Bailey who took second place hohors, while C. H. Rechenbach completed the long hike in third position. ■in ..u.. I — II Ready To 60!
This is the smiling face that A1 Rossi, Boilermaker left tackle, will have in front of him when the Riveters tangle with Iowa tomorrow.
Remember/ YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S e QUALETY FOOD ' e REASONABLE PRICES e FRIENDLY SERVICHB ^olqreen druo stores 410 Main Street
Women's Hotkey Team To Play Exhibition Match Miss Frazer, of the department of physical education for women and member of the Midwest Hockey Team, will accompany the WAA hockey team to Chicago tomorrow evening, where they will play an exhibition game with the Midwest Reserve Hockey Team. The game will be played before Chicago high school students. Co-ed hockey players who will take the trip are: Olive Metzger, Mary Pidgeon, Jane Pishleigh, Gail Hennis, Caroline Britton, Katherine Ade, Harriet Campbell, Opal Blagrave, Jean Steigerwald, Eileen Westover, Barbara Ford, Shirley Emhoff, and Betty Van Nice. m.k,b.
Getting off to a waddling good start, eight Riveter hikers walked their fastest whilel judges did their best to keep the contestants down to walks instead of runs. Before the race started Myers, the winner, who was also a contender for honors in last year’s hike, gave a demonstration of how a walking race is to be walked, not run. According to the rules the contestants’ heel must touch the ground at the beginning of each step, and one foot must be on the ground at all times. In other words, the rules require that the contestants go around the course in a normal walk. It sounds easy, but just try to walk as fast as you can sometime without breaking into a run. Being an aPhual affair the history of the walking race on the Boilermaker campus goes back several
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
The UNIVERSITY $5.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a felt bind* ingofcontrastingcolor. ^ • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat'... 63.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. U. 8. PATENT OFFICE
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See these new styles and shades before yon buy your new FALL HAT.
Prices $2.95 to $5.00 Q SOOMAINSr.
WE MADE IT! .. . and are we proud of that handsome Gordon Oxford shirt! In fact we have proudly shirted college men for generations—and today Arrow is stiU the favorite to win on any campus. Gordon Oxford has the famous hutton-down Dover collar, Sanfor-ized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Invest $2. today in this time-honored celebrity. Another buck win buy an Arrow tie to top it off. See your Arrow dealer today. ARROW SHIRTS
ARROW SHIRTS at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
PHONE 3801
Form For Iowa Battle Saturday Plenty of ginger and snap along with a large serving of the famous old “Purdue Fight!” was quite evident in the Boilermaker grid camp last night as the Gold and Black mentors conducted the final preparation for the Iowa tilt Saturday at Iowa City. It was the kind of practice session that endows in the innocent onlooker a feeling of “Poor Iowa.” ‘Heap Plenty Mad’ .
For the Riveter gridders are on the warpath in a stirring manner, determined to break into the Big Ten victory column for the first time this season, and at the same time avenge for a few of the former Hawkeye victories. They all remember the 4-0 score that dampened the Gold and Black Homecoming last season, a defeat which kept them from sharing in the Western Conference Championship. The talk of avengance in the Boilermaker encampment can hardly be classed as idle talk, as the squad is in the best mental and physical condition exhibited for several seasons, even better than it was in the two “Dan Dunn” final second losses to< Ohio State and Wisconsin. The only pessimistic note to be found is the fact that diminutive- Mike Byelene will be unable to join his teammates in the Saturday battle. Work bn Defense Considerable attention was devoted in the final practice towards perfecting the defense that will be used against Dr. Eddie Anderson’s spreading offense. Following a short contact scrimmage, the'" team
years. Last year A. N. Rohn c^me in first while R. Bouman finished second. It seems that hiking is gaining in popularity since eight competed yesterday as against the six that finished the contest last year. d.w.m.
discarded their pads to hold a snappy drill on offensive assignments. After the conclusion of practice, the team hurriedly dressed to catch the train to "Chicago, where they bivonaced last night before continuing on the Hawkeye invasion. Coach Elward is expected to start the same lineup against Iowa that he sent onto the field against Wisconsin. The starting backfield will be composed of the three pony backs, Carter, Berto, and Smerke, all sophomores, teaming with work horse John Petty at fullback. Three Dozen Invaders The 36 members of the Boilermaker traveling squad are as follows: ENDS—^Bill Combs, LaVem King, Forrest McCaffry, Dave Rankin, James Rush, William Shimer, Forrest Sprowl. TACKLES — Clarence Kjellberg, William Neff, A1 Rosri, Italo Rossi, Pete Timperman, Bruce Warren. GUARDS—Charles Ehrlich, Joe Hillenbrand, Tom Melton, Jim Miller, Wesley Stevens, Jack Winchell, John Vecs. CENTERS —Ted Axton, Alex Leugo, Warner VanAken. HALFBACKS — Paul Anderson, Tony Berto, Bryan Brock, Marion^ Carter, Walter Cook, John Galvin,' QUARTERBACKS—Bob Kersey, Fred Smerke, Vincent Snyder. FULLBACKS—William BuflBington, Frank Fijala, John Petty, Hal Schumacher. p.c.j.
Where .Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT HERSEY^S
sol Main St.
Lahr Hotel Building
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 ’A Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
•, Locksmith
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door toefcs, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicydes, accessories and repairing. muLhaupts 209-11 N. 5th St. / PtKxw TBU
• Shoe Repair
• Jewelers
BOSSUNG SHOE REBUILDING Phone 2240 221 State
R. C. hSENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Tailor
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine lewelry at Moderate Priegs EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Dapry Products M. E. MOREHOUSE ' DAIRY QUALIIY MILK Phone 46214 —-Z \w
m
"f«% ,}|-|^^
iPliiWPHBiWipiPiPi!^^
u jK , ^iTf^^%" ^^\/yfirjfo€?. ^4^Hf,
^ < ' ir
I ' t “iV
j- M «1 ^
)
M''
.»• ''\ V' '
‘ *■' j! ,t <
'I
■‘^fv -ft - ' ?- V
»
POR0UE EXPONENT
/ .
Fiidoy- Navem)i«r li 1840 ' > })
(i)euhijn/^n TIhwa Hart on Capitol Hill By C. J. Hart Dorothy, one of the gals in our office, had 60c on a horse that week. The other day, she was recipient of 250 odd dollars. Her number turned up. Dot plans to buy a fur coat. Yesterday, a kid by the name of Bob Bell had a number turn up. He’ll get $21 per month. He doesn’t plan to buy a fur coat, however. Or even a topcoat. Bob plans to don khaki. The dawn of the big “numbers” —
Rifle Range Now Open Students and faculty members interested in the art of marksmanship are reminded by the Intra-mural Department that the rifle range in the Fieldhouse basement is open for their use. Each afternoon the range is open from 4:00 to 6:30 while each evening except Tuesday and Friday it n^ay be used from 7:00 until 8:30. On Saturday it is open from 9 a. m. until 12 noon as well as at other times.
Cheer Squad: 'i'ell practice will be held Friday, November 1, at 4 p. m- In the stadium The full sqiiad is expected to turn out. , —Izudk.
Purdue Aeromodelers; There will be a work session in the new workshop, room 80 of the basement in the Union, Friday, November 1, at 7:80 p. m. Be there, —OBARSKI.
Purdue OutinsT Club: There will be ah important business meeting Tuesday, November 6, in room 212 of the UniOn. All old members are urgently reijhested to attend Everyone who is interested is welcome —PARKER.
day saw Washington bathed in typically Lafayette, Indiana, weather. Skies, like chins 21-35 years of age, hung low. People were buying hourly editions of the papers, scanning long lists of numbers. Some got around to the editorial page. Editorial pages assured readers beginning to feel the fiist pangs of doubt that these same readers were sure and confident
his last last-minute speech.
The scream of Mrs. Bell when she heard the President announce No. 158 and knew that her son was immediately on tap for the Draft Board—that scream indicated that her immediate, unguarded response was slightly less sure than the editorial pages indicated. However, two months of intensive newspaper campaigning were nUt in vain. She soon recovered.
Racial questions crop into the campaign at this late date Joe Louis, demi-God of his race, is taking the stump for Willkie. Latest plans call for Louis to deliver an election eve knockout on the other “champ” by introducing Willkie for
Considerable importance can be given this late development. Negro votes in big cities are important to off-set suburban Republican majorities.
Letter To The Editor
Dear Editor: We went to the pep session last night, along with a few more Purdue students! We want to know what happened to the rest of the student body. At aTime when the team really needs our support, were you “busy,” or do you lose interest that easily ? Don’t we have enough school spirit to turn out when the team is on the losing end ? Incidentally, Purdue’s famous ratio didn’t seem to hold last night. The gills turned out in proportion much better than you Purdue fellows. We’ve got a swell team—^why don’t we back them more? E. S., Sc. ’42 E. V., HE ’42
Notices \ No notices received after 8 p. m. Modei Railroad Club: Meeting Friday, November 1, at 8 p. m. in room 304 of the Union Prof. Hargrave will speak Full attendance requested. —^DARR.
4-H Club Members: Annual Fall party in women’s gym, Saturday, November 2, from 8 to 12 p m. Committee members have tickets. Ten cents in advance and fifteen cents at the door. —DE LA CROIX.
Silver Mask: Please check out equipment Friday, November 1 Practice will start Monday, November 4. j —PITCHER
Owners of Lost Glasses Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please come in and identify them —ENDERS
Union Sophomores: There will be a meeting of the Game Room Committee in the office on Friday, November 1, at 4.16 p, m Those expected are* Davis, Seeburger, Katz, Pastrick, Lewis, Weber, Click, Herschman, Parker, Saxton, Weigel, and McLaughlin. —STAREK
NPA: Checks for period ending October 15 are now available at cashier’s office in executive building —^HALLENSBE
Graduate Students: The English examination required of all graduate students who expect to become candidates for advanced degrees will be given on Friday, November 1, at 2 15 p m , in Eliza Fowler Hall Please be there promptly at 2 16 —DUKES
Senior Military: An instructive movie showing the actions of the rifle squad in combat will be shown at the Armory at 4 00 p m Monday, Nov. 4 —WORKMAN
PIA Salesmen: Turn in membership books after 4 p m in the office before Wednesday, November 6 —SOPCAK.
Advanced Course Military Seniors: Seniors will be paid in the main office of the Armory from 1 to 4‘80 p m on Monday, November 4 v —TORMEY
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Those who do not have key replicas see me at the SAE house —FLETCHER Vocational Conference Discussion Leaders: Meeting in room 212 of the Union at
POPCORN
DAD'S
If it is from Dad's you know it
PLACE
must be good.
So Handy
DISCONTINUED FLASH BULBS ONE-THIRD OFF
o Large Assortment of Martha Washington Candies, e Modei Airplane Supplies, o Photography—Supplies in Addition to Films.
Hinea The Photographer
Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery 1 Inii/Arcii'i#
CAMERAS and PHOTO SUPPLIES
univcfsiiy i/iiiy Jiore
634 Main Street Phone 7775
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Han^eU, ’37
For Gala Evenings
and Especially the MILITARY BALL Friday—^November 15 You will want to look your best. We have many new formals — perfect for starting the formal season at Purdue. Formal Prices Start at $7.95 and Graduate Upward to $45.00
415 Main Street
Phone 5900
We also have formal: SKIRTS SLIPPERS SWEATERS HANKIES BLOUSES , BAGS
\ \
4 pJ m
on Friday, November 1. —CARROLL.
Monday, November 4, —GRISE.
PEW Riding Class: There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, November 6 diid 7, at 4 o’clock In the Women's gymnaslurii Lectures will be on typeS 6f horses, different styles of ridifig, tack and bitting Attendance at one of these meetings is required for credit in the course If for any reason you cannot be present any one of these days, please notify the Women’s gym —^CASE.
pledges at 4 p. i room 804, Union.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Enginereing Lectures will report Satuiv day, November 2, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, electrical building; F-Jfi, room 201, civil building, L-R, room 101, Golden Shops; S-Z, room 264, electrical building. —KNAPP.
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a regular meeting the club Friday, November 1, room 304 of the Union. —DEBAYLE.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a meeting for all old Aiembera Wednesday evening, November 6, at 7 80 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —GERSTUNG
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, November 7, at 7 16 p. m. in room 303 of the Union All members please be present, —PITCHER.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting of pledges at 4pm Monday, November 4, in the reading room, mechanical engineering building All actives interested in convention at Iowa State (November 17, 8, 9) also attend or contact me —^WIST
Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives and
WS6A Residence Committee: Meet in WSGA offiifee at 4 p. m. today for short meeting —^FINK.
djnnuaL
■
CamuuL JoodL. Solti-
No. 10 Cans Whole Beets
-Dc^z. $5.10
No. 10 Cans Phillips Cut Green
Beans
..Doz. $4.50
No. 10 Cans Joan of Arc Kidney
Beans
Doz. $4.25
No. 10 Cans Joan of Arc Pork and
Beans
..Doz. $4.25
No. 10 Cans Fancy Cream Style
Com
..Doz. $5.95
No. 10 Cans Fancy Chili Sauce
Doz. $10.95
No. 10 Cans Monarch Quartered
Carrots
..Doz. $6.35
No. 10 Cans All Gold Fruit Cocktail
I
..Doz. $8.75
No. 10 Cans Monarch Kraut
..Doz. $4.55
No. 10 Cans All Gold Fancy Peas ....
.Doz. $7.45
No. 10 Cans All Gold (50 Slices)
Pineapple
..Doz. $8.30
No. 10 Cans All Gold (Chunklet)
Pineapple
..Doz* $8.50
No. 10 Cans All Gpld (Crushed)
Pineapple
.Doz. $8.15
No. 10 Cans Klondike Fancy
Tomatoes
..Doz. $3.95
No. 5 Can Doles Pineapple Juice
.Doz. $3.25
No. 5 Can Orange Juice
.Doz. $3.25
No. 5 Can Joan of Arc Tomatoe
Juice
..Doz. $2.00
LUX & HUMPHREY'S
GROCERIES AND MEATS
317 State Street
Phone 4028
New Collar Styles to Flatter Your Face
The correct collar can flatter a man’s face mightily and our observation on the effect of different collars on different necks and faces will help us suggest the right collar style for you. The chap on the left is wearing a new rounded *^cutaway” collar if you’d like to utilize your talent for tying the new Windsor knot. His companion prefers a fashionable fancy oxford shirting . . , longpoint collar with invisible stitching. Come in and see our new Fall selection of shirts in patterns and styles to suit every taste.