^Jh-J' - '!, V ■‘t^f 1-1 f. ^ ^ i ^ ^ , i
?,>,"?^^?^» /^~>f4‘-'-'^ . i'^ », '' » i.txM ’, w'-va
i> I !J'
I -f
s'
(Eire Purjfliue TSxpanent
t^ttblished Daily by Studebts of Purdue iTmvetaity
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19,1937
NUMBER «»
Chemical Wins
Hanley Speech
J. W. Fredericks Takes First Place In Junior Division
J. Wayne Frederick, junior ctiemical engineering student, last night won first place in the junior division of the Hanley Speech Contest with the speech, “Prosperity And Low Price Technique.” Second place was awarded to R. H. Schlundt, also a junior chemical engineer, for the exposition, “The Coordinating Of Truck Traffic.” Fredericks received “The Financial Handbook” by R. H. Montgomery as first prize, and both winners became eligible to enter the final contest, with a first prize of fifty dollars. Chairman The chairman of the contest last night was Frank Hall of the history department, and the two judges were D. O. Bowman of the economics department and E. K. Jerome of the speech department. Entries for the senior division of the contest will not be accepted after next Tuesday at 4 p. m., and the senior finals will be held next Wednesday. All speeches in this contest will be of eight minutes duration, and must concern some economic problem.
Explorer Will Speak Here
Diamond Field Discoverer Lectures Tuesday
William LaVarre, discoverer of the British Guiana diamond fields, will be the first lecturer to appear here on this semester’s lecture convocation program. The 39 year old jungle explorer will speak Tuesday at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall First Trip Since LaVarre’s first trip to South America, which he made while still a student at Harvard, he has returned to the banks of the Amazon seven time^. LaVarre is also well known as an author, having written among 6ther books “Up The Mazaruni For Diamonds,” “Gold, Diamonds, And Orchids.”
Mixer Features
Johnny Burkarth
Johnny Burkarth and his band from New York City are to be the feature attraction at tomorrow’s mixer. Johnny, who is a Purdue graduate in pharmacy, is familiar to many dancers in the cities of Louisville and Cincinnati where he played in well known hotel ballrooms. Medical Training Following his graduation, he completed one year of his medical training at the University of Louisville school of medicine after which his ambitions turned toward music and he organized his first band. Another Purdue grad, Johnny Lain, is the star trumpet player in Burkarth's band.
L. S. Boggs Resigns As Superintendent
L. S. Boggs, '88, has just resigned as superintendent of construction for the Westinghouse Co. After graduating from the University with B. S. M. E. degree, he was employed successively by Sprague Electric Co., Pioneer Electric Co., and the Westinghouse Co. Boggs, a native of West Lafayette, is sojourning in Tampa, Fla,, with his wife and son. He is undecided as to his future residence.
Place “(iripe Box” Near Union Desk
Do you have a gripe against some course you are taking? Are you dissatisfied with any situation existing on the University campus ? What is your opinion of the Student Senate, and wha^t do you think it should do? A box for receiving criticisms on campus conditions was placed near the Union desk yesterday, Martha Wo'od, chairman of the Senate student relations committee, announced last night. Miss Wood stated that all student or faculty complaints placed in the box will be read and discussed by the Senate at its regular meetings. The organization will take action on all worthwhile suggestions.
Engineers Hear Bearce
Addresses Joint Meeting Of ASME, AIEE, SAE
Four hundred engineering students heard W. D. Bearce, statistician in the transportation department of the General Electric Company, when he spoke on the subject, “Diesel Electric Locomotives And Streamlined Trains,” at a joint meeting of the A. S. M. E., the A. I. E. E., and the S. A. E. which was held last night in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Moving Pictures His talk, which was illustrated by slides showing various applications, was~ followed by two reels of motion pictures which followed the operations in the manufacture of diesel-electric locomotives. The speaker, who made a special trip to the campus for this lecture, was entertained at a diimer in his honor in the Memorial Union Building before the meeting, and was introduced by assistant Dean of Engineering, W. A. Knapp.
Politics Under The Trees
Theme Of Open Campaign
By K. E. O’Neil
The time has come for all good politieians^ to Cbme from behind tbe barred doors and show their hands. With the Student Senate stating that all will be fair in love, war, and Purdue politics, campus clique leaders will no longer whisper softly over telephone wires, “Your group vote for our man, and we’ll back your candidate to the last stand.” Last year, groups silently got together and poured over the student directory (what would we do without it at this time of year) to see who knew who, and would he vote on your side. No longer will small groups in cars move from house to house in the dark of night soliciting votes. These things are a thing of the past. Different Now
Instead, members of cliques will be fighting for telephone booths at the Union, flipping coins to see who calls this guy first, and grab-
bing from each other the insufficient number of directories that are now floating around. Pedestrians must beware from
now until the time that Prom and
Gala Week electioi^ are over. Cars filled with goggle-eyed students will be whizzing along the campus in search of stray votes. Cars equipped with loud speaking units will blast the peace and quiet that Purdue has enjoyed from the beginning of its existence. Soap Boxes Staid old Purdue will soon be in a turmoil. Banners will be floating in the breeze, and huge pictures of candidates will be marched back and forth along the campus walks. Soap bpxes will appear with candidates voicing their opinions on what they will do if they are elected. Old Purdue will be rejuvenated. Noise, speeches, and campaign music will replace what has happened in former years.
Union Show Stars To Shine Sunday
By Mary Ann Kelsay
Silver Derby Date Nears
With the intramural carnival less than a week off, there is still room for entries in the silver derby event. Any fraternity which desires to enter, and hasn’t already done so, must attend to it at once as each event in the derby has to have four entries before it will be run. Those which already have four teams signed up are closed. This derby is one of the features of the carnival and there is a trophy for the winner of each part of it. The whole series of races is the result of someone having let his imagination run rampant in an effort to think up competition. Schedule The schedule of the events and entrants to date are as follows. Tricycle Race—^Phi Kappa, Tau Epsilon Phi, Triangle. Horseback Race—Delta Chi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Nu. Barrel Race—Sigma Chi. Sack Race—Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Phi Epsilon. Stilt Race—Beta Theta Pi, Pirathon. 3 Legged Race—Alpha Tau Omega, Phi Kappa Sigma, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi. Wheelbarrow Race—Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Alpha Mu, Theta Tau. Crutch Race—Sigma Pi» Scooter Race—Kappa Delta Rho.
FACULTY MEETING
The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, February 22, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is eic^Jected, EDWARD C, ELLIOTT, President.
Banquet To Honor Corn Expert; St. John Leaves
R. P. St. John, hybrid corn expert With the University, Will be the guest of honor at a banquet tonight occasioned by his nearing depar ture. St. John is leaving the Uni versity March 1 to accept a position with a candy company )of DeKalb, 111. The banquet will be given tonight in the Home Economics Building by the botanical department of the Agricultural Experiment Sta'tion.
Surprises in the Union Cafeteria on Sunday night! A million dollar reward to each and every ene . . . not in insignificant cash, but in a wealth of entertainment. To the Purdue campus is coming a preview of gala stars paralleled only by Hollywood itself. Master of ceremonies, Jerry Ciral, will appear promptly at 5:30 o’clock to introduce each glamorous star. The exact list of stars to appear on Sunday night has not yet been announced, but it has been ascertained that each one is playing in the coming Union Show “Castles In The Air” to be staged on March 13 in the Mars Theater.
Enders Talks
On Careers
Gives Outline Of Plan In Choosing Vocations
The first of aperies of eight lectures on “Occupational Opportunities For Graduates Of The School Of Science,” was given yesterday afternoon by Dean Howard E. Enders of the school of science. Dean Enders gave an outline of the procedure in choosing a vocation and useful points for planning the future. He also gave a summarized account of the positions now held in industry and business, by recent graduates. Opportunities Lectures on occupational opportunities in chemistry, biology, psychology and education, economics, and business, English and mathematics, physics and social service and culture will complete the series and are to be given each Thursday in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall for the next seven weeks. Although the lectures are for science freshmen primarily any students interested may attend'.
Little Theatre Group To Broadcast On WBAA
The Lafayette Little Theatre Will* broadcast “The Storm Before Sunset,” this afternodn at 3:3Q over WBAA. The story is a stirring drama of love, death, and shcrifice in the jungles of Bolivia. The cast is made up of Mrs. A. E. Koenig, Mrs. Michael T. Ricks, Miss Patty Lou Binney, Jack Neil‘, Harold Watts, George Haskins, and Gerald Venemafin. The sound effects will be handled by Hunter
Smith.
Playgoers See Political Mess
‘Both Your Houses’ En-
acted In Duncan Hall; Given Again Tonight
“ . . . I always told you boys you were a bunch of crooks, and you are. The whole blistering, blasphemous batch of you! And some day they are going to catch up with you.” boomed Sol, the bristling congressman in “Both Your Houses” presented by Playshop last night in the auditorium of Duncan Hall. Old Time Politician
The part of Sol, an old time politician was most successfully carried by Fred Ahrens ... so successfully in fact^ that it literally “stole” the show. Dick Hedlund as Simeon Gray, the chairman of the appropriations committee was quite effective handling the general congestion of affairs brought about by Benton Burns as Alan McClean. In spite of the fact that Jack Allen has been a member of the cast for only a few days, he carried the part of Levering with unusual characterization. “Both Your Houses” will be repeated tonight at 8 o’clock in Duncan Hall. Tickets may still be secured in the Memorial Union Building or at the door.
A. P. SteVart, who will direct the Sunday Convocatioii for Worship.
Plan Special Convo Music
Stewart WiU Lead Uni-
versity Choir; Osborn To Play Organ
Special music has been planned for the Convocation for Worship, which will be held Sunday Uiorning, 10:30 o’clock, in Eliza Fowler Hall, with Dr. Edwin Holt Hughes, Senior Methodist Bishop of Washington, D. C., speaking on “An Election Within The Soul.” The Purdue University Choir of 125 voices under the direction of A. P. Stewart will present the religious hymns during the service. Starting at 10:30 o’clock, George Osborn, sophomore in the school of pharmacy, from Rochester, will present a 15 minute organ recital in “C Sharp Minor” by Rachmaninoff. Processional The processional hymn will be “Holy, Holy, Holy,” which will be followed by the singing of “Gloria” by Tschesnokoss. The second hymn will be “A Charge to Keep, I Have.” Stewart announced that the choir is prepared to present two anthems for the religious service, “Quando Corpus,” -W^hich is taken from the oratorio “Stabat Mater” by Rossini, and “Lamb of God,” taken from “Chorale of 1540” as arranged by Christiansen.
Exponent WiU Conduct Straw Election Vote
To Pnblish Ballote For Junior Prom And Week Committees
Campus sentiment on Junior Pxom and Gala Week committees will be determined by the Expfoaeiil by means of straw ballots published daily in the paper from tomorrow until election day, Thursday, February 25. Any student may submit a ballot either by mail or by dropping it in the Exponent box at the Union desk. Daily Summary Results of the campus pre-elec-tion opinion on the committees will be summarized each evening, and reported in the paper on the following day. Prom election restilts from both the jimior class and from the entire University will be published, and straw ballot totals from the seniors and from the whole school on Gala Week committees will be printed. Candidates will be listed according to party affiliations, and may be voted on as a group, or the ballots may be “scratched,” and members of more than one clique voted for.
McCartney To Play Tonight
350 Couples Expected For Annual Scabbard Blade Formal Dance
Remmers To Speak On Education
Dr. H. H. Remmers, Director of the Division of Educational Reference at the University, will journey to New Orleans this week-end to attend the meeting of the National Education Association which will open tomorrow and continue on through next Thursday. In connection with the session, he will preside Sunday at a meeting of the American Educational Research Association on “Research In Character And Personality.” He will also attend a meeting of the committee of the American Association of College Teachers of Education which was appointed last year to study and report on a proposed yearbook on “The Appraisal And Improvement Of College Teaching.”
Return Trip
On the return trip from New Orleans, Dr. Remmens will stop off in St. Louis next Friday to participate with nine other phychClogists in two discussion meetings of the Progressive Education Association on “What Basic Psychological Theories Offer Greatest Promise For Improved Social Living.”
According to word received here, James Robertson, Jt., who viras graduated from the Purdue University sphool of civil engineering in 1932, has just accepted position as field engiiieer with the Chicago Bridge And’ Iron Works, his first assignment being on a construction project in Paola, Kan.
OMISSION
In^aming the members of the freshnian basketball squad who will play in the preliminary game at six o’clock tomorrow night, preceding the, Min-nesota-Purdue game, the name of P. E. Oxley was unintentionally omitted froih the story in yesterday’s Exponent.,
Three himdred and fifty couples will dance to the music of Joe McCartney (probably better known by his radio name of Johnny Courtney) at the annual Scabbard and Blade formal dance which will be held tonight from 9 until 12 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Programs ^ Programs to the affair wUl be given out at the door as the dancers enter. Only members and pledges of the military honorary socie% will be permitted to attend the dance in uniform.
O’Shea Active In Personnel Session
Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, director of the Personnel Service for Women at Purdue University, is taking an active part in the programs of the annual meetings of the American College Personnel Association and National Coimcil of Guidance and Personnel Association at New Orleans this week. As secretary of the American College Personnel Association, she presided over the session on “The Adjustment of the Individual in Modern Life,” and at the final general meeting of the organization she will present a paper covering the coordination of the guidance functions in the college or university from the viewpoint of the educational administrator or counselor.
Dr. Trimble Called Home By Bliiess
Dr. Otis Trimble, of the educa tion department, with Mrs. Trimble and their daughter, left Thursday for Dr. Trimble’s former home near Springfield, Mo., where they were called by the critical illness of Dr, Trimble’s mother. They exepect to return early next week.
Postoffice Will Be Closed Next Monday
Only special delivery and perishable mail will be delivered on Monday, February 22, Washington’s birthday. Which is a^ postoffice heJi day. The building will be closed all day, except for the general delivery window, which will be open from to 10 o’clock in the morning.
Alpha Phi Omega Installs Officers
At its first regular meeting of the semester Wednesday night Alpha PM Omega installed the foRowing new officers. President, G. E. Merriam; vice-president, R.!* Bnrkhart; secretary, E. N. Wadleigh; and treasurer, C. W. Gault. Professor Venemann, of the school of mes chanical engineering, was agahr selected to serve as senior facid^ advisor. Lays Plans The group is now Mymg plans for its amual student-faculty entertainment, to be held later £a the spring. TMs will be open to aR male students and facdl^ Members and will be for the purpose of fostering more intimate and friendly relationships between the students and faculty. Food and fan wiB. be provided for everybody and the idea is well received, it is planned to make this entertainment an annual event.
R. F. Kirkntaih who was g!raduated from the University school of civil engineering in I93fi, has just accepted an engineering position with M. L. Beitt, Inc., butldhig contractors of Chicago, on a two And one-half million dollar contract for the construction of the Jane Addams low cost housing prelect M Chicago.
GAME BROADCAST
Cloudy Aud Cold
By Tempy Hu^ SxpQu^t Mom*
m view of the^ri^at interest that has been aroused in Purdue’s clash with Mirmesotn, Big Ten basketbnR leader, hem tomorrow night,, arrangemmx!^ have been completed with radio station WIND, Gary, to broadcast tbe compete gamew Th6 broadcast wiR start prompBY at 7:30 p. m.tBt5 i' '\-
mmmmmmmfimmmmifmff ■^’ -, '^''f /I *''<.»
1 , ^
?W
i?#K.‘' M ( X'tv ! M;
’
J ' t
’
1C 1
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. February 19,1&37
tB^i^e $urbue exponent
FMinded in 1888
Bntend ns «eeo.nd class matter at the post office, Lafayett^Indian^ J^Hver^^ ■wU, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Business Phone 5088
OFFICEl—312 North Fifth Street
Nditorial Phone 6087
Daily Stadent Publicatiwi of Purdue University
bditorial board op control R, J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
.JB. H. Morris
A^S^Sf Bd^ K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forsto. R. P. Manion, C. U
Sophomore Assistants .W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey J.
oopnomore ^ Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. S^back, D. R. Vmw
K H. EeUogg, K. E. O’Neil
Business Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
,.R. J. Hulse
OUHIUeaS JIUUlBKCr - . fr National Advertising Manager. - ^r» c MUter
Local Advertising Manager. Circulation Manager
JO.
J. P. Girard
Editor. Associate Editors..
SPORIS STAFF t j _ L. D. Wood w"H- Kfldd, S. R. Griffiths, R. P. Obenchain
Editor. Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , „ . Helen Creech jr^nne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabe^ Pyke 3«tty Barnett
Issue Editor—C. D. Schroeder
West Side Theatre With the rapidly growing student body, the need for a West Side theatre becomes more apparent than ever before. There are well over 5,000 students in the University, which, when added to the permanent population of the locality, swells the total to quite a sizable movie-less community. Whether this is due to staff pressure or the efforts of the theatre managers on the East Side is not the question. The fact remains that Purdue has no movies. And this presents an ideal setting for an experiment. Why shouldn’t the University start a moving-picture theatre of its own? It would not only allow the electrical engineers an opportunity to test their skill in a practical manner, but it would also permit the chemicals to try their luck with celluloids, as well as giving all students a chance to get some worthwhile experience along engineering management lines. Ag, Home Ec, Pharmacy, and Science sudents would have their share of educational benefits through the preparation or presentation of special films, covering topics of interest to these groups. Finally, there is the advantage of having a theatre within easy walMng distance of the campus. A West Side theatre would enable students to enjoy an evening of relaxation from strenuous studies without the necessity of a long wait for a street-car or the longer walk across the levee. Playshop would have a home. Purdue band concerts could be presented in a building of suitable accoustical characteristics. Pep sessions, loyalty meetings, and special lectures could be held in a well equipped and comfortable setting. The University is always interested in progress. Were they to pioneer along this line, they would receive desirable publicity as well as being in a position to aid in the further development of one of the United States’ major industries. _W. M. A.
Club Notes
Mrs. J. P. Wayne, 325 W. Lutz, West Lafayette, will be hostess at the next meeting of the Agapai Club, on Monday, February 22, at 2 o’clock. Mrs. Owen Butcher will read a paper in memoriam to George Washington.
The Edgewood Club will hold its next meeting on Monday, February 22, at 2:30, in Duncan Hall. The program will consist of a talk on bird life by Mrs. F. C. Dobelbower and a description of the “Singing Tower” by Mrs. Dale Eoth. Mrs. Marvin May, Mrs. Gus Merritt, and Mrs. Charles Nitcher will be the hostesses.
The Fortnightly Club will meet Monday, February 22, at 8 o’clock at the home of Mrs. G. M. Bartlett, 828 North Main street, West Lafayette. A program on Japan will be given by Professor and Mrs. Poorman.
Mrs. R. S. Fonts, 361 West Oak street, West Lafayette will be hostess to the While-A-While Club at 2:30 o’clock Tuesday, February 23. The roll call will be answered by miscellaneous topics.
Shining Scabbard will be reviewed by Mrs. E. A. Gannon at the next meeting of the Round Table Club. Mrs. F. G. King, 408 Russell, West Lafayette, will be hostess of the meeting, which will be held at 3 o’clock, Tuesday, February 23. ^
A dinner meeting of the American Association of University Women will be held at 6:30 at the Home Economics Building, Tuesday February 23.
Schoolmaster To America, a biography of Noah Webster written by Henry A. Warfell, will be reviewed by Mrs. E. C. Young at the next meeting of the West Lafayette Reading Club. Mrs. Oakel Hall, 829 N. Salibury, will be the hostess of the meeting.
What’s Wrong? Another semester finished. For a large number it was a success, and then on the other hand it was a failure to many as far as grades were concerned. There were many who thought they would become engineers, but discovered that their abilities did not fit them for that profession. It is unfortunate that the students in this class should have to come this far in their education before they discovered that fact, but it is much better that these students should fail now than to allow them to graduate and become failures all through life as engineers. There are others, however, who failed for different reasons. Companionship is a very important factor in college life, but there are times when it seriously affects grades. When college students get together in the evening, the old familiar “bull sessions” are bound to spring up, and, when they do, they usually last for several hours. It is hard to keep out of them but the fact remains that they do not help grades. Another type is the one who sits at his desk faithfully every night, turns on the radio, and lets his mind .wander off to some other subject besides his school assignments. With good radio programs every night, it takes a lot of will power to keep from turning the dials, but when the final exams come around this student finds himself singing “One never knows, does one.” There are students who can listen to the radio and still concentrate on their school subjects, but this type is in the minority. The third type of flunking student is the one who overdoes activities. Activities are a fine diversion in college life and should be encouraged, but they should not be overdone to the point where grades suffer too much. Last, but not least, is the student who comes to school for a good time and nothing else. There are a few brilliant individuals who can do this and still pass; but very few. It might be well to analyze yourself and see if you fall in any one of these four classes. All but the first class can easily remedy the low grade situation and obtain the grades that they should be getting next semester.—C. D. S. Lie Detection Much has been written concerning the Keeler Polygraph, “lie detector” to most people, about the benefits it gives in forcing a confession from a suspect. Some argue that we should have the machine in all courtrooms, to more ably select the guilty from the innocent. Others claim that the fear of a nev-er-failing lie-detector, produces false confessions and shouldn’t be used because a man needn’t testify against himself by law unless he so wished, and the record could be used by the prosecution as evidence. However, when a man is asked to take the test, a refusal almost instantaneously condemns him; so many, nevertheless, try to beat the little black box. No one so far has done it. And because it is based upon the pulse and rate of respiration that are involuntary and since man has no control over them, no one will ever do it, within the limits of possibility. No one has ever raised a rumpus about the use of fingerprints in crime detection, yet they reveal the killer from the innocent. In the same way, the polygraph merely records the involuntary fluctuations of the pulse and respiration encountered in your system, when one falsely answers a question, and allows the innocent to go free and condemns the guilty. Why should a man confess a crime that he never committed just because he is afraid that the little black box will tell on him, proving his guilt on some crime, great or small? Therefore why shouldn’t we have this lie detector as a standard piece of equipment In the courtroom.~R. N. W.
The Taka Art Club will hold its next meeting, which is to be a Colonial tea in costume, at the home of Mrs. F. J. Cason, 464 Robinson street. West Lafayette, on Thursday, February 25, at 2:15. Professor R. Phillips will speak on “America In The World Of Literature, Science, And Art.”
Mrs. J. B. Kohlmeyer, 818 Northwestern Ave, will be hostess to the American Literature Club, Thursday, February 25, at 2:30 p. m.
The next meeting of the Sorosis Club will be at the home of Mrs. George DeKay, 711 Meridian street. West Lafayette, at 2:30, Thursday, February 26.
The Arachne Club will meet Friday, February 26, at 2:30 p. m. at the home of Mrs. V. C. Freman, 542 Hayes street, West Lafayette.
Grid Practice In Full Swing As Cold Weather Lets Up Signals are being called, plays are being run through, and muddy cleats come back to the locker room i^s^the University football squad takes advantage of the let-up in the cold weather. Tuesdays and Thursdays find the backs and centers hard at work on Stuart Field, while the rest of the week days find the squad practicing line blocks in preparation for the coming season’s gridiron encounters.
BASKETBALL
TODAY ! ! Court 1—Official, Abell 7:00—1st North Hall vs. 3rd North Hall. 7 ;16—^Ist North Hall vs. 2nd North Hall. 8:26—^2nd North Hall vs. 3rd North Hall. Court 2—Official, Gaulke 7:00—Ward 11 vs. Ward 4 7:16—Ward 10 vs. Ward 12. S^^Ward 11-x vs. Ward 9. Court 3—Official, Chapman 7:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon (A) vs. inner (Sigma Pi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa) (A). 7:16—Theta Chi vs. Winner (Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Sigma •Psi) (B). 8:26—Alpha Chi Rho vs, (Sigma Phi Epsilon vs, Tau Kappa Epsilon) (B).
SCOOP STORY OP THE YFAR The following is a copy of a letter received by a certain member of Delta Upsilon Fraternity ... it seems.to involve the secret passion that a certain Indiana co-ed has for our great football hero, MR. GEORGE BELL .. .
“Dear , I got MARY HATALA to write that poem to GEORGE BELL, but she wouldn’t sign her name. In fact she was furious. Tell GEORGE BELL her name, and get him to answer it. Be sure it gets in the Exponent. Here it is: TO MY FELLA By MARY HATALA I always dream of a man at Purdue, A strong bold hero; a handsome DU. After all these long years it seems That at last I’ve found the man of my dreams. I am always happy and cheerie When I’m thinking of you, my dearie. Oh! My loving GEORGE BELL Gosh! But I love you like h . I love your colors—^the blue and gold, (D.U. colors) I can see us together growing old, That loyal color—^that royal blue Oh, my GEORGE, will you be true? Dearest, I love you with all my heart; How can anything hold us apart? Just because we are from these two schools. Why should we both be such damn fools? I imagine us spending the evening dancing, And then, perhaps, a' little romancing. Oh, my darling, I dream of you all day long! How can I wait for those weddingbells to ring ding-dong? P. S. Please don’t forget me. M. H.”
Grand Opening Brand New Bonnets FOR SPRING $1.95 to $4.95 Every Perky New Style— Every Fascinating New Color— Every smart new fabric— Every Headsize—21 to 25 For flattering hats see
0 N S U M E R MILLINERY STORE
S
CLAIRE BURNETTE, Mgr. 313 Columbia Lafayette
TODAY—SATUBDAY Reginald Denny in “Midnight Phantom” ^ —and— * Bob AUen *TPhe Unknown Ranger” —nlns— Clyde Beatty in “Daricest Africa”
GRIN AND BEAfkiT
By Lickty
“That will be $600 for looking up your family tree, Mr. Fudworth, and—er —ahem, whatever you see fit to forget it.”
(Ed’s note—^the poem part of this letter was received by GEORGE BELL yesterday morning.) “Be sure that you send me a copy of the answer. Get GEORGE BELL to answer promptly. This is all I have to say now!!” “Signed” Oh! GEORGIE!... oh, ooo gweat bwig boootiful mans . . .
Sodas Malted Milk Sandwiches Huffman Drug Co. 305 State, W. L.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. ROBRRT 6. BISK DR. LUTHBR A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY Double Feature
—and—
»ithPJO$EPirCALLEIA ■ Ted healy
FAMILY TODAY—SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS Bob Allen “LAW OF THE RANGER” —ana— May Robson ‘"v “Woman in Distress”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
TODAY—SATURDAY
SPIES IN THE SKIES!
George Price in “Captain Blneblood’* Musical Revue
Pictorial Review
Aid
TODAY—SATUBDAY Big Double Feature A Thousand Heart Beats in Every Hoof Beat! A thrilling drama of the turf.
—Plus Second Feature— WHAT HIDDEN BARRIER KEPT THIS HUSBAND AND WIPE DIVIDED? . He grave her everything: money can buy ...but her heart was hungrry for semis thing: she dared not namel A picture without precedent . . . a picture every woman will want some man to see!
M ME yp mu GEORGE'BRENT Roland Young • Patric Knowles —Also— Wwtward Whoa—A CartoonI
( r;
Friday, February 19« 198?
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ICE CREAM
Drumsticks
Pints, 15c
Nut Roll Slice Brown Bar Quarts 25c
Oad^s Place
Handy
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US. Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT RALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
7:30 P. M. 6TH & FERRY
ALIEN’S
• '
Phone 2150
For The DANCE call a YELLOW CAB PHONES 5023 3071
YELLOW CAB CO.
423 Ferry Street
Lafayette
SALE! leather or SPORT Z5%0ff jackets
Sale begins — Wednesday, February 17, at 8:00 A. M. Shop Early—Take Your Choice from “Lafayette’s Finest Selection of Leather Jackets” DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
Swimming Team Defeats DePauw, 62-21 Squad Travels To Chicago This Morning; Whitcomb Returns Showing a superiority in all departments of the game, Purdue’s swimming squad took the count of the DePauw tankmen Wednesday night to the tune of 62-21. Paced by Tredwell, who placed in three events, the Boilermakers rolled up points almost at will in chalking up their second victory of the season. The team showed its strength by capturing both relays and taking first places in all events except one. They also won the first two places in five of the nine events, to boost considerably their point total. Whitcomb Back The outlook for the season has been considerably brightened by the apparent strength of the squad and by the return of Whitcomb to the ranks from which he has been absent so far this season because of ineligibiliy. Closson, who has also been absent due to ineligibilty, may also return to the team in the very near future. With these two men, who are both ace distance swimmers, the combine should go on through the rest of the season with fijdng colors. Continuing their strenuous schedule by traveling to Chicago this morning, the squad will face a full week-end of meets including one with Chicago this afternoon at 3:30 and another one with Armour Tech tomorrow afternoon. Results The results of the DePauw meet are as follows: 300 Yard Medley Relay—Won by Purdue (Tredwell, Carr, and Lahey). 220 Yard Free Style—^Won by Armstrong (P); second, Leslie (D); 60 Yard Free Style—^Won by Vernor (P); second, Wallace (P); third Yoyles (D). Diving—^Won by Craig (P); second, Treadwell (P); third Ross (D). 100 Yard Free Style—^Won by Stewart (P); second, Lahey (P); third, Voyles (D). 160 Yard Back Stroke—^Won by Tredwell (P); second, Jacobi (P); third, Smith (D). 200 Yard Breast Stroke—^Won by Carr (P); second, VanDelester (P); third, Lassman (D). 440 Yard Free Style—^Won by Leslie (D); second, Gillis (P); third Margan (D). 400 Yard Free Style Relay—"Won by Purdue (Armstrong, Stewart, Wallace, and Vernor).
ielder’s.... ....choice # ! By Bob Walpole —
And Captain Paul Vernor con^ tinues to set a sizzling swimming pace of eight first places in eight starts . . . two against the Hoosier A. C., two with Illinois, three at the Indiana dual meet, and one on Wednesday night at DePauw . —^fc— We heard yesterday . . . Johnny Sines was the west coast middleweight C. C. C. boxing champion , . . three years ago . . . —^fc— If Jewell Young continues on the wild pace that he has set for the first eight conference games he will have 193 points at the end of the
SCHOOL PANTS
A New Selection of SCHOOL PANTS PLAID SLACKS $3.48 CORDUROY PANTS
• FANCY • GREY • SENIOR
$2.98
OTHER WOOL PANTSl$1.98 to $3.98 Reliable Clothins Coi
twelve game streteh, or 26 more than the present record held by Northwestern’s Joe Reiff . . . however, Minnesota might slow Mm up since they have the best defensive record in the conference tMs year.. —f©— Keep your eye on the Gopher’s two sophomore forwards, Kundla and Addington tomorrow night . . . these two youngsters are providing most of Minnesota’s scoring punch ... and neither comes from Indiana . . . strange to say . . . —fc— We predict Illinois to lose at least one of their remaining conference
WITH SPRING Comes Thoughts of New CLOTHES Our new spring Lines are now ready for your approval— New Suits—New Topcoats — New Accessories — Everything New.
Geisler’s
games ... their defense <ni Menday night was very stnsilar to the first half of the wild-eyed game in which they nosed out the Boilermakers hy a 38-37 score., now the question remains, who is going to hnmp Min-1 nesota off after Pnrdne does the, trick tomorrow night... —fc— I The Boilermaker mermen will swim against Chicago in the Windy
City today, and agahmt Aitaom Tech, also In the Windblown Village, tomorrow,..
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN At* Big 5e Spanish BambatgerB and Real ChSi
Fashion Firsts White starched collars on solid colored shirts are going to be more in evidence this season than perhaps at any time in the past. The shirt, as shown above, may be of fine quality blue chambray,—green, gray, or mouse—^with two separate white collars. The white collar in contrast to the colored shirt and the Botany and Scotch Plaid tie gives just the right neckline relief and smart appearance. Lord Kenton shirts are priced at $2.00 and the Botany Ties are priced at $1.00. DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN, LAFAYETTE
'EVERY OFFICE NEEDS THIS'
$32.50 Automatic Feed...Rotary Stencil Duplicating Machine
For Clubs, Fraternities, Sororities and all Organizations... For Factories, Stores, Churches, Business Firms 10 EXCLUSIVE FEATURES: 1— Less working parts than any other duplicator on the market. 2— Size of Sheet: From Postcard to Legal Size Form. 3— Perfect Registration, 4— Raising or Lowering of Print. 5— ^Stripper. 6— inside Inking. 7— ^Adjustable to thickness of stock. 8— ^Speed of Automatic Feed— 3,000 Per Hour. 9— Prints to the very top of Post Card or Sheet. 10—Fully Guaranteed. A product of skilled engineering and specialized knowledge in the field of stencil duplicating machines. On demonstration at our store or in your home or office by appointment. NOTE: Check over this partial list of uses. You will be surprised how many forms you need that can be made quickly and economically in your own office.
Haywood’s retail DRPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Indiana Complete Office Outfitters
Some of the "Money Saving and Earning" Uses of this Machine: SHIPPING FORMS SHOP ORDERS INVENTORY LISTS STOCK LISTS PRICE LISTS POST CARDS <_ ANNOUNCEMENTS 4CIRCULARS 4SALES BULLETINS LETTERS OF ALL KINDS 4INSTRUCTION SHEETS 4PRODUCTION SCHEDULES CARTOONS <_ BLOTTERS <_ ROUTING SHEETS DEPARTMENT MEMOS PROMOTIONAL WORK 4ENVELOPES 4BARGAIN LISTS INSURANCE FORMS STATEMENTS 4LETTERHEADS <- HAND BILLS 4OFFICE FORMS 4RENTAL LISTS BILLHEADS MENU CARDS 4ORDER BLANKS
$V . '■Js
1.
. lA"" ' '
K'iif' 1?
1 f>‘
I'J!
4r Sir
fJ.K- A s4 ,> ^-''
THfi PtJRBU^J EX#ONl»Pt
We Sell
Parker Pens and Pencils R. a EiSENBACH
Jeweler and Op'tieian
S04 Main Street
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
BO-PEEP MKT.
For fancy meat, poultry, etc. We cater especially to fraternities and sororities^.
“^Take a Peep at Bo-Peep
95
215 t. STATE ST.
PHONE 2750
\
Friday and Saturday
No. 10 can Dole Pineapple |uice 63c No. 10 can Tomato juice 39c Campkell's College Inn or Richelieu No. 10 can Peach Jam 90c No. 10 can Pitted Cherries 69c No. 10 can Monarch Kraut 35c No. 10 can Apples 50c No. 10 can Apple Sauce 50c No. 10 can Richelieu Whole Kernel Golden Bantam Corn 69c
LUX & HUMPHREYS
317 STATE. W. L.
Phone 4028
aam.
If it's music you want—the classics that have come down through the years,—^you are sure to find your hearts desire in the Music Room of the Union Building.
It is for you that the Music Room has been originated, and it is for you that it is maintained. Make use of it!
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Corner of Campus—Confer of Aetivifies
Sportwomen To SpoiiBdi* Mixed Volleyball Game
Alpha Xi Delta sorority and Tri* angle fraternity will compete with Chi Omega sorority and Kappa Sigma fraternity in a mixed volleyball game tonight in the women's gymnasium bewteen the hours of 7:15 and 8:15. This event is a feature of the weekly mixed recreation sponsored by Purdue Sportswomen. The volleyball game resembles the mixed baseball game held last spring. While rooters witness the volleyball game, other sports may be played in the large gymnasium. Mary Humphreys and Georgia Halstead are the sportswomen in charge of tonight's recreation.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Home Cooking and economy that can't be beat
Ice cream and candy and friends you can meet—
All May Be Found At . . .
TOM’S ARMORY RESTAURANT
USE IT WITH ALL YOUR MEALS
and note the difference
***
Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
Shirts Well Laundered —<• And mended. Reasonable prices. P^one 65243.
Room For Rent—^Very desifable room with twin beds. Will accept services fof rent. Phone 66642.
For Sale—2 splendid well made tables for recreation rooms. Cost new, $4p. Bargain $6 to $10 each. Other recreation room furniture reasonable. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North 5th street.
Lost—A man’s black fountain pen. Name on barrel is Ross Dre-
ver. Call 6021. Reward.
Lost—Light brpwn topcoat with Sam'I Spiro & Co. name tab. Reward offered. Call M. E. Myers 6087.
For Rent—Ond-half double room, single bed. Eight dollars per month. 122 Pierce street. Phone 7764.
Lost—Schaeffer, black mottled fountain pen with name Edith V. McAfee, on it. Reward. Call 2423.
NOTICES
No notice* accopteil after 8 p. m.
Surveying—Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD.
Engineering Drawing Condition Examinations—A make-up examination for the removal of "Conditions” and “Incompletes” in engineering drawing, P. M. 11 and P. M. 12, will be given February 20, from 1 to 4 in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Bring permit for removal of “C” or “I.” —RISING.
Fraternities—Those fraternities whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
Co-eds—Co-eds may make personal appointments to interview Miss Maddock in the Dean of Women’s office. —JONES.
Guidons Third Regimept And B-2—There will be a rehearsal of all guidons for the carnival February 19 in Armory, from B to 6 p. m. All the guidons of each battery are urgently needed at this rehearsal, and should assemble promptly at that time; obtaining guidons from room 104. Any guidon who canont be present notify his battery commander immediately so that a guidon may be designated who can attend. One merit will be awarded for each extra attendance. —SINGER.
maiemmse
Bible» rootff A of the Memorial Union Building, Fdb.t«ar3r lO, at 7:80 p. m, Bvi^fy studetft ib cordially invited to cohie. Subject: ‘.Can We Coihrtiutie With The Dead?” —ZILliGBR,
Baptist Students—^Annual foreign student bamluet at 6 p. m. in church, February 10. —SOHATZUBY.
Cadet Officers Imncheon Comniftte^— Important meeting February 19, at 4 p. m. in Cadet Officers’ room, —MURRAY.
Flood Relief—^All students who have been
affdfetej by the lieobfif fibbds ^ to report to the Bean of Men’s office Immediately. By so doing, they will farnisn the information necessary fOr thC Versliy to make proper ufee Of the Federal Relief funds which have ben set abide fof the Assistance of those who have suffered losses. _ —FISHER.
Fhi Tau Sig%ia—-Actives will bowl the honoraties at the Lafayette Bowling alleys, February 20, at 1 p, m. —WATT.
Silver Mask-Meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. February 19. —ANTUeSHKO.
CRIEPMAN'C ■ FINE POODS W
8i!h and Main Ldldyett^
PHONES 30^1 & 3022—WE iJEUVIBB
\
RIPE IN STYLE " " SAFETY
COMFORT
2151 PHONE 2151
DE LUXE CAB CO. RADIO EQUIPPED
Theta Alpha Phi—Very important meeting in Playshop office in the Memorial Union Building February 19 at 4 p. m. —CALLIS.
P. I. A. Band—Practice at 7:00 p. m. February 19 in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. —FRAIM.
W. A. A. Basketball—4:00 Chi Omega vs. Alpha Xi in large gym; Ward 2 vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma in small gym: 4:80 WRH vs. Ward 1 and Ward 4 in large gym; Ward 3 vs. Alpha Chi Omega in small gym. —SHAFFER,
Newman Club—Regular meeting Sunday February 21, following 9:30 mass at St. Marys Church. —CARTON.
Singing Chorus—Rehearsal at 4 p. m. in the tower room. Please be prompt. —RIETH.
Reamer Club—^Meeting February 22 at 8 p. m. in the Union Building. All active members are required to be present. —BUXTON.
Union Workers—The following members of my committee please meet in tbeTlall in front of the Union office at 4:10 o’clock, Friday, February 19; Harper, Jacobs, Keck, Rudolph, Doyle, J. Forgey, Patch, M. Groves, R. McConnell, B. L. Page, R. L. Oblinger, H. Nevison, J. M. Rice, H. W. Nervin, B. P. Mulhettt, P. M. Morgan, E. L. Molyoker, O. Miller, W. C. Mertz, N. B Harruff, Margaret Crankshaw, Joanne Edson, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McLaughlin, Margaret Schatzinger, Georgeanne Schilling, Georgia Walker. —CLAYPOLE.
Union Workers—Freshman and sophomore , members of our committees will please- meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. on February 19. —SHEETS, PFORZHEIMER, STALLINGS.
Basketball Ushers—Report at Jeff Gym] by 6:46 for next two games. —HUGHES.
P. I. A. Dance Class—Will meet promptly at 7 p. m. February 19, in the faculty lounge. —BUTCHER.
THE ARROW HABIT
Once you’ve tried Arrow; shirts and ties, we know you’ll be an Arrow customer for life. Our selection this season tops any we’ve ever had before — Be sure and drop ih today. Arrow Shirts $2 and more Arrow Ties 61, $1.50
Hersey’s
124 N. Sixth St. Opposite the Mars
THERE'S NO MISTAKING THAT FINE HOME-BAKED FLAVOR
That Graves' impart to bakery goods.
Graves’ Quality Bakery
Cateri]ng to Fraternitiea and Sororitieb
See the New Edition of the Trump at SOUTHWORTH’S
A new edition of Trump
Fuy this best seller for genuine shirt safisfactibH. Arrow’s NEW trump has everything — a' new soft j collar in a durable fabric that will actually outwear the shirt — and that’s a long, long time. The body is Mitoga cut and tailored in the Arrow way. In white broadcloth — all sizes. . . . Two dollars.
Mitoga—‘tailored to fit Sanforized Shrunk
ARROW* SHIRTS
We Carry a Full Line of Arrow Shirts
UJli w JCii 11 JuJri o