Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVn
KUMEER 84.
Test Case On Honesty Reaffirmed
Student
^ade 1a Co
Copying Hand^pk In the first case of the come before the Committee on the Promotion of Hehesty, a student was given a “G” grade in labora' tory work for having submitted reports which contained material that was copied from the student handb6ok. The decision was referred to the Executive Committee of the University and was recently aflirm.ed by that body at its last meeting. Testimony by one instructor and two senior students reyealed that several pages had been copied verbatum and credit had not been given to the Source from which it was obtained. Effort had been made by the instructor in charge to eliminate such ocourances in previous courses, and this case was submitted as a test from which future decision's would be derived. When an example has been set and a ver diet rendered on a “type” case, the dean of men or women do not refer such instances to the committee. The heads of schools and departments may also treat their individual problems; without referring
them to other sources. Considerable Debate
Considerable debate was held be fore the final decision on the case was ^rendered. It was argued that one student should not be given flunking grade and held up as an example to all students when the same misdemeanor Was prevalent in most laboratories on the campus. No misrepresentation was intended, another argued, when three pages were copied from a source that should be familiar to the in-
structor in charge.
Mimeographed sheets had been passed out to students during previous laboratory work explaining the requirements and stating, that all material not in its original form must give due credit to the source. A motion to award a “D” in the course was lost as was another which sought to dismiss the proceedings. Another forwarded the penalty of throwing Out the copied reports and requiring the repetition
of the experiments.
52 Students Enroll In Vegetable Course '
Fifty-two students enrolled in the Vegetable Growers / Short Course at the University this week are studying the fundamentals in vegetable production and marketing with emphasis placed on crops
tbat are (ff commercial: m
in Indian^ , The winter course in
vegetaMe gardemng uUder tlm
rectioh of PrO£ E. C. Stair of the Horticultural staff considers during the week, ten different courses including, “India,na Horticulture”, “How Plants Grow’’> “Applied Psychology”, and others that are intended primarily for the ihdividiml who has had little previous garden-
ing experience.
WSGA Plans To Amend Constitution Mass Meeting February 12 To Hear Proposed
Show Tryouts Will Continue Cmt And Chorus Of 84 To Be Chosen This Aft’ernoon And Tomorrow Final tryouts for the Student Union show “Carmita” will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock and tomorrow in the Tower room of the Union. A cast and chorus of 84 will be chosen from the applicants. No definite selections have been made as yet and additional talent is still in demand. Three distinct choruses, one of singers only, one of dancers, and one of singers and dancers, will be Used so that students accomplished in either of these fields or in both are eligible for
places.
Applicants for speaking parts in the show will meet in the Tower room tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 at which time those interested will be given a trial in suitable characterizations, Bob Fuller, president of the Student Union, described the present interest as “very good” and expressed the hope that the student body would continue to contribute actively to the show.
Several important amendments to the W. S. G. A. constitution and by-laws will be presented to the coeds by the executive board at th e regular mass meeting of the organization in the Memorial Union building at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 12. Following the meeting freshman co-eds Will elect two representatives for the executive board for the second semester. Suggested changes in the constitution include a change in the organization of the executive board and a change in the time of installing new members of the judicial
board.
:,V4Change in Committees In the by-laws, various standing committees will be added hnd some eliminated. While a change in the make-up of the committee for nominating ofiicers will he suggested. This committee, if revised, will include a faculty membery who will be without voting power, three seniors, including the. president, with the chairmanship to be held (Continued on page 4) ;
“Bank-Nite”
To Mixer Program According to the latest indica'tions the Student Memorial Union is going theatrical.' The mixer for this Saturday night is going to be conducted on a “bank-nite” plan!, Each person attending the mixer will Weite/his name bfi a slip of paper as he enters the door. Later a drawing will be held, and the person Whose name is drawn first will receive a cash prize of fiye~dollars. The person whose name is draWp next will receive a booby prize.; (jhicfc Myers and hie recording orchestra will play for the dancey which will be held at the regular time—-9 o’clock, and at the regula-r
price—one dollar.;
Abbott, CisseU, Kreiser Named Regimenitd Com* manders $ Competition Very Close E. G; Robbins, a senior in the school of scien<!e, will retain his position as brigade commander of the University R. O. T* G. unih during the se(km(l semester, accoi^ng t(j an anhehiiie^
,’il, ■ S' ' ..v-
S8i
Band To Play For Net Fans , 9B^Piece Group To Present College Songs And Melodies
Will Irwin To Talk Here Distinguished Author Will Address University ConvocationFeb-11
Shortage Of Technical Workers Reported Montclair, N. J.-—(ACP)—Amer-ican business and industry faces “a terrible shortage of technically trained men,” according to the recent statement of Dr. Harvey N, Davis, president Of Stevens Institute of Technology. Among general non-technical industries in particular, he said, the demand for engineering school graduates far exceeds the supply. “The employment situation definitely broke for Stevens alumni early last spring,” Dr. Davis said. “Ninety-six per cent of the graduates of the six depression classes 1930 to 1935, are employed, close to what one would expect in normal times. For last Jime’s seniors, the figures are 91 per cent employed and more jobs have been turned down than there are men left.” He stated that general business concerns of a non-technical nature are showing an increased preference for graduates of technical schools. “In the boom years mosj: of our graduates ,were absorbed by the utilities,” he explained. “Now, however, all the men we can supply are being taken by general Indus try, and I don’t know what we’ll do when the utilities come back.”
SENIOR MECHANICALS
Representatives of the General Electric Company will meet all senior mechanical engineers who are planning to interview oificials of that company for positions in room 207 of the Mechariical Engineering Building at 4 p. m., Monday, February 3. ^G. A. YOUNG
Gotton Consultant Gives Fashion Talk Miss Catherine EloiSe Cleveland, consumer consultant on the staff of the Cotton Textile Institute in New York, spoke on “Fashions in Cotton for Apparel and the Home” yesterday at 4 o’clock in the auditorium of the Home Economics building. The lecture, which was attended by townspeople as well as students and faculty members, was illustrated by students modeling wearing apparel of cottony including beach wear, lounging robes, sports clothes, street dresses, gingham raincapes, and evening gowns. At the back of the auditorium was an exhibit entitled “Leap Year Cot tons”, among which several new fabrics were presented. Miss Cleveland pointed out interesting facts about each garment and fabric. This morning at 9 O’clock, Miss Cleveland will deliver another talk, using the same theme. The lecture will be open to the public.
‘‘Emergency Use” Forms Added To R, R. Tickets Addition of the two forms on the registration “railroad ticket” headed “For Emergency Use” was necessitated in order to have handy information in case of accidents. One file of the cards is now in Dean Fisher’s office while the other has been placed at the Memorial Union desk. The file contains the name and home address of every student and staff member in the University,
Will Irwin, self-styled “just an all-round writer”, will give the third lecture of the all-University convocation series in Eliza Fowler Hall February 11. “Tainted Truth” will be his subject for the evening. Mr. Irwin has distinguished himself as an author, editorial observer, and international correspondent. In thirty years of authorship, he has published almost every sort of literary composition known to man -—novels, innumerable short stories, magazine and newspaper feature articles, a play or two, and even a
book of verse. Free Lancer
During the past number of years Mr. Irwin has been a free-lance writer. Lately, his feature articles, in the leading newspapers throughout the country, concerning gangsters and gangsterism have attract ed widespread attention. Mr. Irwin has long been a favorite with audiences, with his convincing manner and his faculty of going to the heart of things in his discussions. He combines the narrative powers of the true reporter with the logic, mentality and philosophy of the trained editorial writMr. Irwin was the founder of the Authors’ League of America, the professional union of his craft, and he has served on its executive council for many years. He is president of the American center of the P. E. N. Club, international association of literary men and Women^ He wears the French Legion Of Honor and the Belgian Orders of King Albert and Queen Elizabeth.
As an added feature of the five remaining home basketball: games, the 90-piece University band will present a special program of mnsical selections before each game and in between the halvesi^ beginning with the Chicago game tomorrow night. Starting the program fifteen minutes before game time, the band will play college songs and march melodies from musical shows, sUch as “Your Land and My Land” from Sigmund Romberg’s “My Mary-
land”.
Selections During the intermission between halves, the band will play a group of selections from Vincent Youman’s “No, No, Nannette” tomorrow night at the Chicago game, and between halves of the Ohio State game on Monday night will play selections from Ivan Caryll’s “Jack O’Lantern”. Both shows have enjoyed unusual success on the stage, and the hit songs are among the nation’s most popular. Since Christmas, the band has added two new snare drums to its percussion equipment. The drums, which Were made by the Leedy Company in Elkhart, are of special construction, embodying all the latest improvements, including Broadway floating head and heavy chromium plated hardware. The drums are exactly similar to those used by the Goldman band, Frank Simon band, and the Marine and Navy bands in Washington.
AgsHear Pro!. Hall
GE Officiids To Aisiiilere
1iV. R. Abbott, R. F. Cissell, an(l U. G, fe
other ap^intments as
colonels. Each ^11 serve as a
regimental commander.
Several changes in rank Were made as a result of last sernesters work. Representatives of the University military staff stated that competition was yei^ close, especially for the higher ranking positions. The contest for brigade commander between Cadet Colonels Robbins and Abbott was decided in the former’s favor by a margin of
one-tenth of one point.
Additional appointments, according, to rank, were announced as fol-
lows:
Cadet Lieutenant Colonels b. C. Burnham, F. J. Voss, R. B Klopfenstein, W. W. Glenny, E. D. Lynch, M. W; Braatz, R. A. Brayton, R. C. Fuller, W. H. Chambers, W. R. Rothenberger. Cadet Majors W. L. Crouch, R. A. Fenoglio, H. V. Hiett, F. W. Stone, L. B. Ritchey, (Continued on page 4)
Labor H a n d 1 i n g Discussed Before Wi n t e r Course Studeuts
Wisconsin Professor
Knighted By Italian King Dr. Joseph Louis Russo, professor of Italian at the U. of Wisconsin, was recently created knight of the Crown of Italy* by King Victor Emmanuel, for his distinguished service in the field of Italian literature and language. Dr. Russo is well known as an authority on this Subject, having taught and lectured
along with two references which ter the last twenty-four years at
should be called in case of serious disorders. , 4 This information was found lacking several years ago when a faculty member became seriously ill and no one could be reached to supply the information that was needed. An attendant is oii duty at all times at the Union desk, and all the necessary information can be ob-
tained there.
various universities in this country. He has written four Italian books and is now preparing a fifth.
Prof. Johnsoii Will Speak On Current Plays February 6 . Prof., Gertrude Johnson, of the speech department of the University of Wisconsin, will speak at the annual guest day program of the Purdue Women’s Club on February 6, in the Memorial Union ballroom. Professor Johnson, who is known as one of the most outstanding women in the field of interpretation and dramatic reading, will review and discuss current plays, both musical and dramatic. Among the plays which she will review are “The Dead End”, “First Lady”, “Boy Meets Girl”, “Pride and Prejudice”, “Winterset”, “Libel”, “The Tamin% of the Shrew” “Remember the Day”, “Victoria Re gina”, and-the musicals “Porgy and Bess”, “At Home Abroad”, and
“Jubilee”.
Tea will be served in the faculty lounge after the program, which will be preceeded by a luncheon at which Professor Johnson will be guest of honor. The meeting is in charge of the Literature and Drama sections of the Purdue Women’s Club. Dr. Harriet O’Shea and Mr and Mrs. B, Kenn Carmichael will entertain Professor Johnson during
her visit.
"Among the chief promoters of good will and growing efficiency are fairness, sympathy, and square dealing,” said Prof. 0. F. Hall, pro-^ fessor of sociplogy, in his address on “Psycho - Sociological Suggestions for Handling Labor” yesterday before the Winter Course Students in
Vegetable Gardening.
The problem of handling labor really begins with the selection of the men employed, according to Professor Hall, and men who may appear equal and alike are, more often than not, functionally different.. Before selecting men for any worthwhile task, employers should make a sort of job analysis in order to know just what kind of traits or skill they need for best results
^ Kinds of Labor
“In terms of Service value, these differences are,nn the main, mental and muscular. The value of such mental qualities as obedience, thoughtfulness* good judgment, and trustworthiness is apparent in every situation. On the other hand, the value of muscular skill and efficiency may vary greatly. In one situation it may be finger skill aiid accuracy; in another it may be combination of mental and physical alertness; while in still another it may be sheer physical endur ance,” stated Professor Hall. “Each individual has some traits ' qualities which differ more or
tei^ew Senior Eiigl-
neers ,:
Four representatives of the General Mectaric Company will be on the campus Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock to discuss employment problems and develoments in the iresearch laboratoiy, according to an aimouncemeht yesterday by Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the University school of electrical engineering. The meetihg will be open to senior engineers* particularly electricals, and is scheduled for room 2^ of the Mechanical. Engineering Building.
Will Discuss Omditions
Messrs. Mullin, Allen, Adams and Tumy, all prominent field and contact men with the General Electaric Company, will compose the group. At the meeting, the men will discuss present economic conditions in the electrical engineering field, possibilities of employing men, the type of Work required in their organization, and the research and other work which is being done in
electrical engineering. Senior Gonferencea
These representatives will be available for conferences with seniors interested in employement with General Electric all day Tuesday. At this time, they will talk to the students individually, discussing the type of work available for beginners and individual problems. All seniors interested in securing employment with the organization are urged to attend the meeting and arrange for a conference.
less from every other individual, and wise is the employer who takes this basic fact into consideration,”
concluded Professor Hall.
FRESHMEN
Freshmen desiring to work on Exponent business staff report to Exponent office Monday, Feb. 3, at 4 p. m*
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Phi Kappa Phi fratemty announces. the pledging of L. K. Grove, South Bend; H. J. Homeym', Chicago, HI,; and D. H. Spring,
Wauwatosa, Wls.
Eddie Ma^ Browne Will
Give Concert Sunday
Eddie Mae Browne, violin soloist will be featured with the University Concert Choir Sunday, February 16 at 4 o’clock at the Presbyterian church in Lafayette. Proceeds frpm the performance will be contributed toward a scholarship fund for Miss Browne, in order that she may continue her study under Hugh
McGibboney of Indianapolis.
Miss Browne, an accomplished violinist, has played solo numbers in connection with the Glee Club and Concert Choir for the past four years. Voluntary contributions will be taken for the benefit of the fund which was originated several yea,r3 ago by the Lafayette Edgewood Club. H. Kenn Canniciiiael ia chairman of the committee in
charge of arrangements.
iNewman Club To Frolic Tonight , Gay farmers and farmerettes will literally slide into the Union ballroom for the Newman Club’s annual Barnyard Frolic tonight. Much hilarity will be in evidence as overall bedecked couples swing to the rhythms of Oiwal Wray’s popular campus band. The ballroom and the Sweet Shop will be decorated to carry out the general motif. The large slide, used for the first time last year, will again be present. Tickets, on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Deckers, and at the Union desk, are priced at $1.08 The eight cents, it is claimed, is a nuisance tax. Those in Attendance are requested to wear any costume suggestive of the farmyard. A prize will be; given for the outstanding
costume.
Mayo Joims University Extension Staff Henry Mayo, graduate of the Minnesota School of Agricultrae, has just accepted a position as extension specialist on the animal husbandry staff at the University. While ni-^ending the Minnesote College of Agriculture, Mr. Mayo specialized in animal husbandry and was graduated in 1934. Since graduation he has spent a year and a half as county agent of Olmstead comity in his home state.
EXPONENT ^AFF
All members of the editorial, co-ed; and sports staffs wfift meet in room 1, Memorial Union Building, at l:3ff Saturday afternoon. Second semester working assignments will be made at that time. A faR at* tendance is expected. . BPBBSEE*:-/-''::
( „ I'!-
I
Hail*^^'’1 I ^ , I
1986-1936 Member Associated Collegiate l^ess COli^l A^D^fiST
l^ter ^ ^ss Aswciafibn;, Big fen Bditoritd: AsMdatioa Kxdntfyely Beprtiseiii;^ by National Advertising Service, tnc. 426 Madison Avenue, New Yorit City
« Snteged aS ieeond class inattrt- at the liost office, ]L.sdayette, Indi^& ipellvcr^ by $fc60 year; delivered by cartier^ $2;B) pW year ; stdd by single c<^y,; 2 Cents;
BosinesS: Phone 6688
main CFFlGE^lS Nbrtli fifth Stimrt
Editorial Phone 6687
Wt I 1 1 '^f I
Managing Bditor. Associate Editors.
BDfrCBtAli StAff
•ja. V. Heuser
, , ..6. H. CanipbeU
A. M; Chasteeni ;e. M.:;Hordin,( W. T. Hiinti B. H. Morris, M G. Walther
Associate Sports Editor8..»..»„.............. „.™..'....-..;.i). P. Muil,,.M H. "Wtilpble,. L, D.' Wood; Sophomore AssistantS....!.....^-.„......K. A* Batnette,. j. 'E. Brock, R^vIj. Cribbj Ai H. Forster,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R, P.. Manion, !D. M. Meacham, C. ;Ii; SMier
Q. P. Roquemore, R. C. Schencfc, J. Li VonHarz
Bold and Black Editog.-.—.....-......... R. Abbott ""■ ■■ ■'■■■ ^ BCSINESS STAFF W
........W. A. Koch
H. F. Antonini, .. .L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller
i....... ....R. J. Btulse
J. G. GirarA G- B- Shields ..Helen Creech, Edna Hntsbn, Ellen Mann
..Josephine Perkins
Business Manager.. Advertising Msnaser„
Advertising Assistants..
Circulation Manager...
Circulation Assistants-
Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager..
Editor.. Associate Editors Advertising Manager..
WOMEN’S STAFF : Joyce Williams .Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ........Josephine Perkins
Friday, January 31, 1936.
Issue Editor—4. L. von Harz.
A Test Case On Honesty—
Where Is The Dividing Line? The decision of the student-faculty Committee on the Promotion of Honesty on a test case which is described on the front page of this issue should be given campus;wide publicity and the case should be re-tried in the minds of each student and staff member. There is a definite need for some standardization of requirements and permissible usage in the
various departments and schools.
In the one instance under consideration, a staff member
appeared before the committee and outlined his problem. It has been his endeavor during previous years to eliminate from laboratory reports any material which was hot original with the student concerned. He had passed outmimeographed sheets of instruction to students in previous laboratory work, explaining that all material taken from written sources should be given due credit in the form of a reference.
The student liad copied three pages verbatum from the
handbook and had not given reference to his source, but neither had he disguised this entire mass of writing so that it would resemble original work. According to the facts presented, there were two possible sources from which the needed material could be gathered—-from the laboratory instructor' or from printed material in the form of other students’ reports or the text. According to the defendant and other students who have been personally questioned, the former was impossible and the latter was the usual source in
the instance of most students taking the course,
. Some line must be drawn defining the point at which honesty ends and dishonesty begins. From the decision that was given, copying directly is a misdemeanor, but would the decision have been the same had the student used the material which he copied but had set it down in different words? Would it make any difference if he had read over the material, and had thei^ written his report, bearing in mind the
things he had read?
To dismiss the case eritriely would give this questionable work a stamp of approval for the future, and surely this should not be done. But the decision as presented has sev-
jr advice for today—she STALLS, Wing her to the fiaTnyard Frolic. Drop me a line if it works (McPherson). Petie Has a little man With liver white as snow, ' And' WWytiling^ WyA;/ ' is'pretty —Light. ... and since ‘‘lihp” is' leaving schobl, we’ll M him finish off the cblumn vdth a bang . . . take it away. Flip. X equals Y, up equals dbwh, and fraternity pins are still playthings. With four Thetas dbihg the straight arm recently it looks like it’s the turnover, hot the inventbry, that counts. Tch, tch! Thetas just DON’T DO that. Walking past the local courthouse the other day we heard radio music pouring out of one of the WPA boy’s trucks. They laughed when Hoover cried for a chicken in every pot, watch them break into a buck and wing when the prodigals start promoting “Radios, Relief, and Roosevelt. ■ A cad ' ' , Who cheats A brute .Who beats ' ’ :.. A dope Who drinks A ffirt Who falls A stooge \ Who stalls
Gosh
I love that guy. —Tintinete. As you spill your morning coffee over this page we will be preparing to leave this forsaken spot for that garden spot that has come to be known as Chicago. We would rather be a little frog in a big puddle than a fish at Purdue. We’ll probably miss these cloistered walls, these tender traditions, these chiseling co-eds, and Fuller’s pronouns. Tallyho! See you Homecoming.
Ai; one oi me recent styie ^nows in New York, a jury of twenty-five college' boys was asked to give, a verdict on the costumes they saw. The models came forth gorgeously arrayed in all types of frbcks, suits' and coats. And the one that won their approval was a gray chiffon evening frock, with a tiny shoulder Cap8't)f squirrel. It was charming, soft and feminine. But there were no superfluous details. And it was not an obvious, dashing outfit. Just
a most becbming one!
^here’s a ihbral to this sfibrj^ fbt everything ybu webr a^ you want to look attractive to college men, be simply dressed and make up with just enough accent to look charming—riiot enough to be bbyious. The young men of today are sensible about beauty care. They don’t object to a natural, glowing tone of lipstick like the new terra cotta. But they do object to streaks of vermilliori or purplish red. They won't mind if you use mascara every day of your life— but they do not approve of a stucktogether spiky effect around your eyes. And while they dislike a shiny nose, they don’t want to see you pull out a compact every five minutes either!
Since these requirements meet the standards of beauty and good taste, you ought to follow them for your own sake as well as for the sake of your popularity. There are many liCw lipstick shades that are vibrant, glowing and flattering, without a trace of purplish undertones. You can apply mascara so that it looks natural, by doing it carefully, and brushing the lashes afterward with a clean brush. You Can get a special lotion for shiny nose, if that is your difficulty, that will overcome the cause of oiliness, and give your skin a smooth mat finish.
New Yovk—(AGP)—You think you’d like to marry monek, but the Chances are that when you Come to a decision you won’t much care. At least '’this attitude is indicated in a six-year survey of the problem just completed by Dr. Ray Erwin Baber, professor of sociology in New York University. Dr. Baber, who conducts a course at the> university’s Washington Square College entitled “Marriage and Family Life,” interviewed 642 college students and 220 parents on the matter of choosing a marriage partner. The students, 821 youiig men and 321 young women, declared that economic status was a matter of small concern when it came to selecting a mate, since 93 per cent of the men said they would marry a girl of lower ecbnbraiC rank tMn their own and 82 per cent of the women were of the same opihibn. Not so Triany of the 220 parents (105 fathers and 115mothers) took the same view of the question. Sixty-six per cent of the fathers declared they Would be willing to allow their daughters to marry a person of lower economic rank and 69 per cent of the mothers agreed; On the question “would you marry a person of lower mpral standards than your own ?” 20 per cent Of both the men and women replied affirihatively. Fifty-eight per cent of the men and 42 per cent of the wonieh would marry outside their own faith, while on the qiuestioh of intelligence, the men voted 76 per cent in favor of a Ijess intelligent mate, 18 per. cent of the women.
fiast'Sidb
’ ViuRSITY CAB
-..A?..!.;/,'"'-.. ■ ■•'.I.--! .-.'1." ■■-j.-..-I-r
a typewnteVA
Astronomer Hunts ^%ouMe Stmrs— .
Dr, Harry E, Crull, professor of astronomy and assistant director
First: Olie student has been singled out and is being held 1®^ the Griffith planetarium, is eh
up as an example by which all others are to profit. The hundreds of others who copy some work during a school year and do not credit it are merely spectators while one student is the entire show. Second: Had the incident occured in a different departmentor a different school, the case would have never reached the committee. It is common practice by some instructors, to require students to re-Write reports when work of a similar nature is also received. There is a need for standardization. K work is rewritten in one instance, why should a flunking grade be awarded in another ? Third: Too much publicity is awarded the name of the person that is brought before such sessions. From the members of the staff in the department concerned it goes to the Honesty Committee and from there it goes to: the Executive Committee of the University. The minutes of this Committee are mimeographed and distributed to the faculty. After that, why not put it on the bulletin boards? Unless a professor is unusual, two strikes will be recorded against a name when it appears in a class roll after such proceedings have occured. This last objection has brought another recent development in the recording of such incidences on the registrar’s record. F'ormer students who are now seeking employment find it hard or impossible to gain work when the prospective employers ask the University for the^ades and the students’ records are returned with notes which say, “Dropped from course because of cheating in examination.” The argument is that they have been penalized and have paid the penalty. Now why continue the penalty through the rest of a man’s life and keep a shadow over his character? A special committee has been appointed to advise concerning a possible
change.
Some members of the Student Senate have become intensely interested in the question of honesty among students, and they Wve requested that this case be reviewed anonymously at the next meeting of that body. If it is, their conclusion will make an interesting comparison with the present decision. Whatever is done, there is surely a need for a “meeting of the minds” as to what is honest and what is not, and a need for standardization on the campus concerning penalties.
gaged in a hunt for “double stars,” queer sky twins twirling ponderously billions of miles in space at the fringe of the solar system, with a
new 15-inch telescope.
“Double stars are stronge startwins involving about one out of every four stars,” explained Dr.
Grull.
“One revolves about the other. If we could explain how they occur in the universe, we’d have made a long step toward accounting for the nature of space.” Night after night, Dr. Crull squints at the known double stars. First, he is rechecking the measxirements of the distance between the twins of double stars already discovered, then he will swing the telescope to new regions for discoveries of his own. So distant are the double stars that their light takes 16 years or more to reach his telescope. Many of the stars he is watching are 96 trillion miles or more out in space. The Griffith telescope magnifies them 500 times It seems to be the general consensus of opinion among astronomers that any discoveries made by Dr. Crull in this vast exeprimental project will be of utmost import ance in charting stellar phenomena”. In the meantime. Dr. Crull will continue his lectures at the plantetarium, which is open to the public, and his instruction on campus, al so supervising the construction of an artificial comet to be flashed on the dome of the planetarium sometime next spring.
Therp-is lio beauty rite you practice that won’t be a little bit improved with more attention to det?iil. The college boys’ verdict if applied now, will make it easier for you to win approval when you leave
college.
Pnrdiae Women’s Club Meets In Unloii ‘Pertinent Political Questions” was the subject of an informal discussion at a meeting of the Current History group of the Purdue, Women’s Club held yesterday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Mrs. W. E, Howland spoke on “The Townsend Plan”; Mrs. A. A. Potter discussed “Relief Appropriations”; and Mrs. H. F. Girvin spoke to the group on “Neutra:lity”. Short discussions followed each review. . Mrs. Arthur Messenger, chairman of the group, was in charge of the meeting.
WATCH KEPAIRMG Main. Spring, Jewels, Cleaning $1.00 up . All Work Guaranteed One Year : , HEEB SIMS
223 Main St.
Lafayette
TODAY
SATURDAY
HOOT GIBSON in “FRONTIER JUSTICE” ROGER PRYOR - JOAN PERRY “CASE OP THE MISSING: MAN” “ADVENTURES OP REX and RINTY*'
An AGP reports says, “Purdue has restricted all ca,mpus driving.” Don’t we know it !
A city is a place where everybody goes oil sleeping when the fire whistle blows at night.—Oklahoma Daily.
College is like a washing machine: you get out of it just what you put it. But you’d never recognize it.—Oklahoma Daily.
many men rush to help a good looking woman when she has car trouble?—Daily Trojan.
Iowa Wins Tax Decision From Government The federal government is faced with the loss of $1,000,000 in taxes on football receipts through a decision by the Federal District Court at Des Moines in favor of the University of Iowa. The ruling hinged on the right of the treasury to collect taxes from a state owned institution. The revenue department is expected to appeal the verdict.
family TODAY - SATURDATT B i C K F:0 R b
iRINTiNG
SUDDEN
SERVICE ^ ^
Office Stationery
Wedding Invitation}
PHONE -
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 4b8rERRy
HfiHci mm
An iiiTitliig Dance Studio We offer you one of the -firiest dancing school in Indiana. It . makes instruction . a greater pleasure than you realized. New Beginners’ Glass In Social Dancing for Adults Opens Wed., Feb. 12, 7:30 p. m. New advanced class Peb. 14 ALLEN’S 6th & Perry
TODAY - SATURDAY /Only this girl could spring the trap on the new underworld terror I
fev «8a« veiew eiogs mtmS SeeieSv's ws®s« leateti raoiniiii noniKL with . * MOemM HUPSOIf ; Cesar , lameyo ^ Mmea Cali@4
■ Plus
Henry Armetta “CARNIVAL DAYS”
umA TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
HIS gM FROM PmOM BROUGHTIOVE’S REWARD! /
mMwm
lie
fllNt
•A Columbia ,, PiaurLt
HER SON WASN'T BORN A gentleman- piilifi but hsr mothttly lovd and . lavinjf made him ona..l ‘A HAlilR 3* WB« M ATH \1l Panto LORD Basil RAMONE / \ . LouisHAVWARO WaailyBARRIE% i Miio nunKEi. j
, The finest portable typewriter in fh.e world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in qcjipA A Irtily universal |ypewrjfer--fe>r:pti'^ sonol Or office use. Yet costs no more than on ordinary pQrtohle with sirnilor equipitient. Convenient payments if you wish. . , *65
SMITH-CORONA
—-as they soy at the Beaux Arts—[ust platn Red and Black down on the farm—Brick Red and .Blcick^—in Higgins' American Orawino Inks. A great pair to draw to> -^r with. The sixteeit Higgins' Colors give a full house Ihot you can djways bank on. CHAS. M. filGGINS « CO., Inc. S71 Ninth St. Brooklyn, N. V, HIGGINS' . • American:’ ■ DRAWING "INKS
AATEST SHAPES
*1
FINEST BRIAK MONEY
CAN BUY
UNHEARD OF VALUE
MIMCO . (mvrairrBi)) 'STiia aimpla apiteas. ^ ing vaft . aHmasfag ^ absorbe Spa ventioQ with Cslfei phane exteriOF cooling roeeb sogsoa interior keepsMa^ and flakes In FilteE and ontofmoaDla. Prevents tongtas /bite, raw moutlk , wet heel, baci 1 odor, frequent \ expectoration, ^ INo breaking in.lmprovee ^ thetasteand aromaofanv
\ tobacco.
mAl GIFT!: RECOMMENDED BV .MlLoOMS'
I 0FUSERS
.wiBiiirreiaii A —4deal dmiTadoDs for w car or grip—iiow free! AvthentiG .designs; eadi pennant bears official seal of each University in grotq>. Now given with eadh Aotopoint or REalms pendL Seven 10-pen- ' nant^sets altogether; each set different; collect them am See Aotopoints and Realites today, with the exclusive easier-writing Grip-Tip and modem simplified mechanism that always works. Leads can’t wobble. All sizes, styles, colors, 25c to $3, AT ALL leading DEALERS datopmnt fihe9JBettgf Pencil, ’ New York—(ACP)-i-Pr^di6ti4)il8 -
/.'i >• o'M 'I Mt -Ji^.■ • -L
.tlmt ititevcioile^ate footbaill as it iixists today ‘%ill be dead ,m 1&42”
rs ovet the perexmial problems of d'thletic subsidizia^oh dud {Spectator drunkenness markbd the close of ilie hectic 1936 gridiron season. The! "slow whistle"* increased use 6f laterals, side-line rules, gambling^ the^ blacklisting, of officials and k lifovement tp put the posts back on the goal-line furhishei^ inino!t KOddaches at coaches’ conferences hefd.
You DaiiOe?
Take advahtage by ^itroll!ing.fnfOUr:.io.:'r'
February Oasses ■ : Beginners’ tPpens ' .: Fob. Ifl, 7:30 p, mi.
V ...AdVanO^ Opens'.' Friday, Feb. 14, 7:30 p. m. 6th & Ferry
Outstodittg among 1936 developments was the forthright approval of paid athletes by two big southern conferences, the Dixie and Southeastern'. A marked tendency to follow suit was noticeable all oyer th'e
country.,,
The Dixie Conference voted that room, board and tuition were no more than an athlete ought to get for his tebors on the playing field, and Southeastern mdde a sudden decision in favor' of above-bodfd athletic scholarships. Despite importance of the move, little excitement was evident -in the com' ment that followed. It was generally recognized that the southern schools were merely legalizing and admitting a common imder-cover
practice.
View 'With Alarm Maj. John L. Griffith, Western Conference mogul, was one of those viewing with alarm, as did officials pf SPnthpra MPthodist, One-half of this year’s Rose Bowl clash, but the ■(Jhiyefsities of Texas and Kansas Openly applauded;: SO did ^of. G; Willett, Pa,cific Coast Conference chairman. 'The attitude cf
the shoulders of the colleges theni» selves. For incidents stieh as Dart* mouth’s twelfth man against PMheeton, and the tearing down 'of the goal posts before the completion of the Princeton-Yale game the sJdsucho^LteSgfootbamS^^^^ Di Mdl Siiev'eris Of NYU; and the!
Face Maroons
Lantbertmen To Retiuhi rT> ^ i rv, lo
Board of Temperance, Prohibition and Public Morals of the Methodist
Eds! Co-Eds! Erateirmftes! Sororities! AN AN^UNtEMENT^^
We wish to show you a new washing machine, made especially for YOU. The Junior Washer is the size of a large kettle, arid is adapted for towels, undervvear, socks, stockings, lirigerie, collars, and numerous other items. As a dry cleaner, there is no eqtial. The JUNIQR W ASHE R IS ANOTHER STEP TOWARD ECO N O M Y FOR THE STUPENT- The price is $5.95. Drop in our store and look It over.
Episcopal church dealt itself a with the statement that, “the ] ing teams are invariably folloi^d to the field of battle by all of the barber' shop sports of their home environ'mdnt, inclriding the full roster of village idiots.’’
“Alumni”
“Alumni” who flunked out of grade school are blamed for most of the disorders reaching a new peak this season. “If we continue to accept hoodlum dollars,” said Mai Stevens, “we ought to be willing tb pay:-for suffl
tection.”
! ^e/ bog^y*m8^ of profesSibiriil competition poked its leering head into coaches’ nightmares ag^ain, a gbod many prophets professing to see college footbaU following base ball into bWiyipn^^ few; years. The sensiMeiv thrilb^rioduCing pro fulds vrefe cited as a big threat, and (Bides for revision of the ainateur nfleS were loud. The posts ought to be put ba(dc on the gOal-lincj saM Chick Meehan, of Manhattan, and\the boUeg® gain® would benefit by following pro sideline rules, moving the ball in 16 instend of 10 yards after out-of-bounds play.
: Risk Dental Clime.
" PAriri,A.;EISK;: . . ■ ^ KOBEET'.e. .aiSK ■■ . HAEOl.®: J.-MSK' . luthek''a.:mbe: , 4e(|( Sdinltz Bldg. Phdm . BTai C»inner 401 and BSaln .
PATRONIZE :EXPONENT ■ ADVERTISERS
MILD. . . LIG H T . . . F P R PIPES . . . CIG AR E TIES
.... ...j ...j
row ^ One-handed shois and urider-the basket,gymnastics are expected to be the features of the evening when Chicago invades the Jeff gyin here tomorrow night. With Bill Haarlow and Bob Kessler, leading conference scorers of last season, opposing each other, the boys at the pool room predict a free scoring battle between the opposing captains. < The game, which will start at 7:30, will be the first start lor fiM Boilermakers in three weeks, because of final exams. Striving to keep their 1.000 per cent rating, the quintet faces a tough job "with the Maroons. Although “Red” Lambert and Glen Downey guarded Haarlow so effectively in the first game that they allowed him only one field gobl and two from the free throw linei their job may be more difficult tO'* marrow mght^ ; Scoring ;Battlb -.o:, The game^ y^ ^d Ha^loiy and Kessler renemng a Sebring battle yidu(^ started early last seaSbri; and bnded with Haarlbw^^te^ bY six points for the entire season. So far this year, HaarlOw has averaged more than 13 points in each Of the six games he has played, Wlihe Kessler, who lias played in only three conference tilts, lias averaged aL most li pbinte per game. Wi^h “Sunny Jim” Seward still on the injured list because of pulled muscles in his leg. Coach VTard Lambert is expected to start virtually the same bombination that has made it possible for- the Boilermakers to get away to a fast start in the current title race.
Through the cooperation of tho Tippecanoe county recreation department of the Works Frdgress Administration and the intramural department of the University, a large ice skating rink has been constfucted bn the lower end of Stuart Field, just east of the Armory. Although many students have been .using the rink for several days, the iritrariiural department opened the rink to the general public yesterday. It will be available for use every day until 9 o’clock as long as the temperature is low enough to keep the ice frozen. Under the direction of the recreation department of the WPA and M. L. Cleveti^ Purdue intramural athletic director, the rink was constructed through the use of NYA labor. . The NYA laborers are also maintaining the rink in perfect skating cbnditiori through riii^hitiy-^^^'^^ Fqlibwing the close of the rink each night at 9 o’clock, the rink iS cairefully swept an(d then sprayed in order to mairitmn the skating Stirface in the best pOssihle condition.
, ^to repteserit
Uiuversfty i& the attnual em championship squash meet '
there temorow and Sunday.
The three men were selected fbr '
the competition, after a series of intense practice drills held daring the early part of this .week, and will play No.. 1, No. 2, and No. 3 posi-
tions, respectively- ,
"liiiii
an excellent showing in the dose competition which featured tins meet, and are expected to repeat thehr performance again this year.
^ ■¥
4-'
BA^TBAEL
■4;V4-.
//■Tdiday;
Court
7:00-:#ard 13 vs. Ward IL Court 2, (Abell) 7:00-^Phi Delta Theta V8. Hd Eap^ .pa!,T*tti.;:!' 7:16i^Tatt Epsilon Phi vs. Theta
-Chi*
Conri 3, (Homplmes) 7:00—-Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma
lifi- - ,.
FRA’T^NiTY Freshmen
IVateriiity freshitten iriterested in t^rig out for iiitcamiwal irianager epoft to the intramural Office today at 4. ■ HUMPHRIES.
The Utinldiis Idlew calb '..ATELLOW V : y-8 .FURD'TAXI:CAB ■ ■; Bliitek Cam Sm Sp^al Oeeasic^ 25e per iHissciigier ai^ part of the ciW ■ : 6«8S ■ PHOKBS ; : Stn YELLOW cab Ca
:: : . .DE A C - :: : HAS EVERYfelNG ^ for: a -' ■ COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REiSNER
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbobk at the
Mmi SANDMTCH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
PHOTOS, Enlargements 25c
JlIMaiii
SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR THE : , EXPONENT .
Driiik Milk for More Ep(ergy
CaliJOHNSO ■ Ptione
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in Minersds and rich in f<M>d vdue, it’s body-building and energy building.
From one of Indiana^ s Finest Dairies came
15,768 Gallons of Milk
used solely by the Unhti Cafeteria
to satisfy the mcreasing number of students who found the Union Cafeteria something better in a place to eat last year.
If you are looking for some^thing better, taste the delicious, wholesome food of the Cafeteria before sdectr ing your dining place for the coming semester.
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
Purdue
Memorial Union
“Cornor of the CompuSt Yet the Cen ter of College A c tiveties’'Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—sale, rent, repaired and bought. Mnltigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoflf, M MaSii St.
; iroom, Lutz, Aye. Phone 6^23. For Sale—-Cohsoie R. G. A. Radio, like hew. Bargain at $10.50. Also, Cabinet Radio, 9 tube Kellog at a bargain. Tuxedo, cost $85.00 new, (shows ho wear) bargain at $6.50. Book case (6 shelves) 36 in. across, good one, $3.25. Back number mag-azines—-Ic to 6c. This is Lafayette’s variety store. Gome in and browse around. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. 5th.
NOTICES No nvUcea suieepteS after S ». «.
Review
By Associated Collegiate Press
W. S. G. A.—^Petitiona for freshman representatives for next semester must be turned in at the Union desk or to Helen Hall by Feb. 9. Twenty-five signature required. —HALL. Musical Organizations—All members are urged to try out for the Union show. —STEWAET.
Sigma Delta Chi---Short but important meeting at 7 tonight in Debris office. —BUTZ.
Women’s C6-<^ Club—Two vacancies in the club. Girls who wish to apply may see Miss Beeman in the Home Be Building today from 10 to 12, or tomorrow morning from 9 to 12.
Purdue Engrineer^All subscribers to the Purdue Engineer, please notify us if you have not received the January issue. Also, subscribers may pay for subscriptions at the Union desk. . —EVANS.
W. A. A. Intramural. Managers—Meeting this evening at 4 in the Women's Gym, All are expected to be there. Short meeting. , —MAIBR.
Indicate Returning Prosperity
New York—(ACP)—K the increased number of gifts falling into the laps of colleges and universities is any indication, America feels the surge of returning prosperity. Heavy money has flown into school coffers dtffhig fhd pasbiew WepS. ^arvai^ tops the list gife totalling oVer two and a half mib
lion, two toiliion given by
Nathan Littauer, retired mahufa,cturer and former ^pr^entaHve M Congress^ for the establishment Of a graduate school of public administration. The new school, its objective the scientific training of men for governmental careers, may be opened in September, 1937. A commission of . leading educators and students of governmental administration is now considering plans. Another gift, of $500,000 was offered by Thomas W. Lamont, New York banker, for the endowment of a chair in political economy, and the Automobile Manufacturers Association gave $64,260 to further the work of the Harvard bureau for
street ti’affic research,
Johns Hopkins University hospital received $900,000 from the estate of Albert Marburg, retired manufacturer, who also left $50,000 to Princeton. Princeton’s gifts during the last fiscal year totalled $569,104. Yale reported a total of $6,719,846. About $193,000 came to Notre Dame recently from the estate of John P. Cushing, to be used in the construction of . an engineering school, and $52,600 was received last week to establish a fund for chemical research. The University of Chicago has received
$170,500 in recent Weeks.
,Y. W. C. A. Program Committee—^Meeting today at 4 in the Y. W. office. —MILLS.
UNIVEESITY CALENDAR
Freshman Swimmers—^All candidates for frosh swim and water polo teams report in x>ool at 4:16. every afternoon beg' >nning Monday. February 3. —ALLEN.
Co-ed Volleyball—Large gymy 4: KaPPa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward T; .4:30^ Pi Beta Phi vs. Ward 4: W. R. H. vs. Kappa Kappa Gamma. Small gym, 4: Chi Omega vs. Ward 3; 4:30, Alpha Chi Omega vs. Ward 2; 6, Pi Beta Phi vs. Ward 1. —SCUDDER.
When WMitSt&p? (From The Oredigger) One hundred and twenty-five million Americans are singing it, crooning it, humming it, massacring it, but “The music goes round and round,” and where it will stop nobody knows. Music stores report that this song is the biggest hit in ten years, since the hey-day of “Yes, We Have No Bananas.” Thirty-eight thousand copies have been sold in New York City alone up to last week. Sheet-music sales totoled over 200,OOO, with one “26,000 copy day”. The three composers of the song, Mike Riley, Eddie Farley and Red Hodgson of Chicago, admit that they wrote the lyrics and tune, but cannot agree as to the origin of the hit line, “Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohh —and it comes out here.” Written four years ago, the public paid no attention to it until the composers made a record of it. Bands took up the tune and the Great American Public went ga-ga ... and rouii ’n round.
.. Today . Newman Club Barnyard Frolic, Union ballroom, 8:00 p. m. Basketball—Chicago, here. Phi Kappa formal dance, chapter house, 9:00-12:00 p. m.. Bill Jones’ orchestra. .
Monday
American Society of Plant Physiology, Stanley Coulter Hall, room 203, 4 p. m. “The Use of Herbicides in Weed Control”, C. O. Lee. Basketball—Ohio State, here. Conservation Club Motion Pictures, Michael Golden Shops, room 101, 7:00-10:30 p. m.
Tuesday
Foi’estry Club, Hort. Bldg., ro< 301, 7:00-10:00 p. m. Pfeyskal Ed Bepartmemt Sponsors Recreation NigMs Recreation night, sponsored by the women’s physical education department, will be held at 7:30 this evening. Women will have the opportunity to change dutes for the movies into dates for a new kind of party, by taking their dates to the Women’s Gym. Games such as badminton, shuffleboard, deck tennis, and volleyball will be available to the mixed company. Last year’s series of recreation evenings was highly successful, except for the fact that more mem attended than Women. This year men may come only on the invitation of
women.
The climax of the Fall and Winter Season 46tli Semi Annual
Quite unaccountably, we find purl selvek with a Sudden rush to itiie head of stories about abseht-mim^eS college protossors. Wp do not re^ call where the stories originated, nor whoni they concerned, but our rempmbrance of all of them suggests that there is a basis of truth for each one. We know, for example of the professor in a small town college who travelled 60 miles away to another campus to observe a basketball game. As the game brpke up, a mail from his home town offered the professor a ride home. He accepted, with gratitude. No sooner did he set foot on his front porch than he realized he had driven his own car to the other city. Since he had to teach the next morning, he sent his wife oh the train to get the ear and drive it home. So he stopped in at the depot and bought his wife a round trip ticket. We recall the story of another man, a Ge^an professor, who was sitting in' a railway depot with his wife, waiting for the train. Suddenly he exclaimed, “My word! I’ve left my gold watch up in the hotel room! I’ll have to run up and get
it.”
“But you haven’t time,” said his wife. Thereupon the professor jerked out his watch (the watch in Question) and blurted, “Sure, I got fifteen minutes. I can make it.” And he turned and started to scurry away * * >|5No doubt episodes similar to this have often happened in colleges. But it’s still good. We are thinking of the psychology professor who stomped into his first hour class, threw down his notes and began to lecture. Rapidly, concisely, using his best witticisms, he talked for 16 minutes. Then he stopped. ‘Any questions?” ^ he asked. There were none. So he began to ask some questions of this student and that. None of them could answer. “Good Lord!” he burst out finally. “Have I spent this whole semester for nothing? Don’t you know a blessed thing about this course?” And a brave boy raised his hand and said, “No sir. This is a class in eighteenth century prose.” Faculty people dance and frisk occasionally as well as their students, so each campus generally has its faculty dancing club. At one of these affairs, a professor of education began to dance with the wife of another instructor. As the first dance wore on, the educator began to complain vociferously of the floor, the music and even hinted that his partner wasn’t quite up to snuff as a dancer.
Hand, R. B. Barton, E. H. Frasier, E. L. Davis, M. E. Miller, M. G. Ramsey, A. M. True, C. T. Buchmeier, W. H. MaePherson, R. F. Kirkman, C. J. Keilman, R. H. Tweedle, J. L. Owens, J, R. Callahan, S. C. Swedarsky, J. H. Nellis, R. O. McIntire, L Janos, E. Elliott,
J. W. Hammann.
Cadet First Lieutenants P. L. Roelke, D. S. Jones, K. W. Burkhardt, D. E. Shields, L. B. Tichenor, R. T. Myers, R. S. Green, C. C. Wright, H. R. Goodyear, R. W. Kirkpatrick, J. M. Craig, H. Peters, J. L; Frasier, H. R. Larsen, T. G. Henderson, W. E. Pierce, H. A. Smith, J. W, Varley, M. A. Rushton, G. D. Bilat, J. W. Matthews, R. H. Bowman, J. M. Schopmeyer, T. J. King, J. W. Miller, J. S. Hudgens, W. E. Schierstedt, R. S. Blocker, L. L. Haas, J. M. Wassman, R. M. Pruitt, C. A. Spears j B. E. Moore, H. B. Bolson, R. C. Kellar, G. P. McCord, C. B. Gaskins, P. E.
Lilly, C. A. Walb, W. N. Engels, L. H. Volz, E. F. Whitney, J. H. Smothers, L. J, May, G. B. Hall, R. B. Lehe, T. A. Morris, C* TreeSj R. L. Duncan, D. E. Huglies, G. L. Bower, R. A. Johnson, C. E. McAdoo, C. E. Moore, V. A. Meleski, R. J. Meeker.
WSGA .PLANS— (Continued from page 1) by a senior other than the president, two juniors, one sophomore, and one freshman. The committee will be appointed by the president, subject to approval of the executive board. A co-ed is eligible for an ofiice. The nominating committee may select not less than twd and not more than three candidates for the office of president, and two candidates for each of the other offices. Additional aspirants may he named at the regular mass meeting to be held within one week after nominations
are .announced,;: Any ce-ed interested in holding a W. S- G. A. pfiice next year should hand in her name to Helen Hall by 4 o’clock Wednesday, February 12. Anyone wanting to become a candidate for the office of freshman representative this semester should hand in her petition signed by twenty-five freshmen co-eds with her own name as number one. The petitions must be in the W. S. G. A. office not later than 6 o’clock, Feb. 9-, In contrast to the past few years, the May Day .pageant will be fanciful and colorfifi. The entire set-up has been changed, according to Lillian Peterson, chairman of the W. S. G. A. May Day committee. Plans are being made to hold the pageant out-of-doors. The May Queen will hot be selected by popular vote this year, but rather by a committee composed of three faculty members and four students.
does for Business wBat the warm rains and sunshine does for the growing grain.....pro' motes a healthy crop.