^ ^ / T ^ M
Pu>rdue
Volume 51, No. 5
»g^
Ty m Exponent
Friday, September 15, 1939
PI A Sponsors Tea
Exponent Offers Varied
Training, Opportunities 'nn<in«<hAmry
Dance Saturday
Calls Sophomore Survey Upholds Staff Workers Editorial Work
All sophomore eds interested in joining or finding out more about the staff of the Purdue Exponent, are asked to meet in room F (next to the browsing room) of the Union Building tonight as soon after 4 o’clock as possible. Those attending should bring schedule cards in order that tentative schedules may be arranged for actual work, which will enable aspirants to'know the Exponent as completely as possible before actually accepting it as an activity. Although this call is primarily directed toward those sophomores who have never worked on the paper before, others who have spent some time on the staff of the publication are urged to be present. English and Humor No special talent is required for eligibility to the staff. Only a good knowledge of English, reliability, and a ready sense of humor are necessary to a staff member. Although the Exponent staff has its work cut out for it, there is a tendency toward making the working hours a mental recreation period. The office is known on the campus for its swirl of wit and nonsense along with ceaseless efforts to churn out the daily newspaper. At the meeting, editors of the paper will give short sketches of the work done by staff members and will tell just what is expected of new workers. Eewards such as passes, social functions, and chances for higher offices will be discussed. Time required will be outlined. Bring your schedule cards, a sense of humor, and be ready to ask questions.
Working on the Exponent requires a certain amount of time but it has an interesting sidelight. In a recent study by Donald S. Bridgman of 2,108 college graduates it was found that students who engaged in editorial and forensic activities ranked in the highest salary group of those employed and that better than ninety per cent of these same people were above the median of reported salaries. In a recent interview. Dr. J. E. Walters, of the personnel department of the University, stated, “I believe that the editorial work which enables a student to learn to write well is one of the most valuable activities to the student personally, without regard to any financial gain which might result from it. It is an activity which teaches him. not only to write and express himself in the written language, but also to get along with his fellow students.” He said further that, “A person will have to get along with people all of his life and unless he knows how to do it in college he will have difficulty when he gets through school. If he learns how to get along while in college, he will enjoy life I more after college.” Work on the Exponent, of course, does not promise wonderful jobs upon graduation. It does, however, insure invaluable experience and gives you an activity you can be proud of.
Not Content
350 Frosh Co-eds
Attend YWCATea
Three hundred and fifty co-eds, freshmen and their counselors, attended the YWCA tea yesterday, the first open meeting of the organization. Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty advisor for the club, greeted the new and old members as they arrived. Each girl who attended the tea was given an identification card and a mimeographed booklet explaining YWCA and its activities. Each committee, the year’s program, and organization of the club is explained in the booklet for new co-eds. Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman of the membership committee, and her committee signed members at the tea. Each new member was given a booklet cut in the outline of an owl. The program for the year is included as are faculty members and committee chairmen.
Eligible Lists
Students Union Issues Call To
Prospective Soph Workers
All sophomore students interested in working on the Student Union should report Tuesday, September 19, in the Union office at 4:16 p. m., according to Dave Brubeck, Union executive. “It is not necessary that sophomores interested in this activity should have worked last semester,” Brubeck also stated. The meeting is being held to acquaint the new men and co-eds with the officers and type of work to be done during the year. A few of the projects sponsored by the Student Union are: mixers for which backdrops must be drawn and tickets taken, occasional swing session programs, afternoon tea dances, sponsoring clubs and societies, and similar activities. With the new Union additions
Who Said
'It's Hot'
Classes started yesterday amidst one of the worst heat waves the campus has seen in the last decade. Tuesday, the mercury climbed to 96 (drip) . . . Wednesday it stood at 99 (drip, drip) . . . yesterday it climbed to 101 (drip, drip, drip) . . . and no relief in sight. See you in the ice box, chum.
Opening the season’s tea dance programs, the Purdue Independent Association will present the music of Irvan Maury’s Orchestra, Saturday afternoon at 2:30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Admission for the
^gmce will be free to all.
. . . with having an All-American band. Director “Spots” Emerick has something new and different up his sleeve. At least it’s a new angle as far as the Purdue military band is concerned.
nearing completion the scope of activities will increase presenting new and greater opportunities for more and larger organizations.
Special Notices
Ballroom Reservations
Attention! Co-ed Twirlers The Purdue Military Band desires four co-ed twirlers. Those with this experience report to band headquarters in Armory Friday at 5 p. m. Prof. P. S. Emrick.
The above announcement was received from Professor Emerick yesterday evening. We’ll be looking forward to something special for the Notre Dame game. Come on, girls, let’s give the boys a hand.
Meeting Rooms
Mimeographed lists of students who were in the University last year and have a cumulative scholastic index of 3.5 or better are available at the registrar’s office. The respopsible officer of each student organization may obtain a copy by calling for it. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
No Blouses
Glider Club Plans
Season Program
The organization meeting of the Purdue Glider Club was held Thursday night in room P of the Union Building. In the election of officers, Craig Miller was elected president; Don Caffee, vice president; Bill Kane, secretary, and Arvis Hilpert, treasurer.
Enrollment Total Nears 7,000
President Elliott Announces Five
RcSinSrS Prcssilt Percent Gain Over 1938 Figures
Sports Trophy To John A. Emmert
The dance will last until at least 6:30 p. m., and PIA officials stated that freshmen are especially urged to come in order to get acquainted with campus co-eds. Special plans are being made for those in the stag line to cut in freely. Irvan Maury’s orchestra returns to the campus this fall after completing a ten weeks’ engagement at Crystal Palace on Paw Paw Lake, Caloma, Mich., and promises to supply the dancers with many new and enjoyable dance tunes. A new addition to the orchestra is Eddie Beardsly, freshman engineer from Alexandria, Ind., who plays the second sax. Eddie also is the featured male vocalist with the band. His voice is very similar to that of Eddie Howard, the composer of the popular song “My Last Goodbye.” The band also features the songs of Darlene Mahns and a new male vocal trio composed of Eddie Beardsly, Maury Mahns, and Clinton
Brown.
Plans are under way to broadcast WBAA’s regular Saturday afternoon program of Campus Varieties from 3 to 4 p. m. from the stage of the ballroom during the tea dance. The construction work going on around the building has created technical difficulties which will have to be corrected before the broadcast can originate from the ballroom.
John A. Emmert, P. K. ’40, last night received the coveted 1938-39 athletic participation trophy, awarded by the Purdue Reamer Club to the independent student earning the most points in varsity and intramural sports during a school year. Last year Emmert earned a major letter in baseball, played on the championship intramural basketball and touchball teams, and participated in intramural softball, earning a total of 12 points. A delegation of Reamer Club officers and members presented the trophy to Emmert during a dinner meeting at Terry House where Emmert has resided since his freshman
99 Clyb To Entertain
North Central Group
Any group interested in scheduling the Union ballroom for a dance on any Friday ot Saturday evening during the present semester should attend the Union meeting on Thursday, September 21, at 7:30 in the faculty lounge. If it is not possible for any group to have a representative present, the group should make arrangements before the meeting with Paul Cooper, Union president.
All organizations desiring Union looms for regular club or society meetings should give a written statement of room and time preferences (more than one) to Paul Cooper on or before Tuesday, September 19. As only a few rooms will be available until the extensions are completed alternative rooms should be specified. Address to Student Union.
Union Offers Twin
Mixers This Week
No blouses (coats) will be required for military classes until further notice. Full uniform with the exception of blouses will, however, be required, according to Captain Wiselogel.
Future plans w)iich were discussed included the construction of a metal fuselage for “The Plying Boilermaker,” inauguration of thermal soaring training, and a big open meeting to be held on September 21. This meeting will feature 400 feet of movies (some in color) taken of the University’s team at the American Open Soaring Meet at Frankfort, Mich.
Dr. Clara Darby
Enrollment in Purdue University for the current semester until the close of registration on Wednesday evening stood at 6,774, or 289 more than at the same time last year. This enrollment, which shows a gain of five per cent over that of last year, was made official by President Elliott yesterday. Since between 60 and 75 students were in the process of registering today and graduate students have until October 1 to enroll, the total enrollment is expected to climb over 7,000. Enrollment in Purdue University
year. Last year’s race for the trophy was a close one, Emmert winning by a narrow one point margin. When he was presented with the handsome, 20-inch victory trophy, he responded with a short but sincere statement of his happiness at being ruled the winner. Ralph Reiley, president of Reamer Club, announced that the 1939-40 race is now underway, and that any independent student, including freshmen, is eligible. Full particulars can be obtained in the Intramural office at the Fieldhouse.
Indiana chapter of 99ers, women flyers with a private license or better, will be hostess to the North Central section of 99ers regular meeting Sunday, September 17. The society was founded by Amelia Earhart to promote interest in flying and aviation for women. Ten or fifteen ships from five states are expected to arrive at the Purdue Airport tomorrow, according to the chairman of the newlyestablished Indiana chapter, Jane Templeton. Program includes a party at the Fowler hotel on Saturday night, breakfast in the Union on Sunday morning, followed by a business meeting at which time officers will be elected. One of the better known woman flyers expected to be present is Arlene Davis, only female entree in the National Bendix races.
for the current semester until the close of registration on Wednesday evening stood at 6,774, or 289 more than at the same time last year. This enrollment, which shows a gain of ve per cent over that of last year, was made official by President Elliott yesterday. Since between 60 and 75 students were in the process of registering today and graduate students have until October 1 to enroll, the total enrollment is expected to climb over 7,000. Increase General This increase in the number of students is general in all schools of the University, Dr. Elliott stated. On Wednesday night the registration reading showed 5,512 men and 1,262 women already enrolled, practically the same ratio that was maintained here for almost '20 years. The freshman class numbered 2,146, an increase of 63 over the total registered last year. More than 200 applications from out-of-state students were rejected during the summer because their scholastic qualiflcations did not come up to the higher standards made effective this year. Because of the fact that the southeast unit of the men’s residence hall has not been completed, 138 male students who will eventually be quartered therd, are living in the Purdue Union residence wing until the last residence hall is ready for occupancy next month. A total of 1,060 men are housed there.
Alpha Chi Rho Wins George W. Munro Scholastic Award
Book Exchange Sets New Record-More Tech. Books Needed
Marking time until the various campus organizations begin sponsoring their annual dances, the Students Union takes advantage of the lull to present Louie Lowe, CE ’27, in a double header mixer tonight and Saturday. Both dances will be open to the student body in the ballroom from 9 until 12. Louie features a number of specialties, one of which is a medley of collegiate fraternity songs ending with his own fraternity song, Phi Delt Bungalow. “Celestial” Russell Stubbs is featured on the celeste, with Jimmy Reed, Art McCammon, and Bob Pritchard handling the brass section. Karl Hermann, George Harper, and Bobbie Walsh will play the reeds. Dick Fansler, chubby 200-pound-er, swings the novelties while Lowe does all the sweet numbers.
At 5 p. m. last night the student book exchange had sold over 2,500 books and had collected more than $3,700, a new record for the exchange. Last year’s record of $3,300 was broken 10 hours after the exchange started selling books Wednesday morning. Books will be received today, starting at 10, and tomorrow, according to a statement from Vincent Hruby, head of the exchange. There is still a serious shortage of technical books and exchange officials can practically guarantee that they will be sold if they are brought in. The exchange will start to pay out money at 10 o’clock this morning. Students who come to claim their money must have their receipt slips with them. If their books have been sold the number corresponding to that on the receipt slip will be circled on the bulletin board outside the ballroom. The exchange will close at 6:30 this afternoon so that the ballroom may be cleared for the mixer this evening.
Alpha Chi Rho fraternity won the George W. Munro Scholarship plaque for high scholastic achievement and yesterday received the plaque from President E. C. Elliott in the president’s office. Since the opening convocations, where the plaque formerly was presented, have been discontinued, the presentation is made at the president’s office. Professor Munro of the School of Mechanical Engineering, the donor, was present yesterday when three of the wiiming team members were there to receive the award which will remain in the possession of the fraternity for the coming academic year. In making the presentation. Dr. Elliott complimented the members of the winning squad on scoring a scholastic bullseye and cited the record of the fraternity in winning two legs on the trophy and having ■wjon the plaque three times in previous years, when the fraternity held a Delta Alpha Pi charter. Those present to receive the award were R. B. Squires, Richmond, junior in electrical engineering, who had 14 hours of H and 23 hours of A last year; L. B. McCammon, Tulsa, Okla., junior in civil engineering, who had 10?^ hours of H, 25% hours of A grades; and M. E. Keane, Chicago, junior in public service engineering, who had 14% hours of H and 27% hours of A grades. Two other members of the fiveman team were Douglas Harvey, who was graduated in June and had 13 hours of H, 18 hours of A and four hours of B grades, and Robert Hall, Indianapolis, senior in chemical engineering, who will return to the campus in a few days. Hall had 37 hours of H, four hours of A and five hours of B grades.
R. O. Dirmeyer, '38 Joins Marine Corps
According to an announcement received yesterday by the University Military Department, Robert Otto Dirmeyer, ME ’38, of Fort Wayne, has been commissioned as a second lieutenant in the United States Marine Corps. Dirmeyer held a high position in the military corps last year at the University, ranking as a lieutenant colonel. His address is Basic School, Marine Barracks, Philadelphia, Pa.
Debris Calls Soph Workers
For Duty On Editorial Staff
.. . former West Lafayette resident and former staff member of the University school of home economics, has accepted the post of assistant professor of home economics at the University of the Philippines, Manila, P. I.
Debris, University yearbook, is issuing a call for sophomores desiring to work on the editorial staff. This year’s book, based on a gold and black theme, will use over 2,200 pictures, besides a great quantity of written material. Sophomore editorial staff members may choose to work on either of four staffs. The four staffs, each under a junior editor are: fraternity, sports, senior, and feature staffs. Most of the work, by sophomores, will be accomplished between 4 and 6:80 in the afternoon, five nights a
week. Work will consist mainly of copy writing, picture taking, and picture mounting. * Work is seldom repetitive and there is considerable opportunity to meet the campus shots and faculty members through interviews.
Exponent* Staff
Exponent Editoral Staff: Hiose scheduled to work tonight are: night editor, McKee; issue editor. Smith; workers, Mvis, Mueller, Fletcher, Ochiltree; stooge, WiUsey.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday* September 15, 1939
Jwudjtf^ JjoUl What About That Extra Three Dollars? That extra three dollar fee for the “music fund” which appeared on all of this semester’s registration receipts caifeed many questions around the assessors’ tables Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Most students understood that they were paying in part for the Music Hall, but did not know just why, nor how much and for how long they would be faced with this extra assessment. The state legislation appropriated $300,000 for the Music Hall with the express understanding that the University borrow an additional $300,000 on a bond issue, and that every student pay an extra fee each semester in order to retire the issue and establish a sinking fund. In addition, about $500,000 has been secured from PWA grants. The issue constitutes thousand dollar bonds, at 3 per cent. Interest will amount to $9,000 annually on the total issue, and next year the University will pay off $15,000 of the principal, increasing to $25,000 in later years. The bonds were issued in the series system, dated up to twenty years face. As the bonds mature, interest decreases and more principal can be paid off each year. The controller’s office expects that enough money will be obtained by 1955 for the complete bond payments, sinking fund, and operating expenses. This date was figured using the expected gain in enrollment, but is subject to change if the student body increases or decreases markedly in size. If the registration figure increases a great deal, or the University should receive an endowment with which to pay off the bonds, they are callable and may be retired before face date. The building was scheduled to be completed about the first of next year, but labor difficulties have delayed construction work. Dedication is not scheduled until May 3. The value of the Music Hall for convocations, graduation, and other special exercises and functions cannot be denied. The building should be worth three dollars each semester to every student who will make use of the programs which will be offered, and has great ultimate value to the University itself. In one sense it is regrettable that seniors, especially those leaving Purdue at the end of this semester, are required to pay the fee when they may possibly use the building little or at all. Perhaps, however, these seniors may regard their extra fee as a special “parting gift” to Purdue University. The Class Of '40... .. . seems a little undecided as to whether they can wait until the “first home football game” to christen their traditional yellow cords. Because of the fact that the Michigan State game does not fall until October 21, quite a few impatient seniors have been campaignihg for cords at an earlier date, possibly the night of the Notre Dame pep session. This contingent suggested that the five week interval between the opening of school and the first home game was too long a time to remain unidentified in ordinary wearing apparel. Having thus opened hostilities with the frosh on September 29, they would let things simmer down until the Michigan State game when they would stage the traditional senior day parade in slightly worn cords. Mustaches would be shaved (?) and derbies would make their debut at this time. Another faction, apparently in the majority, immediately took the opposite stand in defense of tradition and in favor of inaugurating the beloved pants at the time of the senior parade. They pointed out that some of the effectiveness of the senior day activities at the stadium might be lost in this hasty rush to don the cords at an earlier date. Dr. Elliott, in his usual jovial way, said the only stipulation that the administration would make in the affair was that seniors wore some kind of trousers for the five weeks in question. We are inclined to agree with the majority in sticking by the traditional procedure, not just because it is tradtion, but because we think the long interval of time intervening will add impetus to the occasion rather than souring it. It’s still a matter of conjecture.—^R. E. I.
YWCA Introduces Vesper Services As the result of a summer poll among YWCA members, the organization IS introducing as a part of their fall program a series of vesper services, the first to be held |;his Sunday, September 17, at 6 p. m. in the Memorial Union. Prof. Charles Murphy, faculty member of the history department, will speak to students, both men and women, as well as faculty townspeople The second vesper service will be held jointly with the YWCA Area Conference to be on the campus
fres
SraNWYCKNENJOn HOLDEN
Starts TOMORROW
/]
LAST DAY-
BASIL RATH BONE “The Advehrat>%|;f
Sherlock Holmes^^
ddnfL and, lleh.
Well, it’s all over now — those gruesome lines, stacks of rushing people, and the horrors of red “closed class” cards. But we still aren’t shouting! Most of us just aren’t doing anything save gripe about the heat, humidity, and associated stuff. H & H We think the research honorary should know about the bit of work done by Howard Timms at registration. It seems Mr, Timms had been debating long and lengthily with himself on the age-old subject of “Are the beautiful co-eds dumb?” In order to reach a conclusion, the enthusiastic worker carefully classed every co-ed who registered with the “unremoved Cs or Ds” group into an “A” or “B” group. The “A” girls were the pretty maidens; the “B” girls the opposite. When interviewed at the close of registration, Howard said he thought his experiment a great way to start the semester even if it didn’t prove anything. Just as a human interest note we might add that most of the co-eds registering with the unremoved Cs or Ds were on the pretty side. H &H Louise Edwards, Purdue alum, has started her popular “College Circuit” program broadcast from WFBM on Sundays at 12:15 o’clock. The program is designed to cover activities on all Indiana college campuses. Last year it proved a very popular feature of the airlanes, and such campus personalties as Lou Brock, gridiron star, and Hank Miller, popular WBAA program announcer, were included on the program. We think you’ll like it. H & H All kinds of bouquets to the freshmen for the grand way they have adopted their traditional green pots this year. It’s been a long time since we’ve seen this bit of freshman equipment so faithfully worn. Personally, we like their spirit, don’t you? H & H From the looks of the Union Building, college must just be a mad rush to support the concessions and various allied materials. Someone asked us how we managed to live out of air-conditioned rooms these days. No answer. Activities are beginning to get in the groove again. The fraternity men are resting after a strenuous rush week. The bookstores still win blue ribbons as far as popular visiting places are concerned Several new campus buggies, including two smooth convertibles, are being driven about by very snoqty owners. Yes, college has started once more.
A Little Birdie told me ... Alice Martens is going to be just a little backward about showing her passport to anyone . . . she looks just like Art blew into town and caught her without his pin. Kappa Van Bee took Chuck Sporer’s pin and some of his sister’s object. What have you done to the Kappas Chuckie? . . . Kappa Sig Zieg and Kappa Phelps have parted ways« Maybe a new broom does sweep clean Ziesg, or have you figured out that three beer dates equal one Scotch date. B & B Things have come to a pretty pass ... it IS bad enough that our worthy upperclassmen chisel into the Freshman Mixer, but when members of the staff plan on attending said dance it’s time to give up. After all, our working gals in the Executive building should be content with hooking Seniors. B & B We suggest that the Seniors (hopeful of graduating this year) get the best use they can out of the new Music Hall... it could displace the airport to the extent of three dollars at least in warm weather. B & B KAMPASSING ... Our student body of today should be better informed about the facts of life than those of yesteryear according to the Sociology Dept. ... The enrollment is too much for them to handle . . . We wonder what the attraction is? . . . Between classes is a good time to look over the new crop in the Sweet Shop, men . . . when RUSHING starts the seeroarity gals won’t let you get a look in edgewise. B & B Plash! None of the sororities have done any rushing yet because
Purdue Exponent Published daily except Monday during the academic year Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Delivered by carrier $3 per academic year, by mail $3 60 Business office located at 312 N Fifth Street, editorial office. Union Building, sports office. Field House Editor-in-Chief—R E Insley, (Union) 4005 Business Manager—W E. Smith, 5038
REPRESENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, he. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON • LOS ANGELES • SAN FRANCISCO
September 23 and 24, A vesper service IS a part of the regular program of the conference, and will include the regular services to be held at 9 30, September 24, in the Memorial Union. Bonnie Swope, chairman in charge of arrangements for the vesper services, has announced that songs will be furnished by Mary Johnston, local co-ed vocalist. Information Bureau
(itainmg the addresses of all : en will be removed from the t^at Hall of the Union Building to the west desk of the Union, according to Union officials yesterday.
\meMm TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATUURE
rHE BUMSTEADS ARE HERE AGAINI
—ALSO— Thrill to tho.stor of "Wutiioring Hoi8hts''l
LUHA TODAY - SATURDAY -2 First Run Features-
THE THREE MESQU8TEERS JOHN WAYNE — inured RIVER RANGE" —ALSO — BONITA GRANVILLE JOHN LITEL — IN — "Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase" 20c to 6:00 After 6:00—10-20-25C
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
AIR CONDITIONED TODAY THRU SATURDAY
it just ain’t cricket... can they help it if they are counseling . . . The Notre Dame game will be a man’s game . . . shemale rushing starts that day . . . Gimlet season is open again. Some of our B. M. O. C.’s even insisted on having their pictures taken with their pretty gold “pots” on. B &B We understand that Messrs. Kreoplin and Weeks spent a very enjoyable week in Tennessee this summer. Kreoplin came hack “Sibylteed”. And Weeks is now a learned man also! —B & B— Heard at registration: “I would have introduced you, but I didn’t think you would be interested.”
Puppet Show Headlines Wesley Foundation Parly \ , Wesley Foundation will entertain all Methodist students m an opening party at the West Lafayette Methodist Church, Friday evening at 7:80 o’clock. Prof, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson will present a puppet show, “The 'Three Wishes”. John Fonts will lead group singing. The committee, in charge of Jane Horne, chairman, will serve ice cream and cake. Every student who comes from a Methodist church or who wishes to be connected with the Wesley Foundation, is urged to attend.
BROKEN GLASSES Not very pleasant, but then we can ease the discomfort by quickly and accurately duplicating your lenses, or repairing the frame. No longer necessary to send them hack home and wait for them to get back, our Bausch & Lomb Lensometer enables us to determine in a very few minutes the precise power of your lens, regardless of the size of the pieces. Pf. a. Pnz. tiF.
Optometrist
607 Main Street
Phone 2605
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Arrow Shirts with Arrow Collars Designed for Undergraduates
WINDSOR TAB Of English origin high lock end band square cornered collar If you re tall or have a long neck Windsor tab is your collar
TREND A longer pointed collar with slight flare away from tie knot Very smart
SUSSEX Moderately wide spread low drape collar with celluloid inserts at collar points French cuffs Most popular collar in England Achieves smart sophisticated appearance
RADNOR Round point collar worn with or with out collar pm Smart for dress up occasions
GORDON DOVER Button down soft collar oxford shirt with long points Most distinctive tea ture IS the outward roll of the collar Particularly good for wear with tweeds and sportswear
All Arrow Shirts are Sanforized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Get yours today. $2 up. ARROW SHIRTS 'COLLARS . . . TIES . . .HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Ypur Arrow Shirts at
DEWENTER’S 416 Main StreetI ^
’t
v'
.r.
Friday* September 15* 1939
£xpaomnL Spo^dA. §^aqjL
■ Vitfoty Bell, May It Ring Loud And Often preshmail BaSOball
Candidates To Meet
For Fall Practice
The Boilermaker victory bell, which has been tolling out the news of Gold and Black triumphs since 1007, has again changed its official
residence.
Crowded out of its former location by the new Music Hall, the bell house which has housed the victory bell since 1916 has been moved and now stands between Cary Hall north and Ross-Ade Stadium. Movihg the building was begun last week and the house, a gift of the class of 1916, has not been securely settled as yet. Upon completion the bell will be locked in its
usual shelter and the key turned over to Bud Frazee, 'trimlet President, who will take care of it this
year.
In addition to clearing space around t^e Music Hall the new location will give the bell house the protection of Cary Hall, reducing the chances of its being spirited away from Lafayette this fall by enterprising Hoosiers.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today—i ;I5
For Greater Football Enloyment ANEW “Alt AMERICAN'^
The Football News The America^ Weekly Sports Newspaper All College Games . .. will be reported through our columns . . . United Press Service. Direct From the Compus ^ . news and features of every college team . . . Special correspondents. ' Complete Statistics .... including comparative schedules and scores. Conference standings, leading scorers, etc. Pictures and Cartoons , . . will be used to make this 32 page tabloid complete. . CLIP AND MAIL ToOAt
BYRON F. BOYD, EDITOR THE FOOTBALL NEWS 2361 Westridge Ct., Femdale, DetralC, Michigan. Enclosed Is one dollar- ($1.00) for which please send me The Football News for 12 weeks.
NAME
ADDRESS cixV STATE
Tom Lush vs. S. R. Peterson. H. Treffinger vs. Bill Musselman. Bill Hensey vs, Dick Stettner. H. Leshner vs. Sam Blusteil. B. W. Dyer vs. Jim Goners. H. B. Carlsen vs. P. J. Leininger. P, A. Clark vs. Ray Lucht. S. J. Murphy vs. J. Kamishey. W. E. Buenting vs. L. W. Archibald. Ronald North vs. M. S. Brinduse. Emery Jett vs. F. W. Ulrich,
6:00 F.. A. Smithson vs. R. E. Lange. Donald Blue vs. R. Whitehead. Bob Briggs vs. 6. R. Wolter C. T. Kirk vs. Fred Turner. E- N. Glazer vs. O. W. Brackman. J. L. Wolford vs. Jack Matson. Bob Weaver vs. Kenneth Baughman. Pete Deuchak vs. John Keeler.
WORLSk-FAMOVS
PARKER PENS
Stapleton Plans To Have Fresh Athletic Managers
from $5.00 to $10
Pen and Pencil Sets $$.50 to $15
Start the FallTerm at College on even terms with any other student. Come in today and see our new assortment of Parker Pens. All sizes, styles and colors.
DECKER'S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Initiating a plan to let freshmen work for sophomore positions as managers of the various athletic teams, Dick Stapleton, president of SAA, announced yesterday that a meeting would be held in the Fieldhouse next Monday for all first year men interested in obtaining these jobs. Stapleton will be in charge of the program on which Noble Kizer .either Fehring or Lambert ^'are scheduled to speak along with senior managers of all the ' major sports.
Even a inilrecid Spike €€int"tcike it like this Jewel of a Porker Pen
n
SAYS THE RAILROADSPIKEOf me STonn//i£7esfS twAS CRiPfieo fOf Life BY f£RPfC CHWRme (ACiO) SOWrtON,''
ARROW clip means Guaranteed for Life.
GUARANTEED for LIFE *
SAYS THE PARKER VACUMATIC* "/ WAS FILLED WITH THE SAME ACID •WROTE ALL DAY •AS^MILE LIHE^ AHD I'M ^USTAS GOOD AS EYER/"
(against everything except loss or Intentional damage)
1st—Filled with Acid (strong ferric chloride solution which ate away a rail-
road spike) instead of with ink, this incredible pen wrote a 5-mile line with the ■ acid on a revolving paper-covered drum and finished in perfect working order.
LIFE f
We’re using more than 250 college papers to tell students of the 5 devastating and devitalizing feats recently performed by the Parker Vacumatic to prove it will last for life. No other pen we know has ever faced such torture. Yet the Parker Vaciunatic did it—can do it any time—and come forth in per-
fect working order.
Pencils to Match: S3SOT0S500
er
'^^VACUMATIC^^^
Pens:
All 14K Gold Points— $500 TO ^12^0
♦ Pens marked with the Blue_Diamond are guaranteed for the life of the owner against everything except loss or intentional damage, subject only Jo a charge of 35c for postage, insurance and handling, providecT complete pen is returned for service.
2nd—^“Bomb” Test: Pdrker’a Diaphragm filler encased in an oxygen bomb FOR WEEKS, where a single day equals 6 months’ normal age—^to prove
its long life.
3rd—“Electrocution”: Every Parker Diaphragm proved 100% leak-proof by exposing it to 5,000 volts of electricity which flashes a red light if there’s even a pinhole leak. 4th—“Drip Test”: Pens filled and hung points down for hours in frigid temperature, then in torrid temperature. 5th—Dropped 3,000 ft from an airplane to prove the lovely laminated pearl barrel and cap are Non-Breakable. You never saw such a pen. You never owned one. A sacless pen that holds far more ink than ordinary rubber sac pens —shows the ink level at all times, hence won’t run dry without warning, in classes or exams. So go and see it now and get it for college and for life. The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis.
We Carry a Cdmplet'e Line of Parker Pens
H. G. "Deac " REISNER
f/
Everylhing for a College Education
QhoksL
Freshman baseball candidates ■will meet tonight at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse in a gathering similar to the football meeting, which "was held last night by Freshman Football Coach Elmer Burnham. This is the second of the series of freshman introductory meetings -which will be held in all sports during the next two weeks. Fall baseball practice will start Monday, and last for a few weeks during the warm weather so that the coaches can get a line on their squad and thereby facilitate work next spring. After preliminary workouts. Coaches Jimmy Thompson, last year’s captain; Bert Sanders, C. $* Doan, and Harry Krause will reduce the number of candidates and distribute uniforms to those who survive the cut. W. P. MDutch” Fehring, coach of the varsity baseball team, will be assistinng on the gridiron during fall baseball drill, but will have as his diamond substitutes the four men named.
By Robert J. Deckard
^ Aatnough engrossed with the vicissitudes of getting organized for the first semester which is already underway, “Dmch” iFehring, affable mentor of the Boilermaker basehall contingent, nevertheless took time out yesterday morning to compose a 1939 AllAmerican professional team forFC.
—^fc-r-
An authority on baseball, “Dutch” gave us his selections which follow:
Player
Pst.
Team
Billy Myers
ss
Reds
Ken Keltner
3b
Indians
Ted Williams
rt
Red Sox
Joe DiMaggio
cf
Yankes
Bill Dickey
c
1 Yankees
Jimmy Foxx
lb
Red Sox
Joe Gordon
2b
Yankees
Bob Johnson
If
Athletics
Pitchers—Bucky Walters, Reds; Paul Derringer, Reds; Red Ruffing, Yankees; Bob Feller, Indians; Ted Lyons, White Sox. —^fc— Although we respect Fehring’s opinion very much, we nevertheless like the following better. One thing we. did agree on, and that was Bill McKechnie, Cincinnati, as the outstanding manager of the 1939 seat
son.
—fc— FC’s lineup follows: Player Pst. Luke Appling ss
3b rf cf lb
If ‘
2b
Red Rolfe Ted Williams Joe DiMaggio Jimmy Foxx
Mel Ott
Bobby Doerr Bill Dickey
Team
White Sox
Yankees Red Sox Yankees Red Sox
Giants
Red Sox
E Yankees
Pitchers — Bob Feller, Indians; ed Ruffing, Yankees; Bucky Walters, Reds; Lefty Grove, Red Sox; Paul Derringer, Reds.-
—^fc—
Dick Wargo, junior slabman on Fehring’s nine, deserves plenty of commendation because of his batting feats in a Peoria, 111.,, league this summer . . . Dick whacked out a .492 batting average, with 30 hits out of 62 times at the pan, to "win the league batting championship and a handsome trophy ... by the way, he played in the outfield . . . congratulations, Dick!
—^fc—
If Notre Dame majjitains a 10year cycle of winning all its football games, as the Irish ffid in ’09, ’19, and ’29, the South Bend team will sweep its schedule with ease this year . .. and the Boilermakers tangle with the up-state boys on the thirtieth ., . wheel
—^fc—
At last we’ve got one . . . for years such an “oddity” as a quad-
Phone! 3085 THE RIGHT ‘"TAKE-OFF
means a lot these days. In clothes as well as studies.
REGULAR Laundry and Cleaning pays in every way. Let the American Save Your Mother!
You Will Like Our Work
American Laundry
West Side Office 132 Vine St.
. \-
Gridders Practice Inside; Hold First Real Scrimmage
For the first time since the Fieldhouse was completed in 1937, the varsity giridders moved inside for their regular football practice session because of the heat rather than rain or cold. — - Because of the limited space in
All-Campus Golfers To Start Tournament Titles Next Saturday
Qualifying rounds in the AllCampus golf tourney will begin Saturday, September 23, and continue through September 26. Entries must be made on the bulletin board of the intramural office not later than Friday, September 22. All contestants must play an 18hole qualifsnng round. The lowest scorers of this qualifying round ■will be arranged into flights of 16 men each. In turn, low man and runnerup from each of the four or five flights will be awarded trophies. All of the good campus golfers are urged to participate in the tournament by Coach Harry Allspaw. For the convenience of those unable to enter at the Fieldhouse, entries may be phoned in by calling the Intramural office 2875.
Women's Pool
. . . will be open every afternoon at 4 o’clock, from Monday through Friday, making it possible for all women students who are interested in swimming to participate daily in this sport.
the Fieldhouse, the practice was limited to group work, dummy scrimmage, pass defense, and aerial offense. Later in the afternoon when the sultry atmosphere had cooled off slightly, Coach Mai Elward ran his seventy-odd varsity candidates through their first real scrimmage of the year. Petty Will Battle It has become apparent in the T)ractices to date that the fullback post will be handled very efficiently by seniors Frank Winchell and Leon DeWitte. However, John Petty, powerful junior back, and Schnmaker, sophomore possibility, ■will give the seniors a real battle for the fullback position. Tommy Melton, who distinguished himself last spring by -winning the watch awarded to the best all-round freshman gridder, has shown a lot of potential power to increase the reserve strength of the Boilermakers at guard. While the tackle posts on this year’s version of the Riveter grid squad seem to be plenty powerful, sophomores Italo Rossi, Harmsen, apd Kjellberg are proifing that they will be definite threats to the veteran tackle candidates.
Musical Tryouts Will Continue Tomorrow
ruple backfield man has not appeared on the campus . . . the “oddity” is Jack Brown, who can pass, punt, and toss an aerial ■with either fist. —^fc— Col. Charles Nugent McMillin, head of the Indiana University football brigade, is wont ip tell this to his pigskinnerL* “Boys, there is a psychopathic institution outside of Bloomington, where an inmate is standing on the lawn thro'wing make-believe football passes. K you guys don’t win a few more games this year—last year his team suffered six defeats, won one, and tied one—^I’m going to be out there catching those passes.”
Tryouts for the musical organizations were held all day yesterday in Eliza Fowler Hall and will continue today imtil noon, according to an announcement made by Elmer Carlquist, publicity chairman for the organizations. More than 700 students attended a meeting of the musical organizations held in Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday evening. At that time the scope of the organizations was explained by Albert P. Stewart, director of music, and Joseph M. Ragains, the new orchestra director. Carlquist pointed out that anyone interested in one of the organizations may .still tryout this morning even though he did not attend Wednesday’s meeting.
L O S >T
SMALL GREEN TRUNK
delivered to wrong address.
Please notify
YELLOW CAB COMPANY
Quality and Flavor Unmatched
You can taste the extra quality in baked goods — and the first bite will convince you of its wonderfully delicious flavor. Fresh—day in and day out.
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY- ff « i]*
WsT^
iwyw
iii
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# September 15. 1939
'Soaring Wings' Brings Memories Of Ameiia Earhart
Canadian Students Continue Studies After Enlistment
o'clock. There is no charge for ad-
gprinK mattresses. Extra living room. None nicer. 884 Northwestern. 41962.
Bringing back vivid memories of one of the University’s best loved faculty members is George Palmer Putnam’s book, “Soaiing Wings,” the life story of Amelia Earhart Putnam. This interesting and thorough biography was first published serially as “Lady Wifli Wings.” The book edition contains many interesting illustrations and a chapter on her stay here at Purdue.
On June 2, 1935, Amelia Earhart
Putnam was appointed by President E. C. Elliott to serve as a member of the faculty at the University. President Elliott once said, “Miss Eai’hart represents better than any other young woman of this generation the spirit and the courageous skill of what may be called the new pioneering. The University believes Amelia Earhart will help us to see and to attack successfully many unsolved problems.”
R. B. Stewart
One Purdue student who does not know whether he will get to Complete his collegiate course because of the European war is Maurice E. Berube, a junior in chemical engineering, from Riviei e-du-Loup Station,'Quebec, Canada. Berube made application for the Canadian army, engineers corps, last week before he left to return to Purdue, but was told to return to the University as he would perhaps complete at least a semester and possibly more before he would be called for service. Berube said that more than 100,000 Canadians already had volunteered for service in the war with Germany. Another Canadian student, Donald R. Bentley, from Winnipeg, Manitoba, a senior in electrical engineering, had returned to the campus as he will complete his fouryear course at the close of the present semester. He deferred his enlistment in the Canadian army until he completes his collegiate work.
Dancing and refreshments are on the program of entertainment. Students of every denomination are invited. The evening will assume the informal atmosphere and no dates are required. Newman Club which annually sponsors the Barnyard Frolic Tias planned a large and varied program this year. Contemplated features are a mass trip to the next national club convention and monthly dances.
FOR RENT—Garage. 168 Sheetz St.
OPENING in apartment, for two. Room $11, board $2.60. 143 S. Grant. Phone 31823. Davison.
WANTED—Used bicycle. Leave phone number at 36001 or Exponent office. Willsey.
NOTICES-
Classified Ads
Sophomores: Will the following students get in touch with me this week concerning their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff. H. F. Hays, Lester Robinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter, Richard F. Sears, Roger F. Nusbaum, Edgar M. Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E. Pickett, Robert G. Bosart. If impossible for you to see me, leave your phone number with someone in the office, or drop it in the Exponent box on the main Union desk. —^PRED, Exponent managing editor
FOR RENT—One double room. Close in. 122 Pierce St Phone 7764.
EACH BOARDER gets one quart of whole milk per day with plenty of good food served family style at 222 Russell Street.
TICKETS—800, $1 00 : 1,000, $2.00. Other printing at painless prices Kane’s Print Shop. 401 S 29th Phone 5206.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and pol table, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as $29.76 Supplies. C F. Ebershoff, 603 Main Street.
ROOM AND BOARD—Single beds. Continuous hot water. 6 Waldron Phone 2671.
.. . University controller, was elected national vice-president of Alpha Chi Rho social fiatermty at the Alpha Chi Rho convention held last week at Washington, D. C.
Newman Club Will Sponsor Reception
RIDERS WANTED—For round trip to New York City vicinity approximately Sun day. 6734 Chuck Coe
SINGLE ROOM—Private home, first floor, bath adjoining 414 Maple Phone 86681.
Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
Harry Monson, Newman Club president, announces that there will be a reception for students of all denominations at St. Mary’s Catholic School auditorium tonight at 8
MALE HELP WANTED—Young college man with car Travel East selling fraternities Salary See Mr Reeves. 408 Stadium, W. Lafayette.
WILL PERSON who borrowed by pen at registration, please call 36231 at once Don Hollingsworth
ANOTHER
"FIRST"
THE NEW
RED MAKE-UP
You will always wear NIGHT CLUB MakeUp for after-dark occasions—a vivid, tempting red that seems to deepen and glow beneath brilliant lights.
LIPSTICK . . . $1.00, $2.00 FACE POWDER, $1.50, $3.00
COMPACT ROUGE . i . $1.00 CREME ROUGE, $1.00, $2.00
LOEB&HENE COMPANY
%
0iptTo»iii SAYS
Whether ,J#«ber... iern 9r « P greater « care is excised in its swmal hanrllins wiii «»♦ only preserve the life ^.,11 V/lteal time according remoul*^ Discriminating men body eontoors. . . econemy. knowgeodcleon.ns-swisee
MEN'S SUITS Cleaned and Tressed.
.S5c
'TNe iowtst PMO£$ mMirs
Vim
Vigor
Vitality
The three Vs essential
in all sports are furnished hy MILK SUNSHINE FARMS
PHONE 5015
meeting Friday, September 16, room C of the Union. —HARKBR.
and cross-country Friday, September 16, at 6 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhonse. —WILKENING.
Christian Science Organization: A special meeting will be held Tuesday, September 19, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important business will be discussed. —BREWSTER.
Purdue Engineer: Editorial and business staff meeting in the office at 4 p, ni. on Friday, September 16. It is important that every one be present. —SQUIRES.
Exponent Co-eds: All sophomore girls interested in working on the co-ed staff come to meeting Monday, September 17, at 4 p. m. in the Union Exponent office. Bring schedule cards. -SCHILLING.
PIA: There will be an important meeting of the PIA board in the office Friday, September 16, at 4 p. m. All members must be present. —HINSHAW.
PEW Bowling; All PEW bowling classes will have their first meeting at the scheduled hour in the Women’s Gymnasium. Pee of $2 should be paid at this meeting. —KNIGHT.
Gimlet: Short but important meeting in room C of the Union Wednesday, September 20, at 7 p. m. All members are urged to be present. —FRAZBE.
Alpha Zeta: Important meeting Friday, September 16, at 7 p. m. in Agriculturist office. A full attendance is expected. —HITCHCOCK.
Wesley Foundation; All-student party Friday, September 15, at 7:30 at the church. Free. Puppet show by the Pattersons. —McPADDEN.
Catholic Students; Party at 8 p. m. Friday, September 16, in St Mary’s Auditorium, 12th and South Sts. No charge. —MONSON.
Novice Pistol; Students desiring to fire in the first novice pistol group should sign in supply room prior to 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 19. —CAPT. HOLMES.
M. E. Sophomores: Those intending to study Aeronautical Engineering should take course M. E. 83 (Aeronautics, Cr. 1, not yet listed in catalogue or schedule of classes). Schedule: Div. A; W 8. Div. B; Th 8 Boom M. E. 108. CAA Pilots may also elect M. E. 88 instead of 16 periods of evening ground school work on principles of flight. M. E. Juniors planning to take M. E. 93 in the second semester of this year should also take M. E. 83 the first semester. M. E. 93, First Term 1939-40. Add prerequisite Course M. E. 83. ' (9-16) —WOOD.
Mortar Board: Important meeting Friday, September 16, 6 p. m. m the Women’s Lounge. —SAURER.
Independent Staff: All present members of the Independent staff will meet in the PIA office at 7:30 p. m. Friday, September 16. -JENKINS.
Ceres: Meeting in room P, Union Building, Tuesday, September 19, at 7:30 p m. —NICKEY.
Varsity Track Men: Important meeting for all track and cross-country men Monday, September 18, at 4:30 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. —PHILLIPS.
Catalyst Club: AH nominations for pledges must be placed in the box in Dr. Lovell’s office by Saturday, September 21. Important meeting September 21 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7:30 p. m. —PATTERSON.
Freshman Track Candidates: Important meeting for all freshmen interested in track
All Debris Salesmen: Important meeting in the Debris office Friday, September 16, at 4 p. m. —McNElL.
Dolphin Club: Meeting Friday, September 16, in Field House. Discussion of active rolls, year’s program, freshman reception, and aquacade. —HARRIS.
Episcopal Students: Freshmen eds and co-eds are invited to be guests at the Pans Home for the freshmen dinner Friday, September 16, at 6 p m Upper classmen are urged to attend this dinner to welcome the freshmen. This dinner will be held in the parish house which is at the side of the church at Sixth and Ferry streets. —LYLES.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, September 18, at 8 p m. in room F of the Union. Bring reflectors. —REILEY.
ROOM—All modern Sin^e beds, inner- Airplane Club Members: There will be a
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Tin Shop
• School Supplies
john Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Mairi St.
• Professional
Blue Prints Black and White Prints Direct Process WEST SIDE BLUE PRINT SHOP 125 West Stadium Ave
R, j. BATH WATCHMAKER 605 Main St.
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR HAROLD 1 RISK DR ROBERT G RISK DR LUTHER A RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777'
• Photographs
SCOBEE'S REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits - - Photo Supplies 105 Vine W Lafayette
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main St. Phones 7955-8050
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop 221 State St. W. Laf.
• Locksmith
CLARK'S FLORAL COMPANY Most exclusive assortment of corsages available to Purdue Students 527 Mam St. Phone 5432
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Beauty Studio
• Dine
CORRECT Beauty Treatment Kienly Beauty Studio
Try Some of Our Home Made Ice Cream and Candy Glatz's Confectionery Main and 6th St.
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
RUDY'S i9ine . . . Dance Afternoon and Evening U. S 52 at Lindbergh Road
• Printing
• Play Golf
IS HRInting Oiilca Stationery , , ^ I Wedding Invitation! PHONE ^ Sale! Book*, Etc,... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
Day and Night Driving Range Now Open at LINEE'S FIELDS Golf Clubs Repaired