J <
i'
'.*- •>' ,
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy, continued cold today; tomorrow, fair and warmer.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY March 17, 1333 Lafayelt®, Indiana
VoL50
No. 143
Z-186
Happy Felton To Play For
Dr. Phillips, Noted Pastor, Will Deliver
Caroline Scott Selected As
Cotillion Dancers Tonight Message At Convo Queen Of 1939 Junior Prom
WSGA Allows Co-eds Two O'clock Hours For Dance To the tune of “Music with a smile in the Happy Felton style,” Allen Dilts, committee chairman, and Geneva Lemmon, of Winamac, will lead 400 couples in the Grand March at 11 o’clock during the Sophomore Cotillion tonight in the
Union ballroom.
The dance, sponsored by Skull and Crescent, will last from 9 till 1 o’clock. WSGA announced that coeds have 2 o’clock hours for the
evening.
In front of a simple black backdrop with the words “Sophomore Cotillion” spelled out in gold letters, Happy Felton’s band will sit with the two letters “SC” outlined on the curved fronts of their music
stands.
Lights Behind Skulls The only lights in the ballroom will be concealed behind gold skulls around the walls of the ballroom. Crepe paper will he used to decorate the cafeteria, which will also be used for dancing to the music of Felton’s band through the use of an amplifying system. Last night only 250 of the dark blue leather programs had been claimed at the Union checkroom. These should be obtained as soon as possible, stated Jackson in charge of the check room. Across a “top hat” on the front of the programs lies a gold cane and in the lower right hand corner is a gold Purdue seal. Banquet Before Dance Preceding the dance members of Skull and Crescent and their partners and guests will attend a banquet in the faculty lounge. During the banquet, members of the organization will receive their keys. The other members of Dilt’s committee are John C. Van Horn, Jean H. Brooks, Robert P. Bratten, William S. Rehm, and Robert G. Mas-
sey.
Major Reeves To Take Post Here In Spring Major Andrew R. Reeves, of the United States Field Artillery, at present attending the command and general staff school at Fort Leavenworth, Kan., will take up du^s at the University upon his graduation this spring. Major Reeves, after several years service in the Mississippi National Guard, was promoted to the I’ank of captain in the U. S. Field Artillery in July, 1920, and to the rank of major in 1936.
Allen Dilts
Geneva Lemmon
Ag Library Grows From Chicken Yard Home To $75,000 Room In Ag Experiment Station By Mo'rgan L. Miers "
Located on the second floor of the Agricultural Experiment Station is a library one-third the size of the University library. Few people know about it as it is used principally by staff members and graduate students, or students who are working on technical theses. Its history is older than that of the University library as it was formerly in the old wooden building that is now located in the poultry yards. When the Ag Experiment Station was built in 1910 the few volumes possessed were transferred to the present site in the new building, and through the years have grown to the presei^t number of about 20,000 volumes^ and contains several hundred thousand pamphlets, bulletins, circulars, reports and
reprints.
Little Duplication Little duplication occurs with the University library since the Experiment Station’s book collection includes subjects dealing principally with biology, agriculture, and chem-
istry.
The Station librarian, Ivor Sempill, takes charge of the exchange bulletins with the 48 states and 42 foreign countries. Bulletins can be found from Africa, India, China, Japan, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, University of Pretoria in South Africa, and many other parts of the world. Large, bound volumes from all the provinces of Canada contain the best foreign material.
Remodeled In Oak
The room was recently remodeled
in oak to match the original and a suspended balcony was added to accommodate five or six thousand more volumes as well as make additional study space. Stacks in matching oak have also been ordered. New lighting fixtures will be in-
stalled in tl^e near future.
Valued at approximately $75,000, the book room covers a portion of four floors, although the upper two floors are used for the storing of old books and pamphlets while the lower floors contain all recent pub-
lications.
Concerning Dr. Harold Cooke Phillips, the final speaker in this year’s series of religious convocations to be held Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick says, “His preaching speaks for itself— clear, straightforward, talking to real people about real prob-
lems.”
Although this is Dr. Phillips first appearance on the campus, Dr. Laurence Hadley, Chairman of the religious convocation committee believes, “that there is every reason to expect that Dr. Phillips will measure up to the standards set by the men who have been here before.” Became Citizen In 1922 Dr. Phillips was born in Jamaica, British West Indies and became a naturalized American citizen in 1922. His education and training for the ministry has been very complete, receiving his B. A. degree at Denison University, his M. A. at Columbia, and various other degrees. He was ordained into the Baptist Ministry in 1922. A member of two fraternities, the author of three books, and an experienced pastor Dr. Phillips was chosen a delegate to both the Oxford and Edinburg World Conferences in 1937. Dr. Phillips is a favorite with the young people and his message concerns, “Our Emancipated Genera-
tion.”
Model Plane Club Senate Cliosen Committee Announces
Choice Following Meeting Last Night
To Elect Officers At Second Meeting With 32 students attending the first meeting last Friday, model plane builders will again meet tonight in room C of the Union at 7 to receive several reports, and, if there are enough present, elect of-
ficers.
H. Vellinger "and R. L. Miller, of the general engineering department, and R. A. MacGregor, of the applied mechanics department, have agreed to act as sponsors of the club and R. 0. Wickersham, mechanical engineering department, is expected to accept a like invitation. Plans for using the attic of the Union as a store room for the model planes will receive discussion, along with reports about flying in the Fieldhouse; on joining the NAA, model division; and the midwest model contest. As yet no field has been selected, but the club hopes to rent one for its use.
Remainder'Penguin Club'Tickets Go On
Trouble With Hitler ^^l® This AftemOOn
Sure, Says Murphy
To Lead Cotillion Staff Members To Attend PEA Regional Conference Several Purdue staff members will paiticipate in the Progressive Education Association’s second regional conference to be held at Ball State Teachers’ College tomoi’row. Director F. B. Knight; Prof. Harriet E. O’Shea; Prof. Muriel McFarland; and Keith Perkins, of the division of education and applied psychology; c^nd Mrs. Katherine Read, instructor in home adminisi tration, wij’ take part in panel discussion groups on phases of progressive education. William M. Floyd, principal of Morton School, West Lafayette, will also participate in discussion of school and community relationships.
“Trouble with Hitler is inevitable,” was the opinion stated by Prof. C. B. Murphy in a review of Hitler’s book, “Mein Kampf,” before the Cosmopolitan Club last last night. Speaking to a group of 150 members and outsiders in the faculty lounge. Professor Murphy reviewed Hitler’s life and showed the connection between his early experiences and his present policies as expressed in his book, which has become the Bible of the German people. Prof. Murphy spoke for the most part on the content of the book, which has attracted wide attention. An unabridged edition is now in the Union browsing room.
Co-ed Debaters Meet President Of WSGA
Western Conference
Debate League Today Members of the Purdue co-ed debate team will enter the Western Conference League meeting for debaters todajr^ and tomorrow at Northwestern University. The debate squad is composed of Charlotte Finney, Mildred Harper, Elizabeth Maier; Janet Morehouse, and Jane Ostrander. “What will be the status of married women in business, industry, and professions,” is the topic to be debated by teams from Purdue, Illinois, Iowa, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Northwestern. The conference will take the place of the regular series of second'semester debates for women debaters. It is the first time the Western Conference league has held such a meeting for debaters. Meets I. U. Team Purdue’s negative debate team met the affirmative co-ed team of Indiana Wednesday afternoon at Bloomington. Mildred Harper and Elizabeth Maier represented Purdue, debating on the subject, “Resolved: That the employment of married women, whose husbands are engaged in gainful occupations, is undesirable.” The affirmative team composed of Gene Pechin and Charlotte Finney met a negative team from Indiana on Monday in Indianapolis. They debated on the same subject before an audience of aproximately 100 people. I
“I am so happy I can hardly believe it is so!” was all Caroline Scott, Chi Omega, had to say when she was informed that she had been elected Queen for the 1939 Junior Promenade last night. “Caroline wS,s picked from the entire class of junior co-eds for her beauty, poise, regality, photographing qualities, and other outstanding features,” was the report of Prom Chairman Benny Burns last night.
Caroline is a junior student in the science school and her home is in Wabash. She is five feet six inches tall and says -she likes to play ten-
nis.
Virginia Hulse, four times campus beauty queen, was last year’s Prom Queen and led the grand march.
Ninety of the 200 tickets for the “Penguin Club” dance to be held March 24 in the Union ballroom are still available and will be sold for $1.60 in the lobby of the Union at 4 o’clock today, according to a report made last night by Jim-Wil-liamson, Union vice-president in charge of ticket sales. Reservation for tables will be made starting Monday at 4 p. m. in the Union
lobby.
Music for the evening will be furnished by Eddie Camden and his Shuffle Rhythm Orchestra, featuring the singing of Yvonne Belmont. A floor show will featurp a tap dance team, and a ballroPm dancing team from Chicago. Sickman Candidate For
Ann Sickman, a candidate for WSGA president in the elections to be held March 29, was erroneously reported as a candidate for secretary. The Exponent wishes to cor-
rect this error.
Florida llebafers Meet Purdue Team In Eliza Fowler Hall Florida University debaters, Shaw Foster and Selden Waldo met Purdue’s Joe Yamamoto and Mark Keane last night at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall to discuss the question “Resolved: That the United States should cease the use of public funds, including credit, for the purpose of stimulating business.” Approximately 200 persons were in the audience to see the teams debate the two sides of the question. Taking the affirmative side of the question, the Florida team showed through the use of three main points that government pump-priming should be stopped. Offering facts and figures as testimony, the Boilermaker debaters tried to disprove the southerners’ points by showing how pump-priming has been a definite factor in the nation’s rise from
/the depression.
The debate was a no decision contest, Prof. H. L. Creek, head,of the English department acting as chairman, introduced the speakers.
Bette Wasson, HE'33, To Recount European Adventures At Convo Betty Wasson, HE ’33, will tell of her experiences in central Europe during the recent crisis, at a special convocation to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday evening, March 22. Miss Wasson was an eye-witness to many of the crises in central Europe during August, September, and October. She was present at the occupation of the Czech territories by German, Polish, and Hungarian
troops. '
The only woman present at the conferences which sub-divided Slovakia, she was also the only woman to accompany the Himgarian troops as they marched into that territory. She has visited Poland, Germany, Yugoslavia, France,, and in Italy she witnessed the festivities connected with Chamberlain’s
visit.
This will be Miss Wasson’s first visit to the campus since her graduation. She has been engaged in journalism, doing most of her work in New York City, The subject of her talk will be “Crisis Correspondent—Purdue Girl Recounts Adventures in Central Europe.” Passports and season tickets of any color will be honored at this special convocation. Grad Sails To Palestine A. Finik, CE ’36, sailed recently for Haifa, Palestine, to act as engineering representative of the M. W. Kellogg Co., of New Yox-k, N. Y., during the installation of a large oil refining plant.
The committee who elected the queen last night was chosen by the Student Senate, and was composed of Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president; Martha Wood, Mortar Board president; Gordon Matthews, Union president; Harris I. Stanback, Exponent editor-in-chief; William Hart and Martha Baker, Student Senate representatives; and Benny Burns, prom chairman. Dr. Nix To Lecture Tonight On Alloys Dr. F. C. Nix, of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, will lecture on “Order and Disorder in Alloys” tonight at 7:30 in the main lecture room of the Physics Bdilding. Dr. Nix, a noted authority on the structure af alloys, is the author of many papers, and together with Dr. W. Shockley wrote a complete summary of the knowledge in the field. This article recently appeared in the Reviews of Modem Physics. The lecture will be technical in nature, but the physics department invites all persons interested to attend. K.D. Woods... . . . assistant director of the Joint Highway Research project in the civil engineering school, has been made a member of the committee C-9 on concrete and concrete agg^regates of the American Society of Testing Materials. The appointment occurred at the Societyr’s meeting in Columbus, O., last week.
Should Germany Get Back Colonies? America's College Students Say 'No'
By Joe Belden (Student Opinion Survey America) American sentiment against Hitler is pointed out in another way, this time among college students of the nation. The latest poll of the Student Opinion Surveys of America reveals an overwhelming majority of students opposing the return to Germany of the colonies taken from her after the World War. Although German colonial demands have faded into the background while Mussolini’s Tunisian aspirations occupy the center of the European stage. Hitler has many times made it known that he will accept no substitutes for territory. Some observers believe Der Fuehrer desires thp African colonies not so much for their resources as for new military bases. Hitler’s Motives Whatever Hitler’s motives are, American college students, members of the group that supplied many fighters for the last war, oppose the idea as shown by their answers to the question, “Should the cplonies taken from Germany after the last World War/be returned to her?” Survey staff members for the Exponent and the other 84 member publications found students consistent in their opinions everywhere. The national totals:
Return the colonies, said 28.1% Keep them’, said 71.9% Percentages of student opinion tally closely with those found by the polls of all voters in the United States and England some time ago. In both countries 76 per cent were against return of the possessions. Sectional Variations Sectional variations of those opposing return were not large, but they were present in the student poll: New England 64.7 percent Far Western 68.7 percent West Central 71.0 percent Middle Atlantic 71.8 percent East Central 72.7 percent Southern 76.9 percent An education studeht on the campus of the Glendale, Calif., Junior College gave the reason most often advanced for favoring return of the ''Colonies when he said, “Yes, they need raw materials.” On the other hand, a Carnegie Tech engineering student declared, “Definitely no! The psychological effect is too great—Germany would feel like she is putting something over.” An Iowa State student gave warning that although the colonies should never have been taken Droxn Germany, “nevertheless they should not be returned at this stage of the game.”£dibfuaL
THE PDBDUE EXPONENT Z\i
J’SHsduMA,
•4
FHday. March 17, 1^
"DormHories Aren't Harmful.. ... to fraternities,” Norman Hackett, nationally known fraternity leader, told 500 men who gathered at a University of Illinois Interfraternity Council meeting. “Your administration appreciates the fact that fraternities and sororities here have taken the place of dormitories and is not going to wipe them out. The dormitories are being planned to provide better housing for students who cannot afford fraternity membership,” Hackett said. These same statements apply at Purdue, for the University will never hope to, and never be able to house enough men m dormitories to constitute a serious problem to fraternities. Although it cannot happen in the near future, there is a possibility that some time all freshmen will be required to live in the dorms. This condition exists qt many other schools and generally woi’ks out to the advantage of the greek chapters. Cary Halls will only be able to accommodate about 1,100 students even after the completion of the new units. No more than 60% of thbse, or about 600, may be freshmen. This leaves nearly-1,000 freshmen per year who could not possibly get into the dorms. Thus, fraternities will have an ample number to pick from. It would piobably be to the advantage of all concerned if freshmen all lived in dorms. Fraternities would be able to pick their pledges with much greater eflSciency, and frosh would be able to choose their fraternity from experience rather than hearsay. Hotboxing and other forms of pressure pledging would be avoided. ^ Since the enrollment at Purdue has^ferown considerably in the last several years, while the number of chapters has decreased, there is a problem of crowding in many houses at present. If only three classes were allowed to live in the houses the fraternities could make their benefits available to more men, and the crowding would be eliminated. American college fraternities, according to Mr. Hackett, are entering upon a new era—a renaissance in which they will be recognized as an integial part of the college. Institutions which once resented the intrusion of fraternities are now cooperating with them in every problem . . . consequently the greatest obligation facing organized men is service to the school. “Colleges may adequately develop the intellectual, moral, and physical side of young men, but they cannot develop the social side as well as can the fraternity which provides a human laboiatory for character and personality development,” explained Hackett. These words, spoken for University of Illinois stu-
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at tiie special rate of poataee provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday durln^r the resmlar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mall subscription 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager ..R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF ManaginK EMitor L. S. Haidin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. K Insley, W. A, Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager JI. W. Nevfn Accounts Manager „.W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor — Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor— R. L. McDonald Associate Editors — _ J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE ' 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Vubltshers Representative .420 Madison Ave. NewYork, N. Y CHICAGO Boston Los Angeles - ban Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide -with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
to the Editor LET’S ALTERNATE Dear Editor: For a long time Purdue students and people in all the nearby towns have been listening to the Luncheon Dance Time program over station WBAA. They were entertained by the constant variety of new song hits and new arrangements by the nation’s top bands. The quality of this program has declined however, since McLean’s stopped handling Victor and Bluebird records, on which such bands as Goodman, Dorsey, Shaw, and even Wayne King are heard. Now we don’t hear these bands, and hear the same pieces and the same orchestras day after day. The Foster Shop handles Victor records now. Since they do a very thriving business on student trade, why shouldn't they supply records for the program ? If arrangements could be made to have McLean’s and Foster’s alternate in supplying the music, Luncheon Dance Time would return to its old excelleaice. T. J. R. Stephens, ChE ’41, H. Lux, ChE ’39, A. M. Reguly 'ME ’39.
PERSONNEL NOTES Company: A. C. Spark Plug Division, General Motors, Detroit, Mich. Representative: George Mann. Visiting Purdue: Friday noon on Maich 24, to Saturday noon, March 25. Interviewing: ME’s, EE’s, ChE’s majoring in metallurgy. Employment: Available in production. Salary, $130. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school.
^pinacL
By Betty Wickard Blue skies and sunny days— spring is here at last, and with it comes the feminine longing for new clothes. Easter is early too, this year, and everyone wants an armful of pretties for the dress parade on April 9th . And what does Dame Fashion smile on for the new season ? Here it is, the whole story in a nutshell. The entire spring picture is dominated by one theme—youth. There is youth in the lilting swing of both
swagger and fitted coats. There is youth in reefeis, feminized with soft let-out darts and pleats at the waistline. The fitted swagger style IS the latest thing for chic style leaders. This type will lend itself very well to the gay colors, the new blues, glowing tans, and the spring wines and fuchsia shades. Color is the thing in tweeds as well as plain colors, and stripes are the rage. Suits, those old spring perennials, emphasize pattern and piain combinations, the “little” dressy suit with a fitted jacket, the reefer and skirt—a very practical combination, and tailleurs with a new feminine dressmaker look. Never have we seen youth so emphasizad as in dresses. Swing skirts, slim basque waistlines, coy' petticoats, girlish necklines, and lingerie touches make every girl a “little gild.” Costume suits such as redingotes and dresses with separate jackets are important, with navy a leading color
By Betty Wickard Show: “Off The Record.” Where: Lafayette Theater. When: March 16-18. Bobby Jordon, the skinny longhaired little tough guy one usually sees in “Dead-End Kids” pictures, is on his own for the first time in “Off the Record.” He turns in the usual fine performance in a hackneyed story about the “tough kid” who leforms. Joan Blondell and Pat O’Brien adopt Bobby and reform him the hard way. Murders and a diamond theft -eomplicate the fast-moving story. Henry Armetta and three chubby Italian children make meiry in a comedy short “Home, Cheap Home.” Immoidial paintings, including the famous “Blue Boy,” beautiful in technicolor, make up an absorbing short subject.
DRESS REHEARSAL FOR DANCE RECITAL Sunday, Mar. 19,2:30 P. M. DANCE RECITAL Wed., Mar. 22,8:00 P. M. CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, MARCH 25th BALLET AND TAP P. M. ALLEN, Instructor ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
LUHA TODAY-SATURDAY
—- PLUS —. 'Nancy Drew, Reporter'
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Bullet Blazing Drama Of a Front Page Killer! I AM A CRIMINAL — WITH — jOHN CARROLL KAY LIN AKER
IT'S FIRST RUN — PLUS — A Drama of Royalty That Would Make a Horse Laugh! JOE E BROWN FIT FOr"a king Also Donald Duck Cartoon
Niffht Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Howard Friday, March 17, 1939 dents, are gospel truth as far as this University is concerned. Purdue’s administration is anxious that fraternities prosper and is willing to cooperate at every point. The process of integration which will bring the school and the chapters into closer union is beginning. The University will not try to control or dictate to the chapters—it will hope to work together with them on the problems of educating Purdue students.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY SUSPENSE WITHOUT A LETUP S
— with — CHARLES FARRELL JACQUELINE WELLS — and —
— ALSO — THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
This mornirtg. We are dedicating this article of love to all the little worms now boWing down before their Highnesses, the ACTIVES! From the Pi Phi house . . . “Good morning, your highness, I am a little worm” etc. . . . from the Kappas —“I am a lonely little worm, I sit and cry all day, etc.” . . . from the Chi O’s—^“Still a worm . . .” And fraternity row is trying to burn up the Pi Phi pledges alive . . . seems the S. A. E.’s (pledges, of course), have built a small fire in front of the sorority house ... the boys have constant watch over the fire to keep it in existence . . . the poor girls are made to run upstairs, get a mouthful of water,- then put it on the fire to quench the flames! Here’s one just as good about the ATO’S . . all through the night, the pledges gather in a body to inform persons surrounding a mile of the house the correct time in 16 minute intervals . . . the idea isn’t bad but there are a few people who want to get a little sleep! Last but not least, comes the traditional pajama race between the Sigma Nu worms and the low lifers of the Theta Xi house . . . The one high light of the race must have been the run around the Theta house . . . hope the Thetas don’t blush too easily . . . everyone to their own opinion! . . . and after seven years, the Sigma Nu’s had to get out a dull, dirty cup and spend many miserable hours shining up the thing . . . just to turn it over to unworthy opponents! . . . So begins another chapter in the life of Purdue pledges. —B-B— When boys get together for a well-known bull session, the thing isn’t supposed to end up in a good old fist fight . . . PAUL SHELLABARGER, TOM MULLETT, and BILL ERICK started with a fist fight on a very small scale . . . the room got too small, exit to the back of Cary Hall . . . the back yard got too small, so the boys finally ended up back of the stadium!... the outcome . . . they all fell into a mud puddle so it turned out to be no one’s fight ... a dirty deal all the way around! —B-B— For a distinguished student, this little gal has certainly been OFF THE BALL! A certain student by the name of IRENE SUTHERLIN
"There you are, Sir—all set for your appointment at the income tax bureau.”
is planning to go to the Junior Prom when the showdown will come . . . with Don? ? ? and to the Senior and just which one will take Irene Prom with John??? . . . wonder to the Junior-Senior Prom!
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK^I^
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
rflMlg SATURDAY THE SEASOM'S EASIEST. EUKKIEn lAUWAItADE
• ON THE SCREEN •
A^POli ^ OUR NERVE
• AOMtSSION •
All SEATS 25t ';C“
All SEATS 30t
2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING
15c - 30c - 40c
LYNN BARI • JUNE GALE — ^ Guinn Williams. Michael Whalen. Edward Brjflh^ Stage ShoWS 8:00-10:00
LAST DAY—Chas. Ruggles, Mary Boland in "BOY TROUBLE'> >
Midwestern Track Stars To Compete In Seventh Annual Butler Relays Tomorrow Midwestern track teams will trek to* Indianapolis tomorrow to compete in the Seventh Annual Butler Relays. Michigan, recent victor in the Western Conference indoor meet, and Notre Dame, top-heavy winner of the Central Collegiate conference meet, are the favorites to battle for top honors.
Originated in 1933 by 3oilermak- ■'
er Track Ooach Hermon Phillips, who was then head coach at Butler, this fine track event has grown until it is now recognized as one of the best meets of the indoor track
season.
Michigan Looks Good Completely dominating midwestern indoor track for the last five years, the University of Michigan track squad has been both Butler Relay champ and Big Ten indoor champ during that period. The Wolverines, gave indication of continued top-ranking in this field by taking their sixth straight Big Ten indoor title last Saturday, so they will be the favorites to repeat at Indianapolis tomorrow. There will be a number of other strong teams at the Butler Fieldhouse that expect to have something to say about this year’s winner. The best track men that the midwest has to offer -will be competing for individual and team honors^ Indiana, Illinois, Michigan State, Wisconsin, Ohio State, and Notre Dame will be in the funning for top positions. Twenty-two teams and 330 men have been entered in the, meet. Only two Boilermaker stars have
been able to cop individual Butler Relay championships in recent years. Ken Sandbach set a new world’s record for the 60 yard indoor high hurdles in 1934 and Bob Lemen captured the low hurdle title last year. Boilermaker Entries Three relay combinations, two of them built around Captain Art Bodeau. Big Ten indoor half-mile title holder, and Ed Holderman, rapidly developing sophomore miler who took fourth place in the conference championships, are being groomed by Coach Phillips to compete at Indianapolis. The Boilermaker twomile relay combination with Bodeau running as anchor man, is expected to be a real threat. Knapp, Holderman, and Marozick will complete the quartet. The same foursome is expected to compose the four-mile entry. Holderrrian, who was timed at 4:18.2 in the Big Ten championships, although he had been out of training due to.dllness, will add a lot of punch by running at the anchor position. '' Purdue’s third relay combination will be in the one-mile, with Luther Simmons, and Shackleton practically certain entries. The fourth
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
DRUGS • SODAS
W. J. ARTH, '37
PHONES 4094-4095-
• SUNDRIES D. N. HANSELL, '37
■ WE DELIVEft
littrcixaural Musings % By Jim Hebbeler Fraternity basketball is the subject of greatest interest in intramural sports at present, with the Class “A” title finally decided after two protests by the defeated Lambda Chi outfit. The Kappa Sigs have definitely earned the title with a 17 to 15 triumph and survival of the two arguments.: Meanwhile, the Kappa Sig “B” team has advanced to the final^ in that tournament and now awaits the winner of tonight’s semi-final game between the SPEs and the Phi Belts. The SAM’s badminton combination of Jim Mann and H. Goldstein walked off with the fraternity title in straight games over the defending champion Phi Tau team of Hal Williams and Ken Snyder. These teams represented a field of 27 that started the event, quite a number for a formerly insignificant sport. In the way of ward athletics, we have the squash tournament beginning Monday and the bowling affair to get started probably a week from this Saturday on the town alleys. Entries for both are still being taken on the intramural bulletin board.
man will be decided by a time trial between Bodeau, Holderman, and Menke. In addition to these three relay entries, Purdue’s colors will be carried at the Butler meet by Steve Gutting, who took fourth place in the 60 yard high hurdles last year •and finished a very close and much debated second to Gedeon of Michigan at the conference meet last Saturday.
Large Squad Goes To Indianapolis In Wrestling Final Grappling in its final match of the, season, the Purdue wrestling squad will travel to the IndianaKentucky AAU, which will be held in Indianapolis tomorrow, to conclude their season against various YMCA and college teams to be represented there. Coach Claude Reeck is taking a large squad of about 18 men to the tournament. The team will be enlarged by the addition of a number of freshmen on whom the coach is basing much hope for next year’s team. Members of the Purdue squad are 123 pounds—-Fredericks and Anderson. 134 pounds—Roche, Anderson, and Thompson. 145, pounds—Malmquist, Rawlins, Wadleigh, Lindeman, Huston. 158 pounds—Seybold, Camperman ^nd Beem. 191 pounds—M. Aronson. Heavyweight—A. Rossi and I. Rossi. Intramural Schedule
Today RIFLE 4:16—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 4 ;46—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Annual Affair Includes Fratemiiy, Ward Team Races And Many Individual Events Featuring practically all kinds of sports, the annual Athletic Carnival will be held next Thursday night in the Fieldhouse, with both ward and fraternity events as well as individual performances being included.
One o4 the main attractions will be a one-mile walking race for coed organizations, giving the eds a chance to see the women trek the distance for the regular 25-cent ad-
mission price. Other Events
BASKETBALL Court 1—Wltsman. 7 :00—Ward lOX vs. Ward -11. 7 :16—Ward 12 vs. Cai-y Hall 10. 8 :26—Kagawa vs. Rochdale. Court 2—Smithson. 7 :00—Ward 6X vs. Ward 12A. 7:16—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Court 3—Aronson. 7 :00-^Ward 4X vs. Ward 2B. 7 ;16—^Luma vs. Marwood.
Pirates Play Opening Game Of Spring Tour At San Diego Today
Opening a 29 game spring training tour which will be climaxed by their encounter with the Boilermakers on April 15, the Pittsburgh Pirates will play San Diego there today. The Pirates have been working out at their training camp at
San Bernardino.
Tomorrow and Sunday, the Bucs will meet up with their first big league opposition of the current season as fhey face the Chicago Cubs, who nosed them out of the National League championship in the last few games last fall. Carl Swan, president of Gimlet Club which is sponsoring the appearance of the Pirate team on the Purdue campus, announced last night that all students holding athletic passports, and all staff members having similar privileges will be able to purchase tickets for the contest at a reduced price of 40 cents. The regular admission price has been set at 76 cents no seats reserved. Advance orders for tickets may be made at any time in the ticket office in the Fieldhouse.
lower'd an
I
amoar
Enhance her beauty by presenting her with just the right kind of a corsage. There are flowers for every type —sophisticate, demure or junaesque.
QIioUtL 3>l£fmL Qo.
Phone 5432
527 Main
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUABE FINE JEWELBY AT MODEBATE PBICES
Decker's
SPRING & SPORTS In spring baseball you require new equipment for your team. This need we fill with our moderately priced quality goods. Come in now and select the equipment for your team. Baseball Supplies Baseballs $1.50, $1.35, 95c and others Gloves $7.95, $5.75, $4.95 and others
Golf Supplies This warm weather makes us want to play golf. To prepare for the day come down and look at our high grade bags and clubs. You're going to need them soon.
GOLF CLUBS Woods $8.00 and $10.00 Balls 35e/50c, and 75c
518-520 Main St.
Decker's
Phone 6477
THE BEST WORK THE RIGHT PRICE
Our skillful cleaning methods leave even your finest fabrics unharmed.
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
other specialties include the half mile relay, one mile walking race for men, tug of war, football pass for accuracy, 440 yard run, wrestling, boxing,, clown stunt. Silver Derby, power pull, and the one mile run. The Silver Derby is a novelty relay race. An athletic carnival participation trophy will be awarded to the fraternity accumulating greatest number of,points. One point is given to each individual competing in the mile run, walking race, power pull, golf putting, 440 yard dash, and football pass with three points for each participant in wrestling and boxing, five points to each organization in the tug of war. Silver Derby and relay, and three points for each fratex'nity putting on a clown stunt and for each individual winning a first place. Power Puli' Another event of interest is the power pull. Each contestant must pull a sled, on which is placed a 100-pound weight. It is then a race against time to determine the plaeings. Football shoes may be used in this event and sleds are available in the Fieldhouse for practice. Fraternities are limited to one man in this race. In the wrestling division there are seven weight classes. Boxing will be divided into eight weights. The wrestlers are urged to report at the wrestling room each day for matching- and preliminaries from 4 to 5:30. Ping Pong Team Beats Hoosiers At Indiana Athletic Open House In a feature event of Indiana University’s Physical Education Open House at Bloomington Wednesday night, the Boilermaker ping pong team defeated the Hoosier players, 13-12. Weissman paced the victorious Gold and Black players by winning all five of his matches. Harris, Farr, Dunham, Nassau, and Georgiades were the other Purdue representatives. This was the second match of the season for the Boilermaker paddlers. They opened their season by defeating Illinois 13-11 at Champaign on March 11. Indiana’s team will travel to the Purdue campus to meet the Boilermakers in the closing chapter of their home-and-home series when the two teams meet as a part of the program of the Purdue Athletic Carnival on March 23.
University Bowling UNIVEI^lTY CLUB BOWLING We«k endingr Maieh 10 GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS W L Executive HI ......‘ 17 7 Animal Husbandry 16 8 Chem. Engr. I ..16 8 Jt. Highway 13 11 Ag. Engr .....12 12 Union 12 12 Ag. Chem. I 11 13 Biology ...: ...11 13 Entomology 6 18 Executive I .' 6 18 High Scores for the Week High individual games: Moore 234, 211 Glenny 209 , Frost : '. 206 Walkey .1 ; 197 Stuckey „191 High individual series; Moore .....622 High team game: Animal Husbandry ...; ..826 High team series; Animal Husbandry 2383 BLACK LEAGUE STANDINGS Chemistry ig g Civil Engr „.vjl8 6 Elect. Engr. : .’.13 u General Stores 13 n Gen. Engr. "12 13 Poultry ;.;;n 'jg r- u 13 Chem. Engr. U 9 13 Ag. Chem. II' e 18 , High Scorea (or the Week High individual games: Scott .. _ 203 Colp. ,..192. 186 Hession 193 Miller _..191 High individual series : Culp 53g High team game: General Stores .; .....777 High team series: General Stores ,8239WAA News
3boDDtL (Mil Kappa Della Rho... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of E. W. Kiser, Indianapolis.
THE FOBDUE EXPONENT
TiojticeA,
. '1p!V
PURDUE PLAY DAY Purdue Play Day will be held Saturday, March 25, in the Women’s Gym. Basketball teams from Indiana, U. of Chicago, DePauw, Ball State Teachers’ College, and Terre Haute will be here to compete. Practices for those who wish to participate in Purdue Play Day will be at 5 p. m. every day next week. CLASS BASKETBALL Class basketball pi-actice wll be Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. Those girls wishing, to be eligible for their class team must attend at least two out of three practices. Regular class games are Thursday, Friday, and Monday. INTRAMURAL BASKETBALL In the semi-finals of the intramural basketball games last night WRH-South defeated Chi 0, 20-17, and Pi Phi won over Wards 2-4, 21-14. The finals will be played tonight at 4 o’clock. MIXED RECREATION Residence Hall girls and their escorts will be admitted free of charge at the mixed recreation in the Women’s Gym tonight, following the new plan which is being sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. Only escorts of the girls in the organization which is being featured will be admitted free of charge. Other men attending must pay 10 cents. Badminton, volleyball, deck tennis, shuffleboard, and swimming are offered. Tennis shoes are re-' quired for all except swimming.
^WBAA
“THE VOICE OF PURDUE” —Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—-Purdue News Flashes. 12^0 —Time Signals. 12:15-^Agricultural Forum. 12:30—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Your World of Vision, The Story of Literature. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:15—Melody Moments. 2:30—Lantei'ns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders. 2:45—Rhythm Review. 3:00—W. Lafayette High School. 3:30—Your Town and Mine, Fowler, Indiana. 4:00—Poetry, Prose, Music. 4:30—Radio Club. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
ftOST STYLES
# Two shades of grey.;. two shades of tan . . . styled in the famous Fortune manner. These distinctive shoes will add just the right touch to your spring outfits. Come in today and see our many outstanding two-tone patterns.
B & W Shoe Co. East Side Square
Tryon, Coolmdn, J. P. Doyle, Eclcstein, P. W. Pisher, Hrast, Hymen, H. C. Johnson, A. P. Knapp, Kuzmitz, McClarren, Marks, C. P. Reed, Schreiner, Wickersham, 0. J. Campi —PICKERING.
ClsLSsiiied Ads MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street;
Geology 5: The examination fox removal of conditions in Geology 6 will be given' Saturday, March 26, from 1-4 p. m. in room 207, ■ Heaviion Hall. All those who plan to take the examination see me before Wednesday, March 22. —SERVISS.
Johnson, R. A. Buckles, J. A. Kirlin, E. P. Senk, R. C. McNeil, G. M. Bayles, D. W. Bell, T. W. Conron, E. E. Coolman, P. G. Dougherty, L. E. Poust, M. W. Galliers, D. W. Herr, V. H. Lewis, W. G. McLaughlin, H. R. Mitchell, M. L. Munson, C. C. Schmuck, S. E. 'Vinson, M. E. Wickersham, K. G. Hookanson. —HENSLER.
Wardrobe Committee: Meeting of wardrobe committee for the Varsity show at 4 o’clock Friday, March 17, in the Woman’s loung in the Union'. —RIVADENEIRA.
INSIST on Chamberlin's Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028. ROOMS FOR RENT HALF OF DOUBLE room, newly furnished, inner-spring mattress, twin beds. Phone 61723. 801 "Vine Street.
Outing Club: Breakfast hike to the WAA cabin will be Sunday, March 26. Meet in front of WRH South. All those wishing to go call Mona Baicom, 2430, before Saturday, March 26. —BALCOM. Union Workers: Will all available workers please report for work on Cotillion' decorations any time after 1 p. m. Friday, Mai'ch 17. —COOPER. WAA Class Basketball: Practice will be held Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, March 20, 21, 22. Two out of three practices, are required. ^REIMAN. WAA Intramural Basketball Finals; Winner of Pi Phi vs. Wards 2 and 4 will play winner of WRH-South vs. Chi' O game in final game to be held Friday, March 17, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —REIMAN.
Basketball Play Day; All girls interested in trying out for the team report to the Women’s Gym Monday, March 20, at 8 o’clock, —REIMAN.
Forestry Club: Important meeting Tuesday, March 21, at 7 ;30 in the Horticultural Building.* Foresters Ball committee will be elected; Oificers for the coming year ■Will also be elected and the senior award will be made. Meeting will be short. —GLAZEBROOK.
Freshmen Engineers: Civil engineering camp announcement bulletins for 1939 may be obtained in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building. (3-24) —LOMMEL.
Freshmen Exponent Workers: The following editorial staff will work for these days: Monday, O’Connell, Etter, Robinson, Pickett: Tuesday, Mueller, Fletcher, Kennedy, Rohwer, Sears, Ochiltree : 'Wednesday, daggers, Jarrett, Shallerup, Sldwell, Schlossberg; Thursday, Parks, Hays, Elvis, Hupp, Ruffner: Friday, Payne, Kung, Taugott, Anderson, Powers ; Saturday, Heaton, Mothmann, Kepner, Smith. See notice on bulletin board. —HARDIN. WAA Badminton: All matches must be played before Saturday, March 18: Hollingsworth vs. diver, Chaffer vs. Walker, Phillip vs. Johnson, Willy vs. Harrison, Swift vs. Sawyer, and Westover vs. Thomas. —FISHLEI6H.
Conditions in CE 21; The examination
Friday, March 17, 1939
for removal, of C grade in OE 21 Will be given in room 801, Civil EngIneOridg Building, from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, March 26. Please consult me at once. (8-22) -^ONESON. CE 69 Conditions: Exanllhation for the removal of ‘C”_ grades will be given Sat«t 1 p. m. In room 201 of the CE Building. (3-24) -^'WlLEY. Junior Chemical Engineeits: Inspection trip assessments are due, PAy in room 107 of Heaviion Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. “-LOVELL. G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal Of “0” and 'T" grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. ^ Students planning to take the examination must make arrangements 'with the undersigned on or beforO March 16. —RISING,
N&tices
Senior Personnel Data Sheets; The following may check proof of data sheets in Debris office until 4 p. m. Saturday, March 18. If not checked, proof will be assumed correct: R. W. Shaw, H. J. Sieber, H. C.
Exponent Editorial Members: All sophomore andy freshmen workers place a list of the nights and afternoons you prefer to work on the special edition in my box before 4 p. m. Friday, March 17. Possible days Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, March 18, 19, 20, and 21. ■Workers not turning in preferences will be assigned nights not filled by those who have turned li\ their choices. Each worker should turn in at least two choices. Features should be turned in not later than Monday, March 20. For further de-. tails see the notice on the bulletin board in the Exponent office. —HOUSTON.
Freshman Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 report for engineering lectures Saturday, March 18, at 8 a. m. as follows: A-E, Civil Engineering Building; F-K, Michael Golden Shops; L-R, room 264, Electrical Engineering Building; and S-Z, room 129, Electrical Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
POPCORN A GOOD HEALTH FOOD A WHOLE GALLON FOR 15e
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
Seniors!
Purdue Student Alliance: Meeting in room A of the Union Friday, March 17, from 7 to 8 p. m. —OSBORN.
Freshman Union Workers: All freshman Union workers please report to the workshop Friday, March 17, at 4 p. m: —STOCKER.
Reamer Club: Members and pledges meeting Monday, March 20, at 8 p. m. in room F of the Union. —JACKS.
Senior Military Officers: The following seniors have not reported to Hineas for their class pictures. They must do this not later than Saturday, March 18, if they desire to be in the class picture: Duval,. Gross, Ogle, Ruth, Coen, R. C. Phillips, Prechter, Barley, Dewenter, M. L. Gregory, Hopkins; Hutchins, Kantz, N. F. Meyers, Milton C. Reeves,
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Wh'y Can't You? Dine . . . . . Dance
West Side Office 132 Vine St.
Send us Your Cords. Let the AMERICAN clean and tint ’em for Spring wear^—60c. Easter’s nearly here TOO! Avoid the Rush hy sending us your Easter-cleaning Now! •
Phone 3085
You’ll like our work! American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
- i
Come and get ’em, folks! All over the country independent Piggly Wigglys are co-operating this week to put on an exclusive Piggly Wiggly Del Monte Sale that will bring the public bigger, more sensational values in these fine products than you have seen in a long, long time. Make the most of this unusual opportunity!
ATTENTION!
Lest You Forget A Yellow Cab is quick and economical, just the thing for the occasions of the year. Take a cab to the Cotillion,
YELLOW CAB 5023 PHONES 3071
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Evirythinfl for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is aU we do, but wo do it woN. Opposite Poet Offioe Wallace Block 322 Pony St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—t>,D.S. HAROLD I. RISK—D.D5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D,S. Schultz Buildlrv 4h and Main wona 5701
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Shoe Repair
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST ,119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Locksmith
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing SKATI SHARPININa ' Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Printing
KEYS AND LOCKS Kaya for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlodis. Auto keys a specialty. BIcyclee, ac'•tasorleM and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phene 2B2I
r^RINTING once stationary. . O 1 Wadding Invitations •LinkM * Bool**# Etc. 0 : . a ^ aUB CASSEL'S 408tERRy