\i
a
Purdue ExDOnent Visitors Will View
FRIDAY
April 29, 1938
Lcdoyette, Indiana
VOL. 49 No. 166
Activity This Afternoon “Comprehensive and entertaining describes the Gala Week program on the campus which alumni and former students will attend today through Sunday,” E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, commented yesterday concerning the 1938 University Open
House.
Alumni Start Gala Week Jpdaij.’A ^ala lOsutk (^cdundoA 1:00 p. m. Registration, luncheon and banquet ticket sales—Memorial
Union Building.
1:30 p. m. Campus Open House (until 4 p. m.) for the Agricultural ^ Home Economics, Physical Education, and Science Schools, also the Library, Locomotive Museum, Power Plant, Women’s and Men’s Residence Halls, Armory, University Airport. Ag tours start at Hort Building. 4:00 p. m. Special Gala Week Review of the famous Purdue Military Band and the entire ROTC cadet units—Intramural Field (Armory in case of rain). Kenneth Washburn, head of department of painting and sculpture, school of Architecture, Cornell University, informal talk on his own paintings^—^twenty-five in exhibit— Music Room, Memorial Union Building. Women’s Athletic Association, Archery, Baseball, Tennis,
respective courts.
6:00 p. m. Dinners as arranged by secretaries of reunion classes. 6:30 p. m. Annual^ International “P” Men’s Banquet. i
Class of ’13 Banquet. ,
7:00 p. m. Campus Open House (until 10:30 p. m.) Chemistry, Engineering, Pharmacy, Physics Labs and shops in operation. Mixed Recreation—Girl’s Gymnasium. 10:30 p. m. Class parties—Memorial Union Building—Hotels—’13 Class Stag, Elks Club—’22, ’23, ’24, ’25 Classes, mixed party at
Lafayette Country Club.
Committee Announces Schedule For Baccalaureate Services Sunday Afternoon Procedure for the baccalaureate services to be held in the Fieldhouse this Sunday afternoon, at which Dr. Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton University, will deliver the sermon, was recently announced by W. P. Turner, chairman of the committee on commencement exercises.
According to the present schedule, the Fieldhouse is to be divided by a curtain into two parts, the east part to be used as the assembly room, while the west part will be used for official exercises. Candidates for degrees, trustees, faculty, and others who are to be in the academic procession, will assemble in the east end of the Fieldhouse at 2:15 Sunday in academic costume; entrance to the Fieldhouse for assembling purposes will be by
the east doors only.
Candidates Assemble
In various schools and departments, open house is scheduled to start today at 1 o’clock for the public and returning alumni to view the University in operation. Another attraction for the initial session includes the second annual International “P” men’s banquet tonight in the faculty lounge, when former Boilermaker stars join with recent “P” men to celebrate sport achieve-
ments.
Military Students Parade At 4 o’clock this afternoon the local unit of ROTC will pass in review on Russell Field. Preceding class parties in Lafayette and West Lafayette, the second of the campus open houses is scheduled from 7 p. m. until l(h30 p. m. Spectators on the tour will observe chemistry, engineering, pharmacy, and physics laboratories and shops in operation. The Purdue Order of 2jOuaves will put on an exhibition drill at 9:46 tonight on Stuart Field, northeast of the Armory which will be illuminated for the occasion. The Armory "will be open from 7 to lO p. m., with various military equipment on
display.
Receptimis For Alumni The second day of this year’s Gala Week program will open tomorrow with receptions for returning alumni in the main building of each school. A special athletic carnival tomorrow afternoon in the Fieldhouse will precede the Gala (Continued on page 2)
Dean Potter Speaks At First Conference Of Indiana Coal Men “Over 16,000 tons of coal were produced in Indiana last year, 50 per cent of it being used for domestic and state industrial use and 50 per cent being shipped out of the state,” Max Tuttle, of Indianapolis, cdimbustion engineer of the Knox Consolidated Coal Co., told 150 users, distributors, and producers of Indiana coal attending the first annual Indiana Coal Conference in progress yesterday and today at the Mechanical Engineer-
ing Building.
In a talk at the evening session of the conference yesterday, Dean A. A. Potter, head of the engineering schools, pointed out that America leads all other nations in power production. He said that this country produces one and one-third billion horse-power or 10 horsepower per capita of our population, which is equivalent to more than 400 human slaves for each of the 30 million families. In speaking on “Coal Fields of Indiana,” F. L. Serviss, University professor of geology, stated that coal was found in Indiana in 1768 by French traders. (Continued on page 4)
Exponent Peace Poll Instructions A. Check all statements , of which you approve. B. If you don’t approve or don’t know, DON’T CHECK. C. Statements under each heading are not mutually exclusive
1.
2.
4.
Questions
Check □
I favor adoption of American policies in the Far East of (a) Application of a popular Consumer’s Boycott against Japan. □ (b) Withdrawal of all American forces in China. □ (c) Application of the Neutrality Act. □ (d) Declaring Japan an aggressor and stopping all relations with her. □ (e) Collective action with Great Britain and Russia to stop Japanese aggression in China. □ (f) Repeal of the Oriental Exclusipn Act. □ I favor adoption of policies with regard to R. 0. T. C. of (a) Making it optional in all non-military schools and colleges. □ (b) Making it copipulsory in State land grant colleges. □ (e) Abolishing it entirely from non-military schools and colleges. □ I favor adoption of policies for keeping the United States at peace of (a) Unqualified neutrality in all foreign wars. □ (b) Participation in economic sanctions against aggressor nations. □ (c) Positive collective action with Great Britain, France and Russia to maintain peace by any means. Military sanctions included if necessary. □ (d) Complete isolation. □ (e) Entrance into a revised League of Nations with provisions for peaceful change and revision of treaties greatly strengthened. □ (f) Discontinuance of Neutrality in favor of Spanish Loyalists. □ (g) Discontinuance of Neutrality in favor of Spanish Rebels. □
I will fight
(a) If continental United States is invadpd. (b) In defense of American rights abroad. (c) In any war the Government may declare, (d) In no war the Government may declare.
□ □ □ □
6. I favor a military and naval policy of (a) Reduction in naval expenditures. □ (b) Passage pf the present billion dollar naval appropriations bill- □ (c) «Progressive disarmament in cooperation with other powers. □ (d) Reduction of the navy, but an increase in the army for defense of continental America. □ (e) Stabilization of the army and navy at their present level. n
Class in University.
Today and tomorrpw the' Exponent is offering^ University students an opportunity to declare their opinions on five questions of foremost international iniportance today. The above ballot may bo filled out and returned to the paper by campus or regular niaiL or may be left at the Exponent boy in the Union or at either the Union «r Lafayette Exponent office. Deadline fw submitting ballots is 4 o’clock tomorrow (Saturday) afternoon. Reoplts of the poll will be tabulated shortly after that and announced in Sunday’s il^ponent. Exponent is conducting the poll in with a nationwide survey of the Brown Daily Herald, Figures obtained at the Univeirsity will be Compared with those from 100 othet collegea throughout the country. From 9 a. m. to 8 p. m> today and from 9 tO 4 e’ekwk tomorrow* the Purdue Student AWance will mainUin a deih l» the Unjpi IpW^y tor ??“ cctyinf ballots. Extra copies will be pn hand thme.
Candidates for degrees are to assemble in four columns, designated as Columns 1, 2, 3, and 4. Column 1 will form at the extreme north side of the room, and will include candidates for degrees in Agriculture (including Forestry), followed by candidates from the Pharmacy school, and followed in turn by candidates for the advanced degrees. Column 2 will form next to the first column, and will be composed of candidates from the Science, Home Economics, Industrial Education, Physical Education, and the Public Service Engineering schools i respectively. Civils and EE’s Civils, EE’s, and chemical engineers will compose the third column, arranged in the order named. The last column, number four, will be headed by candidates from the ME school, followed by those who received their degrees in August, 1937, and in January of this year. The various candidates for degrees will arrange themselves for marching in exact alphabetical order ir> thejr respective gpopps. President Elliott Leads The academic procession will leave the fieldhouse at 2:30 through the east doors, led by President El- . liott and guests, followed by th^ trustees and the faculty, in double file, proceed to Northwestern avenue to Stadium, and thence to the west doors, where the groups will be met by ushers and escorted to their proper places. The candidates for degrees will immediately follow the faculty, leaving the building through four different doors and march to the west side of the building in four single files. In case of rain, the assembly will form the same as for fair weather, but will move to the west end pf the Fieldhouse by passing through the curtain. Students Jummed... . . . the EIpctrical Engineering lecture room last night to see the Purdqe Peace Coipmittee's free showing of “All Quiet On the Western Front.” Bob Buckles, Purdue Student Alliance representative, said, “Every available seat filled, tt^py sat pn the floor, and looked pyep ope another’s shpplders ip order to see the picture.”
Dodds Will Give Senior Address Dr. Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton Univensity. will deliver the baccalaureate sermon at the University Sunday afternoon as the closing feature of the annual Purdue Gala Week Festivities. Dr. Dodds, who was instructor in economics at Purdue from 1914 to 1916, graduated from Grdve City Pa., College in 1909 and Princeton in 1914, retui'ning after graduation to Purdue for two years’ service. In 1917, he resigned here to complete work for his doctorate at the University of Pennsylvania.
In South America
He then spent a year on the staff of Western Reserve University and for the next several years spent some time in Central America as adviser to the Nicaraguran government, during which time he served as editor of the National
Municipal Review.
He joined the Princeton faculty in 1927 as professor of politics and has bi en president of that institution since 1933. Dr. Dodds is the author of the textbook “Procedure in State Legislatures,” arid of numerous articles in the field of poli-
tics.
Carlsen To Swing For Blanket Hop
Bill Carlsen Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” will return to the campus tomorrow night to play for the annual Blanket Hop to be given in the Union ballroom from 9 o’clock until midnight. Carlsen’s band with Bill himself leading the saxophone section, features the ballad singing of Paul Skinner and the “concentrated heat wave,” Gil Rptzpn. At 11 o’clock, senior letterpaen will be'^ awarded “P” blanicpts. Although tickets for the dance are at the usual mixer price of $1 per couple, tickets to the Ross Alumni Banquet which will be hnW in the hpllrppm pariipr in the evening will ndmit hegyers tp the (Innqp ^thout additional chaxge.
University Today
TODAY’S OPEN HOUSE PROGRAM
8 a. m.—Registration in Michael Golden Shops. High school draw-
ing and shop exhibition, Michael Golden Shops.
9 a. m.—Assembly in lecture room, Michael Goldeti Shops, with special demonstrations in wood shop, forge shop, foimdry, and the
machine shop.
1 p. m.—Assembly in lecture room, Electrical Engineering Building, with demonstration of Telsa Coil. 1:30 p. m.—Open house in the schools of agriculture, home economics, and science. Armory, Airport, Power Plant, Locomotive Museum and Residence Halls. 7-10 p. m.—Open house in schools of chemical and metallurgical enginering, civil engineering, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, pharmacy, and physics, and department of practical me-
chanics.
1:30-4 p. m.—Open house in schools of agriculture, home economics, sciencp, military department, Airport, Library, Residence Halls, Fieldhouse, Power Plant, and Locomotive Museum'. 7-10 p. m.—Open house in schools of civil engineering, chemical and metallurgical engineering, pharmacy, mechanical engineering, and department of practical mechanics, power plant, and departm^oit of physics. Designated as High School Day, the University has arranged an Open House program today from 8 a. m- until 10 p. m. for high school students, their parents, and friends who wish to witness the University in operation. Officials of program arrangement
pointed out that there will be shop and drawing demonstrations for interested junior and senior high school students to study. The program for this group will start at 9 o’clock this morning. Exhibit Telsa Coil Students from the school of elec-' trical engineering will demonstrate the high voltage Telsa Coil in the Electrical Enginering Building laboratory at 1 p. m. Another feature of the program, will be the open house scheduled today from 1 to 10 p. m. Visiting groups will inspect this afternoon the schools of agriculture, science, and home economics, the Airport, Fieldhouse, Residence Halls and the Armory. In conjunction with the curreht Gala Week program, a military review will be held by the University ROTC in honor of visiting alumni on intramural field at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Donald K. Wells Eleded PIA Prexy For Coming Year Garnering 125 votes out of 223 cast, Donald K. Wells, junior chemical engineer, was' elected to the presidency of the Purdue Independent Association yesterday at a special election held in the Union Building lobby. Opposing candidate Ralph D. Maby, junior ag, received 98 ballots in the voting. “As president of the PIA, I will do everything in my power to extend the prestige of the organization, and to promote the present and insure the future of Independent students” said Don after the election, necessitated by a tie between Ralph Maby and himself at the regular election last Tuesday.
WPA Leaders Meet In Union; To Discuss Relief Recreation Dr. Edward C. Linderman, Washrington, D. C., national director of the Works Progress Administration, sppke before 400 Indiana recreation leaders in the Union Building last night. He discussed the functions of volunteer lay committees in connection \rith leisure time. This session was the first statewide gathering of Indiana WPA recreation committees. Visitors included WPA recreation directors, national recreation leaders, state directors of extension departments of 13 middlewestem states, representatives of the Department of Agriculttire in Washington, and regional WPA officials. Townsend Talks Other speakeie at last night’s dinner meeting were: Governor' M. Clifford Townsend; Bruce Uthus, of Chicago, WPA field representative; John K. Jennings, Indiana WPA director; and Hartke, who reported on the recreation activities in connection with work relief from the start of the program in the fall of 1934. In his talk, Governor M. Clifford Townsend credited the WPA as being one of the very few agencies that has realized the need for adult as well as child recreation. He also stated that “while it is essential that children be given opportunity to enjoy a healthy childhood and adolescence, it is also important that workers, housewives, and the unemployed have an opportunity to enjoy themselves.” Annual Egg And Chick
Iras loPlaj For SI»wOl»«Willi500
Cary aub Formal
Clyde Lucas and his California Dons have been engaged to play for the Cary Club spring formal dance, to be held in the Union ballroom, Friday, May 30. Lucas and his orchestra will come here direct from an engagement at the Baker Hotel in Dallas, Tex. Lucas and his band of 16 members are known for their continental style of music. Three years ago his band played for the interfraternity ball. ■The Cary Club spring formal will be a closed affair, with dancing from 8:30 to 12:30. Kap fM Delta Rho. •. . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Kenneth L. Kjmmel, Vincenne^; and William J. Slone, Alexandria.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally, fair and cooler today; tomomw fair and warmer. , Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 70; low, 64; mean, 67."
Purdue’s thirtieth annual Egg Show and sixth annual Chick Show opened last night in the Poultry Building with approximately 500 entries expected to be registered In the show by the deadline of 2 p. m.
today.
Judging of the entries in the egg and chick show is expected to be completed by this evening. The exhibitions will be open for public inspection between 8 a. m. and 9 p. m. today and tomorrow. Nutrition Exhibit “Snow White and the Severn Dwarfs,” a nutrition exhibit borrowed from the Home Ectmomics school, will be on display at the show. Each of the dwar^ bolds a placard telling one of the seven nutritive values of eggs. Next 'Tuesday, tbq committee in charge of the show will spemsor u banquet in celebration of the thirtieth annual Egg Show. Otis Crane, foqndar of the Egg Show, in 1908, and now vocational agricultuce teacher in Marion, will be the principal speaker for the banquet. The banquet will be ludd in the Home Economic Building csfetmria. 'Hcketa nay be purehnaedt «t the Poultry Building for 06 eeiila.1^'
£dihhiaL
THE PUBDOE EXPONENT
diuumft.
Friday, April 29, 1998
Administration Moves Onietlv Several weeks ajjo we remarked —in an editorial concerning the possibility of a repeal in the voluntary attendance ruling—“But when the University administration decides to put an unpleasant regulation of any soi*t into effect, it has a way of doing it at the time when students least expect a change . . . when they are least ready to combat it.” We’re not going to take back that statement, or anything of the sort, but perhaps we should modify it: Quite often the University administration comes through with an fmexpected action that reacts pleasantly with the students. Witness recent announcements from the President’s office that the faculty has appi-oved a resolution for the placing of copies of all final examinations on file in the Library. Our editorial column of last February 4 had something to say about establishing a central examination file, but at that time we were not hopeful enough to think the University might lend a hand. In fact, we wrote: “Most desirable arrangement is for the Univei’sity to set up..^stich a file—say in the Library . . . but chances are it would take a lot of persistent talking and campaigning to persuade University officials to act on the project. The next best solution is for some student organization to collect the exams, with the assistance of other gi’oups.”
'P' Men's Banquet Features Awards To Net Champions Among the highlights of the annual Gala Week festivities this week-end will be the presentation of gold basketballs to the major letter winners of Purdue’s undisputed Big Ten championship hardwood squad. This presentation will be made at the second annual International “P” Men’s Club banquet, which will held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union tomorrow evening at 6:30. W. F. Fox, Jr., well known sports writer and commentator of the Indianapolis News will be the principal speaker of the evening. Gene Anderson, newly elected president of the “P” club, will introduce Joe Mihal, co-captain of next year’s football team, who will act as the toastmaster. .\nd w'e suggested that the Purdue Independent Association might cairy out this function handily . . . and we had planned to work toward that end later this semester, when student minds would entertain the idea more readily. Yes, the University will start an examination file in the Library with copies of this June’s finals . . . and another Exponent campaign^ is foiled almost before it was started. But we’re not kicking.
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy POPCORN—Sacks 5c, 10c; Gallon 15c CANDY—Large selection—all fresh. CIGARETTES 15c and 10c Hot Roasted Peanuts, sack 5c Pepsicola, Coca Cola, Root Beer, Pop 5c Caramel Crisp 10c Ice Cream and Ice Cream Bars. Small Pres 5c; Twinkles 5c
No room for crabs in the Union! —cause everbody enjoys the restful lounges. Those who seek more active relaxation while away the time in the card room, billiard parlor, or bowling alleys. Do you visit the Union at least once a day? You should. ' »— JhsL fijuAdusL TnmufdaL lAniDfL Comer of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Tennis Squad Plays Af Indiana Today Coach Larry LaBree’s tennis squad is leaving for Bloomington this morning at 8 o’c’ock, where they art scheduled to meet Indiana, Illinois, and Ohio State in a quadrangular contest which will last two days. The Purdue squad will play Indiana this afternoon, Illinois tomorrow morning, and Ohio State tomorrow afternoon. The Boilermaker squad is in a crippled condition, since Wakefield is unable to play and a majority of the squad is suffering from sprained ankles. Wakefield, who plays regularly in number three position, i^ in the hospital with a throat infection. Representing Purdue will be Leon Gardner, Herb Fuente, Dave Blitz, Ferris Traylor, Charles Mann, Leo Brodsky, and Tom Jackson. Thaeles Sorority.,. . . . announces the election of the following officers: president, Sylvia Zussin; vice-president, Annesther Singer; secretary, Lois Fried; treasurer, Telsa Perlman; coi’responding secretary, Leona Mermelstein; pledge captain, Estelle Cohen; rush chairman," Doris Markman.
ROTC Selects Best Students Tomorrow Freshman and sophomore military students will compete at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon in Scabbard apd Blade’s Best Soldier Contest to determine the three top men in each class. Members of the military honorary will put the contestants through a two-and-a-half hour test over work covered in this year’s classroom and drill periods. Grades in the military courses will not be taken into account in , the judging—the afternoon’s performance will provide the basis for naming the winners. Medals for the first three students in each division will be presented at the Inspection Banquet, May 12. Lamb^ Chi Alpha . .. . . . fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: R. A. Krull, Hobart; T. D. Lantz, Anderson; T. C. Noland, Woods Hole, Mass.; J. W. Christy, Indianapolis; G. J. Sauter, Hobart; C. V. Flaherty, Lorraine, O.; F. Miller, Richmond; J. B. Johnson, Lake James; G. O. Gale, Petersham, Mass.; J. F. Wadsworth, Barberton, 0.; F. W. Vollmer, Roosevelt, L. I., N. Y.; C. W. Heady, Indianapolis; E. P. Slick, Walkerton; and S. B. Legg, Windfall.
How many of these Questions can you Answer? 1. What is the shortest time element an engineer has to deal with? 2. How quickly can an 8000 H.P. slow-speed steel mill motor be changed from full speed ahead to full speed reverse? 3> What is the most powerful Diesel-electric locomotive in use today? What is its horsepower? 4. The purchase and development of what patents, by whom, furnished the start of our present day universal availability of electricity? 5. What are the lumens per watt of (a) a Mazda lamp (b) a mercury lamp (c) a Neon lamp? 6. What is the De-ion principle of arc control? \ 2. Who discovered it? 8. What is a “Spencer Disc?” 9, The new streamlined streetcars are called “P.C.C.” cars in the industry. What do these letters stand for? 10. What initials, which in the United States mean simply one of many U. S. broadcasting stations, form the word for “broadcasting” in the Eskimo lang;uage? ANSWERS WILL BE FOUND ON PAGE 4
VOTE FOR A PURDUE GRADUATE . . . A PURDUE DAD CLARENCE E. BAXTER Republican Candidate for COUNTY TREASURER Primary — May 3, 1938
V OH! As I was passing Clancy’s bar, I happened to glance in. There you were—a tray in hand Serving beer and gin. I halted quick and turned inside And bodght myself a beer. My heart went bump and bump again. When you approached so near. I drank another beer, three more The fourth one made me bold, I asked you for a date, but then You glared at me so cold. I hung my head in sorrow And stalked out of the bar I gulped, and felt so queer inside I swallowed my cigar. “Some day that girl will be my wife,” I muttered to myself. “No longer will she place me on Her old back number shelf.” Next day I saw you at the bar I took you by surprise I said, “Gal, come and be my wife.” My gorsh it was a prize. You said O.K. and then we went To a justice of the peace Now we’re raising thirteen kids, Four uncles and a niece. If I had known ’twould be thirteen I never would have wed If number fourteen comes along I’ll knock him in the head. —Gribben. TO THE W R Hers: The telephone is a wonderful thing For local or distant calls Except when you’re trying to get in The Women’s Residence Halls. AMAZING TH’ MASSES . . . “Is everybody happy?” Sergeant Purchla. ‘Tt‘s out of my own pocket” Art NEW SUIT Siebenthal. “I’ll make probation” Louise COPPES Schickler. KISS-O-METER TRY-OUTS . . . . . . will be held in the Union tower room at four o’clock today. Be there to help support the University. WE UNDERSTAND . . . . . . there is to be a KISS-O-METER at the double E building during gala week . . . it’s purpose being to measure the sincerity of a couple’s kiss ... or something to that effect. We can’t understand why it is not placed under Heavilon tower to get the real McCOY. HEALTH NOTES.. . Have you noticed the boys with the little black hats since the Gimlet meeting last night. They all seem to be a little pale around the gills. We understand that they GET IT this coming Wednesday.
SATURDAY
CidMrea 15e
Alumni StartL Continued from page 1)
Week luncheon and annual meeting of the Purdue Alumni Association. In the afternoon, the traditional class parade will terminate at the Ross-Ade Stadium where spring football squads \vill play a regulation game. The freshmen will battle the combination sophomore-jun-ior team. To Honor Dave Ross Outstanding event of the threeday session, Baugh said, will be the testimonial banquet for David E. Ross, EE ’93, president of the University Board of Trustees, tomorrow night at 6 o’clock in the Union ballroom. John T. McCutcheon, Sci. ’89, will act as toastmaster during the evening’s festivities. The aimual senior-alumni dance and the presentation of blankets to senior lettermen is scheduled for 11 o’clock in the evening. Elliott’s To Receive Open house at E. C. Elliott’s house Sunday morning will be followed by the Gala Week dinner in the Union ballroom. Loyalty certificates will be presented to returning members of ’88, ’93, ’98, and ’13 classes. Baccalaureate services will be held in the Fieldhouse Sunday afternoon with Harold Willis Dodds, president of Princeton University, speaking. An exhibition of stunt flying by Mike Murphy, Kokomo, and a concert by the Purdue Military Band will bring Gala Week festivities to a close Sunday afternoon at the Airport. WAA Activities . . . . . . for Gala Week which starts tomorrow afternoon at 4 p. m., will include tennis matches, an archery tournament, baseball gamte, and a badminton demonstration at the gym.
TYPEWRITERS — Ad^ng m*ehines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 696 Main street.
LOST—Strand of pearls on Lutz, Salisbury, or South street. Reward. Mrs. Ray Southworth. Call 3773.
FOR SALE—1931 Harley Davidson motorcycle (45). Very good condition, original paint, good tires and new windshield, sprockets, drive chain. Recent 30 dollar overhaul. J. A. Busby, 101 Fowler Ave. Call' 36291.
TENNIS RACKETS RESTRUNG —Satisfaction guaranteed. R. L. Lippman 351 Noi’thwestern. Call 4726.
LOST—Black loose leaf notebook. Reward. Phone R. Culp 7014.
Lawn Mowers, Sprinklers, Fertilizer, Seeds, Hose SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
—and-
mmmn \smMe
—Also— “PAINTED STALUOir N*. 7 —Plus— “WONDER SPOTS OF AMERICA”(Q Fnday, April 29. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPOHENT
Freshman Squad Diamondmen Ptay Will Contest Varsity Wolverines Today
Track Team Today Another feature of open house in connection with Gala Week festivities will be the varsity-fresh-man track meet, which will be run this afternoon and tomorrow morning. Although the varsity is the favorite to win the meet, the freshmen boast a number of men who are given good chances of taking blue ribbons in their events. Holderman, frosh distance star, has shown great promise and he stands an excellent chance of winning honors. Other yearling hopes are Weber in the shot put, Verink in the 100 yard dash and broad jump and Hibbs in the pole vault. To Bun 8 Events Today This afternoon, eight events will be run off. They will include the mile run, 440 yard dash, 100 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, shot put, pole vault, high jump, and the discus throw. Tomorrow morning will find the meet concluding with the half mile run, 220 yard dash, two mile rxm, 220 yard low hurdles, broad jump, and javelin throw. The time schedule for the meet is: 2:30—Mile run, shot put, and pole vault. 2:45—440 yard dash. 3:00—100 yard dash, high jump, and discus throw. 3:15—120 yard high hurdles. Tomorrow 10:30—880 yard dash and broad jump. 10:45—220 yard dash. 11:00—Two mile run. 11:15—220 yard low hurdles. FRATERNITY BASEBALL Fraternity baseball games today are postponed because of the military review on intramural field. —CLEVETT.
A NEW UNIVERMI. PICTURE wHh RALPH BELLAMY JOSEPHINE HUTCHINSON
WHi H
L — TOMORROW 5T RUN HITS! SsSag.
Diamond Coach “Dutch” Fehring left yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock with 18 baseball players for Ann Arbor, Mich., where the Boilermaker nine will enga!ge the Wolverines in a two-game series today and tomorrow. They journeyed to Coldwater, Mich., yesterday evening and spent the night there, and will continue their trip to Ann Arbor today. The team will leave immediately after the game tomorrow afternoon, and arrive here sometime tomorrow night.
The Purdue nine, so far undefeated in Big Ten competition, is rated an excellent chance over the Wolverines, who have made rather poor showings, losing their first three Big Ten starts. Fehring has selected Arnold Bredewater to start the first game against Herman Fishman of Michigan.
Alpha Zeta...
. . . agrriculture honorary society, met in Ag Hall yesterday at 4 p. m. and elected the following officers for the coming year: Chancellor, H. H. Stonaker; censor (V-P), L. S. Hardin; scribe, E. W. Swanson; treasurer, D. G. Jones; chronicler, J. L. Gobble.
Frosh- Varsity Game To Climax Spring Football Providing a climax for the athletic activij;ies in connection with Gala Week, Purdue’s spring football practice will come to an official end in Ross Ade Stadium tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock, when the Gold and Black yearlings meet the combined sophomore-junior varsity eleven in a regulation 60-min-ute game a preview of the 1938 season.
Last night, the freshmen and varsity teams were separated for the purpose of running through plays in' preparation for tomorrow afternoon’s contest. A freshman eleven composed of Rankin and Schaible ends, Rossi and Timperman at tackle. Cook and Miller at guard, Axton center, and a backfield made up of Tykocki, Clark, Schmidt, Byeleni, and Petty put on a peppy drill on Stewart Field, while the varsity was doing through a signal drill up in the Stadium. Passes Will Fly One of the highlights of the contest is the anticipated passing con-
test between Mike Byeleni of the frosh and Jim Nesbitt of the varsity. The freshman pass combhna^on of Byeleni to Rankin, the fastest man on the squad, is becoming qcdte effective, but the superior wdg^ of the varsity will give thiaT frosh pair a busy afternoon.
INDEPENDENTS All men desiring to enter ward golf and tennis singles competition sign up on entry blanks on intramural bulletin board. —MIDDLETON.
SWANK
Hold Without Holes!
1
These sraarl aids io good grooming hold your collar neatly...look like pins...but make no holes to ruin your shirts. Ask your jeweler, department store or men's shop to show you the latest styles. SWANK PRODUCTS, INC., ATTLEBORO, MASS. SWANK. ..AID TO GOOD GROOMING
We Carry a Complete Line of ARROW Shirts and Ties GULLION’S West Lafayette
Along the white Quality Shoes, You can be gay m , your shoes ate secure in the you look fuUy ,man,“y are. Go tho wav the jtai
$2.98 - $3.98 SEE OUR WINDOWS for a greater variebj of whites}
In a range of rick fakrics from rougk weave koucle to luxuriant silks, you will find Arrow’s large assortment of neckties replete wi|k a colorful variety of exclusive patterns. Superkly tailored< resilient construction. Made ky tke makers of Arrow Skirts. $i and $1.50
For a Complete Line of Arrow Shirts . . . Sgg DEWENTER'S 416 Main St. Lafayette
Like Old Faithful our service can always he depended upon. Save time with a Yellow Cah.
Yellow Cab PhonesTIS PURDUE jE3CPONENT
TtolfiOUL
F^day« April 29, 1938
Dean Jordan Ends Tour After a week’s stay in New York, spent in inspecting the colleges of pharmacy in various eastern u«iversities, Prof. Charles B. Jordan, dean of the pharmacy school, returned to the University Saturday. Jordan examined the colleges in the interests of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy to which those colleges had applied for membership.
Dean Potter(Continued from page 1) "Indiana coal, if burned right, is as good as any other on the market,” explained L. F. Lang, Chicago of the Detroit Stoker Co. Lang described the uses of Indiana coal in industry, and the various types of modern industrial stokers as did A. N. Openshaw, combustion engineer from Chicago.
• Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
''DEAC" Everything for a College Educcilion H.G.
SOlHHWORra'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Pffofessiowai The Bifllc Denial Ofasie
Oft. rAui. Ju I m MAmm j. mmx WL mBmf s.. DS. L,OTaiS A.:
4th & Main
Phone 5701
Florist
HidthJ'yuM Inc. UB Ibln St. in Lem ThMtr* BiriUtav Phone 7955—8050
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yousseli THAYER'S GARAGE AcroM from Methodist Church WEST LAFATETTE Phone 51784
• Beauty Studio # EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE e Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri. mUY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phtmo 7727
• Locksmifli
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED-SHABPENED New Mowers 6.50 cmd up. Delivery service ou Mowers. MOmAUPTS PhoBS 2828-208-11M. 5«h St
The shortest time element in engineering is probably that encountered in short wave radio tube design -4 an allowance of 1/600,000,000 second for an electron to travel a fraction of an inch. 2b a Westinghouse steel mill motor of this tsrpe can be reversed from full ahead to full back in 5 seconds. 3, Westinghouse-equipped streamliner "City of San Francisco” is one of the two most powerful Diesel-electric locomotives in use at this writing — 5400 horsepower. Three years ago, the most powerful train of this tsqw was powered by a 1200 H.P. unit. 4(1, “^e purchase and development of the Gaulard & Gibbs transformer patents by Geo. Westinghouse in 1885 led to our present widespread use of alternating current, the foundation of electricity’s universal availability. 5b The lumens per watt of various tyi)es of electric lights are as foPows: (a) Mazda lamp, (60 watt size) 13.9 lumens per watt; (b) mercury lamp (250 watt size) 30 lumens per watt; (c) Neon lamp, (average tube and gas) approximately 19 lumens per watt. 5, The “De-ion” principle is one which breaks arcs into segments by passing them through a series of grids. It has completely revolutionized the construction of such arc-carrying devices as lightning arresters, circuit breakers, motor starters, and safety switches. 3, The “De-ion” principle was discovered and put into practice by Dr. Joseph Slepian of the Westinghouse Research Laboratories. 3b "Spencer Disc” is a type of thermostat which acts on the bi-metallic expansion and contraction principle to give a rifle-Uke make-and-break in electrical contacts. It is an exclusive Westinghouse electric iron feature, and is also used to protect Westinghouse motors from heat damage. 5b *^Tie initials “P.C.C.” in connection with the new streamlined streetcairs stand for "Presidents’ Conference Committee,” a conunittee appointed by the American Transit Association to design these cars. By invitation, Westinghouse engineers worked with this committee, and more than half of the cars of this type now in use are completely equipped with Westinghouse electrical apparatus. 10. The initials KDKA, representing the Westinghouse pioneer station at Pittsburgh, Pa., mean "broadcasting” in the Eskimo tongue. Wat^ for another interesting “Electrical Quiz” in a coming issue of your college pi&lication. Electricity is the greater single force in this modem age. Learn more about it — and about the companies, like Westinghouse, that put it to doing the world’s work.
Westinghouse Electric & Mfg. Co.
Pittsburgh, Ph.
Wsstin^bouse _
Notices Ms MoOmb Aae.pt.d After t pjm.
WAA BadMinton: These zames irUl be played on Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m,: J. Davison vs. K. Harlan; I. Boehm vs. G. Walker, K. Merritt vs. V. Beck, P. Clymer vs. M. Stieher, M. L. Delaplane vs. J. Shaffer. If yon cannot play at the time scheduled please call your opxwnent or forfeit the zame. —CAMPBELL.
from Supply Boom without delay. (4-80) , -i-WHISTLE®. Purdue Motorcyclists: No meetinz this week. The usual week-end rides will be taken, however. (4-80) —LENN.
Archery Tonmament: All zirls havinz three practices will Shoot Friday, April 29, at 4 p. m. —BALCOM.
National Drawinz Competition: A stronz competitive interest is beinz shown by 60 first year enzlheerinz drawinz students in the annual contest sponsored by the drawinz division of the Society for the Promotion of Enzineerinz Education. In the elimination contest, mitries have been made in all of the eizht classes which include pencil work, inkinz, letterinz, and sketohinz. The best drawinz in each class will be entered in the national competition at the annual meetinz in June at Texas A. & M. CoUeze, where it will be jndzed on the basis of theory, techniqne, practice, and judzment. First and second prizes will be awarded in each class, and shinzlee presented by the drawinz division to wintiinz contestants. (4-29) —RISING. Scriveners: Meetinz Sunday, May 1 at at 232 Wood at 7:80 p. m. Brinz manuscripts. All members must be present. Election of officers. —FELDMAN.
Seniors With Detroit Jobs: All seniors who have secured Jobs in Detroit are to meet with L. G. LeFavour, secretary of the Detroit Purdue Alumni Association, Saturday morninz, April 30, at 10 a. m. in room D of the Union. —BAUGH.
Co-ed Tennis: Six tennis courts on University street are women’s courts. Men may use them only as zuests of women students. (4-80) —HAZBLTON.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds—Meet in the Union Exponen(. office Sunday, May 1, at 6 o’clock. —PYKE.
WAA Exhibition Baseball: Friday, April 29, Ward 1 vs Residence Hall. Visitors welcome. —MAIER.
Scabbard and Blade: All members who can help with the Best Soldier Contest please report to Armory at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon* April 80, in uniform. —BAALS.
Military Students: All military students must reiiort to the Armory in uniform at 4 p. m. Friday, April 29, for the Gala Week review. The first brizade will form on the west half, and the second brizade on the east half of the drill floor. —PICKERING.
Debris: Meetinz for all juniors and sophomores on editorial and photozraphy staffs Monday, May 2, at 4 p. m., in the Debris office —EHINGER.
WAA Tennis: Scheduled games must be played Firday, April 29 at 4:00. Schilling, Mather vs. Merritt, Bailey; Walker, Jarrett vs. Schuber, Gould; Major, Bryant vs. Stevenson, Thomas; Stocker, Faurer vs. Dyzert, Demoret —WALKER,
Union Workers; All available workers please report to the office Friday, April 29, at 4 o’clock. —CROSSMAN.
Best Soldier Contestants: Freshmen and sophomores who sizned up for Best Soldier Contest please report to Armory at 1 p. m. Saturday, April 80, in uniform. —COERS. Christian Foundation: Get your reservations made by noon Saturday, April 30, for P. D I conference, which will be held Sunday, May 1. Call 31824 for reservation. —CRISS.
Junior Military: Draw F. A. Book 204
Photozraphers: Those who took pictures pictures of Zouaves squad are urged to submit prints. There is no limit set on the number submitted. All prints will be returned. Put them in my military box on second floor of Armory. (4-30) —COEN.
Newman Club; There will be an important meeting of members Sunday, May 1, after the 9:80 mass. At this time elecaq ouaiC Zufinoo aifj aoj sjoa{j{o jo uoi? held. Announcement of dates for the spring dance and for the annual picnic will be made at this time. —MIEIER.
GALA-WEEK It’s time for merriment and frolic. Through-out Gala-Week, let us relieve you of your transportation problem. Ride the Street Cars. Fare 5c with free transfers. LAFAYETTE STREET RAILWAY CO.
Chesterfield and Paul Whiteman bring you preview coasMo-coast broadcast from New York '39 World's Fair Rhapsody in Blue”... thousands of happy dancers... a blaze of color . . . flags and costumes of every nation Light up your Chesterfield and join us in the preview of the New York 1939 World*s Fair, When it’s Swing time at this great opening ball it’ll be Chesterfield Time all over the country.
Jw more smoking ploisure ereryudiere Chestetfield is the right c^arette,..
CofirritM I9i», IjoBzrrSiMhnBuToJMCCQPoi.