'.m' ,‘<‘li\''< '"'4.
;;W>
^Aen,18-20, Will Register On Tuesday Students" May Choose Place Qf Residence Tuesday, June 30, is the registration date for all male citizens and all male aliens who were boim on or after January 1, 1922, and on or before June 30, 1924. The place of registration in this community is the Morton grade school, 232 Ghauncey Street, which will be open from 7 a. m. until 9 p. m. All students of the University, subject to this registration, who are out of the city on June 30 will be pei’mitted to register at the most convenient place of registration in any community. May Choose Place Of Residence For the sake of convenience University/students may wish to indicate their local addresses in West Lafaye^i^, Indiana, as their places of residence. A great saving of correspondence, long distance telephone calls and traveling expenses, involving both time and money, can be realized in this manner relative to physical examinations, deferments, and inductions. In cases of illness the student should get in touch with the as.si':tant dean of men who will act as registrar in this instance.
Established 1889
Ruin The Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 23
West' Lafayelfe, Indiana
Friday# junii ^^42
Given To Play mmmry
^kmeJenight
Saabl^afd And Blade WiJ) .Honor Plfd^a. This summers formal sea-
son wiU be officially opened by the Scabbard and Blade dance in the north Ballroom of the Union tonight at 8:30. The affair is a pledge dance given by the military honorary for the purpose of introducing the 1942‘ summer session pledges. Gift, of Lynmyooi Farm, which
comprises 623 acri in Hamilton . evrame S program will Copnty, to the statei of Indiana for ^ definitely militaristic, with the benefit of the Ui:i|iversity by Mr. dance committee marching to and Mrs. Charles J. i^aynn of Indiap- P»'esent the dance to Captain Max apolis lyas announced here yester- Spencer at 10:30. At this time the day by David E. Ross, president of active members of the organization
« ^ ““ ““'T .““7“**'^" the University Board of Trustees, will form a saber arch through
convocation in the Music Hall tonight at 7:30. Neihardt will give readings from his Epic The gift is absolute and without, res- which the pledges wiU walk, after Cycle of the West”, which tells in poetry the story of the advance of the white race to the ervation and will be ^ffeefive July l. being presented to Captain Spencer through the cooperation of the western Coast of North America and the effect of this migration upon the Indians. Sigurd The'grant indudefe not only real Captains Robert McKee community fund organization. Staff Neihardt, the ppet’s SOn, who is a concert pianist .will assist his father in the lyric and dra- estate, but also all 'personal prop- Vollmer. matic readings. ^"4 farm equij^ment including After the pledges have gone Completed after twenty-eight years of work, this epic poem from which Neihardt will read "herds of purebred prize-winning through the arch they will be pre
uso wi(i condud ^eihafdt Presents Poetic House lo House ^ ^ Canvass For Funds Of WCSt ToniOnt
Pregram To Feature Epic Cycle Of West At Convocation In Music Hall At 7:30 John G. Neihardt, poet and public speaker, will appear at the regular University summer
C. J. Lynn 0ives 623 Acre Furm 1^0 University
uso drive for the Tippecanoe quota of .$14,400 for the year of 1942-1943 open officially next week and a house to house campaign will be conducted from July 6-18. President Elliott, who left his check at the faculty meeting last Monday, was the first contributor on the
campus.
The canvassing will be done
members and employees of the University will be sent letters from the president’s office next week, and all those who send in their contiibutions immediately will receive stickers which they may put up before the start of the campaign. All others who wish, to receive stickers may send their donations to the pre.sident’s office next week.
County Headquarters
Headquarters for the USO in this county have been set up in the Horner Building at Gth and Colum-
Election Of Officers
Conference Here
contains material gathered during the many yeai^s of his close association with the dldti'mers and Indians of the
West.
The epic consists of five songs, the first of which, “The Song of Three Friends”, received the National prize of
Annual Convention Of Psi Iota Xi Opens For Two-Day Session Ifortieth annual convention of
Percheron horses, Polled Shorthorn sented with their pledge ribbons by cattle and Berkshire hogs. their dates, whose services will be
paid for with a kiss.
Reception at 10
Will Benefit University
The farm isr one of the finest
At 10 o’clock there will be a re-
equipped and best farms in Indiana, ^^e new pledges^the aca?cordingto Harry J. R6ed, director members and the guests in the of the Agricultural Experiment Sta- ^jVest Faculty lounge of the Union,
tion and Ei^tension Service. It is ex-
pected that its operation will be to- background for the dance will wards the benefit of the School of show the blade, key and bar of j\griculture and the Extension De- Scabbard and Blade and the names
^ iiuriici uuiiuiiig at oui aiiu V/Oiuiii- Bi'uce Haidy, of Sdottsbuig, was ., p . g • . « ^ ^ . j v.-i fu • -^gricmtuie anu me ii,xi;^nsion ue- .......... .........o Alt CotDS Officers volunteer women workers will reelected president of the Indiana the ^ ^ ^ Psi Iota Xi, social and philanthropic p^^tment and Experiment Station, of the pledges. The names wiU be Mfr K^urpb ^ vocational Agriculture Teachers’ the most notable volume of poetry sorority, opened at the University as well as the farming and'livestock uncovered during the presentation in West Lafayette, Lafayette, and Association Wednesday afternoon pubhshed in 1919^ yesterday with almost 200 dele- breeding industry of the' Middle ceremony. Irv Given and his band surrounding towns and luval ter- at the closing session of the twenty- The Song of Hugh Glpss is the gates from 67 chapter^ in Indiana, Members of the University Provide the music and in acritory durin'g the week of July 6- eighth annual confeience. Other of- second of the group The Song of Ohio and Michigan here for the two animal husbandry staff have worked cordance with the established cus18. fleers include C. H. Elliott, Angola, Jed Smith” was published recently day meeting. _ _ ^ynn on an edlational pro- tom no corsages will be worn. In-
Inspect Engineering Work At University Four Army Aii' Corps officers, headed by Col. Douglas Netherwood, flew from Baer Field, Fort Wayne, to the University ye.sterday in a B-18 bomber to spend several hours inspecting the woik in' aeronautical engineeiing under way at the University, particularly in the schools of mechanical and electrical engi-
neering.
The officers in the group included Univeisity graduates. Major Fiank Morman, of the 1918 class, and Major Paul I. Frieburger, of the 1931 class. The fourth officer, Capi,. Harry D. Riley served as''co-pilot of the huge bi-motored bomber which attracted considerable attention at the Purdue airpoi’t. The group of officers was entertained at luncheon by Prof. Frank C. Hoekema, assistant to the president; Controller R. B. Stewait, and Dean Harry L. Solberg, of the school of mechanical engineeiing. The Army gioup, following its inspection of the Univeisity facilities, took off for the i eturn trip to Foil Wayne about 3 o’clock in the afternoon.
Formier Student Receives Silver Star
Capt! R. H. Richards, a student
fleers include C. H. Elliott, Angola, Jed Smith” was published recently day meeting.
The county quota of $14 400 is vice-president; Harold B. Taylor, of and marked the completion of the Mrs. John A. Van Kirk, repre-
part of the national $.32,000,000 University staff, secretary, and “Epic Cycle of the West”. senting the hostess Beta Tau chap- . ^ .v, . which is being collected to be used Bateman, Garrett, treasurer. Wins Medal ot Honor ter of Frankfort, welcomed the When informed of the transactor recreational and social activ- day’s program was de- “The Song of the Indian Wars” delegates to the convention, and tion yesterday. Governor Henry F. itios for servicemen in all paits of voted to the technical aspects of was included in the White House Elwynne Griffith, of Scottsburg, Schricker said, “I think that thq gift the world Contributioiis of stu- management, soils and crops library of 500 volumes chosen from grand vice-president gave the re- of Mr. and Mrs. Lynij is one the dents will be greatly appreciated in animal husbandry with Univer- Woild Literature. “The Song of the sponse. During the morning session finest ever made to an Indiana instithis first organized USO drive to specialists leading the discus- Messiah” won for Neihardt tlje Gold routine business and preliminary tution of higher learning. As a be carried on in Tippecanoe county Scroll Medal of Honor for being consideration of various projects to source of new knowledge which PurButz, Bauman Speak the work of the foremost poet of be sponsored by the sorority dur- due University can develop there, jjj University during 193.S-36 is In the morning session Dr. E. L. the nation for 1936. ing the coming year occupied the and as a demonstration cen^^r for nowam.emberofthe42ndBonibai;dButz of the farm management de- Neihardt is now on a reading and main attention of the delegates. better livestock and better methods Squadron and stationed in partmont discussed “War Time lecture tour in which he has ap- Concert Choir Sings of crop pro^uetiqn, it pan and will gopolulu. He recently leceived the Price Control and the Indiana peaied at many colleges and uni- Mrs. Leonidas Smith, of Indian- sq^ye a fine purpose for Indiana silver Star for “gallantry in ac-
Farmer” and R. H. Bauman of the versities. He has appeared in vari- apolis, representing the Hoosier farmers of today and for the gener- tion”. same department spoke on “Patri- ous places as a guest speaker, has- Salon, and Mrs. Jack Goodman and ations that comi^fter us.”
olism. Production and Profit for In- ing his talks on literary matters on Howard Harrington, representing stallions Included A letter to his mother in Indiandiana Farmers.” Later in the fore- his experiences during 25 years as the Indianapolis Symphony, spoke concerning tlfe recent Midnoon Dr. G. D. Scarseth of the a literal y critic, the last 12 of which during the afternoon. Both the Included in the gift are the Perch- way Island battle read in part as
agronomy department talked on were spept as Literary Editor of Hoosier Salon and the Indiaa^iolis cron stallions, Don Again,, winner follows,
orod for enlistment under the plan “New Fertilizer Practices” and k” the St. Louis Post Dispatch. Symphony are projects which have of the title of Premier Percheron “Well, here I am again. The batare uiged to apply at the second E. Beeson pointed out some of the Admission will be by season ticket been actively supported by the so- Sire at the Chicago International Ue of Midway is over and what a floor offices of the Aiinory. newer crop varieties and their rec- or passport. Single admission tick- irority. The special concert choir Livestock Exposition for the last Ume! Of course you have read all Under this plan a selected num- ords of performance. ets will be available for 50c plus tax. of Beta Tau, Frankfort, sang/ under three years, and his grand champion ^bout it in the papers. All of the her of students will be permitted Animal husbandly was the main The doois of the Music Hall will the direction of Albert P. Stewart, son, Lynnwood Don, hied by Lynn- gquad was ^Sjere and we had a real
To Sign In Armory Enlisted Reserve plan in the Airay is being offered-to present University students this year only. All students desiring to he consid-
57
to enlist in the Army Enlisted Re- topic under discussion at Wednes- open at 7 p. m serve Corps, to continue their edu- day'afternoon’s session with Prof, cation and to be graduated from F. G. King, head of the animal huscollego with a view to qualifying bandry department and C. M. Vesfor and becoming commissioned of- tal and Claude Haiper of the animal licers in the Army of the United husbandry staff leading discussions
on cattle, hogs and sheep, respec-
tively,
Exponent Staff
Election of officers and final de- wood Farm. While these two ani- dayr^hh Jap Zeros are afraid cisions on activities which will be mals are the best known of the of the B-17’s (iWing fflrtre^ses) and planned to correlate the sorority’s Lynnwood champions, the purebred j don’t blame them. I sure would philanthropic activities with the cattle and hogs are of the same ^ojb like to lun up against one of war effort will be completed at busi- high quality. All the, Irvesliock ac- the§e planes the way they are fixed
Certificates signifying satisfactory completion of the woik offered in the War Department Civilian Pi'otection Scliqhl were awarded to fifty-seven students fioip ten states and Canada as the first of a series of ten-day courses ended at the
University.
All phases of civilian defense were covered in the curriculum of the ten-day course, which was administered under Chemical Warfare Service Officers assigned by the U. S. War Department, with Lt. Col. Willard A. Johnston as director. The students who are trained in these courses will return to their home communities to serve as instructors in oiganizing local civilian defense uqits. The second school will open next Sunday and continue through Wednesday, July 8. Of consideiable interest to the public will be the demonstrations on conti oiling incendiary bombs, which will be staged in a “skeleton village” erected novth of the Ross-Ade stadium next Friday night at 8:15. Solberg Speaks At IAS Meetirig With tlie official welcome and approval of Prof. H. L. Solberg, the student branch of the Institute of the Aeronautical Sciences became one of the recognized societies on the campus last Friday evening in room 207 of the Mechanical Engineering building. In his lecture. Prof. Solberg stressed the need for cooperation between all of the societies in the form of joint meetings. Pi of. Brahn also gave a talk on the helicopter and Sikorsky's 14^. His lecture was illustrated with slices and a film. An additional f^m on the production methods of Curtks Wright was given.
States.
If these students become separated from college, fail to pass the successive academic examination, fail to graduate with their proper class, or if it should later be determined by the Secretary of War that the necessity of war so demands, they may be called to active
duty by the Piesident. Prof. J. H. Hilton of the Dairy Husbandry De-
Term Includes
ram Essay
Fcr SAE Contest
There will be a meeting for all Junior and Senior staff members in the conference room in the Agricultural Experiment Station
at 4 this afternoon.
—AMOS
ness-sessions today.
quired) by the farm has been select- qp poxy. Wh surely had them on the
ed from the best blood lines obtain- run.”
able and its own breeding programs
have been directed toward securing " ^ ■ i "
animals of as near perfect type as possible. 1
Summer program of the University branch of the Society of Automotive Enginers, consisting of a fieshman es.say in addition to the
Miss Amy Howe
opening with a business meeting under the direction of Carl T. Wil-
of the'School of Home Eco- son, president, the mid-summer
convention of the Indiana Grain
Stpdents May Qpdet Playshop Tick^t$
icgular scheduled programs, has nomics, is in Boston, Mass., attend ^ j. j.. ^ been announced by Bob Savery, ing the National American Home Dealers’ Association will attract Mail orders for tickets to the first publicity chairman of the SAE. Economics Convention from last around 400 graw. and feed dealers fan'mer production of Playshop The essay contest will be on sub- Monday to the beginning of next ±'rom all parts of Indiana next Mon- J™ Dandy will now he accepted*
pai’iment, has been in East Lansin«‘, jecls related to aviation or auto- week. Mabel Vaughn, H. E. '43, is Meinoiial Union. e sumi^er pe or^^nce, ^ wO;Michigan, since last Monday at- motive engineering topics. Cora- also attending the conference, rep- Preceding Monday’s business ses- act comedy by William Saroyan tending the Ameiican Dairy Science plete details will be announced resenting the Virginia C. Meredith sion, an entertainment program is wiR be presented on the Fowler Hall
to be held Sunday at the West La- stage, June 30 and July 1.
Penalty Dates P^rin^ the Summer Term there are two penalty dates. They are Jaly 2 and July G. These dates represent the twen-ty-tour hoqp periods before and aftar the; Independence Day Recess, A student who is absent from classes on either of these days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for ench day or fraction thereof missed.
GOLDSMITH.
A.ssocialion meeting.
Club.
Wesley Foundaticffi
Sunday
fayette Country Club. A golf tour- Seniors holding special season nament is plarmed for the afternoon books may obtain a reserved seat and an inforni^ talk will be given by removing the first coupon, and
in the evening oy^Dr. R. L. Phillips sending it to the Fowler Hall box . v\W^ bold an “Empty Handed” of the departmei^ of history. On office with a stamped self-addressed party tomorrow night at 7:30 at Monday^anmj:/William Dern of envelope. Tickets for townspeople the Wesley Foundation House. Cincii^fiati will address the graip undergraduates may be oh- Freshmen will have places of honor.
tajned by sending fifty cepta for All students are invited, and reeach reserved seat. freshments will he free.
dealeiis at a dipner.
State Police To Report Tire Wasters To Ration Boards
A State Police check of drivers Board of the offender. This infor- war time transportation picture.”
wasting tires by excessive speed or mation will be used by the Board Effect of Shoi;ta$e
recklessness was begun today for .when the offender VfKo is entitled “It’s time that oven those entitled
the State Office of Price Adminis- to recapped, retreaded or new tires to tires by law should realize that sity branch of the American Assotration and the evidence gathered applies for them. It is within the there simply aren’t enough to go ciation of Scientific Workers, the will be taken into account when of- discretion of the boards to allocate around even to them,” Mr. Striclt- last of a series of lectures on the fenders entitled to tires make ap- tires to those entitled to them where land said,^ and it is their patriotic philosophy of science, will be given plication for them. they think they will do the most duty to save them as much as pos- Monday evening at 7:30 in Room The plan was worked out cooper- SooJ for the community’s war ef- sible. 103 of the new physics building, atively by the Indiana State Police foi"** evidence of abuse of “Unless we keep enough cqrs fun- Dr. V. F. Weisskopf of the Uni-
Department and the OPA and was and the priority to get them ning to accomplish the absolutely versity of Rochester and authority content in tomatoes pnd, of l^s- vitamin: A act;ivity and one-half as , , T —1 may be taken into account when de- necessary work foi; tfic war efi’ort, on nuclear physics, will discqss the sibilities of breeding varieties with aqtivq aa oranges in vitamin C. cisions are made by the Boards on then we are dping much less tfian “Philosophy of Physical Concepts.” increased! vitamin concentrations is Their content of these vitamins be-
Weissl|opf Will Speak At AASW Meeting Under the auspices of the Univer-
Ag Chemists, Botanists Study Tomato Vitamin Concentrations By Jack Ahbett Tomatoes are a good source of Investigation by chemists and both vitamin A and C, being ap-
Dr. V. F. Weisskopf of the Uni- botanists of the vitamin A and C proximately equivalent to butter in
announced by James D. Strickland, State OPA Director, and Don F. Stiver, Superintendent of the Indi-
ana State Police.
Tickets for 'fire Injuries
When state highway .patrolmen find anyone driving at speeds injur-
new applications. our best fpr the armed forces,” he .
Safety Angle To Plan said. « r i “This check ha.s a distinct safety Armed Forces Use Retreads J\©tUlHClS
angle to it,” Mr. Strickland said as “Even the military has had to cut he made the announcement. “Re- its new tiie budget and some of the
, capped and retreaded tires will not heavy pieces of artillery are being ... _ , ... r*,.., „
ious to tiles and safety, they wfil j,tand up under speeds that new tiies carried on retreads. Truck opera- . s oflSc* issue a special ticket to him as a achieve in relative safety. At tors and war workers must realize *** ® .minis ra. loi^^ui^in^^
waining. excessive speeds, they are subject that they will have to adjust the The name and address of the of- to blow outs and any tire blow out loads they carry and the speeds they
now under way at the University comes more significant when the Agricultural Experiment Station. Iprge amounts produced and packed. The work is made possible by the particularly ip Indiana, are eonsidrecent award of a grant-in-aid from ered alopg with the fact that a large
Those students who made distin- , ,, .... guished last semester may call for J® Foundation, Inc., of market exists.
New York, it vfas announced re- , . „ , . cently by Director H. J. Reed. Increased Production Zacheile, Lincoln In Charge The nation’s tomato crop in 194.0 The agricultural reseajich head was estimated to be worth $55,000,has appointed Dr. P. P. Zacheile, OOO. Indiana, the leading tomato of the University agricultural cliem- state, will have welt, above 100,000 istry department, and Dr. R. E. Lin- acres devoted to this crop this sea-
-HOLLENSBE
fender and the fiature of the offense at whatever speed is dangerous to attain to the capabilities of tires C.H.Ladd will be desci ibed on the ticket, the car on which occurs and any not as durable as the new ones they "
State Police copy of the ticket will other near it on the highway. have been accustomed to.” . . . C. E. ’32, has been appointed coin, of the botany department, to son, and this is expected to increase be sent to the rationing office of the “Moreovei, a blown out tire is not “I cannot see how any local ra- Consti action Superintendent pf the launch the scientific investigation, production of canned tomatoes this state OPA wheie copies will he fit for retreading or recapping and tioning board would overlook re- Amertop Corporation (American which is expected to produce impor- year from a little less than 4,000,000 made. thus, because of willful violation by ports of speeding and recklessness Torpedo Corporation), thq Alumni tant information of benefit to ^ro- eases processed in 1941 to 6,000,000 One copy will he retained in the the driver of the rules of safety and when they considered a new appli- Association learned recently. Ladd ducers and consumers of tomatoes, cases, as requested under the “Eood files there, and one will be a/nt to rubber conservation, another tire cation for tires,” Mr* Strickland has been with the organization for both from the health and financial for Preedom”^ program,
the local War Price and Rationing carcass is taken out of the delicate said. Several years. standpoints.Friday, June 26, , 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, . (I^urdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 ' Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edi\r-in-Chi€f - John F..Aniot Nvws Kdiior Don T. Brophy jVsnnnirinf; Editor John H. Armstrong Sports Editor Robert L. Hadley Itiisinoss Manager William D. Millard Circnlation Manager *: Ken, K. Gjemre Cued Editor Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff
Associate Editors Editorini Staff: R. W. Boswinklo, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoiklnii A. r. I'liinter, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Daw.sort, E. L. Karpick, Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Haas, Jean Lauer, Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M, Wright, D. L, JohniOIL Ciroulatioii Manager: .G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Treiia Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane -KelVu
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: TTunler Sportk'Editor: Dawson ng> Editor: Enuer Issue Editor: Freyman Reporters: Dixon, Murphy, Shipnoski, Kimball, Vegh, Miller, ‘T.ulb-n, Cnylord, Fawcolt.
Entered ns second class matter at th« post office In Lafayette, Indinnn, under the act of Congress of March 3» 1879, and nt the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, art of October .7, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published nn Wednf sday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer semester and daily except Monday during the fall ^d %vinter semesters. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for summer semester; mailed subscriptions $1.50.^ |{ti»res<Mited for national advertising by National Advert!^ fng Service, Inc., College PuWishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc., New York, N. Y.
c3<
93 Or Higher
Durin.g the .summer many high school graduaies choose a university at which to spend tiie noxl four years of their lives. This process 01 selection is sometimes accidental and is inliuciiced by matters of trifling importance. This summer many girls are not considering rurduc becau.se of rumoi’s which have been circuiatin;-; about a lack of rooms and dormitory, Si]‘iace for women. , ■ I'hc University wants to guard against these r umors because they are not founded upon fact. The students should also be concerned .‘;ince the “ratio” is involved. Tlio numljer of freshman girls in school Uicxt tall may depend to some extent upon how vsell tliese rumors are refuted. Students are Ir. ttcr able to do this than the administration is because of their collective personal contacts in .ail park; of Indiana and neighboring states. If the students correct the misinformed li!;!:h .school girl.?, some of them will reconsider and muj" choose Purdue. These helpful students will be serving the administration of the Univcr.s‘ity, the girls involved, and themselves.
“Weapons of war must be built differently from the products of peace. They must be built to withstand the unpredictable.”—0. E. Hunt, vice president of General Motors.
Indicative of what happens when the automobile industry’s know-how is applied to war ]jroduction are reports from two General Motor.-; plants. One is.making weapons for the Ai'my, the other for the Navy; both report a 2.0 per cent cut in production time under original estimates. •
“In making tanks we have been forced to loarn a lot about a new kind of motor transporlatibn. Hitherto we produced only cars to ruj) on .sjnooth roads or tractors to operate oh substantially level fields. Now we are learniii!'- to make automobiles that don’t need roads, t' actors that can run up a mountainside or thi'ough a wilderness. We may be entering a ]re\v era of ground transportation.”—Charles F. Kettering, vice president of General Motors. 'I'
Pi'iday’.s Ijecn swimming, and this isn’t a paid adV'M lii eini/nt. If you want to see who forgot to .study, t;.iis' a 1 ide on the ferri.s wheel at the beach. Course : [)(i.'d lioat l ide;; come in handy for that “so cozy” kind of coui-tiji’. Friday .saw hundred.s of Betas haunting Ihe place la.st Saturday night. Maybe there woK-n’t that many, but Lowell Hedberg was around g) .■.d..bin;': publicity with his pipe, iley Li.sten! Cnrri clion , . . no need to go so far for entertainni' iii:. Fvf-r ree Don iirophy of tlie Phi Kappa Sig’s ijifliiution play l)as(drall? (Brophy is also orie of il.f- important cogs in the Exponent machine, so we (•; n’l ray anything like . . . ) “funniest tiling I ever : aw,” or “decidedly not the athletic type,” or “gosh, i; ihat'v\’hy they lost the game?” ' Aii.-l i.islen . . . • A boy .smiles, a coed sigh.s, he must be a member f)f Pol a Tlieta Pi; recognized as the leading “swapp 1 i” of carnpu.s jewelry. .Shei'wood Fifer recently inwronti'd liis- diamond-star badge to Beth Schaupp, .and til n Went aiound singing “On the Banks of the \V:,ibasl)”, Why, daddy ? Hear This ., . Wliat lio ... a party! Friday recognized Bill Feik fiom around Delta Clii way, and Jim King again of llu' Pl|i Kajuja Sig lodge. ’Course the.se fellows aren’t tlie only one.s to throw parties, but they’re the only ones to throw gla.sse.s on the floor—especially when full. . A .Specially ... Congiatulations are due to Theta Jane Adams, who i.s now \vearing a sparkling solitaire for Hersch Gor-
■ ■ ■ in the War Editor’s Note: To remind the campus that women can do more than merely knitting and waiting for Johnny to come marching home, this column will present examples of what women can do and are doing to help win the war. As long as Mrs. Oveta Culp Hobby is head of the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps, she may wear civilian clothes only at night when off duty. At all other times she, as well as Uncle Sam’s fighting men, must appear in her khaki uniform with the silver eagle of a colonel. Mrs. Hobby likes her uniform, but the thing that bothers her is saluting. She can’t get used to having the men salute her, she can’f rerriember that she must salute them, and she can’t get her elbow in the proper position. The W A AC’s are to have a private beauty parlor of their own on the Army post grounds at Fort Des Moine.s, la., but Colonel Don C. Faith, Commanding officer of the WAAC Officers’ Training School, hopes they won’t be too obvious about their makeup and won’t spend too much time being beautified. British Women Want Their Guns British women last week demanded that they be trained in how to handle small arms “to defend themselves and their country in event of national emergency.” Not only do they think they shWd be allowed to fight, but they are ready and willing to become foremen, managers and supervisors in indus-
try. .
So far the British girls aren’t actually .shouldering arms, but they do direct the fire of the ack ack batteries. Women do the spotting with the height andrange finders and make the predictions. The men merely load and fire the guns. Dresses From Canvas Winners in the second annual national amateur dressmaking contest demonstrated how to .save material and money by creating their home designed, home sewn costumes from such non priority commodities as worn out men’s suits, unbleached muslin, bandanas and undyed canvas. The Army Quartermaster Corps is branching out by going into the dress designing business. Nurses now may get any one of five completely different costumes designed for all climates and types of work. Housewives Organize For Raids 760,000 British housewives will be ready to do their part when and if the Nazis resume their large scale air raids. The duties which the newly formed organization has taken upon itself include first aid treatment, food and shelter for victinis of raids, salvage work, entertainment for war woilcers and troops and checking up on the well being of the families of the men at the front. Out of ninety-one New York women who went back to the farm several weeks ago to pack vegetables, only five have come back to town dissatisfied with the work. The rest are still on the job.—s.r.b. iWar Creates New Jobs In Chemistry “We can’t get enough of them.” “Our demand exceeds our supply, could you help us?” Miss Irene Feldt, of the Placement Service, receives letters similar to tills from chemical companies over the country, who would like to hire women. And the demand has increased even more with the present international situation. It is a common belief that a girl planning to make a career of chemistry may either be a secretary in a plant or a teacher. However, chemistry touches world i^ffairs at so many points that an attempt to name and evaluate such opportunities could never be complete, for in the last five years the different lines open have grown and changed rapidly. In Washington at the governmental bureaus a new field is opening for Women chemists. Miss Ruth O’Brien, in charge of the division of textiles and clothing in the Bureau of Home Economics, said. “The general feeling seems to prevail that women scientists have little chance of appointment in the Government service. True, the older bureaus have not looked to women a.s helpei's in fields other than stenographic and clerical positions. In Other Bureaus Besides the Home Economics Bureau women chemists are hired in the National Bureau of Standards, the Department of Agriculture, Bureau o{ Chemistry and Soils, and in the National Institute of Health. As for the chemical industries, few of them have hired women in their laboratories. Some of the notable exceptions ai e Lillies, TVA, Tennessee-Eastman, and Abbotts. According to Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, it is likely that many more companies Will be hiring women in the very near
future.
Notable Examples Several women chemists have become famous for their impoi'tant jobs at the present time. Miss Helen Kiely, Smith alumna, is chief pulp chemist for seven Massachusetts paper mills. Dr. Emma Carr of Mount Holyoke College, won the Gajvan prize in 1938 for her researches on petroleum hydrocarbons. Dr. Wanda K. Farr of the Boyce Thompson Research Institute, one of the world’s greatest; cellulose chemists, and Irene Curie Joliet, daughter of Maiie Curie, winner of a Nobel prize in chemisti'y, also help prove that women are good chemists as well as cooks. Many more may be found in the research bibliography, merchandise contiol, patent and writing fields. Needs Advanced Training It is impoi'tant that women entering' a scientific field such as chemistry have advanced education above a college degree. According to the University of Rochester survey, only 5.6 per cent of graduate scholarships and fellowships are definitely designated for men or women. The rest are given to either .so this training is possible. It may be gathered from this that women do have a chance in tlie field of chemistry, even a larger one new, for the demand is hugCj and it is not impossible to get the necessary training. doll. “He’s 1-A in the Army, and he’s A-1 in her
heart.”
Ksli ... Those police-lmdge'boys of Phi Kappa Psi, also go to the beach. But they have it ail over the Beta.s-^ smile of beauty, maybe—because they include women in tlieir sojourns. It’s too much trouble to take dates along, so led by W. A. Hanley they get ’em by the gross on arrival. You can dance with more than one in a conga chain, fellows.
Leave Insignia \!^ar Banishes Local Red Cross Women
Busy In Union Dugout
To Officers, Pleads Army Crossed cannons, striped and other insignia of' the army are rheant to be worn only by the person to whom they have been issued. The wearing of any insignia, including buttons, by persons who have not earned them is comsidered extremely poor taste by the army. These items are not jewelry, to be worn fbr decoration’s sake, according to the officers of the University ROTC. The designations of rank meah that the wearer has earned the right of command over officers of lower rank; and the crossed cannons mean that the wearer is a member of the United Sf^ates field artillery. There is no more reason for soldiers’ wives, sisters and sweethearts ■ to wear U. S. Army insignia than there would be for a policeman’s wife to go to a bridge party adorned with hubby’s “cop star.” Nurses Wear Army Insignia With the organization of the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps, women will"have' to be even more careful, lest they be accused of impersonating an officer because insignia of the officers of the WAAC are almost the same as the regular army badges. Army nurses wear insignia identical to those of men of equal rank. The same thing applies-to navy and air corps emblems. They are meant to be worn by the person who earned them. Distinguished Service Medals are to be' worn only by the person who received the decoration or by his widow. AH' kinds of miniature emblems which are true jowlery can be purchased to be worn in honor of someone in the service. There is no olijectioh to these so long as they are not the regularly authorized insignia of any branch of military service. Second Swim Period For Girls Begins Monday Second swimming period for girls from 8 to IS years of age will open on Monday in the women’s gymnasium pool at the University and will continue for four weeks through July 24, it was announced today by Prof. Hazelton, head of tlie department of physical education for women. Classes, op.en to the general public, will be held on Monday, 'Wednesday and Friday mornings each week. A beginner’s class will start at' 9 each scheduled morning, with intermediates and advanced swimmers taking over the pool at 10. Miss Mary Scoville,- of the University staff, is serving-as instructor for the courses. The third and final four week course in the .series will bo held from Jiily 27 to August
22.
WRH To Hold Barn Dance Tomorrow Women’s Residence Halls will sponsor a dance Saturday night, on the idea of a radio barn dance, in the North Hall recreation room, from 8:30 to 11:30. WRH members and their gue.sts are invited to attend. Music will be by record and refreshments will be served. 'Virginia Goss and Joan Goss, social charmen of North and Wood Hall, are in charge of the dance.
Allure; No Fancy Scents By Jane Keim Living in a war changed world has affected perfumes and colognes as well as practically every other feminine fancy. Colognes and. perfumes will not be eliminated completely, but there will be less quantity and fewer fragrances. Several companies are already developing synthetics. The worst effect will be seen in imported lines. Those of you who cherish these imports had better scurry to the shops and get your last precious bottle for the duration. No More Millot Perfumes Moment Supreme by Jean Patou is ideal for the big occasion, and it can still be purchased at one of the shops but is no longer available from the maker. Crepe de Chine with its sparkling fragrance was made by Millot, one of the first perfume houses to be destroyed by the
war.
Domestic perfumes are not seriously affected as yet. If your one and only is shy or hard to get, Frances Denney has a Whirlwind that will sweep him right into your arms. Or maybie you’d prefer Vigny’s Beau Catcher; it’s such a subtle fragrance he’ll never know what caught him. Charles of the Ritz couldn’t have given a better name to Spring Rain because it is so refreshing. Toute de Suite by Worth is a new cologne with that come hither fragrance — and no wonder —it means “come quickly.” For the sophisticate, Weil has a bewitching fragrance. Cobra. Abbett, O'Shea Talk At Housemothers' Training School In. an address last Wednesday before the 97 house mothers attending the House Directors’ Training School, Henry B. Abbett, the University purchasing agent, declared tliat the post-war period will bring better goods, better prices and better values. Abbett predicted that the war emergency will result in many new inventions and new products. He also predicted that many manufacturers will never go back to old models and material. Dr. Harriet O’Shea, of the division of education and applied psychology, who is conducting a series of discussions on “Problems of Late Adolescence,” declared that emotional independence is a fundamental necessity and suggested that there should be a “psychological weaning” to make the younger generation stand on its own feet. Scoville To Offer Golf Instruction Wednesday Students interested in beginning golfing instruction and .those who would like to have their form criticized may receive help from Mary Scoville of the department of physical education for women, on Friday afterm^s from I to 3 on the threeholf golf course. Instructions ' will be given on Wednesday next week because of the Fourth of July holidays.
Beginning with twenty-five women who took a course in surgical dressings a year, ago, the Tippecanoe County Chapter of the American Red Cross has grown to such an extent that 936 workers now keep the Red Cross dugout in the Union sub- ■ ' basement humming and some
3,500 members in all parts of the county are working through churches and clubs. The corps turned out a quarter of a million surgical dressings this year, and has set a total of 08,700 dressings as its new
quota.
Coeds Quit
Through the efforts of the Student Union the coeds liad a hand in the work for a short time, but failure on the girls’ part to put in
. „ , enough time on the work caused the
mothers m the future. All however, Cross room in the'subare most enthusiastic in tjjeir praise be closed. Mrs. R. B. of the couise. ^ Wiley, chairman of the chapter. The 97 women, gathered in from ^.ggg interested coeds to join the 22 states live and attend all their in.the main room every Thurs-
classes in WRH South. From 9 to afternoon.
11:45 in the morning experienced Although the coeds may be too lecturers, talk to them about such busy for Red Cross work, the older things as budgeting, psychology are not. Seven different and fashions and grooming. Aftei ggj.pg make up the Tippecanoe lunch and a rest period they attend chapter: staff assistance, more lectures from 1:40 to 3 in the pj.gjjgc^ign, canteen, motor, first aid, afternoon. nurse’s aide, and home service. Each In moment when they are not corps is made up entirely of volunstudjiing their notes or reading ^ggi.g .^vho take training for their books from a recommended list specific jobs, such the .study of they are kept busy with various gg^citioiv for the canteen corps,
social activities. Last Saturday Two Lafayette Cliapters
Housemothers Hold Sehool In WRH South
By Jean Lauer
Many of the women enrolled in the fourth annual House Directors School are already housemothers, while others are taking the training to enable them to become house-
night, for instance, the “town girls” (the University housemothers) entertained at a bridge party in Wood
Hall Grill.
The interests of the women are wide and varied. Many like to golf or hike, while others enjoy the Music Room of the Union. Such a variety of interests shows that ^' these women are alert and alive and have the “stuff” tliat makes for
good housemothers.
Two branches of the chapter exist in Lafayette, one unit of 50 women with headquartei's at the Central Presbyterian Church and one unit of 30 negt'o women with headquar-
ters at Lincoln scliool.
Prof. McFarland Headsj Home Ec Workshop Professor Muriel McFarland of the division of pducati.on and applied psychology is the leader of a twoweek workshop on vocational liome economics at Gary, Iiid.,'where tliis year, there.is an unexpectedly large registration of home economics teachers. The workshop is an outgrowth of a survey of the Gary school conducted by the division of education and applied psychology of the Univei'sity. Teachers will receive credit in Education 230 upon successful completion of their work.
. . . social sorority, was awarded
a loving ciq), which is given every other year to the outstanding chapter, at the Chi Omega national convention held at Buck Hill Falls, Pa., June 19 to 23.: Tlie cup is awarded on the basis of scholarship, activi-
ties and chapter efficiency.
V, DR. PAUL A. RISK II DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg.
4th and Main St.
Lafayette
\mNsnt TODAY - SATURDAY
with ...Ml ANTON WALBROOK COLUMBIA PICTURE
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE — THE ALDRICH FAMILY — IN — “LIFE WITH HENRY” — WITH — JACKIE COOPER
LUMA TODAY-^AT. . . . 2 HID Ralph BYRD 0oa$t6iiaid\ DOYLE
PLUS
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iversiiy Book Store
AcruBd From UuIod *n«d** SainmuijB *29 ‘‘Doc** Eppio *40
A Chiller DiSler! BELA LUGOSI — IN — ‘CORPSE VANISHES”
MIDNITE PREVUE SAT
CONSERVE YOUR CLOTHES, BETTY!
Let West Side Ctean Them!
MARS —LAST TIMES TODAY-
Clcaniiig is the right way to conserve your clothing ... Keep that new appearance in clothes by sending them to:
NorthweBlern al Vine
Phone 4081
k''l|j k:
Boilermaleer
Feller, Greenberg Head List Of former Big League Stars On Service Team Everyone is spieculating on the coming all star baseball games. Not all the speculation is about the makeup of the American and National league representatives, either. Man’y of the experts, near experts, and just plain baseball fans are wondering about the kind of team that the armed forces can put on the field against the ^ ; ’ ■ winner of the American-Na- ^,^J, Cedi TravfeandBuJdy Lew. tional League game. is are a pair of infielders that would There is no question that the normally be listed on the American
service team will be ably^®®^"*^
coached for Lieut. Mickey -300 hitters, and wfil probably take
, .. rw. care of the left side of the infield
Cochrane led the Detroit Tig- ^ Cochrane's satisfaction.
ers to two American League MeCoy on Second
JT’ ‘^l^fmpionship j^^Coy, the little infielder before the New York Yankees be- Mack back a report-
|an to make a runaway out of the
care of the
American League pennant race. He keystone sack. The peppery McCoy
s
PQirLs Communique By Bob Hadley
Will, be ably assisted by Lieutenant
is the fighting type of ball player
George Earnshaw, who was his bat- Cochrane likes, and he is captery mate on the pennant Winning of handling the job. Johnny Athletic teams, and Hank Gowdy, Sturm, ex-Yankee, will play first if th,e veteran Boston Braves coach. Greenberg plays in the outer garStrong on Paper den. - Although some of the nanies on In the outfield Cochrane can play the, service team may not be in top Sam Chapman, the former star cennotch form because of lack of daily ter fielder of the Philadelphia A’s, big league coiripetition, the service Joe Marty, of the Cubs and Phils, lineup looks very imposing on pa- Don Padgett, Card and Dodger fence per. First and foremost the service buster, and Joe Grace, formerly of team will have Rapid Robert Feller, the St. Louis Browns. Frank PytnOw a Chief Specialist in the Navy, lak, the mighty little receiver, who on the mound. Feller is the answer held down the catching job at Bosto any manager’s prayer as far as ton, will probably be the number one pitching goes. man behind the plate for the boys Not very far behind Feller in uniform. There is, however, a pitching ability is Seaman Johnny possibility that Birdie Tebbetts of Rigney, of the Great Lakes Naval *^'>6 Detroit Tigers may be in the Training Station. John has shown service when the playing date rolls
that there is nothing wrong with his around,
pitching with his recent conquest of
the Chicago White Sox. In reserve BowlinO St^ndinas the service team has Mickey Harris, ® ^ a capable performer in the Ameri- 4th Week can League, although not a star like “A” Bracket W. the other two men. Sigma Alpha Epsilon 9 Big Hank Will Play Delta Upsilon 8 ' The biggest single “name” on the Phi Kappa Tau. 7 service team, with the possible ex- Phi Gamma Delta 6 ception of Bob Feller, is Sgt. Hank Delta Tau Delta... 6 Greenberg of the U. S. Army, for- Pi Kappa Alpha. ,. 6 nierly with the Detroit Tigers. Hank Cary Hall South 5 will play either first base or out- Beta Theta Pi 5 field, but wherever he plays, his big Alpha Sigma Phi....:. ,.. 4 bat will be a threat to the All- Lambda Chi Alpha 4 Stars pitching?^ ' “B” Bracket W. Two topFffijgiit ihfielders will come Phi Delta Theta............. 8 from the Wdsfengton team via the Theta Chi 8
Kappa Sigma 7
Alpha T„„ Omega ... 6 Hays jewelry Co. ^ Pi Kappa Phi 6
-- Phi Sigma Kappa 6
-► 131 t^orth fiourth St. Alpha Chi Rho 6 "h , . .. "" Triangle j.... 5 .. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price :: Sigma Nu 5 ♦ ♦ F » t Acacia ... 3
Branch Rickey, pilot of the St. Louis Cardinais, has biiilt himself 4 well-deserved feputation for shrewdness in the business of bartering baseball players. Every manager in the National League keeps wary eye on the Gas House proprietor, when engaged in horse-trading with him. 'Tis said that a man named Mize, at present employed at the Polo Grounds in New York by the Giants, is doing Rickey’s repatati'on for astuteness no gobd by his performance this season. ' ^ '■ ' Johnny Mize, who has been seen frequenting the first base region in the Cardinal infield for a good many years, went to New York for pitcher Bill Lohrman and catcher Ken O’Dea. His bathing average last season fell to a paltry .317 (3 National League sluggers did better, one of them former Cardinal Medwick) and his home run total dropped from 43 in ’40 to 16^ Since the dopesters were picking the Cardinals as the team to beat—if—they could get, some longr range hitters, Mize went, when his old arm trouble showed signs
of returning last spring.
So far this year, Johnny is hitting only .302, but he.is jeading the circuit in home runs and runs batted in. As for the Cardinals, while still holding second place, they have been having a bad week, Aftqr losing with great regularity to the Dodgers, they have even been ihsing to Boston’s seventh-place Braves, a feat usually reserved .for theV Philadelphia Phils. The deciding factor in the string of diamond h^scos presented recently by the Cards has'been their inability to get anyone on the basepaths. In the two games at Boston a total of 3, runs was
amassed by the Redbirds.
It’s early in the season for pitchers to be turning in their eleventh victories. Apparently Claude Passeu, Chicago Cub right-hander apd ,/ old standby, is not bothered by convention, for he turned in his , eleventh Wednesday. That many triumphs in front of a team w’hich has spent a good portion of the season in the neighborhood of sixth place and which has, on a number of occasions held uncontested possession of the National League cellar, is worthy of note. , i,. Last year Passeau turned in 14 wins and 14 losses,' giving him a lifetime record in the majors of 85 wins and 92 iosses. That’s a lot of baseball to put behind you before starting to burn up the league. Cary Halls 2, 5 Hold Top Spot In Softball League With but two weeks remaining in the softball league of Cary Hall, Units 2 and 5 remain pn top, while Unit 1 has dropped to second place. Unit 3 defeated 1 last Monday to take
the latter out of first place.
Most of the teams have played nine games, which leaves three to play off. Unit 7 and 3 '
are behind in the number of ' . ■
' , , ,. , , The standings m softball are as games that they have compet- foPows- - ed in. Four teams still remain w L in running for the trophy, mainly Unit 5 ...6 2 Units 1, 2, 3, and 6. . - Unit 2 6 2 Yesterday evening the third Unit 1 ;...6 round of horseshoes was played off, Unit 3 4 but the results were not available at Unit 4 ; 4 press time. Units 1 and 2 started Unit 6 ......3
ig Eps^ Phi Gams^ Theta Chis Lead Fraternity Gold And Black Tourney
Page $
IM/ Schedules The following Gold and Black games will be played Friday evening at 6:30: Yield 1 Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Tau; Referee: Adams. 2 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Referee: Boughan. 3 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Referee: Vegh. 4 Acacia vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Referee: Rodgers. 7:30 Field 1 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. Referee: Adams. 2 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa. Referee: Boughan. , 3 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Referee: Vegh. 4 Theta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Referee: Rodgers.
With seven games scheduled to be played, I-M's Gold arid Black tourney goes in the fifth round today. At present two teams. Sigma Phi Epsilon and Phi Gamma Delta, share firstplace honors in the current standings. Both have won four ’ 1 - contests without a defeat to
post the top percentages of the
race.
At present. Theta Chi and Phi Kappa Tau have clean slates, but they have not played their required schedule of games. Theta Chi is credjted with three wins and no losses, and Phi Kappa Tau stands with two and zero. Cycenas, Shimer Star Two of Elmer Burnham’s charges have been largely responsible for the thus far unblemished record of the Theta Chi’s. The experienced
out with two victories to place them on top.
Unit 7 0
Pet. .750^ .750, .667 .500 .444' .333 .000
The standings in horseshoes is as
Go Bowling TONIGHT!
. Golf is also taking interest of the follows :
Cary Hall athletes. A two flight tournament was begun last Saturday and vvill be finished tomorrow. Three men from each Unit are representinlg their various teams. The combine totals of the three men will represent each team’s score.
W L Pet.
Unit 1 '. 2 0 1.000 Unit 2 2 0 l.OqO Unit 4 1 1 l.OOb Unit 3 1 1 .500 Unit 6 0 1 ,000 Unit 5 0 2 .000 Unit 7 0 2 .000
The following fraternities will play Softball Tuesday evening' at 6:30. Diamond T Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Pi Kappa. 2 Delta Chi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 3 Phi Delta Theta vs. Alpha Sigma. Phi. 4 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 5 Sigma Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 6 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 7 Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 8 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Beta Theta Pi. 9 Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 10 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. 11 Delta Tau Delta vs. Acacia. 12 Theta Chi vs. Sigma Nu. 13 Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Delta Upsilon. 14 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. 16 Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 16 Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 17 Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. The following Cary Hall Softball games will be played Friday evening at 4 o’clock: Diamond. 13 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 4. 14 Cary Hall 5 vs. Cary Hall 7.
Dad's Place so HANDY
POPCORN Gallon i - 15e BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream Pint 20e Other flavors 17c pint
, -
★ Fun! ★ Inexpensive! ★ Exercise! ★ Excitement! This is BOWLING! y-—— Line after line, strike after strike! Spend a eool summer afternoon in the basement of PURDUE UNION at the BOWLING ALLEYS
fiWlduSL THsunGiiaL 'linimL Just take a walk through the building!
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
The second round of the Cary Hall* Golf Tournament will be played Saturday, June 27. The same matched teams will play that played last week, starting, 'at 1 o’clock. Please see that your score cards are properly signed by your opponent and turned into the Intramural Office.
'The following Cary Hall softball games will be played Monday evening at 4 o’clock: Diamond 13 Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. 14' Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4. 15 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 6.
The following. Ward, Softball games will be played Monday evening at 6:30: , Diamond Ward 1 vs. Ward 27. Ward 2 vs. Ward 26. Ward 4 vs. Ward 22. Ward 5 vs. Ward 25.
Ward 21 vs. Ward 29.
The second round of the Ward singles will be. played Tuesday evening at 6:30. The winners of the first round please consult the Intramural Office Bulletin Board for your next opponets. See that your matches are played off as scheduled, if at all possible. '
Studenis May Take Rifle Instruction As Part Of PE 12 Credit Beginning Monday, June 29, a selected group of thirty individuals will be permitted to take rifle instruction with Mr. Gildersleeve of the Indiana Rifle Association. These thirty persons will be given credit for one hour of their three hour requirements per week in PEM 12. Individuals intei'ested in signing up for this course will be accepted in order of their appearance. Registration for this instruction will be made with Mr. France in Room 201 of the Fieldhouse starting Friday, June 26, and extending to, Monday noon, June 29. Students not measuring up to the requirements established by the instructor will be immediately dropped from the class. It is recommended that those persons not having a 20-20 vision or 20-20 corrected vision should not
try out for the course. Receive Credit In PEM 12
Students who successfuly meet the requirements of the instruction course taught by Mr. Gildersleeve will receive grade credit for their work as part of the PEM 12 total grade. Instruction periods will be established on Monday, Wednesday and Friday nights between 7:15 and 8:15. It has been found necessary to limit each of the class periods to ten students so they may select within bounds of the number the night they wish to take the instruc-
tion.
The initial meeting will be held next Monday at the aforementioned room in the Fieldhouse. This will be a general lecture for all those taking the course". At this time students will be divided into the three instruction periods. Eight Sessions In All Eight sessions are required for the course and will extend from next week until the week of August 1.7. At the close of this instruction,students will again return to their third scheduled hour of PE. Faculty Bowling Team W. L. Science 8 4 Horticulture 7 5 Chemistry 7 5 General Stores 7 5 Joint Highway 6 6 Chemical Eng - 6 6 Pharmacy 5 7 Ag. Chem . 4 8 Dairy 3 9 RolfeCo Jenkins .. . sports editor of the Exponent, ’39-’40, and resident of West Lafayette, evidently came through the recent attacks on Midway Island unscathed as friends here received a letter yesterday from hiin, mailed June 8,‘*after the Japs had been driven from that territory. Jenkins is a private first class in the Marine Corps. He enlisted last November and has been on Midway since Jan-
uary.
Theresa Bell ... of the department of physical education for women will go to Bennington College in Vermont tomorrow, where she will take a special six weeks summer session course in dance.
The standings to date are as fol-
lows:
W
L
Pet.
..4
0
1.000
..4
0
1.000
..3
0
1.000
..2
0
1.000
..3
1
.750
.:3
1
.750
..3
1
.750
.2
1
.666
.2
1
.666
.2
2
.500
..2
2
.500
(Teams below .500 not listed). ball handling of Ed Cycenas, who will probably be seen in the Riveter backfield this fall, and Bill Shimer, veteran end, has made it possible for the Theta Chi combination to run up winning totals as high as 15-and 21 points. j,., Also among the notables rounding out the team are Walt Smith, catcher on the Riveter diamond last spring, and Warren Seaborg, one of Piggy Lambert’s netmen. Undoubtedly, this combination will cause plenty of shake-ups in the tourney standings before the seven scheduled games are played out. Sig Ep’s Tough Also among the rugged combinations in the tourney are the Sig Ep’s: Under the leadership of “Swede” Anderson, another of Burnham’s charges who will also be seen in the backfield along with Cycenas this fall, the Sig Ep’s have taken down Alpha Chi Rho, Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Theta Tau in that order. Only two rounds remain to be played in the tourney, but in order to complete the standings many games are still to be played. Contests played within the next week will have a great deal of importance in determining the outcome of the race as there are eight teams within easy striking distance of the lead-
ers.
Fair Response , , Response to the tournament has been fairly encouraging, although many games have been won by forfeit because several of the fraternities were unable to support teams for the tourney. University Graduate Receives Promotion George Palikucha, of Gary, has been promoted to the rank bf first lieutenant, the War Department announced recently. Lieutenant Palikucha received his commission as second lieutenant upon his graduation from the University, where he was enrolled in the School of Mechanical Engineering, in 1940. After graduation he was employed in private industry for some time, leaving the American Gas and Electric Service Corporation to attend the Ordnance School at Picatinny Arsenal, Dover, N. J. He is now stationed at the Wabash River Ordnance Works at Newport, Ind. '
• Swish on forehead, wrists, nape of neck. Cooling, refreshing. Choice of 4 light summer scents: Mountain ’ Laurel, Tropical Spice, fiatural. Iris. $l size, 504. Also, 10-02. size—oddiHoiKil $2 valu«-oiily 11.
ACCIDENTS HELP THE AXIS
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S?
<|V1 ■*
■‘>’Tr:
' 'r^f
fc
Page 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, June 26, 1942
CjflUMh£A.
UNIVERSITY PRESBYTERIAN North and Grant Sts., W. Lafaj ette Rev. John W. Findley, Minister Student class in leligion—9.30 A M , Dr. Goidon Giaves, sponsoi. Discussion Theme: “What Aie Life’s Ultimate Objectives’” Morning Worship—10 30 A. M. Seimon Theme' “A Good Conscience ” The Sunday Evening Club Mill meet this week at five o’clock foi supper, and then join the othej campus religious groups in fiont of Fowler Hall at five-thnty foi a hike and outdooi vespers. West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baiid Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students 9 30—Rogei Williams Club Class. 10.35—Church Woiship Service. The message will be given by Rev. Gleason on “The Gospel of the Second Chance.” Mis. A. F. Piice will be the soloist. 5'00—Intel Chuich Foundation meeting. All Rogei Williams Club students will meet at the chuich at 5 p. m and w'lll go fiom theie to the meeting behind the stadium. Theie will be lecieation and a pio^ram
\
F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E. State St.
University Calendar Frid'i^y, [une 26
9:00 A M. 4 00 P M - 7:30 P.M - 8 00 P M.8:30 PM.-
9-00 A M8 30 PM-
-House Diiectois’ Tiaining School WRH
-Cosmopolitan Club Meeting -Convocation, Di John G. Neihaidt, Poet -Scabbaid and Blade Dance -Scabbaid and Blade Reception
Room 304, Union Hall of Music Noith Ballioom, Union West Faculty Lge, Union
Saturday, June 27
Alpha Phi Omega Pledge Hike -House Diiectois’ Tiaining School WRH -Kappa Delta Rho Dance Chaptei House
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
,PR0pvCri4M
Ot/vidU
Purdue Chiistian Foundation Sundaj Program Lafayette Chiistian Church Sixth and North St. 9-10—Catch iide iioni 131 S.
Giant.
9 30—Student Class The third lesson in the senes, “Undeistanding the Bible,” will be led by Hubei t Reynolds, Univeisity pastoi. Bung any question you may have. 10 15—Chuich Woiship Seivice (Note change in time) The Rev Doyle Mullen will pi each seimon, continuing on the senes on “How To Woiship ” 5-00—15c Suppei at 131 S Giant 5 25—Leave in body fiom 131 S. Giant to attend the “Religious Festival” ot all till Dc'iionimational gioups You won’t want to miss this special meeting with an excellent piogiam of lecication, singing, and
woiship
The Wesley Foundation Sunday Program at the First Methodist Chuich (Corner Chauncej & South) 9 30-—Two Student Classes. 1 “CieativG Woiship” will be taught by the Rev. E R Balsley, 2 “The Bases of a Just and Duiable Peace” will-foe taught by Ml J C Fiankhn. 10 40—Moining Woiship Seivice Doctoi Otto Scott Steele will use as his theme “The Signs ot the Times ” Special music will be furnished by the chon 6 30—Wesley Vespei Service All Foundations on the campus aie joining togethci foi then evening seivice this Sunday undei the sponsoi ship ol the Pin due Religious Council Students ai e asked to meet at 5 30 in fiont of Heavilon Hall. Fiom theie all will “hike” to the giounds in back of the btadiiim foi fellow'ship and woiship. Prof, J. H. Hilton ... of the Umveisity dairy husbandly depaitment, will be in East Lansing, Mich , until June 26, wheie he IS attending the Ameiican Daiiy Science Association meeting Pi of. Hilton IS accompanied by Di. P R. Elliker and W H Biown
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers
Vernon Breitwelser ... of the Eostei Shop, will lectin e on enlarging and tinting of photogiaphy at the legnlar meeting of the Camel a Club Fiiday at 7.30 p m. Ill Room 304 of the Union. All those who aie interested are invited to attend.
The steel that goes into a single sewing machine wnll make a high explosive shell foi a 76 mm field howitzer and the steel in two laige oiithoaid motois w'oiild make a sub machine gun with which oiu soldiers
could shoot dow’n Jops.
PI Tail Sigma: Very Important meeting Friday, Jgne 26, at 4 p m In Reading Boom: El(clibn of summer pledgefi. Complete at-
tendance « expected
Wesley Foundation: An "Empty-han^deiif'’ party will be featured at the Wesley Foundation House next Saturday, J'lae 27, at 7 JO p m Retieshmonts free Everyone
w< iconic „ .
—BANDELIER
Pill Lambda Upailon Pledges: Meeting Fiiday .Jun. 26, 4 30 p m in room 820, Chemistiy building All pledges muiit attend.
—ttDAMS
P I A. Chorus There will be a nieetinij in tin south tower of the Union at 7 .30, Monday fune 20 Anyone interested in
singing IS invited to i Itend
Notices
ENCHANTING ANN SHERIDAN plays the role ol a nickel-a-dance girl in “Juke Girl”, starting Satin day at the Mars.
Personnel Notes
may visit the campus if a sufficient
niimbci signs up.
4utomatic Electric Comapny, Chicago, 111 — Coming Monday, June 29 Wants to intcivicw August
r’'ponent Boatd mectinj,, Friday, Juno 26,
aL Ip m —AMOS
RcserMsts* All male studente who huve not yet (omplcttd the two ytais basic mil-itii-v Triininj' urpiirod for graduation and in now numhcis of the NavU or Maiini Coips Res( rv( ibpoit to Iho Adiuliuit’s offuf Purdiu Armoiy foi impoitant information rditivo to your stilus —RIORDAN
Alpha Phi Omcfta: Phd^es and activoR mott by uoithwist dooi of Union Saturday
-HBNJJRtCiKS
Jr. M. T Students Enrolled Under Par. 20. nine will be a meeting of all juniois taking miliLiry training Under par 20 m loom 206 of the Armory, Fiiday June 26, ^ -GRAHAM S. D. \ Danes Committee Heads: M[eetinj? Monday /tine 2M, at 4 30 in the Exponent olUee Important Cosmopolitan Club* Cosmopolitan Club will have a mcttirip: on Fnduy, June 2ff, at 4 1") p m lu loom 304 of the Union U(.an Coulid^rt will speak Everyone is m-
—SEEVEU
S. A E Meeting Monday June 29, in
room 108 of the M E budding
—SAVBBY
McDonnell Airciatt Corpoiation, St. Louis, Mo—BS, MS, ot PhD in
ME Ol CE Sign in Pcisonnd OlTico Electucal EngmcHis Sign ni Pei-
by Monday, June 29 A lepiosuitative may visit the c,unpus ot a suf-
by I
np luimil initiation to he n at rnnip C amp ontls 8
hikf to Cniv In Id U 11 00 UJ I m Sun-
ficiont nunibei sien up Continental Electiic Co, Geneva, 111 —August 01 Deci mliei EE. Sign in Pcisoniul Office liy Monday, June 29 A itpicsenfalive
sonncl Office by SaLiiiday, Ju le 27 Dclco Reniv Dmsion ot CMC, Andcison, Ind—Conimg ,‘^atiiiday, Iiilv 11 IntencsLcd in ME, TsE, ChE ,11(1 Sci Sign in Pci'^onml
Ofiice ky luiday, Tuly 10
Distingnisbcd Students* Tbost students I I ni nil di linguislud lit simist i riav ( ill lor lb. 11 Klnnds it lb C islm i s olhc. Ill lilt Adniinisliatiim budding nor IENPLN h pna Psi '■^luiiil miiliii"' iiillid fni I I IV lull ’(, I 1 ni U1 III the Pihinuiy hiiildiiig 11,1 hi Ib.i SANDI rilPN
Classified Ads
Typewriters Adding lyiacbinpR, all makes sold, rented lepaired antJ purchahed Mitfieojriaph woik dtinc C J EbeiRhotf 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2'i79 Wanted to rent* G loom house all on one floor Ol witli livatorv on fast flooi OccU))UKy on ol Ixfoie Au^uHt 10 Location near Umv(isit> iMcffiifd Communicate immedi iti Iv witli Ivan Nivtn HlG West Columbia, Cli imp uvn Illinois Money to loan on diamonds watchep, gune, lu/j.'-Ht lypewiiUrs Loan Office, 167 Coiiimbi i
> 10
“It’s tough, duiable. and elastic—the ideal synthetic rubber, gentlemen; it’s my wife’s special recipe for Welsh raiebit!” Insurance Men Study Carlbloom lo Address Corporation Problems SAE Meeting Monday
Advanced couise foi msiuance imJeiwiiteib continued its, second week at the Univeihity with loityioin uibiiiance salesmen fiom many diffcient vcctionc ol the countiy in
attendance.
“Coipoiations and life insuiance” and “Paitneiship and Stock Rcliiement Agieoments” weio discussid Tuesday “Kev-man insni anco and Cl edit uses” and “Business insiuance tax pi oblems” will be consideied Thuisday Specialized woik in business and tax msiuance will bung the thiee weeks coiiise to a close next week.
living M Cailblooin, Chicago disti let managei toi Thompson Piodiicts, will sjicak to tin Society ot Automotive Engincci ■, on “Sodium ( uokd Vahes ” at a iiioctiiig Monday night at 7 10 in loom 108 of the Mcch, meal Engmociing building He will show the Thompson lilm “Stioamlined,” which includes scenes ot automobile lacing, developments m aviation, planes in action on the hvai iiont and piodiiction used by Thompson Piodiicts
Rememberl YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOHIE'AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD » • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE / , * « ^olgreen drug stores • 410 Main Street
The fellow who conserves is a Right Hand Man to Uncle Sam. Conserve your clothes by having 'i ^ them Crown Cleaned Regularly. Crown Laundry
LFrS STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
’■‘2 1 r:, . V I \ ■■ p> / 7'' it"’,,: , -T V
America must be first—on the fields of battle, on the sea, and in the air. For those of us who arc still at home, whether we are serving on defense projects or not, our job is to share in our
government.
LEFS STAMP OUT THE AXIS! id ic ic BM U. S. SAVINGS BOARS and STAMPS ikidid^'kiid'kiKididiKiKidX
t 'll
m
Top of the Hill