k-i
I*
’i\ 'A vK I
Volume 52« Mo. 95
Eliza Fowler Hall. C. R. Gutermuth, director of the educational bureau of the Indiana department of Conservation will preside. Sportsmen’s Banquet The annual University Sportsmen’s Banquet will take place at 6:30 o’clock in the north ballroom of the Union. K. M. Kunkel, associate director of the State Department of Conservation, will be toastmaster. An address by A. M. Djay, chief of the Federal Aid in Wildlife Restorsition of the Pish and Wildlife Service* Washington, D. C., will feature the evening’s program, fob lowing the showing of motion pictures. Secretary Wickard, native Hoosier who owns and operates a farm near Camden and is a 1916 graduate of the University, and Otis Crane, of Marion, former staff (Continued on page 4)
Claude Wickard
No Mixers
xponerA jjj
W«Bt Laieiy«lto. bMHaiia
Fridby, Jmmaiy 17, IMi
thletic Director
Farm Conference Closes Today; Attendance 6,000 Recognition Accorded Hoosier Farm People For Outstanding Ag Work Recognition for outstanding achievement was accorded a host of Hoosier agriculturists, including Secretary of Agriculture €laude R. Wickard, at the annual dinner of the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association yesterday noon which provided one of the highlights of the annual agricultural conference. Registration for the five-day conference, which will come to a close today, approached the 6,000 mark, with a continuation of specialized sectional meetings on 11 different phases of farming and farm home-making in. both morning and afternoon. Today’s Program ' " ' Today’s program, which will conclude the conference, will open at 8:30 o’clock with a milk marketing -discussion in the Dairy and Farm Management section of the conference meeting in the tfnion. Prof. T, K. Cowden of the University Agricultural Experiment Station will preside at this session, which will continue through the afternoon. Representatives from the Indiana Conservation Clubs, the State Department of Conservation, Indiana University and the University wiU take part in a discussion on “Mor^ Fish and Game for Indiana Sportsmen” starting at 1:30 o’clock in
, ... will be held this week either to|day or tomorrow evenings according to Union officials. The regular Friday and Saturday dances will be resumed Friday, February 1, with the P Men’s club “Blanket Hop.” All Students Students using the library during final examination period are requested to refrain, frdm the practice of puttiiig their Coats on the chair next to them. Continuation this practice makes it impossible for the library to accommodate all of the students that desire to use its facilities.
.-i^From All Fronts-.—-Toda/s Summary Of War News To Chicago Daily News ForeigiT Service. Dopyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc • British Sink Own Cruiser Information about the effectiveness of the Nazi raid on the British fleet in the Mediterranean came from the London Admiralty today. The cruiser Southampton was so badly disabled it was sunk by its own people. The aircraft carrier Illustrious and the destroyer Gallant were also admittedly damaged. • Witnesses 'Illustrious' Raid An eyewitness story of the sevenhour bombing of the 23,000-ton aircraft carrier Illustrious in the Mediterranean is told by Larry Allen, an Associated Press reporter who was aboard. Battered, the ship made port under her own power. • Kill 20 At Wiihelmshaven Twenty were killed and 35 injured when the British raided the German port of Wiihelmshaven last night, Berlin admitted today. This was the 40th attack on the important naval base, the third within a week. • RAF Raids Bomber Base Catania, the base of the German dive-bombers operating against the British Mediterranean fleet, was pounded by the R. A. P. during the night. This was the second ruid within the week. Rome corffessed only minor damage and few Casualties. o Nazi Troops 'Political' German troops in the Balkans are called a political army in a dispatch from Belgrade radioed by George Deller. “Five Balkan nations,” he says, “are now stirring in anticipation, or vibrating with fear, before the leveled muzzle of the most adroit weapon in the arsenal of German realpolitik.” o France European 'Tribe' “France is a part of Europe and all European nations are tribes of the same people,” is a theme now being stressed by the French Secretary of' Information.
Civiliaii Pilot Training Applicants To Report For Physical Exams The following applicants for the Civilian Pilot Training Program are asked to report immediately to Dr. Miller to arrange appointments for the physical examination required of candidates: -Advanced Course Secondary Course: Brummett, Joseph Daniel; Dailey, Janette Morris; Hawk, Thomas Franklin; Kate Allen Marvin; Lemon, James Nickelson; MacMillan, David Will Mackenzie; McKee, Clarence Raymond; Sawyer, Robert Edward; Sparks, Ben Jr.; Trask, James Edward; Zappia, Joseph Michael. Primary Students Primary Course: Arlin, Ralph W.; Arvin, Louis E.; Bergstrom, Walter Burnhart; Bernwanger, Damen Charles; Bement, Herman Horton; Best, Donald John; Blue, Donald (Continued on page 4) P Men's Club Opens BackdropContest For Blanket Dance All members of the student body are eligible to enter in the Blanket Hop backdrop contest. Prizes of free bids to the dance will be given to winners of first and second places by the P Men’s Club, sponsors of the dance, which is to be held February 1. Wiuners will be chosen by a committee of P men and will be announced in the Exponent on Tuesday, January 28. The dance is given each ybar by the letter club in ordeC to obtain money to buy blanketsi -vgill be presented to the Senior lettermen sometime in the spring. The committee stated that ideas for the backdrop may be obtained from the fact that the P Men’s Club is a representative body of all the sports, both minor and major, and that the theme of the dance is the gift of blankets to the lettermen. The entries should be turned in to Ted Axton, president of the dub. t.b.n.
Continues To Serve As Football Coach Allen H. “Mai” Elward, for fourteen years a member of the Purdue athletic staff, and who for the past four years has served as head football coach, has been appointed Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men, effective February 1, it was announced late today by President E. C. BUliott following approval by the University Board of Trustees at its quarterly meeting. In addition to taking over the duties of Director, which have been handled by President Elliott since the death of Noble E. Kizer last June, Elward will continue as head football coach.
“Mai” Elward
Doan Reports Complete Sellout For Indiana Tilt Complete sellout of tickets fot the Boilermaker’s next home Big 'Ten basketball start against Indiana here on Saturday, February 1, was announced here yesterday by Ticket Manager C. S. Doan, assuring a crowd of approximately 9,000. Doan emphasized the fact that no tickets of any kind are available as all seats are reserved. r.c.w.
In announcing the action of the Trustees, President Elliott said, “The naming' of Mr. Elward as Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men is in accordance with the athletic policy of advancing capable men already on the staff. The Trustees considered that the interests of the University would be best conserved by one already long experienced in the athletic affairs and educational problems of the institution. I am convinced that Mil will do the job.” Authorize Appointment of Aide President Elliott announced also that the Trustees had authorized the appointment of such assistants to the Director as might be deemed necessary. The new director joined the Purdue athletic staff as assistant football coach in the fall of 19)27, and was appointed acting head coach in the fall of 1937 when Kizer was first stricken and granted a leave of absence. In the spring of 19^, when Kizer requested that he be relieved of his coaching duties, Elward was officially named as head coach. An end on the Notre Dame elevens of 1912 to 1915, when he weighed but 142 pounds and was credited with devising the end shift that m now recognized as an integ^ pact of the Notre Dame system, he has been actively associated with football coaching since his graduation in 1916. Started Coaching In 1916 He launched his coaching career (Continued on page 4)
Semester Examination Schedule For Today, Tomorrow
These schedules are correct unless otherwise indicated by the in-
structor.
r
Per.
Day
Date -
Time
4
-^Fri.
Jan.17
8-11
5
Pri.
Jan. 17
1-4
6
Sat.
Jan.18
8-11
7
Sat.
Jan.18
1-4
Course
Division
Period
AGRICULTURAL CHEMISTRY 107 B 'i AGRONOMY 4 :. B 1 23 A ANIMAL HUSBANDRY 7 All 4 22 A F APPLIED DESIGN 69 A E APPLIED MECHANICS 21 A, B E 21 P, Q 1 22 A-E E 22 S, T I 102 A ■! 106 C 1 BIOLOGY 1 M-0,X,AA-AD AF, AG, AJ, AK AM ....E SO All 1 39 All E 40 All .E 46 A E 108 All E ][17 ...•••.........All...... 124..... A '
Course ^ Division Period^ CHEMICAL ENGINEERING 30 A 7 34...." B ! 7 CHEMISTRY 1 AG-AJ 5 2 1 B 7 2 E 4 4 C,D 4 11 C,D,I,J,N-P 6 27 All 4 29 A,B,D-P,K,L,0 ....7 31 All 8 33 All r. 6 106 All ....^ 7 127 A 7 CIVIL ENGINEERING 71 A 7 166 A 4 175 A 4 190 A 7 CLOTHING AND TEXTILES
, Course Division Period 29 A 4 123 A 7 ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING
Coarse
Division
FORESTRY 6 A 7 40 A 5 GENERAL ENGINEERING
Period Course
Division Period MATERIA MEDICA
21 A 5
MATHEMATICS
1 - . A-I 5 2. E 6 2 F ' 7 3 A-H .7 3-... X-Z 5 4 B,C 8 4 D-P 7 9 C,D 5 9 E,P 7 13 A 5 L06 A 7 L19 B 7 L61 A 7 MECHANICAL ENGINEERING
116.
Course IMvisioit Period 23 D .7 41 P "" 'f 51 A3 ,7 55 .C3 T 129a ..A 5 PHARMACEUT. CHEMISTRY 15 All 5 117 AU 7 PHYSICAL ED. FOR MEN 41 A 7 PHYSICAL ED. FOR WOMEN A 3 PHYSICS 1 C3-0#J,S 1 T-V, X-AB .7 2 ,.3 4 18. JUl 3 -C3-G,J.S ,4 21 .T-VJC-AB ,7 22.— ^„3 7 PSXCBOUOaT 2...... ^ m
OX
ECONOMICS
117... 121a.
A B
1
J,K
7
FARM MANAGEMENT
1
5.
406...
A
110.
A
8
106...
^
116
B
7
^ FOODS AND NUTRITION
126
A3
7
1...
E
184
A
1...
F,G
EDUCATION
19...
A
3
A,E
6
22...
3
B
7
22...
C,D
HOME ADMINISTRATION 14 B 4 HORTICULTURE 19. A 7 INSTITUTION MANAGEMENT 36 ....A 7 39 A 5
MJSTALLURG. ENGINEERING 109. .7 128 A 5 183 A.' 5 MODERN LANGUAGRS 21 E 7
—A w-M
...A.
SOCmOGt ......Ml......,.., ..W—..............j ^ ^ ... .................A
Afidqn 2 - TUdiauk
Eridcor. Idnuory 17. 1941
fijujiduiL £xfwttanL
Eleanor Bennett Fund For Co-eds Available During Next Semester A new scholarship fund, the Eleanor Moore Bennett Fund, will be made available to University co-eds for the. second semester this year and annually thereafter, it has been announced by N. T. Schmalzried, of the division of educational reference. The scholarships will be for the same amount as the special merit scholarships and will be given to six students the second semester. The awards will be made on the basis of comparative scholastic indices, need for assistance, and general adjustment to university life. Applicants must be legal residents of Tippecanoe county. Applications will not be accepted after February 8, and should be made to Dr. H. H. Remmers, division of educational reference. t.b.n. Model Housing Theme Of Music Room Exhibit An exhibit concerning low-cost housing projects is on display now and will continue to be on display through January 27 in the Music Room of the Union. This exhibit has been rented from the Museum of Modern Art in New York City. The exhibit stresses the physical nature of modem housing rather than its economic and social as« pects. A short introduction indicates the principles of good site-use: the traffic free “superblock,” the wellconsidered orientation for sun and winds, and the preservation of open space for recreation. The main body of the exhibit is composed of photographs of exemplary housing projects, six European and six American, chosen not only for excellence of site-plan and architectural design, but also for variety of problem and solution, h.b.d. Wesley Foundation Plans Organ Concert Sunday Wesley Foundation will present an organ concert by Mrs. F. J. Roberts Sunday evening at 7 o'clock in the West Lafayette Methodist church. Samuel Keller, baritone, and Phyllis Baker, violinist, are also included on the program. The concert will last until 7:46 o’clock, and the public is invited to attend, n.a.o. Greek Magazine Names Bodden Editor, Manager W. A. Bodden, chief accountant of the University, has been named editor and publication manager of The Garnet and White, official magazine of Alpha Chi Rho, national social fraternity. Bodden has been a member of this fraternity since his days at the University of Wisconsin where he was graduated in 1927. While a student there, Bodden was president of the Commerce Club and associate editor of Commerce magazine, publication of the School of Business Administration. Bodden has been on the staff since 1928 and among other duties is a member of the faculty committee on student publications which has kept him closely in touch with the publication field. j.r.
Girls of Bowling Green (Ohio) State university pay 16 cents for a full dinner, boys pay 19 cents.
Purchia Promoted T0 Master Sergeant Sergeant Tad Purchia, an instructor in the University military department since 1919, has been promoted to the grade of Master Sergeant, the highest enlisted rank, an announcement by the military department stated yesterday. Sergeant Purchia enlisted in the infantry in 1912; took part in the Vera Cruz expedition and participated in the punitive expedition in Mexico under General Pershing in 1916. He served in the cavalry during the World War, and transferred to the field artillery at the University in 1919. j.l.t. PiKAWinsClassA Basketball Crown Pi Kappa Alpha’s basketball team edged out a 16-13 win from a strong Delta Upsilon quintet Tuesday night to cop the Fraternity Class “A” basketball title. Martin of the winning aggregation and Swede Thursby of the losing squad tied for high point honors with nine points each. The score was deadlocked several times during the battle and was in doubt until the final gun. Neither team had been defeated in earlier tournament competition. The members of the winning team are Martin, Heringlake, Rogue, Hartley, Breeded, and Neat. Rochdale House . . . announces the election of the following officers; president. Max A. Kline; vice-president, Herman O. Drabenstott; treasurer, Thomas E. Curry; secretary, David Barta; work manager, Donald Watt; ass’t. woi-k manager, William Pauley; house buyer. Gene Alexander; social chairman, Ivan Meyers; and educational chairman, Lawrence Myers.
Big Ten Standing W L TP OPP Ohio State 3 0 162 117 Indiana 2 0 100 70 Illinois 2 1 184 128 Wisconsin 2 1 124 121 Minnesota 1 1 78 68 Iowa 1 1 76 83 Purdue 1 2 117 137 Chicago 0 1 88 67 Northwestern 0 2 72 98 Michigan 0 3 120 137 Leading Scorers G FG FT TP Sprowl, Purdue 3 18 6 41 Mandler, Mich 3 17 6 39 Fisher, O. S. U 3 18 2 88 Blanken, Purdue 3 11 16 37 Englund, Wis 8 12 9 33 McLain, 0. S. U 3 12 9 33 Mathieson, 111 3 10 12 32 Evers, 111 3 11 9 31 W. Menke, Ind 2 13 3 29 Sofiak, Mich 3 10 9 29
the purdue exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provide for in section 1103, act of Octobev 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carried for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3 60.
All StndcHts: All students interested in joining University owned co-op house, 1186 Northwestern avenue, see BL M. Lord there, or Dean Fisher. Must know immediateljr. —LORD.
For Rent: Very large Desirable Room for two or has accommodations for three. 7242.
Undergraduate Dames: Card party Tuesday, January 21, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. All attend. —GERSTUNG.
LOST ' s Lost—Wallet at Michigan game—containing conscription card, drivers license, and passport.—Reward. J. H. Sears. Lost: Silver tie clip with initials H. E. K. Jr. Call Knight. 8444. Reward.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished room, twin beds, inner-spring mattresses, in new home. 440 Wood "Street, Fh. 66001. Reasonable.
Gentlemen: One single room, a special price, single bed. 116 University St. Phone 66781.
Peace Committee, KeiWo There will be a meeting Friday, January 17, in room 68 of the Union at 4 p. m. —MOFFET.
Freshman Squash: Only informal practice between aemesters. Courts will be available most of the time. Scheduled matches among squad members will begin with the second semester. —KNOLL.
Lost: Drawing pen and lettering pen Tuesday morning. Value, $6.00. Reward. Cal} 3086. Harold Taylor. WANTED Wanted: Student Washings. Called for and delivered. Ph. 66772.
Co-eds: Swimming pool open every afternoon at 4 p. m. until Thursday, January 23. Mixed recreation i will be held Friday, January 17, from 7:80 to 9:80 p. m. —RUSSELL.
Wanted: Two men students, knee hole desks, axminister rugs, single beds, continuous hot water. $9 each. Phone 2876. 108 Waldron. '
..For Rent: Single room. Private entrance. Continuous hat water, warm and clean— $12,00. 814 Stadium Ave. Ph. 81974.
LUMA TODAY-SAT.—! Hits
Wanted: Student to share apartment with 2 others. Cooking privileged. 7242.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ilbershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
Rooms—One single, one double. Reasonable. Phone 3810. 106 Wiggins.
For Rent—Quiet Modern single room $10.00. Phone 2086.
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
For Rent: Front room upstairs for two students or employed couple. Private entrance. 419 Dodge St.
Friday’s Editorial Staff Night Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Rose Issue Editor: Armstrong Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: E. G. Kieper, J. S. Keeler, S. G. Peterson, J. F. Amos, O. T. Clark, W. H. Hummel and G. T. Wheldon.
For Rent: Single or double room with board. $30 00 per month. 806 Vine Street. 76978.
ummsitt —TODAY - SATURDAY—
A FABUiLOUS figure w<H'o saVed a new
RULER WHO. HAD ORDEREDHH!fM HANGED'
HE’S BAD'^SneK'BAD MEN!
Single Room For Rent: Available Jan. 22 in a new home at the corner of the campus. 608 Allen St. Phone 76911.
For Rent: Single room, private entrance, continuous hot water, warm and clean, $12. 314 Stadium Ave., Ph. 31974.
Notices
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, January 28, at 7:30 p. m. in room 360 of the EE building. Mr. J. A. Green will give a lecture demonstration on "loudspeaker testing." —REYNOLDS.
Silver Mask: All members please report for practice at Fieldhouse this week. Meet with Chicago Saturday, January 18. —PITCHER.
FULL LENGTH
You be the f loiterer who gives her PAPlFUM
• If you spend twenty tini<» the ram, you couldn’t please her more than with ’’Indiscret” Perfume. It’s flattering, modish, worn by the smartest women. The flacon oi crystal draperies is a perfect gem. DECKER’S
STARTS THURSDAY
JAN. 23 LAFAYETTE
STARTS TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE
• It's Joyful!—Youthful!—and Chock full of Fun!
edafai JIBEBT'Am WYMJUV^CW WlNNZNGER*So(hig BYINGTON PLUS It's Got Mystery It's Got Murder It's Got Action and Thrills a Plenty! LAUGHING AT DANGER with FRANKIE DARRO — MANTON MORELAND
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
—and—
WITH MARGARET LINDSAY ALSO
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
HI WMS THE OHIY COUHTEKFEIT IN THE MMKI Our defective detective becomes no vault of his own!
BEFORE! Wish You Fair Weather and Gohd Luck on Your Finals When You Need and Want REVIEW OUTLINES—Come to X AFTER! Wfll Congratulate or Sympathize with You When You Are Ready to HUY or SELL Books—Come to CASH for all your Second-Hand BOOKSPuJtdusL ^xponanL
Friday# January 17# 1941
Seven Big Ten Teams In Action Tomorrow; Both Leaders Idle Although six conference teams will continue the 1941 Western Conference hardwood race in a trio of battles tomorrow night, neither Ohio State nor Indiana will risk their undefeated standings in the week-end’s bill of fare. The Buckeyes jsriH, face a severe test of their newly asserted strength tomorrow as they face a lofty Duquesne quintet at Columbus. The Pittsburgh team is rated as the strongest in the East and has recently won victories over Chicago and Marquette. ProbaMy the outsatnding confer- '
ence tilt will be at Ann Arbor, where an underrated Wolverine five will seek their first Big Ten win of the season against a veteran invading Wisconsin squad. The Badgers are tied with Illinois for third place with the conference, and will be gunning for their third win in a row. mini Out For Blood The mini, still smarting from the rapping dealt them by Indiana,* travel to Evanston for their last game before final exams tomorrow to tangle with a disappointingly weak Northwestern contingent. Both the mini and the Wildcats have dropped games to the Hoosier juggernaut, by 49-39 and 52 to 32 scores respectively. The Purple previously had lost to Ohio State 46 to 40. Doug Mills’ quintet boasts wins over Purdue and Michigan. The final game on the calendar is
a Minnesota-Chicago clash at Chicago. The unpredictable Gophers present one of the fastest combinations in the conference, with a deadly passing attack* that has netted them a win over Wisconsin and a disparging second half defeat to Iowa. The Maroons have played only one previous game, losing to Ohio State 67-38. The league-leading Buckeyes are the high scoring combination of the league, averaging 54 points per game. Indiana’s high scoring five is second with a 50 point average. Minnesota is the strongest defensive squad in the conference, holding their opponents to a minimum of 39 tallies per contest. The diminuitive Gophers held the Wisconsin team to a lone field goal in the second half of their victory at Madison last week.
SUNDAY NIGHT DANCES OPENING SUNDAY, JAN. 19TH HOURS 8-11 ADM. $1.00 PER COUPLE INCLUDING TAX IRV GIVEN AND HIS ORCHESTRA NEW BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S WED, JAN. 29, 7:30 P. M. ADVANCED THURS. JAN. 30, 7:30 P. M. ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150 ATT TT’IVT’Q 6TH and FERRY STS. T O LAFAYETTE
DON T MISS THIS SALE This is our advice to you. Not for many months, even years, you find values like these on quality merchandise. We want you to come in and look around—^you are sure to find something you want and need at very low prices. SPECIAL GROUP Suits-T opcoats
There are still plenty to choose from
$17.50 ■Hi Charge for
All Other Suits and Topcoats Greatly Reduced No Charge for Regular Alterations
Other Items Greatly Reduced! $1.65 SHIRTS Now $1.09 $2.00 and $2.50 SHIRTSc^ f” »3.««)$1.55 PANTS, valnes to $6.00 .... $2.19 Small Charge loi< Alterations HATS, values to $4.00 .... $1.29 $.100 NECKWEAR 59e Many Other Items at Real Savings •MMAINSr.
XUniESSIMPINC.
Natators Prime For Powerful Michigan Swim Squad Jan. 25 Despite the strain of the present examination period, the Boilermaker natators, under the able tutelage of Coach Dick Papenguth, took to the water yesterday afternoon and went through their usual practice session. Each member of the team is looking forward to the meet at Michigan on January 25, and a general feeling of anticipation was evidenced throughout the pool. Old Stuff To Dick For Coach Papenguth, the trip to Ann Arbor will mark the return to scenes which are_yery familiar. The Wolverine coach. Mat Mann, is Dick’s former coach and instructed our own mentor when the latter was a member of the first varsity aquatic group at the Michigan school. Being a member of that team is one of Dick’s greatest thrills, for it was not long after he was graduated that the Wolves soared to the I'op of the Western Conference. Since then, they have reigned supreme in that league. As a result of his experience at the northern institution, Dick is acquainted with the system of building a bunch of embryo mermen to championship proportions. The feat was accomplished through Mann’s efforts, until now Michigan regards swimming as a major sport. This is precisely what Coach Papenguth has set out to do here at Purdue. Wolves Plenty Tough The Riveters are expecting plenty of trouble a week from tomorrow, for aside from being the favorite in the Western Conference, the Maize and Blue has a potential national championship combine. To put the matter in Papenguth’s own words, “Though Michigan has a splendid team, they, like Northwestern, will definitely knpw that we are in the pool with them.’’ The defeat handed his team by the Purple Wildcats of Evanston has not worried Papenguth to any great
Benna Prepares Boilermaker Boxers For Lafayette Golden Gloves Meet
Flying Cadets Work Out With Riveters
SigEps Annex Squash Title From ATO Squad With the interfraternity squash championship on the block Tuesday afWnoon, Sigma Phi Epsilon outbid the ATO’s 3-0 and thereby completed their second full year of undefeated racquet wielding. The winning trio consisted of John Petty, Ralph Heckel and John Keeler playing respectively on^ the one,
two and three positions.
In the finals, only one of the individual matches went the route when Heckel topped Shelmerdme 3-2. Sig Eps Petty and Keeler both came out on the lon^ end of 3-1 scores over Silvers and Keilman of the ATO squad. As has been the custom in the finals, each individual tilt was played for the best three out of five games instead of
the usual two out of three.
Number one man on the Sig Ep team, John Petty, is the only player left from last year’s championship trio consisting of Johnny Werst,
Petty and Dick Kimmel.
extent, for he believes that the combination of sophomores in the lineup and the approach of "finals’ served to tighten-up his lads and make them nervous. These effects, coupled with the rigors of the long Florida trip, took their toll of the Gold and Black tankmen. Dick has plans to develop the coming encounter into a home and home series and eventually build up a friendly rivalry that will serve to cement our relationships with the Wolverines. “Of course, we may expect to take our beatings froip Mann’s crew for a couple years, but with time we hope to improve enough to lick them,’’ stated Papenguth in conclusion. o.t.c.
Ice Cream
DAD'S PLACE
Quarts \ Pints 2 for / ZO^
So Handy
A
^UncW
Some Facts! Take Inventory of a regularly SANITONE Cleaned Wardrobe!
You’ll find—^New beauty and much added life in each garment at no extra cost!
We Pick-Up and Deliver American
CUANER
132 NORTHWESTERN AYE.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON ^ • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREER’S DRUO STORES 410 Mcdii Street
Working hard under the watchful eyes of Coach Joe Benna each night are 31 Golden Glove hopefuls. These boys are to enter the Lafayette Golden Gloves tourney as representatives of the Gold and Black of the Boilermakers. The bouts start next Wednesday, but the Riveter squad will not enter until the following Wednesday because of finals. Coach Benna stated that the squad has plenty of boys in the light weight classes but is very short on heavyweights. The extra week the boys have to get in shape will be a big help in many ways. Flying Cadets Work Out Also working out with the team are the flying cadets. These men have been sent here from all over the country by the government to complete a 12-week training course. They will then be sent to Chanute Field, Champaign, Illinois. Some of these men may enter the Golden Gloves along with Joe Benna's boys. The Boilermaker’s chances in these bouts may be increased by the fact that seven of the boys have fought in Golden Glove tourneys before. This experience in the ring should be of great help to these fighters. Veterans of Golden Gloves are Ed Miyamasu, Jim Beers, John Pyles, Mickey Nau, Bob Browan, Bob Parsons and A1 Johnson. Still Time To Come Out There is till time to come out for the team there is a shortage of bantam-weights, fly-weights, and heavy-weights. Bantam-weight is from 1J.2 to 118 pounds; fly-weight is anywhere up to 112 pounds, and heavy-weight runs from 175 pounds
on up.
Coach Benna, the man who has been getting these boys into shape, is the youngest coach ever to coach Boilermaker athletics. He has held the Golden Gloves title here in Lafayette many times and is well liked and admired by the boys he is training. g.t.w.
Northwestern university’s first five football teams were coached by their captains and the first salaried Wildcat coach was a player.
Riveter Wrestlers Face Illinois Normal Team In First Meet Working out in anticipation of the season’s first meet with Illinois Normal college February 3, Coach Reeck’s wrestlers practiced various holds and throws in one of their regularly scheduled practices yesterday afternoon. Illinois Normal has one of the best teams they have had in recent years. Saturday they
conquered Chicago 18-13.
Although the Boilermakers’ have been handicapped in previous years by a lack of experienced men, this year’s team is strengthened by the addition of three freshmen who have had experience in high school. Another important addition to the team is Hallinka, in the one-hundred and sixty-five pound class. The weak spots of the team are in the 128, and 175 pound classes. However, Coach Reeck expects to fill these vacancies at an early date. The team is anticipating a full schedule within the next two weeks. The first of these scheduled meets is February the third, the second, February the eighth, and the third February the ninth. The first home meet will be with Cornell College February the twelfth. w.h.h. Allspaw Gives Free Golfing Instruction Harry Allspaw, Boilermaker varsity golf coach and one of the foremost golf instructors in the midwest, will be at the Fieldhouse golf range every afternoon from 1:00 to 5:00 o’clock for the next twenty weeks to give free golf instructions ^ students and faculty members. Students or members of the faculty interested in learning to play golf or in improving'their game may receive instruction at the range dur-
ing the above hours.
Clubs and balls may be obtained at the Fieldhouse check-out room or may be furnished by the players. - The free instruction is a new innovation furnished by the Intramural Office, and is expected to attract considerable attention among both students and faculty members.
DEAC'S 50% CASH Paid for Second-Hand Purdue Text Books H. G (Deqc) REISNER BOOK STOREfiaga
Ffidoy* Jdnuctty 17> 1941
fiwaiujL ^xpomtiL
HIMfa
Farm Conference Closes Today (Continued from page 1)
member and vocational agriculture teacher who was a pioneer in the field of agricultural education and recently retired, yesterday were presented with special “Certificates of Distinction for Service to Agriculture” on behalf of the Purdue Alumni Association. Wickard’s certificate was presented by President V. C. Fi’eeman, associate dean of agriculture, and Crane’s by T. A. Coleman, associate director of Agricultural Extension, and was accepted on his behalf by his daughter Ann Wickard, a University freshman. Portrait of Z. M. Smith As an added feature of the dinner yesterday, a portrait of Dr. Z. M. Smith, who has been in charge of 4-H Club work since he joined the University staff in 1912 and is also m charge of vocational agriculture, was presented to the University on behalf of the Indiana Association of Teachers of Vocational Agriculture. The portrait, by Simon Baus, Indianapolis artist, was presented by H. B. Taylor, of West Lafayette, secretary of the association, and officially accepted on behalf of the University by President E. C. Elliott. A certificate of tribute in recognition of a century of service by Prairie Farmer, Midwestern agricultural publication, was presented to Burridge D. Butler, of Chicago, publisher. Gordon Enders, world traveler and authority on far eastern affairs who has been serving as a special lecturer on the Purdue staff, was the principal speaker at a dinner yesterday, taking as his subject “The Bread Basket of Democracy.” The annual meetings of the Indiana Home Economics Association and Indiana State Daily Association were among yesterday’s high points. The dairymen held their fiftieth annual banquet yesterday evening at which time announcement was made of the Medal of Merit Herd and Medal of Merit Sire awards, and honor will be paid to Dr. C. S. Plumb, organizer of the association. Dean H. H. Kildee, of Iowa State College, was the principal speaker, taking as his subject, “Leadership.” The conclusion of the annual meeting of the Indiana Draft Horse Breeders' Association wound up the program for the livestock-men while management and economics occupied the attention of the poultry group. The soils and crops men held a joint session with the Soil Science Society of Indiana in the morning. Other sectional meetings yesterday were held by the agricultural engineering, beekeeping, botany and entomology, and horticulture groups, e.g.k. The Purdue Agricultural Alumni association elected the following officers yesterday afternoon at their annual meeting: Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman, president; Prof. E. R. Menefee, vicepresident; and Prof. F. C. Gaylord, Homer Goff, Crawfordsville, and Prof. Claude Harper, directors.
Concrete Preparation Short Course Feb. 5-6 Indiana builders, officials and engineers will attend a two-day short course to discuss and demonstrate the preparation And use of readymix concrete at the University, February 6 and 6. Announcement of the course was made yesterday by Professor R. B. Crepps, of the School of Civil Engineering who is in charge of this event. The first course of this sort was held last-year and drew such favorable comment from the 50 who were registered that it is being repeated again this year at the request of men in the building industry. Elward Athletic... (Continued from page 1) at St. John’s Prep, Danvers, Mass., where his team won the East Catholic Prep Championship in 1916. Elward spent the next four years in the Naval Air Service, where he was closely associated as a player and coach with the outstanding success of the elevens representing the Hampton Roads Training Station, Newport Naval Reserve, and Hampton Roads Air Station. Called to Grinnell as head football coach in 1922, he brought the lowans their first conference victory since joining the league, and then moved to John Carroll at Cleveland, where he remained for three years, turning out the best team in the institution's history in 1924. He came to Purdue in the fall of 1927 direct from John Carroll and has been a member of the staff continuously since that time. r.c.w.
LADIES' WHITE SHOE SKATES—$4.25 MEN'S TUBULAR SHOE SKATES—$3.75 <£aeljk
NEW
SHIPMENT
SLIGHTLY USED
PHONOGRAPH RECORDS IQ/
LATEST POPULAR
TUNES
15c and 25c
WWIIWlniilBrtini ttromiflns
MENTION THIS ADO AND GET 3 for 25c
Civilian Pilot Training Applicants (Continued from page 1)
Lee; Burroughs, William Wallace; Christenson, Arthur Lester; Connolly, Eugene Coartland; Fraser, James Walter; Hurd, Richard Carlton; Hutchins, Richard Markle; Johnson, Edwin Warren; Luei’s, Arnold Delos; McElroy, John Craven; McClanathan, Donald Eugene; Manelski, Andrew; Mann, James Robert; Mills, David Victor; Mueller, Carl Francis; Philips, John Edward; Ralston, Robert Gonia; Reul, Richard Philip; Riegel, Francis Eastwood Attends Recreation Meet Prof. Floyd R. Eastwood, of the University division of physical education for men, left Tuesday for New York City where he is attending the third annual College Recreation Conference which opened Wednesday and will continue through tomorrow. Delegates from approximately 125 universities and colleges, along with representatives of national recreational organizations attended the meeting. Dr. Eastwood is a member of both the research and curriculum committees of the conference, r.c.w.
Phi Sigma Kappa . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Allan J. Buckreus, Gary; John Gr. Hays, Franklin; Bruce C. Johnson, West Lafayette; Edward L. Miller, Franklin; John Slocum, Gary; Harry A. Weber, Indianapolis; and Howard J. Wilhoyt, Gary.
Clarence; Russell, Donald H.; Shadford, Richard John, Jr.; Shepherd, Noble Nye, Jr.; Sjoblom, William Theodore; Smith, Harry Thomas; Smith, Phyllis Louise; Spotta, Melvin Edward; Thompson, Robert Forest; Toering, Robert Lee; \'^agner, Paul R.; Ward, Marjorie Jean; Whetzel, Glenn Hubert; Pickering, Abner Kuykendall; Kitts, Leonard Weightman. 20 Vacancies Still Exist According to Mr. G. S. Meikle, University director of research relations with industry, fifty applica-
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
'tions for seventy positions have through the military department or been made thus far. All those in- from Mr. Meikle’s office en the top terested are urged to secure’appli- floor of the Executive building, cations as soon as possible either s.g.p.
WANT A COKE? Call 4095 Any Hour—Complete Fountain and Grill Service Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
Only super-careful laundering methods makes this sensational guarantee possible —a full- year's wear or a new shirt free.
CROWN LAUNDRY Laundry Phone 4073 Dry Cleaning
$
GASH
$
for your
USED BOOKS and DRAWING INSTRUMENTS We pay 50% in cash for books in good condition, which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on all other books whether used at Purdue or not.
University Book Store M. C. “Red” SAMMONS, ’29 R. V. “Doe” EPPLE, *40 Aero— from the Vmon BuihUng, next to the College Inn
• t
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Dr. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Northwestern Ave. Phone 4965
Greeting Cards All Occasions SOUTHWORTH^S
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Sforo M. C. “Red"'Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Hardware
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 AAain St. Phone 2777 "
• Dairy Products
• Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Locksmith
• Electrical Supplies
Keys and Locks for trunks, door locks, desk '«=!«» Dioht latches and padlK^ MULHAUPrs 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Brelsford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
HHEMI