/j' : 1
s,
drhE Purflue TSxaaaeat
Publish^ Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVrn
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, PlilDAY, NOVEMBER 13, 1936
NUMBER 45
Departments Will Change Quarters Staffs To Move Into Administration Building Saturday
Tomorrow is moving day for* several departments of the University when they move into new quarters in the partially finished Student Service and Administration Biulding. Included in the first group of occupants are R. B. Stewart, controller, W. A. Bodden, chief accountant and auditor of student organizations, and H. B. Abbett, purchasing agent. These men and their departments are to occupy the second floor of the building. The remainder of the building is only partially completed. It is not to be filled until after January 1, 1937.
Plan Live Stock
Show In Pavilion
“Little International,” Purdue’s own live stock show will be held Wednesday evening, November 18, in the live stock pavilion at the University farm between 7:80 and 8:30, it was announced by R. B. Cooley of the animal husbandry department. Twenty-two wethers, 45 barrows, 10 fat steers, and 16 horses will be included in the exhibit. Mr. Cooley stated that this exhibit ranks with the best that have ever been shown to the public.
Boo-o—It's Friday The Thirteenth
Living in the hydrogen sulfide gas atmosphere of the Chemistry Building and seeing the slide rules being carried on the campus might lead softie students to believe that science has conquered all superstitions. However, on Friday, the 13th, walking under ladders is a particularly dangerous occupation: softie careless workman might have left a hammer hanging there* Trying to beat a black cat to the crossing may cause a broken leg; why not go around him (or her) ? If all the people in the world who were killed while trying to perform some pet superstition were laid end to end, they would reach from the Memorial Union Building to Ross-Ade Stadium. Moral. Stop! Look! Listen!
Art Club Sponsors Motion Pictures
“Thgre can be no doubt that the craftsmen of today are sense arjtists.” This fathT and many others greeted about 350 co-eds in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, yesterday evening at 7 o’clock when a three reel film “We Are All Artists” was shown. The film was sponsored by the Art Club, with the cooperation of Dean Howard H. Enders, of the biology school.
Display Moser Exhibit In Ross Art Galleries
The Ross Galleries, located in the 600 block on Main Street, have on display an exhibit of architectural drawings and sketches by Lloyd V. Moser, a member of the University faculty. In the collection are examples of design and works illustrating perspective, ornamental details, and competitive drawings done at sketches of the New Administration Building and the Lafayette postbuilding and the Lafayette postoffice are included among those of local )}uildings.
Franklin Visits Here; Receives Promotion
E. N. Franklin, Sc. ’34, who since his graduation has been employed as a safety engineer for an insurance company, has recently received a promotion which will transfer him to Kansas City, Missouri. Franklin, is a member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, and his wife, the former Mary Frances Lupton of Lafayette is an Alpha Xi Delta. The Franklins have been visiting Mrs. Franklin’s parents, Mr. and -Mrs. A. P. Lupton of Harrison street before going to their Kansas City residence the latter part of this month.
More Days To Get That
BUCKET!
Co-eds Attend
Style Show
Louise Huston Gives Illustrated Lecture Ou “The Girl Of Today”
Mrs. Louise Huston, director of the Educational Service Bureau of the American Bemberg Corporation in New York City lectured on “The Girl Of Today,” to a capacity audience in the Home Economics Auditorium yesterday. The lecture was illustrated by Bemberg gowns brought from New York by Mrs. Huston. The outstanding garments modeled were formals, many of which showed the influence of different eras. Gay Nineties The gay nineties were represented by a black lacquered satin formal reminiscent of Mae West with its full skirt, tight bodice, and low neckline. Another unusual gowii was a white satin formal with an adaptable scarf which could be worn over the head or around the neck. An expensive hand-painted red velvet evening wrap was shown over a black net formal trimmed in black velvet. Climax The climax was a bridal party. The bride wore a gown in which 40 yards of blue tulle covered a slip of silver cloth. The coronation colors dominated the entire style show, which included sports and beach wear as well as street and informal dress. Mrs. Huston was brought here under the auspices of the Virginia C. Meredith Club.
Student Leads Mote To Present Half Hour Commercial Program On WBAA
Tau Bete Actives Drub
Pledges At Bowling
Student actives and pledges of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, will bowl faculty members of the fraternity in a contest tonight. Tau Beta Pi actives marked up a big lead over the pledges in an easy victory Wednesday night. Eighteen students participated, with E. G. Greber, R. W. Loehr, and D^ N. Wait starring for the wiimers and J. R. Murraiy, F. G. Walhl, and J. W. Wright showing up well for the losers. Murray bowled 190 for the high score of the match. C. W. Caldwell, of the electrical engineering department, scouted the contest for the faculty.
WBOW Inaugurates Purdue Broadcasts
The first of a series of regular weekly broadcasts about the University will be given over WBOW radio station at Terre Haute from 4:30 to 4:46 p. m. today. The programs have been scheduled for this hour every week by W. W. Behrman, manager of the Terre Haute station, who has cooperated with the University in many broadcasts in the past. The program will include Purdue songs, a newscast, and part of the weekly chats on science by Dr. Carl Klemme of the school of pharmacy. It will be similar to the weekly programs given every Thursday from 1:16 to 1:30 over WIND at Gary.
Theta Xi fraternity announces the pledging of Clyde L. Garver, of Indiandpolis.
By E. H. Kellogg. Dick Linville, junior mechanical, has secured permission of the board of directors of the University radio station, WBAA, to work up a half hour program built on the lines of the commercial programs now on the air. This program is to be auditioned within the next month and should it pass the audition, will be put on the air once before Christmas. If the program shows that it can be made continuous, it will be put on as a weekly feature of WBAA. The proposed program will consist of a 16 piece orchestra, a “Fred Waring type” glee club, with a girl trio and a double quartet of men, one girl and one boy to cariy the leads in a skit, a supporting cast, script writers, music arrangers, and a production staff. This outlay will give students a chance to work in any of the various branches of a commercial type program. Student Workers Linville urges all students who are at all interested in this type of work to report to room C of the Memorial Union Building today be-
tween 4 and 6 p. m. A place will be found in the program make-up for any student interested enough to work on it. ^ Auditions for speaking and singing parts will be held during next week at the studio in the Electrical 'Engineering Building. Linville, who has had some experience in direction, says, “With the abundance of talent on the camipus, I can see no reason why the program cannot be made a success and become a pioneer in this field of student production.”
PM Lectures Start Nov. 17
Plutocrat Garten? No, Not Quite!
By The Roving Reporter
Word has come to us that Bill Garten, Acacia stalwart, spent last night moaning an,d holding his hpad. Reason—he WOULD HAVE been awarded 250 iron men IF he had attended the Mars Theater bank night last night. And what makes the whole affair so much sadder is the fact that two of his fraternity brothers were on the stage as judges. After Garten’s “paid advertisement” in Bold and Black last week, the 250 smackers would probably come in handy if Theta kelson has expensive tastes.
Dr. Mary E. Lee Speaks To Hygiene Classes
Dr. Mary E. Lee, Chicago physician and medical consultant, spoke yesterday to freshman hygiene classes. During the afternoon she interviewed different groups of girls in the Engineering Administration Building. Dr. Lee comes each semester to talk to the freshman hygiene classes, and will return here again in the spring:
A Harvard professor really> ate his shirt. He dissolved it in acid, neutralized the acid with another chemical, filtered out the poison, and spread the rest upon a piece of bread which he downed with as much gusto as if it were caviar.
Hoffman Opens Series With Insulation Talk
Arrangements have just be^n completed for a series of lectures and round table discussions to be given by staff members of the practical mechanics department at the University, in co-operation with the education division of the Works Progress Administration. The series is open to the general public, especially those engaged in manufacturing and production processes Insulation
The first lecture will be given by Prof. J. D. Hoffman on “House Insulation—Does It Pay?” Tuesday evening, November 17, at 7:30 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Other lectures that will be given in the series are as follows:
Lectures
November 24, “Faults In House Ccmstruction And Their Remedies” by> Proft A, -H. Garter; December 1, ^“Reading A Mechanical 'Drawing” by Prof. J. Rising; December 8, “Manufacturing Iron And Steel” by Plfof. R. W. Lindley; December 15, “Molding And Casting An Engine Cylinder” by R. E. Wendt; January 5, “What Happens At The Gutting Edge Of A Metal Cutting Tool” by A. J. Vellinger; January 12, “Some Kinks In Forging And Hardening Steel Tools” by C. Jones; and January 19, “Measuring To The Millionth Of An Inch” by Prof. W. P. Turner.
Lull Presents Program
Prof. P. E. Lull returned Wednesday morning from Anderson where he presented a program on Tuesday evening for the annual guest night of the First Baptist Church Men’s Club. Last night he gave an address in Mulberry at the 25th anniversary of the Home Study Circle.
Department Heads Endorse Hanley Speech Contest Fundamentals
By A. B. KeUer.
In recent issues of the Exponent have appeared various articles concerning the Hanley speech contest, which has been introduced to the engineers this year. The donor of the prizes is William A. Hanley, who graduated from the mechanical engineering school after being enrolled for only three years. Following his graduation, Hanley took a position with the Eli Lilly Company in Indianapolis, with which he is affiliated at the present time. He now holds a vice presidency in the company, and is director of engineering. As further proof of his ability, it may be said that was elected vice president of the A. S. M. E. for the years 1931-32.
Enthusiastic Supporters The various instructors of the en-' gineering school are enthpsiastic supporters of the iiqlea. G. A. Young said, “Mr. Hanley is anxious that engineers should actively participate in the economic problems of their respective communities, and take interest in all government and civic matters,” It was with this thought in mind that W. A, Hanley offered Purdue engineers the benefits of such a contest. He believes that when in
Rock Rhyth m
PIA Presents First Dance
Tonight At 9
Johnny Ammernmn’s Band To Featnre'NoTelty Numbers
school, students do not correctly proportion immediate economic problems and engineering book learning. The quality of support Hanley gives his belief may be determined from the substantial prizes he has offered. Dr. Hatt’s Opinion Dr. Hatt, head of the school of civil engineering, states, “The faculty of speech and the ability of one to express himself is most important to the civil engineer.” Dr. Harding, of the electrical school, endorses the need of speech in engineering with “Purdue intends to turn out men versed in the fundamentals of speech and English as well as in engineering.” In addition, he told of the tests written in sentence form which are sometimes turned over to the English department for approval of the style and mechanics of the report. If they are unsatisfactory, the student must show fitting improvement before his diploma will be nvmrded. Take heed from Jack Walters, personnel director who knows what employers ask for, when he says, “Economics is essential for the engineer of today, because in the future it will become increasingly impor (Continu^ ou page 4)
Johnny Ammerman who will lead his popular campus orchestra in its characteristic “rock rhythms” at P. I. A.’s Black Cat Dance tonight in the Union ballroom.
Purdue Dads Hear Choir
25 Singers Give Concert In Indianapolis
Twenty-five members of the University Concert Choir sang a variety program before the Indianapolis Purdue Dad’s Association yesterday evening at 7:30 o’clock in the banquet room of the Columbia Club in Indianapolis. Morey J. Doyle, University sophomore, guest artist, was featured in a group of piano solos. Yhfe' choir left the campus yesterday afternoon at 4:00 o’clock by chartered bus and were chaperoned by Mrs. Maurine Rudy. Albert P. Stewart, director of the choir, spent yesterday in the northeast part of the state on a business trip, but joined the choir in Indianapolis. Preceding the concert, the Concert Choir had dinner at the Seville Tavern in Indianapolis. John Brubaker, manager was in charge of the trip.
P. I. A. members and their ^ corts will dance tonight is fjite Memorial Union Building from nine to twelve o’clock at the Black Cat dance, which will be their first big social function of this season. Johnny Ammerman, popular campus maestro, and his rock rhythm swing band will offer music to the tune of ten pieces. number of novelty ntunbers will be presented by the band during the evening, including “The Wreck Of Number Nine,” “They’re Coming Through The Window” and the “Pretty Quadroon.” Orchestra Ammerman has attained notable success on the campus, having played for the Union dance on Octob^ 27 and for several fratmrmty dances. His orchestra is made up of six men from Miller Welch’s camplis band, three new members, and Bill Jones, vocalist, who was with Ben Bernie until this fall. P. I. A. members and their dates will be admitted on presentation of their membership cards. Only one of a couple need be a P. I. A. member. The chaperons include Dean Dorothy Stratton, Miss Clare Coolidge, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bodden, Mr. and Mrs. Myron Moore, and Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. The dance is under the direction of Bob Schlundt and Barbara Sweeney men’s and women’s social chainnoTii.
Quick Action Saves TKE Serious Damage In Fire
A fire in the Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity house might have reached serious proportions if it had not been discovered last night shortly before 6 o’clock by the cook who turned in an alarm to the West Side Fire Department. Members of the fraternity were able to extinguish the blaze without serious damage before the firemen arrived. The cause of the fire was reported as waste paper being thrown over hot ashes.
O’Neil Awarded Nobel Prize For Literature
The Nobel prize for literature came to this country for the second time since the award was begun when Eugene O’Neil was announced the 1936 winner yesterday. Sinclair Lewis won it in 1930. O’Neil, who is forty-eight years old, has been prominent in the American stage since 1919 when his first plays were produced. Such famous plays as “Beyond The Horizon,”! “Emperor Jonps,” and “Strange Interlude,” have been written by O’Neil. “The Hairy Ape,” another of his works, will be produced by the Playshop this season.
Knapp In Fort Wayne
Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, and C. E. Dammon, vocational counselor and program manager of WBAA, will be in Fort Wayne today to attend the third of the series of public safety institutes planned for teach' ers in northeastern Indiana who are concerned with the teaching of the new trafi9.c safety courses outlined by the University’s Public Safety Institute.
Band Leads Pep Disfilay
The cheers of 300 loyal Boilermaker fans mingled with the strains of “Hail Purdue,” played by the band, as the Big Four train, bearing the football squad, pulled out of the station, headed for Iowa City, where the team hopes to down the Hawkeyes tomorrow.
Met In Village The crowd met in the village, and, led by the band, marched to the station in spirited fashion. Between cheers led by Walt Burnell, Fred Stalcup and George Bell spoke in behalf of the team members. The boys then climbed aboard the train and were on theii* way with cheers still ringing in them ears.
Hill To Feature Foster As Soloist At Mixer
Harry “Tiny” HiU and his orchestra, who are coming direct from Forest Park in St. Louis, Missouri, will play for the Union Mixer tomorrow night. Miss Ida Foster is the featured soloist with the orchestra which has played over stUion KMOX and the NBC networks. The regular hours from nine till twelve will prevail, as will the regular price of one dollar.
Players To Presmt Sketch, ^Between Wiu^*
The Little Theatre Players will present the dramatic sketch “Between Winds” on the Little Theatre broadcast at 3:30 Q’clo<dc this afternoon over the University radio station, WBAA.
%
Stalcup, Bell Talk To \ Crowd As Squad Goes To IowaTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
m 4«*p‘| Y i ’ / * 1
«ftf ■'f/7«-v R
Friday, November 18,193ff
RoU Call The annual Red Cross roll call is under way. No organization deserves whole-hearted support more than does the Red Cross, whose daily missions of mercy have won the regard of the whole world. Bom in war times, the Red Cross has done much of its most important work in times of peace, ministering to the needs of those stricken by floods, fires, famines, or any of the other catastrophies that are always threatening human existence. It costs but a single dollar to affiliate with the Red Cross and render real aid in its work. And you can be sure that none of the money contributed will be wasted or spent foolishly; through years of experience, the Red Cross has become an example of efficiency which many other organizations might well attempt to copy.
That Yellow Peril The “X, Y, and Z Plan” has been in operation here at the University for many years . . and last Friday the plan’s advance guard made its first moves. We are referring to the “yellow slips.” Students whose work has not been entirely satisfactory during the first half of the Semester have or will receive during the next few days “yellow slips.” Due to the extremely big freshman class, a greater number of slips probably will be issued this year than ever before. For the benefit of the freshmen, to whom the experience of receiving the slips may be new, it might be well to review the purposes of issuing such notices. Some universities have mid-semester examinations at which time the student can get a fairly accurate estimate of the value of his work at that time The yellow slip was designed for the same purpose here, Purdue has no official mid-sem-ester examinations, as tests are more or less a continual occurrence. The mere receipt of a yellow slip signifies that the student is below passing. However, the yellow slip carries additional information It tells also the degree of delinquency of the student The different degrees of delinquency are divided into three classes, signified respectively by “x, y, and z.” If you receive a yellow slip, it does not necessarily mean that you will fail in the course It IS merely the instructor’s way of warning you that you are in danger of flunking if you continue at your present pace. The records show that more students flunk courses who do not receive yellow slips than those who do In other words, the yellow slip serves as an incentive for work to most students driving them to greater effort and unless they are exceptionally un-mtelligent, they usually pass the course in the end. There are, however, those who receive yellow slips and still flunk It is too much to expect a gentle reminder to perform miracles. The yellow slip performs a useful service for the University as long as it continues to “iack-up” laggard students, for the aim of the University is to instill knowledge into the heads of students, not send them home discouraged failures —A H. F
Warning To Ticket Scalpers Any student who is considering scalping tickets to the Purdue-Indiana gridiron contest should be thoroughly advised of the restrictions placed on this profit-making plan and the penalties enforcable in connection with it According to the federal law, ticket scalping in itself IS not illegal. However, the sellers title I^urbue exponent Founded In 1883 I
J936 Member 1937 Associated Gblledkite Piress Distributors of (jotle6icdeDi6esi
of Vationul CoUege Press Association, Big Ten Editorial
Aisoctetion
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAl. ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Re/iresentatlve 420 Madison Ave New York NY CHICAGO . Boston . San Francisco Uos ANGEUES - Portland - Seattle Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, IndftsTift. Delivered by mail, $3 60 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 60 pu year. sold by single copy, 2 cents MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BTAFF
W. T. Hunt
— _ ^ B. H. Moms K A Barnette, J B. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Hsnlon, 0. L. Sadler
Bdit<«*>n>Chief Munaging Editor amueiute Editors
MtMtiB JEfdStOf A. _ Awoeiate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF _ _ L.D. Wood W. H. Fifleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenebain
BUSINESS STAFF BwSoeue ~ w - - - R. J, Hulse Ifgtiooiil Advertising Manager _ L. H. Brown 5j»^,A*eitlsina MiHMwer - D, C. Miller Cimdatlon Manageg j, p, Girard
BdHtor Advertising Hamper Aaso^te Editors .. .
WOMEN'S STAFF • ' — __ _ Helen Creech , , — Betty Barnett „ .Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke
lasna Editor*—D. R. Vance.
are required to hand over 50 per cent of the excess of their selling price to the federal government. Avoidance of paying this tax revenue constitutes a misdemeanor for which offenders may be fined up to $100. The sale of each ticket for which the tax is not paid makes up a separate offense. Federal agents from the bureau of internal revenue frequently visit"cities on and before the day on which football games afe to be held there to check up on the scalpers. These revenue agents are especially watcMul of games for which a ticket sellout is antidpated. For instance, ten tax enforcement deputies worked in the 'Twin Cities last Saturday when the Minnesota-Iowa game was attended by a record crowd. Several agents were also present at the Minnesota-Northwestern game on the proceeding Saturday. Prof. C. S. Doan, manager of University ticket sales, stated last night that federal men would be sent to this city to curb the activities of ticket scalpers of the game on November 21.—R. P. M.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
The Speech Staff Tells All To The Editor: The Purdue speech staff wishes to state the following facts regarding the Lodde contest held Tuesday, November 10. 1. The board of judges was selected by the speech staff. 2. The names of the judges were not disclosed until the time of the contest. 3. Our policy in selecting judges for the contests is to choose people who will be representative of the intelligent public opinion of the audience. This policy makes possible a more practical decision because a cross-sec-tion of the viewpoints of the audience is thus secured. This would not be the case if the judging were limited to persons expert in judging technical details. 4. The decisions of the judges were arrived at independently and were tabulated by members of the speech staff. 5. The signed ballots and tabulations are on file in the speech office and may be inspected by any persons interested in the facts — P. E. Lull, Director of Forensics.
Editor’s Note: The above communication should put an end to the rumors regarding the Lodde contest The placement of the winners was a matter of opinion, and was not unanimoijis, as had been reported. It represented the honel?t decisions of those who were selected as judges^. The comment following the Reader’s Opinion coui* cerning this contest which was published yesteri day morning has been grossly twisted and misinterpreted It was not stated as a definite f^ct that there had been “dirty work,” it was ^ly stated that there had been rumors to that effect That there were such rumors is undeniable, but Professor Lull’s letter should do much to clear up the situation.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
A Question
Among the worthwhile things that Lena Madesin Phillips said Tuesday night at the Activities Banquet was that college should fit a girl to spend her leisure time in other ways than playing bridge. While she made no point of this comment, it made us stop and ponder the state of affairs among the coeds on this campus Thinking over the interests of the co-eds in the University and trying to evaluate them as well as we were able, it seemed to us that they were notably narrow. Armed with that unpleasant conclusion we tried to find points to disprove the idea. Somehow there weren’t any So we began asking people for their opinions and to our surprise everyone heartily agreed with our conclusion. Of course the usual excuse offered by Purdue students for all their shortcomings is that the schedules are too crowded to include anything else. This time though we can’t see that this alibi is quite adequate. Today we are living in a decisive and interesting period of history, yet what does the average co-ed know of world affairs? You answer the question. Current affairs are only one phase of broad interests but the example serves to illustrate the contention. Maybe we are being unduly censorious or do not see the case in its true light. At any rate we ask you to answer the question, *‘How wide are the interests of the Purdue co-ed ?”
This isn’t worth putting in the coinuin, but JANR WOODCOCK has made a bet that her name would not Appear in this column—^your editor has many little and big things about her but doesn’t even deem them worth printing—^there IS a limit to the number of stupid things that anyone can pull, and which are still worth print space ... Some of WRH SPILLMAN’S dearest friends seem to think that she is in PURDUE just to see if it is as full of suckers as they say— so far she has collected a bracelet from a Sigma Nu senior, and is now turning her charms on a certain SPE—this sounds possible to me— what can you say about this BETTY??? .... SEEN ON CAMPUS: DOUG HARVEY, Pnathon John Barrymore, and “Greta Garbo” GABBY ROE walking home from Playshop together VI DANMEYER without BUD TAYLOR.. THORNBROUGH doing a little bowling m stocking feet six Gimlet pledges at the 8 o’clock sing under Heavilon Tower . . - BOB BORTON, CHARLEY PLANK and crowd hanging around a certain couple of gals in the Union lobby . . . PAT PATTERSON of WRH Annex getting a multitude of telephone calls — the DU’s finally getting their cigars in a novel fashion from STALLINGS . pretty LOUISE SCHICKLER on her way to some of her Engineering classes .. FLASH ! Sixteen of the best looking co-eds on the campus ” ” would like to have some fraternity serenade them upon some beautiful moonlight eve —this representative body represents WRH Annex — this doesn’t call for any uncalled for crack eithei—much WRHer JANE FLEIG would like to have a few more fellows call her in reference to some future dates —she states that she can have two dates a week-end and as luany of the Sweet Shop dates as suit the general male student body . . MARS CONTRIBS Today is the deadline—all doit or etc., must be handed in at the Union desk before 4 today—^the winnah for this week will be announced in Saturday morning’s column—anything that can go in the column may win the MARS PASSES . . . A very worthy frosh is now all straightened out concerning our school—^he^egistered in the Pharmacy school when he came here this fall—^not long ago he went to see the Dean, and said that he desired to change schools—this was rather odd for the kid was doing all right in his studies—his reason for changing was that he came to Purdue to study Agriculture and since Pharmacy wasn’t the Science of Farming he thought it would be best if he changed If you want to see some real fun gather around State street hill tomorrow noon at 12:15 and you will be able to witness KEN EBERSHOFP pay off an election bet by pushing a peanut up said hill, the
“I think Bill’s getting serious—he told me his last name yesterday.”
only locomotion the peanut will have will be that furnished by the tip of EBERSHOFF’S nose . . . Never do today what you can put off until next week The other day when FLOSSY SEQUARTZ was asked “Where is your boy friend’”—she replied, “Which ones.” — Last Line: I’m getting lax, guess I’ll beer down . . .
Students at the U. of Kentucky can send messages to almost any foreign countt'y in the world with their 1,000 watt short wave radio station at no cost to themselves.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Economics is still in a backward state and economists have not learned to be listened to attentively—John Maynard Keynes, British economist.
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and soeiaJ groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election syatem. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED , CLASS For Ladies and Gentlemen PRI., NOV. 13, 7:30 p. m. Enroll Now Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6Gi a Ferry
ARC
TODAY
SATURDAY
JACK PERRIN “Wildcat Saunders” — also — SALLY EILER8 JAMES DUNN in “Alias Mary Dow” —tmd — SERIAL - SPORT REEL 15c Double Feature 15c
Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play for the Pi Beta Phi sorority pledge dance tonight in Allen’s ballroom Peggy Dicks and Georgianna Pittman with Ruth Mooie as chairman are members of the social committee that planned the dance
Chi Omega sorority is holding its formal pledge dance tomorrow night in Allen’s ballroom with Bud Bryant playing The dance is in charge of Lyda Lyons
Tonight at 8 o’clock, the Wesley Foundation is holding its first co-ed bid party where games will be played and refreshments served
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Py ke-W erkhoff Company Phone 3882
Today - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE RALPH BELLAMY
It
c
— and — JACK HALEY
in
Mister
inderella”
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE JFSiEMlWSIT MieHT*
•wiih ROBERT YOUNG - FLORENCE RICE TED HEALY • JULIE HAYDON • CATHEAINE DOUCEJ
— and
Today and S)aturday
“THE MYSTERIOUS Plus MR WONG” “THE with DEVIL Bela Lugosi ON HOHSEWallace BACK” with Ford Liia Damita, Arline . Fred Keaton, Del -Judgre Campo, Jean Chatbu n, Tiffany Thayer
COMING! Sun Mon Tues. Wed. Starting Mid-nite Show Sat. Nite 11:30 P. M.
"Mummy’sBoy" They hunted mummies and found manunieal with Barbara Pepper, Moroni Olsen, Frank M. Thomas, Willie Bestr
1:
fx
fcx. V ‘Vuv ' v'‘^ : -i .L<. m,-y^ ?/ii^U \4 ■'inr4‘‘5;^‘:U>v ;
^ ^ _,' '“■'/V r ■ “■ f *'^1^ '
K
tHE PtJE£>0E ES:P(3NENf
Stttt
Boilermakers To Face
Hawkey es Tomorrow
Return of Ozzie Simmons Will Impede Kizev men^s Return To Victory Trail
Faced with the news of Ozzie Simmon’s return to Iowa’s gridiron forces, Purdue’s football squad left hete yesterday for Iowa City, where, the" Boilermakers will jump back into the midst of the Big Ten campaign against the Hawkeyes tomorrow. The Boilermakers left with the feeling that lojva’s inter-
nal difficulties of the past week
are apt to rouse the Hawkeyes to such a pitch that Purdue’s problem of bounding back on the victory trail will be made just that much more difficult. Squad Leaves A squad of 36 players boarded the train, following a rousing sendoif attended by students and townspeople. Kizer did not indicate his starting selections, but it was believed that he would stick to the same combination' that started the game against Fordham. The Purdue eleven was to spend the night in Chicago, continuing to Davenport tomorrow, where headquarters will be maintained until game time. The complete squad that mdde the trip was as follows: EndstTowell, Spehn, Stephenson, George, Zachary, Botney, Yergane, Steward; tackles: Woltmam Fitz .gerald, Schreyer, Mihal,'-dohnson, Krause; guards: Burmeister, Aron son. Graves, Grant, Knorr, Maloney, Bush. Centers: Bell, Petry, Humphrey; quarterbacks: Gift, Cody Isbell; halfbacks: Drake, Stalc.up, Medley, Selby, Purdy, Dean, Purvis; fullbacks: Cecil Isbell, Ippolito, Juska.
DU’S Win Right To Play Sig’s In Softball Finals
Winning the loser’s bracket of the softball tournament by defeating Kappa Delta Rho by a score of 5 to 1, the D. U.’s gained the opportunity yesterday to play the Sigma Chi’s in the finals for the •coveted softball championship. That th§ game was fast to the n^h, degree, and that the boys really ^rered into the spirit of the thing whole-heartedly, is shown by the fact that Fanning of the D.U.’s' dislocated his shoulder when he tried to slide back to third base at one time in the game.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
.400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Duke University
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE
DURHAM, N. C. Four terms ol^‘ efevoit weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecutively (graduation in three and one quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including the subjects r^iecified for Grade A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
ft
Campus Tux
II
by
$25
Here is a “tux” that has everything. Fit, proportion, style and tailoring. Midnight or black, double or single, high waist, pleated trousers tfnd- only twenty-five budks.
Rosenthals
322M»i;uat.
Five Teams Still Unbeaten
SAE^s Join Touchball Leaders By 6-0 Win
As the touchball Reason reaches the point where four games have been entered in the records, five fraternities are yet to be beaten. Four of these undefeated teams are: PJii Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Tau, Kappa Delta Rho, and Theta Chi, and the fifth. Sigma Alpha Ep silon, climbed into the winner’s list yesterday by virtue of their win over Pirathon by a score of 6 to 0. In a class by itself is Phi Delta Theta, which has won thre games and tied‘one, but the outcome of their game with the Phi Kappa Sigma tonight to play off their tie will be of importance in both of the team’s future standings. Next On List Next on the list come those fraternities which have won three of their games and lost one. There are six Greek houses crowding in this space, and they are Kappa Sigma, Theta Xi, Sigma Alpha Mu, Delta Sigma Lambda, Phi Kappa, and Beta Theta Pi. Still other fraternities which are distinctive in their team records are Phi Gamma Delta, with two wins and one tie, the tie being a result of yesterday’s game with Phi Kappa Sigma which ended 0 to 0. Phi Kappa Sigma, adding their tie with Phi Delta -Theta to the one just spoken of, have won two and tied two. Pirathon was sent down in the team standings by yesterday’s defeat at the hands of Sigma Alpha Epsilon and thus to date they have won two and lost one.
«♦ ♦ ♦ c ii_By Bob Walpole.
ce
The team is on its way to ONE TOUGH GAME this week-end, and if you don’t think so, just wait until game time on Saturday . . . Iowa has been shoved around by about everyone this season, and Purdue will be then? watchword . . . —fc— To make matters even more justifiable for an “Iowa Day,” the Hawkeyes will be playing ball with Ozzie Simmons ... to show the entire world that everjrthing is alright between their great colored star and Coach Ossie Solem . , . ~fc— The outbreak that came between Simmons and Solem was hushed over as quickly as it occurred . . . the announcement of Simmon’s departure from the Hawkeye squad came as a complete surprise to the Big Ten, and to the Purdue team who were undoubtedly gunning for the triple-threat negro back . . . however, according to announcements from the Iowa City Campus, Simmoiis will be on the field to do dr die . . . and* the Boilermakers will, have to stop him . .. —fc— Indiana is already announcing that two' of their better linemen wilt be out Of the Hoosier-Boiler-maker game a iyeek from tomorrow . . press reports, though, can’t alwaya ho depended upon, and MeMillin wilt have a strong aggregation facing Furdue in defense of that much cherished Bucket.. . —fo— We understand that the ticket office didn’t appreciate our comment in yesterday morning’s paper . . . they say in defense of the “300 ticket, Mock allotted^ to the Dads,” that last year they tried to set aside a greater number of seats, and it didn't work... we agree, with them, that it is a gamble, ^hut insist that with the demand for home game tickets as they were this year, that probably they could have taken, that chance ... if we are wrong, we won’t be afraid to admit it, but in this instance we firmly believe we are correct...
06£AfCf//l/A/
Roland Obenchain, In^ana’s six foot-end, who is expected to garner new laurels for himself in the last game of his college career against Purdue a week from Saturday. This twenty year old gridman from South Bend is finishing his third year on the Crimson varsity. Last year, when Indiana invaded the East, Obenchain was a deciding factor in Indiana’s win over Maryland when he snagged a pass and ran the ball across the Maryland goal.
BATTERY SOFTBALL
10—E-2 vs. Winner (A-1 vs. B-1). Official, Bartling..
FRATERNITY TOUCHBALL 1—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Official, Martin.
Coach Bernie Moore, of the highgeared Louisiana State eleven', states that in all his football career he has seen only two perfect blockers, Riley Smith, of the 1936 Alabama team, and Bill May, on the present L. S. U. grid squad.
UOffN OLMSTEflD
John Olmstead, Indiana junior letterman from Baden, Pa., one of the veterans who will carry the brunt of the powerful Boilermaker attack next week. He has carried a heavy share of the line burden all year as guard and is looked upon as an important'cog in the Indiana grid machine, which will be trying to maintain Indiana’s supremacy over Purdue for the third straight year in the battle for the Old Oaken Bucket.
Oze Simmons Reinstated
“Ebony Eel” AD Set After ‘^‘Unfortunate Misunderstanding’ ’
By B. D. Witwer
Ozzie Simmons, the Iowa colored flash, who walked off of the Iowa football practice field Wednesday and precipitated the Iowa campus into a cloud of gloom, dispersed that cloud to some extent yesterday when his return to the squad was assured.
The problem now is—^wifl the “Ebony Eel” start against the Boilermakers, or. get much of a chance to play ? Coach Ozzie Solem would not make any statement whatsoevei' about the happening so that what the future will bring out is all a matter of conjecture^With such a great player as Simmons, however, it would seem that any coach would play him {whenever poasihle, but nobody knows what Soletn thinks about the whole thing;
Fire Flsee WbAwem
AndireiKi- %%M up Folding Sereens-.fiSdlO tip Portable Gmim..$4LS0 Up Fire Sets. $4.00 up
Moore $k Keitiiilo Hanforawo Co.
330 Main Si
Lafayette
^Aaavuc(K TnnoH / ^
4$
“TOPS
FOR AUTUMN
to • • •
This aoft, siiede-like, En^hAistyle leather is more popniar tlmn ever tide FaD. Fashion aridters declare it’s de rigettr (hot stuff, in plain American) for all occasions* Yon may have theso snappy Shagbneks in brown og —prob;^ly you’ll want both. Nifty to looh at^nicer to weart
* An exdusiye feature in FREfMAN SHOES
Worn with Prido by Mlllionj
ABC ShoeCo.
per Motahl
The floor lamp luaa ittnr ndacdlopol and rabber ometed coid wnfaunbradc aide phi» Has' 100.200.300
Oyerbead. Weigbu, basepmeots dp* plw Haodsoro' shade and finiah adds to its beratr.
Only $4s9S
Onlk $$.9i
iMiistiiebunp dwwotlL teadi ptsmdj^and jdsphas beantf of dMiflo and finish to raefin^bo^
Onty $3b9S
AU tbm kmpi Star tbe tpprwof togofUv fUmbi0/fygBiitit$00r^gSQgitty> lAykfirit.
# TheMluuidsomaii^i^MTiiigJniii^afn oow a greattr ydae than ofir. Th^ are IniFforad in appesmtea.:; diortar standatdb and naw Qrpt ahadas glra a more gtacaftd i^paaranca. Thajr aia imptotad In dastgo ; * . naw images of conattnetioo in dia diffiising bowl mako Ibr graatar ateangtb and mora glnea ptotacdon^ And tbatatma afa only 45 cants down . . ; SO cania a niontli..He]t ont Om modait pon naad at one salattoom,.
|i| ’
m t''
PUBLIC SBRVICB COMPANV OF MOIANA
"‘Mi
m
We Bava a Complata lina of Genuine I. E. a Lamps H. G. (Deac) REISNER . . . . B,00|K STOREPage Fottr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Priday, November IB. 1936
..;r‘
Evening Sandals
Gold or Silver Black and Silver Or Dyeable Satin
$2.98 $3.98
High, Medium or Flat Heels Budget Shoes — Downstairs
Loeb & Hene Coi
fill vent darkening.
Club Notes
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, -bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
-Wanted—Two tickets to I. U. game. Seats together. Call Day, 45253.
Lost—Parker fountain pen with name engraved. Call Romayne. 45102. Reward.
Purdue Engineer—^All subscribers to the Purdue Engineer who have not received the October issue may receive their copies by calling the Engineer office at the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. —JONES.
Phi Lambda Upsiion—Informal initiation will be held November 13 in Chemistry room 320 at 7 p. m. instead of 8 p. m. Pledges be certain to bring themes, keys, and chocolate drops. Arrangement for payment of initiation fee should be made before initiation. —FLEFFER.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. November 12 and 13. —McLOED, PFORZHEIMER, MYTINGER.
Union Workers—^Will the following please report to me before 6 :30 November 13, important: D. Light, E. L. Klein, J. Jackson, J. D. Longfield, J. O. O’Malley, G. W. Yoeman, B. Gibbs, and Mary Hudson. —REID.
T.
Lost—Rectangular, gold, Elgin wrist watch. Only one of its kind with heavy hands. Call Frederick, 35203.
Wanted—Two passengers for a trip to University of Illinois. Leaving this Saturday. Call Gilbert 45472.
Wanted—Two men students to rent large front room. Phone 41351.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Art Club—Work room now open for use in the new Union workroom under the ballroom. —McLEOD.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges—Secure constitutions from Keenan at 132 Sheets. I —KEENAN.
Tau Beta Pi—Bowling at 6:30, pledges vs. actives. Free. Actives meet faculty November 13. —WIRTH.
P. I. A.—All books absolutely must be turned in by 6 p. m. November 13, —PARKHURST.
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up in Women’s Gym if you are going to W. A. A. cabin November 14, from 2 to 6 o’clock. —HALSTEAD.
Union Thanksgiving Show: All Participants—Report to Union ballroom November 14 at 1 p. m. —JACOBSON.
Mrs. Wells Will present a paper to the members of The Monday Club at the next meeting on November 16. The meeting will be held at 2:30 p. m. in the home of Mrs. W. H. Perrin at 1506 Ferry street.
Never use soda when cooking green vegetables. It destroys vitamin C. Use soda in cream of tomato soup to prevent curdling. If a recipe calls for a square of chocolate, one-fourth cup of cocoa plus one-half tablespoon of fat is equal to the required chocolate.
At the next meeting of the Tourist Club, Rev. George A. Ritchey will discuss “Is Religion Necessary To Civilization.” Mrs. T. K. Sanders and Mrs, T. H. Binney will act as hostesses at the meeting which will be held at 2:30 on Monday, November 16 in the Old Community House.
The Penelope Club will hold its next meeting, in the form of an institute forum with “General And Social Service” as the main topic. Mrs. Schofield will take charge and will be assisted by members of the club. The meeting will be held at 2:30 November 19, in the home of Mrs. J. C. Jones at 413 Salisbury.
A book review given by Mrs. T. R. Johnston will be the progi'am for the next meeting of the Kensington Club on November 20. Mrs. John Bullard of 283 Plum street will act as hostess.
Household Notes'' -
Sliced apples will remain white if placed in salt water for a short time before mixing with salad ingredients. If using bananas, place them in lemon or pineapple juice to pre-
Freshman Co-ed Speedball—Brevities vs. Speed Demons November 13, at 3:00, and the Speedettes vs Snappy Speedsters at 4. —ELLIS.
A. I. E. E. Officers—Meeting November 14 at 4 p. m. —WEARLY.
Profs Approve Hanley Contest (Continued from page 1)
tant. Employers want their workers to have a knowledge of the human side of economics in addition to engineering,” The practical use of this point may be illustrated in that a practical use of economics may be the only solution to a severe strike problem. Engineers Backward Prof. Prank C. Hockema, in his attendance at the many meetings of engineers which have been held throughout the country, finds, “Most engineers are backward in getting before an audience and saying what they mean.” But he finds that there is a marked improvement in the ability of the younger engineers to express themselves capably before an audience. However, there is ample room for improvement. The above quotations, coming from the instructors who every day are in contact with the needs of the practical engineering world, can be interpreted as recommendations of the Hanley speech contest. Perhaps it would be advisable for engineering students to talk further •wHth their respective instructors, and receive first hand information of the many problems of economics and engineering. That is the real reason for the inauguration of this contest.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Men’s Singing Course—All those interested report to room C in the Union Building at 4 p. m. today. —JACOBSON. Costume Committee—Meet in play shop office November 13 at 4 o’clock. —TANGEMAN.
A. S. M. E. Members—Debris picture to to be taken Tuesday, November 17 at 8:30 in the faculty lounge of Union Building. —WELDY.
Sophomore Debate Managers—^Following men will report to Union Building at 4 p. m., November 13; Meier, Carr, Harris, Rush, Kingsley. Campbell, Scully. —DEARTH.
Union Workers—My committee will please meet in the Union office November 13 at 4 sharp. Important. —SCATTERDAY.
Dairy Club—^No meeting this week. —SCHLOSSER.
A. I. E. E.—Senior electricals please read notice on bulletin board. —WIRTH.
Tau Beta Pi—^Pledge themes and bents are due Friday. November 20. —WIRTH.
Chess Club—Important meeting November 13 at 7 p. m. in Union game room. —STALLINGS.
Union Workers—'The following people will meet in .the Union workshop November 13 at 4: McNaughton. Harper, Doyle, McDonald, Gorris, Kessler, Matthews, Reininga, Margaret Jones, Janet Forgey, Kinser, Fenstermaker, Bates, Buck, and Virginia Hulse. _ —SHEETS.
W. A. A. Hockey—Sophomore Brows vs.' Juniors at 4 p. m. today. Juniors vs. Seniors at 12:80 p. m. Saturday, November 14th. —THOMAS.
« ■ k‘>''
NE appointment will convince you that here is the beauty service you want at the price you want to pay. Our experienced operators, plus modern up to date equipment, as-, sure you of these finished details of appearance every wowants.. Why not make an appointment today and see for yourself.
There^s Style Ahead in This Better Beauty Service
Select from our complete line of toiletries and beauty aids.
.a.
Phone 7901 for AppointmenT
Loeb*s Beauty Salon
It’s not Itoo late to change your schedule
SCHEDULE CARD
Monday
Tuesday
Wcd’sday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
8:00- 9:00 9:00-10:00 10:00-11:00 11:00-12:00 12:00-1:0 1:00- 2:00 2:00- 3:00
—
1 L
UNOH—U
NION CA
FETEBIA
—
3:00- 4:00 4:00- 5:00
to
Lunch
eteua.
You too will find that lunch in the Cafeteria is advantageous to you. And the reason—a wide selection of wholesome food cooked just right at a low cost; fast service as well as the convenient location to save you time. We suggest—^lunch in the Union Cafeteria. D01FNSTAIRS in the Purdue Memorial Union Comer of the Campus .. . Center of College Activities
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatrd j Building Phone 7955 — 8050
POP CORN In a few days we will be able to sappy you with that good cent that made such a hit last spring. Dad’s Place •• • • So Handy
FOR NEW —SMART CABS EAST SIDE WEST SIDE Ride in the Best for Less DeLlJX CAB COMPANY Corner Fifth and Ferry Call 2151 — Radio Equipped
It takes pep
^ s I
TO HAVE FUN
: ^ **
dll^* I'**
It takes strength to play—and you get strength from good food. The best all-around food is milk. It's rich in nourishing, muscle-building qualities and contains phosphorus and calcium from which strong bones and teeth come. Give your children iplenty of milk to drink—use milk in soups, desserts and other dishes and they'll have the strength and pep to play. Sunshine Farms, Inc
Cc
Whea yoii buy a MeCREGOR if you desire quality in material, workmanship and styling. The saving is in the, hidden value which McGregor quality merchandise'has. BECKER’S
518-520 Main St.
Phone 6477