'll.;
■:":iP
Read Daily 6y 5,000/SWenls Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVtJl
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MAY 21, 1937
NUMBER tm
C D. EHINGER TO EDIT 1938 DEBRIS
SAA Members Elect Bailey, IVellbrock, Swan, Dilts
Voting Tops Thousand Mark, Victory Decisive
Flocking to the polls over 1,000 strong, University Student Athletic Association members, by a 3-2 majority vote, Elected Bill F. Bailey their president yesterday. Two vice-presidents were chosen—J. A. Dilts and C. T. Swan. R. L. Wellbrock was
elected senior cheer-leader.
Reis Entertains Stage^ Stumps Studio Members
Joseph Reis, educational director of WLW, startled the Stage, Stump, and Studio banqueteers last night by starting out as a feminine announcer of a typical five watt radio station and ending with a realistic portrayal of a Russian traveling with a beautiful American girl on a French tj-ain. Reis gave a few glimpses of what difficulties are encountered, not only in setting up and putting a program on the air, but in getting announcers who have a knowledge of music, language, grammar, and a knack of pronouncing involved foreign names with great ease. Present Awards Presentation of awards for radio were made by Clarence Damman; dramatics by H. Kenn Carmichael; debate by Prof. P. E. Lull; and special merit awards by Prof. A. H. Monroe. Among the features of the entertainment were the Rhythm Swingsters and a radio demonstration.
J. C. Ralston Takes
Staff Position
Ag
J, C. Ralston, leader of the 4-H clubs in Tippecanoe County, has been appointed assistant state 4-H club leader on the agricultural extension staff at tlie University. T. A: Coleman, acting director, announced yesterday that his appointment will become effective June 1. Ralston’s promotion is the result of an enviable record in 4-H work. Ralston, a native of Jefferson County, is a graduate of the class of 1916 and has had wide experience in ex-
itcTISiOli He will be succeeded by Eric A. Holm, instructor of agriculture at Montpelier. Mr. Holm will begin his duties June 7.
Independent To Publish New Size Paper Monday
Monday morning the Purdue Independent will distribute its first issue of the hew four column 15 inch paper. This new size has been adopted in order that the paper may include co-ed and sports features, and other personal interest stories. The new size is more adaptable to journalistic practices and will give the staff more experience. This change is the first in the history of the paper. Monday’s issue will be the last issue of the current year.
MarshaU To Ann Arbor Professor William Marshall, who
is Chairman of the Big Ten Athletic Conference, ,has gone to Ann Arbor, Mioh., to attend a meeting of this body.
CHANGE OP SCHOOLS
Any student who plans definitely to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks at the Registrar’s oflice. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Polls were open in the lobby ing from 8 till 5 p. m. yesterof the Memorial Union Buildday. At 5:30 officials in charge of the election retired to the Student Senate office to count the votes,’ finishing at 8:30. Record Vote Victorious candidates polled the following number of votes: Bailey, 600; Dilts, 644; Swan, 566; Wellbrock, 580. The total number of ballots cast in the election was 1,012, settihg a new record for student voting in University popular elec-
tions.
Bill Bailey, president of S. A. A. is a member of Gimlet, athletic booster honorary, and is president of Sigma Nu social fraternity. He was a member of the 1938 Junior Prom Committee, and also was a member of Skull and Crescent, the sophomore honorary.
Stanley Coulter To Lead Memorial Pay Ceremonies
■ Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the University, for many years dean of the school of science and dean of men, will deliver the Memorial Day address in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock. May 30. Dean Coulter will speak on “The Meaning of Memorial Day.” The University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing “Cast Thy Burden Upon The Lord,” a selection from “Eli jah” by Mendelssohn, and “Open Our Eyes” by McFarland. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will read the necrology for 1936-37. Student Talks Two three-minute addresses will be delivered by students. H. W. Hughes, retiring president of the Student Athletic Association will tell of the Purdue Memorial Gymnasium as a memorial to the people who lost their lives in the football wreck of 1903. J. H. Shoemaker, ex-president of the Student Union, will give an address concerning the Purdue Memorial Union as a memorial to the University men and women who lost their lives during the World War. President E. C. ■ Elliott will pay a memorial tribute to the University’s benefactor and founder, John Purdue, at the same time expressing the University’s grateful memory of those who have served the University and who now rest in local cemeteries.'' The Rev. T. F. Williams, of the Trinity M. E. Church, will offer the invocation and the benediction. Harry Irwin Metzger has been scheduled to play the organ prelude and postlude.
Gas Short Course Ends; Bray Terms It A Success
Professor Bray announced yesterday that the short course in gas utilization was apparently a suc-
cess. The fact that approximately 60 attended and that the commit-
tee thought it a good plan to continue it next year, led him to believe this. The number that attended was almost twice that expected. The plan is that men will return to their own organizations and instruct their men iuj the ways that they learned. Professor Bray spoke yesterday on “Gas Utilization,” and discussed its uses in industrial heating. The subject of gas resarch was also taken up.
Presidents ’ Council Picks Graham^ Marshall, Swine-
hart, Whiting As Officers
Tommy W. Graham, junior agriculture student, was elected president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council last night at a special meeting in room A of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Graham is president of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, was chairman of the 1938 Junior Prom Committee, and is a member of the Dairy Club. Other officers elected were P. R.
Marshall, junior mechanical from Peoria, 111., Sigma Phi Epsilon, vicepresident; R. N. Whiting, junior mechanical of Chicago, 111.,- Acacia, secretary; M. L. Swinehart, junior mechanical of South Bend, Tau Kappa Epsilon, treasurer. Whiting is a member of Pi Tau Sigma, the Glider Club, and is active in intramural sports.
William Allen White will speak at the Literary Banquet tomorrow night . . . one of the most famous newspaper editors of the'20th century . . . editor of the Emporia, Kan., Gazette since 1895 ... re cently wrote a biogr-Rphy of Alfred M. Landon for the Saturday Evening Post. . . doesn’t desire to have a political post . . . prefers independence to income.
CHOICE OF ELECTIVES
Every student whose plan of study for the year 1937-3^ calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the dean or head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to all present juniors and sophomores; to all present freshman except in forestry and those freshmen engineers expecting to take •chemical, mechanical, or public service engineering, engineering law, industrial education; and to all irregular students. Reprints of the plans of study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” is available at the Registrar’s office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s office and the Library. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Fruit Magazine Prints Article By McOintock
Development of hardy stocks of fruit here at the University is the subject of an article by Prof. J. A. McClintock, of the horticulture staff, appearing in the May issue of the American Fruit Grower. The article tells of the stock scion project which was begun here in 1916.
Crowell Employs
2 Senior Engineers
K. P. Crowell, supervisor of the Caterpillar Tractor Company, Peoria, 111., employed two students after interviewing senior engineers all day, it was announced yesterday. The two chosen will begin a two year training course to acquaint them with the standard and specialized processes used in the plant. Upon completion of the training course, the men will be placed in the department for which they have shown the greatest adaptability.
Siebenthal Is Business Head, Light C o-ed Editor
Stratton Lauds
Mentor System’s Opportunities
“I genuinely think the ‘mentor system’ offers the biggest opportunity for service on the campus,” said Dean Dorothy C. Stratton at d meeting of prospective mentors yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Georganna Huber, chairman of the orientation committee for freshmen women, outlined the work program for this committee. Louise Bain, who is in charge of orientation for transfer students, explained fhe difference in the problems which confront the freshman and transfer mentors. She stressed the importance of personal interest and contact in the duties of a mentor. Dean Hears Problems Particular problems which have reached the Dean of Women through letters from first year women were discussed by Dean Stratton. Jeannette Scudder, retiring chairman of the orientation committee, urged the prospective mentors to continue their responsibility and help their mentees throughout the “yellow slip period.”' Names of the 150 girls at the meeting were taken. Selection will be made from these by means of interviews to be held next week.
L. G. Minier Teaches Bookkeeping On WBAA
Book-keeping is being taught over the University radio station, WBAA, every Tuesday and Thursday at 11:30 a. m. by L. G. Minier :|rom his classroom in Jefferson High School, each lesson lasting 20 minutes. Supplementary material for the course is sent to listeners upon request, and those completing the course will receive a “Certificate Of Proficiency.”
FACULTY MEETING
The reguuar monthly meeting of the faculty will be held' on Monday, May 24, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall, A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, Pi'esident.
While campus politicians were hurrying here and there soliciting S, A. A. votes the Debris electoral board met yesterday afternoon from 4 till 5 p. m. to elect C. D. “Chuck” Ehinger 1937-38 editor, A. A. “Art” Siebenthal business manager, Mary Jean “Petie” Light co-ed editor, and 11 junior staff members to complete the staff for'
the 1938 Debris. Junior editors appointed are: Fred W. Winter, of the civil engineering school; Tom B. Miller, mechanical; and Harold E. Lewis, chemical. Boyette Edwards, of the mechanical school; Dick M. McGhee, chemical; and Dick K. Fowler, mechanical, were appointed junior business managers to work on the 1938 yearbook. Co-ed Junior Editors Three co-ed junior editors were elected: Virginia Laramore, student in the science school; Pauline George, home economics; and Georgianna Pittman, science. Since no juniors were eligible for the job of photographic editor two sophomores were chosen—one as editor and the other as assistant. Bob A. Verner, sophomore mechanical engineer was made photographic editor, while Jack A. Emslie, chemical, was made his assistant. “Chuck” Ehinger, new editor, is a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity and is a junior electrical engineer. He is a member of the Gimlet club, athletic booster honorary^ and was a member of the 1938 Junior Prom Committee. He is a member of Eta Kappa Nu, honorary electrical engineering fraternity. Art Siebenthal Art Siebenthal, next year’s business manager, is president of Alpha Gamma Rho social fraternity, member of Gimlet, formerly a member of Skull and Crescent, and president of the Dairy Club. “Petie” Light, co-ed editor for the 1938 Debris, is a member of Pi Beta Phi sorority, and was on the 1938 prom committee. She has been initiated into A^ha Lambda Delta, Gold Peppers, and Mortar Board, freshman, junior, and senior honoraries, and is also a member of Delta Rho Kappa, science honorary.
Josselyn Writes Library Article
Mrs. Lloyd W. Josselyn, Browsing Room director, is the author of an article in the current issue of the Library Journal, published in New York City, N. Y., concerning the aims and purposes of this popular reading center. In her story Mrs. Josselyn says, “If the Browsing Room serves in some measure to promote the declining art of reading, if it introduces to the students new fields of enjoymen^ and induces a more catholic taste in literature, if it creates a desire for the acquisition of a personal library, we shall be assured that, in a measure at least, we are attaining the goal which we have set.”
FidlcE Plays Fqr Cary Hall Formal Tonight Dick Fidler will present his “rolling and rocking rhythms” tonight at 8:30 for the Cary Hall Spring Formal in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Featured vocalists for the occasion will be attractive Marilyn Maynard, and Stuart Braden, an excellent showman. The orchestra, which has broadcast almost daily for the past four years over the nation’s leading radio stations, was founded at Ohio State University. They have played for proms at their alma mater, Miami, Michigan, Cornell, Pittsburgh, and Duquesne.
Brubaker Receives Senior Music Award At Choral Dinner
John Brubaker received the first annual award given to the graduating senior who has contributed the most in a musical way to the campus, last night at the dinner given by the Executive Committee for all the musical organizations at 6:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. A wooden lyre will be hong in Eliza Fowler Hall with the names of those who receive the awards each year. The new managers of the organizations were announced for next year. Those who will compose the Student Executive Committee will include Iva Swaynie, Girl’s Glee Club; John Phillips, Men’s Glee Club; Paul Worcester, Concert Choir; Van Coddington, University Choir; David Catron, treasurer; and Robert Phillips, Univermty Orchestra. Honorable mention was made of those who had made a record attendance for both rehearsals and performances. Elliott Speaks President Elliott made a short talk and pointed out that the musical organizations were “one of the most useful student organizations in the University” and that members in the various organizations had “done something for themselves and for the University.” Chris G. Stoker was the guest speaker of the evening and as an intimate friend of Victor Herbert told something of the life of that composer. Other events on the program included dinner music played by Ferdie Foltz and a short skit presented by David Dooley, Rosemary Skinner, Robert Caskey, George Osborne and Betty McKee. Music by the entire group including “Auld Lang Ssme,” “How Can I Leave Thee” with John Brubaker, soloist, and “Hail Purdue” concluded the program.
David Ross To Head Air Show Committee
David E. Ross, chairman of the University board of trustees, will be chairman of the reception committee for the American Legpon-Purdue Airport Air Shoyr to be held at the University airport Sunday. Other members of the committee are: G. S. Meikle and Capt. G. W. Haskins, both of Purdue; Charles Deets, Dr. A. C. Arnett, C. O. Johnson, and Robert Taylor, national guard lieutenant with the 113th observation squadron. The air show will feature Murphy, of Kokomo, who will take off from the top of an automobile; Earl Stein, who will make a delayed jump and a bat-wing descent; and Lieutenant J. C. Mackey, bolder of the highest U. S. award for the precision acrobatics.
EXPONENT BOARo
All elected officers of the Exponent and the faculty advisory committee are expected to attend a meeting for discussing 1937-38 business plans of the paper in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station at 4 o’clock this afternoon. # —MANION.
-.5Pnge "two ‘MwaMwaaBwaB
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
tR\ft ^urbue Exponent
jpaanded in 1S8S
I
mpnnsNrao non nationai. ADvanrisiNa av National Advertising Service, Inc Colhf Pmblisktrs Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N Y. CHICAQO • BOSTON - SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOCLKS • PORTLAND - SEATTLE MEMBER ll^eci^d 6eUt0iate*$r(s$
Kntered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indians. Delivered mail, $8 SO per year; delivered by carrier, $2 50 per year, sold by a single copy, 2 cents.
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 6088
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL STAFF
Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor Associate Editors
D A Bailey, L S H
R P Manion J B Brock Hardin, C. D Schroeder, I Stanback, D R Vance
Business Manager Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF
D C Miller J P Girard W. J Gillilan R R Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS staff „ R F Obenchain J. S. Brown, R L McDonald, B D Witwer
WOMEN’S STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—G. J. Tafel
We Had An Election Yesterday Anyone who felt disappointed because the appointment of vice presidents to the Student Union last Saturday deprived him of a chance to participate in or to observe the feverish activity accompanying a general student election should be satisfied after yesterday’s election of Student Athletic Association officers. Even the Junior Prom election with its some 600 votes was small fry compared to the SAA balloting in which more than 1,000 votes were cast. The same electioneering and vote-getting so thoroughly evinced in Prom elections was shown yesterday, with the exception that the banners, sandwich signs, and whitewashed slogans on automobiles and sidewalks were missing. The latter form of publicity, daubing the sidewalks, may never be resorted to again, as the still visible Prom signs have aroused considerable adverse criticism. Students who didn’t even know an election was in progress, students who had never heard of the Student Athletic Association, and others who were not even certain what an athletic coupon book looked like were called upon by campaigners in their searching canvass of the campus. One student voted three times in about five minutes. He wasn’t interested in seeing any particular candidate elected, but just wanted to see if he could get by with voting more than once. He voted his own coupon book, then that of his girl’s, and finally on the card which the SAA had on file for him. We understand that this sort of multiple voting will be eliminated next year when each student is compelled to purchase a coupon book. Then each person will have an identification card with his picture attached. The campus was fairly well divided into two political factions and approximately five-sixths of the votes cast were for straight party tickets! The same clique that scored its first major victory in pushing the Natural Prom committee into office and just last week elected the 1937-38 Senate officers came through with a 3 to 2 margin yesterday. The Natural party also elected the president of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council last night, but it slipped up on the vice presidency. The usual trading and promises between political big shots preceded the SAA election. One senior co-ed, it is said, played both sides in an effort to get a sorority sister a position on a campus publication and came out empty-handed. All in all, it was a swell election . . . some dirty politics and some crooked balloting, but that is to be expected. Getting 1,000 Purdue students out to an election is no small matter.
An Open Letter To Yesterday’s Victors Dear Winners: All the world loves a winner, and we’re no exception. Yesterday was field day so far as campus elections are concerned, so there’s a lot of congratulations to be handed out this morning. Congratulations to Chuck Ehinger, “Petie” Light, and Art Siebenthal. Putting out the Debris is a hard job, but from the work you have done this year we are inclined to think that you can manage the task even as well as the 1937 officers. Felicitations also to the juniors of the new Debris staff. Congratulations to Bill Bailey, new SAA president, and his co-workers. The new Field House, with its large seating capacity and its numerous athletic facilities, will provide no end of work and worry for you next year. Compulsory subscription of all students to athletic coupon books is just one of the factors that will make your duties more weighty. Congratulations to Tommy Graham, Paul Marshall, R. N. Whiting, and M. L. Swinehart, new officers of the Fraternity Presidents’ Council. Yours is the responsibility of maintaining the high standards of a considerable group of Purdue students —^the fraternity men. You have the responsibility of carrying on the work of this year in abolishing physical punishment of fraternity pledges. It is up to you to make the fraternities appear worthy in the eyes of all who see and judge. We know that we are making too much of a fuss over you. You are the persons, however, upon whom will reffect a major portion of the glory of the accomplishments brought about by the great number of students who will work with you. We give our sincere congratulations to the new groups of officers of three important campus organizations, and we offer you the cooperation of this paper during the coming year. The Exponent.
Miss Helen Schuled '24, and now dietitian at the Indiana University Hospitals, Indianapolis, recently visited the University's school of home economics. She was accompanied by three student dietitians from the hospitals. They inspected the dietetics department. A new feature of the tiaining of student dietitians at the University Hospitals is to make inspection trips to the Indiana Colleges and Universities offering dietetics courses and to become familiar with the courses
Miss Lute Trout, head dietitian of the Indianapolis Hospitals and president of the American Dietetic Association, and Miss Lenna Cooper of Montefiore Hospital, New York City, N. Y., and president-elect of the American Dietetic Association, were visitors at the Purdue school of home economics on Wednesday afternoon.
ARB YOU GETTING AN BXPONBNTr
Beta, BILU DILLON, has a new I way to pick wild flowers ... he says that it adds to the enjoyment I to start out with a bottle of good old Tokay in your pocket. . Early to bed and early to rise, Makes a man cranky And puts circles under his eyes. PROP TROFS: CAPT. SINGER (as some tardy membeis of his class came in) . . . “Will anyone who came in late who's name I didn’t call, please come for-
ward?”
AND THEN there was the coed who, having been told by her professor to put her pledge at the end of her paper, wrote “Alpha CIiHl Omega.” . .. The other night a man m full fishing regalia, hip boots, basket, and casting rod, was seen diligently casting in the Beta front yard . . . doesn’t he know all the fish aie m the rivei ’ ... or are they ? ’ .
to the cleaners to b6 cleaned separately . . . believe it or not SAMMY followed the advice fr. . . A NEW AND DIFFERENT WAY to WIN MARS DOUBLE PASSES WILL BE ANNOUNCED IN THIS COLYUM NEXT WEEK but in the meanwhile send ia more bits of humor . ..
Friday, May 21,1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
Style Notes
By Pat Henry Overlooking their school clothes for finals, co-eds are beginning en thusiastically to plan their summer wardrobe, which will show a lot of beachwear
For a cape over her bathing suit, the clever co-ed will plan to use an ankle length peasant skirt or a knee length fishwife’s apron in multicolors.
The love bug will bite you if you don’t use FLIT III... Intelligence makes it possible to get along without edjucation and education makes it possible to get along without intelligence . . . Just one more item . . . Phi Gam SAMMY LYBOULT, basketball and baseball playei is one of the better suckeis. It seems the other day, Alpha Gamma Rho, JESSE DEHL, advised SAMMY to cut the buttons off his monkey suit and send them
When she is just lolling in the sand, she might wear a pastel suit with contrasting dark blouses. Her favorite coloi will be brown because it does such wonders to her
tan
In ordei to keep her face fresh, she will carry her cosmetic aids
‘Now where’s the poison gas department?”
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
COLLEGE MEN National merchandising firm with forty thousand employees wants 100 outstanding young men who are college graduates for key position training. Salary to start $25.00 per week. Write giving full particulars and include snapshot. Write c/o Post Office Box No. 5415, New Post Office, Chicago, Illinois.
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
TODAY — SATURDAY MEET THE BIGGEST RACKETEER IN TOWN! The action-packed codaaiice of a gid and^a’guy^who bucl^ the czat of the elot-machine racket!
KiJie Of. •4MBUia‘ zar of the Slot-Machines) A^ramount Pictura with LAIRE TREVOR lOYD. NOLAN Scimtamiroff -PlusJoe Palooka Comedy Jimmie Lunceford and Orchestra
Complete Fox Movieton Pictures of the Coronation
We buy and sell Purdue University Second Hand and New BOOKS EVERY DAY
H. G. **Deac** REISNER BOOK STORE
m a wide linked bracelet—each cosmetic in a different hinge. Speaking of bracelets, it is the prophecy that many will be worn above the elbow with short-sleeved dresses.
Hair will be noticeably a little longer and very sleek for the new crownless hats which are fast becoming the voghe. Cartwheels for daytime and toques for afternoon and evening are the prediction.
Coolie hats may be worn to the beach to protect the skm from burn-
ARC FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Johnny Mack Brown in “Valley of Lawless” —and— Jack Holt in “Crash Donovan” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
mg and freckling. Perhaps the most important article to take along will be sunburn oil, a beach accessory that will always be m fashion.
TODAY — SATURDAY Double Feature
I4M1YTODAY — SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS Sirs THE BBT OF THE BAD UNDSI lefBEee strif —Pins— Margaret Lindsay Nat Pendleton in “Song of the City”
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:30 Jim Hanvey Detective Sunday Thru Wednesday DOUBLE FEATURE
..tilOOB'
riCTIG»F$ RGMANeie!
introducing ANTON WALBROOK with ELIZABETH ALLAN MARGOT GRAHAME, AKIM TAMIROFF, ERIC BLORE. FAY BAINTER AND—
AMERm FRATERNITY OF FIENDS!
BUCK lEi HUMPHREYBOGART
n* SH/tr at PtttHItS rvtwt*
DICK rORAN • RRIN o'drirh-mooiIk ANN SHBRIDAM ROBKRT BARRAT
The whole amazing story of America’s hooded mobsters I
with GUY KIBBEE TOM BROWN- UlCIEKArE ITS FIRST RUN
-PLUS-
LAST ONE TO SEE “PENROO AND SAM" IS AROnENEOOI
. (Yeung Ariifieny Adverse! : FRANK CRAVEN • SPRING BVINGTON Croij Reynolds ■ Hgrry Watson - Jacitie Marrow • Diiectoil by William MiGann A; Firil Pielura- ^Friday^ kay 21,1937
rm PlIEDUE EXPONENT
Eight Champs Will Defend Titles At Big Ten Track Meet Eight champions will be on hand to defend their titles in the 37th annual Western Conference track and field championships in Ann Ai?bor, Mich., today and tomorrow. That number falls short of the record competition of 1936, when 11 were returned, but that 1936 total also included Jesse Owens with his four titles. Owens has forfeited his crowns, won also in 1936 as he set three world’s records and tied another in the meet held on Michigan’s Ferry Field, by turning professional. He would otherwise have been eligible for competition this year. Lash Leads List
Heading the list of defending champions is Don Lash, Indiana’s “Iron ]\|an” who holds the world’s record for the two-mile and who
has won both the mile and two-mile outdoors for two years, setting .Conference records in both events last year. Other champions returning are Bob Osgood of Michigan in the high hurdles, Charlie Beetham of Ohio State in the half-mile, A1 Haller of Wisconsin in the pole vault, Mel Walker of Ohio State in the high jump, Dominic KreSiowski of Minnesota in the shot put, and Bush Lamb of Iowa in the javelin. Ellinwood Out Ohe other title was forfeited, by Ray Ellinwood ’of Chicago in the quarter mile. After setting a world’s indoor record and winning the out^ door Conference quarter, Ellinwood failed to return to school this year and has, since turned professional. Forty-four ^lace winners in 1936 will also be competing, short of the recoi’d in 1936 when 62 returned.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
DEWENTER SUGGESTS:
for Spring and Summer
A new knitted sleeveless sweater which may be worn under a suit, tweed jacket, or without a coat.
Sleeveless sweaters in many styles of white, gray, and tan priced at $100 DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN ST.
f
ielder’s.... ....cTloice — By Bill Fifield ——
The cream of the midwestem trackmen are gathered in Ann Ax~ bo>r, Mich., today for the big meet . . . ^lur own boys left yesterday mornihg . . . According to reports Bob Lemen has a good chance to, cop the laurels in the 220 yard low hurdles ... His performance all season certainly bears out the reports . . . He’s been skimming the sticks consistently in under 24 seconds all year ... Osgood, Michigan captain, is rated as the strongest opppsition for Bob . .. —^fc— Lou Fonseca really gave the ball players some good tips yesterday when they worked out under his eye over in Columbian Park ... He had a public address system, rigged up, and as each man batted Lou commented on his position, swing, etc. —fc— Then he gave the infield a workout ... He batted balls to them and told them how they fielded wrong . . . tips from a ball player who led the American League in batting a few years back should prove plenty valuable' . . . —^fc— The ball team travels to Indiana today . . . the Crimson squad beat Michigan 11-4 a few weeks ago, and the Wolverines beat us 4-3, but thsil doesn't mean anything in baseball ... if the boys can put into practice some of Fonseca’s advice they ought to be able'to take the lU men into camp . . .
^ /iMKp la tht OttOH ik GANTNER WIKIES!
Make a splash into beach society this summer ..in WIKIES i "22% better" yarnsi Gantner patented snug waist I Self-adjusting Supporterl Free-breath-ing Lastex beltl Quick-er-drying 1 . . . $3.95 De Liixe WIKIES . $5 Ask your dealer or write us. GANTNER & MATTERN CO. San Fcanciico Mdw. Mart, Chicago 1410 Broadway, New York Above.. Jinx Palkenberg and Larry (Busier) Crabbe, ^ two former swim champions who are Gantner^ enthusiasts.
Dolphin Club Initiates Pledges, Elects Officers Dolphin Club, national honorary swimming fraternity elected officers and formally initiated pledges at its annual banquet Wednesday night in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. The club officers for the forthcoming year will be: president, L. E. Armstrong; vice-president, J. VanDelester; secretary, E. D. Carr; treasurer, Jim Jacobi; sergeant-at-arms, G. H. Kerver. The newly initiated members are: L. E. Awnsl^ong^,,E,.;D. Carr, G. i'Craig, £r. J; Diehl,'E.'^C. Heritage, J. H. Jacobi, W. D. Lahay, J. Poe, R. W. Rohrabaugh, and G. Treadwell.
TENNIS FRATERNITY ‘B’ DOUBLES
TODAY—4:15 Sigma Nu vs. Winner (Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Sigma.) Phi Kappa Psi vs. Theta Xi. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Theta Pi.
Four Teams Left In Greek Tournament After dusk had fallen on the fraternity baseball diamonds last night, only four of the eight finalists were left to compete for the championship in the Greek league. Among the teams who were previously undefeated until last evening were Alpha Gamma Rho and Phi Kappa Tau. The latter lost to the Phi Delt’s, 4-3, while Alpha Gamma Rho succumbed to the slugging S. A. E.’s to the tune of 6-8. There were also four teams from the lower bracket represented on the field yesterday, two of which will remain to battle for the fraternity championship. Alpha Kappa Lambda defeated Sigma Nu 1-0, as the D. U.’s took the Phi Psi’s into camp, 2-0 to remain in the winner’s circle.
STANDINGS
—^American League— Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 11 8 .678 Philadelphia 12 9 .571 New York 13 10 .566 Detroit 13 11 .541 Washington 12 13 .480 Chicago 10 12 .464 Boston 9 11 .460 St. Louis 8 14 .363 Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 16; Boston, 5. Chicagp, 3; New York, 1. Detroit, 3; Philadelphia, 2. Washington, 5; St. Louis, 4. (12 innings). —National League— Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 18 6 .750 St. Louis 14 11 .560 New Wk 14 12 .538 Chicago 13 12 .520 Brooklyn 11 13 .458 Boston 9 13 .409 Philadelphia 10 16 .384 Cincinnati 8 14 .363 Yesterday’s Results New York, 7; St. Louis, 4. Boston, 4; Cincinnat, 1. Chicago, 6; ,Brooklyn, 1. Pittsburgh, 5; Philadelphia, 2.
' r'"'’ 'V
Wesley Foundation Will Picnic At Turkey Run Wesley Foundation members will tour to Turkey Run State Park Saturday afternoon for an outing and wiener roast. Don Hurd, social chairman for the organization, is in charge of the group which will leave the Foundation House at 1 o’clock by bus and auto, to return Saturday evening.
POPCORN Popping More and More Every Day—And So Good. Dad^s Plaee ... ISo Haady
King of Summer Drinks Royal Food
SUNSHINE MILK
Nature’s finest food, preserved and enriched by modern science to bring health and pleasure to your family table. A dajly order spells many a glassful of energizing refreshment to all.
SUNSHINE FARMS
Lawrie, Skinner In Golf Finals In the semifinals of the All-Cam-pus golf tourney yesterday on the W. Lafayette Golf Course, D. Lawrie and R. E, Skinner emerged victorious, and will play each other today for the championship. Lawrie shot one of the best scores of the tournament, turning in a 69 to defeat D. L. King. Skinner's 74 was too much for Sanders. The starting field of the tourney was unusually small this year, with only eight men entering. The winner of today’s match will receive a trophy.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—4:15 Ayer vs. (Chapline or Breen). Wilks vs. Fields. Winner (Woodson vs. Lucek) vs. Winner (Lentz vs. Hebbler.
ArA’AAAArAAAAAA A* AAAAAAAAA-A-WARD TENNIS ¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥^¥
TODAY—5:00 Lucek vs. Tormhlen. Breen vs. Parke. Fields vs. Winner (Meyer vs. Wallace). Lownie vs. (Winner (Johnson vs. Billings). Chapline vs. Winner (Woodruff vs. Wilks).
WSGA,WAA,rWCA Combine To Give Triad Banquet Members of the WSGA hoard, the WAA council, and the YWCA cal^inet will hold a Triad Banctnet'iil the reception room of the Memorial Union Building, Wednesday, May 26, at 6:15 p. m. Tickets will be 65 cents. Arrangements for the banquet are being planned by a committee consisting of one representative of each organization; Betty Jo Sexton from WSGA; Margaret Jones from WAA, and Sara Alice McIntosh of YWCA.
The John Marshah
LAW SCHOOL
FOUNDED 1899
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD • / For Catalog, recommended list of pre-legol subjects, and booklet, "Studyof Inwond Proper Preparation" oddresst Edward T. Lee, Dean.
COURSES
(40 weeks peryear) Afternoon—^year* 5days...4:30-6:30 Evening — 4 yean Mort., Wed., Fri.,
6:30-9:20
Post-graduate 1 yeor. .twice a week Practice courses
exclusivefy.
All couises leod
to degrees.
Two years’ college work required for
entrance.
New dosses form in Feb. and Sept.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago^ III.
° Leading the Parade Here are bakery products you’ll find in the front rank of fiavor with all families who really know their pastries. Depend upon GRAVE’S service, to supply your family every day with delicious, nutritious desserts from a wide choice of breads, cakes, pies and cookies. GRAVE’S Quauty BAKERY
W. LAFAYETTE
PHONE 3852
Two For One Seems to Be the Stylel
7iJULch))Jy
and it isn’t long before he’s back with two friends who want to keep cool and look as well as he doest $16.75
/.
500 MAIN ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
lUuumiiiaiiiiaiiaiaaiiuuwimisiiiaAim
mmI4:''h\
M
c#
1
l*tiE#mDtJEJ IBXPONfil^
tiastificd Ads.
typewriters—ADDING MACHINES, bought, lold, routed und lopuired. Supplies for all unachines C. P. Ebershoff, 60B Main street Phone 2779.
Lost—On campus, May 15, black, loose leaf note book. Call McKee 51153.
Summer Employment—Students interested in summer work meet in room 0 of the Union Friday, May 21, at 7 p. m.
Naaiie Cardfr—36 for 25c; programs, tickets, posters, leiteiPS, etc. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th. Phone 5205.
Student—Desires place where he can work for board and room next fall. Contact R. Morehouse, 1025 W. 6th, West Lafayette.
Lost— K. & E. decitrig slide rule between Purdue Hall and S. P. E. house. Reward. Markham 3301.
Lost—Purdue varsity baseball uniform at Fourth and University May 20. Finder please call Baker at 5021 by 8 a. m. Friday. Reward.
C
Exquisite designs in corsages, delicate flowers
0
of any kind, arranged in a most charming manner. She is sure to be more than pleased with one of
R
our distinctive and beautiful corsages.
S
DELIVERED ANYWHERE ON TIME
1 G
E
Luna Theatre Bldg. Phones 8050—7955
Jean Hanley Tells Of European Styles Members of the junior clothing classes under Prof. Marian Willoughby of the home economics school heard Jean Hanley desdribe “Shopping In Europe” yesterday afternoon at 1 o’clock. Miss Hanley, who is a home economics senior majoring in clothing, spent several months with her family traveling in Europe Tast summer. She described the different shops in the yarious countries and showed several dresses styled from the materialsNpurch^sed. The ready-to-wear gowns; jewels, and hats from the Continent were also included in her exhibit.
Beta Sigma Psi Beta Sigma Psi socidl fraternity announces the formal initiation of Richard R. Brindle, Colurnbia City; G. B. Buhner, Seymour; and Charles H. Waldhauer, Silverton, O.
Lost—White gold- Elgin wristwatch in the Physics Building Wednesday at 11 o’clock. Finder please return to R. V. Belding, 113 South Grant street. Phone 7744.
r I
Herek our newest Snminer leather-^ G^nine White Buffalo—^fashioiied into Jarman Friendly styles that are correct wherever you go and with whatever you wear. Stop m and •ee these styles and our other smart new Jarman sports ... $5. EXCLUSIVE AGENTS BOSTONIAN AT $7.00 FORTUNE AT $4.00 B & W SHOE CO. EAST SIDE OFISQUARE
Scotch Twosoim on Price
OOQOOOC ^boooooo< DOCCCCOO oeoooor )OOOP|
SPALDING PAR-FLITC Yulcinizid [nvir Here’s proof a 50c ball can gif* distance and durability, A vulcanized cover made under tha Gawr Patent gives plenty of toughnm without sacrificing disMnce. M#
SPALDING OLYMPIC An amazing performer. A lot tougher and longer than you’d Aspect a ball at its price to be. tip • • • • 2. Spalding golf balls— both with tough Geer Patented Vulcanized Covers. Tbp-Flife. A famous high powered ball with an extra dividend in toughness. Each,lS^ Kro-Flife. Famous not only for its toughness—but for its remarkable distance, too. Each, DECKER’S 518-520 MAIN
THE NEW SPEED
Indispensable for use by OFFICES FACTORIES Restaurants STORES CHURCHES SCHOOLS HOTELS CLUBS ETC. Save Time Save Money
Hand Feed
Today’s Greatest Rotary Stencil Duplicator
Automatic Feed $3250
FULL SIZE
Prints Anything From Post Card to Legal Size
WORLD'S GREATEST VALUEIIII
SPEED-O-PRINT is the all purpose duplicator and is ready at a second’s notice to produce uniform, clear, and quick results.
Telephone Today for Free Trial
HAYWOOD’S RETAIL DEPARTMENT ^ PHONE 4085 Fifth and Ferry Streets—Lafayette, Indiana
ai;T9a'a.'f
Fair And Wtaoi^ By Tempy Hm ■muMBt ‘Wm/Oun Msmn
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Delta Rho Kappa—Initiation postponed until May 26. -PITCH, W. A. A. Archery—Anyone interested in participating in the Intercollegiate Archery Tournament must see Miss Russell immediately. No practices required. —WARD.
Scabbard And Blade— Farewell picnic for senior members 6 p, m. May 22. Meet at the Armory. Transportation will be furnished. —BAKER,
Sigma Pi Sigma Associates—Picnic will be held May 22 at Ross Camp. Anyone wishing to attend see Dr. Miller concerning transportation. There will be a charge of 25 cents for supper. —BLALOCK,
Student Senate—Convocation Committee will meet in the Senate office at 4 p. m. May 21. —DEAN.
Senate Nominations — Secure petition forms for Senate nominations upon payment of $1 fee at Senate office during the following hours: May 20, 2-4 p. m.: May 21, 24, 25, 26, 4-5 p. m.; May 27, 2-5 p. m. Petitions must be returned by May 27. —ELLIOTT.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to Happy Hollow meet at the Women’s Gymnasium May 22 at 2 p. m. —CAMPBELL.
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. ROHC DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBIRT G. BISK DR. LUTHBR A. BIRR 4M Sehnlte Bldg. Plum* i7tl
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 yeers. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7965 — 8050
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE SIG'N. 4th Lafayette
Phi Lambde Upsilon New MeihbenH'M^hefishiii be dbtaihM'ifi room .410 of. Chemistry Building. -^SANDBR9. . Mehhaniciil And Electrical EfiglneerW Seniors—^D. H. Dolman, of the Goodman Manufacturing Company, manufacturers of electrical mining machiner]^,' will interview seniors ^ interested In publicty work for ther company on May 21. ' —WALTERS.
W. A. A. Orehesis—Important meeting May 21, at 3 and 4 p. m. —SULIOT.
Independent Band—Practice in the tower
Men’a AjmWfy—^ard and varBl^teurna-
ai the.
mehts begin May 28 4 p’, m. onpw tMitk
south end of the Intramutal flej^
-KINZBR;
Gold P<»periie-MeetlnB at Hjb. ai. IWr 21 in the W. S. G? A. office. Please bring —sLocuk
W. A. A. Baseball—Games will be called promptly at 4 p. m. May 21. Fr^hmen “Blue” team vs. freshman “Orange team. Sophomores vs. seniors.
Railw.
IXPRESS
AGENCY '-f NATION.WIDE R A I L - A I R ^ E RV I C i
'HERE'S AN OLD SOUTHERN CUSTOM, originating in Louisiana, by which a merchant demonstrates
his appreciation of patronage and makes a bid for its continuance. It consists of giving a little more goods
than are paid for; the gift is “lagniappe."
When you buy a railway ticket or pay a freight bill, you purchase a certain amount of transportation—no more, no less. But the railroad is a human institution; its workers want you to know that they appreciate your patronage and hope you will come again. This feeling they show
by special attention to your needs—in other words, by the true 'Tagniappe" of
courtesy and cordiality.
IN PARTING
You will remember a railroad for the little things that contribute to your peace of mind—the convenience, speed and safety of your freight, the pleasant word, the information, the pillows, Jhe extra cup of coffee on the diner. We on the Illinois Central sum it up by calling ours "The Road of Cordial Service,"
It hai been a remindei of my student days to talk this year to students through these advertisements. Many have submitted essays in our contosi and are now awaiting the results to be announced before June. The lllipoia Central will welcome opportunities to serve your travel needs during the summer vacation. And may that vacation be a pleasant one for you all.
Fzaaidabl
ILLINOIS CENTRAL SYSTEM AN INDIANA RAILROAD-