ffihe Purilut TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1937
NUMBER 73
January 8, 1937 ANSWER to yesterday’s problem ... what exact date marked the beginning of the century . . . fooled an entire class at Texas University. The answer given by most of the students was January 1,1900, but they were wrong. The century began January 1, 1901, inasmuch as the first year of the Christian calendar was the year 1 and not the year 0. -SOCUTTING classes at a certain eastern university has its drawbacks. A student who absents himself from a class on the day of a test is required to take an extra final exam at the end of the semester . . . different questions and just as long . —30— HERE’S one from a well-known southern college: It seems that Prof. S wanted all of his students to answer “here” instead of “present” whenever the roll was called^ One perverse student insisted on answering “present,” however, much to the displeasure of th^ prof. One day Prof. S was in a bad humor. He called the roll and got the class-anticipated “present” from the contrary student . . . “Present hell!” shouted the instructor, “you are here like the rest of us.” —30— YESTERDAY’S battle near Madrid, described as one of the fiercest of the war, illustrates clearly how much “hooey” is Hitler’s non-in-tervention agreement. General Maija, head of the Madrid defenders estimated that 10,000 German soldiers participated in the encounter .. . —30— “INSTALLMENT plan” dances are the latest at Oregon State. The men are admitted to each sorority for five cents and have the privilege of dancing for 16 minutes before they are shooed out. Since the dances last three hours, students can if they like, shuffle at 12 different houses . . . and all for 60 cents!
WBAA Presents Resume Of YWCA Activities A short skit explaining the year’s activities of Y. W. C. A. will be presented over WBAA today at 2.45 o’clock by the organization’s cabinet. This is the first of a series of broadcasts suggested and arranged by the advisory board as a part of^the associate membership campaign. Mary Wien, cabinet member will announce the program. Other cabinet members who will take part in the skit are Jean Brown, Dorothy Bryant, Dorothy Coan, Helen Conver, Peggy Hamilton, Pat Jones Betty Klein, and Anna Lewis.
Joyce Williams Made Assistant In Education Joyce Williams, co-ed editor of the Exponent last year, has just been appointed an assistant in education. The position was created the first of the year. Miss Williams, who graduated last June from the school of science, is a member of Chi Omega sorority.
‘Big Robbie’T o Give Address This Sunday Dr. Robertson To Talk On ‘‘The Present Situation In China’’ First hand information on “The Present Situation In China” will be presented by Dr. C. H. Robertson in an address Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock at the Tippecanoe Historical Museum, Main and Seventh streets. Dr. Robertson is personally acquainted with both of the principals in the recent abduction of Marshal Chiang by the war-lord Gen. Chang. He met Marshall Chiang and his wife in Nanking, and later spent ten days at the home of Gen. Chang. Nickname After his graduation from Purdue, Dr. Robertson, popularly known as “Big Robbie,” spent 30 years in China, engaged in scientific work for the international Y. M. C. A., and is in a position to understand the recent happenings there. The Sunday afternoon program at which he will speak has been arranged by the Tippecanoe County Historical Association, which invites the public to attend the address.
Penny Arcade Will Feature Candy Contest The Freshman Commission of the Wesley Foundation, which will hold its annual “Penny Arcade” on the Wednesday before classes will take up for the second semester, is again sponsbring a candy-mak-ing contest this year, one for girls and one for men. Last year only two men entered when there was but one contest and now that the men are protected, the commission expects many more to offer their culinary products. A home economics authority on candy will judge the offerings.
K. E. O’NeamWithnu K. E. O’Neil, sophomore assistant on the Exponent, is confined to the Home hospital with influenza. He will probably remain in the hospital for the next four or five days.
Ammennan T o Play Tonight Ballroom WiU Have Wintry Decorations For Dance Wintry blasts will not be needed to lend atmosphere to the^Sno-Shu-Shuffle, which is being given tonight from 9 until 12 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom by the University Newman Club as the first campus dance of the New Year. Decorations consisting of a young boy and ^irl on snow-shoes will provide a fitting setting for the affair. Johnny Ammerman and his band will provide the music with an occasional number hot enough to keep the dance warm in spite of the frigid motif. Tickets, which may be purchased at the desk of the Memorial Union Building, are being priced at one dollar.
Ag Chemistry Grads Placed All Members Of ’35 And ’36 Classes Accept Positions All University graduates who specialized in agricultural chemistry in the classes of 1935 and 1936 have accepted positions, according to a statement made today by Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the department of agricultural chemistry at the University. Lee B. Nash, ’36, of Tipton recently accepted a position as assistant in bio-chemistry at Cornell University. Nash is also doing graduate work. R. C. Kellar, ’36, of Lafayette is an assistant in chemistry at the Ohio Agricultural Experiment Station and is also spending part-time in graduate studies. Another graduate in the 1936 class, W. C. Baker of Monticello, has accepted the position of assistant chemist in the Quaker Oats Co., Baker is located at Chicago.
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Browsins Room
THE COUNTRY KITCHEN By Della T. Lutes A tale of Southern Michigan in the 1870’s, this little book is the country cousin of “Life With Father” by Clarence Day. “Delly” writes of her early childhood on a midwest farm and all the country “doings” so much a part of the home life of that time. It has a real interest for cooks, for it is full of rules for old fashioned dishes so well described that it makes one’s mouth water just to read them.
Chiircb To Stage First Domino Tournament A domino tournament will be staged Friday, January 8,1 in the West Lafayette Baptist Church by the Roger Williams Club. This tournament, which is the first of its kind to be attempted in Lafayette, is open to everyone. Prizes will be given to the winners, and refreshments will be served.
Fisher Asks Rooms
Symphonic Band To Give Drum Benefit To Use Proceeds For Repair Of Big Drum Purdue’s symphonic band will give a “Big Drum Benefit” concert in Jefferson high school gymnasium January 18 at 8:15 o’clock. All of the proceeds will be used for the repair of the band’s famous big drum. Presenting a program designed to appeal to the general public, the band will include “Liebestraum”Litsz, “Dance Of The Buffoons”-Rimsky-Korsakov, “Marche Slave” -Tschaikowsky, and “Deep Purple” a modern composition by Peter DeRose, writer of “Wagon Wheels.” This last number is often played by Paul Whiteman and is one of the most modern that the University band has ever played at a concert. Two features of the program will be a triple tongueing cornet trio and a xylophone solo by Fred Baase. Tickets Tickets for the concert will be sold by band members in uniform in the business district of Lafayette next Saturday for fifty cents each. Special student and children tickets will go on sale at twenty-five cents. A goal of five hundred dollars has been set, most of which is to be spertt for a new synthetic drum head to replace the one which recently split. The drum, which is fifteen years old, was, until recently, the largest in the world, and is now second. It was constructed to meet the requirements of a 130piece marching band and is seven feet, three inches in diameter, and 45 inches wide. A special detail of ten men from the band are in charge of the drum. Instrumentation Members of the band feel that this year’s concerts will be better due to the improved instrumentation. Some of the additions consist of four string basses, five alto clarinets, four bass clarinets, and one contra-alto bass clarinet of which there are only a few in the country.
Phi Kappa Sigma • Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity announces the ipledging of Robert Taylor of Wheaton, Illinois.
Dean M. L. Fisher Residents of Lafayette and West Lafayette who have rooms to rent for the Agricultural conference starting next Monday will please notify the Dean of Men’s office,immediately. The conference, which is expected to attract between 7,000 and 10,000 visitors, will start on January 11 and continue through until January 15.
To Stage WLS Program Here WBAA Will Also Broadcast Dinnerbell Performance From Union Final arrangements for broadcasting the regular WLS Dinnerbell program from the Memorial Union Building Tuesday and Wednesday from 12:00 to 12:45 p. m. have been ecompleted, according to information received from T. R. Johnston, director of the Bureau of Information. The program is being broadcast here in connection with the Agriculture Conference. WBAA will also broadcast the Dinnerbell program during these two periods. John C. Backer, 1930 University agricultural graduate and a mem' ber of the WLS program staff, will come here Monday with his djpworkers to prepare the special program.
Freshman Wins Award For Article Ruth Ezra, local freshman board member of Mademoiselle, fashion periodical, has been awarded first prize in the mid-west section in Mademoiselle’s November contest for her report on southern cruise wear. She will receive a cashmere sweater set from one of the large department stores sponsoring the contest. Her report included several original costume designs, one of which Mr. Loeb of Loeb and Hene has selected and is having made up for display in the local department store. Miss Ezra’s report will appear in the January issue of Mademoiselle.
Dwight Issues Last CaU For Senior Photos Sittings For Jan. 13, 14, And 15; List Wm Be Announced Later University seniors who have not yet had their photographs taken for the 1937 Debris, will have their last chance to do so next Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, January 13, 14, and 15, according to an announcement made last night by Wes Dwight, editor of the Debris. J. Carlon, of the Dexheimer-Car-lon Studios of Indianapolis, will be here to take the pictures, which will probably be taken in room B of the Memorial Union Building from 8 to 12 o’clock and from 1 to 4:30 each day. Schedule A schedule of sittings probably will be published in next Monday’s Exponent. If this is not done, cards giving the time and date for the sittings will be mailed to the seniors concerned. Students who consider themselves a part of the senior class, although they hold only junior cards, will alsoi be photographed if they expect to graduate in June or at the end of summer school. Their sittings will not be included in the schedule, and they may come to be photographed at any time during the three-day period. In his announcement, Dwight termed next week’s sittings a “clean-up of senior pictures” and stated that no further chance would be given for seniors to have their pictures taken for the 1937 Debris.
Union wm Give Musicale Sunday afternoon’s Musicale, which will be presented in the Memorial Union Building starting at 4 p. m., will consist of varied selections from the works of two early Italian composers, Corelli and Vivaldi. The ensemble of Ruth Jamison, Thelma Thrasher, Dr. K. Lark-Hor-ovitz, and M. C. Howenstein will offer three pieces typifying the free style of Mozart, Beethoven, and others. Program The program follows: 1. “Chamber Sonota” for two violins, cello, piano — Arcangelo Corelli. 2. “Conecrto In D Minor” for two violins and piano—^Antonio Vivaldi. 3. Concerto for piano, two violins, and cello by Johann Christian Bach.
Canadian Yonth Rely On United States For Protection Of Dominion
McGill Daily Questions Editors Of Canadian University Dailies By K. A. Barnette In the event of an attack upon her coast, Canada is depending upon the United States for defense! That is the startling conclusion drawn from the results of a questionnaire sent by the McGill University Daily on “Canada And The Next War” to editors of nine Canadian university daily newspapers. Pro-American Policy In answering these questions, the majority of editors strongly favored a pro-American policy and a definite support of the Ban-Ameri-can Union. The editors represented student bodies of the following Canadian universities: McGill, Toronto, Western Ontario, New Brunswick, McMaster, Mount Allison, Dalhousie, Queens, Alberta, and British Columbia. The answers to the seven questions put to the editors were to express the opinion of the respective student bodies. A cross sec-
tion of the answers, which were published in a recent edition of the McGill University Daily, follows: 1. Under what circumstances would the men of your campus fight in a European war backed by the Canadian government? In answering this question the editors felt that only if the safety of Canada were involved would Canadian students fight under the circumstances. 2. Would they actively oppose conscription? There is an almost complete censure of conscription among the students. There are indications that it would be actively opposed. Only in two conservative areas (Mount Allison University, Sackville, New Brunswick and the University of Alberta, Edmonton, Alberta) would the students not oppose conscription. 3. What is the attitude of your campus toward Canada’s war policy? Should it be isolationist, proLeague of Nations, pro-American, or pro-British Empire? “Canada should follow as closely as possible a pro-American policy,” answers the editor of the Univer-
Disputed Questions 1. Under what circumstances would the men of your campus fight in a European war backed by the Canadian government? 2. Would they actively oppose conscription? 3. What is the attitude of your campus towards Canada’s war policy? Should it be isolationist? pro-League of Nations? proAmerican? or pro-British Empire? 4. Do you believe Canada has an adequate defense scheme? If not what should be done? 5. Do you think we should rely on the United States and Great Britain for protection? 6. If you are in favor of following a League of Nations or a British foreign policy, do you think we have adequate force to back up our obligations? 7. Do you think we are protected by the Monroe Doctrine (a) if attacked (b) if we are party to a British war?
sity of Alberta, Gateway. “While such a policy would not tend to strengthen ties of the Empire, the geographic considerations make the adoption of a pro-American wiar policy imperative as far as Canhda is concerned.” U. S. Can Defend Canada The Varsity, student daily of the University of Toronto, Ontario, replies, “We know that .the United States War Department has in its
possession a complete plan for the defense of Canada. So in view of the statement made by Secretary Swanson on October 8, that the United States Navy would be prepared to meet ‘menace with menace’ in any attempt to increase fortifications in the Pacific, it may be taken for granted that the United States would have no difiiculty in defending Canada as well as herself, if necessary.
“Prevous Canadian governments have not accepted a chair which has always been open to them in the Pan-American Union,” coptinues The Varsity. “Considering that the policy of the Union is to keep out of all foreign entanglements, it would seem that with Canada having so much in common with the United States, it would be better to link up with a nation which is similar economically and which has always stood first and foremost for peace. Outstanding For Peace “The Pan-American Union could easily become the foremost organization in the cause of peace that the world has known. Even if the Monroe Doctrine were completely inefficacious as a protection to Canada in the event of attack or in event of involuntary participation in a British war, the Union of all America would act as a safeguard against the violation of Canadian soil, since no North American nation, least of all the United States, can afford to have hostile armed forces in power anywhere on the continent,” ^
Favor Pro-American PoUcy, Membership In Pan-American Union
4. Do you believe that Canada has an adequate defense scheme? If not, what should be done? The editor of The Argosy, Mount Allison University publication, replies that “Canada does not have an adequate defense scheme. She could not have, considering her resources. Nothing should be done about it for two reasons: we can not possibly afford an adequate defense;: and the need is not sufficiently pressinsb with huge American interests in Canada.” The McGill Daily, of Montreal, says: “Our main protection would be an enlightened foreign policy contributing to world peace.” 5. Do you think we should rely wi the United States and Great Britain for protection? “Canada would have to rely on the United States in the case of invasion of territorial rights,” answers The Gateway, “while in caao (Continued on page 4>, t p " tr fi ( n't'’”
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
No Comment
Since the publication of the honorary rat-
ion
ings two days ago, 1 have been told that more than a few students have been quite vehemently denouncing them. But as yet I haven’t been approached by any organization desiring
to have its rating improved.
The procedure for obtaining such revision is simple; all that must be done is to convince the editor that the organization merits an advancement. This may not be accomplished by merely returning the hitherto unanswered questionnaires. A personal contact must be made and factual evidence presented. Assuming that such evidence is available, there is no reason why any giroup that honestly believes it is satisfactory should fail to attempt
to change its rating.
This lack of comment is rather typical of such cases. People are too bashful to tell us that they believe we are wrong. They bluster about the situation to everyone except those in charge of the paper. Vociferously condemning the Exponent to the world in general, they lack the ability, courage, or interest to make their complaints in the proper and straightforward fashion. Unfortunately, this tendency has almost always been noticeable at Purdue. Perhaps some day students may ^ke active interests in the organizations and causes they profess to uphold.
What Becomes Of
Chemical Engineers?
If you are studying to be a chemical engineer, what field of activity will you enter after graduation? In what kind of work within that field of activity will you be employed? What are your chances of becoming engaged in a field of work diiferent from that branch of engineering which you are now studying? How many chemical engineers have received degrees higher than a bachelor’s ? How many of them have no degree at all? “What Becomes Of Chemical Engineers?” an article in the December issue of Chemical & Metallurgical Engineering concerning the occupational distribution and the education of engineers in the United States, may help you to answer these questions.'* The article with accompanying graphically illustrated statistics, is based on a survey of 52,589 engineers of all professions taken in May, 1935, by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics, at the request of the American Engineering Council. The survey shows that 56.5 per cent of the nation’s “chemical engineers,” including the chemical and the closely related mining and metallurgical engineers, are engaged in private manufacturing industry, in comparison with 30.4 per cent of all engineers so occupied; extractive industries employ 21.4 per cent of the chemicals, but only 5.1 per cent of all engineers; personal services, including publications:, trade organizations, wholesale and retail establishments, ranks third in the employment of chemical engineers, with 9.4 per cent, while 11.6 per cent of all engineers are distributed in this field.
A great contrast arises in the percentages of engineers which the government employs. Only 8 per cent of the chemicals work for the government, although 31.5 per cent of all engineers are engaged in this occupational phase. The difference is produced by agricultural, architectural, and civil engineers, of which 63 per cent of the combined three
^urbue exponent
Foiuid«d In 1889
t036 Member (^ssockied GDliedKite Distributors of Cblie6iateDi6e$(
REPRESENTeO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc
College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Avb. New York NY. CHICAGO • Boston • ban Francisco Los ANGELES - PORTLAND • SEATTLE
Sintered as second class matter at the i>ost office, Lafayette, Indiana Delivered by mail, $3.50 per year, delivered by carrier, $2 60 tier year, sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
ESditor'in-Cblef. Managing Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF
W. T. Hunt E. H. Moms
AsBoetote Editora Ji. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster,
R. P Manion, C. L Sadler
Sophomore Assistants W M, Anthony, D. A Bailey,
J A Chapin, J. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg. K. B O'Neil, C. D. Schroeder, H I Stanback, D. R. Vance
Editor Associate Editors
Advertising Manager „
WOMEN'S STAFF — Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Eliabeth Pyke
Betty Barnett
„ . BUSINESS STAFF susuiesB mBXkMattt National Advertising Manager Local Advertising RUnager ..... ... Circulation Manager
.. R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller „ J.P. Girard
Editor. Associate Editors.
SPORTS STAFF
™ „ L. D. Wood ,W, H, FIfleld, 8. R. G^ithe, R. P. Obenchain
iMUe Editor—D. R. Vance.
groups are employed in government work. Public utilities employ 8.2 per cent of chemical and ll.B per cent of all engineers; and 1.6 per cent of chemical and 9.6 per cent of all engineers are occupied in construction work. Operation, with 46.3 per cent, and design and research, with 27.6 per cent, are the two leading functional classifications of chemical engineers, as compared With 24.2 and 26.6 per cent, respectively, for all engineers. The divisions of engineers according to the kind of work done within the field of their activity are: teaching—chemicals, 6.8 per cent; all engineers, 5.9 per cent; consulting—chemicals, 6.7 per cent; all engineers 6.4 per cent; administration—chemicals, 3.9 per cent; all engineers 24.1 per cent. Educational data on the engineers show that 74.4 per cent of the chemicals, this time not including mining and metallurgical engineers, have bachelor’s degrees in engineering, 10.9 per cent have master’s degrees, and 2.9 per cent have doctor’s degrees, in comparison with 72.9, 5.2, and 0.6 per cent for each respective degree, of all engineers. The remaining 11.8 per cent of the chemical engineers are either non-engineering graduates, or attended college but did not finish, are non-col-legiate technical school engineers, are second-ary-school engineers, or come in miscellaneous classes.
More chemical engineers pursue their field of specialization than do engineers as a group, according to the survey, which shows that 84.1 per cent of the chemicals have a degree in the same branch of engineering as their present field of work, while only 70.3 per cent of all engineers are so distributed. The author of the article interprets these statistics not to mean that there is less tendency among chemical engineers to transfer to others of the various branches of engineering, but that other engineers are not changing over to the chemical engineering work. These educational statistics are evidence that at least a bachelor’s degree is almost a necessity for entrance into any kind of engineering at ail; that specialization is more important for chemical engineers than for other classes; and that chemical engineers spend more time in getting a formal education than do the other engineers.—^R. P. M.
Under-The-Basket-Menace
Soon Purdue will have a fine new fieldhouse with the most modern equipment and the most scientific designs. There will be plenty of room for both participants and spectators for any number of kinds of athletic contests. Everything will be done to add to the safety and efficiency of the players and to the com-
fort of the fans.
However, the fieldhouse will not be ready for use for some time yet, and Purdue’s basketball team will have to continue to play its home games in the local high school gymnasium. The seating plan has been arranged so
In defense of some of the remarks concerning themselves a co-ed remarks, “99 per cent of the men in colleges are OK—^the other 1 per cent go to Purdue” . . .
AL STEWART is going around asking if the fuzz, otherwise known as a mustache, on his lip is BECOMING—it may BE COMING but it hasn’t gotten here yet . . .
BELIEVE IT There was a young lady of Lynn, Who was so exceedingly thin. That when she essayed To drink lemonade. She sipped through the straw, and fell in!
GERTIE SCHMIDT used to was promising young Alpha Chi pledge but since she decided that Triangle KINZER would make a much better specimen when his pm he had no more, went out of circulation— she snagged the little token of affection from him at the de-pot just before he went home . . .
ADJECTIVES Sweety Sweet—MANLY HAWKINS. Adhesive—MARY HUFFINE. Piercing—EVA SPEAKER. Chatterous—MARGE POOR. Distant—JESSIE GRAHAM. Meek—MARY GRACE MYTINGER Giddy—LIB “Gutter Ball” CALLISON Amicable—PAT PATTERSON. Conceited—RUTH CHRISTOPHERSON Dainty—RUTH CRONE. Deliberate—GENEVE SEXTON. ABSURD—Any Co-ed Different—KATIE CROMER \Cold—VI DAMMEYER??
that all the ground floor seats are occupied
for every game.
This arrangement introduced a danger to both players and spectators. In order to crowd as many people as possible in on the ground floor, the rows of seats extend to the very edge of the playing floor. On the sides of the court this is not so bad, but at the ends, especially under the basket, it is very dangerous. Purdue’s tteams are characterized as “fast breaking,” and the players’ fast breaks or flying shots frequently send them crashing into the laps of the spectators. Human bodies are not built to withstand the shock of such sudden collisions as are seen time and time again in Purdue’s speedy games. Every “run-and-jump” shot brings with it the danger of crushed bodies and of broken bones. We don’t want to see Jewell Young or Johnnie Sines, who spend half the game in the laps of the under-the-basket spectators, walking around on crutches. Jhe team has good substitutes, but they’re hardly good enough to take the place of these stars. Furthermore, anyone who so generously gives his time and efforts for the good of the team deserves the utmost consideration in the way of safety first. The team buys the best athletic equipment; yet it is forced to take chances with a very dangerous condition. Injuries to players or spectators from this cause might easily cost the University more than the money derived from the sale of the seats. Moreover, failure to eliminate this danger is not playing fair to the team. The area directly behind the basket could be kept cleared of seats and the extra spectators could be seated in the balcony. The extra space behind the basket would give the “run-and-jump” shooters a chance to regain their footing and avoid contact with the spectators. Members of the physical education department might devise safety nets or canvas “catch-'ems” which would be even better than a clear floor space, but at any rate this under-the-basket menace should be eliminated before someone is seriously injured.—J. E. B.
If there are any objections to the above adjectives your editor will be glad to listen to or accept your version of any 10 EDS or CO-EDS described by 10 such adjectives—2 MARS PASSES will be awarded for the best effort turned in before 4 o’clock today at the Union desk— none have been turned in yet so get busy—they are simple to write— they don’t have to be exact, they may be inversely true if desired . ..
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
“WBAA” SAL SCHAAF is los ing her man, BILL EWOLT, slow ly but surely to “Adhesive” MARY HUFFINE — BILL gets those wandering habits now and then— it will take all of your four years of Purdue experience to yank him back in line, SAL . . .
It is supposedly news when a man bites a dog but never such when a dog bites a man—^thus it IS more than news when an Alpha Fuzzie puts her pin on a TKE while the self satisfied TKE keeps his pm and gloats over the incident— JUNE CONKLIN, song bird and pm plasterer, pushed her pin onto LEW SWINEHART in a romantic love affair—LEW kinda won on the
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“I gets only about 200 miles on a pair of moccasins.”
deal for he still has his pin—Live and learn . . .
RUTH WULFMAN, “WRH Special,” is keeping the postman busy hauling letters from our neighboring farm town, Bloomington — too bad her Purdue heroes have to know about this but they might just as well become acquainted with the ways of women before they get slapped in the puss . . .
KAY RYNEARSON is having a difficult time with “Pretty Boy” PETH of the younger Delt PETHS —KAY wants to take a Sig pin from the home town or something but DICK wouldn’t take back his Delt pin the other day when she said things were off—^such is luff ..
SEEN ON THE CAMPUS: Rapid progress on the new Field House—what was a field is now filled with little shacks and real doit . . . DOC MILLER’S new parking place m the new Administration Bldg, is the nuts, but the lines are just as long . . . HELEN HALL, last year’s big shot and graduate . BOB SKINNER following MARIANNE CUMMINGS constantly . . .
MAKS
TODAY - SATURDAY
— PllMI — TRAVEL TALK IN COLOR VAUDEVILLE REEL
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY
RANDOLPH SCOTT FRANCES DRAKE — also — John Wayne in “Winds of the Wasteland” — and — Clyde Beatty
“DARKEST AFRICA”
LUMA
TODAY - SATURDAY
THE MELODY-PACKED
WOhDERSHOW^ OF ALL TIMEI1 Stars! Girls! j Cole Porter hit ^ tunes! It has EVERYTHING!
STfWART VIRGINIA BRUCE
Everyone saying “Oh, you have a cold, too” . . . JEAN HANLEY trying to find out whether BOB PAPE or BOB REIFERS sent her a Xmas telegram signed BOB . . . MARGE BLALOCK showing off the big diamond engagement ring that McEACHRON gave her for Christmas . . . DOTTY KUEHN talking of something asthetic ? ? ? with AL BRANDT . . . JOE TAYLOR crabbing about Purdue women . . .
Receiving his Doctor of Philosophy degree from the University in 1936, Dr. Raymond Wenger for the past year has been chief chemist for the General Cigar Company, Lancaster, Pa.
ARE YOU GETTING AN
EXPONENT?
FAMILY
TODAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Gene Autry
‘RIDE, RANGER, RIDE” and Dick Purcell
“KING OF HOCKEY”
liifffiBiffll
Last Times Today 2 Big Features'
\ V®
Plus Second Feature
AGIRI.JII.ONS
In tha ahadow of IhO l0W..bi0BIM0 ■ho l(n«w too much about tho srookf aho mot in o night-hawk cafe
—Alao — Major Rowes' Amateur Parade* } I 1^' /uIj'- J\ I ^ V- ■* t ■* \ ^ i<i. < K v. ^ J’ '>■
f ^ ^
-7 fW *
ft's
le"'"!
*
/ i'P
Friday, January S, 1987
tHE PtJRDUE EXPONENT
PiiiiaTIpwi*.
Score 3 Knock-Outs In Golden Gloves
Trcka Wins Two Bouts In Tournament Finals
Purdue Winners, Runners-Up Will Fight In Lafayette Boxing Contest
^ By B. D. Witwer Over three hundred fans were treated to a rare exhibition of the pugilistic art last night in the Memorial Gymnasium as they watched eight sets of Golden Glove aspirants sock each other around the ring in a fracas that was marked by three technical knock-outs.
Living up to Coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s prophecy that the fighters would really hoist the black fiag and go into action, many of the men showed a polish and fire in their boxing form that is not often seen in amateur fighters. In the first set-to Trcka gave one of the best scraps of the evening by beating Forburger in the welterweight division. In the first round Forburger knocked Trcka to the floor with a left to the head but Trcka came back in the second and, turning the tables in accompaniment to the yells of his second to “Let him have it,” smashed Forburger down twice in quick succession, being given a technical knock-out as his adversary was groggy and had a bad cut above the left eye, “Joe” Louis Giles was awarded the decision over “One Punch” Bryan in the second fight after three rounds of mixing it up, and Markey decisioned Franklin in the third. Clinches In the fourth brawl Hardesty won over Mulholland in a well fought battle that was marked by quite a large number of clinches, the crowd being moved to vent such exclamations as “Quit hugging so much and fight” and, “May I have the next dance?” The third round was fast, however, and Hardesty really showed his goods. He, by the way.
is the boxing champ of Indianapolis. Next, Case crawled into the ring to reap a decision over Krashen after three rounds. Both men fought with all they had and both of them seemed to be all in by the time the last gong sounded. Technical Knockout In the 160 lb. class, Bacharach got a technical over Seifert after waiting for openings the first two rounds and then making the kill in the third, getting Seifert on the go by a flurry of jabs and making him groggy. Following with another technical, Ramputi in the heavy-weight class knocked Surface down twice near the end of the second round and then throwing a right to the head at the start of the third made Surface kiss th6 surface for the third and last time, the referee stopping the battle at that point. Trcka fought a second time in the last match and outpointed Giovanni to win the decision. Although Giovanni swung some apparently powerful round-houses, they didn’t seem to phase Trcka, and he sailed through unscathed. In the 118 lb. division, Steeleman drew a bye and the light-heavy-weight battle between Lyles and Bachmann was not fought. The winners of last night’s battles will be entered in the Lafayette Golden Glove tournament which begins on January 19.
Actions of Pedestrians Resulting in Deaths From Automobile Mishaps
Crossing In middle of block artd against signals—34%
Children playing In street—11%
Walking along road—17%
Many pedestrians seem to regard their lives of less Importance than the few seconds’ time that may he saved by crossing streets without regard to hazardous conditions, although it Is true there are many drivers who take advantage of pedestrians. In 1934 nearly half of all the pereons killed in automobile accidents were pedestrians, it is shown by the annual figures compiled by the Travelers Insurance Company. The total number of pedestrians killed was 15,950, while nearly 270,000 pedestrians were Injured. Five out of every eight pedestrians killed, it Is shown, were involved in accidents while crossing atreets in the middle of the block, crossing intersections against signals or diagonally, darting out into atreets from behind parked cars, or yrhile walking along rural highways. It has been pointed out that pedestrians run across streets in the middle of the block or against signals because many feel that little if any snore protection Is given them at properly designated crosswalks or •When they wait for signals. Many pedestrians know that it la dangerous to walk along rural highways, but since paths or walks have not
Coming from behind car—9%
Miscellaneous—29%
been provided, the question often is raised, “what else can pedestrians do along rural highways?” Of course it is good advice to walk facing traffic. Pedestrians may well pause to consider the fact that in 1934 the rate of death per pedestrian accident was 45 per cent worse crossing in the middle of the block than at Intersections, and was 74 per cent worse crossing against signals than with signals. At the same time, however, the driver is warned to “be tolerant with the pedestrian, since the latter’s faults are not crimes punishable by death,”
Tournament To
Decide Members Of Billiard Team
With only three men now eligible as members of the intercollegiate billiard team, entries are being received in the billiard room for three tournaments which will be run as preliminary training for the billiard team.
Two more players will have to be developed by the time of the annual match with Wisconsin. Those men who are eligible now are James Farrington, H. O. Steed, and E. Ambrosen.
Farrington Wins Farrington proved his prowess with the cue last Thursday night by winning the Class B billiard tournament by taking eight consecutive games with no losses. The other positions were taken by A. G. Lockwood, second; P. H. Weisman, third; and C. tlerda fourth.
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By Bob Walpole.
Been glancing over the scoring columns for the Big Ten teams for their first games . . . Jewell Young is way out in front with his near conference record of 27 tallies in the Wisconsin game . . . the next two in line are Northwestern’s McMichael and Trenkle, each with 16 points . . . these high scoring forwards have made a total of 32 of Northwestern’s points, just equal to Purdue’s forward combination of Young and Sines ... —^fc— Two of Indiana’s most promising sophomores hail from Jeffersonville the team that went to the state finals a couple of years ago . . . they are Andres and Johnson . . . Purdue’s C. Rauth, one of Dutch Fehting first string yearlings, was an All-State forward on this team, along with the two Crimson men ... —^fc— Gene Anderson’s continued fine play may place him on the Boilermaker quintet as a regular starter . . . there is no doubt that he will see plenty of action against Michigan Saturday night, since Piggy Lambert will need all available men with height... the Wolverines posr sess one of the tallest combinations in the Big Ten circuit this season .. —^fc— Ever since the Sportsman’s Creed has been in effect the attitude of Boilermaker audiences has been unusually good ... it isn’t often that a boo goes out, and then only a short one ... we have seen several games at other Big Ten schools in which a similar Sportsman’s Creed might be used to a good advantage . . . let’s hope Purdue’s attitude remains in the present state of mind . . , —^fc— Nice weather for ducks...
M.S.C. Adopts Plan For Technical Study
Amherst, Mass.—(ACP) — Students of Massachusetts State College, a liberal arts school, may now enter on professional study at the end of their junior year as the result of a new cooperative agreement. Dean William L. Machmer announces the transfer arrangements have been made with the Cornell, Tufts, and Dartmouth medical schools, the Yale forestry school, the Syracuse law school, and the Dartmouth department of civil engineering, so that any M. S. C. students with a good scholarship record may, if he desires, enter one of them after his junior year.
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 —SOSO
‘‘DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
PATANELLI MICHIGAN—GUARD
“Pat” Patanelli, who will be another thorn in the side of Purdue’s attack tomorrow night as a member of the Michigan quintet. He was the captain of the 1936 football team and his style is the rough slashing play of the gridiron rather than the smooth motion of the basketball court. Being an all-around athlete, Pat is now earning his seventh varsity letter Followers of Indiana basketball can remember Pat from his high school days when he starred for Elkhart for three years.
Seven Fraternity Basketball Teams
StUl Undefeated
With most of the fraternities’ basketball schedules past the halfway mark, seven teams are still undefeated. Those which have to date won four games and lost none are Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Pi, Phi Sigma Kappa, and Triangle. Those with three wins to their credit are Phi Kappa Psi, and Acacia. Three Games Tonight Tonight three of these teams will either lengthen their record of victories or join the ranks of the defeated. Three of the other winners were scheduled to play but the contests scheduled to be played on the No. 1 Court were postponed because of the fencing match being held in the Memorial Gymnasium.
BASKETBALL
TODAY
Court 2—'OflScial, Mann 7:00—Pirathon vs. Triangle. 7:15—Pi Kappa Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 8:26—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Phi Pi Phi. 8:40—Jhi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Delta Theta.
Court 3—Official, McDonald 7:00—^Acacia vs. Theta Chi. 7:15—^Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 8:26—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 8:40—Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Fencing Team Opens Season ToniteAtGym
University Duelists To Meet Cincinnati In First Of Nine Meets
After receiving a 9-8 defeat at the hands of the University of Cincinnati’s fencing team last year, Purdue’s wizards of the blades will seek to even the score tonight when they meet the duelists from the city of the seven hills in a meet at the Memorial Gymnasium at 7 p. m. Opens Season This meet will open the University’s fencing season and will be the first of a run of nine matches. With fencing coach Prof. R. V. Finney acting as referee, a team that is half made up of sophomores will face the well-balanced Cincinnati combination. Those men who will be participating in their first interuniversity competition will be paced by Captain Latter, the only senior on the squad, and three junior veterans. The team will be made up as follows: Foil—Latter, McWilliams, Reynolds (alternate Huffman). The Epee—^Meir, Levin. Sabre—Antusko, Zweig, Stepath.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT CL RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phtme 5701
BUTTER
Is One Of Our Most* Wholesome Foods and One That We Must Have for Health's Sake
Use Butter Lavishly in Your Cooking and Taste the Difference
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
SWEATERS $3.95 Values, now $2.95 $2.95 Values, now $2.25
SOUTHWORTH'S
BREAD
That’s Better and a BIG VARIETY
We ask you jost this —Pnt it to the test of TASTE! tliat wonderful flavor, that deLghtful freshness and fine texture are the result of quality ingredients mixed just so—baked jnst so-^ar better, yon’U say, than any you ever tasted!
Graves Quality Bakery
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Oo X O ^
Thurs all it costs for a New Royal Portable. With Royal's sensational Touch Control and many other exclusive features. Now typlnfl is~~eosier than writing by handl Standard keyboard and oction. Finest portable sold. Drop in—try H.
mm «w
Decker’s
518-20 Main St.
“Authorized Royal Sales and Sorvlcb”
Phone un-V^S’tV' /'■ ' '
\ *< ?
ift^yopr
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
lounge or bowling alley Wednesday morning. Owner’s name engraved on rule. Call George Smith 31352.
Good Printing—^Painless .prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
This Week’s Special—Maple Nut and New York. Chamberlin Ice Cream Co. Phone 3024.
Lost—K & E Slide Rule in Union
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
QUICK PICK-UP FOR IRED EYES
Want to give yoor eyes o lift? Use Murine. Soothing, refreshing to hot, tired, reddened eyes. Great for eyes irritated by reading, dust, wind, smoke, or light glare. Use it daily. vSEVES
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Friday, Jan. 15th, 6:30 P.M. INTERMEDIATE Wed., Jan. 13th, 9:00 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Jan. 14th, 6:30 P.M. PHONE 2150 6th and Ferry
ALLEN’S
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
Lost—Leather notebook belonging to J. W. Ashton. $2 reward. Phone 65101.
For Rent—Single room, warm, pleasant. 435 N. Main street, $12.
Room—Ideal location for Agricultm'al student, reasonable rate. See it. 240 S. Grant,
Wanted—Room for two students with cooking privilege, bedding and cooking utensils unnecessary. Call 76853 after 6 p. m.
NOTICES No noticos accepted after 8 p. m.
University Orchestra—Uehearsal changed to next Tuesday, January 12. —PHILLIPS.
Deck Tennis—These games can be played any time this week but must be played before Friday, January 8, at 6 p. m. Wetzel and Bush vs. McKinsey and Stiles; Beko and Beko vs. Greenburg and Cook; Campbell and Van Hie vs. Baxter and Campbell ; Wiley and Dobson vs. Delaplane and Scott; Vandwier and Blank vs. Auld and Clymer; Fruek and Tugaudis vs. Hibner and Wilson. —BIETH.
Chemistry Students—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9,_ 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make applications in room 210 of Chemistry Building, before January 8.
W. A. A. Ping Pong—^The following games must be played by Friday evening, January 8. Please report scores on chart on bulletin board in Women’s Gym: B. Cook-Sefton; Hosack-Clymer; M. Smith-Berry; Wilking-Wickard ; SlinkardRies ; Gross-Hinchman ; G. Baker-Kusmitz ; Boehm-MacDougall; N. Campbell-Demoret; Van Rie-Bouton; J. Campbell-C. Davis; Davis-Timberlake; Jenkins-Halstead; Dele-plane-Wiley; Spicher-Raebig. —MAIER.
Cosmopolitan Club—Open fo^m at 7:15 January 8 in rooms 1 and 2 in Memorial Union Building. All active members and faculty members are invited to hear discussion on United States and other countries. —FUTOOHEE.
Chemistry 30, 108—Condition examinations will be given in room 101, Education Building at 1 p. m., January 16. Applications must be made by January 16. —NELSON.
Roger Williams Club—Progressive domino party at the West Lafayette Baptist Church January 8 at 8 o’clock. Fun and refreshments. —SCHATZLEY.
P. I. A.—Advanced dance class January 8 at 7 p. m. in the ballroom. —BUTCHER.
Reamer Club—Important meeting January 11 at 8 p. m. in room 1 of the Union. Wirth please bring cigars. —BUX'^N. W. A. A. Shuffleboard—Following games will be played January 8: Game 1 court 3 at 4 p. m., Merritt and McIntosh vs. Delaplane and MacDougall; game 2 court 4 at 4 p. m., Yerkes and Ward vs. Beilke and Maxwell ; game 3 at 4:20 p. m., winner of game 2 vs. Blank and Newman: game 4 at 4:40 p. m., winner of game 1 vs. winner of game 3. —MAIER.
Union Workers—Our committees meet in sub-basement of Union at 4 p. m. January 8. —PFORZHEIMER. CLAYPOLE, STALLINGS, SCATTERDAY.
Purdue Engineer—All freshmen and sophomore staff members report to office January 8, at 4 p. m. Important work. —GILBERT.
Mortar Board—Meeting January 8, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s lounge of the Union. —ADKINS..
Based on cost and meat losses, lamb is the most expensive meat to serve. Following lamb in this classification are ham, pork loin, prime ribs of beef, and veal.
Club Notes
The Agapi Club will meet with Mrs. Carolyn Brown Monday, January 11, at 2:00 p. m. Mrs. Bernice Sexton will read a paper bn conservation.
The Arachne Club will meet tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. at the home of Mrs. Manhart, 116 North Main street. .
The Edgewood Club will meet at Duncan Hall Monday, January 11, at 2:30 p. m. The program will consist of Stephen Foster music by members of the club and a review of the musician’s life by Mrs. J. W. Link.
Purdue Women’s Club will meet this afternoon at 2:30 in the Home Economics Building. Mrs. Helen A. Read, noted art critic, will give an illustrated lecture on “German Art, Past And Present.”
Mrs. J. H. McKee will be hostess to the West Lafayette Reading Club at her home, 229 Fowler Ave., Wednesday, January 13 at 2:30. Mrs. C. S. Cutshall will review “The Hundred Years,” by Furnas.
The While-A-While Club will meet January 12 at 2:30 at the home of Mrs. L, A. Wood.
Household
Notes
^ K* K*
Now that the new year has begun, are you wondering how you are going to pay back for all those holiday parties you attended? An easy and inexpensive way to entertain is with a sandwich party. All that is needed is a toaster and several kinds of relishes and fillings. Your guests will like the informality of serving themselves.
In the last ten years the quality of meat has been greatly increased. This is due, at least partially to the thirty food tasters who work in connection with the Department of Agriculture at Washington, D. C.
There seems to be an opinion that it is physically correct to eat as many salads as you can consume. This is an incorrect belief because of the rubbish foods contained in salads. The saying, “You can overdo a good thing,” applies very well in this case.
Friday, January 8,1937
Editors Quizzed On ‘Canada And Next War’
(Continued from page 1)
of a European war, British support would be essential.” The Ubyssey, student daily of the University of British Columbia says: “If any part of Canada is attacked by a foreign power, the United States could not allow a beligerent nation to assume control of the Dominion.” 6. If you are in favor of following a League of Nations policy or British foreign policy, do you think we have adequate voice in determining our responsibilities and an adequate force to back up our obligations? “We are not in favor of following a League of Nations policy or a British foreign policy unreserved-
FRIEDMAN'S FINE FOODS 8th and Main—Lafayette Fraternity and Sorority Business Solicited Phones 302! and 3022—We Deliver Open Every Day and Sunday Until 10 at Night
SHI RTS All Fancy Patterns, $2.00 values, now $1.55 SOUTHWORTH'S
ly,” answers The Ubyssey. “The former does not seem to carry much weight with the majority of nations and we do not have enough voice in determining the latter.” The Argosy remarks, “We are in favor of a League foreign policy, but not the present one because: it depends upon force, which is unfortunate; and that force does not exist.” 7. Do you think we are protected by the Monroe Doctrine (a) if attacked (b) if we are party to a British war? “In the light of recent statements by President Roosevelt and the United States State Department, Canada has come under the jurisdiction of the Monroe Doctrine,” states The Gateway. “In case of invasion of Canada by a foreign power, the United States would undoubtedly see fit to give a sufficient amount of protection to Canada in order to protect her own interests. This fact would be contingent upon the aggressor nation, however. It would be especially true if the aggressor nation were an Eastern power.” Linked With Americas The majority of editors favor Canadian membership in the PanAmerican Union, for as the editor of the McGill Daily expresses it, “we
feel that Canada should not be bound by any agreement with ainy foreign power, or any Empire country unconditionally to support such country in war. We believe that any general Canadian scheme of defense should fit in with any American plans as well as British plans upon which we agree, for are we not a part of America? Do we not stand
or fall with America? We believe that Canada’s future is wrapped Up witk the fate of the-America’s and we should therefore subscribe to a general Pan-American peace policy and defense scheme.” Can’t Keep Out Of War? The editor of The Varsity, University of Toronto student paper, closes with this remark; “Canada
cannot keep out of the next waV unless Canadians grow up emotionally when the parade goes past, with flags fluttering and swords clanking. We must learn to think, not of the glorious trappings of war that our history books describe to us, but of the charnel house that was Prance for four years, and the crosses that are left.”
The dish of the month is cranberry pot roast. Roll and bone a three to four pound chuck roast, then dredge with flour and brown in hot fat. Cover meat with two cups of unsweetened cranberry sauce and one cup of hot water. Cover closely and cook until tender.
When the journey Is Ended . . . BAVE THEM STAY in the 11 ■ Hl
Have them stay in the Union Club amidst the college atmosphere. Modern rooms and furnishings, good service, convenience, and a smart address are to be had here at a reasonable price. Your out of town guests will be more than pleased.
Purdne Memorial llnion Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
'' i M
t&\
-l''|
.■’'yilii
Make a Note of This Jot this down as the most important item on your new 1937 calendar—^ADVERTISE in The Purdue Exponent—advertise regularly and use the free merchandising service offered by us through the facilities of Chicage^ Tribune Service. It’s the sure way to start the year with profits and keep the University trade booming for the Exponent is by far the best medium through which to contact the student body and faculty.
The EXPONENT