" jr m'' > , ^^ y .'ff-r-i^ I ! ^* '- I !u*>''''sJ '^, •' ' T''“^y'‘’ if'‘
m
oiSv i
Purdue
2-1 tS
Volume 5L No. 105
Exponent
Friday. Febraory 9, 1940
Activities To Issue Calls
Toiight’s The Night-
At Mass Meeting Today Jack Little To Play For Fraternity Ball
Calls for all campus activities will be given this afternoon at the freshman mass meeting in Eliza Fowler Hall. This meeting will be the last in the series of gatherings sponsored by the Activities Bureau for the edification of the freshman class.
Professor J. E. Walters of the Personnel Service will tell those attending the value of activities in later life. Althea Jorgenson of the Activities Bureau will give the side concerning worth of activities during the college career. Motion pictures of “Purdue in Action” will also be shown to give a picture of the operation of the various extra-
curricular eiforts.
Here’s How
Mimeographed sheets will be handed out during the meeting in order that the freshmen may record their choice of activities. All callouts will be listed on these sheets. All freshmen, not only those interested m signing up for an activity, are uyged by the bureau to attend the meeting since it is designed to further acquaint them with outside work students are do-
ing.
Gibbs School Offers Two Scholarships For Senior Co-eds Two national competitive scholarships are being offered by the Katherine Gibbs School to seniors in the special course for women. Each scholarship includes tuition for one year valued at 400 dollars, in any one of the schools, located in New York, Boston, and Providence, and 300 dollars in cash which may be applied to cost of residence. The scholarships are granted to senior girls whose academic record, personal qualifications, and fitness to profit from secretarial training recommend them most highly to the scholarship committee. Applications Application blanks may be secured fiom the office of the placement Service for Women and must be filed with the Memorial Scholarship Committee not later than April 1, 1940. Further information may be obtained from the Memorial Scholarship Committee, Katherine Gibbs School, 230 Park Avenue, New York City. Prom Committee Wants Your Band Nominations Soon
Easy To Be Big Shot Just Work On Expo Confucius say — He who would become big shot has best chance on Ye Expo. And
he was right.
In case you haven’t heard, the Exponent comes out daily except Monday. The work on the paper is done in the afternoon and early evening of the day preceding the issue
date.
When one joins the Exponent he works two years as a worker and then is eligible for a junior job. Juniors on the editorial staff are known as associate editors. There are six chosen for these important posts. From these, three are chosen for positions on the senior staff. At this point you have graduated from a minor shot to a big shot of the
first water. Co-ed, Too
Co-eds, too, are eligible for work on the paper. They work only from the time they get out of classes in the afternoon until dinner time. In their junior year, co-eds are eligible ''for junior co-ed editorships of which there are three. From these three, one girl is chosen for Co-ed Editor. This makes her whatever is the feminine of big shot. All ye who are interested come to the gigantic meeting tomorrow afternoon at 1:00 and find out the particulars. All are invited. Come early and stay late. Campus Discussion Tournament Goes Into Second Round Second round of the all campus discussion tournament on “Propaganda” began last night at 7:30 with group meetings in several fraternity houses. Eliminations based on the first round, which was survived by 61 out of a total of 180 starting contestants, give Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Alpha Mu, and Phi Kappa the top rankings for fraternities, each having four men still in the contest. Pi Beta Phi, Kappa Alpha Theta, and Kappa Kappa Gamm^ head the sorority list. * The first round of discussion produced an agreement on the fact that there are both good and bad types of propaganda. Solutions such as I governmental control of reading matter and radio programs and public education by supei’vised counterpropaganda, were also evolved.
Concrefer's Course Enters Last Session
Do you like Crunchies? Do you prefer blondes ? What is your stand on the European situation? Are you in favor of a third term ? And, by the way, who would you like to see play for prom. The prom committee is desirous of finding out your opinion on this vital matter. If you are a junior or senior, it is your privilege if not your bonden duty to make known your sentiments on the prom maestro to the committee, officials in charge of the poll stated.
Here’s How
To vote, fill out the form printed
below with your first three Two-day short course for owners, choices in bands. Slip these slips operators, and managers of ready in the Exponent box at the Union mixed concrete plants from all parts West Desk. Your votes will be tab- of Indiana, under the auspices of ulated on a relative scale and the the Civil Engineering School, went favorites determined. The com- into its second and last day this mittee will make every effort to morning. The program will be deobtain one of these bands but, do voted largely to the ^bommercial not guarantee that they can. Only gjtie of the operation of ready mixed votes on the below form will Tie ac- concrete plants, with such quescepted and all ballots must be in tions as marketing advertising, proby 6 p. m. tomorrow. motion, and delivery scheduled for All votes must be signed by the discussion, person submitting them in order to ^.t the mprning session, yesterbe counted. Oh yes—just tear out day, R. S. Phillips of the education the ballot and turn it in—don’t put department of the Portland Cement the whole paper in the box. Company discussed the economy of
close control of the cement, sand,
n . H I, . and stone going into concrete. In uana uauor afternoon, W. L. Heston of InFirst Choice dianapolis and R. E. Mills of the
Civil Engineering School talked on
Second Choice the use of crushed stone and the Third Choice characteristics of finished concrete. I The day was closed with an infomSigned al dinner in the Union.
Co-ed Feels Beard - - - Photo Wins Prize Winner in the monthly Debris snapshot contest for the past month is Pierce Tyrell, of Cary Hall Annex, the product of whose work is shown below. The bearded face belongs to Mel Holleb, runner-up in both the Cary Hall beard contest, sponsored by the Clarion, and the Sigma Delta Chi contest at the Riveters Rassal.
The unbearded member of the chummy duet, is Jane Ostrander, who is judging the beard. Occasion for the picture was the Cary Hall contest in which she was one of the judges. One more picture contest will be held, forming the last chance for students to get their snapshots in this year’s Debris. Prospective contestants should turn in their prints with names and explanation at the Debris office as soon as possible.
Two Marriage Courses Offered
Wesley FoundaHon Offers InsfrucHon
Wesley Foundation class, “Preparation for Home and Marriage” will meet in the foundation home this evening at 7 p. m.. A meeting is scheduled every Friday evening from 7 until 8:30 and is open to all students. Mrs. William McFadden will teach the course which will continue until the spring vacation. Sorority Rush Ends Midnight Tomorrow Second semester sorority rush swings into its final period today and tomorrow. All activities will cease officially at midnight tomorrow. Rush parties including sleepers, dinners, luncheons, and coke dates have added entertainment for the prospective pledges during the
week.
Several women have been pledged to the various sororities within the past twenty-four hours. Marilyn Walters, Elkhart, Pat Crown, Gary, Martha Lommell, West Lafayette, Pi Phi; Shirley Canning, Anderson, Chi Omega; Barbara Johnson, In-' dianapolis, Mary Alice Troxell, Marion, Ruth McKay, Hammond, Evelyn Shell, Chalmers, Alpha Xi Delta; Lois Thompson, South Bend, Kappa Kappa Gamma; Rita Hill, Park Ridge, Illinois, Virginia Warden, Port Wayne, Delta Gamma Colony; Anne Anderson, Arlington, West Virginia, Alpha Chi Omega. Dr. Z,M-Smith | . . . addressed 80 members of the Agricultural Education Society in the Union Building Wednesday eve-
ning.
Dr. Smith, who is s&ite supervisor of agricultural education, discussed the appropriation of funds for the administration of Vocational Education, the qualities of a good teacher, cooperative relations with other teachers, and other problems with which the young teacher is confronted. Physical Education ... Health, and Recreation Association of Indiana will hold its annual meetipg at Washington High School, Washington, Indiana, on Saturday, April '6th. Prof. Homer Allen, of the physical education department is the program chairman.
Roger Williams Club Sponsors Lectures
Roger Williams Club will begin a series of lectures on youth afid marriage problems Sunday evening in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. These lectures will be for both regular student and shortcourse enrollees. The lectures will be given every Sunday evening at
6:30.
“The Wedding Ceiemony” will be the subject of the lecture on February 11, while “Marriage Laws of Indiana” will be discussed the following week. Doc Thrasher To Play Ai Mixer, Variety Show Preceding the regular mixer tomorrow night, which will start at 9 p. m.. Doc Thrasher and his orchestra will furnish music on the variety show which is scheduled to start at 7 o’clock. Special features offered on the variety show will be in the form of campus talent and a short comedy skit. Price for mixer will be the usual one dollar and tickets may be purchased at the door. Eds, Co-eds May Resume Recreation Dates In Gp Mix^d recreation at the Memorial Gymnasium is to be resumed tonight and every Friday night hereafter at 7:30 p. m. Badminton, volleyball, ping pong, shuffleboard, swimming, and other games are offered to both eds and co-eds. Except for a ten cent swimming fee for the men, there is no charge. The games in the gymnasium last from 7:30-9:30, while the pool is opep from 8 to 9 p. m. Purdue Sportswomen are in charge of the activities. Those wishing to participate in the sports are <* requested to bring tennis shoes.
Plans
... have been made, according to Cyrus L. Dyer of the department of education of the Indiana Farm Bureau, to hold the thirteenth annual Leadership Training Scfiiool for rural youth here from Jtme 17 to 21. Eighty-three rural youth clubs are expected to attend.
Little Man In Green Hat Crawls Between Bars To Scoop Latest Dope
By the man in the “Green Hat”
Enticed by the lilting strains of “My Man,” coming through the dark hallway from behind the closed and barred doors of the Union ballroom yesterday, we poked our nose into a preview of the Interfratemity Ball, and sat in on a practice session of Little Jack Little and his orchestra.
Dodging dCCOratOTS Ul the Ulidst of preparations for something or other, and mumbling the magic word “press” at the frowning glance of a little man who motioned us back in the direction from whence we had come, we finally managed
to reach the bandstand.
That Bolero Style
In shirt sleeves and suspenders. Jack was putting his band through their paces in his distinctive bolero rhythm. Snagging him as was our wont, we discovered a number of things, including the fact that he IS suffering from a cold that has settled in one ear and the sinus passages of his face. We learned that Bobby Reed, we thought he looked familiar, who plays with Harry McCrady’s orchestra, is filling in at alto sax for the evening. Reed is the boy who spent the latter part of last year wrapped up in a plaster cast from
head to waistline. Never Mind Jack
At this point we decide|d not to ask Little Jack if he ever hankered after being an engineer, although he did express a desire to come to school here, as our roving eyes espied his lovely singer, Kathleen Quinn. Kathleen is blond, she will be twenty next Friday, and what’s more when she sings it does things to you. Neither does she have any desire to be a Home Ec stu-
dent.
It was from our new blond friend that we learned the most. We asked her if she ^ didn’t feel like people were staring at her on the band'stand. She said yes, but that you kind of got used to it. “The way the girls look at you is what bothers you most,” she said. She also spilled the beans on a little character book which the band keeps. We were interrupted at this point by a man, vaguely reminiscent of Grouch Marx, with a big black cigar in his mouth, playing the bass fiddle. He kept winking at us, or could it have been Kathleen? Autograph Fiends We think maybe the characters are in the band, and Kathleen agrees. At any rate, when a member of the band sees an honest to goodness genuine character in the crowd, he is immediately collared and his autograph requested. The book is full of their autographs. If they grab you tonight you’ll know what to expect. Just on the side, between you and us, and in conclusion, we would like to stick our neck out and give our biased and somewhat inexpert opinion, that we think and you’ll agrree that Little Jack Little is plenty smooth. At least you’ll like Kathleen. She’s nice. Here’s the Facts Dancijkig will continue from 8:30 until 12 p. m. in the old Union ballroom. Programs may be obtained at the checkroom in the Unimi until 5:30 p. m. and at the door at the dance. Littl^ Jack Little will preview his evening’s performance over
Exponent Business Staff Calls For Fresh Workers All freshmen interested in working on the business staff of the Exponent are urged to attend a meeting on Saturday, February 11, in the editorial staff offices of the Uniion building at 2 p. m. The business staff affords excellent experience in sales, accounting, advertising make-up, and general circulation work. Incidentally, it is excellent training in business for engineers. Previous experience or work on a newspaper is not necessary and everyone is given an equal chance. Classical Records Will Be Released To Lafayette Soon Dr. F. D. Marlin Previews Records In Music Room Last Wednesday evening in the Music Room of the Union Building, Dr. Martin of the Chemistry department, gave a preview of the new low-priced S3niiphony records to be distributed in Lafayette through the National Committee for Music Appreciation, of which Dr.
Elliott is a member.
Sixty of the 100 listeners indicated their intention of purchasing one or more of the sets as soon as the records are available for local distribution. During the evening several 'tests were made to demonstrate the high quality of the new recordings. These comparisons served to bring out the high quality
of these records. Local Campaign
At a second meeting on Thursday afternoon, called by A. P. Stewart, director of music at Purdue, representatives of a number of musical organizatiras planned a local campaign for tne widespread distribution of these records. It is expected that the records will be made available locally starting the latter part of February, at which time the method for making reservations will be announced in the Exponent and local papers. When interviewed last night, Mr. Stewart stated that his office was not accepting reservations at this time; but that all would-be local purchasers could get these records from a local source some time in the
near future.
The whole plan is part of the program of the National Committee of Musical Appreciation to promote interest in better music by making the “music of the masters” available at a price within the reach of
all.
February Issue of "Purdue Engineer" Shows Campus February issue of the Purdue Engineer, which comes out today, features the newer buildings on the campus. A series qf six stories explains constructidnal features of the men’s residence hall, south; the music hall; the xfiiemical and metallurgical engineering building; the new additions to the Union building; the women’s residence hall, west; and the fieldhouse and men’s gym, A story on modem methods of lighting is also featured. Copies are on skle at the west desk of the Union for 16 cents.
WBAA at 4:15 p. m. today. WBAA Will Relay Game To Ballroom According to plans disclosed last night, WBAA will broadcast the Pmrdue-Indiana Basketball game directly from the station to the south ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. The broadcast wfU be sponsored by the Gimlet dub and was arranged through the courtesy of Mr. L, M. Vallely, general manager of the Union Building. Townspeople as well as students are cordially invited to attend with the broadcast scheduled to stsort at 7:30.1'“^ ^ >4.-w w - ^ -j
I T
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, February 9. 1940
m Mh f-
■1 l
li
Matmen Only Home orin and bear it
Sports Attraction
By Lichly
Although nearly every Boilermaker sports team will see action this week-end the wrestling team is the only one which will appear on the home floor. The matmen will face the veteran Ohio State squad in the Fieldhouse Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock. In the last meet at home the wrestlers drew so large a crowd that the athletic department moved the scene of this week’s encounter to the Fieldhouse floor. There will be no admission charge.
I-M Schedules
BASKETBALL Friday, Febrnary 9 Court 1: J. L. Welsch 7 :00—Boilermakers vs Rams 7:16—Aggies vs Panthers 8:00—Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 8 8:16—Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 16 Court 2: J. Kurtz 7 :00^—Buckeyes vs Rattlers 7:16—Yanks vs Bulldogs 8:00—Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 4 8 :16—Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 10 Court 3: C. H. Rechenbach 7 :00—^Hoosiei^ vs Wildcats 7:16^Tigers vs Eagles 8:00—Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 6 8:16—Cary Hall 14 ys Cary Hall 6 Court 4: M. Aronson FINAL IN CLASS “A” 7 :00—Ward 10 vs Ward II 7:16—Ward 25 ys Ward 41 8:00—Ward 24 vs Ward 6 8:16—^Ward 39 vs Ward 42
Ads
FOK SALB
FOR RENT—One single room, one double. Modem. Reasonable. 422 N. Salisbury.
ROOMMATE WANTED: Quiet room, downstairs. Stoker heat, close to Union. Rent reasonable; may work for part of rent. Phone 2759.
KAPPA KEY LOST Wednesday, January 31. If found please call Alice Reed, 4079. Reward.
PLEASANT ROOM, FACULTY HOME, Hills and Dale’s. Single, or share double. Seniors, graduates, instructors. Dial 2174. WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 76634.
Notices
No. notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Glee CjM: Turn in passports to the music
imliKdiately.
office (2-9)
—COCHRUN.
A.S.M.E.: All members who have not received their cards and emblems may call for them Thursday, Saturday or Tdesday in Prof. Copes office (ME 112) between the hours of 10 and 11.
WAA Basketball: Practice at 4 o’clock Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, February 7, 8, 9, in the Women’s Gym., All girls interested in intramural competition are eligible. Two practices are necessary for WAA points. —BRITTON.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: Permanent schedule for the second semester is as follows: Monday—Kaplan, Beard, Stallings, Weiss Tuesday—Seiss, Funkhouser, Buckman Wednesday—Rose, Justin, McClintoek Friday—Miller, Campbell Thursday—-Irwin, Bailey, Couter Saturday—Stiers, Baker, Barson The schedule for column assignments is posted in the Exponent office. (2-9) -SCHILLING.
Student Senate Juniors: Important meeting with the senior board Friday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the office. All committee reports and sohomore worker recommendations must be in by Friday. —-ZWIERLEIN.
WHY BE A MERE DANCER? Clothes Change—So Have Steps in Dancing, Mr. Allen Specializes in All Types of Dancing NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS THURS. FEB. 29th
PHONE 2150 AXJLEN^S 6th aad Fecxy
PHONES 6915—6914
60NE wninu WIND
BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 9:00 A. M. to 9:00 P. M.
Night Shows—Reserved 1.10 Inch Tax Sunday Mat.—-Reserved I-IO Inel. Tax Weekday Mat.—Not Res. 75e Incl. Tax
STARTS SAT.r FEB. 17
LAFAYETTE
Wattle thinks I’m very intelligent—I TOLD you I’d look a fright in this blue dress, Mother!
Registration Workers: Students who worked fori the registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time properly, may get their • checks by calling at the registrar’s office. 2-10 STONE.
WAA: All girls interested in the ping pong or shuffileboard tournament please sign in the women’s gym immediately. (2-11) —HOLDEN.
FOR SALE-^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. FOB RENT
Cosmopolitan Club: Business meeting at 4:30 p. m. Friday, February 9, in reception room of the Union. Attendance imperative. —SHICKEL. Varsity Batterymen: All varsity battery candidates will report in the Fieldhouse, February 12, at 4 p. m. —FEHRING.
All organizations: Any organi?;ation desiring a meeting room in the Union this semester please send me before Saturday noon, February 10, preference as to room, date, time, approximate number of people attending,'and the number of times a month the organization will meet. . —COOPER.
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 36271.
WAA Class Volleyball; Practices Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, February 7, 8, 9, at 4 p. m. —MERMEL0.TEIN.
PI A Members: The constitution will be amended Monday, February 12. All members Interested in voting come to the PIA office at 7 :30 p. m. —HINSHAW.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
Presbyterian Students: Cameron P. Hall, Director of Department of Social Action, of the Presbyterian Church of the United States will meet with students at the Westminster House, Friday, February' 9, at 7 p. m. Everyone is invited. —THOMAS.
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, February 10, at 7:30 p. m. in Room 263 of the Union. —PHILLIPS.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, February 10 by schools as follows: Students whose name begin with — A-E incl. Room 201 Civil Engineering Building. F-Le incl. Room- 101 Michael Golden Shops. Li-R incl. Room 254 Electrical Building. S-Z incl. Room 129 Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Wesley Foundation: Freshman commission meeting Saturday, February 10, at 7 :30 p. m. Meeting will last only one-half hour. Important. —DOUGLAS.
Junior Military: All Juniors report to supply room at once to be measured for leggings for summer camp. —HATTAN.
Freshmen military students who wish to enter the boxing tournament and have not done so must weigh in at the armory by 4:30 Friday, February 9. —LARR.
PIA Dance Class: Those desiring to register for the ballroom dancing course, starting next week, February 13, may do so in the PIA office on Friday, February 9, from 3 until 5 p. m. or on Monday from 4 until 5 :30 p. m. The cost of 10 lessons will be $2.50, payable at registration. — —LUTZ.
All men, winners or losers, who fought in the 125 pound. class must report to the armory Friday, February 9, at 4 p. m. —LARR.
Scabbard and Blade Committee: Meet on the second floor of the Armory at 4 p. m. on Friday, February 9. —TERIEN.
All men still eligible for elimination or semi-finals report to the armory Friday, February 8, at 4 p. m. —LARR. ,
WAA Fencing: There will be a meeting Friday, February 9 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —STICKLER.
Cheerleaders: Meet in tumbling room of fieldhouse at 1:30 p. m. Saturday, February 10, for Debris picture. All possible please be there. —DUNSHEE.
Mixed Recreation: At 7:30 p. m. Friday, February 9, in the Women’s Gym. Volleyball, badminton, shuffleboards, and pingpong offered. Swimming ten cents for men. Everyone welcome. ' —MATHER.
bAiil
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS OPEN YOUR HEART
PLUS
He knows more about Murder than any man alive I
MARJORIE REYNOLDS GRANT WITHERS
ARC
TODAY - TOMORROW
— AND^ 'HAWAIIAN NIGHTS'
— WITH — MARY CARLISLE
~ALSO-
7 SERIAL IN 12 CHAPTERS
£tiuUL. £diJUL
By Hank Miller
In times gone past, WBAA has run into difficulties with the long arm of the Federal Communicatiops Commission, the ruling body of the radio industry. That long arm has reached out again and is causing much concern around the WBAA office.
Due to the fact that this station operates on What is known as specified hours, it is necessary to get the consent of all other stations on the same frequency and the FCC -before a broadcast outside of those specified hours can be put on.
In order to avoid too much confusion, the FCC requires that all applications for extra time must reach their hands at least ten days before the day of the broadcast. Early this week, WBAA officials received word from the commission that the application for extra time to broadcast the Purdue-Indiana ba'sketball game was not received in time (it was probably received nine and a half days instead of ten ahead of time as it was mailed from here airmail at least 48 hours ahead of time).
Though station officials haven’t given up hope of receiving permis-
Marriage'Lectures: The first of a series of Youth and Marriage lectures, “The Wedding Ceremony’’ will be presented Sunday, February 11, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Everyone invited. —FORD.
Purdue Peace Fellowships: Those wishing to attend the state Christian Pacifist Conference in Indianapolis the afternoon and evening of Saturday, February 10, contact Ed Clark, 76602, for transportation! Paul Harris is among the speakers. —BELCHER.
Student Book Exchange: Money will be distributfed Friday, February 9, from 4 until 5:30 in the sub-basement of the Union. —HRUBY.
LiMA
TODAY-SATURDAY
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
MADS
Starts SATURDAY
LAST DAY-
BORIS KARLOFF — IN — 'BRITISH INTELLIGENCE'
sion yet, a secondary play has been evolved so that students will hear a play by play description of the game regardless of what happens. If the game is not broadcast direct trom Bloomington, a telegraphic report will be received at the studio and the game recreated there and piped from the station to the South ballroom of the Union.
ROIC Boxers Fight
In Armory Today
—e-e— Hence, if you want to be sure to hear the Purdue-I. U., game whether it is broadcast or not, come to the southballroom of the Union tomorrow , pight at 7:30 and there will be a play by play description of the game coming through the public address system.
WBAA’s Campus Varieties broadcast on Saturday afternoon which has originated in the grill lounge of the WRH all this year, will change its location tomorrow and come from the north ballroom of the Union. Featured on the broadcast will be the music of Irvan Maury’s campus orchestra.
Competition in the military department’s anRURl boxing tournament began last night with about 160 freshmen taking part. The semi-finals o| the tournament •will be held tomorrow and the date of the finals has not yet been set. Each of the weight divisions have been narrowe^d to six boxers, but any interested freshnibn can still enter the tournament. All fighters still eligible for competition and last night’s winners should report at 4 o’clock tomorrow afternoon and be Weighed in before 4:30, according to Captain Larr. The tournament is being run on the elimination system, and each fighter receives two merits for each win and one merit for a loss.
This afternoon from 4:16 to 4:46, the music of Little Jack Little and his orchestra will come drifting through the air from WBAA. Due to the fact that the orchestra ar-’
rived oii the campus three days ahead of the scheduled dance in order to get a rest and have some intensive rehearsals, this broadcast is possible. No audience 1/011 be permitted to attend this broadcast, however, as it comes in one of the band’s rehearsal periods.
JbidwdtwTL SaiiL TOPCOATS
*15.95 Values to $22,75 Many are handsome new spring models we just unpacked. All pop-
ular new colors and sizes for all.
Buy now and SAVE!
KING THE CLOTHIER
LAFAYETTE, IND.
dhJbhs!L
3
LEADERS
In STYLE VALUE COMFORT
These are the fine quality shoes, gentlemen, you'll be proud to wear this Fall and Winter. Right up at the top in style—and so outstanding in comfort and value, that you need only try them oh to realize that here are the best shoe "buys" you've ever discovered.
SATTERFIELD’S
524 Main St.H
r
%
Friday, February 9, 1940
£xpmuufiL SptfdbbL, fiaqsL
Free Instruction Boilermaker Swimmers Meet
Ten Boilermakers
Remain In Fight For By Billiard Expert Ft Wayne YMCA Tearn Tonight
Golden Gloves Titles
With" only two Riveter fighters losing out in the quarter-finals, ten members of the original squad of seventeen remain in the Lafayette Gqlden Gloves Tournament". Five fighters were successful in winning their encounters in Wednesday’s elimination, with five others advancing to the semi-finals by virtue of having drawn byes through the quarter-final round. Brabb, Beers, Pyles, Nau, Threlfall, and Faber were the fighters winning their matches, while Wilcox, Weewee, Welch, and Yonkey were able to advance without competition. Coach Joe Benna was imable to be with the team during the bouts due to an ankle injury. However, “Punchy” Maxwell, assisted ably by A1 Rossi and Steve Bacharach guided the team exceptionally well. Benna claims that his ankle will be in good trim next Wednesday night when the boys who remain in competition will battle for positions in the final bouts of the
During his two-day stay here, billiard expert Charles C. Peterson will devote his spare time to free-instruction classes on Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13. The first class each day will start at 10 a. m., and the last at 5 p. m. They will be held in the Billiard
Room of the Union.
The important feature about these classes is~their informality. This has proven to be very popular in other Big Ten schools, and has been largely responsible for the ever-increasing interest in the game. All attending are free to ask questions, for “Pete” takes great interest in helping the beginner improve his game. All who are interested in attending one or more of these classes should register with Coach F. E. Whitney in the Billiard Room as
soon as possible.
local tourney, and that he will again be in the ring with the boys offering advice and encouragement.
VALENTINE’S DAY Will Soon Be Here Get a box of our delicious chocolates and send it to your girl here, or at home, or to your mother. We wrap the boxes ready for mailing.
GLAn
536 Main St.
Phone 4441
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^cdiireefi drug stores 410 Main Street
5 A PORTRAIT OF yOURSELF
Your letters convey a picture of you to your friends. See that they do you justice. The same good taste you use In selecting all other personal things for your use will guide you unerringly to one of the many styles of Eaton’s
Highland Linen
‘♦FAMOUS FOR TWO GENERATIONS”
50)^
24 Sheets 24 Envelopes
EATON’S HIGHLAND LINEN DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
With the opening of the swimming meet against the Fort Wayne YMCA tonight, the Purdue splashmen will not rest until eight days later when they have completed a schedule that includes Michigan State, Chicago, and Indiana. The latter team will be on the road for the other three.
For the week-end trip against Fort Wayne, and Michigan State, Coach Papenguth has named a squad of 12 to participate, headed by Captain Johnny Graham, who will be without his swimming mate in the distance §wims. Chuck Siler. Instead, Smith will swim in the 440
and Harris in the 220.
gioMoh’A
Cho.
By Robert J. Deckard
No tuition remissions are granted, state law provides for a large number of scholarships, and offcampus employment is found almost exclusively in the form of board jobs at Purdue, the Western Conference revealed recently in the eighth of a series giving facts on student aid in the Big Ten.
—^fc—
With respect to the facts pertain’* ing to student aid at other conference schools which were included in this survey by Big Ten officials. Purdue’s set-up seems to be just as much on the “up-and-up.” In other surveys made, one rather wonders yvhy so much money wa| spent at one or two schools . . . But here at Purdue the whole case seems to be strictly on the “QT,” as can be seen
below. —fc—
Here a university loan committee. Dean M. L. Fisher being the head of it, is maintained for the assistance of any needy student qualifying ... 11 Boilermaker athletes received loans from funds administered by this committee last year, the loans amounting to $1,805.
—^fc—
Also developed here is a widespread program of campus employment, with an employment bureau conducted jointly by the dean of men’s office and the athletic depart-
Dash Men Kratzer and Branner will be in the dashes and Mecredy, and Anderson will be the backstroke men. There are only two divers repre-* senting the Boilermakers at the present, Farkus and Briggs with the status of the latter still uncertain. In the medley relay, Anderson will swim the crawl; Herr, the backstroke; and Tingley, the breaststroke. Tingley, who will also swim in the 100 yd. breaststroke, will be without his swimming mate, Wally Frank, who is out because of illness.
ment, the two co-operating in the employment of undergraduates for such jobs as ushering, game policing, and field maintenance. —^fc— Of the 6,369 men undergraduates in the university 623 hold scholarships provided by state law, being administered by the registrar, R, B. Stone . . . The University lists 466 athletes, in this group of which 34 held scholarship benefits amounting to $2,200. —^fc— Last year 215 athletes held campus jobs and earned in aggregate $9,441... Of this ^roup 54 boys had NYA assignments, earning $3,707, and 44 were program salesmen.
ARROW TRUMP
Survival of the Fittest
A rrow Trump’s the longest wearing and - the fittin’est shirt you ever put on your back. The superb Mitoga form-fit is custom shaped to your build. Trump’s sleek, goodlooking soft collar is one of Arrow’s best— specially woven and Arrow styled. Tell your roommate to buy some white Trump shirts today. Only two dollars each. You’ll like them—so will he! They’re Sanforizedshrunk — fabric shrinkage less than 1% — a new shirt free if one ever shrinks out of fit.
ARROW SHIRTS
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the Village
Big Ten Teams To Renew Activity Tomorrow Night After a three week layoff necessitated by final examinations and by the welcome mid-semester vacation, all membeis of the Western Conference will renew their 1940 quest for top honors in the Big Ten tomorrow night as competition begins for the final leg of the race. Highlighted among the five conference games will be the Boilermaker-Indiana clash at Bloomington, a game that might easily prove the deciding felement in the final Big Ten standings.
CoacK Piggy Lambert sent his charges through their final scrimmage yesterday afternoon in preparation for the highly publicized tilt. This afternoon the squad will hold a brief practice session, devoted mainly to foul shooting and a short fundamental drill. The entire team of 23 men will leave by bus tomorrow morning for Martinsville, where they will rest in one of the famous Artesian Health Resorts until shortly before game time. Indiana Ready The Hoosiers, fresh from their 51-30 rout of DePaul’s Blue Demons, have been working exceedingly hard this week in order to cope ^th the Boilermaker's highspeed offense and tricky defense. Coach Branch McCracken’s lads must win this game in order to stay in the race with Michigan and Purdue for the Conference title. According to latest reports from Bloomington, Captain Marvin Huffman, who injured his knee in the DePaul fray, may not be able to stand the strain of the entire game. The Indiana starting line-up has not been announced as yet, but the initial quintet is expected to be picked from Jay McCreary, HeriRan Schaefer, and Paul Armstrong, forwards; Bill and Bob Menke, and Andy Zimmer, centers; and Marvin Huffman, Bob Dro, and Bill Torphy at guards. Schaefer, Armstrong, Menke, Dro, and Huffman have been the most consistent starters thus far. Gopher-Illini Closely rivaling the P. U.-I. U. game for the limelight tomorrow night will be the Minnesota-Illinois battle at Champaign. The Gophers, so far the lone victors of Indiana this season, are expected to have plenty of trouble with the Illini, who have been improving consistently since their first loss to the Hoos-
ier’s. Michigan, now tied with Indiana for second place in the Conference standing, will travel to Evanston to tangle with Northwestern’s weakening ball club. The Wildcats, picked by early season experts as a potential dark horse entry, are beset by sickness, and are not expected to be at top form for the contest. On the other hand, the Gopher’s have been picking up speed since the beginning of the season, except for their defeat by the Boilermaker’s, and seem to be headed toward a high berth in the final conference standing. Ohio State-Chicago Ohio State’s defending Big Ten champions, will meet the Chicago Maroons in Chicago. Although the Maroons have shown bursts of power during the season, they are not expected to challenge the Buckeyes very seriously. The fifth game of the evening will be played at Iowa City, where the Hawkeyes will seek to break into the victory column against a rangy Wisconsin team. Track Team Journeys To Madison For Meet Twenty-two Riveter thinlies are to leave this afternoon by auto for Madison where they are to meet the Wisconsin Badgers and the Chicago Maroons in their first Big Ten meet of the season. The men that Coach Phillips is taking along on the trip are: Lovitt, Edwards, Campbell, Denzler, Vollmer, Suto, Holderman, Jarvis, A. Gaulke, Kersey, Lycocki, Doty, Keim, W. Gaulke, Shackleton, Simmons, Anthony, Reeves, Joorfirtz, Kankin, Stroyeck, J. White.
Come and Get it— Enjoy Good Dinner 25c At Tom’s Armory Restaurant Across From Armory
FLOWEBS
YOUR BEST GIRL! YOUR BEST DANCE! m YOUR BEST FLORIST Keep us in mind for your approaching Inter-fraternity Ball. ra: 635 Mean Btreet
Phone 7955 - 6050i?'-
An Open Letter To The Class Of‘43 Over 2,000 of you freshmen are enrolled in the University, unless the mortality rate among your green-potted contingent has reached unexpected proportions this semester. Fowler Hall will seat only 1,300, so if all of yoii turn out for the mass meeting this afternoon, the Activities Bureau may have to post the Standing Room Only sign. If Fowler Hall becomes filled, there is always the chance that you men, being chivalrous as well as particularly allergic to a pair of pretty eyes, may allow the co-eds to sit on your laps. And after watching you freshmen girls on the campus for severaF months, we’re pretty sure that such action would not be objectional to all parties Concerned! Activities inject that extra “something” into college life, and the spirit of competition in seeking junior and senior jobs is usually a healthy one. Various studies have indicated that college graduates who have worked in activities while in school receive higher salaries from 5 to 25 years after graduation than their classmates. A study of 2,108 college graduates in the Bell Telephone System shows this on several charts, which Personnel Director J."E. Walters will show you this afternoon. One of the greatest problems of the activity worker is to maintain a proper balance between studies, activity, and social life. Too many times one or two of these factors are neglected in favor of another. For this reason, you freshmen have not been called out for activity work until the present semester. Your first semester has served to start you in Purdue, and to orient you to college years. You are now in a much better position to intelligently select your activity than you would have been last September or October. . Men in charge of student employment bureaus have noted an increased desire on the part of students to obtain “work experience” while in college. This is a commendable ambition if it does not interfere with a student’s scholastic standing or keep work from another student who is in real financial difficulty. Those of you wl^o do not have to earn money in order to remain in school should concentrate on extra-curricular, perhaps non-paying activities. In this way you can obtain exper-
ience valuable for securing full time work after graduation without adding further hardships to students actually ^needing work. If you don’t actually need money, don’t work, but enter an activity. Perhaps .Wt all of you have planned to attend the meeting. Some of you may prefer to “Joe” in the afternoons rather than spend afternoon hours in an activity office, some of you may prefer to lounge around and not exert yourself either mentaily or phydcally, some of you may be unable to enter an activity because you must spend many hours working for your bread, butter, and the roof over your head. Advantages of activity work have already been outlined at the Activity Bureau’s Freshmen Forums. Activity work will help most of you by developing your abilities and personality, offering you definite things to do which will in most cases benefit your fellow students, and offering you an opportunity to make new friends by joining the esprit de corps which •should be present in any worthwhile activity. Many of you who must work for part or all of your expenses may not have time to enter extensively into an activity, although “success” is still possible. We hope that those of you who are not working, or who still have time for activity participation, will consider the advantages which may be yours, and that you will find a place to sit in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock this afternoon. Sincerely yours. The Exponent. In Russia ... there are lots of generals to map campaigns and send their manpower into battle, not that Stalin needs any help, but some one' has to attend to the details. Then too, in the event of a costly mistake it may become necessary to pin the blame upon someone, and the generals die at dawn. It’s the same the world over. Here at the University we have the Prom Committee. Not that Bill Bodden is incapable of billing a band, but someone has to attend to the details. Then too, in case you don’t like the band, you have someone to gripe at. You elected them. Today you may also vote for the band you prefer.’ Cast your vote and hope that the breaks come your way, the committee can’t promise anything and they’ve said so. But their necks are out and you elected them, so gripe away. —D.K.H.
Four Former . . . University students, Cyrus B. Stafford, ’38; Scott F. Everett, ’36; Phillip F. Hennin, ’39; and William C, Hunter, ’38; are soon to be commissioned as Second Lieutenants in the Air Corps Reserve. These young men have been transferred from Randolph to Kelly Field where three months in the advanced flying school will complete their, nine month course.
FREE
FREE
FREE
BIG FREE SHOW
GIGANTIC COLOSSAL SEE YOUR OLD TIME MOVIE FAVORITES 8 REELS OF FUN AND LAUGHTER CHANGE OF PROGRAM DAILY DON’T MISS IT AT THE GEN CLEB
TAKE A YELLOW CAB
to the Inter-fraternity Ball Tonight, when you demcdhd quick, dependable transpor-tation-r-caU a Yellow Cab! Moke this big night a complete success by riding in style.
Call 3071 YELLOW CAB CO. 5023
Incidentally— By Serge I, Serge, greet you. I say, “Hi!” At times 1 am the Saddest-of-AlLthe-Russians. In fact, if this column could appear oh a depressing Monday, it would. Romanoff and the others call me Serge, the Melancholy. * * * Or sometimes just Blue Serge, * * ' We are always a bit awed by what used to be called the Practical ^ Mechanics Dept. — you know, pattern shop, foundry, etc. However, we think that even they have banked a bit too heavily on their reputation when they painted a sign on one of their buildings. * * Xi It reads, “Fire Strictly Forbidden.” * S(! * Now the ordinary, run-of-the-mine fire might possibly read this sign and then terrifiedly dunk itself in the spray pond. However, we think we know of a few fires which have that divine spark which will enable them to stand up under just such emergency—^and then maybe they never heard of the P. M. Dept. Have YOU ever heard of the Purdue Hostel? We came across it unexpectedly the other day around the corner of a page in the Directory, in the back under student co-operatives. It read, “PURDUE HOSTEL, Mr. and Mrs. Love, Host and Hostess.” And that was all. No telephone. No Students. No nothing. if * , * We don’t call that very co-operative. How did it get into the Directory anyhow, we say. Well, you know — Love will find a way. However, we’re 'sending our Mr. Hendersoir around to investigate. He’ll report on it later. si! * * Speaking of our Mr. H. (and we were), brings to mind “The Strange Case of the Closed Door.” Next
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Iiul«r fc,. Editor-ln-CWef W. E. Smith .'. Bnsines* llanscwr D. G. Terrio, Editorial Manager; G. W. Fred^ck, Bfaiip agringr Editor; E. M. Antonini, Senior Adrertisingr Matt* agrer;,G. Schillintr, Co-ed Editor; R. Jenkins, Sporto Editor. Phones: E^torial .4005; Business 5038; Sports 2729 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director. y Entered as second class* matter at tbs post effioe la Lafayette, Indiana, nnder the aet of Coagnss of Ifaroh f. 1879, and at the speolal rata of peataga proridad for la section 1108, aet of Ootob<» 8, 1917, avUtoriaed January SO, 192S!. Published/daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Ddirered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, , mall subBcriptioa $8.(0. ■ ^ Represented for national advertising by National Eklvertising Service, Inc., College Fnblishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N, Y. Night Editor, Heiple Day Editor, Simpson Ass’t. Night Editor, Sidwell ’ Friday, February 9, 1940.
to Dr. Rose's office in the health service is a door with a small sign on it: “Isolation.” Now we know exactly what we are going to do the next time we are doghoused by the gal friend. We will pack a knapsack and come to the Exec building to get away from it all. We, too, can be an Admiral-Byrd-in-the-Ant-arctic. At least that’s what we thought before we heard our Mr. Henderson’s story. * > 4* ' Worried about this “Isolation,” we sent him around to investigate, as is our wont. When no one was looking he entered and closed the door quickly. Inside, as far as the eye could see, stretched a sandy waste, a desert covered with the bleached hones of dead pterodactyls. In the distance the coyotes could be heard telling wierd tales to the intense silence with their dismal howls. Mr, Henderson felt very much isolated indeed. We asked him how he got back ’from this lonesome land. “It certainly was isolated,” he replied, shivering. There are times when we doubt our Mr. Henderson.
BCW,
Marge Ging, lively junior co-ed, has secretly announced her engagement to a trusting friend. But our ears are always open . . . heh heh
. . . and we find that the date for said hookup is tentatively set for “sometime this summer.” However, it cannot be said that Marge is definitely out of competition, for an engagement doesn’t always mean a complete shutdown. —B&B— The general trend of the engagements on this campus lead us to believe that they are made just to be broken. It is something for the co-eds to talk and brag about during the inevitable knitting sessions
One of the Theta Tau hoys is imconciously trying for the number one sucker position. He passed his -pin out to Alice May Oswalt, high school senior, and hasn’t seen her for two weeks since then. His name —Kenneth Crouch. We don’t know whose fault it is, but maybe he is trying to prove the old proverb, “Absence makes the heart grow fonder.” —B & B— The contrib box has been empty for a long time. How do you expect us to get rid of those Mars Passes ?
Are Your Clothes Ready? for the coming after-holiday activities that are near. Better send us your evening garments for a nice cleaning, You’ll want to look your best!
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
VALENTINE CHOCOLATES for Delicious Flavor! T Xhe unequalled flavor of Schrafft’s Chocolates makes each taste a new delight. 'Coatings have that rich mellowness found only in Schrafft’s . . . centers are incredibly smooth and creamy, invitingly chewy, or with crunchy nuts and genuine fruits. You can obtain Schrafft’s in attractive packages— assortments to suit every. taste — at 60^ to $1.50 a Dound
SOUTHWORTH'S
VALENTINE candy wrapped and mailed FREE within first 150 miles.