f .V 5*^ i h «'
„. k PurduG
Z4«
Exponent
Vc^me 4< No.\ ^
Friday, Fuly 12, 1940
Carnegie-lllinois Musicians Present Concert Next Week Male Chorus Will Sing Sfephen Foster Songs Two hundred musicians and vocalists from the Calumet region will provide the feature attraction of a concert to be played in the Hall of Music on Wednesday evening, July 17. The performers are steel workers from the Gary l^ills of the CarflegieIllinois Steel Corporation. Music is their hobby, and they have formed
James Signed For Summe^Prom
K. W. Sesur
the Carnegie-lllinois Male Chorus and the Qarillco Concert Band as a result of their enthusiasm for music. All Music The band will play various selections of classical, semi-classical, and
First Sfiorts Mixer Tonight; No Coats Required - - Val Shattering all precedents for dances, tonight the Union ballroom will be the scene of the first really informal mixer ever to hit the University. Tonight the first “Sports Mixer” will fill the regular Friday evening Union dance program. Because of the heat and popular student sentiment, coats will not be required. Geperal sport attire will be considered correct. Hank Messer and his orchestra will play to dancers in both ball--rooms from 9 to 12 p.m. Messer’s orchestra, featuring the celeste as played by Lew Magill, has played for previous Union mixers. Admission to the mixer will be one dollar.
popular music. The chorus will present a similar program, with an intermezzo entitled “Swanee..River Days” containing Stephen Foster’s .best-loved compositions. A setting representing the Swanee River bathed in moonlight will be used as the background for the Swanee River selection in which the chorus will sing in black face. Hot Steel Appropriate for the background of the Carillco band selections will be an imitation ladle from which white-hot sparkling steel will seem to be pouring into ingot moulds. Harry S. Walsh, noted Chicago choral donductor, will direct the male chorus, and K. W. Resur will direct the band. . Beginning at 8 p.m., the program will be free to summer session students. Tickets will be sold at the door for 20 cent^ to adults and 10 cents to children.
Co-eds Given 2 O'clock Hours I Coming to the University on Friday, July 26, Jimmy James ,and his orchestra will play for the summer session Prom, according to an announcement made yesterday by L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union. James and his 13 piece orchestra have played at the Netherland Plaza in Cincinnati, and at present are featured daily from 4 to 4:30 p.m. over WLW. , Five hundred tickets for the dance will be placed on sale Monday at a price of $2 per couple. The dance is not restricted to juniors and seniors nor to students obly, but students will be favored should a shortage of tickets develop. The band will play from 9 p.m. till 2 a.-m. and co-eds have been granted 2' o’clock hours. Dress will be formal for co-eds and optional for eds between summer formal or white suits. Housemothers' Training School Holds Open House for Visiting Celebrities ' By Georgia Carroll Guest day at the Housemother’s Training school brought visiting deans of women, sorority and fraternity national officers, and local chapter advisors to the Women’s Residence Halls for luncheon Tuesday. In the afternoon President Edward C. Elliott spoke to the group on the prespects for housemothers in the future. Tea was served in South Hall following the president’s speech.
Out of town guests were Mrs. J. H. Mueller, dean of women from Indiana university; Dean Helen Salzer of DePauw university; Dean Mary Smallwood, Kent State university; Miss Gertrude Anderson, director of the central office of Alpha Xi Delta; Miss Hannah Kennan, Alpha Chi Omega central office director; Mrs. Nelson Snyder, Mrs. W. M. Edgar, Kappa Delta. With G. O. Arbuckle, director of the men’s residence halls, and Dean M. L. Fisher as guides the housemothers toured Cary Halls. As a high spot of the month’s activities,
the residents of North and South Hall were to present separate stunts for an audience of faculty who have been connected with the training school Wednesday night. Yesterday and today Dr .^Gilbert Wrenn, University of Minnesota psychologist, gives the final training school lectures which will also conclude his week’s stay on the campus. His discussions have concerned the techniques of counseling, and he has conducted several question hours as well as personal interviews.
"Yeah, Yeah/ Quote The Ol<l Fox, 'You Can't Defeat Us!' Scene: The bowling alleys of the Purdue Memorial Union. Time: Wednesda^, July 17, at 7:30 p.m. Event: Doubtful. A Mystery When questioned at the University’s information post — Miller’s HeMth Resort—^Doc Miller yesterday revealed a feW clues as to” the nature of the event scheduled for next Wednesday evening in the bowling alleys. “Someone has questioned the ability of our Pill-RoUers to defeat any and all challengers to our title of Champions of Lafayette and Vicinity. I think we’re goihg to bowl a bunch of would-be titleholders for a short time Wednesday evening,” Miller stated. Doc Still Ignorant “From what I’ve heard, some members of the Fourth Estate, through Fifth Column channels, have pretended to assume our title,” the good doctor hinted. “We’ll lick ’em, if it takes some propaganda of our own to talk them out of meeting the champs. They ought to know they can’t beat a healthy team like ours.” Fred Willis, assistant to Miller, gave vent to similar sentiments. “There isn’t much dought in my mind that we’re unbeatable. Ask the Coca-Cola girls from Terre Haute. Ask Ace Stuckey—^he bowls with us.” More Official News Exponent News Editor J. H. McKee shed more light on the subject. “It’s pretty well known all over the campus that the Pill-Rollers have a reputation built upon bragadocio,” (Continued on page 4)
Wolfe Discusses Foreign Situation At Banquet Here Says Nazis Will Attack America Economically The possibility that Stalin may be the ultimate winner in the present World War was expressed here last night by Henry C. Wolfe, noted international'political authority and author, in a revealing address on “Democracies v s . Dictatorships” before the annual summer session banquet at the University. Wolfe, who predicted the NaziSoviet deal in a published airticle months before it was culminated, and whose new book, “The Imperial Soviets,” will be released by the publishers today, pointed out that Stalin is playing a waiting game and that it is his “fundamental policy to be prepared to take advantage of whatever conditions arise from the war.” 600 Attend Speaking before a crowd of over 600 persons, which included attendants at the third annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic, Wolfe said, “Stalin is even more ruthless than Hitler. Whatever he has done has been of a great effort toward Sov--iet Imperialism. “If it ever serves the purpose of spreading ohaos and Bolshevism, he will not hesitate to come to an agreement with the British. But, he will not make the move to help the British, but to help Soviet Russia.” Nazi-Soviet Deal In commenting on the Nazi-Soviet deal, he declared that it was solely one of power politics, and that there was no friendship involved. “Stalin may outlast Hitler even if the Nazis smash England,” said Wolfe. Wolfe was none too sanguine over the ossibility of there being a (Continued on pag^ 2)
usic Festival Preliminaries To Open Saturday At 1 P. M.
Opera Carmen Will End Festival In Music Hall “Carmen,” written by the French composer^ Georges Bizet (1838-1875), is a romantic opera in four acts. It was first produced in Paris on March 3,1875, and has since become one of the most popular of operas. The setting is Seville, Spain, and the time is the early nineteenth century. Cqrmen is a gypsy girl of passionate emotions and capricious whims, a born coquette. Don Jose, a valorous young brigadier, falls in
The ballet en$emble, featured in the streamlined version of Carmen, which will top the list of entertainment at the Music Festival in the Hall of Music Saturday night.
love with Carmen and deserts his regiment, his former sweetheart, Mioaela, and his home because of her. Together they join a gypsy band of smugglers who are plying their illegal traffic from a mountain retreat. Changes Her Mind Although she is at first enchanted by the manly bearing of the young brigadier, the frivolous Carmen soon tires of his love. She becomes fascinated with the gay and handsome Escamillo, the most popular toreador in Seville, and brazenly slights her former lover. Still madly in love with her, Don Jose swears he will never give her up, but circumstances thwart his plans. His faithful sweetheart, Micaela, prevails upon him to hasten with her to the bedside of his dying mother. Griefstricken Overcome with grief at the news of his mother’s' plight, he bids Carmen farewell and departs, declaring that he will be b^ck within a few days. Carmen, however, has po intentions of seeing him again. Relieved at his departure, she is now (radiantly happy with Escamillo. On the day of the great bullfight in which Escamillo is, to appear, Don Jose retui’ns to Seville. He
Dimitri Onofrei
Baton, Instrument, Vocal Contest^i^^'^"‘'’'*'if®f
. . . tenor, who will sing the part of Don Jose Saturday night. finds Carmen at the arena and begs her to return to him, but she rejects his pleas. Angrily she frees herself from his emlbrace and tells him that she loves Escamillo. These Vords of repudiation stir Don Jose into a frenzy of jealous rage. He draws his stiletto and Stabs Carmen in the heart just as the proud and victorious Escamillo emerges from the arena.
The complete list of entries for the festival folio Bass—William J. Rothenberger, Mulberry. Baritone—Howard Byron, Huntington; Carlos De Renaldo, Cleveland, Ohio; Raymond Dexter, Lafayette; Dale Love, Peru; Donald L. Pyke, Lafayette. Tenor (Lyric)—Marvin Smith, Lafayette; Charles R. Potts, Vincennes. Tenor (Dramatic)—Walter Weeks, Peru. Soprano (Co^ratura) —Mona Morrison, Anderson College; Juanita Helen Thompson, West Lafayette. Soprano (Lyric) —Alberta R. Schmadel, West Lafayette; Kathryn Plye Crone, West Lebanon; Eleanor Sylvester, Indianapolis. Esther Marie Nickels, Lafayette. ^ Soprano (Dramatic) — Anee T. DeLong, Lafayette; E. Victoria Leafgreen, Indianapolis. Mezzo — Mrs. Lorene "M. Ericson, Windfall; Lenore Eisenbarth, Indianapolis. Contralto — Betty Lou Grimsley, Bluffton; Mary Godfrey Kreiser, Indianapolis; Arsene Summers, Lafayette. Baton Twirling Girl Juvenile—Ruth Ganser, Mishawaka; Pat Holderman, Mishawaka; Patricia McCavit, Elkhart; Joan Netherton, Columbus. Boy Juvenile — Kent Brechtel, Mishawaka; Jack Endicott, Mishawaka; Richard Miller, South Bend. (Continued on page 2)
.. .'prima ballerina with the cast
of Carmen.
Entrants Will Compete In Union, Fowler Hall An outstanding list of entries has been received for the University Music Festival, which will be climaxed by the presentation of the streamlined version of “Carmen” in the Hall of Music at 8:15 p. m. tomorrow, according to an announcement made today by Albert P. Stewart, Director. Interest in the evening program, which will be preceded by appearances of the winners in the various classes in the music festival, has been increasing, apd a brisk advance ticket sale indicates a near-capacity crowd. Both reserved seat tickets, priced at $1, and general admission tickets, priced at 50 cents, are now available at the various ticket agencies, and will also be available at the box office in the Hall of Music on Saturday night. Afternoon Preliminaries Preliminaries in the Music Festival, which will determine the winnei|6 who will appear on the evening’s program as well as the individuals and groups who wiU represent Indiana in the Chicagoland Music Festival later jn the season, wiU be held on Saturday afternoon beginning at 1 o’clock. AU preliminaries will be open to the public. Contests in the vocal classes will be held in the' Music Room from 1 to 3 o’clock, with the chorus and choir contests to follow. Instrumentalists wiU compete in the West Faculty Lounge beginning at 1' o’clock, while baton twirlers wKl strut their stuff in front of Fowler Hall beginnmg at 2 o’clock.
Judges
The judges for the Music Festival will all be recognized authorities. The voice and chorus* classes wiU be (Continued on page 4)0
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, July 12, 1940
y '
JoUl
Congratulations ... to the man who made the arrangements for the summer prom band! And we do mean you, Mr. Vallely. Your choice is at least familiar to the majority of the students which is more than we can say for the Junior Prom band. Which all goes to prove that the man who has been booking bands all year seems to have a pretty good idea of what kind of music and what kind of bands the students like. Dragging skeletons out of the closet isn’t part of our policy but it seems to us that the real story behind the picking of the J.P. band has never been made public and yet a great many ugly rumors regarding inefficiency and delay in booking the band have reached our office from time to time. No one has ever confirmed or denied these rumors. Apparently the members of the prom committee were content to shoulder the blame for the unpopular choice. Some will say that what happened inside the committee itself is strictly the committee’s business. That may be very true, but it seems to us that it is also the business of the students who elected the committee. Perhaps next year’s committee can be guided by the experience of this year’s committee; that’s a job for next fall. Right now we have the summer prom to look forward to with keen anticipation^ And with a good band already booked we have only to wait for the date— July 26. . Another Opportunity “Music hath charms to soothe the savage breast, To soften rocks oi bend a knotted oak ” Continuing the policy of killing two birds with one stone, summer school officials and A1 Stewart in particular have made arrangements for another cultural program for summer school students, faculty, and townspeople. Tomorrow night a streamlined version of the opera “Ca'rmen” will be presented in the Music Hall. Summer school students will be admitted for $ .25 upon presentation of their registration cards at the cashier’s office. Officials of the University have long believed that summer school affords more opportunity for students to take part in cultural activities because of schedules. The presentation of “Carmen” tomorrow night is concrete evidence of that fact. With the air-conditioned Music Hall available for such events it would seem that more of these programs could be arranged. And we have been assured by A1 Stewart that if this program is supported there will be more like them. Opera is regarded by many as that “long haired stuff” that only “artists” love. It is true that not everyone likes opera but it is also true that not everyone likes spinach—and both for ' the same reason—because neither has been given a fair trial. We’ve never cared much for spinach but if opera is strong enough “To soften rocks or bend a knotted oak,” we’re in favor of it.
WjsTatk To Little America ^ - - This Is 'Preventative Propaganda' We were talking to a little boy yesterday. He must have been seven or eight years old. He joined us as we were walking home, all soiled and tired from a long day of playing soldier. He had been marching up and down the sidewalk, he told us, shooting “fif colmas,” “Nasties,” and even “ole Hitler” himself. He’d been commander of a squad of other young fellows, and he was pretty enthused with his work. You could tell that as he walked along home with us, and talked. Of course, he’d been a bit ruthless, had bumped a few persons off the sidewalk in the course of his “duty,” but then no one ever accused a soldier of remembering all the nice, polite things to do that Mother had taught him. Things had sort of quieted down as far as conversation went, when all of a sudden he pops up with, “Are you going to fight in the war?” We said no, we guessed not, since as far as we’re concerned right now there isn’t any war. ^ The kid said yes, but don’t you want to go qver there and save democracy, and protect our country, and save our women-folk. At least, that’s what he meant, but he had a hard time getting it out ’cause he was kind of excited. We knew the kid had been listening to his ole man, and it must have made us kind of mad; We said no, we didn’t want to save democracy, and as far as we knew our country was doing pretty good so far, and by the last letter we got from home so were the women. We said that we still have one of the largest, undamaged navies in the world, still have a great potential army, and there are^tlll 3,000 miles between us and the nearest co^t of Europe, with no refueling bases in between. We said that we didn’t believe too much in this alarmist stuff, but that we did believe in arming and getting ready for anything that might pop up. We said we couldn’t ^’emember ever hopping a guy who we knew was bigger ’en tougher than us, but we had beat 'the stuffin’s out of lots of guys littler than us. We said we’d work like the dickens getting ready for any trouble, but we’d be damned if we’d go to war for democracy, our country, our women, or anything at this early stage in the game. We said right now we want to graduate and try to live a happy, normal life. We must have got pretty intense, ’cause the kid seemed kind of scared, ahd just said oh., Then we walked along without talking. We were ashamed for blowing our top, but kind of glad too ’cause we’d meant it. And the kid must have been kind of worried about the whole thing. We hadn’t said the same thing as his pop had. We got to the kid’s front gate, an old iron one, and the kid said that he guessed he had to go in now but he’d tell his pop what we’d said. ^ We said o. k. and walked on home.—J. A. P.
Wolfe Discusses (Continued fiom page 1) quick end to the war While none to^ hopeful of the Biitish position, he added that “Hitler is far from the master of Europe ” In the event of a successful blitzkrieg on England, he expressed the opinion that the British fleet would retire to the dominions and maintain a long lange blockade of Nazicontrolled continental Europe “There are too many imponderables to make a quick solution possible,” said Wolfe “Theie may be a long series of some phases of the same wai going on foi yeais, although there may be tempoiaiy truces, or aimistices “The dynamics of national socialism,” continued Wolfe, “may compel Hitler to go fiom one crisis to another. This eventually may be his downfall if he overreaches ” As far as the threat to the United States was concerned, Wolfe declared that he persbnally did not expect an armed invasion in the event of a Nazi victory, although he felt that this country should proceed with its defense measures on the assumption that an armed invasion was imminent. “In the event of a Nazi victory,” said Wolfe, “I
expect an immediate terrific trade offensive against the United States, particularly in the South American countries.” In commenting on the fact that the democracies have undeiiated the Nazis and Hitler, Wolfe said wiyly, “Hitler’s moustache has been a world tragedy. No one could take him seriously As a matter of fact. Hitler is very intelligent. While not of thg executive type, he has suriounded himself with capable men to cany out his orders. Hitlei has made the decisions, diawn the charts, and chosen the timing ” “The food situation in Em ope is one of the main imponderables that makes any dogmatic predictions in legard to the outcome of the war puie guesswork today,” said Wolfe. He ventured the opinion, however, that there would undoubtedly be a famine in Europe this winter. “Practically all of the continent is blockaded and food production is far from normal, while England itself has lost its normal continental sources of supply and is now depending a great deal on the ‘long haul’.” Wolfe was introduced by Allison E Stewart, new member of the Board of Trustees of the University. In addition to his address, the
TUESDAY - WEDNESDAY
— Also — BORIS KARLOFF in WWERof MNDON
— AND — LAST CHAPTER OF "BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE" — PLUS — COLOR CARTOON
Letter To The Editor
LaGrange, 111. Jund 22, 1940. Purdue Exponent Lafayette, Indiana. Gentlemen: Congratulations on your attitude on the present international situation and the war propaganda being ' spread in America. I believe most real Americans feel the same way about this situation, but are being led into a position of wanting war, or seeming to, by a small organize^ minority. Keep up the good work. Sincerely, L. H. Crist.
Studebaker Chores fiom the Studebaker plant in South Bend added to the program with several numbers.
3606N. Bell Ave., Chicago, 111. June 24, 1940. Sib: With the country whipped into a hysterical lather by the Presidential incompetent, F. D. R., it i^ heartening to learn through comment in the general press that the collegiates are not frothy-lipped maniacs. In the opinion “of too many simple and supine Senators, anything is 6th column that is not proallied, which IS an elemental distortion of fact. Unfortunately, our warmongering men of high place attempt to cloak all allied propaganda under the guise of Americanism, which IS like “bundling” beauty and beastiality. Anyway, please to note the healthy tenor of your thoughts. Sincerely yours, Joseph W. Janson.
1426 E. 70th Street Chicago, Illinois June 22, 1940. Editor Purdue Exponent Purdue University, Lafayette, Ind. Dear Mr Editor: After reading your fine editorial on the COMMITTEE TO DEPEND AMERICA BY AIDING THE ALLIES, I feel that perhaps you would be interested in my enclosed poem, “WE'RE JUST TOO OLD TO FIGHT ” I have dedicated this poem to the committee, and have sent them a copy via registered mail. You may use it for reprint should you desire, and should you do so, I would be pleased to have a copy. Youis for genuine Americanism, Howard E. Petersen. P. S The writer was a student of Louis M Sears at Hyde Park High School, 1916. “We’re Just Too Old To Fight” We are the jolly Tories Though we’re children of Uncle Sam, Too old to share the glories Of a war that's real; not sham Safe from machine gun fire Protected by old age. First aid, then war is our desire Disciples of Walter Page. We’ll meet together in a group And wait for F. D. R.,
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
GBBBBSHHBBBHBiSBHBHBBBi
— TODAY - SATURDAY—DOUBLE feature-
johnny WEISSMUELLER — IN — tARZAN FINDS A SON — PLUS — CALLING PHILO VANCE — WITH — JAMES STEPHENSON
MIDNITE PREVIEW SATRDAY n;30P. M.
There Never Was—^There May Never Again Be—Another Like It! SKY DEVILS Howard Hughes Supreme Air Spectacle! — WITH — SPENCER TRACY ANN DVORAK WILLIAM BOYD
Baton, Instrumenf, Vo^al Contestants (Contijiued from page 1) t Girl Junior — Marilyn Berger, Windfall; Betty Jane Duesler, Elkhart; Ernestine Franklin, Elkhart; Jean Lambert, South Bend; Shirley Lewan, Elkhart; Donna Florence Phelps, South Bend. ' Boy Junior — Bob Colver, Mishawkk^; Bums Hummer," South Bend. Girl Senior — Margaret Nyikos, South Bend; Dorothy Simmons, Elkhart. ^ Boy Senior — Gene Guy, Elkhart; Blaine Gamble, Mishawaka; Gary Hornaday, Elkhart; Wendell R. Hurley, Marion; Morton Barch, Ligonier. Instrumental Piano Accordion — William Fletcher Briscoe, Indianapolis; Nancy Louise Uland, Bloomington. ^ Violin — V. Eugene Finnegan, Lafayette. Choral Contest — Ladies’ Variety Singers, Logansport, Vemie Gray, director; Oxford Methodist Choir, Mrs. Vera Vickers, Director; Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus, Lafayet|;e, Joseph M. Raga,ins, Director.
To give a signal for a swoop Of ads, both near and far. To aid the Allies is our claim “^top Hitler” is our cry. It may mean war, but just The same We’^1 not be called to die. We’ll rant and holler, scream and yell In ads, whole pages full, And claim America doomed to hell Unless ye save John Bull. We’ll brand as traitors, all of those Who see into our scheme, For we must not let them oppose Our hope, our joy, our dream. We’ll get the New Deal’s big O. K. And Lothian’s as well. To help us every sort of way Our propaganda sell. We’ll advocate, first only aid And that will lead* to war. And thus the first step will be ma^e Toward Europe’s bloody shore. When this is done, we’ll be all set To watch the bloody torrent. For we’ll be here, and safe you bet Immune from death’s grim warrant. Our organization’s name will be The “COMMITTEE TO DEFEND AMERICA BY AIDING THE ALLIES” unto the end. Our committee will be headed by One William Allen White, To tell our YOUTH that THEY must die ’Cause we’re too old to fight. Howard E. Petersen. Chicago, 111.
MARS
-LAST TIMES TODAY— CESAR ROMERO — IN — "I.UCKY CISCO KID"
STARTS TOMORROW
1938 s PULITZER PRIZE WINI
FAV BAINTER , .
AIR CONDITIONED
-SUNDAY - MONDAY-
— AND — 'SWANEE RIVER' — WITH — DON AMECHE AL JOLSON ANDREA LEEDS — ALSO — ALL COLOR CARTOON
-TODAY - SATURDAYMARSHALL of MESX CITY ROSE of the RIO GRANDE DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
120 Rural Insurance Men End First Week Tomorrow Morning Rural life-underwnters continued the fitst week’s program of their “short course” here yesterday with a series of five lectures from leaders m the insurance field. This course, given for the first time in the United States here last year, has attracted 120 rural Insurance men. “Educational Insurance for Rural Young People” was discussed this afternoon by Oren Pritchard, general agent Union Central Life Insurance Co., Lafayette, spoke on “Selling to the Rural Professional Man,” First week’s curriculum will close tomorrow morning with an examination, and the underwriters will continue with the second unit of their course next week, taking up more advanced phases of insfurance writing and selling. This short course will close on Saturday, July 20. ^ It Pays to Advertise in the Summer Exponent*’
-TODAY - SATURDAY-
- mom fl' diaries COBURN Beulah BONDI
SUN. - MON. - TUES. - WED.
LUMA Today - Sat.—2 Hits “DEAD END KIDS" — IN — "YouVe Not So Tough' — PLUS — WILLIAM BOYD — IN — "STAGECOACH WAR"
SUN.-MON.—2 HITS
VICTIMS of a world gone madi Astounding expoed of international intrigue!
— PLUS—
mmmmFriday, July 12, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
.V
The Tops
in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER ^ WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOimGE CAFE Bo^ Air Conditioned For Economy The Lahr Hotel
Preserve The Interior And Exterior - of your house with Pittsburg Paints 1 We Carry a Complete Line of Mirrors and Window Gloss HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Your Own Car!
FIRST—put your dirtiest clothes on so you can get under your car. ^ SECOND—equip yourself with lots of good strong words such os “dam," "oh hong," and such to use when oil falls in your eye or you loose a nut. THIRD—buy yourself a complete set of wrenches. These are necessary to let the oil and dirt fall on your nose. /^Iso get some skin to graft on your fingers when the wrenches slip. FOURTH—be sure to get the best parts that money can buy. Anderson's have these for you. FIFTH—be sure that you make the moving ports fit as specified by the manufacturer. This usually requires special equipment, but you can use your eye for precision. SIXTH—^look to see that all wrenches, nuts and bolts are out of the motor. Or if this seems too much trouble, just call Anderson's Garage. They'll diagnose your trouble for you and'then do a thorough job with the finest precision instruments and equipment.
Peter Anderson Company "After You We Come First" 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
SS Swimming Meet July 24; Will Award Intramural Medals Competition in the summer session swimming meet will begin at 7 o’clock Wednesday evening, July 24, in the Fieldhouse pool. University intramural department announced yesterday. Awards Intramural gold and silver medals will be given to the winner and second place in each of the following events: 100-yard free style, BO-yard free style, 50-yard back stroke, 50lyard breast stroke, 50-yard side stroke and “fancy” diving for which there will be 4 required and 2 optional dives. No person, however, will be allowed to enter more than 3 events, the intramural department’s notice stated. Pool Open “Chief” Clevett, intramural director, said that tl^e Fieldhouse pool is open each day to swimmers, but suggested that swimmers practicing for the meet would find the pool less crowded between the hours of 3 to 4 and 5 to 6 during the week. Clevett also said that any one of three things would permit students to swim, their registration card, their passport and 10 cents, or 25 cents. All Students . . . desiring to play in the summer school orchestra should see Joseph Regains, Assistant Music Director, in the music office. Rehearsals are held on Monday qights at 7:30 p.m. on the third fiobr of
Fieldhouse Aquatic Contest Winners Winners in the various contests held in connection with the "stunt night” held in the swimming pool on Tuesday evening included the following: beginners’ fioat race, Billy Freel; ping pong ball retrieving, Dick Hass; candle race, Janet Osborne; boat race for young boys. Bill Bodden’s team; boat race for older boys, Abbett’s team; float race (leg kick), Ruth Annison; back float race, Martha Schroyer and Nancy Monroe (tie); free style for older girls, Beth Schaupp; form swim (girls), Jane Haggard; tube race for young boys, “Sunny” Oiler; free style for young girls, Virginia Davidson; back stroke for girls, Marylyn Masters; free style for boys, Dick Bushnell. Educational Conference Ends Three Day Session; Attrads 300 Officials The University’s third annual Educational Leaders’ Conference, which has attracted 300 school officials from the mid-western states, closed last night with the annual summer session banquet. “Aptitudes and Knowledge, Their Contribution to Success,” were discussed in the final afternoon session yesterday by Johnson O’Connor, Stevens Institute of Technology. Leading the forum which followed were J. R. Mitchell, New Castle high school principal, and Professor Joseph Tiffin, of the University educational staff.
Pairings For Tennis Singles Toumamenf
66 Drug Clerks Conclude Course
Announced by Imhoff Sessions Today
Pairings for the annual summer session .tennis toumameut were announced yesterday by Larry Imhoif, of the Intra-mural department. The tourney wiU be an elimination affair, playing two out of three sets. The lists for the mixed doubles tourney are now posted in the Fieldhouse. All interested in participating in the tourney are asked to sign up immediately, u The pairings fir the singles tourney with phone numbers are as follows: Leshner, H (2475) vs. Spencer, J. (2573). Sailer, H. (75783) vs. Carlson, H. (36503). Van Camp, W. (66932) vs. winner of 2. Jackson, T. (^053) vs. Galloway, J. (8435). Connor, J. (2362) vs. Nowicki, E. (76891). Armstrong, A. (4031) vs. Kraybill, R. (75788). Gregory, M. (71612) vs. Meyers, A. (45703) Burkhardt, J. (4031) vs. Wolf, (5057). Roland, J. (4051) vfs. Hargesheimer, R. (5083). Willey, R. (5083) vs. Miller, G. (66345). Mclverney, W. (4051) vs. Martin, E. (7003).
R. W. Tyler, University of Chicago, discussed a “Comprehensive Evaluation Program and Its Use in Improving Instruction.”
JhL UmofL Qa^sdsihicL
... a bright spot in the life of every student, because' it offers a million advantages. • VARIETY—enjoy the every changing parade of your favorite dishes and acquaint yourself with many new ones. • ECONOMY—Food prepared in sanitary kitchens and served at a cost that will fit the student pocket book. • QUICK SERVICE—The two fast moving lines save your time when you eat in the Cafeteria. ihsL PwuiwL Tl^jinufuaL lAnum, \ The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Sixty drug clerks from Indian and surrounding states attending the first annual University Drug conferen<% continued their "short course” with a varied program yesterday, and sessions will close at noon today. Lettering and show card writing, more effective displays, and prescription department promotion aU came up for discussion at meeting;s today. “Quality Control,” a sound film showing glass manufacture, was exhibited by W. T. Allen, Owens Illinois Glass Company; and John A. Casper, E. R. Squibb and S<His, also showed three sound films on sales promotion pointers. Recent Regulations Recent food, drug, and cosmetic regulations directly effecting drug sales to the public will be discussed this morning by C. B. Jordan, dean of the pharmacy school^ C^^idficates will be awarded to attending drug clerks before the meeting is adjourned at noon. J. W. Sturmer, dean of the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy and Science, provided the feature address Wednesday. Sturmer, former University staff member, presented suggestions on methods of keeping pace with pharmaceutical developments. Stock Arrangem^t Following Sturmer’s address, the drug clerks studied arrang;ement of stock and fixtures, fountain management, and the significance of human suggestability to the druggist. The speakers included Roscoe A. Carver, University graduate who is head of the fixture department of Kiefer-Stewart Co., Indianapolis; Scott J. Dow, of the Walgreen Drtig Co., Chicago, and E. L. Kelly, of the University staff. The morning feature was provided by a trip to Smith Hall for a special demonstration in the manufacture of dairy products and instructions in the “sampling” of ice cream. Following the demonstration, B. E, Horrall, of the University dairy staff, outlined sanitary precautions that should be taken in handling ice cream. Dr. Steer To Lead ^
Forum At Clinic
Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the Universi^ speech clinic, left the campus this morning for Iowa Citjj to attend a speech conference at the University of Iowa today and tomorrow. Dr. Steer will lead a forum on stuttering during the afternoon’s program today. Also attending the conference will be Dr. H. Bloomer, Mich., Dr. Paul Moore, Northwestern, Dr. Robert Milisen, Ind., and Dr. Robert West, Wisconsin. AH are directors of speech clinics at their home universities. Block Prints, Mnrab On Display In Music Room Until July 18, an exhibit of 12 decorative and colorful block-prints on cloth will be on display in the Music Room of the Union. The block-prints are the work of artists employed in the recently discontinued WPA handicraft project in Milwaukee. Also featured in the current exhibit are six color lepi eductions of Mexican murals painted by Mexico’s outstanding contempoi-ary artist, Diego Rivera. These murals portray in part, the colonization, political history, and industry of Mexico and the life of its people, E. C. Elliott A . . . will welcome attendants to the first state-wide Landlord-Renter Conference to be held at the University on August 1, How to arrive at mutually profitable and satisfactory relationships between landlords and renters will be the purpose of the one-day conference.
Classified Ads t()iRi--4)ne round pearl broLKh, pearls rotating from cen^, in Union. Reward, Phone S4(NL Hormll.wmm
p p * '
\tr \
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, July 12, 1940
The^fh Coiiuni,
At this time we wish to digress froljiWBHI^ for a moment to comment on the Mexican sifru^^yH^ms as if they are having a lot more trouble tafiMHB^ the votes than the casualties. It’s sort of silly counting the votes anyway. The losers will demand a reshoot.
* * *
The Italians won their first real battle of the war the other day. Two of Mussolini’s divisions met somewhere in the Libiyan desert. They fought for hours and hours. Finally one division routed the other in confusion. Yon can’t lose that way.'
\'
A case of mistaken identity, no donbt. 4: * *
Speaking of the Italians, everything must be quiet on the Mediterranean these days. According to the Duce, the British have all been put to fli^t or sent to the bottom. According to the British, all the Italian boats have been dragged back up in the Alps for safe keeping. Gad, let’s go for a swim.
The Purdue Expoheut
Bntersd as second class matter at the post o ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents.
Publication Staff
Editor-in-Chief ...
News Hiditor
Managing Editor
Associate Editors. J. A. Purcell, J. L. Traugott,
_ R. W. Donahue J, H. McKee
D. K. Heiple
Businoss Staff
Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. lenders; Circulation Manager, R. M. RectenWald.
Sports Staff
Editor ..
J. P. Dolan
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Veah,JlTebh, (Continued frpm page 1)
Mdltee told'^s. “Haven’t you heard that Exponent itself is out to dispell any rdnibrs and get at the triith ? Exponent’s team is going to meet Miller’s team next Wednesday night.”
Told of this. Miller spatt angrily, “Wait until I get my 'new fivepound aluminum ball . . . anybody want to see a 300 game ? Wd’H see who’s learned how to kegle around here. Dispute us, will they?” McKee Still Confident “It’s a well-known fact that news-
papers seek first of all the truth. That’s our first thought in meeting the Pill-Rollers. We invite all railbirds to join the gallery Wednesday night and see who holds what titlei^ around her. Nothing more needs to be said,” the Exponent spokesman concluded.
and navies every time we take a look ^t a paper. If it isn’t one Million dollars it’s two billion. - He goes through an appropriation faster than we do our month’s allowance. And that’s pretty fast.
By the way that reminds us. What has become of the Swiss Navy?
We like the idea, but not the tax. We’re just like the old time politician. When it comes to a vote:
Roosevelt keeps planning bigger and bigger armies We’re fer appropriations and agin taxes.—dkh
Chemicals Set Pace In
Softball Tournament
Entrants Will (Continued from page 1)
Four teams have been entered in the summer session softball tournament and five games have been played. The four teams include the Bearcats, t'raternity Row, Theta Chi, and the Chemical Engineers. Already the tournament Ws de-’ veloped into a heated race with the Chems setting the pace. With Herner pitching they held a highly touted Fraternity Row team to a scoreless tie last Tuesday evening and whipped the Bearcats last night by the score of 4-2 with Dewey pitching. Fraternity Row defeated the Theta Chi team last night by the score of 8-2, the same score by which Theta Chi beat the Bearcats last Tuesday. Next Tuesday at 6:30 p.m. on Intramural field, the phems 'will meet Fraternity Row again and The Bearcats will play Theta Chi. The intense rivalry which has developed between the Chem Engineers and the other teams promises to produce some hot games but it is ex- ' pected that the Chem Engineers will come through and win as usual.
judged by Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, of Manilla, former state president of the Indiana Federated Music Clubs; J. Russell Paxton, supervisor of vocal music at Arsenal Technical' High School, Indianapolis, and Frank Sanders, director of Ogalbey Park, Wheeling, W. Va. Baton t-wirlers will be judged by B. A. McAdams, director of instrumental music and band at Jeffer-
son High School, Lafayette, and Roger Lee, Centralia, 111., 1939 winner in the Chicagoland Festival. For the instrumentalists, Joseph M. Ragains, assistant director of music at Purdue, will join with McAdams, and Lee, as judges.
It Pays to Advertise in the
Summer Exponent
Walkuu^ bsL qDDit SXSAjd&SL—
But your date for that all important date will think yon are much smoother if you take her in a cah.
YELLOW CAB CO
3071
PHONES
5023
Safety School
. . . for truck drivers, bus operators, and commercial fleet managers of Indiana and surrounding states will be held here* July 23 and 24. This will be the first annual Commercial Fleet Management Safety School held at the University. It will be under the direction of the Public Safety Institute and the Engineering Extension Department of the University.
Dr. E. 1. Bull
... of the University Farm Management Department will present two lectures on Farm Mortgage Credit before the Life Officers Investment Seminar at Indiana University, July 25 and 26. The lectures by Dr. Butz ■will be part of a series of lectures on “Lending on Real Estate Mortgages.”
dnihe^hiVtchsA
Presbyterian and Congregational Students 9:15—Discussion group at University Presbyterian Church, corner of Grant and North streets. Mr. Thomas •will lead discussion on “The Christian Community.” All are in•vited. 10:15—^Worship service. Dr. Graham preaching, at Central Presbyterian Church, 7th and Columbia, Lafayette. Special music. All are welcome.
It Pay^ to Advertise in the Summer Exponent