4’’ ’"^4, * J 4 J ^ ' t)\ ' ‘,('^'^1 '' ' ' - .'
^‘S* • J 1 !■ ^■*' « . * ' f I I \ 4f. " /■ '< ‘■j J ^ . . >
5N ^
«,
-j -|
.* ■(<
fi.
< '&
4f
r
i
ir
K 1 i
4 ,‘
■^"fS ^
J- i i
*
SThe Pursue TSxpanent
1
Published Bafl3^ by Students of Purdue University
VOlitJME XLVMI
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 18, 1936
Frosh-Varsity Game Indefinitely Postponed
Football Practice Dis’continued; FirM Game Loom$ As Big Problem
Due to the death of Tom McGannon and Carl Dahlbeck, two of Purdue’e finest athletes, all football practice has been stopped for the next few days, and the freshmanvarsity game scheduled for tomorrow has been called off. The game with the newcomers was to be the varsity's only tilt before the Ohio University squad journeyed to Purdue. Ohio was undefeated last year and Kizer hoped to have the Boilermakers in midseason form before bucking up against the Ohio team. As to what will be done about the frosh-varsity battle has not been definitely decided, Definite plans will probably be published in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Convos Bring Artists Here
Six Concerts, Four Lectures Comprise 19361937 Programs
Six concerts and four lectures comprise the series of University convocation programs for 1936-37. The Fiske Jubilee Singers will open the convocations with an evening of entertainment in the Memorial Gymnasium October 6. The musical presentations of this group have won acclaim both in America and Europe for more than fifty years. On November 3, Bohumir Kryl, a musical genius of striking personalia. "WjH bring hia symphony orches tra here iot ^a cohcmt, Kryl’s orchestra, which has been touring for several years, came to the University campus in 1931. Opera Singer Lawrence Tibbett, popular baritone, will sing here on November 26. University students and faculty members who appreciate grand op era will need no introduction to the
singer. Immediately following Christmas vacation, on January 5, Albert Spaulding, violinist, and Harold Bauer, pianist, will appear in a joint concert. The St. Louis Symphony Orchestra, which traveled to the University campus last winter, will return for another concert February 15. The musical season will be closed on March 11 by "The White Hussars”. A. E. Wiggam Albert Edward Wiggam, author and speaker, will open fhe lecture series in October with a talk on “An Ejjucated Man in This Changing World”. "The International Trade Problem” will be discussed by Robert Lincoln O’Brien, chairman of the United States Tariff Commission, on December 17. William Lavarre, who, with his wife, has explored the jungles of Africa and of the Amazon country, will show hand-colored slides of exotic plants, animals, people, and places in connection with a lecture, “Gold, Diamonds, and Orchids,” to be given February 28. The final convocation lecture will be presented April 15, by William McAndrew, "educational democrat”. McAndrew has had many years’ ex pehience in the educational world and is regarded as one of America’s most popular speakers.
WBAA AUDITIONS
Auditions for all students interested in announcing, program production, interpretive and dramatic work, or technical operation will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the mam studios of the University radio station, WBAA, on the third floor of the Electrical Engineering Building, Everyone interested in musical programs should apply directly to Albert P, Stewart, fourth floor Univerv sity Hall. --.A. A. RADKEY.
Receive Many Messages Of
Sympathy
Expressions of sympathy concerning the tragic dressing room fire have been pouring into the University since news of the accident became known. Stacks of telegrams and letters, all extending sympathy to University ofScials and bereaved parents have piled up in the offices of President E. C. Elliott and Coach Noble Kizer. Words of sympathy have been received from all Big Ten football squads, many other football teams and universities as well as college clubs and well known individuals. A typical telegram follows: President E. C. Elliott: All Notre Dame feels for you in the tragedy through which you are passing. Please extend our deepest sympathy to bereaved families. John F. O’Hara, Head of Notre Dame. Word has been received from B O. Springer, president of Indiana University Club, Chicago, 111.; Rear Admiral D. F. Sellers, superintendent of the United States Naval Academy, and Robert M. Gates, Purdue alumnus and vice president of the Superheater Company, New York, among many others.
Name Men’s Glee Club
St«wart Lists Singers; Meet Today
Albert P. Stewart, director of music at the University, announced last night the list of those who were accepted for the Men’s Glee club. Tryouts for all choral groups were held yesterday from 8 till 6 o’clock in the Union Building. Annoimcements of those accepted for other groups will be made later. The Men’s Glee club will hold its first rehearsal this afternoon at 4 o’clock on the fourth floor of University Hall. Accepted List » First tenor: D. Catron, M. Compton, S. Peterson, R. Schlendorf, C. Stewart, D. Bowden, T. Feucht, W. Netherton, C. Hoffman, J. Davis. Second tenor: D. Chandler, J. Moore, 0. Forburger, G. Meginnis, P. Worcester, M. Erickson, W. Rogers, R. Christy, A. Ganier, G. Humfeld, W. Wagner, M. Bouton, M. Campbell, R. Klopfenstein. First bass: C. Cox, R. Glos, R. Ziegler, V. Coddingrton, J. Suliot, J. Brubaker, A. Stewart, F. Franz, H. Larsen, R. Schlundt, J. Gaylord, E. Gross, D. Tam, W. Davis, C, Pierce, R. Deckard, R. Heine. Second bass: J. Beemer, G. Lewis, J. Phillips, W. Work, A. Hayes, R. Dunn, Roy Kohn, R. Green, J. Taylor, F. Ahrens, A. Lahr, R. Hamilton, J. Cochrun, M. Doyle.
Mentors Discuss
Plans For Picnic
At a meeting of transfer mentors yesterday at 4 o’clock in the W. S. G. A. office, plans were formulated for a picnic to be held September 24, at the W. A. A. cabin for all transfer women and their mentors. Those wishing to hike to the cabin will meet at 4:46 at the gym. Transportation lyill be provided for the rest at 6 o’clock.
Club Will Give Dinner For Frosh Tonight At 6
iFrancis Thomas McGanttoh v^as born in Evansville, Indif November 20, 1916. In addition td his father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. L. C. McGannon, he is survived by a sister, Mrs. Dorothy Repphan, of Bloomington, and three brothers, William, Evansville high school student, Brother Mel, C. S. C., of'Central Catholic high school, Fort Wayne, and K. D. McGannon, Davenport, Iowa. Tom entered Reitz Memorial high school, in Evansville, in 1930. During his attendance there he established a remarkable athletic record, including four year’s gridiron experience at halfback position, and participation in varsity baseball, basketball and track.
tember, 1934. tn his freshman year here he won numerals In football# basketball and baseball. He Whs pledged to Phi Kappa social fratormty upon his arrival at Purdue and was initiated into the organization in April, 1936. Last fall Tom established himself as an excellent halfback in acquiring a varsity letter in football and securing a regular position of the University eleven. His performances in the Northwestern and Iowa games were particularly outstanding. In the former contest, his first on the varsity team, Tom played a major part in Purdue’s 7 to 0 vie
During his senior year at Reitz Memorial, Tom captained the basketball squad, was named halfback on the All-State football eleven, and received the Kiwanis dward as being the best all-around player on his high school football te^m. Tom enrolled in the University school of physical education in Sep-
tory by racing 66 yards for a touch down after catching a punt. His interception of a pass and subsequent 50 yard touchdown run against Iowa provided the margin of victory as the Boilermaker squad triumphed, 12 to 6. Tom was awarded a minor letter in track last spring in recognition of his services as a pole vaulter on the track tedm.
Sad Friends Pay Respects To Dahlbeck
Campus Activity Halted For Moment Of Silleuce As Taps Sound
Promptly at 1 o’clock yesterday afternoon all campus activities came to a halt as memorial services for Carl Edward Dahlbeck, first of the University grid stars to die as a result of Saturday’s explosion, were conducted. BuglOrs from the University band
sounded t£ms as dll students and facuTty ifiemWrs^ ifouBTy grtSf^strickto
Roger Williams club, of the West Lafayette Baptist chproh, invites the Baptist freshmen to an informal pinner served ip their honor in the church basement tonight at 6 o’clock. The church, of which Joseph Raird Gleason is pastor, is located at the corner of Main and Columbia
Streets, West Lafayette.
because of the death of Thomas McGannon, observed a moment of silence. Memorial services at St. John’s Episcopal church were held at this time simultaneously with the actual funeral services at Dahlbeck’s home in Lyndonville, Vermont. In attendance were membeifs of the University football team, members of Dahlbeck’s fraternity. Kappa Sigma, coaches, and many friends of the star varsity guard. Representatives of several Big Ten colleges were also present.
She Couldn H Talk But WsAll Right
"Wanta date?” A number of names are being compiled in the W. S. G. A. dating bureau for tomorrow night, but as yet, no dates have been definitely arranged. “Step right up, folks, there is still time.” One prominent ed says, “I did it for an experience and I had fun. I couldn’t understand what the gal said, but that’s all right.” Another young man who has been up until this time definitely opposed to the Purdue women reports that he already has a date with his "date bureau find” for the Chicago game. Ninety-two dates were arranged for last Saturday night and six to twelve every night since. One promising young co-ed has been in every day and even a few of the more prominent Greek women have indulged. The bureau will be (^en from 3 until 4:30 duripg the week and from 9 until 4:30 on Saturday.
Whitmore To Address AChS At Initial Meeting
Dr. F. C. Whitmore, dean of chemistry and physics at Penn,State College, will speak at the opening meeting of the American Chemical Society Monday afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemical Building. His subject will be "^Poly merization”, A luncheon in honor of Deah Whitmore will be held in the Memo rial Union Building prior to the meeting at 12:16 o’clock. Reserva tions for the luncheon can be made through C. L. Shrewsbury ip the Ag Experimental Station Building at 60, cents per plate. All reservations must be in by 12 o’clock tomorrow. >
EXPONENT STAFF
The entire Exponent staff will meet Sunday, September 20, at 2 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. All sophomores who desire to work this year must be present. Freshman candidates are also asked to be in attendance. —MORRIS.
MDlfiBSlK.ir naaasasssmh
Tom McGannon Loses VaUant Fight For Life
Family At Bedside At Time Of Death; Body Taken To Home in Evansville Fde Mayrdees
Tragedy engulfed the University camiiilp e&dy yesterday for the second time since the disastrous ahhwer yooin fire at Ross Camp, when Francis Thomas McGamum sliccombed to
toxemia at St. Elizabeth hospital.
The brilliant halfback’s father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. L.
C. McGannon, EvansviHe, Ind.^
Other Players
Improving
Jim Maloney, sophomore lineman who was burned in the tragic dressing room fire Saturday, was dismissed from St. Elizabeth hospital yesterday morning. He is definitely out of danger but his feet are still tender. Lowell Decker, fullback, was reported improved by hospital attendants last night as was Pat Malaska. Neither player has developed complications similar to those which claimed the lives of Carl Dahlbeck and Tom McGannOn. Both boys improved throughout the day, although'they still are being Watched carefully for signs of
complications-^,T
Marauder Steals $90 From. Thetas; Clues Lacking
Fotoprints in the mud around the Theta house ... or a footprint to be inn«eN(S!m#c4« ^.muy^Iead to.tiie apprehension of the robber (or robbers) who ransacked the sorority girls’ rooms during the early morning hours yesterday and made away with about $90 in cash. Thetas disagree with the West Lafayette police force in the matter of the footprint. They are inclined to believe it was made by Harry Hughes who was known to step from a car at that spot the night before. No Finger Prints No finger prints were found although Betty Barnett remembered too late that she had accidentally destroyed one on the lamp shade in her room. Purses, which were found strewn over the floor downstairs were scanned for prints but none were found. The only clew was a downstairs window which had been forced open. But the Thetas again wrecked the reasoning of the police by claiming it might have been left open by Jim Seward in his late retreat the night before. Pins and watches were left untouched, only cash was taken. The third floor dorm was unmolested, which proves, according to the Thetas, that the robber (or robbers) knew the house fairly well. The amounts of money taken ranged downward from $60 to 20 cents.
¥? 1 "Hh rrosn Jtlance Free Tonight
Bud Bryant’s 12 Piece Band To Furnish Music For Tag Affair
In the Union ballroom tonight, the freshmen will have their annual catch as catch can tag dauce. Dapcing will begin at 9. A change has been flowing all University co-eds to attend. Bud Bryant and his 12 piece orchesti^a will render the music for the affair. All freshman men and University co-eds are invited to attend with the men only needing their schedule cards for admittance. The sponsors of this dance, Skull and Crescent, urge all invited persons to attend for the opportunity to meet other members of their class. Dates are not necessary.
three brothers, said & sister prayed at his bedside. Coach Noble Kker, Don Ping, McGannon’s high school coach from Evansville, the entire coqching staff, members of his £nir temity and most of the foofltell
Coach Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics at the University, was too overcome by grief to issue a statement regarding the death of McGannon. Kizer has felt the loss of both McGaxbnon and Dahlbeck very keenly and has spent most of the last few days at St. Elizabeth’s hospital, where the players were confined, and with McGannon’s family.
Frosh Journsdists Meet Exponeift Staff This Sunday
Green Potters Will Organize Later
Inasmuch as the freshman-varsity game was called off because of the tragic deaths of Carl Dahlbeck and Tom McGs^op, the mass meeting last night of Green Potters to make preparations for the annual snake dance was ali^o postponed. Under the supervision of SkuU and Crescent, Green Potters will meet in the tnear future to elect officers apd organize the freshpien.
W.H.Fifield Chosen Wor Sports Editor
W, H. Fifield# a junior in the school of public service engineering, ^s chosen as associate sports editor of the Exponent at a meeting of the electoral board yesterday afternoon. He will fill the vacancy caused by the withdrawal of Don Wilson from the University.
All freshmen who are interested in any phase of journalistic work, editorial, business, or circulation are requested to attend the meeting of the Exponent staff Sunday at 2 p. m., in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Those who desire to work on the paper will be given an opportunity to sign up. No previous experience is necessary for positions on any of the staffs. Editorial Staff Students may work on the editorial staff of the Exponent for two years, in which they have a chance to prove their worth. At the end of the second year, elections are held in which five associate editors are chosen, and from these men are selected the editor-in-chief and the managing editor. The sports staff covers all sports news of national and c^pus interest. Elections at the end of’the second year provide for the selection of three junior sports editors, from whom the sports editor is chosen at the end of the next year. Business The business staff tenfls to the advertising and circulation of the paper. Two advertising managers and a cu'culation manager are chosen from the sophomores, and one of these men becomes the business manager. The co-eds have a staff of their own. Three junior co-ed editors are chosen at the end of the second year, and one of these is later eleeted co-ed
editor.
Work on the Exponent does a lot to develop personality and responsibility in the worker, besides leading to positions tikat have prestige on the oapnpus.
squad stood in g^rief-stricken silence in the hall just outside the door to his room. Death came at 5:16 a. m., minute after he lost uacons^Bona* ness. He started weakening nt m. when toxemia began to l^e dfect. He was given a $eeond| *^14004 transfusion at 8:30 p. m. day. Dick Coffee, Phi Elappa, a firaternity brother, donated the blood. The transfusion was necessa^ to stop the flow of blood which woldd not coagulate. Jt was jaoti however, this bleeding condition wl^ bansed his death. — Doctors haChelieveitj^ dang^ of toxemia to be passed 48 hours after the burps were inflicted. Hower, they were on the alert for its
Lafayette, Indiana September 17, 1936 Mr. and Mrs. L. C. McGannon, 613 Harlan Avenne, Evansville, Indiana The tragic death of Tommy has plunged the entire University into deepest grief . Onbetettfof trustees, faculty and students we express to you and yours our heartfelt sympathy during these hours of darkest sorrow. (Signed) Edward C. EUiett. President of Purdue University.
appearance as it alwayn is to be N feared in treating cases of severe boms. Shock was also a contributing factor to his death. Blood for the first transfusion, given at 10 p. m. Tuesday, was donated by Jack Kent, anotW fraternity brother. * This transfusion resulted in beneficial effects. The flow of blood was stopped at 1 a. m. Wednesday until noon the same day when It began again, although not so great as 'be-
fore.
Tom’s body was viewed at the Vianco Funeral Home, 643 Fenq? Street, from 3 until 10 p. m. yesterday, when it was driven to Evans-
ville.
Coach Kizer and University officials accompanied the body on the
trip.
Funeral services probably wiff be conducted at the residence in Evan^ ville Monday morning. Preparations are being made tit cmsdneb memorial services here, similiKr la those for Carl Dahlbeck Ir^yesliprday, at the same time as Ibe ices in Evansville.
Freshman Suffers Severe Bums
Bedton H. Bnnne, freshman hr the forWt^y school living at 603 green St., was serionrly horned yeaterday when he‘sl»|gmd inla a pan of bmling water which he was natmg to remove wall paperHe suffered third degree burns on bis right foot and ankle and wffi hg confined at home far several daya«'
5f
?
f f *
't i i km
idmiHiliill
mm'■I'^i'j ty v'j .i\' if ,,M\ \^'ir\“ ’^''■''i / \ ^ * V >
i> ,
1hyi» Ti»»
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
:/M « >-.4 , i I ^ ( I ^ ^ V Friday, September 18> 1936
F ’>V
Tom McGannon A man loved by all who knew him passed on yester«b»y mornini?, the second victim of the tragedy that ilnidk enddeiily last week. With two more years of competition ahead of him he was potential All-Ameri-can material, het his honors were not confined to the gridiron. Despite his fame resulting from his great playing, he did not have even the vestige of a “swelled head.” He was clear headed in both thought and action, highly respected by his fraternity brothers for the common sense he always displayed. Tom will always live in the hearts of true Boilermakers. His memory will serve as an inspiration not only to the team he served so well but also to the school for which he had so much loyalty and which had so much admiration for him.
The Road Is Cleared F or Action Constitutional barriers in the path of future action of the Student Senate were minimized Wednesday evening, when an official check of the ballots cast at the Senate polls during registration indicated that more than the two-thirds vote of affirmation by the students voting required for passing the proposal facilitating the amending of the constitution of the Student Federation had been given. The Senate now possesses authority to discard the constitution "within its o"wn councils and draft an entirely new document. It may decide merely to amend the constitution. Whatever procedure is taken, the opportunity for making a number of creditable improvements to the recently adopted, yet obsolete by-laws of the Federation is now presented; one of the first questions to be settled is what restrictions the Senate shall impose upon itself in making future changes in the constitution. The Senate is now confronted with the drafting of a clause pro'viding for adequate representation of freshman engineers in its meetings. Perhaps the constitution committee "will decide to allow freshman representatives to sit in at meetings and to do certain minor tasks, but give them no voice in decisions of the organization. Again, the section of the present constitution defining the eligibility of members of the Senate is unclear; ' at least it was interpreted differently by campus leaders during the past semester. A standard method for conducting meetings at which nominations for Senate positions are made should also be established. —R. P. M.
Prelude To War The next war will be fought between Germany and Russia. They both say so, in any event. And already the campaign has begun to win support or sympathy from the other nations. The most important neutrals and the ones on which to work are the United States and Great Britain, in the opinion of both of the “belligerents.” Apparently follo"wing the advice of Danton, the greatest leader of the French revolution: “Audicity, more audacity, always audacity,” Hitler and his Nazis began their clever campaign at their recent party convention. They are attempting to appeal to the great moral feelings and a sense of fairness, which seem to be so important to the American and the British. By the deprival of colonies and other resources, Germany is being penalized for losing the World War, a confiict which she did not want and did not start. These penalties were inflicted when the nations believed in the guilt of the Germans. Their beliefs, however, have now changed. So runs the appeal of the Nazis to the sense of fairness. The Nazis are “smooth.” They do not stop here. They make further appeals to race feeling, class feeling, economic interests, and the desire for peace. They have declared a war on Jews. By this they seek the support of the anti-Semites in all countries. They have declared war against the Communists. By this they seek the sympathy of the middle class, the rich, and those who possess property. Clever ? Yes, in a way. But some of the campaign moves and the way in which they are carried out $urttue exponent Founded in 1^83
£936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST Monber of National CoUege Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association Exelusivdir Bepresented by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.S0 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Business Phone 5038
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOBIAL STAFF Bdltor-in-Chief., W. T, Hunt Managing Editor..- E. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock. A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Bports Bditor........» L. D. Wood Associate Spopts Editors W. H. Pifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F.- Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Managfr. — B. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _..L. H. Brown Local Advertising Manager D. C, Miller Oireulation Manager......A j. p, Girard
WOMEN'S STAFF Editor. — — Helen Creech Advertising Manager. Betty Barnett Alwoeiate Editors- Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
hatdly meet with the approval of the clear-thinking and level-headed. Perhaps, in the end, Herr Hitler and his Nazis are doing themselves more harm than good. Time, no doubt, will tell.—^Daily Illini.
Rea4ers* Opinions The exponent toeUomet comments of good taste end reasonahle length from Its readers.
What About Those PIA Cards? To the Editor: The Exponent has announced in its platform for the year that it will endeavor to break up all campus politics. The action seems very commendable, but in taking this step, the Exponent is placing itself in a very difficult position if it is to remain non-partisan. For example, on the front page of yesterday morning’s paper appeared several very bold statements regarding political issues of the recent Student Senate election. In making these statements, the Exponent has made it appear that the Purdue Independent Association has been the victim of a great injustice incurred on them by fraternity men in general; however, if an injustice has been done, it was not through the efforts of an organization of fraternity men, but through those of an “ambitious” few. The Exponent is undoubtedly to be commended upon its exposure of political movements of select groups; however, it should not be overlooked that the Purdue Independent Association also has violated the rules set up by the Student Senate regarding campus elections by sending out hundreds of cards urging the support of their candidates for the Senate election. Not only have they violated election rules, but also their leaders have indicated that they intend to promote a dictatorial policy and establish themselves as a political machine. This is exemplified by the following copy of the cards sent out recently by the P. I. A. dictating to the independent student, the candidates who would support their political interests. 9-2-36 Dear Mr. , The (class) (school) Independent Candidate for Student Senate is (name). The elections are to be held during registration. Your support will be greatly appreciated. Yours Very Respectfully, The Purdue Independent Association. The purpose of this article is not to maliciously or destructively attack the policies of the Exponent in regard to campus politics, but rather to emphasize the necessity of non-discrimination. E. F. Akers and C. M, Hardin.
Editor’s Note: P. I. A. officials have a very good defense for their action. Last spring Franklin Stone, then Senate president, said that it was legal for P. I. A. to “remind” members who the organization’s candidates were. It appears that Stone was entirely wrong in giving such advice, but P. I. A. cannot be duly condemned for an action which supposedly bore the stamp of approval of the Senate. As regards yesterday’s exposure, I believe that the Exponent took especial pains to point out that the whole plot was the result of the work of only a very few men.
Opinioii
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column» Such opinions are solely those of the writer*
Think before you act my dear children ... S. A. A. BOB BURKS is now a member of the famous “Sack Holder’s Cluib”—^his Triangle pin has been returned to him by a certain school marm—^further proof that pin pushing doesn’t pay ... a now romance has been gradually budding in that FLOYD ANSLER ‘has been seen frequently with pret ty MARTHA SMITH on his arm .. since GRIMM has a pin and is put away on the well kno"wn shelf and MIELKE isn’t coming back to school it is up to Chi O THEISS to uphold the ! ?&% ( ” ?! raising for dear sorority—she is without this year— without a pin . . . JEAN DARROUGH has resigned from active school duty and will get the rest of her college education as a week-end student under the direct supervision of GLENN FEARHEIGHLY . . . GEORGE CLAYPOLE, the Sig’s great lover, has decided to let the women alone this year and concentrate upon his UNION work—^what will the poor co-eds do—^will this n^w resolution last very long ? ? ? ? Never worry or care For little girl you can wear, Any old dress you’ve got Who cares if it’s chic or not But hurry up and get ready!!! NICK IBELLURY and JUDY JONES have been seeing an awful lot of each other lately and there has been no pin announcement— yet—is NICK slow or is JUDY.different from the rest of the co-eds? . the Pi Phi& tried to defy all traditions “Wednesday when they invited two prospective rushees in for lunch—it was quite a gala occasion and all had a good time—^the prospects would not pledge because the members were not hospitable enough to show them the whole house—^names tomorrow... ELLEN GRAY is the proud possessor of an automobile at the present time, but why should that be a good reason to go around with one’s nose about a half-mile up in the air? . . . MARY ELLEN FORESMAN, frosh from Indianapolis, can’t decide which men she don’t lifeeL_the best—she seems to be in a fog—^she says that there are too many men here for reality . .. your editor wonders how the romance concerning TED BREWER and DOROTHEA JUSTIN is progressing—she wears a Beta pin and says that it is her cousins—we wonder ??????
The New Deal Falls Down This three-year-old New Deal that is supposed to be so socialistic has fallen down in at least one program—housing. This might be attributed to its failure to be socialistic enough, or perhaps to its lack of practical business ability. The Republicans will probably lay it to the latter, the Socialists to the former, and the New Deal itself to the weather or something. In several cities and elsewhere the federal government has built model villages or has tried to alleviate the terrible slum conditions by replacement with proper buildings. The fact overlooked is that, in order to make the investments paying ones, the rents or purchase payments would perforce be too high for the tenants to pay with their meager salaries or relief money. Thus many dispossess notices have been filed and the residents of such places have been moved to protest violently. If the New Deal were really socialistic it would not ask that the tenants pay off the entire indebtedness; they would be given their homes, or else asked to pay only a fraction of the cost. The Republicans would here say that no real government would have entered into such a problem so impractically; therefore, since the Democrats have failed, let us have a try. There seems to be little doubt that the solution as offered by the New Deal is mostly impractical, at least at the present time. Those who needed better homes do not have any homes now or are staggering under huge debts. Of feourse, there are exceptions, and the government undoubtedly helped some of the would-be small home owners who had steady salaries but no working capital. It might even be that the good overbalances the evil, but I doubt it.
STALLINGS and MARTENET claim that they didn’t go wading on their picnic last Tuesday night but MARTENET had a cold the next day—dra'w your own conclusions my public . .. the full name of a certain Phi Psi is Ralph OLIVER Bauer—he doesn’t approve of all of it . . . Knock Knock!!! Who’s there ? ? ? Juno!!! Jimo who ? ? ? Juno that you have to get your Knock Knocks in by tomorrow in order to get the Douible-Mars-Pass awarded each week for the best Knock Knock . ..
College athletics should not be the major objective of educational institutions.—Dr. Harry W. Chase.
The idea of racial purity has no basis in biology, anthropology, or sociology.—John H. Holmes.
it is not enough to be busy; so are the ants. The question is, what are we busy about?.—^Thoreau.
Exponent Platform
1. Establish student SELF-govemmeiit. 2. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Eliminate all campus politics.
Semester Starts; Students Study After the rigamarole of registration and orientation, classes opened yesterday at the University to start the fall term off in earnest.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By'Lichty
Ifollow “Grin and Bear It*’ daily in th^ Exponent.
“Calling all cars—^wake up—it is morning.**
Despite the gloom that hung over the campus on account of the deaths of two popular football players, and the threat which they involve to Purdue’s football hopes this season, instructors issued orders for the purchase of textbooks and preparations of assignments. Purchases Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the other book stores were scenes of fevered activity, as hundreds of students snatched up last minute bargains in used text books and assembled other paraphernalia necessary to a complete education. Wednesday evening theaters and tap rooms in town were crowded with students getting a last minute bit of recreation before the grim realities of classwork descended upon them. No More Fun Yesterday morning faces showe^ that students, if not prepared ror the tasks that were going to be thrust upon them, at least realized that their summer of fun was over at last. In the next few days the semester ■will have been completely launched, moments of enjoyment will be planned ahead of time, and serious study will begin.
solo flight from the University airport Tuesday. He received his instructions from Captain L. I. Aretz, University airport manager, and flew the port’s Taylor-Cub trainer. He is the son of Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Fowler, of 909 South St.
Lafayette Youth Solos After 8 Hours Of Lessons After only eight hours and ten minutes of preliminary instruction, Joseph Campbell Fowler, a student at Cornell University, made his first
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 p. m. INTERMEDIATE Thurs., Oct. 1, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED Friday, Oct. 2, 6:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Saturday, Sept. 26
ALLEN'S
Phone 2160 6th & Ferry
Complete supplies for all art courses offered in the University. There is nothing we do not carry!
SPUTHWOBTE'S
MARS Today - Saturday
THE FLEET'S IN..V.
BUT WHEN HE FEU IN LOVE THE WHOU NAVY TRIED TO HELP!
LEW AYRES MARY CARLISLE LARRY CRABBE BENNY BAKER GRANT WITHERS •—Extra— Ken Murray in "THE OILt BIRD" VaudevilloReel
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginner’s Wed., Sept. 23, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Fri., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m. Finest Ballroom in Indiana, remodeled and newly decorated.
ALLEN'S
Phone 2150 6 th & Ferry
FAMILY Today - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE James Cagney Loretta Young IN ‘‘TAXI”
—^plus— G-MEN or THE GKEbT OUTDOORS!
OP THE ROYAL
LUNA Today - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE.
STRAIGHT SHOULDER
FROM
THE
' ^.f" >
\ X/
r
? -t Ji,
l^'f
Friday, September 18,1&S6
THE HUKBUE EXPONENT
ml.^j
T
I field I « ♦ « ♦
Ider’s....
choice
Qy Bob Walpole—ii^
Not much we can say ... this staff again sends its deepest sympathy to the^cGannon family ... a mighty fine boy that Purdue is proud of... one who will be remembered through the years to come as a lighter who died a BOILERMAKER. —^fc— Tlie football practice field seemed to hold the gloom as did the entire campus yesterday .. . every student feels the loss, and Coach Noble Kizer, his associate coaches, and the
team are faced with a difficult problem ... it is up to them to show the true Boilermaker spirit and fight for Carl and Tommy,.. —^fc— Jim Maloney is up and out of thehospital ... that, of course, is good mews, but everyone keep pulling for Decker and Malaska....
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE W. L. New York. 97 St. Lonio .. 82 Chicago 82 Pittsbnra^i „ „ . ... .79 Cincinnati 71 Boston - . 64 Brooklyn 62
Philadelphia
60
Pet. .604 .569 .566 .641 .490 .461 .431 .347
SEPTEMBER ONLY! Rytex Double Check PRINTED STATIONERY Double the regular quantity!
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
or
100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$
QUALITY!
QUANTITY!
With Printing on Sheets and Envelopes . . . smart new Monogram or Name and Address styles. Fine quality paper with a smooth writing surface . . . Blue, Ivory, Green or Orchid Double Check.
CHECK AND DOUBLE CHECK! ... on this outstanding printed stationery value . . . buy boxes and boxes for yourself . . . for schoolward bound friends ... for Christmas gifts!
HAYWOOD'S
5th & Ferry
RETAIL DEPARTMENT
Lafayette
NaWYork. .
Chicago
Waahington Detroit. . Cleveland. ~
Bost<Hi
St. Lonis PkUadelphla.
JiMERlCAN LEAGUE
W.
98 77 77
v78 -78
72 62 49
L. 48 66 67 68 69 74 92 97
Pet. .671 .638 .536 .634 .531 .493 .361 .336
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
New York, 17; Brooklyn, 3. Pittsbnrgh, 14; Cincinnati, 10.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
St. Lonis, 6; Chicago, 2. Detndt, 6; Cleveland, 2.
TODAY’S GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Philadriphia at Boston. Cincinnati at Pittsburgh. St. Louis at Chicago.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Chicago at St. Lonis. Cleveland at Detroit. Boston at Philaddpliia. Washington at New York.
Ward SoftbaU
Begins Sept. 28 Ward playground ball will begin Monday, September 28. The first two days will be given over to practice games. Anyone interested in a umrd manager position should report to the intramural office within the nejrt few days. Sophomore independents that desire to be intramural manager are expected to turn out immediately.
Alpha Zcia To Kceefvo \ Ag FroshNestThutsdiqr Frcsbmcn in ^ ag win Ini the guests of Aliffia Zeta, ag honorary, at a recefition in the livestock judging pavilion nest Thursday, September 24. The reception, formerly sponsored by the Ag Society, win feature stunts by each chib. RefreshmeBts win be served. The program wOl start at 7:30 o^eloek.
SEARS
Celebrates 50 Years of Progress With This Nation-Wide Borgoiit EYeiit
MEN'S FINE QUALITY suEde jackets
Regular $6.59 Anniversary Special
*5
•87
lusl the jacket for sports and school wear. Made from the choicest skins by one of the country's leadiiig tanners. Cocoa brown shade. Full 27 inch length. Half wool knit collar, cuffs and waist band. Full cut. Sixes 34 to 48. Others at $8.89
ROOMY, WELL CUT SHIRTS and SHORTS
Regular 19c 14 c
Anniversary
Special
A price like this on good quality shirts and shorts says "Action"! Roomy, full sixed fancy pattern broadcloth shorts with 3button yoke, elastic sides, and comfortable panel seat. Sixeis 30 to 42. Full sixed white cotton shirts with tubular neck and armholes. Sixes 34 to 44.
Others at 30c
"POSTS" QUALITY DRAWING EQUIPMENT THAT MEET THE UNIVERSITY REQUIREMENTS FOR THE YEAR 1936-1937 "PRIMO" 630 DRAWING SET DROP PEN FOR ADVANCE DRAWING Special Student's Slide Rule for Chemistry Dept. Beginners $1.19 Drawing Board, Not Laminated, 20"x26" $1.00 5" 45° Style "A" Braddock Lettering Triangle.-89c 10'30°-60° Celluloid Triangle, .08" thick .59c No. 6 Celluloid Irregular Curve, .06" thick 39c Drawing Pencils, Venus—F, 2H, 4H, 6H, each....9c "Ruby" Pencil Eraser 1.5e "Pink Pearl" or Carnation Eraser.. 5c Thumb Tacks, one-piece; Post No.^2370 13c 10 Yd. Roll Scotch Drafting Tape 25e Keco Ink, bottle 25c 24" Celluloid T-Square $1.39 Pens—Holders 2 for 5c Hunt No. 512 Pens; Leonard! No. 516EF Pens; Gillott No. 404 Pens Erasing Shield; Post No. 2960 12c
Men's 100% Waterproof
SHOP CAPS 19c
Gabardine
Black or Gray
111.
RAIN COATS
LEATHER GLOVES
$2.98
With Leather Cuffs
Plaid Lining, Full Belt
45e
HEAVY QUALITY COVERALLS Blue or Hickory Stripe Full Cut Triple Stitched
9; SEARS. ROEBUCK AND CO. Hg
3rd and South Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4039
>1
Try GROWN CLEANING SERVICE
once and learn why more Purdue students depend on Crown
DRY CLEANING
HAT BLOCKING
CROWN LAUNDRY Fine Cleaners of Fine Clothes
M v!
K ""i Ys'Viii#*
^ 'l,ill
’ '" /« ) ,’’’■''(/ “> ' f?^fV‘*''’^ '} ^,'i\/f';
THE PUBPUE EXPOMEMj
;i--:^;.v
, „ .}ii. Friday^ SeptfemWt. 18^ 108^ ^
1Pl?Pt3WRITERS—ADDING MACatNES, bought, sold, rented and t^l^ired. Supplies for all inachines. C. P. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Wanted — Girl Musicians — For mixed campus mrchestra. Call Schilling, 6057.
For Rent —Nicely furnished rooms and good board for grirls at 211 Chauncey Avenue. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
Piano Tuning—25 ymrs experience on good pianos. Cali today 6289 for appointment. H. E. Clingenpeel.
Garage—^Twp dollars per month, 463 Maple. Phone 46631.,
Wanted—(Boys to play in mixed Campus orchestra. Call Schilling, 6057.
Wanted—Trumpets, piano, drums for dance band. Call 46142 after 6 p. m.
10:80 a. n. Sunday.
-MBNNEN.
Jnntnr lliUCkty Stodento—FollowinB Juntor militaqr studentB report to Dr. Bliller today: H. W. Arnold, G. H. AltKerr, H. B. Antrim, D. D. Baals, L. R. Bears^ O. B. Brewer, W. H. Barry, J. H. Banker, R. J. Ck>ttee, J. P. Dillon, R. B. Fitts, A. K. Fisher, A. A. Glade, R. P. Griftenhagen, D. J, Goodman, H. E. Grieger, C, S. Howe, R. Isenbarger, R. D. Jackson,. B. O. Kingsbury, 0. M. Blartln, C. D, Moir, J. R. Murray, W, C. Musham, A K. Nesbitt, H. J. O’Neill, G. Poehlman, W. E. Perir, R. E. Pape, W. B. Reed, J. W. Reichart, R. J. Reifers, C. G. Roessler, A T.'Rollins, M. M. Ross, H. N. Sherburne, W. H. Shearlor, F. H. Secord, A. F. Selke, G. E. Simonton, G. P, Springman, M. L. Underwood, C. O. Weisenbach, M. T. Wakefield, T. C. Wilson, W- E. Wilhelm, R. E. Wiltshire, B. N., Wright —HAYFORD.
^WCA Entertains New Co-eds At Tea
Presbyterian Freshmen—All are invited to a banquet at the Central Presbyterian church, 7th and Columbia Sts., tonight at_6 o’clock. A program of entertainment will follow. —SADI.ER.
Presbyterian Upperclassmen—All are invited to a party and dance at Central Presbyterian church tonight at 8 o’clock. —SADLER.
Anotber One
Fraternities—Submit pledges lists to ExpMient n'oMater than Sunday, September 20'. Leave in Union box. —MORRIS.
Freshmen:—^The Purdue Christian Foundation is giving a dinner in your honor Friday, Sept. 18, at € o’clock. The dinner will be held in the basement of the First Christian church. Sixth and North Streets, in LiUfay. ette. —BREWER.
Y. W. C. A. Commitiees—The following Y. W. C. A. committees meet at 4 p. m. in the Y. W. C. A, office on the days designated next week: Monday : Cary Home, Settlement House, membership; Tuesday: outdoor, literature; Thursday: personal relations, music; Friday: philosophy and religion, publicity. - —WOOD.
Reamer Club—^Meeting tonight at 8 in the peasant room of Union Building. AH members are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
Newman Club—rMeet at 4 Sept. 18 in peasant room in Union. All. officers and those who wish to work on freshman reception please come. —CARTON.
Gimlet—Meeting at 7. Sept. 18 in Union. —HODGDON.
DeMolay—Obligatory Day Sunday. Special service being arranged for Lafayette chapter at West Side Baptist by Rev. J. B. Gleason. All DeMolay students welcome. Meet opposite church at ’ Morton school at
“Knock! Knock!” “Who’s there?” ^‘Frieda.” “Frieda who?” “Frieda^—^well, Exponent subscriptions are not exactly free, but they cost only $2.60 a year by carrier and $3.60 by mail. That’s practically free. .And remember that use of the notice column of the Exponent is free to all campus organizations and University officials and that every student is responsible for the notices published therein. All Exponent readers are free to write comments to the editor. Letters of good taste and reasonable length will be published under “Reader’s Opinion.” Order your subscription now at Deiac’s, Southworth’s, the Union desk, or from some member of the Exponent staff.
Crop Field Day Next Tuesday At Farm
All phases of corn and soy bean production will be demonstrated at the field day meeting on the University farm on state road 26 east of the city next Tuesday. Several hundred farmers are expected to attend the program which begins at 9 o’clock. Seed corn selection and storage will be the afternoon topic. Results of experimental work dealing with rate, distance and time of planting Will be displayed.
Freshman and transfer c6-eds were the guests of the Y. W. C. A: group at a tea given yesterday at 4 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union^uilding. This was one of several affairs being held on the campus in order to further con-
co-eds. As a result of invitations' which were given to each do-ed as registration a large number of girls were present. New co-eds had the Opportunity to ‘ meet the officers of the organization as well as many of the members.
News Of Local il^men’s Onbs ; . By Sally McKee The Exponent expdets to print this column every Friday with notices of the meetings of local women’s clubs. Any club that wishes to have a notice of its meetings printed should notify: Helen Creech, co-ed editor of the Exponent, by mail, by the Thursday before the meeting,
The Fortnightly club’s picnic that was to have been held at Professor Jordan’s cottage on Lake Freeman tomorrow has been postponed because of the death of Professor Bartlett, who Was a member of the club. The officers of the club for the year are president. Prof. William Aikenhead, and secretary, Mrs. C. S. Doan.
“The. Minerva,” New Harmony, Indiana, was the first women’s club with a written constitution in America. This bit of information comes from the September issue of the Na--tional Geographic, in the article on Indiana. The club was formed in 1859 at New^ Harmony. Its original papers are still there in the “Old Fauntleroy Home,” owned now by the Indiana Federation of Women’s clubs.
Hazard; vice president, Mrs. Keller Reesoni '^cFe^ifi^ ■'^treadiBifi^ Mrs. J. C. Allen.
The West Lafayette Heading club will meet for the first time this fall at a luncheon at the home of Mi's. Henry Aljbett, 421 Robinson Street, Wednesday at 1 o’clock, After the luncheon, Mrs. Harfy Rubenkoenig will tell the gathering of her trip to Texas and the centennial this sum'
Gone With the Wind Is the latest overwhelming favorite in the book world. A story of a Georgia plantation and the city of Atlanta during the Civil War and the next several irears, it is well worth the time: its one thousand odd pages take to read.
inventories Tell Co-eds* Goodf Bad Traits
Now is the time for all co-eds to take inventory of their good and bad traits in order to become a more
The Kensington club will be entertained this afternoon at 2 o’clock at the home of Mrs. C. T. Hazard, 344 Northwestern Avenue. Each member will contribute to the program with a description of how she spent her summer. The officers for the coming year are; president, Mrs.
Yes, Sir ! By buying used books instead of new, and by trading in last year’s old texts on new books, Southworth’s can save you up to $10 this semester alone!
popular co-cd. Do you know what makes a girl popular with the“eds!!^? In order to aid you in yoUr inventory, here is a huihmary b:^ bbyb like and dislike ih girlsi. These friebdly tips were taken from tjbe Sub-Deb page of the August Ladies’ Home Joiirnal. The author, Elizabeth Woodward, wrote to dozens of young men to get their opinions. Here thiy are ; These young men dislike girls Who
pluclk their eyebrows to shadow^S and , who are walkiiig paint factories.' ^ They dislike the burden of carrying edmpacts, hankies, lipsticks, and pocket combs; they don’t likef inaphfbpriate. tithes' or'Visibih'ah^^ straps and slip|. They frown upon , girls who talk much; are unnatural and affected, who insist on expensive entertaining, who-are Mte; and who leave all the entertaining to^
the escort. '
yourlaiiiK^ worries
2
8WIPTLY -- SAFELY — £C0
,1'
% tttsJlcUtwa^ SiCfAMsItouis
Let that dependable college pal, Railway Bxpreu, pick up and ship your laundry home and back for you every week. You will find it glossy goingeasy, fast, inexpensive. Merely notify the folks you will send the package by Railway Express, and ask them to return it the same way. You can send it collect too, you know, and while on that subject, 'we can add, only by Railway Express. The folks will understand. It naves keei^g accounts, paying bills, to say notking of spare change. You’ll find the idea economical all round. The minimum rate is low — only 38 cents — sometimes less. Pick-up and delivery by motor vehicle and insurance included in the shipping charge. It*8 the same with shipping baggage or anything else by Railway Express. So arrange your shipping dates by phone call to the Railway Express agent, aiU start now.
9 So. Second St. ’Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
SOUTHWORTH'S
AlGcBNCX, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
1 ‘ ’
HAYWOOD’S
ESTABLISHED 1826
FLASH!
MANY STUDENTS ARE SAVING HERE AS MUCH AS $5.00 OR MORE ON THEIt FUHCHASE OF DRAWING SETS AND SUPFLIES
DIETZGEN'S CHAMPION No. 1037-C
’DIETZGEN'S FEDERAL No. 1047-C
Senuine K & E Log-Log, Trig, Decitrig Slide ^les. Form Loose-Leaf Books, Student Desks
We liave in stock all the lollowing approved Drawing Instruments:
Dietzgen "Federal" 1047C Dietzgen "Champion" 1037C Dietzgen "Professional" 968AK Kei^fel & Esser "Anvil" N996C Keuffel & Esser "Arrow" El 086 Keuffel & Esser "Pharos" 686 Post "Prlnio" 630 Post "University" 1035A U. S. Blue—"U. S. Blue" 888 U. S. Blue—"U. S." Blue 1006 U. S. Hue—"U. S. flue" 626
Oujc prices anediie same to 4ue Studeot and we do not m^e substitution of inferior or -unapprov^ arttdes.
A fine Leather Comer Desk Pad and Blotter With Your Drawing Set Purchase
Boards, T-Squares, Scflc^/ Locks, Triangles, Curves All Our Drawipg Instriiments and Supplies Are on the Approved List
Come Over and See Ibis Store. Our Xpw Prices on Everything Will Surprise You. Buy Drawing Instruments and Supplies from Responsible and Established Dealers Only. l*40TtCE: This Storo Is Opf u Nights Uittil 9iQ0 f i M.# Tk»M Assignment
Feriod
A/i our Slide Rules are irand new, this Year*s Stock. No used or shopworn Slide Rules are sold by us. Your name stamped in genuine gold letters. FREE.
-11
V.-l
I