THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Rain to--day, followed by much cooler. Tomorrow, rain and cloudy.
Purdue Exponent
miDAY
NoveiKJi>«r 4,1^38 tcrfoyette, Endicma
Vol. 50
No, 45
Political Leaders Discuss
Party Platforms In Forum
Coupon Deadline For Indiana Game
Tomorrow Noon
Platforms of the four major politipal parties were aired last night in Fowler Hall as representatives from the Communist, Democratic, Republican, and Socialist parties spoke at the first open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance. Following the presentation of platforms, the meeting turned to open forum. Dean R. G. Dukes, dean of the ^ l graduate school, introduced the vari- . QQQf! (j, UUlCQS, ,
ous speakers, and acted as chairman
for the evening.
Socialist Views
Arthur G. McDowell, from Chicago, and National Labor secretary for the Socialist party, stated that the “real political issue of the day was the inability of the present system to meet the difficulties of nature, and wrestling from nature the things necessary to sustain life. Collective action is the only way to meet this need.
“With increasing wealth of the country, the present system is unable to distribute it among those who need it most.” McDowell added that, “with this system, international war is inevitable. Countries must fight to gain the decreasing world markets.”
Prof. C, L. Heyerdahl, member of the history and economics departments, outlined the democratic platform. Charles Robertson, member of the Lafayette bar, read the Republican state platform, and then quoted Republican Senatorial candidate Willis on his ideas and interpretations of that platform.
Tomorrow noon will be the deadline for acceptance of student coupons in exchange for reserved seats for the Indiana football game, said Ticket Manager C. S. Doan, last night. Doan emphasized the fact that any student who plans to attend the contest and has not yet turned in his passport coupon, must do so before tomorrow’s noon deadline, as no tickets will be held for students after that date.
Purdue, Ohio Bands To Put On Combined
I Show Before Game
... of the graduate school directed last night’s forum on political platforms. “I think it’s fine for an orgapization to call in representatives from the four political parties and have them outline the reasons for the ideals within th$m,” he commented prior to the discussion.
Communist Party
The Communist party was represented by Phillip Bart, of Indianapolis, and state secretary of the Indiana Communist party. He did not outline his party’s platform, but defined the present issue as the “need of all progressive people and parties to organize against reaction. We need production for use—not for wealth.”
Senate Wi!l Be Host
To Student Congress
He complimented the present administration on the adoption of its progressive measures. “Because the Communist party supports collegiate movements for peace, and Purdue has such an organization, does not mean that Purdue University has become a hotbed of Communism,” he added.
About 100 students, faculty, and townspeople attended the forum.
Hort Show Will Run
For 3 Days; Record
Attendance Expected
Over 6,000 people are expected to attend the annual student-sponsored horticultural show which opens in the Horticultural Building November IJ. and will run for three days.
University Student Senate members will be hosts to the National Student Federation of America at its national congress, which will convene here from December 28 to 31. Center of the convention’s activities will be the Memorial Union Building, where all meetings and banquets will be held. Senator in charge of convention meetings, R. I. Schumacher, stated recently. This will be the first time that the University has acted as host to this group, representing nearly 125 university and college councils." The congress will be devoted to student self-government problems and other problems which concern students from either a national or international viewpoint. The Federation executive committee, led by Dr. D. J. Cowling, president of‘ Carlton College, Northfield, Minn., includes such men as Charles A. Beard, Mordecai Johnson, Charles W. Tausig, and Charles W. Pipkin. Many student organizations and faculty members are cooperating with the Student Senate to make this convention a success.
“Show them the original” will be' the theme of the Purdue Band’s trip to the Ohio State football game tomorrow morning. Aside from the desire shown by Purdue alumni in Ohio to show off their Alma Mater’s famed military band, there is a special reason why Spots’ bandmen are practicing with such unusual vigor, since some years ago Prof. Emrick was instrumental in organizing the Ohio band. Coincident to putting on a real show and leaving the supremacy of the “original” unquestioned. Director Emrick has planned a series of new maneuvers for the occasion, which will be given the first seven minutes between halves. From three separate bands formed upon Entering the field, a large “HI” is formed followed quickly by “OHIO” in which the O’s gyrate to the strains ■ pf Ohio’s alma mater. Snapping into the giant football with a “P” monogram for an instant before reforming the three bands, the formation ends with the massed band playing a symphonic “Entree,” followed immediately by the mammoth block “P” which rotates to the chorus of “Hail Purdue.” Preceding the game, Ohio’s band will present a series of formations which will be climaxed by the playing of the “Star Spangled Banner” by the combined Purdue and Ohio bands, led by Purdue Military Band Director, P. S. Emrick. After this massed band completes its part in the ceremony, the Purdue band will march across the field and form the big “P” as an introductory formation.
Seniors Hear Lecture
The show has grown steadily since 1921 when it was first started as a small exhibit of fruits, vegetables, and chrysanthemums in the basemept of Agricultural Hall, and now not only takes in the Horticultural Building but also the greenhouses.
'Get Debris Before
Nov. 15'-Edwards
This year about 125 varieties of chrysanthemums will be the main attraction in the greenhouses, while inside the building will be exhibited apples, nuts and vegetables.
Earl Hymen is manager of this year’s show, and he and his staff of student committees are planning to make it bigger and better than ever before. Last year about 6,000 people attended the exhibit.
“Students desiring copies of the 1939 Debris should order them before November 15, as after that date the current price of $4 will be increased to $4.50,” Debris business manager Boyette Edwards stated last night. With sales to date totaling over 2,000, the Debris staff expects to top last year’s record sales. This year’s book will feature the contrast between the hoop skirt era of 1870 and the modern trends in University fashions.
Over 2,500 Rooters Attend
Black And Tan Vocal “•l"''
Tryouts Held Today
Tryouts This Afternoon
Vocal auditions for the Black and Tan Fantasy will be held in' the tower room of the Union Building this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Aspirants for choral and solo parts are urged to be present as today is the only date for singing tryouts. Paul Worcester, who is in charge of the auditions, urges soloists to bring music for the accompanists.
Tryouts for the freshman debate team will begin this afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 301 of University Hall, according to an announcement received from the speech department yesterday. All freshmen eds are eligible to enter this contest, and will need no special preparation to attend today’s meeting. Finalists in the Beveridge Speech contest are urged to attend this meeting, it was announced.
Pep Session In Fieldhouse
LautnerJriggsTo Pfay Here Sunday
Good Team, Enthusiastic Student Body Will Prove Winning Combination, Says Mai Elward
Sunday afternoon the Student Union will present Joseph Lautner, tenor, and Harold Triggs, pianist, on the Weekly music room program. The program will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall, starting at 4 o’clock.
Following his last appearance in Berlin, Germany, the Berlin Zeitung said of Lautner, “A new American tenor proved himself worthy of his engagement. A voice of both lyric and dramatic possibilities, the range of the roles he can sing should be wide.” Lautner has sung with the Boston Symphony Orchestra, and now conducts the Arthur Jordan School of Opera. His wife, Lois Wilson Lautner, will accompany him at the piano. Triggs, a graduate from the Bush Conservatory, has a Ph. B. from Chicago University. He has appeared in recital with the New York Philharmonic and Detroit Orchestras, and has played special programs in Carnegie Hall and the Metropolitan Opera House.
“We’ve got the best team in the country and the most enthusiastic student body in the country. With that combination we can’t lose.” So said Coach Mai Elward before over 2,500 pepped-up rooters at last night’s torchlight pep session. Led by the entire Purdue Military Band, students left the village at 7:30 and paraded behind the whirling torches of band twirlers to the Fieldhouse, where the strains of “Hail Purdue” opened the booster session, sponsored by Gimlet, Reamer, Skull
and Crescent, and Gold Peppers.
Willtems Appointed
To Advisory Staff
Gilbert Dunbar Williams, program director of WBAA and member of the speeph department, has just been made a member of the advisory council of School Broadcasting Conference. He will attend the second annual meeting of the organization in Chicago December 1, 2 and 3. The conference serves as a permanent organization for study of the utilization of radio as a means of education. Professional representatives of national networks and educators of the middle west comprise the council.
Cats Will Swing At Union Jam Session
On Employment Today
Senior men and women interested in employment information will meet in room 101, Education Building, this afternoon to hear Mrs. Katherine Dunbar, noted employment authority, speak on “How to Apply for a Position.” The meeting, second to be sponsored by the University Placement Committee, is planned to aid upperclassmen in understanding the procedures and attitudes maintained by employers.
Saturday night the best of the campus jitter-bugs will vie for top swing honors of the University at Glen Goff’s jam session from 7:15 to 8:15 in the Union ballroom. Prizes for the winning couple will be two tickets to the Union Formal, while the three next best couples will be given two tickets each to a Union mixer. All comers are invited, but are asked to sign up for the contest as they enter the ballroom. Tomorrow night Glen Goff will play for the regular Union mixer starting at *9 o’clock, with tickets priced at one dollar per couple.
Re9isli^r Issues Student Directoiy Following arrangements have been made for distribution of the University directories, according to an announcement made yesterday by Ralph B. Stone, Registrar: Individual undergraduate and special students may receive one copy each as long as the supply lasts by presenting in person their identification cards at the Registrar’s office. Individual graduate students similarly may obtain one copy at the Registrar’s office upon presenting in person their schedule cards. Individual members of the staff, except those registered as graduate students, obtain their copies from the" University E<Iitor’)s office in accordance with instructions sent out from that office. University offices obtain their supplies from the Editor’s office. Student organizations requiring additional copies apply at the Editor’s office.
Folk Dances Reign
OveT Ball Tonight
Prof. Laurentza..
Deadline For Ball Tickets Set For 4:30 This Afternoon
Deadline for students wishing to return tickets to the Military Ball is 4:30 p. m. today. Tickets should be left with Miss Cain in the Supply Room of the Armory. Tickets returned will be placed at the disposal of those students first on the waiting list, who will be notified by phone. ‘ The ball, which will be held Armistice Day evening from nine until one, will feature Bob Crosby and his orchestra, with Marion Mann, vocalist.
Graduates Will Learn New 'Lambeth Walk'
Sponsored by the Graduate Board, the second graduate club party of the year will be held Wednesday evening, November 9, from 8 to 10:30 in the Memorial Union ball-
Cheers
Bill Alexander, acting head cheerleader, and his corps of yell-boosters led the enthusiastic throng in the Boilermaker Yell,” “Purdue Series,” and introduced “Pop” Doan, who expressed the hope that the team will give him the opportunity to visit his home state, Ohio, without getting ribbed by the “homefolks.” Assistant coach, Mel Taube recalled his own experiences playing against Ohio teams, and stressed the need of supporting spirit by the studentsi Prof. F. C. Hockema, speaking in the absence of President Elliott, said “The reason the band’s so cocky is that they’re going to attend the game at Ohio. We expect them to furnish some pep there.” Co-captain Paul Humphreys recalled the two recent tie games that have been played by the Boilermakers and assured cheerers that “We are not going to tie another game and I know d well we’re not going to lose one.” Jim Maloney said “I’m scared stiff,” but it’ll be a different story when he walks on the Ohio gridiron.
Highlight of the evening will be instruction in the new dance hit, “The Lambeth Walk” by Pearl M. Allen of the Allen School of Dan-
Closing one of the Ijvjeliest pep powwows of the year with the new “Purdue Battle Cry,” students and band left the Fieldhouse singing “Hail Purdue,” as the team left to embark for Columbus.
cmg.
A short business meeting will be held to ratify the new constitution of the club, and to elect three new members to • the Board.
Radio Coverage Purdue-Ohio
R. L Duncan'37, Graduates
From Naval Flying School
According to a bulletin received from the commandant of the Ninth Naval District, Richard L. Duncan, EE ’37, of West Lafayette, has been graduated from the United States Naval flying school at Pensacola Fla. Selected from a large group of college students, Mr. Duncan completed an elimination flight course at a Naval Reserve Aviation base a year ago and was then transferred to Pensacola for regular flight training.
Purdue’s crucial gridiron battle with Ohio State tomorrow will be given excellent radio coverage, with no less than six stations broadcasting direct from the stadium at Columbus, in addition to the telegraphic report that will be broadcast by WBAA, according to word received from Columbus yesterday by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director.
The stations broadcasting direct from the stadium will be WBNS and WOSU, Columbus; WTAM, Cleveland; WOWO, Port Wayne; WFBM Indianapolis, and WKRC, Cincinnati. The game will start at 1 o’clock Lafayette time.
Senior Electricals Continue Inspection Trip-Report Doings Via Short Wave
Folk dancing of almost every variety will hold sway tonight when the Purdue Religious Council presents its annual Scarecrow Ball in the ballroom of the Union Building. Music ranging from the colorful southern tunes of “Oh Susanna” and ‘‘Golden Slippers” to the Italian “Sicilian Circle” and the German “Ach Ja” will be furnished by a specially trained orchestra under the leadership of W. D. McEachron. Tickets are priced at 50 cents and the number of couples will be limited to 250.
(Special to the Exponent through Purdue Radio Club radio facilities and Purdue short wave station W9YB).
By J. S. Brown
. . . Schantz-Hansen will speak on “Good Taste at Low Cost” at the White County Home Economics Achievement Day program at Monticello, this afternoon. Professor Schantz-Hansen is the head' of the applied design department.
Purdue’s senior electrical engineers completed the fourth day of their annual inspection trip yesterday, with visits to Bell telephone and Western Electric providing a full day’s schedule period. In the morning the program included inspection of transcontinental line cables, chain program lines, and the dialing systems. After lunching as guests of Western Electric Company, parts of the huge Chicago plant were inspected. The peak employment of this plant is 42,000 persons.
Tuesday the Port Washington power station in Milwaukee proved very interesting, it being the most efficient in the world.
Today’s itinerary will include visits to Commonwealth Edison offices. General Electric Tube Laboratory, and the Municipal Airport. Three of the four buses will return to West Lafayette this evening, the fourth staying over until tomoi'row.
Miss Helen M...
At the Carnegie Steel plant, one of the boys had a slight accident. W. H. Smith cut his finger while fishing around in his suitcase for something and got a free ride in the company’s ambuIancA.
. . . McNiece spoke yesterday morning at eleven to the Horae Economics Survey class. She is merchandise counselor for the William H. Block Company of Indianapolis. Opportunities in the merchandising field and various phases of the work were the subjects of Miss McNiece’s speech.
M 'M (
■iB
■ " ■' ■ -i
^ditehicd
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 4, 1938
rt
One 1938 Senior...
. . . was pretty discouraged this summer a few weeks after graduation in chemical engineering at the end of the Summer Session. Job prospects seemed almost hopeless. This senior had a few good contacts in industry and had banked on them to help him land a place in chemical engineering work— the “pull” along with his qualifications in that field. Business conditions, however, were against him, and all his letter writing and interviews were of little avail.
About the middle of September he paused to take inventory of himself and of the situation. Since he apparently wasn’t going to find any employment immediately, he decided that he might as well pick out the kind of work he liked best and concentrate his efforts on that.
The soybean industry looked interesting to this fellow. Here he could combine his farm background and his training in chemical engineering to good advantage in any phase of soybean development.. from the actual growing to the manufacturing into various oils, paints, foods, and a hundred and one other processed materials for which the leguminous beans were being made use.
“I’m going to learn so much about soybeans,” he said, “that the manufacturers can not afford not to hire me.”
So he read books—the few of them already published on the relatively new commercializations of soybeans—and pamphlets, and he talked to chemists who were experimenting with soybeans. He jotted down notes on what he heard and read, and made a bibliography.
Last week this graduate received three offers of employment from soybean manufacturers . .. all of them jobs with futures.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the Aguiar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60.
Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback
Business Manager.....! R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor.... i : , — D. A. Bailey Associate Bditor8....Q. W, Frederick, K. C. Houston, E. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves LocaT Advertising Manager ...E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager W. 'F. Berg Sales Manager.. ....V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director J). J. Henninger
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ■ BOSTON ' LOS ANSELES - SAN FSANCISCO
CO-ED STAFF Editor. _...._! Sally McKee Associate Editors - Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF Editor. ..R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. AU unsigned editorials are written by the e(3itor-in-chlcf.
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—^Woodson Issue Editor—Wist Friday, November 4, 1938
Five Co-eds Pledfed To
Omicron Nu Society
Five pledges are now wearing the pink and purple ribbons of Omicron Nu, the national Home Economics honorary society. Margaret Johnson, Janette Shaffer, Eleanor Benton, Eleanor Wiley, and Miss Esther McKinney were pledged Wednesday. These girls were chosen on the basis of their outstanding ability, personality, and appearance. Miss McKinney is a graduate student and instructor.
Howland Will Open Series Of Lectures
Civii Engineers To Hear
Talk On Chicago Subway
Prof- W. E. Howland of the Civil Engineering School will present the first in a series of talks dealing with “A Working Philosophy of Life” to all Presbyterian students in the student room of the Central Presbyterian Church at 9:30 Sunday morning.
PI A, Union ...
. . . and YWCA have shifted. Completed yesterday the three organizations shifted places. The Student Union is occupying the old PIA offices. The PIA’s have moved down the hall to the old YWCA offices. The YWCA’s have their office in the east end of the Women’s lounge.
FINEST LUNCH IN TOWN at 20c 1 Frost .10 1 Chop Steak .10
Total.
.20
TRIPLE XXX
BETTER GRADES
With Less Work
.Sounds impossible, but it can be done if you follow the Gunthorp Study Charts, a "streamlined" method of efficient study. This practical tested system will more than double the results of your work. Don't postpone action. Write today for information.
ARC
TODAY
SATURDAY
The STUDENTS GUILD
Box 511, San Diego, Calif.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
511 Ferry Street Phone 7828
All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
iOAN WOODBURY PAUL GUILFOVLE LEE PATRICK i. .?ADLEY PAGE
TODAY—SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Three Gold Diggers Out for a Little Quick Silver!
'SSS&
tuiih
JOAN BLON0SLS. • mADOE EVANS and EKA CLAESiE
Plus —
He Tempted One Woman's Love and Won Another's Hate!
with RALPH BELLAMY Josephine Hutchinson
— Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
QlwmixjL Baxbuv
Republican Candidate for COUNTY TREASURER Purdue Grad Purdue Dad
Your Vote Appreciated
TODAY - SAT.
HELD OVER BY POPULAR DEMAND
liCMT mil iiTHUy
NAH tIONIt MMH IDWAtD AflTHUR'BARRYMORE'STEWART'ARNOLI)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licfity
THIS IS THE DAY . . . . . . when everyone, who has not already gone, will leave town for Columbus or other parts unknown. Probably no one save the proof man will even bother to read this column. Good! That gives us an alibi for going light on the dirt and scandal and just treating you to some fresh clean humor. Who knows, you might even learn to like it!
ODE Life is such a problem With classes every day. My God, but it’s a long time Until the last of May.
AFTER SEVERAL WEEKS ... . . . of intense research work, one of our reporters comes forth with the discovery that a right handed beer mug can be transformed into a left handed one by walking around the corner. So that’s where he’s been all this time.
V.
I suppose you’d rather I spent the money foolishly!”
AT THE SIGMA CHI ... .... dance last Saturday night, two of the boys ended the evening minus their little crosses. The pins reposed on two town co-eds. FRANK TAYLOR put his pin on Theta MARJORIE POOR. And HAZEL HUBBARD, West Side school teacher took the pin of Brother LUTH. Not bad for a pledge dance.
He’s the one who almost hit us with the residence hall girls sang conthat buckshot the other day.” gratulations to both the lucky lad First B. B.: “Well, what’re we and gal because the ring belongs to waiting for?” the head waiter at the hall, -
WRH SOPHOMORE . . . FAMOUS LAST LINE: / ... GEORGIALEE WEIGEL, is “Absence makes the marks grow wearing a gold ring now. It seems rounder.”
Civil Engineering seniors who left Lafayette last Wednesday on their annual inspection trip to the Calumet region in northwestern Indiana and Chicago, will be given an opportunity to hear Philip Harrington, engineer in charge of the Chicago subway project, discuss the historical background and engineering problems of the subway at a dinner meeting in Chicago tonight.
Two blackbirds were sitting on a leafy branch high above an unsuspecting hunter. First Blackbird: “Who is that fellow down below us there?” Second B. B.: “Don’t you know?
POPCORN GAiioN 15c
DAD’S PLACE—SO HANDY
Members of the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers will also attend the meeting.
LUKA
TODAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
-MAKE IT EARLYThat Sitting for Your Christmas Photographs Hinea’s
634 Main Portraits by Photography Picture Framing
Starts Tomorrow
A handsome man of the world in a tight tqWeece .. .when he became a deceitmined young lady’s first crush!
That CMmAfAGF
.MELVYN DOUGLAS^
LAST bAY-
MARY CARLISLE JOHN HOWARD ^—in — 'Touchdown Army'
YOU - - - -
In the fling of youth at the MILITARY BALL and for many dates ahead on the social calendar.
YOU - - - -
It^a swishing flirtatious hemline, the youngest thing in the world as interpreted in taffeta and satin snatched up to show a provocative gathered or pleated petticoat of contrasting color. Reminiscent of crinoline days, yet as new and adventurous as Lambeth walk.
SI6.95
Others $10.95 to $19.95Friday, November 4, 1938
THE PURDTIE
^hnhl-A
EXPONENT
Large Squad Heightens
Frosh Cage Prospects
With 110 boys working out daily under the watchful eye of Coach “Piggy” Lambert, prospects for the freshman basketball squad are, to say the least, favorable. Enthusiasm is running high among the first year basketeers, and any afternoon from three to five o’clock the casual spectator in the Fieldhouse gym would be astounded at the barrage of bouncing basketballs.
The squad has grown from the
■^jO that reported for the first prac- ' (« tice Monday, and the all-sport men * that are now engaged on the football field will further swell the list. Until the season is more advanced and * first cuts are made, the practice is to consist of 10 or 12 minute scrimmages between paired off teams.
An imposing scaffolding in the middle of the first basketball court has been erected in order to drop new baskets so a regulation size floor can be laid off lengthwise across the gym. The three courts now in use are a bit smaller than regulation and the varsity floor will
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at
GULLION’S
"Where did you get that smooth number?"
For campus and sports wear you’ll never find a shirt more durable and betterlooking than Arrow’s Ox-, ford. Its casual correctness rates it first with universitv men. Mitoga shaped and Sanforized-shrunk, available in smart collar models, regular point, button-down, or new rounded collar. Colors —white and blue . . . and the new bamboo shade.
Arrow Oxfords $2 up
:
ARROW SHIRTS
Riding clothes, street clothes, “dressup” elothes—frequent trips to West Side Cleaners will keep them attractive and ready for every unexpected occasion. Thrifty folks know that garments wear longer, too, when given the advantage of our finer dry cleaning at regular intervals. Make it a hahit to caU 4081.
West Lafayette, Indiana
Roderick To Head Annual Aquacade
Grid Team Primed For Buckeye Upset
Barbara Roderick, Kappa Alpha Theta, will reign as queen of the second annual Aquacade to be held in the Fieldhouse Friday and Saturday, November 25 and 26. Triton and Dolphin members, as co-spon-sors of the regalia, plan to feature synchronized swimming with other events, including relays, team performances, and individual competi-
Sophomores Battle Varsity Tankmen For Team Berths
Squad Goes Through Final Scrimmage Belore Leaving For Fourth Big Ten Tilt
tion.
In charge of the preliminary heats is Margaret Crankshaw, WRHNorth. Entries for any event must be turned in by November 15 so that the completed program may be scheduled by November 22.
not be laid until after the Indiana football game. Varsity practice meanwhile, has not gotten under way officially, but most of last year’s lettermen and reserves are banging away at the basket nightly. Last year’s freshmen squad is much in evidence and shows promise of providing the necessary material to fill the gaps left by graduation.
N
V.
15
After a little over two weeks of practice the Boilermaker tank squad is slowly rounding into form. Practicing five times a week, the 34 aspirants, who have turned out at Coach LaBree’s call, are now fighting for the 15 places on the Riveter team. Although cuts will not be made for quite awhile yet, the new men are working hard to oust the returning lettermen, and according to LaBree, there are several sophomores who have shown the ability to do it. Possible Meets So far po Big Ten dual meets have been drawn up, as the coach’s meeting will not take place until sometime in December., However, tentative plans have been made for tilts with Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana, and possibly with Ohio State and Chicago. Washington University and DePaliw are also being mentioned as possible opponents. There is an excellent chance that if the water carnival, which is to be held at the end of this month, IS a success, the team will take a trip to Florida during Christmas vacation. However, there will be no meets on the trip as it will merely serve as a training jaunt.
Heading toward Columbus and tomorrow’s game against Ohio State with a grim determination to present the Bucks with their first Big Ten defeat, Mai Elward and his “Battlin’ Boilermakers” boarded the train last night greatly enthused by the rousing sendoff which the student body gave them at the mammoth pep session in the Fieldhouse. The Purdue squad will establish a headquarters at Magnetic Spring, Ohio, moving into Columbus just before game time.
Need More Heavies For Better Balanced Boxing Team-Maxweil
“We’ll be even tougher this year than we were last if we can get some good weight men,” promised “Punchy” Maxwell, Boilermaker boxing coach, last night. Considering the fine performances of such stars as Dilts, Bacharach, Ramputi, and Hardesty last season, this seems to be a sure sign that the Boilermakers will be mighty tough.
Because of injuries they received in scrimmage this week, the Boilermakers may have to function without the services of Red Shackleton, second string quarterback, and Dick Johnson, improved tackle. Shackleton is nursing an injured right leg, while Johnson twisted his ankle in scrimmage Wednesday. With Red out of action, Montague will move up as first replacement for Ted Henms, regular quaiteiback. Vergane will probably get first call for the right tackle position with Dick Potter to relieve him.
TOUCHBALL Today Field—Co-operative Houses 7—Rochdale vs. Marwod.
Forty men reported for practice early this week, but only three of these men were in the heavyweight class. This leaves plenty of room for competition in this class, and “Punchy” is encouraging any candidates for the position to report at the Fieldhouse for practice this week.
Official Luce
Do You
Know
Getting in Shape The squad has only been exercising and shadow boxing to get back in shape this week. With the boys rounding into shape fairly well, however, it is expected that they will begin actual fighting next week.
The main objective of the squad is, as usual, participation in the Golden Gloves tournament next semester, and “Punchy” predicted that the team would be stronger iyi some
classes this year than they have ever
been.
THAT THE DEBRIS PRICE CHANGES 11 DAYS?
Practice Session At the practice session last night Mai ran his different offensive combinations through their repertoire of plays in order to perfect timing and ball-handling. The backfield made up of Hennis, Brown, Brock, and Ippolito drilled on foi wards with Jack Brown tossing the pigskin to Thursby, Mackiewicz, Hennis, and Brock. Gale, Tykocki, Petty, and Winchell worked on running plays with Tykocki doing most of the balltoting. As a finale to the practice the Boilermaker varsity acted as the defense in a dummy scrimmage against the frosh. The yearling team ran, or rather walked, through a number of Buckeye plays while Mai and the other coaches pointed out to the varsity gridders just how different men and plays cipuld and should be stopped. The frosh lined up in the various Ohio State offensive formations and Elmer Bumham, who scouted the Bucks in their game with Southern California, and Jim Zachary, who saw them play at Chicago, told them just what plays the Buckeyes were most apt to run from each formation. In tomorrow’s game the Buckeyes will be fighting to keep their conference slate clean. Indiana and Chicago have fallen before Coach Francis Schmidt’s machine and the Bucks can boast of a 0-0 tie with Northwestern’s Wildcats, with whom they share the Big Ten lead. In non-c^-ference games, the Buckeyes Idst to Southern California and trounced New York University.
SEE YOUR SALESMAN TODAY
DEBRIS
OFF TO OHIO STATE OFF TO VICTORY
FF
Were wishing luck to a determined team. Purdue students may well be proud of them.
Root for them. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service
After You We CoFtie First
525 Alabama
Phone 4048\
“Brothers,” by Dorothy Clarke Wilson, will be presented by the Wesley Players Sunday evening at 8 16 in Jefferson High School auditoiium It will be the only three act play of this semester. The play is set at the outset of the World War in any American home The last scene bungs home the son, badly injuied The daughter’s love does not return. Jean Plummer, John Fouts, and Opal George have the leading roles. Robert Torrence, Earl Duggleby, Walter Loeffler, Thomas McConaha, and John Philip Pierce support. Reserved tickets may be obtained free from the Wesley Foundation House Two sections will be reserved for those who do not get tickets before the production
FOR SALE
WB A A Programs
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29.76 Supplies C F. Ebersboff, 606 Main street.
Good
FOR SAI/E—1929 LaSalle coupe condition Cheap Call 2680
MISCELLANEOUS
WANTED TO BUY used tuxedo, size 40 Write box 495 Lafayette, Ind
WANTED A ride to Elkhart South Bend or points north any time after Friday at 3 00 Call R Hall 8904
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT—Large front room—single or double 401 State Across fiom Union
Today 11 00—Prof Robert Phillips—^American Institutions 11 60—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Ajrncultural Forum 12 16—Sports Review—Dick Shively 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 46—Eugene Finegan—violinist. 1 00—You and Your Health 1 16—Monitor Views the News 1 80—^Famous Homes of Famous Americans 1 46—Market Reports 2 00—Vocational Guidance 2 16—Edward Foley—pianist 2 30—Afternoon Musicale 3 00—Jefferson High School Program 3 30—-Keeping Ahead of the Jones 4 00—Contract Bridge Chats 4 16—Paul Mitchell—^popular songs 4 30—Purdue Scrapbook 4 46—Story Book Hour
Riflery: No nflery till back stop is finished ai-4) —SMITH
GE 128: Seven o’clock class to meet with 10 o’clock class Friday, November 4, to hear Dr Lillian Gilbreth —ROGERS
Debris" Important sales meeting Friday, November 4, in Debris office in Union —WYNN
Union Sophomores Will our committee please report at the workshop at any time Friday, November 4 —COOPER, CREPPS Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 9, at 7 80 p m in room 264 of EE Building —GANNON PIA Orchestra* Rehearsal Friday, November 4, at 7 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building All members urged
-SHINN Ward Parties Chairmen and committees for ward parties meet in the WAA offipe at 6 o clock, Friday, November 4 —MERRITT WAA Hockey Fiiday November 4, at 4 p m auniors vs seniors It is very important for members of both qf these f%amB to be present —SHAFFER
Purdue Motorcycle Club Road Run Sunday November 6 Entry deadline 9 8p a m Run starts at Bridges Cycle Shop at 9 80 a m Prize for the winner • —KEYS.
Umon Sophomores: Will our committee please report at the workshop at 4 p m Friday, November 4 —RICHARDSON. HRUBY
Union Sophomores: Will my committee please report in the workshop at any time this Friday, November 4 —McClelland
POTATOES RIEDMAN'S
Battery F1-F2; Brigade series playoff Friday, November 4, at 4 p m Final —HOBBS
F
FINE FOODS
Phones 3021 & 3022 We Deliver
FOR RENT—Front room Single or double for students 131 South Grant St
SPECIAL EDITIONS For a Limited Time
Gone with the Wind The Citadel Man the Unknown
$1.49 $1.39 $1.39
BEST SELLERS
Listen the Wind — Ann Morrow Lindbergh With Malice Toward Some — Margaret Holser Benjamin Franklin — Carl VanDoren The Horse and Buggy Doctor My Country and My People — Lin Yutang My America — Louis Adamic Dynasty of Death — Taylor Caldwell
SOUTHWORTH'S In the Village
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC"^ Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Florists
• Shoe Repair
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop In the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—D D.S HAROLD 1 RISK—ODS ROBERT G RISK—DOS LUTHER A RISK—DDS Schultz Building 4th and Mam Phone 5701
• Tailor
soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Lite Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
814-816 Main Lafayette
C\ NO CONNECTIONS '\jV ^ NECESSARY
Plays 10 or 12 Inch records without wire connection through
your radio. By attaching the Microphone you can also “dub in your singing voice” accompanied by the record bang play^. Use it for recorded mu^c, ioe public address, for the nursery, or put on your own radio progatns for home entertainment.
$2495 COMPLETE WITH MieHHFliCIliE
Main at 8th
MULLEN'S
APPLIANCE SHOP
Phone 4736
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side oi Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
^ -mJustWha' Ynii N.
t T
* 11 \ ‘Hi popular campus apparel are corduroy trousers and iackets. Get ill Ilf 1 1 1 them in any color. They are very in1 Ji expensive and yet they are smooth 1 i looking.
Ill ' Corduroy Trousers Corduroy Jackets
$2.98 $5.98
Reliable Clothing 224 Main Street
Co.
C A If TP your food bills at Piggly Wiggly Everyorie wants to save on food bills without sacrificing quality That's why it pays to shop at Piggly Wiggly Prices are low, but quality is high, for nationally known products are sold Save at Piggrly Wiggly
Save Mother!
ofscp-'*'*
Phone
Let us take the burden of your weekly wash! Mother has enough to do. Our Student’s Special Price offers you 5 Pounds for
10% DISCOUNT AT WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE
132 VINE ST.