For Cotillion March 13
Ticket SMm Will Be0t Tifd&yi SMiU k^id Cres^ cent to jdjmotmce Pledges At Bonce
Aee Brigode aiid his “Virgitdaris” will play for the more Cotiflidii, animal fdihial dShce sponsored and
Union Building Friday night, Itorch dance chairihan, announced last night. Urigdde’s band, which has been heard over both the Na-^ tidnal and Columbia Broadcasting networks, has been characterized by dance lovers as “America’s most danceable band” because of its fascinating “swing rhythms” and ultra-modem arrangements. His boys are also noted for their “madcap novelty numbers” performed by “Matty” Mad-
sen and Morton Young. 18-Year-Old Vocalist
Sylvia Rhodes, charming 18-year-old featured vocalist, will “swing” the featured numbers. The baiid, which recently finished an engagement at Kerthywood Park, in Pittsburgh, is now on a tour. Tickets, priced at $2, will go on sale today and may be purchased from any Skull and Crescent memiber or at the lobby desk in the Union. The sales wil be limited to 30Q to eliminate over-crowding of the ballroom which is now shortened due to construction Of the addition. Emmett Phelps ^ Phi Kappa Sigma, is in charge of sales, and Skull and Crescent members who have not received their tickets as yet should get them from him im-
mediately. Pledging
Men selected from the freshman class for their scholastic ability and student activities will be formally pledged at the dance, contrary to the practice of former years. This move was decided upon to eliminate the rush of activities which usually comes at the end of the
semester;
W. F. Bailey, in charge of dec-
13, W. K. StallmgSj
Membera of Ihb Jui^ be^h dislxit^^ of perttiits fcy PrOih'tickets this hfteimoon at 4 o’OlOck ih the Student Senate office; ;The office will be Open foom 4 to 5:30 o’clock every after^ n06U'£rbih.^tpday'^Uhtit'March A heiv tilan; designed to keep the affair stricHy a jUniili^-sOmor dance, will be iriaugmrated this year. Each persOji will be required to have a picture attached to his ticket and the photos wiU be taken at the time of' appli<^tion :for' the-permitB.' ' .' ^ Rules governing the purchase of tickets have been published in the Expbheht, and they will be strictly oMirved. The committee, in a statement last night, emphasized the following regulations: ..v.'/ v , 1. That only Juniors and Seniors may purchase tickets. 2. That schedule cards must be presented in applying for a permit. 3. That money to pay for the ticket shoiild not be brought to the Senate office today. It must be paid at the Cashier^S office. 4. That the rules were made so that everyone will have an opportunity to purchase tickets and that there should be no rush to secure permits. >
Dies From Heart Attack
Funerol Of ProminetU Dairy Chemkt^ StdffMemher^ToBetiel^ tomorrow
Prof. Qeorge Spitzer, 76> nationally known dairy chemist on the staif of the agricultural experiment station and oldest member of the University staff, died suddenly yesterday morning about 9 O’clock following a heart attack, knoivn as one of the “^and old men of Indiana agriculture,” Spitzer hstd
devoted virtually his entire
Out-Of-Towners Praise Campusf University Men
By Dorothea Justin., ' “What I like most about Purdue men is that there are so many of them,” smiled Miss Mary Esther Burns, a senior co-ed from Michigan University. “They are all nice looking, I think.” Her colleague in debate. Miss Barbara Lutts, chuckled. “Purdue girls are four up on us. The ratio of men to women at Ann Arbor is four to one, and I hear that it’s eight to
ACE BElGODE
Go-ed Debate Team Beats
orations, announced last night that plans have been completed and the backdrop is under construction.
Stuart To Speak At Sir Loin Banquet
[an
League’s San clip us Provide Subject For First Big Ten Contest
one here.” “I like Purdue,” chimed in the third girl down for the co-ed conference debate. “The campus seems compact,' and the buildings boxy, but it looks clean and clear. At Michigan the campus seems to coVer more area. And I like the looks of the Purdue men, too,” Miss Grace Kemp Gray finished. Mr. L. Daily, a law student at the Uhiversity of Illinois, contributed his impressions and compar-
Winning their first Big Ten contest of the season, the University co-ed affirmative team, under the direction of Prof; Paul E. Lull, de^, feated the Michigan negative debate team in Eliza Fowler Hall last
night. \ K
The subject was: “Resolved, that the United States should support the League of Nations in the enforcement of its sanctions provided for on the covenant of the League”.
Alhson Stuart, manager of the;_ „ . .. ' „ ,( ,
.,1 „ Prof. Arthur Secord, who accomShadeland Stock Farms, south of
Lafayette,] will be the speaker at the third annual Knighting of Sir Loin Tuesday evening at 6:30 in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building; The ceremony, dealing with the traditional knighting of the loin of beef by King Charles II centuries ago, will be re-enacted by members of the Animal Husbandry club. Open Only To Students The dinner will be open only to students specializing in animal husr bandry, A. H. winter course students, former students in animal husbandry, and members of the animal husbandry staff. Tickets, at 60 cents each, may be obtained from faculty members or members of the dub. The loin from a purebred, 19 month-old Angus steer will furnish the juicy steak for the occasion. The animal, weighing 1,140 pounds and bred and fed on the University farm, was slaughtered Feb. 18. and is now in the process of ripening prior to the roast.
Seats On Sale For “Carmita”
isoris of Purdue and his alma mater. “I like the Illinois campus better, but I wish we had your Union. That is really wonderful. The social life is stressed more at lllinoisi” he said in concise lawyer tones,” and the students are livelier and more restless. I have seen fewer fur coats on the girls here, and men at Illinois stage a regular fashion parade when they go out. Still., I think Purdue is a fine school,” he conceded with a grin. Miss Lutts laughed. “It compares very favorably with Ann Arbor, I think. I’ll give a cheer for Purdue!” And so were the out-of-towners’ remarks about our University concluded.
Reservation ■Blau k s AvailaMe; Regular Diicats On Sale March 7
Playshop To Name Cast
panied the Michigan girls, said he
BULLETIN
- Columbus, Ohio. — (Special) The Purdue University co-ed negative team defeated the Ohio affirmative team here last night.
Forum Group Discusses Modern Philosophy
enjoyed the debate, and that he was well pleased with his girls’ work, considering that they had been debating other teams for only six weeks. University Team The University team was composed of Florence Hester, Elizabeth Maier and Jennie Bosco. Mary Esther Burns, Grace Kemp Gray, and Barbara J. Lutts were the members of the Michigan team. Dean Dorothy Stratton presided over the debate. Prof. A. D. Huston, director of debate at the University of Illinois, gave the decision and a short critique. “Although I consider Miss Lutts the best speaker on the platform,” he said, “the aifirmative team had a more concrete argument.!’ V
Ticket reservations for the Union show “Carmita” may now be made by mailing reservation blanks to the Student Union Eox office, in care of the Mars Theater. Blanks are available at the Union, Deac’s, Southworth’s, the Residence Halls, and the College Inn Cafeteria. Orchestra and loge seats are priced at 50 cents while balcony seats will sell at 35 cents. All resei’vations received on or before March 3rd will be shuffled and numbered and filled according to the . number. The reservation marked number 1 will be opened and given the best seats, then number 2 will be opened and the next best seats given it, etc. Regular ticket sales begin March 7th, at the Mars’ box office and will be filled in order that they are received. Terms—Cash Tickets may be called for at the Union desk on March 5th dr two days afterwards at the Mars box office. Cash must be paid on the receipt of the tickets. All tickets must be called for on or before March 9th.
Rehearsals For ‘^Behold The DreameT” To Begin Monday
Prof. George Spitzer
W.R. Alien Addresses 450 Seniors - Indianapolis ManGives
F o u F t h Employment
Lecture
“Contemporary Philosophy” was discussed last night at the weekly open forum sponsored by the Student Union. Almost everyone present participated in the discussion, telling the group of his own particular philosophy. Quite naturally, there was a wide divergence of opinion On the topics discussed. P, k. Eoward acted as chairman of the group. The subject selected for next week is “What Is An Educated Man”. Phases of the subject will include a discussion of the various methods of teaching, methods of Btudyingi curriculums, and problems in educatiohal adniinisteation,
History Group Holds Final Meeting Of Year
Leap Year Mixer Will Feature Treasure Hunt
According to Gilbert D. Williams rehearsals for “Behold The Dreamer”, Playshop’s next production, will start Monday of next week, at which time the cast will be an-
nounced.
The first production of this play was staged at the Cort. Theatre, in New York City, where it ran for several seasons. “Merton-of-the-Movies”, Glen Hunter, who recently appeared in Chicago in “Squaring The Circle”, played the original stellar role in the Broadway pro-
duction. Author
Pulton Oursler, the author of this play, writes under at least ten different pen names, and is one of Broadway’s most prolific playwfites. He seems to have an almost uncanny foresight in predicting the tastes Of theatre-goers, and probably adopted this scheme for monetary reasons rather than for the sake of his art. This will be the first time that any of his works have appeared in Lafayette.
Members of the current history group of the Purdue Women’s club held their last meeting of the year yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Euilding. “What About Greece ?” was the title of a summary of the political situations in Greece, by Mrs, J. H. Hilton. Mrs. Carlos Brewer dliscfissed “Philippine Independence”, and displayed an exhibit of native handwork from these islands. The meeting was closed after a discusBioii d! tHibfle topics.
A treasure hunt mixer, a feature quite popular at Purdue for several years, will be held at the Memorial Union tomorrow night. Notes bearing instructions for the treasure seekers will be placed throughout the Union, and the winning couple will receive a prize for their
efforts.
Kenny Ebershoff and his Gold and Black Aces will supply the music for the dance, which, aside from being a treasure hunt, is leap year affair. Uecorations will be similar to those used for the Riveters’ Rassle, but the remarks on them will be confined to leap year subjects. The backdrop is triangular with
Dr. Edijy Tot Speak Here Monday Evening
knight in armor astride a horse pic-
tured thei^ebn.
Dr. Sherwood Eddy, noted Christian student leader, will speak on “Dare We Be Christians” Monday evening at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. Eddy, who has been on a nation-wide speaking tour with Samuel Franklin during the winter season, is coming here through the auspices of the Wesley Foundation. He has had wide experience dealing with students in all parts of the world. After graduating from Yale in 1891 Dr. Eddy' spent fifteen years working with students in India. Later he was made the secretary of the Y. M. C. A. for Asia. He has met leaders of many nations during
his travels.
“The thing that will get you ahead in the world is the simple technique of good manners,” W. R, Allen, personnel director of L. S Ayres & Co., of Indianapolis, told seniors yesterday afternoon at the fourth employment lecture of the year. About 450 seniors attended the lecture, which was held in the Eliza Fowler Hall. Speaking on the subject, “Letters ' of Application and the Interview”, Allen discussed the various phases of written applications and oral interview. He adyised, the group to write carefqlly when ap plying for a position, stressing the value of good English and correct
spelling.
Oral Interview
Discussing the oral interview, Allen told the seniors that the prospective employer, when being interviewed, firs! tries to put the applicant at Case. He stated that no employer can determine the true value and qualities of a prospective employee if the latter is in a high state of nervous tension or is confused during the interview. He also advised the group that promptness is one of the primary requisites in holding a job, and advised them to refrain from referring to other positions which they had held in talking with employers or fellow workers. “Don’t talk about the ‘old’ job, devote your attention to the new one,” he said. Value Of Education Speaking of the value of education in securing and holding a position, Allen asserted, “Education is nothing more or less than learning, through history, what other hu mans have done to get along.”
life to the University and developments in the field , of dairy chemistry. ■ An untiring worker. Prof. Spitzer, despite the infirmities of age, had been at his d^sk almost daily, until a month ago^ when heart trouble confined him to his bomb at 1000 Seventh Street, West Lafayette. However, he had recovered sufficiently to be at his office on Tuesday and Wednesday, and whs en route there yesterday morning when the fatal attack came. He was found just outside the east entrance of the experiment station, where he had fallen to the walk. Death followed in a few minutes.
Funeral
Funeral services will be held at the home tomorrow morning at 10 o’dix^ The body will be taken to Bluffton for burial after the ceremony. ’ Prof. Spitzer had always taken a keen interest in the development of the University as well as in civic affairs. He was a loyal worker for the Memorial Union and was one of the lai’gest contributors to the building fund. He also made it possible for the University to acquire the land south of the Ross-Ade stadium for construction of the Franklin Levering Cary dormi-
tories..
Valuable Research Since 1907, when he was appointed a member of the University staff, he had completed much valuable reseai'ch work in his chosen field, many of his contributions to the science being used in the field of commerce today. Among some of his published articles directly concerning the dairy industry was a bulletin describing the use of glymol for testing fat in cream, a test which is now used throughout the country in creameries and food
laboratories. Born lit Ohio
Professor Spitzer was born in Galion, Ohio, on November 30,1859, but when eleven years of age moved with his parents to , Huntington, Indiana. He attended the Lima, Ohio, high school, graduating with honors in 1880, and then attended Kenyon College, at Gahibier, Ohio, for two years, taking the classical course. He came to PUrdue as an instructor in 1887. In 1907, he was appointed associate dairy chemist, a position he held at the time of his death with the rank of professor. In 1910, he received his B. S. degree from Purdue and in 1929 the University conferred on him an honorary doctor of science degree in recognition of his outstanding woi’k.
YWCA Nominates Co-ed Candidates
Greei^ Potters Call Special Meeting
Members of Green Potters tdll hold a special meeting in the Memorial Union Building Tuesday evening at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. Clarence H, Rjobertson will be the guest speaker. “Big Robby”, as bo Jte familiarly known, has been in Y. M. C. A. work for fifteen years in China. Plans will be discussed for the annual pot burning ah^ a ^te for the Green Potters’ dance will be decided.
At a meeting of the Y. W; C. A. cabinet held yesterday afteniooh at 4 o’clock, Patricia Jones arid Mildred Mills werfe selected by the nominating committee to be candidates for the presidency of the olPganization next year. The one receiving the fewer votes will automatically become vice president. Other nominations include: s^^etary, Jane Beimewitz and Dorothy Bryane; treasurer, Mildred Rhodes and Genevieve Sexson. These elections will be held March 18 in connection with the selection of W. S. G. A. and W. A. A. officials. All co-eds, who are interested in filling a Y. W. C. A. cabinet position for next year, may make a written a|»plication at the Y. W, 0, A. (^ce, beginning today and last? ing until March 25.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Pirathon fraterni^ announce the pledging of Paul F. Worcesi^, West Allis, Wla,
•>
11
I * ^
i 1 , ‘ 'V''' iiiiSi. The Pukdob Exponent
.''1986-1956 ' Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of C01<LEGIATO! DIGEST Membor of National Collesc Press Association, Bis Ten Editorial Association Exdnsively Ecprcsc'nted by National Advertising Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter, at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by nail, $5.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. y" '■ . MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief....,, i......... V. Heus« Managing Mitorl... ......C. H. Campbell Associate Editors...... .._ A. M. Chasteen, C. M. Hardm, W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walther Sporte Editor.............. ......N. E. Nays As^ciate Sj^rts Editors^....,,...-........ ...D. F, Mull> R, H; Walpole, L, 0. Wood Si^hompre Assis'tants. .K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forester, C. Barper, Jr., R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler, R. C. Schenk, J. L. Von Harz Bold' and Black Editor....... — Vt. R. Abbott
BUSINESS STAFF ' Business Manager........... A. Koch Advertising Manager H. F, Antomni Advertising Assistants .L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller Circulation Manager... - R. J. Hulse Circulation Assistants : ^ J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF Editor ... Joyce Williams Associate Editors............ ..Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann Advertising Manager.......... Josephine Perkins
Friday, February 28, 1936.
Issue Editor-r-J. E. Brock.
Professor Spitzer was known as the “Grand Old Man Of Indiana Agriculture.” Yesterday death took this noteworthy leader, but the results' of his efforts will always remain as a liying tribute to a lifetime of work and| achieYement. The death of Professor Spitzer is a great loss to Ms chosen ield, to his associates, and to the com-, munity, and he will be long remembered as a man who typiied the highest concepts of brilliant and faithful achievements in the scientific and educational-world. To the family of Professor Spitzer, Purdue students extend their heartfelt sympathies.
The; Strike Weapon
For many years the laboring classes had no means to combat oppression by employers.' Then, slowly, the tide turned, and with the advent of the union and the use of the strike as a weapon, organized labor began to be a most important factor. The unwise use of the strike, however, aided by the entrance of the labor racketeer, has done much to hold back the progressmade possible by organization. The coat industry was among the first to be affected by labor trouble. Conditions among workers were so poor as to be almost unbelieyeable, and improvement could be the only salvation. But the coal companies proved obstinate, and strikes stretched out for month after month. The great strike of 1925-26 did much to help the workers, but at the same time accoinplished much to their detriment. Before that strike, the coal region in northeastern Pennsylvania produced nearly ninety million tons of anthracite yearly, employing about 175,000 men. Today only 75,000 Workers are used in extracting the fuel from the earth. Machinery has displaced Some of them, it is true, but the majority were thro'wn out of work as a direct result of their strike in 1925. Consumers, unable to secure coal at that time, turned to other sources of heat and power, until now only about half as much coal is annually produced from that region. This is only one example of the unfortunate results of illadvised strikes. There are many other instances in which laborers were permanently affected. Sometimes factories will shut down and never open; again, a factory will move to a more favorable location; still again, consumers will find and use substitutes when the real thing is not available. Thus the organizer who incites strikes for the benefit of labor should consider the possibility of doing more harm than good,—W. ■T. H.' . ■ ' ■ .
Making Your Mark
By Paul R. Marshall Have you had your fingerprints taken ? This question does not imply that you have ever been charged with a crime. Today, thousands are voluntarily having their fingerprints taken and filed—along with their finger nails. Civilian fingerprinting was officially started on February 11, 1935, and headquarters and precinct stations in New York City are haildling about three hundred fingerprint volunteers per day. Everybody is eligible, but minors must be accompanied by their parents. Students, particularly you who are doubtful about future success, here is a way to make your mark in life. True, your mark will appear to represent no more than an ink spot, but the infallibility af fingerprint identification is so widely accepted that, according to the New Yorker, New York’s Police Headquarters has one file even the “fingerprints of 121 spiritualists, all of whom expect to return to earth and want some sure method of convincing skeptics of their identity.” Oh, so you fear that this identification in future years will be an impediment to you along certain lines of work, or, in the extreme case ,in unlawful undertakings? To ease your mind, let me inforni you that the fingerprints are considered the property of the person who has voluntarily filed them. This, of course, is to give people confidence in civilian fingerpriMing. Police are trying to remove the stigma. Sir Henry, of England, first appreciated the necessity of finge^rintiiig not only for local registration, but also for distant identification. Henry devised a coding system by which ridges of fingerprints were classified as to shape and formation. These lines, deltas, arches, whorls, and loops were assigned letters; and thus the principal characteristics of the fingerprints could be dispatched by correspondence or wire. It can readily be seen that with the police power and the possession of the fingerprints of the members of a community, a missing person may be quickly identified. A kidnap victim could be more easily traced, and justice could be dealt more quickly. In view of the foregoing statements, I recommend that the student body organize a movement as a medium through which they may make their marks in life ensuring future safety and happiness.
The American Liberty Leagup should be called the American Cellophane Company because: 1. It is made by DuPont. 2. You can see right thru it.—Louisville Cardinal.
CO-EDITS
'At6 Men. Siksies? ■Women are still in the pirogress of coming into their ovm. No longer can they be told (as they ofthrt are, by memhers of the opposite sex) that their intelligent is lower than that of men. Intelligence tests, widely applied, have proven the fallacy of this conception. Other tests, moreover, have made clear the distinct differences in the interests of -the two sexes. .
Prof. Edward H. Strong, Jr., of the departmejit of psychology, of Stanford University, in an article in the Journal of Social Psychology, states that through his studies of high school students, college students, and adulte, he has come to the conclusion that only farmers and engineers are true “men”, while writers, lawyers, and ministers are essentially feminine in interest. The reason given for this conclusion; is that “Few women will ever wish to enter the first two of these occupations, but many women should be expected to enter the last three.” ’
Referring to the three groups of people tested, Dr, Strong declares that both men and women become more feminine as they grow older. The characteristics of masculine and feminine interests are obtained from general preferences of men and women. Men preferred only 7 more occupations, than women, although the list amounted to 100 items. Women, however, like 10 more school subjects, seven more activities, and 19 more peculiarities of people than men.. More men than women reported that they were “quite sure of themselves”, “have mechanical ingenuity,’? and “frequently make wagers”.
Out of 350 of each sex, 68 women preferred tall men to short while only 26 men expressed this opinion. Three men and 3 women like men who use perfume. More women like poetry, private secretaries (surprisingly), airanging flowers in a room and literature. More men, however, like repairing electrical Aviring, operating machinery, engineering and popular mechanics. -
Some of the items, which were rated equally by both sexes were “usually start activities of my group”, “win friends easily”, “accept just criticism”, “have more than my share of . novel ideas”, “am always on time with my work”. They also showed a similarity of opinions regarding good and bad taste in the social world.
Perhaps this data will enable us, in the future, to decide, contrary to our own personal opinions, whether men of our acquaintances are “sissies” or “he-men”, according to preferences. Let’s investigate. —M. L.
Co“eds To Attend Basketball Playday Co-ed members and substitutes of the two W. A. A. basketball teams will attend a basketball playday at DePauw tomorrow. The first event of the day will be a non-competi-tive basketball game from 10:46 to 11:30 o’clock, with three guards from one school and three forwards from the other composing each team. Lunch will be served at the different sorority houses on the campus. At one o’clock there will be a discussion comparing the methods of carrying on intramurals and different phases of basketball. Other Features Other features of the day will be an exhibition of clog dancing, to be followed by another basketball game from 2 to 3 o’clock, and a diving exhibition to be presented J^y the DePauiv co-eds. This University will also send representatives to the state playday to be held at Indiana University March 21. A group of dancers from each college will giye their interpretation of the same piece of music. Miss Ellis will be in charge of the dancers from here. Other features of the day's program will be a;ri all-state basketball tournament and recreational and demonstrational swimming.
DEAC . HAS. EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNBR
Reader’s Digest W^ley Players To Give Contest Fat New Talent ‘‘‘Alahafttfti* ^nnilav
If your sleep is disturbed toiiite . . . it’ll be the waterbound fraterriitjr freshmen singing “River, Stay T^hy From My Door”. Proin the cOfttrib box; . Dere .Bold:& Black: . Prosh: ‘What- can I buy for a
cent?”.
Waitres; “Better try Lifebony.” - -—Count IVan..
Contest Fot New
New subject matter and fresh writing talent are the objects sought by the Reader’s digest in a cash contest they are now conducting. Five $1,000 prizes are offered for unpublished non-fiction articles ■^itten bY person who have never cohtfibuted to any national peripdical. V According to the: editors, Mh llluminatihg experience; a special knowledge of some phase of American life, or an unusual bppbftuhity
to observe human nature
hadi by individuals in any occupational fielflj ranging from student^.
‘Alabaster Box” Sunday ) “The Alabaster Box”, a spring lenten play, will be presented by the Wesley Players Sunday evening at 7:30 o?clock at the First Mi Ei church. The action takes place on the Friday^ Saturday, and Sunday of the first Holy Week in the home of Mhry ahfl MUTtha in Bothany. The cast, which includes Ruth Renfroe, Ruth Reeder, Paul Gerardj Sam Martinez, ahdv H Umbaugh,' of the University, and TVafren Gabier, of the West Side high school, has beoh directed by Re-verend William McPadden, Student pastor. Margaret Pantone,
teachers, housewives or chemists, to Max Barrows, and ehitrR MeMffSF
Pifi: “Wee Willie, looks like a ’reporters, nurses, clergjmieh, clerks compose the business staff for the
brilliant man. I suppose he knows a lot?” Petie Light: “Don’t fool yourself. He doesn’t expect a thing.” Only seven more weeks till Prom . . . IP yOu want a co-ed, you’d better call now. I don’t quite remeihber your face, but your breath is familihr. ECONITIS. Demand, supply has got me down, I’m damiiedi by competition Monopoly has come to town, Hooray for combination. I know that trusts have had their day, ,;»• . And future ones will fizz— I also, know I pay and pay On that dear daily quiz. —JEST OFF CAMPUS. On the Alpha Chi BULLetin Bored: A picture of Acacia Mitch with this titles—Pjrst in our Alfaki Aquarium. We announced an ice carnival and the ice melted—-let’s have a Regatta . . . Major Bryant To Speak To YWCA Group Major Frank W. Bryant will speak to the social service interest group of the Y. W. C. A. in the office' of the organization in the Union Building at 4 o’clock today. Using as his subject “The Temple of Scouting”, Major Bryant will describe the principles and ideals of this World-Wide youth movement. Genieve Sexsoii, chairman of the group,, will be in charge of the meeting. ANNOUNCES PLEDGING., Tau Kappa Epsilon fraternity announces the. pledging of Don F. RoWe, Dayton.
Dance to ORfALWRAY and His Orchestra ALLEN’S BALLROOM Tonight—9:00-l :00 95c
A II C TODAY - SATURDAY
CHARLES STARRETT JOAN PERRY . in “Gallant Defender” also ‘Adventures of Rex and Rinty”
Hew MAIM NOW PLAYING Indefinite Engagement All Lafayette theatre-goers are raving about it. Astaire . Ginger Rogers in the Musical Gem of the Ocean “FOLLOW THE FLEET” ^ Seven New Song Hits by IRVING BERLIN Week Day Matinees Nights and Sunday.......... ,.26c
or engineers,” No persons are eli“ production,
gible Who have ever contributed to any national magazine of the “general interest” class, ^ince it is only new and unexploited talent that is needed. College students are cited as offering particular promise.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING ■' Purdue chapter of Delta Chi fraternity announces the pledging of B. A. Nihlson, Ghica^gq; R, B, Dow, Hamburg, N. Y.; J. Marohnic, Riverside, 111.; and: J. P. Fitzgerald, Ravenna, OWo.
9ATBST SHAPES
MSMCO
(PATEMTC©)
This simple appeas>> ing yes amaelmg abBorbent filter imvention with Cello phane exterior and cooling mesh soreen interior keepe jiifiices and flakes inFilter and outof mouth. Prevents tongue
bite, raw mouth, wet bee), had odor, frequent
ixpectoration. No. breaking in. Improves thetasteand aromaofany
tobacco.
IWRKull — EXTRA! — TAILSPIN TOMMY “The Great Air Mystery”
TODAY - SATURDAY
HyMAM BAiTfr^ayAjCE-i Twluisewiy touch spread torroi and destruction..! I IdJiWPF BELA liflSISLil , W Fra^sfiRAKE MtflW
From the story by Douglas Hodges, former Lafayette and Purdue man, now Hollwood playwright. —.EXTRA t — TOM PATRICOLA BUSTER WEST
“Moonlight a,Ed Melody” '
This is Leap Year. Take advantage by attending Leap
Year Dance.
. ALLEN’S BALLROOM Tonight 9,;00-l-:00 95c
4 PHOTOS EMiargemhuits 25c
iilhr’s Stnli(i....638 Mai
a NEW KIND of a typewriter'..,
Siandardin action portable in size and weiiihi The finest portable typewriter in the world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in octioa A truly universal typewriter-for personol or office use. Yet costs no more than an ordinary portable with similar equipment. Convenient payments if yoii wish. . . *6S
SMITH-CORONA
FBEEh
©rlEmETIKIt! T en snappyi pennants —ideal deocrations for Boom os ess os grip—now fc^l Authentic, designs: ®adi pmiant bears official ^al of each University in Now given with each AtmaxitisiT or Realise pendL Seven lO-peri-nant sets altogether; each Bet different; collect them all! See Autopoints and Realites today, with the exclusive easier-writing Grip-Up and modem simplified mechanism that always works. Leads can’t wobble. All sizes, styles, colors, 25c to $3. AT AIX leading DEALERS
The Stickem Sisters! lovely gals! ...the greatest pair of Clinging Vines that ever came to Kollidge. Clever no end! Can mend and label books, mount paper on the drawing board and help in countless other places where paper or cloth most be stuck to each other or to wood, cloth, glass or leather. Ask for 'em by name! CMAS. M. HIGCINS & CO., 2?i Oth St, Bhlyn. HY. HIGGINS' DRAWING BOARD & library PASTEContinued; Players Fear Public Opinion Press" <3ispatdies ye^erd^y aiihounGed that Purdue’s
Olympic Tourney, Thfe de(nsipn of the Bphermakers to remain out of competition apparently came as a surprise to the hardwood fans and sports writers in all parts of the country, jiidg-
the
ing from the newspaper counts of the situation. The district tournament will
be held at the Butler Fieldhouse in Indianapolis, and more than twenty colleges and universities will be represented in the
tourney;
When it was found that Indiana’s net squad had entered the fifth district tourney, hopes were high that Purdue would also enter. The fact that there is a probability of the Big Ten basketball race ending in a tie between the two rival teams also added to the attractiveness of the
plan.
Team Decision The decision not to enter the matches was decided entirely by the team- According to Bob Coulter, senior manager of the net team, the majority of the squad were in favor of staying out, although they feared that public sentiment would brand them poor sports. The players regret most in staying out of the games the fact that they will be unable to meet the Hposier five from Bloomington. Faced with a more than tough schedule of twelve conference engagements during the 1935-36 scheduled season, Purdue has been on edge for every encounter. When asked why his team was not entering the Olympics, it is reported that Piggy didn’t see why his team should keep the nertous strain of competition for the months to come before the final games in Berlin. Most of the other teams in the conference entered in this district playoff have had more or less unsuccessful seasons, most of them not having had to stand the strain of trying to keep a perfect record. Three Tourneys Entering the tourney would mean three distinct and separate tourna- ■ ments in order to win one for the fifth 'district championship which includes in its area the state of Ohio, Michigan, Illinois, and Indi ana, another for the New York tourney where the winners of the district games will match in Madison Square Garden; and the final tourney where the representing team of the United States meets the foreign competitors in Berlin this summer. In a recent article published in the New York Sun, the author explained that nothing more would please the New York fans than to have the Purdue team come back to their vicinity to exhibit the Same type of basketball that the Boilermakers displayed during the Christmas holidays when they met N. Y. U. Entry List The teams that have sent in their entry lists are as follows: Indiana—Indiana university, Notre Dame,^ Ball State Teachers’ college, Central Normal college of Danville, Indiana State Teachers’ college, DePauw and Butler. Michigan—University of Detroit, Wayne university of Detroit, and Western State (tentative). Ohio—University of Cincinnati, Miami university. Western Eeserve of Cleveland, Ohio Wesleyan, Ohio State university and Marietta (tentative) and Wittenberg college (undecided). Illinois—Northwestern, DePaul of Chicago, James Millikin, Macomb Teachers’ college. Northern Illinois State Teachers’ college of Dekalb, Armour Tech of Chicago and Knox (if possible) and Illinois (tenta
tive).
Athletes To Cbmip^te Carnival
Annual Sdieduied
For
Gircns Wed-
Purdue’s own three ring athletic circus, with ’‘Chief”. Olevett as ringmaster, will present an evening of fast-moving sports for the entertainment of the student body and the general public next Wednesday evening, March 4. Every corner of the gymnasium will serve as a sawdust ring with running, slugging, and jumping whichever way one may look. The Silver Derby will be the i^ature of this year’s carnival. Four man teams will be entered in each of the relay events, and a trophy will be awarded to the winner of each race. These races will undoubtedly be the most amusing part of the entire carnival for each one is designed with the purpose of
FLOTO BE HEER Iowa Center
Ward 3 Defeats Thetas IMermen Take 5 Firsts
opening the co-ed intranaural basketball toutnamettt, Ward 3 defeated Kappa Alpha Thetai 7 to 2, yesterday afternbon in the Wohxen’s Gymnasium. The games schediiled for yesterday will be played next week. .
Boilermakers Play Iowa Tomorrow
Few Tickets Remain For Final Home Game Of'Seasdh
Iowa’s center duties will be well taken care of by DeHeer tomorrow night when the Hawkeyes invade the home court for the second game of a home and home series between the two schools this season. In the first meeting of the two teams earlier in the season, Purdue’s last minute attack defeated Iowa by a one point margin.
Trackmen Will Face Chicago In Meet Tomorrow
Improve Your. Dancing By EnroUinK in Our New Advanced Class In Ballroom Doncini? TONIGHT Late Dances Tanght Truckin, Hesitation Waltz and late Fox Trot
ALLEN’S
6th & ferry
Led by Captain Glendenning, the Purdue trackmen will tackle the highly touted University of Chicago performers in a dual meet at the Chicago Fieldhouse tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock. The Chicago tekm captained by Jay Berwanger, famous for foot ball, will furnish plenty of opportunity for the Boilermakers to show their best. With Berwanger tossing the shot, and Ellingswood and Beal in the running events, the Maroon has an outfit they may well be
proud of. Moore Out
Purdue, minus the services of Co-capta|n Moore, will nevertheless be represented by a galaxy of potentialstars in all events. With Glendenning carrying the brunt of the attack in both the half and the mile events, and Stalcup, Delong and ,Vaughn-Catt performing in the dashes, the Gold and Black can be counted upon to niake a good showing. Lemeh^ Blumen, and Fifield Will kick up their heels in the 440 and Terhune and Soles in the half and Gory and Janos in the mile along with Lemen and Schilling in the hurdles complete the participants in the running events. In the field events McCannon will soar up and over in the pole vault and Lemen, Abercrombie, and Williamson will high jump while Grant and Andres fight it out with Berwang-
er in the shot-put.
The Purdue team is already pointing towards the Butler Invitational to be held in the Butler Fieldhouse on March 21. With Moore back in harness for this important event,- the tracksters are determined to make a good show-
ing. .
causing the runner the utmost dif--ficulty in attaining his goal. One of the most amusing of these races will be the Horseback Race, with one rider and four “horses”. The “horses” will hot be brought from the Ag campus but will be stud ents who have the idea that they are as “strong as a horse” and are willing to prove it. Another of these relays is the barrel race in which the runner drags himself around the track inside a barrel. In the sack race the runners are tied, up inside a burlap sack and attempt to hop around the track without falling over. Other events include the stilt race, three-legged race, wheel barrow race, and the tricycle race. Boxing and Wrestling The boxing and wrestling bouts will probably prove as popular as in former years. Boxers and wrestllighter ahd heavier weight classes, ers are urged to sign up in the The Golden Gloves fighters will not compete in the regular bouts. Gold and Silver medals will be awarded to the winner and runner-up
each division.
Gold, silver and bronze medals will be awarded to the men placing first, second, and third respectively in the rope climbing and mile walking events. A team trophy will be awarded the winner of the tug-of-war contest. The relays will be run the same as in past years with fqur gold and two silver medals awarded the winners. A tumbling contest has been added this year. An additional feature will be the track meet between the members of the Varsity track squad. Participation points will be given fraternities, and an Athletic Carnival participation trophy is to be awarded to the fraternity accumulating the greatest number of
points.
BY DON WILSON
Captain Paul Vemor once more led his swimming team to a-victory last night by downing a tough Washington University (St. Louis) aquatic squad by a total score of 50 to As in previous ineets, Vernor showed his capaliilitiea to hold down his position as captain by placing first in t#6 dashes and placing second in
Purdue’s hopes of figuring in the Big Ten title distribution for the third successive year will be at stgke here. tomorrow night as the Boilermakers tackle Iowa’s danger ous quintet in a return battle that will mark the last home appearance of the season for the Lambertmen. Sharing the leadership in the conference chase with Indiana, the Boilermakers are in a position where a victory will be essential to the retention of title hopes, particularly in view of the return battle with Michigan at Ann Arbor a week from tomorrow that will bring the season to a close.
Pat Did It
The Hawkeyes loom as a formidable foe for the Boilermakers, who have shown the strain of the keen title chase in their last two encounters. It took a last second shot by Pat Malaska in the original encounter at Iowa City to give Purdue a thrilling 39-38 victory. Tickets Go The title complexion of the coming battle has resulted in a steady rush for tickets, according to Ticket Manager C. S.-Doan. Although there will in all probability be a few tickets available at the Jefferson high school gymnasium tomorrow evening before game time, a checkup at the ticket agencies last night revealed that there were only a little more than 400 tickets for the game still re-
maining.
The remaining tickets are on sale over the counter at Deckers "in Lafayette; Deacs and Southworths in West Lafayette and at the Purdue ticket office.'
a third swim. Closson, Wallace and Davenport also made very good showings for themselves as well as for the squad in general; by snatching a first place each. As far as the events in which more than one man was required to swim for each team—mainly the 400 yard free style relay and the 300-yard medley, the, results were tied as Purdue took the former with a good time of 4:04.4 and Washington grabbed the latter with a time of 3:16.8, The first of those two was swum by a four man team, thus scoring eight points for Purdue and the last Was swum by a three man squad and only rated six points to Washington for getting
first place.
/
Winning Medley Squad
Washington’s winning medley squad was composed of Kiessling, Brand and Skinner and Purdue’s defeated medley squad Was com-
posed Of Kerber, VanDelsterj 'and Closson. The team which Won the free style relay was composed of Wallace, Stewart, Whitcomb and Closson, while Washington’s squad was made up of Burdick, Mead, Tbon, and Winkelmeyer. Tabulated results;- for the meet
were as follows: •
400-yard Free Style Relay. Purdue, first; Washington, second. Time, 4:04.4. 200-yard Breast Stroke. Brand, first (Wash.),: Pickering, second (Wash.) ; VanDelster, third (Purdue). Time, 2:46.4., 150-yard Back Stroke. Kiessling, firrt (Wash) ( Kerber, second (Purdue) ; Staley, third (Wash.). Time, 1:46.6; 60-yard. Free Style. Vemor, first (Pnrdue) ; Winkelmeyer, second (Wash.) ; Skin- " ner, third (Wash.). Time, :31.8; 440-yard Free Style. Closson, first (Phrdue) ; Whitcomb, second (Ihirdue) ; Deutseh, third (Wash.). Time, 5:39.7. lOOi-yard Free Style. Wallace, fir^ (Purdue) ; Vernor, second (Pnrdne) > Winkelmeyer, third (Wash.). Time, :68.9. " Divlhg. Davenport, first (Purdue); Barnes, second (Purdue); Rubin, third (Wash.) 220-yard Free Style, Vernor, first (Purdue) ; Mead, second (Wash.) ; Gillis, third (Purdue). Time, 2:23.3. 300-yaord Medley. Washington, .firs!; Purdue, second. Time, 3:16.8. Coaches: A. E. Eilers, Washington; L. W. LaBree, Purdue.
Urimfe. Milk for M®Fe
Call JOHNSON.
Phone 41S32
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Union dairy
Manufacturer has grand piano which they Would like to dispose of in this community. High grade, almost new. Willing to sacrifice for cash or will take payments if necessary. An opportunity for somebody. Piano can be seen by appointment. If interested, write G. E. West, Gen. Del., Lafayette.
Military Dept. Will Choose Crack Squads
Attend the Leap Year ■ Dantee Tonight'
ALLEN’S BALLROOM 9:00-1-.00 95c
Preparation for the distinguished squad competition, to be held March 26, is now well under way. Under the direction of Captain Duell, ten squads are mastering the art-nf handling a 156 millimeter howitzer. Each squad consists of eleven sophomores military students under the command of a junior cadet oflScer. The squads will be in training for seven weeks. The winning squads will be awarded citations and medals according to their relative merit.
The thinking fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blach Cars for Special Occasioiis 26c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
We invite yon to inspect onr new store at 827-29 Main Street and see the latest in 1936 RADIOS, WASHERS, REFRIGERATORS, APPLIANCES.
FtfidLay asi4 Sataarday Feh. 0S and :39
OPENING
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the
MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
6 Metal Tubes Short Wave 12" Dynamic Speaker Superheterodyiie
$69.50 THOR WASHERS
For Old Ice Box...............
Safe Carrene
Hermetically Sealed 5 Year Guarantee Available... SEE the Beautiful 1936 Line. ; $1.50 TABLE LAMPS 98c
MODEL
$129.50'
.20.00
827 Main Street
Phone 7950
i4
'■'’■SS'Stfeil
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MA-^ i3HINES----Pot sale, tent, repAir^ And bbiiiiihl Mnltigraph and ininie^ ojgraph work done. C. P. Ebershoft, 666 Main St. Phohe 2779.
Lost ^ Black Scotch terrier. Named Kiltie. Reward. Phone 7910* 777 Russell, W. L.
NOTIGES
No notices acc^ted after 6 p. m.
Condition Examd in Hfetd^—Exams for removal of conditions in all courses in hiS' tory, economics and govermnent will be held Saturday, March 7, 1 p. m., in r<kiih 313, Recitation Building. . Application must be made prior to that time at the history office. Recitation Building. • . —ESTEY.
Chemistry Condition Exams—^Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 Will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —NELSON.
Condition Exam—^An exam for the removal of conditions in chemistry 1 will be given in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. m. Application for permission to take this exam must be made at room 2i0, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By special arrangement an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not he given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Winterrowd Contest—The final date for entering the Winterrowd library contest has been put forward; to March 7. Entrants must send the list of their books to the chairman of the committee, 208 University Hall. —CREEK.
Gold I Peppers—Important meeting in Union, room 1, at 4 today. —HUTCHINSON.
Y. W. C. A. Co-eds—All girls who have signed Y. W. C. A. membership cards, hut have riot paid one dollar dues, must do so before March 6 to be able to vote at elec tions March 18. Be sure your narrie is included in the eligibility list at the Y. W. C. A. office. —GOBBLE.
Wesley Foundation Coundl—The regular monthly breakfast will be held Sunday morning at the Foundation house at 8. —WARREN.
Union Committees—Will our committees please report to the Union sub-hasement at 4 today. —PUGH, OHAVER, SHOEMAKER.
Cosmopolitan Club—Very important meeting tonight at 7 in the reception room of the Union. All members are expected to attend. SOO.
W. A. A. Hiking^—Any co-ed having hiking points turn them in to me by tomorrow. —TUBBS.
Silver Derby—Crutch race has been changed to stilts. —HAMILTON.
Purdue Christian Foundation—Students’ annual banquet tonight at the\ First Christian church at 6. For late reseWations call 66643 not later than noon today. Those selling tickets please check in with me at the banquet tonight or Sunday. —BERRY.
Co-ed. Fencing—Practice wilt be held every 'Tuesday and Thursday night at 7 :30 unless otherwise stated. —HADLEY.
Y. W. C. A. Social Service Committee-r-Meeting in office today at 4 with. Major Bryant as speaker. —SEXSON.
Ghoir Will Appear At Flora! ExMMt
The University Concert Choir will be featured in the exhibition of corsages. and bouquets arranged by the State Floral Convention next Thursday evening at 7:30 o’clbck in the Memorial Union ballroom. The program will open with a, garden scene with an elaborate floiral. arrangement and a choral production, «To A Wild Rose”, by McDowell. Corsages appropriate to certain Seasons and days will be modelled against a musical background. Among the more spectacular scenes will be an Easter parade with the choir in robes, singing Catholic Easter music. The back drop will be a church setting decorated with Easter flowers. A wedding, featuring bridal flowers for the bride, maid of honor and bridesmaids, has been planned as a part of the program. The finale will be held in a formal garden, and all of the flowers will be modelled and shown again. The program is open to the public. Prof. E, R. Honeywell, of the floriculture department, is in charge of the flower show, and Albert P, Stewart will arrange the music.
Risk Dental Clinic
PAUL A. RISK ROBERT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
Toni^Kt
Leap Year Dance ALLEN'S BALLROOM 9;00-1:00 95c
8UBSCSIBB NOW FOB THE EXPONENT
Steer Will Speak At Speech Clinic Today
Ih the third of a series of speeches planhied for students who sthtter, M. jJ* Stser will deliver the lecture this afternopn in room 310 6f Uniiversity Hall. Chiange of an individual’s Hatural'-hfindedHeM^ is the phase of Speech defect whifeli will be brought out by Mr. Steer. Interruption of the nornial funcr tiohing of & persdn’s liefvotis system is often widespread enough to hinder the speech. The lectures are under the auspices of the University speech clinic.
Ice Age Returns; Students Keep : Doctors Rusiy
By Frances McKee
If you have been discouraged by the file of people" enterihg and leaving Dr. Miller’s office lately, we have good news for- you: people are not dying rapidly and disease is not rampant. No! Those entering the Student Health Service office are suffering to a large extent from the effects of the return of the iceage. Frost bites, bruises, contusions, and a few fractures along with the common cold and sore
throat which accompany such continued cold weather as We have been having ran the patients up to 186 on February 17, that worst of all days, when one crept along near the ground expecting to fall each moment.
Gn this day,: fburteen Spiaihs ahd four concussions^hiefly bruised el-bows-^with sixty-one new, colds, helped set; R lii^ :inafk The nurnber of X-ray exjuninaHonS also has; gone up, for inatny people fall, and an X-ray examination is necessary to determine Whether or hot a break has occiirred.
Do You Remember? Do; you remember January 23, during finals ? On. that day twentyfour frozen ears and two frozen noses were treated. Howevei’, Dr. Miller says, “The students are beginning to learn to wear proper clothingj and we’ve had fewer frost bites; bdt therb is still room for much improvement.” While inspecting the health department records, we noticed that Mondays were the worst days through the record. “Why?” we asked. The reply; was to the effect that students are more active over the week-end and therefore come around Monday morning with many different ailments. ■ Proof Of Vacation The curve of the number of paj tients treated by the health depai’t-
ment turns up just before Christmas and just before spring vacRtion—proof that we really do need vacations. We retRrn to the weather and its effects. The ambunt of flu and measles, notably of the fbrmer, has been very, very low compared to last year. “This isn’t flu weather,” says Dr. Miller.
AkPHA CHI 6MEGA TO HOLDvALOfliNAE'RAlto
Members of thb Alpha Chi Omega Alumnab Cltib vml fee hosiesses tb-
morrow evening from 9 to 12 p. m. at an informal leap year party at Duncan iVfemoriRl Hall.
Throughout the evenirig, the guests will be enibrtRihed hjr dancing and games of bridge and mbnopoly, and refreshmehtS will be served. Tickets for the dance, that is open, may be purchased for 66 cents at the Alpha Chi house or at the door.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Sigma Nu announces the pledging of C. V. Fenwick, Goodland; W. J. Smith, Rocky River, Ohio; and E. C. Svendseh,’Indianapolis.
.Cadet, Officers Named On Luttcheoii Committee
Announcement was made yesterday of the appointment of the Cad-
,lh"( ;. .i'. -! 1 ."'“Itl t v ■ ‘ ... ' ■ '“‘A,, ; mr ‘ '. '..
mm
Just call the Linen Supply, phbne 2000, and let them take
•eaTe: heedi>;'u ^
WES U P i» L Y
WUY BUY?
et Officers Luncheon committee: for the second semester. Cadet second lieutenants S. P. Davis, S. T. Brewei’, D. R. Tam, W. I. Spitler, and E. S. Lowman, members Of, last semester’s committee, were reappointed, and cadet second lieutenants W.E. Anderson, P. C. Wray, J. A. DeGroot, 0. W. Buenting, and R. A. Hartman are the new mem-
bers. S. P. DrvIs is the chairnian of the committee. The first meeting will be held Monday afteirnoon at .4 o’clock in the Armory, and arrRngements will be made for the semester’s plans, which include a luncheon at the end of March, an inspection banquet in May, and a smoker for sophomores at the end of May.