This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY March 4, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 126
I
I
ml
Florists Close Annual Convo With Musicale The eleventh annual Indiana Florists’ Conference, marked by many discussions on better methods of raising flowers, closed last night with a Floral Musical as the climaxing feature. The University Glee Club, dilected by Albert P. Stewart, furnished the musical background for models as they passed in review with flowers and dresses representing the various seasons of the year. Opening the musical, St. Valentine’s Day was presented, with June Conklin and Harold Schulte modeling. Next came St. Patrick’s Day, with Mary Wien and Ted Cabonargi wearing the green colors. Easter Parade Easter parade was next, with Mr. and Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael, Fern Honeywell, Dean V. C. Freeman, Rufina Sexton, and John Leonard presenting the fashions. Prom and Mother’s Day were the next seasons presented, with Eva Robertson furnishing the musical background for Mother’s Day. The Bridal Scene, Husband and Wife, Christmas, and New Year’s were next on the program, with the Glee Club singing “Hail Purdue” as the grand finale. Wiim Holland, ICA Secretary, To Speak Next Week Grover Rose, president of the ASCE, announced last night that William Holland, executive secretary of the Indiana Contractors’ Association, will speak here next Wednesday. Holland acted as a lobbyist in Congress recently, working for the recent proposal by which the Federal government would take over the highway systems. The subject of the talk has not been announced as yet, for Holland has just returned from Washington and has not been 1 cached. The meeting will be held in the lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building at 7:30 p. m. Plans for the present semester will be announced at this meeting.
Mary Ed Johnston, Petite Blonde...
C. Wickard Explains Aims Of New AAA Act Claude Wickard, former Carroll county farmer and present director of the AAA North Central region which includes Indiana, attended the two-day AAA meeting at the University. He explained to committeemen, Purdue extension supervisors, and fieldmen, the provisions and intentions of the recent AAA act. Market quotas provided for in the act, asserted Wickard, were designed to control marketing in years of surplus production. In addition to Wickard, other AAA officials attending to explain provisions of the new act were L. B. Ellis of the statistical department, and P. Hodges of the North Central region office. Zouaves Will Present Maneuvers In Cliicaio Zouaves, University drill squad honorary, has been invited to present its maneuvers as a feature of the National Indoor Polo Games to be held in the 124th Field Artillery Armory at Chicago tomorrow night. A 25-minute exhibition, sandwiched between the two main games will make up the program. Leaving here tomorrow morning, the group plans to spend the evening in Chicago and then go up the lakefront to Fort Sheridan, visiting the Great Lakes Training Station.
Sophomore Mopefuls^ Drill Daily For Annual Gun Squad Competition By J. C. Woodson
For the past two weeks, 8 hopeful
squads of 11 hopeful sophomores each have spent an hour every evening, except Monday, in the Armory, tirelessly and skillfully drilling on the 156 millimeter howitzers. They do this every year in the MT department . . . it’s sort of a tradition. And the sophomores take to it
like a duck takes to water. It’s hard work, too. A 155 how-
itzer weighs almost five tons, and is one of the most unmanageable pieces of fabricated steel imaginable. And yet a crack squa^ of sec-ond-year men can, and does, unlimber the piece and prepare it for fir-
ing action within 30 seconds. The military department, real-
izing the time and effort these hope-
fuls are spending on this year’s competition, are doing their part. The squad winning the competition, to be held next Tuesday and Wednesday evenings in the Armory, will be awarded a medal and a citation for each man. The other squads will be awarded citations and merits at the discretion of the judging committee, headed by Major War-
ren.
During this week, the gun squads have been putting the final touches on their drill, with supervision from military officers, as well as the cadet officers in charge. According to Col. C. S. Blakely, head of the military department, student and the general public are invited to attend the actual competition on Tuesday.
. . . has been in the limelight of campus productions many times both this year and last ye^ir. In her latest starring vehicle, “Of Thee I Sing,” she plays the part of the secretary to the president’s wife. Strangely enough, no romance with her employer’s husband is involved. Last year’s “Black and Tan Fantasy” and “Castles in the Air,” this year’s Pontiac Varsity Show, and good-natured jibes in Bold and Black have skidded her into the unofficial title of “most publicized girl on the campus.” Mary Ed is 5’ 1”, weighs 110 pounds. Peculiarly, bridge, a comparatively quiet sport, is her favorite means of recreation. Says she can cook, preferably fudge cupcakes. Ticket- Reservations Ticket reservations for the AllCampus production “Of Thee I Sing” will begin Monday at 1 p.m. in the Playshop office of Eliza Fowler Hall. The office will be open from 1 to 5 p. m. every day next week, according to W. K. Milne, ticket chairman. The show is swinging into the final round of rehearsals and according to Dramatics Director Ken Carmichael and Music Director A1 Stewart, the show is rounding out nicely and will be in good shape for its premier performance Friday night, March 11. Ticket coupons sold this week can be exchanged for reserved seats by calling at the Fowler Hall office. Preference in seats will be given to holders of these coupons. Xeiliig Zero' Will Use Large Number Of Sound Effects Destined, according to its director, Gilbert Dunbar Williams of the speech department, to use the largest number of sound effects in the history of Playshop, “Ceiling Zero,” Playshop’s latest opus, got under way yesterday afternoon with cast try-outs from 4 to 7 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. This play will be rather serious drama compared with some of Playshop’s other productions, Williams said. Approximately 50 students tried out for the 22 parts in the play. Each student was told the general theme of the play and given a part to read. Final selections will be made at a second rehearsal about the middle of next week. “This play is very well adapted to Purdue, with its present ed to co-ed ratio,” stated Williams. ‘There are only four feminine parts out of the 22 total.” The plot of “Ceiling Zero” concerns itself with the operations of a large, mythical eastern airport, and the scene is laid in the central control room of this airport terminal. With planes crashing into the buildings next to the control room, the hum of motors, and the regular overtones of airport activity to contend with, the sound effects crew will have its hands well filled. Since production for “Squaring the Circle,” to be directed by H. Kenn Carmichael will not be started for sometime, only five tried out for it last night. However, Carmichael will hold auditions for its cast in the near future, Williams stated last evening.
Fredericks. Croft Win Hanley Prizes
R. B. Stewart Will Dismantle Piano In Union Tonight By the Roving Reporter Chances are that you have all felt the primeval urge to take an alarm clock apart, but have you ever stopped to think what sport it would be to dismantle the living room piano? Not only have you ^ never stopped to ponder over it, but perhaps you’ve never even heard of its being done . . . before. But things stranger than fiction happen on the University campus, as those who are able to crowd into the Music Room this evening at 7:15 will testify. To Dismantle Piano R. B. Stewart, University controller recently returned from Florida, with the assistance of Edward Freeberg, local piano-tuner, will take the music room’s grand piano to pieces and scatter it all over the floor, Stewart giving a talk on “Piano Construction” the while. But this is only the beginning—^he will then reassemble the piano, and Edith Mills, of the University staff, will play several selections. Well Qualified Because of his familiarity with the construction of all makes of pianos, Stewart is very well qualified to conduct the fourth in the present series of music appi’eciation hours. According to Ted Cabonargi, Union vice-president in charge of music room programs, the public is invited and will be accommodated to the extent of the room’s capacity. Gpslists Will Perform Tooigiif Students taking physical education should make a special effort to attend the demonstration of rhythmic gymnastics and apparatus work, to be given tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium, according to Pi'ofessor Helen Hazelton of the department of physical education. Sixteen trained men and women from the Normal College of the American Gymnastic Union, Indianapolis, will perform on the parallel bars, rings, and mats with rarely witnessed skill. A special invitation is extended by those in charge, to all students who are majoring or minoring in physical education. Mixed recreation, planned for tonight, has been postponed so that those who intended to participate will be able to see the exhibition. Kappa Alpha Theta . . . . . . sorority announces the following new officers chosen at a meeting Wednesday night: President, Betty Hiner, West Lafayette ; vice-president, Marianne Cummings, Indianapolis; corresponding secretary, Betty Masters, Indianapolis; treasurer, Martha Norman, Indianapolis; and rush captain, Betty Elstun, Hammond.
With his speech on “Sales Across the Sea,” a discussion of reciprocal trade agreements between the United States and other countries, J. W. Fredericks, PSE ’38, gained an advantage over W. D. Croft, ME ’40, to win the $50 first prize in the Second Annual Hanley Public Speaking Contest. J “I feel very fortunate to have
been selected as winner of the Hanley Contest, considering the quality of the speeches,” Fredericks told
repoiters last night.
On being asked if he had any plans for the $50, he went on to say, “I have no immediate plans for spending the money; it will go directly to the bank. From there I don’t know
where it will go.”
Fredericks presented his subject in such a way that the audience could understand and uphold his points. The chief argument m favor of reciprocal trade agreements, according to Fredericks, is the fact that it increased the foreign trade of the United States between 12 and
15 per cent. Sharecroppers
W. D, Croft, runner-up, outlined a striking need for more humane treatment of the share-crop-pers. In his speech, “What Price Tenancy?” Croft called attention to the fact that the tenant-farmers are being bled by the unfair people with whom they trade. He cited that most of the sharecroppers could “study astronomy through the ceiling and geology through the floors of their meager homes.” Question From Audience A question by a member of the audience, “Do you think the government could manage the suggested project of giving the tenant-farmers a chance?”— brought a vehement reply from Croft. “The only thing the government could do to help them is—to leave them alone,” he
stated.
AAUP Will Debate Attendance Rule Of much-discussed importance to
juniors, seniors, and distinguished students, the voluntary class attendance ruling will come to the fore in a debate-dinner meeting sponsored by the University Chapter of the American Association of University Professors next Monday in the Home Economics Building. Prof. C. O. Lee, president of the AAUP, will act as toastmaster-chan man for the dinner and the discussion following, which is to begin at 6:15.
At the open meeting, the question
“Resolved: That the present system of ‘Voluntary class attendance for juniors, seniors and all distinguished students’ at Purdue should be abolished,” will be debated by the Committee on the State of the
University.
Prof. F. H. Hodge, secretarytreasurer of the AAUP, urges all faculty members to attend and join in the discussion. Tickets are now on sale for 65 cents apiece at Prof. Hodge’s office in the Recitation
Building.
Debris Boird Plans Staff Rating Scale For Sopbomores In a Debri^ board meeting Wed-
nesday afternoon in the Union office, board members formulated a rating scale for sophomore assistants on the Debris business stuff. “This won’t wholly determine the junior staff,” said business manager Siebenthal, “but it will influence
the selections.”
Ratings are determined on total points obtained by the sophomores, one point being given for each of the Debris sold at $4; three for all those sold at $4.50; and five, for those sold at $5. One-half point will be awarded for books sold at registration, one point for attending the weekly sales meetings, and one point for each hour of work. Knight III; Sigma Xi Postpones Meeting Because of the illness of Professor Samuel Knight of the University of Wyoming, the open meeting of Sigma Xi scheduled for tonight has been postponed. Professor Knight, of the Wyoming biology department, intended to give a talk on the “Origin of the Laramie Range,” an explanation of the formation of a mountain.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy today' and tomorrow. Light snow Friday night and Saturday. Slowly rising temperature. Yesterday’s temperatures: Low, 26; high, 32; mean, 29.
When contacted last night, Croft had no statement to make to the Exponent “misquoter,” but said he would use the $30 to make a trip home to Tennessee during spring vacation. Other speakers on the roster— and their respective subjects—^were Hugh Forster, who spoke on “Community Cancers;” Don Sinish, “One Moment Please;” Joe Rittenhouse, “Consider the Average Man;” and Robert Sasser, “Ghosts of the NRA.” Speeches Interlock The speeches frequently interlocked, and those who spoke later in the program referred many times to the previous speeches. Professor A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, acted as chairman and introduced the speakers. In his introduction to the contest. Dean Potter stated that “success in business often depends upon the ability to express oneself.” Judges’ Decision At the end of the six speeches, averaging seven minutes each. Professor A. H. Monroe, of the University speech department, announced the judges decisions and presented the awards of $60 and $30 to the winners. Professor G. A. Young, Professor W. V. Owen, Professor A. H. Monroe, Professor R. G. Thomas, L. S. Winch, and Walter Scholer acted as judges.
Mathematics Department Starts Research Work With Munches^
Editor’s Note: This is the seventh of a series of articles dealing with research activities at Purdue. Other articles of similar nature will be published two or three times a week.
By H. I. Stanback “Most any research in mathematics starts with a hunch!” declares Professor C. Lanczos, “there isn’t any other logical way to begin, so intuitive assumptions start us off . . . sometimes toward valuable findings, sometimes to years of fruitless effort.” Professor Lanczos, of the Univei’sity math department, is one of about half a dozen faculty men who ■‘are investigating different fields of mathematics. He has collaborated with the eminent mathematician Albert Einstein, and one of his pres-
ent research activities is very much akin to Einstein’s work on the Relativity Theory. Get ‘Hunch’ First Going on to tell how it is possible to conduct research in such a field as mathematics. Professor Lanczos explains, “We at first get a hunch that a certain idea must be correct. Then we find its proof, and finally apply it to further advancements. “The famed mathematician Gauss, exclaimed once, concerning a research, ‘All my results are ready; but I don’t know yet how they could be proved’!” Two Investigations Two separate investigations have occupied most of Professor Lanczos’ time recently. Reports of the
first were mailed two weeks ago to the national magazine. Annals of Mathematics. Prof. Einstein has referred to this investigation in a recent letter as follows: “Under all circumstances your results are important for all future considerations.” Einstein suggested the Annals of Mathematics as a suitable medium for publication, particularly since his own paper will appear in this magazine soon. “Since Einstein has discovered his theory and explained gravity on a purely geometrical basis, one is tempted to find similar explanation for other fundamental forces of nature, particularly those of electricity!” Professor Lanczos comments. He has been trying to generalize
those “field equations” Einstein set up for the phenomena of gravity, and work out their applications to electric fields. Highly Speculative All this work is highly speculative, based on a complicated geometry developed about 80 years ago by a mathematician named Riemann. Mathematical and philosophical reasoning is applied in the attempt to solve the riddles of the Universe. “Forces are artificial substitutes but not real explanations for physical phenomena!” says Lanczos. “We cannot understand their significance but Einstein has shown that adopting the Riemannian geometry eliminates the necessity for the ‘force
of gravity.’ “The thought of eliminating in a similar way the forces of electricity, and explaining electric phenomena as the outcome of geometry, is indeed alluring.” Simplifies Power Series Development of a simplified method for expansion of power series has been Professor Lanczos’ other research activity. He has found a method much more efficient than the ordinary way . . . more efficient because his scheme makes it possible to approximate given functions much more accurately with a smaller number of terms and less laborious calculations. Extremely useful to the engineer in “curve fitting,” this method is
actually simple enough to be taught in Purdue’s graduate mathematics courses. With ordinary power series expansion methods, higher powers of the unknowns are thrown out. Lanczos’ method, however, eliminates this cause of inaccuracy, because instead of throwing out these higher powers, Lanczos reduces them to lower powers and adds them into his evaluation of the expansion. With this new method, empirical data or curves from such data can be fitted with an approximate mathematical expression, or a highly complicated mathematical function can be replaced by a simple power series.^diiifdjaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dCujvufi.
Friday, March 4, 1938
Editor's Note: It’s the old conflict between activities and prades again. After reading Vicky s letter to “Dear Papa Purdue’' in jeslerday's paper, one of our Exponent co-eds decided to express her ideas in somewhat the same manner. She wrote the following letter, presumably after flunking a test on account of work here at the office. Dear Editor: The brightest dimwits on the campus are the activities men and women. What suckers they are! They come here, nice gullible little freshmen, filled with enthusiasm and hope of achieving a great deal in every way in their years at college. Among other things they absorb is the admonition, “Go out for some activities!” Fraternities and sororities send their pledges out to enroll in organizations after school hours. Independent students believe the stuff blown off by the activities shots during the registration program, not realizing that the poor fools are always optimistic at the beginning of the semester, with at least a week of sleep and rest behind them from the summer. The freshmen, after the dullness of some of the classes, find that running_ around for some worthy projects such as Debris, Exponent, Engineer, Union, WSGA, WAA, YWCA, Independent, Play shop, etc., is enjoyable and stimulating. They like meeting people. They think they can see results from their work. Get In Deeper So they get in deeper. By the time they are sophomores, those who earnestly want to be elected to positions in the particular activity, according to the Purdue method of knocking off many of the workers, are spending most of their times and energies on their work. Some students realize they are here to get a diploma, at any rate, and forego the violent efforts to achieve positions in activities. Those are the intelligent ones. They know that a great many professors disapprove of extra-curricular activities; that there is little recognition of work and achievement in outside occupations with prospective employers. They get down to business. They study. They attend classes no matter what else is happening on the campus; they never miss a class because they are meeting a train or reading a book by someone they are to interview. They've Had Some Sleep They never sit in class miserable, or wait in the Health Service Office to get relief from a stomach ache or headache caused by being up all night working on an activity. They don’t go to class to sleep because they’ve had some sleep—they haven’t been having the glorious thrill of putting the paper to bed! Neither do they get growls from their professors because of tiredness. They don’t need a sojourn in the hospital. Their professors don’t rant at them as if it were a personal matter because of a story or a picture or a game that didn’t please the faculty. Oh, the people that skip activities are smart! The education department says that heads of activities have high orientation grades practically invariably. Yet it is rare to find an ac-
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^sociated CoUegiate '$[vcgs
MADISOM WISCONSIN
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions ?3 per year; by mail $3.60. REPHE9ENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave Nevy York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - San Francisco
S
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Manacer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managring Editor J. E. Brock Associate Editors — D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Busrr^ESS staff Assistant Business Manager— — —J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M- C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Frederick Friday, March 4, 1938
Silly activities suckers!
Vicky’s Sister.
Letters to the Editor
Two Foresters Seek Luck In South Editor’s Note: Last Friday afternoon Glen Hildebrand and George Young, University senior forestry students, set out to hitchike down South, with intentions of interviewing lumbermen about employment after graduation. They planned to be gone for about 10 days. A letter, postmarked “Birmingham,” from George early this week told of their luck in catching rides to that city via Indianapolis and Louisville. George wrote, in part: “All through Kentucky and part of Tennessee, especially on the high knobs, we observed patches of corn on land that we would ordinarily use ks a bobsled run. Corn seems to be the main crop and, on reliable authority, yields 10 gallons per acre.” Last night the following airmail letter came in from Glen. Evans ^Hotel, Milton, Florida March 1, 1938. Dear Bip: Continuing our written discussion of the last letter, I may say that we have been through some mighty interesting and beautiful country. After reaching Birmingham Saturday evening, we retired but to waken this morning with a beautiful sunrise. Birmingham is a truly southern city, set in a big valley with thousands of acres of timber. The southern pine is delightfully prominent and thick—growing on all the large hills ■ around Birmingham.
Coming out of this city, one drives almost straight up for several miles by many curving steps. The second tallest statue in the world, “Vulcan,” is just outside the city limits. A wonderful structure, built wholly of iron. Negroes Live Poorly All the way to Mobile, Ala., and through Montgomery can be seen iiouse after house: roughly constructed, no windows, no paint, and doors wide open. About nine-tenths of the population is negro and they Jive very poorly. All the houses are
set upon posts or stone, with no basement. Oh, yes, the new 5 million dollar court house at Birmingham is made entirely of Indiana limestone from Bedford—a beautiful structure. The Sunday schools are just little houses, no paint, and people gather there from miles around. Alabama Has Fine Roads The ground in Alabama is all plowed on contours in order when it does rain to hold the water. As far as state pride goes, Alabama has
Bill Upton, student fireman, just achieved something new in getting to class. The doughty romeo arrived at the Fieldhouse yesterday in the West Lafayette squad car for a 2 o’clock class.
POME (Perhaps) Today we met a campus goon, Twas just a bit past noon. Her face does haunt us still And we think it always will. For the beauty culture had given all, Dame Nature forgot to make a call. Now poetry is not in our line, So please excuse this lousy rhyme So we’ll stop this torture now And take our little bow. But God help us till next June, For each day we’ll see that goon. It’s awful, but it was contributed and far be it from us to neglect a budding genius. The marriage mystery is still a .mystei’y but we hear that a group is nearing a solution. Here’s hoping . . . they get it right. If you want to know why the quintuplets were girls instead of boys, phone 3301 and ask for a frosh . . . he’ll be glad to tell you.
tivity head with high grades, and a high scholastic index. They aren’t the 6.5ers! Instead, you’re apt to find them registering on C days. Belong On Pedestals Some are out and out wonders. Some make distinguished, and achieve in their outside projects too. Some seem to have had enough sleep. Those aren’t included here. They belong on pedestals, where everyone can gaze in astonishment and pride at them. But it is the poor benighted workers who stay up till all hours working on something to benefit the University (they hope), who struggle interestedly with problems of all kinds in their outside work, and gain much from it, but who displease their parents. University staff, and prospective employers with mediocre grades. They are the dumb ones, since grades count so much and even educational activities are frowned upon.
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Listeners, attention — and course, that means everyone.
of
P. S. May I come down early to work tomorrow, if the office will be open ? I have a grand idea for a series of stories, that I’m all excited about. V. S.
its highways to show it. I have never been in any state that has as good a highway system. We stopped in Montgomery, the capitol, and visited the state house. Here we met the only confederate soldier left in that county out of the 278 who enlisted from there. He is the custodian and official greeter to visitors, and he can talk a polly parrot blue in the face. We stood on the gold star which marks the spot where Jefferson Davis took the oath for the presidency of the confederacy. Heifer Pulls Cart Leaving Montgomery and close to Mobile, we saw a strange sight—a negro mammy and pappy driving an old cart being pulled by a very young heifer. We tried to take a picture but they got angry. Oh, yes, we changed our mind about going to Tallahassee, and we went to Mobile instead. Why? Because we knew there was a new wood pulp mill going up there, and we had a ride straight through. Outside of Mobile large tracts of southern pine were faced and had cups tacked beneath to catch the resin. We saw acre after acre like this. Down here they set the woods floor cover on fire to burn off old debris and let new grass come up through. Plenty of wild fowl here on the Mobile Bay. We traveled for miles around the bay about 3 feet above sea level. A Child Bride At supper in Mobile, the waitress whom we liked to hear talk, told us she was a child bride—married at the age of 13. I ordered oysters on the shell, and
Yours is as equally an important part of the conversation as the talker. We all have to play our roles as both, but when in one “part,” don’t try to play the other. If you’ll stop and really listen, you’ll find that you can understand the pyrotechnical display, and find that it is really interesting material to tuck in your mind for later use. Don’t try to change the subject nor join in the talk, pretending to know about it. Every word you hear makes you that much better. Don’t be a dead pan. Ask sensible questions, and show that you’re listening by helping with the conversation if you have anything worth saying. But do listen.
had to send them back, as they were raw. In the First National Bank, we found a sign saying “Drinking Fountain for Whites Only.” We had our first interview with the man in charge of the construction of a wood pulp mill. It has not been built, but he was very considerate of our proposal, letting us know whom to see. Sincerely yours, Glen Hildebrand.
ARC
TODAY — SATURDAY
AND HIS House "wHire flash _ fllTTIN«TM
— also — “DICK TRACY” SERIAL —PLUS— “Betty Boop” Cartoon
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
\fl^
“If I read all the lines correctly, Doctor, do I get a pair of glasses free?”
Dancing is doomed in Japan. The genei’al belief that “Japanese youth are rhumbaing to ruin” has resulted in a ban being placed in some quarters in Tokio. On the night of March 31, Japan’s 52 dance halls will be padlocked so that Japanese morality will have a chance to gain. The 2,000 or more professional dancers will lose their jobs. I >1 V Two hundred and ninety occupations were represented by the 1,857 students enrolled in the Indiana University Extension Center in Indianapolis. These students who are taking advantage of late afternoon and night classes to continue their education are in every manner of occupation, including junk-dealing, shoe shining, and boilermaking. The list of occupations they lined up as follows: teachers, 216; clerks, 207; stenographers,-122; bookkeepers, 76; nurses, 90; secretaries, 60; accountants, 53; housewives, 46; students, 35; salesmen, 43; managers, 29; social workers, 21; office work, 26; engineers, 20; and cashiers, 20. Hi * * + “Thar’s diamonds in your backyard” according to an announcement made by Dr. Robert W. Karpinski, Indiana State Teachers’ College geologist. He said that “a few diamonds can be found in Indiana as well as other parts of northern United States because the glacier swept such stones into this part of the country during the ice age.” But Dr. Karpinski warned his students that the supply is so scarce that it would hardly pay a Hoosier
to quit his job and go diamond prospecting. Furthermore, of the stones found in this state, none have been of great value. I i 1 =1 The master of Kingston Junior Technical School in London stniled as he read out the exam results obtained in solving a trick problem in electrical science. He announced 59 failures out of a class of 60—and still he smiled. “And now,” he said, “we come to the only boy who, so far as I can see, didn’t use the ‘crib’ that was passing around. And he is the only one with the correct answer!”
Apprentices m local government service have been established by the University of Pennsylvania.
TODAY — SATURDAY
TODAY — TOMORROW . DOUBLE FEATURE
Loving Each Other to Pieces!
..STEALING EACH OTHER BLIND!
A Champ at Everything ALSO— MERRIE MELODIE CARTOON
«iH> Kent Taylor » Fay Wrnv
MAUI —LAST DAY— YOUTL CHEER AS "CHECKERS" RIDES DOWN THE HOME STRETCH1
ir-# • But what will thrill you most of oil Is tho grand human storyl
JANE WITHERS u, with STUART ERWIN UNA MERKEL Marvin STEPHENS -STARTS TOMORROW— SONJA HENIE DON AMECHE in "HAPPY LANDING”Friday, March 4, 1938
THE PURDUE
Spo*dA
EXPONENT
SAE's Beat Sig Pi's In Net Semi-Finals
Fencers To Rest Up This Week-end For Big 10 Meet No action is scheduled for the Purdue fencing team this week-end, according to information obtained from Coach Finney, the Gold and Black fencing mentor. The only Competition that the fencers will engage in until the end of the season will be the Big Ten Conference championship matches at Bartlett Gym in Chicago, March 12. Chicago University is the defending Conference champion, and is again a favorite to caputre a large share of points. However, the showing made by Boilermalser swordsmen during the past season has cast a bright light on the Gold and Black ranks with the approach of the tournament. Coach Finney plans to use McWilliams and Reynolds in the foil, with Seaborg and Stepath in the saber competition. Levin and Meier will duel in the epee class.
Got the creeps
HERE'S THE ANSWER: ARROW SHORTS 65c Seamless Crotch—no center seam to pull or bind. Durable fabrics. Sanfor-ized-shrunk. Knitted Arrow undershirts 50c dhJiAmj^ Opposite the Mars
Squash Squad Ends Season Tomorrow Purdue’s squash racquets squad will end its current season with a final game at Evanston, when the team meets the Evanston YMCA tomorrow afternoon. The Evanston squad is coached by Keith Pegg, PE ’33. Since his graduation, he has built one of the strongest squash squads in the Purdue schedule. Last Match For Two Men Representing the Boilermakers will be John Lucek, Anthony Sokolowski, Kennie Linn, Bob Juve, and Hershal Eberhard. Lucek and Linn will be playing their final games for Purdue as they will graduate this spi’ing. The remainder of the squad will be back for competition next season, as Sokolowski and Juve are juniors and Eberhard is a sophomore. All-campus squash as a regular part of the intramural sports program will open this coming week. Every student is eligible to participate in this sport event; and it is requested by the intramural department that all applicants sign the entrants’ blank on the bulletin board in front of the intramural office, immediately.
With®Mt a mirr&r With a Schick Shaver you can shave In the dark, with your coat on, seated In a comfortable armchair or lying on a bed If you want. It takes the nuisance out of shaving. Just plug into any electric outlet. $1.00 down $1.00 a week
liAME
& WILSON
633 Main Street
A Knockout Right Under Your Chin! Arrow shirts and ties ore cdwaya several punches ahead when it comes to authentic style and fine quality. For better style, buy Arrow matched sets. ^ Sbhts , , , $2iip Neckties . . $L$lM0i Handkerchiefs 25c u|> ^ INC.
In the Village
Defending Champs Lose, 29-18, For First Defeat In Class 'A' Fraternity Tournament
'P' Men Meet To Discuss Club Room; Plan Spring Dance To Raise Money
Final Big Ten Swimming Meet Scheduled With
Sigma Alpha Epsilon defeated Sigma Pi yesterday afternoon,
29-18, in the semi-final game of the Class ‘A’ interfratemity Indiana Squad Today
basketball tournament. Since both teams now have one loss against them, they will meet again in the deciding game of the
tourney, probably the first of next week.
The game was hotly contested
Boilermaker Net Team Prepares For Northwestern Running through a short scrimmage yesterday afternoon, the last woi’kout of the year, the Boilermaker netmen finished preparations for their final game of the season tomorrow night with the Northwestern Wildcats at Evanston. A squad of 12 players will leave for the scene of tomorrow’s contest at 5:58 this aftenoon on the Big Four. The boys will stay at the Orrington Hotel in Evanston. Coach “Piggy” Lambert, when asked yesterday about what he thought of his team’s chances for victory, seemed confident that the Purdue quintet would come out on top. However, he added, that win, lose, or draw he would be wellsatisfied with this year’s squad. 12 Make Trip Lambert said: “These boys have certainly done fine this year, and I’m proud of them. Even if we should lose to Northwestern I’ll be plenty well-satisfied with the performance of the squad this season.” The 12 men who will make the trip, in addition to manager Emmett Phelps, are Young, Sines, Anderson, Malaska, Beretta, Yeager, Dickinson, Zink, Hutt, Fisher, Vernon, and Lucas. Silver Mask... . . . announces the pledging of six men in a statement made last night by Bob Meier, publicity chairman for the fencing honorary. The men pledged were Morton Meier, Louis Fox, Albert Tower, Alvin Maerson, Maurice Neptune, and Louis Schmidt.
throughout, with no quarter being asked or given by either side. In the first few minutes of play the SAE’s jumped into an eaidy lead and never relinquished it from that time on. Although the Sigma Pi’s, defending champions from last year, were within striking distance several times, they were never able to quite close the gap. SAE Leads At Half At the end of the first half the SAE’s were out in front to the tune of 12-7. At the start of the second half it looked as though the SAE’s were going to put the ball game on ice for good. However, they soon slowed down and things continued about even until the lalst few minutes when the Sig Pi’s led by Zachary and Close, staged a rally that fell short by only a few points. Throughout the whole game the Sig Pi’s were unable to hit the basket consistently, missing several good shots. The SAE team outplayed the Sig Pi’s almost the whole game, and on several occasions intercepted passes to convert them into points. Pickens Makes 11 Points Pickens, lanky SAE center, paced the winners with a total of 11 points to capture high point honors. Close led the losers with nine points.
Women’s Athletics
Of the four basketball games that were scheduled for yesterday afternoon only one was played off. Wards 3 and 4 defeated Collegiana, 42 to 8. The Pi Phi’s forfeited to Alpha Xi Delta, and the other two games between WRH North and the Kappas, and Thetas and WRH South, were postponed.
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
Information, please!
"What shirt on the market absolutely defies shrinkage — is known for high style, and is reputed to give lasting wear?" "Why, Arrow, of coxirse. Your Arrow dealer has a large assortment — $2. and up." ARROW SHIRTS
A new shirt if one ever shrinks.
Purdue’s swimming squad will wind up its Big Ten dual meet schedule in the Pieldhouse pool as the Boilermakers renew their traditional rivalry with Indiana tonight at
7:30 o’clock.
Larry LaBree', Boilermaker mentor, anticipates a close battle from the start, with little to choose between the rival entries in a number of events. Because of the parallel strength of the two squads in a majority of the events, the meet may easily be decided by the final free
style relay.
Last Saturday m the AAU meet, Indiana nosed out the Purdue sprinters in the shorter 200-yard relay, but swimming the regulation distance, the Purdue quartet of Fuller, Howard, Marshall, and Lahey is granted a chance for what will probably be a much-needed upset.
BASKETBALL -TodayCourt 1—Gale 7:00—Cary Hall N-1 vs. E-2. 7:15—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:25—Ward 9 vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Ward 6 vs. Ward 5. Court 2—Mann 7:00—Cary Hall E-2 vs. N-3. 7:15—Ward 1 vs. Ward 14. 8:25—Ward 7A vs. Ward llA. 8:40—Ward 10 vs. Ward lOX. Court 3—Aronson 7:00—Cary Hall E-3 vs. Annex. 7:15—Triangle vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 8:25—Ward 4 vs. Ward 13. 8:40—Evergreen vs. Wesley. Court 3—Foster 5:00—Salisbury vs. Bastille.
FRATERNITY RIFLE Today—4:00 Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Delta Chi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta. Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu,'SPE, Sigma Pi, TEP, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Theta Xi. Teams will be matched at the rifle range.
FRATERNITY BOWLING Today—3:45 Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Upsilon, Triangle, Pi Kappa Alpha, Phi Kappa, Theta Chi, SPE, and Phi Delta Theta.
Over 60 members of the campus “P” Men’s Club met last night in the tower room of the Union to discuss ways and means for furnishing their new room in the Fieldhouse. It was decided to hold a dance this spring in order to raise money for furnishings. A committee of three was appointed to make arrangements for the dance. They are Jim Zachary, Paul Humphrey, and George Spehn. This committee will also investigate other means for raising the necessary funds to furnish the newly-ac-quired meeting place. The room, which is in the gymnasium end of the Fieldhouse, will serve as a lounge and meeting place for “P” men and visiting alumni. It will be open for the lettermen’s use at all times. Baseball Squad To Spend Spring Recess In South Opening with a six-game southern training trip during spring vacation, Purdue’s- baseball squad will face a schedule of 26 games, including 12 Big Ten encounters, during the coming season. This was announced yesterday by Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director. In Big Ten competition, the Boilermakers will play four games with their traditional rival, Indiana, and two games each with Minnesota, Michigan, Ohio State, and Chicago. Three Southern Opponents Southern Methodist, Centenary, and Louisiana Tech will provide the opposition on the southern trip. The home season opens against Wabash on April 12. The complete baseball schedule is as follows: March 28-29—Southern Methodist at Dallas, Tex. March 30-31—Centenary at Shreveport, La. April 1-2—Louisiana Tech at Ruston. La. April 9—Purdue at Depauw. April 12—Wabash at Purdue. April 16—Western State Teachers (111.) at Purdue. April 19—Purdue at Butler. April 22—Minnesota at Purdue. April 23—Minnesota at Purdue. April 26—St. Joseph College at Purdue. April 29—Purdue at Michigan. April 30—Purdue at Michigan. May 4—Purdue at Wabash. May 7—Chicago at Purdue. May 11—Butler at Purdue. May 13—Purdue at Indiana. May 14—Purdue at Indiana. May 17—DePauw at Purdue. May 20—Purdue at Ohio State. May 21—Purdue at Ohio State. May 25—Purdue at Chicago. May 27—Indiana at Purdue. May 28—Indiana at Purdue.
Wesleyan College in Macon, Ga., will be sold at auction to satisfy bonds totalling $998,000.
FRESH CANDY BARS We don’t knowingly let a stale candy bar go out. If you should get one here we make it good. DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
Republican Ticket
Otto E. May Candidate for County Auditor
Primary May 3
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2,082,106 YELLOsBOLE
New way of burning tobacco — better, cooler, cleaner, Carburetor-Action coola smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absolutely dry. Treated with honey. Get the genuine.
UPDRAFl
mg iIP
i3jo/cat (Ma.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^YboiujiA
Friday# March 4, 1938
Hi:
'King Of Kings'Film Will Open March 7 At Methodist Church “King of Kings,” a motion picture filmed at an expense of $2,500,000, will be shown in Lafayette at St. PauFs Methodist Church, Tippecanoe and Eleventh street, staiting
Monday,
Admission to the showing will be
free. However, a silver offering is the sole method of bearing expenses.
The story “King of Kings” was
written by Jeanie Macpherson, photoplaywright, Cecil B, DeMille, whose name has been identified with many pretentious movie produc-
tions, directed the picture. The final months of the life of
Jesus are fully pictured in the film, His betrayal, the last supper, the trial before Pilate, the abndemnation, the Via Dolorosa, the crucifixion, and the Resurrection all contribute toward the massiveness and
significance of the production. Five hundred and thirty actors
and a cast of 4,500 extras prove the magnitude of the undertaking. The story and happenings have been carefully checked.to assure that the production is historically correct,
according to its producers. Horfkulfure Society Elects Officers, Hears Gaylord The Purdue Horticultural Society
held its bi-weekly meeting in the Horticulture Building Wednesday evening, March 2, at 7 p. m. Election of officers was held and the following members assumed their respective positions : president—J. D. Fulner, vice-president—D. F. Smith, treasurer—L. V. Heid, secretary— A. E. Weil, refreshments—E. J.
Klihker.
Fay Gaylord of the horticulture department was the principal speaker of the evening. He pre- • sented a moving picture entitled “The Ramblings of a Horticulturist” which consisted of pictures taken by him while on a trip through the United States. „ Entomologist Staff Men Go to Columbus Meeting Members of the entomology staff of the University Agriculture Experiment Station are attending a meeting of the North Central States Branch of the American Association of Economic Entomologists at Columbus, 0. Those making the trip include Professor J. J. Davis, president, G. E. Gould, G. E. Marshall, G. E. Lehker, and W. K. Delaplane, a senior majoring in entomology.
Fencing Team To Give Show For Newman Club The fencing team will give an exhibition with foils and sabers, and Coach Robert Finney will show the principles and finer points of the sport at a Newman Club breakfast following 9:30 Mass Sunday. At the conclusion of this exhibition, Frank Gustainis will present an accoi-dion solo. Dean Fisher To Speak On 'Conserving Bird Life' In Union Tonight At 8:30 Dean of Men M. L. Fisher will give an address on “Conserving Bird Life” tonight at 8:3.0 in room B of the Union as the fifth in a series of consei’vation talks. Next week M. 0. Pence, of the agricultural agronomy extension staff, will speak on “Soil Conservation in Europe.” On March 18, R. G. Cole, of the soil conservation department of the agricultural staff, will talk on “Soil Conservation in Indiana.” Prof. Davis Requested To Serve On Committee Professor J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department has been requested by the National Pharmaceutical Syllabus Committee to serve on the sub-committee in charge of insecticides and fungi-
cides.
This University was the .first to offer a definite course in economic entomology for pharmacy students. Professor Davis organized the course, which was offered for the first time in 1931. Tau Kappa Epsilon ... ... social fraternity, announces the pledging of Boardman S. Mowry, Chicago, 111.
University Notices
N» NoticM Accepted After 8 p. m.
Eng-lish Condition Examinations: In all courses of English and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201. —CREEK.
Triton Club: Meeting Friday, March 4 at 7:30. Open swim at 8:30.
ASME: All members interested in presenting a paper at the student meeting' Wednesday, March 9, call W. B. Wolverton, 71332. —CLUTTER.
Green Potter Dance Committees: The following committees have been appointed. Temporary chairmen see Brodd. and also schedule a meeting of their committee before Saturday, March 6. Decoration: Elley, temp, chair., Rehm, Natter, Berger, Wright, Adler, Durham, Wadsworth, Elkin, Gits, Black, Chalberg. Orchestra: Yankowskl, temp, chair., Hugel, Ourand, Beddoe, Layson. Program: Yates, temp, chair.,, Thompson, Rosenthal, Hosier, Cash, Trimble, Ference, McMullen, Caldwell. Chaperone: Knepper, temp, chair., McMaster, Bergman, Crow. Ticket: Newhagen, temp, chair., DelValle, Woodward, Stewart, Butler, Sachar. Publicity: McKee, temp, chair., Hartzell, Hall, Reed, Ludeka. —BRODD.
Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m. Fridw, l^rch 4, m Colonel Pickering’s office. Be there or see Col. Pickering before that time. Bring tickets and signature sheets. _j3j3jjRENDS. C. E. 41—Hydraulics: An examination for the removal of C grades will be held on Saturday, March 12 from 1:00 to 4 -.00 p. in. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students intending to take the examination should report to the undersigned not later than —GREVE.
Book Exchange: The following people report to the Student Union office between 4 and 6 p. m. Thursday March 3 or Friday March 4 to claim books or money left at the Student Book Exchange: J. E. Khnker, Elbert Troxy, J. E. O’Brien, F. R. R. W. Phillips, Marguerite Boyer. G. D. Johnson, and Ernest Fawcett. All books and money not claimed by 6 p m. Friday, March 4, will be confiscated by the Exchange. ^g^^LLINllS.
P. M. 11 and 12 Make-ups: Examinations for removal of conditions and incompletes in P. M. 11 and P. M. 12 will be given in room 201, Michael Golden Shops, at 4 p. m., March 16. 1938. _risING.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting on Sunday, March 6, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building at 3 p. m. —HONOROFF.
Newman Club: There will be a Newman Club breakfast in St. Mary’s school hall after the 9 :30 mass, Sunday, March 6. (3-6) —OTTENWELLER. Union Co-eds: All sophomore and freshmen co-eds report to the reCeption room of the Union any time between 8 a. m. and 5 p. m. until March 6 to work on the costumes for “Of Thee I Sing.’’ (2-5) —WOOD. Debris Salesmen: Debris sales meeting Friday, March 4, in Debris office at 4 p. m. All sales books must be turned in. —SIEBENTHAL.
Purdue Lutheran Students Club: Entertainment program in the faculty lounge Sunday, March 6 at 7 :30 p. m. —BRANDT, PULTZ.
Parade Chorus: It is absolutely necessary that the following girls in the parade chorus report to the reception room of the Union Building sometime between 1:30 and 4‘30 Friday, March 4: June.Conklin, Rachel Kaufman, Myra McKee. Mae Simms, Georgialee Weigle, Shirley Anderson, Kathryn Shearer, Ruth Renfroe, Pauline Bechtold, Martha Moorhead. — WUUJJ.
Of Thee I Sing: Construction crew will meet for very important work to be done every night this week at 4 in the sub-base-ment of the Union. (3.5) BRENMAN.
Mixed Recreation: There will be no mixed recreation Friday, March 4. Instead, everyone is invited to attend a demonstration' of rhythmic gymnastics to be given by Normal College at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. ■ —TUBBS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting at 7:15 Friday, March 4, in room C of the Union. ' . —CARACCIOLA.
Alpha Zeta : Important meeting in Agriculturist office, 'Thursday, March. 3, at 7:30 *’■ —UNDERWOOD.
A new institute for consumer education has been formed at Stephens College by the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation.
Track Men: Those who are no longer out for track turn in your equipment today or your lockers will be opened and emptied. (3-6) " —ROPER.
Local Ads
H. G. (Deac) REISNER Sells the Frank MEDICO Filter-Cooled Pipes.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT^—-Single room across from Union Building. CalL 71814.
FOR SALE—^Korelle reflex camera 3.5 lens. Special sunshade and filter adaption. Swivel head and tripod. Complete $60. Phone 41641— leave name.
THE WISEST tl YOH EVER SPENT has only Paf'd filter combining moistureproof Cellophane eicterj^ and 66 Baffle absorbent mesh screen interior; resulting in greatest scientific pipe smoking Invention ever known. Keeps juices in filter, out of mouth.
They’re Bitin’!” Mr. Advertiser, if you catch them unawares. Use An Exponent Ad as Bait
Bill Carlsen Will Play For Mixer Coming direct from the Trianon ballroom in Chicago, Bill Carlsen and his “Band of a Million Thrills” will take over the Union ballroom for tomorrow night’s mixer. Carlsen features Paul Skinner, singer of sweet ballads, and Gil Rutzen, the “concentrated heat wave.” The maestro is a clarinetist and saxophonist himself, and does his own arranging for the band. Dancing will hold sway in the ballroom from 9 o’clock until midnight. The regular mixer price of one dollar per couple will prevail.
Frances, David Allen To Appear In Music Room Program This Sunday Prances Allen, 13, and David Allen, 11, children of Dr. and Mrs. F. J. Allen, will present the music room program next Sunday, at 4 p. m. The children, who have been studying piano for three years, will play a classical program including selections by Bach, Mozart, and Haydn. The program will include a double piano number. Last January 16, Frances and David were presented in a recital given by their present teacher, Miss Ruth- Jamison of Lafayette. Miss Jamison has appeared on many of the music room programs.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to this examination should see me before April —BINDER. ME 61, Condition Examinations: Examination will be held on Saturday, April 9, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308. This examination will include material on kinematics and graphic statics. Students planning to take this examination should see me before ^3®6)^ ® —BINDER. WAA Badminton: Open practice and instruction Friday, March 4 at 4 p. m. ' : —CAMPBELL. Debris Salesmen: Important meeting Friday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in roorn C of the Union Building. All sales books must he —SIEBENTHAL.
PIA Orchestra: Practice Friday, March 4, at 7 p m. in the tower room of the Union. —SHINN.
Spring fever may be defined as a desire to outfit yourself with new clothes from GEISLER’S *22-50 to *38-50
500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAe’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Locksmith — F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Aatomobile key and lock service onr epeelalty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distribatori 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828 — Florist —
dtoih J-lmied Inc.
S35 Main St. in Luna ’Tbeatre Building Phone 7955—8050
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. : • ‘822 MAIN
Furniture
Student Equipment Saqk 3wmiiwui Co. 426 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Furnaces
Free Estimates
Phone 7044
Widener & Sering Furnace and Plumbing Sunbeam Air Conditioning "STOKERS'' 115 E. State West Lafayette