1 tA .|l
I
This Newspaper Is Published Each MommgOf, By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY January 7, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 84
Six Oampus @r@^ps To Give Comedy
Debaters Wrangle Over Modern Neutrality Law Four streamlined co-eds—two from Michigan University and two from Purdue— last night intellectually frivoled their ways along the path of international affairs in the Home Economics Building auditorium. They entertained the audience, showed wit and beauty, but didn’t prove a whole lot of the debate proposition.
The question: “Eesolved: That the United States should adopt a policy of complete neutrality toward international conflicts.” International Conflict Teutonic Charlotte Lochner of the Purdue affirmative team blazed the way for the discussion emphatically asserting, “The world is mov-' ing toward an international conflict. The evidence may be shown by noting the ways that Germany, Japan and Italy are conquering new territory day by day. Protection Policies “It is high time for the United States to adopt new policies for protection,” she continued clearly, almost oratorically. She listed a policy of cooperation by the U. S. A. with other non-belligerent nations, neutrality action, and a no policy movement with aggressive nations as a means of remaining on the safe side of the fence. Shapely, forceful Betty Jane Mansfield, member of the negative Michigan duo, followed in a counter speech stating that “Neutrality is not only obsolete but is psychologically and economically impossible. ■yVe cannot emotionally isolate ourselves from the rest of the world. Prejudices from all sides will not allow neutrality. Therefore, neutrality is out.” Vivacious Albei’ta Thelen, who more than played up to the audience replied to the visitors with a plan of revising the Nye Neutrality Act. Katherine Schulz, petite Michigan “co-ed,” lifted her black eyebrows and argued that “complete loss of international trade would result from any neutrality laws passed by the United States congress. Neutrality is morally wrong as it aids the aggressive nation. That is exactly what they want to have the United States for a member aboard the ship of warring nations,” she maintained. Short Critique L. S. Winch, director of forensics, made a short critique of the two teams’ technique, was interrupted by a heckling publicity hound from the audience, (who made a speech on “My Friends” and sat down), and congratulated the quartet of debaters on their performance. Dean Potter To Head Engineers' Assembly Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering, will leave Wednesday for Washington, where he will preside at the anmial assembly of the American Engineering Council at the Mayflower Hotel on Friday and Saturday. Also attending the meeting will be Dr. C. F. Harding, head of the School of Electrical Engineering, as one of five representatives of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. Dr. W. A. Hanley, chief engineer of the Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, and 1911 graduate, and Dr. W. L. Batt, 1907 graduate, and head of SKF Industries, will be two of the five representatives of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at the meeting.
Exponent Board Senior officers will meet with faculty advisors at 6 p^m. today in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. —Manion.
Mixer Master
Band Leader Brad Reynolds, whose “Whispering Rhythms” orchestra starring vocalist Gay Storme, will supply the music for tomorrow night’s regular dollar mixer. \
Time Extension Given To Trophy Script Writers Entrants in the Second Annual Southworth Script Trophy Contest have been given an extension to six o’clock today to place their scripts in the PIA office. Judges for the contest are Professor R. H. Cordell and R. H. Crawder, of the English department, and Professor Gilbert Dunbar Williams of the speech department. \ This contest is open to all students who wish to write a radio drama, one-act play, or skit. Manuscripts must be original. If a radio play is written the length should be 20 minutes. Requirements for the writing of these scripts are: they must be typed, double-spaced, and on one side of the page only. Author’s name and name of play should be attached to manuscript for identification. Credit for this work will be given in English 1, 31, 32, and 19 and in other English courses with consent of the instructor.
Best Bearded Brawlers Will Win Awards^ Free Tickets
Boilermaker bedlamites ■ banish' barbers as bearded brawl billygoafs again vie for prize awards in annual Sigma Delta Chi dance. SDX president Hugh Forster announced last night that prizes will be awarded to the number one beard in each of the four groups as classified by the embryo journalists. Notice Brawlers: Valuable and appropriate prizes will be awarded the winners in each of the following classes in the annual Boilermaker beard derby as announced by SDX officials last night. (1) Best all around beard. * (2) Reddest beard. (3) Most like peach fuzz beard. (4) Curliest beard. (5) Blackest beard.
(*) Prize in this class wins ticket refund. Other winners to receive valuable prizes and trophies not announced as yet. That great organization—Sigma Delta Chi—again comes into the spotlight as it establishes two new and different contests for the coeds. The Cinderella contest will provide two prizes for the winner and runner-up in this exhibition of the smallest and daintiest foot on the campus. The other contest sponsored by the journalistic group, whose modesty knows no bounds, is the contest to find the most modestly dressed gal. No demerits will be given unshaven military students who present tickets at inspection according to word received last night from the military department.
Michigan Girls Express Friendliness, Cordiality Of University In Interview
By Dorothea Justin Betty Jane Mansfield and Katherine Schultz, who quite captured their engineer audience in their debate last night, were mutual in liking Purdue. Miss Olive Lockwood, their gracious and earnest coach, was most talkative of the Michigan delegation about our University. “I like the friendliness in the Union. It surprised me to watch women use it as informally as men, but it pleased me. “The friendliness and spontaneity of the audience were surprising, and unsual to me. Apparently their is close friendship and trust between students and faculty, which is all to the good.” Betty Jane, regal brunette, sat smilingly over a coke in the Grill with the delightful manner of “this
is home for the nonce, and I like it.” She liked neers arounci her concuriw^ later in the opinion that she would get along anywhere. Kay, blonde, small, meticulous, seemed uncertain what to think of the rugged cordiality of Purdue. She refused to express herself beyond saying everybody was awfully nice. She kindly agreed to carry greetings back to Michigan with her, and smiled through her reserve when she spoke of the Michigan Daily, for which she has worked. “We left snow and ice, so you can imagine what a contrast your bare ground is! We didn’t realize that we were coming this far south,” explained Miss Lockwood. Michigan co-eds vs. Purdue coeds in debate? Engineers of the audience approved both!
Erudite Artist Relates Her Experiences To Reporter
By R. E. Insley Last night, on the eve of her talk before a group of local art enthusiasts and interested students, Mrs. Mary J. Coulter, American artist, painter, etcher, lecturer, and bibliophile, shared her room in the Union Club with wide-eyed Union stooges and an Exponent scribe, and jokingly answered the myriad of questtions fired at her. Mrs. Coulter is a graduate of Chicago University, has attended the Art Academy of Cincinnati, was a pupil of the well-known painter, the late Frank Duveneck. At one time she served as Curator of Prints at the Art Institute of Chicago, and later was Assistant Director of Fine Arts Gallery, San Diego. Two Prints In Paris A list of museums where her w»rk is owned would fill a booksize page, and a summary of the
organizations to which she belongs would be equally lengthy. Two of her prints hanging in the “Chalcographie du Louvre,” Paris, are silent reminders of her reputation. _ Enroute back to California from her recent visit in Kentucky, Mrs. Coulter has consented to address the members of the Lafayette Art Association and Art Club in the faculty lounge of the Union this evening at 7:30 o’clock. Mexican Art She will discuss the art of Mexico and the manner in which it has been affected by the^ religious and political conditions now existing in that country. Her interesting interview with Diego Rivera, internationally famous Mexican painter, and her visit to the “Collegio Internacionale” in Guadalajara, Mexico, will be related.
Musical, Dramatic, Managerial Positions Open To All Students Upon Petition To give the campus high class musical comedy, to give all students a chance at musical, dramatic, or managerial jobs, and to produce the best show that combined talent and facilities can turn out, six major campus activity groups allied themselves recently to present in March a gala musical comedy.
Fieldhouse Dedication January 15
By R. J. Deckard Advertised as one of the 'most unified athletic plants in any educational institution in the country, the University’s new men’s gymnasium tind Fieldhouse will be formally dedicated January 16. The program, consisting of two parts, will include an “open house” in the afternoon, and dedicatory exercises in the evening preceding Purdue’s Big Ten basketball game with Wisconsin. Larry A. Downs^ CE '84 and president of the Illinois Central railway \
system, who is chairman of the alumni Fieldhouse committee, will preside over the exercises. Band Concert Evening exercises will be launched at 6:45 p. m. with a concert by the Purdue Military Band, and exercises proper will start at 7:16. Among those taking part in the formal program with Downs will be Mary Ellen Delaplane, Wabash, representing the Women’s Athletic Association; William Bniley, Alexandria, of the Student Athletic Association; Burr Swezey, Lafayette, of the Purdue Alumni Association; Major John L. Griffith of the Big
Ten; Henry W. Marshall, Lafayette, representing the community; David E. Ross, Lafayette, of the University Board of Trustees; President Edward C. Elliott of the University, and Bob Woodworth, acting for Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics. Guests of the evening exercises will include members of the ’01-’02 Boilermaker first basketball squads captains of past basketball teams, members of the alumni Fieldhouse and contact committees, local, state, and federal PWA representatives, faculty athletic comipitteemen, the architect, ^ contractor, and other notables.
Give Up Shows Playshop, the Student Union, and campus musical organizations have all given up shows previously planned for that time in order that one all-University production may be staged. In addition, the Student Senate, PIA, and the two Pan-Hel-lenic Councils will add strength to the undertaking. While several faculty members will render their advice and assistance, the managerial and directorial positions will go to students. Many such places are to be filled—and they must be filled soon. Selection of these student leaders will be made from a group consisting of any eds and co-eds who wish to petition for jobs. These petitions may be written up in simple form and left at the Union box at the Union desk. This Sunday noon is the deadline for all petitions. Staff Lineup A tentative lineup of managerial staff positions follows: 1. Dance Director Assistants II. Music Director Orchestra Chorus Librarian Accompanist III'. Business Director Secretary House Publicity Tickets IV. Production Stage Art Lights Props Make-up Costume Associate Director Student representatives from the activities involved are: Tom Sheets, Union; Dan Rohyans, Student Senate; D. K. Wells, PIA; Mary Wien, PIA; A. E. Markam, Men’s Pan; Mary Jean Jarrett, Women’s Pan; George Glover, Playshop; Van Coddington. Musical Organizations. Foresters ’ Ball Features Adagio Amid cedars, axes, saws, and forestry posters of all descriptions, the first annual Foresters’ Ball will be held in the Union ballroom tonight. Programs to be given out at the door, will be in thp,.form of a log scaler’s book, and phrased in forestry terms. A floor show of a tap dance and an adagio dance will be presented about 11 o’clock. Joe McCartney and his orchestra, from DePauw University, will play for the dance, which is to be much th^ same as a regular mixer in regard to dress. . Tickets, priced at one dollar, are available at th^ Union desk or from members of Xi Sigma Pi and the Fol'estry Club.
Registration Helpers Students who wish to work for the Registrar at the second semester registration, February 1 and 2, will please ifhll at the Registrar’s office and fill out an application blank sometime this week. Those with preious experience at registration, or at other clerical work are preferred, R. B. Stone, Registrar.
University Host To State-Wide Planning Group Next Month State and local officials are to participate in the first annual statewide planning conference to be held at the University February 16 and 17 imder the sponsorship of the state planning board, Purdue extension division, Indiana housing board, American planning and civic association, and American society of planning officials. Chief speakers on the first day will be Governor Townsend and Dr. Edward C. Elliott, Purdue president. Other speakers will include John W. Wheeler, planning board chairman; Dr. Thurman B. Rice, assistant state health director; H. R. Pomeroy, chief of field service. National Association of Housing Officials; and Prof. G. E. Lommel, of Purdue. Speakers on the closing day will be L. V. Sheridan, regional counselor, national resources committee; M. W. Torkelson, Wisconsin director of regional planning; Col. Richard Lieber, former Indiana^conservation department chief; and V. W. Johnson, head of the directional measures unjt, U. S. department of agriculture. Miller Will Discuss Planting Practices F. T. Miller, of the state division of forestry, will discuss “Maintenance Practices for the Development of Tree Plantings,” Tuesday morning of the Purdue Agricultural conference week, January 10 to 14. In his talk Miller will discuss his work in the tree plantations of the Clark county state forest. This 5,600 acre forest is the oldest in Indiana, and the 600 acres of experimental plantings which if contains are also the oldest in the state. Hamilton Resigns Post; McIntosh Fills Vac€mcy At yesterday’s meeting of the YWCA cabinet, announcement was made of Peggy Hamilton’s resignation as treasurer of the organization. Miss Hamilton felt that she would not be able to continue in this position because of school work and other activities. Sara Alice McIntosh was elected by a cabinet vote to fill the vacancy. Miss McIntosh, who has been a member of the cabinet for two and one-half years, served as freshman representative in '35. She will remain in office until the general co-ed election next spring. Dr. Remmers To Speak “Experiment on the Learning and Forgetting Attitudes” will be the topic on which Dr. H. H. Remmers director of the division of education and applied psychology will lecture today at the Oak Park Junior College, Oak Parkf 111.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Partly cloudy and much colder today; tomorrow fair and continued cold. Local Temperatures: Wednesday at midnight to Thursday at 11:30 p. m. High, 42; Low, 22; Mean, 27.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, January 7, 1938
t
Smoke In The Air . . . cle^te^ 1 Tiui^aiKc ^nd a health menace which annualh takes its toll fiom the pocketbooks and the lues of Inited States lesidents especially of those in oui mdustnal cities Heie is a pioblem foi the eng'ineei in picvidina: che ip effective methods foi lobbiiu siiiol e ol its poveis to daiken and to blight Blame loi the 11 pei cent mciease in pneumonia death in Indianapolis dining 1937 is charged to the citi soot in s b\ Di Heiman G Moigan health boaid sLCietne Sa\s Indianapolis Di Moigan itlniit eiuestion the continuous insult of smoke ani the soot laden atmospheie on mucus membranes of the nos(. ind tin oat and the fniei an sacs of the lungs cultnates a soil favoiable to lespnatoiy dis la e and pneumonia This IS not the only mdictment hi ought against city snnke foi its assaults on human health Seveial months ago the Baltimoie health depaitment discov eicd theie vas 50 peicent moie ultia violet light in the countl^ than in the city About the same time Chicago found theie vas a loss of about 50 peicent of the ultia violet light in the city Mellon Institute looked into the soot situation and came foi th v ith some estimates as to the dollars and cents cost of Pittsbuighs famous smoke scieen A ceitain Mi 0 Connoi vho supei vised the survey ap piaised the economic loss fiom smoke at $20 a yeai for each peison in Pittsbuigh Most expensive item on O’Connoi’s list of smoke damages was the extia cost of laundiy and diy cleaning estimated at $4 10 pei capita pei year loss of meichandise by smoke in stoies was set at $3 per person, expense of repainting, repapering, le palling buildings at $2 26 Investigatois say a gieat amount of the smoke evil IS caused bv impiopei flung of furnaces Mellon Institute’^: leseaich showed that piopei stoking would save about $2 80 a yeai for each person in Pittsburgh Smoke eliminating piocesses and apparatuses have been installed by a numbei of industrial estab lishments throughout the countiy, but the Mack menace continues to iinpaii the life and property of man to piesent a challenge to the nation’s sci entists engineeis and governmental administiatois
tHe Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^gociatgd (^Uegiatg MADISOM WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3 1917, authorized Jan 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year by mail $3 BO REPRESENTED FOR N ISING BY National Advertising Service, Im. College Ptibltsltets Represenlattve 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO Bos ON Los ANGELES SAN FRANCISCO MtAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St, Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E Memorial Union Building West Lafayette Ind Phone 4005 ask for Exponent Office
Editor In Chief
Business Msnag'er
R P Mamon
D C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J E Brock Associate Editors D A Bailey L S Haidm C D Schroeder H I Stanback D R Vance Editor 3 Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J P Girard National Advertising Manager W J Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R R Hensler Circulation Manager M C Reeves
CO ED STAFF Mary Cooley
Elizabeth Pyke Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R F Obenchain J S Brown R L McDonald B D Witwer
Editor Associate Editors
Editor Associate Editois
This newspaper is written edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opin ions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi tor in chief Night Editor—Stanback Issue Editor—Barker Friday January 7 lit''''
In This Age Of Traffic Slaughter . . . it IS indeed encom aging to note that the city of Lafayette showed a 33 percent reduction in deaths fiom automobile accidents last yeai and a 14 percent decrease in injuiies Recoid of last yeai was 4 killed and 136 injuied m 742 total accidents, in comparison with 1936’s toll of 6 deaths and 157 injuries in 999 tiaffic mishaps
Most accidents occuiied between 4 and 6pm almost as many happened at noon most accidents also happened on the straight of way, with left turns involving the next largest numbei twice as many accidents came on diy, cleai days as m snowy and rainy weather, also twice as many in the daytime as at night And this favoiable record—in comparison with the nation’s some 10 or 12 peicent increase in traffic deaths—was made in a city fiequented by 6 000 college students
Letters to the Editor
How Do Students Stand In Athletic Setup? Deal Editor I's the student body being left out of the piesent day college athletic set up’ Any Puidue students who weie at Alumni Gymnasium foi the Puidue Loyola game aie wondering about that question There was one price foi all— all but Loyola students who also leceived faiily good seats Any Puidue students who bought tickets at Alumni Gym weie forced to pay $1 65 and sit in a balcony which allowed a free view of the opposite stands and nothing more If the athletic and ticket department continue to disregard the lights of the students, we may And ourselves m the same position as were the Minnesota students who were not given any tickets for football games between the 30-yard lines Richard E Watson, ME ’40 Staff Instmdors Collaborate On Book Professor J T Fotos, Associate Piofessor of Modem Languages and Professor R Noiiis Shieve, Piofes SOI of chemical engineering, both of the Univeisity, have collaboiated in the editing of a new text-book, published by John Wiley and Sons The book, entitled "Intermediate Readings in Chemical and Technical German,” is designed to facilitate the study of Gciman foi chemists, chemical cnginceis, metallui gists, and phaimacists and to seive as an intioduction to the leading of chemical German fiom standaid German reference books Ag Visitors Need Rooms More rooms aic still needed to house visitois at the Agii cultural Conference January 10-14 according to M L Fisher, Dean of Men Fishei stated that they now have about 450 looms available ^nd may need any where from 500 to 700 looms— he would like to have more rooms available in West Lafay ette
collegiate
By Mary Cooley That education will help you get up in the world is a promise taken mighty seriously at the University of Pittsburgh Their “Cathedial of Learning” is 42 stones high containing 375 class looms 77 laboratories 52 le search labs, eight large lecture halls, 15 department studies, 5 the atres, 78 offices, 3 floors of library a flne arts library, and club and lounge rooms >|! * * • Bewildered freshmen at Indiana University desiring to be “m the know” found consulting the Red Book student manual, uplifting particularly to the vocabulary The Red Book, in tones anything but serious, puts out the following definitions and explanations A lecture is a process of transfer i mg facts from the notes of the professor to the notes of the stu dent without passing through the mind of either A cut is what makes college bearable—the way to bleed away the professor’s kindness Apple polishing is a simple pro cess of flnding lines of least resistance Indianapolis is desciibed as the home of state dances, and reputed to be the state capital Purdue University is the upstate college where all students are villains, unless you happen to know them A smokeup is a nasty letter from a pi of who lesents not having seen you in class for the last three months A bookstore is where students leain that the value of the dollar has not been inflated I: I H H At Obeilin, language students have an opportunity to lealize the torture which their professors en duie as the beginning students mas sacre the modern and ancient tongues This IS the way their effective plan IS earned out Students are now learning Spanish by speaking into dictating machines and latei collecting then faults after an in stiuctor has cnticised then lecoidings St: * if if Texas Christian University student preachers travel approximate-
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee Oui column got too long the othei day, and we didn’t get a chance to tell you what to do with that little junior Anger of youis When picking up something, watch junior that he doesn’t become conspicuous If he can’t do other wise, let him he calmly next to his neighbor, if he’s long enough Ol strong enough and there’s still room enough on what you’ie lifting, let the tip of this flngei lie on the object to help support it If he’s insistent on kicking out, then the only thing to do is to curl him up and put him m the palm of youi hand At any rate" don’t let him show off Eds, Co-eds To Mix In Recreation Meet Eds and co eds, with or without dates, may attend the mixed recreation program tonight at 7:30 to m m the Women’s Gymnasium Mjss Veiomca Brady, of the women’s athletic department, will teach a new game, kick et, which originated recently at Earlham College, and which will be played for the flist time here She has requested that all persons attending wear rub her soled shoes Volleyball, badminton ping pong, shuffleboaid and deck tennis also may be played by those attending
ly 25 000 miles each month fllling pulpits of Texas church ^ 5*5 'k * Industrial and Engineering Chemistry tells us that if the eaith weie flJt, a 200-inch glass telescope reflector would peimit a man in San Francisco to iea,d a sign in New York as cleai ly as the New Yoikei reads it from across the street * ♦ >i< * "No wondei there is a lot of knowledge in the colleges” says Ah bott Lawrence Powell, president emeritus of Harvard “Freshmen always bring a little in and the sen101 s never take any away ”
IT CAN’T HAPPEN HERE That*s what the senioi civils thot, but Piofessor Wiley who holds forth in municipal engmeeiing changed their minds Senior civils already have an assignment toi the first day of next semester Prof Wiley, who’ll be teaching them engineering contracts at that time, made the first assignment of next semester just the other day And he told them to be leady for a daily' That’s the height of something or other And this IS the time of the year that you have to make up all those tests you cut oi failed during the semestei and to commemorate the occasion we’ie putting forth the following ode in lather blank veise MELANCHOLY MAKE-UP Gloomy classroom Gloomier Prof A world of gloom After 4 o clock Make-up test Pencil and peril Make the best Brain seem sterile And when you re thru It’s pleasant to know That finals are due Before you can go
It s sad and soui make up tests
but so aie
Well give the Mats double pass to the best pomes about University affairs which aie tuifled m to this column duiing the next two weeks
University Calendar
Today Thaeles Sorority 4 p m in loom D Union Cosmopolitan Club 7 p m in loom C Union PI A 7 p m in towei loom Union Bible Class 7 30 p m in loom A Union Forestry Club Dance 9 p m m the Union balhoom Saturday American Chemical Society Dinner 6 p m in peasant loom Union American Chemical Society Meet mg 7 p m in room 106 Chem istiy Building Mixer 9 p m in the Union ballroom
ROSENTHAL'S JANUARY CLEARANCE
SUITS - OVERCOATS
25.00 SUITS 18.88 31.00 SUITS 23.88 37.00 SUITS 28.88
SHIRTS 98t - 1.39 - 1.69
ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main St.
6rin and bear it
By Lichty
‘Before we take the apartment we’ll have to know whether the tenant downstairs can get along with Junior ”
W B A A Programs
Today 11 00—Pimciples of Sociology, T K Noss 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Agiicultuial Poium 12 15—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Spoits Review by Bob Heine 12 45—^Fiank Tiiboulet tenor 1 00—Mary Wagnei Behind the Scenes of Meichan disc 1 15—You and Youi Health 1 30—The Monitor Views the News 1 45—Market and Weather Reports 2 00—Lafayette Grade School Program 2 15—The Magic Caipet''' 2 30—Highway Safety Cam paign
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
BCONSTANCE WORTHl WILLIAM HAL! —also— “Dick Tracy” Serial —plus “Silly Symphony” Cartoon
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
PLUS Branded a criminal by the law. Their crimel was loving'
2 45—Melody Moments 3 00—West Lafayette High School Piogram 3 30—-Lafayette Little The atei Piogiam 4 00—Story Book Hour 4 15—Melody Moods 4 30—^Parade of Nations 4 45—Dorothy Backeit so prano
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SHE SWAPPED SWEETHEARTS AT THE ALTAR!
A laugh a minute to mance with Frank Moigan in his lunniest role*
STARTING TOMORROW NELSON EDDY ELEANOR POWELL m “ROSALIE”
LUHA TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
MOTO ON THE TRAIL OF THE SEVEN SCROLLS!
^PLUS
QtW®;,‘V n'
Friaay, lonuory 7, IS'SS
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Four Boilermaker Athletic Teams To See Action Saturday
Boilermaker Nelmen Prepare For Big Race Opener Saturday
*urdue’s undefeated basketball squad will open their Big Ten campaign against Chicago tomorrow night in the first of
two road games.
“Our season is just starting,” was the comment of Coach Ward Lambert as he returnecl^ here from the Pacific Coast with the undefeated Purdue squad. Although the Boilermakers have been impressive with their high scoring performances in sweeping through their pre-confer-ence schedule of eight games undefeated, Lambert feels that the real test of the comparatively midget Purdue speedsters \is yet to come.
Hopes Based On Speed
Purdue’s hopes of remaining on the unbeaten path are based on the sustained speed and well-balanced scoring of a combination that has so far been able to overcome the handicap of lack of height by ag-
gressive play.
Undoubtedly Purdue has one of the best teams in the country, but it will be no walk-away as far as the championship is concerned. Week-End To Test Squad Boilermaker netmen will have a chance to show their real power tomorrow when they meet the Maroons of Chicago. This week-end is expected to prove how good the team really is, as Chicago has shown a gain in strength from week to week and is decidedly more formidable than they were last season.
For this game, Lambert expects to stick to his senior veteran forwards Jewell Young and John Sines both of whom have scored better than 13 points per game so far this season, along with Gene Anderson, dangerous scoring center, and Pat Malaska and Tom Dickinson midget guards.
Boilermaker Net Men Average 38 Points Per Game Purdue’s fast Aioving basketball
team has averaged more than 58 points in winning all eight of its, pre-Conference games, while Boilermaker opponents have been held
to 37 points a game. - Old Gold and Black scoring has
been fairly evenly divided between Johnny Sines, Jewell Young, and Gene Anderson. Sines, the state’s leading collegiate scorer, has made 108 points, one more than Young. Anderson has hit from the field 39 times and from the charity line 10
times for a total of 88 points. A complete composite tabulation
of Purdue’s scoring this season fol-
lows:
Hutt
Zink .... Yeager
Brady .. Dean .... Stamm
Totals
G
B
F
P*
TP
...8
44
20
12
108
...8
49
9
10
107
...8
39
10
18
88
...8
15
11
5
41
...8
13
3
8
29
...7
13
3
2
29
...8
5
4
18
14
...8
6
2
3
14
...7
6
1
4
13
...7
3
6
9
12
...6
4
2
2
10
1
1
0
0
2
1
0
1
0
1
1
0
1
1
1
' 198
73
94
469
*Does not include one personal that was charged against both Walkey and Vernon.
mini Captain
Ranked as the outstanding sophomore in the Big Ten last year, Captain Louis Boudreau has returned this year with all of his craclf shooting and whirling speed. Boudreau is a junior and propped at Thornton High at Harvey, 111.
Carmichael To Direct Little Theater Play H. Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, is directing the third Lafayette Little Theater play of season “Lilliom.” Molnar is the author of this most pretentious production yet attempted by the organization. It requires a cast of 40 persons. Tryouts were held recently in the Little Theater workshop in Lafayette, and casting will be done soon.
A
MID-WINTER
Save!
SUITS-O'COATS---SACRIFICING OUR ENTIRE STOCK AT 20% OFF! $25.00 Suits, now...., £$19.95 $29.50 Suits, now $23.50 $35.00 Suits, now $28.00 f $19.50 O’coats, now $15.60 $22.50 O’coats, now $18.00 $25.00 O’coats, now $20.00 $29.50 O’coats, now $23.50 $32.50 O’coats, now $26.00 SHIRTS---nationally advertised brands in all sizes and sleeve lengths C | jC C . . . every shirt in our store ^ ^ | uUJ included in this sale. / « co aa All regular $2.00 shirts now 2 tor $3.00 Many $1.65 shirts now priced at $1.25, and $1.50 shirts at $1.00. PAJAMAS---made in broadcloth, silk, and madres, ^ <1 jT jjT by the foremost makers. A complete 3 I size range in all styles. Regular $2.00 ” ■ pajamas for ^ 2 for $3.00 $2.50 Pajamas, now $1.85 $3.00 Pajamas, now ^ : $2.15 $3.50 Pajamas, now $2.85 $5.00 Pajamas, now $3.75 MACKINAWS---Made of the finest woolens in many TA colors and patterns. $10.00 values, now J / ■ 3U $8.50 values, now S5.95
DEWENTER'S
COMPLETE MEN'S
WEAR STORE 416 Main Street
Cleveland Club Hosts To Squash Squad Saturday Returning to the courts for the first game since the eastern trip taken during the Christmas vacation, the Univei’sity squash team will invade the home of the Cleveland Athletic Club tomorrow in a six-match tilt starting at 2:30 p. m. The Cleveland racqueteers are a group of former college squashmen and are reputed to be very good. Last year’s Boilermaker-Cleveland meet was a 3-2 victory for the Ohio team. In first position for the Clevett outfit is Captain John Lucek, veteran of three seasons. Linn, Sokolowsky, Jackson, Juve, and -Eberhard hold the other five positions. A double-header will be played January 15, when the Boilermakers meet both the Dayton YMCA and the University of Illinois in the Fieldhouse, for the first home contests of the season. Improvement Expected On the eastern trip against some of the best squash players in college ranks, Juve and Jackson won two matches apiece, and Lucek copped one. The Gold and Black captain defeated last year’s national intercollegiate college squash champion in the last meet of the trip, against Harvard. Coach Clevett said on his return that he considered the trip a success. The eastern opponents have played squash much longer and more intensively than the midwestern schools, and have developed some high-class teams. Referring to tomorrow’s matches with the Cleveland squad. Chief Clevett said that he had high hopes for a better showing than his team made last year, as “the boys have shown quite a bit of improvement.” Kappa Delta Rho Takes Three Men Info Chapter Kappa Delta Rho social fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: Eugene W. Poto, Hammond; Roland R. Lisius, Crown Point; and Alfred H. Kraas, Indianapolis. The following men were recently pledged: Bob Tibbets, Union City; Thomas J. Hutchinson, East Mishawaka; James R. Storms, Buffalo, N. Y.; Leonard C. Spencer, Kenmore, N. Y.; John E. Seymour, Valparaiso; and Lionel A. Medd, Wauwatosa, Wis.
mini Forward
Tom Nisbet, Illinois forward, has been burdened to fill the vacancy left by Combes, last year’s high scoring forward. Nisbet is a junior, and like Boudreau, hails from Thornton High at Harvey, 111.
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Kriegbaum 7:00—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
15—Phi Pi Phi vs. Theta Xi. 25—Ward IIB vs. Cary Hall 4. 40—Ward lOX vs. Ward 1.
Court 2—Aronson 7:^0—Theta Chi vs. Alpha “Chi Rho 7:15—Ward 17 vs. Ward IIC. 8:25—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Acacia. 8:40—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Court 3—Leppla 7:00—Ward 6 vs. Ward 7. 7:15—Ward 14 vs. Ward 2X. 8:25—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. 8:40—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Sqare Fine Jewels at Moderate Prices
We Have Remodeled I and we now carry in addition to Furnas Ice Cream Sundaes — Malts Hot Fudges Hamburgers — Hot Dogs These Are Swift’s Individually Wrapped. The only ones, like it in town. For Breakfast We Have ^ Rolls — Donuts Coffee — Milk Try Some of Our Chili Cigarettes, 2 for ^5c Camels, Chesterfields, Lucky Strike ' JwJimoLL 216 Columbia St. West Lafayette
Wrestlers Face Chicago In Second Match Saturday Coach Reeck’s wrestling squad will travel to the University of Chicago Saturday to battle the Maroon matmen in the second wrestling meet of the season. The first meet, a 6-2 defeat at the hands of Wheaton College before the holidays, was the first intercollegiate wrestling engagement the University has had for seven years. Most of the eight men who met the Wheaton team will again carry the colors for the BoilermakerSi The new men achieved their places by means of elimination clashes yesterday. Timms, 135 pounds, who won a decision over Hess, at Wheaton, in the December meet, will again wrestle at that weight, while Huffman, who was the only Boilermaker to win by a fall against the Illinois school, will probably be in the 155-pound class against the Chicagoans. Huffman is the only senior on the squad. Next Match at Home In the other weight divisions for the Riveters will be Dawson, 118 pounds; Sieber, 126 pounds; Linderman, 145 pounds; Gossard, 165 pounds; Pratt, 175 pounds; and Juska in the heavjrweight class. Following the matches at Chicago Saturday, the Boilerrnakers will be at home January 15 for their first wrestling appearance before home fans in almost eight years. This home engagement is with Illinois Normal. Foundation To Sponsor Men’s Bid Party Tonight Wesley Foundation men’s bid party will be held tonight at 8 p. m. in the West Lafayette Methodist church with Bill McEachron directing a special orchestra and High Deale leading group singing of old melodies. Included in the program will be folk games and dances similar to those featured at the Scarecrow Dance held earlier in the semester.
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain Looking through the exchangte newspapers, we came across “INDIANA NIPS ILLINI IN OVERTIME, 51-46” in the biggest, blackest type we ever found in a college newspaper . . . 120-point caps—an inch and five-eightlis high . . . And so we read on to find out what Bill Buchanan, Daily Student sports editor had to say about the game . . . After we found that Johnson, Andres, and Co., from Jeffersonville, scored 18 points apiece as the “devastating Indiana finish cooled Illini titular bopes,” we wondered what the Illini had to say about the affair. —^fc— Perry Blain, Daily Illini sports editor, thought the game one of the most furious, thrilling, and hardfought games that he has ever seen . . . And answered the question— “What was wrong with the Illini?” . . . There was “nothing” the matter .. . “Indiana was too big, too determined, too powerful for the small, green Illinois outfit.” —^fc— We don’t know what happened when Indiana, generally regarded as a second division prospect, defeated the defending co-champion Illini squad, who were regarded as possible repeaters in the Big Ten race this year, but we aren’t considering Illinois as definitely out of the runqing as yet. . . And that should prove something or other to the dopesters who have had us a little hot under the collar since they assumed that Purdue wasn’t championship material and put the Crimson down in the Second division. —^fc— , Although the Big Ten season has already started, it doesn’t really get underway until Saturday when alt the Big Ten squads see action with conference foes . . . At present Indiana and Northwestern are tied for first place in the race and the two losers—^Wisconsin and Illinois —are in the tail positions.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# January 7, 1938
Sevitzky Will Conduct Indianapolis Symphony At Convocation Thursday The Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, emerging from a reorganization that affected the entire personnel of the group, will present the first of two scheduled concerts in the University Fieldhouse next Thursday night at 8. Brilliant young conductor Fabien Sevitzky, recently appointed to conduct the symphony and improve its prestige in national music circles, will put professionals through
Boilermakers Face Green lllini Squad Next Monday Night Although handicapped by the loss of seven players through gi-adua-tion, four of whom were regulars on the team which tied with Minnesota for Big Ten honors last year, the Illinois University basketball squad, which fonns the opposition for the Boilermakers’ second Conference game, Monday, has given notice through their pre-season contests that they are among the top contenders for the championship again this yeai*. Headed by Capt. Louis Boudreau, small and clever forward, considered by many to be the best in the Big Ten, the lllini are at great disadvantage because of lack of experience. Only returning lettermen from last year who are included in the lineup are Tom Nisbet, guard and forward, and Jay Wardley, a guard, both juniors who won letters last year as reserves. Pick Dehner, sub center as a sophomore in 1935-36, is another letterman available. Draw From Sophomores For the remainder of his squad Coach Doug Mills has been forced to draw from his unusually good collection of sophomore prospects. Hapac, who heads the list, is the leading candidate for the vacant forward berth, showing well in the Indiana game last Tuesday night by scoring nine points. Other likely sophomores include red-haired Joe Frank, diminutive 5’ 6” forward Keith Brown and Bill Bennis forwards, Wagner, 6’ 7” center, and Carl Davies guard. So far this season the Illinois squad has proven a much better team than they were expected to be at the beginning of the season. Their recent defeat by the Indiana University squad has been attributed to lack of experience and, it is expected that the lllini will prove plenty tough for the Boilermakers next Monday night.
their paces during the evening. Full Concert Season Philanthropic music lovers from the state of Indiana, and professional musicians who believed in the necessity of music as a cultural adjunct of every state, have cooperated with the conductor in forming a new orchestra and projecting a full concert season of 20 weeks, including the engagements at the University, whose musical needs Sevitzky plans to serve. After a year of preparation, the head of the visiting musicians conducted his first pair of concerts on November 19 and 20 of 1937. Since that time he has conducted three pairs of concerts and has established himself and his orchestra in the respect of music critics.
Fencing Squad To Meet Illinois At Champaign Illinois will furnish the Purdue fencing squad with its first taste of Big Ten competition this Saturday at Champaign. With only a fair showing during their trip through the East the Boilermakers are expected to turn in a win in the conference opener.
Following the Illinois match the squad will meet Notre Dame in the only non-conference match remaining on the schedule. Successive conference meets are with Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Northwestern, the last two "Will be encountered ijn Chicago during a triangular meet, these will follow the opening of the second semester.
Guthrer vs. Reimann, Randall vs. Delaplane. —BLANK.
Co-ed Shuffleboard: These games must be played Friday, January 7 at 4 p. m. Court 1: Merrit and Bailey vs. Dunwoody and Reverda. Courtt 2: Schroeder and Swick vs. Halmond and Voelkel. Court 3: Davison and Sexton vs. Ourand and Chandler. —BLANK.
W^A Sophomores: There will be no training school until after finals, February Ist. —STEWART.
University Notices
No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
The queen situation became so complicated at Kent State College that the student council took matters in hand and abolished three queens. Henceforth the only legal titles are those of Homecoming Queen, Queen of the May, and Miss Kent State.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. RENT—A Hi-Fidelity Public Address system for that party, dance or banquet. Phone 61671.
WANTED—Student to share double room, single bed, shower bath. Phone 36561.
LOST—Brown key case with zipper and two keys. Call Jackson, 55153.
FOR RENT—One double front room at 454 North Grant. Phone 5492. )
THIS COUPON—Ad credited 15 percent on your typing. Public stenographer, Lahr Hotel.
Debris Cuts Available To: All fraternities, sororities, organizations, and publications who want cuts which were used in 1936 and 1937 Debris, call at Debris office in Union Building before January 10. —EHINGER.
University Orchestra: Rehearsal January 9 at 7 p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
Chemical C Removals: Examinations for removal of conditional grades in Chemistry 1 or 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 8, 1-4 p. m. All of those who received C’s in Chemistry 1 or 2 prior to the school year of 1937-38 should attempt removal of the C on the above date. Make application at Room 210, Chemical Building before January 8, 1938. —HASS, McBEE, TEST. ALLEN.
Badminton Players: Those already signed up for the round-robin tournament must begin match play at once. Purdue meets Illinois January 15. A first team must be selected by then. —BILLINGS.
Junior Chemicals: Anyone interested in entering the Hanley Speech Contest see me or call 7026 before January 10. —JACOBI.
Co-ed Ping Pong; These games must be Activity Bureau: Will be closed until the beginning of the second semester. —JACOBSON.
AIChE: Open meeting January 10 at 7:30 p m. in large EE lecture room. Chaplan Tyler of DuPont will lecture on the production of ammonia. —GRIFFENHAGEN.
Activity Charts: All students living in Lafayette, outside of the city limits or on the rural routes, who desire their activ-
ity charts,” please come to the' Student Union office before January 10 and get copies. —JACOBSON.
Freshman Senate Petitions: Freshmen may obtain Senate petitions from Student Senate office from 4 to 6 p. m. January 10 to January 17. All petitions must be letuined by January 17. —ELLIOTT.
Exponent Co-eds: The following girls meet at the Fifth street office at 1:30 p. m. January 8 to work on the co-ed edition. Mary Burtsfield, Mary Jane Carr, Georgia Carroll, Betty Jane Darr, Martha Limpus, Marian Johnson, Barbara Owen, Janet Pickering, Charlotte Sebast, Helen Stanley, and Fairy Totten. At 6 p. m.: Jane Briscoe, Marie Butz, Thelma Goodman, Irend Hibbs, Barbara Joy, Kay O’Leary, Lois Randolph, Ruth Rose, Mary Thompson, Ruth Wattleworth, Ruth Williams. , —PYKE. Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Final meeting of the semester, January 9, at 3 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Open
discussion of the proposed partition, of Palestine, led by Firestone and Heller. Entertainment and refreshments. Bring dues. —QEIST.
Sophomore Union Workers: Our Contmittees will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. January 7. —MATTHEWS, GARLAND.
Zouaves: All those who wish excuses for the Corps Day drills coming up, please get your name in to me so that they may be obtained. Previous list was lost. Call 7026. —FRANCOS
Alpha Phi Omega; Those who owe dues pay up by January 10 so that they may be sent in to the National office. Thcrae who have not asked for life membership and wish to, let me know so that application can be made. Call 7028. —FRANCOS
University Orchestra; Rehearsal changed to January 7, at 7-p. m. in Fowler Hall. —PHILLIPS.
WAA Riflery: Second round of tournament will be held January 10; freshmen vs. juniors, sophomores vs. seniors. Freshmen shoot at 7:30. Sophomores at 7:46, juniors at 8, and seniors at 8:16. —CHRISTENSON.
Debris Photographic Staff: Following is the schedule for photographic workers on January 10 to 16: Monday—Joe White, John Williams, Joe Staley; Tuesday—Bill Gephart, Harley Rhodehemel, Charles Gardner : Wednesday—Bob Dyer, Don Wray; Thursday—Don Martin, Dick Sogge; Fri-day-—Charles Milner, Bill Heddon. All are expected to be in the darkroom by 4 p.m. —EMSLIE.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal January 7 at 4 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
WAA Deck Tennis: The following games must be played January 7 at 4 p{ m.; Johnson and Harry vs. Merritt and Newman; Mather and Wiley vs. Delaplane and Walker ; Morris and Mounce vs. Shaffer and Dalison. -rJENKINS. Cosmopolitan Club: Regular meeting will be held Friday, January 7, at 7 ;15 p. 1 in room C of the Union. —CARACCIOLO.
Mixed Recreation: Meeting January 7 at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. —TUBBS.
Co-ed Ping Pong: ’These games must be played by Monday noon, January 10: Boelke vs Boyton, Shaffer vs. Muterspaugh, Ouiand vs Plank, Stephenson vs. Boyd, Raebig vs Beadry, Sebest vs. Hendrickson, Spiy vs Horn, N. Campbell vs. Schilling,
SMASH GO PRICES ON ALL NATIONALLY KNOWN FURNISHINGS HATS — CLOTHING YES, SIR THE SALE IS ON
NEW START IN A NEW YEAR
Such variety—such tempting goodness—such wholesome, flavory eatables you never saw anywhere else in such a grand array. Graves quality Bakery Phone 3852
224 Main St.
SUPER SAVINGS A Corduroy Pants, all shades and colors—$2.98 Senior and Grey Cords, slide rule pocket $2.98 Wool Pants, just the thing for school.. .$2.98 Ear Muffs — $0.39 Freshman Toques.. $0.48 Corduroy Coats... $6.48 Reliable Clothing Co
ANOTHER YEAR Yes — 1938 is here. Throughout the years we have strived to offer the best service to our customers. In this, and other years to come, we will continue to build our already enviable record.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
24 Hour Service
’f