V '<■
f ki irody<iiiiEl
' Head F^r FiilaJs With Ph i Taus on Tuesday
V^rume 54, No. 39
ft44 TO t COKtNMN G<^$ Techfricaf To ixplaln Chemistry Of A Kim
Ruin Th« Ruhr
.WoSf Lafayette, I ndiana
Awfiiff ty
(liven Td Provide Musk TMorrdw At Sici9iid
I
S^M$r4r’s F/nof Cditvocotioii
rn Music Hall
Union Offers Prizes To Winners Qf Shuflleboard, Horseshoe Contest “Dancing under the stars,” second in the Student Union’s outdoor Mixers, will be held cabaret style tomorrow evening on; the women’s tennis courts from 8:30 until 11:30 with Irv Giyen and his orchestra furnishing the music. The Union’s new combination of shuffleboard and horseshoe pitching will highlight the evening, with a ticket to the Pur-due-Fordham football game —— . ■
going to the couple scoring the highest total out of six throws. Each of the next four winners wi|l be awarded a comp good
for a future mixer.
Tomorrow’s mixer will be the last Union dance that the orchestra of Irv Given will play for, because Irv is graduating and many of his musicians are entering the
armed service.
Union officials advance the inducement that the temperature at outdoor mixers is generally from
Les Brown To Feature
Skits, Novelties Band's Specialfies Will Highlight Swing Convo
By Stan Shipnoski
— By Jean’Lauer Tdple stair tenor of opera, concert' and fadio, Jan Peere'e, will present a concert tonight at 7:30 in the Hall of Music. Ip this .prograni, which will be the last in the series of summer convocations. Peer,Ce will sing' many diff erent types of songs, demonstrating his varied repertoire and his ability to sing in five languages. He. will open the concert with three nuhabers by Handel, “Where’er You Walk*’, “Come and Trip It” and a recitative selection “Deeper and Deeper Still’ followed by the aria “Waft Her Angels”. Giovanni Legrenzi’s “Che Fiero Costume” will also be included in Part I of
the program.
Two songs by Franz Schubert, “An die Leier” and “Ungeduld’,, and two by Johannes
—r—r————r — Brahms, “Die Mainach” and
“Q Liebliche Wangen”, make up Part H. Part HI, an aria by Giacomo Meyerbeer, “0 Paradiso (L’Africana) ”, will be followed by the intermis-
sion.
Part IV will include “Apres, un Keve” by Gabriel Faure, “En Barque” by Gabriel Pierne, “Phyc^e” by Emil Paladilhe and
Orchestra
Jobs Open To Sophs,Frosh
Debris editorial staff will hold their summer, call-out for
in the Music Hall, in honor of the
10 to 20 degrees cooler than in' the sailors now living a,t Cary Hall and Union ballrooms during the sum- free to all students and faculty mer. In case of rain the dance will members, will mark the second apbe moved to the north ballroom. pearance of Les Brown on the camBackdrbp Uses Foliage pus within two semesters. A semi-circular backdrop of convo, which will be held
Next Friday night’s sv'ing convo freshman and sophomore ed
bright hues of yellow, red and orange bedecked with branches of green foliage will be located on the south side of the courts instead of the northwest corner as at the pre-
vious mixer.
- The tennis courts will be treated
prior to the Cary Club dance, will feature various numbers and skits which have been associated with the band. “Joltin’ Joe Dimaggio,” a number made popular by Les
and coed workers next Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in. the Debris workshop on the second floor of the Union near the Music Room. Workers are expected to work in the afternoons; and the work consists of mounting pictures, arranging" schedules for picture taking, writing stories about
Brown, will no doubt be included the pictures in the Debris and peron the program. This number, prob- forming the many other tasks con-
, n 4.1. j . ably the band’s must requested nected with the publishing of the
before the dance with powdered j i 4.u„ TT„: , • tune, sold 50,000 records the first annual. p omises came out. Experience Unnecessary Stone Serves As Sparkplug No particular ability or previous The skits, which liven up the experience is necessary and the
ers, tables will be arranged around are sparkplugged by the sophomores will be eligible to petithe edge of the courts, aL refresh- ® specialty tion for junior jobs in the Decem-
borax which the Union
will make the courts smooth for
dancing.
As is the custom at cabaret mix-
Jan Peerce
ments will be served from there. The refreshments at this mixer will be in charge of the Reamer Club.
artist, “Butch” Stone, veteran performer and sax player. Vocalists featured by the band are 18 year old Betty Bonney and Jack Carroll. Some, remember Brown’s orchestra as the Duke Blue-Devils, as they
ber elections.
Workers have an opportunity to meet many notables and executives around the campus while arranging for picture taking, and they also
By action of the Executive Committee, Augq^t 21 and 22 are penalty days and any student who is absent from classes on either of these days is subject to a fine of $5.00 for each day missed. IJxc uses for absence cannot be granted on either of these two dkys but any student who- anticipates absence and feels that he has a legitimate reason for asking relief from the penalty fee may put such request in writing and mail to the Dean of Men’s Office. These letters will be read between terms and if the reason given for absence is not acceptable, a penalty fee notice will be
sent.
Please do not come to the Dean of Men as it will be impossible to grant personal interviews on this
matter.
F. I. Goldsmith, Dean of Men
.organized and was composed of men who were attending Duke University. As time went on, many of the piembers failed to return to college
about the pictures. Wide Open Field The Debris is now being published
third band. Brown went on his way to success in Chicago and New
York.
Part Of Wages In Bonds Not to be outdone in America’s bond campaign, Les Brown originated the payroll defense plan for band leaders. He was the first to suggest that the band leaders become bond-leaders and pay part of their men’s salaries with War Bonds. He also suggested a plan to the government whereby travelers on trains would be allowed to roll bandages or do some other minor task which is essential to the war effort and which would take up a few of the tedious hours while trav-
eling.
The band has played in numerous places since it last appeared' here including the Blackhawk in Chicago and the Arcadia Ballroom Und Log
Cabin in New York.
The convo will'begin at 7 and Will
. . . sophomore mechanical engi- last until 8:30. The band will play neering student was presented with until 11 i30 in both Union ballrooms a Marks handbook at the Pi Tau for the Cai'y Club dance.
Signia banquet last night. This award is presented annually to thesophomore ME who has the highest index in his class. Wall had a
cumulative index of 6.96.
Model Airplane Club
Will Hold Cont-est'
and the band broke up. Organizing overy two semesters and there is concert, radio and the opera, spend-
still much work to be done on the December issue. During the summer, the staff has been limited in number, and at the present time, the work offers a wide open field both for experience and advancement.
gams, assistant choral director, in the North Ballroom of the Union building. There will be no reception immediately following the concert as previously announced. There will be instead a reception for Jan Peerce immediately following tonight’s
convocation. '
The orchestra appeared at Columbian Park last night with the Concert Choir and the Tippecanoe county Home Economics chorus. Its only other public appearance this summer was at the 4-H Roundup. During previous seasons the orches^ tra has appeared in concerts and as accompanist for the University Choir. ■■
New Concertmaster
Kenneth Roquemore, the new con-
certmaster, is a chemical engineering student from Maywood, Illinois, and studied under Sametini of the Chicago Musical college before coming here. He has been in the
orchestra for the past two yearg. Don Frier, manager, also of the
Chemical Engineering School, plays first trumpet in the organization
ing five months out of the year on is from West Lafayette. Hu-
bert Forbes, of Kendallville, librariair" for the orchestra, is a
member of the flute section. Summer Orchestra Smaller Twenty-five of the present mem-
bership of thirty-five were in the
Stints Must join Corps Before Receiving Call For Induction Under the existing regulations, set up for the Eplisted Reserve Gorps of the Anny, ho student will be allowed to enlist in the Reserve Corps if he has received his order from, th^ Selective Service Board to report for induction. This information was received yesterday by the military depairtment from the" Commanding General of the fifth Service Command. The purpose of this new regulation is to prohibit students, who wait till the last moment before induction, from evading , '' ■ I . ■ '—^— service in the armed forces
momeatarily by enlisting in the Reserve Corps. 'All branches of the Army, including the Air Corps, come under
this new regulation.
In the enlisted reserve plan, •as it wds formulated last May, only a. limited number of students may enlist. The quotas as they were set up then allow only 303 freshmen, 248 sophomores, 233 juniors,
, „ Letters asking parents to and 211 seniors from the Univer-
the direction of Josepff M. Ra-conservation , '^^erve.
program by limiting student Returning Students Get 1st Choice use of automobiles 'have been ^t the present time there are no
sent to the parents of all mem-
bers of tbo studont body. term students coming back These letters are the liesult of from summer vacation will be given a survey made by a special precedence over those who have committee on the use of cars 'by University this sumstudents during the present emer- a;nd have had their chance for
gency.
The decision to send the letters was m&de by the executive committee in their session last Satdrday,
To Present Convo In Union Ballroom University concert orchestra wilbpresent a program Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock, under
Ufirversity ^quests
LessOriving Ask Parenf's To Limit Student Use Of Gars
enlistment.
In December, enlistment will be closed to all students, with the exception of the new freshmen. The
upon the recommendation of the Purpose of the Enlisted Reserve for special committee. Findings/oLthe students is to insure a future source
“Le Soleil et la Mer” by MelTx Fourdrain. Part V will be comprised of “Blow, Blow Thou Winter Wind” by Quiltei-, “Blue. Are Her Eyes” by Watts, “The Jasmine Door” by Scott and “Love Went a
Riding” by Bridge.
Following the convocation there
.--u.e^.ue-..eyus, as uiey journalistic training while t® a reception Yor Peerce in
renalty Pays ^"^■®®^“®‘^^^^®’^^^®'^^"'^7^/"®^.writing the necessary information t^® West Faculty Lounge of the
committee show that there are 835 student cars registered for the present year. In addition to this it is known that there are many student cars not registered with the University. ; Faculty Adopts Group Riding Members of the University staff and University employees have al-
6f qualified officer candidates for the armed forces. This reserve is maintained under the National Defense Act as a body of partially trained men who have, special qualifications and who are eligible to call for active military service by the President or Secretary of War.
Grades Must Be Kept Up
' Students who enlist in the re-
Union. Sponsored by the Student Union, it will be open to all students, faculty and townspeople. Peerce divides his time between
raedy adopted a system of group ... , ,, , , .j. ... ^ serve'will be allowed to graduate riding. The committee;decided that . jj_j j.u. .• j
a complete prohibition of the use of cars by students was impractical
Exponent Board Important meeting this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station for all juniors and
seniors.
tour with concert and opera. He has many engagements on featured radio programs and does weekly programs at the Radio City Music Hall. (See JAN PEERCE TO SING, p. 4)
United Air Lines Will Interview
Engineers
Representatives of the United Air.
and unfair at the present time, due to a certain amount of essential transportation that would have to
be covered by exemptions.
A letter from the Office of Defense Transportation, received in reply to one from the special committee, stated that there had been no special appeal to students as to
orchestra last winter, arid the other limiting of the^use of passenger ten members are new. The instru- ri.utomobiles to. essential uses -only.
provided they maintain the required, scholastic level, and that the necessities of war do not demand their immediate call to seivice by the Sec-
retary of War.
mentation and balance of the orchestra has not been disturbed although the summer group is little more than half as large as the usual
winter orchestra.
The violin section of twelve people is, according to Ragains, supe-
but that one might be^forthcoming
in the near future. Walk To Class
As USD ttOstesses
Coeds will have an opportunity
_ . . . , to do their part in the Lafayette Reasons for restricting the use of aj,d Tippecanoe county USO movethe cars are the critical rubber ment by helping with the recreashortage, and the fact that ,^tudent tion program. The Union office of cars are usually used for conyen- the YWCA will remain, open today
Tom Wall
Student Electrocuted At Ideal Beach
Gold Peppers Adopt
Corduroy Skirts
next week to interview students for the navigation training school sponsored by the commercial air lines. Students having two or more years of engineering and who will be available immediately after the close of the current semester will
be accepted for interviews.
, According to Prof. H. L. Solberg, Charles (Casey) Karler, Univer- head of the Mechanical Engineersity freshman from Mishawaka, ing school, students with questionwas electrocuted Wednesday eve- able draft status will be assured of ning at Ideal Beach on Shaffer Lake, deferments if they are accepted for where he haff gone swimming with the navigators training school, as several fellow students. their work will concerri the fransKai'lef was leaning against a portation of vital war material and metal brace at the bottom of the personnel under the direction of the
Lines will come to the University any in past orchestras here ierice. rather, than necessity, since and tomorrow for enlistment.
at the University. Although much smaller, the reed, brass’ and percussion sections are complete., The following program ■ will be presented Sunday afternoon: Overture, Die Fledermaus..,Strauss Minuetto, L’Arlesienne Suite .Bizet Morris Dance, Torch Dance, Henry VIII —....German
Triumphal March,
Sigurd Ji^rsalfar Grieg
(See STUDENT CARS, page 4)
Navy Warrant
Officers To Train
At University
Gold Peppers, activities honorary, has adopted beige corduroy, skirts as official dress for senior women.
Members of the Model Airplane Orders should be placed at any of Club will sponsor a contest Sunday the Lafayette stores by tomorrow, at 2 p. m. The meet will be held in Although it will be possible to get Miller’s Field, south of Linne’s Field the skirts at a later date, on route 62. ' Gold Peppers expressed hope
Prizes will be offered to the winners of first, second and third places in the two classes of the competition, which will be divided into gasoline powered^ models and rubber-
driven planes. by senior meri.
There is no entry fee, arid the con-
test is open to all students inter- styles at prices ranging upward
ested in model acronaiitics, from $3.98.
Air Transport Command of t^e
Army Ail' Corps.
Pays Beginners $150 Per Month Students who are accepted will be sent to a training school where
diving tower when he suffered the electrical shock. The accident is thought to have,been caused by a
short in the -firing. , ■ Life Guard Shocked Also
: Will Collins, a life guard, realiz- they will learn the elementary prining that .something was wrong, ciples of air navigation. Compqnsagrabbed Karler’s arm and was un- tion for the training period will be that all senior women will purchase able to release himself. The master $150 per month,
the skirts since they were adopted ‘switch was t«nicck.eff in time to After finishing the elementary in order to give the senior coeds a savoi CollinsTBiit the guards were ground school, they will be assigned mark of identification analogous to unable To revive Karler. to the air service with the rating of
the yellow cords traditionally worn
Officials of the local USO are making an appeal to the University wbmen to sign up now to help part time in the' effort to entertain the sptviee men in their leisure time at theVYMCA in Lafayette over the
we^fcend. .
Coeds, Town Girls Needed
.Campus women signing up for
Twentyffive warrant officers re- the USO Vfork willbe under no obli-
ported Monday to the Naval Train- gation, but are urged to do their
Overture, Rosamunde Schubert ing School at the University, where part,, small as it may seem, in the Patriotic Fantasia... Reibold they have been assigned for a. ten war effort. To date little support weeks’ course in Diesel angineering. has been offered by the women stu-
This school will train Idiem for duty dentsvas well as towngirls.
in the engine rooms of the many Girls signing up for the reereasmall Diesel craft now being built tion program will be asked to give for duty along the coasts as mine- some of their time op Saturday and sweepers, subchasers, and crash- Sunday afternoons at the YMCA, boats. These machinists join 24 men partieipatihg with the soldiers, sailwho arrived five weeks ago to take ors and' marines in dancing, ping the course. poag, bridge and other activities.
Many of the men are already vet- USO hqstessgs are also ne^ed for
eyans of World War 11 and some Saturday night dances which the
have had as many as'rPJi yearst ex- ^viee; men attend, perience behind them. Bbajrt S. Wat- Refere&ces^IteQuired
son, 30, was at Pearl Harbor Dec. All those interested in signing upi 7, and has since been on active duty for the program may apply at the
Marriage
Students who wish to make application for next semester’s marriage course sign up in Dr. Wakening’s office in Administration Building before August 15.
—WILKENING
David E. Ross
president of the University 'with the Pacific Fleet: Edward D. YWCA office in the Uniott today
Karler entered the University last apprentice navigator, with a salary Board of Trustees, who is in the McColgan witnessed the fall of from 3 to 6 and tomorrow all .afterFebruary at the beginning of the of $200 monthly. Satisfactory com- Home Hospital following a recent Shanghai, Swatow, Aproy,. and oth- fAdOP and'sbrndd^bta;.able to. present
The skirts are offered in various second term, and was living with pletion of the apprentice training heart attack, is reported as “un- ei’ famous Chinese coastal towns.
East Oak, leads to the rank of navigator with changed.” Last reports were that Many hJaveseens.er'vicein theAt-
a salary of $250 per month, his condition was critical. lantic.
two bro.thers. at West Lafayette.
.1171/1.
a eharneter reference to Mrs.' Mol
Tapbe, chairman, who wifi interview applicants. 'Putdue Exponent
Offices: Eilitorial and Business, Purdft# Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporfs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Edilt>I*-in-Chicf News Ertilor ManacinB Kdilor Snnris Editor Rufliness ManaKer .t’irrulnlion Manager., toed Editor
John F. Aiiioa Don T. Broph7 ..Joihii H. Armstrong Robert l>. Hadley . ...William D. MiUard Ken K. Gjemre Alice ChatBeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Stair: R. W. Boswinklc, D. Ei Buts. W. G. Hoskins, A. J’. HiinUr. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Ratert. Sport.s Stair: U. E. Brewer, J. S. Daw'son, E. L. KSrpiek. Coed Stair: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advcrlising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Kloumah. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Night Edtior; Hoskins Sports Editor: Br*w*t Day Editor: Beall Issue Editor: Shipnoski Reporter.^: Abbctt, Miller, Jordan, Freyman, Stephenson, H.anw.ay, Hopkins, Murphy, Ackerman, Scheid.
The Summer Ratio.
Enlrrcfl as second class matter at the post office in Xjftfayette*. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and nt tlie special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, net uf October 3. 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published ‘oTi WedTurdny, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer .semester and daily except Monday during the fall and winter Delivered locally by carrier for $1.26 for summer semester; mailed subscription $1.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc.; New York, N. Y.
8.44 . . . to 1 LET’S ALL GO TO .A CHEMISTRY CLASS. HERE IS THE TOPIK OF DISGUSTION TODAY: THE CHEMISTRY OF THE KISS Occurrence: Kisses were discovered by the old alchemist named Adam during his research on apples. He was ably assisted dn this important work by Eve, to whom much of the credit of the discovery is due. The kiss may be produced synthetically, but the natural is more widely used. It may be found in the free state in parks, automobiles, parlors, porches, and similar places. Its occurrence in the combined state is rare except in certain localities where it is fpund in combination with divorce proceedings and the like. Chemical Properties: The kiss is a slightly reactive to metals like iron, but does have a gi’eat attraction for metals like gold and platinum with which it reacts with the liberation of a gread deal of air. Physical Properties: Its chief physical property is that it is sensitive to light—particularly moonlight. Uses: This substance because of its peculiar chemical as well as physical properties, finds varied uses in the arts—especially in the art of love-making. Little more is known about its properties hut many heads are now at work on the problem.
GRIN AND bear IT
More Streamlining ; Now that the order of the day is immediate need of scientifically trained men, and university graduates are at a premium, it seems timely for the different schools of the University to chan'fee their curricula. - It is true that to speed up graduation for the students, the three terms a year system has been incorporated. Yet it appears slightly ironical for the time to be cut and the requirements that students take non-essential courses to be continued. With technical training in any of the majors given at Purdue in such demand, the requirements that engineers take Econ 11 and 12, that Home Ec girls struggle through physics and physiology, that P. E. majors .strain to pass chemistry, are diversifying the students’ war efforts and are not necessary. ' There are only a few coursi^s given at Purdue which are not in some way connected with a phase of defense, yet the old institution which has sprung up in education—namely that people in any type of training shouldliave a broad knowledge—has no place ih the war effort. Why bother with a cultural and liberal background now? This is war! Ye.s, this is a time when everyone over the world is fighting for his own belief to live the way he wishes. Is it more irnportant then, in doing our utmost for national defense, to graduate a relatively small number of students from Purdue who have a “broad and culturar’ education, than to teach a great many in a short time, all of the technical knowledge which is required of them ? It would cut at least a semester and perhaps ^ year from most of the schedules of Purdue students if the non-essential courses were no longer required. Engineers, chemists, psychologists', and other students, so necessary in the defense of our country, would have just as complete information and skill in their specific sciences as ever before. Let it not be said that Purdue suplied “too little too late.’’—cfh.
BUTTONS, BUTTONS, WHO’S GOT THE BUTTONS? What about this one ? Found in the hack seat of a campus automobile were quite a few large white buttons—probably from the dress of Miss Chi O Marselda Jacobs. Looks especially fishy now that NOOZ comes to the SNOOPER DOOPER that Miss You’ve-read-her-writings-before-in-Man-Friday Jacobs sent one of her dresses hack to the department store because the buttons came off too easily!
Cummings Announces Auto Scrap Totals; Warns Holdouts
Musical
R. L. Smith . . . Ag ’40, has been promoted from the rank of Ensign to Lieutenant Junior Grade. Lieutenant Smith, who was graduated with distinction and joined •the,navy over a year ago, has been assigned to the jjubinaj'ine .service and has seen active duty. — In addition to being a distinguished student, Smith !€nf';.igL'ci in a wide variety of extra-eurricular activjtii.s duiing his undergraduate days, competing on both Die track and cross-country squads, i He wa.s a member of the Alpha Chi Rho social fraternity, the P Men’s Club, Alpha Zeta, national jionpraiy agricultural fraternity, and Ceres, local ^I'gp'icultural honorary. jvid W. Rankin iii>•. former University student, is in Corpus Christi, at the United States Naval Air Station. Ran kin, whose home i.s in Winona, Lake, Ind., was pi^^niversity football player.
fdrry 0. Black . former University student of Terre Haute, jndi, was commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the 'Army Air Force at Turner Field, Albany, Georgia.
^ For every ten 30-foot cruisers that aren’t being built this year our Navy can have another mosquito hoai.
■ One electric dry shaver will keep one man well^tbomed, but the copper in a hundred electric dry shavers would make a smoke lank for an airplane—a smoke tank which, by throwing a screen around a teghthoit ship, might save many American lives.
WENT TO THE BALL GAMES YESTERDAY TO WATCH THE FRATERNITIES YELLING AT EACH OTHER. HERE ARE A FEW THINGS I SAW AND HEARD HERE AND THERE; Everyone was griping at Tau Kappa Epsilon’s pitcher. Bob Hajzyk, and his fifteen straight outs by fanning the batters. Plenty of good old interfraternity language back and forth^—and we do mean language. These Purdue Coeds can take anything. Phi Kappa Tau Eddie Warzynski cheering, rooting, griping, cussing, and pushing his team around and through a victory over the Phi Kappas. Plenty of griping over fraternity-brother-umpire’s
decisions.
Everyone cheering for the. underdog, except the Pi Phis who seemed to be all out for an ATO victory over the Tekes—which didn’t come. ATO Bob Miller throwing bats and cussing down the ump when three straight called strikes came over
the plate.
ATO Swisher getting the “Oh, Swisher!” from Adele Cole whenever he made an error. The DUs playing a ball game with themselves so they could get into the playoffs. (It’s not that bad— but they were playing by themselves). The poor players griping at the good players and
vice versa.
All the little kids in town running around, holding the players coats, and acting as bat boys. The WRH out all strong as usual. Griping, griping, and more griping everywhere. Pretty girls wandering from game to game. And still a little more griping. All the players showing off for their women. Ugly legs, and poor physiques walking around with bulged chests just as if they were Charles Atlas. Cuts, bumps, and bruises on all the “heroes”. Everybody getting “Chiggers” from sitting on the green. ■
“Why don’t you look at it another way, Roscoe—-the fact that we live beyond our means speaks well for A'ftierlean ingenuity and resourcefulness!” University Calendar Friday, August 7
8:30 A.M. Federal Land Bank Meeting Rodm 363, Union 4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Meeting ..Room 304, Union 7:30 P.M. Convocation—Jan Peercc—Tenor....Hall of Music Saturday, August 8 8:30 P.M. Union—Dance Under Stars Women’s Tennis Courts
The Bottle Aleck The Cork got a gigantic brainstorm yesterday evening while we were watching the girl next door named Dotty play with her little cocker spaniel pup about four weeks old in her back yard. It was about the cutest thing we’d ever seen (the pup) and when Dotty went inside, the Cork nonchalantly wandered over and gave the little dog a pat on the head.
Dotty came out and said she paid $15 for it right across the alley; so we went over to ask the lady if she had any more. There was one little girl pup that was redder and looked more ignorant than the rest which appealed to the Cork. We went back to convince the brothers that we needed a mascot. We told them that in two years our little pup would start giving us batches of more little pups which we could sell for $15 apiece, but they said we are here to go to school and not to run a dog farm, and they voted to buy a piano.
While the Cork was up ip our room lamenting and thinking about our little red dog running around across the alley, our roommate that got hit with a car while he was riding a bicycle last week came in. His face was swelled up so that he looked like a football player and we said what’s wrong with you. He said I’ve got an immense case of the hives. One of the other brothers looked up Doc Millers’ telephone number and took the roommate over to the health service. We thought that the dope is going to wake up extremely dead one of these sunny mornings.
Tried to study for a while and thought about what we’ll do the Monday night after we come back from the year’s longest vacation in a couple of weeks. Finally called Gloria up and said that Monday night would be a perfect night for something. She said it sure would and she and some more of the girls were planning something big for her and some more of the girls. The Cork decided that we should start planning something with some of the guys, but we felt bitter toward Gloria..
Decided that we didn’t want to muddle our mind with a lot of facts with so many tests scheduled for the next -few days and went out to .sit in the back yard. The pups across the alley were yelling for their supper.
Manufacture of one type of machine gun by General Motors involves more than 1,800 separate machining operations. Sixty-six operations must be performed on the bolt alone.
Prof. Sfigers Writes Book On Job Rating M. Fi Stigers, assistant professor of trade and industrial education, is co-author of a book entitled “The Theory and Practice of Job Rating” which has just been published by the McGraw-Hill Book Company, Inc. The book, which was written in collaboration with E. G. Reed, president of Reed Laboratories, Akron, Ohio, is designed to serve as a text in industrial management or personnel courses. It may also serve as a manual for plant managers anxious to establish a scientific means for measuring job values. Questionnaire Included According to the authors, one of the main objectives of the publication is to aid management to pay for different jobs faiidy in accordance with the actual differences which exist in the difficulty of the job. The procedure outlined is not all theory but covers a practical plan that has b.eenjused successfully in one of the, foremost industiicfe in the country. One of the features of the book is the inclusion of typical questionntth'p and ' rating
scales;'
Methodist Youth Conference Opens This Afternoon “Youth Facing World Construction” will be the theme of the Methodist youth conference which will open today at 5:30 p, m. at Battleground and close Sunday afternoon. The conference is open to college age and-?hld.er:youth of northwestern Indiana and iii’' sponsored by the University Wesley P'oundation. Cars will leave the Methodist Church between four and five o’clock today, and a return trip will be made tonight for those who have Saturday classes and wish to go b^ck to the conference tomorrow at noon. Cooking will be done cooperatively, and each person will furnish his own bedding. Local Group In Charge Reverend R. R. Blake of Rockville will be dean of the conference, and Rev. E. R. Balsley, student Methodist pastor, is bus.iness manager. The University Wesley Foundation will be in charge of the opening and closing of each worship service. Five commission seminars will be under the direction of Dr. John W. Tenant, of the Gobin Memorial Church, Greencastle, and Dr. Earl W. Pittenger, of Kokomo. Hall To Speak Sunday ' Dr. Logan F. Hall, of the Meridian St. Church of Indianapolis, will be the special Sunday speaker. All students may attend, and those who are interested should sign on the bulletin board at the Foundation.
Personnel Notes
Naval p r d n a n c c Laboratory, Navy Yard, Washington, D. G.^— Coming Monday and Tuesday, August 10 and 11. Also interviewing for Bureau of Ships and Naval Research Laboratory. Interested in ME, EE and Physicists. Sign, in Personnel Office before 10:00 a. m., Saturday, April 8. United Air Lines, Chicago Illinois —Coming soon, /interested in students with 2-4 years of Engineering Training. Inquire at Personnel Office if interested. Naugatuck Chemical Division of United States Rubber Company, Naugatuck, Connecticut — Coming August 14 and 15. Fairchild Aviation Corporation, Jamaica, New York—Interested in ME seniors. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. Universal Cooler Corporation, Marion, Ohio ’— Interested in ME^ senior. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. ^ Ball Brothers Company, Muncie, Indiana—Interested in August or December Science students. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, August 7. .. Pennsylvania Railroad, Chicago, Illinois—Coming soon. Interested in December CE and EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, August 8. Ray-O-Vac Company, Madison, Wisconsin—Interested in GhE, ME, and EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17. Cosmopolit'an Club To Hold Picnic Cosmopolitan club will hold a picnic at Ross Camp tbmonow afternoon with Frank Stocker in charge. Singing and games, such as softball, volley ball, ping pong and pool will be featured in the afternoon, with a Hawaiian style barbecue in the evening. Members are urged to bring their friends, but must make reservations for them. The group will leave the Grant Street entrance of the Union pronijitly at 3.
University Musicians Appear At Local Park Opening the program heneqth the glowing lights of Columbian Park Recreational Center, the voices of 2,500 townspeople were raised in singing the national anthem under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, director of the University Glee Club. Following the singing of the national anthem, the University concert chqir presented a series of selections accompanied by E. A. Jacklin at the piano. The selections included “The Spirit of the Lord,” “Dark Water,” “Sing a While Longer,” and the ever-popular “Donkey Serenade.” A group of numbers, including the Prelude from the L’Arlesicnne Suite, Morris and the Torch Dance from Henry VIII and the Toreador from Carmen, were presented by the University Concert Orchestra under the direction of Joseph M. Ragains. The Tippecanoe County home economics chorus carried on the program after a few comments by master of ceremonies, A1 Stewart. Stewart informed the audience of a letter of congratulations that had been received from the First Lady of the Land, Mrs. Roosevelt, which highl,y commended the work done by this organization. This home economics chorus is the first group of its kind to be organized in the United States; however, since its organization many groups have followed in its footsteps. “In An Old Fashioned Garden” opened the group of five selections presented by the chorus. Tlirec of the selections presented were by Indiana, composers. Group singing for young and old followed with songs from the decade when “Over There” was the popular hit tune down to the present ditty “Jingle, Jangle, Jingle.” This met with the approval of the audience with a majority of the 2500 voices heartily participating. Completing the evening’s program at the park, the University Glee Club offered their contribution which included a new composition hy a local compoiicr, Edward Frccburg of Lafayette, which was entitled “Unite America.” “The Song of the Army Air Corps,” “This is My Country,” and the rhythmic tunc “The Animals Are Coining” concluded the program.
(Editor’s Note: This arilcle was Jf**"'^* 1>y tho Indianapolis l^ranch information ol flee of the WPB.) , ' ^ Indianapolis, Ind.—Keeping . with the increasing urgency of, getr ting scrUp to the blast furnaces and the winter stock piles, Hoosierautq graveyards delivered 23,349 riet tons of scrap iron and steel in June, ■, as compared to 13,798 the mopt^ before. f This report, together with a warding to graveyard operators that the. volume of output must be ever-irir creasing, was made today by Donald Cuihttiings, district chief, of tlie Auto Graveyard Section of the
WPB.
Mr. Cummings said that a large percentage of the aiito graveyard operators have turned in good jobs so far, and he commended theijd; Others, he said, must make additional effort. ' “In order to insure that the prpr duction of scrap continues to rise, ip brder to build up winter stpekv piles,” Mr, Cummings said, “the „ Bureau of InJftsilrial Conservation , is preparing to take ®ven more diAfttic steps. Any auto graveyard which fails to dismantle ite'^ptire stock of junk cars every 60 days will be subject to requisition, 8hd used car dealers who refuse to dispose of old junkers will be subject to the same procedure. ' “Infrequently, but too often, it has been brought to the attentlfW of officials that a scrap dealer herd or there has denied the acute shortage of scrap. Such men are acting from purely selfish motives and are jeopardizing the safety of our couri^ try. When specific evidence of such action comes to the attention of WPB authorities the guilty parties will be severely dealt with. “This is comparable to any other ‘loose talk’ that intentionally or oth-'; ei wise hinders the war effort in this '■ copntry and so aids the axis.” Mr. Cummings said that, in addi-;’ tion to the measures to be takeii against non-cooperating grayeyardif operators and dealers, the WPB and-j other agencies concerned havd adopted a policy for requisitioning: old cars which are making np; con- : tribution to the nation’s :t^ag,sp6rtation. needs. ^ '/fX , “In a war economy,”-he said, “all, automobiles must be considered; in-! one of two ways—as _ tr^sportation, or as scrap, to be sold at serdpi prices.” ■ r-.' i ^ ■ »'■' ■ 1 A. B. Brewer, Ag '06, . Dies Of Heart Attack i Funeral rites for A. B. Brewer,' 1906 University graduate,.wcj'e held last Monday in .Fairmont, where he, died suddenly from a heart attack. Brewer was one of five men whosq picturo.s han.g in the University’s' agricultural hall of fame.
MARS LAST TIMES TODAY
' MacDonald CA^EY
Jeon PHILLIPS
TODAY-SATURDAY
juRm wmus!
Richard Denning ^ Jack Haley Patricia Morison-Walter Abel ijiir nu THiAni/
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Nick Carlcr Ro.irs Back Inlo Action! PHANTOM RAIDERS with WALTER PIDGEON FLORENCE RICE —plus—
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
BOB HOP^ BING CROSBY DOROTHY LAMOUR in ROAD TO ZANZIBARH
^PMdiUyy August 7/lr94^
pouermak$r Sports
’'S 1^*'.
S #% .V %■
V''*" '*’?
TKEs Face Phi Taus In Softball Finals
/ I ^ / , D^^pite tlie behavior of thermometers in most sections of the country, th'e major part of sports strategy and prediction is being devoted to fodtball. There are some unknown quantities appearing for the first tiliie this fall, which will provide a question mark in the schedules of a ^qod many collegiate and pro teams. The said unknown quantities comprise the service teams being collected to represent the various Army
and Navy training stations.
If the gang which is going to make up the All-Army team slated to appear in professional circuits this fall is representative, the question is answered. The team being gathered by head coach Col. Bob Neyland down East at Yale for six weeks of training is made up, so (kr of about ’50 hard, brown huskies in top condition and aching to get into uniform. About 35 more will probably join the squad before training begins. The players are being picked from all Army units and are all ex-collegiate stars. The question of spirit which came up in regard to the service teams, particularly during the basketball season last winter, seems to be answered in the attitude of these men. Some of the perfoimances of such C{|ge squads as the Gieat Lakes contingent, who played almost faultless basketball with the apparent spirit of a zombie, made some wonder Whether men who played for years in high schools and colleges would play with the same interest in the game that they had shown in the past. The spirit of the many baseball teams hailing from camps and training stations and the apparent zeal which such teams as this AllArmy gang is throwing into their preliminary training seems to erase any doubts. ' With the Bears heading for intensive training in preparation for the approaching confifct -with the All-Stars, Coach George Halas professes worries concerning the roster of his squad’s opponents of August 28. For one thing, Halas has never been particularly worried by an array of All-Americans on the other side of the field. For one thing he has plenty of them around himself, and for another tlung the men he uses that aren’t All-Americans are playing because they are better than the available All-Americans in their department. The Bears’ coach says, Ihough, that the fellovyjs whose names haven’t been splashed all over the country’s sports pages are the ones that require watching. There are plenty of those oh the roster—men who are top-fiight players with enough backing to get the voting started in the poll, but who weren’t named on the first teams when the sports writers
were selecting All-Americans.
B~U Y WAR BONDS
Boilermaker Posters Cover Middle West striking football posters, focussing attention on the Boilermakers’ unusually attractive home schedul^ of 'fbu5?^' major games this fall, started to make their appearances over the Middle West this week. ^ ' The colorful posters, featuring head pi^thrps ofethe 18 major lettermen who are expected to form the ^ttclehi for this fall’s squad, detail the most
Phi KappdPipIfih
JBadmintoh
Mackey, Connelly Lead In All-Campus Golf Tournament Guy Mackey took an early lead
Crush ATO Ten,6-0,AsHaizYk Stars; Phi Kappas Drop Thriller By Ad Scheid Dunkirk and Pearl Harbor took a back seat last night and the Riveter intra-mural field stepped into the limelight as the scene of one of the most violent massacres since Custer.
the all-campus golf tournament Baffled by the lightning-like hurlings of TKEs Bob Hajzjrk,
15 ATO potential hitters went down swinging, unable to get near the ball.. The final score stands at 6 to 0, TKE advancing to meet Phi Kappa Tau in the - - . ...
ambitious schedule in Riveter football history. In addition to the home games with Fordham, Wisconsin, Great Lakes, and Indiana, the Boilermakers will face six formidable foes on the
finals this Tuesday.
The Teke aggregation drew first blood in the late half of the second inning. With one
Last Tuesday
Kappa Psis eme^gp'd ^jctOTlous in
load, including Vanderbilt, North- the Intramural Ba^mi|itqfi,SFwnawestern, Ohio State, Iowa, Michi- mg^t by overcoipi^alfelraappi^ gan State and Camp Shelby. Alphas in the tbe Phi Lettermep Pictured Psi squad, com'pds^jof Jftm WigMajor lettermen pictured include glesworth and Bill feider, had little John Andretich, Chicago, 111., back; .trouble in conquering Jones and Tony Beito, Clinton, back; William Maitin of the Pi KAs. The score of Buffington, Peru, back; Robert the match was 15-5, 15-10, 15-4. Chester, Vincennes, back; Walter In reaching the final rotiifid, the Cook, Casper, Wyo., back; Barry Phi Psis triumphed over a Sigma French, Sioux Falls, S. Dak., tackle; Alpha Mu team by scores of 15-2 Robert Hajzyk, South Bend, back; and 15-0 in a semi-final engageLaVern King, Crown Point, end; ment. The Pi KAs attained theiiv Alex Leugo, Chicago, 111., center; berth in the select group of finalists Foirest McCaffiy, Evansville, end; ^y bcjsting an SAE aggregation. Ewell O’Bryan, Terre Haute, tackle; A total of thirty-one teams played William Powers, Chicago, 111., the tourney, whi(?h \vas featured guard; Harold Schumacher, Chica- many hard-f^ughl > matches, go, 111., fullback; William Shimer, E^^h team consisted of two playSouthpoit, end; Fred Smerke, Fort these foiming one doubles Worth, Tex., end; Kenneth Smock, team. The rnatches were decided by Indianapolis, back; Vincent Snyder, team winning the best two out
Massillon, 0., back, and Bruce War- three games,
ren, Kalamazoo, Mich., tackle. Judging from the early response to the opening of ticket sales a week ago, unusual interest has been generated in the Boilermaker’s home schedule. Apparently aware of the major calibre of the four home games, a high percentage of fans have been ordering the bargain rate season ticket priced at $9.00, including tax, which assures preferential seats foi the local appearances in
the Ross-Ade Stadium.
Phi
tcnlir niba to Imow ftiot oneo. yWira chosen the wrifin^ paper thot beet expresses your persemrfMy yo» een criweys bey "(MMns"->eiere sheeteer eneetopee—es you need themi That's the convenience and economy of 3
EATON’S OPEN STOCK papers Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Sighia Chis Play Kappa Sigmas In Golf Finals
as he won his match in the championship flight by defeating Rogers Schutt. Norm Driscoll was the first to bow to Mackey and Schutt, who played on the varsity golf team, was the second. This is the only game that has been played off so far in the quarter-finals in the champion-
ship flight.
Other leaders in the top flight OUt Metzger stepped to who have won their first matches the plate and, With the aid of are Voinoff, Stackhouse, Kohler, ATO errors, stretched a short single Harrison, Henrickson, and Shead. into three bases. Hurler Hajzyk
Thus far Schutt, Taube, Driscoll, stepped up next to lay out a long Survivors of the Inter-fraternity Powers, Coombp, Lodge, Berlick, single, scoring Metzger and bring- golf tournament, the Kappa Sigmas Beckett, and Scranton have been ing up Spaulding. Spaulding singled and Sigma Chis, meet today for the put out of the tournament. All of advancing Hajzyk to third. Hajzyk final rounds. Tuesday evening the the quarter-final games had to be was left on third as the next two Sigma Chis’ Jack Coombs downed played off by last evening. men filed out. Kappa Sigma’s Bob Anderson with Finals Scheduled For August 16 Metzger Opens Final Attack ^ score of two and one-half to ondThe semi-finals in all three m, ^ ..u half in the first round of the finals,
filghts, the championship, “A” and , ^^e final slaughter came rn the
“B,” have to be played by Monday, f^^^rth when Metzger again Phi Delta August 10. The finals will be run.°Pt" ^^^ack for the TKEs with The Kappa Sigs aggregation, off by August 16. In the top flight, composed of H^ank Wilkins Miller
Voinoff will play Stackhouse, Kah-
the third baseman and the next man Nourse and Bob Anderson, defeated
IM Schedules The following Cary Hall Tennis Matches will be played Friday eve-
ning;
Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 5. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7. Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6.
_ ^
The following Ward Softball games will be played Monday eve-
ning:
Diamond 1 Ward 1 vs. Dairy. . 2 Ward 2 vs. Ag. Chem. 3 Ward 9 vs. Pharmacy. 4 Ward 25 vs. Ward 26. 5 Agronomy vs. Ward 29.
ler meets Harrison, and Hemdcksen Spaulding received a pass put- the Phi Kappa and Sigma Nu teams is scheduled for Shead, in the quar- ® ^^ird. Cook and went to the finals by downing ter finals stepped to the plate and bounced the Phi Delta Thetas after tremg In the'“A” flight, Phil Connelly shortstop’s head them two times. The Sigma Chi jias taken an early lead as he de- advancing Spaulding to thud and team ,boasting Harry Hudson, Ray feated Tom Graham in a quarter- Metzger. Jones was next Nihan and Jack Coombs, have final match. Connelly had beaten ^ downed the Theta Chis and Phi
single to left, scoring Spaulding. Kappa Taus. Deal stepped to the plate and com- Finals Tomorrow
The linksmen who remain in the *^® massacre by clearing the Delta Upsilon, Theta Chi, Theta quarter-finals are Jim Stiggleman, '^^® Xi, Phi Kappa and Sigma Nu teams Larry LaBree, Dutch Fehring, ^ came when defeated in their first meets. Elmer Burnham, Chief Clevett, and imns a singled scoring Deal, The Phi Delta Theta and Phi Kappa Joe Inman. Stiggleman will meet mg t e tota s, five runs, five teams held out for two meets LaBree, while Fehring and Burn- three error s. ^ jjy (jgfgating the Theta Xi and Delta ham and Clevett and Inman will ATOs Score Upsilon linksmen respectively, but play off the rest of the quarters, The^ only ATO scoring threat fell to competitors. The final meets
must be finished by tomorrow morning and the games may have to be played tomorrow, however, if the weatherman is not agr-eeable this
afternoon.
Ed Denari in the first round, while Graham had won over R. R. Weichel.
at
BUD RODERtCK and his orchestra HELD OVER THRU AUGUST 10 by Popular Request (Service Men Admitted
half price.)
DANCING EVERY NITE AND SUNDAY AFTERNOON
New Roller Rink. Modern Bath House, Rides, Amusements, Toboggan Slide Free Adm. Free Parking
scoring
Connelly being the only man to fin- came early in the fourth. Strong ish his match in this bracket. stepped up to face Hajzyk, who had The results of only six of the just struck out the tenth ATO bateight matches have been posted on tei, and dropped a triple into deep the “B” flight. Thus far, France, left. Hajzyk, slightly lattled, heaved Simons, Wells, Myers, Eastwood, the next two pitches up on the front and Rumble aie the only membeis steps of WRH, but settled down who have reached the second round quickly to fan the next two ATO or quarter-finals. The match win- batsmen. The flashy Teke hurler ners of Beal and Smith, and Perry/struck out thiee moie in the final and Stinnett have not been recorded.'^ fifth to chalk up a grand total of
—15 strikeouts.
Mixed Swimming Will End Aug. 21
The finals in the Fraternity Softball will be played Tuesday evening on Diamond 1. This game will be between the winners of the Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon and Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa games played last night.
Mixed recreational swimming, which has been held in the Fieldhouse pool for the past ten weeks
In tne lower bracket of the semis, gf ^jjg summer, will continue only
Wednesday, August 12, at 6:30 p. Pbi Kappa Tau Wins
m. The eight top teams will start
play in the final lound Thursday, Phi Kappa Tau staged a last min- two weeks‘7onger,’a'ccoi^ing" to“the .O ^.on .. ute rally to defeat the Phi Kappas, Intramural department.
4 to 3. The scoie tied at the end of the fifth. Parsons came across
August 13, at 6:30 p. m. Twentyfive participation points for entering, five points to the winner and three to runner-up. Usual team
tiophy and medals.
Fraternity Horseshoe Doubles Tournament will start Monday evening, August 10, at 6:30 p. m. Competition will consist of two matches on Monday and two matches on
The Fraternity Golf Tournament must be finished by Saturday morning. Please turn in your results to the Intiamural Office as soon as you have finished your matches.
White Formal Coat $1450 Blue or Black Formal Trousers $7.00
For Your FORMAL EVENINGS Palm Beach Formats America's coolest suits—and the most correct, for "white is right at night"’ Say goodbye to that old uneasiness about "how you'll look after a few hours' dancing", come in and let us fit you in a dou-ble-breasted style, in KOOLERIZED Palm Beach — the white formal of lasting freshness’ KOOLERIZED!
Regular White P B Coats, Single or Double Breasted $13 75 Tuxedo Shirts, pleated fronts, collar attached ... $2 50 Tie, Handkerchief and Boutonniere Sets $1 00 Stud and Cuff Link Sets $1 00
For Finer and Higher Quality Meats Shop at City Meat and Poultry
Mixed groups of students, fac- , ulty members, and townspeople
the plate for Phi Kappa on a single , , . , , , ii, enjoying the evening
by Berto to give the PKs a one
run lead.
Phi Kappa Tau came to bat, with the first man up, Chester laying out a single, stealing third, and scoring on a wild pitch. Next man up, Osteiling, singled and came in with the winning run on a shoit roller by Newhouse. Box scores: ’ R H E ATO 000 00—0 1 4 TKE 010 5x—6 8 0
recreation from 8 p. m. until 9:30 p. m., Monday, Wednesday and Friday, during the hot summer months.
Women Scarce
So far this season the weaker sex has been in the minority in the gioup of approximately 100 pool fans appearing each night. Townspeople have turned out in large
numbers.
Interest of the University student in the evening mixed recieation fell
Gatewood and Schwisher; Hajzyk Y®^^ yeap, and of-
and Chun. R H E Phi Kappa 110 01—3 6 1 Phi K. Tau 100 12—4 7 2 Gallogly and A. Stippler; Hodapp and Newhouse.
ficials feel that cool nights have been responsible for the drop in attendance. It is expected that more will turn out, however, during the closing hot days of August before the pool is closed to mixed recreation at the end of the semester.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHER!^ and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
f-' ^ r'‘2. S ’IS„„*»;; ;^vi |M> ,c,,^ ... sP(!f'
'Pi^mie
%|& Qu^h AHd lllfe
|iO|t0tMir iAMOMlt returns to 1 a familiar setting—the pungle, iq her new starring picture, "Be^(«ih the'&we Horizon." Her new teaii^- man i? Richar Denning. The paramount film in Technicolor comes Saturay to the Mars Theatre'.
Battery^ Wins Close Order Orill
Library To Close Prof. F. R. EaslWOOd
Winning batteries of the close order drill competition held dhl'ing the week of June 30 were announced yestei^day and piedals were presented at the Corps Day revle'w. Battery C, 2'nd University Field, Al’tillei’y, Cadet Capt. W. II. Clauseh coihmanding; Cadet 1st Lts. R. A. Leighton, J. G. White, Jr., and W. E. Taylor, platoon comipanders, won the competition among the 32 batteries of the Corps. The officers and men of this battery will receive crack battery medals and merits. Second place was won by Battery D, 3rd PFA, Cadet Capt. C. S. Powell, commanding; and third place was won by Battery H, 2nd PFA, Cadet Capt. C. T. Nugent, commanding. The officers and men of these batteries will receive merits.
At 6 P. M. Saturdays jjgj go^R
Starting This Week
Prof. F. R. Eastwood, of the division of physical edueatOr for men,
U has seemed advisable to the collaborating with JiVilliam Ralph University authorities to close the LaPorte, professor of physical eduLibrai’y on Saturday evenings at gation at the University of Southern 6 p. m. beginning tomorrow. The ex- California, and Charles Henry perience of the past months has former coordinating superdejnonstrated that few students use yjg^j. health and physical educathis period for reading and study at Long Beach, California, has the LiJjx’ary. justpublished a manual for physical Even during the winter months education teachers, "Teaching Safethe Saturday evening attendance Education in Secondary Schools.” is 'always the lowest of the week. manual, the first text book There ai-e other evenings and some j^-g j^^d, is published by Prenticeday periods when the use of the The data and subject maLibrary drops almost to the vanish- ^gy.ja] presented are based on study ing point, but for the present no available books and courses of further reduction of hours is con- g|;u(jy dealing with accident preventemplated. tion and safety education. Every one would benefit if the Two studies conducted bj' staff library service could be concen- lyyembers of the University division trated in the hours when most stu- physical education for men are dents want it and curtailed when it referred to as source material in the is not in demand. Saturday evening publication. They are "A National closing is a contribution to this con- Survey of Six-Man Football In-
Notices
Reservists: All male students, who have not yet completed the two years basic military Training required for graduation and are now members of the Naval or Marine Corps Reserve, report to the Adjutant’s office, Purdue Armoiy, for important information relative to your status. —RIORDAN
All Science Seniors: All those who plan to graduate in August call at Den Enders’ office to fill out the necessary blanks. —ENDERS
SC A House Presidents: Copies of the n^inutes o,f the July 21 board meeting are available at the SCA box at the west desk in the Union. —MOGVERO
Interfraternity President’s Council: Keys are at the fiaternity affairs office. Come and get them. —SCHWAB
centration of effort.
Student Cars
(Continued from page 1) the majoi’ity of the student body lives within walking distance of the campus, 01 has public transportation facilities available. Action on the problem was taken after numerous complaints from various sources had been brought to the attention of Universtiy officials. They reported that the student operation of cars for personal
juries,” conducted by Sam Voinoff in 1941, and a “National Study of Incidence of Accidents in High School Wrestling,” conducted by Claude Reeck in 1939.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Here is a li'it of the actives: J. H. Aimstrong, R. T. Ball, D. D. Barta, L. L. Bonham, R. B. Boughan, W. K. Burnside. T. H. Curry, E. E. Deiser, R. W. Deuster, W. J, Frantz, D. A. Frost, D. O. Hennksen, A. W. Hubert, R. L. Jenkins. W. G. Koerner, R S Kolb, C. B. Leber, F. J. M-cDonald, D. W. Meier, H. M. Merrill, R. W. Orr, A. F. Piei, H. J. Reed. H. D. Shekels. W. L Schalhol. W. S. Shockency, R. E. Sprague, R. J. Taylor, H. R. Velkoff, R. J. Visin, R. A. vonBehren, W. C. Walker, H. M. Whippo, G. R. Wolter, J. T. Youftgblood. —YOUNGBLOOD
Former Band Members: The Band will purchase used Band unifornis at reasonable prices. See Cast or Ross at once for particulars. —ROSS
Poultry Session Closes After Three Day Course
ME Make Up Tests: Make up tests in courses ME 11, ME 65, and ME 66 will be given on Saturday, August H, at 1 p. m. in room 308 of the ME building. —AULT
Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Rules for pledge essay contest aie posted on bulletin board in Exponent office. Pledges please read and observe. Call me at 8444 for clarification of any details. Dinner meeting at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday, August 12, in Union, 75c. —ARMSTRONG
Sixth annual training school for
pleasure is a matter of growing re- selection and pullorum testing
agents sponsored by the State Poultry Association in cooperation with the University poultry department, came to a close yesterday ^fter three days of instruction lectures, demonstrations and laboratory
selection and
sentment on the part of many citi zens, especially legislators and draft board officials, during this time when conservation is of vital
importance.
Lingo Heads Committee
Members of the special committed practice in flock assigned to make the survey are pullorum control.
Professor J. L. Lingo, chairman; Yesterday afternoon’s sessions Assistant Dean of Women, Clare WGr® devoted to examinations, and Coolidge; Assistant Dean of Engi- approximately 75 of the students neering, W. A. Knapp; R. T. Hamil- enrolled in the school took tests over ton, Ralph Deuster, Joe Neff and the information received during the
John Amos
Sophomores; There will be a short discussion and an explanation of the Army Enlisted Reserve Corps and the Advanced Course ROTC on the main floor of the Armory at 1.00 p m., Saturday, August 8.
E. M. MAKEM, Capt. F. A.
Camera Club: No picnic as originally announced. Business meeting to outline ijext year’s program will be held Thursday, August 13, at 7 :30 p. m. No meeting this week. —TRUEBLQOD
POMM; Keys are now available at jewelry store. —HUNT
Cosmopolitan Club: Picnic will be held Saturday, August 8, at Ross Camp. Meet at Grant Street entrance of Union before 2:45. Make reservations with club officers. Transportation provided. —MILLER
school. Aftei- successfully completing the work and passing the tests the students will be awarded flock selecting or pullorum testing certificates or both. I Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of the
, , ^ poultry department, presided over weekly programs as Chevrolet, Gulf , , . , . ,
yesterday morning’s sessions; and
All Present and Former Playshop Members: Special meeting in Fowler Hall on Friday, August 7, at 4 p. m. to ^ake plans lor the cleanup progiam. —CARMICHAEL
Jan Peerce To Sing
(Continued'from page 1)
To meet the demands of such
Methodist Students: The Methodist Youth Conference at Battle Ground begins Friday night. Cars will leave the church at 4 or 5 p. m. Friday and noon Saturday. Bring your own bedding. Sign up at the Foundation right away. The cost is 75c. —BADGER
Oil, Chase and Sanborn, Lucky to- f
„ . Joe Sieer of the University poultry
Strike, the Ford Hour and Music
„ , . , , . staff presented a review of producHall of the air where he sings a selection. Scott Hinners, also different operatic role each week, ^ep^.,,t„Tent, reviewed
has developed a versatile
Westminster Foundation: The Sunday Evening Club will meet in the church lounge at 5:15 p. m. next Sunday, August 9th. There will be a picnic supper and games at the picnic giounds behind the .stadium. Everyone is invited to attend. —THOMA
Peerce has developed a vexsauue standard selection and Dr. Frank repertoire and can deliver anything ^horp, pathologist at the Regional from Cole Porter’s “Night and Day” Research Laboratory, East to Richard Wagner’s “Tristan and pansing, Michigan, discussed Pul-
Isolde. lorum Testing.
_ Since 1934, when he began work- g^c Colliver, of the State Poultry ing in Radio City, Peeice has sung Association, told of the poultry imin every majoi concert hall in the provement plan work being carried United States, fiom Carnegie Hall on in Ipdiana and pointed out to the to Hollywood Bowl. He has been gj.Qup that this state ranks high in soloist for Toscanini twice and has the amount of work being done. The
Chemistry Majors: In the school of Science finishing in August, 1942, should loport at my office, 422 Chem Building, at their earliest convenience. —DEGERING
Chinese Students: This month’.s regular meeting will be held on Sunday, Augu.st 9, at 4 p. m. at the residence of Mr and Mis. Dietrich, 2 N. Riverside Road, West Lafayette. Refreshments will be served as usual. —LIANG
taken the tenor part in Rachmaninoff’s “The Bells” three times. Admission to tonight’s performance will be by passport, season ticket or single admission ticket costing $1.10. The doois will open
at 6:45.
remainder of the forenoon was devoted to questions from the audience.
Sigma Delta Chi Actives and Pledges: Dinnci meeting Wednesday, August 12, at 6:30 p. m. in Union. Sign list on bulletin board in Exponent office or call me at 8444 before Monday, August 10, at 5 p. m if you will be there. Cost is 750, payable to Hadley at the meeting. —ARMSTRONG
Delta Upsilon
Phi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men:
Kappa 0^1 >o: David B. * * Smith, Glencoe, 111.; Melvin Guth- . . . social fraternity, announces rie, Winnetka, 111.; Charles Thornthe initiation of J. E. Dougherty, ley, Scottsburg; Wallace Ellifritt, Chicago, and E. J. Denari, Indian- Dayton, Ohio, and Allyn Crofts,
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted: Apply at Exponent Office or phone 3053. A.sk for Klouman.
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done C J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, LafayettO. Phone 2779.
apolis.
The following men have been pledged: Jack Murphy, Chieago; Dom Massimilian, Niagara Palls, N. Y.; Aft Stippler, EH^ansville; Tony Butkovitch, Chesterton, and Danny Heck, Gary.
Lockport, N. Y.
Money to Ipan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albeit’s Loan Office, 107 Coluinbia.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
iversity Book Store
Amy I, Bhye
AcroiB From Union Sammons *29 “Doc** Epple *40
DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert- Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
. . . head of the foods and nutrition deparlment in the School of Home Economics, left Wednesday for a two weeks’ visit with her brother, Norman Bloye, at Milwaukee.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
GOOD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES ..(More Style (or Lest Money Kane’s Print Shop
491 $. Z9»t St.
Phone $205
■» ♦ 4 ♦ » » 4 ♦ » 4 44-^ Hays Jewelry Co.
131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price W-f-f-f-H-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-M-f-f f-f 4-f
^ ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
ny gre p this
Do your phirt
today by
U. S. War
and Stamps!
(. (