"TTfnWifitBP^
^ / i.” T V ^ J -f / ‘ ^
*»4 f /
1
EDITORIAL Notes Effect Of Army Call
' ' ' ' V'./', /.i'" ^ <■' ' .Cvi-r'^^^f / ' 1 4<; >,tJ?fe
TRACKMEN M^et Spartans In First And Last Meet
Established 1889
It Won’t Be Long Now
time 55, No. 123
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 16,
DeCamp Is Prexy 1,0(^Jo,'^wfL ^a^isiJi,3<i2Mu)id. EE Student To Rule Class -||. p T”^ VUkkr D * ^ Children To Participate In Music Convocation Activities For Next Five Years RCSIQHS WML rOSt tomorrow Night At 8:15 In Music Hall; Doors Open At 7:30
Notice
AWS Judicial Board announces 12:00 a. m. hours for Monday,
April 19.
To Resume Presidency McNutt Expresses Regret And Praises Elliott's Work As War Manpower Chief President E. C. Elliott returned to the campus Suhday after resigning from his post as chief of the division of professional and technical training of the War Manpower Commission. In a letter accepting Dr. Elliott’s resignation, Paul V. McNutt, chairman of WMC, commented on his work on the board since last June. The letter as re-
leased in Washington recently
follows: (
“I want to tell you with regret that I learn that you find it necessary to return to Purdue University to resume actively your duties in that institution.
Praises Work
“You have done an outstanding piece of work for the War Manpower Commission in developing our program for the utilization of col-
Becky Ann Pervin was accorded top honors at the Stage, leges and universities and in co-
fiVe years Imnce. He will attend the Stump and Studio banquet held last night in Fowler Hall, as operating with the Armed Seiwices
the announcer of WBAA making the greatest contribution in developing a program m these mduring four years of work and as the most versatile staff mem- 5°^ specialized training. , 1 -1 1 1 i. 1 .L • .L- The task has been a big one and ber. She also received an award for best characterization of ^as required great tact and wisdom. a major role awarded by Play shop. I shall always be grateful to you for Other awards announced at the banquet by Gibbs Williams, yonr assistance and counsel dm’ing
John R. DeCamp, graduating Electrical Engineer, has been cLosen president of the class of April, 1943, according to an ahhouncement by Norman Augsburger of the Commencement
Cofntnittee.
• , DeCamp became a member of the announcing staff of WBAA at the beginning of his sophomore year, and began sports announcing during the latter half
of that year. Following this he Wai^ appointed head sports announcer and has done general announcing and newscasting
since them.
Duties of the president begin
with his graduation and include those as secretary for the first five years, in which capacity he will keep in touch with members of the class. This information is turned over to the Alumni office so that the University may keep up with their
graduates. '' In Charge Of Class Reunion DeCamp will have charge of the
class column in the Purdue Alumnus and will make arrangements for the first class reunion to be held
Climaxing this semester’s Convocation for Worship series will be a Festival of Easter music tomorrow night at 8:15 in the Music Hall by the combined groups of the University Musical Organizations and high school singers. Participating will be a total of 1,000, a grade school choir of 600 children, an adult Choir of 300 voices, and a 100 piece orchestra composed of Jefferson, West Lafayette High School L—L and University students.
Receives
Dramatic Honors WBAA, Playsbop Announce Awards At Stage, Stump, Studio Banquet
pkCity as President
Members of the Commencement
Committee naming DeCamp to the po&t are Paul Miller, Norman Augsbubger. Will Hiller, Dale Butz, John
Wiske, Dorothy Comthwaite. Entered University In 1938 DeCamp has been at the Univer-
sity since 1938, at which time he ortly attended for eight weeks, but due to illness he did not return till the following fall when he reentered as a freshman. Besides his achievements as a sports announcer at WBAA he is a member of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers, Purdue Indepenedt Association, Reamers and Iron Key. He intends to enter sales engineering or pei’sonnel work upon grad-
uation.
faculty director of WBAA, were to Tom McCrum and Chris Schenkle who most nearly fulfilled the requirements of a good announcer; to Stu Wolfe, for loyalty and hard work on behalf of the station; to
the formative stages of these pro-
grams.
Continue To Advise “I hope that in spite of the heavy
and Leland Pishback winner of the Service award for work in the tech-
nical field.
Howard Eckert, for doing the most Theta Alpha Phi Presents Play
for work on carpentry and lighting. On the Playshop business staff Richard DeLong was named winner
of the business management award duties which will resume at the Uni-
versity that you will still find it possible to give us such advice and help as possible. Since you are thoroughly familiar with the activities
uaiion.-h
WBAA
to uphold and build technical radio dramatic standards as a graduate; and to Art Barab, John Clark, Carolyn Wood, Tom McCrum, and Becky Ann Pervine for the best radio dramatics performances dur-
ing the year.
Purdue Players Awards
Speakers at the banquet were Dean of Women Clare Coolidge and Dean of Men Fred Goldsmith. En-
of the Commission which have been under your supervision, your aid here will be of the greatest value.”
tertainment in the form of a play To Continue Some Work
Program ORCHESTRA—“Intermezzo” (Cavalleria Rusticana)—Mascagni. Joseph M. Regains, Director INVOCATION—(Audience Standing)—Rev. Reese F. Thornton. CHORAL RESPONSE—“Sevenfold Amen”—Stainer. CHILDREN’S CHOIR—Mrs. Marshall Howenstein, Director. “Eventide”—Polish Folk Song “He Is Risen”—Traditional 1676 ADULT CHOIR—Prof. J. T. Gunn, Director. Representing Paul Tincher Smith Memorial Choir. “The Agony”— (Crucifixion) —Stainer “God So Loved the World”—(Crucifixion)—Stainer COMBINED CHOIRS—Albert P. Stewart, Director. “Praise Be Ever Thine” (Finlandia)—Sibelius “Ave Maria”—Bach-Gounod “Lovely Appear” (Redemption)—Gounod REMARKS—Dr. Edward C. Elliott, President of Purdue University. ORCHESTRA—“Largo” (New World Symphony)—^Dvorak. , Marshall Howenstein, Director “Fantasia”—Mozart J. Clyde Lucas, Director CHILDREN’S CHOIR—Miss Julia Sheehan, Director. “Praise Thy Holy Name”—^Humperdinck “Praise We the Lord”—Hortniansky ADULT CHOIR—William E. Morgan, Director. “Beautiful Savior” (Crusaders’ Pymn)—^Arr. Christianson COMBINED CHOIRS AND ORCHESTRA “Sanctus” (St. Cecilia Mass)—Gounod Miss Sheehan, Director “The Omnipotence”—Shubert Mr. Stewart, Director BENEDICTION—(The Audience Standing)—Rev. Eugene R. Dalsley. CHORAL RESPONSEL-“Threefold Amen”.
Eddie Mack To Play For PIA Dance Tonight
was presented by Theta Alpha Phi, national dramatic honorary. No major awards were made for
Dr. Elliott will continue to represent WMC as chairman of the joint committee for the selection of non-
Forensics this year, however a federal educational institutions
To Give Program On Flight Classes WBAA, University radio station, will broadcast a program from 12:16-12:45 Saturday noon describing the activities of the Flight instructors school being held at the University airpoi-t. Feature of the occasion will be a two-way talk between an insti’uctor and his pupil broadcast as part of the program. John Franks, Civilian in Charge of Flight Instruction at the school will pilot the plane wjnle Lt. H. G. Vetter will be officer in charge of the operations. Object of the broadcast is to acquaint students with the workings and functions of the school operating at the airport and to describe the type of happenings encountered in this work. Participating in the bioadcast will be staff officers, civilian instructors and students of the school, and announcing will be Chris Schenkle and Stew Wolfe, WBAA announcers. Interviews with the various civilian instructors and officials at the airport will be included in the program and also songs by members of the Glee Club led by Ensign John Anz. Two way communication carried on in this work for the purpose of instruction will be demonstrated in the talk between Franks and the officers on the ground while he is in a training plane in flight. MAURY MAHN Will PlAY FOR lAST MIXER SATURDAY The last mixer of the semester will be held in the North ballroom of the Union tomorrow night from 8:30 to 11:30. The usual price of $1.10 will be charged. Maury Malm and his orchestia will piovide the
music.
This Mixei will conclude a season of varied entertainment. The outstanding pro;irams have been the Hit Parade, (jabaret, and the dance honoiing the Air Corps Reseive-S.
Purdue Players Awards this se- number of awards of special merit which the Army and Navy may
niester announced by H. Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop, were to Becky Pervine for best characterization in a major role as Janet m “The Eve of St. Mark” and as Martha in “Arsenic and Old Lace”; to Art Barab for the best characterization in a minor role for his portrayal of Private Mulveroy in “Eve of St. Mark” and Officer O’Hara in “Aiesenic and Old Lace.” John Patterson for his chai'acterization of Professor Einstein in “Arsenic and Old Lace” received the Creative Achievement Award. Jack Newman and Carroll Martindell received joint mention as winners of the Technical Achievement Bluejackets, Friends Attend Graduation In Music Hall Outsfanding Sailors Are Given Awards Opening with the advancement of the colors, the graduation of the eighth company of Electrician’s Mates, Third Class, was held last night at 7:00 in the Music Hall. After the graduating class of 164 men took their seats in the front center section, Yeoman Henk led those in attendance m the singing of the National Anthem. Friends Present Nine hundred and thirty men in the Naval Training School and 300 townspeople and friends of the sailors were present when Lt. F. Noceia, company commander of the graduating class, gave a short introduction. He 111 turn introduced Lt. Olaf Johnson, who acted in behalf of Commander Bartley who was unable to attend because of ill-
ness.
Lt. Johnson read a few woids prepared by Commander Baitley in which he commended the men m this class for being one of the most outstanding classes and encouraged them to keep up the woik when they saw their first active duty.
Woodward Awards
Ensign E. G. Woodward, foimer commanding officer of the Eighth
for Varsity Forensic Competition utilize in the conduct of their spewere made to James Bray, Jeanne cialized training programs. He will Fountaine, Bette Gustafson, Kath- spend most of his time on the camerine Howes, Timothy Tilton, and pus now, making only occasional
George Zissis. trips to Washington.
Netherland Plaza in Cincinnati to
the campus. Last year his band re- Washington
ceived the Music Magazine award Jacklin as the University accom-
for the most improved organization panist. of the year. He is now recognized as
Remember
Commiflee Decrees Semi-Formal Ball Tonight at 8:30 in both Un-
ion ballrooms Eddie Mack will
open the last PIA dance of the one of the ranking bands in the Mid-
semester. Cancelling all previ- West.
ous announcements, the dress Backdrop
The backdrop will show a typical
for the occasion will be option- scene of the times. It shows a figure al, both formal or semi-formal swiftly moving from Heavilon Hall being in order. Tickets are to the barracks of Company B. $1.10 per couple, and members advance sale of
tickets and they will be on sale at
the door.
The entire stage and orchestra pit will be filled with the various musical organizations, while sections will be reserved for those attending the Founder’s Day celebration and dinner before the convo. Doors will open at
7:30.
“Intermezzo” by Orchestra The orchestra wrill open the program with “Intermezao” from Cavalleria Rusticana, followed by the Invocation by Rev. Reese P. Thornton. The children’s choir, adnlt choir and combined choirs will then render seven numbers including “He Is Risen”, “'The Agony^’ and “Ave Maria”. \ Elliott Will Speak Following these numbers. Dr. Elliott, again acting as President of the University, will make a few temarks. After his talk the orchestra will play “Largo” from the New World Symphony and “Fantasia”
by Mozart.
The children’s and adult choirs will then sing three more numbers, after which the combined choirs and orchestra will render’ “Sanctum” from the St. Cecilia Mas sand “The^ Omnipotence” by Shubert. The Benediction will then be pronounced by Rev. E. R. Balsley, followed by a choral response in the form of the “Threefold Amen”,
Numerous Soloists
Soloists for the evening will ,be Trent Knepper, baritone; Mrs. A. P. Stewart, soprano, and Carolyn Wood, contralto. The accompanists will be Bernice Baugh of Linwood School, Mrs. Josephine Ulip of
School, and Arthtfr
will be admitted upon the presentation of their passports and mem-
bership cards.
Eddie Mack To Play Eddie Mack and his orchestra come from Terre Haute, having played at the Edgewater Beach Hotel, the Panther Room and the Edison and Rainbow Rooms. He will play a mixture of sweet and swing music, after coming from the Hotel
Campus Visitors Reamers, Gimlets and Gold Peppers will act in the capacity of campus guides tomorrow morning and afternoon to visitors to the campus. Students wishing their services may get in touch with them in the Union Saturday.
No Penalty Days Students are expected to attend all classes on Monday and Tues-
day, April 19 and 20. However,
many will be involved in Army and Navy examinations of one
sort or another, some who live on farms will be expected to help with the spring planting, othei^ will be observing religious holi-
days. Since there are no PENALTY DAYS this term and the Dean of Men’s office is not involved with the granting of excuses, absences from classes daring the remainder of the term must be arranged between the
student and the instructor in-
volved. —GOLDSMITH
A Jack-Of-All-Trades
Ted Noss Writes Of Hawaii
. . . the Founders Day Banquet to be held tomorrow evening at 6 p. m. in the North Ballroom of the Union. President Elliott will speak.
entation of the awai'd to the most deserving student. ^ He first explained that all Navy grading was done on a possible 4.0 grading basis and that 2.6 is necessary to maintain a passing record, and also the highest possible score that a man might make in his 16 weeks at the University is 3000 points.' He then presented the awai'd of Most Outstanding Student to C. W. Cox, who had a 3.9 average and had amassed a total of 2914 points
Rhodes was also commended for aggregating 2888 points. Awards Student Chief Breed presented the award of the Most Deserving Student to Kenneth Merten. It was pointed out that this award was not one of scholarship, but was presented to the man who had overcome the greatest difficulties in attending the school. The man to whom this award is presented is chosen by his
shipmates.
Mothers Knit Sweaters Following the presentation of the
as the highest man ever to go
through the school since its inati- awards, men who had also been
Company followed with the pres- tution. The second man, Everett (See BLUEJACKETS, page 4)
By Barbara Jean Gregory In May, 1942, Dr. Ted Noss left the Speech Clinic of the University to serve his country at Pearl Harbor. Dr. Noss was probably appointed in such a short time to this position because of his knowledge of the Japanese language. His parents were American missionaries in Japan, and he was born and reared in the Japanese Islands. Recently Dr. Noss wrote back to his friends telling them of his work in Hawaii. He has no definite job, and it seems to vary as dd the days. Varied Duties When he first arrived in Hawaii, his tasks were not fixed, and Dr. Nogs did not even have a desk at which to work. He spent part of his time wandering about in the shipyard developing a familiarity with the country and the people. Since that time, he has not had much time to get acquainted with his new home and friends in an informal way, as his work has been long and hard. For a while, he spent his time in recruiting the wives and fiancees from the mainland for work and service. He helped in the transportation problems, and made a survey of the 14th District’s libiuiry activities. Initiated Welfare Fund Next was his work in the Welfare
Fund of the Navy Yard. Dr. Noss started, administered, and developed the policies for the fund. Since then, he has been connected with morale work among the men. His biggest task was in relaxation for the men; therefore, he started a chain of noon shows, with bands, loud speakers, and performers. Often the men did not even come off the ships; then it was Di-. Noss’ problem to talk to the men and cheer them as much as possible, and help the officei's. Some of the men needed to be fed; therefore, the next undertaking was that of the mobile cafeterias. This was a real problem as the island facilities in wartime are not very adequate. Sometimes as many as 50,000 paper plates had to be oftained from nowhere, or 300 loaves of bread were needed immediately, to be found, purchased and delivered sometime between the hours of two and four a. m. The first month the unit made almost $10,000, with practically no spoilage or losses. Encourages Religion One of the programs he has stai'ted, and in which he is the most interested, is some system of organized religion. The men were hungry for religion, as they worked
seven days a “week and there was no time for chiu-ch services. On Sunday for a half hour during the free lunch hour, a church service is now being held underneath the palms for the men. The workers come dressed just as they are for their daily work to the center of the yard. A piano is borrowed from the shops and fems are brought in from the nursery. A choir, which is usually composed of Hawaiians comes in from Honolulu, and the 14th District Chaplain, a Navy Captain, presides over the service. The men are as reapect^l as they would be in any church, and when the chaplain leads in prayW, there is but a single motion of forward bowing of heads. Works Endlessly Dr. Noss has not had a day off from his work since the day after New Year’s, but he does not seem to have lost any of his morale vi^hich is so precious to the men under hM. Quoting from his letter, he writes, “Morale, as I see it, is not the building up of hatred of a common enemy, but is the imaginative IWO of evei'yday tasks to symboHae lie importance of each man in the^puip* pose of us all. I like to have theiaala tell me I respect them, for I d0»**^f
2
Purdue Exponent
v' ' '
Friday, April 16, 1943
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Pkone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Itonorarr Editor Honorary Editor Honotory Business MnnaKcr With the Colors
William G. Hoskins Dale E. Buts Gerhard H. Klouman
- Editor Bnstness Manager -Nova Editor Managing Editor Advertising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor
Robert W. Boswinkic James G. Petty Sally Beall Donald E. Brewer A. Jane Kcim Joseph S. Dawson Jean I>auer
P^iblication Staff Editorial Staff
Associate Editors: H B. Abbott, C C. Martindoll, E. T. Mur- • phy, W. H. Tyson, W, L, Vermihon, C. J, Wilbur, Coed Staff: Ruth Ford, Madehn Grotnes, Katherine Howes, Sports Staff: R, M, Lipcs, R, F. Smith, C. E, Sowiiids, S, A, ■Watson.
%, Business Sf-aH &si8taiit Advertising: Manager: C. L. Gaunt. Ijiayo\|t IMpector: J. B. Tabb. CiiM^tilation Manager: R. G. Sauerman. Accounts Manager: Marj’ Dills.
fi^ltor>Sn*Chtef .
The Purdue Independent
. Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: MartindcU Issue Editor: Goodenough Day Editor: Riggs Sports Editor: Sowards Reporters: Dominik, Helffrich, Gregory, Abbett, Lumpkins, Obfer, Lipeb.
Entered as second class matler at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. jrublished on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornihgs durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a aexnester or $3.00 for two semesters , by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semesters R^resented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Army Leaves Its Mark . . .
Ssihvic&. SiMpsA,
Ensign C. A. Micheli
. . . Calumet City, 111., received hm commibsion m the United States Naval Reserve at the Naval Air Traininif Center March 31. Ensign Micheli volunteered for flight training last June and received preliminary flight instruction at the Glenview, 111,, Naval Air Station.
The adjoining town houses of President Roosevelt and his mother, the late Sara Delano Roosevelt, have been purchased by a committee of citizens for use as a community house by Iluiitor college students.
An unpublished manuscrijit of Lord Byron, in which he prc-.sents his impressions of Bladame do Stael, has been presented to the University of Texas library.
The University of Missouii \sas located m Boone county because that county olfered the largest cash inducement in 1839.
Elmer Davis, head of the office of war infoimation, was graduated from Franklin college in 1910.
Only four men have been twice elected captain of University of Wisconsin football teams.
qie mSHM^TOK * Tm R«9 u S P*t Ort MERRY-GO-ROUND
By DREW PEARSON
Davis Sees Pay-Go Taxation As An Anti-Inflation Measure; Magazine Scoops The Navy
With today’s edition of the Exponent, yesterday’s editor, Dale Butz, and yesterday’s business manager, Gary Klouman, have their names added to the “honorary seniors -with the colors” list at the top of this column. The men’s names join the name of Bill Hoskihs, now down in Tennessee trying hard to become an Army Air Corps Cadet. No longer will the masthead carry the names of service bound associate editors Vegh, Richardson, Tilton and Smith; sportsmen Ackerman and Shryer; assistant advertising manager, Filpi; and circulation manager Kroeplin. A host of trained sophomore and freshman workers will be leaving Purdue Tuesday to don uniforms in the near future and no longer will their name sappear in the reporters list in the flag. Dale Butz will be around for several weeks yet'and his editorial fingers will still be itching to express themselves on a typewriter now and then; so we won’t say goodbye to him yet. But to the others we will say goodbye, and that we are sorry and proud at the same time to have you leave. With all the enthusiasm of college freshmen, however, are left those who will produce the summer term edition, Colleagued with us in the game of getting out the news is the new business manager, Jim Petty; new news editor, Sally Beall; new managing editor, Don Brewer, and new advertising manager, Jane Keim, besides the remaining seniors and the new and remaining juniors. Ever .since we started planning what we were going to say in this editorial about three years ago there was a remark we wanted to include which would show that we were reactionary to new officers who, burning with ambition to conquer the world, make sweeping statements concerning the changes they will make in the days to come. Now that the time has come for us to do the editorial we find that we can’t satisfy our reactionary tendencies and we’ll have to say that we don’t know just exactly what changes the staff will make willfully or under force in this summer’s Exponent. The increasing numbers of service men in the University, the decline in advertising, the loss of members of the staff and the decreased student body are all likely to make changes in the Exponent. This summei^’s future of the paper is known only in as much as we know it will have one.—r.w.b.
The President grinned to Albert Goss, Master of the National Grange who hails fz’om Washington, the biggest apple-produMiig state in the country: “I’d stack my apples up against those you produce in Washington any day.” “You’re getting out of your class, Mr. President,” smiled Goss. “Have you ever eaten a Delicious?” “You win, Albert,” chuckled the President, “but the point I am trying to make is this—little farmers like myself, and the same goes for all other fai’mers who don’t have the advantage of cooperatives, have encountered a lot of difficulty marketing their crops and getting their money since the war began because of the transportation problem and other factors.” “Don’t you think the government should step in and buy up apples and other products that have been running into distribution troubles and store them in the warehouses?” the President asked Goss. “It would take a lot OiT the market and help many little farmers who are hard up for cash.” » Helping LiS'fle Farmer “I don’t agree with you, Mr. President,” replied Goss. “I think the way to protect the little farmer 'is by continuing the Africulture Department “support price’ program. Farmers can get along if they are assured that they can get fair prices and a decent break on prioiities for machinery to produce their crops. I don’t think the government should buy up and sell farm pioducts when there is no necessity for it.” The President meditated for a moment and replied: “I guess you’re right at that.” The meeting also thrashed out the question of pi ice ceilings, Ed O’Neal of the Farm Bureau and Albert Goss of the Grange contending that if rationing were tight enough it wouldn’t be necessary to have price ceilings, that rationing would automatically take care of prices. Justice -Byrnes, Chester Davis and Jim Patton of the P’armers Union argued to tlie contraiy. The President decided ivith them. His order shortly thereafter putting price ceiling on almost everything was the chief result of the meeting. • Stale Navy News It looks as if the Navy was up to its old trick of releasing stale information months late, but jazzed up to make it look as if the battle had just occurred. PMr instance on March 13 many newspapers featured a Navy announcement “U. S. SUB SINKS JAP WARSHIP IN WILD BATTLE.” Then followed an account which,,although no date was given, looked as if the battle had taken place just a few days before. Among other things, it listed Herbert A. Calcaterra as killed. Hoivever, if anyone took the trouble to look up the American Magazine for March, he would have found the same story written by Lt. Slade Cutter, former Navy football star, in which he tells about a fight between a U. S. sub and a Jap w'arsliip, listing the same Calcaterra as killed. The impression given by the Navy’s release was that something new w'as being announced. Yet the March American Magazine appears on the newsstands in P’ebruaiy and goes to press aiound late December. So the battle, announced by the Navy in March must have taken place around November at the latest. • Merry-Go-Round Ainba.ssador John G. Winant has provided an apartment in Loudon for six American soldiers wounded in action with the British Eighth Army in Egypt. Three are Harvard men, three Irom Dartmouth. The six graduated as the top six in a British officers training school before going to Egypt with the British Sixtieth Regiment. This is the famous regiment which in Revolutionary times was w ithdrawn from action in America because it was too friendly to the colonial cause. . . . State Department Adviser Wallace Murray is one of the career men who gripes at the Communist menace trom Soviet successes. (Copyright, 1943, by United b’eatuie Syndicate, Inc.)
(In, JhsL
POUNDS OF PREVENTION
WASHINGTON—Although food was supposed to be the chief iopic of discussion at the recent White House conference with farm leaders, actually Food Czar Chester Davis did hiS best to sell the President on pay-as-you-go taxation. He proposed it as an antiinflation measure to drain off surplus income and ease the work of income tak payment on the average citizen. “We have simply got to come to it, Mr. President,” argued the food chief. “It was unfortunate that pay-as-you-go taxes 'ivere given a black eye by the Ruml plan. But pay-as-you-go taxes should go hand in hand with rationing to prevent overspending.” The President didn’t commit himself definitely, but indicated that he would favor a pay-go plan if windfalls to the wealthy, as provided for in the Ruml plan, were completely eliminated. Ed O’Neal, President of the Farm Bureau Federation and Ezra T. Benson, Executive Secretary of the National Council of Farmer Cooperatives, also took up the cudgels, O’Neal contending that taxpayers wouldn’t be able to meet next year’s assessments unless the pay-as-you-go plan or forced saving were adopted. • GOP Watching Chances
Coeds living in Robertson Hall at the Universil yof Oklahoma have taken “Bend down sister if you want to keep young” as a theme song for their present reducing campaign. The class consisting of 60 girls has been bending for the past six weeks in order to emerge from the ordeal inches slimmer, pounds lighter, ready to face the shorts and bathing suits of the approaching summer session. — The Oklahoma Daily.
FISH STORY
“I’ve made a poll of taxicab drivers and they are all for it,” said O’Neal. “The great majority of the American people feel the same way. They are against windfalls but they feel they won’t have enough money to pay thir income tax payment next year. If the Administration doesn’t take some action on this, the Repiublicans will steal the ball from you.” “That’s right, Mr. President,” chimed in Benson. “The farmers in my organization are ovemvhelraingly for a pay-as-you-go tax program. I think labor is, too.” “Maybe you’re right,” responded the President. “Chester (to Davis), 1 suggest that you talk this over with Congressional leaders.” The conversation then turned to farm distribution and the President drew on his own experience as a farmer to illustrate the difficulty “little farmers” are having getting their crops to market. “I used to raise 100 barrels of apples every year on my Dutchess County farm in New York,” the President said. “I also raise some apples on my land in Georgia.” • Apple Competition
A night Fish class, the only class of its kind in the United States, according to Dr. Samuel Eddy, associate professor of zoology at the University of Minnesota, is being conducted by the extension division in zoology. One and one-half hours of lecture by Dr. Eddy and another like period devoted to questions are included in the class. Minnesota pi’Omotes fishing in wartime to help the good rationing, maybe?—The Minnesota Daily.
THE SUN STILL SHINES At the University of Texas people are worrying about suntans already, so much so that a few of th6 University’s spring sunbathers are suffering the effects of too much sunning. Several severe cases have been treated at the health service and cautions were issued against trying to get all the sun in one afternoon. And we freeze!—The Daily Texan.
you
JOKE First Moron: “How did puncture that tire?” Second Moron: “Ran over a milk bottle.” First Moron: “What’s the matter, didn’t you see it?” Second Morouo: “No, the kid had it under his coat.”—The Missouri Miner.
ODOR DESTRUCTION Discovery of a chemical compouml that will destroy any offensive odor known to man or bea.st is claimed by three industrial chemists. De:.ignatcd at OD-,!0 it has been successful in killins’ the odors of stench bombs, skunks, cooking' cabbage, fi,sh, and butch sho])#, dog' pounds and public lost looms. Oxidation IS said to be at the bottom ol it —'1 he Daily Tar Heel.
SPRING .YN'D SUNBURN! The advent of spring can' be inaiked by the sunbuined noses, cotton founuls, colorful playsuits, and the general migration toward the golf course at the University of
TODAY and TOMORROW
yis WHOFPINS A STOW AS YOU'RE EVER UKElYYOSEfr
Jiist Looking 'MbuHcl
By Jack Abkett and Jim Richardson
University. Presbyterian Church John W. Findley, minister Wm. Morgan, choir director Nancy Young, oi-ganist '9:30 a. m. Sunday School. Dr. G. H. Graves’ class will continue its study lof the Book of the Revelation.
Winston Churchill recently made,the proposal that Europe be jointly controlled by England and Russia. This suggestion was immediately voted down by President Roosevelt. The President evidently seems to have some idealistic plan that would leave Europe “free from aggression” for more than twenty years, but what ever the President’s plan might be, - "" ' it hardly seems more realistic
10:30 a. m. Morning Worship. Since this Sunday is Palm Sunday, the sei'inon, “Compassion,” is based on an incident of the Triumphal Entry. All students, cadettes, and service men are urged to come and unite together < in worship on this last Sunday of the term. 6:00 p. m. Sunday Evening Club. This will be the last meeting of the club this semester.
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Chauncey and Columbia Reverend J. B. Gleason, minister 9:30 a. m. Roger Williams Foundation class hour. Mrs. J. B. Gleason, teacher. 10:46 a. m. Morjiing church worship. The pastor’s sermon, “The Conquering Christ.” The junior and senior choirs under the direction of Ivah Gruver Price will sing special Palm Sunday music. 6:00 p. m. Roger Williams Foundation will meet at the church for a hike to Professor James R. Wiley’s. Please notice the change in time. This will be the final supper and meeting of the semester. The meeting will be outdoors if weather permits. Othei'wise, it will be held in the church. The senioi's are iii charge of this with Alberta Artman as chaii'inan. '
than the plan Churchill proposed. If England was.willing to forget their traditional policy of “peace”, there could hardly be .a better plan, for with a giant Russian army on one side and the equally large British navy on the other, no country in
Dear Sir: Europe (Germany) would be willI am leaving for Brazil. For me ing to start any trouble. This all it is very hard to say goodbye to hinges, of course, on the willingness anyone in America, but it is par- of Russia to cooperate in maintainticularly hard to say goodbye toeing the status quo in a post .war Purdue and all its students„faculty Europe and England’s willingness,
and staff, of whom I will keep an
Sbuth American Gives Farewell To University
unforgettable and most pleasant impression. I should really appi'eciate having you to express to all of them, not only my cordial thanks for their kind hospitality but also my best wkihes for their most complete success in life. I am glad to offer you any assistance of which I might be capable in Brazil. Sincerely, Ubaldino De Moracs, Jr. Caixa Economica Rua 13 De Maio 33 Rio De Janeiro, Brazil
Personnel Notes
PLANE SPOTTERS NOW Torch and Shield, honorary society of the University of California are recruiting coeds to work on the aircraft warning service of the U. S. Army Air Forces. A mass meeting was held and shifts were arranged to alleviate the shortage in San Francisco. Ti'ansportation was furnished from the center of activity after the coeds’ work was through.—The Daily Californian.
FIRST AID FOR THE MASSES A near riot was caused recently at the University of Oklahoma when various persons were seen lying around the campus, as if they had been hit by nothing smaller than a freight train. It turned out that they were “victims” for the first aid classes which are demonstrating their skill on a final exam. —The Oklahoma Daily.
Wesley Foundation Corner State & Sheetz Sts. 9:30 a. m. Student Church School. A. P. Stewart, Director of Purdue Musical Organizations will lead the special Easter Service. There will be no classes this Sunday but the entire period will'be given over to Mr. Stewart. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship Service at the church. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will speak on the theme: “The 'Victory OLThe Cross.” Special pre-Easter music will be furnished by the choir. 5:16 p. m. University of Christian Living— 5:16—Fellowship Supper, 20c. 6:26—“Univei'sity Classes.” 7:30—Candlelight Communion,
Companies scheduled to visit the
campus:
Esso Laboratories, Baton Rouge, Louisiana—April 19. Interested in organic chemists. Union Oil Company of Californio, Los Angeles, Calif.—Interested in
Jim Farley, former friend of F. D. R. and formerly head ofjthe Democratic National Committee, has lost another round in his two year old fight with the President when he was quietly removed from his post on the New York State Democratic committee. Farley hasn’t had much to say about his last defeat except that he is doing his best to get the job back (and continue to knock the props out from under the President). If these two men continue to carry on their fight, they are sure to cause a split in the Democratic party come next election time. The best thing for Mr. Roosevt'lt to do would be to forget “the feud” momentarily and protect his party; otherwise he is liable to see all his hopes.^of a Democratic presidential victory in
1911 go up the chimney.
An interesting' sidelight on the famous message that the besieged Marines on Wake Island set out to the woild, i. e., “send us more
Ph.D., Ch.E., B.S., Ch.E., M.E. and Japs,” was recently reported in a E.E. Sign in Personnel Office imme- book written by Clark Lee, famous
diately.
Christian Foundation Saturday afternoon till Sunday morning, 7:30 — Spring Retreat! Leave from 131 S. Grant at 1:00. Make sure of reservation for food and transportation by calling Don Aper, 2876; Dona Irion, 71261; or Hubert Reynolds, 4393. Warning: Bring plenty of blankets. Sunday morning, in Lafayette Church Building, 6th & North Sts.: 9:30—Student Class. “Big Robbie” will speak on the subject, “The World, The Individual, and the Post-war Problems.” Be sure to hear this, as it completes our theme for the last two terms, “Build Today For A Christian World.” 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon entitled, “Fixed Points.” This is Palm Sunday. Sunday evening, at 131 S. Grant: 5:16—Fellowship Supper. 5:45 — Singing and recreation, followed by discussion on “Higher Education .4.fter the Wai.” Candlelight worship closing promptly at 7:30.
Summer work for undergraduates ill Forest Conservation Service, North American Rockies. See Professor E. R. Martcll for further details. Robbins & Myers, Inc., Springfield, Ohio—Intciesled in E.E., M.E. not eligible for military service. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20. Woodward Governor Co., Rockford, 111.—Interested in M.E., E.E. students vho have completed throe years of engineeiing training. Sign
A.P. correspondent. The whole statement that was sent out from Wake, according to Lee, was, besides the “send us more Japs,” a fervant plea for aid or help of some sort. These valiant Marines didn’t get the help they asked for but they did get the Japs. The Pacific Fleet had started to scud a relief force to Wake Island; but it was withdrawn after it had gotten over twothirds of the way there. What was the matter with this “brave” task force, is a question that should be
asked by every American.
in the Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20. Tennessee Valley Authority, Knoxville, Tenn.—Interested in college .graduates with various degrees (see notice). Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, Api il 20, 1943. National Union Radio Corporation, Nowaik, N. J.—Inteiested in E.E., Physicists. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, April 20.
Marge Libbert
... IS now directing the Activities Bureau with Judy Jones as Executive. Bill Snow, who wa.s iccently elected Director, is leaving for the Army and will he unable to carry on his job.
Oklahoma. Also the pins are flying thick and fast. Spring in the dust bowl evidently .means that the .sun comes out while iii moie northern institutions of higher learning spiing .seems to mean only that it snow less oltun.—The Oklahoma Dailj Student.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD RISK — DENTISTS —
400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone 5701
LUIIA
TODAY - TOMORROW
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY 5^ R's Yankee Brains,.. Nazi Cunning 1
V
as Ellery Oueen as Nikki Porisr
INEMVilllEnS MIETilllSVPiiN
with Charley Grapewin
— and —
DON “RED” BARRY
‘STAGE COACH EX!»KESS’ ALSO
mmiRMMOFHiTS:!
THE PLAYERS INCLUDE JOHN OARFIELD OIG YOUNG • HARRY CAREY • GEO TOBIAS ARTHUR KENNEDY; JAS. BROWN • JOHN
RIDGELY-SCREENPLAY pUpCEY.NIQHOLS
ALSO — LATEST PATHE NEWS
5 DAYS Starf-ing Tomorrow
Dynaniite witli blvndesl
HELEN WALKER Mabel Paige 'Sheldon Leonard Marie McDonald - LAST TJMES TODAY - TTTT
PIEHSI
r'
' )Friday, April 16, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Pa0!^B
OUtfDd(0^ tRACK TEAM
MEETS
MICHIGAN STATE
INTRODUCING LON ^MikNN
HEAD
BOILERMAKER TRAINER
s’ Track Men Spartans Tomorrow
Boilermaker Track MecA To Be First, Last Of Term
1, ^ < '
The
Sfio/dA,
(VjCWJL
By Joe Dawson
Play Progresses lir Intrafraternity Baseball Contest
Aloef M^nn, Trainer O f All Riveter Teams
By Pvt. Jim Ackerman
Tomorrow the Boilermaker outdoor track team opens the
^ Ward Lambert Scholarship Trophy When the Ward Lambeit Scholarship Trophy was awarded to A1 Menke about throe weeks ago at the conclusion of the basketball season, very little was said about it in the Exponent. . . . Even today there are probably still many Boilermaker sports fans who know little or nothing about this newest and most practical of all Eivetei sports awards. Therefore, with due apologies to Lambert and Menke for our slipup in not bringing the complete story, we would likeito elaboiate a little on the background of the tiophy, how it is awaided; etc. ^ Large Conf-ribut^ion • As most of you know, the 1941-42 season niaiked the twenty-fifth year of Boilermaker basketball under Waid Lambert. In lecognition of this brilliant accomplishment, several Purdue grads staited a campaign to raise money with which to have a large painting made of Lambeit. Alumni, former Boilei maker players, close fi lends of Lambert and student alike all contiibuted to this worthy cause—in fact the campaign was such a great success that there was a laige suiplus of money even after the''painting had been made. ^ Award Based Upon Index Piggy suggested that this money be used as a fund for a scholarship award to be given each year to the member of the basketball team who has maintained the highest scholastic index during the two semesteis .preceding the start of the hardwood season. The awaid is in the form of a large trophy upon which is insciibed the words “Ward Lambeit Scholarship Trophy”. ^ Menke Most Logical Choice This year’s recipient of the award—Captain A1 Menke—was by lai the most logical choice. A1 is a senior in the Mechanical Engineeiing School and is a distinguished student. He is president of Sigma Clii social frateinity and also is piesidcnt of Gi'mlet. A1 is in Advanced ROTC, but will stay until June to get his diploma. In addition to all this, Menke still has plenty of time for his pm giil. While the lest ot us try like the devil to do one thing well, A1 seems to be tops m about everything ho does. ► No Cut'S Of Murphy, Wooden For about two weeks now we have been searching thiough the old files of the Exponent and the Publicity Office trying to find any old cuts of Johnny Wooden and Stietch Murphy. Both of these foimei Boilorniakei hardwood greats were leccntly named on the All-Time All-Ameiican team by a vote of the outstanding coaches of the countiy today. However, if you have nevei seen pictures of these two men, you will have to use your imagination as to what they look like because the many cuts which weip aiound when they weic playing have either voiii out oi have been discarded. ^ YOUR SECTOR
From Los ArweUs ExamlfUfi
Play in the final round of the spring intramural baseball tournament is slowly progressing despite adverse weather conditions. Approximately five teams still remain in the contest and the final winner will be the new fraternity champion. In the games Wednesday afternoon, the Lambda Chis defeated the Kappa Sigs by a score of 3 to 1, and the Phi Psis downed the AGRs to the tune of 9 to 5. The w.eather was so cold that afteinoon it was hard for the members of any of the teams to really put their heart into the game. Nevertheless the Lambda Chi outfit showed the Kappa Sig ciew how to hit the ball when Jack Roberts double with two men on base. Both teammates scored and clinched the game for their own team. Deltb Victorious In the games yesterday afternoon the Delta were victorious over the Phi Psis, 8-2. This defeat dispossessed the Phi Psis of any claim on the crown. Bill Clark pitched for the Delta and Jim Stucker caught. Ed Bishop was the losing pitchei. In another game the Phi Kappa Sigs weie scheduled to play the DU.S, but the men fiom the “Skull” house foifelted. The Delta Chis won an easy game Iiom the Phi Delta by a score of 7-1. The most exciting game of the afteinoon was the one between the Phi Gams and the Lambda Chis. Going into the sixth inning the scoie was tied at the count of 7-all. The Lambda Chis came to bat and “Sliiggoi” Roberta proceeded to hit out a single. Bob Iiinschei was next up and he hit a home lun to bieak the tic and win the game. It was a haid 1 ought contest light up to the last pitched ball, and the Phi Gams played an outstanding game. Freshmen Dominate Hichigan State Teams It IS not difficult to detect the trend of the tunes in the ranks of intercollegiate athletic teams at Michigan State College. Moie than half of the 121 men leporting to coaches in loui sports this apiing are ficshmen. Athletic Director Ralph H Young in counting noses learned that two-thirds oi the more than 400 athletes who icpoitcd for varsity and fieshman teams during the winter teims have anaweied the call to aims Appioxiinately 2,000 men students loft the campus lor the aimed foices at the close of the wintei teim. IM Schedules BASEBALL Friday, April 16 1 15 Gaiiiea that weie postponed Tuesday and have not been played Diamond 1 Phi .Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 2 Tail Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi d Winiici of Lambda Chi AlphaPhi Gamma Delta game vs. winner oi Phi Kappa SigmaDelta Tau Delta game 4 Theta Chi vs. winner of Delta
One of the hidden men behind the success of all Riveter spring sports field for the Boilermaker institution when they teams and who receives little credit for what he does in the tangle with the Spartans of Michigan State at East Lansing, eyes of the student body is Lon Mann. Lon is the head trainer This engagement will be the first for Coach Hermon Phillips’ for all Boilermaker sports, so he is the one that has to suffer squad since the “Purdue Relays”, and will be the last meet that when “one of his great boys” hurts themselves. > two Boilermaker thinlies will participate in due to the ERC
When this scribe started to hunt for Lon to get an interview he looked all over the Fieldhouse trying to find him in his usual haunts. When Lon was finally found, he was taking time off fiom mending some poor PE 12ers broken knee, to hurl ball to some of the Riveter star
baseball members.
Chicago, First Job As Trainer Lon gon his fiist start m his profession while in grammer school in Chicago. It was then that Lon started woik as trainer for the University of Chicago, a job which he held for 17 years. During his younger ^ life, though Lon claims he can still keep up with the best of them, he took part in prairie football, which consisted of no rules at all, and also some semi-pio baseball. In 1906 Lon spent one year as trainer foi the Chicago White Sox. Then in 1921 he left Chicago to go to State College, Pa., to take chaige of the trainer duties of Penn State. Fiom theie in 1922, Lon came to Lafayette, at which place he has lemamed. In Lon’s estimation thei e IS no other school in the countiy whuh can compaie witli Piiidiic, 1101 aie theic any better kids than
theie ai e hei e.
Gets A Little Excited
Lon can lemembei that vhcii he fust came hcie. Red Ma.ckcy was just a fieshman. Lon says he will nevei foiget when he fiist sat next to Piggy Lambeit at basketball games he could haidly control hinisclt and Waid had to continually pull him back into the scat. He said he was woise than Piggy ever was when he fust came heie. Now it IS a diffeient stoiy. Alter a few years Lon saw that theie was no future in getting off the bench so much so he now contends himseli uy withliolding anyone else fiom leaping from the bench at the least little infiaction of iiiles. He says Piggy used to be quite bad at doing this, but has calmed down considerably in the last few yeais.
Lon Likes All Sports
When asked what spoits he likes best, he said, “I like all of them; none of them get old foi me, though I think tootball and basketball hold the most inteiest tor me.” Lon comes fiom a tiainer lamily in the tact that his biothei has been tiamei at tlie Univeisity ol Kentucky loi the last twenty .years, the same length of time that he has been heie, and his son also holds the same position at Geoigetown Umveisity. Lon can always be lecognized on the lootball field m the fall by that loud led bilk shut he weais. He jiicked that up when he was out in Cheyenne, Wyo , thiee yeais ago lie also can be easily picked out duinig the basketball season as he always sits next to Piggy on the
bench at all games. Phi Delta Theta
Hermon Phillips, mentor of the Boilermaker track and field teams, who takes his outdoor track squad to East Lansing, Mich., tomorrow for the initial outdoor track meet of the Boilermaker season. P. E. 12 Records Show Improvements in Masculine Stamina Over Last Term
regulations. They will leave at the end of this semester. Bill Bancker, co-captain of the squad, is one of the men to leave via the ERC, and Fred Kinder, a regular on the ^Riveter track and cross country squads for the last two years, is the other. Both boys are seniors. In preparation for this meet the track team has been given <Jonsiderable competition by the weatherman as far as outdoor practices are epncerned. Due to this fact. Coach Phillips stated that the team is not at its peak. Team Personnel Following is a list of the men who qualified in the time trials last Tuesday to participate in the meet: Bill Bancker, dashes and mile relay; Paul Gutting, hurdles; George Archer, dashes and mile relay; Chailie Dueslei;, distance; Walt Blum, high jump; Fred Kinder, distance; Biice, dashes; Sucsi, shot put and discus; Eiickson, distance; Harvey, dashes; Van Demon, middle distance; Capehart, mile relay.
By C. F. Wendell
Again another stanza in that prize stamina course, PE 12, folds up, temporarily. Just long enough to get a good start into the summer session. After having sweat, groaned and nursed aching muscles through a year of the course, the writer of this article decided to make an investigation to find out just how much good this male beauty treatment actually did the past semester in the way of
replacing pudgy ness with wnth mu&cle ALL over the toiso; 'lant Riveter sophomore swimmer, brawn on the Boilermaker and that the indoor progiam that make his second attempt with
Heidke Makes Try For World Record Again Tomorrow
Piividing an added attraction of the Gala Week program for returning alumni, Elroy Heidke, bril-
campus. Chief Clevett was located and drafted into the job, the PE 12 files weie next consulted and a cioss section of the individual
we have been able to keep up here lb better for an all around body building progiam than an outdoor piogram because of the use of the gym equipment. By a hasty poll of PE 12ers fiom
records of all the foitunate individ- the gym flooi, it seems that the ad-
iialb taking the course was com-
piled
Those exercises noted w'eie the sit-ups, pull-ups, push-ups, and the standing bioad jump. Also the attendance lecoi'd foi the various individuals was noted, and it w'as interesting to note that in an appieciable number of the cases wheie the man did pooily on his post tests, the attendance locoid was full ot absences Ahem. Into the statistics, a cioss section of twenty men from the w'hole lostei of cm ollees wxis sample, all fig111 es on the outcome of the vaiioiis tests averaged and tollowmg is the lesults ot the expeiiment: Push-LTps Pie tests, aveiage 22 8; jicst tests, average 26.
Pull-Ups
Pie tests, aveiage 6.9, post tests, aveiage 7,9.
Sit-Ups
Pie tests, aveiage 52 2; post tests, aveiage 65 9 Standing Broad Jump Pie tests, average 86 9 inches;
dition of wrestling and boxing to the piogram definitely added a couple of bright spots in comparison to the rather diy program offeied pievioiisly. Another point mentioned in the inquest was that the attendance this semester w'as bettei than that last semestei, and why shouldn’t it be, the couise is about as neai foolpi oof as possible, and a fellow has to be theie or else. Further in the line of wiestlmg and boxing offered, there aie plans stewing about giving a part of the couise ovei to hand-to-hand combat. A program of this type would call toi expert instiuction and numeious bandages; although the plans haven’t been exactly foimulated as yet, they still aie being thought about. We can hardly W'ait.
in a week to break the world’s record for the 150 yard breast -stroke at 11 o’clock Saturday morning in the varsity pool, it was announced today by Coach Dick Papenguth. The lecorcl attempt will be open to alumni, students, and the general
public.
Holds Two World’s Records Heidke, who already holds the world mark for both the 50 yard and 50 meter distances, made his first attempt to shatter the 150 yard standai-d last Monday night at the fifth annual Galacade, when he came within three-tenths of a second of the 1:43.6 mark set by Jack Kasley, of the University of Michigan several years ago. Papenguth is convinced that Heidke stands a good chance of adding the 150 yard record to his stimg. The Boilei maker sophomoie, who was runner-up for the Big Ten title and took fourth in both the N.C.A.A. and National A.A.U championships, has equalled the world mark for 150 yards several times in praatice.
RATsm pomn moMsy •••
Clii and
game.
Pi Kappa Alpha vs. winner of post tests, average 90.3 inches. Sigma Phi Epsilon and Sigma In the long run, theie ivas a noAlplia Mu game. iiceablc impiovemcnt in all of the — tests, especially the sit-up tests. Chief Clevett noted this and commented that the stomach had been about the chief point of attack all semestei Anothei of the PE msliuctois was appioached on the subject, and ho also commented on the noticeable lack of fat aiound the waistlmo, and the lack ol giunts dui'ing the icgulai peiiod of exei-
cise.
Coach Roeck w'as another man who voiced an opinion on the subject, “I Icel tliat the boys aie m tlefiiiely bellei condition tins spiing than they wene last wintci at the stai I ot the couise.” Clevett nuuitioned that the couise was not meant to decelop any apiiieciable amoiint of skill in any one subject, as probably most of the liick\ lioi-- found out foi tboniselves, but to augnieiil the bones
University Staff LEAGUE STANDING April 5-9 W T,
Bowling Scores Chem. Engr. . 39 51 Agronomy 1 38 52
English
61
29
Biology . .36 64
Agi. Extension
58
32
Pharmacy 36 5!4
Animal Husbandly
57
33
General Engi. . 35 55
Speech
5'5
37
Army , 32 68
Physical Plant
52
38
High Team Sets—Chemistry 1,
Civil Engl.
51
39
2815; Elec. Engr., 2751; Agronomy
Executive
51
39
2, 2742; Speech, 2736.
Phj SICS
50
40
High Team Games—Agronomy 2,
Poultiy
49
41
1031; General Stores, 998; Civil
Hoiticultuie
48
42
Engl., 990; Chemistiy 1, 978.
Agronomy 2
48
42
High Ind. Sets—Aknquist, 564;
Elcc. Engl
48
42
Seaton, 557; Spencer, 556; Htlver-
Mech. Engl.
45
45
camp, 555.
Daily
45
45
High Ind. Games—Spencer, 230;
Agi Choni 2
45
45
Seaton, 222, McDonald, 221; Marsh,
Recitation
45
45
218.
Agi. Chem. 1
14
46
High Team Sets to Date—Eng-
Foiestiy
11
46
lish, 2909; Agr. Extension, 2893;
Chomisti> 2
4.!
47
Chemistiy 2. 2868; PQuItry^2860.
\gr Chem ,5
4.1
17
High Team Games to Date—
Agi Exp. Sta
12
48
English, 1019; Atiinial Husbandry,
Naval Ti. Sta
41
49
1048, Hoiticultuie, 1044; Agr. Exp.
Ran 10 Engl.
11
49
Sta , 1036.
Agi. Engl.
10
50
High Weekly Ind. Sets to Date—
Geneial Stoics
10
50
Wykoff, 650; E. P, MiiUn, 642;
Clienustiy 1
10
50
Knoll, 631: Seaton, 023,China
By G. B. Wu
Better Homes Week
The following is a continuation en4he liistoiv of Chinese music Chlhese Farmers Songs To this most typical Chinese folk tune, some 500 yeais old new woids add the modem concept of militant resistance In China an old saying leiommeiids the “opuiing of new tclne into the old w me bottle ” a process appioved in piactice in ihliny of China’s new songs as fol
lowfe
Toiling, toiling pull up weeds Together we will sow the seeds Ee yah hay' Yah ho hay’ Sowing the seed of New China, Yah ho hay' Ee yah hay' New China fights for libeiation Fighting yvith one heait till oui work IS done Ee vah hay ' Yah ho hay ' All of China maichmg foiwaid to fi eedom' Ee yah hay' Chinese Soldiers Song In neyv woids to and old tunc again, the Chinese fightei bids goodbye to his fan syveetheait as he goes out to face the foe at the Northern Gate Fareyyell dailing I must go Let me not be late With my comiades meet the foe At the Noithein Gate China’s sons, let all see How yve fight foi libeit'^ Pelloyy comiades one and all We must obey duty s call Riding The Dragon A children’s song pieseivmg the ancient yvords expiesses the eagei ness of a youth to meet his biide The hoise is too slow he must iide on a dragon which can fly and swim yyhicli is syvift and feailess— and thus a moie suitable mount to carry the lovei to the biide In China the biidegioom “iiding the diagon” signifies one yyho is com ageous and steadfast Sun aiising led and blight Brothel iides a hoise To the mountain height I iide a diagon daik Fai o’ei the sea There my biide is ayvaiting me Song Of The Guerrillas This IS a favoiite song of the Chinese gueiiilla fightei s piesent iiig the tactics used behind enemy lines and expiessing in its boistei ous quality the joy of out yvittnig the Japanese in the dangeious game This song is completely Occi dental as follow s Go behind the Japanese And kick them in the pants' Behind the enemies And kick them in the pants'
To Start April 25 By Governor's Order
Bottei Hollies Week foi the stite has been piocliiilitd by Gov Heniy I Schiickci foi Apiil 25 to May 1 Still ickci tailed upon all titi7ens of the st itc to 10111 with the cili/ens of othei stites in suppoiting the piogiaiii of the Btttei Homes of Amenta i nitional home inipioye ment oigaiiization Explains Importance Ihe Goveinoi said the home IS the stiength of nation being the gieatest institution on eaith foi building thaiactei, good citizen ship and a tiue deniociaty ‘ Ihe yveek beginning Apiil 25 and ending May 1 yvill be known as National Bettci Homes Week Thioughout this week pub he attention yyill be focused on the puipose of the national oiganiza tion knoyyii as Bettei Homes in Anitiita namely to help the people of the United States to help them selves on iiiatttis ot hoiiiemaking ind hoiisni,, and in lelatcd iiiatteis of family uul communitv life, and 111 fuitheimte theieof pecial lee tines denionstiations and exhibits w ill be held Mis Geoige K Wells of Indian apolis heads the state oiganization uid IS planning to distiibute mate iial coiiceiiiiiig the week s activities
Research Honorary Initiates 28 Members, 4\ Associate Members
It may laiii It may snoyy Be aleit smpiise the foe' Captuie towns diveit then foice Always pull them off then couise' No rest foi us till they letieat' No lest foi us till then defeat' etc etc Work As One This tune uigiiig the coopeiation between the people and the soldieis that lb essential foi Chinese sue cess, combines the elements of Eastern and Western music The pentatonic (five tone) scale is used yet the timing eliminates the yyail mg quality of Eastern music The Chinese laboieis’ chant of ‘ Hay ho hay'” lb employed in louiids yvith vaiious voiceb coming in on the last “Hay” of each piaise—something new in Chinese iiiusit but as old m the West as th eioundelays Hav ho hay' All the people woik as one' Hav ho hay ' All the people yvoik as one' Soldieis fight at the liont We help them at home Dig tienches build the loads Man the machines haivesl the iice Blood and sweat we gladly give Foi a China fiee and stiong' etc etc And now Chee I ai the unoi fieial national Chinese anthem typ ilying the uneonqueiable spiiit ot this people Aftci many yeais ot buffeiing oppiession the Chinese aie suddenly awalcned bv a call “Chee Lai’’ (meaning aiise) f om posed in 19u’ aflei the invabion of Manchuna it eelebiated guei iilla lesistanee and usheied in a new eia in Chinese music It is thoioughly Occidental in concept ^iibe you yvho lefuse to be bond slaves' Let’b btand up and light loi Libel ty and ti ue denioeiaey All oui woild IS lacing The chains ol the tviants Eveiyone who woiks loi lieedom lb now eiying Aiise! Aiis(' 4iibt' All of lib yvith one heait With the toieh ol fi eedom Maich on' With tilt toieh ol 11 eedom Match on' Maith on' Mai eh on and on' etc etc Wcbtem music will have its in lIlieiKt on ( hill I but tlie iniisii ol
The Univeisity Chaptei of Sigma Xi national honoiaiy leseaieh fia teinity announces the initiation of the following new membeis Wil laid S Bieon Richaid S Clog, L Dele/ Alice M Eyycll C Rogei Fiebeig William H (loetz Michael Golomb Lowell F Giegg R E Hoyy lid I M Hutchings David L Johnson Gene W Jolinston Cieoige Kiinolsly Betty Lail Hoiovitz Mai ion L Mattson Lloyd Cr Mun die Hubei t W Dluiphv I ayvience H Patch Chiiles J Plaiil Helen I Piuinton Gail M Redfield Cicoige I Rocdel Chailos Slcssei Si Amatoia lecliechtelin Ailo M Vance Ciiitis H Waldon Geoigc ( Waltei'- uid Gail S 'll 01111^, \ssociate Membeis Giadu ites yvho ue now issoei ite membeis uo Robeit 0 Bolt Tohn Ciboi'-ki Rogei L Hatton Roboit L Ilolison Beinico M Hon ill H ns H Jaffe lohn C L imkin Andiew H Lavnian Suinnei M Moiiison F D Schall ind Miles \ Sulliv in Undeigiadu lies of Sigma \i aie John H Ainibtiong David D Baita Max I Beaid Lewis L Bonham Robeiti Bueehele Maigie A Buntain Geoige R Coopei Stanley G D iv is Ralph M Deiis tei Robeit E Kinney Waltei I Jxiemmel Byionl P mons Willis L Sclialliol Noun in Spctnei Wil li im C W ill ei John H W Ulis Robeit E Woodwaid mil Hu old
E Zahii
Alpha Xi Deltas Celebrate
Satuiday will maik the filtioth anniveisaiv ol the Alph i Xi Dclt i soioiitv Ihe Alpha I ti eh iptei ot the national ti iteinitv which is licic on campus will hold a te i fioin thiee to loin in the ilteinoon in t! e chapte house to eommemo 1 lie the tc uncling on Apiil 17 18‘17 t Galesbuif, Illinois Plans hive been m ide bv the iliimni gioip ind the letue eh ij) tei toi an enjovable alteinoon inopeilv m 111 in^, the oee ision Not onh will the stoiy ol the (oundti be poiti IV e 1 lint thiie will ilso be a nutsieal piogi im hile the nitionil oigmi/ition is eelebi iting its Golden Annivei saiv the Alph 1 fti eh iptei will be hiiishing its twenty fust yen ol ictivitv Ihe tei will be open to ti lends of the ,-,11 Is and alumni gioiips
Purdue Exponent
\
Friday, April 16, 1943
GRIN AND BEAR fT
By Lkl%
Reed Announces Illinoi^Students Formulation Of New Arrested For
Notices.
Market Service T-oca/ Robberies
Skull and Crescent New initiateM wlio have not paid initiation fee must once '
i only Rope it's not rabbits in his victoiy gaiden again Last time it happened, he wouldn’t sign a lettei oi see a callei all da> ”
University Calendar
Friday, April 16
12 JO P M 4 00 P M G OOP M 8 00 P M 8 JO P M
9 00 \ M 12 00 noon 6 00 P M 8 15 P M 8 30 P M
Highvv ly Reseaieh Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Boaid of Tiusteeb Physicb Dept Sqnaie Dance PIA Dance Saturday, April Seed Coiibeivation Alumni Luncheon Alumni Banquet Reli„ Convo—Eastei Mubie Mixei
Room 330, Union Room 304 Union Room J32 Union W Faculty Lge Union Both Balliooins Union 17 Room 355, Union N Ballioom Union N Ballioom, Union H ill of Music Billioom Union
Dean H J Reed, head of all ag iicultuial work, has announced the foi mulation of a mai ket news serv ice which will piovide advance news on pioduclion the iipening peiiods, conditions, and quality of hoiticul tiual Clops Maiketiiig of News will be help ful to both the consumei and pio ducei, foi it will fiunish infoimation about the peak season pi eduction of flesh fiuits and vegetables “We want to do eveiything possible that will pi event the waste of any flints and vegetables pioduced this summei ” declaied Dean Reed Allow Maximum Preservation Consumei s by studying closely these lepoits can be piepaied to pieseive maximum amounts of fiuitb and vegetables when in peak season oi pioduction and thus save hundicdb of latioii points, not to mention the making leady of a wholesome supply of food foi next wintei ” Inf Ol Illation piepaied by maiket news seivice fiom the Univeisity will give mfoimation collected by county agiicultuial agents in van ous centeis of the state and facts piovided by veteian gioweis of In diana liuits and vegetables The plan also calls foi special fiequent lepoits to consumei s by county agiicultiual agents on local hoiticul tuial maiket conditions This in foi mation will be made available to diHiibutois and to consumei s thiough the coopeiation of the newspapcis, ladio stations, and faun pi ess In piepaiation foi this new seiv ICC a tiaining school wag held in Indianapolis a few days ago which w lb conducted by Univeisity and U S Depaitment pf Agiicultuie specialists County agiicultuial ex tension vvoikeis fioni Mai ion Vigo, Vindeibuigh Wayne and St Jo beph counticb attended the bchool
( hina will ncvti be ibsoibed noi will jt eve lo e it ukntitv M iv both the ( lime e old loll tunes mil till pew son s th it blend the huijiomesol J isl iiid West le in othcfi loi lletwcei im peoples NoU 1 hi wiitei wishes to le mill tho I who le niteii ted in ('hiiitse \it and imisie th it the jiicediiig Jigs lit I ept in the Music Room ei tlie t iiioii in in ill uin K 10 ) nil li 1 the n ime (he 1 I <1 s )i gs oi New ( hill i Phoiiilie Ji vt ilso bei II w 1 itti II is ippi oxim itioiis li the f liuiise soun is (1 pi Ol iiiiciatioii lin tin ) gs 1 hosi w ho ai e i iniili 11 with these songs mil i) thev allow then im igm itioiis Ol till II voealmluy oi ( liinr e plioiietiis to slietth i littk till V (OLill almost spi il Ihi ( hllK t I uip u igi
Piacemerit Notes For Women Ah Liil B Aiehibald Diieetoi oi Peibonnel Leu Avia Ine Piqu i Ohio his w ntten toi women tiained m engmeeimg di ivviiig loi those ilso ti allied m mithcmit}cs mil bcience toi vvoik m then lest Laboiatoiv ( ill 2955 if inteiested Alls Gi ICC \ Smult minigci Canvoii Inn AIcCoiniicl b Cicck Ganvon Suite Pul Spencci In di in i needs gills ioi summei vvuil Chiei,.,o C Jinmoii 9i5 West Gi mil Avenue Chic igo HI is a sociil settlement dosiiiiv -uls loi summei vvoik Jobs ue woiling with eliildicn and p lys boaid ind loom plus I smill cash allowance Anyone mteiest d should „et m uoiich immidiitih with PI leement Seiv cc ioi A\ omen (2955) Alls J Z Stout in eliai,,e—tea looms William b Block and Com pan> Indi in iiiolis Indian i has just telephoned to saj that she needs i supeivisoi m jiistiy and one to tal e ehaige oi the cle ining and dish loom II you aie intei ested will voii wiite hei immedi itely ind lot me 1 now th it you lie ippljing It you do not cue to ip plv mil hive icecjited othei eni plovment I shall ilso appieciate lieaiin„ i i om voii E R Billums Sixth U S (ml Seiviee Rc-,ion Re jn csent itiv e loom 9 Post Office I Idg L li ij ettc Intli ina willmteivicw woinon eollc;,! -,1 i 111 ites Satuiiliy and Aloud IV Ainil 17 mil 19 Jiom 9 i m to 5 1 in 'Aii))he iti ms w ill be leeepted Iii I i i nee 11 iflie Con lolleis (^iiiwij and A.iii))it) toi li lining 111 Chill 0 biliiv ot ]iei month ])lus 21 pel ee it ovei time while ti iinin^, with exeelle it ])iomotionil opiioitunitios upon completion ol couise Pi dining st 11 ts betwceil Ainil 15 ind May 15 1 in v\ oniei w ith one v eai or more college woil ind i high sc lool ei leei ineludm^ subjects oi iiiathi maticb uitl/oi phvsies anil/oi ehemistiv ipplie itions will lie le eepted Joi ti uning it Puidiie Uni veisitv West I ilavctto Indian i beginning M ly-iiil Siliiv S120 jiei month w hile ti niiiii-, and jn omotion il quiliiieil to SI ()20 i vei plus 21 jiei tent ovei lime loi dutv m An /ei lit P itlio Idhoiitoiv Wimht I itltl Divtcn Ohio Do not ijiplv il en^ ueil m w ii wink it equal oi
e itei si ill
Ihe loung Womens Cniistiui Assoeiituii oi Sigiiiiw iMieliig in II IS V e inties on the ii e uiii) st ifl m eludm„ eouiiselois loi swimming iiid spoits e imp ei ifts in 1 woods ud mu le ind tvinmg ])iogi ims Vnvoiu mtiiestid sliould get m toLiih mimtdii il w th PI ui me it Seiv lie ill Wini (2‘)55) loi iji 1 III liion 1)1 u 1 (loodveii Aim ilt ( npiii itioii Him Ohi( iniiounces luiiin eii mil n i )lle i ti lining jnogi im 1 )i w mun l)e-,iimm~, lime 1 mil ei iiimuiiig ioi s x months It will 1 gut 1 li seki Li 1 ii indited eng 1 net iin m titutii ns Applii uits i|ui t ln\( suiKbshillv lomplilid
AGR Mascot Bluejackels
Attracts Girls
Wltei sevei il iutile itteinpts to th iw the ittoiitioii ot i tew ot the gill who sat in the b ick low ot bis English III cl iss Plot H H W ittb began to investigate the atti action oiigmitmg Iiom behind the gnls Ju'-t IS he tinned detective the gals ic^ili/etl that peihaps P S Lliotb pootiv was ot moie iin poitmce thin then newlv acquued tiiend and visitoi When the itti letioii lee ivetl no moie ittention it tleeitled that it w IS time to move to i place wheic it wruld be ippieeiited Pveivone in the tiont ol the loom was then iin i/ed to fin 1 th it the fcatiiie at tiaction hil been Hcide Saint Bemud mascot ol the Alphi Gun ni i Rhos Ait'’! spcndm„ i tew minutes lool mg ioi sonic moie Jiicnds Jleide lillovved AI At itts blunt suggestion to le ive the loom mil find i new pi lee ot so)ouin
120 Former ROTC Cadets
Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Graduate From OCS
soei il li itcinitv innounees the election ol the lollov/mg olfi ecis Ihcniis Hcniliix picbideut John Simpson vice picsident Rob eil Schiiniml leeoidci Chffoi 1 John on ehionielei Williun Llov 1 w 11 den (hu es Ciohlke heioll Idwm Wi .,(is iiisli eh 111 min 1 line W itson s ei il eh u man Hiniv ( iii\ ithletie dll cetoi I lie lollovvm^ weie mitiitid Chailes Gohll c Beiei Ohio Wil him Ilojd V lip 11 iiso Rich 11 d D Wil on loiL Waj ne mil Geoige Spe us 1 Ol I W lyiie
Saturday's Mixer
Peipetiatois of vaiious frateinity lobbeiies heie weie uncoveied yesteiday at the Univeisity of Ilh noifa when six young men, five of whom weie “caught with the goods,” weie an ested foi biug laiy and laiceny The sixth was held foi leceiving the stolen goods
Two of the youths weie fiom the Univeisity of Illinois while three otheis aie fiom a high school in Uibana Then take amounted to moie than $1,000 taken in money and clothing fiom the University and fiom Illinois
Bniglaiy of the Univeisity fia teinity houses occuiied aftei Maich 31 when the youths stole a cai in Danville, 111, and then diove to Lafayette Ai tides stolen include watches jewelry, poi table ladios, poi table typewriteis and clotheb
Johnnie, 11, Hunts For Debris Editor
To Get Photo Job
(Continued fiom page 1) chosen by tlieii own shipmateb le , civeil nine sweateib which had bee 1 kii tteil by bome locil motheis Pinned to e ich swcatei ol heavy bcivice blue vv is a note with the name mil aildiess of the mothei who had knitted it 11 Noeeia then oideieil the men to vviito to the woman who had knitted the sweat ei The nine sweateis weie pie senled to the men without legaid to si/e so th it the\ weie asked to swap 1 itei to tiv foi a good fit Sailoi Sing Ihc exeicibos closed with tvvo songs the fust being Without a Song i solo by \ eoman Honk and iccompanied by Dave Simpson Univeisity student Following this Anehoib Avveigh vv, s sung bj the entile uuhence and libcity began foi the 1 ighth Compuiy .^laduat mg cl ibb
Classified Ads
Wanted—St 1 nt t d lutr P irdut Ex ponent An Iv Exponent c ffiLu r call R H kiotpjin 81 1
Imal niixti ol the semebtoi will leituie Alainy M ilm in the noith ballioom ot the Union fiom 8 0 to 11 0 Admission juice is $1 10
One hunched twenty Univeisity giailuatcb ill tal en into the Aimy liom idvanco I KO PC vvcic icccnt ly eomnussionetl Second I leuteii ant it Foit Sill aftei giadu iting fiom OlFiceis Candulato School The couise was i thiee months’ tiaining peiioil Ailvineed stmli nts tiom A ale nil i few enlisted men wcic eoniiiussioned it the s une time Upon giiiluilion minv ol the men vveu gi inteil shoit I ii loui hs Seviial ol the olbceis weii ouleied to letivc duty Upon completion of then fill loughs the othei men will be so'iit eitliei to active duty oi will „o to camp'’ thioughout the nation to seive IS instiuetois oi to tike moie iilvanccd tiaininp
Male r«i minatt nc( luci t) K< i e lod le U \ uratu C ill Di k 18) I
Complctuly furnishtd i i 1 i I r t , n II Mill I 11 M y 1 C ill 10 1
I osl—( 1 I I o> i 1 K w 1 H 1
ill < I r irao AKii
'I I y an Fxponeiit C lassified'
Tau Beta Pi Shingles tor summer elasa are available See Soddon at 360 SE Cary Hall Fall class sec St Clair Triangle house for their shingies —-SEDDOH
Camera Club Those who had pictures m the exhibit may get them at t*)® -HAYWARD
All Women Students It you have not sc cuicd an activities sheet from the AwS office please got one fill it out it to the office immediately —MURPHY
Sigma Delta Cm Initiates Please Bed Wolf and pay youi fees as boon as possible so that you cun be cniolled in thb national leco^ds The list will not be sent in until all have paid
A M 21 and 22 Makeup Exams Condi lional exams will bo held on Monday April 2b in room 102 Heavilon Hall from 8 to 11 a m , —SANDERS
I oresters FitUl day Saturday April 17 m the woods back of the Stadium Events start at 3 Watch tor a notice on the bulletin boaid -WEAVER
All Science Seniors Please call at Dean Endtrs office this week without fail We nave some mfoimation that must be handed out —ENDERS
Eta Kappa Nu Banqui t at 6 30 rrijay April 13 in the old Chestnut room of the Union I verybodv bring their appetite —PELTOSALO
Scabbard and Blade Pictures taken nt baminet are bupir All who want prints at 50 cents per see me immedmtely Everyone was in the picture ■—HECKARD
Machine Design Courses All drawers in desks in dr iwmg roi ms must bo vacated and left unlocked ly April 21 It will bo necessary to lemove equipment left after (hat time Ihe dipartment cannot be responsible for equipment so removed —AULT
Yesteiday afternoon a young boy age 11 walked into the Ex ponent office and inquiied about getting a job as one of the Debus photogiapheis He said this his mothei had given him pei mission to woik on the Debus and would the Exponent please tell him wheie he could find the editoi of the Debus Exempt From Draft He gave his name as “Johnnie” and said ‘ that he could take good pictuics but once in a while he had a little tiouble in developing the pictuies ’ When he letuined fiom the Debus office aftei being told the editoi was not m he began to give a giaphic desciiption of his life as a photogiaphei He by the way IS not old enough to be diafted and said that ho could give a lot of time to Ills woik
Afirriculturist Meeting of all Agriciiltunst ■woikers Wednesday at 1 p m Be bure to Lome Imuoilanty —DUBjSLER
AM Women » Track Meet Meet will bo held Monday it 4 p m in ricldhouse AU people inU Lst d bl ould sign up in Womens Gvm IS bO( n as possible oorh
Car> Hall Men Who have lived in Units A Ol B luring the last year and who hdvt lot had tluir picturt taken for the Debris sh ild bt in Iront f South Hall Friday at 12 iO —CARDONA
MT 6 and MT 7 Students Report to Uni V rsity Ca hicr at d draw uniform commutation mon y which is available Be sure aid get this money before you leivc the Universiti —BROWN
Cary Hall Associate Members Debris Xictui of ill ibsociale numbers will be taken hridiy t 12 40 in front of South Hi 11 —RICHARDSON
Cary Hall All men who mibsod DebrU pittures Mondav < r 1 ii sday m ij get in plcti le to b taken I i day at 1*, 2o RICHARDSON
Gimlet Pledges I 1 as r i oit at tho south 1 I (f the Sol th I allroom at the indicated times t s rv as ,.uk1cs Saturday April 17 > m Sguros Ilemnikr Snow 10 a m Tabl Jehns n 11 a m Riehardson Til ton 1pm Kiig Stallings Ballardb 2 1 m Th ma bowtids 1 p m Simphon Moinson VI RMILION
Christian Foundation
s
elected the following officcis Bob Smith Columbia City piebi dent Dana Mae Johnson Faimeis buig vice piosident Vnginia Radei Elnoia secietiiy Bob Nash Canton Ohio tieasurei The student classes aie to be headed by Maltha Jane Gettingei Sullivan inesident Maiqic Held Logans poit vice piesident
Militarv Seniors Those go ng to O C ~ iflei (lul (f this t im sign paper's this
w ck in R om B I Aimo y
HESTERBERG
Newman Club Ih ) enicSitiidai April will b i t tl Rob Ade tb idium jiicnic lo nd II logins at 1 30 —AUI T
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Typewriters A 1 in g machiniB all make? b 11 renti i r i iir 1 a 1 i irehab 1 M m o f 1 11 h woik In C T Lb rbhoff bOa Main 1 fTycttc I 1 ne 2 9
Mincy to loan On Inm n Is watnhefl g s 1 gg g lyi wr ters Albert s Loan UlTiee 40 Columbii
l^st ( irl t r r it tin ill lining ( nt 1 n d I 11 f J 1 cri) ti n 1 ns b ii Uhs I I t D triel s Mai I Call M i b 1 0 )
Wanted—W II j y h f r d< k model lalio till J Kk Th ne 5ir81
lor Kent—1 i ni h 1 j iitme t 1 vo i om 1 ifh riiv it nlriiu o nf n a us 1 t aU 1 til 1 es fi ri h I bt I nts i re 1 1 d Ml I i ii Str tt
F Obt on c tmpus I v i i 1 f v 1 I I nging t C I W If K wi 1 1 I 1 ne I t 1 nil
Selling Out Iv A) 1 2 10 M PI si M 1 fng lat 1 V icu m cleuti kiUltn 1 h t(. d lull It i tc W slmii 1 1 ( 1 rut TI is TIS N G nt bt I hun 1
Said a Boy Scout named Anthony Gray, “Gee whiz—about all I can pay Is a dime at a time
For Savings Stamps, but I’m
Going to own a Savings Bond some day!’’
I
Even your penniM will help America defeat the Asia* Save them and buy U* S« Savinge Stamps and Bonds*
Notice
Vtcmdnn to Majoi R 13 Rioi din ol the Militaiv Depaitment on]\ advaiiecd militaij students Mho ail gidduatni„ Sunday must be jnesent at ,,iaduati(m to get then eeilitieites Statements th it all advaneed milit in students hive to be at giadualion aie false is oiilj those Mho aie ^idiiuatnig must ipjit u
ileimiiLii\ eollC;^( m itheinaliis in iludin iRiIni nd geometiy must |) iss phvsRil (xiiuinition md must lint I ^ooi! sehol isLit leeoid luitu I loom ind 1)0 u d will be jiaid l)\ the enj) i ition in iildilion to \ t isli illotimnt e uh month A lej) lescntiLne Mill be on the eanijnis in Ihe \eiv ne u lutuie to inleiview II tei (sled students Anvone iiitei isttd should e ill PI leenient Seiviee
101 \\ oinmi (2 1)'’) il om c
Patriotic
to keep your clothes in good condition. Clean Clothes last longer and ou^ Government wants woolen goods for the armed forces.
CROWN Cleaned Clothes are also moth proofed by the Monite Process.
Crown Laundry
FINE DRY CLEANING
r r
» 0^,