^ ^ ^ 1 . . -* >
^t>*n’JKf~’ } * Vi ^ Uff
'J. iu
4/* ,K
.^■i''f,' '4,J A
r
fp Ji\ ^‘
-'D«i " '*#;%■
\ Purdue
z-im
I Exponent
ft, Volume 5k No< 135
Ftiday, Mardt 15; 1840
800 Frosh Attend Second In Series Of Three Meetings Crowding the faculty lounge of the Union to overflowing, 800 freshmeen were present last night at the second of a series of pre-initiation meetings sponsored by the interfratemityl president’s council. Speakers were Mr. C. E. McCabe,^ advisor to the Delta Tau Delta fraternity, and Mr. R. B. Stewart, controller of the University. Mr. McCabe spoke on “Your Opportunity in the Fraternity.” He commented upon the growth and change in attitude of fraternities as regards “hazing.” As a result of this widespread swing toward a more sensible outloOk on pre-init- j iation activities, McCabe expressed his opinion that future initiates should have more opportunity to observe and discard practices that are useless to both the fraternity and the University. Stewart Mr. Stewart’s talk covered “What is expected of Fratemitiee^ by the University.” Referring to the attitude some people hold toward fraternities, Mr. Stewart explained that fraternities must contribute even more in the way of service to the University and to students to avoid the caption, “C. C. C.”—country club cliques. In support of his statement, Mr. Stewart pointed to the competition presented by Cary Halls, housing 1100 men and illustrated the challenge to fraternities to provide and maintain facilities and advantages to house another 1100. Fraternity men are particularly accountable for their actions, Mr. Stewart stated, beecause they represent, in the eyes of the general public, the attitude of the entire University. Concluding, Mr. Stewart stated that the problem is largely a personal one, in which it is the individual’s responsibility to live up to the ideals of the ritual under which he IS initiated. Tomorrow night. Dr. Elliott will speak at the last of the series of meetings. Dr. L. Gilbreth Chosen WAA Dinner Speaker Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, consulting professor in the engineering school, has been chosen as the speaker for the annual WAA banquet to be held next Thursday at 6:30 p. m. in the home economics cafeteria. Tickets for the dinner will be fifty cents and are now on sale at all sorority houses and the residence halls. In addition to the speaker, the newly elected WAA officers and board members will be introduced. Mary Mather, president of Sportswomen will award athletic monograms to the girls who have earned * their thousand points. Freshman numerals will also be awarded. Sororities, wards, and residence halls which have received the greatest number of points for intramural participation, will receive trophies at the banquet. Rosemary Fiel Will Reign As Queen for NISA Dance Rosemary Fiel will reign as queen of the National Independeent Student Association dance to be held m both ballrooms of the Union on Friday, April 6. The dance is held m conjunction with the national convention of Independent Students to be held here from April 4-6. Approximately 200 delegates represeenting forty schools, are expected to attend the convention and dance. Announcemeent of a band will be made at a later date. Owing to the many out of town delegates who will be present, the dance will be informal.
Sophomores Dance At Cotillion Tonight
Chairman
Chuck Brandt And Virginia Diehl Chosen Typical Couple Pour huncJred couples will dance tonight to the music of Pinky Tomlin and his orchestra at the annual Sophomore Cotillion. Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary in charge of the dance, will present the t3rpical sophomore couples of two campuses following the grand niarch at 11 p. m. The couple chosen to typify Purdue sophomores is Chuck Brandt, Phi Gamma Delta and Virginia Diehl, Chi Omega. The chapter at the University of Michigan has also chosen a typical couple who will arrive by plane “ht the airport this afternoon at 6 o’cldck. Prizes will be awarded to the couples at the dance as souvenirs of the occasion.
And His Date
... of the dance t)oug McDaniels, Phi Delta Theta, . . .
Tankmen Conference To Consider Problem Of Pool Maintnance
Both technical and promotional questions will be considered at the third annual conference on operation and maintenance of swimming pools which will h© held here at the University Tuesday. The one day conference is sponsored by the division of physical education for men and the school of civil engineering in co-operation with the bureau of sanitary engineering of the Indiana State Board of Health. At the opening meeting, W. E. Howland associate professor of sanitary engineering, will take up problems dealing with the operation of swimming pools. Second in the program J. E. Gilroy, director of physical education in the Gary schools, will speak on physical education in the high schools. Physical Education Physical education in colleges -ivill be outlined by Marion Russell, of the department of physical education for women. B. A. Poole, chief engineer of the bureau of sanitary engineering, will conclude the morning program with an outline of the services offered by tl^e State Board of Health. Promotional methods will be taken up in the afternoon by Dick Papenguth. University swimming coach, who will describe methods of conducting swimming campaigns and mass instruction. Motion pictures in the afternoon will be followed by a demonstration in the pool. Miller, Moore, Hardesty Successful In Air Corps Three Indiana cadets, Fred W. Miller, Wimer A. Hardesty, and William W. Moore, have just successfully completed the primary stage of Air Corps Flying training at the Lincoln Airplane and Flying School, Air Corps Training Detachment at Lincoln, Nebraska. Cadet Miller graduated from Hammond High School in 1930 and then entered the University where he spent one year taking engineering. He was a distinguished student and was active on the college swimming team. Cadet Hardesty attended Tech High School of Indianapolis and upon graduation from there in 1931, entered the University where he spent three years in Electrical Engineering. ' Cadet Moore graduated from Knightstown High School in 1936 and then entered the University where he spent a year taking engineering.
Bennett Picked Prom Queen Ruth Bennett, Kappa Alpha Theta and a junior in the science school, was chosen last night, by a committee selected f<p* that purpose, to 'reign as queen of the 1940 junior prom. She was selected from a field of 19 on the basis of beauty, personality, and popularity. The committee which made the decision was composed of Virginia Royce, Paul Cooper, Ann Sickman, Bob Insley, Margaret Saurer, Jerry Hinshaw, Rusty Layson, and Martin Estey. Public Will Witness Howitzer Contest Tonight In Armory Beginning at 6 o’clock tonight in the armory, the competition for the Distinguished Howitzer Squad will be held. Medals, merits, and citations will be awarded to the winning gun squads at the completion of the competition. The contest is divided up into three parts: inspection of personnel, counting 5 percent; and service of the pTece, valued at 80 percent. Open To Public The last event is graded on the following items: standing gun drill, 16 percent; accuracy, 40 percent; time, 20 percent; and discipline, 6 percent. This part of the competition is open to the public and bleacher seats will be erected for this purpose. There will be eight squads in the competition, each squad being commanded by an executive and assistant executive. The rest of the squad will consist of the following: a chief of section, a gunner, seven cannoneers, and one chauffeur, all sophomores. Executives Executives and assistant executives of the eight squads are respectively as follows: Wayne Kepner, Ray Hall; J. M. Venable, J. P. Money; J. A. Curtis, W. M. Dempster; G. R. Jungerman, T. J. Stephens; J. F. Wadsworth, J. W. Christy; T. C. Noland, G. A. Hesterberg; R. L. Hauter, D. D. Kennedy; and J. R. Storms, G. C. Stout. Each squad will exeecute its drill, but may fall out and observe the remainder of the test from bleacher seats or from the balcony. Junior Managers ... on this year’s Boilermaker baseball squad were recently announced as J. G. Davis, Theta Chi, and G. H. Kegerreis, Phi Sigma Kappa. As is the custom, these boys will automatically become next year’s senior managers. Varsity Show Needs More Orchestra Men Tryouts for varsfty show will be held today at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall, it was announced last night by show officials. There are still vacancies in the brass-percussion and string-sec-tion of the orchestra. Applicants should bring their own instruments.
At the time of the pi-esentation of the two couples, the new pledges of Skull and Crescent will be ahnouneed. The tsrpical sophomore couples will assist Bob Gimlin in announcing the names of the new pledges , to Skull and Crescent immediately There are still a few tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion available at the West Desk of the Union today, officials annonneed last night. following the grand march. One man from each fraternity has been chosen to take the place of those members now in charge. Gordon Belles, Phi Kappa Psi, president of the organization and Doug McDaniels, Phi Delta Theta, Cotillion chairman and their dates will lead the grand march at 11. 2 O’clock Hour When the couple from Michigan arrives tomorrow afternoon they will be greeted at the airport by a group of students representing the sophomore class. As it was originally announced the dance will continue from 9 to 1, co-eds having been granted special 2 o’clock hours for the occasion. Decorations will consist mainly of a large backdrop^ with an outsize skull and crescent emblazoned on a jade background between two large pylons. From the skull, which winks its “eyes” intermittently by means of green lights, will be streamers upon which are lettered the names of the new pledges. Honorary Members At 8 p. m. preceding the dance. Skull and Crescent members and their dates will attend a banquet in the Union. At the banquet. President E. C. Elliott and Dean M. L. Fisher will be made honorary members of the fraternity. Jim Chase will act as toastmaster for the occasion. 6 Percent Of Student Body Gain Distinguished Rating Results by percentage and statistics concerning the distinguished students of last semester indicate the following facts. There was a total of 442 students whose average tallied to more than five grade points. This number comprises 6 percent of the entire student body. Of the 442, 112 were freshmen, 102 sophomores, 100 juniors, while seniors topped the list with 128 distinguished. Among 17 above a 6 point average, 4 were credited with a perfect grade point average, 6.6. Names of students attaining a distinguished student rating may be found in an ad in another part of Saturday’s paper. Dance Will Feature Request Program An all-request program will be featured Saturday afternoon at the PIA tea dance. Dancers attending will have the privilege of asking for each piece played. As each request IS mad<p, it will be written down. The three numbers receiving the highest number of votes will be played in the set of three songs following the requests. All co-eds will be admitted free, and non-members will be charged 10 cents.
. . . Dottie Sieb, Alpha Chi Omega pledge^ will lead the grand march at 11 p. m.
Holy Week To Begin March 18, Devotions In Eliza Fowler Hall At a recent meeting of the Pur- ^ due Religious Council, plans were made for a program for Holy Week. Beginning on Monday, March 18, and continuing through Thursday, March 21, Eliza Fowler Hall will be open for noon day devotions from 12:26 to 12:50. Music will be furnished by different campus musical organizations. New Officers In the recent elections for next year’s officers of the Purdue Religious Coimcil, Henry Mangus was chosen president. The other officers elected were Bonnie Swope, vicepresident; Louise Peterson, secretary; and Ted Wilson, treasurer. Dr. G. H. Graves remains as faculty adviser for tfie organization. Committees for freshman camp were announced headed by Henry Mangus with Mildred Browning chosen as head of the arrangements for freshmen women. The camp for men is an annual occurrance taking place shortly before the beginning of the fall semester. Plans are being made to sta^t a similar camp for women. Have Any Ideas For Prom Decorations? Turn Them In Soon What the prom decorations will be is still a mystery. What the decorations contest will bring forth in the way of ingenious ideas remains yet unknown. Suggestions which are limited to backdrops, band fronts, and incidental decorations must be turned in to Virginia Royce at the student union office by Wednesday, lifarch 20. All entries must be accompanied by actual drawings of the layout and an itemized cost list. The amount available for decorations is limited to one hundred dollars. The prom will be held in both ballrooms with the major part of the decorations in the new addition. For further information call Gib Kegerreis at 8002.
Viroval Spellbinds Convoiation Goers With Violin Music Last night before a near capacity crowd in the ]iiIemor> ial Gymnasium, Robert Viiovai captivated the audience with a superb perfomumce. Showing all the poise and accomplishments of a veteran concert violinist, nineteen year old Virovai proved himself to be one of the foremost violinists of the day. Included in his program wore the f olowing numbers: La Folia by Cm-elli-Leonard, Prelude in E from J. S. Bach, Violin Concerto in D minor, Op. 31 by Vieutemps including the Andante, Adagio, Scherzo vivace, and Finale marziale: Allegro energico. This wasf followed'^by'an intermission. Second Half After the intermission Virovai came back to play: Romance in 6 by Beethoven, Caiadce in E flat from Weiniawske - Kreisler, Zeplqnr by Hubay (incidentally one of his former instructors), and I Palpiti from Roesini-Paganini. When Virovai finished his regular program, he returned to play an enchore. The reception which was to be held in the Great Hall of the Union after the concert was called off. Seniors, freshmen, and buff ticket holders will be admitted this evening. Purdue Conffirt Choir Entertains At Banquet \ Last night, the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce held their antm^l banquet in both ballrooms of the Union. Between 900 and 1,000 persons were present for the affair. The special guests of honor were boys and girls from public and parochial schools who presented the best statements on “Advantages of the American System of Free and Competitiye Enterprise.” Thurman L. (Dusty) Miller, one of America’s most popular humorists and philosophers, was the principal speaker. The toastmaster for the occasion was Harry P. Schultz, Lafayette attorney. Special entertainment was provided by the University Concert Choir in “Gypsy Aires.” Norma Ballard presented organ music throughout the dinner. As an added attraction, Dick Melroy, comedian from Chicago, put on a dumb waiter act during the dinner. Nineteen Purdue beauty queens served as hostesses and assisted in seating the guests. Delta Tau Delta Wins IN Carnival Trophy Delta Tau Delta won the partidpation trophy for the athletic carnival with a total of 51 points according to the totals released by Hi© Intramural department last night. E^ppa Delta Rho placed second with 43 points, edging out Beta Theta Pi in third place with 42 points. Other houses finishing high in the standings were Sigma Alpha Epsilon, fourth; Theta Chi, fifth; and Pi Kappa Alpha, sixth. Elevator, Grain Men
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth To Talk Here Monday
At Mortar Board Dinner
Members of Mortar Board, honorary organization for senior women who are outstanding in activities and scholarship, will give a Smarty Supper on Sunday, Mdrch 17, at 5:30 p. m. in honor of all sophomore and junior women who gained distinguished student rating last semesteer. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management of the University, will speak.
Elevator and grain men from the north central section of the state will attend the eighth annual Gram Grading School to be held here on Monday and Tuesday, Mardx 18 and 19. The local school be the in a series of four similar schools to be held in Indiana. Prof. P. E. Robbins, of the agronomy department, who is in charge of the programs, has announced that a 8(i^o<d will be held in Port Wayne on next Thursday and Friday, March tl and
22.\
\ I '
^xpofuunL Sfi&dtA. fiaqsL
Fddqty. March 15, 1940
Boilermaker Diamond Aspirants Struggle FrOr RIace On Vacation Travelling Squad
Tuxviog their talents from the basketball courts to the diamox^^S^rt^ several varsity net men have reported for baseballtpraetice in the Fieldhouse, boo&itm^ the tptal^of.capdidates to 30. The daily workouts are gradually beipg keyed up with the api^aohing southern campaign only one week ahead. Seven members of the recently — n,
will speak today at a dinner
of the Central Indiana section of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. The dinner is at 6:80 this evening at the Rose Polytedlf nic Institute. His topic will be “Municipal Control of Atmospheric Polf lutipp/’ Epss is the teclpiicat adf vi^er of, tpe Smoke Aibatcipept
League of Terre Haute.
crowned^ Big Tep champ net squad have stepp^ up competition for the nine positions in the past week. Three senior netters^ Yeager, a catcher; Vernon and Stamm, outfielders, are returning lettermen who saw considerable action last campaign. Bob Igney, captain-elect of the basketball team, is a standout candidate for the shortstop position. Pitcher Blanken and outfielders Tierney and Caress, all sophomores, are the other courtmen reporting for the diamond
sport.
Who Will Qo? Behind the spirited practices of Felsriio^s squad, a keen anxiety may be noticed concerning whe, of the 3Q players on the present squad, will get^tpee nod to take the southern trip during spring vacation.
Riveter Swimmers Face Badgers Tonight In Last Home Meet
Seeking their first conference victory of tfie current season, the swimming team will meet Wisconsin tonighjb at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse. This will wind up the current schedule with the exception of the National Intercollegiate meet at T^^ale University during spring vacation. Thus far this season the Riveters have won three meets, one of which was the Indiana State championship.
This atMtudq is an excellent one for bripgiug the squad into its top preseason form in a short time, and brings out the best and some of the worst in the players in the first step towards conditioning them for the current season. Coach. Butch Fehring has announced that the traveling squad which will embark for Auburn, Alabama, in about a week will be comprised, of 18 or 19 men. Names of these most promising ballhawks will be posted next week.
Nine Pitchers
A mound corps of nine flingers is being counted on for firing duties during the coming season. Four of them, Bailey, Ruppert, Navta, and Emmert made the southern tour last year. Of the others, Blanken, Frieherr, and Cooper, and Higgins are inexperienced but will probably have enough chance to notch their
belts this season.
Badgers Look Tough Coach Papenguth predicts a good match; in fact he labels it as the best meeet of the season scheduled in the home pool. The Badgers have a well balanced team and are expected to put up a good battle tonight. In Captain Ristow, Wisconsin has one of the best breaststrokers in the conference. The leihaillder of the squad is composed of Pohle, backstroke, and Carnes, Frank, and Gerlach, in the freestyle events. Admission for students will be 25 cents with presentation of passports. All non-students will be charged the regular price of 40 cents. The meet will start at 7:30 this evening in the Fieldhouse swimming pool. Freshmen swimmers will compete in the Indiana A, A. U. meeet at the Indianapolis Athletic Club this evening. Those entered are Carney, freestyle; Shaw, back stroke; and McCammon, McCay, and Williamson in the breast stroke. Patty Breaks Another Patty Aspinall, 14 year old Indi-
anapolis girl, broke the American women's reecord in tiie 440 yard breast stroke event in the A. A. U. held at Miami, Florida. Patty is under the tutelage of Coach Papenguth. She travels here every weekend to practice under the guidance of tl^e Boilermaker coach.
Boxers
. . . and those who are interested in the sport please meet in tl;e boxing room at 4 o'clock to discuss further engagements. A new course, which will continue until spring vacation, will be given to the inexperienced boys who are eager to learn the art of self-defense.
During the fall quarter, Colorado State College of Education students spent 2,600 hours playing ping pong. Cooper Union has a collection of 4,000 buttons, some of which are four centuries old.
Although rainy weather caused the cancellation of two of the scheduled seven games in last spring’s sunshine tour, the Boilermakers won more games than they lost; howeyer, two tie games, both 1-1 ten inning struggles, slightly blurred their performance. The Fftbringpnen won two, lost one, besides the deadlocks on the tour.
Frosh Track Team Trounces Badgers For Fourth In Row
P, Faustman, W, tied fqr tlprd.
Tiipe, 8,2 Seconds.
440 yard dash—Lambert P,"first;
Farni^worth P, second; Arnold P,
third. Time, 62.4 seconds,
Defeating Wisconsin by a margin of 62 1-6 to 36 6-6, t^j© Boilermaker fresh]tneri[ yfoA t^eir fourth straigl|t postdl(m0bt, of t^b^se^soh accotdi% to Itke tecordb relea^bd by 6o4cli Wilkening. Ohio State, Iowa, and
Michigaii have been the other vic-
tims so fax' this season.
Wisconsin managed to take sik firsts to five fpr the Boilermakers, but the Gold "and^Black scored heav-
880 yard run—Jentsch P, first; B^emp P, secopd; Pitts W, third. Tim^/ 2 minutes, 2.2 seconds. One mile run—'^mp P, first; Lop^^t P^ B^ond| fil^s HJC* 1^'mb, 4 Sl.O.socpnd^. . "Ko B'VtidtoV, flrrti Stanley P, second; Jahnke W, third. Time, 10 minutes, 2 seconds. Pole Vault—Anderson W» fi^rst; Grimes, P, second; Reisinig i*, tltirti. Heigl^t, 11 feet, 6 inches.
High Jump—McEachem P, first; P, second; Reynolds P, Towle W, Moreaii, W. 5 feet 11 1-2 intm^s. 'BJoad jump — McFedzean W, first; Hartup P, second; P^ tl^d. Distance, 22 feet, h inmes. ' Shdt ptit—^Beirele, P,
ily in the high hurdles, the 440 yard dash, the mile and half mile runs, and the li^igh jump, to rtm up a safe margin. In the mile and half mile runs. Boilermaker rimners kept up feuds of long standing. Kemp edged out Longest in the mile while Jentsch in turn edged out Kemp in the half. ,Both of these combinations havb been fighting it out on nearly evh “terms all year. ‘ The summary: 60 yard, dash—^Towle, P, first; Johansson, W, Soergel W, and McIntyre P tied for second and thitd. Time^ 6,^^ SMonds. eli yard low hurdles—^Towle W, first; Flickinger P, second; Dodge P, Ariiol^ Ti t^^ for thti^d, Tifi^,’ 7.2 secon^. 6^ yard high hurdles—^Bailey P, ' first; Flickinger P, second; Dodge
HAVE YOU TRIED RUSS' RENT A CAR SERVICE
Minimum Evening Rates Start at $2.50 for Nights SPECIAL TRIP RATES For Groups Going Home for Spring Vacation INSURED CARS 130 Andrew Place Phone 71644
MaiII
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
eV**
RKO w-_, RADIO 0' Pirtiiro
PLUS-
The Authetic Adventures of Uncle Sam's Ace ManhuntersI
secret Service OF THE AIR — WITH — RONALD REAGAN lOHN LITEL
IllAiri
nc.wY« pRODuci
n r> I
Bare Bold Pacts Never Told Brfore
ADultS’qnl
Midnif'e Shows Only Tonife and Saturday ALL SEATS 35c
Spring Slacks
A young man can be just as fancy as he pleases tBis Spring. Get a pair of slacks full of that slick style that catches the eye. You’ll not find a better buy than at our store.
Shirts Slacks
Sweaters Socks
Ties
224 Main St.
RELIABLE CLOTHING STORE
Phone 5730
Beat The Price Rise
The Debris Offiee Telegraphs You
mo
0ebAiiL
CompbdsL CnunfuiSu ^vtuuxqsL
in
i Wf I
^ ’C I ^ / jsHl ^ t ^
\
lay, March 15, 1940 7r ' ‘I '"-'^
^mm
\ i»
|a MiMjiTury TTBirang^ ac t '''4hl^^ kie qualified and inuerei^faq. jju t^siching. ' ^ » fl »' if Mr. 1^. T^ Cjranier, ofl^ce manager, R. R. ^'l^ons domjpany in
tJhicago, will visit Purdue "soon to iiitefVie^ir ME and ChB'seniors for^ employment. March 14-16il6
Mr. A, W. Weber, manufacturing department, Coming Class Works, Coming'^ New' Yofk^ "Virill^' ifiteirview^ engineering seniors, prefera]t»ly mechanicals interested in ^ piSimuctiojd department of the glaSs ifiddifirj^, Wednesday and Thursday, March ^6th knd 21st. ‘' ' ' March 14-18-16
>\p-ojv Ties.
aj;e easy to tie. Arrow ties are cut so they tie into perfect knots . ati4 their special lining resists wrinkles!
and hard to, heat! You’ll have to go a long way to find better fabrics or patterns in a $1 tie! Arrow Ties lead the way in style! Go see your Arrow dealer today and take your pick of spring Arrow ties—you’ll be crazy about ’em! $1. others at $1.50. * ARROW CRAVATS
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
. ■ p. z/ "'kii , ''The3r've|vt)^^otwii>>4of i GREYHQPNIBS'S ///^//^ - low FARES ^
Fov
SPRING VACATION TRIPS" [ JIohimI Trip fam • You can’t afford to hang around college ^ Cincinnati, O. .... $6.25 vacation-when it cost^ little to^ Dayton, O. 6.15 awayl Hop the very next Greyhound bus Columbus, 0. ". 8!55 and head for home—or in dbe (^posits Pittsburgh, fa. -- - If-95 direction if the wanderlust^s get yoii(. New York, N. Y. 16.40 Small ebaage is all you need to make a big St. Louis, Mo 10.30 change in your surroundings ~Gr«y* Chicago, III. .... 3-90 hound’s low fares keep 3iour capital prac“»ac t?caMy intacti Have more fun where Indianapolis, ind... Z.35 3rf»u’re going—with the nqioney you save teZJMJd.:::; la? «««.«««. b,o»,iJra.
(12 days)
UNION BUS STATION 5th and Ferry Sts.
Phone 2105
GREYHOUN0
C. 6. Kopplin, production manager, the 'Ifidon Special Machine Company, manufacturers of industrial'^deWing machines, vdll dnterview engineers interested in the design of intricate parts for high speed machinery; production and' tiihe study work, and sales enginCeldhg. 'Those interested sign up in the main office of their school.
foundation. Refreshments will be served at 10 p. m. before leaving for Maple Point. '-“HORNE. ME SI Conditioiui Eauuninatlon wIU be held in room 801 of the ME buildins on Saturday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take diie make-up ebonld notify the nadenigned ^before' l^^Aoon Saturday, March
Joseph M, Sullivan, assistant employment Manager of the Detriut Edison (jofaipany; Detroit, Mich., willltnterview SCB,' EEj^ and a few GhE seniors as w^ll ak a fetir graduates majoring id phykick nk Mofida^^i 'Aprfl fi.
Christian Foundation Student: Sunrise service Plan Sunday morning at Happy Hollow, leaving 126 Chauncey at 6:80 a. m. Call Hubert R^bdlds at 4898 for 16 cent breakfast reservations by Saturday noon, March Id, ^ ' —REYSOUlS.
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 28 and April 1. TheSe dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of $6 for each 24 hour period or friictibn thereof missed, —fishSr
Notices
No Mtiow win be aoeoptod ofUr ■ p.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, Mardi 19, in room 264 of the EE Buildini^t 7:80 p, m. / IXCUl^Ro
Garden Club: Meeting Saturday, March 16, at 7:80 p. m. in room 269 Of the Union. X —racharach.
University Orchestra; Rehearsals with the choir for members of the orchestra for “Seven Last Words” are scheduled as follows : Saturday afternoon, March 16, at 2:00 Monday afternoon, March 18, at 4:00. —RAGANS.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a roller skating party on Friday night, Maxeh 16, Tickete are 26 cents and are free to those whft oars. Please sign up «t the
Aeromodelers: Meeting Friday, March 16, at 7:80 p. m. m qlub room of Union. Discussion on indoor gliders in connection with contest March 11: also reports on future contest plrOgram.
GOING HOME FOR EASTER? Take a distincHve gifi box of "Renn House" original candy cookies, bome-made' and ar^lsfically decorated— ’ ’ STUDENT SPECIAL $1.00 Place Your Order Now. Phone 3903
^ake Perfection There's something about our cakes that's responsible for their amazing reputation. We use the finest ingredients in them — but more than that, we think we have the knack for making them in that "perfection" way. Try one for your dinner.
Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^
3>044>Ue Ute^
$
200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
' OR
100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
' OR
100 MONARCH SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES PRINTED WITH YOUR NAME AND ADDRESS OR MONOGRAM. Are you having any fun? Do you get a "kick" from writing? you will, if you use RYTEX TWEED-WEAVE. A smooth writing surface for better "pen performance" . . . smart shades of paper . . . Gumdrop Pink, Bon-Bon Blue or Coral White. And there's a size for everyone . . . the large Monarch Sheet for th0 ''head of the house" . . . the classical Double Shekt or the indispensable Single Sheet... for Another . . . Susan or Aunt Louise! Buy a box for everyone at this low price! ' HAYWOOD'S
5th and Ferry
Lafayette
M ■ set A makeup flnal tmt men teeeiving grades in my divbions of M Z 80 last term will be given Saturday, Mardi 16 at 1 p. m. Ill M E 118. —qOPB. W A A: Final matches in ping-pong and shuffle board tournament must ie played off Iv Friday, Alansh 18. —HOLDEN. 4-H Club Party: All committee members meet in 4-H office on Friday, March 16, at 4:15 p. m. —DE tA. CROIX.
Epfseogal Sradurtss
Ssahnyy e be Union,
ehib tsflt
'‘Marihuana.'
-LYXSEL
PEW 58 aad 69: Meet Saturday, Mstdi 16, imdie conreethre yoom of,^ gyas as usual. L-KMfGBV,
Purdue Agriculturist: Important meeting of all departmental editors and the l^ard of managers in room 118, Agricnlinral Hall, Friday, March 16 at 4 p.im. —BRURRINK.
Pnrdne Student AUiance: Room 806 in the Union has been engaged for meeUngs
every Tuesday at 8 p. m.
(8-16)
—SMULEvrrz,
Gimlet: Very important meeting at SPE house Tuesday, March 19. Selection of pledges Wil^ be discussed. All members must be prteent. —FRAZEE Gold Peppers: Meeting for actives and pledges in room A of the Union today, Friday, iMbrah 16, at 4 p. m. —CREPPES.
Purdue AeradEsdetoss Therer Wllf her a glider contest Simdsor, March 17, at 1 p. ta. in the fieldhoUSA . —AENDED PEW Classes: Classes sriieduled to meet on Monday and Friday of tbte werii, March 11 and 16, at 9, 10, 11 a. m., report to Room 201 of the Edncatian building for a lecture oa.TfanrsdajvMsKeh 14 at 9 p. m., at 4 p. ni.; or oh Frid^, 'March IS, at S ’• , Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 4/34p. m. on Fridv, March 16, in mom 804 of the Union. Short program Is scheduled. —HpHCKEL.
Wesley Fanndation: Sunrise service on Paim Sunday, March 17. Leave the Foundation Hcftise at 7 ri!6. Breakfitet at 8 a. m. 10 c®nt8,, Please aigm up or_ caB 6261 for reservations. —McFADDBN.
Roger Williams Club: Meet at the Baptist Church at 6 a. m. Sunday, March 17, for the sunrise service. Call Rev. J. B. Gleason for reservations to the breakfast before Saturday noon. i —FINDLEY.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will reimrt on Saturday, March 16, by schoold as follows. Students whose names begin with: A-E> room 201 Civil Engineering Building; F-Le Room 101, Michael Golden Shops; Li-R, Room 264 Electrical Building: S-Z, Room 129 Electrical Building. ' ‘ i —KNAPP.
To Lutheran Students: A meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held in room 807 Of the Union at 7:15 p. m., Monday, March 18. Members are esiiecially requested tO be present, i > —HALL. Mixed Receation: No mixed recreation on Friday, March 16, because of Convo. —MATHER.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOB SALE—Typewritten^ An standard and poStehln mid. parchasad. 606 N«h> riryet. .. , . FOR KENT Rasa—Reat-A^Uaa Sarifea. Can tm aR occasions. Mia. 82.66 ^ idkdrt. Fhoao 71644,
ME Students: Friday, March 15, is last day for {applications for membership in ASME Membership now entitles seniors to free.transfer to junior membership, after graduation. —SMITH.
LOST AND FODIID Lost—Grueu wrist watch. Ghromium and white gold case. Keepsake. Bcfwnrd. Call 36663. Rasmussen. Lost—In Golden Shops—signet ring — If fonnd, call Pielsticker, 2501. Reward.
POPCORN Both Healthy Foods ICE CREAM
D/^D'S PLACE So Hsim^
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSIHESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
^pnn^
Just as smart as they're pictured here. Gentlemen's lounge and drape suits that bespeak the essence of fine tailoring, quality and fashion. Our ad1 i vance spring-showing includes every popular style and design on the new style front.
INC 316 State St. West Lafayette
PiMne 2l3f!(■*/ 4
1 , i L / u ' ' ‘ • 4 j w ' I s M , X '
PURDUE EXPONENT
Fridayt March 15, 1948
A Short Short Story
In the fall of 1905, Purdue beat Indiana’s football team by a score of 27-0. That same night, University students broke into the locomotive museum, took the bell, which from 1877 to 1900 had announced class hours from atop the heating plant, and improvising a carriage for it, paraded triumphantly through town. That night a tradition was bom. On Monday, March 4, 1940, Piggy Lambert’s boys added another Big Ten crown to the University collection by whipping Illinois in the final and decisive game on their own floor. That same Monday, March 4, a student body gone mad with joy broke into the Bell house and once again paraded triumphantly through town and back with the Victory Bell in tow. Wednesday, March 6, an editorial appeared in our columns condemning the action of those students and calling to mind the tradition behind the ringing of the Victory Bell. Thursday, March 14, we checked on that tradition. Here’s the results. Quote: “The Victory Bell should be rung for all victories.” End quote. Those are the words of Miss Blanche Miller of the Library staff and the class of ’07, donors of the Bell. Quote: “In my 15 years here the Victory Bell has nearly always been rung for basketball games with Indiana and Illinois as well as football games. We make use of it entirely too little.” End quote. Those are the words of Noble Kizer, athletic director of the University. Well, that’s short and it’s sweet, and it should settle once and for all the question of when to ring the Victory Bell. The answer, in case you’ve missed the point, is YES for ALL victories. Exponent, Gimlet, or President Roosevelt to the contrary. Congratulations to the boys who, whether they knew it or not, upheld the spirit of our tradition. We can use a little more of that type of spirit. When we win LET’S RING THAT BELL. —D. K. H.
?£im, and. dia/c By GeorKuinna Schilling: Tonight is the night of one of the year’s Big Three dances—^the Sophomore Cotillion. Pinky Tomlin’s band will play for dancers and a typical sophomore couple, Ginny Diehl and Chuck Brandt, will be introduced to the Cotillion-goers. They will present the pledges to Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary for eds, H &H On Saturday night of this week, members of Pi Beta Phi sorority and their dates will have a formal dinner-dance in the North ballroom of the Union. On the s4me night Cary Hall lads and their dates will
dance in Northwest Cary Hall to the music of their own Cary Club band. Also set for Saturday night is the SAE informal radio dance at the chapter house from 9 to 12. H & H Then comes the period of rest and relaxation, the Easter holidays. Home again to—^well, home again. But in one short week, we will return and on Friday night of our homecoming week PIA members will take over the ballrooms for their spring dance (that is April 6). On April 6 Delta Tau Delta members will have an informal dance at Turkey Run as a part of their houseparty week-end. H & H With all these things in view, you glump, take heart again, and look ahead.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
• Dairy Products
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Jewelers
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 119 Vi Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
DR. C. E. SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 4781 LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Florists
• Rest. Supplies
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050 ^
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col. St. Phone 6405
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP CXIFFEE 5c
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTOI’4 HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
But Incidentally— By Vladimir We just can’t go around being observant all the time, but lately we’ve been neglecting even a little bit of keeping our eyes open. I * ^ 4We have, however, noticed that the sophomores are being very wise. Instead of choosing a queen, says the Exponent, they are choosing a typical couple. Maybe someone else then has noticed the fact that kept us up in the air for four years. Purdue “queens” have long been typical. gt gc Take that any way you want. * * Hi About two weeks ago, when the Thursday night marriage course was holding its only lecture-discussion period on “birth control” and allied subjects, several interesting remarks were made. After a slight discussion of sterility, one student raised his hand to ask, “Can sterility be transmitted by heredity?” * * Think it over, sonny. * * * Column space is getting short, but, nevertheless, we want to mention the Cary Hall boy who had a trade dinner date with one of the co-eds higher up on the Exponent staff. * * * According to her, he prepared for the date all after-
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Inakgr Knter4»4M«f W. B. SnlUi BurinaM l(«iuit«9r D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, arinr editor; E. U. Antonini, eenior advertlBlna mai>oKor; 6. SchlUlnff. co-ed editor: B. JenUna, aporta editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Bniased aa aeeoad tfaaa mattar aS tha peal aOlea is Lafayette, Tndlawa. nndar Uia aeS ad Consreaa ed Marek 8,, 187^ and at Um apeelal rata ed poetasa pcovidod far is aee&n 1108, act of Oetober 8. 1817, aBtkoriaod Jasnary t8. 1881. Pobliahed dally aowept Monday dsriau tha lecslar aeademie year and weekly darinu the Smnaear Bieekin. Daltreced locally by carrier fw f8.88 per year, wail saheerlption 88.88. j Bepresented for national advertieinu by National Ad▼ertieiner Service, Ine., CoUese Pabltehan Bepreaentativea, 480 Madison Ave., New York. N. T. Ail nnalBned editorials are written by tha editorial dlreetor. Night Editor, Heiple Issue Editor, Skallemp Day Editor, Canroll Friday, March 16, 1940.
IP)M
noon. He had read an item of hers about ed dress and dressed accordingly. He quoted, word for word, her three latest published articles. He found out where her home town was, and finding that it was remotely connected with an old Greek legend, he reviewed the legend and sprang it on her that evening. He investigated and found that she planned to cover Playshop for the Exponent after the trade dinner and arranged to get two seats so that he could escort her and sit with her. When it was over he suggested that she let him have a Cary Hall frosh write up the story for her while they drift off somewhere. * * * “Oh,” we said, when she finished telling us, “the perfect date, huh?” “No,” she said, wistfully.
mi
B & W Shoe Co. 121 North Fborrii St.
AND iOP
HERE’S WELCOME NEWS TO EVERY MAN AT PURDUE!
NOW
OjjUl ^xhmdad! TIME PAYMENT PLANS NO Interest OR Carrying Charge
2 NEW BUDSET PLANS Designed to Suit Every ones Needs
60-Day Plan Select Any Suit or Topcoat In Our Store
10-Pay Plan Select Any Suit or Topcoat In Our Store
PAY
ONLY
*5
DOWN
BALANCE IN TEN EQUAL WEEKLY PAYMENTS Example: You purchase a $30.00 Suit, Tuxedo, or Topcoat, pay $5.00 down. Pay balance $2.50 per week for 10 weeks.
PAY ONLY
Vi
DOWN
BALANCE IN TWO EQUAL MONTHLY PAYMENTS Example: You purchase a $30.00 Suit, Tuxedo or Topcoat, pay $10.00 down and the balance $10.00 on each of the two following months.
REMEMBER; No Interest or Carrying Charges!
We Invite You to use This Convenient Service
USE OUR PLAN! And Make Your Clothing Selection From Among These Famous Clothes: • KUPPENHEIMER • HART, SCHAFFNER & MARX • GEISLER’S VARSITY • CLIPPER CRAFT • ROCKINGHAM You Can’t Find Better Quality or Finer Tailoring Anywhere!
No Embarra^ing Questions or Red Tape; All Business Confidential
(iS’