wmmMrnrnsmmmmmm ' • u ^ V' ' •'
Thb Paper Is Fr^e To Everyone On Campjus Take One!
' • . : ' .. j.J, ■ v ‘
Volume 5, No. 6
Friday, June 27, 1941
Two Ag Faculty Changesv^™^^
Adopt Daylight Saying Time
Announced By President
L E. Hoffman Takes Post Of f. A. Goleman Two important changes in ^ Unive:^ity faculty personnel were announced yesterday hy President E. C. Elliott. Thomas A. Coleman, University director of agricultural extension and state leader of Indiana county agent since this work was started in this state in 1913, has been granted a yearns leave of absence after which he will retire completely from his duties at the University. He will be succeeded July 1 by Leroy E. Hoffman, associate leader of county agents, wh6 will become the associate director of extension and leader of agents. Dr. Z. M. Smith, known to thousands of 4-H club members and vocational agriculture high school ^students throughout the state, is retiring on June 30 from his positions of state 4-H club leader and state supervisor of vocational agriculture education. Succeeding Dr. Smith as state 4-H club leader will be Harry Ains--worth, at present associate state 4-H leader, it was stated, while the' j position of state supervisor of vocational agriculture education has not been filled yet. Coleman, active in Indiana farm circles for nearly 40 years, a past district governor of Kiwanis, is widely known over the state because of his work as' head of the county agent system and addresses before various agricultural and business groups. He taught school in his native Rush county for five y;ears after studying agriculture at the University. Then came 15 years as manager of the home farm in Rush county, during which time he was one of the organizations of the Indiana Corn Growers’ Association and one of its first presidents, an organizer and pi’esident of the Livestock • Breeders’ Association, farm institute speaker, and active in behalf of farm legislation. He came to the University and organized the present system- of county agent work which serves Indiana agriculture. Coleman plans to return next week to his Rush county farm where he has outstanding herds of pure-bred cattle and'hogs. Hoffman likewise is” widely and favorably known over the state because of far-flung activities since he was graduated from the School of Agriculture in 1918. As agricultural agent of Jay county, he was called to Purdue as assistant county agent leader aiyi has helped direct the_program in the Hoosier state since that time. In addition to his work as assistant county agent leader, Hoffman also directed the educational phases of the AAA farm program in this state. He was bom and rea^-ed 6n a farm near Millersburg in Elkhart county. Mr, Smith has served longer in his two capacities tha anyone in the nation in a similar position. He attended Purdue, Indiana,' Chicago, and-DePau-w tmiversities and served for 11 years as school teacher, principal, and superintendent. Since 1912, when he became a member of the Purdue agricultural extension service staff, he has headed up the Indiana 4-H 'club movement. In ' 19T5; he accepted the a^ded duties of the state supervisor of -yocational agricultural education, a program which since then has gro-wn to a high school staff of agricultural teachers numbering ^85 men. Dr. Smith will continue to serve part time as associate state 4-H club leader. Ainsworth, a University of Illi(Contii^ed on p^ge 2)
T. A. Coleman_
Retires From Staff L £. Hoffman ...
4-H Club Leader Retires H. F: Aiiisworth
University students will set their alarm clocks ahead one hour be- ' ginning Sunday morning at 1 o’clock. Following the adoption of daylight sa-ving time by the Lafay- ■ ette City Council Wednesday night, the West Side Council mfet yester- , day morning -at 11:30 and passed the advanced time measure. The TPresideiit’s office yesterday issued n statement to the Exponent officially confirming the assumption that the school would go on daylight time at the same time as Greater Lafayette, Mayor Dwight S. Keim, of West Lafayette, yesterday issued a statement declaring that after the Council had unanimously adopted daylight saving time for the period from Sunday at 1 a. m. until October 1 at 1 a, m. Thus when University students return to school next Fall,' they will still be losing one hour of sleep. Following is the complete statement of Mayor Keim: “Whereas a state of emergency exists in the United States requiring the conservation of electricity and, “Whereas, the city of Lafayette has taken similar action, and to make for a uniform standard of time in the community, “Now therefore, by virtue of authority , granted me by the constitution of the State of Indiana, I do hereby proclaim that the City of West Lafayette, Indiana, shall, commencing at 1 o’clock a. m., June 29, 1941, adopt Central Daylight Saving Time as the official and regular time for said city which standard of time shall continue until terminated as provided by resolution or mandate. “Witness my hand and official seal at West Lafayette, Indiana, this 2flth day of June, 1941. (Signed) DWIGHT S. KEIM, Mayor.
Hank Messer Plays Tonight In Union For Third Mixer
Hank Messer
New Ag Extension Leader Z. A, Smith..
Classes Recessed Saturday, July 5 “No classes Saturday, July 5.” That was the announcement from the President’s office yesterday afternoon. Thus the recess for Independence Day, Friday, July 4, will be extended until Monday morning. Penalty dates have been made Thursday, July 3, and Monday, July 7. A five dollar fine will be assessed for absence during all or a fraction of each penalty date. *
Credit Cooperatives Discuss Informative Methods At Meeting Secretary-treasurer and directors of five Indiana Production Credit Associations meet on the University campus today to discuss methods of informing members and nonmembers of the low cost dependable credit sei'vice made available to responsible farmers by the co-opera-tive credit association. Representing the Production Ci^edit Corporation of Louisville, ' Ky., at the conference will be W. F. Gahm, president; E. R. Raymond, secretary, and Robert Wilson, assistant secretary. It was pointed out at a meeting yesterday that farmers -will find the associations ready to meet their sound credit needs for funds with which to finance the increased production of milk, eggs, and other* items required by the Nation’s Food-for-Defense program. Associations represented at today’s meeting are Lafayette, Green- • castle, Huntingburg, Muncie, Peru.
Fort Knox's 'College Soldiers' Get First Taste Of Real Firing
Editor’s Note: This is the second of a series of articles from the Exponent correspondent at the ROTC training camp at Port Knox, Ky. These articles will delineate the day-by-day life of the trainees and attempt to give an insight into the thoughts and experiences of the students.
New Head of 441 Work
As the 831 college students start their field traijimg as America’s future officers, they begin to realize, something of the scope of the national defense program-. We make scarcely a ripple op the surface of a sea of 56,000'men in arms around us, yet a year from now we shall be commanding ipany of these men or others like them. That is enough to make tts feel our responsibility, and it is brought home to us by the intensive training we pre giyen. We started firing Monday, a full two weeks ahead of the • regular time. It’s not too pleasant fpr us, but the Fifth Corps Area maneuvers start immediately after bur two week firing period, and we must be off the-range by them. ' So, for hour after hour, we sit in a blazing sun listening to lec-
tures on the conduct of fire, communications, and instrument^ We ^ spend .more hot, sweaty hours struggling with our guns, and more dusty hours driving our trucks over the terrible, dirty, rutlined, chuck-holed roads of Port Knox. The mud that greeted us on our arrival has turned to dust. It's ever3rwhere. On, our clothes, in our eyes,*’ and choking our throats. Yet soldiers must be neat and clean. It was a good feeling when we first heard the crack of a gun, fired by our own hands, and. saw it jerk in recoil. The real thrill wifi come next week when we get our first firing o'n the 76’a, They ape the old standbys seen, every day by University students around the armory apd for years were the backbone of the army’s artillery. They are. now being replaced by the new 105 mm. howitzers used so effectively by-^ Uitlej’s forces in their fast-moving divisions. The training received on these’ 76’s is invaluable, however, for it easily can be adapted to the newer field pieces. We will enjoy it when, we first pull the lanyards on one of our “pets.”
Leadership School, Vocational Teachers Continue Meetings ^ Discuss Rural Church Recreation Activities. i -The 27th annual conference of Indiana teachers of vocational agriculture and. the 13th annual Rural Leadership School continued their separate and point Meetings at the University yesterday, discussing the rural community, re-valuating rural recreation, and reviewing the rural church, particularly its part in a rural recreational program. The meetings are scheduled to continue^ through tomorrow for the leadership school and throughr Friday for the agriculture teachers. At a meeting of the “Ten Year Club,” composed of vocational agriculture teachers who have taught ten years or longer, Paul Imel, Monro-via, was elected president, succeeding D. S- Dyson, Summit-* ville. Archie Burnett, Paragon, was named vice-president, while W. V. Kolb, Anderson, was re-elected sec-retary-treasurer. The following new members were initiaijed into the “Ten Year Club”: K. R. Becker, Spencer; Albert H. Hermance, Knox; Harry Hauchell, Austin; W. E. Adamson, Decatur Central; E. H. Baker, Newport; Nelson M. Cook, Bourbon; Keith Elsbury, Greenfield; Milford W.' House, Royal Centre; and Raymond Spropt, Southport. Last night Dr. Z. M. Smith, state supervisor of vocational agriculture education, who is retiring from that position pt the end of this month, 'was honored by the vocational teachers at a s^pecial banquet. He was presented a beautifully bound album of the signatures of the perspns who have served with him since 19X3, when he became state supervisor. Mrs. Smith was presented a large bouquet of flowers. Over Custodians Attend Short Course t >• Approximately 200 school custodians attended the University’s annual custodian’s short course here Tuesday and Wednesday. The conference was directed by Prof. GeorgV H. Bush of the Division .^of Education and Applied Psychology, The two day school included such subjects as sanitation, roof repairs, heating plant operation, floor maintenance, and temperature control.
Dancing From ' 9 Til I Mid night Admission $1 One of the collegiate Midwest’s most popular dance bands, Hank Messer, will ap- " pear tonight in the north Union ballroom for the third mixer of the sumn^^r session. Dancing will start at 9 o’clock and continue through midnight. The usual mixer admission of one dollar per couple will be in effect. / The band, whose trademrk is “Sweet swing especiallyTor you,” features feminine vocalist Jerry Ewart and Les Magill on the celeste. Messner himself arranges all the music used by the band. Now appearing at Ideal Beach, the band Recently has had engagements at nightclubs and hotels throughout the Middlew'est a^ well as on the campuses of Purdue, University of Illinqis, McMurray College, James Millikin University, and Illinois Wesleyan. ^Speech Classes To Hear Lecture Teachers enrolled in the University summer speech and hearing clinic wiU hear a special lecture this afternoori at 1 o’clock on the functioning of the speech mechanism. Dr. Raymond Calvert, Lafayette otolaryngologist, will speak to the speech, correction and lip-reading classes, showing special slides of the speech producing mechanism in the throat. - During his lecture. Dr. Calvert will exhibit high speed motion pictures of the vocal cords. Made in ^ the Bell Telephone laboratories, the pictures were taken, at a speed of more than two thousand frames per second. They will show in close detail how the, vocal cords vibrate to form sound. All students enrolled in the University may attend the lecture, speech clinic officials emphasized. Housemothers Elect Officers; Continue Annual Short Course Problems in maintaining fraternity and sorority houses Were discussed yesterday before the 136 housemothers attending the annual training school for housemothers by 'Miss Naomi McGuire of the University’s woman’s remdence hall staff. Dr. Knight, head of the Division «f Education and Applied Psychology, spoke on “Understanding Ourselves.” . The housemothers attending- the short course, which, will end July 11, have organized in order to maiutjkin contacts after completion of the training session. Officers were elected as follows: North Hall: Mrs. Emma Throckmorton, Gulfport, Miss., president? Mrs. Lola Tipton, Syracuse, N. Y., vice-president; Mrs. P. Raymond Jenkins, Des Moines, la., secretary^, and Mrs. Edward Shoetker, Bloomington, treasurer. South Hall: Mrs. Mary Rheam, Tulsa, Okla., ]6resident j Miss Teresa SuHivann Grand Rapids, Mich., vice^. president; Mrs. E^^Wisca, St%t« lege. New Mexied, secretary; and Mrs. Paul-West, Des Moines, Ia,» treasurer.
- ;c
V.
im^aipL 2—£dHA,
Friday, June 27. 1941
fiiVuluiL £xfiomnL
Jxmsibj Jalk
The Dying Call For Blood Probably the most pitiful story of the war,^ was reported Wednesday by the Associated Press from Madrid. Madrid, the city blasted and torn a thousand times by fascist military might, the last place in Spain wliere free men could live before the men of Franco won their revolt, was the scene of an angry demonstration by ten thousand starving men, shouting “On to Moscow.” They wanted war with Russia. Today this country without a decent thing left, with all its population starving, with its government inept and vacillating, millions of its countrymen dead after a civil war, is shouting for more blood. On the streets of Valencia, Barcelona, Albacete, those glorious Spanish fascists who have pillaged and raped their own country are now yelling for more murder and .shrapnel, and cordite with which to blow out their own brain-s and anyone else’s. The pitiful Spain, where men are no longer men but beasts yelling for ever more blood to drown their defeated, despairing souls, may be of more than academic interest. It may be the fate of all Europe. Stop Appeasing Japan! It is refreshing to know thereCsits in the Kremlin a human being just like all other men. No longer does a shroud of hate and fear and doubt hide Joseph Stalin. He made a gigantic gamble—and lost. He is neither infallible nor invincible. He is just a man playing a game, and not a very good game. Since 1939 he has toyed with power diplomacy and Adolf Hitler, and now he is on our side of the fence. What ever the ethics of old Joe, or whatever our own queer ethics, we cannot afford now to pick and choose whom we want on our side. The President has rightly said that the United States will aid Russia with every resource that is not earmarked for our army or for Britain. That raises the question of what Washington intends to do about rationalizing our hypocritical attitude toward Japan. There is no more good feeling today between Russia and the Nipponese than there was in 1905 when the little upstart Japanese nation defeated imperial Russia. With the Bear fighting for its life in front of the Urals, J^pan could wisely use this time to move south into Indo- ■ China, Burma, the Dutch East Indies, and perhaps the Philippines. If that happens it will be Japanese bombers flying on American gasoline, and it will be Japanese shells with the stamp of Pittsburgh on them. President Roosevelt has taken great pains recently to ignore the tri-partite pact between Japan, Germany, and Italy. No condemnation of Japan is. made in the fireside chats, when axis funds were frozen they did not include the Japanese. Clearly it is the asinine old game of appeasement. The intellectual argument used by the administration to support this policy is that it will prevent Japan from e;^panding her war horizon. This as everyone knows has been a very successful policy. It kept Italy out of the war, it prevented Vichy from cooperating with Hitler, it won Franco in Spain over to our side. It is true that our navy is not ready to fight in two oceans, but it is ready to fight in one, and if Britain is around to help out in the ' Atlantic there is no reason that we should grovel before Japan and send her raw materials and send China encouraging words.
The Purdue Exponent I Entered as second class matter at the post office m Lafayette, Indiana, undei the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage piovided for in Section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, anthorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J.'l. TKAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: B. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471
In the Good Old Summer Time \ you can be comfortable and look prim if you depend on CROWN to look after your summer clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits. Crown Laundry riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEf Top of the Hill, On the Corner
Sunday In The Q^ih And Bear It Churches -
by Lichty
The Fifth Column
Well Hitler has finally turned on old Joe his muscovite friend. And is advancing on Moscow along a 2,000 mile fiont. It seems^he became a little tired of doing all the wbrk and then splitting the swag with his bolshevic neighbor and after his usual demands of . . . Fifty for forty or fight. * * * He’s fighting. ^ i: * The whole business present an interesting sidelight however. The m’am question being whether you hate Adolph enough to like Joe. Or just hope they both choke. t ^ Recent innovations in the Russian army should be of some help to Joe though. After the cold reception he leceived m Finland. Nowadays thg piivate has to salute the officers and keep his nose out of staff meetings. In addition to charging . . . Without holding a vote first. * * >> Funny thing about Russia. It’s too big for everybody but Russians. That’s where Napoleon started downhill. We can picture Adolph’s legions retreating from Moscow on a thousand mile hike home. With der furher himself at their head, his mustache encrusted with snow and ice . . . And muttering “Nichevo.” « * « The thing that worries us the most though is that with this new spread of the war . . . Where do we get our vodka? 4> « * Of course if Stalin’s stalwarts save the day there will be vodka enough for everybody. But if he (feesn’t all we get is an oversupply in the labor market. And a 1 evolution in this country. As the commissars take over the count’s jobs . . . As waiters in our Russian restaurants, dkh
Appeasement will defeat itself because it makes the fatal error oftrying to exchange iron and steel weapons for good will. Good will and sweetness are unfortunately just not in men’s hearts when they order munitions. We are now sending Japan 1,500,000 barrels of oil a month and countless other supplies. It is not the fault of the traditional boggy men, the munition makers and the oil companies, it is the fault of our flaccid State Department. Perhaps it is too much to ask that we stop being hypocrites, but at least we can cease being fools and cut off unilaterally our war exports to Japan. Since face saving is so all important in the Far East, there is no reason that our State Department cannot devise a way of doing this without searing Japanese prestige and force her to war immediately. It could be done by pleading that all materials are needed for our own national defense, which, God knows, is true. At any rate let us stop this sniveling, rotten appeasement.
The summer schedule of Sunday services at the First Methodist Church is announced as follows: Church School, 9 to 10 a. m ; Public Worship service, 10:10 to 11 a. m. This schedule will begin next Sunday, June 29, and will continue through July and August Next Sunday morning, during the church school hour, Dr. C 0. Lee of the School of Pharmacy will teach the class for summer school students. At the hour of worship, the pastor of ^Flrst Church, Dr. Otto Scott Stee® will preach on “Religion and Life.”
AIR CONDITIONED ESSiafaeggaSHwrfa
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
inruoifBAiuiiG OEOROI BARBIIR RKO RADIO PIctur* — PLUS —
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY, 11 P. M.
The Funniest Picture They've Ever Been In! JAMES STEWART ROSALIND RUSSELL — IN — 'NO TIME FOR COMEDY'
healthfully cool LUMA Today - Saturday—2 hits Richard Arlen - Andy Devine lUflMYinlU
PLUS
ItuSMEmiTEERS
1#'
*t«S
i
ROBERT Liy|NGSTON
-SUNDAY - MONDAY—
«gsicu
ADDED ATTRACTION "ASH CAN FLEET" Dramatic Story of Four Sub-Chasers
If ' '
1041 Chicago Times Ine. Reg U 8 Pat. Off AM Rts Rea
6-20
‘Say—If your boy friend was just made a sergeant, maybe HE hasn’t got a friend!”
Two Ag
(Continued from page 1) nois graduate, has served as vocational agriculture teacher at Mt. Summit and Kmghtstown high schools before accepting a position on the state club staff at Purdue in 1926. In recent years, he has been active in the Rural Youth movement in addition to his 4-H leadership work.
Along “Cauliflower Alley,” which is a line of cigar stores on New York City’s Tenth Avenue whose proprietors are boxing promoters and enthusiasts, there lives a very strange person. His name is “Evil Eye” Finkle. His job is to sit in a fighter’s comer and put the “hex” on his opponent. And Pinkie actually gets paid for it. Furthermore he is usually successful.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
That Scarletf Woman Is Here Again! JUUtlm ^ JlauAj^Hce. teH*oiivm
Starts SUNDAY
mmetu
HEALTHFULLY COOL
-TODAY - SATURDAY—
THOSE "BUCK PRIVATES" are ALL AT SEA!, ——— iSu” ^ ABBOTToadCOSTtUO ^ DlCKPOWtlt 'ihaANDREWS SKW l^daireDodd DickForan
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
Starts s^mmv ■Hr HEALTHFULLY COOL\
■ ^
PuJuiusL ^xpomnL
Fridayf June 27, 1941
^aqsLi
Grin And Bear It
byLichty WBAA
6:00 Concert Strings 6:30 Music of the Day
¥ #•
FEIDAY, JUNE 27 11:00 Rural Leadership School 12:00 Ag. Forum 12U.5 Sports Review 12:30 Meet the Band 12:45 Markets 1:00 Afternoon Melodies 1:16 Chapter a Week 1:30 Better Vision 1:46 Monitor Views the News 2:00 Mary Louise Switzer, pianist 2:16 Music 2:30 Theatre of the air 2:46 Parade of Business 3:00 Music 3:30 Meet Your Voice 3:46 Music 4:00 Classics Matinee 4:30 Music
11:00 11:16 11:30 12:00 12:16 12:39 12:46 1:00 1:30 1:46 2:00 2:16 2:30 2:46 6:00 6:30
SATURDAY, JUNE 28 Carolyn Wood, singer Just Kids Music Markets ✓ Woman Shopper Meet the Band Tune Time, Charlie Powell Radio Stage Music Monitor Views the News Stamp Club Alberta Schmadel The Army Speaks Afternoon Music Concert Strings Music of the Day
Emory college at Oxford, Ga., forerunner of Emory University in Atlanta, was founded in 1836.
^‘While you’re fixing the displays, pile that golf stuff around the Prescription Counter—this time of year doctors usually prescribe a lot of golf!”
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR SUMMER BALLROOM CLASSES BEGINNER'S TODAY 6:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ENROLL ADVANCED TODAY, 7:45 P. M. 8 LESSONS $5.00 SUMMER RATES PHONE 2150 OR 6215
ALLEN'S
6th & FERRY
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M C "Red".Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
School Supplies DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
-V LAFAYETTE yiRsmioL LIBRARY LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - 10c MINIMUM
It’s all-star cast from start to finish. We have no room in our organization for Grade B cleaning. You, too, will rate four stars for cleaning clothes, better, quicker, cheaper than you’ve ever seen before, > Men’s Suits Cleaned and Pressed —65c—
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Preserve The Interior And Exterior of your house with Pittsburgh Paints Complete line of Wall Paper, moderate priced— Glass for all purposes. HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
So I^ILVSL jcl ^tsumfL?
Then let a competent galrage meqhanic squeeze the difficulties out for you ... When your car starts acting badly don't think you have a lemon. Any of the competent automobile mechanics at Pete Anderson's can iron out your difficulties, thus J^aking your car a sweet, smooth-running chariot. So don't think you "have a lemon" when your car breaks down. Drop In or Call Peter Anderson Company "After You We ComeTirst" 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
Three Reel Tragi-comedy? The Sub Series 'O' (From ther Daily Illini) Open Letter To Prank Knox: It is small consolation, Mr. Knox, to know that the 33 officers and men aboard the U. S, submarine 0-9 died ‘'in a hazardous line of duty.” But yoii are absolutely correct, Mr. Secretary of the Navy, in describing their occupation. Submarine work is hazardous enough—the navy recognizes this by paying higher wages to the crews—without making the work more hazardous by send* ing the men down in'an obsolete 23-year-old reconditioned submarine. Of course some of the leaks may have been soldered up before Friday’s ill-fated dive, but one crew member had written his father that two weeks ago the ship had “submerged in only two feet of water and they found she had 19 leaks.” The Associated Press reported that the trio of 0-subs were so obsolete that navy authorities had difficulty recalling construction and equipment details. Another bereaved father yesterday received a letter from an 0-9 member relating that the craft had “behaved badly” during test runs and that “everything was wrong” with the submarine during test dives. Leaks Indicate Conditions Now we out at the University of Illinois do not profess to be submarine experts, among niany other things. But to even the most radical minds, it would not appear logical to use a submarine that had 19 leaks under only two feet of water. Whether or not it still had these leaks two weeks later is of little moment. But—and this is a strong but— if the submarine was in such bad shape as to have that many leaks, there surely wodld be more major things ready to “go’* under any considerable strain. Leaks are probably minor things in a submarine. But leaks and “bad performance” are surely no “Okehs” for a two-hour test dive. Personally, we feel that the remaining two 0 series submarines—and you can call them subs, for they do go down— are two fine specimens of scrap iron that we can afford to send to Japan. When first we heard of the use of 23-year-old subs which had lain idle for 10 years, we remarked that we’d hate to have a nickel on board those ships. Instead, we of the Middlewest had part of the CTew and the commanding officer on board. C. 0. Lt. Howard J. Abbott was from Osceolo, low^ Now we find that you, Mr. Knox, declare that if salvage is impossible” some sort of service” will be performed over the deaths in which the missing submarine lies. That’s very nice of you, sir. We, however, have a better idea for a service— taking the men off the remaining two O stlbs and putting them on shore duty. Now we find that you have stated that the 0-9 incident will “not affect the future use by the navy of the old type of undersea craft.” MUST we use these submarines, Mr. Knox? We can see how in time of war you could conceivably request a man to sit on and steer every torpedo to its target. But we are in no war and no enemy fleet is steaming toward us. Let’s Drydock Them What say we just bolt together and oil up the two O subs, haul them up on shore so they won’t get all wet inside, and then call for volunteers in case of “actual emergency?” It isn’t nice to be sarcastic in such a serious matter—and it is serious to us—^but perhaps a bit of scarcasm will drive home the point that we don’t want any more of our boys loaded into rusty, sardine fins and sent out to dive in 404 feet of salt water. We realize, of course, that you personally are not responsible for ordering the 0-9 to make its fatal dive. But with your statement that the use of 0 series subs will not be stoj^ped, when the sacrifice of 33 men has been made to give you every excuse for calling a halt, we believe that you personally have accepted responsibility for the crews on the other old submarines.
^flaid/UtfueceA, in, wax,— choMn, sApedallif, pA. tfou,! • The Hot Sot (of course) with Freddie Martin • For Want Of A Star—Harry James • Daddy—Sammy Kaye • I Tried—Eddy Howard • Time On My Hands——Benny Goodman • Pm Misunderstood — Will Bradley ' • Aurora—Andrews Sisters • Pm The Lonesomest Gal—Ella Fitzgerald • 1 Understand—King Sisters • Prelude In C Major—Artie Shaw • Kiss The Boys Goodhye—Bea Wain • Twepty-Four Robbers—Jimmie Lunceford • Blue Champagne—Jimmy Dorsey the largest stock of papul€fr and classicai aUmms in tho twin cities.
308-10 STATE ST. W6^ tAFAYETT^ iNpv
At I
A \ ■ , r%
V S'