* \DIp
4#
m
Purdue
x.1tf
/ *F VT^rtH AYl~f JLmMmnk Mm Jmmt m
Volume 5L No. 157
Ffideiy. Jl^ril 19, jit#
First-Nighters Acclaim
\\
Sweethearts" Opening
A Varsity show production, which is presented annually, was manged by the Board of Control insisting of William L. Beam, Jack W. Miller, John Dietrich, Joseph Ragains, A1 Stewart, Charles Hart, W. Roger Lindsey, Rosemary Robinson, Dick Thornton, and Sam Wells, Eighty-two members of a supporting cast included a dancing chorus of eight men and eight girls, and singing chorus of 16 men and 16 girls, and an orchestra of 21 campus musicians. The play was sponsored by the Purdue n^usical organizations and Playshop, and will be presented again tonight and tomorlow nights at 8 o’clock.
Dr. E. Strauss Talks To 75 Senior Girls At Marital Lecture
Annual Corps Inspedion Of Universify ROTC Unit Will Be Held May 9 and 10
senior women.
Annual Corps Area Inspection of the university ROTC unit will be held May 9th and 10th. Inspecting officers are Colonel Robert M. Milam and Majors J. A. Steers and F. E. Kaufman. Milam and Kaufman are on active reserve duty in Lafayette, while Steers is on similar duty in South Bend. On the afternoon of the 9th, two Brigades of Artillery, the largest Field Artillery ROTC unit in the United States, yill pass in review before Major General David L. Stone, commanding general. Fifth Corps Area, Dr. Elliott, and the inspection officers. On May 10th, officeis will inspect cadet classroom work and general administration. The public is invited to witness this spectacle.
The second lecture of the series will be held next Thursday, April 25, at 7:30 in the women’s lounge. At that time. Dr. Mary E. Lee will speak on “The Emotional Side of Marriage.”
CO-ED HOURS
Beginning Monday, April 22, all co-eds will have 11 o’clock hours on week nights. Previous to this date freshmen co-ed night hours were 7:30 p. m. Friday, Saturday, and Sunday hours will remain unchanged. WSGA Judicial Board.
Attempt At Longest Bull Session On Record In 32nd Hour Of Jokes Smokes And Cokes
Talented Talkers Toil
In Titan tic Talkathon
When most of you start to read the morning edition of this paper over your coffee and doughnuts, Cary Hall’s perpetual boress will be well along in its 32nd hour. Started the night before last on the stroke of midnight in the lower lounge of North Hall, this gigantic bull session, designed not to end aM bull sessions but to propogate bigger and better ones, is already well on its way to fame and glory. Inspired with typical collegiatei resolution, the aim of the participants is to keep the discussion going as long as possible, even till finals. Headed by the Chairman of the Committee on Boress, Jim Davis, assistant personnel director, the, members have already made detailed plans for the continuance of the program with the greatest possible comfort to themselves and with an eye toward gleaning the greatest possible benefit from this experiment. Good Equipment Equipped with the latest design in stuffed furniture, the owlish young men begap their assault on time. Propped, plopped, and dropped around in concentric circles were the members of this round table discussion. And to any of y’all who hail from Missouri, we report that it will have to take more than the blackness of the night/and the cold of the winds to stop^tl^e conference in the subterranean j,ounge. At 3:30 two mornings ago there were 32 fellows left who Still had plenty to talk about. And they keep coming jn all the time. , Meals Problem It seemed at first as if meals would present a problem. But not for long. When the gong is rung
and everybody rushes to mess, the Committee on Boress merely removes the conference table to a dinner table and continues there. Even these loquacious gentlemen must eat—and do they. The first night they refreshed themselves about 4 in the morning with a litfJe coffee. This, of course, is now an established custom, and we have a Four O’clock Coffee Hour. Bring your dates ^d> dance to the music of the lyres. Perhaps tonight somebody will make a pan of fudge. All those who drift in or out sign the register which has been placed in the lounge. When it finally terminates, the hours of each man will be totaled and Purdue University will be able to crown a new king. Further bookkeeping by the ephyrs of Cary Hall will disclose fhe exact subjects which have been under discussion. At each witty remark or turning p^int in the conversation a little mote and a time statement is placed in the little black book. Tabulations When they are tabulated, the official “white paper” concerning the material covered should establish a criterion for all future bull sessions. For' e:!i:ample, if in the future a gfoUp fqils to discuss sex, politics, and war in the right proportions, they will b$ judged by all as being below par. Thus this experiment will have jts very definite part in bettering or battering the living standards of modern civiliation. No definite program or plan of action for future gatherings has been formulated. However, an open invitation has been extended to all faculty 'members to drop in for a chat. It is eve rumored that efforts are being made to get Prexy to address the conclave. Even Doc Miller might show up.
POMM Initisl'es
Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts,” presented by the Varsity Show of 1940, crashed to a smash hit in a first night performance in Eliza Fowler Hall last night. Including a cast of 17 principals, supporting singing and dancing choruses, and a university orchestra, the play effervesced from laughs in one scene /to heartbreaks in another.
At a formal initiation banquet held last hight in the Armory, Purdue Order of Military Merit initiated the following men. Seniors: Fugate, R. B.; Meeker, H. E.; Moller, C. G.; Molzahn, E. L.; Palikucha, G.{ Sanders, E. L.; Seale, R. P.; Spreuer, W. E. Juniors: Aull, L. E.; Carmichael, C. W.; Gilmore, L. D.; Golding, B.; Harvey H. E.; Hawes, H. V.; Hudson, J. W Keane, M. E.; Kittenring, K. N. Low, J. N,; McCammon, L. B. Marschke, L. 0.; Massey, R. G. Silcock, W. F.; Siljander, W; Sol litt, G. W.; Triplett, M, C.; Titus, J. C.; Ward, W. A.
Dr. Charles Van Riper
To Give Ledure Series
Approximately 75 senior women heard Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, noted Chicago physician, last night at 7:30 in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. Strauss who spoke on “Marriage as a Normal Relation” was introduced by Agnes McCulloch, secretary of WSGA. The talk last night was the first in a series of four marital lectures for
Speech Courses For Summer Announced
Dr. Strauss has spoken seven times on the campus, having addressed other senior classes on similar subjects. She is especially qualified to talk on marriage since she is not only a doctor herself, but the wife of a doctor, and the mother of three children.
Purdue Speech Clinic staff is going to present a special series of lectures to be given by Dr. Charles Van Riper, Director of the Speech Clinic at Western State Teachers College, Kalamazoo, Michigan. Dr. Van Riper has conducted many scientific investigations relating to young and adult stutterers, and is a national authority on the subject. He has also written several articles on the subject which have received favorable comment, including a book titled, “Speech Correction.” One of the principle tests used by the teachers enrolled in the Summer School Speech Correction Training Program will be his book on Speech Correction.
In addition the following other public school speech correctionalists will be present: Miss Jayne Shover, speech correction supervisor. East Chicago public schools and President of the Indiana Speech Correction Association; Miss Rhessa Routh, speech correction supervisor, Kokomo Public Schools; Ralph Lawson, speech correction supervisor, Peru public schools; Miss Marie Cagley, speech correction supervisor, Marion public schools.
Dr. Mack D. Steer, director of the Purdue clinic announces that a special Speech clinic for speech defective children will be open from June 10 to July 22. The courses to be offered for this coming summer will include: Modern Speech Correction, Teaching of Lip Reading, Experimental Phonetics, and Research Problems in Speech.
Peace Association
Hears Rabbi Simon
At 11 o’clock this morning, in the reception room of the Union building, the campus peace council will hold its first meeting. Speakers scheduled are Rabbi Simon and Bill Harris. The United Student Peace Committee is behind the organization on the local peace council, and the aim of this organization is to popularize peace on a nation-wide basis among college students.
The United Student Peace Committee opposes all steps to war since doughboys follow dough. It advises sanity for America’s future, and advises studying the papers for the truth in place of “headline mentality.” Increased NYA It proposes to fight for democracy at home by increased NYA appropriations and passage of the American Youth Act, It is in favor of strengthening civil liberty by maintence of I’acial, religious, and political minority rights. The United Student Peace Committee also goes on record as favoring optional ROTC and the furthering of international friendship by student relief, non-military and nonpartisan.
Faculty Members The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, April 22, at 4 p.m., in" Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
George Hall Dolly Dawn Will Entertain
Sellout Prom Crowd In Ballroom Tonite
PIA Band Approves Eleven Candidates
Astronomical Atmosphere With Mirrored Globe And
Tinsel Sars To Predominate In Blue Lighted 'Heaven'
For Executive Jobs
PIA board of executives approved a list of eleven candidates for offices on the PIA executive boatd which will serve their terms next year. The list includes: for presiident, John Due and Wayne E. Musser; for vice-president, WaiTen Archibald- and Bill Knepper; for Co-ed Executive, Warene Hoover and Joan LeBoeuf; for secretary, Leah Gluck and Patsy McFarland; and for treasurer, Edward Sopcak, Hobert Blosser, and Lawrence Hess. Election will be held next Wednesday in the great hall pf the Union. Only those who can show their passport and membership card will be allowed to vote. The ^oting willstart at ‘ 7:30 a.m. and continue throughout the day.
Tonight 4s prom night—when a date is practically a long term contract. From 10 p.m. to 5 a.m., prom-goers will dance to the melodies of George Hall, eastern hotel maestro in both Union ballrooms. Together with Hall will be his featured vocalist, Dolly Dawn, singing against her own special musical background, the Dnwn Patrol.
George Hall
Prof. Wohlenberg To Give Lectures
Decorations are to be based <hb an astronomical theme, with stars and sky scattered all over the place. The band backdrop will center around a huge mirrored sphere, to simulate the world, against a semicircular hanging of blue cloth. Topping the wainscoting that girds both ballrooms will be a strip of the same blue cloth thickly studded with glittering tinsel stars. To cap the scene and add a final touch to the atmosphere, all of the moulding lights in the ceilings will be a uniform blue.
Programs, swapped for ticket stubs, are of white leather embossed with a globe design. The flyleaf is silvered paper and the contents are printed on a mottled blue. Balfour did them.
On April 23 and 24
Professor Wohlenberg, of Yale University, will be the speaker for the second series of lectures on heat transmission to be given here at the University on April 23 and 24. Professor Wohlenberg is an authority in the fields of combustion and power generation, an engineer of wide experience, and the author of many articles in technical journals on radiant heat interchange and transmission. Two lectures will be given each day, at four p.m. and eight p.m. in room 207 of the mechanical engineering building. Professor Wohlenberg’s subjects on Tuesday, Api’il 23, will be “The Nature of Radiation and the Radiant Interchange Between Solids,” and “Spectral Distribution of the Energy and Radiation of Gases.” Next Day On Wednesday he will speak on “Equations Representing the Net Radiant Interchanges Occurring in Systems Involving Gases with Particles in Suspension,” and “The Energy Distribution in thd Pulverized Coal Furnace Cavity.” These lectures are open to all students, townspeople and faculty members who are interested.
. . . and his band, featuring the xsong styles of Dolly Dawn, will provide the music for the Prom tonight.
Passports stamped in the proper manner are absolutely essential to the gaining of admittance to prom.
Bernie Vance To Play For Post-Prom Mixer
Bernie Vance and his orchestra
will furnish the music for the postprom mixer tomorrow night in the norah ballroom of the Union. The mixer will be sponsored by the Purdue Republican Club. Dancing will
continue from 9 till 12 p.m.
J
A reception for all Republican candidates for governor will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union during intermission. The candidates will be introduced to the . dancers
during the dance.
The candidates who will be pres-
ent for the mixer are: Daniel Hogg, Fort Wayne; Clarence Benadum, Muncie; Glenn Hillis, Kokomo; William Jenner, Shoals; and Wil-
liam Emment, Shelbyville.
Fraternity booths will be located as follows: West wing lounge: Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Sigma Katppa, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Gamma Delta, Alpha Chf Rho, PIA, Faculty. Men’s lounge: Cary Club, Delta Tau Delta, Alpha Tau Omega, Alpha Gamma Rho, Triangle, Sigma Nu, Theta Xi, Beta Theta Pi, Pi Kappa Phi. Old lounge west of great hall: Phi Delta Theta, Sigma Chi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Acacia, Pi Kappa Alpha, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Alpha Sigma Phi. New lounge west of great halli Theta Chi, Phi Kappa, Kappa Delta Rho, Beta Sigma Psi, Theta Tau, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Tau Epsilon Phi, Delta Chi, Kappa Sigma, Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Tau.
Air Corps Examiners
Activities Entertain
New Initiates With
University Trustees Confer Over Budget
Banquet in Union
Consideration of the budget for the 1940-4X academic year, as well as a vast amount of routine business in connection with plans for the operation of the University, occupied the main attention of the University Board of Trustees at its regular quarterly meeting which came to a close Thui'sday afternoon. Leaves of^absence for a number of staff members for purposes of advanced study were authorized by the Board. Several acknowledgements to student loan funds already established were made. Record of the initial contribution of $432.00 for the Isabelle Price Memorial Student Loan Fund received from Miss Juanita Noble, of Los Angeles, California, was also made.
Gold Peppers, senior co-ed honorary, held initiation for 23 pledges at a meeting yesterday afternoon in the Union. Following the initiation, a dinner was given for the new initiates and actives in the Chestnut Room.
Meeting in Indianapolis until the 23i*d of this month, a travelling Air Corps Medical Board is examining applicants for the Army Air Corps. Applicants must be between the ages of 20 and 27, unmarried, and must have completed at least two years of work in an accredited col-
lege or university.
N. Kent Ellis
. , . of the University Horticulture department, spoke Thursday noon before the Lafayette Kiwanis Club on the methods and technique employed in framing Northern Indiana mucklands and the scientific work underway to study major muck crop production problems. An added feature of Ellis’ presentation was the showing of motion pictpres of planting, harvesting^ and marketing of various muck crops.
Entertainment at dinner was furnished by the initiates who presented a skit for the actives. The new actives received Gold Pepper paddles decorated with the familiar Gold Pepper insignia. New Initiates The new initiates are Genevieve Houser, Yvonne Holden, Margaret Terstegge, Betty Haas, Jean Jones, Marguerite Gustafson, Augusta Hite, Doris Gamble, Jane Fishleigh, Ruth Swift, Pauja Zwierlein, Joyce Burnham, Ruth Bryant, Georgia Carroll, Beth Simpson, Merle Hagemeyer, Jane Black, Ruth Bennett, Virginia Royce, Mary Jane Carr, and Thelma Bugher.
Successful applicants will be sent to one of ten civilian flying schoolSi, approved by the Air Corps, for three months teaining. They will be sent to Randolph Field, the Army’s “West Point of the Air,” at San Antonio, Texas, for six' months of advanced flying after completing the three month period. At the end of nine months their training will have been completed and the cadets will receive commissions as 2nd Lts. in the Air Corps Reserve. They may accept active duty with any tactical unit of the Air Corps for ahy period up to five years or they may return to their homes on an inactive status.
Prom Programs Approximately three hundred prom goers exchanged ticket stubs for programs yesterday. Programs may be obtained at the cashier’s office in the executive building at any time between 8 and 12 a.m., and I to 4:30 p.m. today and tomorrow.
Complete information on requirements for admission to Randolph Field and on the training given there may be obtained by addressing Elmer F. Straub, Adjutant General «f Indiana, Room 211, State House, Indianapolis.
AlfAa Sigma Phi
. . . social fraternity, annbnneea the pledging of Richard S, of St. Louis, Missouri. '•,■■; ■: - Hr' *':V:A ,
■ '\ .
i. '4
PUBD0E EXPONENT
Friday. April 19. 1940
t>,
Riveter Nine To Face Hoosiers Today
Squad Travels To Indiana Determined To Win Twin Bill Against Luck, Crimson Aiming to outwit the weather man and the dark clouds that have so obediently been pouring out grief to the Boilermaker diamond squad, the Riveter nine faces a dangerous Hoosier combination today at 4 o’clock. The game is the first of a weekend doubleheader played between the two teams on the Bloomington diamond. ,
The injury jinx visited the Boilermaker camp yesterday and picked out Bud Fisher, first-string receiver, as its chief victim. Fisher, a junior, is now in the hospital with a strep throat and will be unavailable for today’s tussle. However, there is a chance that the veteran backstop win perform in part of tomorrow’s contest. Eli Yeager will move up from his reserve spot to receive' during the first game, vfith Ernest Young, a sophomore used for utility duty in the infield and behind the bat, in the, number two spot.
Smithson May Not Play
Frank Smithson, junior firstsacker, reported to practice yesterday troubled with an infected peeper. In the event that Smithson is unable to play in his regular spot, Jim Eidgway or Wes Waterhouse
are both ready for duty.
Coach Fehring has named Bob Bailey, junior twirler, to start in today’s contest, which is the second Big Ten tilt of the season for the Riveter nine. In the conference opener Bailey limited the Hawkeyes to five singles but was defeated, 2
to 0.
Blanken or Higgins For tomorrow’s battle, Fehnng intends to pitch either Don Blanken or Gerald Higgins. This game is slated for 10 o’clock tomorrow morning, being played at that time in order to avoid conflict with the Hoosier relays for the afternoon.
Call For Entries In Campus Golf, Tennis Larry Imhoff of the Intramural department announced today that entries are being accepted for the all-campus golf and tennis tourneys. With the general student body, graduate students, and faculty all being eligible to play, a record entry is expected, exceeding even last fall when close to a hundred participated. All who are interested are urged to sign up immediately on the Intramural bulletin board. Golf Tourney Next Week K the weatherman ever realizes that winter was over one month ago, play in the golf tourney will start next week on the Lafayette Public Golf Course. Following a qualifying round, the pill chasers will be divided into flights of sixteen according to score. As a reward for their efforts, the winners and run-ner-up in each flight will receive medals. The all-campus champion will take home a beautiful trophy for his collection. Although it has not been definitely decided, in all probability the tennis tournament will also start next week. A trophy awaits the winner and a medal the runner-up in this meet. Unclaimed Articles Go On Sale April 26 Closing out sale! Everything must go! That is the cry of the Student Senate’s lost and found department. All articles which were found before April 12 will be sold if unclaimed by Wednesday, April 24, at 6 p.m. The sale will last from 10 o’clock Friday morning until 7:30 Saturday evening. All of the articles except text books will carry a price tag and sell at the marked
price.
Since the department was organized the middle of last October, it has collected some 1016 articles. Of this number, 469 still remain in the Senate office unclaimed and will be
sold.
Mrs. Athern . . . grand national treasurer of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority was a guest at the Theta house this week from Tuesday to Thursday. She was entertained by the alumnae at a luncheon given Wednesday in the Home Economics cafeteria and at a dinner at the Theta House.
Pistol Team Enters
Final Week of Dual
Meet Competition
tion remaining of the pistol season. With only one week of competiCapt. Hattan’s crack shooting squad of over 20 men are aiming for a fast finish against the last three op-
ponents on their schedule.
In addition to the trio of dual meets, the squad is entered in the Chief of Field Artillery match next week. This match is a national pistol tournament for ROTC field artillery units. The Boilermaker gunmen will be represented by two teams composed of five men each. Teams from ROTC units throughout the nation compete in this
match.
Meet Xavier, OSU
This 5!?eek, the Riveter pistol squad faces Xavier University of Cincinnati and Ohio State. Against these opponents Hattan’s shooters will be gunning for their nineteenth and twentieth wins of the campaign. Next week, besides the national match, the Riveters oppose the Colorado Agricultural College. In a match against Wisconsin last week the Boilermakers outscored the Badgers, 1382 to 1308. At the ‘sametime the frosh defeated the Badger frosh by a 1292-1208 margin. Recently in the State Rifle and Pistol match at Culver, Becker, senior member of the Riveter squad, placed second in an aggregate
match.
The squad shoots three times
weekly.
University Debaters Finish In Five-Way Tie University debate squad finished in a five-way tie for first place in the Big Ten debate tournament held on April 5 and 6, culminating the conference series of debates, according to the official list of results just released. Affirmative speakers were Seymour Udell and Gordon Belles who won decisions at the meet from Wisconsin and. Minnesota. . Richard Springgate and Donald Paarlberg, composing the negative, were given decisions over Minnesota, Chicago, and Indiana, and lost their only debate to Illinois. Northwestern, Ohio State, Iowa, and Illinois were the other Universities in the five-way tie. Each school won five and lost three debates- Wisconsin ranked sixth, Indiana and Minnesota tied for seventh, and Chicago finished in the cellar position.
I maTbwA \ All co-eds are invited to participate in the faculty-student tennis tournament to be held this spring. There will be a singles tournament and a doubles tommament. Each girl taking part is to ask a faCrdty member to play with her through the latter contests. WAA points are not given for participation; fostering of student-faculty friendships is the main object of the tourna-
ment.
, —^waa— Golfers all the way from beginners to the real experts are signing up now in the gym for the annual golf tournament. Arrangements have been made to separate the contestants into their owii classes, each class with an appropriate handicap, so the competition will be evenly matched. There is still time to sign up for it. —^waa— This Saturday, April 20, Earlham College in Richmond will be the scene of the spring playday. Individualized sports will be featured, with badminton, tennis, golf, and archery in the limelight. Transportation will be furnished for all girls who sign for it in the gym. Gymnasts Drop Meet To Williams College; Poser Leads Losers In a dual meet last week the Boilermaker gym team fell before the talented George Williams College team by a score of 288.5 to 246.5. Taking high honors of the meet. Waller, of the Williams squad, who is the Canadian Olympic champion, copped three firsts. Poser led the Riveters with a first, and two third
places.
Following their dual meet, the Boilermaker squad went to the National Intercollegiate meet. Wesley Foundation To Hear Rev, McFall Wesley Foundation will hold its annual banquet on Friday, April 26, in the Home Economics Building. Rev. Merrill McFall, Methodist Minister for Students at Indiana University and formerly pastor at Crown Point will be the speaker. Toastmaster will be William Harris, retiring president of the local unit. Tickets at fifty cents each may be purchased from any of the officers or at the Foundation office.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
Startling. fantastic. TRUEI
— AND
m
— ALSO —
V V"
Starts TOMORROW SHEimOHTHl LUCK. • 6otA kind^i
The emotional intensity of George Raft...the smoldering beauty of Joan Bennett... in the season’s hit-dramq!
CEORGE RALFT
JOAN BENNETT
irite HOUSE ACHOSS the BAY with LLOYD NOLAN •GLADYS 6EORGI and WALTER PIDGEON
LAST DAY
BARI
fuddakiL. Qhouji Br Robert J. Declwrd Papers of a Sports Reporter April 18, 1940 Barreled to Fieldhouse and ran into Fehring’s nine peppering it up inside . . . Dutch battin’ ’era out to Mack at third, Hearhe at short, Me at second, Ridgway at first . . * Yeager catching . . . Practice with plenty of ginger ... Wargo slanting ball across pan. —^fc— Moved on down to other end of^F. ... Watched Bob Anderson and Ray Luck, Boilermaker tennis players, on inside court ... Bill Berg, another PUer on T team, advised us T team goes to Indianapolis to meet Butler tomorrow . . . Play Western State, Saturday. —fc— Jake Weber, shot putter, shot putting into pole vault pit . . . Heard somebody say, “Over 47 feet” . . . Jake spoke .. . Couple of kids messing around inside throwing a ball back and forth after Fehring called practice to halt and said “meeting in room 107 in ten minutes.” —^fc— On out to Stadium to watch Boilermaker track aspirants . . . Howard Wilkening, frosh coach, said A1 Menchofer, freshman, had just clipped off 220 in :22.4 . . . Not had .. . Wind against him . . . Track slow. . . . Found out he can run the 100 in :09.9. . . . Some steppin’. —fo— Watched Bob Keim, dash 'artist, working on stride . . . Turned an ankle stepping into starting hole. . . . Homer Allen he-hawed . , . Ran into Tony Juska, sterling footballer of last 3 years . . . Jim Simmons, distance man, got to practice late. ... Said had been to marital lecture. . . . Promised not to tell anybody. —^fc— While going up south-west steps of Fieldhouse proper, found a Best key that somebody lost . . . Turned it into Larry Imhoff, in intramural office .... Loser can get it there. —^fc— Saw good-looking Elgin watch in F. show case that Casey Fredricks won in nat’l AAU wrestling tourney . . . Also handsome medal. . . . Was impressed with two-foot participation trophy in another case some lucky Greek house will win .. , A good-looker .. . Watched gridiron team from Expo sports office . . . Somebody got away for long run. . . . Copy boy, here! —fc— S’long, diary.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Hers was a love that passes; all understanding . . . His was a love that . . just passed bn! . . . ERROL FLYNN BETTE DAVIS — IN —
—-PLUS — HIDDEN EN^Y — WITH — WARREN HULL KAY LINAKER
MIDNITE SHOW SATURDAY 11:30 Daring Romance of Dead-End’ Girl and Live-Wire Boy jcINCER JOEL
Wmuose mw
RKO RADIO Picture
with MARjORIE RAMBEAU HENRY TRAVERS MILES MANDER
Trackmen Face Wayne U. in Meet Here Tomorrow Somewhat hindered by the cold and rain of the last few days, Coach Phillips’ cinder squad is going ahead with preparations
for the meet with the Wayne University team tomorrow. Un-
der the tutelage of Assistant Coach All6n, several of the Gold
and Black runners practiced starts while their teammates
worked out on other phases of the trackster’s art. Playing host to the Auto City — ■■■ team this week-end, the Riveter ■- i • <
Papurca, Fredricks To Captain Matmen
thinlies are out to win their second straight outdoor meet of the year. 'Last Saturday the local boys walked off with a 69-35 victory over Michigan State in their opening outdoor meet of the season when they met the'Spartans at Lansing. Can Dave Repeat? High scorer in last week’s tilt was Dave Rankin who ran np a^total of 14 points, winning firsts in both hurdle events, second in the 76 yard dash, and a third in discus. Also high in the' scoring in the Michigan meet were Ed Holderman and Capt. Shackleton. Holderman, winning two firsts for a total of 10 points and Shackleton one first for four more tallies.
Edwards Loss
Suffering the loss of Edwards, number one Boilermaker pole-vault-er, due to a sprain, Phillips’ proteges are likely to have more than a little trouble in the field events, since the Detroit team is reported to have exceptionally good broad and high jumpers. Hoping that history repeats itself, since last year in a meet with Wayne they came out on the long end of an 82% to 42% score, Coach Phillips’ men will face the visitors in Ross Ade stadium. Field events are to begin at 1:30 while track events start at 2:00 o’clock.
With their season concluded the wrestling team elected John Papurca, junior in the physical education school and Casey Fredricks, sophomore in the physical education school, co-captains for the next season. Fredricks, who is from Hammond, Indiana, won the 118 pound crown in the National AAU meet and was undefeated during the dual season while Papurca in the 145 pound class hails from Long Island,' N. Y. IM Schedules FRATERNITY MASS GOLF Must be played by Wednesday, April 24. ALPHA CHI RHO ALPHA GAMMA RHO ALPHA KAPPA GAMMA ALPHA TAU OMEGA BETA THETA PI DELTA TAU DELTA KAPPA DELTA RHO KAPPA SIGMA LAMBDA CHI ALPHA PHI DELTA THETA PHI GAMMA delta pm KAPPA PHI KAPPA PSI PHI KAPPA SIGMA PI KAPPA ALPHA PT KAPPA PHT SIGMA ALPHA EPSILON SIGMA ALPHA MU SIGMA NU SIGMA CHI SIGMA PHI EPSILON SIGMA PI TAU KAPPA EPSILON TAU EPSILON PHI THETA CHI THETA TAU THETA XI
Pardon Us
Phi Kappa Tau now leads the fraternities in intra-mural competition instead of Phi Kappa Sigma, as erroneously stated yesterday. Phi Kappa Tau has piled 623 participantion points, compared with Phi Kappa Sigma’s 621. Alpha Gamma Rho and Beta Theta Pi are each tied with 520 in the corrected standings.
Diamond
BASEBALL Friday, April 19
Ward 5 vs Ward 14 Ward 11 vs Ward 8 Ward 7 vs Ward 12
Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 6 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 18 Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 4 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 14
TODAY - SATURDAY-
love
-TODAY-SATURDAY-
Richard Cronwell LULU BELLE & SCOTTY PLUS—2ND FEATURE ZANA GREY'S "LIGHT OF THE WESTERN STARS" — WITH — Victor Jory - Jo Ann Sayers
olonGt
MMM
I t ? f M r \ t t
Friday# April 19# 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
9 ^
Notices
No notkw will bo occoptod oftor 8 p. m. Sophomore Military Students: Advance course applicants list is posted on the bhlletin board. Bead it and comply with inBtractions. Any one desiring to nave his name removed from the list, be sure and see the Adjutant. 4.21 —WISEIiOGEIi. Catalyst Club: Keys can be obtained in the physical chemistry lab from Dr. Hunt. 4-20 / —BERGSTEDT, PIA Members: All persons wishing to petition for president, co-ed executive, vicepresident, secretary, and treasurer of PlA for the coming year must have petitions in office by Thursday, April 18, at 8 p. m. Petitions need no signatures but should state qualifications. Petitions for all other offices due Wednesday, April 24, at 6:80 p.m. —HmSHAW.
Radio Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, April 28, at 7:80 p.m., is room 254 of the electrical engineering building. M. T. Gannon will be the speaker for the evening. Everyone is invited. —PITCHER.
All Stndcntat Those of you who have not your copy of Scrivener please call Alexander, 2678, or Mete, 8421, 4-22 —ALEXANDER. ^
Roger Williams Club; Leap year party postponed from Saturday, April 20, to Wednesday, April 24. —BROWNING, Outing Club: Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts at 10:80 a.m. Sunday, April 27. Ail people interested in this hike whether having bicycles or not call following before Saturday noon. Marcile Long, 2828; Marge Ward, 41111; Fred Cordua, 85208; or George Shawkins, 46478. —SHAWKINS.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the all-engineering honorary bahquet. Be surq to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. — HUSTON.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesday, April 28. —HUSfON.
Mixed Recreation: April 19, 7:30 p m.; women’s gym. Badminton, deck tennis, volleyball, ping-pong, and Swimming offered.
YWCA Cabinet: No regular meeting this week. Installation of officers and new cabinet next Thursday. —COOLEY.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, 8 p m., in room 208 of the Union. ^ —BOHLIN.
NYA Checks ari^ available at the C^hier’s office today. —HOLLENi^BEE. Sigma Pi Sigma: Meeting for the election of officers in room 206 of the Physics building 7:30 Monday night. —SUGGS.
Propi Comp Holders: Get your comps in Fletemeyer’s office today. —FREY.
War Department Films; No. 108 “Reconnaissance and Preparation of routes, Truck Drawn Units,” and Training Film No. 104 “Difficult Terrain, Truck-Drawn Unite,” will be shown in room 104 Armory starting at 4:10 p.m. on Friday, April 19, and on Tuesday, April 23. These films are shown in connection with the course in Field Artillery Review for Seniors. All students and faculty interested.mre invited to attend. —P. W. THOMPSON. <
Chi Epsilon: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for a ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from yoqr fraternity president by Tuesday, April 23. —HUSTON.
PkTau Sigma Actives and Pledges; Tickets to the All Engineering Honorary Banquet will be distributed on Monday, April 22, at 4 p.m. in the ME reading room. —EILERING.
Fencing: All freshmen and others interested in the fencing tourney report to the fencing room on Monday, April 22. —WELDY.
Pi Tau Sigma: Actives and pledges, your initiation fee pays for p ticket to the allengineering honorary banquet. Be sure to get your ticket from your fraternity president by Tuesdayl April 28. —HUSTON.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday, April 20th at 8 s.m. < —KNAPP.
Good News for Hand-Conscious Budgeteers Peggy Sage Presents
$
THE TRILLIUM 1. Salon Polish in choice of 6 shades. 2. Lubricant Polish Remover. 3. Satinbase. All essential for the Peggy Sage Manicure
Dolphin Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 23, at 7 p.m. in fieldhouse. Discussion of Galacade. —FILER.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New poiftable Biaehines as low as 829.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 605 Main street.
Senior Military: The following students report to Captain Cook, Army Medical Corps, at the student health service, Sunday, April 21: Wm. E. Spreuer; George G. Burke, George E. Olsen, Arthur W. Rifenburgh, and Edward N. Stiver, at 9 a.m., G. W. Breuer, and Wm. E. Under, at 11 p.m.' -PICKERING.
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
Anyone interested in living at the Westminster Co-op during summer session see Everett Hood, 318 N, Grant St., Phone 3747.
Outing Clqb: Bicycle hike to Battle Ground starts from the West side fire station at 10:30 a.m. Sunday, April 21. All people interested in this hike whether having bicycles or not call one of the following before Saturday noon. Marcile Long, 2828; Marge Ward, 41111; Fred Cordua, 36298; and George Shawkins, 46478. —SHAWKINS.
LOBT AND FOUND . Lost: Brown wallet containing driver’s license and change. Contact W. E. Beal; 189 S. Grant. Reward.
Westminster Foundation: Picnic will be held on Sunday, April 20, at happy hollow if the weather permits. There is a charge of 16 cents per person. —TRAHAM.
Lost: Larayo >yellow gold wrist watch— tan leather strap. Finder please call 66762.
Lost: K & E Slide Rule No. 469804. Name on rule and case. Reward. Phone 46892, R. M. Beir.
r
Gan Your,Shirts Stand A Close-Up? All shirts at a distance look more or less X\. alike, but in a candid close-up Arrow shirts are instantly distinguishable because of their trim, good-looking Arrow collars. Arrows are precision cut, evenly stitched, and shaped to fit the curve of your neck, with the pattern jpn the collar points symmetrically balanced. No unsightly bunching or collar-curling has ever cursed an Arrow shirt. They’re Mitoga shaped to fit and Sanforized-Shrunk... fabric shrinkage less than 1%. Get some new Arrows today, before your next dat6 ... $2 up.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Alec Templeton Coming In Person WEDNESDAY EVENING April 24th One Performance Starting at 8:15 P. M. JEFFERSON fflGH GYM Reserved and General Admission Tickets Available at: • Decker's • University Drug, W. Laf. • Mail Orders, Address Chamber of Commerce, Laf.
BIAIN FLOOR RESERVED $1.10 MAIN FLOOR GENERAL ADMISSION 83c BALCONY RESERVED 83c BALCONY GENERAL ADMISSION 55c Sponsored by Lafayette Junior Chamber of Commcree
Complete line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the ViUage
Jtovuerd ^or
air
Your date will be the picture of loveliness at this yearns Prom if you present her with flowers for her hair. We have a large assortment of flowers including gardenias and orchids.
I^otks ^ioridt LUNA THEATRE BUILDING 635 Main Street Phone 7955 - 8050
Best Soldier Contest Decision Due May 11 Pinal judgment in the Annual Best Soldier Contest, open to all ■who entered during the registration period, -will be handed down Saturday, May 11, it was announced today. Contestants ■will be examined over everything covered to date in classes, drills, and Corps Day formations. Cadet Lieutenant Colonel Earl Schrader, in charge of the contest, restated that awards will be given in both freshman and sophomore dmsions. First place will reedva « gold medal. Second and third places will receive silver and bronze medals respectively. Awards and citations will be given the first ten places and merits will go to all showing active participation. Late entries will be accepted under obvious handicaps. Shell Co. To Honor Three Oust ending CAA Student Pilots Students taking the Cml Aeronautics Authority pilot training course will compete for the selection of the nation’s three outstanding student pilots by means of an audit of their grades and by a nationwide flight competition on or about July 16. Seven regional elimination contests are to be held first after which the seven -winners will compete for the three scholarship awards at Washington, D. C. The final winner will receive a scholarship of $1,000 to be used for "advancement of his education along aeronautical lines. Students placing second and third will receive $760 and $600 scholarships, respectively. These awards are provided by the Shell Oil Company for student pilots in colleges and flight schools under the CAA. Awards Given Awards -will be made on the basis of the student’s record in the government flight and ground courses and his ability to execute ^qpedfied flight maneuvers with maximum pre-cision and safety. Stunt flying will have no place in the competition to select the winners. The board of awards for the contest will he^ composed of six nationally prominent men in the field of a-viation.
A/jve-
SLIPS *1.19
T^ever before sold at this price! 4 Gore "contour cut" made of finest quality rayon satin . . . with pull proof double stitched seams, its shimmering beauty and perfect fit ere permanent!
“TY-BEST” NECKWEAR FOR MEN 55c and $1.00
THIEME WANGERIN CO. 622-426 Main St.
I WBAA I FRIDAY 11:00—American Institutions — Prof. Robert Phillips 11:50—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:80—^Meet the Band 12:46—1 Want a Job 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:30—Story Time 1:46—^Market Reports 2:00—Vocational Guidance 2:30—Parade of Business 3:00—^West Lafayette High School. 3:30—Story of Wool 3:45—Opera Time 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:30—Melody Time 4:46—Story Book Hour - SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11:30—^High School Guest RussiaviUe 12:00—^Woman Shopper 12:16—^Tune Time—Charles Powell 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—^Market Reports 1:00—^Radio Stage 1:30—Saturday Musical Review 2:00—Stamp Club 2:15—^Monitor Views the News 2:30—Carolyn Mae Iddings 3:00—Campus Varieties
Indiana Alumni
... of Michigan State College will hold their annual banquet in the Purdue Memorial Union Building, Saturday evening, April 20, at 6:30 p.m. Professor James Troop, a Purdue staff member for many years, is general chairman of the meeting and he will receive a special tribute for hip years of teaching and Scientific service. Prof. George Returns From Sesqukentennial Patent Law Celebration Prof. R. H. George, research associate in the University engineering experiment station and in charge of the reconstruction of the Tele•vision station W9XG, returned yesterday to the campus after a trip to Washington, D. C., where he attended the sesquicentennial celebration of the 160th anniversary of the signing of the US patent laws. The diimer which was held to commemorate the signing of this document was presided over by C. H. Kettering, director of research for General Motors. The program following the dinner was broadcast over a nation-wide hook-up. Prof. George also attended the hearings before the Federal Communications Commission regarding television standards.
A manuscript of Dante’s “Divine Comedy” dated 1337 is on eriiibition at Brown University.
JUNIORS and SENIORS! Be on inspection for the coming Gala Season. Let American clean and re-tint your CORDS! We call for— and deliver!
American Laundry WeetStdoOno* mvfrnaLyyciv.'i t'-jT-v .'. '■ ' ' ''- ' ' ' < ' < ■ ' ’ *■'■ '• ‘ ’"’'. ' '•' '■ " .. ; ■ ,' '■ '
fi^
PQBPOE EXPOMENt
Friday, April 19,1940
But
Incidentally
By Vladimir We were going to use today’s column to print the Executive Committee’s views on the European situation, but we just couldn’t make it. It seems that the Executive Committee has been busy for the past month, and in all probability it will be busy for another one. The members are debating the problem “If you have a sock with a hole in the toe, how come your big toe sticks.out no matter which foot you put the sock on ”
So the European situation will just have to wait.
Clarence, who just wormed his way into the office, has a news item for our column. The item, says Clarence. deals with the best Exponent headline of the year (so far). It appeared in the paper about two months ago, but is still the shining light in Clarence’s collection of heads. It said: BAND GIVES EXHIBITION AT INDIANA CORN FESTIVAL
Purdue Exponent
K. E. Inalcjr W. E. Smith
Editar4B-CUcf . BaatncM llaiuWM'
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, manBKing; editor; ti. M- Antonini, senior advertising; manag'er; G. Schilling;, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post oftira in fayette, Indianag under the act of Congress of March 8> 1878p and at the cpecial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised Jannarr *0, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrins the resnuar academic year and weekly durins the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising; by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, Mew York, M. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Sidwell Issue Editor, Suesse Day Editor, Siess Friday, April 19, 1940
If it makes any difference to you, the band concerned W'as the Purdue Military band.
We have at last found a true “magic door.” It’s that famous door in the movie version of “Information, Please.” For one whole performance we sat in stony wonder, trying to guess jdst what would come through that door next. At the last one we attended, there came through the mystic portals, among other things;
We’re glad we are not in that room with the experts. No telling what will come through the door next. What if a reader would send in questions about “The Isle of Dr. Moreau.”
Or King Kong.
Beta Theta Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: G. B. Horn, Fairfield, Conn., A. D. Silva, Columbus, R. P. Stambaugh, Columbus, F. A. Fanrsworth, Park Ridge, III., J. L. Krug, Dayton, 0., G. R. Bloomquist, Gary, W. B. Van
Aken, Coldwater, Mich., and Jor-
dan McCarty,. Lafayette.
Also, the following officers were elected for the coming year: President, R. A. Lynch, Vice-president, J. L. Rayniak, Treasurer, W. H. Hayt, Secretary, R. N. Brown, Rush Chairman, W. T. Wells, Social
Alpha Gamma Rho
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of J. R. Blackwell, Terre Haute.
Manager, T. P. Axton, and Fresh-
Chairman, Ike Cadwallader, House min Chairman, W. R. Crow.
Co-eds Use Crown Cleaning Service Regularly Evening Gowns Refinished with the lovliness they had the day they were purehased.
ImiiMt
nME CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
niWEIS for PRIM
Beautifully Styled Highest Quality Experienced Designers Prompt Delivery Exfjuisite Orchids Belmont Gardenias and all popular corsage flowers
Let us have your Prom order and be assured satisfaction
PlcUilcL
FLOWER SHOP Phone 8451
527 Main St.
-B & B-
1. A well dressed young man who rushed out and bent over. 2. Another well dressed young man who purposefully strode through the door, planted a firm kick on the first young man’s posterior. (I Get a Kick Out of You.) 3. A young man pushed a range out into the room of intellect, whereupon he sat on it. (Home on the Range.) 4. A pretty girl earned in a duck. (Joe Penner.) 5. Etc.
The long awaited Prom is here at last! All the griping has come to an end, and now I can sit in the hall and watch the pretty imports once more. That is my one joy in life. Gosh, I hope they’re beautiful . . .
-B & B-
Seen on the Exponent bulletin; “Will the guy that “BORROWED” my cord coat please leave the pawn ticket in my box?” —R.E.I.
-B & B,
We overheard an interesting conversation the other day. It seems that the “Varsity” photographer is getting tired of being chased around
in the McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514 Main Street LATEST DANCE HITS and COLLEGE SONGS on RECORDS Angel in Disguise Moments in the Moonlight Bob Crosby 35c I Concentrate on you Between You and Me Dick Jurgens 35c Ho Sa Bonnie Johnson Rag . . Merry Macs . 35c Star Dust My Melancholy Baby Glenn Miller 35c I'm Looking for a Guy Who Plays Alto and Baritone and Doubles on a Clarinet and Wears a Size 37 Suit Make Believe Danceland Ozzie Nelson 35e Dinah Singin' the Blues Lionel Hampton 75e Solitude Mood Indigo . Duke Ellington . 50c Shake Down the Stars Be Sure . . Benny Goodman . 50c My Fantasy I Can't Get Started Ginny Simms 35e Adios, Mariqita Linda Frenesi . . Artie Shaw . . 75c
Calling cJill College ^hls
Whatever the reason for your coming to New York, there are many reasons why you should make The Barbizon your residence. Daily, it offers the refinement and recreation to which you are accustomed. Musicales... art lectures . . . dramatics ... a fine library . . . swimming pool . . . sun deck . . . sguash courts. Live in The Barbizon Manner, and enjoy all cultural and physical activities that add zest and joy to life.
700 ro<^ras, each wjljh a radio Tariff; fjrqm. $2.50'per day irb'm')$ J2 per week
As usual we are bringing you the cream of humor today, but we suggest that you get your own prescription to stumick it ... in case i our readers (both of them) have had a laspe of memory, remember it is your CONTRIBS that make this column the SNOOPOCRACY that it is. A DOUBLE MARS PASS is awaiting the best CONTRIB this week.
by our “Cornhusking” Mary Mangold to have her picture taken. Rest assured that you will be sought out Mary ... when you become famous. —B & B— It might not be from good source, but we heard that the Prom committee is asking that all prom goers check their bottles in the telephone booths . . . there wiM be an additional surcharge of t^ cents a pint to defray handling costs. Who knows, it might be a good mixer after all. We’ve checked with all the local auto dealers and none of them have had a car ordered by committee members yet. —B & B— If only the major league baseball scouts came to Purdue ... we don’t know what they would discover in the way of players, BUT they would find a new way to attract crowds to games if they saw Alpha Chi’s Dottie Kolar and Kay Vernon using the
Young Local Pianist Will Play Next Siniday
baseball game as a good excuse to get chummy with their heartthrobs.
POPCORN SOFT DRINKS ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S
# BREAKFAST • LUNCREON m DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOHE AT WALOREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEAC* Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK LimtER A. RMK DR. HAROLD f. RISK 4th fir Main Piwne 57*1
• Dine
,COME OVER! EAT At ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1 19«/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
FRED'S EAT SHOP “LUNCHES THAT SATISFY" Wishing You Joy and Success at the Prom
DR. C. E, SURRATT OPTOMETRIST 522 Main St. Phone 478’, LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
• jewelers
• Florists
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowen Main at 7th Phone 6050
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Rest. Supplies
SPECIAL DECORATED OR CREST AND MONOGRAM CHINA GILLESPIE'S 221 Vi Col. St. Phone 6405
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
1
Featuring the playing of Arthur Jacklin, seventeen year old local pianist, the Union will sponsor a program of piano music in the music room Sunday at 4 o’clock. Including a number of difficult selections from such masters as Schubert, Bach, and Mozart, Jacklin, son of Professor H. M. Jacklin, of the University staff, will render the same program which he played last week at DePauw. Union officials have announced that the general public is cordially invited to attend the concert.
T t
'r l :)
. (i