Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY April 15, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL. 49 No. 154
Q«n, Imsd Band Chosen
Charlie Agoew Signed To Play In Union Cafeteria Charlie Agnew and his band have been signed to play in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building for the Junior Promenade Friday, April 22, the Prom committee announced last night. Buddy Rogers’ Cavaliers will supply music in the ballII room for the dance.
Charlie Agnew
Emrick Announces Program For Sunday's Symphonic Concert A year’s preparation by members of advanced harmony classes has preceded the Easter Sunday program to be played by the Purdue Symphonic Band in the Jefferson High School Gym at 2:30 p. m. Professor P. S. Emrick, band director, has announced the program as follows. “Magic Flute” Mozart Symphony No. V. .. . Tschaikowsky Intermission ^•Bolero” trumpet trio Smith “Tales from Vienna Woods” .... Strauss ^‘William Tell” Overture .. Rossini The Andante Cantabile from Tschaikowsky’s Fifth will be played as a Schmidt French Horn solo byHarold A. Todd. Walter Smith’s “Bolero^’ will feature the triple tongued trumpet trio. This Easter concert is sponsored by the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and Public School Board, and is free to the public. WSGA Head Names Nine New Executives WSGA president-elect, Mary Alice Learning appointed the pew WSGA executive board yesterday. The 1938-39 members are: fresh- . man orientation, Georganna Huber; transfer orientation and May Day, Betty Jo Sexton; vocational guidance, Betty Elstun; activities, Elizabeth Barmes; student faculty relations, Margaret Crankshaw; social committee, Betty Masters; office committee. Prances Brpdshaw; elections, Florence Merrill; and publicity, Mary Cooley. Florence Hester ... . . . senior home economics student, has accepted a position as vocational teacher at Morocco High School.
Agnew’s band will come here from the Merry Garden ballroom in Chicago, where he has been playing for several months. Previous to his stand at the Merry Garden, Charlie played at the Blackhawk restaurant which is also in Chicago. Having played in Chicago several times before, Charlie Agnew’s band has appeared at the Edgewater Beach Hotel and Stevens Hotel there. Charlie has played on the campus before, ha\'fing furnished music for the Sophomore Cotillion last month and the Military Ball several years ago. Arrange Frat Booths Prom Committee member Fred Baase said yesterday that booths will be set up for fraternities, as was the custom at previous Proms. Three or four fraternities will occupy one booth. Each fi’aternity must group to gether with two or three other houses and notify Baase at North Cary Hall before Tuesday, he stressed. Any fraternity not doing this will not be allowed to have a booth for the dance, he added. Furniture for booths must be supplied, by fraternities, said Baase but so that confusion will be avoided in collecting furniture, all equipment for each booth must be furnished by just one of the fraternities occupying the booth. The house which will supply the furniture must be included in the report of the groupings. Phi Mu's Elect Officers Phi Mu social sorority announces election of the following officers: President, Virginia Beehler; vicepresident, Janet Gaylord; secretary, Charlotte Lochner; treasurer, Marie Byers; rush chairman, Mary Lou Swaney. Charlotte Lochner was chosen as chapter delegate to the National Phi Mu convention to be held in June at Asheville, North Carolina. Mrs. Zenobia Keller, National Phi Mu Executive Secretary, has been a guest of the Purdue chapter for several days.
Prom Queen Virginia Hulse
Dean Dorothy Stratton To Speak At Harvard “Personnel Problems of Girls and Women” will be the subject on which Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will lecture at Harvard University the week of July 18. This summer session will mark the first appearance of women on the faculty at Harvard. Dean Stratton received the invitation to lecture from Miss Stedman, director of appointments at Radcliffe College, who is in charge of the personnel course being offered to Harvard summer students. On June 7 this year Dean Stratton will receive an LLD degree from Ottawa, Kan., whei-e she did her undergraduate work. This honorary degree is for the rank of doctor of laws. Dean Stratton has also scheduled a lecture on May 12 to the student personnel administration classes of Columbia University. The classes are composed of student teachers now studying "at Columbia. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton
Students Do Too Much—McFarland
Editor’s Note: Today Exponent co-eds present the first woman Good Teacher in the paper’s series of articles on high .standing instructors and their methods.
Forecast for the State: Unsettled. Warmer today but growing cooler tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperature: Low, 58; high, 73; mean, 55.5.
A professor who enjoys listening to others as recreation is Good Teacher Muriel McFarland' of the department of education and applied psychology. Dark hair—worn long—and framing an oval face, contrasting with her fascinating blue eyes. Miss McFarland is startlingly pleasant to watch. “You—all Purdue students—do too much. You spread yourselves too thin,” she exclaimed yesterday in an interview. “Twenty hours is a heavy load. “No student can concentr-ate on so many different courses and achieve the depth of vision he should have for each one.” Asked whether she advocated a five year college curriculum, she said that it would be necessary here merely to lessen the number of credit hours required for graduation, and restrict the load per semester. Kansas Graduate Miss McFarland graduated from State Teachers’ College at Pittsburgh, Kan., where the quarters system was used. Courses were shorter, and not broken into by a Christmas or spring vacations, she explained. A major in home economics, she took graduate work at Chicago
University, and at the University of Minnesota, where she also taught. She received her master’s degree at Columbia Teachers’ College. Co-author of a book, “Clothing Construction,” and writer of magazine articles, she hasn’t enough time to be really prolific in the text book world. Need Activities “To develop into all around individuals, people need activities. Much of my advice to some of my home ec girls planning to be teachers is for them to participate in activities more than they do, and to lessen their course load, if necessary.” She feels that the better student can carry extra work and still be able to achieve high grades. In looking for teachers for specific positions, she considers ability, scholastic average, and participation in activities. When Miss McFarland was discussing heavy loads, she had just returned from an afternoon of observing student teachers at Jefferson High School, and had a class of graduate students waiting for her, after which she planned to attend a committee meeting and work on the next day’s class work. Visits High Schools Miss McFarland visits high schools in various parts of the
Hulse Victorious In Final Selection Queen of the 1938 Junior Promenade will be Virginia Hulse, Kappa Alpha Theta, chosen for the honor from a group of 12 junior co-eds, announced the judging committee last night. Selection came at the fourth committee meeting to consider the qualifications of the candidates.
“Virginia seemed the one best Craigmile To Open Time, Motion Session Today At 10:30 a. m.
state to “keep in touch with present conditions” . . . has 14 credit hours of classes to teach . . . confers personally with junior and senior students .... supervises graduate work on theses. Conscientiously, she conducts her classes with the methods of teaching presented in her courses . . . uses principles of teaching her students study. Reviewing the previous lesson, summarization of the day’s recitation and lecture, and scrupulous giving of futui’e assignments are daily features of her classes. Attendance need not be compulsory for jrmiors and seniors, she believes. Supervision of freshmen and sophomores, until they orient themselves to college, is wise. Enjoys Tiny Things Poised, quiet, able to enjoy tiny things. Miss McFarland “loves flowers, and keeps them in her officfe . . . enjoys stage plays more than movies” . . . finds driving slowly through the country nearly perfect relaxation . . . reads magazines, Time, Harpers, Readers’ Digest, Vogue . . . keeps up on professional books . . . works oh new teaching methods and measuring devices, and is vice president of the Indiana Home Economics Association.
best
suited for queen, because of her beauty, her camera face, her experience as a model,” explained Queen Judge R. P. Manion after the
announcement last night.
“It was a great surprise to come home after an inspection trip and hear the news,” smiled Miss Hulse, interviewed while posing for Photographer Jim Shoemaker at the
Theta house.
Long Beauty Record Chicago Daily Tribune Purdue beauty her freshman year, in the Debris beauty section last year, one of four Debris beauties this year, and model in all campus fashion' shows. Miss Hulse has a long record “proving she fulfills the standards set up by the committee of ‘poise, pulchritude, and personality’,” said J. H. Jacobi, committee
member.
Enrolled in home economics school, majoring in clothing. Miss Hulse graduated from Anderson High School. “Personal statistics?” she repeated when questioned. “I’m five feet, five inches tall, weigh 115 pounds, stay fair in summer, and like to play tennis.” Members of the judging committee included Mortar Board seniors Petie Light and Betty Ann Stewart; Iron Key men R. P. Manion and F. T. Sheets; Student Senators C. G. Elliott and J. H. Jacobi; and Prom Chairman R. M. Sasser. University WSGA Group To Attend Conference Eight WSGA delegates will attend a National College conference of college women’s self goveming associations at Michigan State College on April 27, 28, and 29 at East Lansing. Girls who will represent Purdue at this conference are: Betty Ann Stewart, Dorothy Martenet, Georganna Huber, Betty Jo Sexton, Betty Elstun, Mary Cooley, Betty Masters and Mary Alice Lea-
rning.
Dorothy Martenet and Georganna Huber will contribute to the program with reports on Vocational Guidance and Orientation. The group will be accompanied by Dean Dorothy C. Stratton.
C. S. Craigmile of the PaladenMann Company, Chicago, is scheduled to discuss “Time Study And Industrial Relations” in the opening session of the Time and Motion Conference at 10:30 a. m. today in room 254 of the EE Building. Following this talk, H. J. Wilson, work accountant for Warner Gear, Muncie, will discuss “Time Study Standards and Construction Tests.” At 1:30 A. B. Segur, CE ’08, Oak Park, 111., will talk on the subject “Selling a Motion Picture Study Program to Employees.” “Organizing and Operating a Motion Study Program” will be discussed following Segur’s talk. Dr. L. M. Gilbreth, University engineering consultant and efficiency expert will talk on the subject, “Motion Study as an Element in Management Purposes.” Registration for the conference will be at 9:30 this morning in the Electrical Engineering Building. Bunny Forsakes Molly To Hide His Eggs For WRWers Having returned his true love, Molly, to the orchard at the side of the Women’s Residence Halls at 1 o’clock Saturday night it is rumored an unknown rabbit possibly called “Peter” or “Easter” is planning to hide hundreds of brightly colored candy eggs on the lawns of the South Hall. The 180 girls living in the halls are planning to beat Molly to them by getting up at 7:45 on Sunday morning and going out before their special Easter breakfast to find as many eggs as possible. Prizes are even being offered to the two girls finding the greatest number of the eggs. Residents suspect Miss Roberta Connelly, one of the Hall directors, of being in cahoots with the unidentified rabbit and even of being his accomplice in the hiding.
Choir, Orchestra Will Present Easter Music In Fowler Hall At 8 Tonight “The Seven Last Words of Christ,” a sacred cantata by Theodore edited with English adaptation by Nicholas Doiity will be presented by the University choir and the University orchestra at the convocation to be held this evening at 8:00 in Eliza Fowler Hall. A total of 193 persons will participate in the cantata. The 150 choi--isters will be directed by A1 Stewart and the 40 piece orchestra, accompanied by George Osborn at the console of the organ, will be directed by Robert Phillips. The solo parts of the cantata will be sung by Mrs. A1 Stewart, Albei--ta Schmadel, Van Coddington, Harold Schulte and Walter Wagner. Presentation of this Lenten music will bring to a close the 1937-38 religious convocations which have been arranged by a special University committee headed by Prof. Laurence Hadley. Albert P. Stewartt
mmmmm
wmmmmmmm
£dHtfuaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
dOwufi,
Friday, April 15. 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liefity
Harvard Faculty...
. . . includes women for the‘first time and one of these women will be our dean of women, Dorothy C. Stratton. When Dean Stratton arrives in Cambridge for July 18 she will hold a new LLD from Ottawa University, her alma mater of undergraduate days.
And .lust to get her ready for these honors the father of all normal schools, Teacher’s College of Columbia University, has asked her to address the Student Personnel Administration classes May 12. This, too, will be a return engagement, for Dorothy Stratton became “Doctor’’ here in 1932 when she received her PhD.
July 18-23 at Harvard she will give a series of personnel lectures to the regular summer classes.
Miss Edith Stedman, director of appointments at Radcliffe, who is in charge of the course, chose Dean Stratton as one of the lecturers from all the possible deans of women in the United States.
We are apt to lose sight of real value when it stands so close, but perhaps this is the real essence of importance—this ability not to overshadow your fellows of daily life. At least for a day let us take our hats off to the dean of women. —S. McK.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
PUeociutrd 'Jtrres
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March
8, 1879, and at the special ratf of postage provided for in 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922.
section
Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus
subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-InrCMef
Bnoiness Manaser
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor. Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee Assistants—Joy Johnson, Joan Wimborough, Helen Steffee, Pat Henry, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard, Kay Thrasher, Edith Smith, Ruth Rose, Barbara Joy, Georgia Cairoll, Thelma Goodwin, Freda Frederick. PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. E. Brook Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. 'Torrence, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillllan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6937 Bnsinass Phone 6038 Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Mary Cooley Friday, April 15, 1938
Sculpturing Is...
.. . the final touch to be added to the main entrance of the Memorial Union Building in order to complete original plans. The two massive granite blocks on either side of the steps are to portray scenes which are typical of the University.
Considering Purdue’s interest in women’s education, it is interesting to know that the board of trustees is considering the designs of a young sculptress, Frances Rich, next Wednesday. During the past week this daughter of actress Irene Rich brought to the Executive Building a plastic model of the main entrance of the Union Building with the two huge stones sculptured. As she sees the cam-
coll®giot#
By Helen Steflfee
Scabbard and Blade Helds Banquet For 28 New Initiates
University freshmen are among the world’s best worriers, says Professor James Page, psychologist at the University of Rochester, who has studied and tabulated the fears of University freshmen. Biggest worry among the girls is popularity, while boys are in the main, afraid of being underweight or of failing to succeed after graduation. Only 2 percent of the boys and 4 percent of the girls gave any worry time to insanity. None of the girls were afraid of being adopted children, but this thought made 3 percent of the boys lie awake at night. Approximately 10 percent of both sexes feared death. Professor Page finds the people with less intelligence do the biggest part of the worrying. C—C—C The real worriers should be the German university people. Edward Yarnell Hartshome, young graduate student of Chicago University, recently disclosed the conditions he found in German schools under the Nazi regime. He reports the rector of the famous University of Berlin is a horse doctor who was formerly a slaughterhouse official. Pseudo-sciences such as raceculture are crowding out the rapidly disappearing speculative science work in which Germany once led the world. Under Nazism German University enrollments have dropped from 117,682 to 85,023. C—C—C What are the keys to success for today’s college women? At a recent Cornell University conference at Ithaca, N. Y., the following were handed to Betty Co-ed and her sisters in learning as fitting the locks in the door that o^ens on success. 1. Health, mental, physical, and moral. 2. Enthusiasm at all times. 3. Every possible assistance to the consumer. 4. Education, perspiration, inspiration, and just plain brass. 5. Stand on your own spiritual and physical feet. 6. Keep up your special interest contacts. 7. Know what you want.
What, Where, When?
Scabbard and Blade, national honorary military society last night initiated 28 new members and three associate members at a formal ceremony in the Armory. Following are the new initiates: R. C. Zimmer, R. B. Langhor, R. B. Coen, L. E. Keck, H. W. Lownie, L. L. Treece, J. E. Hammer, J. W. Mackie, G. V. Hutchens, R. E. Hall, R. R. Hannas, and B. D. Witwer. T. L. Tomaszewski, M. E. Plater R. L. Richardson, J. H. Kline, P. E. Brumfield, R. J. Ruth, D. R. Vance, D. W. Clugston, J .T. Donovan, H. R. Mitchell, R. M. Sasser, G. W. Matthews, and J. E. Tryon. Associate members initiated are: Prof. G. A. Young, Prof. A. P. Poorman, and Prof. G. A. Hawkins.
By Joan Wimborough
After the initiation the organization held a banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union. Following the dinner, Brigade Commander W. C. Musham welcomed the new initiates into the society. R. C. Zimmer responded for the new men.
The “two-bit shave and a haircut” doesn’t go any more, but the price of a good haircut isn’t too far above the average student pocketbook to warrant anyone letting his hair look like an angora goat in mid-winter. Perhaps this applies to men more than it does to women, but only because of the way that men wear their hair. A good haircut every two weeks is absolutely essential for a man—at least in the eyes of a woman. Of course constant careful grooming of the hair is a recognized necessity in polite society. Women who wear their hair long are not excused from a trip to the barber now and then, either. Ends that will not curl may well be cut off.
Captain C. Beckley then spoke on “Ten Leaders Under Which I' Have
Served.” Cadet Lt. Col. S. C. Willoms acted as toastmaster for the banquet.
Watch your hairline carefully. Use the mirror. It helps your looks and neatly trimmed hair is easier on the person sitting behind you.
Sigma ISu . . .
Dr. Dye Will Speak At Home Ec Dinner
Dr. Marie Dye Dean of Home Economics at Michigan State College, East Lansing, Mich, will be the speaker at the formal home economics dinner sponsored by the Virginia C. Meredith Club to be given Tuesday, April 19, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics Building cafeteria. The Omicron Nu medal will be presented to the outstanding freshman of last year. New pledges to Omicron Nu will be introduced by toastmaster Nina DeWitte, President of Virginia C. Meredith Club.
. . . fraternity announces the initiation of the following men: H. T. Clark, Owensboro, Ky.; J. W. Munk, Cleveland, O.; D. G. Malcolm, Indianapolis; G. T. Sollitt, Evanston, 111.; P. L. Hamman, Robinson, 111.; and M. L. Miers, Greensburg.
owe MIGHT
Pledges are: Mary Wein, Helen Scott, Alice Breitweiser, Marjorie Swaffer, Pearl Jackson, Beth McCool, and Barbara Gibbs. Tickets, at 50 cents each, are on sale at WRH, sorority houses, and home economics office. Sales will close today.
(Featnre* oicbestra
And
^ TUI I 6 P.M. |C gandNr
Tlcbeta
Incl.
Dai^^Tr^y Except Monday and/rhurs^
Spring has come Winter has went And it ain’t no accident.
Ask any Delt about the drunk duck.”
‘dead
If Sue Britt returns to the campus next fall after her recent sojourn in a hospital, it will be to carry the torch for a young chemistry instructor.
WRHer: “You remind me of the ocean.” Purdue Ed: “Wild, romantic, or restless ?” Co-ed: “No, you just make me sick.”
pus, the models of college men and women in six different phases are especially suitable to the building and its activities. Three sides of each block have been designed by Miss Rich; the scenes include single figures of a man and a woman, pairs of men and women in classic lines. Softened by figures in bas relief, the huge blocks still retain the same rectangular shape.
Zink Fleenor thinks she can take it but the prevailing male opinion is that she definitely can’t. Third floor WRH North is official cleanup squad.
“Would you give 10 cents to help thi old ladies’ home?” “What! Are they out again?”
To get a consensus of opinion, groups from the Women Residence Halls, campus leaders and faculty members have been asked to view and criticize the work of Frances Rich. Any one may see the models, which are located in the trustees’ room near Dr. Elliott’s office. Persons who have seen the models favor the change since beauty is added to an already excently designed structure.
It should be known that Gene Johnston, pharmacy instructor, otherwise known as the “walking fashion plate,” had fallen for a junior pharmacy student—perhaps he wants a date for Prom.
Overheard: One gallant Purdue Ed defending ladies. “It isn’t that girls can’t keep a secret—it just takes more of ’em to help keep it.”
Beware you June bride-grooms to-be. They say the first thing a bride thinks when she enters the church is “Aisle Altar Hymn.”
THE PLEDGE’S LAMENT I’ve waxed a million feet of floor I’ve washed the windows and the door I’ve emptied ash trays by the score God, how my back does ache!
I’ve phoned their girls and made their dates I’ve lit their pipes and passed their plates I’ve learned just what a freshman rates
emu
TODAY—TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
of laughter hitting high glee on a sparkling song^
Pedalion has had its share of pin merging lately. Bill Reichers, of Lambda Chi, put his pin on Emily Sawdon: June Conklin has a certain Glenn Brown’s DU pin; and Marjorie Keaton took Ike Jones’ pin, an lU graduate.
- / now pronounce you gas and oil — er, I mean man and wife!”
Lord, how those paddles sting!
But after all is said and done It really will be lots of fun To pass it on to the next one If I but make the grade. —John.
ARC
TODAY — SATURDAY
—and— Qang War Hits the Farm I
ilEiSimiE 3KO-RAD10 PICTURE —ALSO— ‘PAINTED STALLION” Serial -PLUSCOLOR CARTOON
TODAY — SATURDAY
A 20th C»nhiry-Fo» Piehm with KEYE LUKE • DICK BALDWIN • LYNN BARI OOU6LAS FDWLEY • JAYNE REGAN • HAROLD HUBER WAXIE ROSENBLOOM —PLUS—
mMh iTiiii MIWELWLEN PAOL KELLY ROBOT KELLARD STOREY PAUL HURST
ffiniws
YOUNd Jach WHITING Barry MACKAV
MaiIi
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:30
you'll soon beswing' ing and swaying to.
.STARS
, ^ ALL AROUNDHBR\ ^ io,HERBBSTOP-ALL
N1US / CA L. •'ti/z/A',
M RANDOLPH SCOTT MCK HAIIY ★ GIORIA STUART PHYLIIS BROOKS ★ HEliN WESTIEY Slim SUMMERVIILE ★ Bill ROBINSON AlooDINEHART ★ LEdwonlSROMBIRO J
Starts TOMORROW —Last Day—
Mary Carlisle Lloyd Nolan
in ‘Tip-Off Girls”Friday, April 15, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
iniversity Oin® fleets isPauw Here Today
Fehring's Squad Will Play 2nd Home Game At 4 p.m.
Purdue’s baseball nine will play its second game of this season this afternoon when it meets the DePauw squad at 4 o’clock on the new diamond back of the Fieldhouse.
Since the lineup used Tuesday
against Wabash proved effective in Theta Xi...
beating the Little Giants, 6-2, Coach Fehring will probably start the same team this afternoon. Homer Warner, sophomore rookie, and Carrol Mangas, senior veteran, will do the pitching for the Boilermakers. Tomorrow afternoon the squad will meet the Western State Teachers’ College, starting at 2 o’clock.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Louis S. McKee, Lafayette; Walter B. Loeffler, Oklahoma City, Okla.; Mitchell Cash, Gary; William B. Thompson, Kirkwood, Mo.; Fred T. Sarginson, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; William Kane, Western Spiings, 111.; *■ Leslie H. Curtner, Lafayette; and Raymond C. Newman, Niagara Falls, N. Y.
We Carry a Complete Line of ARROW Shirts and Ties GULLION’S West Lafayette
14-13 Victory Over Detroit U. Squad An eighteenth green putt won 'the University Golf team a 14-13 victory over the University of Detroit squad yesterday afternoon. The opening match of the season was played on the Lafayette course. The final putt by Captain Karl Freese enabled the Boilermaker leader to halve the last nine with Collett of Detroit and gain the deciding half point. John David, Purdue junior ace, took low medal honors with a 76 for the 18-hole round.
Summary:
Individual matches—Peterson, of Purdue, defeated Walsh, Detroit, 3-0; David, Purdue, defeated Babbish, Detroit, 2-1; Anderson, Purdue, tied Temple, Detroit, !%-!%; Baske, Purdue, defeated Fogoros, Detroit, 2-1; Dilworth, Detroit, defeated Meissner, Purdue, 3-0; Col-
AAU Gymnastic Meet Noimal College of the American Gymnastic Union of Indianapolis is conducting an Indiana-Kentucky Association and Mid-States AAU gymnastic meet April 30 in their gymnasium, 415 East Michigan
Street, Indianapolis.
“I am very anxious to have some of the Purdue students interested in gymnastics to enter this meet,” said Mr. Floyd R. Eastwood, of the men’s physical education department. Those who are interested may see Professor Eastwood in room 110 in the Fieldhouse.
lett, Detroit, defeated Freese, Purdue, 2%-%. Best Ball Foursomes—Peterson and David, Purdue, defeated Babbish and Walsh, Detroit, 2-1; Fogoros and Temple, Detroit, defeated Anderson and Baske, Purdue, 2-1; Freese and Meissner, Purdue, defeated Collett and Dilworth, Detroit, 2-1.
AS SEEN IN THE MAY Esqute Shirts and Ties that harmonize
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy Offers you Furnas Ice Cream at low prices for such quality products. Hom-Pak quarts and pints. Drumsticks, Brown Giants, Cheerios and Nut Roll Slice.
Bring yourself up-to-date with an Arrow Broadtone Striped shirt, which reflects the current style trend toward pastel colors in fine shirtings. Like all Arrow shirts, these are endowed with the famous Arrow collar. Mitoga tailored to fit . . . Sanforized-shrunk. $2*75 each To complement these shirts Arrow has created Broadtone ties — square design or stripe. $1.50 ARROW InJIil
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• i®oksfores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education M. G. IIE!1SME!I
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Pr@fessl@nal
The Risk Dental Clinic DS. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mam
Phone 5701
• Beauty Stydlo • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fn KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Ant® Rsiifal
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Lecksmifli
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock lenrlee our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N 5th St, Phone 2828
• FlGrist
Inc 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Bnildins Phone 7955—8050 • Tin Shop JOHN BALKEMA TIN SHOP Carl G Butz, Mgr Sheet Metal and Furnace Work of All Kinds 104 Mam St Phone 6852
I
BE ON TOP BOILERMAKERS!! KEEP IN THE RUNNING Your choice of a large variety of stripes, ducks and other patterns. Also a large showing of light weight flannels, plain or fancy designs featuring several shades of popular greys and tan^. $2*98 and
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO. 224 Main Street Phone 5730
ielder’s.... ....choice
By Betty Wickard Over the fence and out . . . It’s Ward 2 scoring another homer in the co-ed intramural baseball tourney. Victorious last year. Ward 2 Seems to have plenty on the ball again this season, for its hot-shots Martha Schroeder, Evelyn Heeter, and Janette Schafer—a southpaw by the way—have been knocking them over the fence in great style. It is considered quite a feat for a co-ed to slam the ball over the pharmacy building fence from the co-ed baseball diamond, which is located in the southwest corner of the hockey field. —fc— Sororities and PEW big shots are booming up the idea of mixed baseball games, and we shall soon see regular Friday afternoon free-for-alls with one sorority and fraternity combination playing another mixed team. Fraternities interested in the idea, which was formerly a campus custom, are asked to get in touch with Elizabeth Maier, WAA baseball head, or to call the WAA office in the Women’s Gym. —^fc— WAA’s schedule for the next few weeks is packed full of action, for the baseball and tennis tournaments are being played off, and badminton artists are engaging in the second round of their intramural competition. Golf players are now signing up in the Women’s Gym for the
Harden, Barr Win Medals In Fencing Tournament Silver Mask, fencing honorary, awarded medals to the winners in the fencing tournament finals in a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse. D S Maiden won first place, and was awarded a gold medal. R. A. Bair wa^ awarded a silver medal for placing second
golf tournev which will take place soon. —fc— Warm weather leminds many of us of just one thing—swimming time' Knowing that more aquatic enthusiasts will be anxious to practice up on the old crawl come hot days, the PEW department has switched the mixed swim period from Fiiday night to Thursday evening from 8 to 9 o’clock, because of the number of Friday night social functions. Water games and fancy diving will insure plenty of excitement in the Memorial Gym swimming pool. —fc— That pained expression seen on several feminine faces this week is probably caused by the beginning of horseback riding lessons engaged in by regular PEW classes. They are under the able direction of Mr. William Shultze of the Purdue Riding Academy. Beginners are taught the tricks of the trade, from the correct manner of holding the reins and placing the feet in the stirrups to the all-important feat of posting.
WHEN DRiVING IN THE EVENING STOP AND ENJOY A LIGHT LUNCH Try Our
Steaks
Sandwiches
Short Orders
GREEN GABLES Brown Street Levee
YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc. OF INDIANA CmCAQO - WHITING - GARY - VALPARAISO - MONON LAFAYETTE - INDIANAPOLIS Schedule of Doily Bus Service Lohr Hotel Cigar Stand — 4055
EASTER LILIES 75c F. W. WOOLWORTH
Be Comfortable at that next Big Dance in a White Kenya Cloth Formal Coat Full Sleeve and Body Lined BALTIMORE 414 Main^tjoaxL Odbu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TfixticaA,
Friday, April 15, 1936
Jean Stolz Named Pan-Hellenic Prexy Jean Stolz. Alpha Chi Omepa. was elected president of the women's iian-hellenic council at a ineetin.c held Wednesday niedit in the I'nion Ruildinc'. Virginia Laramon . Chi Omee-a. was chosen secretai y-treasiirer. Until this year, the position of pie.-ident of the council has rotated amonc tlie sororities according; to a sched.nle based on the date of establishimnt of the chapter. Betty Klein, Pi Be^a Phi, who was to have held the office declined because of he' dutK" as iiresident of YWCA. To provide for this contingency, the council passed an amendment to the I'an-hellenic constitution, to the etfcct that a g'eneral election should he held for tlie year in which the position was declined, and that in the following year the position should CO to the sorority which declined it. Installation of officers will be held next week by the council that is composed of 14 girls, two representatives from each Greek letter sororitv.
“The Terrible Meek,’’ a religious play by Charles Rann Kennedy, will be presented over WBAA at 4:30 this afternoon by Wesley Players, national dramatic fraternity of the Wesley Foundation. Rev. William McFadden has arI'anged the production for radio presentation. The cast includes Bill Harris, Jr., C .F. Meier, and Isabell Weishaar.
K. L. Blume, Sales Manager of the Indianapolis division, P. A. Geier Co.. Cleveland, 0., is interested in interviewing seniors who wish to enter sales work as well as underclassmen interested in summer employment. Blume's company manufactures household cleaning appartus. He will be glad to talk to those interested today at 1:30 p. m. in room 224, Lahr Hotel.
Ohio State University is cooperating in a radio project designed to strengthen cultural bonds between the U. S. and Mexico.
SEEDS-
Everything for Flowers and Gardens SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main St.
Mother’s Day Invitations Menus for the Banquets Lafayette Printing Company Phone 7828
31 Co-eds Inspect Clothing Factory . Thirty-one home economics students who are specializing in clothing or teaching went on an inspec-' tion trip of the Ward-Stillson Company of Anderson yesterday. This company, manufacturer of Maisonette Frocks, is celebrating its 100th anniversary this” year. The girls were accompanied by Miss Marian Willoughby of the clothin.g and textile department, and Miss Philena Palmer, who is teaching the merchandising courses for the clothing specialists. Before touring the plant, the group was entertained at luncheon by the company.
Tower To Speak On
rr
rr
“Aspects of Hygiene in Marriage” is the subject chosen by Dr. Lucia E. Tower for her lecture to be given in the Women’s lounge of the Union at 8:30 p. m. Open to senior women only, this lecture is the second of a series of four sponsored by WSGA. The next lecture will be given by Dr. Mary Morgan Lee on April 21 and Dr. Ralph Gerard will give the last lecture on April 28. All the speakers, practicing physicians themselves, are especially interested in this phase of education. The meetings are in charge of Dorothy Martenet, vice-president of WSGA.
Notices ■ N* NotiedS Accepted-- After' • p.i
Freshman Swimmers: All freshman swimming team members who have ordered pictures please get them at once in room too in the Fieldhouse. (4-16) —EASTWOOD.
University Choir: Please be at Fowler Hall by 7 :30 Friday, April 15. —STEWART.
- Wesley-Foundation: Morning avatch service Friday, April 15, at 7:30 a. m. Rev. McFadden will lead. —PARSONS.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch service, April 16 at 7 :30. Ennis Jones will be . the leader., —PARSONS.
WAA Tennis: First round of the girls’ doubles tournament must be played off by the end of fhis week. The following girls should play: Shock and Beaudry vs. Schilling and Mather; Walker and Jarrett vs. Bier and Bieseker. Shuber and Gould vs. Bounce and Raebig ; Horne and Jenkins,vs. Major and Bryant; Swift and .Fishleigh vs. Benoret and McLean. Courts may be reserved. Drop in after school and call at WAA office. (4-16) —WALKER.
Purdue Motorcyclists: Short preliminary meeting at Airport Sunday, April 17 at 10 a. m. All riders in^iited. —MARKS, EADE.
Union Workers: Will my committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m,, April 15. —TAYLOR.
Glider Club: Short meeting in room B of the Union at 7 :30 Friday, April 16. New members will be considered. —MOORE.
Union Workers: All girls report to room D at any time in the afternoon, April 15. —CROSSMAN.
Chem 29 Conditions: Condition examinations in Chemistry 29 will be given Saturday, April 16, in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. —McBEE.
PEW Baseball: There will be a practical and written baseball test for those who feel that they have had the equivalent of the course offered in our department. If both tests are passed another activity may be substituted for baseball. Tests will be given Friday, April 15 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —BRADY.
Mixed Recreation: Meeting April 16 at at 7:30 p.m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. This will be the last mixed recreation of the year. —TUBBS. WSGA: Office committee work Friday. April 16. —MERRIELL. WAA Golf: All girls interested in playing golf please sign up immediately on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gym. (4-18) —HIMES.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, April 17 at 7 ;30 p. m. at 326 Chauncey. Bring manuscripts. —FELDMAN. Silver Mask Members: Meet at the south end of the Fieldhouse Friday, April 16 at 10 ;30 p. m. —MEIER.
Varsity Fencers: All lockers must be turned in before noon Saturday, April 16. —MEIER.
Union Workers: All our committees meet in work shop at 4 p. m., Friday, April 15. —MASON, JACOBSON. HARPER, MATTHEWS.
Under the leadership of Georgdnna Huber, chairman of freshman orientation, and Betty Jo Sexton, chairman of transfer orientation, the freshman counseling pro-^ gram for 1938-39 is ready to swing into action. All old counselors, who completed their work last year are being asked to help and letters are being sent to them. Other interested juniors and seniors will be chosen through interviews. The meetings, which will continue throughout the remainder of the semester will begin with an open meeting April 19 at 4:15. All junior and senior women are invited to attend this meeting. President Elliott will speak on “Counseling the Freshmen in Regard to Purdue,” April 26 at 4:30; “Psychology of (Counseling,” May 3 at 4:30; and will lead a round table discussion or May 10, 11, or 12. Women's PE Department
Alpha Phi Omega: All newly initiated members may get their keys from Frangos at the Triangle house. (4-13) —WADLEIGH.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F- Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Christian Foundation: The Purdue Christian Foundation is sponsoring a sunrise breakfast at 6:15 a. m. Easter Sunday at the First Christian Church. The price is 15 cents and everyone is welcome. (4-16) —GRAVES. WAA Archery: Practice at 4 every afternoon. Three practices are required for entry in tournament April 25. —BALCOM.
Special Rates For Easter RENT-A-CAR Phone 6455 Reimers Drive Yourself System, Inc. 314 N. Fourth Street
PORTRAIT and COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
HINEA’S 634 MAIN STREET
8 and 16 mm. Movie Cameras
Eastman Kodak
Miniature Cameras .4 Complete Line of Photo Supplies For the Amateur
In answer to many requests for open swims, the women’s physical education department announces open swims for all co-eds from 7:30 to 8:00, and mixed swimming from 8 to 9 every Thursday night until the end of school.
ADVANCED BALLROOM CLASS Opens Friday, April 22, 7:30 P. M. CAVALRY TROT and NAVAL WALTZ Composed by Mr. Allen will be taught, as well as the CHERRY HOP. Mr. Allen just returned from Chicago and Indianapolis where he instructed the dancing teachers of eight states in these dances ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
AN “EXTRA” MEASURE
Our “Baker’s Dozen” is only twelve, but you’ll find the thirteenth in the superiority of all our bakery items.
IS QUALITY M Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^’
Only 6 More Days Of Our Sensational 10 DAY SALE This sale whieli brings to you unusual savings on our entire stock of merchandise — comes to a close Friday night, April 22. Better hurry before this bargain opportunity is closed to you. Buy Now and Get 10% REDUCTION On Our Entire Stock Of Quality Merchandise
New Location 622"626 Main St.
and the
Prospects of Getting a Car Look Black. I Call a Cab and Get Quick Service Yellow Cab 3071 Phonee 5023
Come in and look over our new Spring Line of Correct apparel. Suits with character and distinction that will appeal to the discriminating man. Fine new fabrics that have eye-appealing yet conservative feeling. Toiloring that makes the most of your figure. Why not come in soon, so we can outfit you without haste for Easterl $22-50 to $40 00