I t
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue Univer^ty
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY September 16,19^ Lafayette, Indlaiia VoL 50 No, 4
Student Passport Distribution Will Begin Monday From Ticket Office No Reserved Seats For Students At Detroit Game Student passports, admitting the bearer to all University athletic events and convocations, will be distributed starting Monday morning from the ticket office in the new Fieldhouse. The pictures for the passports, taken at registration, have been mounted on the cards, which contain a general description of the student. -
The passports will be colored for the different classes as follows: freshmen, green; sophomores, yel-, low; juniors, blue; and seniors, buff. In order to obtain your passport, you must present your schedule card between 8 a. m. and 6 p. m. at the ticket office any day next week. Prof. C. S. Doan, manager of athletic ticket sales, stated last night. . Football Games In connection with the Detroit football game September 24, there will not be any reserved seats for the student body, but there will be a section reserved for the seniors after they finish the class parades. For the Wisconsin and Indiana games, the passport contains two receipts which must be turned into the ticket office before each game, where they will be exchanged for a reserved seat. The same practice will prevail for the home big ten basketball games, the non-confer-ence games will not have any student reserved seats. Military Band Opens Fall Season Wi Practice Session Again under the direction of Professor P. S. “Spots” Emrick, the University Militai’y Band opened the fall season with its first rehearsal yesterday afternoon at four o’clock. In the band headquarters located in the basement of the Armory were assembled well over a hundred men who will make up the famous ^‘All American” marching band which performs maneuvers on the gridiron. Director Emrick considers this year’s aggregation the most talented of any he has ever had, and is formulating many new plans to thrill the spectators on Saturday afternoons, not only in the RossAde staduim here in West Lafayette, but also in the Butler Bowl at Indianapolis, and possibly at the Ohio State stadium in Columbus, Ohio. Among the new features of the band will be a larger drum section which will deliver intricate marching cadences, the same “world’s largest” glockenspiel section, and several new formations and arrangements.
Radio Stage On The Air At 1 Tomorrow Beginning its fourth consecutive year on the air this Saturday afternoon, WBAA’s oldest program, “Radio Stage,” will offer a special feature, “Auto-Humanitas,” based on Karl Capek’s drama, “R-U-R.” Presented in two parts, “AutoHumanitas” will go on the air at 1 p. m. tomorrow for a 45 minute broadcast, and will be concluded in a similar presentation on the following Saturday. A cast exclusively radio-trained for this type of work will participate in the production. Patricia Heine and Joyce Burnham will handle the feminine leads, with Bill Carr, Jack Lane, Joe Martin, Bill Adams, Harold Martin, and Dick Pittinger completing the group. “Prospects for ‘Radio Stage’ this year are marvelous,” Sam Marks, director, said last night. Hayford, Whistler Work On New Staff Capt. B. F. Hayford, adjutant in the University military department for the last four years, has been transferred to the instructional staff for the coming year. Also switched to the instructional staff is Capt. J. M. Whistler, supply officer last year. Replacing Captain Hayford a§ adjutant is Capt. F. M. Morse, who was formerly on the instructional staff. Capt. E. V. Holmes, also formerly on the instructional staff, will take over Captain Whistler’s former duties as supply officer. St. John's To Honor Frosh With Dinner Tonight At 6 Upperclassmen and faculty members planning to attend the St. John’s freshman dinner tonight should make their reservations by phoning 3938 instead of 45162. The dinner will start at 6 p. m. at the St. John’s Episcopal church, 6th and Ferry streets. Freshmen will be admitted free while there will be a charge of 25 cents for others.
Students Cut In Hot Union By Fred Seeking the origin of the strains of “Now It Can Be Told” that were drifting about the Union Building last night, we wandered up two flights of stairs and pushed our way into the tower i-oom. There a jolly crowd of over 75 persons was attending, with stomping feet and gleaming eyes, a practice session of Ifvin Maury and his newly organized orchestra. The crowd was peacefully listening to the ten-piece band and its two girl vocalists when suddenly a well-meaning gentleman representing the Union Building staff appeared and requested the audience to* leave! His speech was short and to the point—if the band was to be allowed to continue practice, they must do it without the congeniality of the audience. We were just a trifle inquisitive as to why the Union must be so dogmatically reluctant to grant students a bit of entertainment on an otherwise dull evening. So tracking down the Union represetttative by his yellow shirt, we wondered
Officials Place Count At 6,484
Official registration figures have shown an increase of 564 students over the number enrolled last year at this time as University classes began yesterday morning. The total of 6,484, recorded at the close of registration Wednesday is expected by officials in charge of enrollment to grow to at least 6,700 when late-comers and graduate students finish reporting. October 1 is the deadline for graduate student registration, the total enrollment on that date a year ago being 6,176.
Late News Bulletin BERLIN, Sept. 15.—Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain returned to London tonight, completely surprising the German foreign office, and raising doubts there tonight that he would come baekT Officials feared his decision might mean the^British prime minister and Hitler soon recognizeidi they could not ^see eye to eye on the Sudeten question at their conference.
Orrin^s Songbirds
PRAGUE, Sept. 15.—The inner council of the Czechoslovak cabjnet tonight ordered the arrest of Konrad Henlein, the Sudeten German minority leader, on a charge of treason. The action came shortly after the Sudeten leader altered his demands for autonomy to complete annexation by Nazi Germany.
Adding their voices to the “subdued swing” of Orrin Tucker and his orchestra tonight in the Union ballroom will be the Bailey Sisters, twin exponents of mellow harmony and swingy singing. Orrin Turker Plays For Mixer Tonight; Glen Goff fo 'Jam It' Tomorrow Eve Orrin Tucker, subdued swingster, and his orchestra will play for tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom from nine until twelve. Orrin’s vocalists for the evening will be the Bailey sisters and Bonnie Baker, adding colorful sophistication to his smooth rhythmatic style of music. Tomorrow night will welcome in the first swing session of the season, with Glen Goff and his campus band jamming it. Featured with Goff and his band will be three vocalists, Betty McQuisten, Vfern Breitweiser, and Jack Silver. The program, which will precede the regular mixer, will start at 7:15, and'last one hour.
500 Co-«b Fill
1
Own Throats Jam Sessions
(audibly) just wh the rhythm fans ^ had to leave. Mr. Yellow Shirt made it all very clear to us. It seems that when something on the order of this little session occurs, students in the audience get rambunctious and give very little thought to the furniture Consequently, the Union Building’s furnishings take it on the chin. Then as a result, the students have to be shut out completely. In short, what Mr. Yellow Shirt was driving at was—“the students cut their own throats.” ' Says he, “It’s the same way in the coi-ridor to the ballroom. The students mill around, look through the windows, and end up by standing on the upholstered furniture in order to see the bands.” It was actions of this nature, according to him, that inspired the Union officials to order the erection of some screens which shut out the view completely. Again the students cqt their own throats. ^ Agreeing that the Union definitely had grounds for clearing the tower room of jive fans, we left (Continued on page 3)
Faculty Lounge For YWCA Tea Guests at the YWCA tea overflowed from the faculty lounge and balcony to the grill and sweet shop yesterday afternoon. About five hundred counselors, freshmen, and old girls, wearing colored name cards, drank punch and ate cookies and exchanged gossip about classes and teachers. Completely drowned out at times was the piano music played by Marie Wetzel and Rosemary Robinson. Booklets given to the girls as they entered the lounge explained YWCA activities for the freshmen. Betty Klein, YW president, and Miss Clare Coolidge, club advisor, served as roving hostesses along with»YW cabinet members. Helen Conver was in chai ge of the tea. YWCA activities will continue with a vesper service Sunday afternoon in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Miss Muriel MacFarland, of the Education department will speak. Martha Baker is in charge of the program. Scheduled YW meetings are on Tuesday and Wednesday, September 20 and 21, at 4 p. m. On Tuesday, the committees on Settlement House and Religion and Philosophy will have charge of the program. The committees in charge of Literature and Cary Home will direct Wednesday’s meeting. Union To Arrange Year's Dance Schedule Today At 4 Heads of all activities planning to 'sponsor dances in the Union ballroom this year will meet in room F' of the Union Building at 4 o’clock this afternoon, according to an announcement made yesterday by G. W. Matthews, president of the Student Union. The purpose of the meeting will be to arrange dates for all of the dances to be held in the Union ballroom during the next two semesters.
Intrasquad Football Game Opens Season Tomorrow
Attend Picnic Wesley Players, student religious dramatic organization, enjoyed a picnic recently at the Wesley Foundation. During the business meeting, it was decided that the group should meet on alternate Thursday evenings at the Foundation, their next meeting being September 29. The play selection committee reported that “Bury the Dead” had been selected for the Players’ annual peace play; but due to the fact that it had already been advertised b Playshop, another play would be selected by the Committee, members of which are William McFadden and Cecil Warner. Try-outs for this play will be at 4 and 7 o’clock Tuesday, September 27. Steen Accepts New York College Job Edwin B. Steen, a former staff member of the biology and forestry departments, has accepted a pfosition on the staff of the College of the City of New York, for the coming year. Steen graduated from Wabash College, received his master’s degree from Columbia University, and last June he received a degree of Philosophy in Zoology. For several years Steen was on the_^staff of the Agriculture Experimental Station, and is the present Conservation Advisor for the Indiana Division of the Izaak Walton League of Am-
erica.
Regular WSGA Co-ed Hours Go Into Effect Regular WSGA rules governing co-ed hours will go into effect with the start of classes. Hours set as the deadline for co-ed “daters” are as follows: Friday and Saturday, 1 o’clock for all girls; Sunday, 11 o’clock includes all; and Monday through Thursday, 11 o’clock for upperclassmen. However, rules for WRH residents are slightly different; 7 o’clock must be observed by all unless extra-curricular activities, basketball or convos are planned, at which times 8:30 is the deadline.
Debris Issues Call For Soph, Frosh Editorial Staffs First meeting for Debris sophomore and freshman editorial workers will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Debris office on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, tlebris officials stated yesterday. Due to the fact that the yearbook will be larger than ever this year, freshmen are encouraged to come out for the staff according to an announcement made yesterday by F. W. Winter, Editor-in-Chief. Workers will sign up this afternoon and work will begin next Monday. An increase in all the junior staffs will mean greater opportunities for positions next year. According to Editor Winter, it will\be to everyone’s advantage to attend the first meeting as organization of the staffs must be completed as soon as possible. Skull And Crescent
/
Announces Date For Freshmen Mixer Skull and Crescent, sophomore activity honorary, held their first meeting as an active body last night in room A of the Union Building. The freshmen mixer, being the first project of the year’s program, took most of the time of the meeting. Green potter elections and the Sophomore Cottilion, which are both sponsored by Skull and Crescent, were also discussed. Friday, September 23, is the date for the freshmen mixer which is free to all coeds and freshmen eds. Complete plans for the freshmen mixer will be published in a later issue of the
Exponent.
Purdue Engineer Calls For New Staff Workers Freshman and sophomore engi-
neering students who have literaryj^/^^S^ some spare cash, he stated, ambitions will be given the chance Started last semester as a nonto further their aims by responding profit, all student-operated service to the call for editorial workers by to the students of the University, the Purdue Engineer next Monday the book exchange bids fair for anafternoon. other successful season.
At a meeting scheduled for 4:15 in room B of the Memorial Union Building, J. Taylor, editor-in-chief will explain the aims and purposes of the magazine and initiate the freshmen into the mysteries of publishing a campus engineering mag-
azine monthly.
Previewing Boilermaker football hopes for the approaching gridiron season, two squads picked from the varsity team will meet Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock in the annual Gimlet-sponsored game at Ross-Ade Stadium. This intra-squad game was instituted last year to replace the annual frosh-varsity contest which was discontinued because freshman scrinunages don’t start until the week school begins. This game has been called on short notice since Gimlet, campus athletic honorary, had not expected to sponsor the game this fall. Last night Coach “Mai” Elward pitted his first and second string backs against a defensive team made up of picked sophomores. The regulars had much better success in breaking through the sophomore defense than the reserves did. Brock, Brown, and Nesbitt had little trouble getting through the holes the varsity line opened in the sophomore defense, with the aid of some finbv blocking by quarterback Hennis. \possi, sophomore tackle candidate,' displayed enough speed to enable him to pull out of his tackle position and stick with the, ball carrier giving him additional in-
terference.
Tickets for Saturday’s game may be purchased at the Union desk, at Deac’s or Southworth’s in the village, or from any Gimlet member. Book Exchange Outsells Last Semester's Mart; More Tech Books Needed “Already over $300 more books have been sold by this fall’s book exchange than last semester’s, and it has been operating less than one half as long.” Bob Buckley, publicity director of the student-oper-ated exchange, waxed enthusiastic. In the ten days that last semester’s exchange was open, $2,443 worth of books were handled against the $2,732 that have been sold already
this semester.
Emphasizing the point that more books could be sold if only the students would bring them in to the exchange. Bob said that English, Econ, Math, and all technical books have been going like the proverbial hot-cakes. Students anxious to get rid of some of their old textbooks should find no difficulty in bring-
The Weather Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness Friday; Saturday, generally fair and slightly warmer.
Stubby Meier Sounds Out Student Opinion On Co-ed Cheer Leader
By Larry O’Neill McGuire Prompted by suggestions from several students to the effect that the University should have co-ed cheer leaders as well -as men, C. S. “Stubby” Meier, head cheer leader, wandered around the campus yesterday evening gathering a few definite opinions of students picked at random. Sully Mason, encountered in the Union shortly after the idea was conceived, popped out, “Good idea.” Louise Schickler, also around the Union, was not so very enthusiastic, saying, “It’s o. k. if the co-eds like it.” “Don’t quote me,” Union prexy Matthews stated. Phi Gam “Drummer Boy” Bill Smith said, “Just what the University cheer leaders needed ever since I've been here.” Basketball man Brinduse offered only “Zowie.”
(At this point Stubby commented that more interviewees would have said that only they were afraid that they might hurt his feelings.) “Why didn’t I think of that ?” excheer leader Walt Burnell grinned, whdti Stubby accosted him. “Sounds like they want co-eds, doesn’t it ?” Stubby commented, not mentioning the answer that Bob McDonald, Exponent Sports Editor offered as follows: “Girls are all right in their place, but as long as this is a man’s school, let's keep it a man’s school.” Yesterday’s first meeting for the cheer leaders was attended by 17 prospective cheer leaders. W. R. “Bud” Fenstermaker, cheer manager, addressed the group of novices, describing the work and the general plans for the year. Stubby Meier followed with a descriptive demonstration on the finer points of cheer leading.£diJbMial
THE PORDtIE EXPONENT
J'StajtwuiA
Friday# September 16# 1938
Both Sides... ... of a question must always be considered for clear understanding. In Exponent’s editorial \columns and news columns an attempt is made to present fairly all viewpoints on controversial Campus subjects. The Exponent will not support candidates or parties in elections and will not permit itself to be used as a tool in campus politics. Exponent will, however, support or discourage projects, ideas, and other such things in a purely impersonal manner. Often we will 1^ accused of partisanship or other narrow-minded traits. To avoid this and to enable others to supply any viewpoints we may miss, we invite our readers to submit their ideas in the form of material to be published in the column “Letters to the Editor.” To be eligible for publication, letters must be signed. That must necessarily be an unbreakable rule. We will withhold publication of the name, however, if necessary. Any such names which are not printed for reasons obvious to our readers will be held in strict confidence. Letters should be limited to 150 words in length. We will reserve-the right to edit longer letters if necessary because of space limitations. Exponent assumes no responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column, but presents them as readers’ comments, for what they may be worth. Intra-Squad Football... ... replaces the annual freshman-varsity encounter this year at the season’s first football game Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade Stadium. The intra-squad ,game has been arranged because freshman players have had no time as yet to organize and practice. Saturday’s game will provide an excellent opportunity for the class of ’42 to form their Green Potters organization. In years past freshman Green Potters have paraded en masse to this first game. Since this time has come so soon this year it would be in order for some self-appointed frosh leaders to come forth and organize a parade for SatjUrday. Last year’s Green Potter officers and Skull
the Purdue Exponent
RKPRKSBNTBD for NATIONAU ADVKNTIStNa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers RepresentaSive 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicASO ' Boston ' Los Anoelbs • Ban Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette^ Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided "for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and vreekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager......
..H. I. Stanback ....R, R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A, Bailey Associate Editors-.-.G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager.. M. C, Beeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager ; — —^.W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager — .....H. W.'Nevin Accounts Manager. — —E. Smith Art Director...,. —D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF , Editor.... — Sally McKee. Associate Editors —:r..~ Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPOBTS STAFF Editor. B. L. McDonald Associate Editors ..J. A. Hebbeler, B. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITOBIAL OFFICE Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office. BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the pffcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Wist Friday, September 16, 1938 and Grescenfmen will find it has been their customary duty to see that the new students turn out for this parade. Let’s have no slip up this year . . . the Green Potters should be ready to join Gimlet, Reamer, and Skull and Crescent men in putting across next week’s Detroit game pep sessions.
Well that good old first day is over with and everyone is satisfied—I don’t th^nk. The freshmen now feel that they are in the swing of thinj^s—^the sophomores know they. are—the juniors think that they own the joint—and the seniors would sell the whole works for a song. It seems that the sororities are suggesting—ahem—to the freshmen girls that they don’t date the athletes. What’s the matter, have some of the sisters got their pins? Some of us use alarm clocks, some of us even depend upon the freshmen, but PAUL EMERSON, at the Delt house depends upon “faithful” NATALIE HAWKINS to call before he’ll leave the arms of good ol’ Morpheus. The story is floating around that some of the fraternities on the campus are having rather a hard time pledging our freshmen friends. Or should we say that the campus
SPECIAL Senior Cords INCLUDING DERBY $3.S0 KING CLOTHES West Side of Square
brothers are having a hull-of-a-time hood-winking the lads. This is rather late but as the old saying goes, “better late than never.” It seems that GENE NEWTON—the SPE trouble-shooter— asked BETTY JO SEXTON for a date, at the date bureau, to go rat hunting. The best that BETTY JO could do was to suggest the Purdue Sportswoman-better known as our co-ed Huskies. FAMOUS LAST WORDS— “I was just taking it easy, I did not know another fraternity was rushing him.” Two of the cutest kiddies at the YW co-ed tea yesterday afternoon were Sully Mason and Bill Millholland. The boys dropp^in for a cup of tea, and were very graciously presented to the dean. strongly
suspect their underlying motive to be a desire for a peek at the new crop of freshies. The secret of the Engineer sales cmpaign is out. Fred Stamm, who spent the summer selling Fuller brushes was working on the staff at registration.
Four Alexanders—a father and three sons—are enrolled in the University of Toledo.
1^:
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
He was too perfect in a “Perfect Crime”!
with
Lewis Stone
Tom Brown
—PLUS— A girl without a chance—at the mercy of men "without hearts! “WOMAN AGAINST THE WORLD” with Ralph Forbes - Alice Moore
TODAY - SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
T4ti TUflEE MEMMITiiKf
MICHAEL WHALEN LYNN BAR!
Prof. Knapp, J. Lingo Appointed To Coundi Prof. W. A, Knapp, assistant dean of the University engineering schools, and Joseph L. Lingo, safety director on the University staff, were recently appointed to an Indiana state safety council by Governor C. M. Townsend. Also appointed to the committee of 61 industrial, civic, and professional leaders, was Mayor William N. Teal, of Lafayette. Radio Club To Meet Tuesday For Year's First Meeting Radio Club members will hold their first meeting of the semester next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the Eectrical Engineering Building. At the meeting, talks will be given by club members concerning the new receiver and control panels that have been installed. Also, at this meeting, plans for the reorganization of the club will be discussed, so that all members and those interested in joining the club are asked to be pjesent, Ed Thompson, president of the club stated yesterday. Roger Williams Club Eleds Officers Wednesday Members of the Roger Williams Club cabihet met Wednesday evening and elected officers to fill the vacancies left by those students not returning to school this fall. To the office of president of the cabinet was elected David B. Nelson, ME ’40. Jack ■ Williamson, Ag ’39, was chosen as president of the discussion group for the year. Plans for various activities of the group were also discussed.
liMiSTU
TODAY
SATURDAY
AIR-CONDITIONED
DAD’S PLACE-So HandY Welcomes you back and offers you a complete new stock of everything in our line. Everything as fresh as money can buy. Freshmen will find that Dad gives as fast service as human hands can work.
and
also ‘ZORRO RIDES AGAIN” No. 3
TYRONI ALICE DON POWER - FAYE -AMECHE ond • ETHEL MERMAN • JACK HALEY
— Last Times Toifay-—•
S t a r f- i n g TOMORROW SRAWN £NoarH •tarring GEORGE RAFT HENRY DOROTHY FONDALAMOUR A Paramount Picture with Akim Tamiroff • John Barrymore Louise Platt • Lynne Overman
GRIN AND BEARIT
By Lldilv
9-ft?
C«fr. im tr OnNei fiMiten SfoOeatai Bm.
T’ll have to buy that stuck-up Mrs. Snodgrass a present, or she’ll never believe we were over here/’
HAYS JEWELRY CO, East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
If it^s variety that you want, we have It—• and In every variety of baked goods that we offer, you will find the maximum in taste and food Value. Graves quality Bakery
EVENING Sandals
$
2
,98 and $3.48
• White • Silver • Gold • Black • Combination High, Medium and Low Heels
OEBS HENE COMPANYBIG TEk BANDWAGON
M. H. Ingleman Sets New 'Education Comes First/ Purdue Record in Bittiard Etward Toils Freshmen
Match With 'Pop' Whitney At Coulter Hall Meeting
Bo McMillin is working out his kickers in anticipation of anxious moments during the coming season. Captain Graham, Swede Clasen, and Vince Oliver are the vets who have been doing the kicking during practice, while Bo is working with five sophs on both kicking and passing. ^ B--B—B Shaughnessey’s Maroons at Chicago have already begun scrimmaging. This is unusual on the Midway to begin so early, as the opener is 17 days from the start of the first scrimmage. Observers of the Maroon squad in practice unanimously state that this year’s eleven is a great improvement over last season’s. B—B—B
P. E. “Pop” Whitney, head of the Union billiard room, defeated M. H. Ingleman, Purdue senior, 200 to 126 in a match held last night in the billiard room, but in defeat Ingleman established a new Purdue record.
Ingleman’s 6 6/24 average for the 24 innings of play wiped out the old record of 4 2/17 held jointly by George Hunter, Lee Purcell, and Ingleman. The old record was established in three separate matches with Whitney in 1936, the year that the above trio led Purdue to the National Intercollegiate title.
Approximately 200 freshmen turned out last night at Stanley Coulter Hall in response to the first call for freshmen football players. They first met al of the varsity coaching staff, after which they were addressed by varsity coach, “Mai” Elward.
A crowd of more than 160 jammed the room for the match. Whitney had high runs of 37, 28, and 26 while Ingleman’s high runs were 20, 18, and 17.
Elward emphasized the fact that they were coming to Purdue to get an education rather than to play football. He also stated, “Those who work, fight, and play hard will be those who will be holding down the varsity positions 'in the coming years/ while those who loaf and stall around will never get very far as far as playing on the varsity is concerned.”
Among other things, Shaughnessey has halfback John Davenport, who holds the Big Ten championship for the 100 yard dash, and a classy soph, Littleford, who was shifted from center to end so that he could be drawn back to kick. Lew Hamity, Sollie Sherman, and Ed Valory all are veteran punters. B—B—B
destined to take over one of the wing back posts with Norman Purucket at the other. Harmon can pass and kick exceptionally well. B—B—B
Quarterback Gage and fullback Paskavan are among the outstanding sophomores at Wisconsin, where Stuhldreher is trying to build up an aerial attack. Outside of Bill Schmitz, who was a sophomore star last year, Stuhldreher has five potential passers. B—B—B With passing and protection of kickers on the practice program for early this week at Michigan, it looks as if Fritz Crisler may be trying to revive the almost invincible “pass-punt-prayer” tsqpe of football vfliich kept the Wolverines at the top of the conference a few years ago. Tom Harmon, most sought after high school player in the middle west two ears ago, is
With practically all eleven regular positions definitely filled by lettermen, Northwestern has settled down to a set first team in preseason drills. The backfield consists of Conteas at quarterback, Ryan and Jefferson at the halves, and Laskay at fullback. Waldorf has that foursome clicking, and hopes to retain it in that form so that it will be “old stuff” to them when the Wildcats open the season against Kansas State on October 1. B—B—B
The meeting was turnecr over to head freshman coach, Elmer Bumham, who reiterated Elward’s point that studies were far more iihportant than football, and that every freshman’s first duty was to pass in his studies. He also pointed out that an ineligible football player was entirely worthless to his team. The first practice will be held tomorrow afternoon at four o’clock on Stewart Field. All freshmen who were not at last night’s meeting and who are interested in turning out for freshman football should contact the freshman coach, Elmer Burnham.
Students Cut—
(Continued from page 1)
At Illinois the reverse is true. During the middle of this week 10 of the first 11 men were sophomores and there were, five more on the second outfit. Only two seniors appeared on the first two teams. Schwenk, halfback, paced the sophs, while senior Wehrli got loose for some long gains during scrimmage.
with the parting sigh, “Well, it certainly would be swell if they could arrange for the students to attend the practice sessions and still do no damage.” “Yeah,” finished Yellow Shirt, with an “I-got-you-there” tone in his voice, “but how are you going to do it?” And how are we?
WELCOME STUDENTS!
SOPHOMORES
JUNIORS
SENIORS
All have their own reasons for preferring Crown Clean-
ing Service.
FRESHMEN should learn the reason for this prefer-
ence.
Laundry
riNE CLEANERSOr FINECLOTHES
^ ....choice
rossCounffy
Men Prepare For Tough Fall Schedule
Back on the campus after a twoyear absence, Duane Purvis seems little changed . . . still wearing his customary .“T” shirt, slouch hat withJhrim turned Up, and ever present smile, Duane is definitely anxious to get started back to work with the freshmen football squad.
Forty freshmen and 55 varsity crdss country and fall track men attended a meeting held yesterd^ afternoon in the Fieldhohse. Coach Hermon Phillips outlinea the general program for early practice and conditiong before the opening meet October 1.
-fc-
Duane left Purdue in the fall of ’35 after spending the season as assistant to Elmer Burnham, freshman football coach . . . accepting a position with the General Motors Finance Corporation, he lived in Chicago until the spring of 1936 ... teaming with his brother, Jim, he left Chicago for the West, spending most of his time in California.
—^fc-
After trying a little of everything in the Golden State, including a short turn with the cinema industry, Duane returned to Indiana?^ . by September 1936, he was again in the money business, this time with a finance company in Decatur.
In April 1937, Diiane lost in a bad fight with Kid Cupid and married pretty Dorothy Mae Evans of Lafayette . . . the newlyweds left for the west coast and ended up in Boulder City, Nev. . . . here Duane worked with a tourist concern, in guiding wide-eed tourists about the fascinating works of Boulder Dam. —fc—
After a summer of this, Duane and Dotty Mae left for the more pleasant surrounding which are advertised so copiously in the advertisements of the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce . . . the Purvises enjoyed the Los Angeles climate, etc., until December, when they returned to their native Mid-West.
National League W L Pet. GB Pittsburgh 78 56 ‘ .582 Chicago 76 60 .559 3 Cincinnati 75 61 .551 4 New York ........76 62 .547 4% Boston .68 67 .504- 10 Vz St. Louis 65 72 .474 14% Brooklyn .62 73 .459 16 Ya Philadelphia ......43 91 .321 35 Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 7; New York, 2. American League W L Pet. GB New York 93 43 .684 Boston ......78 58 .574 15 Cleveland ..........77 69 .666 16 Detroit 72 65 .526 21% Washington 68 70 .493 31 Chicago 56 76 .427 34% Philadelphia 60 87 .365 43% St. Louis , .47 84 ,359 43% Yesterday’s Results Philadelphia, 4-1; Chicago, 5-0. Washin^on, 6; St. Louis, 4. Detroit, 6; New York, 4. Cleveland, 3-2; Boston, 2-3.
The 1938 cross country schedule starts out with a meet with Pittsburgh. Last year the Pitt team defeated the Boilermakers, although Art Bodeau, Gold and Black runner, finished first on a course which was unusually hilly for the Riveters. This year the Panthers may feel at home on the Boilermaker track, which was made during the summer in Hills and Dales.
Indiana Here November 5
Against Wabash, the second opponent, the first nine men to finish were the Gold and Black. Illinois defeated the Boilermakers last year by three points. Wisconsin, fou^h on the schedule, has one of the better cross country teams every year. Butler has been on the schedule for years. The Hoosiers come here November 5.
State Meet
Following the six dual meets are three large meets. The State meet will be held at Butler on November 12. On the following week the Big Ten meet will be held here. This will be the first time in several years that this meet has been held, and this year’s is a “test” meet, so that it can be determined whether or not the conference, really wants the meet.
-fc-
Back once more at Old Purdue,
Duane will resume his work as assistant fr^hman football coach under Elmer Layden . . . asked how he enjoed the West, Duane replied, “The climate’s fine, but there are too many peofple after the same job, and I’m glad to be back at Purdue.”
ALLEN*:. SCHOOL OF DANCI NCI
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY
ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS MONDAY, SEPT. 19, 7:30 P. M. NEW ADVANCED CLASS OPENS FRIDAY, SEPT. 23, 7:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S BALLET AND TAP CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1st
PHONE 2150
If,
Two days after Big Ten meet, the NCAA meet will be held at East Lansing, Michigan, to close the Boilermaker schedule. • “Mentally mark down the man who finished just ahead of you when you practice,” Phillips told the men Wednesday in a pep talk. “Then on the next day, beat that man. Next beat the man who was ahead of him, and we will have a squad of men who are trying just a little harder all the time.” Ail freshmen who wish to go out for either fall track or cross coimtry are advised bys Coach Phillips to report to freshman Coach Howard Wilkenirig at the Fieldhouse as soon as possible. Following is the 1938 crpss country schedule: Oct. 1—Pittsburgh, here. October 8—^Wabash, at Crawfordsville. Oct. 15—Illinois, here. Oct. 22—^Wisconsin, here. Oct. 29—Butler, here. Nov, &—Indiana, here. Nov. 12—State Meet, at Indianapolis. Nov. 19—^Big Ten meet, here. Nov. 21—NCAA meet, at East Lansing, Mich.
(Advertisement No. 2)
Our No. 50 Student Special Desk For September Only
The desk "that you have always wanted” for your study room. Made of selected Indiana Oak.
MADE IN INDIANA by Skilled Workers—for Purdue Students This is the best Studenfs Desk in the world
PRICE 19.00
FREE
A fine leather corner desk pad and blotter given FREE with each desk.
Length 42 in. Width 30 in. Height 30 in. Weight 110 pounds Three Large Drawers, Il»/2x4«4x22 in, and One Large Center Drawer *1116 Writing Bed is 5-Ply 1 Inch 'Thick
Add $1.00 for Walnut or M^ogany
ALL DESKS have center drawer with lock
PHONE 4085 HAYWOOD’S Retail Department Established 1826 Fifth and Ferry Sts.
-im.
• y
THE POBDtJE EXPONENT
Piiddiy/ Sdpifombox 16, 1938
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 60c cheaper at DEWENTERS. Say R. P. Maaion sent you.
GENERAL ELECTRIC RADIOS •—Student models $12.95 up. Central Appliance Shop, 422 Columbia street.
CANDIDATES—Foi your printing of Letteiheads, Envelopes, (Lafayette Bond), Tickets, Menus, Ballots, Invitations, Announcements, etc—Lafavette Printing Co, 511 Ferrv St Phone 7828
TYPEWRITERS — All makes, standard ^d portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supples C F Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Two-cai gaiage. D a cai 103 Russell Phone 2871.
WANTED—Youi order foi Paper Towels, Papei Napkins, and Toilet Papei Phone 7828 Lafayette Printing Co
FOR SALE—1939 Aiimastei radio—23 smait, distinctive models, $8 95 up. Howaid Hamilton, 139 S. Giant Dial 35204
ROOMS FOR RENT—One double loom, single beds, showei Newly furnished Phone 7764 122 Pierce.
APPT FOR RENT—Two co-eds In/mg in a three-room nicely foiv nished apartment near the campus, wish to share same with two other girls. Apartment stea mheated and furnished with electric refrigeration Phone 2305
FRATERNITY BULLETINS — We print many fiatermty bulletins. Let us figure on yours Lafayette Printing Co, 511 Ferry St, Lafayette
ROOMS FOR STUDENTS—Rent reasonable 126 Columbia street Phone 61402
BEITISS BROGUeS
$5.00
You’ll like the masculine lines of this smart new British Brogue by Jarman —Come in and look over all our new Jarman Fall styles. J SHOES FOR MEN OTHER MAKES
Fortune at Bostonian at
$4.00 $7.50
and Jder
By Georgann Schilling
FouHd-'-^um of money in Dead of Men^s office. Owner may have same by describing container. —M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Social life IS certainly reaching a new high around here. What with legistration over and classes being organized, the time to play has come. And the Union seems to be the place According to reports from the Date Buie^u, the situation IS again reversed and the supply of avarlable males ts once more in excess of the grrls desrrmg social engagements I —0— Orchids to the blase lushees who aie doing much to make the campus a pleasant place these lazy Septembei days The foimal lushing season IS not due to open for sororities until October 1, but many of the attractive fieshmen are dressing up foi the pie-iush glances “Music Maestro, Please” may well be the request of every lad and lass this week-end. Tonight’s program calls for none other than Ornn Tucker and his band direct from the Edgewater Beach Hotel in Chicago. Then Glen Goff’s band will not only play foi the mixer Saturday night, but will also hold a jam session eaily Satuiday evening in the ballloom Oh, yes, the popular Campus Vaiieties ladio program under the direction of Hank Miller will return to the ail on Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock Bud Bryant and his band will be featured on this hourly broadcast from Eliza Fowler Hall. So the student plea for MUSIC should be well answered during the next two days. —0— Some funny things seem to have happened to HIM and HER at registration. Several girls requested lockers in the Fieldhouse, one lad inquired who this fellow Eliza Fowler is, and one freshman filled out his class cards so completely that he even gave himself a B in every subject. One of the neatest new cars on the campus is the convertible of Dan Heiple, a SPE and sophomore engineering student.
Surveying Make Up: CEB exam will be held in room 101 of the Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, September 17, from 1 to 4 p m Permits to take the exam must be secured before this date in room 102 —LOMMEIi
Radio Club: Meeting m room 264 of the EE Building, Tuesday, September 20, at 7'30 p m Please use north door —GANNON.
EngineMs—4'hoae interested lit Wotklng l)ebris Editorial Workers: AH sophomore on the Fufdue Ettgineetr staff iit room ahd freshmen interested in Debris work reB of the Memorial Union Building at 4:16 port to the Debris office at 4 p m., Friday, Monday, Sepfc 19 September 16. —TAYLOR —WINTER
Campus Varieties: All students connected with the Campus Varieties radio program last year call radio station 6076 and leave their phone numbers —MILLER.
Horseback Riding: Meeting Friday, September 16, at 4 p m. in the Women’s Gym, for all women interested in joining riding class, which meets Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday at 1 30 or 2‘30 There will be a fee of $6 for eight lessons —KNIGHT
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon, Saturday, September 24 —RISING
Exponent Work Schedule: Friday—night ed, Terrio , stooge, Frederick , issue ed, Patterson , proof, Heiple, marker, Willsey Saturday—night ed, Insley, stooge. Woodson , issue ed. Beer, proof, Massey, marker, Miers —HARDIN.
Freshmen: Frosh football managers report to the Fieldhouse in the varsity equipment room at 4 30 p m Thursday and Friday —FRUSCH.
All Fraternity Presidents: Please get m touch with Swan at the Phi Delt house some time Friday; September 16 —DEAN
All Students: Passports will be distributed from the ticket office in the Fieldhouse staiting Monday, September 19 —DOAN Social Chairmen, Student Organizations. Meeting Friday, September 16, at 4 p m , in room F of the Union Building to arrange ballroom dance schedule for the school year All organizations must be represented —MATTHEWS
Gimlet Club: All members meet at the Phi Delt house at 7 16, Friday, Sept 16 —SWAN
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting Tuesday, September 20, at 6 p m at the Phi Delta Theta house Selection of fall pledges —SWAN
Mortar Board: Meeting Satuiday September 17, at 1 p m in the WSGA office. Discussion of insignia and year s plans —WOOD
CioseShavmr A PRODUCT OF REMINGTON RAND SiWucn, tftoL reaHSif FEATURES: Double-action Diamond-Brand shaving head that shaves both long and short hairs close as a blade ... no breaking in . . . gives satisfaction from the start no radio interference . ». self-starting motor
110-120 VOLTS AC
dCcsefei lOEB&HENE COMPANY
\ the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Locksmith
• Bookstores
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Shop Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR LUTHER A RISK DR PAUL A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK \ DR ROBERT G RISK 400 SCHULTZ BLDG PHONE 5701
• Hardware
Everything In HARDWARE PAINTS ‘floor wax JOHN SFERB HARDWARE 822 Mam
• Beauty Studio
correct BEAUTY TREATMENT Kienly Beauty Studio
• Jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St
• Photography **
Scobee's REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St West Lafayette
• Printing
• Tailor
s^rvTe flRINTING Office Siationcry . . Q 1 Weddina InvIUllont B Mm Books, Etc.... PHONE ^ ^ 2628 LAb^bL b 408 FERRY
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry Streets
STREET CARS—Cany youi ads —We piint them on a short notice Lafayette Printing Co 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828.
for refreshing mildness ... for pleasing aroma... for better taste... the things that really count in a cigarette . . . smokers are turning to Chesterfield. It takes good things to make a good product. That’s why we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have . . . mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper... to make Chesterfield the cigarette that smokers say is milder and better-tasting.
B&w Shoe Co.
Chesterfield Time on Your Radio PAUL Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening AH a B. S. StaHons PAUL Douglas Daily Sports Program SI Leading N.B.C. StattMs «