*
K-r
Z-186
.>'rt^.*r' * **.v.-.i'-.-t/-.-'+:.-
FRIDAY
Mdretl 31, 193d
Lafayette, Indfana
VoLSO
No. 152
Dr. Alan Valentine
To Dive Address At
Judges Name D. H. Sprmg Best Dressed Bd After Final Canvass In Union Yesterday
Discussions By High School Coaches
Baccalaureate Here
President Alan Valentine, youthful head of the University of Rochester at Rochester, N. Y., will deliver the baccalaureate address at the University to graduating seniors Sunday afternoon. May 7, it wa sahnounced here today by President E. C. Elliott.
Officially closing the best dressed ed contest yesterday afternodn at 6:46, the judges withdrew to a corner of the Ttten’s lounge of the Union and compared notes to decide on the winners.
The plan of holding the baccalaureate services here as the climax of annual Gala Week for returning alumni and graduates, more than a month in advance of commencement, has met with wide favor.
D. H. Spring was chosen as the best dressed ed, D. W. Rankin was placed second, third Went to R. R. Mullett, fourth to H. T. Clark, and fifth to J. N. Lemon. Honorable 'mention was give^ to J. S. Marquis, R. D. Rohrbaugh, G. W. Breuer, R. W. Michaels, J. H. Dean, H. E. Williams, W. E. Beal, E. G. Carpenter, R. B. Wehrung, C. J. Peters, and W. G. Stevens.
A native of Glen Cove, N. Y., Dr. Valentine was graduated from Swarthmore in 1921 and obtained a master’s degree from the University of Pennsylvania a year later, while serving on the instructional staff. He then attended Oxford University in England, obtaining an honorary bachelor’s degree in 1925 a masters degree three years later, having served as a representative of the Oxford University press during the latter period.
Prizes which will be awarded to the first five are a Cravonette allweather coat, a McGreggor sweater, an Aetna hat, a Manhattan shirt and tie, and an Arrow shirt and tie in that order.
Prize Donors Donors of the prizes, which are still on display in the Union, include the Baltimore Clothes Shop, Dew-
enter and Co., Geisler’s Clothes
He holds honorary doctor’s degrees from Syi’acuse, Amherst, Union; Rutgers, Swarthmore, Hobart, and Alfred. Dr. Valentine is the author of “The English Novel,” and has been actively identified with many educational programs in ,the east.
Housing Convention
Housing of men students will be discussed by representatives from all Big Ten universities, Michigan State, Miami University, DePauw, Lawrence, and Cai’leton College, in an informal discussion confei’ence to be held at Purdue April 3 and 4.
Shop, Gullion’s Clothing Store, and Henry Rosenthal. Winners will be awarded the prizes at 7 ;30 p. m. today in the great hall of the Union and a formal dare has been issued for the cagey co-ed to be present. After a week of scouting the entire campus in search of candidates for ^he title of the best dressed ed, the judges descended upon the Union yesterday afternoon, and in a trek leading them through the entire building, from Sweet Shop to Music Room via all activity offices, added the names of many possible contenders to an already large list. Would be Joes received quite a going over from the critical gaze of the judging committee, who missed nothing which was out of place,
Home Ec Clubs Pick
Administration, social programs, food service, student government, counselors, study conditions, building plans, low cost cooperative dormitories, and special services for dormitory students such as tutorial systems, music organizations, vocational - educational guidance, athletic programs, special clubs, and dormitory news sheets, will be some of the subjects discussed.
Catherine Cooley '40, For Vice-President
G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of the Franklin Levering Cary Memorial Halls at Purdue, is in charge of the conference.
Senate Completes
student Senate members have just completed a survey of all University instructors to get their attitudes on a set of 19 questions con-cei-ning grading systems, final examinations, and test methods. As yet the results of this poll are not fully tabulated, but Senate officials promise an early publication date for the instructors’ viewpoints. The questions along with a general survey of the answers will be published in the Exponent soon after spring vacation.
Extra-Curricular Activities
Deadline Postponed
Tryouts For'Bury The Dead' Tonight
For Bridge Entries
Deadline for bridge tourney entries has been postponed until noon today, according to ai\ announcement last night by Jim Williamson, Union vice-president in charge.
from wrong colored shoes and bagr gy pants to ties out of order. Judged On Neatness And Paste Eds were judged on neatness and taste, including well pressed clothes, a shaven chin, condition of hair cut, shoes shined, and clean shirt, rather than on the quality of their clothes or the flashiness of the combination. , The judges were Dr. S. J. Miller, of the Health Service, R. H. Crowder and Bernard Schmidt of the English department.
Open Eighth Grid Clinic This Morning
Last Paper Before Vacation Almost 500 Midwest Gridiron Mentors
With today’s issue, the Exponent suspends regular publication until after spring vacation. Tuesday, April 11, will be the date of publication of the next paper. Publication will be continued regularly starting at this date.
Registered For Two-Day Conference
Keim Asks Studenf Cooperation In Drive
Football talk will be sandwiched in between the basketball and baseball seasons here today as the eighth annual Purdue Football Clinic opens with a comprehensive program that will continue through tomorrow afternoon., judging from the advance registrations already received by Coach Mai Elward, between four and five hundred high school and college coaches from the midwestern states will attend the two-day session.
The spotlight on this morning’s
Asking student co-operation and issuing a warning in the same breath yesterday, Mayor Dwight S. Keim, of West Lafayette, stated that hitch-hiking from the street must be stopped. According to the city ordinance, thumbing is forbidden from curb to curb with offenders subject to arrest and a fine of $1 plus $5 costs; however, students may hitch hike from the curb and stay within city law!' ■
Purdue's First CAA Students Pass Tests For Pilots License
Nine stude/nts appeared before the court yesterday on these, charges. Mayor Keim released them without fines though, stating that he wanted the student’s cooperation in the matter rather than a strict “cracking down” by the police force. He named the street car stop at“Wim-
py’s” and the stop light at the foot
of the hill as' the most dangerous points.
“Students standing in the street
here endanger their own lives and those of the drivers who must swing out to avoid hitting them,” Keim stated. In addition he emphasized that hitch-hiking from the curb would be held to a minimum because of the danger of collision when a car stops to pick up a rider. If the problem becomes too great enforcement of a state law prohibiting thumbing along state highways could eliminate it altogether.
First again! L. L. Treece, ME '39, R. L. Buell, ME ’40, F. G. Ahrens, CE ’39, and.Craig Miller, ME ’41, were the first, as far as can be ascertained, students in the CAA flying course to qualify for their private flying licenses, announced G. S. Meikle, director of the Purdue Research Foundation and in charge of the flying program here.
program will be occupied by a number of outstanding high school coaches. Ralph J. Mailliard, of St. Ignatius, Chicago, HI., will lead off with a discussion of individual defensive detail; following which Russ Arndt, of Mishawaka, will outline center play. A leading Buckeye mentor, Pierre Hill, of Harding High School, Warren, 0., will take up offensive line play; while J. E. Higgins of Valparaiso, will explain various defensive formations.
Building Cornerstone This Afternoon
Catherine Cooley, HE ’40, has been elected vice-president of the Organization of College Home Economic Clubs of Indiana. Her duty will be to act as chairman of the program committee for the fall meeting of the organization. The meeting will be held in Indianapolis in October, 1939. Miss Margaret L. Beeman, assistant to Dean Mattehws, was appointed Assistant State College club advisor of this same organization. The assistantship automatically leads to the position of advisor.
Capt. Daniel Moulton, Indianapolis areonautical inspector for the CAA, examined the students for their licenses. Previous to the test, Treece had flown 37 hours and 10 minutes; Buell,. 35 hours and 10 minutes; Ahrens, 35 hours and five minutes; and Miller, 35 hours and 15 minutes. All but one of the 50 students engaged in the course here have soloed and many will pass their test in the next few weeks. The course is expected to end in May.
Mann Speaks The afternoon program will be filled by a demonstration and address on preventing and treating injuries by Dr. Gordon A. Thomas, University team physician, and Lon Mann, trainer; and a discussion on “The Box Formation” by A.J. Rplfe, of Emerson, Gary. The remainder of the afternoon will be filled by practical field work in charge of the , University staff members.
Gold Pepper Pledges To Pop From Top Hat
“Students are the most important part of the school; so I think they should take charge of the cornerstone laying,” said, Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the chemical engineering school, last night when asked about the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering building. . n —.
Teaching Survey Dr. r. c. Puckett To discuss
In furtherance of this idea, sophomore, junior and senior chemical and metallurgical engineering students will be excused from their one o’clock classes for the 1:30 ceremonies at the new building, announced Dean-of Men M. L. Fisher. Students must attend their 2 o’clock classes, however.
representing the students. Professor Bray will introduce the two students.
Dr. R. C. Puckett, of Bloom Township High School, Chicago Heights, 111., will talk on “Adpiinistration of Extra-Curricular Activities,” in room 201 of the Education Building Friday evening, April 7. Dr. Puckett’s discussion should be of special interest to faculty members and prospective teachers. The public is invited. .
Preceding the actual placing of a copper box in the cornerstone, by E. K. Lown, AIME president, and J. H. Jacobi, AIChE president.
Dean A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, will speak, after which Jacobi will give a brief summary of chemical and metallurgical engineering here at the University. Lown will then tell what is in the box and why it was selected, and then place it in the cornerstone. President E. C. Elliott has also been asked to speak.
Gold Pepper pledges will literally pop out of a hat at the annual co-ed bid dance of the organization to be held tonight from nine to-twelve in the Union ballroom. A top hat, 9x12 feet, will occupy the center of a green backdrop lettered with the words “Gold Peppers” in gold. Gold Peppers, the symbol of the athletic booster honorary will decorate the banfi fronts. The pledges, junior co-eds having a four-point scholarship index and participation in campus activities, will emerge from the hat as their names are called. Dick Shelton and his University of Illinois orchestra will play for the dance, the first open co-ed bid of the semester. Short dresses will be in order, according to Georgiann Pittman, chairman in charge of the dance.
The annual clinic banquet will be held here toni'ght, with Dutch Meyer, of Texas Christian; Charles Bachman; of Michigan State; and President E. C. Elliott, as the principal speakers. Meyer and Bachman will both appear on the clinic program tomorrow morning, along with Ivan A. Hollen, of Owensville, who will give a short talk on the development of six-man football. Exhibition' Game At 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon, two picked Boilermaker elevens will engage in a regulation game to demonstrate a number of the rules that are to be enforced on the gridirons this fall.
Dance Group Performs Tenpr Makes Sedond Convo Appearance
All persons wishing to tryout for the cast of “Bury the Dead,” can participate in the tryouts ( beingheld tonight at 7:30 in the Westminster House, 129 Sheetz street.
To date 60 four-man teams have signed up for the all-university competition, to be held in the Union ballroom immediately after the spring vacation. “Any organizations or groups of students who desire to enter positively must turn in the names of the four members of their team at the west Union desk by noon today,” Williamson said.
No parts will be cast until after the final tryout session tonight Tryouts were begun Thui’sday, and will be completed tonight. Six female characters are needed for the cast and 14 males. To date about eight girls and seven men have tried out for the pax’ts.
Captain S. A. Beckley, of the University military department, classified students, bosses, and superiors into types in his talk before members of Alpha Zeta banqueting at the Home Economics cafeteria last night. About 50 active and alumni members of the agricultural honorary fraternity gathered to honor the new initiates, inducted Wednesday night. Alpha Zeta President Howard Stonaker presided as toastmaster while Dean Jones introduced the new initiates. Newly initiated members are M. A. Brunk, K. E. Bxrrbrink, L. J. Haverkamp, L. A. Johnson, L, A. Lubberhusen, U. L. McConnell, H. E. Nickey, and D. P. Smith.
Making his second appearance on the University convocation programs, Charles Kullman, Metropolitan tenor, again stirred an enthusiastic audience of over 1,000 with his splendid singing last night in the Memorial Gym. Singing essentially the same program as during his opening appearance, Kullman was well received and was brought back to the stage time after time by the lengthy applause. Fritz Kitzinger, accompanist for Kullman, furnished an enjoyable interlude with his piano solos. The lively “Golliwog’s Cake Walk” was especially liked by the listeners.
Chemicals Organize
Co-operative House
Sophomore chemical students on Wednesday night decided to form a co-op house for 25 chemical and metallurgical engineers next yeaf. Ten of these will be chosen from the present freshman class, and the remainder from those taking sophomore work this year.
Penally Dates Announced
Chi Omega..
. . . sorority announces the initiation of Jeannette Morehouse, West Lafayette.
Modern dance students from the University PEW department, who performed yesterday before midwest meeting of the American Physical Education Association in Indianapolis.
Members of the group illustrated a lecture by Miss.Heleii Knight of the PEW departihent oin methods of composing modern dance numbers. They also took part in a dance recital given last night.
Thaeles...
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of Regina Baker, Gary; Charlotte Braude, Chicago, 111. ; Maeta Kaplan, Lafayette; and Jeanne Weil, Chicago, 111.
The 24 hour periods from no<m today to noon tomorrow, and all day Monday, April 10, will be paucity dates. Students absent from any regular class meetings on mther of these dates will be assessed five d.'^* lars, aceordmg to a release iVwn Dean Fisher’s office.
sli
m
■i
M
am
1'^
4''
"W;'
^dibfiiaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-itcduAsA.
Friday. March 31. 1939
Test Technique... ... presents one of the most difficult teaching problems at Purdue. Since a very great importance is attached to the results of tests and examinations at this University they should be at all times comprehensive, fair, and understandable. Naturally, each course demands different requirements of its tests but there are many common faults that are continually appearing in tests of every school and department. Nothing is more discouraging to the student than the realization that he has done poorly on a test through no fault of his own, but because the test was unwisely designed. In many cases the student is prone to feel that his instructor was careless or lazy ... at other times the student merely thinks his teacher is “out to flunk him” and decides that nothing can be done about it. Certainly none of these attitudes is conducive to good teaching and efficient learning.
Ambiguity...
... is the most common and the most devastating fault that appears in exams. It is a defect prevailing in true-false tests, although we have seen instances of it in every kind of test known to professors. Last week a general engineering course gave a test in which students have construed a double meaning in about one quarter of the questions. Students in that class did not achieve grades higher than 80 on the basis of 100. To prevent ambiguity an instructor must phrase his questions so that only one meaning can possibly be taken by the students. The teacher should take particular care to do this—^possibly to the extent of having several other persons look the test over to see if they can find fault with it. Another common fault is the lack of proper directions. In the last few years the practical mechanics department has been giving engineering drawing tests which are unique in their coverage of a difficult subject to test, but sadly deficient in directions. Many students have missed the point of a question or two on these tests and have flunked them even though their knowledge of the comse was adequate. This difficulty could be obviated if each instructor administering the test would take time to explain the questions to his students carefully. Dishonesty On Tests... . . . many times occurs as the result of an instructor asking his students to memorize too much. In engineering courses too many formulae are often required, while in history it may be dates and names. In our opinion, tests should be given to discover the student’s knowledge of working principles and their
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second elasa matter at the 'poat office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConsTess of Mardt 8, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of poatagce prorided for In aeetlon 1108, act of October 8. 1917, anthorlaed Jannary 20. 1022. Pabliabcd daUy except Monday dnrinr the regnlar academic year and weddy dnrlnk the Sommer Seasion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail anhacriptlon $8.50.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Manaainy Editdr L. S. HarAn City Editor D. A. Bailey Aasociate Edltom_0. W. Frederick, K. 0. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplln, D. O. Teirlo, 3. C. Woodaon Sophomore Assistants—^K. Ahlf, B. Beer, B. DeHoog, B. Donahue, P. Ganzar, 'D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Leber, B. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeiahan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Wiilsey, A. Yates. BUSINESS STAFF Aaslatant Bnsineea Manaaer. M. C. Reevea Local Advertisine Manager E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager .W. P. Berg_ Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Sihith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor. Sally McKee Associate EMitora Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors .J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bnildingi West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 400S, ask for Ebqponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
REPRBOCNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTiSINO BY National Advertising Service, Jnc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago * Boston ’ Los Angeles - San fsancisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—McKee Friday, March 31, 1939
applications. A test should never be merely a memory quiz. To make tests more fair, and to discourage dishonesty, we suggest that instructors put necessary formulae, constants, etc., on the board so that students will not have to use cribs. It would be a very good idea also if teachers were more careful in giving directions as to what may be used on tests. Often there is a mixup on whether book's or notebooks may be used.
^J4itn and
By G«orf aan BehiHInK
Our last column until after the hectic interlude known as Spring Vacation, the last day of March, and the time set for the Gold Peppers Dance . . . yes, March 31st is quite a time! —H-H— Already the April social scene is being developed, and plans for special spring sprees are in the air. The Chi O’s will take over the Union ballroom on Friday night, April 14, the occasion being their annual spring formal. Bids will be given to this affair for which Harry McCrady’s band will play. —H-H— Also planned for the first week end after vacation on Saturday the 15th, is the ever popular Monte Carlo formal given by the Lambda Chis at their chapter house. This is one of the most unique parties of the season, and the guests acquire quite cosmopolitan airs from the worldly atmosphere of gambling tables, bars and games of chance. Of course, it’s only njake-believe. —H-H— Spring vacation marks the transition southward of many students in search of happy vacation hours. Mary Jean Sefton is leaving tomorrow on a trip to New Orleans, and Bob Epple and Bill Berg are among the many Florida bound students. Jerry Ciral is driving south with a carload of campus eds, and Pat Clymer is planning to vacation in,. Washington. Barbara Dobson will spend her vacation in California. We should hear any number of the Southern accents when classes are resumed! Tomorrow—April 1—April Fool’s Day—^the time we are reminded of what we really are the other 364 days of the year. It’s Spring!
light, McComb To Speak At Convention Several of the Purdue faculty and staff members will appear on the program of the Indiana Industrial Education Association annual convention which will be held at South Bend Friday and Saturday. Dr. Frederick B. Knight, head of the division of education and applied psychology, will speak at the general session Friday afternoon, at a lunch program the opening day. He will also speak on a broadcast program at 3:45 p. m. Friday over WSBT with Prudent Herman B. Wells of I. U. Professors Ammon Swope and Russell J. Gre'enly will serve as discussion leaders in the meetings, and Prof. H. G. McCpmb, who is secretary-treasurer of the association, will serve as toastmaster at the final luncheon on Saturday. SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Phi Pi Phi...
.. . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: V. Daugherty, president; C. E. Widell, vice president; G. D. Malinoff, secretary; W. W. Weijola, treasurer; W. R. Dilley, comptroller; D. H. Garmoe, chaplain; F. A. Smithson, sentinel; G. E. Posson, steward.
■Decker's-
5 ^ Parker Pen % n,ooo I Scholarship I ^Contests
,0
Nothing to buy to win one of the five ;ll,000 College Scholarships —Of ^1,000 in Cash. 105 Awards in All TOTAL: »7,500
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
Decker's
LU^ TODAY-SATURDAY
Clarence €. Mulford's' WWlTWill WJ'tLIfAM BOYDf "
— PLUS— - BRUCE CABOT in “HOMICIDE BUREAU'
20c UN'TIL 6:00 After 6:00: 10c-20c-25c
TODAY-SATURDAY A RACING PICTURE TO MAKE YOUR HEART POUND WITH THE EXCITING GLAMOUR OF THE TRACK . .
— with DOLORES COSTELLO
Bill Martin To Play For Airport Dance Committees from the Flying Club and Glider Club have chosen Bill Martin’s campus orchestra to play for the Fourth Annual Airport Dance May 12. Novelty dances are to be featured, and the roof of the hangar will be decorated for the serving of refreshments. Tickets will be $1.25, including taxi service from the Union to the Airport between 8:30 and 9:30, returning to the Union from 11:30 to 12:30. For those who like flying Capt. L, I. Aretz will be present to fly passengers. Planes and gliders that are owned by the club are to be on display in the hangar.
NOW SHOWING Only Two More Days Th*y'r«-oi«oH—la a cld»k of hoorts big ac Sifol isiE mwtsmm * Bom
GRIN AND BEAR |T
By Lidily
ONE MORE DAY UNTIL VACATION!! ^ Stories of the Wild Perdue students come to the ears of the young and innocent . . . Our green furlined case of the week (courtesy of Dave Deets) goes to MALCOLM BOSS... somehow or other, his car ended up in Happy Hollow minus three wheels and a spare tire! Dear Editor: Please! Can I kiss DON SPRING when he gets the prize today ? —JOHANN. CANDID CAMERAMAN: He dangles cameras on his gut. I think he’s slightly off his nut. And runs around to classes thus. Snapping you and snapping us, He takes me sober, takes me stewed I’m scared the guy’ll take me nude! Harvard “Lampoon.” Telegram to the girls at the Chi 0 House: Look on the telephone pole in back of the house Stop Will find message similar to other one Stop Still trying to find one beauty Stop Am now looking inside cupboards Stop. Love, DOPEY. Eskimos sleep in their little bear skins. And stay very warm, I suppose. Last night I slept in my little bare skin And, Oh Gee, I nearly froze!! Due to GEORGE CHISMAN’s frequent visits to Delphi and his intended stay over spring vacation, the KDR’s are wondering, as they dust off their morning suits, if a certain Delphi Daffodil’s father has a white shotgun. —The Informer. Have been trying to find out some gals who are paying out dance money for tonight . . . can’t find any girls who are going .,. either broke, going home, or just not interested . . . boy, do the eds take a beating when it comes to co-ed bids. A tisket, a tasket Oh where’s my little casket? I’m so tired I wanna die— Goodbye, Purdue Hello, ma.
mmi ucmxa (CJtlUB
r United Featan Syndicate.
“If you can take this route, now’s the time for it—the roads are excellent, the scenery is magnificent and all the gas stations are having a price war!”
ANOTHER FISH GOES INTO THE SWIM: with a great big splash HARRY ‘Downwind’ BURKHOLDER took his last desperate leap last night.. all because his once thought steady, DONNA CIESSE—Theta pledge—took a pleasant little stroll in front of the ATO house looking lovey-dovey ... at another guy!
SEE YOU IN 10 DAYS!! aiawBAA "THE VOICE OF PURDUE” —Today 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Time Service. 12:00—Agricultural Fox’um. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Your World of Vision.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— dud —
ALSO 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS," Serial
DELIRIOUS GAYETY SLAMBANG ROMANCE
WIK,IIIK»«niHD
LAST DAY
The Adventures of
ufAkisfiimiuRl —-with — ROSELLA TOWNS
5 DAYS
Starts TODAY MARS
1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—^Magic Carpet. 2:15—^Tuiie Topics. 2:30—Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders. 2:46—Melody Moments. 3:00—Mrs. Hubert James, Mrs. L Walerstein, double piano recital. 3:30—Your Town and Mine, Rensselaer. 4:00—Poetry and Prose. 4:30—Radio Club. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
—Tomorrow—; 11:00—Just Kids. 11:15—Carolyn Wood, soprano. 11:30—High School Guest Program. 12:00—Time Service. 12:00—^Tune Time, Charles Powell. 12:15—^The Woman Shopper. 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Market Reports. 1:00—Radio Stage. 1:30—College Caravan, 2:00—Stamp Club of the Air. 2:16—Greek Letter Parade. 2:46—^Paul Funk, pianist. 3:00—Campus Varieties.
Things of Rare Beauty
$1.00 pr.
“ARCHER” HOSIERY ]or Lovely Women They’ll be a joy to you, these Crepe Chiffons by "ARCHER”. And for a long, long time, for the durability of "ARCHERS” is as noteworthy as is their shaded loveliness.
THIEME & WANGERIH COMPANY 622-626 Main Street'ip'?'".
Friday* March 31. 1939
THE FDRDTJOE
SJ2o^£a^
EXPONENT
Kappa Sigma, Greek Basket Champ, Routes Cary Hall Team, 35-18 Completely dominating the play except for the first few minutes, the Kappa Sigs, fraternity basketball champions, easily routed Cary Hall 10, ward victors, by the score of 35-18. Leading at the half 22-10, the Greek champs held their opponents scoreless in the second period until the last fiVe minutes of play, when the ward victors dropped in four shots. I EicMeberg opened the night’s scoring by pushing in a rebound after about two minutes of play. Emmert immediately followed with a short shot and Eickleberg scored again giving the Cary Hall boys a 6-0 lead. Crain then started the scoring for the fraternity champs with a long shot and from then on in, it was all Kappa Sigma. Crain of the victors and Eiekleberg of the ward champs shared the scoring honors with five tallies each. Verplank dropped in three baskets and a free throw, and Brown and David each had three field goals. Kappa Sigma (35) B. F. P. Brown, f ... 3 0 1 Crain, f ... . 5 0 0 . Thompson, f 1 0 0 David, c 3 0 0 Verplank, g 3 1 0 Edgerton, g 2 0 0 Totals 17 1 1 Cary Hall 10 (18) B. F. P. Klein, f 10 2 Eickleberg, f 5 0 0 Conklin, c 0 0 1^ Faut, g 0 0 1 Emmert, g 1 0 0 Frey, g 2 0 1 Kolb, g 0 0 0 Deer, g 0 0 0 Totals 9 0 5
Varsity Will Give Football
Coaches Show
Coming from all parts of the country, the high schoql and college grid mentors who attend the Eighth Annual Purdue Football Clinic will have an opportimity of watching some topnotch football at the intrasquad game tomorrow. Mai Elward’s varsity squad intends to show this elite group of football critics that the Boilermakers have the strength and power to carry through next fall’s suicide schedule with flying colors.
While the Boilermakers lost several bulwarks of last fall’s surprising team, most of the spark-plugs of a highly successful combination will be present to show the assembled coaching talent that these Purdue boys can play football.
Backfield veterans Lou Brock, Jack Brown, Ted Hennis, Leon DeWitte, Mike Byelene, and John Petty will execute Mai Elward’s strategic plays in typical Boilermaker style. Newcomers Welsh, Galvin, Dose, Travis, and Kersey will have their first chance to prove their abilities under actual game conditions.
Tomorrow’s intra-squad game will give this group of coaches their first opportunity to watch a game played under the new rules and to see how these changes effect the
game.
Goldsmith Returns From
Educational Guidance Trip
Assistant Dean of Men F. I. Goldsmith returned to the campus yesterday from a tour of six high schools in connection with the educational guidance program now being carried on in the state.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at
DEWENTER’S
' ill/
AROSTRIPE-fora well-dressed Easter
Here’s the perfect companion for your Easter spring suit—an AROSTRIPE shirt.
Under one collar you get two of the most important shirt trends: white cord stripes and chalktone colors, in blue, green tan or grey. You also get the incomparable Arrow collar . . . plus the Mitoga shaped body design . . . plus Sanforized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%).
Buy this shirt of the year for only $2 Arostripe ties $1
ARROW SHIRTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Today Is Deadline For Entries In Ward,
Frat Baseball Meet
Sam Weldy Elected Head
Of Varsity Fencing Team
Sam Weldy, Ph. ’40, was elected captain of the 1939-40 fencing team at a meeting of the squad yesterday afternoon. He replaces Myron Stepath, this year’s captain.
2),
Ui6ie6
for Dancing and Dining
Dream girl dress of pure silk Permasoie, sweetly embroidered with white daisies. When you remove the daisy bordered bolero, you're ready to dazzle your public in a stunning formal. Matching rayon taffeta slip. Pervenche blue, citron, tea rose, navy, white. Sizes 9 to 17.
LOEB KHCNC COAWANV
Intramural Musings
By Jim Hebbeler
Golfers Leave Saturday For First Southern Jaunt
Today is the deadline set for entry blanks to be turned in at the Intramural Office for the Interfraternity and Ward baseball tournament, which will begin on April 10 and 13 respectively. The first game will be merely a practice game for fraternities and wards. In interfraternity baseball, the usual schedule will be followed: 10 or 12 weaker teams will play in a separate league, with the two best teams going to the finals; stronger teams will play in a different league with the six strongest teams going to the fittials. The lower league winner will be awarded a small team trophy, the stronger team winner receiving medals and a team trophy. Play On Intramural Field All games will be played on the Intramural Field west of Russell street. All ward and athletic managers are requested to study the map showing placed diamond numbers which has been posted on the intramural bulletin board, and also to study the rules found on page nine of the intramural handbook Interfraternity managers will checl out catchers’ equipment from the intramural checkroom, the score book from the intramural office. Ward Baseball The first Ward practice game will begin on Thursday, April 13. One baseball will be supplied for each game, but it mhst be returned after each game has been played. Each team, however, will be supplied with finger mitts, bat, catcher’s mitt, mask and protector, which may be checked out for practice or regular games. The equipment is to be returned to the check-out room the same day. Each team will play a six-game schedule. Ground rules for fraternity and ward teams will be used; a ball landing in the infield of another diamond and a ball going through or over the fence will be good for two bases only.
Calling all ‘straight shooters.” Your leader is now living at the Delt house. Ken Young by name, with two 100 targets in the qualifying round of the interfraternity rifle tournament concluded last night. What a model for Delts—straight shooting, you know. Who said just Delts ?
Making its first spring trip in the history of Purdue, the Boilermaker golf team will leave tomorrow afternoon for a threematch jaunt to the South. In between matches with Vanderbilt at Nashville, Tenn., on April 3, the University of Alabama at Tuscaloosa, April 5, and the University of Tennesse at Knoxville, the 7th, the Riveters will engage in a number of practice rounds on various courses encountered during the trip. ' Led by Capt. John David, the
Spring vacation is putting a big crimp in the intramural activities for the present, but with the return of students as well as spring weather after Easter things should blossom forth again. Fraternity baseball will be the first activity with practice games the first day here. Golf and tennis will be the next sports to follow shortly.
MIXED RECREATION
Shumway is leading the field in the ward squash tournament, having his place in the finals and waiting for the winner in the lower bracket. In the meantime the ward badminton tournament has yet to be started, although play should get under way soon. Fraternity volleyball completes the round of present tournaments. The Lambda Chi Alpha team is in the finals, while the Phi Delts and Delta Chis must play for the other final position.
Sportswomen, co-ed athletic honorary, is sponsoring the last mixed recreation program of the year tonight from 7:30 till 9:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Badminton, volleyball, ping pong, shuffleboard, deck tennis, and swimming will be open to anyone who wishes to come. There will be no charge except 10 cents for men who wish to go swimming. The mixed recreation program, started early this year, has afforded recreation and has been a success, according to Janette Shaffer, the president of Sportswomen.
squad will consist of Bob McKenzie Robert Hoffer, and Tom Marshall, Prof. G. A. Young, is to have charge of the team on all out of town matches, in place of Coach Harry Allspaw, who will be busy as professional at the West Lafayette Country Club.
Open Against Indiana The first match after vacation will be with Indiana at Bloomington on April 22.
The schedule: April 22—Indiana at Indiana. April 29—Michigan at Michigan. May 5—Detroit here. May 6—Notre Dame, here. May 12—Butler, here. May 15—Chicago, here. May 20—Ohio State at Ohio State. May 22—Illinois, here. May 29-30—Big Ten Meet at Chi-
cago.
Dean Matthews Addresses NgWHISII Club Will Freshman's Porfect
Senior High School Girls Meet Here April 28 Record Wins First
Dean Mary L. Matthews spoke before a group of senior high school girls at a meeting sponsored by the AAUW at Salem, last Wednesday. The girls were from Advance, Lizton, Jamestown, and North Salem
high schools.
Today Dean Matthews will journey to Indianapolis to attend a state board meeting of the Indiana Federation of Clubs. The purpose of the meeting is to complete plans for the state convention of the Federation of Clubs to be held in Indianapolis
this spring.
In 22 years, Oklahoma A. & M.’s wrestling teams have won 125 out of 130 wrestling meets.
Kent State University’s wrestling team has won 45 straight victories on its home mat.
Over the week-end of April 28, 29, and 30, the University Newman Club will act as host to all Newman Clubs in the Ohio Valley Province, of which the local club is a member. The convention will be held in the Union Building and will mark the 13th annual gathering of the clubs. The main feature of the convention will be a banquet Saturday evening, April 29, in the ballroom. Among the guests who will attend the banquet are Rev. John F. Noll, Bishop of Fort Wayne; Rev. Vincent Mooney, National Director of the NCWC Youth Bureau, and Mai Elward, football coach. A dance at Lincoln Lodge will follow immediately after the banquet. The club invites all members of^ their organization to attend the convention but to first see their club president to make necessary registration.
Year Championship
AFTER THE . DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
The new two-and-a-half ton lens of the University of Texas observatory is accurate to one-millionth of an inch. It is a foot thick.
Carrying off the championship without a single defeat, southpaw Harry Burl, last year’s Indiana State High School champion won the freshman fencing tournament. Thirteen men participated in the tournament with Burl winning, Anderson taking second and Oakes third. The victor gets a gold medal oifered by the Silver Mask, fencing honorary, as Anderson and Oakes receive silver and bronze medals respectively. The following men will receive freshmen numerals in fencing: Burl, Anderson, Oakes, Murray, Seltenright, Abell, Redhead, Partridge, Parks, and Odell. Next year’s fencing captain was elected Wednesday by the major letter winners of this year. Captainelect Sam Weldy, who will be the only senior letterman next year, is a junior in pharmacy. He performed in the sabre division the past season.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF S<|1JARB FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
ZIP
JUST PHONE 5023 WERE RIGHT THERE
ready to take you wherever you say in a comfortable, speedy taxi. For the best service call a
YELLOW CAB
I3[ocaL (Ma,
THE poatxifi iMdHENT
^nfiroA.
^ Mok^ 31^ H
National Association Of Ag Chemists Offers Cash Award To Senior To perpetuate the memory of the late Dr. Harvey W. Wiley, of purefopd fame, and faculty member of the University when it was only a few years old, three annual cash awards of $300, $200 and $100 have been voted by the National Association of Official Agricultural Chemists to go to college seniors who do outstanding work in the field of chemistry. Dr. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist, and head of the Department of Agricultural Chemistry, is chairman of a faculty committee to receive entries from Purdue students. Other committee membei’s are Dr. C. J. Klemme, Dr. H. B. Hass, Professors Edith Gamble and R. N. Shreve. The objects of the Wiley Memorial Awards are to stimulate undergraduates to enter the field of chemistry and its relation to agriculture, and to encourage research in this field. The competition is open to any accredited college or university senior in North America who wishes to submit a thesis, compilation or resume on any one of the subjects dealt with in the several chapters of th|)-.ibook of hiethb&s of analysis of the Association of Agricultural Chemists. Entries from Purdue must be received by July 1, by members of the committee. Camera Fans Submit Pictures Of Campus I Candid campus photos are to be used for 1989-40 freshman handbook to give new students a better conception of the Pui’due campus. Names of the students who submit the prints which are used will be acknowledged. These photos will also be used for other University publications. Pictures may be handed in any afternoon this week at 4 o’clock in the Student Senate office in room A of the Union. Prints submitted must have the name of the student on the reverse side. Six Purdue Professors Will Speak On Consumer Education Al Convention Six membei’s of the University Home Economics faculty, Professors Palmer, Landin, Bloye, Gamble, and Howe, will speak at a National Conference on Consumer Education to be held at Stephens College, Columbia, Mo., on April 3, 4, and 5. Miss Gamble and Miss Howe will stop at Millikan College on the way out and go to Kansas City following the convention. "The Next Steps in Consumer Education,” will be the subject at the convention, at which several national authorities will lecture.
W/fRC To Dedicate Program To Purdue Saluting the sunrise some morning next week, radio station WKRC, Cincinnati, will dedicate its "Dawn Patrol” program to the students of Purdue. The program is on the air from 7:30 to 8:30 a. m. EST. The day has not been set as yet. Description of the campus in general and the Memorial Union and its activities, along with explanations of curricular and exti’a-curri-cular activities will be given during the program.
Mortar Board: Meeting: date changed to 4 p. m. Friday, March 81, in the WSGA office. —WOOD.
go from the Sheetz street. ;
Westmiiifeter House,
—SCttdiL'liyii
129
To All Seniors.: The new list of employers who have contacted Purdufe graduates and alumni is available to seniors and others who plan to seek employment during spring vacation. Copies are available at the personnel office. V —WALTERS. Mikado Dancing and Singring: Chorus report to playshop office at 4 p. m. Friday, March 31, for bieasurpments. Very important. —RIVADENEIRA.
Education Students: A list of books on the administration of extra-pjirricular , activities and' Kpihe robrnS cati' Ibe found! on the bulletin board’ in the LiBAiry: Prospective teachers should be interested in these books which are on reserve. (8-31) —DAVIS.
Reamer Actives: We, the 29 new pledges, do hereby challenge you to a nine-inning softball game to be played after spring vacation . . . or perhaps you, would prefer a thrilling, bone-crushing chess match? —REAMER PLEDGES.
Alpha Phi Omega: No meeting this week because of convocation and housing tabulation. (3-81) —STRADLING. Tan Beta Pi: Pledging Friday, March 31, at 7 p. m. in Sigma Chi house. All actives and pledges expected to attend. —LANGWORTHY.
Westminster Foundation: A skating party will be held Friday, March 31, from 7:30 till 9:30 p. m. at the Black Forts. Cars will be provided for students wishing to
Classified Ads
VACATIONS Are a great relief from the daily grind so we will join you. Closing April 3 Open April 9
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
MISCELLANEOUS
I TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WANTED—4 passengei-s, Pittsburgh and Hai-risburg and return. Spring vacation. Phone 7242.
CO-ED WANTED—During spring vacation to do general housework and cooking. Call 2681.
WANTED.—Person to ride to N. Y. or N. J. Leaving Saturday noon. Robertson, S225. .WANTED—A ride to Bloomington Saturday afternoon. Call Ray Hall 2847. INSIST—On Chamberlin’s Ice Cream. Indiana’s, finest. Phone 3028.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Men’s Bulova wrist watch. T. R. F. inside. Phone 2648. Reward. Thomas Fisher. LOST—Sliderule, name on case. Return. Call 4229. Reward. E. Carlquist.
FOR SALE
1939 PLYMOUTH coupe for sale, Make offer. 222 Harrison.
Notices
Mikado Ticket Committee: All tickets and money must be in by 4 p, m. Friday, March 31. —YEOMAN.
B & W Shoe Co. East Side of Square
YowVe
up-fo-flie-mifiy fe—
in shoes that put in your step
—with these fashion-right Fortune Shoes. You're on your toes and ready to "go places" when you treat your feet to the barefoot comfort of these crepe sole Fortune Shoes. And the admiring glances of your friends tell you your sfroes ore "tops" in youthful appearance. Stop in today, look over the wide selection, and step out in o pair of these
handsome, shoes.
FORTUNE
$
When you walk through the Turnstile you walk into a store where the first rule Is QUALITY, and the second rule is FAIR PRICES and the third rule is SATISFACTION GUARANTEED. The smiling aisles are your shopping list, reminding you to serve yourself with the things you need to keep your family well fed, healthily fed, and happily fed! You’ll save time, worry and money by doing ALL your shopping at Piggly Wiggly.
Advice From Your Old Friend Doc Take a tip from Doc before you start* out Spring Vacation. A team must be in good physical condition to win a game — the same is true with your car — the engine must be in tip top condition to run smoothly. Have your car checked. PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Street
After You We Come First Phone 4048
work to be lihished before 'vaca.1;ion. Bvbryone please repdrt Thursday, ^rch Zif,' and Friday, March 31. ^ —LUTZ, Mbrtar Board : Meeting r:riday, March 81, at 4:30 p. m. in the WSGA office. Important. —wood:
CE 69 Condition*: Examination for the removal of "C" grades will be givOh Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in rOom 201. of the CE Building. —■WILEY. Penalty BSyS: The twenty-fouP hour pe^ riods from noon March 81 to noon April
1 andl all dg^ April .1,0, ard j^naltr dateh. Any atddidt: #lio »'attfehl! fSMtTarfSajjttlai) meetidO:' Of a OlasO' dumij'.' Hih tiifdtU^-fdiir hours immediately preceding or fdll^lng an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an ..extra fdd^ of $6^00 for eaOb' tweb’^^foui)' h'oW phrioS <hif mhtlon! thereof mhtsed. —FISHER. Independent StUdhiifs: #eti@&nb fdif the folloVving elective Offices’ afO dhO Tlmif^ay, April 13, at 6 p. m.: vice-president) secretary, and treasurer. Students, who wish to petition must find out qualifications' from PIA board members before -that time and have 25 members sign the petitiohs'. —WELLS.
Gimlet: All pledges and actives have been asked to help in the Fieldhouse during the coaching school on off-hours tomorrow and Saturday, March 31 and April 1. Report to Mr. Mackey. —SWAN.
Activities Bureau Workers: Important
TOMMY TUC&-ER INN Why Can’t You?
• ’ ■ • ■
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HIJNECK’S WALLPAPER - PABNT 826 Main Street ° Phone 3841
it
MEET
at
WALGREEN
DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS I MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S 410 Main Street
f ' T' j'
it
the Purdue Exponent
V . 1
Service
)
Directory ’
t.
• Beoksferet
• jewelers
.t
"DIAC"
LYLE E. FISHER
Everything f«r a
WATCHMAKER
r
College Education H. G. REISNER
Thig Is ell we doi, but we cb It weH.
Opposite Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Feny St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
R. j. BATH
PAUL A. RISK—O.D.S. HAROLD 1. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D3.
Watchmaker
y
Schultz Building 4h and Main Phona 3701
605 Main St.
Y
MAURICE P. LORD
• Florists
DENTIST
Dorner's Flower Shop
306 Lafayette Life Building
Quality Flowerg
Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Main at 7th Phona 6050
Blue Prints
1
BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS
ROTH FLORIST
Direct Process
.
West Side
635 Main Street
)
Blue Print Shop
Phones 7955—8050
■I't'.
125 West Stadium Ave.
• Shoe Repair
• Dine
J
BOSSUNG
FRANK'S PLACE Sandwiches — Salads
Shoe Repair Shop
Good Pies and Ice Cream
T
in the
ALWAYS OPEN
VARISITY BOOT SHOP
111 Vine St. West Lafayette
f'.