.< 'J.' \
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair today with some cloudiness. Tomorrow unsettled, much colder.
Purdue Exponent
FBIDAY November 11, 19^ liofeqrefte, Zndkma
Vol. 50
No. 51
Leadership School Hears Bo|) Crosby Plays For Military Ball
Prof. F. C. Hockema Speak
‘^Success or failure depends more on mental attitude than mental ability,” Prof. F. C. Hockema told 60 student activity leaders gathered in the Home Economics Auditorium for the second meeting of the Activities Bureau’s Leadership school
last night.
Quoting everyone from Tom Sawyer to Charles M. Schwab, Prof. Hockema discussed at length the contrast between “boss” and ^‘leader.” “Give your workers the best you have and the best will come back to you. A boss makes an activity drudgery,
while a leader makes it a game.” Basing his talk on a series of questions submitted by students attending the last session of the Activities Bureau School, held two weeks ago, the acting president discussed problenos of student lead-
ership.
Special emphasis was placed on the importance of developing leadership qualities while still attending school. “We succeed in life just as much as we develop our leadership and executive ability,” Prof. Hockema stated, “We all like to be led by strong leaders. A leader is also a good follower. Carry out instructions to the letter today—^it will qualify you for a leader’s job tomor-
row.”
Citing a case irom the personnel office, he told of a prospective employer viewing a 5.0 senior’s record and discerning no report of extracurricular activity. “A person with - average brains should show a straight H average under those conditions,” the disappointed employer was quoted as remarking. “If you have time to kill,” Prof. Hockema went on, “work it to death.” In conclusion, he discussed what he termed the “four cardinal marks of a leader’s mind:” humility, making for open-mindedness; curiosity, making for careful analysis; courage, making for creativeness in blazing new trails; and responsibility, making for reliability in ac-
tion.
Complete Plans For Southworth Contest Final plans for the annual Southworth Script Trophy Contest, rmder the supervision of the Purdue Independent Association, have been completed, activities chairman D. N. Rice announced last night. Open to all students, the purpose of the contest is to promote interest in play writing or skit writing suitable for radio or stage presentation. Skits are to be limited to one act in length, lasting not over 30 minutes. Deadline for the turning in of manuscripts to the PIA office has been extended to February. Conditions under which the manuscripts must be turned in are: they may be produced under the supervision of PIA, with the profits being split between PIA and the writer; and secondly, PIA reserves the right to produce and experiment with any play or script. Names of the judges and other information concerning the contests will be released later. Parents Invited To Sunday Program Parents of students are welcomed by the music room committee to attend the concert to be given this Sunday by the Central Presb3d;erian choir. Under the direction of A. P. Stewart, the choir will be heard in the Union ballroom.* Doors are to be closed promptly at 4 p. m.
Annual Horticulture Show Opens Today; Run Through Sunday “With a new show room and a new division for Indiana grown nuts, this year’s Horticultural Show promises to be the largest yet,” said J. E. Hymen, Ag. ’39 and manager of the show, yesterday. Sponsored by horticultural students, the eighteenth annual exhibit will get underway this afternoon at 1:00 o’clock and run through Sunday in the Horticultural Building and greenhouses on the south cam-
pus.
Outstanding display of the show will be the exhibit featuring about 125 different varieties of chrysanthemums, all grown by the students. Prizes for the best vase arrangement and table piece arrangement will be awarded. Apple Judging Included on Saturday’s program will be the high school apple and vegetable judging contest. To date, 30 to 35 teams are expected to participate in the event. A loving cup will be given to the winning team, and the individual winners of first, second, and third prizes will receive gold, silver, and bronze medals re-
spectively.
The show is divided into four departments—apples, vegetables, nuts and flowers. Included in the display of apples are Delicious, Grimes Golden, Jonathans, Staymans, and the favorite Winesaps grown both by students and commercial growers. Vegetables featured will be potatoes, onions, cabbage, popcorn, squash, carrots, and turnips. Monday following the show, all flowers will be on sale at the greenhouse, and vegetables, in the Horticultural Building. At 4:00, all of the flowers will be auctioned off. Carr, Smith Approved For Rhodes Elections ' Eldon D. Carr, senior chemical, and William Herbert Smith, senior mechanical, engineering students, have been approved by the University as candidates for the Rhodes scholarships, elections for which will take place in December, Professor J. A. Estey announced yester-
day.
Both men are distinguished students and members of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, and Smith' is president of that organization. Smith is in the Military Band, and Carr specializes in swimming, having been on the varsity team several years and, at present is president of the Dolphin Club. State elections will take place on December 15, when two men will be picked from the several candidates from the colleges within the state.
Exponent Scribe Interviews Steam Shovel
By the Roving Reporter Step right up ladies and gentlemen, and view this mechanical mon- ^ ster. One man runs it, 50 watch it. See every cogwheel wiggle. Hear it hiss and roar. / At the rate of one scoop a minute or 30 truckloads an hour, this noisy contraption has eaten its way a full
Tonight In Memorial Union Ballroom Cadet Colonels Lead Grand March Tonight Scabbard, Blade Pledges To Be Introduced;
Red Backdrop Features Artillery Insignia
Cadet Colonel J. M. Rudolph
Miss Margaret Sharkey
Miss Roma Heidkamp
Cadet Colonel L. L. Treece
Brigade Commander Cadet Colonel J. M. Rudolph and Miss Margaret Sharkey and Ball Committee Chairman Cadet Colonel L. L. Treece and Miss Roma Heidkamp will lead the Military Ball Grand March after tl^e third dance tonight. Members of the committee will form the arch of sabers through which the marchers will walk. “Only men in uniforms will march in the Grand March,” said Chairman Treece last night as he finished the crossed cannons for the backdrop.
Deadline Nears For $4 Price On Debris “A penny saved is a penny gained” is the byword of Debris salesmen as they cover the campus, offering the students a last, fast-disappear-ing, chance to get the 1939 Debris for only four dollars. The price goes up 50 cents on November 15. The staff has been working since the beginning of school in preparing the theme of this year’s Debris. Contrasting Purdue of today with Purdue of 70 yeai’s ago, the yearbook will present photos of the football, baseball, and basketball teams, and campus beauties in many unusual poses. Crops Show Will Feature
University Pays Tribute To World War Dead Today Purdue University will pause this morning at 11 o’clock to pay tribute to its World War dead, the 64 men whose names are inscribed on the bronze plaque in the lobby of the Union Building. All classes will cease at 11 o’clock while ROTC members fire the national salute. Exercises planned by the Student Union will include an address by Colonel D. M. Beere, ROTC commandant, in the main foyer of the Union, sounding of recall by buglers, placing of a wreath on the roll of honor, and reading of roll-call by Gordon W. Matthews, president of the Union. The program will be carried in its entirety by WBAA.
Vegetable, Mint Oil Exhibits Qqi^ Muller To Travel
On Playmakers Tour
20 feet into the good rocky Indiana gravel before the Union Building. As a matter of fact, the monster works so fast that last night a half a dozen men were kept busy for two hours over-time pouring a concrete retaining wall to keep digging within bounds. The Union should be next to the hole, not in it.
Ovei 500 exhibits of vegetables and other products including mint oil from 17 northern Indiana counties will be on display at the ninth annual Northern Indiana Muck Crops Show to be held at Walkerton from November 15 to 18, Roscoe Fraser, membei of the University Horticultural extension staff, an-
nounced I’ecently.
Catholics Will Commune Sunday At St. Mary's Church All Catholic students ai’e invited to attend the Newman Club monthly communion and breakfast which will be held this Sunday at St. Mary’s Church, Newman Club officials stated last night. Mass is planned for 9:30 a. m.
A red cellophane backdrop surmounted with gold artilleryinsignia, crossed cannons and a P, will back Bob Crosby, Marioii Mann, and the Bob Cats as the Military Ball opens the Purdue winter formal season tonight in the Union Ballroom. The nationally famous Crosby orchestra is here following a recordbreaking engagement'in Chicago’s Blackhawk restaurant.
Armitage Heads CastOf'Dracula' Playshop’s Director John Dietrich last night announced the selection of Jack Armitage for the title role in the production “Dracula,” ending an extensive campus-wide' search. The cast for the horror-thriller is now complete, and rehearsals for the December 2nd opening~are under way. 'Although this will be Armitage’s first appearance in a Playshop production, the remainder of the cast has been enlisted from the ranks of veterans of campus plays. Included in the cast of “Dracula” are Pat Heine, Joe Martin, Fred Ahrens, Bob Schlendorf, Gil Devore, Bennie Burns, and Beverly Rice, all of whom have appeared many times on the Fowler Hall stage. Student Cameramen To Film Campus Life Movies of all student activities will be filmed by the Activities Bureau for distribution to Purdue alumni clubs and high schools of the state. The Bureau has already obtained 30 student cameramen to do the filming. Letters have been sent to all student activities asking which of their activities they wish filmed. The film will start this morning with the filming of the POMM Armistice salutes on the Oval. Pictures will also be taken of the Military Ball tonight. Freshman Counselors To Discuss Delinquent Slips Problems arising with delinquent reports will be the topic of discussion by freshman counselors at a meeting Tuesday afternoon, Nor vember 15, in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton will be present to advise counselors and assist with the yellow slip distribution. Georgeanna Huber, chaiinnan of freshman orientation, has announced that the attendance of freshman counselors at this meeting is compulsory. The success of this orientation program is lai-gely dependent on following up the progress of new students throughout their entire first year’s activities.
Aroemd 10 o’clock, following the third dance. Cadet Colonels J. M. Rudolph and L. L. Treece, accompanied by Miss Margaret Sharkey and Miss Roma Heidkamp, will lead the Grand March around the Ballroom. Following the fifth dance. Scabbard and Blade pledges wfll te announced. Band Fronts Band fronts will be similar to the backdrop. A red guidon flag with the crossed cannons and P will be bordered by gold velvet. Covering the indirect lighting around the ballroom will be silhouettes, depicting artillery and army camp life, embossed on yellow backs. Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president, announced that all co-eds will observe the 2 o’clock hours on the evening of the Military Ball, the first formal dance of the year. These will be the first late hours permitted by WSGA. Late hours will also be allowed for Sophomore Cotillion and the Junior Prom. Flanking the Memorial Cross in the Union foyer will be two machine guns, together with national and American Legion colors. In the outer hall will be the battery guid- ^ ons. From the ballroom balcony will hang national and brigade colors. Before each dance, the bugler will blow assembly. The progp»m is divided into 10 dances: first call, reveille, assembly, recall, officer’s call, adjutant’s call, guard mount, retreat, tattoo, and taps. Dance Committee Cadet Colonels J. M. Rudolph, L. L. Treece, R. R. Hannas; Cadet Lt. Cols. R. N. Forkner, R. O. Dirmeyer; Cadet Captains M. E. Flater, R. E. Heine, D. R. Vance, J. E. Kessel; Cadet 1st Lieutenant W. H. Smith ;and Cadet 2nd. Lieutenants D .Butterfield, B. H. Bums, C. E. Bowman, F. H. Hurst fomt the committee for/the dance. Yesterday afternoon, programs were distributed from the check window in the Union. They will continue to be distributed today. Black leather covers with spread eagle and “Purdue Military Ball— 1938” and four gold stars embossed on the front form the cover desigpu The programs are tied by gold cord. Preceding the Ball, the officers and ladies of the University’s military department will entertain, the members of tl^ University Committee on Military Affairs at a formal dinner in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The .committeemen have been invited to attend the Ball following the banquet.
Don Muller, former University student, and now attending the University of North Carolina, is one of 10 actors who have been selected to make the 36th annual Carolina Playmakers tour. This year, the tour will first appear at Chapel Hill University home; then at Raleigh; three towns in Virginia; Keuka Park,Ithaca, and Elmira, New York. The tour will start on November 14, returning' shortly before the Thanksgiving holidays. Muller completed two years of work at Pui'due, working on the Union staff and conducting programs over the University radio station, WBAA.
Vogue's Prix de Paris Career Contest Again Offered To Talented Senior Co-eds
Vogue’s pi'ix de Paris, Career Contest, is offered for a fourth time to College Seniors of accredited women’s college in America. The first prize is a year’s employment on the staff of Vogue. The fii'st prize winner will have six months in New York and six months in Vogue’s Paris office. The second prize winner will have six months’ employment in Vogue’s New York office. Those jobs, however, do not necessarily expire then. If the winners show aptitude for permanent positions on Vogue, they remain as staff members after the terms of the
prizes end.
The contest is really Vogue’s talent scout searching not only for
fashion talent, but for writing talent. Vogue has discovered and fostered many of today’s brilliant wom-
en writers.
Those who are interested will find the rules for the contest in the lat-
est issue of Vogue.
Dorothy MartetKt... ... science ’38, and last year’s vicepresident of Mortar Boa^,.^was formally pledged to Theta Bigm^ Fbi, national honorary journalism sorority, according to an annooneement just received. Miss Martenet is at present doing graduate work at the Northwestern school of journalism.
4'r
fdihMat
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J’sedtu/uiA
Friday, November 11, 1938
Armistice Day... .. . celebration and Military Ball make today special. Simple yet effective ceremonies have been planned for the University’s recognition of the holiday. Although classes will not be dismissed there will be the customary pause at 11 o’clock which the whole campus will observe.
Tonight...
... the Military Ball will open Purdue’s formal social season. In previous years this dance has been by far the outstanding event of its kind in the fall semester. This year the committee in charge effected a change in policy which makes the Ball strictly a military dance. This was their prerogative and we can not criticize them for it. We can, however, echo the complaints of the coterie of socially-minded juniors and seniors who found themselves excluded from the Ball by the new ticket sales system. Since the Ball is given the most favorable date on the dance schedule and is by custom the first formal of the year, it is perfectly set up to be the semester’s outstanding dance. If the same ticket system is to be used next year, we suggest that some other formal danfee, open to the campus, be given the Ball date and made the year’s first formal. This plan would satisfy the non-military socialites and should not harm the Military Ball because it would be a closed affair for military students anyway.
the Purdue Eseponent
Entered as second class matter at the'post office in Lafajette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of' postase provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised Jannanr 20, 1022. Published dally except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered loeaHy by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subacription $8.60. Editor-In-Chief ...H, I. Stanback Business Manager ..........R. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. .....L. S. Hardin City Editor. : ....;. .....D. A. Bailey Associate Editors—G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Kreeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Busineos Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonin! Circulation Manager W. F. Berg Bales Manager...^ V. Daugher^ National Advertisii^ Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager... .W. E. Smith Art Director. : D. J. Henninger REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 4ao Madison AVE. NewYobk, N. Y. CHICACO ■ BOSTOS ■ LOS AllGELBS - SAS FRANCISCO SPORTS STAFF Editor.. B. L. McDonald Associate IMitors •. —J. A. Hebl^er, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do hot necessarily coincide wiUi the office University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-ln-chirf.
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Associate Editors..
SaUy McKee Joy Johnson, Georgann Si^illing, Betty Wickard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bluilding, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for' Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Leber Friday, November 11, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
B^Liekty
collegiate
By Joy Johnson Officials of the Oregon State College want the campus kept clean and they mean clean. The campus sidewalks are painted to indicate where a student may light a cigarette and where he may throw it away. We hope that there aren’t many fingers burned in between disposal places. —C— Shades of great Caesar! Or should we say, of Hamlet’s father. For some reason, unfathomable at that, th^ University of Vermont museum numbers a plaque representing the ghost of the father of the famous Dane among its treasures. It has been placed in the hallway maybe to frighten marauders. —C— We swiped this frOm the Ohio state Lantern which had it from the Elmira Octagon which copied it from the Stevens Stute. But the Stevens Stute gives credit to the Kansas State paper for the following comparison of women with a newspaper. They have forms. They are bold-face type.
They always have the last word. Back numbers are not in demand. They have a great deal of influence. They are well , worth looking oyei’. They carry the news wherever they go. They are much thinner than they used to be. Every man should have one of his own and not borrow one from his neighbors. But it seems that there is no woman who gets around quite as much as an exchange item.
New York City slums are the laboratories for a Wagner College course to train church workers.
UaMKETtt Starts Tomorrow
Believe it or not—the Debris cameras broke yesterday immediately after being used to photograph the senior Cary Hall boys. The poor juniors were lined up ready to have their pictures taken, but were then doomed to disappointment because the camera had already spotted the seniors.
BENNY BURNS gave a public demonstration the other night on how to “unfreeze a gal when wanting to pitch a little woo.” He is said to have done rather well using freshman BARBARA LOMEN for a subject. But don’t worry, he’s still true to you, ALICE' (MARTENS is the last name).
Alpha Xi Alumnae (gazing fondly at new sorority house); “Isn’t it just too perfect—like the house that Jack built.” . PLEDGE: “Yeah. Your jack and mine!”
We wonder if the many taxi dancers told about now that the seniors are back from their inspection trips are all the SAME taxi dancer. A lot of the boys certainly seemed to have fallen for either the same gal or the same general type.
And while we are thinking about
“I’ll never trust another man—^here I was simply mad about him, and then I discover he’s only a substitute on the team!”
This fall Goucher College will celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of its founding.
MA^
LAST DAY-
—5 DAYS— Starting TOMORROW 'IAwbA 'mnoi ti
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
A LIFETIME OF JOY AND MUSICAL THRILLS!
LAST TIMES TODAY
EKifmQN
uNa
C©L1» TSBSOS STALKS tm CAM. BUS M A THBILLINO COLUMBIA PICTUBK
AND \
GENE AUTRY "YODEL!N’ KID FROM PINE RIDGE"
—Also—
"ZORRO RIDES AGAIN"
SUNDAY- MONDAY HER JUNGLE LOVE WIDE OPEN FACES MARCH OF TIME
inspection trips, did you- hear about STUBBY MEIERS entertaining the patrons of a night club all for a promised kiss. But STUBBY was blindfolded while he received his reward, and was he shocked to see the colored waitress standing before him. Whatakiss!
YESTERDAY’S girl was sweet and shy, I Today’s girl is much bolder Today’s girl is not so pretty, but my It’s lots more fun to hold her!
(Ed’s Note: Why???)
And how about Alpha Chi BETTY ANN FLORER and her crush on the handsome Jeff senior. Of course it’s quite all right to take the lad out for a ride and a coke, but the family frowns on this idea of calling him on the phone all the while. Especially while he is still enrolled in the school where Betty is teaching.
FAMOUS LAST TWO LINES: Q.—What is so rare as a day in June? A.—A drink on the house in a Scotch saloon.
LUHA TODAY-TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS
BPENSEWlTHOUTALETUPi
Not So Perky, Huh?
Are you wondering about stretching the family budget for a new dress for Thanksgiving vacation? Have your old one made to look like new by the
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
Make it an evening she will long remember DINE in the ■i ' CHESTNUT ROOM the night of THE MILITARY BALL Phone for your table reservations. Regular Serving Hours: 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. Reservations: 7:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m. ^ JhjL fijJUvdwL - lAmofL
The Corner of the Campus Yet the Center of ActivitiesFriday* November U, 1938
WEPmam,
EXPONENT
Elward Drills Boilermakers On Aerial Offense And Defense For Indiana Game Mol Convinced That Pass Attack Will Add Punch; Bowling League
■lelder*s. ....choice
Mihal And Timperman Show Best TacMe Qualities still convinced that what the Boilermakers need to add to their scoring punch for the Indiana game is an accurate aerial attack, Coach Mai Elward devoted most of last night’s practice session to drilling the ends and backs in the fine points of pass offense. The Purdue gridders have been especially impotent on passes this year, completing only a few in each game. This lack of aerial accuracy is es- ’ ,
pecially noticeable to Boilermaker grid fans because of the abundant supply of grojind-gaining tosses which Cec Isfeell threw in his career as a Boilermaker back. The Purdue squad has only been able to capitalize on one pass this season, w'hen Mike Byelene completed a toss to Jack Krause in the end zone for the Boilermakers’ first score against
the Wisconsin Badgers.
Aerial Defense
While one squad was drilling on aerials at last night’s scrimmage,
with Ted TyHpPls^i doing most of the passing, the opposing squad was drilled on pass defense, attempting to knock down Tykecki’s bullet tosses. Til® Purdue backs have improved steadily all season in this phase of the game, as is evident in the small number of completions that have been made by opposing teams and the number of pass interceptions the Boilermaker backs have
made. _ In last night’s scrimmage, Mihal
and Timperman again demonstrated
Going into the fourth week of competition, Cary Hall 8 leads the nine team' bowling league which holds competition every Tuesday evening on the Union alleys. The league, under the direction of William Briscoe, Cary Hall senior, will continue until the latter part of January, with the winning team getting keys.
why they are carrying the bulk of the burden at the tackle positions. On almost every play these two linemen were downfield to provide blocking for the pass receiver, after taking out their men in the opposing forward wall. Timperman also showed that quality of a lineman which makes him especially valuable on defense. He followed the ball on every play and was able to recover several fumbles made by the offensive backs.
G E T YOURS NOW!
THERE ARE ONLY 4 DAYS LEFT TO GET
By Bruce Witwer On with the cavalcade of stars . . . Tony Ippolito, varsity fullback, takes today’s spotlight.. . the other night we invaded the Theta Chi house to corral Tony and gather material to lay bare the facts of his life ... here they are. —fc— Enviroiunent seems to have a lot to do with Ipp’s life—maybe it’s childhood impressions coming to the fore . . . he was horn and raised next door to the spot where the Chicago fire started ... with such an influence of disaster and conflict, he went out for football in high school, continued the game here at Purdue and, not getting enough tearing people apart to suit him, he plans to go into surgery after graduation. —^fc— Ignatius High School claimed Tony as its own , for four years in the varied positions of guard, tackle and fullback ... he was captain in his senior year . . . basketball and track also occupied his attention. —^fc— After visiting other colleges, Ipp heeded the beckoning hand of Purdue . , . his friends, Maloney, Spehn and Juska were coming here too, so they made a united invasion of the campus . .. you know his story from then on. Tony’s biggest thrill came in his sophomore year when he pranced across the Carnegie Tech goal line for the winning touchdown . . . 7-6 was the score . .. “This year’s team is the best I have ever played on,” said Ipp. “It has a very good coaching staff” . . . football means something to him because of the personal contacts made and the people met. —^fc— Tony plans to go to Loyola after
Cross Country Runners Will Battle In State Meet Truttf Bodeau, Southworth Outstanding Men In Distance Contest Over Four Mile Course Saturday Boilermaker distance stars will battle against representatives from Indiana, Butler, DePauw, Wabash, Indiana Central, Ball State, Taylor, and Earlham for honors in the big state cross country meet which is to be run in Indianapolis Saturday. Art Bodeau, local star, Mel Trutt, of Indiana, and Bill Southworth of Butler, are the outstanding men who are entered in the event.
According to season s records, Clevett Asks Managers' Aid In Picking All-Stars
Managers of all fraternity and ward baseball teams have been requested to hand in selections for the All-Star softball team at the intramural office today. The team, which will be made up of members of any ward, fraternity, and Cary Hall teams, is to be entirely mythical, and is to be selected from the suggestions submitted by the managers. this year to study surgery . . 1 he has had three operations lately and this intimacy with the practice convinced him that his future lay in the medical field. —^fc—• He played in practically all of this year’s Gopher game and three quarters against Ohio State, being one of the main cogs in the Purdue attack ... he is a Gimlet, member of Theta Chi, turned to the cinema in the Union show last year and other shows this summer, and hails allegiance to the “P” Men’s Club.
16 Brands to Choose From
CIGARETTES
Cigars, Tobacco, Pipe Cleaners
DAD’S PLACE—so HANDY
D E B E 1 S
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
—I
'Look at that boy go for a touchdown!" . .
^y4dclecl attmctiond r ike
We have flowers to siiit her every desire—perfumed decoration to set off her costume. - f ’ She’ll appreciate a beautifully arranged corsage. • ROSES ORCHIDS • GARDENIAS
l\otL 5 ^iondt Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
Before the news gets around, make a bee line for your Arrow dealer and pick out your quota of Sanforized, Mitoga cut beauties from the finest assortment of Arrow shirts that ever hit your campus. Everything’s brand new — quiet patterns, colorful stripes on white grounds, checks and double checks, many new collar styles— all tailored with Arrow’s inimitable touch. Hurry... Hurry.., ! $2 and higher.
"Touchdown, myeye—hefust heard where to get the new Arrow Foil patterns."
ARROfV SHIRTS
Buy Yout AimOW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
Mel Trutt should enter the meet a top heavy favorite to win as he has defeated both Southworth and Bodeau already this year. Southworth, however, holds the record for the Purdue cross country course as' he bettered Trutt’s time for the run by three seconds in defeating “Art”
a few weeks ago. Indiana Favored
For team honors, dope seems to assure Indiana of a fairly easy victory, as they have been victorious in all of their meets this season, including wins over the Boilermakers and the Butler Bulldogs. Coach Phillip’s squad lost to Indiana 1636, but has been successful in meets against Butler and Wabash so far this year. This seems to indicate that the Boilermakers are destined to wind up in second place when the
results are totaled.
All this dope may be upset, however, as the meet is being held over the gruelling four-mile Butler course where almost anything can
happen.
Each team may enter seven participants, the first five to finish counting in the scoring. Bodeau, Knapp, Reeves, Marozick, Fatout, Gaulke, and White will be entered for Purdue by Coach Phillips.
Rosalind Russell Robert Donat and Rosalind Russell play the young doctor and his wife respectively in the eagerlyawaited filmization of A. J. Cronin’s internationally best-selling novel, “The Citadel” which will be shown at the Mars Theatre for the next five days. The picture was filmed in authentic locales under the di-r recti on of King^ Vidor.
FREE TRIPS ABROAD And liberal Commissions to energetic : faculty members and students with social contacts. Dignified connection with leading travel organization' as TOUR ORGANIZERS state fully your qualifications and interview will be arranged in your city. P. O. Box 988 Chicago, ni.
LOOKII Beautiful Watch CHAINS Gold and Silver Plated «50 DEWENTER'S 416 Main Lafayette Fiease Bring This AdM
AtcaL (id/L
THE POBDllE EXPONENT
TLatkaA.
Friday. .November 11. 1938
it''%
and .^dder By Georgann Schilling
Much new talent will be featured on this week’s Campus Varieties broadcast Saturday afternoon at 3 p. m. from Fowler Hall. An Old Oaken Bucket skit, a Little Nell melodrama, and piano numbers a la Russ Mock will be included on the program. By the bye, if you enjoy watching broadcasts, this variety hour invites visitors. —H-H— From out of the past come hoopskirted beauties of 70 years ago to again grace the pages of the Debris. Perhaps it is only for decorative purposes, or it may be to prove the idea that co-eds are getting more beautiful every year—whatever the reason, this year’s Debris beauties will be' phctogi-aphed in hoop skirts
also. These gowns and the popular “up” hair styles make the modern co-ed and the beauties of former years seem similar in appearance. Besides the popular fraternitysorority trade dinners, some of the fraternities are having similar interfraternity dinners. The SPE’s and the Kappa Sigs had such a dinner on Tuesday night, and the Sigma Chis and the Delts dined in divided groups last night. —H-H— Not only does Bandleader Bob Crosby find himself musically famous, he even finds himself in the comic strips. Carl Ed, cartoonist, who draws Harold Teen, is featuring the Bobcats in his daily comic strip. Crosby’s Sugar Bowl Swing Club has also been a part of the newspaper serial. _H-H— Tomorrow we plan to tell you lots about guys, gals, and gowns at the ball. Watch for it.
FOR SALE
TyPEWRITBRS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purehaseiL rented and repaired. New Portable maeninea as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main street.
$22.50 Topcoats, Overcoats, Tuxedos and Suits, tailored to your liking. Jordan-Brown and Sons will be at the Fowler Hotel, November 9 and 10 to display woolen fabrics and tailored clothes.
FOR SALE—One brand new demonstrator Corona-Zephyr portable typewriter. Big discount. Phone Staley—7986.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTED-—-roung couple desire to rent space for modern house trailer. Must have electricity, water, use of lavatory. Prefer near campus. S. Myers, 226 Pierce.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Notices
Annual Armistice Banquet: The Annual Armistice Banquet will be held at the Cynthia Jones Hall, West Lafayette Baptist Church, Friday, November 11 at 6:00 p. m. Tickets may be obtained at the Purdue Memorial Union Desk or at the banquet. —WRIGHT.
KEEP COMING! You too can be in step with the latest campus styles and still be comfortable in the coldest weather. We can supply you with clothing appropriate for the cold winter months. Ear Muffs .......i..... ......39c Red Checker Caps 48c Moleskin (Campus Suede) Pants $3.98 Gray Corduroy Pants (Slide Rule Pocket) $2.98
Reliable Clothing Store
224 Main Street
LAZY St%ahk 0»(J(6tds
Drop in and try on a pair. Lazy-Bones Flexible Shank Oxfords moke life's walk E-A-S-YI They are built to exercise and stimulate the arches while you walk. A comfort and style shoe for daughter, mother and grandmother.
the Purdue Expoueiit
Service Directory
• ieeksforas
• Jewelera
"DEAC" EveiytMna #m- a College Education H. G. REISNfR
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This Is ail we do, but we do it well. Opposite Poet Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
e Prefetsional
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Denial Cllnie PAUL A. RISK--DJ>.S. HAROLD j. RISK—D.D.S. LUTH» A, RISK—O.DJ Schultz lulhllnf 4th and Main Phone 5701
e Florists
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Dorne/s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
e Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in th« VARSITY BOOT SHOP
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
e Tailor
SDarrendahl —tailor For Latest Student Styles
4th and Ferry ,
Phone 6030
Junior Military: Junior Military students who' have not been issued their uniforms may get same today after 10:00 a. m. in Supply Room. —CAPT. HOLMES.
Day banquet will be held at the Cynthia Jones Hall, West Lafayette Baptist Church, Friday, November 11, at 6 p. m. Get your tickets at the lobby desk in the Union. —WRIGHT.
Black and Tan Fantasy: Will the singing chorus please meet in Fowler Halt at 4 :00 p. m., Friday, November 11 ? • —WORCESTER.
AlChE: There will be a business meeting at 7 :16 Tuesday, November 16, In the faculty lounge of the Union. —JACOBI.
A.I.Ch.E.: There will be a business meeting in the Faculty Lounge of the Union Building on -Tuesday, November 16, at 7:16 p. m. —JACOBI.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office at 4:00 p. m., Friday, November 11: Richardson, Stephens, Stevenson, Winslow, Worthington, Horth, Anderson, Deniinger. —SQUIRES.
PIA Members: All members planning to attend hay ride Saturday, November 12, at 7:30, must sign up in the new PIA office (east end of main corridor, second floor of the Union) by Saturday noon. Both ed and coed stags are invited. The cost is ten cents per person. —POWLES.
cept those registei^ed as graduate sjbudehts. University offices, and student organizatioira may obtain their copies at the editor's office. (11-12) i ■—STONE. Library Locker Holders: Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your locker. Lockers not reported by December 1 will be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off. „ —HEPBURN.
Scabbard anu Blade: Formal pledging will be hold in the Reception Room of the Union at 7:30 p. m., Friday, November 11. —COEN.
Independent Students: Anyone interested in working on Purdue Ward Association contact one of us either at 76742 or PIA office. (11-13) —SHELLHAMER, SHERMAN. Co-ed Swimmers: Of Ward 2 (north of State street and east of Northwestern) who wish to enter aquacade relays give name to Mona Balcom at 2430 by Wednesday, November 16. —BALCOM.
University Directories: Undergraduate and special students may obtain directories by presenting - their passports at the registrar's office: graduate students, by presenting their schedule cards. Staff members, ex-
Freshman Editorial Worken: The follow* ing schedule is now in effect. All freshmen not yet scheduled contact me. Monday: Ehrhardt, Etter, Traugott, Riegle. Tuesday: Ochiltree, Kuch, Parks, O’Connell. Wednesday: Kennedy, Fletcher, P. Miller, Skallerup. Thursday: Schlossberg, Ruffner, Sears, J. Mueller. Friday: Payne, Daft, W. Smith, Robertson. Saturday: D. Clark. Any worker desiring to change to Saturday may do so. (11-11) —HARDIN.
PIA Orchestra: Practice Friday evening, November 11, at 7 :00 o’clock in the tower room of the Union. All members are urged to attend or have music on hand. —SHINN. .
Amateur Radio: Operators for Sweepstakes at W9YB -meet in station room at 4 p. m. Friday, November 11. —FRAZIER.
Rifle Shooters: All men interested in forming a Rifle Team meet in room 10.4 of the Fleldhouse at 7:30 p. m., 'Tuesday, November 16. —FAIRBANKS.
WAA Hockey: Junioi's vs. sophomores Friday, November 11, at 4 p. m. All girls on these teams are urged to ,be present. —SHAFFER.
Motorcycle Riders: Road run to Portland ' Arch planned for Sunday, November 13Meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop at 10:30 a. m. Bring lunch and dates. —KEYS.
WSGA Interviews: Freshman and transfer wome n,who have not reported for their activities interview, come to the WSGA offoe either Thursday, November 10, or Friday, November 11, between 4 and 6 o’clock. —BARMEa
Armistice Day Banquet: The Armistice
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY , 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
West Side Office 132 Vine Street Phone 7278
GOOD GROOMING Is not a matter of a new outfit every week. IT DOES MEAN Keeping the every day clothes Always Clean, Nicely Mended, and Well-Pressed. YOU' - can be well - groomed with just a little cost and care.
"f'
YOU WALK EVERY DAY SO CHANGE YOUR HABITS FOR MILITARY BALL SEND AN SOS FOR A YELLOW CAB
5 0 2 3
3 0 7 1
YELLOW CAB CO