I I
j
''M 7
VOLUME XLVn
ISW
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MAY 16, 1936
ROTC Holds Anriuai Review Spectators Witness Colorful Event; Inspec-
tion Banquet Given
With nearly 1,000 spectators present, the University R. O. T. C. corps' held its annual inspection on Intramural Field.. yesterday at' 2 o’clock. Forming in the Armory one-half hour earlier, the corps marched to the reviewing field, where it was presented to Major General Wj E. Coley the command^ ing geiier;al pJ the Fiftli Cpfps area, by Uadet Gpkmel Ri G. R6bbinsi<^^^
^ ter a iWrteeh gun salute.
After passing in rp'^ew, i the Corps was inspected by Gblohel A. L. Fuller, Major G. S. Buerketj and Major Stuart McLebd. Exhibit of the command system and exbrcises concluded the program. During the general inspection of the corpSj the motorized batteries performed drills at the south end of the field.
^ Inspection Banquet .
At the Inspection Banquet in the ballroom of the Union Building ylast evening, Major W/ H. Maris ' (Continued on page 4)
University Loses $47,000 Payment Indianapolis, May , 14.—Decisions of the Indiana Appellate court yesterday will prevent Purdue University from collecting $47,073.03 from the state public money sinking fund. The 'University tried to» collect the money as reimbursement for funds deposited in the Fowler Bank City Trust Company of Lafayette when
itclosed June 2,1934.
The Tippecanbe County Circuit Court held that the University was entitled to payment from the sinking fund which was established to protect public funds deposited in closed banks, biit the ^Appellate Court reversed tins decibioni^ ■ T^ higher court held that the fuiids thad been deposited before the siidahg fund regulations took effect.
beans Of Men Plan Meetmg i^iies^ ., Deans end advisors of men in Indiana colleges and universities will meet here Tuesday for their first annual round-table discussioii, acccnrdr ing to the program of the affair. The date has been changed from tomorrow;/.-. The group will discuss questibns pertaining to the relation of deans and the Student body. All sessions will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
It Is Time Foi* A Revival
An Editorial
During the past two years, Purdue has seen an extraordi-
smoking versity when occasional violators of the rule found themselves the object of disrespect among classmates. Since that time there has been a gradual “edging in” on the generally recogf nized boundaries until today there are no boundaries. It will also be noticed from a casual observation that those who flagrantly violate the rule are, in a majority, members of the under classes. During the past year, the Student Senate has discussed means of preventing the current violations of the tradition, but the organization has not the means nor the personnel to carry out the suggested programs. Yesterday afternoon, the Gimlet club took the first step in what promises to be an active campaign to restore the custom which has given Purdue a quality th^ sets her pif f^Ohi otherihstitutkMiSv fcive vote showed that group of activity leaders to be in favor' of ^revival and to be Willing to take ah active pai^ in promote ing it. There is undoubtedly a minority of students on the campus who place pefSdnal cohlfort above all else, and who will r^ walking to the edge of the campus to smoke. 0h the other hand, there is a group, probably in the majcwty^ that is^^ w^ to
Songstress
Co-eds ■ Hold f ■ .' %■ '■ Dick Shehoii To Hay Fca*McHrtar Board Hop, In Union Ballroom
the University of Illinois will farnish the music for the Gingham Gal-,
Dick Shelton and his band teom
lop, which will be held in the Uneton ^ 7
Miss /Bidehe 7 G^ ■ sbhgsti^^ with Emil yelazcd, who is playing at the ahnuai Chty Club spring formal tbinoriow night.
conhhends the m hlave that has been made^ and promises “01d”Pufdue.
, Two intensive unit courses covering field botany and field zoology will be offered by the University biology department from June 11 to July 6, during the annual summer session at the University, according to an announcement made yestefddy. Students in both courses will be given the opportunity to study plants and animals in the field. Each course will carry three - graduate credits in biology. The course in field botany will include lectures, field observations, and laboratory studies on symMosis, with particular attention to be gdven to the subject of parasitism. In field zoology, the work Offered will include field and laboratory studies of the ecology and taxonomy of the local fauna. Explanatory lectures will add interest and variety to the course.
P.A.A. ELECTIONS
Petitions for the position of yell leader and the two P. A. A. vice presidents must be turned in to the Student Senate office before 6 p. m. Sunday afternoon. Each petition must be signed by 25 members of the petitioner’s class, and accompanied by the regular petition fee of one dollar. —Senate Election CominittC#
What it means to be a mentor was clearly explained to a group of junior and senior women last night in the faculty lounge of the Union under the direction of Jeanette Scudder,! , Dean Dorothy C. Stratton pointed out ' the fact that the mentor group can be more active and successful next fall because of the deferred rush system. With a larger freshman class of girls expected, the upperclass Wonaen can aid the freshman co-eds with knowledge of orientation examinations arid physical examinations and their value to the University. Personal contacts will make the freshmen feel more comfortable, Dean Stratton noted. Questions Probable questions that the freshmen would ask were discussed by Jeanette Scudder. Letters can be written by the mentors to their five freshmen girls in the summer so tha.t; the upperclass women may feel better acquainted with the newcomers. Getting dates for the freshmen will be a special problem. Mentors will need to return a few days early so that they can aid the girls before and during orientation.
Black Elected Vice President For 1936-37 Bill Hodgdon, Sigma Chi, was elected yesterday afternoon to head the Gimlet club fpr the ensuing year while Don Black, Pi Kappa Phi and Bob Burks, Triangle were elected vice president arid se<a?etarytreasurer respectively. The elections were unique in that both Hodgdon and Black were the singular nominees for their offices and white ballots were cast for both men. It was probably the first time in the history of the club that there has been such an extraordinary circuiristance. Discussion preceding the nominations resulted in a decision td require the nominees to present to the Club their platforms on activities for the coming year. Circumstances, however, made the motion unneeessaiy. Remarks After his election, Hodgdon presented a few remarks concerning the coming year. He advoca;ted the (Continued on page 4)
SOPHOMORE UNION . / : WORKERS / , : All who have not petitioned or who have not arranged interviews with Mr. Yallely, do so at once. Very important. PULLER.
Dr. Vanckeri To Disciiss Emergency iFork Five hundred or more amateur radio fans aJ^e' holding the fourth annual Amateiir Radio Round-Up and Hoosier Hariifest at the University today and tomorrow, under the direction of the electrical engineering school, the engineering extension department, and the University Radio club. Afternoon Program This afternoon the “hams” will make an inspection tour of the radio stations and laboratories, meeting tonight at 7 o’clock for a formal opening in the main lecture room of the E. E. Building. Dr. Joseph Vancheri, W8BWH, will give a talk on the amateur’s place in emergency work. Dr. /Vancheri directed most of the air traffic between stricken cities and relief workers during the recent flood period in the east. Several other talks and a colored movie will also be features of tonight’s meeting. DeSoiD Will Speak Tomorrow night technical subjects will prevail at another meeting at 7 o’clock in the E. E. Building. The principal speaker will be C. BDeSoto, assistent secretary of the American Radio Relay League.
Gairy Club Molds Foiru^l Touiorro# With an orchestra in each hall,
Cary club members and thqir guests \rill dunce at the anriuai spririg formal tomorrow night. Emil Velazco and his orchestra, on his initial tour of the nation, will play in the north hall while Ray Bossart, : from the /University of Illinois, plays ii^the east hall. Helene Gray is the featured soloist with Velazco. A rock garden arid fountain will form the decorations. Approximately 260 cou-
ples are expected to attend.
ballroom tonight. 'This co-ed trid dance is sponsored by Mortar Board. As indicated by Hie title of the dance, cotton costumes of either sports or formal type are to he worn to carry out the theme of the affair. Tickets may be procured at the Union d^k, sorority houses, and Women’s Residence Hall, and are priced
at one dollar.
Pledges to Mortar Board wiU be initiated at Dean R. G. Dukes home Sunday morning at sunrise, it was. announced by Mary Louise Lustig, president of Mortar Board. Break-; fast will be served to^ihe group following the initiation.
I fi
illpy
M. 1. T. students will build and sell a “model home” every year under a plan just put into motion.
Discuss Rush The Fraternity Presidents’ Council held a brief meeting at the S. A. E. house last night. The main, topic for discussion was the advisability of using fraternity rush booklets. Last year these booklets were sent to prospective fraternity men and contained pictures and a brief description of each fraternity on the campus. The council decided to use similar booklets for the coming ■year. Elections will be held at the next meeting of the council next Thursday at the Union Building.
William Forest Crouch, Ghnsigb editorial director of the Picture Daily and the Motion Picture Herald, will be the guest speaker at the annual Sigma Delta Ghi banquet Sunday. Associate meinbers/ of the orgamzation will be initialed / at 2:30 and the banquet will follow ate. Crouch has conducted tests /for motion picture talent, reported <>n the intimate lives of Hollywood stars, written movie publicity, and^ produced travel pictures, and hte been around the world tiucee times within the past two years; He w»s initiated into Sigma Delta CM whil© / a student at Grinnell University. 'The anriuai presentation of the leather medal to the person who has done the m<»t for Parbri©' during the past jrear vriU be high spot of the occasion. A replica of the hexagonal medal wMeh hangs in the mairi hall of the Union Building will be awarded te the winner and his name will be added to the list that now hangs froiri the original.
Gould Improves
Torn Gould, business manager of the ’36 Debris who underwent an operation for appendicitis Tuesday, is doing fine according to a report from St. Elizabeth’s hospital and will probably be released Wednesday.
EXPONENT STAFF
There will be a compqlso^ meeting of the co-ed, sporte, and editorial staffs prily toriiorrow afternoon atl :3Q in rooirisl arid 2 of the Union. All freshmari men and women who wish to contiriue on the paper riiust at'tend. MORRIS/
The Purdue Athletic Association" is on its last legs! Next Tuesday the student body will have an opportunity to approve the riew constitution of the S. A. A. at the elections to be held in the Memorial Union Building from 8 until 6 o’clock. The new constitution has been ap- ' proved by Pres. E. C. Elliott, Dean M. L. Fisher, and Prof. Robert Phillips and was drawn up by a committee consisting of Noble Kizer, Bob Woodworth, and the present officers of the P. A. A.' Changes have been inade in order to bring the constitution up to date, eliminate obsolete provisions, and to clarify the confusing sections. ■ CONSriTUTION OF THE STtlDENT ATHLETIC ASSOCIATION ARTICLE 1 Name Section 1. This organization bhall be known as the Student Athletic Association. ARTICLE 2 Purpose Section 1. The object of this Association is to cooperate; in promoting such athletic sports at Purdue University as are in harmony with the laws of physical, mental and moral development. ARTICLE 8 Membership Section I, Any student enrolled in the University shall be eligible to membership in this Association and shall be considered a member upon payment of the student recreation fee which will also entitle the student to admission to all regularly sch^uled home intercollegiate athletic contests during the academic year in addition to various of her privileges. Section 2. UniverCity staff members shall be eligible for' associate membership. upon
Elections In Union
payment of the S. A. A. recreation fee. ARTICLE 4 . Meetings Section 1. Meetings ot- this Association shall be held only on call by its President. Section 2. A quorum for called meetings shall consist of three of the duly elected officers of the Association. . . ARTICLE 8 Officers Section 1. The officers of the Association shall be a senior president, two junior yice-.^ presidents, and a senior secretary. The president shall be chosen by ballot from the two vice-presidents of the preceding year and the remaining vice-president shall automatically become seefetaty. A student holding a major award in a Varsity sport is not eligible for office in the Association. Section 2. There shall be an insignia board for each sport, cdnsisting of the president, the two vice-presidents, and the secretary of the Association, the Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men, the chairman of the Faculty Athletic Committee, and the coach, : captain, and, student manager, or managers, of the spori under consideration. ARTICLE 6 Election of Officers and “Yell” Leader Section 1. The 'offiwrs of the Association and "Yeir’ leader shall be elected not later than one month before the termination of the academic year. Section 2. The^ newly elected officers and yell leader shall assume their duties after the awarding of the baseball and track insignia in the spring of each year. , Section 8, Any vacancy of office shall be filled by a special election, to be held not later than one month after vacancy occurs. Section 4. Candidate for head “Yell" leader shall be nominated by a board consisting of the officers of the Association, the president of the Gimlet Club, the president of the Reamer Club, the president of the Gold Peppers, the Director of the Division of Physical Education for Men, and the retiring head “Yell” leader. Section 5. Only student members of the Associatibn and “P” Men'shall be entitled to vote in S. A. A. elections. ARTICLE?'. Dufies of Officers ' Section i. It shall be the duty of the president of the Associatibn to preside at all
meetings of the insignia boards and meetings of the Association. SeotioR 2. The president shall appoint one of the vice-presidents to perfbrm the duties of president in his absence. Section 3.. It shall be the duty of the secretary to keep the roll and the minutes of the insignia board meetings, and of all special meetings of the Association. , Section 4. The insignia boards shall have fuU power to make all athletic awards for varsity teams. ARTICLE 8 Insignia 'Boards Section 1. It shall be the duty of each elected member of the insignia boards to keep informed at all times of the attitude, activity, and interest of each athlete in his particular branch bf sport with a view tg determining eligibility for awards at the end of the season. Sectii^h 2. The insignia hoard shall make its aws(rdB within one week after the last game or. meet in each sport. ARTICLE 9 Managers Section 1. Each sport with the exception of football shall have one manager. There shall be two managers for football. It shall be the duty of each team manager to assist in contest arfapgements,/supervise. the handling of equipment for the team during the season of the sport in question, direct the activities of the assistant managers during practices and contests, issue a call for sophomore assistants, and keep a record of the amount of time played by each squad member during each contest of the sport in question. At the end of the season he inust submit an acceptable written report of the season to the insignia board. 111686 reports shall be kept on file with the secretary. ■ Section 2. The assistant manager, or managers, of each particulai^ sport, having performed his, or their, duties as such in a manner satisfactory to the insignia board, shall automatically be declared manager, or managers ,of that sport by the insignia board for the following SSa**. • Section 8. 'Assistant managers and alters, nates shall be selected from candidates whb have served as sophomore assistants at least two weeks before the opening game or meet by a committee consisting, of ^ the' Director of the Division of Physical Education tor Men,
and the coach, captain and senior manager of the sport under consideration. Section 4. In case the manager drops out of school, the alternate, shall automatically take the office. If neither returns, the committee shali name a new manager. Section 5. It shall be the duty of the assistant manager to perforin such duties as are prescribed by the. manager. ARTICLE 10 Recall Section 1. In case of alleged misconduct, or improper discharge of duty, or duties, of any officer of the S. A. A., this case shall be referred to a board composed of the remaining officers of the Association, the Direbtpr of the Division of Physical Education for Men, and Chairman of the Faculty Athletic Committee. A unanimous vote of the board shall be necessary to remove a man from office. Section 2. All letters awarded are subjwt to recall by the insignia board of ithe sport in question upon presentation of Svidence proving that the wearer of the letter is nn; worthy of the honor. It shall require a unanimous vote of the insignia board to recall a letter. ARTICLE U ' Qualificatlona for Letters S^lten 1. A student must'play in at least one-half of the quarters in Conference ,or equivalent fdotbali games, and have ^the recommendations pf the coach, in order to he eligible for a football letter. . . Section 2. A student must play at least seven full halves in Conference basketball, and have the reconunendation of the coach, in order to he eligible for a basketball letter. Section 3. A student must play at least , thirty innings, participate in at least five Conference games, and have the recommendation of the c<mch, in order to he eligible for a baseball. letter. A pitcher must pitch eighteen innings in Conference games. Section 4. Any student, recommended by the .coach, who wins five points in a meet with a Conference school, or a first or a second place in a state meet, or one point in the annual Conference meet shall be eligible for the track letter. The regular track insignia accompanied by a “0. O." shall be given to any member of the cross country team finishing within the first fifteen in any annual Conference lueet, or first in a dual meet with
a Conference school, or a member of a Conference championship team. Track letters shall be awarded to pll members of a team winning any approved open relay, or the Conference relay. Section 5. Any student winning a match in a dual Conference wrestling meet, or first, second or third in the Conference meet shall be eligible for''a wrestling letter upon recommendation of the coach. Section 6. Any player or players winning first place in a dual Conference tennis meet, a first or second in a State tennis meet, or a first, second or third in the Conference tennis meet, shall be eligible for a tennis letter upon recommendation of the coach. . Section 7, A student winning five points in a dual Conference swimming meet, or a first, second or third in the Conference swimming meet shall be eligible for a swimming letter upon recommendation of the coach. Section 8. A student winning first place in a dual Conference golf meeti or a first, second or third in the Conference golf meet shall be eligible for a golf letter upon recora-; mendation of the coach. . Section. 9, A student winning first place in a dual Conference gymnastic or fencing meet, or a first, second of third ^le {Confmence gymnastic or.fencing iheet, shall be eligibie for a gymnastic or fencing letter upon recommendation of the coach. Section 10. A student participating in onehalf of the halves of Conference meets shall be eligible for a Water polo letter upon feeonunendation of the coach. Section U. Regular members of the p&tol team recommended by the pistol coach shall be eligible for the pistol shooting letW. Section 12. The following Styles of P’s shall be considered the official insignia foir the respective sports; 7%-incln, block P for the major sports, nam^, football, basketball, baseball and track; a B^-inoh block P for the minor sports, namely, swimm^, water b'askethall, wrestling, tennis, squash, gymnastics, golf, fencing and pistol shooting with the initial of the minor sport cut in tlte base of the letter. Minor letters for sdl sports and awards for major B teams shall be a' 6-inch Old English P. /^ Section. 13. Upon the special recommendation of the coach of the sport in question, the insignia board may at its diseretioit awaKd A letter to tmy, student who nmy hot have ful-
filled entire competitive requifements. ' - Section 14. Awards of “P” blankets must '/ be approved by a joint meeting of the insfe- , ?/ nia boards of all of the sports in qu^tion. ' ' Section IS. Regularly elected offteers of the S. A. A. shall be awarded a major letter 'with “S. A. A.” in the base. ' j
ARTICLE 12
_ , Mfilor Awajcds-/' ^ Section 1* A mnn for xneritorioju^ service m any branch of spo^ may bo awarded a minor lett^ at the discretion of the insisnia board providintfir he is/properly recommmided by the coach. ': ■ Section 2. Freshman varsii^ numerals la ^ branches of sport ^all he awards by the insignia boai^ upon the recommendation of the coaches of the respective sports^ For the major sports this award shall consist of twa four-inch numerals representihg the last two di^ts of the freshman class in qu^tioit. FW minor sports, the award sh^ consist of four* '' inch numerals repfesentimy all d^it^ of the fr^hman class in question. Section 3* Managers ahaii be awarded a letter with a small MGR in the base. Thu size shall cori^pond to the' majw letter of : C?. i gie sport myolved. according to Article IL Section 12. ^ Sei^on 4. The yell leader shall be awarded a major “P” with “yell” in the base, . SMhon 5, It be deemed dishcittorahto by the Association for any studenY of the - Univereity wteir sewed en hii clothing the letter P, unless presented b^e Sciatwa ^ a reward under the provisions of Article Special Meeti^s meetup,, having duly advertised it in the . ilisii student pubUeation.'
article u
■" « .. ■■ ■' _ Amendinenta . Seettoa, V institution may be amend- ' // ed by a two-thri^. .affirmative vote of the .
Association, pro- ,
vided that three hundted votes to tast ou
Pwpesition f# amndteerib^
proposed amendment**
MAIN OFFICN-«12 Nortli Fifth Street
Editorial Phohe 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF
Edito^in^hirf™. ~ - ManaainK Editor »»» ».»». «*— ««« ^ E. H* Morris ABBo-mte Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B, P. Mamon, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF „ ^ . „„ „ . LD Wood S. R Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain, D. F. "VSTilson
Sports Editor ~ Aaiociate Sports Editors
Business Manager „ Nationai Advertising Man^er„
BUSINESS STAFF
R. J. Hulse L H Brown
Editor —— Associate Editors
WOMEN'S STAFF „ , ^ __ Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Friday, May 15,1936.
Issue Editor—^H. D. Moiiroe.
Tax Bill Comments The new tax bill now before Congress has aroused much violent opposition. The change in the method of taxing corporations has borne the brunt of this disapproval, and for good reasons. The building up of reserves by both large and small corporations has long been the best method of continuing operations throughout the periodic depression periods, and as such has been a great aid to the general welfare of the public during these times of stress. Many students of the science of taxation, and it really is a science, have protested that the proposed bill would prevent the development of the smaller corporations, in addition to its bad effects on the entire nation during economic slumps. The process of plowing back profits into the business, so th6y say, would be halted to the extent that the smaller organizations would not be given the proper opportunities for expansion. A few of the comments gleaned from the press during the last two weeks follow, presenting briefiy some of the most important arguments against the bill. The consequences of the new theory of taxation can be clearly seen. It will prevent the rise of new businesses. It will therefore prevent ambitious and imaginative men from seeking independence and by so doing will prevent them from giving employment to other men and women. At the same time it will discourage expansion of the nation’s productive resources.— Chicago Tribune. I think it is unquestionable that the law will operate in favor Df the large, established companies as against those of their aspiring rivals. This no doubt accounts for the fact that comparatively little opposition to the bill has come from the large mrporations.—G. 0. May, in testimony before the Senate finance committee.
What would have happened m this country if corporations lad possessed no reserves at the start of the depression ? I can speak with intimate knowledge only of the steel industry. The jxistence of reserves enabled the steel industry to carry on through the depression, to maintain its plants, to spend large sums in relief, and to sustain over a four year period a loss of more than $285,000,000.—T. M. Girdler, president of the Re-
public Steel Corporation.
On what theory can Congress, on the one hand, take great pains to build up public reserves for recovery and relief, and ttien adopt a tax bill which levies a drastic penalty on the building up of private reserves for stabilizing purchasing power and maintaining and expanding employment?—New York Times.
READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from Us readers
1
Bradbury and Winterrowd pro iess a platonic friendship, it’s so platonic that they woo all evening on the Theta chaise loPnge. My Amie had a broad, grin on his face yesterday morning after reading about Belury playing fish; re^ member the old one about laughing last? Sherry loves Dillon. The Roving Reporter saw Bud Daley riding all around Cary Hall’s back yard on the grass cutter. That is right, my friend, obey your impulses! Synonyms for the Gingham Gallop: Seersucker Stampede. Boucle Brawl. Cotton Cantor. Shantung Shimmy. LlmenLope. Organdy Orchesis. Chififon Shuffle. (it sounds the same). It’s too bad McConnell is graduatmg; there won’t be anyone left to take freshman co-eds for rides. Where was Dave Carter’s sister until 4 a. m. Sun ? Ask Paul Stephan. DEDICATED TO JACK COLE One. Is he really the man of a thousand faces ? The Other: Is he, why it takes him two weeks to shave! Pate “Do you know the difference between a taxi and a bus?” FIFI: “No.” Pate: “Fine, we’ll take the bus.” Hageboeck (at concert): “She has quite a large repertoire hasn’t she ?” Ploehn: “Yes, and that dress makes it look all the worse.” ECHO OF NATIONAL INSPECTION Sergeant Shorty: “Did you shave this morning, Robbins?” Robbins: “Yes, sergeant.” Sgt. Shorty: “Well, the next time stand a bit nearer the razor.” Our esteemed Cadet Colonel Robbins^ didn’t even share his candy with the “big shots” at inspection yesterday. Can’t our army get along without such childish mastication? S. A. E. Conway put his pin out back home What are you going to have boys, beer or cigars ?
fb)* ticket s&IeiS Rfmual LiteTi^Sf Bi^nqpel by the Scriveheic ^club ii^ toirtoT“ row pight. Tickets ttihy be obtained at the English dMce; Upion desk, Deae’s, Sodthworth’s and Dicker’s. Theodore Dreiser will bO tbO principal speaker and awards winners in the Literary contest will be made^ Prof. Curtimings iS in gettep* ai charge.
Cosmopolitans To Give Spring Formal Richard Gurard and his orchestra will supply music for the Cosmopolitan club’s annual spring formal, which IS to be held at Allen’s ballroom tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock. Tickets vTill be on sale at the Union desk or may be bought from any member of the club or at the door. Chaperones will be Mr. and Mrs. W. Martin, Prof, and Mrs. H. Baldwin, Prof, and Mrs. E. V. Greenfield, Rev. and Mrs. McFadden, Mr. T. K. Noss, Mr. W. Braswell, and Miss Clare
Coolidge.
Last Friday night the club held its annual election of officers. The following were elected: A. F. Futoohee, president; Vasile Conciatu, vice president; Carlos Valdes-Perez, treasurer; E. E. Roqueta, assistant treasurer; Virginia Griffin, secretary; Marjorie Rogers, assistant secretary; J. Caracciolo, sergeant-
at-arms.
Shreve Talks On Jewels
Before Indiana Club
Prof. R. Norris Shreve, of the University school of chemical engineering, spoke before Sigma Xi at Indiana University last night, discussing “The Chemistry of Precious and Semi-Precious Stones”, and illustrating his talk by the use of
specimens from his collection.
He laid particular emphasis upon the fact that the beauty of the stone IS, in a vast majority of cases, due to small quantities of what is often called an impurity. For instance, a few per cent of chromium is what causes the beautiful color of the ruby, without which, this stone
would be totally colorless.
TODAY - SATURDAY PaiMd Ism adds amtlier Mu
Self Government To the Editor: The Purdue Senate has not accomplished the many objectives originally set forth by some of us who were slightly idealistic on the subject. It has not prevented students from smoking the campus; it has not prevented students from walking on the grass; it has not settled the time-worn automobile situation ; it has not thrown out the expensive honoraries; it has not solved the problem of an over-supply of organizations on the Purdue campus; it has not always been able to create anew a feeling of extreme honesty and fair play at elections; in fact, the Senate probably has done little to make students the perfect creatures they should be. It is not the purpose of this reader’s opinion to set forth the accomplishments of the Senate; but, to indicate that, as Dean Stratton says, “Student government should be self government.” It certainly is not desirable, even if it were practical, to station an officer of the law at those points on the campus where the majority of the offenses are committed. Perhaps it IS evidence of senior conceit when I say that only a few cordwearers violate this anti-campus-smoke rule and tradition. The respect for Purdue spirit and tradition, as well as regulation, is not born, but is instilled. As soon as one crop of students is educated to tradition and regulation, they are gone and another group enters to begin the process all over again. This educational program knows no end. The Senate, as witnessed by its stand on attendance, has believed that our higher education should not be attained by force superimposed on unreceptive minds. Paternal chastisement as practiced by many of our universities has resulted in the well known diploma moron. Smoking on the campus will not stop today or tomorrow; but, a continual airing of the opinion of the average student as to the undesirability of such a practice will hold it in check. It is to be hoped that in the forthcoming Senate election considerable emphasis will be placed on securing an executive with force and directing ability.—Senior Senator.
Bryant’s Band To Play At South Bend Prom Bud Bryant’s band will leave for South Bend this afternoon at 4 o’clock where it will play for the Central high school senior prom in the Palais Royal ballroom tonight. Bud will be unable to make the trip as he IS recovering from an appendicitis operation at his home in Lafayette Bill Douglas, pianist, will direct the band in his absence. Bud stated last night that he plans to be back with the orchestra for the Monday noon program. After returning to the University for the regular bioadcast tomorrow noon, the band will leave for Champaign-Urbana, 111, where it will provide the music for the Kappa Alpha Theta formal dance, tomorrow night.
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE | STUART ERWIN HEuisii
Editor’s Note: As the gentleman has stated, the Senate has not done much of anything. Student self government is truly a great thing—providing the governing body has and uses authority. But at least the Senate has gone on record several times, however f utilely, as being for or against certain changes in the regulations governing students. Concerning the election of an energetic and capable president this month, it might be well to choose a man who will enforce the Senate’s own rule regarding the attendance of Senators at meetings. Now the Gimlet club has undertaken what the Senate has apparently given up. More power to the Gimlets.
WAA Holds Initial Mass Meeting In Co-ed Gym Misses Hazleton, Ellis and Brady PEW instructors, pinch-hitting for Glen Downey, spoke on “Baseball From The Spectator’s Point of View” at the first mass meeting of the WAA held last night in the Women’s gym. Downey, who was supposed to make the talk, was unable to attend. Betty Arnold, newly elected president of the WAA presided over the meeting. She and Kathryn Dunwodie gave reports on a meeting of the Athletic Federation of College Women which they attended from April 23 to 26.
and
•G6MTL€ . JULIA^ LwithlMEWITHIRS
Because he leaned too far over a balcony to pour water on a classmate below, a Lafayette College student went to the hospital with a fractured skull.
TODAY
SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
‘f^m' ..•TIISACRSRY WDEStiwiaaieE* and CHARLES STARRETT in PETER B. KYNE’S “Mysterious Defender”
^ %f. C. Fi:Rpeklf^i:diU k^d 4 tip l^kiwrity ^ehopl bf eleekeieW Ahginberipg, jiist "received a re» quest iroStt Ai CapCe/ presid^»| qf i Uedrottrimi Des Biectriclehs, Buljs, France, for :^erihisai'bn toJ?tanslate aijid jiublish ih |Fr®hch tke Cttffineerihg experiment statiba bulletin en ^‘Lightning Prbtecifion of Distribution Systems l^nd Transformers”. The type of interdoiinectibn described m the bulletin has been adopted by a number of the large public utility companies of this country, including the Commonwealth Edison Co., of Chicago, to provide additional lightning protection on distribution systems, and a considerable reduction in damage has been reported which is beheyed to be due in part to the change. Study of Spanish is rising rapidly in importance and popularity in most United States colleges.
ARC TODAY - SATURDAY JOHN WAYNE in “New Frontier” and RALPH BELLAMY m “Dangerous Intrigue” alao “Custer’s Last Stand”
PS they say at the Beaux Arts—just plain Red and Block down on the farm—Brick Red and Black—in Higgins' American Drawing
Inks. A great pair to draw to
^ —or with. The sixteen Higgins”
Colors give a full house that
CHA$. M. HIGGINS A CO., Ine. 87] Ninth St. Brooklyn, N.y. HIGGINS'
American
DRAWING INKS
xp OLYMPIC
GAMES
AUiiST Ist-lith
BERLIN ermany Olympic Year is the World's Festive Year in Germany. The Xlth Olympic Games are centered in a grand programme of exciting attractions: The Bayreuth Wagner Festival [Plays, the Munich Opera Festivals, International Art Exhibitions, brilliant theatricals. In addition: Scenic grandeur,famous health resorts, romantic castles, picturesque folk festivals, medieval towns, cosmopolitan cities. Modern travel comfort and the traditional hospitality of the land of Wanderlust and Gemutlichkeit. Railroad fares reduced 60%,Travel Marks at low rates. Write for booklet C-1. GEHMAIM RAILROADS INFORMATION OFFICE 66B Fifth Ava. at 03rd St., Now York
K ■; i
lie a Good Sport and come up with a smile if your favorite team goes down in defeat. But you never take any chances with your advertising if you advertise in the Exponent.
lowers
come to life in the spring because the warm rain and sunshine puts new life into them. And advertising will have the same effect on your business.
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this paper will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue.Sir' V Spectacular Base^Stealmg, Numaraus Errors .. Mark ExcUing BaUle\ ^ .
eel
on Inttamural field. The game was punctuated by many putouts on attempts at base-stealing and by several errors made at critical moments, all of which kept-the fans'in a constant uproar.
Martinmen Meet Illini Tomorrow "Illinois University thinlies will travel here tomorrow to test Purdue’s strength on the cinders. Coaches have rated the Illini as being “better than average” and they are very strong in the hurdles, dashes, and the jumping events. Bobby Grieves, member of the team is one of the best dash men in the Big Ten conference. Coach Martin said yesterday that his men were in good -condition and that he expected thern to -win the mile, half-mile, and. the 440, and also give tough competition, jn ail
other events.
Baltimore U. Will Discontinue Grid Competition Baltimore, Md.—(ACP)^Definite and final discontinuance of football as ah intercollegiate sport has been announced by University of Baltimore authorities in what some 6bservefs believe to be a significant straw in the wind, indicative perhaps of ultimate abandonment of the spprt by all colleges. “Money usually spent on the footr ball squad,” said Vice President Brown in: explanation of the step, “will instead be reverted to providing a Recreation Center for the student body and f aculty of the University, as well as a more extensive || Ibtudent intramural activities program. i “The Recreation Center has been c ia; topic hf discijssion for some time and the board of trustees decided that itvwould^ to provide -- .recreational facilities for the, stU' ?<v dent body as a whole, instead of continuing football for a very small minori'j^^' of students. From these in- : hovatiibnSj-a greater number will de rive more important educational and fraternal benefit.” The ■ ^hivefsity ' administration had in mind'the will of a majority of Baltimore students when it took the step, said an editorial in the Baloo, weekly paper. Increased intramural facilities and emphasis on tennis and baseball are expected to offset the loss of football for most of the student body.
Furious First ' ~ , The first inning characterized the game. Mitchell of Louisiana knocked a three base hit on the second ball pitched which sailed out into right field only to be missed by Mitchell of Purdue. Paukey then - came up and knocked a short liner and made first but the ball caught Mitchell stealing for home. Before the shouting had subsided Thigpen, Bulldog' first baseman, hit a short pop fly which Sines misjudged and returned to second forcing out Paukey who expected a fly-out. Following these events came a walk, a force out and a high fly ending the Tech half of the first. Purdue went up to bat, made one hit; popped out twice and fanned to complete the inning. The second inning was somewhat of a relapse; but Sines made u^^^ for Wednesday’s performance by stealing home; He further evened up his record by throwihg but Thigpeh^^^^a^^ home in :Uie third. ' ■ ' Rally ■■ The Bpilermarkers, following the example of Wednesday, again made a rally in the laet tWo innings which Was short lived When Mitchell popped out With two oh base and two
down, ^
^rtz pitched for Purdue until the seventh and was relieved by Shuttleworth, Who was in tuim relieved by Lefty Martin in the eighth. Thylor pitched the entire game for Louis iana; Gatchers Were Krause and
Hewitt.-
The lineup was as follows:
At 4 O’clock Today Today's baseball tilt with Michigan University' should offer the Boilermaker nine k chance for a comeback in the Big Ten placements. The Alin Arbor boys are reputed to have a tough'te,am but slightly weak oh the batting side. The Boilermakers although defeated by the men from Louisiana, have shown repeatedly that they have the ability to win the ball game, all
breaks aside.
Lefty Martin will probably pitch the game this afternoon at 4 o’clock on Intramural field and all true Boilermaker fans are urged to attend this game and give the team the much needed interest and support. Admission is free.
25 Entrants Open Horseshoe Tourney The all-campus elimination horSeshoe tourney began yesterday with series of .close contests on the courts at the east side of the armory. With approximately twentyfive entrants, each of whom seemed to have his own peculiar grip and method of throwing, the contest promised to be an education for the newly: aspired: barnyard^ g^^ Horseshoe throWm^ m,i according to leading authorities on gymnastics, a sport which takes a maximum of muscular coordination; and gives an unusually great amount of exercise and yet can be played by young and old With equal aihount of enthusiasm and minimuni of bodily danger..; The matches for 4 o’clock today are as follows: 1. Tpdd, vs. M 2. Bryan vs, winner of 1. 3. Roundebusch. ys, Le Masters. 4. Moan vs. winner of 3. 6. Parkas vs. winner of 4.
By Bob Walpole
0’NMllS&ts
Purdue Maiaska cf Bartz,p Lucas, 3b Young,lb Mangas, If Sines, ss Mifchell, rf Krause, c Waling, 2b Score by innings: ' ■ 'R'rH Purdue.......... ,010 110 420— 9 13 Louisiana......002 022 123—12 2i Base on ballsiroff Taylor, .7,. off Bartz, 3; Shuttleworth 1, Martin, 1, Strikeouts—Taylor 10; -Bartz 1; Martin 1. Now entering his thirty-third year of service is James A, Ten Eyck, famous Syracuse University crew coach.
Louisiana-Tech Mitchell cf p£iukey,2b Thigpen, lb Taylor, p Adkins, ss Hewitt, Gresham 3b Shackleford, cf Gardner, rf
Nemt
You’ll be grateful next fall when you unpack winter clothes and other such articles to find them in A-1 condition because they Were properly cleaned this spring. To absolutely protect belongings from the ravages of moths this summer and keep them fresh and Clean for later use, you will find no better service in town. GET STARTEP NOW TO PACK YOUR WARDROBE.
Phone 4781
By C. D. Schroeder VW., B. O’Neill, president, of the University Glider ClUb yesterday set what is believed to be an imofficia! state record of 24 minutes in “thermo-soaring”. According to A. L. Wood, a^meUiber of the club, this time is by far the best ever recorded by the Glider Club. O’Neill took off from the a,irport, towed by the club’s model A Ford, and attained an altitude of 600 feet from this pull. After gliding over the gravel pit he received his ground “thermo” which carried him to l2Qp feet. This was accomplished by making graceful circles over the pit. He then circled over West Lafayette, where he: gamed an alti tude of about 1400 feet from the hot air rising off the roofs. O’Neill then glided across the river and circled over Lafayette for five or ten minutes. Plying over Lafayette the ship checked With an airplane flown by a local pilot at 1200 feet, I Loses Altitude O’Neill tried to get oyer the Monon tracks in the industrial district but because of a lack of landing places he decided to conie back over the city. Noticing that he was slowly losing altitude he headed back for the airport. Meanwhile many people, including President Elliott, Lieutenant Colonel Brewer, and the reviewing officers had noticed the glider in flight and dashed out to the airport to greet O’Neill when he landed. About 100 people had assembled by the time O’Neill reached the airport. The ship was brought tp a perfect landing in the middle of the field, and O’Neill was literally swarmed by members of the glid-. er club who ran out to greet him; O’Neill said the flight was by far the biggest thrill he had ever received in his life. The flight, however, will not be! recognized qs official because, there was no official observer present; It was peculiar ip so far Us it waS made dtt a cloudless day. Usuajly such flights are accomplished Only by the aid of large cunndus clouds; O’Neill’s actual distance was six miles but he could have easily made 16 miles had he tried for long distance. All in all it w'as a big d% fpr the glider club. During the day both of the ^ider club ships were in the air and a total of 37 flights ware
made.: '■ .
Talking with some ,of the Louisiana Tech baseball players'reminded me-of an incident that occured while the Boilermakexa were being entertained at Ruston, La^ during spring vacation. Apparently the Bulldogs had heard of-our Purdue basketball team and perhaps they doubted the merits of the Old Gold and Black five. Anyway, a little game was arranged between the Tech varsity and any interested members of the Purdue baseball team. It so happened that the visiting team included in their number five members of the varsity netmen, including Young, Downey, Maiaska, Sines, and Mangas. A regulation basketball game was played; minus the guiding hand of either team’s
coach. —^fc—
Maiaska : itarhed • on the beat; Sines turned on' the heat, Young turned on the; heat; ip fact,; they all turned on the heat, to astonish the fans ... and the Bulldogs. : : Final score: Purdue, 64; Louisiana 5^ch, 30; __fc^'. ■.; If someone doesn’t hurry up and hit a home run over the left field fence Phi going: to lose that malted milki shake that Pop Doan bet me. He says 'it can’t be done. I say it can. The het-ra malted. I promised “Pop” a milkshake if some hearty hitter drops one in the Women’s Residence Hall. Think I’m safe ? The Boilerinakers did their work the hard way yesterday. Ending innings with two Or three Bulldogs on base kept the fans guessing. The weather was alniOst ideal with the exception of an occasional blast of wind that aided the fielders in drop ping high fliOs. F''> —fc— Sines almost redeenied, himself yesterday by his base ruiming and one splendid piece of fielding. Ad kins. Bulldog shortstop, drove out a hot grounder between second and third with one; of his teammates on the third sack. John made a dive for the ball, caught it in Ws glove less hand, then threw to Krause at home to put out the incoming runner, ■ ' , . ', • F :' v' —fc^ F His secOhd contribution was to steal home in the second inning f Or the first Boilermaker tally. Remember the Michigan game this afternoon. Last year the Boilermakers knocked the illini off the top rung of the Big Ten ladder . maybe they can repeat' with the Wolverines.
Here Today - NoHhwestem Squad One Of Best In Big Ten Northwestern University’s tennis squad will visit the eampus today for a series of matches with the Boilef maker netmen at 4 o’clock on the University courts. This match promises to be one of the best of the season since the Northwestern squad is rated one of the best net teams that, the Big Ten has seen in a long time. The Purdue number one man. Bob Nikolieh, will be assisted by Ulray, Wakefield, Tzucker and Edmonds. They have been receiving much practice because of excellent weather and court conditions and should be able to give the Wildcats a hard battle. ' Men who survived the first cut in the freshman tennis tournament were announced last night by Coach La Bree. These were selected from thirty-two men who turned out at'the beginning of the season. The second cut will be made in about three weeks and Coach LaBree said that about eight of the twelve men selected last night will be kept to bolster next year’s net squad. The names of the men on the freislimah team pro: A, Carlson, R. D. Juve, M. Gorris, C. W. Mann, Linn, E. D. Ayer, T. O. Jackson, W. Blistain, W. D. Reed, L. Brodsky, D* H. Wildmakn, L. Gardner.
w. ' 1*1 r i W 151 Baepn II fS - 458 t% U An is; -'Am , A /!% W, JL NewTork.— 19 8 Boston. 19 9 ■ 16 10
22 Jin-, + + ,4. ;
YESTEHinArSRESOMS NATIONAL LEAGUE ' ; '
New York 5; Chicago 0. Fittsbnrgb 5; Boston 2. St. liOUis 12; Brooklyn 4.
Cincinnati at Philadelphia postponed, cold.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Boston, 3: Detroit, 1.
Chicago 13; Washington, 12. Philadelphia, 4; Glevetod,: 0. NeW York, 6; St, hohis, 1. ' :
TODAY’S GAMES NATIONAL LEAGUE Philadelphia at ; petro ; :New''York;:at Cihicago.:; Bostph at. Cleveland.; Washington at St.: Bonis. . AMERICAN LEAGUE Chicago at Philadelphia; V St. Louis at Boston. Cincinnati' at New: Ytofk. Pittsburgto^at Brodklyh.;:
Phi Psi’s Defeat Acacia’s; ■ Sig’s ; Two games were played yesterday afternOOn in the intramural baseball tournament after the corps had finished with Intramural field. In an errorless game between; Phi Kapph Psi and Acacia, the Phi PSi’s wbh 3-1 to stey in the iosef’s bracket, In the other game, wkich waS dotted with errors, Sigma Chiy defeated Delta Sigma LambdaF 8-1 and wpii the fight to stay in the winner’s bracket. The otker games tO be played are; in the loser’s bracket. Sigma ^pha Epsilon vs. Phi Gamma Delta,, and in the winner’s bracket, Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau;
' '4- , 4- H FRESHMAN TENNIS 4- > y- -y -i :/ - -TODM: / \ Craig vs. Wihter. Craft vs. George of Taylor, Lowhie vs, Greey vs. Snyder, Duval vs. Wildman Or RowanGoris vs. Studer or Meihaus. ; W oodruff Vs, Duhart Or Ludb^rg. Maiin vs., Pauli. Linn vs. Moses or Frasier.
:f -f:
■f . > + -f ^ : 4- -f + 4FRATERNITY TENNIS f '>: ■■4- "-f F4- '4':.-f: '«f''> TODAY Singles 4 :15 Theta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Doubles 4 :15 Phi Delta Theta vs Delta Tau Delta. ■ / PM Kappa: Sigma Vs- Sigma Nil.
Nine eastern college; hammer throwers have topp^^ W^ The world’s record is 189.
, f-ja
'■ -'Gottiidete:IAndi;o^-F'F:;:'! WIKIES SOUTHWORTH’S
They’re not
-f + -t
-f > + f" BASEBALL 4- ^ > 4-
F'; :today:F :'l
Diamond 7-;--Signia Alpha Epsilon ys. Phi Gamma Delta. Diamond 9-—Delta Upsilon
winner Phi Kappa Tau.
> 4- 4"
vs.
Warren Coiinty 4-H Club Broadcasts Tomorrow Songs, solos, club talks, and instrumental music will feature the Warren county 4-H club broadcast over station W'BAA tomorrow from 11:30 to 12 o’clock, Virginia Weaver will give a history of 4-H club work in Warreni county and Elfryn Gray will speak briefly of the value of 4-H club work in her comhiunity. :
l>r
AsPeaturediit FRs^«»r e/: e Snaaft hew weaves and • New streanilaieleg!: • Perma-snug waist» patented ... won’t roll downl • Free-breathing Lastex belt! • Self-adiusting built^n sup? pCMCtwl, : , Pencil WeR or Military WIKIES . 3d>5 Die lAxe WIKIES > . . . , . . . F At b^tt^ death's everjnifberel GANTNER & MATTERN CO* San Francisco 1410 Bdwy.. Now York Makm of Amortca's Bmeit Swita Stats
./’7
Id Lafayette its Dewenter’s
who handle
itl
MMMultigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779. Wanted to Rent—Furnished apt. or home by young high school teacher and family, a Purdue Grad, during Summer session. Wbiil d te ^dlk hoihe. Gan furnish best of refer-r ences. Address: R. W. time, Alexandria, ind.
NOTICES No BptICM > p.
Freshman, Engineers—Students calling assignment cards, but not taking engineCTing lectures, should import to the head of the schboi in which they plan to enroll before May 26 for a conference in 1936-37 schedule.
—KNAPP,
English 1 Students, Past and Presen^ Students who have not yet made a passing grade in the punctuation and spelling tests' should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. l%e place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 6 p. m, as follows: spelling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not how enrolled in English 1 will need a removal-ofrcondition card, in order to be admitted to the examination.
—WYKOFF.
Y. W. C, A. Candidates—Please leave with Miss Coolidge, before 4:30 Monday, a statement of your group or committee interests for next year’s program, arranged in order of preference. —JONES.
Alpha Phi Omega—Initiation and banquet at 5:46 tonight in roohis 1 and 2 of Union.
—SACHS.
Purdue Lutheran Students—Meeting Sunday at 7:30, faculty lounge of Union.
—ANDRES.
Mortar Board—Initiation Sunday morning at 6 at Dean Dukes. Breakfast will be served at 7 . —LUSTIG,
W. A. A. Hikingmorrow afternoon.
-Meet in gym at 2 ;80 to—DOBSON.
Mixed Swim—Pool open tonight at 7 :30 to couples only. —BEADY,
Newman Club—Meet at St. Mary’s church immediately after 6:30 mass Sunday in suit able clothes for annual picnic at Turkey Run. Transportation will be provided. All desiring to go call Tom Doyle at the Phi Kappa house. —DOYLE.
A. S. M. E. Members—^Get magazines, membership cards, and pins in Prof. Ludy’s office. Keys are not available. ° (—SHIELDS.
Engineer Statt—AU members report to office at 4 today for copy work. —BAALS,
Unorganized Home Eo Girls—Meet in the P. I. A. office today. Freshmen at 4; sophomores at 4:30. —KELLY.
Playshop—^Applications for the proi)€rty chairman will be accepted by the board any time before tomorrow afternoon. Leave applications at the Union desk in an envelope, —CALUS.
Union Sophomore Co-cds*-All out for office report to Union office at 4. —KUEHN.
Union Committee—^Will my committee re, port to Union office at 4 ? —SCHOLER.
presided. Preceding introductions of the Inspection board and talks by iSfajor General Gole and Pres. E. G. Elliott, numerous presentations were made by Lieutenant Golonel
Garlos Brewer.
Btpnclr gjtaduates receiving p^ VreVer Gadet Colonel R. G. Robbins^; Cadet Colonel W. R. Abbott, Cadet Golonel R. F. Cissell, Cadet Lt. Colonel I).C.Bnrnhain,Cad6tLt. Gnionel F, J. Voss; Cadet Lt: Colonel W; W. Glenniy, Cadet Lt:" Colonel W. -R, Rothenberger; The thiee juniors receiving naedals for making greatest gain in relative rank during the year were: Cadet 2nd Lt. K. R. Swinford, Cadet 2nd Lt. F. G. Schurman, and Cadet 2nd Lt. J. R: Brown. The Colonel Albert Smith sabres for the best solutions to problem in tactics were presented to Cadet Lt. Colonel W.' R. Rothenberger, Cadet Lt. Colonel D. G. Burnham aind Cadet Colonel R. F. Cissell. • ^
More Awards
Medals offered by the Indiana Society of the Sons of the American Revolution to the student in each class excelling in leadership and command were presented by Mr. N. H. Keister to: senior, Cadet Captain W. M. Vest; junior, Cadet 2nd Lt. D. N. Wait; sopohomore, Cadet Sergeant Verle Farrow; freshman. Cadet S. L. McCormick. Cadet Captain R. O. Meintire was awarded the senior Carl Merit Cup for the best campaign report in Military History, while Cadet 2nd Lt. J. E. Burroughs won the junioT Cary cup for leading his class in gunnery.
PIA Will Hold Spring Pfe»lc A.t Cary Scout Camp Sunday P. I. A. will hold a spring picttic at Cary camp Sunday. Transportation will be provided at the west entrance of the Union Building. Independents wishing to go must sign up in the P. I. A. office before noon tomorrow. WAA Cabin Committee Discusses New Plans Members of the cabin committee of W. A, A. met to discuss plans for next year in the Women’s Gymnasium Wednesday. The committee plans next year to acquaint more students with the W. A. A. cabin and ite use: Betty Goit was elected treasurer ; Georgia tialstead is the chairman of the committee comiiosed of Betty Cdil, Elizabeth Pyke, Alice Stair, Pauline Swick and Edith Whinery, ^
Wykoff To Address Teachers Conference “Training Teachers of English, with Suggestions for a Testing Program in Indiana High Schools” will be the subject of Prof. George S, Wykoff's address at this morning’s session of the second annual meeting of the Teachers of English in Indiana Colleges/to be held at Ball State Teacher’s College, in Muncie. Prof. J. H. McKee will be chairman of this afternoon’s group. Mr. Laird Bell, Prof. H. L. Creek, Prof. Paul Patout, Prof. J. H. McKee, Prof. E. G. Sutcliffe, and Prof. G. S. Wykoff are going to the meeting from the University English department.
Union Sophomores—The following people report at the time specified to rooms 1 and 2 of Union for interviews tomorrow: 1:00—L. E. Rieth, 1:06—^F. Sheetz, 1:10—J. Emons, 1 :&0^—^R. Favorite, 1:26—H. Wiegandt, 1 ;30 —R. Fitts, 1 ;46—P. V. Miller, 1:60—R. H, Schlundt> 1:56—G. Claypool, 2:00-—P. Marshall, 2:16—J. Conway, 2:20—W, Jewett, 2:26-—R. C. Fatout, 2 :30—W. Stallings, 2 :46 —L. Putze, 2:60—Cross, 2:66—J. Hess, 3 :00—J. Scatterday, 8:16—D, WilUanuon, 3:20—R. Reid, 3:26—^M. G. Mytinger, 3:30— M. Louis, 3;46—M. Poor, 3:60—C. McLeod, 3:65—J. ■ Perkins, 4:00—^L, Lyon, 4:15—J. Martin, 4:20—M. Richey, 4 :26—^F. Ford. —FULLER.
Risk Dental Clnlc PAUL A. BESK BOBEBT G. BISK ’ HABOLD J. BISK LUTHER A. RISE 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701 Corner 4th and 3iain
Colgate U. is sponsoring a contest to find the best student after-dinner speaker.
W HITES
¥ \
NEWER - SMARTER THAN EVER
SANDALS - T STRAPS TIES - OXFORDS
SHOES — DOWNSTAIRS
C. M. Hardin Elected Head Of Alpha Zeta Alpha Zeta, all agricultural honorary society, held ilbs annual election yesterday afternoon in the Union Building, C. M. Hardin has been named president of the organization for the following year. The other officers are: R. H. Parkison, vice-president; K. R. Swinford, secretary; W, B. Schlosser, treasurer, and L. J. Doud, historian.
Foundation Sponsors Two Week-End Outings The Wesley Foundation will hold a “boat party” at Columbian park this evening. The group will leave the Foundation House at 7:30 by street car. A 15 cent fee will cover refreshments and use of boats for two hours. An officers’ retreat will be held at Battle Ground Sunday, from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. Next year’s officers will meet at the Foundation House at 8 o’clock for breakfast. The day’s program includes reports on plans for the coming year, and recreational games. There will be a picnic dinner at noon.
Earhart Monoplane To Be Tested Soon The low-wing monopldne ordered for Amelia Earhart will soon be ready for use in flight experiments, according to reports from the Lockheed Aircraft Company. The plane is filled with special equipment and fuel tanks for long distance flights and has a cruising range of 4,500 miles when flying with a full load, which consists of 1,200 gallons of gasoline and 76 gallons of oil. The Wings are equipped wth de-icers. These experiments are to be financed by the University Research Foundation, which has raised a $60,000 fund for this purpose.
NewtoWCl»b Will Hold Picnic At Turkejr Run ,, The annual Newman club picnic will be held Sunday at Turkey The group, will meet at St, Mary’s church immediately following the 6:30 mass. ’ - , The picnic is being arranged .by a committee composed of Dick Carton, Carl. Martin, Virginia Kungel, and Charles Kelsey. Transportation will be provided. Arrangements may be made with any of the committee members or Tom Doyle, president of the club.
V, Of Florida Offers Trooper (Owe Course';; B. R. Van Leer, E. E. ’16, and dean of the college of engineering at the University of Florida, is res^bhsiblh for the addition of a new cbopera-r tiye engineering eburse at that university, The hew course will be cohducted in cooperation vnth the leading industries of the state. Each student under this plan will study for six months at the university and work with some industrial concern the other six months until the completion of his course.
.. I' v7 J ^ Gimlet Head ’36-’S7 (Continued from page 1) stimulation of interest and coordination in the organization by Requiring .attendance through the penalty of fines, a decrease in severity of initiation, the continuation of the sponsorship of the basketball game, and other minor duties of the club. The question of smoking on the campus was put. before the group and a showing of hands was called to indicate the approval of the individual members on the enforcement of the present campus ruling that is not being upheld. The vote was unanimous in favor of support; and it was finally decided by the club that it would lend its weight in prompting a revival of the past tradition on the campus.
tAWN MOWERS , CAaipeHMi and npaired. Mew andl n^d mowers. Prices on new BaU Mowers $6.26 and np. iUowu F. Jfos/MuJhauttt k Soti North Barth street Flione 2826 Lafayette, Ind.
PLUMBING AND HEATING ■ Lane-Pyke’Werkhoff Compimy Phone 3882
The thinkinar fellow calla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB - Black Can for Special OeCasionn 26c per passenarcr any part' ef the dty 6023 PHONES 6071 YELLOW CAB CO.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Foiir Home Ec Seiiiors Get Hospital Positions The following seniors, who are. majoring in nutrition at the University, under the direction of Dr. Mar-, guerite Mallon, have been appointed to positions as student dietitians in hospitals: Elinor Cash, West Lafayete, Prestbyterian hospital, New York City; Sara Foorman, Eaton, Michael Reese hospital, Chicago; Gladys Hass, South Bend, University hospital, Cleveland; Julianna Smith, Beech Grove, Indiana University Medical Center, Indianapolis. These students will receive their B. S. degree in home economics in June.
FORMER INSTRUCTOR AUTHOR OF PAGEANT Little Rock, Ark., May 14;!—John McGee, fbrmer instructor in speech at Purdue University, is one of the authors of a pageant or “living mural” entitled “America Sings”, to be presented June 3 at Little Rock as a part of the Arkansas Centennial Celebration and in observance of President Roosevelt’s visit to Little Rock on that day. Mr. McGee is now assistant to Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, national director of the WPA federal theater project and is regional director of the project-for southern states. He is the author of “Jefferson Davis”, a play presented by the project in New York City this season.
Satisfy botli your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DEAC r HAS EVERY'raiNG for B COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNEE
WITH THE SPIRIT OF TOD AY
GRUEN OPERA . . . Charming simpUdty m this lovely wristlet. Yellow gold filled . . . . $29.75
GRUEN^CADEt... Trim, deck. Yellow gold filled, Guildite teck ... $29.75
You can almost feel the new spirit alive today . . . America k moving forward ... people again are demanding^quality . . . and real values. Today good merchandise is first choice everywhere . . . It has paid us to Stick to and win friends. You’ll enjoy seeing our fine diamond rings, jewelry and new Grueri Watches, priced from $24.75. CtMue m... and look around our Gift Department. H. B. Lodde 1884-1935 Jeweler and Optometrist ... Lafayette
.L®vei‘
Seventy High School Students Visit Campiis Two groups of high school students, totalling seventy pupils, toured the campus yesterday. Thirty pupils from the Mooresville high school accompanied by G. E. Song, and forty pupils frbm Highland school, a parochial institution at Highland, Indiana, accompanied by John P. VanAmstel visited the various buildings under the guidance of W. G. Graham and Prof. G. M. Frier yesterday morning. During the afternoon, the Mooresville group visited Columbia park and points of historic interest while the Highland group attended the baseball game as guests of the physical education department. The groups had their noon-day dinner together at the Home Economics Building and dinner in the Union Building in the evening.
AKRON FARM TO DISPLAY 30,000 TULIPS SUNDAY Akron, Ind., May 14.—Approxlinately 30,000 tulips in bloom may be seen here Sunday during “open house” at the farm of Whitney K. Gast, Purdue University agricultural graduate, who lives near here. Gast, who a few years ago won the state potato growing championship, has gone in for flower growing and has invited all flower lovers to witness the tulip spectacle at his farm Sunday, since the tulips are at their bestnow.
Fourteen U. of Minnesota stusdent have been assessed fifteen extra credits for graduation fqr participation in a “pajama parade”.
A Rice Institute student was expelled last week because he’d worn shorts to classes since March 1.
The Smartest Thing in Spring Apparel
"I
'//
s
u
SPORT COATS $6.95
SLACKS $1.95-$5.00
L
SPORT SHIRTS 75c-$1.00
416 Main
Lafayette
Come in and let us put your car in A-1 shape for the summer months.
6tli and Alabama Phone 4048 We Never Close