':'. ■-' 'V’'' i5''^
A _
K " •*1
. . . ^ick your warm weathor outfit . . .
, ^ '.'r . . \>u.)Jf’-
... 8 i^agos for III# Lady Spring . . ^
Z.1t5
Fotiindad In 1889
Daily Sinea 1906
Volume 52. No. 147
West Lcxfoyette. Indiana
Friday, April 4, 1941
Brigode To Play For PIA Spring Informal Tonight 9-nDanceOpenTo All Non-Members
Ace Brigode and his Virginians will provide the rhythm for the annual PIA Spring Dance tonight from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms of the Union. All members of PIA will be admitted free to this informal affair, but non-members may also attend by paying the usual mixer fee of one dollar, PIA Social Chairman Damon Elder has announced. The Virginians take their name from the’ fact that BrigOde' made his dance band debut in Virginia and now calls West Virginia his home. Ace and the band are regularly featured over both the CBS and NBC networks and have played throughout the country at such places as the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati, Elitch’s Gardens in Denver, and the Merry Garden Ballroom in Chicago. Vocalists Appearing with the orchestra are boy and girl vocalists. Buddy Curran and Betty Day. Brigode, who made his advent in the entertainment world with a minstrel show and later organized his company’s band after enlisting in the first world war, created his first dance band immediately following the signing of the Armistice. In describing the style used by the Virginians, Brigode declares that “without rhythm dancers would . be entirely at a loss, which makes rhythm the point I have always stressed in my orchestra.” These rhythm-makers last appeared here at the Foresters’ Ball in January of last year. ' Backdrop for the dance tonight will show th® PIA insignia in the center surrounded by a raindrop ef-' feet signifying April showers, f.i.j. Bridge Tournament Playoff Commences Tomorrow Afternoon All-campus contract bridge tourn^ent will get under way at 1 p. m. tomorrow afternoon in the north ballroom pf the Union. Sixtysix teams of four players each will comprise the group of contestants which will play in the qualifying round. A second qualifier will follow at a later date. No eliminations will be made until after second round. Surviv^g teams will ,advance to semi-final play. In the succeeding weeks two semi-finals and a final playoflf for the campus championship will be held. The winner and runner-up teams will receive gold and silver trophies. High scoring teams in each of the five sessions will receive cartons of cigarettes. Fifty-six teams have file.d entries to elate leaving room for 10 additional teams. Entry blanks for such teams'are now available at the west Union desk but must be filed by 1 p. m. today, r.w.b. Martin To Play For Stag Dance Saturday Saturday night all the lonesome eds and co-eds will have their chance with their faWrite date. In the south ballroom that night the first of the Union’s ^tag dances will take place. ' Music will be by Bill Martin and the vocals will be sung by Jean Skinner. To add to the theme of the lonesome stag the backdrop will depict a lamp post with a solitary man leaning against it. Clothes for the dance will be in the typical collegiate style of saddle shoes, sweaters and sport coats, The usiiial mixer price of one dollar . will prevail, d.w.o.
Glee Club And Choir To Give Indianapolis Concert Today Af 4 University Concert Choir and Glee Club will present a combined concert at the Scottish Rite Cathedral in Indianapolis this evening. A chartered bus will leave the campus at 4 o’clock this afternoon and will return late this evening. The Concert Choir will open the program with a series of hymns, the first of which is entitled “Beautiful Savior.” The Glee Club will sing the next series of songs, including “Roll Chariot,” which was dedicated by the composer to A1 Stewart, director, and the Glee Club. The Concert Choir and Glee Club in combination will present a “Gypsy Caravan” ihcluding such songs as “Dark Eyes,” “Giannina Mia,” and thel “Italian Street Song” which will close the program. This is the last out-of-town engagement this year for the Choir and Glee Club. The program will be a closed formal affair to which only the Shrine members and their wives are invited, m.1.1. Meyer Wins Prom Decoratiqn Contest Jim Meyer, University sophomore, has been named winner of the annual Prom decorations contest and will receive one complimentary ticket to the Junior'^om. This announcement was made last night-by Prom committeeman Bob Steckerj following the final selection from, five original entries by the Prom committee. '• A-marine theme will be used in decorating the ballrooms, with attention being centered on an attractive backdrop featuring "an j enormous, gaily-colored fish. The marine atmosphere will also be displayed in decorations throughout both ballrooms. Meyer’s originality has been displayed before in the clever backdrop which was used at the Windy Way Cabaret dance, an airbrush painting of the Union. Designers of the other entries may obtain their work, if they desire, from Chuck Hansen, p.h, Noel Lee, Pianist, To Play For Music Room Program Noel Lee', pianist, will play for the Union Music room program from 4 to 5 o’clock Sunday afternoon. Lee is a West Side High School student and is widely known throughout the state for his musical ability. , The program is one of the regular concerts sponsored -by the Union Music tloom committee, r.h.r.
Fraternity Affairs Office Issues Call For Sophomores junior Perilions Due In Union By Saturday Newly created Fraternity Affairs Office is issuing a call today to all fraternity sophomores, either actives or pledges, who are interested in working in the office. The meeting will be held in the Fraternity Affairs Office, room 328, at 4:16 p. m. in the Union today. Its pur-' pose will be to acquaint the sophomores with the work and methods of the organization. The organization is also asking for petitions from all interested juniors. These petitions should be signed by the president of the fraternity and may be left at the west desk of the Union not later than 12 o’clock noon, Saturday. Junior chemistry and metallurgy students* will have until Tuesday noon, April 9, to hand in their petitions. This new organization was created ’by the Fraternity Presidents' Council in an effort to keep in stride with the progressive movement of the University. The prime purpose of this organization will be to increase the usefulness of the fraternities to their members and to the -University through'a united action. They plan to do this by handling many of the fraternity matters such as publicity, scholarship, rushing^ and other special events. Work for the present year'will be supervised by a committee made up of Leon JacobsOn, Mark Keane, Dick Lynch, Bob Colquhoun, and Irwin Fosse. This committee will also, pick the officers for the present year and for next year. In -the future, the office will be directed by one senior secretary and four junior assistants. Any fraternity sophomore with a 3.5 index will be eligible to serve as a worker. d.w.o. Carney Warns Home Heating Conference Salesmen Of Future Starting^ promptly at 8:30 o’clock yesterday morning with registra- ■ tion of delegates, the Indiana Gas Association salesmen began their annual Home Heating Conference in the UnioiL The purpose of ^the convention was to talk over new ways of increasing sales for the year. Approximately 100 salesmen attended the closing session in^ the evening which ended with two speeches by R. H. Ruwalt from the Northern Indiana Public Service company, Hammond, and Ralph Carney, vice-pres-* ident of the Colman Lamp and Stove company, Wichita, Kan. Kuwait’s, theme for his speech was “Interests on Investments.” For almost an hour he spoke on ways of using salesmanship on prospective customers. He suggested to first place the customer under a certain classification, and then make an approach with a method which would best suit the customer. Ralph Carney, arriving from South America just one hour before scheduled to speak, pointed out that although many new fields of industry have grown up over the past years there is by no means going to be a let up and that there will be many chances for achievement in the future. “You never Stand still,” he warned. He advised all salesmen not to let up in their efforts when they receive more business .than they are able toHhandle. He qualified his advice by saying that the coming post-war days will be much worse than the last post-war days, and that salesmen will need all the experience possible. e.r.m.
All sophomores interested in working in the newly-qreated Fraternity Affairs Office meet in room 328 of the Uniop at 4:15 p. m. today.
2-Day Football Clinic Opens Today; Expect 300 Coaches
—^From All Fronts^— Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Count Pal Teleki, Hungarian Premier, killed himself' Wednesday night, and there are reports in London and in Belgrade that he committed suicide following the receipt of German demands for control of his country preparatory to a thrust at Yugoslavia.
Eight Americans were arrested in the German capital but all were released after questioning.
“The campaign has now become definitely a matter of weather,” radioed Robert J^ Casey, who is at the front with the Middle East Command. “The rains are due early next month and when the rains come nothing on wheels caji move and feet are not much good, either.”
“Benito Mussolini today is scarcely more than the gauleiter of a conquered province,” John T. Whitaker said, in an unefensored dispatch written after his expulsion from Rome.
“A whole bevy of American reserve officers'" is getting ready to go to unoccupied France and French North Africa to supervise French food imports,” Edgar Ansel Mowrer wrote.
Program To Include Lectures By Dr. Leventhal, Frarik Leahy
By Bob Swaim
Returning to Notre Dame almost two months ago to “serve my alma mater,” Frank William Leahy, who resigned his head coach job at Boston College, affixed his signature to a, long-term contract to become chief grid coach and athletic director for the Ramblers. This new driver of the Notre Dame athletic machine will be the principal speaker of the two-day Purdue Grid Clinic, addressing over 300 college and prep school coaches in tomor-
row morning’s session.
______________________ Supplementing the program of
addresses and demonstrations this morning will bn moving, pictures of many of last season’s outstanding games, one of them being the Riv-eter-Hawkeye encounter. Speakers for the clinic this season are to include many of the outstanding high school coaches from this part of the country. Frank Leahy, newly appointed Notre Dame mentor and also members of the Boilermaker staff are slated to speak on various grid topics during the two-day ses-
sion.
Berlin Wednesday claimed the sinking of 267,800 tons of shipping from March 16 to March 23. The British previously had announced the loss of but 59,141 tons in the week ending March 23. Choir Will Sing At Easter Cohvo On Good Friday “The Crucifixion” by Johti Stainer will be presented by the University Choir and the University Orchestra, Good Friday night, April 11, at 8 o’clock in the Hall of Music. This program, appropriately concluding the day of meditation and prayer, is based on the sabred Passion of the Holy Redeemer. It will be presented by the whitd robed choirs in an Easter setting designed and con^structed by Robert Parks, Union Art Director, and Joseph M. Ragains, Assistant Director of Musical Organizations. Joanne Lloyd .will accompany the choir and orchestra at the piano and George Osborn will play, the organ. Soloists for the cantata include J.' Henry Amt and Marvin Smith, tenors; Wallace Woodrow, Charles Powelf ^nd Joseph' Shepjherd,'baritones; and Donald) Pyke, bass. ^ . The student body and general public are invited to attend this final service of the Convocation for Worship Series fbr the year. The doors will open at 7:16 and theye. will be no admission charge, w.m.c. Alpha Gamma Rho . . . social fraterpity, announces the initiation of the following men: Harold <3. Clifton, Jr., Lewifliville; Richard L. Crane, Rushville; Dple E. Butz, Albion; William W. Craft, Kingsbury; Robert' F.. White, Knightstown; George J. Duffy, Noblesville; James R, Shoemaker, Zionsville; Richard L. Kohls, Kehtland; Vernon L. Singleton, Brazil and William P. Davis, Columbus.
First Campus Co-op
Convention Opens Here Tomorrow Tomorrow morning will witness
the opening of the first convention of the Mid-West Federation of Campus Co-ops here. The convention is being held in an effort to bring together ■ the many cooperative organizations on the MidWestern campuses to discuss the different roles played by co-opera-tives in the national co-op moyement. _
Some of the important features
in the campus co-op movement which will be discussed are the ^oop housing and feeding projects, student book stores, co-op grocery stores, co-operative education, newspapers, social life, business
and organization.
The last meeting of the M.F.C.C. was held last November in the Morrison Hotel, Chicago. At this meeting, important phases of the national co-operative movement were discussed by noted men in the movement of the Chicago area. Herbert Evans, Vice-President of the Consumer Distribution Corporation and chairman of the councilor Co-operative business training will give a talk on “The Role of College Students in the Co-operative Movement and Employment possibilities
in Co-operatives.”
Schools which will be represented at the convention are^ Michigan, Michigan State, Chicago University, Wisconsin, Indiana, Illinoisj Western Reserve, Ohio State, Ohio Wesleyan, Milwaukee State Normal College, Southern Illinois Teachers College, Minnesota , and Northwestern. Several eastern colleges have sent delegates to previous meetings of the federation.
Doctor Demonstrates One of the highlights of the din-, ic will occur this afternoon when Dr. Daniel H. Leventhal, noted Chicago surgeon, lectures on the important problerh of joint injuries'. Following his lecture, members of the Riveter football team will act as models in a demonstrati.on. Ending the day’s activities in style, the gridmen will attend the annual coaches’ banquet this evening at which Chicago-Daily News sports writer Jack Kearns will be the principal speaker. Robert Hinshaw, president of the Indiana Coaches’ .Association, will preside during the evening’s entertainment as toastmaster. Following the banquet, a round -table discussion will be held in order to thrash out many of the mutual problems confronting the coaches. Leahy Speak's Tomorrow morning, Leahy of Notre Dame will give a general discussion of strategy, a speaker and subject that none of the representatives will care to miss. Putting on their biggest show of the entire conference in the afternoon, the Boilermakers will give the assembled coaches a preview of next year’s Riveter grid squad in a regulation game. This will also be the first chance many ofthe coaches will have to see the results of the rule changes which will apply to next fall’s games. j.s.k.
Sportswomen Plan Gala Night For Penny Carnival Saturday
^ By Mary Lou Losey It’ll be a gala Saturday night in the Women’s TJym this week. University Sportswomen are putting on their qnnual Penny Carnival. So tomorrow night’s the .time to break into thosd ..penny banks and spend your‘Stray and-hoarded cents. .. One small, penny will admit you to any booth in the carnival. Eds might be interested in the booth for MEN ONLY sponsored by the women’s athletic honorary, the Sportswomen. Other booths will be sponsored by the various sororities, wards, residence halls and athletic organizations, who will compete for a cup to be, given to the most original booth. Persons in charge of the booths are busy now producing the outcome of their wackiest and most pixilated ideas. Admission Ten Cents . The time for- the carnival is from 7:30 until 12:00 p. m. A program starting at 8:15 is open to all who wish to pay the' price of admission, a dime. The show will consist of a badminton game played
by Don Douglass and Lou Thomas versus Hyman Goldstein and Hazel Smith. Shirley Emhoff and Patsy McFarland will give a fencing demonstration. Tumbling clowns, identity unknown, will also put on a novel performance. ^ Admission to the water ballet put. on by Triton Club wiU also be ten cents. The ballet will be given at 8:30 and again at 9:00 o’clock. Patty ' AspinaU from Indianapolis, a young swimmer and national record breaker, will give a short dfim<mstration. Patty just recently won the 220 yard breaststroke event at the Nationals in Buffalo, New Ycurk. Balloon Decorations Balloons will decorate Iffie ceiBng of the gymnasium, A rain of such balloons can be expected around 9:00 p. m. Within some of the balloons win be found tickets for free cokes, candy and popcorn. Dancing will be held from 9:00 until 12:00 o’clock. The price is ten cents for one dance, which wiB include three numbersi or thmty-hine cents for dancing all eveimng.
'Wf4r-fieufsil- TUdicuA
Friday, April 4, 1941
fiwuiujL ^xponsnL.
A ~s 'jV,,
Senate Rummage Sale
Begins Today At 8:30
Two hundred and sixty-three articles, from a log log duplex decittig slide rule to all kinds of clothing, tie clasps, and knitting needles, will be put on sale this morning at 8:30 in room 230 of the Union at the second annual Student Senate clearance sale. The sale will run today and tomorrow from 8:30 to 5:00. The articles are those which have been tunied in to the Senate during the last year and have not been claimed by their owners. The value of the collection totals to above one hundred dollars. This is almost double the value of last year’s sale. As the first sale was an almost complete sellout. Student Senate officials expect a rushing business. Prices have been set and average about 20% of the original price. A collection of halves of fountain pens, both, and halves of pairs of gloves will also be on display. Anyone »able to supply the other half will be given the part free.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Jim Baynes, Salem; Bob Gallatin, Garret; Porter Davis, Greens Fork, and Hubert Forbes and Robert Fischer, Kendallville, and that A. E. Snyder has been elected president; Richard B. Robertson, vice - president; George Towle, secretary; Charles Skinner, treasurer; Samuel Betounes, social chairman; Robert McManus, house manager; William Ruggles, correspondent, and Hugh Horstman, serttiner
Thursday, April 10, in room 302 of the Union: Rivan, Lanuti, Ford, Lowey, Luers, Hannon, Ena, Clark, Moser, Taylor, Walz, Singer, Benna. Flease bring money and ticket. —McOONAHAY
signed before 3 p. m. Friday, April 4. —SHERMAN.
Purdue Aeromo^elers; Meeting Friday, April 4, at 7:80 p. m. in room 236 of the Union'—not room 261. —VELKOFF.
Purdue Dairy Club Meeting: Tuesday, April 8, at 7:30 p. m., in Smith Hall, room 108. There will be election of officers, movies and refreshments. —BROWN,
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, April 4, at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Prof. Sears of the history staff will speak. —CORTI^OZ
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, April 7, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union. Please be present. Pledges will appear at 7:46 p. m. —BOHLIN
WAA Baseball: Practice Friday, April 4, at 4 p. m. Two practices are required for WAA points. Meet in gym regardless of weather. —COOPER
Classified Ads
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engin^ring Lectures will report Saturday, April 6, by schools as follows: those whose names begin with A-E, Room 2B4, Plectrical Building f F-K, Room 129, Electrical Building; L-R, Room 201, Civil Building: S-Z, Room 101, Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP
Pi Tan Sigma: Meeting for election of pledges in room 306 of Union on Friday, April 4. Important that all actives report at 7 .p. m, whether you can stay for meeting or not. —WIST
WAA Council: Meeting for new and old council members at a breakfast Sunday, April 6, at 9 a. m. Meet at gym with 26c. —PIDQEON
Physical Education for Women: Classes begin today and all girls who have not reregistered for the spring term activities must do so at once. —HAZELTON.
Wesley Foundation: Annual election of board members on Sunday, April 6. Votes may be cast at any service. —McFADDEN
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of iiortable t^ewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St Phone, 2779.
Purdue Engineer Sophomores And Juniors: Petitions are due by Monday, April 7. w —GALE.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
^riculturist: Meeting of electoral board originally scheduled has been postponed. New date announced later. —ADAMS.
Lost: Phi Kappa Tau jeweled pin and guard. Call Jim Roman, 6083.
ASME: Members get your cards and emblems from me in Professor Cope’s office 10 to 11 a. m. Thursday, to Saturday, April 3-6. —COOLEY.
Wesley Players To Reenact
Lost: Ronsay Wrist Watch. Call 7242.
Arle Brooks' Trial Sunday
Lost: Green Sheaffer Eversharp, M. Long engraved on gold band. Phone 41612. Reward.
Physics Ib Exam: Examination for removal of C grades in Physics Ib will be in room 210 C. and M. building, Saturday, April 6, at 1 p. m. Register with the under-
All Engineers: All engineers who have not paid their subscription to the Purdue Engineer please remit one dollar during the next two weeks. Office in Union open 4-5:39 dally. —LARITZ.
Sunday evening at 8 p. m. in the University Presbyterian Church, the Wesley Players will re-enact the trial of Arle Brooks, a conscientious objector who was recently sent to prison for refusing to register under the Selective Service Act. The play is a stenographic report of the actual trial. All seats are reserved but tickets may be obtained free at the foundation. d.a.f.
Notices
Newman Club Contact Committee: The following members will meet at 4 p. m.
-TODAY - SATURDAY—2 First Run Hits— Charlie Chan . . . versus a GHOST!
SIDNEY TOLER SIKURYANoiiOBERTWEUWN«SEIIVtlNG IMBOUeiAS • MTHAMNE HMUDGE PLUS
\ lun mum im% FftUS TAYIOR 6E(»6IA (AIM
TODAY THRU SAT. Richard ARLEN Andy JIEVINE
ALSO-
'Winners of the West" Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
It's a Complete Daytime. Wardrobe All
in One Suit
The 3-Piece 3-Purpose Suit A Tweed Coat and Trousers and Extra Contrasting Slacks. "A// for
$
27.51)
Rosenthars
322 Main St.
HELD OVER THROUGH SATURDAY
The Laugh Comedy of the Century
THUS EVE SURE KNOWS HER APPLES!
HhilK 6ilMi • Eviin TODAY - SATURDAY-
OsUVi. $01^1
If You Are Having an Easter Party, We Have the Candles for It.
Americans Finest
TAVERN CANDLES Dripless — Odorless — Hand-Dipped And Guaranteed by Good Housekeeping as Advertised Therein. Manufactured by Socouy-Vacuum Oil Co.
The Largest Stack of Candles m Town
H. G. “Deac ’ REISNER BOOKSTORE —EstabHshed 1908—
325 State Street
West Lafayette# Indiana
Basketball Ticket ,Sellers and Takers: Checks may be obtained at Field House by presenting badges. —DOAN.
Thomas Say Entomology Club: Annual Entomologists’ dinner will be held Wednesday, April 9, at the Purdue Memorial Union in the Eiast Faculty Lounge. Paul T. Ulman of the State Entomology Office will be principal speaker. —RICHMAN.'
ME 31 C’s and Ps Make-up: Fjnal for C and I grades in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 jp. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building. —KEMLBR.
OE 36; Examination for removal of condition April 12, Make arrangemepts in room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, April 11. —OWEN.
Religions Council: Regular meeting date is second Wednesday (April 9)—no meeting April 6. —BELCHER
Modern Dance Club: The following people report for Varsity Show practice Wednesday, April 2, and Friday, April 4, at 4 p. m. as well as Monday, April 7, at 7:16 p. m.: Anderson, Antenen, Arndt, Barrett, Buechele, Cleavelin, Heather, Deisch, Gillespie, Lowey, Overly, Newcomb, Percefield, Stroble, Swope, Schmeltkopf, Meyers, Serban, Ramsdell, Scull, Wood, Metcher. —KNIGHT
GE 107 Students - first semester: Get your Personal Analysis Reports at the Personnel Office. —JOHNSON
W« An Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our While Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levds by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
ems mim BAUR
TODAY - TOMORROW ONLY TWO MORE DAYS!
Your Favorite of Fiction and Radio! He's Human and Humorous! '^SCATTERGOOD BAINES" with GUY KiBBEE CAROL HUGHES
— PLUS
A Laugh a Minute as the Tenement Toughies Try to Run the CCC!
THE EAST SIDE KIDS
'Pride of fhe Bowery' with LEE GORCEY BOBBY JORDAN
DANCING CLASSES OPEN
STUDENTS AND CO-EDS — ENROLL NOW BEGINNER'S APRIL 16Hi 7:30 P. M.
TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS — ENROLL IN OUR NEW
ADVANCED CLASS APRIL ITth, 7:30 P. M.
INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL P. M. ALLEN, NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR
y\TiT 0th & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
SATURDAY
— ON THE SCREEN — Mike Shayne's most dangerous case A Brunette Heartache ... and a Blonde Headache!
gilKlsWiST
lloyd Nolan • lynn Bari
Iloyd Nolan • lynn Bari Mo^ Bath HughN • Edwoid Brophy • But "Shndrach" Cmtar
ADMISSION—THIS ATTRACTION ONLY
BARGAIN MATINEE
All Seats 28( Tax
12:30-2:00 p. m.
Inc.
2:00 p. m. to Closing
Main Floor. .'....44e, Tax Inc.
33c, Tax Inc.
Children I5e All Day
LAST DAY The Screen's Most Thrilling^ Man Hunt!
Come Early Stage Shows at 1:55 . 4:35 7:15 - 9:55
Last Complete Stage and Screen . Show at 9:55fiju/tduJL £xpOfUinL
Friday, April 4, 1941
S^aipL 3
■; <r
' '-Vfti '>'dWi
‘1^ r <
1*' ) j&i
vb'
mmfm
, 'f
Y
s
' V# V«
of /
as .presented by
Lafayette V Fashion Center
ANN OSTRANDER choosea a crepe tormal with embroidered bodice. New atyle notes are the "fluid ahoulderd’ and "covered up Joote*. $17.95.
You who religiously read your Mademoiselle will recognize the slack suit JEAN LAUER is wearing, it was photographed on the March Cover page. '
In the Spring a young man’s fancy lightly turns to thoughts of love—a young girl in turn fancies herself dressed in something eye-catching, chic, and stylish. Each of these prerequisites is an essential. She also wants to feel at ease and comfortable when out for a day of sporting and she wants sometfdng in the evening which has the allure and glamorous appeal that will make the stags perk up and take notice. We have attempted to bring you all the styles you desire, modeled from your favorite fashion magazine. Each has the distinction you crave, and the price'that can fulfill your craving. Why not stop and see for yourself at Loeb’s— *
JEAN JONES—Photographed wearing a threepiew Glen-plaid mit. $29.50.
JEANETTE HAYNES—<lie perfect ’date dread —a sheer crepe, Junior Guild Redingoie. You probably saw this suit featured in Vogue—> ^ $25.00
JANE OSTRANDER we^a a "Mad Plaid” Jerkin suit. The three pieces are priced separately. Start $5S8 — Jerkin $5S8—Blouse $4.98,Harper’a Bazaar photographed this suit.
JEAN MOSES is shown wearing a asw navy twill tfrasaaiaker ami. This suit with its sailor collar, emblem buttons and star trim brings out the important' nautical rnfluence. The suit is $22.50.
m
¥>5
I,
-i- < -vwMFiiday, April 4, 1941
fiju/idusi £ytpomni
New Designers Cast Off French The Ladies,'God Bless Influence In This Yearns Styles 'Em,'Are Going Back
To Dress Femininity
We should be mighty proud of this year’s crop of new fashions. They should be dear to our hearts, because they are being designed by our up and coming young American designers. The American designers have been cut off from French leadership and cast out into the sea of fashion on their own. They are casting their eyes around their own country and not across the sea to war-torn Europe. America Tops Designers are touring America, seeing America, borrowing from American flowers, colors, heritages. The results are breath-taking. With so much material, so many ideas popping from their fitting rooms, spiing clothes ai’e as varied as a first class carnival. This is wonderful if you like to be a distinct type and not like a second rate copy of someone else. We are getting our inspirations from the Chinese and the Greeks, based on our current national sympathies. Hints From the South There is a strong surge to the South American countries and our own Southwest Maybe the first is being advanced to help the present good neighbor policy. Color, color, color; that is enough to talk about itself. It is startling— much of it is as brilliant as if it had come from the water-color splashing of a child. Good, clear,
basic.
Frills for Spring Frills are back in ruffled blouses, fluffy jabots, lace falling over slender hands, if you are feminine, gentle and dignified. A strong Regency feeling makes these clothes interesting and anything but frou-frou. You may have a hard time putting your finger on that 1941 Spring look, because there is not just one but many. Some of the new details are deep armholes, jabots, boleros, peplums, longer suit jackets, much ado about checks and Scotch plaids in every imaginable color combinations. Melting Pot of Color And since your success depends upon the colors you choose, you might be interested in som,e of these: heartening red, Palcfmino beige, pueblo brown, sentimental pink, Parma-violet—deep clear colors that sing of backyard gardens, of Mexicap Indians, of our own national flag, Pf Chinatown and of the Southwestern desert. Find the shades that enhance your own personality and wear them flamboyantly, daringly, without inhibition. We predict that the men in your life will love them and you. Wearable Fashions Don’t get that sunken feeling about doing your new spring shop-
ping. In the fore, one bought hats and accessories that could not possibly be worn the next year, but this year it will be different. Fashions will be simple, well-bred, and supremely wearable. This is no time for whimsies, because our designers are making things that ai'e basically sound this year. T|je clothes you choose this year will be wearable next year. It is your cue to be practical, thoroughly lovely as only a woman can be.
m.k.m.
Fashion Trend Turns To Leather Costumes Back to the frontier days. That is one of the trends stressed this year. Leather is being shown in various costumes. Leather has been worn since the first cave man started to adorn his torso with clothing. Our piesent life is filled with more action and excitement than it was in the pasffew years. Of course we do not go hunting Indians or outlaws, but we do go hunting and are active in the sports. Leather fits in very well with our present mode of living. Modern leather spends time in the dye pots and in other processes to make it up to the minute in style. It wears well, keeps its shape, and comes in a variety of colors. New processes make it as pliable and attractive as jerseys; gabardines, silks and wools. One can now get suede dresses that are shirred, pmtucked, gathered, draped, or pleated. In fact it is being told that one Hollywood "designer has gone so far as to make a wedding dress of white suede. That must really be unique. There is one suede fashion we are waiting for and we do not expect to have to wait long.'We would like to see a suede bathing suit,
m.k.m.
Applications . . . for Cary Scholarships must be made to Dr. H. H. Remmers, division of educational reference. Executive Building, before May 1. All applicants must plan to live in Cary Hall. The scholarships, ranging in value from $75 to $250
Clothes for sports and leisure time wear are breaking away from the masculine trend and are becoming more feminine. Sweaters are less sloppy—^more fitted; they’re shorter, snappier, and more appealing to both wearers and others! The cardigans feature novelty buttons, pockets, and ^ even dainty little collars. These trimmer, more feminine cardigans seem much different from their “sloppy-joe’ predecessors. Soft pearl angora yarn and Shetland yarn are popular for spring and summer wear. Jackets, Jerfeins, Sweaters You can still mix skirts and jackets to your heart’s content to get the particular outfit you most desire , . . most of the popular manufacturers of college-age clothes turn out jackets and skirts as separate pieces. The jackets are less masculine, too, although they are all definitely longer and have broader, well-fitting shoulders. The bestselling skirt style features a kick pleat in both front and back and has slightly flared lines. Jerkins are fashion news, also. Just look about you—^you’ll find them m all materials and colors. Something in their trim, snappy lines seems to personify the American girl. Most of the jackets, skii'ts, Jerkins, and sweaters that you’ll see this Spring will be in delectable pastel shades that look so good yo^i could almost eat ’em; while plaids and checks are in a greater abundance than plain materials. Salute to the Militant Running these pastel sports clothes'* a close race in popularity are the military outfits. Capes are in again! Girls everywhere love their smooth, slim lines. These military styles comes in either navy or white trimmed with read, white, and blue buttons, insignia, and braid. You’ll want a new middy blouse just like the one you wore in your grade school days. Jewelry, millinery, shoes, and all other accessories carry out the military note that is sounded in these attractive dresses and suits.
each, will be awarded on the basis of scholarship, mental aptitude, need and general adjustment to University living.
POPCORN /
DAD'S PLACE
irs HEALTHY - 15c GALLON
So Handy
£a&jtsui. 9a. StUL ihsL iBsbqxmumji^ SpMfy^
Whatever the calendar says, Spring begins with the Easter Parade. We are prepared to make you an outstanding figure in that parade with our complete selection of spring styles features by nationally advertised clothiers. Come in and let us outfit you for Spring. We are located in West Lafayette for your convenience.
PHONE 2237
316 STATE
J 50 Hea/ Speeches ' By Hunt And Disque At FFA Convention The twelfth annual state convention of the Indiana Association of Future Farmers of America got under way yesterday in the Faculty Lounge of the Union. Approximately one hundred and fifty attended yesterday’s sessions, which featured talks by R. Hunt, vice-presi-dent of the national boy farmers organization, and F. Disque, advisor of the Alexandria chapter. Three hundred and fifty boys from all sections of the state are expected to attend today’s program, which consists of an address by Ed Mason, program director of radio station WLW, the 1941 state FFA public speaking contest and a banquet in the south ballroom of the Union. Gerald Alexander, superintendent of the Parke County schools, will address the banquet, and numerous awards and trophies will be . presented to winners in the various contests conducted by the organization. Prof. Lynn Robertson of the farm management department will address the group tomorrow morning.
Recommend Daring In Choosing Of New Spring Shoe Styles How’s that shoe situation in your wardrobe ? If it is like any we know you want several new pairs, even if you don’t really need them. Gone are the days of the simple black patent pumps which were worn with every costume. Today you must have a large selection of shoes, if you even hope to be considered welldressed. One pair of shoes will not do with several different costumes. These spring shoes are designed with a certain type of costume in mind. There are the new rough and tumble flats that just call for a pastel tweed suit. The new nautical motif shoes practically yell “middy blouses and sailor hats.” If you are the Grecian type and chpose one of these classic draped formals, add to your dancing pleasure with a pair of Grecian sandals with trick heels. Multi-Shoed Spring Since this is a multi-shoed spring, tuck some of these ideas in your mind before you go down to your favorite shoe store for your first shoes additions.
Lieutenant Graves ... of the United States Marine Corp and a staff of Marine Corp doctors will arrive on the campus today for a limited stay. The purpose of their visit will be to examine the students who were chosen for positions in the Marine Corp by Lieulenant Graves in his last visit to the University, d.w.o.
Wedgies are still being shown in sport sandals, but the neatest 'trick of the season are those supple, completely heelless shoes which are taken from the hurache. For Sports—Go Sturdy If you are sports-minded and like the country air and the wide open spaces, make your sport shoes sturdy, as sturdy as the French peasant’s v(ooden sandals. Chobse a pair with bulky soles, hand-stitched trimming, made of natural leather, still in the rough and fu^y stage. American designers are playing up our country, and trying to be independent of Paris fashions. Along this line, the shoes are ■being inspired by the southwest. Many street shoes have “cowboy cuffs” and are shown with the typical cowboy heels. Afternoon pumps are simple with nautical or military accents.
FOR EASTER
MODELS
Schraffi's and
Gas
Rubber
Marfha Washington Candies
Megow
Comet
Easter Bunnies and Cards V
Auto - Airplane - Ship
Spring Dress-up Items
Complef'e Line
Coty and Max Factor Cosmetics
of
Complete line of your toilet needs
YARD LEY
UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
Free Parking in Rear Phone 4094
Next to Post Office
Free Delivery Phone 4094
/
EVENING STAR His evening star is what he’ll get Bewitchingly gowned by Palais Royal, Sleek in crepe or fluffed in net, For him the perfect foil. Rhapsodic iu blue velveray Perhaps.^ Or neat in taffeta crisp. How could your escort but be gay When you look like a faerie wisp. You’ll dance all night, Nor leave till late. And all for seven ninety-eight. Or more as you to pay contrive, In fact, to thirty-nine ninety-five,.t
*)#■ 3
r
S^jjUtdua £xponjud:
Friday, April 4, 1941
ipa^siS- £dttL
Tfie ^th Colnmil
Prom the various sources of information disseminating the British side of the news we have discovered a new type of Nazi strategy. Dealing with Belgian babies. Cutting off their hands is definitely out of date. Besides they know that next to their own . . . The American people love Belgian babies hands the best. ii< >i< >i< Well, anyhow, their new system is to cut off the supply of milk. According to our reports, the results are horrifying. Bones so soft that they can be bent in the hands. Skulls so weak that they can be depressed between two fingers. All we have to say is that if the boys that write that stuff think that is soft * They ought to drop in on our physical preparedness class. And see muscles the consistency of mush and milk. * * * See by the papers where Italian troops were instrumental in turning back a mob of demonstrating students before the U. S. embassy in Rome ydsterday. Ordinarily it would be of no particular importance. But under the present setup. It’s a major military victory. H* * In Yugoslavia Premier Paul Teleki has committed suicide The German legation staff has been withdrawn. And Adolph has informed the government that his generosity will not last forever All of which according to Berlin . . . “Carries grave implications of the inevitability of a war breaking out soon.” If they don’t do something to stop it. * * * So back to Indiana. And spring. We know it’s spring What with troops on the Yugoslav border. Bill Lee and
The Purdue' Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription, $8 60 / Editor-in-Cliieh B, W. Donahue Business Manager Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff
News Editor J. H McKee Managing Editor D K Heiple Associate Editors N A Ochiltree, J A Purcell, L. W Euffner, R M Skallerup, J L Traugott
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers D S Powers, G C Landers, Promotion Manager, C P Danglemager, Accounts Manager, R J Shadford, Circulation Manager, R M
Recktenwald Editor Associate Editors
Siess
Editor Associate Editors Swaim
Co-ed Staff Beth Simpson Mary Kay Miller Ruth Rose, Donna Sports Staff J P Dolan J P Adamson, P C Johnson, R O
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave New York, N Y Staff For This Issue Night Editor Skallerup Day Editor: Siess Night Sports Ed Swaim Asst Night Ed Zinski Workers P I Jones T B Novey P Howard, B Poole, W M Clark D A Pink C R McIntosh Proof D W Ochiltree V Barson I> Butz R W Boswinkle M L Losey
Hank Leiber are holding out for more money on the diamond And robins, et cetera. Which all are indications But there’s one sure sign After all this is Indiana And it’s raining. « Hi iX But it isn’t official yet President Elliott hasn’t said a word about. . . Keeping Off The Grass.—dkh.
THE ONE NEW IDEA IN GABS...
(ILLEII CORDS...
We’re spinning a new yarn ... a yarn that has at last made gabardines individual. Varsity-ToWn “cooked-up” “College Cords” . . . it’s their idea, and theirs alone. It will be your dish too, if you’re looking for a grander “gab” . . . an unusual “gab.” If you’re still visualizing “gabs” as the common, ordinary, six-day-a-week variety . . . poor you . . . you’ve really got a surprise coming when you see the advance pattern styling of these herringbones and twills.
OTHER GABS START AT $25.00
Jjumh^ JoUl An Explanation: To the persons who were confused by the editorial in Tuesday morning’s Exponent we address today’s editorial. We feel that the issues discussed there were of prime importance from the viewpoint of those who would preserve peace for this country. Apparently the chief item of confusion concerned the strike mediation board. It is our belief that the strike mediation board was set up by the Administration as a weakly constituted and powerless body with a view to using its ineffectiveness as a means of declaring a state of emergency and thus take over active control of the defense industries. There are legitimate arguments to oppose such an opinion in view of the board’s apparent success in the mediation of four strikes but at this writing they have not yet been opposed. What the board can do if it cannot mediate a strike remains a big question mark. On the other hand if our assumption is correct today’s press notices would seem to add weight to our theory. Chairman of the Naval Affairs Committee Vinson has “suggested” to
the President tha^ the govemment take over the defense industries. We are not taking issue with the posisibllii^ of the government taking over the defense industries. This is always a possibility with the nation in such a precarious position. We are taking issue with the sincerity of President Roosevelt, however, in the apparent means to his end of declaring a state of emergency and thus jisychologically preparing the nation for war. Attention, Juniors And Seniors! There seems to be considerable sentiment against allowing freshmen and sophomores to attend the Junior Prom. Rumor is that a petition is now being signed in protest to admitting underclassmen. An inquiry to the auditor’s office yesterday afternoon brought forth the information that in three days of ticket sales to juniors only 425 tickets have been sold. The senior sale opens today and continues tomorrow. It is not expected, however, that this sale will bring the, total to the limit of 1,000. In view of the fact that a popular band has been secured and the ticket price is at a minimum the Prom Committee is apparently forced by budget difficulties to sell 1,000 bids. It might be wise, then, to approach the problem from a new angle and see that the juniors and seniors support the dance.
Gregory Delivers Report On Butter Improvement Indiana creamery butter has undergone a remarkable improvement in quality in the last six years Professor H W Gregory, head of the University dairy husbandry department, reported yesterday to 100 creamerymen attending a one-day meeting here. Professor Gregory’s remarks were in the form of a progress report on the Indiana butter project, sponsored cooperatively by the University and 60 Hoosier creameries producing approximately 90 per cent of the butter made in Indiana. The morning session was presided over by Walter R Freeman of Indianapolis while the afternoon session was in charge of Russell Pfifer, also of Indianapolis A similar one-day meeting will be held on Friday, April 11, at Spring Mill State Park t b.n.
Texas College of Mines and Metallurgy IS building a $55,000 chemistry building
STTLB PLUS
If you would register true smartness with a casual ensemble, wear ^ fashionable MODERN MIS^ sport shoes. Either of these two new ond clever numbers will add much to any casual costume. fiidaiA, HoifoL
Joein' 'Round By Peggy Howard
Everyone falls for Indiana Even the rain But we don’t mind if the weather IS bad. We’ve always preferred “coild” springs anyway. Besides we’ve thought of a consolation. The Easter Bunny’s coming. And speaking of the Easter Bunny reminds us of iw spring clothes. And then we think of places to go to show them off. Which leads us to our original subject—^What’s Going On This Week-end! Well— Friday night the PIA is holding its spring dance in the Union ballrooms. The dance is informal and will feature the music of Ace Brigode and his Virginians who have appeared on the campus before. Hi Hi Hi Saturday night the annual Penny Carnival will be held in the Women’s Gym Of course, it costs you nothing to get m, but since all the sororities are having concessions, fellas, it probably will cost you something to get out. Anyhow it’s always lots of fun, and it’s worth breaking open your penny bank to go. * Hi The first all campus stag Mixer will be held in the South ballroom Saturday night. Bill Martin and
Briefs By Clarence A rather droopy Mudball made ins way into the Exponent offices yesterday and crawled right up to one of the typewriters. We exhibit herewith the results of his effort and genius, hey there clarence 1 am worried and baffled because i dont know why girls expose silk stockings in the daytime and arms and shoulders in the evenings is it possible that mens tastes in bare flesh vary with the clock —^mudball
his campus band, with Jean Skinner as featured vocahst, will furnish the music, and sport clothes will be worn at the dance. Hi m Hi In the North ballroom the Phi Mu sorority will entertam at their spring formal. Dancing will begm at 9 to the music of Paul Reedy and his orchestra. * * * The Sigma Chi’s are entertaining at. a radio dance at the chapter house tomorrow mght. The dance will be a “sweater hop.” And over in Cary Hall South another radio dance is being sponsored by the Hall men. Which just about concludes our remarks except to add. That we intend to picket the nonpublic bridge tourney with signs. “Unfair to organized kibitzers.”
^juL fijujfhJL fifu SpJdnjij^!
For
Sport
For
GOODWIN'S6- fiAnmeuf 0^ Ojumf.
Friday, April 4, 1941
pwulujL £xftomnL
‘You’re in The... Army Now!'
Editor’s Note: Today we introduce a new column, whose purpose is to answer questions relating to life in U. S. Army Camps from first-hand information. Andrew H. Belfield, Jr., Sc. ’40, remembered by his friends as both “Tiny” and “Hungry,” is now serving a volunteer enlistment with the U. S. Army at Camp Livingston near Alexandria, La. Belfield has agreed to answer all questions submitted to him concerning life in his camp, one typical of the many established throbghout the nation. Questions should be placed in the “Exponent” box at the West Desk of the Union by or before noon on Saturday so that the resultant column may appear in the next Saturday’s “Exponent.”
By ANDREW H. BELFIELD, JR. Thanks for the questions, and may I add that they are somewhat comprehensive. However, I will try to answer them as completely as possible. Here goes: Question: What comprises your daily program? Answer; Our daily program for the first six weeks consists of intensive training in the fundamentals of military service and is sub-dmded as follows: a. ____________________________
drilling, flank and column movements; b. military courtesy, saluting officers and flags and using “Sir” when addressing officers; c. guard and pistol instruction and, generally, becoming accustomed to army routine. All this is fundamental knowledge which should become second nature to the “rookie,” as the new soldier is affectionately (?) named. Here is a brief outline of our schedule now (the hours are always the same for taps, mess and rev-" eille): A. M.: 5:65^reveille; 6:16— mess (breakfast); 6:45—police call (a polite term for having the whole battery clean up the camp area by picking up paper, matches and all sort of debris); 7:15 to 11:45—drill call, when the day’s work begins.
P. M.: 12:00 to 12:60 — mess (lunch), and time for a little rest; 12:60 to 4:30—drill call; 4:40—^retreat, when the entire camp stands at attention and salutes with the playing of “The Star Spangled Banner.” Prom retreat on you are free, but must be in bed by 10:30 every night except Saturday, 12:00, when taps is blown.
Question: What sort of work are you required to do? Answer: Work is done during the drill periods that I mentioned in the first question, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. In the morning drill period, from 7:15 to 11:45, on Mondays and Thursdays there is foot drill and
frothy, feminine SUIT BLOUSES ^rom our collection tins to <S.9S
You’ll find them irresistible . . . these "pretty lady” blouses in batiste, crepe, pique and sbee . . . to go with your Spring suit, or with separate skirts.
if
College Shop First Floor
on Tuesdays and Fridays we have field problems, when the battery goes out on the range and assimilates war conditions and fires on assimilated targets. These “field exercises” take up the whole day, lunch being served in the fiield. On Wednesdays we have an 8mile hike to accustom us of the field artillery to walking rapidly without getting too tired and lame, and on Saturdays we clean and care for the field equipment and inspect our own clothing which ha^ been issued lo us. In the afternoon drill period, from 12:60 to 4:30, on Mondays and Thursdays there is study of different military subjects, such as howitzers, communications, gases, etc., and on Wednesdays there are baseball, football, volleyball, and other games. On Tuesdays and Fridays we are on field problems as mentioned above. Our Saturday afternoons and Sundays are free time.
the army only if he isn't inquisitive. There is so niuch to learn that it never becomes tiresome for long. Of course, there is a lot of repetition of the work to make it second nature tp the new men, but there is always the opportunity to learn more, and gradually the whole layout becomes clearer and clearer. Personally, I enjoy it. ''
overs, which is only right. We are now on field rations and get less food, but a balanced diet of vitamins, proteins and required nutrients. I manage to get my fill except when I am in a hurry and then it’s my own fault.
Question: What chances for recreation do you have? Answer: Besides the afternoon for sports, on Wednesdays, there is a dance given each week for different regiments of the camp in Alexandria. Too, there is a camp movie house, and there are battery teams organized in intramural sports, just as at college. Pingpong, too. So you can see that we have enough athletics to take care of our spare time.
Question: Is your equipment in good shape? Answer: Our equipment has all been remodelled from World War I days and is in good shape. Our guns have seen little service and are in good shape. Half our trucks are new (we are getting more all the time) and the rest have all been overhauled and repaired so that they are in tip-top shape. The army keeps all of its equipment in damn good shape! And don’t let 'em kid you—^we have enough equipment!
the questions is too great. If you will ask questions about any specific phase of the batterj^’s work, such as our instruments and their functions, etc.) 1 can give more specific answers. I should get some questions about our living conditions, but they will undoubtedly come later.
Question: Do you have a chance to learn? Answer: Yes, quite definitely. There are manuals available to any soldier and he may borrow them for any length of time. The officers are very glad to answer any questions and explain anything that they are asked. Thus, knowledge is limited only to the individual’s power of absorption. Anything that he wants to know may be read in one of the available texts.
Question: What sort of fellows do you associate with? Answer: The men here are of every description—^from politicians to truck drivers. All are good boys, some having gone through college (like you, you hope), while others have just gonh throqgh the grades. The ages range from 18 to 32, quite a big range, you see. Many are too young and immature to really understand why they are here to do their work well.
Question: Is it true that you have “make-believe” guns and equipment, for instance, “limb-of-tree” guns and “push-cart” trucks? Answer: There are no substitutes used for |Our equipment. AU our training is with The Real McCoy! We have 46 pistols by Colt and 4 guns per battery. Each man has had instruction and target practice with the 46 and more is to come in the future.
Question: Don’t you get tired of the army and army life? Answer: One may get tired of
Question: How is the food and is there enough of it? Answer: The food is good, but sometimes the stragglers who get to “mess” late have to eat the left-
Question: Is your mail censored or in any way interfered with ? Answer: Our mail is not censored and we can say anything we please in letters and in “off the record” discussions. If these answers are not definite enough, it is because the scope of
EUTEB 11 All of Our Nationally Advertised Merchandise Has Arrived — SUITS $22.50 up TOPCOATS....$19.50 up CAMPUS COATS ' $6.95 up HATS $2.95^up SHHITS $1.65 up TIES $1.00 up SEE US TODAY fijoqsJiiu. EAST SIDE SQUARE
Winter is gone, Spring is Here; Let’s Make it a Joyous
EASTER Sunday, April 13th
Big, little, medium sized Easter Bunnies in engaging color and fashions to fit any pocketbook. Candies by Schafft’s, styled by artists in beautiful boxes she will be proud to receive. Complete and beautiful assortment of Easter Cards. All kinds of Easter notions and beautiful Easter Gifts.
PURHIE BCdMIfPiynCliE
308-10 $TAFE tTREET WEST LAFAYETTE INIi
V>4
fijujtdm, ^xfMfuunt
Friday, April 4, 1941
S^aqsL 7-SpoJdiL
•%,
V
■r
Frank Leahy, New Irish Coach, Speaks To Midwestern Mentors A decade of playing annual host to high school and college grid coaches of the^middle west is now almost complete, as once again the campus is the scene of the annual Purdue Football Clinic. Approximately 300 grid mentors will assemble this morning for the opening sessions of the two-day conference which IS to continue until late tomorrow afternoon after a regulation game between two picked teams of Boilermaker players.
Player A star at his tackle post with the Irish, Leahy played on Knute Eockne's last and greatest national championship teams of 1929 and 1930. Then leaving behind his brilliant playing career, the young college graduate began a new foundation for greatness when he was named to an assistant post at Georgetown. He was starting at the bottom again. An upward step was taken a year later when he accepted a line coach job at Michigan State, assisting an old Rambler teammate, Jimmy Crowley, head coach Two years of service with Michigan State and Jim Crowley earned him a lift to Fordham in 1933; however. Sleepy Jim made the transfer too, and was agaih Leahy’s boss. The “Seven Blocks of Granite,” impregnable forward wall of Fordham which rushed the Rams to the neai-top of the national collegiate ladder in 1937, was a work of art credited to Frank Leahy His Tea Party The biggest feather in Leahy’s headdress came as a result of his
work as head coach of Boston College, a job which he accepted in 1939 The 32-year-old mentor worked and prayed as his young football cl^b gasped for breath This first child of Leahy, the 1939 team, choked but twice while winning nine games His next child came through without a single backslide—that was lastReason So strori(g was his 1940 team that it was the choice of the Sugar Bowl authorities to oppose Tennessee in the annual New Year’s Day tilt When Halfback O’Rourke sped to a touchdown in the waning seconds, the Boston College Eagles gained a lead which they held until the gun. They had defeated the top-notch club of the South, 19-13, closing an undefeated season of eleven games — Frank Leahy’s greatest triumph
A staff statistician reports irt the Whitworth college Whistle that “there are only three clean saddle oxfords on the campus and two approximately clean ”
“MEET ME WALGREEN’S” DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEH’S 410 Main Street
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
RhA Dental Clink DR. PAUL A RISK OR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD ] RISK ^ 4th & Mirtn Sts Phone 5710
^ , DEACS Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residdnc« 6431
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Hardware
• Tailor
Sperb Hardwiri Quality Mdse —lilpht l^rices 822 Mam St Phone 2777
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler H6tel Buildihg SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Jewelers
• Dairy Products
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
• Electrical Supplies
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, dmk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing ^ MULHAUPrS 209-11 N 5th St. Phone 2S2G
Brelsford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluoresceht Appliances 213 State St Phone 5952
By Joseph Pattick DolaA-
Boy-O-Boy’ Little did I realize that Purdue students had so darn much info about our high school basketball stars in this state Votes piled into the office yesterday at a rate comparable to shots from an old Lewis machine gun I even received a pile of ballots from the fair sex, proving that Indillfia university doesn’t have all the dame fans in
this state . . . I-I . . .
Tom Shriner, West Lafayette’s captain of the season j^st completed, seems to have enough votes from yesterday’s tabulations to “almost” catch up with the populai Mangin of Washington Shriner, whose tally in yesterday’s paper showed but 26 votes, today has 150, such nods to his credit to take third place m the forward voting
. . . I-I ...
Robert Ulm, football and basketball star of the high school across the river, whose calm foul shooting sent his team creeping through the sectional and regional championships, has taken a wide lead in the fight for the guard posts His total leported last night was 276, just 26 less than the high-flying Mangin, a-la-de-luxe from the state champs down at Washington
^I-I. .
If this voting doesn’t prove an- ^ other thing, it shows that the col- * lege students of Hoosierland don’t forget their high school days immediately after walking across the stage in June Which all goes to accentuate a swell question offered recently by Gordon Graham, Lafayette sports authority
I-I . . .
Graham, in a well-platformed stand offers the suggestion that the four great guns in this state—^Indiana, Purdue, Notre Dame and Butler—be utilized by the Indiana High School Athletic Committee for the semi-final playing on the Saturday preceding the trek to Indianapolis for the hectic finals ...I-I .. Using these marvelous show
Baseball Movies Will
Jig Feature Sound Films Irisimaii’s 0* Major Leagues
As a forerunner of the opening of the legular baseball season, Dutch Pehring announced yesterday that both the official National and American League motion pictuies will be shown on the campus on next Tuesday Both films are in sound and will be shown in the Electrical Engineering Building be-
fore the general public
The showing on Tuesday afternoon at 4 30 o’clock will be primarily foi students, and the showing at 7 30 o’clock for the general public, although there will be no lestiictions on the attendance at
either session
Both the American League movie, “Batting Around the American League,” and the National League film, “Winning Baseball,” have been acclaimed for their presentation of the nation’s great game
Ambitious Tennis Squad Faces Formidable Foes By Joe Dawson With only three lettermen returning from last yeaFs squads Coach Larry LaBree's as|iirants for this year’s tennis team have started practicing in earnest in preparation for one of the toughest schedules in the court history of this institution. The schedule includes matches with six Big Ten schools in addition to those with some of the strongest teams in the middle west. . Because of the bad weather the
A class in horseback riding has been organized at Furman university
places of human skill would enable the ticket prices to be lowered and in that manner moie kids and parents could see the ball games, which after all, are for the kids and folks, not for the more influential or the early birds at the ticket offices The most any foui high school gyms in this state can seat is 20,000, while the combined four college gyms can handle 35,000 Another thought for the Czar' . I-I . . ^ Today’s voting* Forwards Mangin, 'Washington, 300; Shriner, West Lafayette, 150; Campbell, Kokomo, 146; Butler, Decatur Central, 134; McKinney, Lynville, 125, Jones, Twelve Mile, 100; Koontz, Newcastle, lOO; Martins, Central, South Bend, 98, Shimala, Hammond Tech, 97. Centers Hoehammer, Bryant, 180, Williams, Colfax, 176, Ertel, Elwood, 156, Minor, Froebel, 156, Martins, Central, South Bend and Unroe, Frankfort, 155. Guards: Ulm, Jefferson, 275; Uhlers, South Bend, 150; Blemker, Huntingburg, 146; Grimes, Burris of Muncie, 146; Server, Madison, 140, Turner, Anderson, 138; Rowland, Martinsville, 135.
Riveter Pistol Teams Draw Season To End; Drop Only One Match Successful in 16 of 17 dual meets, the Riveter pistol teams, varsity and frosh, are nearing finis on then schedules The peiennially dangerous varsity gunmen, tutored by Lieutenant Brown, suffered their lone setback from the weapons of Umveisity of Utah, 1400-1370 Among the victims of the varsity was the pistol squad of the Army, which makes gunnery its trade The Riveters fired a 1376-1360 victory over the United States Military Academy State Meet Sunday afternoon the Rivetei shooters will fire in the state National Rifle Association pistol meet at Indianapolis, facing other collegiate gunmen and a large field of unattached competitors A squad of eight will make the journey Mixed Recreation . . will be held at the Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow night at 7 30 An all star co-ed basketball game- will be featured at 7 30 between the Gold and Black teams All students aie invited to attend as spectators Following the game, spectators may participate m bad minton, swimming, shuffleboard, ping pong, and volley ball Dancing to records will begin at 9 30 Dates are not necessary IM Schedules BASEBALL Friday, April 4 Diamond 1 Ward 28 vs Ward 16
netmen have not as yet been able to practice outside, instead they have had to be content with the single court in the Fieldhouse Several times they have been forced to discontinue practice altogether when the football and baseball teams also had to Workout inside. This year the Boilermaker mentor plans to build his six-man team around the three lettermen. Captain Anderson, Lucht, and Richards LaBree also indicated that there would probably be a neck and neck battle for the other three positions with Armstrong, Stettner, "VanCamp and Vaughan heading list of possibilities. Newman Club Plans Retreat Conference Father Gabriel, O M C A P from Huntington, will preside at the Newman Club letreat program tomorrow and Sunday. The program will start tomorrow at 2 o’clock, when Litany and Conference will be held, followed at 3 o’clock by Stations and Rosary. Conferences will be held at 4 and 8 o’clock. Confessions also taking place at 8 o’clock At 9:30 o’clock Sunday morning the Mass and Communion Breakfast will be held followed at 2 30 o’clock by Conference — Stations will take place at 3:30 o’clock, after which the program will close with the Holy Hour closing at 4 o’clock s j s.
Ward 27 vs Ward 15. Ward 25 vs. Ward 13 Ward 24 vs Ward 11. Ward 21 vs. Ward 10. Ward 8 vs. Ward 6. Ward 5 vs. Ward 3. Ward 2 vs. Ward 1.
READY
EASTER?
• DRESSES
Whatever the weather on Easter, the day will be brighter and cheerier if your clothes • SUITS have been freshly cleaned at WEST SIDE.
JACKETS
SPORT COATS
• SWEATERS
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Northwestern at Vine
^,The Lowest Prices Quality Permits phone; 4081
Delivery Sendee•Z/cA. dmufwuL J<Vl&L - -
8
Friday, April 4, 1941
^WtdujL
In These Days of War and Strife ... Let’s Not Forget America
America Is First, it sets the pace for the world to follow, it leads the way in living standards, in luxuries, in production—in all kinds of progress. It moves at a tempo scored. 1 65 years ago by the signers of the Declaration of Independence. "Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness . . ." America holds the answer to satisfactory living. Believing this and wanting to preserve these American heritages. West Side and Lafayette merchants contribute this page. When you pick your new Spring wardrobe note the label of an American designer. See the American imprint on chinaware and silver, foods, furnishingsevery gadget—^big or small, expensive or inexpensive. Mark how often buying is made easier because America is first. You can find America in the thousands of parking lots and the millions of cars that cover them—more cars than in any other nation in the world. You can mind America in the crowded school dances, at the football and basketball games, where men and women read a free press that gives them news. Yoa can listen to America over family dinner tables. Or over millions of feet of telephone wire—from the busy party line to the conference hookups in any big business office. Or you can hear it from early morn to after midnight in the pulse of heavy traffic/ the movement of industry. America plays, thinks, acts, works, aserts itself in almost countless ways. A PLEDGE TO AMERICA No greater trust has ever been given any generation than that of preserving the right to live FREELY in the American way. To fulfill this obligation we, the undersigned men and f|rms of Lafayette, pledge the full energy and unfailing loyalty of ourselves and our associates. It is our promise that America shall always be first in our minds and hearts—that America's destiny shall be more valuable than our own: that we shall remember this in business and in pleasure. "This is our purpose and our pledge."
CL miiAMiqsL pwm. JthsL hsuvdA. ihsL ^Uowinq. ChnsthiMnA.:
C. E. WOLFORD BURR, PAHERSON & AULD CO. NITZI CAFE^ HIED'S EAT ShV PURDUE COFFEE SHOP
BOSSUNG SHOE REPAIR FOSTER SHOP MOORE & KEMPLE SCHMAIBLE DRUG CO. DEAC'S
GULLiON'S T & R OIL CO. GREEK GABLES EDGERTOHHDWE. PETER AHDERSON GARAGE
YELLOW CAB CO. HORTH STAR COAL CO. RISK ELECTRIC CO. JOHN SPERB HDWE. sparrendahl tailor
HULHAUPT EISENBACH MOREHOUSE DAIRY LUX A HUMPHREYS