■ r ■i
World News Jlci&hjLdu
Purdue Exponent
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Bain changing to snow today; severe
cold wave tonight.
’ i ■" .-•s'ipF
,.t '-fr-fi*43i . ' .vg^Sf - V'^lli
VATICAN CITY, Italy, Feb. 10— Pope Pius XI died at 5:31 a. m. today. The 81-year-old pope appeared to have won his battle against an attack of cardiac asthma earlier this morning when he was resting under the influence of adrenaline, digitalis, and oxygen; but he finally succumbed. Last November 25, the pope collapsed with a heart attack, but on December 3 he resumed his r^ular schedule of audiences. The pontiff became ill two days ago, suffering a mild attack of influenza which was further complicated by an attack of cardiac asthma that has been chronic with the pope for more than two years. Green Potters Pick Feb. 25 For Dance Green Potters have chosen Saturday, February 25, as the date for their annual dance. This year the dance is to be given as a mixer following the Purdue-Michigan game, with all students invited. In conjunction wi|;h the dance there will be a contest for freshman queen, all freshman girls being eligible. Today a box will be placed at the west desk of the Union for nominations. The ten highest will be chosen as nominees, and a queen will be selected from these at the dance.
Z-185
FRIDAY
February 10,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 110
Ball Goers Will Dance To Agnew s Rhythm Tonight Approximately 350 couples will dance from 9 to 12 tonight in the Union ballroom to the music of Charlie Agnew's orchestra at the Inter-Fraternity BallJ The decorations will emphasize the fraternity theme and are carried out against a blue
backgrdund on the backdrop. In ther'middle of the backdrop will be the unfurled Scroll with a Torch of Knowledge on the left side and a Skull on the right. The crests of the campus fraternities will line the Walls. The band fronts will be royal blue illuminated with torches of gold.^ In order to avoid confusion at the door tonight, ticket holders may secure their programs after 8 this morning by presenting their ticket stubs at the main checkroom in the Union. However, programs may be obtained at the door tonight. The programs have two-incb-square hammered brass covers with the Purdue seal and black and gold tassels. Charlie Agnew comes here direct from Chicago where he has just completed a 20 weeks’ engagement at the Merry Garden Ballroom. Besides having a male and a female vocalist in his band, Agnew also features a comedy singer.
Over 300 Attend Showing Here Of Engle Oriental Rug Collection
If a rug cleaner had been sleeping in the Union ballroom last night, he would probably have had a big nightmare that rugs of every size, color, and description were hanging about and around him on all sides of the ballroom. Whether that person was in the audience of 300 last night or not we do not know, but the rugs were certainly in the ballroom. Mrs. J. J. Engles, of Chicago, who has been collecting rugs for about 32 years, had her collection of over 120 carpets on display there last night under the sponsorship of the Pushman Brothers Company of Chicago. The rugs, all of which had seen 50 years or more of service in the country where they were woven, were of all makes and descriptions, and consisted of Persian, Turkoman, Caucasian, and Turkish masterpieces. Included in the collection was the first oriental rug ever to be made in this country, which was woven by the Pushman Brothers. Through inquiry it was found out that an Oriental rug does not necessarily have to be woven in a foreign country, but' is of the hand w'oven type. Movies of Rugs One of the highlights of the program was an illustrated lecture giv-
en by Stephen N. Nyman, of the American Institute for Iranian Art and Archaeology. Nyman who has done much travel in Persia for the Institute, showed slide pictures of Persian architecture, and followed up the slides with color motion pictures of rug weaving in the various cities of Persia. Nyman said he took the pictures because rugs were more or less of a hobby with him. He plans to return to Persia in about three weeks for the Institute, where he will continue his study and take pictures for showing in American colleges and universities. Valuable Collection Pushman representatives at the showing were D. K. Tomajan and Neshan Keshian. Tomajan gave a description of the various rugs, and something of their history. The rugs are valued at over $50,000, and practically the entire group were imported. A dinner was given for the visitors in the faculty lounge preceding ■ the showing. University sponsors of the affair were R. B. Stewart, University Controller, and Prof. C. A. Behrens, of the biology department.
Students To Hear Marriage Lecture In Union Sunday Under the sponsorship of the Purdue Religious Council, Dr. Thurman Rice will speak on “Looking Toward Marriage” Sunday at 8 p. m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union. He will deliver a 40-minute talk at the beginning of the meeting. An intermission period will then be held for the audience to write their questions, after which he will give his answers, . Rice is a professor of bacteriology and public health at Indiana University’s Medical School and is chairman of the State Board of Health. He is widely known for his numerous speeches in various high schools and colleges throughout the country on the subject of marriage. PIA To Begin Second Semester Tea Dances PIA’s first tea dance of the second semester will be held in the faculty lounge of the Un^n Saturday afternoon. The dancing will be from 3:30 to 6 instead of from 3 to 5:30 as was previously announced. This will be the first of eight tea dances to be held this semester. Co-eds may attend free of charge. All members will be admitted upon presentation of membership cards, while non-members will be charged 10 cents.
To Play for Men’s Pan Petitions For WSGA Executive Board Are Due By February 20 Petitions for freshman representative to the WSGA executive board for this semester must be turned in at the WSGA office by Monday, February 20, according to an announcement made by Mai'y Alice Learning, WSGA president. Any freshman, including those who held offices last semester, may turn in a petition, provided she has a 3.5 scholastic index. The petitions, which are to be signed by 25 freshman cp-eds, must be in the following form: “We do hereby nominate ( name of nominee ) to the position of freshman representative to the executive board of WSGA the second semester of 1938-1939.” Two representatives will be chosen from the nominees at a mass meeting to be held February 24, i'reshmen must bring passports in order to be eligible to vote.
Second Annual Kiwanis Conference Opens At Noon Tomorrow In Union Tomorrow, committees and officers of the 76 state Kiwanis Clubs will gather on the campus to attend the second annual Kiwanis Vocational Guidance Conference. A luncheon at noon in the faculty lounge of the Union will officially open the conference.
The main purpose of the conference is to develop more effective guidance programs through the cooperation of Kiwanis Clubs and the public schools.
Student Survey Reports Only Two In Ten Would Fight On Foreign Soil
By Joe Belden, Editor (Student Opinion Suiweys America) If the nation went to war today for other reasons than the defense of the country, the United States government would find less than two ready volunteers out of every 10 college men. A poll just conducted by the Student Opinion Surveys of America among the male collegians of the nation reveals that although they are willing to defend their country, it will take several good reasons to - make them volunteer for some other form of warfare. The Survey does not attempt, of course, to predict how many would actually enlist under future circumstances, for it is possible that a great many would act like a student interviewed in one of the West Central states who declared, “I might say now that I won’t volunteer, but when the time comes perhaps I’ll go anyway. It will depend on the propaganda.”
However, the poll indicated clearly that students are not at present in any mood to have the United States dipping into the European or Far Eastern war pots. Representative portions of the nation’s student bodies, excluding women, were interviewed with thiS' question: “If the United States went to war for other reasons than the defense of the country, would you volunteer ? ” Those who said they would were 19.7 per cent; no, 80.3 per cent. Most of those who were willing to fight had reasons for their answers. Mentioned the greatest number of times were “to perpetuate democracy,” and “to make the Monroe Doctrine respected.” A goodly number also mentioned that they were in the ROTC or the National Guard and would have to enlist. “To stop Fascism,” “to help England or the French,” to “protect American property abroad,” to “keep the balance of power,”—those are other reasons. And there were those who
would join any conflict, like the big Dartmouth sophomore who declared “I’d follow the U. S. anywhere—my country, right or wrong.” Rather Sit In Jail Opinions from students on the opposite side ran from mild comments on the foolishness of war to emphatic statements such as a Texas student’s “I’d rather sit in jail than fight in any war.” By sections, the affirmative vote was like this: Far Western 31.7 percent Southern 21.5 percent West Central 17.8 percent Middle Atlantic 17.4 percent New England 15.4 percent East Central 14.7 percent The effect of the proximity of Europe to the Easteim states is shown not only by this Survey represented in the above tabulation but also by another recent polrtn which the different sections favored rearmament in almost identical order.
//
Cage Pep Meeting Scheduled Tonight Assembling in the Fieldhouse tonight at 7:15, students will meet for the first basketball pep session of the season. Basketball pep meetings are a comparatively new thing on the campus and are the result of a suggestion several years ago from Daniel C. Hayne, CE ’12, who was head cheerleader of his class.
Stubby Meier, senior cheerleader. Dr. Miller Urges All Students To Submit To Pox Vaccination
Emphasizing the fact that the school may be faced with an epidemic of small pox if students do not comply. Dr. S. J. Miller, of the University Health Service, stated yesterday that every student who has never been vaccinated and all those with vaccinations over five years old should report to the student health service. “There is no excuse for contracting the disease when the University will vaccinate you free of any charge,” Dr. Miller declared. “We treated 207 yesterday and more than that number today, but there ought to be twice that many coming in. Students should come of their own volition since it is for their protection.” Vaccinations will continue today at 4:15 p. m. in the health service. No new cases of the sm^ll pox had been discovered by 4:30 p. m. yesterday. Charm School Hears Harriet Mueller Mrs. Harriett Mueller, teacher of speech at West Side High School, spoke to the WSGA-YWCA Charm School yesterday, at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of Union. “Charm in Speaking” was the subject of her talk. Mrs. Mueller read parts from “Our Town” by Thornton Wilder, and poems by John Weaver and Carl Sandberg. In order to develop good speaking qualities, according to Mrs. Mueller, one must be very familiar with the subject and above all be positive. She stated, “To be charming, one must be sincere.”
stated that this meeting woffid give the crowd an excellent opportunity to synchronize their yells with the cheerleaders’ tumbling, since coordination between the two has been
ragged all season.
Carl Swan, Gimlet president. Bob Jacks, Reamer president, and Harvey Hall, Skull and Crescent president, all placed the support of their organizations with Stubby and all urged students to turn out and work
up some enthusiasm.
Purdue’s band led by “Spots” Emrick will be present to help build spirit, and Noble Kizer, athletic director, will be among the speakers. The Illinois games of the past have always contained plenty of fight and spectacular action due to a keen sense of rivalry between the two schools. “Let’s keep up the old tradition,” stated Meier. “Get overv to the Fieldhouse tonight and show the team we’re behind them.” Student Is Felled By Hit-Run Driver Victim of a hit and run driver at Seventh and South streets Wednesday night, Nick C. Tsoflias, sophomore in the science school, was found lying beside the curb and| hurried to the Home Hospital. G. G. Wellington, 826 South Tenth street, took him to the hospital and notified the police who tried to lo-
cate the car.
Tsoflias was suffering from two broken ribs and a badly bruised left arm. Reports from the hospital last night said that his condition was satisfactory but that he would be held at least one more day for observation. Despite X-ray examinations hospital authorities were not yet certain as to whether his left arm had been fractured or just bad-
ly bruised.
Prof. Russell Greenly, of the division of education and applied psychology, will talk on guidance under the subject “Going Up By Growing Up.” “Kiwanis Clubs at Work” will be the address by G. Byerla Newton, chairman of the Kiwanis International Vocational Guidance Committee. Connor Salm of Madison, district governor; Roy S. Ruckman of Nappanee, lieutenant governor; and C. Young of Frankfort will give short reports on important guidance activities. The program is in charge of William L. Howard, of Logansport, chairman of the District Vocational Guidance Committee. The afternoon conference session will divide the campus visitors into four groups for discussion led by members of guidance committee. Following are the subjects and the persons in charge of each discussion; Program “Use of Drama and Motion Pictures in Guidance,” Robert Ross, Monticello superintendent of the schools. “Planning a Vocational Guidance Day,” R. C. Adams, Terre Haute, vice-principal, Gerstmeyer Technical High School. “What Kiwanis Is Doing to Promote Guidance,” L. Carpenter, Wabash, principal of high school. “Problems in Counseling,” L. Ashby, Richmond, principal of Dennis Junior High School.
New Music Hall To House WBAA Studios In A ’Floating Building'
Addressing Prof. J. H. McKee’s English 115 class in magazine article and news feature writing recently, R. B. Stewart, controller of the University, brought to light a number of facts concerning the new Music Hall. According to Stewart, the hall is being erected at a cost of $1,104,000. Of this, $504,000 was provided by the PWA, $300,000 by the state, and an additional $300,000 by bond issue. State law says that the University may issue bonds for a hall of music but not for an auditoi-ium, hence its name and dual purpose. Largest In World In addition to the largest enclosed hall in the world, seating more than Radio City Music Hall, the structure will house the band, glee club, WBAA, and other musical and theatrical groups in the basement. The studio’s for WBAA will be a building within a building, having a floating wall construction of its own built on an individual foundation. The designers contend that “Spots” Emrick’s band can be going full blast next door unnoticed. Entrance to the auditorium will be gained through the Executive Building on an enclosed 50-foot ramp under which will be a driveway to parking areas on both sides of the hall. Thirty-five hundred can be seated on the main floor with two balconies bringing the total up to 6207. In-
creasing the distance between rows one inch over the original specifications cost a reduction of 107 seats. All Seats Good The staggered interior wall design is acoustically almost perfect making, as A1 Stewart put it, “the least desirable seat as good as the best.” Seats are to be of a material having the same sound absorption properties as the human body so that there will be no distortion with a ' partially filled auditorium. Decoration will be accomplished by indirect lighting on a plain finished surface. Ten tons of steel and asbestos form the fire cui-tain for the stage which is 100 feet wide, 43 feet deep, and 37 feet high. Behind the stage proper will be a shell enclosed terrace effect, making a practice room for the band in the basement and performing platform on the main floor, which rolls out onto the stage on tracks. Little Theatre With the fire curtain dropped, the scenery reversed, and people seated on the band tei'race, this may be made into a little theatre seating 400. The orchestra pit is large enough for a 60-piece orchesti'a and is fitted with four hydraulic lifts to raise it to stage level. Outside, the hall will measure 192 by SOO feet and will be constructed of brick and Indiana limestone in the University style of architecture.' '^ ’ '*’ ' / '*'■
£dii/fuaL
THE PUBDUE EXPdNENT
JiSUXiuhOA.
Friday# Februory 10# 1939
1ft
Overheard.,. ... at the basketball game with Wisconsin Monday night: “It’s swell to have the band here, we should have more things like this flag-salute. But, gee, wouldn’t it be swell if the band would play peppier music?” That seemed to be the general opinion of the student body during the initial appearance of the band. Although it was generally accepted that music during the lulls was much, much better than no music at all, the average University student would be filled with more spirit if more spirited songs were played. In the event that popular songs arox out of reach of our “All American” band, it certainly could play the stirring songs that carry the colors of our modem Universities into the athletic battlefields. There is something about college songs that stirs the most phlegmatic student. This is especially true of Big Ten songs. In having the band at the games, the University has started on a definite upgrade in showmanship. The flag salute is very impressive and the music played is fine—^but can’t we have it interspersed with a few peppy songs that the students know and really like? —G. W. F.
The Labor Survey
After numerous delays, the Student Labor Board today began distribution of 3000 questionnaires, through which it hopes to secure an accurate cross-section of student working conditions. At various times in the past, complaints have arisen from members of the working student body, but they have been sporadic and it is questionable whether they have been representative. It is always possible, however, that where there is smoke there m’ay be at least a flickering flame. The Labor Board’s investigation is to be an objective one. Its purpose is only to obtain an exact picture of student employment. If, after the inquiry, it is felt that steps need to be taken, a collection of data of the sort the Labor Board proposes to gather would be of great value. It is estimated by the Student Employment Office that nearly one-half of the University’s student body is employed at some time during the school 'year. Many are hired by the University; many more are in private employment. The Labor Board’s questionnaire, through the aid of the Bureau of Business Research
the Purdue Exponent £:t)ter^d aa second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act <ff October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 per year, mail subecrlption 88.60. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF
..L. S. Hardin
Managing Editor— —
City Editor — A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. G. Houstqm R. B. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
.JI. C. Reeves
Assistant BuMness Manajter
Local Advertising Manager. E. M. Antonin! Circulation JIanager JW. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. BL W- Nevin Accounts Manager. —W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Hennlnger
CO-ED STAFF
..Sally McKee
Editor Associate £Mitors~
Associate Editors — Joy Johnson.
Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. Id. McDonald .J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette. Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhonse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRB8ENTSD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 MADtaON Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ' SogTON ' Los AnaCLES - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AR opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student oplnions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chi^.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor—Massey Friday, February 10, 1939
and the Student Senate, has been carefully composed and its distribution in classrooms and organizations has been planned with equal care, A survey of this sort, reaching as it does approximately one-fourths of the students on the campus, can be of great value. But it can be of value only if it is answered candidly and in full by a large majority of the persons it reaches. Your compliance as an individual student employee may seem unimportant, but the whole is only a sum of its parts. Only through complete cooperation can the Board achieve the measure of success its project warrants. —Ohio State Lantern.
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Show: “Four Girls in White.” Where: Lafayette Theatre. When: Febrilary 10, 1939. The rustle of starched uniforms, the scream of the ambulance siren, and the hush of the operating room have always had an especial thrill for movie-goers. “Four Girls In White” is the latest in the series of movies based on the medical profession. Florence Rice, Una Merkel, Ann Rutherford, and Mary Howard are the four who enroll in nurses training for different reasons, Florence to capture a wealthy doctor, Una Merkel for something to occupy her time, Ann Rutherford to heal the sick, and Mary Howard to escape an unhappy past. Jessie Ralph, as the hospital hostress, puts the girls through their paces in fine style. She is properly gruff as the novices drop pans, fall over floor mops, break glasses, and otherwise show their inefficiency. Kent Taylor, a rich man, is Ann Rutherford’s ideal; Buddy Ebsen, the blundering hospital orderly, captures Una Merkel’s heart, while Alan Marshall takes the role of Florence Rice’s handsome doctor. The final scene, in which Florence Rice redeems herself by changing her previous selfish views to the
proper ideal of service, brings the picture out of the mediocre class. The train wreck, the breaking dam, and the rescue build-up suspense and excitement before the traditional happy ending. ’ A short, “Stranger Than Fiction” captures the attention of the audience with interesting oddities, such as the dog who I'ides on top of his owner’s car, and the justice of the peace who moves his residence to catch the trade. WRH Will Sponsor Valentine Tea Dance Valentine’s Day will be the theme of a tea dance to be given tomorrow afternoon by the girls of the Women’s Residence Halls. The dance is open only to the residents and their dates. Dancing, which will be held in the recreation rooms, will start
at 4 o’clock and continue through 7. Committees headed by Barbara Warren, Beth Partenheimer, Joyce Sieldon, and Adele Bai’dach are in charge of decorations which will be in keeping with Valentine’s Day. There will also be a buffet supper served from 5 to 7 o’clock.
ANNOUNCING BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN Phone 2150 BEGINNER’S Wed., Feb. 22 ADVANCED Thurs., Feb. 23
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
FLOWERS OF DISTINCTrON You'll be pleased no end the way we serve you. PHONE 2774 West Side Florist Across from Purdue Bank
Correction, Please Rosf No. 630 Drawing Instruments# value $27.95# set $16.95 instead of incorrect price stated in yesterday's EXPONENT SEARS ROEBUCK & COMPANY
3rd and South Sts.
Lafayette# Ind.
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
— PLUS — An Expose of ihe Power Behind a Gangster's Mouthpiece! I STAND ACCUSED — with — Robert Cummings Helen Mack — Lyle Talbot
— COMING— The Eighth Wonder of the World! KING KONG
What’s all this about a “ClickClick” Club ? Seems that their weekly meetings are held in one of Lafayette’s brighter spots. Since when have you become such a trustful soul as to be elected treasurer, DICK NORTH? Money is scarce, you know—with PETERSON, RETRY, DEAN, and STOCKER as managing board, we just hope the chandelier holds out!
Cary Hall West is in the depths of a civil war—BILL DOWER is on a speech strike with his roommate—something over a girl from Dubuque, Iowa—What’s the matter BILL, can’t you take it??
Some kiss hot, Some kiss cold. Some don’t kiss until they’re told; Some kiss fast, Some kiss slow, Those that don’t kiss, I don’t know!
A kiss is a peculiar proposition: of no use to one; absolute bliss for two; the small boy gets it for nothing; the young man has to steal it; it is the baby’s right, the lover’s privilege, the hypocrite’s mask. To a young girl it means faith. To a married woman, hope, and to an old maid, charity.
//
Just why do little McGHEE and big McGHEE have dates with the same girl, the same night, at the same time ? It’s a good thing DICK just didn’t show up. After all, there is such a thing as using a little strategy.
Spring must be just around some corner, ALICE NEWTON and BUD CLARK are in the midst of reviving last spring’s romance . . . and to
LUMA TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
with
HENRY ARTHUR-JOAN VALERIE HENRY ARMETTA • TOM BECK
BILL ROBINSON
—-PLUS — SONGS RING AS GUNS BARK CHARLES STAESETT
TODAY THRU SAT.
— and •— WIPING OUT RACKETEERS^
,^_.1NTcIN<J . WILLIAM LUNDIGAN -“^CONSTANCE MOORE • LARRYBLAKE J.FARRELLMacDONALD . DAVID OUVER A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE — ALSO —
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclify
“My hands were simply black—I didn’t have a shampoo customer all day!” continue on said topic, we hope that LAST MINUTE ADVICE: AUGIE MORNINGSTAR likes to Wait till the chaperone passes!! ride those things called street-cars. He’s been doing plenty of it lately. " Do you like the girls or their hours. Please, chums, what about some AUGIE? contribs? ? ? ? ?
SATURDAY
MICHAEL WHALEN JEAN ROGERS CHICK CHANDLER A 20th Ctntuiy Fox Picturo
RIDE A CROOKED MILE'
P
A*;, „ i;#i ' i
^ Fri4ctyfFebruciry 10< 1939 .
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Swimming Team Travels To Indiana For Meet Today
Fencers Head Northward For Action Boilermakers Encounter Maroons Tonight, nijnois Net Team
Wisconsin, Spartans Tomorrow Afternoon
Plenty of action is^ awaiting the Boilermaker fencing feam this week end when it leaves town to meet one non-conference and two conference foes. Tonight the foilsmen will face the University of Chicago at the Midway campus. Saturday morning the expedition will head farther northward for the dual matches at Madison, Wisconsin, against Michigan State University and the University of Wisconsin.
The men who compose the team
in foil for the three matches include Huffman, Myerson, and Harden. In the epee division Meier and Solaff are the Riveter representatives, and Stepath and Neptune are in the sa-
ber division.
Want Freshmen Out Freshmen are urged to report for fencing instruction and competition at the Fieldhouse each evening of the school week under the guidance of Art Levin, who is assisted by Bob Meier. In the past few years there has been a revival of interest in
fencing, but most students are comparatively unacquainted with the sport. Levin, who is a senior member of the varsity fencing squad, reports, that the 60 freshmen candidates of this season is about half the number of rhinies of former years. He also states that experience is not necessary nor expected, because the next two weeks will be spent on fundamentals, which is to be followed by three weeks of actual fencing with weapons.
Loses Captain For Tomorrow's Game With Captain Tom Nisbet, ace mini guard, probably out of the lineup for the remainder of the season because of ineligibilty and Hapac, veteran forward, out because of illness, a potentially great Hlinois basketball squad faces the Boilermakers Saturday night. The visitors, potential Big Ten champions, have to date an enviable record. After tipping Michigan by a score of 30 to 20, the Champaign, 111., combination lost to Indiana by
one point, 29 to 28.
The mini in successive wins topped Chicago, Ohio State and Wisconsin, and lost to Minnesota January 23 by a close score of 35 to 33 in the last few seconds of play when Minnesota forward Gordon Addington whiffed the draperies from the side of the floor. Previous Games Stormy The recent history of IllinoisPurdue basketball shows that two previous games have been stormy ones. In the first game last year, played at Champaign, the hosts accused Jewell Young, 146-pounder, of consistently roughing members of their team. Fouls were called incessantly on Young, which were strongly protested. In the second game, played at Purdue, Illinois stalled out 16 minutes of play, in the last half, losing the game by a score of 23 to 13; Intramural Schedule Today Court 2—Jfm Kurtz. 7:16—Ward 6 vs. Ward 12X.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
Call or See
HUNECK’S WALLPAPER - PAINT
826 Main Street
Phone 3841
HAYS JEWELRY €0. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWEINTER’S
< /S'.
There’s nothing like an Arrow for breaking hearts Arrow white shirts, as sure-fire as Cupid’s dart, will do more to step up ’ your good looks than any other article of clothing. White is always right, arid goes well with all your suits and ties. DART—^Arrow’s new white shirt with the Aroweave long wearing non-wi7f—collar that keeps you handsome all day. $2.25. TRUMP—-The world-famous Arrow shirt whose soft collar holds all endurance records. $2. GORDON—Arrow’s double-duty oxford ... a fine comfortable shirt for year-round wear. $2. ■.I All Arrows have the Mitoga fit and are Sanforizedshrunk (fabric shrinkage less than i%). i4RROfV SHIRTS
il
MEET
at
WALGREEN
DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS MODERATELY PRICED YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEH’S W‘ . 410 Main Street
EVENING APPAREL for Gentlemen
You'll find a visit to our formal department a pleasurable experience. Authenticity of V style—so necessary in dress clothes—exact fit—assured by your wide range of sizes. Our moderate price will give you a pleasant surprise.
Youll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
INC.
GULL ION’S
IN THE VILLAGE
Ineligibility Hits Boilermaker Squad In First Match Of Second Semester Hard hit by the gloomy spectre of ineligibility which hangs over all athletes, the Boilermaker varsity swimmers will face the Indiana tank squad today at Bloomington minus the services of several of their most effective men. The Purdue team will be fighting for a victory to bailee its defeat at the hands of the strong Northwestern tanksters and even their score in
Big Ten competition.
Coach Larry LaBree’s sophomore contingent seems to have received the brunt of the ineligibili^ blow. The loss of Krick, ace breast stroker and Mott, star back stroker, will greatly delete the Boilermakers’ effectiveness in these events. Krick’s absence will also be noticed whrin the water polo team goes^ into action. Captain Lahey Injured In addition to the men lost by ineligibility it is almost certain that Captain “Red” Lahey, Boilermaker sprint star, will be unable to compete for the rest of the season. Red has been rendered “hors de combat” by the recurrence of an old leg injury.
One of the most interesting features of today’s meet will be the battle between “Dodo” Wildhack, stellar Boilermaker diver, and Peigel of Indiana. Feigel was the winner of the diving event when the Hoosiers invaded the Boilermaker stronghold last year and “Dodo” will be out for revenge. Bulwarks of the Gold and Black squad who will compete against Indiana are Ancker and Craig, dashmen; Graham, expert at 440 yard grind; Armstrong, 220 yard sAvimmer; Tredwell, backstroke ace; and Carr, breaststroker. Siler and Holler have been showing improvement and are expected to make the
trip.
-ANNOUNCING'
THE OPENING OF NEW RESIDENTIAL OFFICE 460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L. n A. M. TO 12;30 DAILY. p. M. TO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Life Bldg., 1 P. M. to 4 Daily, Except Thursday and Sunday. 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointment C. H. ROMMEL, Physician and Surgeon
POPCORN Still selling that good popcorn at 15c a gallon. Cigarettes —Cigars—Tobaccos \ * ■
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
You'll be glad to know that we make our own confections, to assure your "ideal", whether to your sweetheart or mother, of getting absolutely fresh candy. The boxes are done up in a most presentable gift fashion. Place your orders now . . . by telephone if you prefer . . ■. arid leave the rest to us.
GLATZ
536 Main Street
American’s
West Side Office 132 Vine SL Phone 7278
Dependable Dry-Cleaning ‘Is Tops!”
You’ll be glad to share the complete satisfaction others have found in the American’s Service.
Make Sure-
Phone CaU 3085 American!/
^jcaL OjdLbu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^/boticsA.
Friday, February 10,1939
J4im, and ^Jder By Georgaim Schilling
Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWKITEBS—All makea, ■tondard •ad portable, sold, purcbastiilf^rented. and repaired. Mew portable maiehinea aa low ■a I2S.T6. Supplies. C. F. Ebetshaff, 60fi Main street
BOOMS FOB BENT
FOB BENT—Desirable single and double room, $12. Garage.- 424 N. Salisbury St.
BOOM for three students. Study roon Kitchen privileges. Phone 4988.
DOUBLE BOOM for rent one block from campus. 201 Vine St. Phone 81911.
LARGE front room tor light housekeeping, also single room with private entrance. Phone 2309.
notices
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Tuesday, February 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. Motion pictures will be shown. All members are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
Fraternity Presidents: Those who have sold ten or more tickets leave a message or get in touch with me at 7026 before 1 p. m. Friday, February 10. —JACOBI.
Gold Peppers: Meet at west Fieldhouse door Friday, February 10, at 7:30 p. m. for pep session. —COOLEY.
“Slow But Sure Dear, Fm Losing You . i .” the strains of this wellknown song introduces the Merry Garden’s Maestro, Charlie Agnew. And this evening this same swingcopator and his band will play for file Interfraternity Ball here. Another edition of the Exponent’s notorious razz sheet, the Exposer, is scheduled to come off the press in time to heighten the evening’s entertainment. This affair promises a combination of gaiety and glamor. —H-H— Simile Department: As inconspicuous as a crib note during a final. —H-H— Something different, something new in the line of campus bands. We are talking about a new group of musicians under the direction of Pi KA Bill Adams. The band is very unusual in that they play no swing tunes, just sweet music. The WBAA College Caravan program will feature this dance group regularly on the Saturday afternoon program. Good luck, lads. —H-H— The Guy Who Couldn’t Take It: He had a hangover from eating the cherry in a Tom Collins. —H-H— And can you imagine how pianist Russ Mock felt Wednesday when he discovered that Alec Templeton, the ^fisiting celebrity, had been trying to get in touch with him all afternoon. Mr. Templeton spent the afternoon at the DU house, and confidentially, we hear that he and Chuck Coe had a very fine jam session. Russ finally met up with Alec at the Phi Psi house and played '‘Honky Tonk Train” for the noted pianist. —H-H— Did you ever see a yell-leader quite as versatile as our boy Stubby Meiers? Never a dull moment seems to be the aim of the cheerleaders this year. And they have certainly been successful in reaching their goal. But everyone is now wondering about the cute girl yell leaders. Where have they all vanished to ? The only bit of feminine activity in the cheerleading realms Monday night was a lone cartwheel by one of the girls. It’s queer. —H-H— Well, tomorrow should mark the announcement of all the new sorority pledges. Today is the last round up for the second semester rush. And our own bit of philosophy for today is the idea we just picked up —that you wouldn’t worry what people think about you if you only knew how seldom they do.
Purdue Engineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m. on Friday, February 10: J. D. Fisher, Harper, Johnson, Ruth, Stephens, McClintock, Freeman, Worthington, Hawkins, Fox, Gale, Sturm. “ —SQUIRES.
WAA Badminton: Tournament entries are posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. First round must be played off by Friday, February 17. —FISHLEIGH.
WAA Deck Tennis: The schedule for the deck tennis tournament has been posted on the bulletin board in the women’s gym. Matches should be played off as soon as possible. (2-11) —WALKER. Activities Bureau Sophomores: Any sophomore whether listed in the new committees or not, having questions concerning new assignments see me at once. (2-13) —JACOBSON.
Friday, February 10, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, February 13, in room F of the Union Building at 8 p. m. —JACKS.
Purdue Flying Club: Members who are not present at the meeting of Thursday, February 16, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Unio, and who have not paid their dues to date will be placed on the inactive list. —CHEVEDDEN.
Gimlet: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house Tuesday, February 14, at 5:45 p. m. All members are requested to be present. —SWAN.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Will the following attend the Saturday meeting, February 11, or report absences before the meeting: Butz, Briscoe, Burtsfield, Carroll, Densford, Fink, Johnson, Miller, Pickering, Short, Simpson, Schlitter, Sebast, and Totten. —McKEE. Co-ed Exponent Staff: There wnl be an important meeting Saturday afternoon, February 11, at 2 o’clock in room E of the Union. All freshmen who have worked this fall and want to continue please be present or report absences to me. —McKEE.
versity Hall on Friday, February 10, at 6 p. m. to arrange schedule. —SCHMIDT, LOWE. Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the second semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their checks by calling at the Registrar’s office. (2-16) —STONE. Society of Automotive Engineers: Meeting Friday, February 10, in room 8, Mechanical Building, at 4 p. m. Election of officers. —LUTHER.
Book Exchange: All students who have not received their books or money from the Exchange must do so after 4 p. m. Friday, February 10, in the Union office. —MASON.
Ag Chem Club: Members who have not paid their dues or money for the picture please call me at 61551 immediately. (2-14) —YALOWITZ.
WAA Council: Anyone who wishes to become a member of the WAA Council must sign a petition at the WAA office between 4 and 6 o’clock Friday, February 10, or after 4 any day next week. —MERRITT.
WAA Crafts: Volley ball game Friday, February 10, at 4 p. m. sophomores vs. juniors, fieshmen vs. seniors. —SWICK.
Activities Bureau Sophomores: The new committees are as follows: Jorgeson’s—Elizabeth Fusett, Genevieve Houser, Dorothy Kolar, R. W. Bass, W. Brookman, R. J. Kotfila, B. H. Morgan, and B. Ralston, Lutz’s—Dorothy Andrew, Caroline Shaw, J. H. Barlow, A. Beddoe, W. D. Gipe, J. T. Moore, and W. E. Musser. Smith’s—Dorothy Ells, Warene Hoover, Maltha Pabst, J. Hays, J. N. Lemon, R. W. Rhodenbamel, W. S. Silj'ander, and J. S. Stewart. Breuer’s—Betty Jane Darr, Joanne Geer, Lois Voelkel, R. D. Applegate, R. Brody, H. Feld, and G. B. Kirkpatrick. The above are to report to the office
English Department Students: Department of English is to have tutoring ciasses tor those students who received C’s because of theme writing. Students with sUch conditions will please report to room 109 Uni-
ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
Freshman Engineers: Students enrolled in Engineering Lectures (GE 2) report Saturday, February 11, at 8 o’clock alphabetically as follows: A-E (incl.) lecture room Civil Engineering Building; F-K (incl.) lecture loom Shops; L-R (incl) room 264 Electiical Engineering Building, and S-Z (incl.) room 129 Electrical Engineering Building. —KNAPP.
Zouaves: There will be a meeting of all members of the Zouave Squad who wish to participate in the drill this semester, Monday, February 13, in the Armoiy at 4 p m. —HURST.
Archery: Women’s gym, Friday, February 10, at 4 o’clock. —BALCOM.
\TS TIME FOR LUNCH Let us go to Tom's Armory Restaurant for one of those tasty economical meals. TOM'S ARMORY RISTAURANI
SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY The University of Buffalo A four year curriculum completed in three calendar years, by means of the quarter plan. (Four quarters of eleven weeks each, to the school year). • dental and medical schools are closely affiliated, instruction in the basic medical sciences being under the supervision of the medical faculty. Clinical practice of dentistry, in all its varied aspects is supepised by the dental division and there is an intimate association with the clinics of several hospitals. Periods of internship in two general and one children’s hospital during the senior year, offering unusual experience in clinical observation, diagnosis and treatment of dental conditions. Next regular session will start the first week in July, 1939, For further information address " School of Dentistry 26 Goodrich St, Buffalo, N. Y.
WBAA
On The Air—
'The Voice of Purdue'
11:00—Pi of Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Agricultural Forum. 12 :15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 :45—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:00—You and Your Health. 1 :15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:45—Maiket Reports. 2 :00—Current Business. 2 :16—Program commemorating Nathan Calwalder’s 100th birthday. 2:30—Lanterns in China, Mrs. Gordon Enders 2 :45—Melody Moments, Hawaiian Troubadours. 3 :00—Purdue Woman’s Club 3 :30—Your Town and Mine, 4 :00—Melody Moods. 4:16—Paul Mitchell, popular songs. 4 :30—Radio Club. 4 :46—Story Book Hour.
Come in and See Our 1939 Values
Save on your 1939 shirts. Here is an opportunity to lay in a full shirt supply at a saving. We also have a nice selection of odd slacks. Slacks —all colors ..$1.98 up Striped Sleeveless Sweaters 98c Hats .. ’ $1.98 Socks 15c Pull-Over Sweaters $1.98
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Phone 5730
(jJjcdJdm^ mmf bsL ipodL iDcs/vddJL—
3071
But your date for the Inter-Frater-nity Ball will think you are much smoother if you take her in a cab. Yellow Cab
Phones
5023
Don^t Worry, Chum
If you get splashed by accident, cuss the “splasher” if you must, but be thankful for one thing: You can have your suit or coat cleaned up in a jiffy through our One Day Cleaning service. It’s a great help on lots of occasions—on unexpected invitations out . . . when you’re down to your last suit . . . etc. Just call 4081 for quick pick-up service
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Professional
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
• jewelers
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Shoe Repair
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is ell we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
-V '