4/000 Students Seq Off; Elward Praises
Team To Discuss ^ • .. Purposes Of Rush 5pirif With Coeds Today
Mezzo-Soprano To Appear In Music Hall; Doors Open
At 6:41
^, By L. M. Stettenbenz “If this gathering means anything at all to the team, then the Pitt Panthers are foredoomed to defeat on Saturday,” said Mai Elward, Director of Athletics, as he stood before a crowd of 4,000 roaring, cheering students, at the Big Four station last night, to express his thanks for the whole-hearted send off they were giving his team. ^ “In fifteen years, this is by far the largest and most enthusiastic gang I have ever seen,” the coach continued, yelling to make himself heard above-the clam-
or of the multitude. “The team appreciates it, to put it mildly, and we’re going to play our heads off for
you!” j
Better Than Notre Dame Joe Boland, line coach, got up after Mai spoke and reiterated his statement, adding that even at Notre Dame he had never seen the like of the tferrific acclaim that the student body had afforded the team. And it was time. Spread in a solid circle that, fully packed, plugged the entire area as far back as the street in front of the station, the vast surge of sideline Boilermakers yelled and screamed the challenge to the lie that faith ill the Riveter team had died in Ross-Ade stadium
last Saturday.
The Spirit Yet Lives
State Poultry Meeting Draws 400 Members To 23rd Conference
Twenty-third annual meeting of the State Poultry Association of Indiana ended yesterday afternoon after an inspection of the University agriculture laboratories and poultry plant by the 400 persons who attended the two-day confer-
ence here.
On Wednesday which was “Hatchery Day,” the poultrymcn attended discussions dealing with the future
Bogue Will Play For PI A Mixer This Evening ‘Band Features Original Styled Orchestrations Purdue Independent Association will inaugurate its social season tonight with the presentation of a mixer in the Union, directly following the evening convocation. Verle Bogue and his orchestra, noted for their rhythmical “Music in Vogue” patterns, have been signed for the
By Bill Hoskins ’
Gladys Swarthout, attractive star of opera and concert fame, will appear in the Musie Sororities Plan To Invite Hall tonight at 7:30, opening the program of qpnvo’s and lectures for the 1941-42 season, Rushees To Formal Teas Pi’of- J* T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge, has announced that MusicJidl will be opened at 6:45, because of the fact that the convocation will begin half an hour eiifllenic rush^advisor^^wUl speak”to all Students will be admitted to the convocation upon presentation of their h^ssports. Ficgiris going through rush at a meet- ulty and general public holders of season tickets will also be admitted. • ing in the Union faculty lounge at Miss Swarthout, veteran by virtue of many years activity on the ^tage, be^an hfer s^^4 p. m. today. tacular career at the early age of thirteen when she pinned up her curls, ahhouncad she Was Dean Stratton and Mrs. Rader ' nineteen, and applied for a poM^on
i of the poultry industry, productive
T!!® ; poultry research, profitable hatch-
eries, baby chicks, egg laying tests and the demand for poultry and
eggs.
Suggest Improved Egg Production Suggestions on the improvement of egg quality, the marketing of eggs, and profitable adjustments to
of the cheerleaders brought forth a clap of thunder from the assemblage and time upon time the Boilermaker cheers reechoed and volleyed back across the levee, proving to the onlooking citizenry that the legendary Purdue spirit was again a concrete fai:tor in the backing of the team. The procession started on schedule from the front of the Union building, where forty or more cars had already stopped traffic for almost a half hour, tooting insistently and waiting for the send off to get
under way.
Students Surge Forward
Promptly at 6:45, the band swung into State street, blasting vigorously on “Hail Purdue,” the line surged forward expectantly and the party was on. Students by the hundreds, running and walking, appeared out
■’ Terle Bogue
occasion. Due to the expected
be made in fitting the poultry flock length of the convocation, the time into the average farm pattern dur- for the affair has been set forward ing an emergency or war-time pe- to 9:30 p.m. and will continue until
riod were presented to the poultry- 12:30 a.m. * men yesterday. p^^^^ia
In the elections for officers of the Bogue has risen to a successful Indiana Record of Performance njohe in the music world during the Poultry. Breeders Association, L. A. p^gt few months, and .is coming to
will discuss the purpose of rush and the position of the rushee. Barbara Ann Atkins, president of the PanHellenic council, will explain the rush rules. The meeting~has been planned to acquaint all rushees with the procedure and rules that will be used during the rush period.
Registration
Following the meeting and until 7 p. m., registration of all girls going through rush will take place in the Pan-Hellenic office in room 204 of the Union. The fee of two dollars Will be due at this time and an extra fee of fifty cents will be charged for late registration. Rushing will start at 2 p. m. tomorrow with a series of teas at the respective sorority houses and will last for one week, ending on Saturday, Oct. 11. r.h.r. Street-Length Dresses Will Be Worn Oct 17 At Gold-Diggers' Ball AWS executive board, in a meeting last night decided that street length dresses are to .be worn at the Golddiggers Ball, Friday, Oct. 17. This is a new trend, formal attire having been worn in-previous years. Dick Cisne and his orchestra, who
Wilhelm of the agriculture exten- University fresh from a summer closed a five weeks’ en-
sion service succeeded W. Kohlmey- spot the
er as secretary-treasurer, who is re- Pgoria. There his music was notice
signing from the position. Faculty Members Speak
Among the, conference speakers arrangements has been attributed
of nowhere to swell the crowd and who are connected with the Univer- to his quick success, and in tonight’s rank upon rank fell in behind, re- sity were Dr. E. C. Young, of the mixer, the band’s personal variacruiting a vibi'ant army that multi- farm management department; Dr. tions of numbers will prevail, plied backwards upon itself and J. Holmes Martin, head of the poul- Has 14-Year Old Singer
choked the runway from sidewalk try department; and L. A. Wilhelm, to sidewalk in a formidable array of exterysion poultryman. a.p.h.
enthusiastic anticipation. Forensic Board
gagement at the Colony Club Chicago, will be featured at this
able for its originality and complete coed-bid dance of the season, danceability. Refusal to use stock organization has the distinc-
tion of being the most extensively traveled dance band in the Midwest. Tickets for the dance are
-$1.10.
Date etiquette will be reserved at- the ball when coeds call for their dates and take them to dinner, buy cokes during the intermissions and
in a church choir in According to Misd Swarthptttt ihe sole motive for applying fto ifos job was that she didn’t like the Way the in<;umbent soloist )ield her music. She got the job. Gladys Swarthout’s concert debut, however, was made beford ’this first job. Her first rehital wd^ ^en in a Kansas City chtUtch b^Ore many of her friends and some iii^ential people.. In reaching tdf a high note the young Miss Sv^rthout slipped, and didn’t quite ifiake it. When several of ner yodthful friends tittered at ■ this, wheeled around, demanded thit her vaccompanist start, the piece over, and completed it without ah ^ndf. When it came time for the'ld^ note she hit it sqtiarely, brfii^S|^ the audience to its feet cheeril^.!-A wealthy Kansas City famil:^, had come to hear her, and theh: rad. there offered to finance her stu^'sl Several years later, when ^ frented with an operU contrih^'^ie realized that shs didn’t know a.' single operatic rofeiilifft in one summer She leaimed tWentythree roles, complete With
and gestures.
But Miss Swarthout claims" that it isn’t all hard work that has^jput her where she is, one of the -dhtstanding mezzo-sopranos in tfie' world. “All the Work and will ffi thd world won’t get you there wi^dht a few breaks,” says Gladys, ‘^e don’t dare call them ‘short cuts', but lucky breaks can make the |iatlt a lot easier. Of course, you havd to be ready when the break comes.” But—breaks or otherwise, Gl'ddyS Swarthout has a list of accomplish-
Editor’s Note: The sports’ editor received this telegram after he had nients which few singers can boast
Gladys Swarthout
The Sports Gestapo
by Phil Johnson
A quadruple column of cars, from the depths of which students craned to add their contributions to the clamor, stretched backwards for a half a mile, honking wildly and backfiring desperately to make themselves heard. Pushing slowly forward down the hill, the bedlam grew to cyclone proportions, ricocheting back and forth from the stone walls of the flanking buildings, and setting the ground beneath
(Continued on page 2)
A novel feature of Boguc’s orchestra will be the singing of Mai’gie Burling, fourteen years old, who
written his column following the pep session last night. It is addressed to the entire student body and was sent by the team and the coaching staff from Indianapolis on their way to trounce Pittsburgh tomorrow. Since it expresses the feeling of the team for the student demonstration, we are running this section of the Sports Gestapo on the front page.
. . . last night elected the following officers f Robert Riester, senior publicity manager; Janet Kendall,
senior coed intramural manager, Fields, Eddie Duchin, Dick Jurgens Virginia Barson and Sam Pence, ^nd other name units,
junior publicity managers. Detailed plans were made for the year, which included moving the office to its new location in room-386 of the Union.
highlights the organization. Special- their date s baggage. The izing in numbers that call for bril- corsages made by the coeds will be liant rhythm, Margie has won quite Ju^Iged and prizes awarded for the a name for herself in the band field, ^^°®t outstanding, e.h.a. ,
having" been featured as guest soloist on several occasions for Shep
Student Art Guild To Sponsor Six Little Movie Convocations This Year In Eliza Fowler Hall
Student Art Guild announced yesterday that the little movie convo program, sponsored by the Art Guild and the Student Union, will be held this year in Eliza Fowler Hall instead of in the Union as of last
year.
Bob Parks, who is in charge of the arrangenients, announced that six programs-consisting of fictional and non-fictional subjects will bo held during the year. Parks emphasized that these convos are not to be confused with regularly scheduled University movie convos since these are student-sponsored. Tickets Are 40 Cents Tickets for this year’s shows are
“Plane Crazy,” “Mickey’s Band Concert” a Disney feature, “March of
The backdrop will be prepared as usual by Union workers, and the price for the affair will be the regular mixer charge of one dollar.
l.m.s.
Foundation To Take Bicycle tiike Sunday Wesley Foundation will feature an early moi'ning bike hike Sunday,
Hass To Open Chem Society Meeting Oct. 6 Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the chemistry department, will open the 1941-42 meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society with a discussion of “Recent Developments in the Nitroparaffins” next Monday at 7:30 p.m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Build-
ing.
Prior to the meeting Dr. Hass
, INDIANAPOLIS, IND.
OCTOBER 2, 1941
SINCERE CONGRATULATIONS FROM THE AND STAFF FOR THE FINEST PEP SESSION ANY OF US CAN REMEMBER. ONLY A STUDENT BODY WITH THE SPIRIT AND ENTHUSIASM OF PURDUE COULD MAKE SUCH A DEMONSTRATION POSSIBLE. THANKS TO ALL THE STUDENT ORGANIZERS ^ AND ORGANIZATIONS BEHIND THE
SEND OFF* FOR THE TEAM.
(Signed)
FOOTBALL SQUAD AND \ COACH STAFF
of equalling, having an honorary Doctor of Music degree to her credit, conferred upon her by the CMcago Conservatory. Besides this and the fact that her opera debut was made with the Metropolitan Opera Company as La Cieca iU “La. Gioebnda,” Miss Swarthout has thA distinction of being the only wonian to have sung for the entire assbm-
SQUAD bled Congress of the United Sthtes,
the Diplomatic Corps, Supnme Court and the President. This occurred in the Senate at the IfiOth anniversary exercises celebratfiii^
the founding of Congress.
A portion of the program arranged for tonight is a collection of “Three Songs of the Auvergne,”-
(Continued on pfige 2)
Cosmo ClujLWill Hold Reception Tomorrow
Oct. 6, on which students will don will be the guest of honor at a din- • Who Said "No Spirit?^ ■their old clothes and ride out into Jicr meeting in the Old Chestnut .. -
Timo” -.nrl “Tkn Plow fhnt Prnkf. thc Country. Following the ride they Room of the Union at 6. Reserva-
will return to the Union cafeteria tions for the dinner should be made
the Land.” British Films December 12 On December 12 British films, “Spring Offensive,” “Night Mail” and Flaherty’s “Men of Aran,” will be featured. Talkies will bo the main theme of the January 13 program as George Bernard Shaw in a news reel, “Maedchen in Uniform” and Disney’s “Ferdipand the Bull” will be pfosented in regular theatre
style.
French films entitled “Entr’
for breakfast^ with F. J. Allen, of the chemistry The group will leave the Founda- department, not later than today, tion building, 116 Shoetz Street, at d.w.o.
6:30 , in time to cover the nearby country roads. All those interested are asked to call the Foundation office and leave their names, w.s.
We’re trying to find out who started all of these ugly (and completely unfounded rumors about thc lack of Boilermaker spirit. If he was within a half mile of last night’s pep session he certainly should have suffered pangs of conscience. We hope that it was an answer to the remarks
about failing Boilermaker spirit made last week by a Lafayette sports students and 60 per cent stin-
Cosmopolitan Club will hold i fiception for all students tomoWO'Wt night from 7:30 to 9 in room 365 of
the Union.
The aim of this club, whose membership is about 40 per cent Ametl-
writer.
Farm Management Plans School Picnic Thursday
University Students Judge Insect Exhibit Robert and Dorothy Arvidson,
both distinguished students at the University, served as judges for the entomology ^exhibit held at Otterbein school September 30 and Octo-
(Continued on page 3)
Annual picnic for farm manage
Acte,” “Harvest” from Giano’s nov- ^ent staff members, farm manage- ber 1. el and Disney’s French version of mont students and all agricultural Nineteen collections
Playsbop Fills First Debris To Print Snaps
Show Ticket Orders qj 5un,n,g,. Adjvifjes a broad education at the Univ^I^
dents from other lands, is to promote universal brotherhood «jdA. friendship. The members exehA^jj^
ideas and learn the customs
lands fi’om the club members of dlii|-
ferent nationalities. Through' ciation at the meetings thby
Playshop will begin filling mail
orders for tickets to “Three Men This year’s Debris will contain were pres- On A Horse” immediately, accord- four pages of snapshots taken at
40 cents and may be obtained from “The Three Little Pigs” will be pre- freshmen will be held next Thurs- ent, one of the largest exhibits of ing to an announcement made last summer school. Civil Camp, Fores
desk of the Union after Oct. 8 and at a booth to be set up in the Union at a later date. Since .a limited number of tickets are available, students are urged to get their tickets early. First of the six programs will be held on November 11 and consists of a series of movies entitled “Rescued
from an Eagle’s Nest Chaplin in ‘The Tramp
On March 10 Joris Ivens, the modern film master, will be featured and “The Bridge,” “The Spanish Earth” and “The Power and the Land” will be presented on the screen. At the last convocation on April 7, tjn American epic, “The Birth of a Nation” will be presented as a fitting
Unive]>»{fj|r
and who help to make social co^--.
tacts at the University
while. .
Many Foreign Stwlents In IT. There are over ten thqusand fo». eign students in the United
who are representatives of theit W
Any student who has any snap- spective countries. The
jiic supper, stunts, games and a any other 4-H youths in Indiana, tickets for coupons on October 6. shots meeting these requirements vention of the Cosmonc^tAtt short meeting, is sponsored by the according to H. Q. Holt, instructor Ticket sales have been moving should take the prints to Dick Ball will be held on thfe farm management department as at Otterbein. with comparative rapidity, but at at the Debris workshop on the sec- end of the present semester. ' a get acquainted party. Tickets are Dorothy has won the state trophy the present time there are still a ond floor of the Union Building. La Vonne Kellar, presideiKt ot till being sold by farm management for both identification and judging few books available. Miller stated. Ball, who is in charge of this sec- local club, invites all studrate
student salesmen, or at the west sented at the Feb. 10 convocation. afternoon, Oct. 9, at 4:15 on native insects ever shown in Indi- night by Jack Miller, business man- try Camp and of the University
thc Dean’s pasture at the Univer- ana. Both students were selected ager. The box office will officially ROTC Corps at Camp Knox, it was
sity farm. for the work because they hold more open for the purpose of selling in- announced yestei-day. The program, consisting of a pic- high honors in insect work than dividual tickets and exchanging
t,” Charlie close to this series of little movie students and instructors for twenty* insects four times, and Robert holds Season book prices are as usual tion, will select the best pictures the club and take advrataire of Disney s convocations, d.e.b. five cents, d.e.b. the honor for two .years, a.l.w. „ $1.26. l.s., for publication, p.g.h. _ ■ _ chance to develop
. ' -%
f ■
■# f
}■
J f iV u< ^ \nf
I “I
■\ t V^'' S A*^ i '
H /
)'•' I;
f
€A-
«
Exponent Pl^e
RJcftty, O^croB^ir X rasM « « ««. 1.^ ij >«*!,«»■ fa
ClU Vt^lOH MERRY-QQ-RORHI
Bv Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen
In the end, JapalRf reaffirifliftd its partnership in the Axifl^l but only after the U S Missiott to Moscow already had started, also after appeasement policy of the State Department got non here
llii&ilk ^
lienti
(Continued fiom page 1)
Uttmi
atiemble as fioni the concussions of a huge dium
Reserves fliM^khr
Wallie Gets Into Newsreel After Windsor Intercedes; Jap Appeasing Fails Again
NOTE —'Key to Tapanese policy of fiiendship foi the United States 01 allegiance to Gennany always IS the barometel of Nazi militaiy suecc s If Hitlei is winning, Japan \ ill stick bv him, and if the USA looks stionget it is vice veisa U. S Military Attache Gcncnl John Magiudei was re centlv appointed head of the U S militai\ mission to China in older to heal the slight to Chiangi Kaishek when he was not peimrtted to send in envoy to the Haiiiman confeioncc in Moscow But General Magiudei is nioie famous foi anothei chaptei in his life
Half Hour To Reach Station It took, a half hour to reach the station but the elapsed time served to augment rather than quell the eager spirit of the ciowd, and the battely of cheerleaders, waitiitgj on the platform to direct the ordered ioutine> weie swept away in thd spontaneous blast that poured across the tiacks
little WiikPantheFS^
Eth Baugh, executive secretary of the Alumni Associatidn, has announced that arrangements have been made’ fer the alumni and friends attending' the PurdtePittsbUrgh tilt Section lO" on the BO-yard lihe has been reserved for these Boilermaker fans
Bv Drew Pearson and 1 Robert S 411en Wnshingtop Oct 3—A good ba rometei of iSjic Duke and W illic s standing it the Biiti'^h Einbas ^ was the fact tint ncwsiecl men wcic oidcied to tal c no pictuics of the Duchess either m the embasse 01 wirh an\ put o'^ th building bowing 111 the bicl oround
When he was U S military attache to Switzerland in 1938, Magrudei sent a report to the War Department on the march of Hitlei s mechanized forces to conquer Austria In this report he said that Nazi tanks and tiucks were of poor qual itv and that many of them had broken down en route to Vi-
Johniiie Goll twisted backward to keep up'With the cadence aS htS led them in the Locomotive, and Dick DeGaimo needed but to wave his aim to start the senes rolling The diive waaPtheie Full and strong, it needed ilio afonsal, but only the touch of a human raetlonome to co oidinate it into rhythmic cheering
4nd it tool the Duke himself to countenraiid the older \s the new SI eel men were setting up their apparatus far back on the lawn, he brushed aside a j oung enibassr dip'omat w ho was handling arrangements and declared 111 take caie of this mjself Pm an old hand at newareels Ire been in then so often
This U S Military report was immediately picked up by the But ish who placed great confidence in the woid of a U S Military at taclie Today Hitler’s tanks and ar moied cais aie the model foi mod ein warfare
He then informed the cimenmen that thej cor Id take a shot of him self and the Duchess walking out of the emba^sv into the jaid The voun^ diplom it b icl cd off in con fusion Despite the awkwardness of the situation the Duke put on a cheer ful fiont chatuinf liccly with the photogiaphci s between letiles Once he slid I c on t thinl I ve got on the i ight 1 ind of tie I know you fellow-5 hie to focus on i tie and this one isi t bi ight enough He roie a conseirative two tone blue ciar it \ilh cba^onil stupes
British Naval Strength How haid pressed the Biitish are foi destioyeis ind convoy ships was illu«tiatecl the othei day when the T^iench steamer Pasteur arrived in the United States after crossing the Atlantic with only one destioyer IS its protector The Pasteur is one of the newest Flench Line vessels laun^ied in 1939 She is a beautiful boat of 30, 000 tons and it was lemarkable that the British would risk a ship of this size and importance in the dangerous wateis of the Noith At lantic
‘For The Honor Of Old Purdue’ I As the yellihg ceased, the band blared forth again to lead the stu dent body in a song Taking it on the upbeat the multitude poured forth music, and for the first time in oui expel lence we were unable to hea?' the crash of cymbals above the rolliclang strains of ‘ For the Honor of Old Purdue ” This, unique though it may seem was not un usual in the light of the tremendous volume that the ciowd pioduced It would have taken a band threefold strong to have even dented that wall of sound The warning whistle of the loco motive shrilled, audible- only be cause of its piercing* crescendo, and the co captains of the teatm, Tommy Melton and Jim Miller, stepped to the leair plalJfoVm of the tiain, to offer a parting Word* of gratitude to the assemblages Announcing that the attendant spiiit had carved an indelible mark of determination on the lesolve of the team, the two guards vowed heads up football foi Saturday, with every man in there fighting all the way
Alumni headquarters during the day will be at the Webster Hotel, which IS only a few blocks from the stadium. After the game a vie toryj darioe ryni be held m the Im penal Ballioom starting at 6 30 p m At that tune the football team abti coaching staff Wall be mtrodheed by Don Trimble, ’32, president of the Purdue Pittsburgh Chib, aiidi a star litteman on the varsity during his undergraduate years Other officers on the reception committee include Ben Di Landes, ’29, J,^C Schaffer, ’35, Mis Carl Miller, Mrs H G Loomis, Mrs W 0 Osborn and Mrs C Robert Lillie w s
Wfaeeiien To Cycle, Pienk Tomorrow At 3
\s Hie newsreel men were winding up their w oi k the loing tiiplom it tried to square matters bi i ggestm >■ that the Duehess hue 'omethin* to say for the -^ound tiacss But the Duke ga\e him anothc brush off 1 m going to do 11 the t ilk ing he said erisph
Mrs Raosevelf's Job A friend of Mis Roosevelt came to see hei at the White House, to t ilk about the First Lady s new job in the Office of Civilian Defense She was veiy much impressed at Mis Roosevelt s giasp of the pioblems but a little disturbed at the Jioldness of some of hei plans
Co-Captains Shaken That the spirit of the undergrad uates was well met was self evident for both Tommy and Jim, accus tomed as they are to applause and enthusiasm were visibly shaken by the voluminous responses to then words, and retired into the car with a wave of the hand as the train started away Mere Words were in adequate for the occasion and they knew it
Wheelmen, University bicycle club, will meet at the Executive Building tomorrow at3 p m to ride out to the Ross Gamp for a picnic Tickets may be obtained from offi ceis The club, which was organized two years ago, climaxed last fall’s season by a Sunday iide to Camp Tecumseh with an Indianapolis club Anyone in the University, student or faculty member, is eligible foi membership after serving a pledge period This period consists of at tending three iides in one season, one of which must be 25 miles long The officers of the club from whom tickets may be obtained, are president, Fiank Maughey, vice president, Ralph Luebben, secre taiy tieasuier, Gwen Cmiy rwb
Decays To Russia There weie two inside leisons foi Hit '=loy ness of the U S ini'sirn to iloscow in sitting down at the conieience table with Joe Stal in One i is the technic il difficultv of the fiipht acif s Geimanj The ofhei WeS Cbm i Ihe flight fiom Lon on to Mos cow- 1= not the ca^-ie t thin,„ in the woild since about a thou and miles is icros= cnc iT\ tei itoij The But 1 h Ijinmltis \ iich make the flight u e ^is much of the night as possi ble pvei Geiman teintoiy and also go (ip to iiemendous altitudes i)Iho L S mission H Mo low "jt o li id t > fi\ in St Hons— three different planes flown on different dc.\s with (he time of elepirture kep a d f! sc eiel 'ind the last sections were delay td in T o idon i 11 n ines lc’a\ of the n i sion t( Mo to\ oce lit I lei le i.\eiill Jlai 1 imin kit \\ hnmton when it was proposed that China neuest f len Ih 1 eigl 1 03 to Pussia I ould it in Will H 11 liman Stalin uid the gH is But the ^tate Dcpaitmcnt object cd—and foi a hmhlj ii expected leasoii vpj i Client nn de ! diplo nat*- inside the State De]iaitment claimed Ih it a Chinese mi ion to Moscow wruld (ffend Jap in The United States was tiyii g to woo J ipan iway fiom the Axi they aigued andsoiKthinf n ust be done to lub Hie Japariesi far He wirng way
feo thinking of Director LaGuaidia the friend remonstrated If joii mtiodiice such bold ideas what will the Mayor I Ihe Fust Lady smiled “My dear she said I don t think the Major will say ‘No to me ”
NOTE Mis Roosevelt cannot spend full time at hei desk in the OCD and dm mg hei absences the lob will be held down by her good Inend Mis Heniy Moigenthau, wife of the Secietaiy of the Tieas uiv Capitol Chaff Ma shall Budenny row defending the U1 laine once gave a white race hoist to Di Aimond Hammei of the Hammei Ait Galleiies in New 1 nl m lew xid foi Himmei s job (t isse nbling tiaetois in Russia Hammei is now (Imposing of the east I/illiam Randolph He list ait collettion No one takes Miis bill loom d uicing moio seriously th 11 Pi ice Conti ollei Leon Ilender son He has been tal ing C mga les ns 1 ccntly The Newport News Shit building Company lecent 1\ p untect the Aimy tianspoit West Point in the amazing, time of ex actly eight hours J H Ciuth held (1 Pittsburgh has devised an auto sticl ei reading ‘Give a lift t eic 5 mill m iimfoini ’ Cailos Davila popular ex President oi Chile h is lieen ippointed special ambassuloi to five Central Ameii can eountues With Euiopean mai kets closed Chile has asked Davila to inal e the most of tiade possibil lilts inside the Western Hemis phei c (Cop\light 1941 by United Featme Syndicate Inc )
The procession started back for the party was but half over and a huge snake dance gave birth to a twisting line of yelling^ students that wormed in and out among the slowly moving cais Torches ap peaied lending a keynote of ap pioaching victory and wended back and loith through the undulating line glowing foi all the world like some sluggish hill of molten lava The band was ill the van again thundcimg vibrantly and occasion ally heard thiough the pulsing throb that shook the column
Back Across Levee
Retracing Hieii path across the levee the loai maintained its fevei pitch to the V51J doois of the Un ion where the major poition of the crowd disseminated and joined the snal e dance as it swung inside and threaded back and forth through Hie buildings coiiidois The band continued on to the Music Hall, maikmg the final stop in the cheer laden itineiaiy and the multitude dispersed vanishing in groups of twos and threes with a final howl of defiance The piogiam was ended but the campus still shook from the lepeicuasions of its presence Admnably carrying out then paitsmthe iff an membeis of Skull and Crescent assisted by fieshmen fiom the Delta Tau Delta house spent the entire evening in an iron coidon aiound the band to protect then instiuments fiom haim in the tiemendous crush of the surging student body Gold Peppeis too de serve a vote of thanks foi the way in which they escorted the team to the station and the Reameis de spite the tempoiaiy breakdown of then locomotive mascot are to bo congratulated foi then efforts in the conduct of the piogiam
6RAND ENTERTAINMENT
^lor your eyel
|*-for your earl
for your heort!
SONJA HENIE
, JOHN ^ PATNE
GLENN MILLER
AND HIS ORCHESTRA MILTON BERLE • LYNN BARI JOAN DAVIS • NICHOLAS BROTHERS A 20thi'C«nfury-Eox PIcfurtt
8 SMASH SONGS! —-LAST !>AY —
Ri4Jh«irif ARLENi Jeair PARKER
WBiUL
s, Swarthnut
FRIDAY
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST ; 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg,
Dr Paul A Risk Dr Luther A R sk Dr Harold J R sk —oeNTisys —
4001-404‘ Sehritu Bldg
and M-ain Sr
La1!ayett«
TODAY Thru SATURDAY ,0^
memzAcM
AND
* MOKOCHAM hctomt
ALSO ' CAPT MARVEL" Serial FIRST RUN NEVirS^
PwtdusL £xpomnL
1 nttred as second class matter at the post offite in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Maith i 1879 and at the special rate ol postage provided foi in seetion 1103, aet of Oetober 3, 1917, aulhon/ed Januarj 20 1922 Published daily exeept Monday duiing the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Deliveied lolally by earner tor $3 50 per year, mail subseriptions, $1 00
Fditur in Cl ief Ntwa Ldilor liuamcMb Munai^ir
Ned A Ochiltree John L Trau(,ott Don S Powers
Sports Staff Editnr Phil C Johnijn AbaoLiate Editorb O f Clark J D 1 raaer J S Keeler
Publication Staff
Managlni; Editor I eland W Kuffner Abbo ialc 1 ditoi-b J 1 Amoh J II Aimbt 011 D 1 Hroi hy It 1 II idl } 1 J J b J G K 1 r
Phones Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792, Editorial After 10 P M, 5377
Business Staff laial Ad\<rtib)ri Mai > r K K C j rnre E F Sixtoi Glre 1 tiun Mai aetr W 1 1 11 A toui lb Mai agtr W D IdiUard Co-ed Staff Editor - Ruth Rose Aabonatc Fdilorb M iry K E jitji Alice Cl utfuld June Eamfidell
Represented foi national adveitibing by National Advertis mu Sciviee lie (oilege Puhlibhci-s Representatives 420 Madison Ave New Yoik N Y
Staff For This Issue Nieht Editor Jones Day Editor Chatflcld Issue I ditor Rafert Spurts Editor K-eeler Reporterb D 11 Iluta Al Wicl ard 5 H Ahienb M J t au 1 1 St leit, I M Stettei be / W G Hoskns G Rye b ] SI P G Holfinan W Surameib K Klisbon A ilui t r G WattI worth D W Oehiltiee J D Smith
• Buy yourself The University Gab—a brand new LEE Water-Bloc^ that costs only $5. You’re in one of the smoothest hats you ever woie (witU matching gabardine hand and hum binding) . . , you’ie in style with yow hat and m clovci with the gals’
LIE E&n
358 Filfclif Avenuie, New Yorik
* Reg US Pat Off
10 00+—News 10 10<—Curio Man 10 15—Mtisici 1 10 PreSfonte 10 4^5—THeatle of Song 11 00—“Europe Since 1914” with Prof V Li Albjerg 11 50—Purdue News 12 00—Agricijdtural Forum 12tl6^Mee<j thg Band ^ 12 45^(^16344^6 for Spgeial Events 1 00—Souvenirs 1'30—Science Review 1 46—Markets 2 00—A Story a Day 2 15—Parent Forum 2 30—Moods in Music 3’*Q0’—Newts 3 10—MuSic ’’ 3 15—Marjoiie WilliamSOn — singer ’ 3 30—Special! Musical Semefi’" 4 00—Tea Time Tunes 4 30—A P Stevyart’s Miusic Organizations 5 00—Just Relax 5 15—Little Miss Muffet 5e30—Vespers 5 JS-—Curio Man 5 50—News 6 00—Dinner Music 6e30—Sports 6 46—Next Week at Puidue 7 00—Lafayette Ibittie Theaitee 7 30-—Inquiring Reporter 8 00—Marching Albng 8 15—Buss GraefnitZ—pianist 8e30i—Eventide Echoes 8 45—South Ameiican Way 9 00—Unioh MrxOr Bknd 9 30—Mixer Interviews 9^0—New'S 10 00—©fF the Alt Ml West Side Hi^br>Sehool 2 JefferSon High School 3, Purdue Women’s dWb -...dunLafa^iatte. Muere-S»eiatyb.Kii
(Continued froM..mge F which have been a corT^u^ously successful pait of Miss Swarthout’s repetorre in the past jtear, Thaje are French songs, copies of which were not available Having announced them as part of a coming program; Miss Swaithout proceeded to take down words and musib from pho h'tJgraph''^rdei)rdO dnd then had the pi^es orchb^wt^ddi ' ’The program for this evening followsc I Spring Handel Cttnre Againv Sweet Love Dowland Dido’s Lament, from “Dido and Aeneddl’ ^ Pfirci^il Hist, Hiat DT Arnold
II
Ariai, Gonl*ais-tu le pays’ (Mhgnon) Thomas
III
Three Songs of The Auvergne Arr by J Canteloube Passol pel! Prast (Come by the Fields) Malarous qn’o uno fenno (Unhappy He Who Has a Wife) iBnezaitola (Lullaby) El Majo Discrete Granados Romance de Solita Pittaluga
INTERMISSION
IV
The Convent Borodin March from “The Love< of Three Oranges.” 'i Piftllikifieff Mr Hodges •t Sis' Stfngis by American. Composers Command Charlds ICingsford CWntitdnifom Miss Swarthout) Velvet Shoes Randall Thompson ( Written for Miss Swarthout) Into the Night Clara Edwards The Pasture Charles Nagmski Miranda Richard Hageman
By Pat Stenberg .?) On Saturd^, Nov. t, WAA. will give a speedball play-da® fsn- nfiWby colleges DePauw, Indiana hhi" veisity, and Ball State will he sent invitational If each cplieg^»i''a^dfs a full teaihi sixfy girls! ticihhtiiig dutihig' thieb playdayi gaiViqs willt be scheduled day “ ' Erttferts^ament is biittgl pllahaed foi the''girls Everyone will eat together either at the Union or at the WAA cabin* The pool m Idw yrdmen’s gymnasium will be open for all the girls ' —Wadv-i ' WAA u\ges all*^ gifls^wiBhittg to play hockey to report at the gymnasium There is still tiSitit? fiSr'%e six practiceh'required! ffcfe tfddiii b»gibiliby During the nexfcJi^felfeiihe team’s captain will be selected MiSs Bonds instructor of the team, announced that there is hope that the toam will be kent out of tovVft to eoUipete in intercollegiate tournaments S’-* Failings for the WAA golf tOpJ^nament have been announced THi^ ate Kathleen Gannon vs PranCds Thompson, ElIten''Cllsrktvs Yirgiirik MdDdnaJd, Jackie Decker vs, Maiy Pidgeon, and Jerry O’Neil Vs Matge Blown Maige Btown, head of WAA golf, asks that these girls get im toudh with then opponents and plan to play the first match during the week beginning October 11 They shobid turn in their score cards at the WAA office There can be only one match held a week Nine b!oltes'’is the limit which each girl nray plaji WAA points will be awarded'to paiticipants as follows 50 fbr^etl*' teimg the tournament, 25 for warning the tournament, 5 for each match played, and 10 for a lunnerup
James R. WUHamson
. has been promoted to-the rank of lieutenant m the U S Army Au Corps, according to word received here yesterday Williamson, now stationed at Randolph Field, Texas, was a membei of Alpha Gamma Bho social fiateinity, and Gimlet Club while attending school
EueryiMn^ for a College Education
DEAC’S
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUiN HIT&
Let's Find a Fight or a Darnel
IBW
mmu OLIVER JllNE fOAVIS (60INN(BlirR0Y) WILLIAMS RAV WALKER
— Plus Your Radio Film Favorite in a New Adventure 1
— COMING— KNUTE ROCKKE
LWUk
TODAY - SAT.
Hin
ummani
TODAY - SATUm]^IY''-it
are eA^cliisive (Jealers for the LEE MATS
in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See the new styles and* shades before yon h^iy your , new FALL HATS ^ J Prices $3. SO and up Km MAM ^
€UnilEtSllil»'IIIC«
UJlliWiJJW IMUIWM
if
VIHi-
ifUmi Fiitit WiM; liibaH m Pitt . ll^aigiaiifi^fe’uiyaejr Uglits the Jli^^ete3? gui#^aictf grin6il|r went thrdagh j;heir final paces before entraining for Pittsburgh, At^ltSCI ia ttie evening thirty-nine players left for Saturday’s thek t saqonrii n«H»o»itltepenEe oppoitent of the year. The entire squad was in top shape except for Alex Leugo
who is nursing an injured knee.
Meet t& Team prese^mg...
Morale was very high as tffite'it^arh)' eagerly awaitted their coming battle Vith the Panthers. Hoping to hand Mtji^^iS&'ffrst defeat at an opening day hOfne game in over twentythe entire squad practiced with determination. A brief pep sfession was held af the station, jqst before train time, and a throng of root6rs<’was present for the sendpff. g ^ I ^ ^ *i A light workohfe which lasted right up until dinner time was held night. ''Atr extended dlrmmjr .%btiifeihti^d^^^vaS'*al80 heid"'agalnet tht? fi-feKhmerr who rair plays from the Panthers’ formations. A short drill on pass defense took place, %nd the backs ^alsb ^Jhga^edr in'shaipening up their aerial' attttck. All punters went through a lengthy workout in which kicking out of bounds was emphasized. The place-kickers and drop-kickers likewise sought to improve their accuracy on both* fiel'd' goals' and on attempts for the extra point. The entire squad ate at the training table at 6:30 ahd thoSei making the trip left for the station at 7:00. The complete list of team membeis who embarked for Pitt are as follows: Andretich, Berto, Carter, feary, Chester, Combs, Cook, HeMaria, Ehrlich, French, Galvin, ijdaj^yk, Harris, Johnson, Kersey, kittg, Mm^ Le&g»,-'McCaffry, Meakldk Melton', Miller, O’Bryan, and Polity.,'i " ' -'tSthfers aiTe ‘‘Powers, Eossi, Png* gieri. Rush, Shimer, Smerke, Smock, Snydefl'lSprOwlf-Stoielting, Tihiperinan,*l^fiS',* Volkman, Warren, and
T
TTTT
CHIUDKEN'r DANCmG ... .CM^SSES.. BALi6r>. ’TAP lUNIOR BALLROOM ENROLL SAT., OCT^ 4JJi CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDmi? TO AGE t PHONE 2150 ^ r ABLlEN’S 6th and Ferry
Annual Interfraternily Cross-Country Rfin Neats The annual Interfraternity Cross'Gonatry Baia will start on the Intramural Field at the qhd of Fourth ^Ibreet at ^B520‘p. m. Tuesday, Oct. 21. As W^fuall iSidf'Va’ct!) i^iir’be run aspound the’ rntratnurai Fld’d' three times which is the equivalent of two and) one-half miles. A-ny- Fraternity" May Enter Any fraternity may enter four menf the first three of which will be OtotmtEsd in thfrfinal tahtflaflorts. The Winding fratebhltjsr’‘will^receive: Sk. large figure trophy and the individual members of the team will get medhis'.) . ' / All runners to run in the race are to report to’ the main lobby of the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m. Tuesday fOr numbers and instructions. All fraternities participating will receive 26 points if three of their'men. finish Walking or running. The list of those of the varsity men not eligible to compete in this race will be published later, w.h.c. Roger WWms Club To kear Ibv. tbiil 1 *• Rev. Hetman E. Hintoit of IndS" anapolis will conduct the services at the West Side Eaptist Church Sunday, Oct. 6, at 10:36 a. The Roger Williams Club is joining other ®hri4tiah orgaM^atifms* tHte^ obseivance of Worl'd Communion Sunday. The class period will be taught by Dean Pifeher at O’rSO a. A.' ^ A fifteen cent lunch will be served at 6:30 p. m., after which a fellowship hour will ha held. At 6:30 p. ra. Rev. HantomwilL speak, on. “Gan W.e Believe in Signs?” Rev. Hinton is a representaifive- df the Mmisteis and Missionaries^'Bhtiefit Board, and was for twelveyofers sKniissionary in Mandhlay^ Bdrma.
iidimitioa AHered By? FML Ji0haisoHvExBjMi«W:t Spoartsi EJditoir In a specially called meeting yesterday afternoon in Afbletfc Mreetor Mai ElWard?^ dflSce the: Purdue Athletic Council passed proposed amendment to raise golf to a majjor standt img^^Ti. the. PliBfhae campus., This action of the Council was in resfiftBsetD ApsetitibiipBreaeirtedlto that body last June signed by. the golf team, and 150 more students. The final vote was in favor of the- propesed; amepdhient. " > ■ - ■■ Varsity golf"will’ now stand on
llFiu,S(h(u>l
Keaedion. At Kiwanii
Bill PawUrs By Bob Krieger When'eVer MM' Elward decides to give right guard Tommy Melton a rest, the Boilermaker mentdr sends husky Bill Powers into the fi’ay, knowing-that the strength of the team will not be diminished one bit by this substitution. Bill, -^ho is 6 feet tall and tips the scales at 196 pounds, is entering his second year as a member of the Boilermaker varsity elevep. His career’ sufffered' a temporary setback last year when the injury jinx, in the foim of a broken ankle, claimed him as a victim. Thfa season findh him completely recovered and raring tb go. Prior to his* graduation frotn St. George High School in Evanston, Bill gained fame as a member of the track and football'^Ekai^ Unlike many other athletes, he^ not a bit superstitious. Foliowin* his graduation, ^ill intends to .^ansfer* Ifis 'lictiVity fhofn-^the gridiron to the field of civil engineering. When it comes to music, his fa’vorite ^bknd is’ DJck Jhirgen’s. Although Bill has no particular favorite movie actor or actress, he admits that he likes them all. He isi a, member of Delta Upsilon fra-
ternity. ‘
Sihce^ Bill is not affected by the draft} Mai Elward will have no worries, as as the light guaid spot in the Boilei maker line is concerned for at Eeafit two yeais. « ,
an equal basis withi the other eight major sports at Purdue, namel^, football', basketball, track, haSebMl, ^ wrestling, swimming, tennis, and cross country. The action, was taken
„ . , . „ , in accordance with the move started
Stressing the*importance ofipla^
gruumi^ recreation for school chil- Athletic dren, during the summer vai^tion ^(gaoeiation raised the* latter JRiur period} Ehner' BuiVHam, freshman mentioned to major propor-
football. coach; spoke to members of ^
the Lafa^e Kiwanis Club* at a Letter Requirements luncheon held:at LmcOlh Lodge yes- amendment also carried with terday. The addreds was one of a requirements which must be
'gtQUii of reports heard‘on the vmrk
of the- Clubt in. sponsoring play- this sport. In order to ^be awardground recrationaL activities during g «p, ^ tha past sununer- must win two Big Ten matches, and Dri M. G. F%asCh, chairman of a total of four matches for the scathe Kiwanis underprivileged' chil- son. Players who fail to meet this dreAs! committee, was in charge of requirement vrill be awarded- a “F’ the program. Guests included A. R. of lesser size. Killian> mayor* of Lafayette, Mrs. Yesterday’s action was taken aftIsabslle Spencer, J,,' CC Lyboult, Bert er the required two weeks’ publiLoeb, and George Wheeler, w.e.r, cation in the Exponent had elapsed - ' . V i . in accordance with the constitution. 0kt CriAnritC Estey,,chairman of the JtromCjt faculty athletic committee, V. C.. ” Freeman, assistant dean of the Ta lyf nnf *A| \itflrrAnf in school’of Agriculture*and a member fU Al T^KraORS'ilf of this same committee, and Pro- ” feSsor “Pop” Doan, representing When, the National* Acadfemy of Mai Elward}, were the faculty memSdiences meets at the University of bers present at the meeting also at-Wisconsin-for'its fall meeting, Oct. tendeiPBythe student members of 13'-15, approKimately 300 of the na- the organization. ^ tron’s. topi-ranking scientists will CjV*
disbuss Mid report on* their studies and research. These scientists represent; all oFthe physical and bio-
logical scienbea.
This* acadfeih^ was. foudided in
DM the* grand} showing of pep and enthusiasm shown la.st night by a grand: student body help the team? 'That remains to be sefett in the game afc Pittsburgh Saturdayi. But the sincere remarks by Ce-Captafnis Jim IiffillBE andi Tommy Melton jusfr before* the train pulled* out, “If there’s any fooiflbalii inr us* this is-certainly going to bring it ont,”" is certainly an indication, of the effects of the efforts of a loyal student hody.
• Cqii^ratulafions To Air Goffeis Our heariSest congfaatitdatibttS axe extended to the members of the gedf team and all others who were interested in raising golf to the standing of a majbr sport. The action of the PAG yesterday definitely decided the fate* of. the sport, putting it on,a.^asis with the eight major sports now in existence. We admit that we were not sure that this move was for the best,, although the merits of such a move are plainly seen. However, the decisions of the new* Athletic Council represent the will of the campus, and it will be the aiin of this column to make every effort to back the golf team' in any way we can under their new responsibilities.
• Lot To Work For The raising of any sport from a minor to major standmg throws a lot of responsibility on that sport and those who are responsible for its sucoessi It is-an announcement to the members of the conference and to all- future opponents of that sport that Purdue is willing to put their
team against the best.
If golf is to raise itself flora, the doldrums it has been in the past several years tor a. threatening contender, then it must have more aid from the University as well as a lot of hard work by the coaches and the'memhers of the sqpaJi Golf is a major sport now legally. Let’s all get behind it and make it major competitively.
Champaa WiItGhe UlRnuMMsffltriign Bowlmg fnstructions ^
Length Of OrriTGames
Sally 'rwyfoEd, world* cfa&ipion woman match bowler, will be on the campus toJmorrow and will give ffee instructions to coeds and faculty women between 7 andi 9 a.m. Miss Twyford is widely known
Chicago, 111., Oct. 1.—Opening
ForeiRl'ryc Pfa^nning Steak Firy Few Tuesday Members of the Forestry club are
as a bowling expert. As a part of football games last week for Westtomorrow’s program she will roll Conference and Notre Dame an exhibition match with R. Stuck- football teams gave no indication ey, manager of the Union bowling 1*^^^ 1941 substitution rule will
lengthen the playing time of col-
All coeds and faculty women are 1®S® football games in the Middle
urged to attend and take advan- West.
tage of this opportunity to receive The new rule permits a player to
1868, afidS'was proclaimfedt by PrCsi- holding their annual steak fry Tuesdent Lincoto as* the “keientifio ad- day. October 7, at 6 p.ra. at the Ross visor” fo. the* govertiment. The na- Campi Larry Schneider, president tional academy'is the only scientific ®f fhe clUb, has planned l^he* probody with official governmental gram iii which those attending will
participate in athlbtic events and
Progi-airr ©f 60. Papers singingl A charge of 26 cents will The program will consist of'about admit any forester who is a club 60 papers, a> dozen of which* Will he member, l.s. - i
presented hy younger Wisfeinsin scientists' who are not academy members, and about" 48’ papers by academy membersi Bach, miertfber of the academy is entitled to- present
a 16-minute pajpamemi-
free bowling instruction, d.h. IM Schedttle
FRESHliUBN TENNIS Friday, October 3
COURT
1 Zeffi vs Griner 2 Vriens vs Neisler
■9*
NTY OF I ^ PUNCH IN fexPONENT CLASSIFIED
ADS
sell^s, to&f ank found gets a deal when contact
mode thmugh tlia Exponents
Advertising l^e
Classified Column is a busy market place where a few ^ords
I
carry plenty oi ptmcb
Use the Classified Ads! React them regularly.
r
A
Exporat emssIfied AllVl
reenter the game an unlimited number of times and fears had been expressed that unlimited substitutions would result in a prolonga-
tion of the game. Six Games Observed
Six opening-day games were oh-
^."Dyyor^lXWer vs BUI Tyson s®rved for their elapsed time, in-
or Bob Martin Clfem vs Sines
Mitchell vs Kutsch Koch or Duesterbeig vs Gould or
Greider
Witsman vs Graybill D Long or Holtzman vs Robinson or
Daley
Olmsted vs Altheer Pavis vs Fawcett or Clark Hurt or Crofts vs Garber or Dial G R Witsman vs R Stallings Voth or Kreisle vs Gifford or Mc-
Campbell
SOFTBALL Friday, October 3
DIAMOND
1 lyard 24 vs Ward 23 2 Ward 8 vs Ward 14 3 Ward 10 vs Ward 11 4 Ward 22 vs Ward 28
6 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Chi
7 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi minutes observed at Conference
8 Theta Tau vs Delta Chi . man 9 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigme Nu games in 1940.
Pi Kappa Alpha vs Kappa Sigma Typical of the use of the substi-
Phi Gamma Delta vs Delta Upsilon ^
Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Phi tutions rule Were the Michigau-
Sigma Chi vs Triangle
eluding the intermission period betweei^ halves: Vanderbilt at Pardue, Detroit at Indiana, Michigan State at Michigan^ Missouri at Ohio State, Drake at Iowa, and Arizona at Notre Dame. Shortest elhpsed. time was that of the Van-derbilt-Purdue ^me, 2 hours and 12' minutes*, and longest the Drakelowa game, 2 hours and 43 min-
utes.
Average for those six games was 2 hours and 25 minutes, slightly under the average of 2 hours 27%
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Kappa Delta Rho
Cary HalJ 3 vs Cary Hall 6
Just Received a New Shipment of ^ "'Oar Famous “FfeLL.^WLL” CQAT
sg.98
This gabardine water repellant coat is a ’must” in every girl’s wardrobe. 'Wear it as a raincoat or a top coat. Concealed zipper fastening, two big patch pockets. In natural, aqua, powder blue and rdsa Sizes 10 to 20. "Pell MelT\sold exclusively at
Nothing to Do?
Alpha Tau Omega vs Alpha Gamma Michigan State game in which 107
substitutions were made and which went 2 hours and 26 minutes, and the Aiizona-Notre Dame game, in which theie weie 112 substitutions and which went 2 horns and
25 minutes.
Cl edit for pi eventing the prolongation of games under 1941 lules IS shared by the officials and the coaches. Officials have been instructed to observe closely the “25second rule” requiimg play to begin within 25 seconds after the ball IS placed for action by the leferee. H. 0. “Fiitz” Ciisler, Michigan coach and piesident of the American Football Coaches Association, has written Association members endorsing- the-substitutions rule and pointing out means for coaches to eliminate game diag by facilitating substitutions in every way. -i f f Bachelor'Si Haven
Rent a New
• The SiimJfe'lVfy Undoing Keys, of tbe Kingdom
• Bfory
• ^Bailee- or Berlin Time
• MenWorkii^ <#r StrWfiay
! IjOeaMinimiim' ? «<„
2i^ Floor
. . . announces the electien of the following officers: Russell A. L. Bain, Met. E. '42, president; Jack P. Comer; Ag. Chem., ’44, secretary; BSyron M. Radcliffe, For., ’43, viceaprosident.
KISSES Lacgei Ba96 25c Delicious Apples 5c
SO KAN»Y
JOIN THE ARMY!
. , At TOM'S on your night out* too. For-hearty food ... for ESPICIXlLY GOOD food ... and for especially good ice cream and good times!! TOM’S RESTAURANT 301 University Street
Ii f-3
H o'
t V j I *'
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# Oclojber 3# 1941
3 * f
Ag Students To Make Tour Of Soils, Crops Farm With Honorary
Daily Health Service Report
Hori Society
Noii
ices
All Girls Gnins Tliroiigli Rush! Compulsory mcelmi; Friday October B Faculty Lounse of Union —ADKINS
WAA Ward 11 party will meet Thmsday October I at 7 16 in the t,ym —FORD
. elected officers for the coming week last night at then regulai meeting in the Hoiticulture Build-
n n n n r 1, , mg Bill Schallhorn was chosen pres- WAA Tennis pracnces every Tuesday oeVoW 6 "GertTr^^’S D D Duiham, freshman aglicul- - . tt -n , J Inday Tournament schoduied in the Tournament will be nosted ture student M C Gantz lunioi ^ ® Fulmar, vice president, next two weeks Three pr«'il£S?„^Ilfnmee -Steiger"
’ ’ Virginia May Schell, secietaiy, E
B Young, treasuiei, and Gorden
Modern Dance Practices will be held on Scriveners Mcctinit? of all staff members Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 and Saturday October A at 1 p m in Union on Tuesday at 7 in the gym —SBRBAN office —JUSTIN
Senior Mechanical Engineers ‘ Those plahning to use University Placement Sejwice arc expected to attend one of the follow-* mg meetings in room 207 Of the Mc^apical Engineeimg Building at 4 p ni on Tuesday October 7, oif Wednesday, 8 —-BOUZ
WAA Teunis tournament bcBins Monday, Purdue Whoclmcii Picnic ride Saturday ^ D«'t® ®'’®"jP**"
^ Annual tour of the
Crops Faim, sponsored by the Agionomy department assisted by
physical education student, and J
J Staishak, freshman engineei, en- ,
Soils and St Elizabeth Hospital for lefreshment chaiiman
medical tieatment last Wednesday L P Jones, junioi mechanical
to participate
—STIGERWALD
Ceres, agionomy and geneial agii- engineer, enteied Home Hospital culture honorary, is scheduled foi medical tieatment R G 0’-
Foujidation Plans Fall 'Round'Llp' Saturday “Fall round up” of the Purdue
Repfistration Workers Students who worked for Military Dept during rogis tration may obt in pay checks in Supply Office of Armory —BROWN
Get three prafiticea in before October 4 to Wildc^it Creek Meet in front October 6 at 6
will be posted in of Executive Buildung at 8 p m Get your Union Election of pledges Klcgle, bring
STEIGERWAUD tickets befoie f p rn Friday from V Van secretary book derbiit Cary Hall AVest phono 8446 Ralph -
Roger Williams Club Please Jiote change Lueban or Iiank McCoy Alpha Chi Rho Hillcl rounaatlon
in Sunday evdnjng program
lunch at 6 80
Fifteen cent phone 6080 or Given Curry Wood Hall
Fellowship at 6 00 Discus phono 8413 All bicyclists are invited
VANDERBILT
—ARTMAN
Regular meeting at
Hillel House 12S Sheets Street with round table discussion at 6 o clock Sunday even-
ing Hot dinner will be served -r-UDEJS
All New Glee Club and Orchestra Men Contact music office immediately
—STEWART
Freshmen Engineers Seating assign ments for engineering lectures to be held
A n -F 1 — ^ ments lor engineering lociurea lu me iieiu this aiteinoon at 4 p m au iresn- Buen, freshman engineer, was dis- Chiistian Foundation will be given >u Fowler Hail are posted near the front men in agriculture aie especially ^haiged Tuesday from Home Hos- at the Foundation house, 131 South GoWon'shops*^ 'knapp
invited to attend
The Soils and Crops Faim is loeeted at the east edge of Lafayette Experimental work in cultivation practices and vaiieties is supei vised by the Experiment Station on this
tract
After meeting m fiont of Ag Hall at 4 pm students will be transported to the farm, wheie men of the extension department will ex plain the current trial plots Before returning to the campus, paitici pants of the tour will be seived with cider and doughnuts
pital after surgical tieatment
Judging Team Wins Second At Iowa
Grant, at 1 p m The gi oup will go to Camp Tecumseh and spend the afternoon at sports and other lecreation The price foi the affair is 30 cents and the group will return by 8 30 m J1
Physical Examiners Students who Worked giving physical examinations may got their checks at Student Health Service ^—MILLER
WAA Archery contest every evening at 4 Instruction will bo given on Tuesdays and Fridays , —JOHNSON
Classified
Ads
Modern Dance Club Practice Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m and Tuea day at 7 p m every week —SERBAN
Wanted Boy to work for meals Apply
112 W Wood
Selection Board
To Examine Students
Lost Gold ring set with five pearls
ward Call 8034
Student Typists Wanted Own typcwiit ers part time Call ro664 6 30 p p m
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes
Second place honois weic taken by the Univeisity student hoise judging team this week m a national contest held at Waterloo, Iowa, in connection with the National Belgian Horse Show The team, coached by Prof W W Smith, piled up a
#> I ■ n I points to the 2016
Navy Selection Board Chailes Sthmidt of LaPoite, a
iTiAmVim nf tbp Innal tpam wasiated rented repaired and purchased Mim memoei OI tne lOCai ream, was laieu po^jranh and multnrranh work done
second best individual judge of the contest, and his biothei, Robeit, was
third best Another team member, i.o^“"627 state'^st M J Peteison of Rochestei, tanked ,i J.1 X . Money to Loan on ai seventh Otheis on the team weie Alberts Loan Office p
in Naval Aviation Monday and Donald Blown of Battle Giaund, and Jcwelrs 407 Columbia St
Tuesday, Octobei 6 and 7, at any J 0, Dunbar of Lafayette, all memtime between 9 am and 4 pm beis of the team being seniois m
The board, composed of a line the School of Agiicultuie
officer and a medical officei, will Charles Schmidt also won the C answei any questions about enlist G Good tiophy foi being the best
judge of Belgian maxes g w b
Freshman Campers Meeting Saturday evening Oct 4 7 30 to 8 30 p m in the West Faculty Lounge All campers and counselors of the 1938 1339 and 1941 camps who are interested in planning a continuation program welcome —GRAVES
F A O Sophomore Workers Please see work schedule in office for number and work schedule —PFENNINGER
Silver Mask Important meeting for those interested in obtaining equipment and lock ers Tuesday Oct ( in room 303 of the Union at 7 30 p m _ —TOWER
cograph and multigraph work done
C J Ebershoff 606 Main Phone 2779 Lafayette
Naval Aviation Plight ^Selection Board will interview and examine all junioi^ and seniors inteiested
Wanted student to care for f irnacc for
rrcsltmcn Engineers Meet for Engineer ing Lectures on Saturday Oct 4 at 8 a m by schools Students whose names begin With A E (incl) lectuie room in Michael Coldcn Shops L LE (incI) Room 254 EP Bldg (second floor lecture room) LI R (incl) Room 129 EE Bllg and S 7 (incl) Room 201 CE Bldg —KNAPP
Lost Glasses between EE building and Armory Tuesday Sept 30 Tingley 8433
Military Junidrs Those who signed up for the Military Ball and are still interested should report to rcom 202 in the Armory Friday Oct 3 at 4 p m —BIBOS
For Rent Half of room for boy Twin beds reasonable 616 W Stadium
For Rent Luxuriously appointed room
C E 41 (Hydraulics) An examination for the removal of C and I grales will be held from 1 to 4 i m Sat ii day October 11 in room 12r Honvilon Hall Permission to take the examination must be obtained from
in new home for student or ii struefor with the undersigned prior to October )
merit in the service Any man, be tween the ages of 20 and 27, is eligible for naval service if he has completed the first two yeais of his
college couise 1 s
c ir Private bath shower garage—51643
-r W GREVE
Phi Mu Sorority
Tomorrow's Mixer Will Feature Gifts
For Rent Downs! iirs double room good he it one half block from Union cheap
Phone 31824
Lost EK soiority pm between little ton and campus Call Doiis Muth 2121
For Rent Single room very reasonable 226 West Lutz
Cokes and mixei tickets will lit eially shower from the ceiling duxing tomorrow evening’s mixer when Bob Barnes will play from 9 to 12 in both balliooms Concealed in bal loons suspended over the danceis will be complimentary mixer tick-
. ,ets and cards wortlr two cokes, Imt, James YY , ^AorriS sood at either the Sweet Shop or
the Grill The balloons will be re
announces the initiation of the following Billie Cochran, La fayette, Martha Pabst, Youngs town, Ohio, Irene Shuster, Fowler, Ind , Martha Lou Stewart, Wren
shall, Minn
foimer University student, has been promoted from 2nd to 1st Lt in the Army Air Corps Lt Morns, who is stationed at Cochian Field, Geoigia leceived his train ing at Kelly Field, Texas
leased at 10 15 Orchestia for the mixer will be Bob Barnes of Indiana University, featuiing Annabellc Alexandra, songstress Barnes played hcie at the Dad s Day mixer last November
In the Store or Where You Are Free Delivery
UNIVERSITY DUUU CO.
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. Hansell ’37
305 State Street
Phone 4094
HENRY POOR EUMRER CO.
Fhoiic 3083
Stylish
stouts
British character in shoes calEs for dis-
tinctive, sturdy groin leathers and thicic bottoms the year round. You'll like this freeman Favorite.
Mello Gram Calfskin Full Double Soles
A. B. C Shoe Co., Inc.
X-RAY 406 Main St. * Phone 2001
FiniiBr Tip Coats
All Wool $10.95 up Cord Reversible .... $6.98
PANTS
Senior and Grey Cords Moleskins Slide Rule Pockets
. $3.48 $3.98
Reliable Clothing Co.
224 Main St.
First Clothing Store Across Levee
Episcopal Students Corporate Communion at Saint John s Si nday Oct 6 at 8 a m Brcakft t and meeting of the Canterbury Club will follow bcrvices —THORNTON
Independents Buy your memberships at the P I A office or Sweet Shoppe at 4 5 30 pm any afternoon I all dance is I iiday October 3 —ELDER
In the Freshman, Sophomore^ Junior, Senior Classes more students will wear Crown Cleaned Clothes than any other kind.
@^ewRi Laumd^y
INE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
By
eo-
and
Drew Pearson
Robert 5. ^Allen
Jir OR a clear and true picture of the course of national affairs, look to The Washington Merry-Go-Round. You’ll find in this column of report and interpretation and character-sketch, the salient and simply put and untwisted facts you want to know. You’ll find out the who’s who back of the ballyhoo, the mterests underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. And you’ll find The Washington MeiTy-Go'4 Round
Daily in the
PUHDIJE EXPOIVEIVT
Subscription Rates $3.30per Year—$2.00per Semester