"’'.'■“Ir
t, i ....
iV: i' I*!'! '.""Vl ML:
No Finals Today
NoPaimr Tomonoiw
Z-1<5
Fouiidad In 18t9
Dally Sinca 1906
j/l
Jtkf.
Volume 52, No. ■28^
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 30, 1041
Name W. E. Volger Head Memorial Services Of Personnel Division; Set For 9:30 A.Al.
Will Succeed J. E. Walters New Director Comes From Oil Company At Albanyi New York
Cadet Officers Squad Places Wreath On Purdue's Grave
Wilfred E. Vogler, industrial relations manager at the So-cony-Vacuum Oil Company, Albany, New York, has been appointed to the position of director of personnel for the schools of engineering and science at the University according to an announcement made yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. Arm To Leave - -
President Edward C. Elliott will preside over the Memorial day services to be held this morning at 9:30 in Fowler Hall. The program will be opened with an organ prelude by Harry Irwin Metzger after which the invocation will be given by Rev. J. B. Gleason of West Side Baptist Church, ^ . Choir To Sing
Charles Linee Gives Public Golf Course Tract To University Tickets On Sale To Students, Faculty; Plan Improvements
Vogler succeeds Dr, J. E. Walters who resigned several months ago to take up a position in industrial personnel work. Walters is now vice president of Revere Brass and Copper, Inc. Professor David L. Arm has served since last July as acting personnel director. Professor Arm will go to Iowa State College to become head of mechanical engineering when Vogler takes up his dutips July 1. Vogler graduated from Moravian College in 1916. During the World War he served as a naval officer and has since been engaged in personnel work, for seven years as director of personnel at Lafayette College, and for the past fourteen years in the position he is now leaving to come to the University. In Charge Of Relations In his present post, Vogler has been in charge of employee-employ-er relationships, status and progress* of employees and similar matters. He is regarded as an outstanding man in the field of personnel work, r.l.h.
Mangold Beats Wells In Freshman-Varsity, All Campus Tennis Tilt
.From All Fronts.
Today's Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, lae
Graham (Suilty;Gets 10 Years For DU Job
James M. Graham was sentenced to serve ten years in the Indiana state penitentary yesterday morning by Judge W. L. Parkinson after a circuit court jury found him guilty of burglarizing the Delta Upsilon fraternity house in July, 1939. The sentence is the minimum for the offense; the maximum being twenty years.
Last Tuesday afternoon saw another intramural sport winding up it’s spring session. By a strange coincidence Tom Mangold and Edward Wells reached the finals in the AllCampus -Tennis tourney and the Freshman - Varsity tilts; so naturally they settled it all with one match. Mangold was the winner in this doubly dedteive tilt and to him go the keys, medals and numerals for both of his “victories.” Earlier, in the interfraternity frays, he had won the singles matches for Alpha Tau Omega by defeating Gardner of Phi Tau Epsilon in the fihals. His team-m^tes then woh the doubles matches in the “B” league by downing the Triangle two-some. Sigma Pi defeated Theta Chi to become the new “A” league champions in the doubles. This boy Mangold deserves a lot of credit for his record during the past inttamural net season. Altogether, he came out victorious in thtee separate and distinct tournaments.
• 'FDR Like Lincoln' According to word received from London, the British press and populace are said to be gteatly heartehed by President Roosevelt’s recent speech. All Londoh papers carried fujl accounts of Mr. RooSe'^lt’s text and one journal likened the President td Lincoln and said he had “cast all doubt and hesitation behind him.”
• Ways To Bomb US Helen Kirkpatrick cables from London that the British are showing four ways through which the Nazis could bomb the United States. They list them as (1) by direct flights (2) by indirect flights from Norway, by way of Greenland, and from France and Portugal by way of the Azores (3) by planes catapulted from ships and (4) aircraft carriers.
Chinese Students Honor Nine Graduates At Dinner
Dt. Hume Of English Sfaff Honored In Stanford Book Dr. Robert A. Hume, of the University Department of English, has been honored by the recent publication of one of his articles, “Henry Adam’s Quest for Certainty,” in a volume edited by Professor Hardin Craig, distinguished American scholar. The volume, entitled “Stanford Studies in Language and Literature,” was issued in commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the founding of Stanford.University.
At a banquet at the Nu China Restaurant last Saturday evening, members of the Chinese Students’Club honored those members of the organization who are graduating next month. Of the nine Chinese students graduating, one is a Civil Engineer, four ate Electrical Engineers, i4nd the other four are Mechanical Engineers. Although these men comprise almost half of the Chinese enrollment at the University, it is expected that next year will see as many new students replacing them, p.g.s.
• Raids Anger French The Vichy government is aroused because of British raids and may fight back says Paul Ghali in a dispatch from the seat of Marshall Petain’s government. It is also thought that the French would request -permission for a military air force from Germany for retaliation. One of the attacks took place in the form of an air raid on the Tunisian harbor of Sfax. * * * • Avert'Chinese War A. T. Steele wires from Chunking that the majority in China are attemting to avert a civil war. He claims that only a small number of militarists and politicians are trying to perpetrate the threatened war.
Building No. 2 Houses Resumee Of Applied Design Course Work
Triangle
By Art Hunter Home Economics Building No. 2 is now housing a cpmplete resumee of the year’s work in the Applied Design department under the direction of Prof. Schantz-Hansen. Here, one may examine everything from decorated boxes and bowls of the freshmen to the pottery work of the advanced students. This collection will also be on display during the 4-H Round-up. Poster Problem Display On display is the final poster problem of the freshmen girls and in this exhibit can be found many of the posters constructed for the WAA contest. Connected with this exhibit are the freshman lettering problems, on which a selected poem, quotation, or menu is printed. Part of the last test in the course is also on display, consisting of a discussion of the basic design of a selection of pottery ob-
jects from the dime store. In another room, the sophomore girls are exhibiting their work in the costume illustration course. Here can be found tracings of original Chinese patterns with dresses designed to correspond to them and designs in the patriotic theme along with dresses designed with certain materials and figure faults in mind.
Water Color Extubit
Another Applied Design course has on exhibit some large water color and charcoal landscapes, designed in the pictorial composition. Some soap sculpturing work was" completed for the first time this year, apd the three dimensional Ivory soap forms are now on exhibit in a special case. Jewelry worked from silver into Indian designs, student’s initials, bracelets, and a multitude of other objects can also
JS J Ji 1.
be found on\display. a.p.h.
Notice
Candidates for bachelor’s degrees, whp fail to complete the requirements for graduation in June, may, if they desire, attend the Commencement Exercis^. They march in the procession in a special group with the candidates of August, J941 (not with their own class). C. r and gowns are required. Such persons must give notice of their intentions at the Registrar’s ofiice on or before Saturday, June 7. They may receive two tickets for the use qf their, friends, if they have not already received tickets upon payment of the diploma fee. ' Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
Professor C. K, Ganong will give the address of the morning, “The Threat of False Ideals.” The concert choir under the direction of A1 Stewart will then present “Sing A While Longer.” Dean Fisher will read the necrology and a squad of cadet officers will place a wreath at the foot of the memorial tablet in the Union, as a twenty-one gun salute is given and taps are blown. Raise' Colors After the benediction and an organ postlude, the audience led by President Elliott with a military escort, will gather at John Purdue’s grave where a \^eath will be placed and the colors raised. The service will be closed by Dr. Elliott with a Memorial tribute. The program is open to everyone desiring to attend, t.b.n.
Linee Fields, commonly called the public ■golf course, has been given to the Ross-Ade Foundation, it was announced yesterday by R. B. Stewart, secretary-treasurer of the Foundation. Charles F. Linee, who has made the grant, has already deeded the property to the Foundation, subject to arrangements whereby Linee will continue the management and operation of the course as he has in the past with facilities open to the general public.
4-li Members To Meet On Campus Next Week For Annual Round-up
DeanM. L Matthews Returns From Health I \ Meetings At Capital
• Speech Annoys Nazis . Reports from Berlin indicate that prominent Nazis feel that President Roosevelt’s spediih of Tuesday night is an attempt to “villify our^ nation.” The text of the President’s speech is still a secret to the German people.
Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics and Lois Oberhelman, nutritionist on the home economics extension staff, returned yesterday from a nutrition conference at Washington, D. C., called by Paul V. McNutt, federal security administrator in charge of the home defense program. National health problems were discussed by several noted authorities at the conference which held sessions from Monday until Wednesday evening. Several Indiana state officials and social workers were also present at the meeting. r.l.h.
Final arrangements have been completed for the annual 4-H Club round-up to be held on the campus from June 9-11. More than 1,000 4-H boys and girls are expected to attend. Contests will be held in crop judging, poultry and egg judging, livestock judging, and insect identification. .In addition to the contests planned, there will be talks on important topics. On the evening of June 9, Dr. Z. M. Smith of the imiversity, state 4-H club leader, will address the club visitors on “4-H Clubs— Democracy in Action.” Other talks will be made by Dr. C. C. Smith of Chicago on “American Citizenship” and Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the student health service, on “Health is our Heritage.” Besides the contests and scheduled sessions, the club youngsters will have an opportunity to swim in the Purdue Pool, inspect the exhibits in the various buildings and become acquainted with hundreds of club members from all over the state and the faculty, h.g.d.
For Public Benefit The gift is expressive of Linee’s desire to leave the property for the benefit of the general public, but more especially for University students, faculty and employees. The golf course is a short distance north of the main Ross-Ade Foundation property on which is situated the football stadium, tennis courts, and base ball field. It lies on the boundary line of West Lafayette along U. S. Highway 52, commonly known as Northwestern Avenue. Tickets At Discount Tickets good for play on the course are being sold by the University to students, faculty, guests and employees at a discount. They may be purchased in the Union, at the Fieldhouse, and in the Women’s and Men’s Residence Halls. Tickets may be on sale at fraternity houses later. Linee has planned many improvements to better the facilities already offered on the grounds from year to year since the course was started in 1930. Stewart praised Linee’s gift and pointed out that it would make a highly valuable addition to the recreational facilities of^the University not only for the present but for years to come, r.w.b.
Examination Schedule For Tomorrow
Period
Day Date
Time
11
Sat. May 31
8-11
Course
12
Sat. May 31'
1-4
115 - -
Course
Division
Period
125
Agricultural Engineering
126
21
12
12
105 .
12
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of R. M. Whitely, Dayton, O., and R. B. Farrar, North Liberty.
21 22
102 105.
31 51
123
A 12
Agronomy
All Animal Husbandry All Applied Design A Applied Mechanics . L-N E-F A B
Biology"
All A A Chemical Engineering
0 A 0 A, B
Chemistry
2 AG-AO
lib 128....
5.. 6 16.. 17.. 19.. 20.. 23.. 42.. 151.. 190..
Division A . ..
.. A
A
Education
B A Electrical Engineering B A A C A, B
Period .. .12 12 12
103....
-12
.12 .12
.12 .12 .12 .12 .12
13.
14.
103. 107. 130.
™..12
12 12 12 ........12 12
.A, C-F 12
.12 .12
11
22.. 24L. 30.... 106 124 128 182 246
All 11 .B 11 ,.A-D, N, 0 12
1.. 35.. ?!.. 46.. 109.. 116.. 121..
.12 .12 .12 .12 .12 .12 .12 .12
.12 .12 .11 .Ig .12
8 101.
41. 191.
2. 29.. 31.
Civil Engineering All A Clothing and Textiles C B A Economies
1. 23. 132-
..12 ..12
.12 .12 .12
1... 12....
.12 ..12
16 36
104...... 110
Course
128
A A A .....A
English
M-0 , K, L F R A A A D, E Farm Management A A Foods and Nutrition .B, I A A
Forestry
A 11
General Engineering
A 11 .Y 11 C : 12 C ..™12
Division Period A 12
.12 .12
...12 ...12 ...12
Geology
A Government
10 A-E, K-0 JL2
History
B E All A 3 A Horticulture
21.. „...- JUl .11 Institution Management 36 All 11 142 ,.A 12
Mathematics
3- F-I 12 4. jI-H A2 106 Ji „12 107. —A 12 162 Ji : 12 Mechanical Engineering 63 JD 12 70 J) 12 »1 ....... A ...J 12 Metallurgical Engineering 44.. ....— A 11 m .G .12
Modern Languages 2t A 22 .A.... 24. .C 42. -A 62 B 3, C
62.. ...—.......—.Jit.... ^ Pharmaceutical Chemteilry
118,— Ji..... 12
Physical Education Ear Bfeil
42.. .....................Jk
(Continued on page 2)
.12 .12 -12 .12
.02 ^....,12
02
I
‘If Xl
f
ISfiacfA. 2~£diiiL
Friday, May 30, 1941
(PjuAduJL £xf3i)nsinL
JustJ'lDibjom
Explaining the situation between the church and the state as it affected the rise of the dictators in Europe. i x> * * .“In Europe most of the choice south 40’s belong to the local deacon. The status of this property being tax exempt affords the deacon a good loud guffaw at the big shots up at the county seat. These boys, prompted by the green eyed snake in the lily pads and a lust for acquiring some good first drain bottom land, fight back through confiscation. Being denied the use of clause 77-B (2% off 10 net 60) this action is necessary. Your move, parson. * The good deacon, being unable to raise anything but a few ankle top shoe buttons in the Sabbath roundup is helpless against these city shysters. But like all good-time Charlies these boys couldn’t stand prosperity and started to quibble, and pretty soon there were so many kibitzers in the government crap game that it was essential that the biggest bozo take over. * * * And that, my dear radio friends, brought about the boys like Adolph, Benny and Uncle Joe. But that isn’t the entire low • down behind the sensational rise of our boy Benny into power. Seems that way back in ’22 the sons of Italy were more confused than a bunch of Brooklyn fans after losing a game to the Giants. In the midst of all this muddle Our Boy Benny who at the time was filling in for a local school marm, and editing a weekly rag on the side, decided that enough was too much and that he was just the guy to take over. Grabbing a two bit surf board as a platform he rode into power on -a tide of Public opinion leading his hoys of Spaghetti eaters local 409 behind him. Milton Bacon ... of station WCKY, Cincinnati, will honor the University in a special fifteen minute broadcast tomorrow night from 8 to 8:15 o'clock. Central Standard Time.
TODAY - SATURDAY -DOUBLE FEATURE-
For the longest, loudest laughs on land or sea or screen!
MARJORIE RAMBEAU-ALAN HALE JANEWYMAN-RONALD REAGAN PLUS ^
n BE a incHHis kduler • ••or file.Innocent l^ciim of a Miinler Plot?
A OtrUhr that vrW k»»p you guuMinff horn Mart to AaithI
ywHo I IS OUILTY?
m BEN LYON w BARBARA BLAIR
Final Exams ASME
(Continued from page 1) Course Division Period Physical Education For Women 193 A 12 Physics Ic B 12 2 W, X, AC, AD ..12 22 W, X, AC, AD ..12 Psychology 3 B 12 Sociology 76 B 12 180 A 12 Speech 14 0-R, W, Z 12 140 .- A 12 Wesley Foundation Holds Varied Week-End Activity Wesley Foundation will hold its annual Camp Tecumseh picnic today. Groups will leave the Foundation house at 1 and 4 o’clock. The program will include recreation, a steak roast and a campfire service to consecrate the new officers. A charge of 25 cents for supper and 15 cents for transportation will be made, Tomorrow night a lawn party will be held on the Foundation lawn from 7 till 9 o’clock. Entertainment will consist of songs by Ruth Custer and duets by “Packy” Abshier and Luther Cree. A charge of ten cents will be made for the refreshments of strawberry or chocolate sundaes with cake. k.r.
. . . Central Indiana Section, will hold an all day outing at Forest Park in Noblesville next Saturday,, June 7. A number of faculty members of the University are expected to attend. Staff member H. A. Bolz is on the committee for recreation.
MoAues of their “cotton-coated wooly” sheep were made by University of Wyoming authorities.
Classified Ads
Typewriters and addins machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.75 to $69.60. Ogice supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. P. EbershoH, 605 Main St. Phone, 2779. Wantsd: Passenger for State College, Pa. Leaving June 9. See E. Mackay, Biology Bldg. 113.
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— WITH — RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
PLUS
'Mysterious Dr. Satan" Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
roe MORE SOMMER LEISURE Let Us Take Care of Your Linen Supply — ON A RENTAL BASIS— WHY BUY — WE SUPPLY
PHONE 2000 FOR ROUTEMAN
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Notices
Camera Club Exhibitors: Get your Gala Week prints at the Student" Union office. —TOWLE AH Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all sheet music that belongs to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON.
GE no Removal of Conditions: Examinations for removal of C grades in GE 110 may be taken during any of the three regular final examination periods: 1 to 4 p. m. Tuesday, May<»27, Wednesday, May 28, or Saturday, May 31 in room 201 of the Golden Shops. Bring properly approved permits. —ROGERS.
All Juniors: Applications for the Summer or Fall term of the Marriage Course shpuld be made by letter to Mr. H. E.
LgHA TODAY-SAT.—2 HITS
spectacularTHRILLS and LAUGHS
SPf N({R TRAC
PLUS— 2ND HIT—
GANGLAND'S KING OF THE UNDERWORLD!
LAFAYETTE Starts SUNDAY
A FRANK
ODUCTfON
TOU /VWWVVVW TO
'witk
EDWARD ARNOLD WALTER BRENNAN SPRING BYlNGTONeJAHES GtBAS0N*GBNB LOCKHART Sert^n Ptay br ROBERT RISKIN DineUd by FRANK CAPRA Fmluced at WARNER BROS. STUDIO DiuHIxited tor ViMcnpli, be.
Lmmmmmmummv
Wilkening before June ,4. Kindly include your name, address, phone number, and term applied for. ^ • —WILKENING. Junior Military Students: Check your boxes prior to June 2. —VANDERFORD.
PEW: Lockers must be turned in by June 7 if $1 refund is desired. Clothing ami equipment left in lockers after that date will be confiscated. —HAZELTON.
Purdue Outing ,Clnb: A "relaxation hike” will be held Saturday afternoon, May 81, with opportunities for swimming, boating, games and hiking. A picnic lunch will be served. For reservations please call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker, 36462 before Friday evening. May 30. Meet promptly at 4 :80 in front of Smith Hall on State street. Everyone is welcome. —PARKER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Notice to the last pledge class your membership certificates are in. See Bob Cartmell, 108 E. Cary Hall South at once. (6-2) —SIGLER.
Eta Kappa Nu: No plaques available this year. Interested members may purchase them next year. —POER.
POM_M: Members of firing battery for Memorial Day salute report in front of Fowler Hall at 9 a. m. on Memorial Day, Friday, May 30. —BUSHNELL.
AH Senior Engineers Accepting Navy Commissions: There will be a rehearsal at 2 o’clock Sunday, June 1, at the Music Hall of the ceremony of awarding commissions at graduation. Those not planning to accept commissions please notify Prof. Hockema immediately. . —DELAPLANE.
Exponent Staff: Schedules for work during finals are posted in office. Please look up your work nights at once. , —RUFFNER.
$
CASH
$
for Your
USED BOOKS ^ and DRAWING INSTRUMENTS We pay 50% in CASH for books in good condition, which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on all other books, whether used at Purdue or not. University Book Store M. C. "Red SAMMONS, ’29 . R. W. "Doc” EPPLE, ’40 Across form the Union Building, Next to the College Inn
SATURDAY ONE DAY ONLY
(Speaker) SENATOR LEWIS Topics of the Day
STEVENS BROS. & BIG BOY 4 Men and a 600 lb. Bear 3 MUSICAL MOODS ' Lovely Girl Harmony Trio
DON ALVIDA Dance Specialist
8—CASANAIRES—8 Dance Exponents
ON THE SCREEN
THRILL-ROMANCE OF A GANGSTER AND A COUNTRY GIRL!
ADMISSION
AM Seats IScIncl.Tax 12:00 to 2:00 p. m. — LAST TIMES TODAY-
2:00 p. m, to Closing Main Floor 44e Incl. Tav Balcony .. > 33e Incl. Tax Children iSe All Day — COME EARLY — St-age Shows at—• 2:00 - 4:40 - 7:20- 10:00 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 10:00(pivulm ^xfoomni
Friday, May 30, 1941
i-
“* I I
Personnel Notes Additional information regarding the notifce in the May 28 Exponent concerning summer employment with the Stacy Brothers Gas Construction Co,, of Cincinnati. Students "desiring jobs must report to either Prof. Bindley or Prof. Heidergott in the University welding laboratory, for two tests outlined by Stacy Brothers. Ma,terial is expected at the Stacy Brothers plant about the fourth week in June. The welding job will last about eight weeks, seven days per week, and eight hours and three shifts per day. Time and one half will be paid for Saturdays and Sunday. The rate is expected to be about 70 cents. Interested students may still apply.
thepurdueexponent Nine FBCultyMcnTalk Three FofniefSfutlfii'h FiddhouseToStay
Compile Flying School Open This Summer
Editor-in-Chief News Editor Bnsiness Manager .
.N. A. Ochiltree .. J. L. Traugott .. D. S. Powers
' Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, aur thoriedz January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N, Y.
Night Editor: Kieper; Issue Editor: Mills; Day Editor: Fox; Night Sports Editor: Kcclcr* staff: R. L. Hadley, R. "W. Boswinkle, A. P. Hunter, M. J. Schneider, F. I. Jones, P. G. Smith, K. G. Roquemore and T. B. Novey.
Erhard Jaeger, son of a Harvard professor, who formerly served-in the German army, has become a trainee in the United States airniy.
RIGHT AFTER
Nine members of the University faculty are scheduled to speak at the 49th annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education at the University of Michigan, June 23 to 27. Speakers Those scheduled to speak include Dean of Engineering A, A. Potter, Professors C. W. Beese, R. C. Binder, J, C. Lottes, P. C. Rutledge, Justus Rising, W. Z. Luzzader and R. N, Shreve of the engineering faculty and Dr. H. L, Creek of the English department. Dean Potter, past president of the society will discuss “Defense Training.” Beese will speak on “Safety in College Shops”; Binder, “The Role of Fluid Machines and. Devices in Connection with Fluid Mechanics Instruction”; Rutledge, “Teaching Methods of Soil Mechanics”; Shreve and Lottes, “Chemistry of .Engineering Materials”; Lazzader, “Teaching Aids”; Rising, “Drafting Room Aids” and Dr. Creek, “Teaching Freshman English.” • Following ’the meeting at Ann
Three former local students are among the 330 Flying Cadets who are graduating tomorrow from the Basic Flying School at Randolph Field, Texas. They are; Russell Cassity, Spiceland, ’40, Sigma Pi; Philip D. Freeman, South Bendy •’40, B. S., Delta Upsilon; and Blaine K. Wiesner, Dayton, Ohio, ’39, B. S., Lambda Chi Alpha. These men entered the South Texas Basic Training School in late March after having completed ten weeks of primary training at midwestern training schools. They leave this week for their final period of training, f.w.b. Caroline Hedrick ... former University student, and Bob Cooley, Ag ‘39 will be married Sunday, at 2:30 o’clock in the University Church. A reception will follow the wedding in the West faculty lounge of the Union.
Arbor, there will be a five-day conference at the University on mechanical engineering instruction. r.Lh.
According to word received from “Chief” Clevett of the' Intramural Office, the Fieldhouse will be open during the summer session from the hours of eight in the morning to five in the afternoon. The pool will be available to men students from 10 a. m. to 12 noon and from 2 p. m. to 5 p. m. Each evening from 7:30 to 9:00 p. m. the pool will be open for mixed swimming and at that time townspeople, as well as University students, are "welcome to s"wim. Life guards for the pool will be needed for the summer, according to" Clevett, and anyone interested may inquire at the Intramural Office. Tuesday, June lO, is the opening day for the new fieldhouse hoursy but the lifeguards "will also be needed during the week starting this coming Monday. •
All Men Students Locker holders in the Fieldhouse must check in before June 7 in order to claim their $1.00 deposit. Lockers will be cleaned out and contents destroyed after that date.
THIS IS THE
COMMENCE GOING
GREYHOUND
• There’s one thing ’most everybody learns in college—you can go more places for less money , by Greyhound! And the time to put ^at learnin’ into practice is the day you leave college—whether you’re headed for home, away somewhere on a summer vacation, or off to a new job in far parts. Don’t walk, run— to the nearest Super-Coach to start saving money every mile you travel. In other words, graduate to Greyhound!
Union Bus Station 5th and Ferry Sts« Phone 2105
Sample One Way
Fares
Chicago, III. 2.10
Hammond, Ind.....
2.10
Louisville, Ky.......
3.10
Cincinnati, 0.......
2.90
Columbus, O.......
3.80
Pittsburgh, Pa
6.40
Phila., Pa
11.40
New York, N. Y...
12.65
Washington, D.C.
10.65
Memphis, Tenn...
7.65
Minneapolis, Minn.
7.80
Kansas City, Mo...
8.85
Cleveland, O.
5.40
Detroit, Mich..
4.60
S^OIT
YOU EVER WORE
IF
you re keeping fit...pause and
il
THIS IS THE
SUIT YOU IYER WORE , Ts... , -n
u
ac
re SAME SUIT!
'19"
There's something about Coca-Cola,-^ Ice-cold,—that stops thirst in its tracks. Its delightful taste brings you the experience of complete thirst satisfaction. So v/hen yoii pause throughout the day, make it f/ie pauSe that refreshes with ice-cold Coca-Cola.
Geisler's Tropicals are tailored and styled as perfectly as your regularweight. But, are 36% thinner, and weigh only .39 ounces. Hold one up to the light. See these famous 12-milion "open windows" that let cool air in and body heat out. Our low prices are made possible by our very large volume which enables us to take less mark-up thus' giving you great savings. Thousands of men keep smartly cool in these fine tropicals. Why don't you? We have your favorite model in your size.
YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY
Bottled under authority of The CocayCola Company by * COGA-COLA BOTTLING CO., Inc. Phone 4937 Lafayette, I nd. Cor. 6th & Salem
«ALL WOOL
Jha
by Phil Johnson • Finals Conflicf For the first time in a great many years there will be no Boilermaker trackmen competing in the Big State Track Meet which will be held at Bloomington Saturday afternoon. The reason? Conflict with finals. It all began when the Big Ten meet was moved up two weeks from May 30 and 31 to May 16 and 17, the original date of the Indiana State Meet. The Big State Meet could not be moved to the 24th because that date was reserved for the Little State meet in which many of the colleges that participate in the larger affair are members. So the only alternative was May 31, in the midst of Boilermaker finals. • / * ■ i! . * • Phillips Tried, But. . . When this change was made Coach Herman Phillips immediately approached the Indiana authorities with the proposition that the meet be moved up one day, to Memorial Day, in order that his team could enter. The proposal-was met very coldly by the Hoosier officials, so coldly that it was flatly dropped. So the Boilermakers will remain at hornet taking finals while the Hoosiers and the Irish fight it out for the championship. There would be a few members of the team who would be able to make the trip, but Coach Phillips is naturally un-will-ing to take a small band to the meet with the strong possibility that one of the smaller schools might collect more points than they. • Hoosiers May Suffer Last year’s champion Notre Dame team should now retain their title. Were the Boilermakers able to attend they would probably take enough places in the events in which the Irish base their strength that Indiana would be able to wrest the crown. • Quite Successful With the competition in the state meet definitely put, the track season is now at a close. Coach Phillips led the track team through one of the most successful seasons in the history of track at the University.^ Besides competing in all of the better intercollegiate meets held in the mid-west, the team compiled the impressive record of five wins and one loss in six indoor and outdoor dual meets. This included wins oyer Illinois, Michigan State, Butler, and Chicago twice. The only defeat -was a two point loss to Indiana in an indoor meet. In fact, the tracksters have lost only a pair of dual nfeets during the past two years of competition. JeairHagemeyerWins WAA Poster Contest
Jean Hagemeyer, Sci. ’44, was named winner of the WAA poster contest yesterday by a committee of student-faculty "judges. Lucy Ann Johnson took second place. The first two prizes were $2.50 and $1.50, respectively. WAA memberships were awarded to Mary Katherine Gee and Margaret Young, who rated honorable mention. Posters were submitted in the contest by members of the Applied Design 51 class and were about WAA activyities. Judgps were Prof. Laurent2sa Schantz - Hansen, Miss Margaret Culver, Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, Miss Helen B. Knight, and Shirley Johnson, WAA representative, w.e.r.
Then send your baggage to ye old homestead by Railway Express and take your train with peace of mind. We call and deliver at no rxtra charge within o»r regular vehicle limits in all cities and, principal towns. Service is fest, economical—and sure as fliootinq Just phone AOBKCV ISC. NATiON.WII>E RAti.AllK SIRVICE
^ V'it'r
fia0A, 4 - dei
Friday, May 30, 1941
pjuMduUL ^xpoi^M,
tl\HN.V^lMi\.\JU^tu»V
T. fir R. OIL CO. 259 State St. Bonded Gas and OH LODDE JEWELRY QualH'y Jewelry THE foster SHOP Records and Gifts
All the world reveres a hero—and who could be more heroic than those who have risked life and limb with no thought of personal gain in the unending struggle for liberty and peace It is to these men, living and dead, that we pay homage today in fitting commemoration—it is to these men that we dedicate this page—a simple tribute to heir sacrifice—a sincere symbol of our gratefullness. War is horrible. Its barbarism is fruitless and futile. Yet it seems inevitable to gain that permanent peace to which civilization has so often pledged itself.
f/
It takes courage to maintain such a viewpoint-^it takes triple courage to literally go forth in bade. In today’s world of strife and turmoil ■—in the struggle to maintain freedom and reason, we are exceedingly mindful of our debt to the Service Men of Lafayette for the deeds of yesterday, today and tomorrow. To each and every one of you we pledge the sincere allegiance and loyalty of grateful citizens. You have our deepest and most profound esteem and thanks. To a man "you are framed with firm truth of valor.”
NORTH STAR COAL CO. 308 Brown St. COAL —COKE Haywood Publishing Co. Engraved Wedding Invitations and Announcements BOSSUNG 221 State St. Shoe Rebuilder MITZI CAFE 213 Northwestern Ave. Sandwiches and Lunch
WEST SIDE GRILL 345 State St. Hamburgers, Malts & Shakes McLEAN MUSIC CO. 514>AainSt. Everything Musical DEAC Everything for a College Education SOUTHWORTH'S Used Books Records and Gifts
Peter Anderson Garage 525 Alabama St. REPAIRS AND AUTO PARTS 7 ■ . ■ University Book Store All Kinds of College Supplies . EDGERTON HARDWARE Seeds and Lawn Supplies A. B. C. SHOE CO., INC. 406 Main St. Fine Shoes
DRIVE IN GREEN GABLES Sandwiches DECKER'S, Inc. 518-20 Main St. Phone 5036 CARL'S 332 Main St. Beautiful Shoes and Accessories CLARK FLORAL CO. 527 Main St. Flowers for All Occasions