Ik.
Beat Northwestern — JhjL QLdto/Uf^ £sdL! — Beat Northwestern Purdue A Exponent
Volume 5L No. 53
Friday, November 10, 1939
'What About NU Game?' Industry Queries Seniors
By Don Terrio
Chicago, Nov. 9—Chemical and metallurgical engineering seniors converged on Chicago Monday with a full week of trips to various industrial plants scheduled for them. They found not only steel companies, oil companies, and soap companies, but also a strong interest in Saturday’s football game. “What will Purdue do against Northwestern Saturday?” plant workmen and trip guides constantly questioned the seniors. The other engineering groups “■■■■■■"“ ■ '
have now reached Chicago, and the addition of several hundred more men to the 130 originally in town has intensified the “Beat Northwestern” cry. If the Wildcats are finally hitting the victory stride, as grid dopesters have predicted, it will be up to Purdue to stop them. Seniors See “Hamlet” “The Play’s the Thing,” says Maurice Evans across the footlights of the Grand Opera House as he plays “Hamlet” every evening. His words are echoed back in kind by those men who have already seen the play. This full-length version of “Hamlet” starts at 7:30 and the final curtain" does not di^op until 11:30. Although the play is unusually long, an hour longer than a Purdue final, it has been very well received by the inspecting group. “Hamlet” will close on November 20, and a full house is expected after the Northwestern game. At night spots in the evening, Purdue engineers have found occasional groups of Northwestern students who have strayed from the Evanston campus. The verbal fireworks which have followed some of these meetings have been most in-
teresting.
Radio programs, the man in the street, and the press are all pointing toward the battle with Northwestern. Purdue has not had too successful a season to date, but several hundred seniors in Chicago are counting on a victory Saturday. Beat Northwestern! Piano Duo Closes 2 Day Convocation At Union Reception Playing before a capacity crowd of freshmen and seniors in Memorial Gymnasium last night, Vitya Vronsky and Victor Babin, duo piano team, closed their two-day concert engagement on the campus. The program presented last night was a duplicate of the one heard by “first nighters” Wednesday. Received with the same enthusiasm as they were in their first engagement, the team presented their repertoire in a manner equal to that of their first engagement, the only real difference coming as a result of an unremoved piano cover. After the concert a reception was held in the great hall of the Union, students and townspeople meeting the artists. At the conclusion of the reception Vronsky-Babin and their Union host^ adjourned to the Sweet Shop, where at the request of Mme. Babin jitterbugs put on a demonstration of their art. Beat Northwestern! Band Will Travel
Rey. A. J. Muste
. . minister of Labor Temple Church of New York City, is to be one of the outstanding speakers to be heard on the campus during Religious Emphasis Week which starts tomorrow. Rev. Muste will speak in the Central Presbyterian Church for the morning service on Sunday, November 12. Beat Northwestern! Speakers To Plan Religious Program At Dalton Retreat Tomorrow at 4 p. m. Religious Emphasis Week speakers and the Committee of 100 will meet for the first time at a retreat in the Methodist Church of Dalton outside Lafayette. The formal opening of the week’s program is scheduled at 7:30 Sunday night in Fowler Hall, when Dr. Albert Palmer, president of the Chicago Theological Seminary, will speak on “Religion of an Educated Man.” The purpose of the retreat is for the committee to become acquainted with the speakers and discuss with them the plans for the coming week. After supper a worship service led by the spiritual preparations committee will conclude the day’s activities. Free transportation facilities have been arranged and all those desiring rides are asked to meet on Main street between the Methodist and Baptist churches at 3:30 tomorrow afternbon. Beat Northwestern! Richard Carpenter Will Present Recital
lo Wildcat Game I" Union Sunday
University’s All-American Military Band of 160 pieces will go to Evanston, 111., tomorrow where they will perform between halves of the Purdue-Northwestem football tilt. Traveling in five special busses, the group will lay over at Roby for lunch. The return trip will begin at midnight after a banquet scheduled for the Morrison Hotel following the game. ^ Purdue’s giant bass drum, the largest in the world, now refinished and placed on a truck, will be taken to the game and used in the between halves maneuvers, Director P. S. Emrick announced. The 12 glockenspiels now used in the band represent the largest unit of its kind in any band in America and attract much favorable attention for the band.
Who's To Blame? (An Editorial) For Three Years ... we’ve been looking for something constructive for our student athletic association and the various so-called “athletic booster honoraries” to do in the University. Now it looks as if the time has come. Last night our all-American band marched around the West Side as is customary before we send the team off to battle on the gridiron. Behind them, quite dwarfed by the size of the band, trailed a meager handful of loyal students. This was the Northwestern game pep session. The terrible part about last night’s fizzle is that the lack of spirit shown then seems to be the unanimous sentiment of the entire student body. To place the blame for this condition is difficult. One thing is certain: No Purdue student body ever lost faith in a team that, did its best on the field, win or lose. Whether the team is having senior trouble, coach trouble, or student-support trouble few can say. All we know is that, with but a few exceptions, the team that took the field last week for our Homecoming encounter with the Hawkeyes did not even remotely resemble the squad that took Michigan State down the pike two weeks previous. And we’re not referring to the score board in any way. We watched the score board at South Bend take a turn for the worse earlier in the season without a qualm because we knew they played better ball that day than did the Irish; we showed ’em that old Purdue fight all the way. Whatever this strange disease is, we’ve got to fight it. All eyes will be focused upon Evanston tomorrow. If the boys play the kind of ball we all know they are capable of playing, we’ll forget the whole thing and meet them at the station to yell our lungs out. If they disappoint us again, let’s find out what the trouble is. This student-team relation works both ways, if they go to bat for us we’ll go to bat for them, and vice-versa. Let’s get together on this and forget everything except BOOST PURDUE! —R.E.I.
University Students Confess Defacing Of Union Statues
University students, Carl Anderson, ChE ’42, and Chester Malmquist, Sci ’43, yesterday pleaded guilty to charges of malicious trespass, as a result of painting class numerals on the new bas-reliefs above the main entrance of the Union. The students, arrested Wednesday night by Detective Harvey Hire and Sergeant Wayne Timmons of the state police, signed statements admitting the daubing of the statues with green paint on the night of October 20. Fortunately the coloring was enamel and not oil paint, and was removed a few days later without permanent impairment.
Pianist Richard Carpenter will play in the Union music room on Sunday, November 12, at 4 p. m. Carpenter is being presented as one in a series of artists sponsored by the music committee of the Student Union. He attended Ball state, and studied in Chicago under Rudolph Ganz, president of the Chicago Musical College. Chosen by Joseph Chemiavsky to appear on WLW in one" of his young " artists programs. Carpenter has been praised by many critics for his work which is said to show gpreat feeling and interpretive power. Carpenter has also studied under Louis Gruenberg, noted American composer, and Leon Sametini, violin master, and is considered to be one of Chicago’s outstanding pianists.
Survives Despite Weak Pep Session student body is dead, but the spirit is still alive! About 36 band members, two Exponent reporters, three cheer leaders, two coaches comprised the great majority at last night’s Pep session (?). Last night’s pep session with its 40 or 60 “Boilermakers” present proved one thing, that: As long as Purdue has a football team. As long as Purdue has a student. As long as Purdue has a man living the Purdue “Spirit” will not die! As Red Mackey put it, “Purdue can beat Northwestern.” He added this simple, but illustrative philosophy, “You have all thought that you had hit an exam, but flunked out. The same is true of the football team. Any team that can give Iowa the ball on their own goal line and then take it away from them has got to be good.” Mel Taube expressed his disappointment that more students did not attend the meeting, as did senior cheer leader, Joe Heckman. Beat Northwestern! Don't Look Now, But . . . it’s coVering the campus! What? The 1940 Debris, and today is the last day that you can buy it for four dollars. Tomorrow it costs $4.50. It isn’t known exactly how many books have been sold to date, but they tell us that the number exceeds that of past years.
Riveter Gridmen Depart Today Tp Fight Wildcats Determined to regain their winning ways after a three-week layoff, the Boilermaker grid forces will entrain for Evanston this morning, where they will tangle with Northwestern Saturday afternoon at Dyche Stadium. It will be the 25th meeting of the two teams, with the Wildcats holding a one game advantage as a result of the much-discussed touchdown fumble two years ago.
Armistice Speaker
Anderson and Malmquist were arraigned in circuit court yesterday and both pleaded guilty. The receipient of the reward of $500 offered by the University for information leading to apprehension of the culprits is to be determined by the state police. Police are continuing their investigation of the painting of biology lions in front of Stanley Coulter Hall and of the score board in the stadium. Under rules of the University, any student convicted of law violations automatically “severs his connection” with the institution.
Boilermaker Spirit Atmosphere
To Prevail Tonight At Harvest Hop In an autumn atmosphere of cornstalks, pumpkins, and harvest moon, the Women’s Athletic Association will hold its Harvest Hop tonight from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. Irvan Maury and his campus band will play for the hop which takes the place of the masked ball sponsored by the organization for the last two years. Street dress or sweaters and skirts will be correct attire for girls, and men will wear sport clothes, making informality the kesmote of the dance. Streamers and confetti are to be given away at the door. In charge of arrangements for the dance is Bette Smith, who is assisted by a committee consisting of Dorothy Holden, invitations; Jane Fishleigh, tickets; Leona Mermelstein, posters; and June Spry, publicity. Tickets are on sale at sorority houses, residence halls, the women’s gym, and at a stand outside the Sweet Shop from 4 to 6:30
p. m.
Beat Northwestern! Phi Beta Kappa's . . . national inspector. Dr. Pres.ton Slosson, of the University of Michigan, spoke last night befor;e approximately 60 local members of Phi Beta Kappa, national scholastic honorary, at a dinner in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. Slosson is visiting the campus to determine if the University is qualifled to maintain a chapter of this fraternity. Dean Enders, head of the science school, presided at the dinner, at which Dr. Slosson and his wife both spoke. An open discussion concluded the program.
/
Bender To Speak At Armistice Eve Banquet Tonight Dr. Harold S. Bender, dean of Goshen College, ■Goshen, and outstanding member of the Mennonite Chimch of North America, will be the principal speaker at the annual Armistice Eve banquet sponsored by the Purdue Peace Fellowship in West Lafayette Methodist Church tonight at 6 o’clock. Degree From Heidelburg Dr. Bender received his M.A. degree from Princeton University, Th.M. degree from Princeton Seminary, and doctor of theology from the University of Heidelburg in Germany. As a member of the Mennonite Central committee, representing Mennonites of North America, he had charge of the settlement and colonization during 1929 and 1930 of Mennonite refugees from Russia in Brazil, Paraguay, and South America. On Relief Committee He is very active in the work of relieving the sufferings of his less fortunate fellow church members; at the present time he is on the relief committees handling work in war-torp Spain and Poland. Tickets for the banquet which is regarded as one of the major functions of the Peace Fellowship are priced at 40 cents and may be obtained from the Union desk or any of the student pastors. Beat Northwestern! Indiana University Meets Boilermakers In Debate Five Indiana University debate teams met the Boilermaker varsity squads yesterday at 10 o’clock in high schools of the surrounding county for the first practice debates of the season. The proposition under discussion was: “Resolved, That the Federal Government Should Own and Operate the Railroads.” Continuing the practice debates, the University debate teams will meet the University of Illinois speakers here on Monday, November 13. Another debate with Indiana will be held Monday night in Indianapolis. Beat Northwestern! Mixer Bulletin Band Bill Martin Place Union Ballroom Time Tomorrow, 9 to 12 Price One Dollar
//
Sqnad Tapers Off After the two days of intensive scrimmage that Coach Mai Elward sent his charges through at the beginning of the week, the Boilermakers were only too glad to take things easy in the tapering-off exercises that the Riveter mentor prescribed fgr yesterday and Wednesday. Ball handling and timing were the main items on yesterday’s menu, although a great deal of time was spent in perfecting the Riveter aerial fireworks. Mike Byelene, junior member of the “Three Bee’s,” and Johnny Galvin, former rival of the Wildcats’ Bill DeCorrevont for Chicagoland prep honors, stood out during the aerial drill. The two Gold and Black tossers have accounted for four of the Boilermakers’ six touchdowns so far this season and are being relied on to cause Northwestern plenty of trouble. Purple Backfield Ready The Wildcat attack which rolled up nearly 400 yards against Minnesota last Saturday, will have its full backfield strength available for the first time this year. The re-appear-ance of diminutive Paul Soper to the Purple ranks, plus Ike Keptford’s return to duty, will give Coach Waldorf’s boys plenty of potential touchdown energy. Although boasting plenty of power in the backfield, the Wildcat line is still a question mark. Both Don Guirtz, veteran guard, and Alf Bauman, sophomore tackle, are definitely out of Saturday’s battle, while the rest of the forward wall personnel, including Haman, Lokanc, Grefe, and Daly, have been able to participate in but very little of the Purple drills this week. The Boilermaker squad of 36 players will arrive in Chicago this afternoon and immediately journey out to Dyche Stadium for a short workout. Beat Northwestern! Armistice Program Tomorrow Morning To Honor War Dead Armistice Day will be observed at the University tomorrow with a ceremony which will start at 10:65 a. m. in the great hall of the Union building. The flag will remain at half-mast throughout the ceremony. After buglers sound attention at 11, the Zouaves will fire, a 21-gun salute. At the same time members of Scabbard and Blade and POMM will place a wreath in front of the Purdue Roll of Honor, after which buglers will blow taps. Roll call of the Purdue Boll of Honor will be read by Paul Cooper, president of Student Union, and will be followed by a brief address by Prof. Prank R. Hall of the- history department. The ceremony will be concluded by a drum roll and sounding of recall. Beat Northwestern! Tiymits For Union . Show Begin Today Actual tryouts for the Union show, scheduled December 9, will begin today at 4 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union. Pony chorus and specialty number hopefuls will vie for positions in today's tryouts. All those who signed up yesterday for these numbers, and any others who desire to try out, are asked to report promptly at 4 o’clock. Dressing rooms will be provided and aspirants are asked to bring their rehearsal costumes with them. Additional ti^routs for other acts will be held sometime next week.^yAf tT ! li«
1 i i
XI
THE PHHPUE EXPONENT
Friday. Noyembeir l(b 1939
Jjumh^ JalL Several Good Points . . . concerning the advisability of adopting faculty-prepared loose-leaf textbooks in certain courses in which the present texts are both out-dated and superfluous have come to our desk since our last journalistic outburst on the subject a few weeks ago. To quote from a recent letter: “Frankly, I can’t quite agree that the professors should publish mimeographed notes of their courses rather than use published and accepted texts on the subject. Every graduate who intends to enter industry as an engineer will find that he must maintain reference books in which he can locate material without hesitation. Usually in teaching a course the professor will have time to teach only the fundamentals and in writing mimeographed notes he will cover only these fundamentals. “On the other hand if the course is taught from a textbook the student will be able to take any problem in his subject, and with his text for a reference, solve this problem. Any money spent for books, which will build up a student’s personal technical library, is not wasted.” We agree wholeheartedly with the author concerning the value of having ample reference books at his command. What we are fighting is the requirement that causes the student to purchase and carry to class, books that are out-dat^ or that are so voluminous they should remain at home on the reference shelf. It is true that the proposed books would not be all inclusive as to every phase and opinion on the subject to be covered in class, but there is no reason why the student can not still have access to other texts on the subject just as he did previously. We feel that this textbook problem could bear some investigation and it is to this end that we of the Exponent are including in our platform as Point No 4: Adopt More Practical Textbooks.—^R. E. I.
But Incidentally— By Petrov A W.O.L from Hydraulics Lab the other day we went up to the second floor of the Union and sneaked a peek at our senior picture pi oofs Our friend said it looked 3ust like us. We thought it looked sort of bilious. We still feel like every one else do6^s about pictures. They should make one look a good deal handsomer than one really is. Consequently we contented ourselves with picking out just one picture and letting it go at that. That one gets hidden in the senior section of the Debris, where only the owner will look at it. >i< * * The girl at the desk was apparently amazed that we didn’t want any copies. We told her we would have bought some if we had any friends. But as it IS, pictures would just be frozen assets. >> * * When we do get pictures, it’s going to be from one of those four-for-a-dime establishments. We want to repeat a gag a pal of ours pulled once. At one particular photography place you have your option of getting one large picture or a strip of four small ones 4c 1(1 ic This pal stepped up to the counter, and the girl asked him, “Wanna strip?” * * * He told her no, he’d, have them taken just as he was. ^ * >(< >ii We were cornered the other day by an insurance man It was the first time, and it has brought on a horribly fatalistic point of view. When the agent speaks so matter-<5f-factly about immediate death, the loss of a leg or two, and the possibility of a permanently disabling disease, we start counting our days. — * >(< 4. There’s one consolation It<t seems that under the heading “Occupation” we students are all class “A ” This IS because we are currently engaged in a nonhazardous occupation The agent missed one salient point thought ^ iic He’s never been in the EE lab during the fireworks
OoksL
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Inal«r_»..
B. Smith. __
of the PamfmA, Dear Sir On Octobei 28, when Purdue played Santa Claia m San Francisco, Californians had their first opportunity of seeing a Big Ten team play football m the Bay area The 20,000 attending the game enjoyed plenty of excitement and saw some excellent blocking and tackling by the Purdue team Although Purdue lost, 13 to 6, the alumni were proud of the fiist Puidue team many of them had seen in years With the development of more reserve strength in the line the team stands a good chance of making a good showing the lemainder of the season The results of good blocking and tackling will inevitably show up A large increase in alumni activities and interest in the Bay area has resulted from the game. Of 136 alumni in this area, over 50 are actively participating in the organization’s meetings and activities Besides local interest that the game aroused, many Purdue alumni traveled a long way to attend the Pur-due-Santa Clara game. Our register, which IS not by any means a complete record of attendance, indicates that over 33 alumni came from vanous points of Southern Califorma to the game, traveling from four to five hundred miles each way Over 15 came from points in California of over 100 but less than
ARC
S4ttoiviii-aa«f ^ BosiuM# fifiasASdr
D. G. Tarrio „ „ Bdltorisl BiTcetor G. W. Prederick.„_ JlaWbif Editor B. 3S. AntoninL—Senlor AimthSag Mmagwr G. SchUUnc Co-«d Editor R. JenUns Sport* Edtlor Phon**: Editorial. 400S| Bnrinw*. BOSS;
Sport*, a7«>
RBPRBSBNTKD FOB NATIONAI- ADVBRTISiNa BY NatioiialUdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Sepresetilalwe 420 Madison AvE New York N Y Chicago boston Los Angeles sah Fhahcisco Pnbliahed dailr «zs«pt Monday durins th* aeademio year. Entered as second elaaa matter at tbo post office la Lafayette, Indiana, nader the Aet of Congrcs* of Hareh t, 1879, and at Gw special rate of postage prorided for in Seetioa 1108, Aet oS October I, 1917, anthorised Jaanary 10, 1921,
Donahue
Night Editor Issue Editor
Ochiltree
400 miles, while about 20 visiting alumni came from more distant points, such as Oregon, Washington, Montana, Minnesota, Illinois, Indiana, and New York It has been a real pleasure to the Northern California Purdue Alumni Association to act as host to the many visiting alumni, and we want to express our appreciation of the cordial help that the Santa Clara alumni gave us. In fact, if they had not won the game, I could say that Santa Clara was a perfect host Let us hope it will not be too long before another Purdue football team returns to play a game on the Pacific Coast Sincerely, W. M LYLES, Jr, ’35 Albany, Calif.
TOUCHBALL—Today Field Official 9—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Winner (D U or Alpha Sigma Phi) J Mann
Veterinarians End Annual Conference; Faculty Men Speak Closing meetings of the annual four-day conference of farm and small animal veterinarians of Indiana were held yesterday in the Union building The program included discussions and lectures on animal diseases, nutrition, and sanitation During the meetings, Dr. S E Bowman of the state veterinary department spoke on“Tests for John’s Disease,” Prof 0 C Lee of the University’s botany department spoke on “Poisonous Plants and Weeds,” and L P Doyle of the University veterinary department discussed “Diseases of Young Pigs ” Wednesday afternoon. Dr J F Bullard, also of the University veterinary department, assisted by C C Donalson, C Harvey Smith, Walter F Smith, E S Hess, and C W Fisher, conducted a clinic for large and small animals Di E C Young and Dean Emeritus J H Skinner spoke at a dinner given Wednesday evening Dr J L Axby acted as toastmaster, and football pictures were shown by Sam Voinoff, member of the physical education staff
TODAY-SATURDAY
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
DMim iiUCf
— ANP — "BLUE MONTANA SKIES* — WITH — GENE AUTRY
—AUO
liWERAHfiQl
ROMANCE - - . EXCiTEMENTI
ANDREA LEEDS JOEL McCREA
IN
with Walter Brennan - Jascha Heifetz
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Five Comedy Stars and the gal with the one-way brain bring you Iip00,000 WORM OF J MaMAHIE WILSON Alien Jenkins 'Johnnie Davis Charley R}y* Jerry Cbloni/' — PLUS—. The whole uncensored story of this fugitive revealed for the first time! TOO EXCITING FOR WORDS!
_ WITH — BORIS KARLOFF
Life is almost worth living with our biggest competition out of town (the seniors, of course) . .. the only menace left to interfere in our peaceful lives are the DEBRIS salesmen. If only McNEIL could be made to understand that we know the price goes up tomorrow . . . call off the wolves when we are trying to impress a girl, will you, Dick’ —B&B— NAMES IN THE NEWS: ^ ANN BEARD (here she is again) IS quite annoyed by footballer JIM MILLER sitting next to her in the Library . . . sh6 had thought him awfully cute until somebody else told her that he wasn’t nice ... why don’t you find out for yourself, ANNIE? ... we are driven by a certain curiosity to find ojit where S. E. RUCH got the name of “StewBaby.” Could it be that you are the Phi Belt’s baby boy, Stew? —B&B— CARL VERPLANK has found a place to bank his money where even FDR (remember the Bank Holiday ’) can’t get hold of it . . it has its embarrassing points, too, doesn’t it, CARL ... of course, a fellow is usually in an awkward position when he LOSES his last dime —B&B— Imagine those great big Kappas picking on our hero of the previous paragraph (VERPLANK again) ... yes, the poor defenseless lad had to call for the housemother to intervene when the girls decided to paint his cords —B&B— FISH HOOKED' JANE DIETRICH finally hooked herself a pin in the Lambda Chi house The former owner of the pm was none other than LEONARD DIERL We fully expect that MARY JANE will be asked to move out of the house because She didn’t
Belle-Sharmeer OVER-THE-KNEE StoonUu^ DON’T SKID!
Belle-Sharmeer’s individual sizing makes them fit like custom mades' And stay put above your knees without extra garters Special “Lastex” top won’t twist or bind. Your leg size is Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess for tails Here exclusively!
$1
.25
pr
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
snare a Beta pm . . . anyway the pressure is relieved on an SAE with the initials of JACK SMALLEY. —B&B— If any of these newly formed courtships run into difficulty in their relations, we suggest that you call “War Nurse” JONES, just back from the Fi Gam Wars, to administer her healing powers to the lovetorn hearts. —B&B— Dear B&B Editor: Last Saturday night we could hardly believe our blood-shot eyes when we saw a couple of the campus’ shots wolving it at the mixer. MORGIE MIERS and PETE HAMMAN seemed to form a two-man stag line until the intermission when they went up on the band stand and walked off with the vocalist, GEORGIA LANE. I guess the boys actually have something on the ball. I can’t sign this—^for my health’s sake. Ed’s note I’m not so sure that they have enough on the ball to get a date. And you may rest assured that they did not pay to get into the ballroom. —B&B— Starting tomorrow this department is running a LIMERICK CONTEST and the winners shall receive A DOUBLE MARS PASS . .. hope
UMA TODAY- SATURDAY
we will do better on this than we’ve done on the CONTRIBS. —B&B— At this time your editor will take the liberty of expressing the sentiments of all the EDS on the campus . . . Altho our feelings will be hurt (slightly) we will still take dates for tonight’s WAA Dance, girls. —B&B— CHET HIOLKEMA, EE instructor may know his circtuts but not his women. He has tried to get a date with MAXINE CHAILLE for the last two weeks" by calling her up about four times. The last time he called, she naively said, “I think you had better forget the whole thing. You see, I have a pin.” —B&B— That IS what I call building a guyup for an awful let-down! —B&B— ... which brings up what the EE senior received as final advice before leaving on the inspection tripr “No sparking at the terminals ”
MAMS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAL, MOV. 18
A GEORSE ABBOTT HST1
MClciE mmm
with FRANK MsOLYNN
JOSENOiiB OUNN • eVRlUA DORM
f 'll • A Stage Play •
OIIRECT FROM BROADWAY ALL SEATS RESERVED BOX OFFICE OPEN DAILY 11:00 A. M. fo 9:00 P. M.
ADM.
Mat. 55-83-1.10-1.65-2 00 Eve. 83-1.10-1.65-2.00-2.50 —Tax Included—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
kdADS Slarts TOHOKIiOW Thai' delirious decade when Ajnerica ran wild and killers like this ran America! . . .
JEFFIEY LYNN FRANK McHUGH'PAUL KELLY LAST DAY -
RITZ BROS. JANE WITHERS IN 'Pack Up Your Troubles”
A NEAT COED Her clothes are neat, clean, attractive; she keeps them that way by sending them to a reliable cleaner. She knows she will always get the best service If she sends them to
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
It
• ,4
y ](
4 (I*
fir
Friday, November 10, 1939
£xftomrdL SfioijtA. fiaqsL
Dick Papenguth Coaches Three Co-eds For University Of Michigan Aquacade Although Dick Papenguth has been working his swimmers long hours in the Fieldhouse pool, he has still found time to plan to take part in the aquacade to be presented at the University of Michigan on December 2. In addition to coaching three girls to take part in the show, Dick is also preparing to take up his old job of clowning on the diving board for the show.
Accomponying him to Michigan
•will be Barbara Cook, Lorraine Bemis, and Patty Aspinall. Barbara, a senior, •will perform with Benham and Martin, Michigan’s top divers, in the show. Lorraine, a freshman, and Patty, the daughter of a Purdue alumnus and holder of the women’s breast-stroke record, will give swimming exhibitions at the aquacade. The next day, December 3, the Boilermaker tankmen will open their schedule with a dual meet here ^against the Port Wayne YMCA team. This, according to our figures, allows the Gold and Black three weeks to get in shape for the opening of the season. ~ Results of the varsity-freshman meet, held last week, seem to indi-
cate that the team will be ready when the first invasion comes. All the times in the meet were better than those in thc same meet last year, although the contest was held late in December last season. In some cases there were several in each event to better last year’s top
performance. •
The varsity managed to win the meet, 47-39, taking five of nine events. Kratzer won two firsts for the varsity and Krick added another blue ribbon to the upperclass-
men’s record.
Carney collected two firsts for the frosh, and Willidms added another to their total. The varsity copped the 400-yard free style relay, but the first year men came back to win the medley relay.
BRICK ICE CREAM Quarts 29c Will Cut Them Pints 15c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
**
Tempting Rolls Tasty jelly filling wrapped in a flaky cake roll. They're wonderful examples of baking artistry — so full Pf flavor you'll never have enough. A grand snack, a glorious dessert. GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
Harmon, Michigan Star, Still Leads Big Ten Scoring Race Tom Harmon of Michigan led the Big Ten high scorer’s list in easy fashion again this week despite the minis’ upset of the Wolverines Saturday. His touchdown pass receiving feat against Illinois put him far in the lead with 51 points. Northwestern’s Don Clawson moved into second place by virtue of a touch-do-wn and two Conversions against Minnesota. His total of 27 points gives him a slight lead over Jim Langhurst of Ohio State. Six points behind, in fourth place, is Prasse of Iowa, followed by Scott (Ohio State), Strong (Michigan), and Rucinski (Indiana). Harmon also maintained his ground gaining lead, with 311 yards in 43 attempts, a 7.25 yard average. Paul Soper of Northwestern closely follows Harmon’s averages with 7 yards a try. Idle last week, but still clinging to third place is Paskavan of Wisconsin followed by Clawson. Iowa and Northwestern lead the conference in first downs with 38 apiece. Purdue has only 13, leading only Chicago in this department. A total of 954 yards gained gives Northwestern the edge over Iowa in offensive drive. Indiana leads in the passing field, with 31 completions in 62 attempts totaling 447 yards gained through the air. Fine punting by the Ohio State backfield gives them a 41.1 yard average and a slight lead over Illinois with 40.3 yards per kick. In this important phase of the game, Purdue is again far down the list in eighth place with a 31.8 yard average.
The Scorecard
This time there’s a lot to say, unfortunately. Chicago may beat Ohio State, the Citadel may tear Tennessee into shreds, and Stanford may swamp Southern California^... but that’s not the way we pick them. The records say that Illinois won 16-7 over the University of Michigan, so anything can happen this week. , Seven persons guessed 15 winners last Saturday, while six had 14 right. With 16-6 were John Adamson, Doug McDaniel, Norm Hill, Phil Johnson, Ed Erickson, B. S. Jackiewkz, and Bill Hedden. Those who made 14-7 were Philip Lukinbill, Ken Mulholland, Brian Brock, John Willsey, Bud Guard, and Jim Ogden. We ranked in that group also. Fewer Perfect Exact scores guessed were NavyPennsylvania by Phil Johnson and J. C. Willsey; Auburp-Boston College by Norm Hill and B. S. Jackiewicz; Mississippi - Vanderbilt by Brian Brock and J. H. Papurca. John Catlin picked the KentuckyAlabama game a tie. Philip Lukinbill, Doug McDaniel, Bill Hedden, and John Catlin were the only guessers to pick Iowa over Purdue. Dear J. H. Papurca: Your note was appreciated, but you, too, made an error in naming the proper scores by affixing them to the wrong teams. Louisiana State defeated Vanderbilt, 12-6, instead of losing 6-7 as we had it on October 28. That necessitates a revision of the standing published after that week so that they now read: Jim
Whitney Defeats Anhihaid In Exhibition Billiard Gahie Coach Whitney managed to do-wn Archibald in their exhibition match last night. The match at 200 points balke line for Whitney against 100 straight rail for Archibald, who scored 78 points before Whitney garnered the required 200 points.
R. B. Wiley
. . . head of the school of ciiril engineering, is in Columbus, O., today. He is scheduled to speak this afternoon at a north central con--ference of the student chapters of ASCE at Ohio State University. Catlin, M. H. Allman, and a third person whose name is now lost, at 17 correct guesses out of 20 games, the best record to date. If the other 17 guesser sends a note this week telling who he was he will be recog-
nized.
This Is Right T. P. Peppier, John Adamson, and Glen Phillips each had 16 right. Doug McDaniel, J. C. Smalley, and J. C. Willsey had 16-6, while H. Kilburg, Jim Hebbeler, Dick Adams, Phil Johnson, R. E. Wagner, J. H. Papurca, Jim Ogden, one person whose name was not turned in, and the sports editor all had 14 right. Phi Delta Theta turned in a sheet of guesses in which 21 persons wrote down their predictions last week. That is the largest number turned in by any house yet. 'The house average, including the first 20 to turn in guesses, was 13-8. Here’s a repetition of yesterday’s
TOPCOAT SPECIAL $1975 Here's a value that can't be beat. ALL WOOL, NEWEST SHADES, LATEST styles:" SEE THIS VALUE BEFORE YOU BUY. ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St.
Phone 5975
games for this week’s guessers:
Purdue
Northwestern
Cornell
Colgate
Harvard
Army
Holy Gros§
Temple
Navy
Columbia
Pittsburgh
Carnegie Tech . .
Chicago
Ohio State
Michigan
Minnesota
Illinois
Wisconsin
Iowa
Notre Dame . ..
Georgia Tech
Kentucky.
Louisiana
Mississippi State
Tulane
Alabama
California
Washington
Oregon
Oregon State .
Fordham
Indiana
New York
. . Missouri
No. Carolina State Duquesne t..
Santa Clara
Michigan State..
So. California
Stanford V
; V V “V -'V .v V '
:
TODAY is your Last Chance to buy a $4.00 DEBRIS
The same book will cost you $4.50 Tomorrow
79^0
(DeJbJuA, "^omftbda, C^^unpuaL. (^ovsuuxqjL'
iuMutL ^hoioL By Robert J. Decfcard Untouched by cataatrophies that blast the hopes of other gridiron powers, Tennessee’s unscored-on, undefeated, untied Volunteers continue to hold 1939’s sportlight as the nation’s number one football contingent of the year. —fc— Although some of the teams have had their escutcheons smeared in recent affairs, they still pot on amazing performances as the season progresses, and are worthy of commendation... Ohio State, Michigan, Kentucky, and Nebraska have tasted sour defeat or tie, but FC refuses to accept the point that an upset once during the season means that it makes a line of demarration between these and other undefeated and untied teams concerning their gn^eatness. —^fc— So with malice towards some, FC presents its ratings as to the teams who are in order listed as the strongest teams in the country and are of national championship calibre as of today; Tennessee, Notre Dame, Cornell, Texas A. and M., Oklahoma, Tulane, Southern California, North Carolina, Michigan, Ohio State, Nebraska, Duquesne, UCLA, Duke, and Kentucky. —^fc— Marshall Richards, Exponent junior sports editor, called our attention to an unusually unusual football game over last week’s end. Two high school teams in Tennessee were tangling it up, and at the end of the first half the statistics showed that both outfits had lost more yards than they had gained, respectively. Near the end of the backward affair one team had pushed the other back over its goal line and scored a safety, garnering two points for the former ... at the end of the game the statistics still revealed a liability in the yards-gained column. —^fc— A Year Ago Today — Gil Tredwell. Theta Chi, rambled home with the all-campus walking race championship, setting a new record, -with a time of 21:48.9 . . . C. T. Arnold and J. R. McCredy were second and third, respectively . . . Coach Mai Elward warned his Boilermakers, who were preparing for the Indiana encounter on November 19, that the “Hoosiers are tough!” Beat Northwestern! W. E. Howland ... of the school of civil engineering will attend a meeting of sewage works operators at Iowa State University in Ames, la., November 12-
14.
It\ Tom! He got his job! Well, he looks “the part,” In clothes so clean that they look “smart.” You can too, with American’s Work. Free Pick-Up. American Laundry WaetSt^Qffioo 132 Visa St'V - I * w,
i "
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday/ November 10# 1939
rr
Stage Production Will Star Coogan In "What A Life “What a Life,” outstanding Broadway success of the past two seasons, coming to the Mars stage Saturday, November 18, is the first in a senes of four plays to be presented at the local theater. Renowned actors and actresses will appear as principals in this most humorous of modem comedies by Clifford
Goldsmith
The Goldsmith comedy, depicting high school life, will feature Jackie Coogan, beloved “kid” of the world during his years as a juvenile star, in the lole of Henry Aldrich, high school student who turns the institution into shambles in an effort to get two dollars to take his girl, Barbara Pearson, to the spring
dance
This play is filled with leal down-to-earth characters. The tall, highbrowed high school principal, Mr. Bradley, is played by Frank McGlynn, whose characterization of Abraham Lincoln won him wide prominence. His youthful and boyunderstanding assistant, and his spry and handsome secietary. Miss Shea, poitiayed by Josephine Dunn, popular stage and scieen star, sound, ^ ei y gently, the only note of adult loAe. Cyrilla Dome as Barbaia Pearson supplies the lomance in Heniy Aldiicli’s life. Beat Northwestern! Fraternities, Wards To Start intramural Net Tilts Next Week Intramural basketball will get into full swing next week with practice games for both ward and fraternity teams scheduled. The “A” teams of both leagues will swing into action first again this year with the “B” leagues starting next February. According to present plans most fraternities will play their games on Tuesday and Thursday nights while ward games will generally be scheduled on Monday and Friday evenings. Overflow games from both leagues will be held on Wednesday. Each team will play two practice games before the regular schedule IS opened on November 23. Six games wnll be played which count in the final standings and determine the teams which will enter the playoffs at the end of the season. Beat Northwestern Junior Bears ... of Chicago and Meridian AC., professional football teams, will meet in what promises to be an interesting football game at the Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow. Price of admission will be 25 cents for adults, and the game will start at 1:30 p. m. Special feature of the game will be an exhibition by the American Legion Junior Drum Corps during the half. The Chicago Junior Bears were national junior champions last
year.
Follow Your “EXPONENT OP THE AIR" WBAA TtM8d«jr, Friday—4:1B
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—A jI malua, itandard and portable, sold, patchaaed, rented and repaired New portable maehinea at low as $20.76. Supplies C. P Ebershoff, 606
Main Street.
October 20, between Alpha Chi house and Union. Call Jane Ramsey, 5091
LOST—Log log duplex slide rule with R C McNeil ingraved on Call 3301. Rewaid
LOST—Black Shaeffer pen ; W. E Teshe engraved in gold. Reward. Phone 66982.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Tan purse containing Paiker pen and pencil and glasses Call 7493 LOST—Blue kid gloves, white stitching Between Pi Beta Phi house and Education
building Phone 6041
LOST—Alpha Chi sorority pin Friday,
Use EXPONENT Ads
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin at pep session Friday; between Union and Stewart Field Call Thomson, 8301. Reward. LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin on Saturday night. Call 3301, Bausman. Reward
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Outing Club: Roller slgiting party at Maple Point on Wednesday, November 16, at 7 -30 Skating until 10 3Q , anyone wishing to go must get tickets for skates before leaving foi the rink Call following for tickets and transportation. Marge Ward, 41111 , Marcile Long, 2823, Fred Cordua, 36293, George Shawkins, 66714 All students are invited —SHAWKINS
POMM and Scabbard and Blade: Members who are taking part in the Armistice Day celebration will report at 10:30 Saturday morning at the east desk in the Union in formal uniform Juniois may wear basic belts if they can not borrow a Sam Byowne. (11-11) —HEBBELER. Union Sophomores: All available sophomoies please come to Tower room at 2 p m , Friday, November 10. —HAMMAN.
Silver Mask: Important meeting Tuesday, November 14, in the Union at 7:1B p. m. All members are urged to be present —WELDY.
WAA: Badminton doubles tournament starts next week. Sign up on bulletin board in gym. Instructions Monday and Friday at 4 p. m. , (11-11) ' —SCHRODER. Pi Tan Sigma Pledges: Pay initiation fees ($20.00) to H. G. Kolb, 103 University street, before Sunday, November 12, at 9 p. m. . —KOLB Independents: Any -tfien interested in bowling on the PIA bowling team for the all-campus men’s bowling tournament phone 2678 between 4 and 8 p. m. on Friday, November 10. —BILTIMIER.
Wesley Foundation: Paity m honor of players and production of “If This Be Treason’’ on Friday, November 10, at 8 p m in Foundation House. Everybody connected with play is invited. —McFADDEN.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Convocations this week make it inadvisable to meet. Next meeting may be Tuesday, November 14, instead of the Thursday following. —ARCHIBALD.
All Sophomores: Interested In working on Union are invited to a mass meeting which will be held in the Reception room of the Union at 4 p. m., Tuesday, November 14. Sophomores already out for Union are asked to attend as important information will be presented. —ROYCE. Mixed Recreation: Sponsored every Friday at 7:80 p. m. by Sportswomen in Women’s Gymnasium. Wear tennis shoes for volleyball, badminton, shuflleboard, and ping pong. Bring dates for swimmingboys 10 cents. Everybody welcome^ (11-lB) ' —MATHER. WAA Hdckey: The following games will be played this week: Wednesday, November 8, sophomores vs. junior-seniors; Thursday, November 9, freshmen vs. sophomores; ]^- day, November 10, freshmen vs. juniorseniors. —^McKNIGHT
CE 22 Conditions: The examinations to remove C grade in CE 22 (Elementary Structures) will be given in room 801 of CE building from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, November 18. Please consult me at once. —SONBSON
WAA: Everyone planning to enter volley ball tournament must have two practices taken from the following days. Friday, November 10 , Tuesday, Wednesday, or Thursday, Novembei 14, 16, 16. —MORRIS
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m. in room 301 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify me before November 25. —BOLZ
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. Fridav, November 10, in room C of the Union. Pledging and short program. —SHICKEL
YOUR PHOTOGRAPH BY HINEA’S
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
Weofierp*2^ fbrprOld Razor!
NOyiBIMTiON!
NOW-.I’OR A LIIMITED.TIME...YOU CAN CASH-IN YOUR OLD <<JAL0PY”! Any Type, Straight-edge, Safety or Eleetric! M obs than two million men have already modernized their shaving with Schick Dry Shavers! Now Schick introduces the world’8 fastest dry shaver — the 1940 Schi(5k "CAPTAIN’—for better, quicker, less costly shaves than you’ve ever had before, from any razor! The new 1940 Schick “captain" at $12.60 is the biggest value ever offered in a dry shaver. It contains a faster and more powerful motor; a faster and more eflScient shearing head; and many other features, equalled only by the Schick “Colonel” at $16. Try the “CAPTAIN” for 30 days! If you don’t agree—your money back! Remember, this offer is good for limited time only. Don’t miss this big bargain buyl Come in today! For owners off old Schick Pry Shavera ... $3.75 Allowance Pay $1.00 Down and $1.00 Weekly MATT. ORDERS FTTXinn
Next to Luna Theater
Phono 2883
SERVICEABLE JACKETS
Are a ‘‘must” in every eds wardrobe now that wintery days are with us again. We have a complete line of heavy shirts and jackets in all wanted styles and colors. Come in soon and let us show what attractive, durable clothing can be purchased for just a small amount of money.
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Style is (RiqhL!
Every style change of the new season is carefully incorporated in this new pin stripe suit. It's new and impressive and what's more we have just the right shirts, ties, socks and accessories to complete the picture of perfect masculine haberdashery.
lie, 316 State St., West Lafayette
Phone 2237
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHBt A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Gr Main Rhons 5701
"DEAC" Everythinfl for e College Educetlon
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVERl EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 M»ln St. 5c PIE SOUP COPPU 5c
• jewelara
Hayi Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY •t Moderate Prices
• Tin Shop
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
e Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts,
• Hardware
OutfRtera for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware QuaHty Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
iA