University Flyeris To Frolic May 22 Members of the University Flying v(rill hold their spring dance on I'riday, May 22, at the University Airpprt, located about h mile from West X^ayette on state road 36<. The dpnce will be held in the large hangar where there will be suihcient uccomodation for dancers after the planes are removed. No orchestra has been definitely selected but, according to the committee ip cWrge of arrangements, will be announced along with other plans.
Rotary Clubs To View Corps 2,000 Cadets To Parti> eipate lb Oil lotraixiiif'al Field
]Nfext Tuesday's Gorps formation .Will be in honor Of the Indiana' !Ro» tary dubs which will be in conven tion here at that time, according to an ahnouncexheht made by the University military department last night; To conform to the program of the convention, the review will hot start until 11:30 o'clock, but the cOr;ps will form in the Armory at li
o'clock as usual.
Major General William G. Cole, new commanding general of the 6th Corps Area, which includes the Purdue unitj will be the senior officer present and will conduct the review next Thursday afternoon bn Intramural Field as part of the national inspectipn program.
Begins At 2 P. M.
The review will start at 2 p. m. Thursday and will consist of maneuveys hy 2,000 mnifonned cadets led by Purdue's distinguished military haod* Grandstand seats and parking facilities will be available
to aii spectators.
Classroom inspection will be conducted in detail Thursday and Friday by Major G. S. Buerket, one of last year's inspecting officers, and Major Stuart McLeod, officer in charge of local reserve officers'
training.
>9
luy
Ruth Gtimm^ Eachron Play Leads In Fined Production When the curtain rises on the *‘Romantic Young Lady" tonight at 8 o'clock in the Jefferson high school auditorium* _ the audience will be transported to sunny Spain and the colorful home of Maria Pepa, a clever role played by Virginia Me^
guire.
Rosario, Maria's charming young granddaughter, will be recognized as Kuth Grimm, a veteran of the Purdue stage. However, Miss Grimm's leading man is entirely new to the stellar kingdom. William McEachron will capture the heart of the Purdue co-eds as the charming, irresistable novelist. Cmimnlimrpus Dotta Bjirlmrita> Mafija's personal maid, is every bit as old as Maria heirself* and twice as catttahlcetohs. This rathot amumhg persohage is poi^ayed by Anh'^Simms, ROsario envies her brothms for they “go out at night”--where they go and they find to do she does not know, but she lohgsi to be free to go as she plegses, Rosario Wants to see some pf tbe outside woi^ldt and she bewails the fabt that conventionalities rule Womanhood. ' ..;GetYburMan.'' Betty Barnett ydll appear as the bold and flashing young woman “after her man". Marianne Cummings, another of Playshop's new recruitsj is the capable young secretary who is going to get married.
CrondiWiU Speak At Signia Delta W Batmuet William Forest Crouch, who is associated with the Motion Picture Herald and Daily* will be the principal speaker at the Sigma Delta Chi initiation banquet to be held May 16. At tbe banquet the “Leather Medal", an annual award, will be presented to the man who has done the most outstanding work for the University during the past year. Present at the banquet will be previous winners and members of the organiza-
tion.
Tickets can still be secured at the Piayshop ticket booth in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 4 until 6 o'clock. The play will be repeated tomorrow night. Tomorrow night, when tbe curtain falls on the last act of "The Romantic Young Lady", it will signify the close of another successful season for Piayshop.
HiilseTo Lead Business Staff
Announce New State
aoas Neai^s
Go-eds Plan Style Show Foi^ Mothers As a part of the Mother's Day celebration freshman*: sophomore, and junior clothing students will model garments made in th^ir classes this year from 1(1:30 to 11:30 o'clock tomorrow morning in the Home Economics Auditorium. Include^ in the array pf clothes to be. shown are cotton and wool sport dresses, dinner dresses in a variety of fabrics, numerous formals, evening wraps, and an assortment of night dresses and negligees. Dr. E. C. Elliott will address the guests at a Mother’s Day luncheon, which will be held at 12 o'clock in the Memorial Union ballroom- ^hd Bryant's orchestra and the University Glee club will be featured on the program, which will be broadcast'over :W^BAA from 1^:16 until 1:80 o'clock. '
Show May 24 Natioual Guard Piaues Will Participate The annual American Legion air show, sponsored by the local post, will be held on Sunday, May 24, featuring three radio planes from the 38th division, Indiana National Guard. A loud-speaker system will be set up on the field and will keep in contact by raffio with the National Guard planes from the time they leave Stout Field, Indianapolis, until they reach West Lafayette. The National Guard pilots will make target corrections for members of the local I60th Field Ariillery, I. N. G., who will stage a simulated artillery bombardment using
“puff” targets.
Attendance
1,B00 As Second Bay Of Round-Up Ends New Indiana state champioins in the judging of yurious Jbrojectb Wpre (Mrotraed bb*^ yesterday as tlie eigbl^ eentb annual Boys’ and Girls' 4-H plub Round-Up swung through its second full day 'with attendance approaching the 1,800 mar^k. The home economics contests were won by Allege Lighter iu canning; Agnes McCullough, in clothing; Ann Arvin, in baking; Mildred Turner, in room iffipr'ovemeht; Norma Jean Triiax, in food pf eparatiott; and Marian Johnsoii, in health judg-
ing.,
Special Class r In the special college class the high individuals were Idarceil Near On, in canning; Edith Whineryj in clothing; MEary Osenbaugh, in inking; Helen Jennings, in food preparation; pharlean V^ittington, in health, and Alma Pell, in room imprpyenient. Rnox county’s team of Ralph Ris ley, Roy Eixmiller, and TraAds Porter captured top honors in jud^ng poultry and eggs. In poultry judging aione, the Jasper county trio of Keith Baxter, Bernard Nesius, and James Lewis was •victorious. James Lewis was the individual high scorer in judging poultry and eggs, while Tbunias Sharp, of White County, was champion in judging eggs alone. Kosciusko’s entries made a clean sweep of the first three places in the weed identification contest with Robert Matbys taking first. In the insect .collection contest, Virgil Knapp emm’ged victorious, and Dorothy Affidson placed first in the insect identification contest.
Literary Entries Due At 5:30 Today Contestants in the annual AllUniversity literary contest must have their manuscripts in room 204, University Hall, by 5:30 o'clock this
afternoon.
Winners in the contest will be an-^ nounced at the literary banquet on May 18. The George Ade, H. G. Reisner, and David E. Ross cups will be awarded at this banquet. Gash prizes totaling 75 dollars will also be awarded. '
Wood, Sports Editor; Creech, Co-ed EditorUd, Advertising Staffs William T. Hunt* a junior in the University school of cheiniil engineering, was elected 1986-87 editor-in-chief of the Exjsonent and Husrh Morris* electrical engineering junior* was
Tour Today Leads Queens Division Of Blossom Festival 'Ifara<i® Tomorrow . ^' starting on the longest trip in its history; the University band •will leave this afternooii on an extended tour of northern lnffiaUa and Michigan. Heading fof the Blossom Festiyal at Benton Harbor, Michigan, tomprfow, the band will stop tonight at Rochester for a concert in the Rpchestef higb school. 'Tbey wiU urfiye in Benton Har-, bof tomorfow forenoon. In the. afternoon the band will Ibad the Queen's diyision of the annual Blossom Pestiyal Parade, in which numerous bands are competing for honors, in the evening the members will attend the “Knigbts of Blossom'' ball. After the ball the band will journey to tlroWn Point, •where it will spend the night. On Sunday afternoon it Will give a symphonic concert Under the auspices of the Cro-wn Point school board, feturning to West Lafayette immediately aft-
erwards.
27 Groups
W. E. Brown To Speak On Ghristian Science William E. Brown, C. ■ S- B., a member of the board of lectureship of the First Church of Christ, Scientist, will give,a free jeeture on “Chriatian Science, the Science of Reality'', in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. Sunday. The lecture is being given under the sponsorship of the Lafayette First <3hurch of Christ, Scientist, and ia open to the public.
ThetaTaii Theta 'Tau announces the initiattun of Zachary Yadofsky, Brooklyn* N* Y.; Graham NoidO^rdt, -Albian, George Herman, ShaWneetown, Hl.:^
Ghi Epsilon Holds Initiation At the Chi Epsilon initiation held yesterday, the following juniors were initiated as actiye mombors: R. R. Byington, P. F. Misch, 0. T. Reynolds, A. W. Ross, R. C. Tumbell, and L. p. Wood. An unusual feature, of the meet ing was the initiation of L. A, Powns as an honorary member. Downs, class of '99 and.JBfesideht of the Illinois Central T^ilroad, is the first outsider to be thus honored by the organization. C. A. Ellis, professor of structual engineering at the University, and P. E. Sonesdn, of the University staff, were also initiated as honorary memhers. Dr. L. M. Sears gave the feature address of the eyening. H© spoke on “Advice To Young Men from the Viewpoint of Senility.”
Motor Club Electipii The Purdue Motor club announces the election of the following officers: Dan Doren, president; Frank Schaeffer, yice president; and Ben Olsen, secretary treasurer.
Twenty-seven campus social organizations will participate in the annual AU-Uniyersity sing tomorrow night starting at 6:30, for the entertamment of risiting mothers. Each group •will sing two songs in the allotted fiye minute period and the entire program is expected to take slightly oyer an hour and a half. The judges, wh6 will be Joe Gremlespacker and Margaret Dennis, of Crawfordsville, will aw'ard plaques to the winning fraternity and soror-
ity. ■ " ■ ....,' :
publicity director, ye3terday evening. Russell J. Hulse* M. E. '37* will head the business staff as manager for the coming year* while Leonard D. Wood, C. E. '37, was chosen sports editor. Helen Creech, Ph. '37, was selected co-ed editor, and Betty Barnett co-ed advertising manager of the paper. Hunt* Mdtete Htiub aud Blbrria arU unoi> gahizbd men aUd alsp mem^ of $igma Drita Chi, nariqnal joUritel--^ istic fratemi^; Hulse is a member of Sigma Chi social Gimlet, and Skull and Crescent. Wbud isi a mbmber of Phi Kappa Psi fraternity and of Chi Eprilon. Miss Creech is a member of Pi Beta Phi sorority and of Gold Peppers, and is on the execuiteu; hoardi^:of both^^ W S. G. A. and W. A. A. Miss Barnett is a member of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, of Scrivener, and of .Play.shbp...',. Elections for junior associate editors and for junior co-ed associate editors were the most closely contested of the entire-group. To the former positions •were named K; A. Barnette, J; E, Brock, A. H. Forster, P, Manion* and C. L. Saffief. The three co-ed associate editors for the ensuing year are Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCarthey and Elizabeth
Pyke.
L. H; Bro'wn was selected as national advertising manager and D. C. Miller as local advertising manager for :1936-37. J. P. Girard was elected circulatioh manager. S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain, and D. P. Wilson will compose the new juhiof sports staff. The new senior staff will succeed Henry . Heuser, editor; Charles Campbell, managing ejitor; William Koch, business manager; N. E. Hays, sports editor; Joyce 'Williams, co-ed editor; and Josephine Perkins, cp-ed advertising manager.
For Mothers Tomorrow
Tableau, Oownlng Of Queen, Murtar Board
A pageant; centering around Persephone, in the person of Ada Mae Hoe, and hersundyalon eai^fQr aik months, will be presented as a feature of the May Day progiadn for •risitteg mbther^^ tomorrow afteW noon-on the Oval, unless rain forces 9 event to be given In the Memo-
rial Gymnasium.
Edith Gregory Will be crowned May Queen after Mortar Bom^ Ptedgpng, W%h yriU ta!® pda€» at
2:3(1 o’cteck. Ltt her coini^
lian P’etersbn, Sarah K. Fobrinan, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan, Evelyn Kellenberger, Eileen Laxhb* Mary Louise Lustig, and Mai^ Lnx-
toffi.
Peterson In Charge Lillian Peterson is in: charge of the affair, while G’Dale Boiler apd Marian. Frazier are directing the interpretive dancing. "Tickets, priced at 25 cCnte; may be purchased at the Unibh desk,^ or at the various sorority houses.
-■i- A
Near-Sighted Co'-ed Finds Faults, Advantages In Ocular Afflicimn
Tau Rappa Epsi^ Tau Kapba Epsilon announces the Wedging of E. L. Markey^ East 'cago.: '\.v.
“Hello”, the girl cries Vaguely as she waves to someone across the street. “I wonder who that was”, she mumbles to herself as she walks along the street without her much-needed glasses. Then the next day some person comes up and says “I sa'w you yesterday”. Unless some mention is made of the occqrence the near-sighted girl just keeps wondering. “Honk! honk””, a car toots its in•vitation to a ride. Tbe near-sighted co-ed qhickehs her steps as she hopes that she knows the person who is offering her a ride. With a sigh she rinks into the seat of the autoTOOhite and thinks to herself, “Well, I was lucky this time that I knew the per'Son”.:,v Handicapped This handicapped girl learns to know her friends by ah unusual walk, a particular car, or dress. By hearing a voice she recognizes who is talking to her across the roomA definite and difiEbreht line does the near-sighted co-eij spread on her be'Wildered blind date. AJter she has asked him where he is from, what school he is i^ and how he likes thh Ujoiversity, Ihe says, “If I do not
see you sometime on the campus, it is because I do not have my glasses on. You understand that I am very nearsighted?” After further explanatioh as to her deficiency the man smiles obligingly and remarks “I’ll remember that,” and the con versation slips his mind. As a re suit ef this lengthy dissertation the Wri does not recognize the boy withodt her glasses, and the man does not recognize the co-ed with her glasses on. Nearsightedhess certainly helps this gdri te make new
friends easilyl
Awful Things Happmi Sweef music and sctft lights are romantic for some girls hut the latter factor makes it Increasingly dif: ficult for this girl to see people: A-wful things happen to hef when she speaks to someope and thinks him te be someone els:e. At a large University formal ip the Union ball
Recital Presented By Mnsie A program of quartette and chamber music sponsored by the . Music Study Group was presented ip the auditorium of the Home Economics building last night at 7:30 by the string quartet organized by Dr. Karl Lark-Hbrovitz. The first part of the rehearsal consisted of four compositions which briefly outlined the history of music. A description and presentation of quartette music was featured on the second hPlf of the prograPi; Tbe purpose of the recital was to bring music to the knowledge of eyerybPe. Special care, was giyen to the Selection of cpmporitions so that only the onCs that possess beauty in melody and simplicity in form were chosen in brdier to appeal to those who have but little knowledge of music, v:'
OpenHpiise Exliil^ estliig:To Visitors' v : Approximately 5,000 people, a record crowd attended the fmpndl Uniyersity “opep house'' Wednesday night; The count was taken by SeW eral methods. In the Mechteucal: Btiilding an attendance of 4*689 was recorded; An automatic photo electaric counter in Ihe Electrical ing feyealed a count of 3,doO. A door count at Stanlesr Cptdter Hall totaled 2,748 persons. Of special interest were the Vau-clain-Purdue No. 4 engine, the white rats in the Biology Btnlding, npyel - dispiays in the Pharmacy Building, the testing of structural materials ip the Civil Bbilding, the “magnetie cannon” and nmn madle lightning in the Electeical Building, the simke table and “Air Pi-essure Magic” in the Mechanical Building ,ahd ligbt without heat in the Chemical BPildbig-;-'
Mrs. McKee Holds YWCA Cabinet Dinner C. A. cabinet meeting yesterday, a dinPer for the new and old cabinets and the new adyisory board memhers was given at the home of Mrs. J, H. McKep, president of the advisory board. The
business pieeting consisted of re-
room this co-ed'says “Hi”, casually ports by the chairmen of the inter-
to a girl, who, she thinks, is in one of her classes. Her date in horrified tones asked, "Db yop know who thpt was ?" "No”, she replies cplmly, "That was PpaP Stratton", hp said gently as he led hPr to a ch^ at the
side of the baUrOppi.
est groups, as well as reports of past activities and a discussion of fptime plans. The mePihers of the adyisbry hoard were introduced te ihe eq-edb; with a general discussion by the members of both the adrisd^^ hpard and the cabinet following.
WBAAToBroadcasi Lockridge Address Plans for the “Tippecanoe Trail", which is to extend from Vinceppte te Battle <^Qund, will be diseussaW by Ross F. Lockridge, Indiana director of the Federal Writete' in a special broadcast oyer stetipn WBAA at 2 o'clock tomorrow. 'The “Tippecanoe Trail” ^ to be the first of a number of new routes completed. It will be appropriately Piarked on a new state guide, which will contam other historical tours of interest;
4
Foundation To Give Motber^s Day Breakfast University students and %eir mothers will be the guests of the Wesley Foundation at a Mother's Day bi-eakfast Sunday mornteg- at
I^ mi i
Tmb'’^ P&UdJe ExBOi^Bf^T
&Bs*as!a=s£j9^aal44sg£!saal4i^
»riiii>ilMiiiiidilBwk<^^ i ■ ‘-■-~ '' -■ Pt^ ni%tew4 Set tkft ^pk
^.>.7U4$h^iy-'- ~
fH'
rf r '*.
tl0e $ttt)tiue exponent
^ isiMose Menoar Assodat^ Gollegiate Prosa DIatfitnitor ot oouLBaum mgbbt
gr «f National CSollose Pcasa Asaodation, Bia Ten Bdltorial Aaaodatien Rwreaentedl by National AdTOrliBing Sei^ee, £ae. 4S0 fiSa^aen ATenao. Ne# Toxk Ci^
lintered aa aeeond elaes matter at tit* post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by aaill, f ASO per yeax’; delivered by carrier, $2 50 per year, aold by aingle copy, S eenta.
BnalneaB Phone BOBS
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student PuMication of Purdue University
Bditor-te-Chlof. Mkaagfa^ Sdltor.
Aaaociata 1
SmTOBIAl. STAinP
Editors^
-C
▼. Qeiiaee
H Campbdl
.. A. M. Chaeteen, C. M. Ha^in,
W. T. Hunt, B, H. Morria, H. G Waliber
, F Wilson, w H “infield, H A Helstrom,
S n Griffiths, R F Obencham, C G Bigelow
— K. A. Barnette, J B. Brock, A H Foraetor, O. Harper, Jr, R. P. Manion, C L. Sadler, B C Schenk, J L. von Han Beld and Blaek BdHor W R Abbott
i^porte Bditor_-. Sophomore Assistants
fesfconiQie Aaairtamti.
Rueiness UanasepAdvertiainK Manager. Advertising Aselstanta OireulatioB Manager Cirealation Assistanta. ...
BUeiNEBS STAFF
_W. A. Koch — H. F Antonini — L. H. Brown, R. Greek, D 0 Miller — i— -„RJ Hulse — J G Girard G R Shields
ALL IS NOT GOULD THAT
GLITTERS
The Delts are raving about the way brother Jump jumped their orchestra price on them. He’s now offering the same band to the Thetas for 100 smacks that he sold them for 126. Rumor has it that he almost gave the band to the Thetas for 60, but decided he should have a
“little” rake-off.
ij »
i ^ </ ■f"- *
.l/.-^Eyiday» M;Ay
if ‘A cJ
Double TTa<;l£ M^etHere • Tomorrow Boilermakevi^, Wildcats, Indiana Clash In Stadium
Editor Aaaoeiste Xditon.
WOlSEN'i STAFF
„ _ _ Joyce Williams Helen Creech, Bdna Hutson. Bllen Manh
Friday, May 8, 1936
Issue Editor—^R. P. Hooker
Signing Off
A periodic wail emerges from the editorial chair about this time each year as the end of a regime draws to a close and a new staff moves in. The actual work on the Exponent is finished but the memory of the last four years will always remain as the most intriguing period that any college student copld pos-
sibly experience.
The last four years have been happy ones. Reports were turned m two weeks late, classes were missed and slept through; 2 a. m. hamburgers and black coffee became a habit; and mild and not-so-mild calls from members of the faculty were an everyday occurence; yet somehow the grind gets into the blood and the thrill of seeing one’s own ideas appearing m print from day to day furnishes a constant stimulation. If we were living in the days of Aladdin, I would make the one wish that everyone m the University be granted the oppor tunity of serving as Editor on the Exponent for a while to feel the fun, the pride, and the work in it. The impossibility of the situation does not prevent the expression of the wish. After thanking all the members of the past editorial and business staffs for the extraordinary cooperation which they gave during the past year; after extending regrets to those who were necessarily eliminated in yesterday’s elections; and after congratulating the newly promoted members of the staff, there seems to be nothing left to do exnept to say good-bye. HENRY V. HEUSER.
A New Day Dawns
The Exponeut of 1935-36 has thus far been probably the best m the entire history of the paper. The untiring efforts of the senior members of the editorial, sports, and business staffs made the paper reach its highest peak, and it is the earnest desire of the incoming staff to keep up the good work. As in all competitive elections, some workers were eliminated yesterday afternoon. To these men and women the new staff wishes to express its thanks for their hard work during the past two or three years. We regret that such elimination was required, but we know that the contacts these students have made during their work with the Exponent will lastj throughout their college days and m the years to follow. We who have been fortunate enough to continue with the staff will most certainly miss their assistance. We hope to have the same cooperation from the student body that has been received in the past, and which is so essential to any publication whose main purpose is service to the members of its particular community. We will do our utmost to deserve such cooperation by living up to the high standards set this
past year.
We trust that the Exponent will continue to be an integral
part of Purdue University. WILLIAM T. HUNT.
For good orchestras at very cheap
rates call Jump, 5021. —^Paid Advertisement.
IT HAPPENED ONE NIGHT DU dance . . . dark veranda . . Stalhngs-Martenet... Quote, “What did you get on that last history test’” . . . For further details call
Belury, 3063.
SACHS COULDN’T WYNN We still don’t know who wears the pants in the Sachs-Wynn combination, but we do know that Sachs wore his pin to Prom . . and came back with it still on his tux ODDITIES IN THE NEWS Red Sails in the Sunset” now what has that Welter dame done to make him leave home so soon?
THRU THE HOOP
Phi Kappa house dance aftermath . . . Eddie Krebs finally succombed to the Wiley wench from Port Wayne . . his manly chest is barren . . .
no pin
CARRIE ME BACK Don’t it awful how this Stevens boy “Carries Vaughn” with that Carrie girl from de old South . . .
yassah
If the dope who turned in “The True Boilermaker” pome will call at the Union desk tomorrow, we’d be glad to set him right on a few Boilermaker traditions . . . and advise him in the art of true blank verse • we’ll bet the lions roar for him' AIRPORT-ANT NOTICE Headline . . . “UNIVERSITY FLYING CLUB PLANS DANCE AT AIRPORT MAY 22” . . . wonder if “Solo” Caldwell is going to lead the grand glide. YUST A BREEZE' She does not seek the comfort found
in shorts
Nor bare her legs to the inviting
breeze.
But don’t credit her with virtues she has not. It isn’t modesty, my dear, it’
knees.
—Ogeno.
Action Against Destruction With dust in the West and floods in the East, the nation’s attention is once more called to the fact that our conquest of a continent has loosed the elements of destruction. The dust storms of the last few years are merely the climax of an accumulation of circumstances which have hitherto passed unnoticed. Among these conditions may be listed overgrazing and mechanized cultivation, with the accompanying loss of natural sod. Then came the drought. After crops had failed for several years it was impossible to keep any kind of cover
on the land.
The dust storms can be stopped. Certain emergency steps are already being taken. According to H. H. Bennett, Chief of Soil Conservation Service, however, the permanent solution of the problem calls for “systematic conservation of moisture and careful crop management by farmers in the ‘dust bowl’ The same lack of systematic approach has hampered the solution of the flood problepi. The government has spent great sums in attempting to master the Mississippi, and similar work has been done on other rivers scattered over the eounry, but as yet there has been no effort to attack the entire problem of flood control In spite of the work which has been done, it has taken a major disaster to awaken Congress and the people. Senator Norris of Nebraska has proposed legislation which would give the government control of the Missouri Valley in the matter of flood control. Eastern Representatives are asking that laws be passed to aid their section of the country. At last signs point to action.—J. E. S.
Ten Eligible For Naval Entrance Examination Ten of the twenty men interviewed by Lieut. H. B Butterfield last week were declared eligible to take entrance examinations for the Naval Aviation School. Lieut, Butterfield, commanding officer of the U. S. Naval Aviation Base, interviewed of these men for the purpose determining their personal quali£e$1ionB. The ten that he judged fit will report to the Naval Base May
Alpha Tan Omega Alpha Tau Omega announces the election of the following officers Glenn Bowman, worthy master, Dick Hedlund, worthy keeper of the exchequer; Lauren Hexamer, wor thy chaplain, Glen Bigelow, worthy sciibe; Paul Roehm, worthy keeper of the annals; Simeon Bell, worthy usher, Don Tam, worthy sentinel, John Vaughn, palm reporter; Don Tam and Bob Selby, social chairmen; Bill Wantland, pledge chair-
man.
NO FINER MAN Wanted—A man to collect fines caused by Theta-Phi Kappa Sig trade dinner. THEY’SA DUCKIN’ Angered by a certain senior’s reticence about putting out cigars after putting out his pm, the Delta Chi’s ducked said senior in the muddy] j Wabash last night. They say the jgirl in the case was a West Lafayette high schooler NOW IT BEGINS New policy of dis yere column I more dirt . . . more skendal ... no more pay dirt... you know “Gould”. —New Regime. FAMOUS LAST LINES I didn’t want that Exponent job anyway. Now I got more time to
study.
A track “double header” that will provide two hours of almost continuous action will be on tap in the Ross-Ade Stadium beginning at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon when Indiana, Northwestern, and Purdue clash m a Big Ten triangular meet while eight high schools m this district battle it out in the annual I. H. S. A. A. sectional trials. The schedule of track events has been arranged so that the University and high school events will be alternated on the track in rapid successiOjn, and one glance at the schedule reveals the fact that there will be no dull moments during the rap-
id-fire program.
The triangular clash between the
Crimson, Wildcats, and Boilermakers, which will be in the nature of a preview of a number of aspiring Big Ten champions, is expected to develop a number of outstanding marks, particularly in the middle distances As an added feature of the meet, the mile relay will renew the rivalry between Northwestern and Indiana that was launched at the Drake Relays, where the Wild-
cats defeated the Hayesmen. Judging from past performances
the half-mile run should be the standout event of the afternoon, with a ding-dong finish between four men who are almost certain to be among the qualifiers for the Big Ten finals—Glendenmng, Purdue, Fleming, Northwestern, and Hobbs, and
Gill, Indiana Other Men
Among the other outstanding track men who will appear in the triangular will be Don Lash, Indi ana’s brilliant two-miler, an almost sure bet for the U. S Olympic team. Sonny Heg, Northwestern quartermiler, Dan Caldemeyer, Indiana, winner of the high hurdles in the Drake Relays, and the members of the brilliant Northwestern spring medley combination that has been breaking records right and left. Eight high schools—Delphi, Jefferson, Logansport, Monticello, Peru, Rochester, Twelve-Mile, and Winamac—^will compete for honors m the sectional meet that will be run off along with the collegiate event The first two place vunners in each event and the winning relay teams will qualify for entrance in the state high school meet at Indianapolis next week end. Finals in all of the high school field events and hurdles will be run off in the morning in order to avoid confusion and congestion during the fast mov-
ing afternoon program
2 00—One Mile Run (University) 2 06 —100 Yard Dash (High
school).
2*10—440 Yard Dash (Univer
sity).
2 16—One Mile Run (High School). 2 26—100 Yard Dash (Univeir
sity).
2 30—4 40 Yard Dash (High School). 2 40—120 Yard High Hurdles (University) 2 60—Half Mile Run (Univer
sity).
2 65 — Half Mile Run (High School). 3 00—220 Yard Dash (Univer
J
V
REMEMBER WHAT YOUR PADDV BAYS
MEAN ALWAYB
Wuirito grAY
IP YOU MUST CPIOSS tXlOK MIGHT AND ILEW
Parents often tell their children to be sure to play on the sidewalk, and If they must cross the street, to be sure that a car isn’t in sight and then to use the crosswalk That’s good advice in any family and in hny man’s town. But how often do par ents do the things which they tell their children mustn’t be done? Par ents frequently are seen dragging their children across streets against red lights or right across In the middle of the block. It is wondered what children sometimes think of
sity).
3 10—^Two Mile Run (University) 3 25—^220 Yard Dash (High
School)
3.35—220 Yard Low Hurdles
(University).
3 40—One Mile Relay (High
School).
3'46—One Mile Relay (Univer-
sity).
3 60—Half Mile Relay (High
School).
their parents. Five minutes after some parent has “laid down the law” he can become a BIG HYPOCRITE. Last year there were more than 1,500 children under the age of four who were killed and 34,000 who were injured in automobile accidents. More than 3,200 between the ages of 5 and 14 were killed and nearly 140,000 were injured It Is important to teach young children to have safe habits and equally important for grownups to practice what they preach
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNEE
M, E. Reitzel To Address EBgineermg Society Marquis E. Reitzel, a former La-
fayette resident, will address the
Society for the Promotion of Engi'
neering Education on the subject of
art through the ages, at their meet ing Tuesday, May 19 Mr, Reitzel who IS well-known for his paintings, will explain how old and new forms of art may be used in present-day
designs, not only for appearance but
also for utility. Mr. Reitzel has pre pared some slides to illustrate his talk at this meeting, which is open
to the public.
The thinhlngr fellow esUe A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Con for Special Occaaiona 26e per passenger any part of the city 6028 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Norns Crump, M E ’29, was recently appointed division master mechanic on the Canadian Pacific Railway Crump, youngest D. M. M. in the 31 divisions, will be stationed at Regina, Sask, i
TODAY - SATURDAY
EDMUND LOWE VIRGINIA BRUCE in “The Garden Murder Case” and ROSS ALEXANDER in “Boulder Dam”
NEW...
and so much
smarter!
4
PHOTOS Enlargements 25c
10c
iier’s Stiiio... J3i lalii
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
H brb*s Way-neea ... a new knee-length stocking as dainty as your demce feocksi That delightfully hivolous-looking garter is Lastex Lace! It holds Waynees sldk and smooth and doesn’t lose its elasticity In washing. Wear Way-mees wiAont fear cf garter hulges or garter rums. Chiffon weights in the new colors! STOCKINGS
79e
the pair
&
TMIEME WANCS^HIM COMPANY West Side Square
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
BUCK JONES “SILVER SPURS” and CHESTER MORRIS MADGE EVANS in “Moonlight Murder”
MASS TODAY - SATURDAY
" lACKlFi®!
Rican!® ciWEI MarguariteCfiureWll
Plus Musical Revue Vaudeville Celebrities
ARC
GENE AUTRY In “Tumbling Tumbleweeds” and JOHN MILJAN in “Murder at Glen Athel” also “Custer’s Last Stand”
Midnight Show Saturday! “Hitch-Hike Lady”fP I ' < ^ % \
Phi Psi’s Rout SAE’s
Winners Best Of Eighteen Entries; Make Come* back After Trailing In First Events By Don Wilson Yesterday evening the Phi Kappa Psi’s came forth with an overwhelming show of strength to grab away an almost certain victory of the Sigma Alpha Epsilons in the race for honors in the intramural track meet which was started Tuesday even-
back yesterday and grabbed most of the honors including 19 3-4 points over the 9 3-1 points that“were gained by the
SAE’s.
when; the first
half of this tilt was over, the SAE’s were far in the lead with 13 codnt- - ers hut they failed to do aS well in the events which Were run oif in the; second half of the match. These events included the Javelin throw, the 220-yard dash, the High Jump, the two mile run, the 220-yard hurdles, the half mile runi the broad jump and the quarter mile relay. The SAE’s were not only beaten oiit by the surprising, jtimp of the Phi Psi’s, but were also beaten out of second position by the Kappa Sigma’s, who managed to come forth and raise their former score of only seven points to a total of 23 points oyer the total score of the SAE’s which was 22% points. The Delta Upsilon’s dropped from third place with 10 points to fourth place with a final total of 11 counters.
Other Houses Scoring
Besides the Phi Psi’s, SAE’s, Kappa Sig’s and the Delta Upsilon, the Beta Sigma Psi scored 3 points yesterday afternoon, the Sigma Nu’s scored 2 points, the Phi Delta Theta scored 10 points, the Delte Tau Delta’s chalked up 4 ‘•points, the Theta Xi’s made 3 points, the, Pirathon’s made 2 points, the Phi Kappa Sigma’s made 3 points, the Phi Kappa Tau’s came through with onipv'first place, 6 points, the Sigma Chi’s made 2 points and the Lambda CM Alpha’s and the Sigma Plii Epsi ion’s each made % of a point. The races and field events yesterday proved to be just as interesting and fast as the events were last Tuesday. The meet in general was rather unusual and it was interesting for the spectators tO notice the easy and overwhelming rise of the Phi Psi’s over the former holders of high honors, the SAE’s. The rather unusual scores given for totals for some of the houses was due to ties in certain events. These ties Were not tossed for as is done in some matches, but the intramural officials decided that it would be vidser to divide the points among the eli^ble groups and thus do away with any argument such as there has been
during the past when" dealing with
such aifairs.
The results of yesterday’s events
were as follows:
Two Mile Ddh—1st, Longi; SAE; 2nd, Marozick, Beta Sigma Psi; 3rd, smith, Sigma Nu; 4th, Palmquist, Phi Delt. Time: 10:36.2. 22G-yard Hurdles^lst, Schilling, Phi Psi; 2nd, feiblet. Kappa Sig; 3rd Pfirdy, SAE; 4th, GUos, Delta Tau Delta. Time: .26. ■ Half Mile Run—1st Fifield, Phi Psi; 2nd, Luther, Theta Xi; 3rd, Gaulke, Pirathon; 4th, Musham, Phi
Delt. Time: 2:06.2.
Broad J'ump—1st, Riblet, Kappa Sig; 2nd, White, Phi Kappa Sigma; 3rd, DeLong, Kappa Sigma; 4th, McCormicik, SAE. Distance: 20 ft. 11%
inches.
Javelin Thrown—1st, Curran, Phi Tau; 2nd, Murphy, Delta Tuu Delta; 3rd, McNaughton, Sigma Chi; 4th, Drake, SAE. Distance: 162 ft. lO inches.
- FRATERNITY TENNIS - DOUBLES ; TODAY Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Beta Sigma Pai. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu. - Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Kappa Sigma vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Kappa Delta Rho vs. PM Kappa Psi. 4:45 Freshman Tennis M. Goris vs. A. H. Levin. R. D. Juve vs. M. L. Woodruff. J. W. Wiggans vs. B. S. Andrus. H. L. Duhart vs. M. E. Plater. J. E. Ludberg vs. W. Pohn. H. L. Scott vs. W. Windecker, Jr.
22p-yarddash^ist, DeLong, Kappa Sigma; : 2nd, Fiileldr Phi Bsi; Miller/- of Delta Upsilon, Atkinson of Kappa Sigma and Pryand of Phi Kappa Psi tied for 3rd place; Ti®ae:
22.6.
Highi Jump-r^-st,: tie between Elliott and Bowman, both of Phi Delta Theta; 3rd, four Way tie between Seward of Phi Kappa Psi, Bruce of Lambda Chi Alpha, Harmeh of SAE and Collis of Sigma Phi Epsilon. Height; 5 ft. 9 inches. Quarter Mile Relay—won by Phi Kappa Psi with a time of :45.8i Team composed Of George, Schilling, Fifield and Bryant. '
'pEN snappyi pennants A -r-^idedl decorations for room or car or grip—-now free I Authentic designs: each pennant bears official seal of each University in group. Now given wth each AotopoiNT or RealITE pendL Seven lO-pen-nant sets altogether; each set different; collect them all! Sea Aotopoints and Realites today, with the exclusive easier-writing pli^d mechanism that always works. Leads can’t wobble. All sizes, styles, colors, 25c to $3. AT ALL LEADING DEALERS
e For Two
Bartz Selected For Mound Duties In Opener Of Two-Game Series In an effort to snap Indiana’s Big Ten victory string and at the same time obtain some measure of revenge for the two defeats suffered at Bloomington last week-end, Coach Ward Lambert indicated last night that he would throw a pair of Purdue left-handers against the Crimson in the two-game series beginning here today at 4 o’clock. The series finale tomorrow afternoon will
start at 2 o’clock.
With: Babe Hosier, Indiana ace, vdmse hittiiigjand pit^^ was fesponsible for bhp of the losses last WUek-Tend/ slated to he btt the mouiid for Coach DeaifS: nine today, Lambert expects to counter wi^ first of his port-siders/ Bartz, who hap been showing considefabie improvement. Tomorrow’s game will probably find “Lefty” Martin, Boilermaker veteran, pitted against
Satisfy both your appoiSi^ | and pocketbook at the MtrZI SANDW^H; SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Louis Greiger, Indiana sophomore. Home Games The Indiana series here today and tomorrow will launch a nine-game home series that will bring the Boilermaker baseball schedule to a close. The Lambertmen will be in action on the home diamond five straight dfiys next week, hOginning with the return tilt with Illinois on Tuesday. A game with Michigan on Friday will be sandwiched in between a trio of tilts with Louisiana Tech on Wednes(My/ Thur^ay; and Safe
FMTEIINITY BA^BALL. 4:: TODAY (In finals) Delta Sigma Lambda ys. PM; Kappa Psi.;,; (Plafeig off for finals) Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon, Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon PM.:, Sigiba PM Epsilon vs. Sigma GM.
Sill
^ i During the normal hoims of light last year, from 6 aura, to 6 pJSL, ' according to statists of tho Tranx* ^ eilers Insurance Compmqr, ^ereweoft 14,620 persons kjQled in afotomoliiln , , | feident8,wMIeintheitoi3nalhoaf» J ql darkness, from 6 pm. to d aJBL, 'f, there were 21,480 deafixs. TfaiB ree> ord raises the Question, "Sffionldn’t . .:• drivers and pedestrlaiu he a6rald oC the dark?" " • fi'‘ The exceeding high rate of death per accident for the normal hours darkness puts, the spotlight , • on the conditions and conduct drivers and pedestrians responsible for such a record of fatalities after sun down. At night drivers can’t easily avoid what they can’t see. / This is something that pedestrians : need to remember.
IMLTO Ai JfflSK F ' : ■ ROBERT G. BISK ■ HAROLO X RISE ^ , ; LUTHER A./RISE 400 Sdiidtz Bids’. ; , Plion« iTOf CorBw 4fh Uid IfaSn :
the most votes when the
ballots are counted next November, is a mooted question which you will hear much of during the next few months....blit all are agreed that the best way to reach the student body and faculty at Purdue is through the columns of The Exponent.
come to life in the spring because the wann rain and sunshine puts new life into them. And advertMhg yidll have the same fefect^ fe your business^
is occupying the attfe^ tion of a lar^ numite of the popRlace good old U. S. A. now. And you know it by reading of it in the afe'i^iapera. Yofe vertasement in this pa^ per will be read by aH the students and the faculty at Purdue.
: ^4^1 ' ^ I‘ v 'TyWwritets, Adding Blneliine^ i'®r sdle, rent, ^paitcA jftnd l»«gAt. ||:nl%t^pli and minteogtai^h woirk dnne. 0> F4 Bberskofft 605 Sfoin St. phd^ mo.
, Passenger to flHnois '^nivelfsiiy. Call Gilbert, 237T.
tndti^al iKdiiCfction'StMentai^BKBt office and airange schedules for nert demCs- ’ '■ ' .^mOFFMAN;,. &. B. S«nieM-*Anyone Vho has noi; for his class picture to bh hung, in the' Building arrange to do so innnediately. line today. Class" picture includes gr* of February, Jjiife and Augjs^
Wgnted—Term papers to type by e:^perienced typist. Hione 45961,146 Bs^t stadium.
Wanted—Paying passenger — Hartford City. Vicinity this Saturday. Return Sunday. Myers, 65712.
Lost>—Alpha Xi Delta quill. Valuable as heirloom only. Reward. Call 3468.
Camera
Tennis—These matches must be played off today: 3. Scudder and 0. Foorman M. Rose and F. Senour, S'. Meldabt and J. 'V^itney vs. B. Ke^el and I* Caldwell. ‘—BIETH. Cosmopolitan Gliri>—Important meeting at 7 today in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Officers for next will bo elected and the hnancial r^ort given. Every member is urged to attend. SOO.
NOTICES Me a«ltaw aMsoHsi after ■ Mb Engineering Sttident^The school of cir^ engineering will appreciate the return of ihe missing pacts of toe aluminum n^el m toe Bould^ now bn e^ibit in tfelobhF of the Civil Engineering Building. Thto to a valuable and usriul medri, which was presented to toe school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Me^, of toe reclamation service. —hats. .
All-Engineering Banouet Committee — Meet in peasant room at 4 today. —CISSELl,. P. I. A. Men’s CSiOrns—Important rehearsal at 8 ;30 tonight. Meet in P, L A. office. —COX. Sophomore Union Wor&ers—All sop^more workers out fpr Union please get nomination blanks at Union office today. Very imimrtant. —FULLER,
Co:ed Union Woikero—Will all out for Union please rei>ort at Union office at 4. Important —KUEHN.
Union Workers—Will my committee repent to suh-basement at 4, please. —CHAVER,
W. A. A. Baseball—Tryouts for class baseball today at 4 and 4:30. All girls must attend one of the practices. —KELLY.
English 1 Students, Past an4
maife
Present—
Students who have not yet ma4e a passing grade in any or all of toe grammar, punctuaion, and spelling tests should plan to be present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. The tiim is 4 and 5 p. m. as follows: grammar, Wednesday, May 13 ; simlling, Tuesday, May 19; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not now enroll^ in English 1 will need a removal-of-'condition card, in order to be admitted to
the examination.
—WYKOFF.
Mixed Baseball—Kappa Sigma and Chi
Omega vs. Alpha Chi and Acacia.
-BRADY.
Tennis Team Scores 4-2 Victor^r Against Depauw Pacquet Squad PuTdue's tennis squad chalked up a victory over DePauw’s netters yesterday afternoon by a score of 4-2. The dual match consisted of five singles matches and one doubles match by mutual agreement. Wakefield’s victory over Stultz featured the match and gavq Purdue the edge in the singles matches. Ulrey, Purdue, showed excellent control in his first game and took it from Morgan, DePauw, by a score of 6-1, but blew up in the last two games of the s^ and lost. Summary; Singles: Nikolich (P) defeated Brown (D), 6-3, 7-5; Morgan (D) defeated Ulrey (P), 1-6, 6-4, 6-2 Tzucker, (P) defeated Willis (D) 7-6,6-4; Paris (D) defeated Ed monds (P), 6-3, 6-4; Wakefield (P) defeated Stultz (D), 11-9, 6-4. Doubles: Nikdich and Ulrey (P) defeated Morgan and Brown (D)
6-2, 8-6.
The Boilermaker tennis squad will leave early this morning on a road trip that calls for three matches in four days, meeting Michigan at Ann Arbor today, Western State at Kalamazoo tomorrow, and Iowa at Iowa City on Monday.
getting started! T'i/han Htoy Stuhl; drehrer, hew, tiadger mentor called the bftys out for spring practice he found that he had the big;gest turnout in years, wWch is rather sur l^i^itlg in view of the fact thatfoot^ ball has taken quite a heating in the Wisconsin camp for a year or so. The new coach has not yet started lais Notre Dame system lessons, but when his new assistants, which, by the way, all have either played under Hie former member of the "four Horsemen” or upder the Notre Dame system, arrive, practice will start in earnest. The drills, which have, been late in starting, were described as being "awkward, but willing per-
formances.”
Wisconsin looms, however, as a threat in the conference race next fall for nearly all the 1936 varsity squa4_with the exception of its captain, John Golemgeske, who is out with an ankle injury, reported for practice- The thing that worries the new Badger coach is this line and the source of the fast running guards and hprd blockers that are necessary to the Notre Dame system.
'ifprhia/Myel|i4i''%s|ja|6^sqiiM'^^
:'me4t; the- 'Uiniveitsitj^‘,;t^m
'dRy-'.i^]^t';a.t 7:30‘-'p*cl(^''-'iii'-EH^’ Po;#ler’Ha|i te Me qiiestipht' '♦feesply^df, iMkt i*resideiit''',Eop|e5^.
yelt Shouldf Bp jRy7Blected’’4
iThP DnivPrsityj-' reprsiehfpd-Ml; ChafleS' Petticrew and, R./l’i’.iRpyster,,vnll uphold Me negative ^ide ,df; the question* Neither of, ,these, twh rPpresentalbiveS haVe met defeat in a Big Teh conference debate to ^te. The California tehm is stopping here
oh its tohr to, New York.
fraternities will entertain guests at p 'S|irlhig;ldrjnal'dyttCy 'io'bt^heldPt,: Allen’s, ballroom- tomOirdw; evening from 9 to; 12 o’clock? Mysiefoir Mis affair, which t^ll be, closed, ynll be
Spring flowe^s- will hylp JOaMy out the colof Jebeihe of pink and wbite.
Kappa’s Defeat Ward 2, 19.13, Ip Final Game In Me final game of the co-ed intoamural baseball tonrnanient, held yesterday at 4 o’clock, the team of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority defeated that of Ward 2 with y score of 19 to 13. A mixed baseball game will be played this afternoon at 4 o’clock with Chi Omega and Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Chi Ome^ and Acacia. The pool at the Memorial Gymnasiiun will be opened to eds anj co-eds for a mixed swim this evening at 7:30 o’clock.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Mrs. W. C. Kenyon (Harriet Lom mel, ’34) with her infant son is visiting at the home of her parents Prof, and Mrs. George E. Lommel where she will remain for several weeks. She will then join Mr. Kenyon in Wilmington, Del., where he has just accepted a position with the Hercules Powder Company.
A Harvard zoologist risked his life to enter his burning home the ther day. He was after a set of corrected exam papers.
Out the One Who’s ’’Nerts!
Twreuy^ NEKlS.f
LAWN MOWEKS Shaistened and repaired. New and used mowers. Prises on new Ball Beariitsr Mowers §5.25 and np. ISow^ era ealled for and delivered. F. JoSo MMltaaupt & Son 30»-Ii Norto SHto Efreei Phene S888 lLaf«yrito. Ind.
Members of Signna Chi fraternity will entertain guests at a semi-for-mal spring dance at the chapter house tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock. Dick Cisne and his orchestra will play for the affair which will be chaperoned by Mr. and Mrs. A, P. Miller, Mr. and Mrs. H. Ken Caymi-
PLUMBHf AMP HEAfiMG Comgiiy Plipiie 1182
Remember Your Mother on Mothers Day We Telegraph Flowers Clark Floral Co. 527 Main
It would be suspected that when people rush about it's because of some good reason. Perhaps going to a fire, or something like that. It has been said that there’s a surplus of leisure in America, but that everybody is ip more of a hurry than ever before. Automobiles are made faster than ever. People drive faster than ever. They even die faster than ever. /Most persons think the dare-devil aerial stuntster plays,fast and loose with life. They say, "I wouldn’t do that.” They shudder wheu they see a window cleaner hanging by a life belt, high above the street. Most persons say, "I wouldn’t do that.” They watch with bated breath the structural steel worker walking almost gingerly around on the skeleton of a huge skyscraper. None of that for tiie average person.
The stunts of the rope walker, tilo trapeze performer, the high ^ver and all his brothers and sisters are not pursuits for the mine-run of individuals. Not by a jug full. But few drivers regard In a serious light the hazards of motoring. To most there’s nothing to worry about when a car is being driven at high rates of speed, or when a curve or comer is taken sharply, or when another car is met almost head on at the top of a hill. The reoor^uf the occurrence of automobile accidents last year—the smashing of cars with trains, against trees and telephone poles and against bridges,tbewi^ecking of oars going off the road, and the collision of cars at Innumerable places—-all go to indicate that many drivers' don’t realize the constant risks which only the utmqst,cate makes it possible to avoid. *
These Lamps Said by H. G.**l>eac** Reisper for $4.50