« 4
1 ^ \ V ^ '■ ^ -< fv-it ^■>'i
.. Jurgens Tonight At Nine —
X-ltS
Foumtod In 1889
X/pX^4ieHl m Daily Since 1906
• Bttfgi^ Asrelt BlowFioniWMii^
Vohime 5^ No. J25
West Lcdoyette. Indiana
TW
Ftiday* Febnunry 28^ >1941
■M-From All Fronts-ui— Today's Suinmary Of VfaK News
Jurgens To Play For Cotillion Tonight
lo Ohieago Daily News Foreign Service. OopytigM. IMO. Chicago Datiy News. Inc
About 8,000 Ciorman troops in mufti are waiting in Sofia for a
250 Hear G. A. Reminisce
signal to don their uniforms and take over, radios George Weller, ^‘and the Hour has almost struck.”
Nine British ships totaling 68,000 tons have been sunk in a convoy about 300 miles west of Ireland, it was asserted yesterday in Berlin. Three othTer vessels were “heavily damaged” and four more hit, it was claimed.
Young Ends Banquet Expressing Thanks
Parachutes and swift motorboats may be landing British agitators in Holland, it was suggested in Berlin. Six persons are reported dead and others injured in Amsterdam in civilian clashes with German military authorities.
The Japanese government has ordered its nationals in French IndoGhina to be ready to depart. It was said in Tokyo that the fate of the Thailand • peace negotiations probably will be determined within 48 hours. * « *
“The Nazi airmen introduced a new gadget, the ‘cadelabra flare,’ ” cables William H. Stoneman from London. “One of them hung over the center of town for several minutes while ground gunners vainly banged away at its multiple parachutes.” * If «
Two hundred and fifty of “G. A.’s” thousands of faculty and student friends last night heard reminiscences of his 48 years at the University from Dr. C. H. (Big Robbie) Robertson, President Elliott, and the retiring head of the Mechanical Engineering school himself at the student’s G. A. Young Commemoration Banquet in the Union ballroom. Frequently digressing from mechanical subjects to his widelyknown hobby, golf, “G. A.” recounted interesting and amusing incidents of his life starting with the time he first saw Prof. H. L. Solberg, his successor as head of the school, at the age of two. He told how he had been put on probation for participating in a hazing party the first night he was a student here, and of the time he met 27 students at golf to determine who should get H’s in a coui’se he was teaching.
The Germans remain cold to the Petain government, radios Paul Ghali. The aim seems to be to wear down the Vichy leadership, until things have reached a still worse pass and social troubles loom, when the Nazis may obtain what they are now refused. « * *
“Great Britain’s blockade of Franco Spain has been abandoned as far as food is concerned,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. "This step has been taken in reversal of previous policy on the ground that Spain is starving.”
Bands To Battle
In School Feud
By Dave Ochiltree
Feudin’ blood will run high tomorrow night when our campus’s Maury Mann meets Indiana University’s Bobby Barnes in a “Battle of Bands.” The struggle will be staged on the south side of Indiana’s campus in the Union Building,
Ollie Lynch Comes Again -- Again
To Expound On Campus Topics
By Bill Clark
Our hero, Ollie Lynch, again returns to the lime-light, this time as a full-fledged college joe, when he appears in “Harem Scarem or The Sultan Was a Lady,” in the Hall of Music, March 16, at 8 p. m. The last time we saw “Joe” Lynch was in “Everything but Onions” when he was just in from the country. In his latest role he will be a finished joe, complete with coonskin vcoat, pipe, and high-water pants. During the performance he will give dissertations on professors and go<eds, sing an entirely new song and :generally astound the audience with his amazing knowledge on assorted subjects, acquired only through his long extensive study in the Sweet Shoppe, “C” Shoppe, and other places of similar atmosphere.
Bepertoire Lynch, who boasts a repertoire of Shakespeare, O’Neill, and Ogden Nash, as was never before known, should be as big a hit as his stellar performance in “Everything but Onioncu” Th« piny* written and produced
by Willie T. Wells is completely in charge of students. The Student Union is sponsoring the show as past'^^of the Mid-term Folks’ Day. Why not write home now and have your parents come for Dads’ and Mothers’ Day. Through the shows the students hope that they will be able to give their parents an inside view of extra-curricular activities on the campus. Opening On Miller The show opens with a scene in Doc Miller’s office, after which no one knows what may happen. We are then shifted to the gay 90’s of 800 B. G. where, the sultana proceeds to add a new husband to her harem. Also included in the evening’s entertainment are singing and dancing specialty numbers. And above everything Lynch’s fiery red wig will be in evidence throughout the play, his solos aiffi every other time he appears. Remember, you folks who missed the first announcement, the price is only 15 cent8.^ome one, comb all and see the great ()lUe Lynch in action.
Night Must Fall ToGoOnRoad.
Nazi Undercover
The entire cast and crew of the playshop production “Night Must Fall” will go to Kokomo Monday, March 10, to present a performance there. They have been invited to make this appearance by the Teachers - Masters Association of Kokomo, This trip will mark the first time in the history of the organization that a Playshop cast has given an out of town performance. r.h.r.
University Endorses Student Relief Drive
For Foreign Refugees
Friend Of Everyone President Elliott described “G. A.” as “more than an engineer, more than a man—a friend of all those who have ever known him.” He said that much of the strength of the University came from its “continuity of personalities,” and presented Prof. Young as one of those men who in their long tenure of service have made the “spirit of Purdue” so strong. “G. A.” is an altruist, one of those personalities who have given us so much,” he concluded.
Telegram Richard A. Lynch, ME ’41, was toastmaster. He read a telegram received during the program which notified “G. A.” that a special carload of “Po-Do” golf balls was waiting for him “one half mile south of the power house on the Elliott Belt Line.”
Fred Montagruo presented Prof. Young with a sample “Po-Do” golf ball some two feet in diameter and containing, as gifts from his mechanicals, a briefcase, a complete bill fold set and a pair of diamondstudded cuff links.
“G. A.” himself concluded the banquet by expressing his appreciation for the dinner, which he described as a “preliminary heat” for his retirement from teaching one year from this June. j.h.a.
Mickey isley To Play Af Mixer Tomorrow
Isley and-his band have been playing at the Madeira Ballroom in Ghicago lately. This will be their first campus appearance in two years. f.i.j.
Bureau Collecfs Data
On All Organizations
Army Prepared To Overrun Bulgaria
By George Weller
Special radio To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc.
The World Student Service* Fund campaign whose purpose is to raise money for the intellectual and physical relief of refugee students, victims of the wars in China and in Europe has been fully approved by the University administration. This campaign was approved in official actions on January 20 and Februai^r 5. University permission is rarely given for a financial appeal to the campus, the regulations on this being very strict. The Purdue campaign has also been endorsed officially by the following organizations: Fraternity Presidents Gouncil, Gary Glub, Student Go-operative Association, Purdue Independent Association, and the Religious Gouncil. In addi^n the fund has the full co-operation of the members of the Student Senate,. the Activities Bureau, the Exponent staff, and the governing board of WRH, although these organizations have not yet officially gone on record as have others. The national goal of the campaign is to raise $100,000; the local goal being $7000 or more.
Sofia, Feb. 27.—^The hour of the midnight ball has almost struck, the 8,000 or so hobnailed Ginderellas who have crossed the Bulgarian borders fiom Rumania by airplane, train, feiry and pontoon bridge in tanks, armored cars, automobiles and motorcycles are all in their chimney comers, and it remains only for Hitler to pronounce the word and the magic transformation will begin. The two jolly looking young men who seem like tennis players except for their scarred cheeks, and beside whom one sat in the coffee house this afternoon, will appear in the same gray-green uniforms that fill the streets of Bucharest. The sober, erect gentleman of 60 with the top-laced boots, who tried to be polite when the BBG came in booming, will appear in the striped led trousers of the Reichswehr general staff.
Mickey Isley and his “Distinctive Dance Music” will entertain those students who do not attend the 1. U. game tomorrow night at the regular mixer in the north ballroom of the Union. The band has been featured over radio stations WIND and WBBM and comes from Gary. Backdrop^decorations and bandfronts will carry out a first of March theme. The special new-type shell created for the Gotillion will be used as a base.
Debaters Meet Emory In Non-Decision Tilt
Activities Bureau has announced that it now has on hand the histories,^ constitutions and general information on 117 activities and campus organizations. The work has been going on since last September. The file compiled contains sucb data as the name, origin, faculty advisor’s name, purpose, present membership, eligibility requirements, activities and duties of the organization, average time required, meeting place and opportunities for freshman, sophomore and upper classmen workers. The information file is available to anyone interested in using it. f.l.j.
Main arguments brought out by the affirmative team for the necessity of such a union were that the present security of the states of the western hemisphere is being attacked, the danger of military aggressiveness is threatening, and that the competition is undesirable. In answer to these points the negative argued that a union is neither necessary nor practical. Speakers for the University team were William White and Mark Keane. Ed Johnson presided as chairman. Due to the illness of a member of the Emory Univerai^s affirmative team the other debate scheduled with the University negative team was not held. djs.
Dance To Feature Three Dimensional Backdrop Decorations For First Time
Eight hundred couples will dance tonight to the music of Dick Jurgens and his orchestra at the Sophomore (Totillion, sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore activity honorary. Dancing will be from 9 to 1 in both ballrooms of the Union. President Gurt Lanius, Delta Tau
Delta, his date, KatJjryn Bertsch, Pi Beta Phi, Ghairman Jake Davis and his date, Virginia McIntyre, K Beta Phi, will lead the grand march to take place at eleven o’clock. Immediately following, the Skull and Grescent pledges for next year will be announced. In accordance with the later dancing hours of the occasion, co-ed hours have been extended to two o’clock.
Dance programs will be available today only at the Gashier’s office from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. in return for the stub on the tickets.
Salute With Eyelashes It is probably the most perfectly trained army in mufti that one has ever seen. In Bucharest where they come from, their routine of g^Peeting is complicated: First, Hitler salute, then handshake, the army salute, then Hitler salute again. Here, it is only a slight lift of the eyelash. What do these Germans talk about? What did the Greeks lying inside the Trojan horse talk-about? Probably the moment when they would get out. Everything Is Ready The tanks are in Bulgaria, the artillery is hwe, a few airplanes are at a new airfield at Dolna-Oreko-vitza—at least they were last week —the munitions and food stores are ready, the motorized columns are waiting in the country roads, on the rolling uplands of the Danube to the snowy Balkan mountains. The air is full of German radio messages. A huge army truck, dirty witb miles of travel, its gray curtains flying wildly and the empty screws where its license ought to be, went hurtling through the streets, at dusk, and the Sofia policeman abruptly found something wrong with the button of his glove.
Gotillion in blaoja letters. This is the first time that other than one dimensional decbfations have been used for a backdrop. The bandfronts will be made with a black “G” upon a gold backing. Banquet Preceding the dance, a banquet will be served at 7:30 p. m. for active members and their dates. Guests at the banquet will include Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Young, Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Mr. and Mrs. G. S. Doan, Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Vallely, and Mr. and Mrs. W. S. Fletemeyer. Bob Stone will act as toastmaster. Keys will be presented to members during the dinner. A few tickets are still available at the cashier’s office in the Executive building at the same price of two dollars, w.m.c.
Coolidge, Simon Talk
Before AWS Meeting
Debating the question “Should the Gountries of the Western Hemisphere enter into a Permanent Union,” the University affirmative team met the Emory Universitynegative team of Atlanta, Ga., in a non-decision debate last night in room 212 of the Union.
Professor Sears
E. L. Kelly Discusses Marital Adjustment Problem In Lecture
Frofessor Lists Rules
Back Drop . The back drop for the dance will be composed of a white bandshell with flowing colored lights focused upon it from below. In the center of the opening will be a large black skull with intermittently blinking green eyes. Around the upper edge of the bandshell will be the word
For Marriage Success
“Activities should be a part of normal life,” said Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of women, when she spoke to a group of co-eds last night at a meeting sponsored by the AWS. Miss Coolidge went on to say that she believes that work, pleasure and some contribution to the commimity are important to the scheme of life. It is her opinion that acquiring a proper perspective on life is the best way women can play a part in defense. “Woman’s outlook on life takes in cold romance as a fundamental purpose ^while man’s outlook is ohe of the desire for adventure,” said Rabbi Meyer H. Simon, second speaker of the evening. He continued by stating that the interest of women centers mainly around the home and the community, and within this sphere of influence she has the opportunity to mold the coming generation. According to him there are four phases of life interests: work, leisure time, worship, and the community, and woman has an important position in life in so far as she should show interest in these things. The meeting was sponsored by the House President’s Council of the AWS with Martha Doherty in charge. j.r.
“Couples should arrange with the weather man to have a good rain on the next picnic they go on so that they will get to know each other under adverse conditions,” said Professor E. L._Kelly of the education and applied psychology department in the second lecture of the marriage series given yesterday afternoon in room 101 of the education building. His topic was "Problems of Pre-Marital Adjustment.” Professor Kelly stated that because of the ideal conditions of prearranged dates during the courtship, one partner isn’t able to learn what the other will do under trying circumstances. Another point brought out was that the people who make a success out of marriage would probably also make a success as old maids and bachelors because I they have the adjusted personality necessary. / Summation In summing up his talk. Prof. Kelly set forth his rules whidt he thinks should be observed by anyone planning on entering the partnership of marriage. These rules were as follows: (1) Look forward to marriage as a job problem rather than as a windfall; (2) Expect to get no^ihore out of marriage titan you put into it; (3) Learn all you can about yourself induding weaknesses so you will appreciate the difficult task your partner wiQ have in adjusting to you; (4) Learn as much as possible about the Job of marriage — duties, responsiUUties and obligations as well as privileges; (6) Choose a healthy, weljadjusted partner who wants thd same things in life that you do; (6) Recognize the necessity of future adjustment since some dashing of personality in inevitable. “To not adjust means to stagnate and growth is possible only through adjustment,” he said. A question and answer ae^on followed the leclaire. In lo one question. Prof, Kelly Ba^Jffi|it under the>conditio|ia of today i^girl is under no h^utdiwp in.^sdEing her partner she can arrange |ptek mth alm<mt any fel~Jow she yrants lo. Over 460 senio:^ and Jimior nyajf and women attended this lecture. Four more lectures are ^eduled in the series, all of which will be open to-juniors. f.i.j.
Playshop AniHHiiKes
Fourth Show Tryiwb
... of the History, Economics and Government department made two trips to Fq^ Wayne during the last week to to local organizations on theNubject, “Friendships of GeorgorWaahingtim.”
Tryouts fra Playshop'h fourth production of this year, “Bach^Nt Bom” yrUI be h^ ^ Fowler next Monday and Tuesday aftMw noons at 4* o’clock. Studenta come either day. “Bachdor Binm” ia a throo act <^medy with parta for seven wasa* en and ten meat. No previoaa dramatic experience is necessary and director William Beam is especiaL ly interested in finding new talent for the play. According to Beam, Jhatiunan have a good chance for parta because of the age of tbe cbaranterm la addition to tbe regular ^ttta thu play olfers several ebaractir pacta.7 ^ < .■'I > *' i J.1 ^ “ ' 4
iff
fiaga2—£diiA
Friday* Fabnidry 28« 1941
fijoAdwL SxpoiiuiL
i f
Joein' 'Round By Peggy Howard
Da37dream8 come true tonight when the smooth rhythms of Dick Jurgens and his Aragon-aired orchestra originate from the bandstand of the Union ballrooms at the annua) S<^omore CotiUion. Jake Davis, chairman of the event says, qnote—there will be more imports at this dance than at any other dance during the year — unquote. However, >a co-ed, Vi^nia McIntyre of the Pi Phi house, will be leading the grand march with Jake at the event. Before the dance, dinner will be served for Skull and Crescent members, sponsors of the affair, and their dates in the Union. * * * Band Battle Tomorrow night all those lucky twerps who journey to Bloomington to see the battle of the century are invited to stay and witness a battle of the bands after the game. The dance which will feature Maury Mahns of Purdue vs. Bob Barnes of Indiana will be held in the lU Memorial Union Building. * * * The stay-at-homes will find tomorrow night on this campus far from dull... In the north ballroom of the Union, Mickey Isley and his band featured on many of the airlanes will furnish the music for the Saturday night mixer. * * ♦ Theta Chi’s Dance The Theta Chi’s will entertain at a formal dance in the south ballroom of the Union with music pro-
-TODAY - SATURDAY-
Dangerous as a drifting mine! Exciting as a Sailor's spree!
EUGe« O’NEILL’S
The LONG VOYAGE HOME
JOHN THOMAS
IAN
• Miuiim* NUNni
llAI
TODAY - TOMORROW -DOUBLE FEATURE-
Meei"3^taiU*BeKHeit
daredevil double stunt man.. unstmg hero of the screen.. In his daily duels with death.
KENI
TAYLOR
UNDA
HAYES
RkO RADIO
Htham
PLUS-
CampusViscussion Tourney Announced Second all campus discussion tournament was announced today by the forensic board. Unlike last year’s contest, this one will be a more or less informal discussion. To attain this informality the discussions will be held in various fraternity and sorority houses. The tournament will consist of a series of six discussions on “What Part Shall the United States Play in the Present War?” Each of th^se meetings will have a different subtopic with the winners being announced after the sixth round. It is hoped that there will be about 200 entrants in the contest, representing the various organizations on the campus. The judging will be done by students and citizens of Lafayette, d.w.o. Britannica Features Education Activities Research activities of the University’s psychological laboratory of the division oi education and applied psychology will be prominently featured in the chapter of “Experimental Psychology” in the next supplementary volume of the Encyclopedia Britannica. Pictures of activities in this department include a manual strength test for measuring strength and fatigue in the fingers and hands, and the vibrograph, an apparatus for recording the pitch curve in speech and singing, r.w.b. vided by Bob Barnes (a different one) and his orchestra from the University of Illinois. Dinner will be served for members and their dates at the house preceding the dance. ^ Cary Dance Over at Cary Halls they’re going social again this week-end with a radio dance. This time the affair will be held in Caiy Hall Noithwest. sjs * * Oh, yes, and in closing we want to lepeat the most repeatedly repeated joke of the week so that there won’t be anyone left for youse guys to repeat it to (an optimistic column writer)—^what the termite said to the bartender—“Beat me, daddy, I ate the bur.”
Starts TOMORROW ~rUIIiUIDTROIflH.B!
Mickey Rooney . . America's No, 1 entertainer .. at hu funniest! He's buying silk stockings for a new girl... and is Polly lealous! The Hjudy family's best!
uritb
JimuU Mioktf STONE-ROONEY
HOLDEN MDW-in^nMi
LAST DAY
EDDIE ALBERT - JOAN LESLH UJUI HUE • WUlUf LWDIlUUi > lOBH UTEl
Letters To The Editor
Mr. Editor: I have just been listening to WBAA broadcasting our game with Iowa. I enjoyed the description of the game but was annoyed by a strange phenomenon. During the halftime, our station played most of the BIG TEN fight songs. After waiting too long to hear HAIL PURDUE. I called WBAA and requested OUR song. BEHOLD! A voice came over the wire, “I’m sorry, we don’t have it.” Grrr. I’ve spoken to several of my friends and they are willing to make contributions to a BUY A RECORDING FOR WBAA drive. So, Mr. Editor, if yon will place a labeled box at the West Desk. I am certain that we can get that recording. Yours for more of HAIL PURDUE, J. M. Goldman, ’44. Professor Shreve Lectures ToAIME Professor R. N. Shreve spoke last night on “Precious and Semi-Pre-cious Jewels” in the Chem. and Met. Building before a crowd of over a hundred AIME members. After the lecture the members held a short business meeting. Professor Shreve began his talk by telling how he started his own collection, which he had on display for the audience to inspect, along with other precious jewels he borrowed for the occasion. He explained the composition of emeralds, rubies, and many other precious stones and how these stones are being made cheaper by exact duplication through synthesis. Through the help of colored slide photogi’aphs he was able to clearly show the structure of certain stones.
Instrudors To Discuss Home Economics Teaching Mrs. Florence Busse Smith, State Supervisor of Home Economics for Adults, and Mrss Helen M. Hartman, District Supervisor of Home Economics and member of the department of Education and Applied Psychology, are in charge of the conference of teachers of adult classes in home economics to be held in the Education building from 9:30 till noon tomorrow. Ill an informal assembly, teachers from seven Indiana counties will discuss home economics teaching.
Right Out of Your Favorite •v Cartoon Strip-
Starts Midnite Prevue Saturday
Main
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY SKOAL iMSPEem
-ALSO-
'WINNERS OF THE WEST," Serial
The ^fh Colniml The Purdue Exponent
We see that things up in Gary are a bit haywire. It seems that some of the union boys got a bit delinquent in their dues. So the union formed a picket line and wouldn’t let them get to work. According to plant executives it’s going to delay things quite a bit. But of course the union needs its money. And anyway we know ... That there Just aren’t any people like Daddy Warbocks whose only concern is their country. <t< « * Getting over to Europe, we hear that Adolf is busy planning his big drive across the British ChanneL According to Reliable reports that we’ve been hearing, Benny’s boys, including the vaunted liegions of Death, are going to take part in the push. Now we’re wondering who .. . Will push Benny’s boys. * * * Of course it may be that Adolf is going to play it cagey by delaying his drive until. .. British and Greek troops have put Benny’s men in position for Adolf’s drive. * * * British planes from Egypt have spent a busy week working on the Roman boot. And our correspondent from Rome wires ... That the Big Heel has been suffering accordingly. ♦ * * The Balkan situation is getting closer and closer to actual conflict. According to the latest dispatches Nazi troops are already over the Danube. Which is a shame .. Because we were hoping we wonld see them under it. * ♦ * Up in Russia there was a big election. The supreme council or something met to decide on possible changes in party personnel. Of course some might say that the election was fixed. But we know they voted just like Uncle Joe wanted ’em to. * * * Adolf and his playboys are still intent on uplifting the British Isles. Every night they present the islands with a few tons of bombs. They don’t seem to realize that if they keep it up . . . They will have three or four British Isles to contend with.—o.l.a.
KntaMA m ■—cb4 «!••• mttur at tha goat affiaa ia Lafarcttig Indlaaa, aa4«r tka aet at Oaainww at Mafeh t.
M7*. aaiattka - -
Ufa.
fmf uaA watUr dsfiaa the loaallr hr auttaa tar gt
tar i«
tka tacalar •aaalan.
Jk, W* Banakaa
FuMItaHiu Staff
■kallarag, 3. L. Tmmta*. Iwiiiaia Staff XaMal ARvavtialaa Maaaaant D. t. Pawaia. 0.1 aaiata; rraaMtiaa Maaaaar. 0. F. nawaltawkr; Aaaaaata Maaaaar, 1. 3. AmUwt4i ClraSlatfiw Maaaaar, ft. M. KacktawaaM. Ce-ei Staff
Awaaiata ftditant Haig Xkg Miliar, Xatk Baaa, Daaaa tiaaa. Sparta Staff ■Rtlav — J. F. Dalaa Aaaaelata Kditont 3. F. Adaauoa, P. Q/JakaNaa. ft. O. iwaiaa.
PfcaMat Iditarial 4005; Bmlnaaa SDtt; Sparta 2792
ftagrcaaataU tar aatiaiial advartiataa Ig Matleaal A4railMam SerriM, laa.. Oollam PabUakaia ftagramtatlTaa,
m l£3iaaa Avm^ Naw Tatk, N. Y,
laa.. Oollam Pul -- r Yaa*. N.
Staff Nr Thla laaua
Nirkt Editor: SkaUarog Day KdUori Siess laane Editor: Zinski Night Sports Editort Miaaon Staff: Butz, AUanson, Ochiltree, Jones, Novey, Sloan, Poole, Boswinkle, ClaHc, Ramsdell, Wickard, Boynton, Keeler, DeMars, Craigmile, Miller, Barson.
Students Interview Senators (Ed. Note: While attending a peace conference at Washington over the past week-end, six members of the Religious Council Peace Committee interviewed Indiana senators and other senators on the question of government policy and the lease-lend bill. The Exponent is carrying the students’ impressions on these Intel views in a series of two articles—^the first giving the attitudes of proponents, the second, of the opponents of the bill.) Sen. Van Nuys of Indiana, a proponent of the bill, was one of the first seen. Upon being cor-
dially received into his office in the Senate Office Building, we asked the Senator his attitude concerning the bill and how he was planning to vote. He answered that he was going to vote for the bill, first because Britain needs aid, and secondly because he felt sure it did not mean war; furthermore, he felt the majority of Hoosiers were for the bill. We differed from him, particularly on the last point, citing the Exponent campus poll with a vote of 56% in opposition to Hie bill. Concerning involvement in the war, Sen. Van Nuys pointed to a picture of his son in uniform and asked if we thought he would vote for a measure which would send his boy to war. Here we raised the question of the cpnvoying of British ships by American war vessels, and the use of our harbors by British war vessels, both possible under the bill. We also asked about the scrapping of our treaties with Latin America, which forbid such unilateral action. Admitting the danger of convoying, he said he would favor any “properly drawn” amendment against that; he also recognized the possibility that British use of our harbors might be held an overt act of war. However, he ridiculed the hysterical fear being spread across the country through newspaper headlines, that America is in danger of invasion. He regarded invasion as most improbable, saying that this is an economic war, and that we are already in it. It was with mutual sorrow that we had to break up the interview; the Senator said he enjoyed discussing the problems of government with American youth when they were courteous, but that he was due on the floor at noon, it already being 12:26.
Cary Club, WRH Contract Cabaret Dance Will ^VlS To Announce Chokes Tourney To Begin Today Oust Union Formal For 1941 May Day Court
Caiy Club and WRH have completed final ariangements for a contract bridge tourney to be held during three consecutive weeks. The first eliminations among the Cary Halls will be held today.
PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT IN BALLROOM DANCING LEARN TO DO STRAIGHT DANCING—PHONE 2150 P. M. ALLEN NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR RATES REASONABLE ALLEN’SfiTH * FERRY
LUMA TODAY -SAT.-~2 Hitt il. 11.1 * J Connamu
ALSO-
Night club life will again appear, this time in the form of the Union sponsored “Windy-Way Cabaret,” Friday evening, March 7, It will replace the annual Union formal, sweeping it from the ballrooms, off the campus and from the University social calendar. The Union decided to continue cabaret life after the successful debut of the “Hatchet Club” last week. A superior floor show has been plapned and refreshments will be served throughout the evening. Tables may be reserved by any group organization, but for a choice table, reservations should be made early. Smoking will be peimitted in the cabaret. Music for the floor show and dancing will be furnished by Bill Martin’s orchestra. Martin is also playing for the Union show. Tickets will be placed on sale in advance and the dance will be strictly informal, w.c. Student Group To Present liisIrumentalVarielyHour Program of classical music, “The Instrumental Variety Hour,” will be presented by an all-student group in the Music Room of the Union Sunday, March 2, from 4 to 6 p. m. This will be the first program of the semester, and is sponsored by the Upion. Compositions will be played by the following students: Vernon Westburg, Phyllis Baker, Paul See-
Names of the nine senior co-eds who have been selected as members of the 1941 May Day Court will be published soon, it was announced by AWS. The co-eds were selected on the basis of appearance, personality, and individuality by a studentfaculty committee. According to the ruling introduced last year, the queen will be one of the nine members of the court already selected, and will be chosen in a direct election, the date of which will be announced in the near future. All seniors may vote in this election on presentation of their passports, and AWS officers in charge of the May Day celebration urge all seniors to participate. The May Day festivities, an annual activity of AWS, will be held in the Music Hall sometime after the first of May. The date and program will be announced later, m.k.b. Hallie Harris, supervisor of janitors at the University of Kansas, estimates that in 14 years he has climbed 6,880,000 steps, or a total of 742 miles.
hausen, and Eugene Kinelski, who make up the String Quartet; Robert Bond, Merle Anderson and Don Frierwill who compose the 'Trumpet Trio; marimba solos will be played by Barbara Heide, and a piano solo will be given by Angelo Castellani.fijukdauL Ss^aotuud.
f^cUty, F^bmoiy 28# l§41
^neihuL
Notices
UniversitY Alumni South Of State
CAtiiyM Clabt Election o< pledscs at Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7 p. m. SatMday, March U Sflgn up the partr ha m. MvcU'a oQice hefore Ftidap afterddMa. , '-BEEOSTEDt. BemaiW a( Ctadttiaaa ia BngBah and SpdMdit Biiaaktoattoni will he held in room m «< tlw Education bnildiag Batnrday. March lb, nl 1 at* >»• iUI Ct ciM Thcoo wanting YWCA cab> Inot potdtlono fdt next pear ohould aond netlllm to Mho Bryant or Him CooUdgo bMore Mardi ». —BBYANT. Boeiew CVeim tn Bngliili: The following elaMco win bo held: Grammar, week w Eefaraafg 17; Puaetnation, week of Febm> ary SM; ftwlUDg, wedc of March 8. They wul be given la room 111 of Uhiverelty JBall at 6 p. m. ■*~CREEK* All Stndcntei Interested in playing in a ■ymidMmy orchestra call 4l861, or leave your name, address and telephone number in the PIA Imx at the east desk of the Union addresaed to ma „ —SMULEVITZ.
... will speak Sunday evening at the Wesley Foundation Forum held at the West Lafayette Methodist Churdi at 6:30 p. m, James Lud* berg, *89, and Lome Doudi ’87f former presidents of the Foundation, will talk on what Purdue graduates can expect when they get out into the world.
Prof. H. W. Qregory, head of the dairy department, attended the annual meeting of the Mid-West Producers Creameries Inc., held yesterday at South Bend.
North Dakota university and North Dakota Agricultural college have been football rivals since 1894,
Thursday and Friday. Classes meet during the heurs 4 to 6 p. m. —BURKHARDT.
Prof, O. G. Lloyd, head of_the farm management department, is in St. Louis today and tomorrow attending a Land Tenure Conference sponsored by the Farm Foundation of Chicago. The purpose of the conference is to review the- research projects in land tenure as they are being carried on by the various combelt states.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, March 1, by schools as follows: those whose names begin with A-E, room 128, Electrical Building; F-K, room 201, Civil Building; L-R, R^m 101, Michael Golden Shops; S-Z, room 264, Electrical Building. —KNAPP.
Stttdonts WHh C or I grades: Examinations for the removal of C or 1 grades in History, Government or Economics will be given Saturday, Match 8. at/I p. m. in room 918 et the Recitation building, implications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitation -ESTEY. Bfology Studenta: Examinations for the removM of G and 1 grades wlR he held in Coulter Hall Saturday, March tp. m. —BINDERS.
Hillcl Foundation: See what you know about current events at our "Information Please" meeting this Sunday, March 2, in room 866 of the Union. Meeting starts at 6:88 and a short but important business meeting will precede the program. —WOLF.
Plans are being laid and programs arranged by the agricultural education staff members for the annual State convention of the Future Farmers of America to be held on the campus April 3-5. This convention will include boys from all corners of the State.
Removal of Conditions in GE 11 and GE 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Golden shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. —RISING.
Ag Stadsuta: Interested in hearing Professor E. B. Hart speak at Bnders Hotel in Indianapolfai March 8 on "Nutrftutlonal Value of Butterfat versus Vegetable Oils" should make reservations with W. K. Mosely, 81& DeOuincy Street before Saturday, March 1.
Roger Williams Club: Chalmers Deputation team meeting at 140 S. Grant at 7:80, Friday, February 28. Ail members of the team please attend. —HARTMAN.
All Co-eds: Those interested in being in the WAA Council sign up at the Memorial gymnasiiun by Tuesday, ^arch 4. —WESTOVER. Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 6, in room 201 of the Ediucatlon Building at 8 p. m. All junior and senior education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and their jobs. —^NORQUIST.
Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon. Match 16. Students interested may obtain peirmits in room 102. —LOMMEL.
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the farm management department will address a meeting of the FarmersBusinessmen Club of La Porte to be held tomorrow night. Cowden will talk on “The Impacts of the War on Agriculture.
Union Workers: There will be a meeting ‘ of all freshman and sophomore workers In the Union office at 1 p. m. Saturday, March 1. —HOETER.
ME 39 C't and I's: A make-up final for C and I grades received in gny division of MB 80 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. In room ME 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE. Wedey Foundation: Skating party baa been planned lor Friday, February 28, at 8:80 p. m., leaving foundation at 10 p. m. Prices are 80c for men and 16o for girls. —McFADDEN.
WSSF: All workers 1 Get workers’ info sheets—full data on campaign—^from WSSF office, room 68 Union, at once, verbatum. —BELCHER.
WSSF: Workers conference with Paul Moiritz 2:80 p. m. Sunday, March 2, in Union reception room Q. —BELCHER.
Publicity Committee for Egg and Chick Show: Short meeting in Union, room 808, Friday, February 28, at 7:30. Be on time. —ARVIDSON.
Religions Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, Fdbmary 28, at 4 p. m. in room 58 of the Union. Open to all who may be interested. —MOFFET. Sknll and Crescent: Banquet before the Cotillion will begin at 7:30 p. m. Friday, February 28, in rooms 856 and 868 of the Union. —BROPHY.
AIChE Meeting: Open meeting Wednesday, March 6, in EE 128. George M. Pohler will speak on "Development of liow Temperature Distillation Equipment.” The new issue of AlOhE Bulletin will also be distributed. —MASSEY.
Military Cede Classes: There are still some vacanciea in the extra-curricular code instruction classes. These include places for 40 beginners on Tuesday, Thursday and Friday, and for 10 advanced students on
Classified Ads
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tyiiewriters, $28.76 to $68.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigrapb work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2778.
Mr. Berley Winton, director of the Regional Poultry Research Laboratory, East Lansing, Michigan and Dr. Carl Brandley, senior pathologist of the laboratory, visited the Agricultural Experiment Station Wednesday and Thursday of this week. They studied the research work under way, particularly in the veterinary and poultry departments. Dr. Bradley spoke at a staff seminar held Wednesday afternoon at the poultry building and showed slides of the gross and microscopic lesions involved in fowl paralysis.
C. M, Hardin of the farm management department addressed the Kiwanis club of Knightstown Wednesday evening on “Agriculture and National Defense.” Yesterday and today Hardin visits Richmond and Indianapolis to confer with milk market administrations in these
British Aid Spanish; Lift Food Blockade, Lend Eight Million By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, Copyright, 1841, Chicago Daily News, Incr London, Feb. 27.—Great Britain’s blockade of Franco's Spain has been abandoned as far as food is concerned. At the same time the British government has granted the Franco government an extra $8,900,000 credit for the purchase of American wheat. This step has been taken in reversal of previous policy, on the ground that Spain is starving. It is explained, however, that the British government has no intention of altering its policy toward Germanoccupied countries such as France, Belgium, Holland and Norway. Credits for the wheat and for shipments that have already begun have been granted on the understanding that none is to be passed on to the Germans. In view of the desperate food situation, the British believe that it would be unlikely that the Spaniards would, in any case, allow food to leave the country. First Cargos To Fire Area The first shiploads of wheat had arrived off Gibraltar a few days before Santander was badly damaged by fire. Sir Samuel Hoar.e, British ambassador to Madrid, had been given the authority to indicate where the wheat should be sent and he ordered those ships to proceed directly to Santander to alleviate the plight of that town. While the British blockade is supposed, theoretically, to remain in force, if the Spaniards wish to and can import more foodstuffs, rationing of such imports will be waived. At the beginning of the war the British imposed the rationing system on all neutrals, permitting them to import only sufficient quantities of materials to satisfy their own needs. Tangier Deal Unconnected There is no apparent connection between the new British policy to
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night Phone 2407, '
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOrRi RLWAV$ WELCOME AT WALCRECNS DRUG STORES
ARE YOU GUILTY ? ? Has She said, ^Tlease Joe, and take me to the
Sophomore Cotillion in a YELLOW CAB
# /
If you don’t have an “Old Bus,” Gus, don’t cuss. For the solution to yoiw problem, Dial 3071 or 5023
Riveter Raegueteers Mat Season To End Face Culver Officers With Badger Clash
After having split two matches in Louisville last week, the squash team will travel to Culver tomorrow to meet the Culver officers. The Culver officers have organized a squash club from which the team that plays is picked. The players that will make the trip to Culver are G. Adams, J. Port, N. Goldstein, R. Green, J. Kolbflei^6li>^. McMillan, Jamfis Mann, M. Marks, and O. Smith. The match/will begin at two-thirty Saturday jaftemoon. w.a.f. Gold And Black Gunnen Win Three Mail Matches Theoretically the most widely traveled team to represent the Boilermakers is the pistol team. Every year these able marksmen hold an" average of twenty meets with teams from all parts of the United States. These meets are held by each participating team on their respective ranges; the certified scores are then exchanged by mail. To date, the pistolmen under the able tutelage of their new coach, Lt. G. L. Brown, have won their first three meets. The opponents that have been defeated by the pistol team so far are: Arkansas State, Santa Clara, and Michigan State. Last year the team under the leadership of Captain Hutton won 21 out of 23 meets with teams from all parts of the country.
allow food into Spain and the provisional agreement reached between the British government and the Franco government over Tangier. Richard Butler, undersecretary for foreign affairs, told Parliament yesterday that the Spanish government had agreed to respect British rights in the former international port of Tangier.
Two Riveters will be eompelinir in their last dual meet as the Boilermaker matmen tangle wiUi the Badgers in the Fieldhonse tmaorrow afternoon. Papmrka, a senior, is eocaptain of the squad and reptesents the 145 pound class. Tim other senior, Alhnan, will face 128 pound Griek, a gentlemaB considered one of the big threats in the Wisconsin line-up. The match, scheduled to begin immediately after the trade meet, about 3 o'clodi, will find a squad of Indiana boys, with the mcceptiem of Papurka and Albnan, fadng a Badger team of indefinite strength. Wisconsin, closing its dual meet season, has a record of 4 wins, 1 tie, and 2 losses. However, the lUveters and Badgers opposed different teams this year, and no comparison of power has been possible. Fredericks Holds Unique Record Co-captain Casey Fredericks, only junior of the team, will attempt to complete a clean slate, having lost no match in his two years of dual meei competition. The defeat of Foster by Sooeier WilKamson, last year’s conference champiim, was his first of the season; Ruggieri has lost 1 of 5 and Hlinka, 2. Both Eviston and Britt have a conference win to their credit, though grappling without high school experience. Deac Gives Prize “Deac” Rdsner, Purdue graduate of 1903, will present a trophy to the high point man of the sqnml. fkedericks heads tibe list with 34 points: Foster and Ruggieri are second and third with 26 and 19 points. rd.m. Battery D 2 Wina Military BasketbaN Championsliip Battery D2 defeated Battery D1 last night in the finals of the freshman military basketball competition by a score of 20 to 16.
There's no THRIFT without SAVINGS.
A penny goes a lox^ way in the . . . UNION CAFETERIA COFFEE SHOP GRILL LOUNGE CHESTNUT ROOM JhsL fiundwL TybinufdcdL lAjniofL The Comer of the Campue— Yet the Center of Actiwties][' ;' ' )* ^ I-, i ‘.K* '''■
TAdtxjt, February 2S« 1941
pMdtUL Sj^tUUM,
'■!% ^ .yl£.-ks^' AS, ii ■ - ■
'it Iritlaai’s Hlisiait
Boilermaker Basketeers End Preparation
For Renewal Of lU-PU Hardwood Fight
Riveters Face lU Tracksters Here Saturday
By Joseph Pafa*tck Dolan
Charley'TheRed"
Indiana, Indiana, and more Indiana until I’m about' batty.' You reply, “Batty?” But to get serious, this Indiana - Purdue basketball game, especially as far as Indiana is concerned is getting down-right nasty. I’ve clipped the following from the Indiana Daily Student: Grrrr! —I-I— Speaking of last season: Much to the chagrin of the title-winning Boilermakers, the-Hoosiers received the invitation to partidiiiate in the National Collegiate Tournament on their ability to knock oflf the Boilermakers. Added to the Boilermakers’ humiliation, the Macmen breezed through the national tournament and were nan^ naUonal' champions, although they finishdl second to the up-staters in the conference race. —I-I— How the Indian^ paper has the rine to talk about Indianan’s selection is beyond me. Indiana was asked only because Lambert i-efused to allow Purdue to play. Kids go to school up here, too. Thterefore I. U. was second choice- to the big show. Also in the above paragraph, you will find the w^ord -‘‘Boilermakers” appearing three times, an error violating one of the elementary laws of journalism. You see, sports writers aren’t supposed to. use the same word more than once (that is a noun with nick-names). And I. U. has a journalism school, too; they just don’t do anything right do-wn there. Tsh! —I-I— To break away from tomorrow evening's battle for a few minutes, I find that a Miller vs. Miller feud has broken out that makes the Martin vs. Coy brawl look like a game of Jacks. Doc Miller’s pill-rollers were soundly defeated last night by co-captain Jim Miller, of football fame. Captain Miller’s team defeated Doc’s pride, joy, and noise by S06 pins, and Jim Miller defeated
. . . Caress, former Bedford flash, makes up in fight all that he lacks in height. Red’s guarding and backboard work has kept Lambert’s hardwooders from going behind in many games this season.
Doc individually by a count of 161146. I must drop over to Doc’s sanctum sanctorum today and find out the truth (or ” ” ” ) of the matter. -1-1— Many athletes have various methods of working their way through college, but Purdue has a new one for the benefit of a couple o’ track men. Stroyeck and Kinder run an apple stand in'thfe Fieldhouse basement and their latest financial statement finds the two doing well.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
SACK 5c —GALLON 15c
So Handy
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Profwsiional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental > Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. UTTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th S Main Ste. Phona 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DEHhST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• jawalars
a Hardware
Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sparb Hardware Quality Mdaa.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phona 2777
a Dairy Products
• Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MlUC Phona 46214
Sparrendahl Tailor Powlar Hotai BMg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
LocktmiHi
Keys and Locks
Mvs for tfunki^ door locl(V.(Mi
locks, ' ■■ ■ —* - —
night lotehos and padlocfca. Auto a ipocMty. Bioyelm, ac-
ooaaorias and rapairing.
MULHAUPrs 309-11 N.SM, ft. nmattM
Inyaders Seek First Victory At Indiana Since McCracken Became Hoosier Coach
Battlin' Bob
By John Kieler Tomorrow morning the entire Boilermaker basketball squad will take its shortest and perhaps the most important trip of the season—the year’s annual foray down to Bloomington. Since w-ay back in the winter of 1901 the Gold and Black hardwood quintets have lost but 13 out of their 65 tilts with the Hoosiers, but few, however, have been so important to the Crimson as this one. Indiana University, 8,000 strong, will be awaiting the outcome of their most crucial encounter of the season with something just a little akin to heart failure. For these unpredictable Boilermakers earlier in the season started them down the trail to their present precarious position, and the same men will be down in the Hoosier gym tomorrow night to finish the job. That the Hoosiers realize to the full the importance of this tilt tomorrow is witnessed by the fact that the game has been a complete sellout for two weeks. For both teams, victory is worth fighting for. A loss for Indiana would see the complete submergence of their title hopes and a loss to the Riveters would almost certainly place them in the second division, a berth they have not held since 1929. Riveters Finish Practice Sessions Scrimmaging yesterday afternoon in the Fieldhouse for the last time, the entire Riveter squad was trying everything, in the books and out, in order to be in peak condition for the tilt tomorrow. Seniors Igney, Pauline and Swartz, who were engaging in their last full practice session for the Boilermakers, will go through a light workout today with the rest of the squad and then at approximately nine tomorrow, the men -will leave for Bloomington. Eight Seniors On I. U. Squad The Hoosiers have no less than eight seniors who will be seeing Riveter competition for the last time. Among their number are listed such nationally known names as Bill and Bob Menke, Jay McCreary and Hermann Schaefer, all men who will be doing their best to end their college careers by being able to say that they defeated Purdue four times out of six, something no other Hoosier team has been able to do since the turn of the century.
Indiana Hot on Home Court " Since Indiana Coach Branch McCracken took charge of the Hoosier ball players, the Cream and Crimson has been virtually invincible on their home court, having amassed the amazing record of 27 victories out of 28 starts. Unfortunately, the Boilermakers have not yet been able to turn the trick; indeed, since the beginning of the McCracken regime the Riveters have been able to -win but two out of the five games played. Last year the Hoosiers, for the first time in history, defeated the Boilermakers -twice in one season, thus making the score in the twin victory series 20-1, with the Crimson on the very, very short end. Coach Lambert’s boys will be out to turn the tables tomorrow night. Seniors Predominate Hoosjer Team As opposed to the predominately junior line-up which will take the floor for the Gold and Black, the In-
IM Schadulet
. . . Dro, who answers to the nickname, “Moose,” will be at one of the guard posts for the Hoosiers in the battle tomorrow night at Bloomington. The Berne, Indiana, senior is one of the best defensive players in the cbnference and is widely feared for his scoring prowess from points around the foul circle.
RIFLE (Regular Competition) Friday, February 28 P. M. 4 :00—Kappa Delta Rho 4 :30—Delta Upsilon 5:00—Delta Tau Delta
BASKETBALL Friday, February 28 Court 1: Harry Schtyartz 7 :00 Bulldogs vs Buckeyes 7:16 Rams vs Eagles 8:00 Wesley Boys vs Chauncey Court 2: John Zehring 7:00 Boilermakers vs Hoosiers T:15 Wildcats vs Tigers 8:00 Circle Pines vs Owen Court 3: H. Goldstein 7:00 Panthers vs Yanks 7:1B Rochdale vs Westminster Court 4: W. B. McAdams 7:00 Dover vs Kneale 7:16 Marwood vs Luma
Hoosiers Next Foe Of Riveter Mermen
diana squad is made op of four seniors and but one junior guard, the ever-present Andy .Zimmer. Schaefer and McCreary will probably take care of the forward spots with Bill Menke at center and Bob Dro playing in the other guard position. j.8.k.
Rounding out a season that to date 'embodies five victories in eight starts against some of the finest teams in the middle west, the Boilermaker tank squad will be in Bloomington tomorrow for a rematch -with an Indiana University team they soundly defeated only—
last Wednesday. ——
Team Leaves Tomorrow Noon Scheduled to leave the campus at noon, the team will arrive at the Hoosier’s camp with only enough time before the starting gun, which is set for 3:30 o’clock, to acquaint themselves with the unfamiliar pool.
Providing a substitute for those who can’t attend the lU bilsketball game^at Bloomington Saturday evening, the Riveter track ^eam will entertain the Hoosier thihclads in the Fieldhouse the same ^temoon. Since his team is hack hi shape after a series of injuries^ and ineligibilities, Coach Phillips is hoping to turn in a good showing against the Cream and Crimson. Such , Indiana lumini^es - as Campbell Kane, Roy Cochrane and giant Archie Harris -will add color to the affair which will be of the relay type. lU Coach E. C.'Hayes relies primarily on these and other stars to carry the burden against the strong teams he has scheduled. Durable Ed However, the Boilermakers have many stars in their own right in Captain Ed Holderman, fast quarter miler, Paul Anthony, Jake Weber and versatile Dave Rankin. Despite these stars. Coach Hermon Phillips believes he has the' best balanced squad he has coached since coming to the Boilermaker institu-
tion.
Though the chance is a slim one, well-adjusted Gold and Black runners may eke out a win • over the powerful Hoosiers. The latter have not lost a meet this season against strong opposition and recently defeated a high-flying Notre Dame cinder squad. Queen Ann Coach Phillips is pleased with the selection of Ann Ostrander as Beauty Queen of the Big Ten indoor track and field championships, which will be held here the evenings of March 7 and 8. 'The queen and her court, Vivian Peterson, Roberta Glezen, Sylvia Pittman and Barbara Hyman, will occupy the victory platform, which will be constructed near the high jump pit in the central part of the arena. As befits all queens, Ann will sit upon a throne, with her court beside her and all -will be dressed in fqrmal attire. The platform will be decorated with potted palms, PMen’s blankets and richly colored floor covering. Ann will also pin a medal upon the winner of each
o.t.c.
ALAN’S Main Street at 4th
. Beauti^ Salon
Prepare for the Social Whirl?
Don’t forget your new hair-do is just as important as your smartest dress. Let our expert stylist, Mr, Long, create one for you.
For
Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs Dial
4281
Mr. Jack Long MANAGER
Miss Mary Krabbe
The fact that Indiana’s pool is 88 feet long, as compared with the 75 foot length of our own pool, may well have an important effect upon the outcome of the meet. There is a tendency for swimmers in an unfamiliar pool to hesitate when approaching the end for fear of missing their turn, and in so doing a break occurs in their rhythm that
is often disastrous.
If last Wednesday’s meet is any criterion, there will be plenty of fast action when the call for the 50 and 100 yard free style events is sounded, for in these races the utmost in speed and stamina is required
from the athlete. Big Ten Meet Next
On the week-end of March 7-8 the University of Iowa will play host to the schools in the Western Conference when the Big Ten swimming meet gets under way at the Hawkeye institution. r.w.d.
Hostess
Continuous Soft Water Mixed Recreatiori
DRY CLEANING NOT ALL ALIKE!
It may appear to you, all DRY CLEANING methods are alike. No sir, there is a hig difference. That is why we just huilt a new plant—new buildings—new equipment to give yon the finest in DRY CLE^JMflNG with the aid of the latest methods.
Crown Laundry
riME CLEAWEItS OF FINE CLOTHE*
. . . will be featured tomorrow night in the Women’s Gym. Games are scheduled until 9:30'when social dancing will start. The pool will be open to both men and co-eds from eight until 9:30. Dates are not necessary.
NAVY
APPUCATION PHOTOS Two Poses Three Prints Each
q.65
TANGO PHOTOS
Phone £433