Mtit Purdue lExpjcrueul
Published DaUy by Students of Purdue U^versity
voj^un XLvm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1987
NUMBER 114
White Hussars Close
Concert Convo Series
Herbert Petrie Presents Variety Program Before Packed House; Four Featured Soloists
Herbert Petrie, leading his White Hussars, captivated his audience at the last concert convocation of the year in the Memorial Gsminasium last night. The variety program, played to a full house, included semi-classics, old ballads, and modem
light music.
Frosh Hear
Lectures
Job
Remmers, Ryder Stress Necesisty Of Degree
Professors H. H. Remmers and R. R. Ryder jointly gave a lecture the fourth of a series for freshmen on the subject, “Occupational Opportunities In Psychology And Education” yesterday afternoon in Stanley Coulter Hall. The various qualifications for work in the field of psychology and education were discussed. Degree Necessary Both speakers stressed the point that psychologists need more training than they did several years ago. “A master's degree is almost absolutely necessary for professional work, while a bachelor’s degree may be sufiicient for vocational work.” The next lecture of this series will be “Occupational Opportunities In Economics And Education” and will be delivered by Dr. Estey on Thursday, March 18, in the large lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall.
A gift of $360,000 to Mount Holyoke College will be used in the construction of a new chapel.
March 12, 1937
WHEN a buxom blonde at Virginia Medical College “swing-hip-ped” into the X-ray department, she impressed the student attendant as being “sort of Mae West-ish.” A few minutes later he was almost convinced. “Have you ever been Xrayed before,” the attendant asked ? “No, handsome,” the blonde replied, fixing her hair, “but I’ve been ultraviolated.” —30—
WHAT University of Texas students thought was going to be a “pipe” exam, turned out just the opposite. “Fellows,” announced the instructor “I'm just as tired of these darn exams as you are ... so I’ve decided to give you an easy one today . . . just one question, in fact.” Then . . . —30— EVERYBODY in the class performed a series of simple arithmetic calculations and arrived at the sum of 100 for* an answer. “Just a minute,” said the instructor, “I forgot something. Recall the number of times you were absent from class during the semester, multiply it by two, and subtract it from the answer to the problem!” • —30— MEN are more curious than women, insist cQ-eds in the Zeta Tau Alpha sorority of Northwestern University. They painted a barrel, labeled it “DANGER”, and placed it on the campus. For one hour the ZTA's in hiding, kept tab, counting 106 men and 24 co-eds who stepped off the walk to peer inside . . . which, according to Northwestern men, proves nothing except that 106 men and 24 co-eds passed the barrel in an hour . . . —30— ABOUT the only thing for which Earl Wasserman, yqung instructor at the University of Baltimore, has not time is a hobby! In addition to teaching English classes at three different colleges in Baltimore, he is working for his Ph. D. at Johns Hopkins University and making a special study of the “Elizabethan Revival.”
Staged dramatically against a royal purple backdrop, the white, gold braided white fur trimmed uniforms of the men were dramatically effective. Miss Blanche Frye pianist, and Miss Maryn Proesel, harpist, wore long evening dresses of
white.
Gold instruments and multi-color-ed foot-lights completed the ensemble for the stage. With such atmosphere, the music, from the Barcarolle, Carnival of Venice, Bach’s Chorale, and selections from Victor Herbert seemed doubly effective for the audience. “Something to please every person is our aim for the program,” said the organizer and director Herbert Petrie. The idea of presentation came to the noted cornetist in a dream. “I saw it like a picture while I was sleeping,” explained the noted cornetist. The men stand while they play, move about the stage and change positions at different movements of the music. Henry Thompson, operatic tenor, with his easy, informal charm and self announced selections delighted his listeners. From triple tongueing to serious opera he executed every number skillfully. Petrie replied to the prolonged applause after the tableau with a graceful “Good night” speech, and thanking his audience for their reception of his White Hussars.
Name WSGA Candidates
Janousek, Martinet, Slocum Nominated
Nominations for the W. S. G. A. offices have been listed by the official committee. Candidates are: for president, Jeanne Janousek, Dorothy Martinet, and Virginia Slocum. For treasurer, Georgianna Huber, and Mary Townsend; secretary, Catherine Mounce and Mary Cooley; junior representative, Sally McKee and Betty Jo Sexton; sophomore representative, Treva Berry and Althea Jorgeson. The co-ed with the second highest number of votes among the presidential nominees will become vice-president. The election, to be held in conjunction with those of W. A. A. and Y. W. C. A., is scheduled for March 24.
G.B.EndersToTalk
At Science Dinner
Tibetan folklore will be the subject of Gordon B. Enders’ talk at the All-Science dinner Tuesday evening at 6 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Enders, the foreign advisor to the Grand Lama of Tibet, is the first foreigner in history to hold a cabinet post^n the “forbidden land.” The tickets, priced at 75 cents, may be obtained at the office of Dean Enders, of the school of science, or from any Delta Rho Kappa member. The banquet is open to anyone, though it is intended primarily for science students.
G. A. Ficht Addresses
Entomology Society
Georgel A. Ficht, an authority on cereal crop pests, last night addressed a meeting of the Thomas Say Entomological Society on “The Control of Cereal and Forage Insects.” Mr. Ficht is an associate of the school of agriculture at Purdue University and is at present working at the University experiment station at Auburn, Ind.
tion plans and Hugh Forster
did the sketching. J-i A.C'l. V/l&Co M. U
Varied Events To Enliven
Senior Honorary Gold Peppers, a senior honorary, was formed several years ago for the purpose of boosting athletics on the campus. Jean Adkins, Betty Barnett, and Sally Schaaf are in charge of the dance arrangements.
Military Carnival Program
By J. E. Brock
An even more interesting program has been planned for this year’s Military Carnival, which will be given in the University Armory on the evening of March 17, than was presented two years ago at the 1936 Carnival. Regular officers and Cadet Officers are working extra hours to get the various events in final shape for the affair, and basic students are getting a real kick out of their part in the presentation. Even the enlisted men on the staff enthusiastically await the event. “Sure, it means a lot more work,” commented one soldier, dressed for duty in blue denim fatigue clothes, “but it’s interesting—don’t mind It.” Program The evening’s program, consisting of eleven events, will open with an Overture by the Purdue Military Band. Following this, the entire brigade will pass in review before President R C. Elliott. The third event will consist of a drill demonstration of the “Command System” which will be given by the first regiment with batteries H-2 and A-2 attached. Next will be an exhibition given by the four 165mm. howitzer squads which won highest honors in the recent competition, followed by an
exhibition of calisthenics to music by the fourth regiment with battery C-2 attached. Armored Car A selected 76mm. squad will demonstrate the part played by light artillery in defending a position against armored cars as the sixth part of the program. The seventh event will be a demonstration of dismounted drill, given by battery E-2. The entire third regiment with battery B-2 attached, will perform a series of movements similar to a regimental parade before the most spectacular event of the evening, the battle scene is presented. The battle scene event will present the cadets in mock battle with steel helmets, knapsacks, and machino guns, as they repulse the attack of the “enemy,” their fellow class mates in disguise. Nightmare Purdue’s well known Zouave squad will present a novelty, “The Re^ cruit’s Nightmare,” as the tenth event of the evening, and the program will close with a mounted drill consisting of maneuvers of eight illuminated truck draw sections. After the completion of the program the cadets and the audience will sing “Hail, Purdue” and “The Star Spangled Banner” befoi^e “dismissal.”
Ag Alumni Plan Dinner Meeting
Agricultural alumni of the class of 1912 will make preliminary plans for their part in the twenty-fifth reimion of their class at a dinner meetihg to be held in the Memorial Union Building Sunday. The silver reunion of the class will take place during the annual Uala Week festivities, April 30-May 2.
Among The agricultural alumni who are planning the reunion and are expected to attend Sunday’s meeting are A. Z. “Mickey” Arehart, W. 0, Mills, Ray Adapis, L. J. Pearce, Virgil Sexson, R. A. Bell, F. E. Robbins, and Charles Dunwoo^.
Newcomers Model Spring Styles
Spring styles in suits, coats, daytime dresses, and evening dresses from Loeb and Hene’s were modeled by Club members at a meeting of the Newcomers’ section of the Purdue Women’s Club, Wednesday afternoon in the faculty loimge of the Memorial Union Building.
Mrs. G, Stanley Meikle, president of the general club opened the meeting, and Mrs. P. W. Thompson, violinist, and'Mrs. Philip E. Soneson, pianist, gave a recital. The following club members modeled: Mrs. George A. Ashman, Mrs. F. H. Demaree, Mrs. H. C, Huffman, Mrs, Hubert M. James, Mrs. Guy O. Kurt?, Mrs. Franklin A. Lenfesty, Mrs. D. T. Meredith, and'Mrs. Tilton Shelburne. Mrs. S. A, Reekley, pianist, played during the fashion show.
New Campus Varieties To Start Mar. 27
The first presentation in a new series of Campus Varieties will be broadcast from the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building on Saturday afternoon, March 27. To be successfully continued however, the programs must be supplied with a constant reserve of good talent. Lee Rieth and Jim Campbell, program directors, hope that all students who have a talent for radio work, such as singing, and dancing, will offer their services. Included on the program for March 27 are such well known artists as Bud Bryant and his orchestra, Johnny Brubaker, The Swingsters, and Paul Emerson. The broadcasts will be open to the public.
Fludderjohn Will Give Illustrated Talk Ou
Cooperative Europe
Herbert Fludderjohn, who has spent several months in Europe studying and taking motion pictures of cooperative societies, will speak and show films on “Cooperative Europe” Monday night, March 16, in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7:30 in an open meeting arranged by the Students’ Cooperative Association.
Cloudy And Warmer
By Tempy Tb« Exponent Weather IConae
Gold Peppers To Dance To Dick Hartom’s Music
Annual Crhed Bid Affmr Tonight Witt Feature Announcement Of Pledges
Dick Hartom and his University of Illinois band will famish the music for the annu^ Gold Pepper dance tonight at 9 p. ul in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Decoratioiis for the dance will consist of black silhouettes of the heads of the Gold Pepper pledges mounted on a white backdrop. Betty-
Bamett submitted the decora-
Union Show Holds
Dress Rehearsal
Urge Audience To Arrive Early; Seats Still Available
“Castles In The Air,” was put together for its first dress rehearsal yesterday morning at the Mars Theater. Excused from their morning classes, 70 members of the cast, together with directors, orchestra, and committee men, arrived at the theater at 7 o’clock in the morning and worked steadily until after 11. Cast, choruses, and the orchestra worked together in a manner that promises a successful" show when the curtain rises tomorrow.
The final rehearsal will be held this morning at 7, with all details in order. Following today’s practice, the cast will rest until the matinee tomorrow afternoon.
Matinee
The matinee starts at 2~ o’clock and the evening performance begins at 8 o’clock. The audience is requested to be in their seats early so as not to disturb the performance. Those who arrive late will not be seated until a number is com* pleted. Suspenders Liost Barring minor accidents, such as the disappearance of “Prince” Bill Jones., suspenders while he changed clothes between acts, the dress rehearsal went off remarkably well. The co-ed chorus practiced quick changes between numbers in anticipation of tomorrow’s show. Bud Bryant's newly organized orchestra played their repertoire of 20 pieces to accompany the singing and the dancing choruses.
Fajans Talks On Indicator Dyes
“Theory And Practice Of Adsorption Indicators” was discussed by Dr. Kasimir Fajans last night before the local section of the American Chemical Society at their March meeting which preceded the dinner. In the most technical lecture that the organization has heard this year. Dr. Fajans demonstrated the use of colored dyes in titration, a subject in which he has recently been specializing.
W. P. Albright Joins University Staff
Prof. C. W. Garrick, head of the poultry department, announced yesterday that W. P. Albright, who has been connected with the extension staff of the Oklahoma A. and M College for last six years has joined the University poultry staff. Albright, who graduated from North Carolina State College in 1929, will handle the poultry program, previously in charge of Leon Todd, according to information rer* ceived from Professor Carried
Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the election of the,following officers: P. R. Marshall, president; D. 0. Miller, vice-president; J. E, Barker, secretary; R. P. Hooker, historian; A Danner, librarian.
Close Winter Short Course Formal Commencement Program Will Be Held This Morning At 9:30
Formal commencement exercises for students in the annual eight weeks’ winter course in agriculture, which attracted a record-breaking enrollment of 184 students, will be held this morning at 9:30 o’clock in the assembly room of-Agricultural Hall, with Dr. Van Norman, of the Dairy Research Council, Chicago, 111., as the principal speaker. Winners
Winners of the contest awards in^animal husbandry, dairy production, general agricidture, and dairy manufactures were announced last night at the thirteenth annual winter course banquet. Joel Habegger, of Monroe, president of the Eight Weeks’ Winter Course Society acted as toastmaster, while the main address of the evening was' made by Palmer Edgerton, of Lafayette, a member of the University Board of Trustees, on “The Beginning Of Something Better.” Short talks ^ere also given by several of the students enroUed in the course. Selections by the winter course orchestra, directed by Professor F. E. Robbins, and a piano solo by Robert Cramier, of Summittville, were also featured on the program.
Independent Staff Wffl Give Banquet Journalists, Dates To Dance After Dinner Tonight
At 7 p. m. tonight in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building, the Purdue Independent staff will hold the first of a series of annual banquets. Following the dinner there will be a dance in ARen’a ballroom for the journalists. The P. I. A. orchestra will play for the dance.
Mr. and Mrs. L. M. Yallely, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Bodden, Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Reisner, and president H. L. Hersch of the Independent Association, will be the guests for the evening.
Remmers Offered Chair
Chairmanship of a committee on standards of membership for the division of educational psy«diology has been offered to Professor H. H. Remmers of the Universi^s education department. The division of educational psychology is a feature of the proposed National Society of Applied Psychology.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, March 20th. Cancellation cards may be obtained &nm the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the deparbmmit in which the subject is given. The cards should then bo filed in the Registrar's QfHce. Assigomente may he cancelled without grade aftw March 20th if properiy approved hy the department cmicmnmd mui by the Dean of Hen. M.' L. FISHER, Dean of Mmn'v,,'('. ‘V'.’i.'’'
/>i’^ I
IJlJgTj*^
V.^i. <.>,<r<.;..> ^7.V, 1,SF| ‘ >'//'!. A '- '°"U>v THE PUKDOB^XPOKENT
^ttrbtte exponent fEmMUi im
g^wocinted €fotttgmte jlrw
-31034 MtMM
1935*'MSC0N9H
Mi>m«Binmo ro* hatiomai. advbrtiain* ev National Advertising Service, Inc. Pmbflslmt R»pmeMUtiv0 480 Madison avs. New York. N. Y. CHICAOO • BOSTON • SAN FRANCISCO LOS ANOSUtS - PORTLAND - SeATTLB
■mrnfifiraA m SBBCiBa clsss BU^tsT At the post offies, Lsfaps^ Indtui^ Del|T*red ^ psr pssp; deUrsred hp esirrisr. $2.80 W pewr; sold by s stogls eopp, 0 esiits.
BoslasBS Phono SOU
OFFICBi—«ie North Fifth Street
Editorial Phmo SM7
Daily Stodent Pablicatioit of Purdue University
KDITOKIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hnlse, chsinnsn; Helen CrcSech, £. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
Masagins Editor..
.JS. H. Morris
AMo^to Editors K. A. Barnette. J. B. Brock. A, H. Fors^. R. P. Ifatiion. C. Jm SanhoBKno Assistants W. M, Anthony. D. A. Bailey, i. A. Chapin, J.R Clark
L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sehr^er, H. L Stanhaek, D. &
B. H. KeUoEE, K. E. O’Neil
Bold and Black Editor J- C- Ohaver
Bnsiness Manager National AdrwtiBing Manager.. Local Adrertising Manager Circulation Manager
BUB1NBB8 STAFF
....R. J. Hulse JU H. Brown
-D. C. Hiller
J. P. Girard
Bditor..
WOMEN'S STAFF
Associsto Editors AdTsrtising Manager..
Helen Creech „Jesnne Janousek, Doris Mc^rtney, BUzaheth Pyke Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—^E. H. Kellogg
The Law vs. The Law The sentencing of a member of an eastern state police force for his fatal attack upon a prisoner during a so-called “third degree” questioning brings to light a weakness in our present day law enforcement setup that is not due to individual members of these forces or to these forces as a whole. It is due, for the most part, to the public's attitude toward the criminals of this country. Leading this school of thought, or lack of thought, come the newspapers and periodicals which splash news of crimes and trials all over their front pages, leaving really worthwhile news for some space on the inside of the paper wherever it will fit. Now, I am not condoning the eastern officer for his attack on the prisoner. This attack was occasioned because some editors set criminals up as “little tin gods,” whose reason for becoming a criminal is to support his “aged mother.” All this is easily seen to be sheer nonsense by the discerning reader, but how many people are really discerning readers ? One way to educate the public is to print the truth about the criminals and their allegedly crooked lawyers. Leaving the “sob stuff” out of the accounts of the crime or the trial would explode the myth that exists in the minds of some readers concerning criminals and their crimes. It would also give enforcement officers an even chance, because they would then know that the prosecution could be conducted before a jury which would have no illusions about the criminal that they were trying.—^D. R. V. A New Course At a recent Skull and Crescent meeting, one of the members stated that the regard for campus traditions had decreased severely, and something should be done about it. He further stated that it would be a good idea to put signs near the various traditional places saying that is a tradition. For example, place signs at both ends of “Hello Walk,” reading, “Now thi^ is ‘Hello Walk,’ and you are supposed to speak to everyone you pass.” That member said that because he thought there were a great many University students ignorant of such things as this. Although putting signs over traditional places on the campus would be too obvious and crude a way of letting a student know of his ignorance and neglect, there is a solution to how students can become acquainted with the University’s traditions and history. A compulsory course on Purdue traditions and history should be taken by students. In the mechanical school it is required of all sophomores to take a course called M. E. 90. It deals with the University’s history and traditions under the direct supervision of the school’s head, G. A. Young. Along with this, heads of the various departments lecture on the merits of their option. It is a two hour lecture course with two-thirds hour credit. M. E. 90 under another name could be applied to all schools in the University. No school has the time of its students so well occupied that two hours a week would hamper or harm them. This course, which requires little or no preparation, is not only interesting but would add a great deal to what a student should know about the University he attends.—K. E. 0.
STUDENT COMMENT
Thumbs Up!
An occasional student with his head in his arms fast asleep is not an uncommon si^ht in the library. The atmosphejre of the place is conducive to sleep. The conventional furniture plus the musty, dusty somnolent air, hoary with the age of forgotten books and authors is anesthetic to the person who comes for any pu^ose except literary research or study (and/or light talk with a friend). For purely recreational reading, unless one is a master of self-projection and self-suggestion, the library is hopeless. L^t semester as a result of an accretion to the Union there evolved the Union library, a product of dreams of the past. It is the antithesis of the library. In place of a vast, cathe-dral-like room housing furniture out of “Standard Furnishings For Libraries” (if there is such a thing) and a collection of volumes terrifying because of its magnitude, there is a small room pleasantly furnished .with comfortable seats, mellow, cheerful lights, and shelves lining the walls which contain the best of modem books and a few “classics,” Nowhere is there a head nodding. Everyone is completely immersed in his book. There is no conversation except for a whispered recommendation of this or that treasure to a friend. The echoes of rushing feet, shouts and whistles from the busy hall seep into the sanctuary, but these only accentuate the quiet and calm of the retreat. Here is reading as a recreation, to be tasted or absorbed in amounts varying with the wishes of the reader, jn a pleasant setting, and among members of the same species. With so mahy other forms of recreations and so many hobbies catered to, it is with keen enjoyment that one of this motley but sincere company of Purdue students expresses his appreciation,—G. D. C.
Famous First Line... I’m getting lazy, folks.. or sometkiiig... yours truly has a new stooge .... KIM is the nan)e . . . the column is yours, my man, “Kim.” ... CONTINUED—and now VI DAMMEYER says she’s gonna take her Pennsylvania boy friend’s pin at spring vacation, BUT—She’s still gonna have dates and—or is she? McNAUGHTON has his moments, too . . . when he knows that Alpha Chi pledge BETTY EVANS is that way about him, he goes slumming with Theta transfer NORMAN in Ye Olde'Sweet Shoppe . . . Pins incorporated show a drop of two points when the Belt pride and joy MURPHY, and Lambda Chi’s Wee Willy put their pins out on BETTY BILLS and FREDA RECKERS respectively. By the by, MURPHY says, “I think I got the wrong gal” ... Pi Phi BLOCKER boasts a Kappa Sig pin from Michigan but could that be ANN SIM’S now betrothed boy friend’s item of barter ? , anyway JOHNNY Drake’s kiss, the other night, doesn’t quite fit into this mess. . . . S. A. E.—Some girls close their eyes when they kiss you . . . Pi Phi—Yes and some girls close their eyes when they shoot you. A date is a date so when the Kappa line is busy, call the old number and you get the Purdue Hatchery, but what’s the difference, they’ll HEN you the same old line. Sunday, JIM SHOEMAKER called up Pi Beta Phi PITTMAN, says she, and said meet me in the Union. PITTMAN, thinking of a Union Show part, fell for the gag, but when the time came SHOEMAKER didn’t show up. Was SHE embarrassed when she reported at play
practice.
.GIRLS — are clever and always CAN — make us men GO . . . the very limit TO ... . satisfy them, but HELL . . , why should we? RUTH ENGLER, end in the Union Show, “Castles In The Air,” . . . she now gets five or six phone calls per night from inquiring admirers . . . some stuff this advertising . . .
It is a well known fact that the SPE boys can’t hold their gals but when two Chi O’s snub two of the former for their STATE DANCE, things have come to a pretty pass. Even DAVE MILLER gets taken down a notch or two now and then . . . grrr. Girls who wear cotton stockings are either self-confident or just don’t give a !?&@!? . . . DEFINITION OF A KISS: A KISS is a peculiar position . . . of no use to one, absolute bliss for two. The small boy gets it for nothing, the young man has to steal it, and the old man has to buy it. It is the boy’s right, the lovers’ privilege, ,and the hypocrite’s mask. To a young girl, it means faith, to a married woman, hope, and to an old maid, charity. V —K. A. A. WHO—MARS -WHO Your editor returns for his thumb nail DEBRIS sketches ... if you hayen’t a DEBRIS there is one at the Union desk . . . NO. 4— He is a booster of the Maloney Electric Go’s transformers . . . NO. 5— She is looking straight at the camera . . . checkered coat ... a plaid scarf . , . hat brim turned up. NO. 6— He is wearing a wristwatch . , , white belt . . . little cup ,,. rolled sleeves ... sweater around his neck. These little skits are easy to find ... A COUPLE OP MARS PASSES for your time ... work out all nine . . . place your results in the box at the Union Desk ...
BallroQin Is
Mecca
For Dancers The Purdue Memorial Union ballroom is the mecca for several hundred rhythmically inclined students and faculty at the mixer each Saturday night from 9 to 12 o’clock. The newly decorated and enlarged ballroom with its excellent floor affords pleasant and delightful accommodations for the dancers. The soft cove lighting with spotlights playing upon the musicians forms a picturesque atmosphere for an evening of dancing. Imported and local bands offer music for every taste and for every type of dancer. ^
Popular Bands
Among the well-known bands which have offered entertainment for mixer-goers are: Ina Rae Hutton, the sensational all-girl band which has been featured on stage and screen; George Hamilton, who for many months played for Veioz and Yolanda in both New York and Chicago and who has remained at Chicago’s Palmer House; Anson Weeks, one of the most popular bands in every part of the country; Bill Hogan, an attraction which has found much favor on the west coast; Henry Busse, who has been one of the highlights on the Chez Paree program for a long run; Freddy Martin, who has won acclaim everywhere as a really great band and has been playing at the Aragon for several months; Jimmy Lunceford, Andy Kirk, Chick Webb, and Noble Cissle offering the best in colored rhythm; Herbie Kay; Barney Rapp; Ben Pollack; Charlie Agnew; Noble; and Donnelly. Orchestras from neighboring campuses and our own local campus bands also offer satisfying entertainment.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByUehtir
Sigma Delta Psi Opens. Membership Contests Any student interested in becom-
ing a member of Sigma Delta Psi, athletic honorary, may attempt to qualify in the indoor events from 4 to 5 p. m on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons, from now on until spring vacation. The events consist of the 100-yard-swim, the front hand-spring, the handstand, the fence-vault, and the 20foot rope-climb. Following spring vacation, aspirants may try to qual-
ify for the outdoof events.
“—and you rush over wit’ ten grand bail fer me, or I’ll bump youse off too!”
be the topic discussed by Mr. D. A. Cameron at a meeting March 17f at 8 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, at the meeting of the Literature Section of the Purdue Women’s Club. Mr. Cameron is from the Bobbs Merrill Publishing Company of In-
dianapolis.
The Guest Day program for the Chi Omega Mothers’ Club will be held Monday, March 16, at 2 p. m. at the chapter house. Bridge will be played during the afternoon.
Dessert bridge will be the program of the meeting of the Kensington Club Friday afternoon, March 12 at 1 o’clock at the home of Mrs. R. H. Carr on N. Salisbury street.
From 1891 to 1936, inclusive, the Catholic U. of American granted
8,094 degrees.
Club Notes
By Dorothea Justin Election of officers' for the Purdue Women’s Club will be held on March 16 at 2:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. A business meeting_will precede the election.
Dr. James L. Cattell will address the French Section of the Purdue Women’s Club Tuesday, March 16, at 2:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building.
‘The Books Of Tomorrow” will
ARC
TODAY—SATURDAY
Buck Jones “Treason” —and— James Dunn in “Two Fisted Gentleman”
Clyde Beatty ‘DARKES'T AFRICA’
Twentieth Century Club will meet Thursday, March 18, at 2:30 p, m, in the Duncan Hall. Prof. P. E. Lull will read Maxwell Anderson’s play, “A Wingless Victory.”
“Who Loves A Garden” will be the address given by Mrs. Allison E. Stuart to the Monday Club at its meeting Monday afternoon, March 16, at 2:30 o’clock at the
Family TODAY—SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Bob Allen in “Rio Grande Ranger” —andr— Ann Dvorak in “Midnight Court”
LUMA TODAY—SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS
ARTIST and MODEL MAN and WOMAN the play that rocked blase Broadway flames across the screen!
-EXTRA-
"Aloniir the Mediterranean” Travel Talk In Color Last Times Today
home of Mrs. G, Stanley Meikle.
Husbands of the members of the Aesthetian Club will be guests of the club at a dinner party Friday evening, March 19, at 6:30 at Lincoln Lodge.
kAiil
FRIDAY—SATURDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS Double talk . . . double fun . . . you’ll double up with laughs when these two zanies of the cinema go to town. Incidentally, there’s plenty of love!
ou
oisEn > •*
i'
ralmifHf
osinfinsi
JOYCE COMPTON • ULA LEE PLUS SECOND HIT
SUN.—MON.—TUE8.—WED. STARTING Mid-Nite Show Saturday 11:30
iw**'®*.
with liqiiALD WOODS''it
’• * (. I V
'Yr^~
fer«' J ^v J}Ay
S. ^
V r ^
rr
Purbue exponent
VOIitlMB XLvra
LAFAYETTE; INDIANA^ FRIDAY, MARCH 12, 1937
Student Union Board Directs All Activities Executives, Vice Presidents Control Many Enterprises
The Purdue Student UnionV claiming for its membership all of the stddents at Purdue and all of the alumni who have contributed $100 or moye, has charge and control of all the many enterprises listed under Union supervision. With the aid and coordination of l;he general manager, James Shoemaker, the president, heads a group of 12 vice presidents, each of whom has special functions allotted to his care. Other seniors holding Union offices are: Walter Scholer, executive; Dorothy Kuehn, co-ed executive; and Ruth Grimm, co-ed executive. Start As Freshmen Sophomores and freshmen work under the vice presidents, with the promise of promotion as an award for achievement. Starting as a freshman a student “out” for Union, as an activity, is put on a vice president’s staff where he paints scenery and runs errands. As a sophomore, if he shows ability, he may be given a position of some responsibility, and perhaps will be in charge of a project or two. The vice presidents, all of whom are juniors, are chosen by election, one for every 300 students in each school, and bear the brunt of the hard work. The president, always a senior, is also chosen by election, and must have served his three years of apprenticeship as a qualification for his candidacy. All students “out” for the Union, as an activity, serve without pay. Board meetings are held every week, with all upperclassmen in attendance. Vice presidents who will soon come UP for election as next year’s president are: J. W. Scatterday, L. A. Riefh, F. T. Sheets, H. Pforzheimer, H. P. Wiegandt, G. Claypole, R. B. Fitts, W. K. Stallings, Lorna McLeod, Mary Mytinger, L. E. Putze, Jeanne Perkins, Robert Reid. .
More Than 100 ’Phones Used Throughout Union
An internal system of one hundred phones serve every corner of the Memorial Union Building through a central switchboard. Six "trunk lines” connect the building with the outside, all of them public. All local calls are free.
Union Pre)(y
James H. Shoemaker, student president of the Memorial Union.
Reading Room Emjoyed By Many Students
The iSrowsing Room, one of the newest additions to the Memorial Union Building, affords the litera-ture-loving student pleasant relaxation from the weary routine of text and note books. Here on open shelves are nearly 100 volumes of the world’s best literature. The chairs are comfortable, the light soft, the room quiet—perfect atmosphere for relaxation and escape from the many demands upon student life. Fiction About half the books are fiction. Books of travel are very popular, as is biography, and the best is offered in both fields. Philosophy and history appeal to a number of readers, while others prefer essays and poetry.
False Teeth, Pens, Books Among Lost And Found Articles Left In Union
A “lost and found” department daily returns pens, books, and wearing apparel to-their rightful owners. Numerous articles go unclaimed, and after a month are sent to the oflice of the dean of men, clearing house for misplaced valuables. A pair of false teeth removed by a patron of the Cafeteria, presumably to facilitate his soup drinking, were left unclaimed and may be reclaimed by the owner if he can establish his ownership.
Pf exy, Deans Claim Union Is Valuable Asset To Students
X*
ELECTIOJf ODDITIES (From the Exponent of Feb. 26) Electioneers yesterday reported the astounding discovery that there is a junior in the University who has never been inside the Memorial Union Building — much less the
Sweet Shop.
Still more unbelievable is the fact that this student has attended the University for three years.
Whether recluse, hermit, or outcast, that student and others like him have been missing an essential part of University life. President Edward C. Elliott, one of the Union’s earliest friends, says, “At the cornerstone ceremony of the Purdue Memorial Union I said, ‘here, in this building to be, life will be lived, enriched, and humanized by enduring and understanding friendship!’ Now, after observing the Union for more than a dozen years, I am convinced that the student who fails to enter the Union in his studentship thereby lessens his chances for a satisfying career, not only while in Purdue but after Purdue.” " Dean Fisher Speaks Dean Fisher says, “There is a considerable number* of students to whom the Union could give the social and recreational advantages that are the real mark of an educated man.” Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, has this advice for students, “The Purdue Memorial Union Building is an expression of the friendly spirit of your University. It exists to give you an opportunity "to teamrto woiSs with people and to develop enjoyable avocations. In your explorations of the many interesting features of the building, don’t neglect the Music Room and the Browsing Room. While they do not call so loudly or so insistently for your attention as other rooms in the building, they Can offer you hours of sheer delight if you will but refuse to be one of those who ‘having eyes, see not, and having ears, hear not!’ ”
Students bowl an average of 400 games a day on five alleys in the basement of the Memorial Union Building.
FVoitt Birth To DeaA hi The UnioimilnMMt/
A recent survey revpals that a man can enter the Memorial Union Building as a child, grow to maturity, acquire an education, live a full, contented IHe, and die as an old man, all without leaving the building! A bit confined, perhaps, but what does he lack ? He ^n eat, read, dance, study, bowl, piay billiards, listen to the world’s best music, meet his friends, get his shoes blacked and his hair cut—in short, all his needs are met without ever setting foot outside the door. Fascinating though the picture is, there is still a drawback. The survey lacks consistency. For it is impossible that a man be truly educated until he has seen “Castles In The Air,” and our hypothetical hero would have to go to the Mars Theatre to see that!
The Union Has A Room For Every Event
“May I reserve a room, please ?” This is a familiar request that comes to the person who reserves these rooms for your use. Rooms for six, sixty, or six hundred, a place to talk, a dinner meeting, or a hall for dancing from nine to twelve! Some days the calendar is full, in fact that is the usual state of affairs, yet a last minute request must be met and a corner provided for a most necessary conference. Faculty Lounge The Faculty Lounge is probably the most sought-after room as it may be used for a meeting, a dinner, a tea, a bridge party, a musicale, or a dance. Rooms 1 and 2 are next in popularity because of the comfortable upholstered chairs and Uie«Jovely deepotonerih rug'which adds much to the atmosphere and comfort of tiie room.
Free Check Room Service Offered Union Patrons
tips al-
A check room with no
lowed.
That’s a service offered by the Union. You can leave a hat and coat with the confidence that you’ll get your ovm back—promptly and courteously, without fishing in your pocket for that everlasting dime. Students are encouraged to make good use of the check room, for that is its purpose.
UnionBufldingStandsAs Memorial 1 o War Dead
Setbacks Hamper Construction} 7,020 Persons Finance Structure} /. E, Walters First President A memorial to Purdue’s fallen World War heroes, dedicated to service and true education, the Memorial Union Bulldhig fills a need in student life that was felt from the time the University was first established. George 0. Hayes, an undergraduate leader of the class of 1912, agitated for a “home for
student, alumni, and faculty activities.” Hayes, a member of Sigma Delta Chi, now vice president of the Penton Publishing Company of Cleveland, per-
suaded the class of 1912 to vote an
assessment of $5 on every senior to start a fund for a building. Succeeding classes followed suit until 1917, when $17,800 had been collected. Seek Memorial Then came the World War. At its close, with a record of 4,013 of her sons and daughters in the service, 67 of whom would never return, Purdue looked about for a fitting memorial to her heroes. Convinced of the wisdom of a useful memorial, Purdue launched a drive for a million dollars to erect a suitable Union Building. Funds came in rapidly, and by Armistice Day, 1920, $800,000 had been pledged. Prom the first, money was raised entirely by subscription; no state taxes have been expended in erecting or operating the building. Cornerstone Laid The cornerstone was laid in November of 1922. Within the stone is a list of the 7,020 people whose contributions made the memorial possible. Construction proceeded with interruptions and disappointments after a temporary halt in 1923, due to the exhaustion of funds. Work was resumed after another financial drive, and the Memorial Union Building was formally opened in Septefiitj@ref‘1924. Raise Bond Issue The ballroom and the cafeteria were the only parts then in use; the remainder of the building was unfinished until the building was completed in November of 1929. The Board of Trustees of the University raised a bond issue of $400,000 t& complete the interior and add the present wing of 60 residential rooms. In 1936 and 1936 the ballroom was enlarged and the present east wing was added, accomodating the music room, the browsing room, and a number of meeting rooms. The Union is deeply indebted to
Music Room Shows Master Paintings
An appreciation of art on the part of the students is the purpose of the paintings on exhibition in Hie Musie Room. Oils, water colors, prints, and etchings may be found there at various times, many of them the work of master painters. AQ kinds of paintings are on exhibition, with the hope that the students win learn to distinguish the good from the bad. In a setting of quiet beauty, under the arched ceiling, these paintings appear at their best. Music, the heavy drapes, and the soft glow of indirect lights give an artistic atmosphere that is in quiet contrast to the hurry of University life. Exhibits are changed about every two weeks. Modernistic paintings, as well as old favorites, afford ah education in art to all who take advantage of them.
the Vision and determination of President E. C. Elliott and to the guiding genius of David E. Ross. At one time, David E. Ross, A. E. Eemmer, and Henry Marshall were personal security for Union loans amounting to $75,000. Dr. J. E. Walters, now director of the personnel department, was the* first student president of the Union, and served as general manager Lrom 1922 to 1929. He bore the brunt of the eaTly campaign, and it is due to his energy and ability that the Memoriaf i o n ’"Buildingr ihas^ reached its present position of service and usefulness. Thus, by sacrifice and determination, students and alumni have raised a useful memorial to Purdue’s war dead. The Memorial Union Building is the focal point for everything about Purdue; it stands, for the fullness of student life. Here one may come to meet his friends, to read his book, to dance, to play, to learn, or to work. Kve thousand people enter the building every day, on about that many errands, each confident that the Memorial Union Building holds the answer to his wants.
Congratulations... Distinguished Students
FRESHMEN
AGBICUlffUBB .
K. G. Bruington, J* .f:
R. Finley, 6.09: »•!'• /•
Haverkninp, 6.26; F. E.
McConnell, 6.84; T. J- ®-®X.’ S’ Paarlberg, 6.81; 0. M. Stuart, 6.09; D. R.
Wray,-6.81.
T. W. Abolin, 6.00 i G. M. Adanw, 6.90; R. Aldag, 6.18; C. J. Ancker, 6.87; E. Appl^ ^df 6.67; J. W. Ashton, 6.26; L. ^ Au)^ 6.48; W. E. Catterall, 6.98; I* S. man, 6.07; I. I. Dagan, 6.08; 3. I* Daley, 6.06; W. E. Dunshee. 6.99 * 6.84; H. F. Fishbum,'^6.08jB. E. Hall, 6.«, F. S. Hallett, 6.17; B. D. “awnon. 6.11; W. J. Harris, 6.26; B. B, Hb«u«P, 6.00 ; W. A. Hart, 6.82; R R K Heckman, 6.06; 0. A. IfcidbrOdw, 6.61, K. Oe Houston. B.67; A* B. Huston, 6*^, P* EIrick, 6,68; 8. 0. Jones, 6;l28! N. K^, 6.89; H. G. Kolb. 6.81; K. W. Kwbler, 6.00; T A. Levy. 6.84; 0. F. Lutz, 6.40; L. L. Lyl«. 6^K a: 'Lynch. 6.00; It.J. McO^ 6.22;W. O. MeWorkman, 6.00; D. 6. M^colM, 6.48; D. W. Meyers, 6.81; P. W. Millerre.!!; J. S. NitsChe. 6.69; W. Ohman, ^ 6.28; N. H. Olsen, 6.684 G. A. OB(M)hun<too, 6.06; N. H, Riise, 6^6; H. E. BaweH. 6.M; Louise Girardeau Schickler, 6.67; L. W. Schmidt. 6.27; B.J. Schrader. 6;A7; M. ^ tig, 6.00; B. Squires, 6.90; L. D. Stew^ 6.86; B. E. Stradling, 6.00; N. ^it. 6.08; D. G. Terrio, 6.42; A. F. White, 6.08; H, D. Wilmeth, 6.07; Woodsman, 6.90 ;J. 0. Woodson, 6.42; B. F, Yarber, 6.00; K. E. Yost, 6.17.
Hartman, 6.84; F. D, Henderson, 6.08; Sister Mary Laurina Klein, 6 82; J. E. Orr, 5 26 ; W. J. Sanders. 6.00.
SCIENCE M. S Bstey, 6.22; B. G Goodin, 6.81; Margaret Constance Gran, 6.66; J. J. .Haiges, 6 00; J. A. Hebbeler, 6.48; Patricia Louise Heine, 6 28; W. B. Leffler. 6.16; K. L. Maxwell, 6.86; Janette Elizabeth Morris, 6.61; Katherine Ella Mounce, 6.71; B. F. Munro, 6.81; W. H. Mytinger, 6.58; E. Novitski. 6.67; Helen Ruth Steffee, 6.86; Steinbach, 6.22; M. M. Stoner, 6.22; Elinor Douglas Ward, 6.14; R. C. Weber, 6.61; Betty Jane Wickard, 6.72; Mariana Wilson, ^Jll.
Harvey, 6.62; V. E. Holmes, 6.90; L. E. Keck, 6.70; C. G. Moller, 6.67; M. Parson, 6;16; F. A. Robbins, 6 28; G. B. Small. 6.08; W. H. Smith, 6.02; H. L, Timms, 6.16; C. F. Warner, ^.11; W. H. Winslow, Jr., 6 88.
C. W. Harrison, 6,19; D. T. Low«:y, 6.64; R. H. Schlundt. 6.86; J. M. Sheadel, 6 08; H. P. Wells. 6.68; L. H. Wollenweber, 6.17.
sopi4mobes
HOME ECONOMICS Alice Jane Archbold, 6.46; Alice Louise Breitwieser, 6.66; Kathryn Louise Buckalew, 6.08; Barbara Conner Gibbs, 6.62; Pearl Jackson, 6.67; Marilia Elizabeth McCool, 6.04; Helen Marie Scott, 6.62; Janette Marie Shaffer, 0.O7: Mary Elizabeth Wien, 6.68. PHARBIACY H. Hopkins, 6.27; Marjorie Jean Rogers, 6.28. PHYSICAL EDUCATION J. C. Lyboult, 6.08.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERING W. A. Alice, 6.46; D. D. Baals. 6.00; S. K Beisley, 6 64; T. B, Brink. 6.16; J. E. Brqck. 6 19; J. G. Conway. 6.10; E. N. Cox, 6.18; E. E. Criss, 6.26; F- M- Crosby. 6.47; B. L. Eichhom, 6 89; P. S. Emnck, 6.16; H. E. Griesrer, 6.87; B. C. Kingsbury, 6.00; B. B. Landis, 6.30; F. H. Mcl^ughlin, 6.08; A. E. Markham, Jr., 6.02; D. A. Morrison, 6.29; J. R. Murray, 6.16; W. C. MushaU, 6.60; J. W. Reichart. 6.20; C. Sarles, 6.42; R. L. Scott. 6,00; J. W. Small, 6.68; 6. P. Springman. 6.00; R. N. Whitinlg, 6.10; R. O. Wickersham, 6.81.
CIVIL ENGINEERING J. M. Baker, 6.21; W, EL Keenan. Jr., 6.87; P. Milner. 5.16; C. T. Remolds. 6.24.
ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING IBL a Burrell, 6.03; J. £. Burroughs. 6.04 ; E* G. Gteber. Jr., 6.38; 0. F. Hall, 6.67 ; J. C. Leffd. 6,24 ; ol P. Levy, 6.83; L. P. Lischer. 6.68; B. W. L®®hr, 6.08; K. B. Mc^chron. Jr., 6.6T; W. L. Rott, 6.18; IL Tr^oh. 5.00; a E. Weppler, 6.08; W. W. VUnter, 6.00; S. R 6.09; W. a Wood. 6.46; J. R Woodruff, 6.12.
AGRICULTURE •W. B. Allen, 6.61; *D. P. Bline, 6.78; C. E. Decker, 6.21: *T. B. Glazebrook. 6.22; L. S. Hardin, 6.67; *R L. SchneU. 6.17; E. W. S^aMon, 6.07; H. I. Yalowitz, 6.06. * in the Department of Forestry.
CHEMICAL BMGINEBRlMG W. S. Craft, 6.26; J.a Dimus, 6.20; D. Duffey, 6.62; A. G. Eickmeyer, 6.67: A. R Fowler, 6.88; C. E. Lacy, 6.88; W. D. McEachron, 6.76; D. S. klartin, 5.97; O. B. Moan, 6.82; A. R Moses, 6.00: R. A, Phillips, 6.80: L. W. Sink, 6.20; L. F, Stutzmon, 6,61; B. W, Welborp, 6.48; R. 0. Woem^r, CIVIL ENGINEERING a F. Hill, 6.26; A. H. Kraas, 6.0Q; M. J. Prassas, 6.11.
SCIENCE K. B. Brown, 6.24; P. E. Brumfield, 6.89; Mary Jane Cleveland, 6.09; Joyce Elinor Davison, 6.00; L. B. Fishman, 6.68; C. L. Grannon, 6.82; R R Hafinas, Jr., 6.06; R N. Housekeeper, 6.69; M. Jones, 6.74; E. Kammerling, 6.08; Virginia Rose Kungel, 6.67; Mary Alice Learning, 6.80; Kathr^ Marie Merritt. 6.22; Y. V. Parke, 6.07; Katherine Elizabe^ Pultz. 6.11; D. W. Shetwo^, 6.00: W. a Shipley, 6.28; Anne Irma Suliot, 6.29; B, 0. Waiter, 6.07; D. White, 6.14; Sylvia Frances Zussin, 6.06.
PUBLIC SERVICE ENGINEERING 6. D. Gross, 6.26; A. H. FVirster, 6.00; J. W. Fredericks, 6.88; S. A. "Wi^ht, 6.23.
HOME ECONOMICS Lorna McLeod, 6,06.
PHARMACY C. Mailath, 6.76.
JUNIORS
AGRICULTURE
SCIENCE Marjone Blalock, 6.08; Catherine Ann Cromer, 6.26; Luoile Anne Dobson. 6.21; L. P. Douglas, 6.06; C. B. Goode, 6.24; Sara Kathryn HochsteUer, 6.88; Mi^ Jean I&ht. 6.17; J. A. McClintock, 6.24; G. 6.48: A. A. Badkey, 6.00; Martha Jean Sodiner. 6.24; H. a Stine. 6.24.
EOHKIANICAL ENGINEEBIMG ■n ^ V' J®**®* 0*65; a B. Carbon, 6.K; R O. Carlson, 6.08; B. I. Chastain. 6.10; R 5?" Chmsoweth, 6.16; a L, CCplen, Jr.. 6.01: & 6. Da^, 6.22; a A. Dean. 6.42; J. W. Enaens, 6.19; W. W. Gilbert. 6.08; R R Hei^y, 6.44; R a KeReyr 6.08; & P. K18: a. P. Kueqk. 6.14; W. CWeaL |«1 J a
, W^ G. Beck. 6.88; D. V. Cateon, 6.16; ‘W.
■ ‘ rer, KO0; ‘R W.
HOME ECONOMICS , ^ Shirley Louise AndersOT, 6»W J
Louise Berry, 6.89; Catherine CtoI^, 6.12; Lloyd Joanne Edsou. 6.17; R(^ Jroet Wlord. 6.20; Jeame florouoe Hor^tz,
6.66; Chariot Adelle LochWi
tha Jane
6.00; Anna Louise Siclqifi^n, 6.14? Shiyley
Selma Yonover, 6.26.
ELECTRICAL EKGINEERING J. S. Brbwn, 6.42; J. Covington, 6.02; L. flnkelstein, 6.60: G. B. Guthrie, 6,18; J. E. Kessel, 6.24; N. Kovachevich, 6.28; J. C. LungerhauseO, 6.18; R R Seely, 6.001E. P. Smith, 6.02; M. S. Strzalkowski, 6.88; J. L. Thompson, 6.06; Q. W. Toben, 6.00; G. J. Weitbman. 6.87.
J. M. BreWev. S' S' Faulkner. 6.82; R. P. Gerdlng, 6.72; G. O.
MECHANICAX, E^GINBERING L. T. Askren. 6.06; J. D. Baker, 6.08; D. W. Clugston, 6.14; P. S. Collier, 6.00; C. R Dixon, 6.06; J. R Ramiaer, 6.18; D. O.
a Gnyer, 6.00; W. Meyer,
Rambo, 6.26.
* In the Department of Forestry. CHEMICAL ENG1]^EBBIMG
R D. Best, 0.00; J. W- Greiner, 6.41; R P. Griffmhagen. 6,22; a V. Gmhb. 6.20; S' h <3- A. ^iehelderfer. 6.684 W. 8. Reveal. 6.61; J.
A. Vitale. 6.07.
BNGWEBmNG Katherine Virginia Klemme, 6.20: H. L. Stewart. Jr.. 6.2T; J. ]^Wng. KM." ELECTBICAL ENGINEERING E. 0. Almcander, 6.29; M. D. Bamnra. 6.42; J. P. Bell. 6.00; C. D, Bhinj^Sj^j
SENIORS
^ _ AGRICULTURE « .Anderson, 6.29; A. Cantvydl, 6.46; R a Dieterich, 6.18; L. J. Dond, 6.60: M. Drake, 6.29; G. W. Freeing, 6,10; J. A. Hoefer, 6.10; R L. Morris. 6.82; J. L. PalBfier, 6.88; *K. R Swinford. 6.88; P. G. Warren, 6.10. * In the Department of Forestry.
HOME ECONOlilCS Anna Louiba Hixon. 6.40; Dorfit Marioiy^tdiin. 6;89; Dorotha Symona. 6.86; Elisabeth Tyler, 6.60; Mgu^rWihm. PHABKAGY B.’p.'SkjaMf ■■
^ CHEMICAL ENGINEERING 0. A. George. 6,00; a 1. Hersh, 6.80; R Uoyd. 6.27; H. J. Oherding, 6.68; G. Per1^, 6.01; C. R P^erew, 6.24: F. W, Itobii^n, 6.08; W, R abbitt, 6.81; J. C. Vaughan. Jr., 6.60; J. R Wen;^. 6.11.
n iw J^^®AL I»UCATI»N G. M. Downey, 6.19; P, R Staloi^, 6.00. SCIENCE n Anderson. 6.36; Betty Raur. KS2; ^ Canateey. 6.05; DorotliSr 5 5* !^,®f^b«rg. 6.86; R R Ja^m 6.47; Dorothy Kuehn. 6.50; Ella Loa^^^ ^Joyce Ramsey. 0.00; Chats ^1** Bawlet^ 6.88; R F. Ftoyator. 6.67 •' i5m^60^®*^
Peter
66
Doc Anderson
N’t /I
"•i.
4^
1 (ifc
' J ^
Til t . ‘-M
,k f S
it, I■Si' ’
I i^ V . ‘
Seniors, now is like time to Irave your order for Oip and Gown. Get the best ahd a perfect fit.
Tennis Balls lOc, 20c, 25c, 30c, and 45c
Tennis Rackets'from $1.95 up
KlI Jones, EE '38, who plays the part of Ihince (hirol of Latavia, and whoM tenor voice sihgrs the hit son^s of the show.
DEACS
H. G. REISNER . Book Store
See » »
“Castles In The Air” for the best in entertainment.
See » »
Our store for the best in office supplies, books, stationery and athletic equipment.
We always have an excellent supply of novelties, cards and gifts for all occasions.
A visit to our store will convince you that our merchandise and service are highly commendable.
Betty Ann Florer, HE '37, director and oriETinator of all dances used in “Castles In The Air.”
Phone 6477 518-20 Main
DECKER'S
Congratulations
to both Cast and Producers
And speaking of producers—-we want you to know where to have dented fenders reproduced so that they look new. Not only dented fenders, but we’ll also make your car produce more speed and power. For anything in the automotive line, see
J(^ F. Bmbaker, EE '37, director and instructor of all the sineing parts, cast and chorus.
Peter Anderson Co.
525 ALABAMA
Service From Sunrise to Sunrise*
PHONE 4048
You*ll Enjoy the Show
and
YouMI enjoy tradinj at our stores
EASTER (Sunday, March 28)
Candies ■■■ Bunnies ... Gifts
Martha B. Whitehead, HE '39, who playp the , part of Ju-Ju Durant, and thrills rehearsal audiences with her soprano voice.
SOUTHWORTH'S
STORES
IN THE mLAGE
HAYWOOD
FOR THE ULTIMATE IN
ENTERTAINMENT--^ SEE
"Castles In Tlie Air"
For the Best—— • BUTTERMILK • COTTAGE CHEESE • RUTTER , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ • CHOCOLATE Milk and other dairy products
Use
Sunshine
Farms
Phone 5015
Attention, ”Castles In The Air” Fans
We have a new complete line of Spring shirts.
‘ ' *’ -
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Some folk think of Fine Clothes as
but really. Crown Cleaning makes "fine clothes" from your soiled garments. For fine cleaning, send them to the
CROWN
RIDE TO and FROM
^'Castles
Stripes
Checks
CALL
OP
We also have a complete line of neckwear to match.
423 FERRY ST.
LAFAYETTE
Make an
of it
STOP AT WHEELER’S After the Show
Whether IF s a
Mary E. Granger, HE ’4t, wha pUsm Oe
‘ 1 wha huM
part of Evelyn Devine, a poor girl alwajrs dreamed of marrying a prince.
Continuous 24 Hour Service
TASTY SANDWICH • APPETIZING DINNER • CHOCOLATE SODA
or
Anything else you might desire -^LET VS SERVE YOU—
420 MAIN
LAFAYETTE
Many times we build them when dreaming of many happy hours at home with our music.
These dreams need not be merely “Castles in the Air” but can be developed into realmes in comparatively short time. Music is recreation, Music is fun, Music is life.
Our dignified credit Plan is open to you. Ask us about it.
Bud Bryant, E^ ’38, director of the “CastlM In The Air" orchestra, and popular campus band leader.
514 Main St.
Phone 7917
Hew In Town
A new cotton dress shop—-some-thing you’ve j long waited for. A generous selection of washable street dresses and suits—in all sizes and (dhic styles.
Mary Ed Johnston, Sc '4S. who plays tha part of Aianle Moor, a dgaietto gtid. who supplies humor to the prodncHon.
313 Colombia
Lafayette
YOU CAN’T MISS
on
•‘•■Castles in the
or
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
We noUgbt suggest the ‘*€881168 in the Ah’* .and Weiit Stda Cltnmers are two of a kind* Both have a most cooksiootiiHpa staff and east; hath are trying^ their best to pkaok k’s our het that yon won^ be diAope^nkd ht
Rutti A. Grimm, BE *3.7. casting diroetor and dramatics instritetor of “Csatka In nta Air."'-- ;■
222 North
**f ndianO’s Afost Modem Clemming Fteimr* (Pieh-tto and Delivttt^ Sorviee) HknnoHNil
' f ■
/
^ ^ if- ^THE
CHE PXJRDOE EXfOKENt. * '' ‘ * ^[>’“’“■''1^'-''^: '''''■■ "
It
.1:,
v‘;^' / 4''
:vt-'vh.-^t-^
IT’S
-T-
Be one of those who frequents the UNION BUILDING —saunter through, or rush through, on the way to the library or to the village. Spend a few minutes a day in the lounges, music room, or browsing roona, or elsewhere where students gather . . . A warm welcome awaits you without cost, inconvenience, or embarrassment to you.
Corner of the Campus . . . Yet the Center of Campus Actwifies
■' ':V'
't't:t't>:A-SHead BasebaU Coach
' Ht^cMved Nine Hkrei Spent Se^pn in White Sox^s Training Camp Having risen seiisationallyvin the University coaching department in the three years since his graduation* “Dutch’^ Fehring is succeeding “Piggy” Lambert as head varsity baseball coach. Lambert has been holding down the double duty of coaching the basketball and baseball squads since |92^^d has asked that he be relieved
of his job as baseball rhentor so that he can spend more time on his cage teams and teaching duties. The appoint m e n t, which is eifectiye immediately* made yesterday by “l^pbe” Klzer, Director of Athletic^. Fehring was a stellar performer in three major sports in; his under- ' graduate days and was recognized as one of the greatest all-around
athletes in Big Ten history- In his three years of competition he gained nine niajor letters, capturing three awards each in football, basketball, and baseball. As captain of the 1933 grid eleven, Fehring was voted All-American honors practically unanimously as an outstanding tackle. In addition to playing on two undisputed Big Teh championship c^ge teams in 1932 and 1934, he also harvested all-conference choice as basketball center. ^ Grabbed By Sox His prowess as a catcher on the baseball team gained hinj recognition as Qne^ of the best men who has
been developed inhollegihte circles. Immediately ufter his graduation in 19'34 he Was grabbed up by the Chicago White Sox and after spending the smnmer in training camp, he theii returned to his alma mater ih the fail Of 1934 and assumed the positions Of head freshmen football and basketball coach and assistaht coach of baseball. A year later he was lifted to the rank of assistant on the varsity football coaching staff.; . “Dutch” will still retain his position as assistant varsity grid coach and head freshman basketball mentor in addition to his new duties. Far from entering into baseball merely as a coach, he has kept in active competition in the IndianaOhio league, playing whh the Lafayette .team.
Greek and Latin, the so-called “dead” languages, haVe been assured a long life at Northwestern University as a result of $30,000 from an alumnus to be used entirely for scholarships in classical languages.
FLY HOME
Low Fares—New Luxury Liners—Fast Service Bud Skinner—^Traffic Representative-r-Kappa Sigma House “Serviii* All Altlinee”
ICE CREAM
Drumsticks fSa* Pints, 15c Nut Roll Slice—Cheerios MMWiim prQuarts, 25c
Dad’s Place
Se Daiidy
1-
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at
SOUTHWORTH’S
*‘Me trade ’em these-^ou trade *em Arrow Shirf*
Arrow shirts are fashioned of superb fabrics—tail-
best-looking collar. Look for the Arfbw label, f $2 to $3.50
Mitogor-'tailored to fit Sanforized Shrunk
ARROW SHIRTS
aXPOWENT iBMMBMiiiHnii
fielder’s * choice
^ Note i Bill FiBeld,'h^pci* ate spor% editor, is gnast cpndnctbr of thiacoiulnn today. The^^^^ chances of making a fair sho^ng in the Ehg Ton Indoor i^ack Meet today and tomorrow have been lessenOd'by on infection in Art Bodeaia's fekn « . . BOdeOu, sophoniofe half miler* has been making an excell^t showing on the indoor track this winter . . . Go-Captain Bob Williamson is now the Boilermakers’ best chance of collecting any points ... : , ■—-fc—r ■ ■ ■ / Ellsworth Vines, world’s professional tennis champion was defeated by Fred Perry, former world’s aniateur' champion, Wednesday night at the Butler fi'eldhouse in the 29th match of their present tour , .;yines won the first set 6-2 and lost the next two 6-0, and 6-2 . . . a word Of encomagement to the dubs—Perry served doubles a number of times during the first set- . . . ; ■ -^-fc—' There are Il9 young men Out for spring football . . . an increase of 19 over last year’s^ turnout . , . . considerable interest was stirred up last year by a found robin system in which four of the Big Ten schools were represented . . . The Big. Ten Wrestling matches will be held at Ann Arbor this coniing week-end with Michigan University being the favorite over Indiana . . . the latter school has won the title for seven years . . . .. —■ . The new fieldhouse is going up by leaps and bounds . . . a look at the architects’ plans is proof enough that it will have to go up by leaps and bounds to be completed by next fall
Wesley Foundation To Hold Sixth Skating Party Tonight Buses will leave the Wesley Foundation House at 6:30 and 7:16 tonight for Maple Point where the foundation will hold its sixth roller skating party of the year. The price will he as usual, 40 cents per couple or 26 cents a person.
Not Too LateTd EnroU Ballroom Dancing Classes Beginners’ Wed.* Mafch 17th ADVANCED Thurs., March 18th
7:00 P. M.
AIIbTJL ^ 6th and Ferry
Rath Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Serving Ptlrdue for 37 years.
635 Mall1^St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7966 — 8050
PLUMBING / AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Wefkhoff Company Phone 3882 -
NameTredwell Tank Captain
Baldkfiti^ef Rivling I* 8 Duriiig Gomiitg Year
Looldiig forward to a sucCessfiil sef sph next year, the Boilermaker tankmen convened Wednesday night and started out fight by electing for their captain, Gil Tredwell, stellar diver and backstroker^-a member of ibeta Ghi fraternity. Similarly the water polo team started the ball foiling by electihg J. R. VanDelester; independent, as captain, He will be the only-Senior on the team next year, Varsity swimmers receiving major letters as announced at Wednesday night’s meeting are Vernor, diossbn, t^itcomb, Tredwell, and Wallace. Minors Were awarded to draig, Farwell, Jacobi, and Leahy. water polo majors went to Gillis, Garr,' VanDelester, Stewart, and Armstrong.
Time Marches On; Michigan Coaches Give WpttchAwards
Ann Arbor, Mich.—Local jewelers are finding the Michigan athletic department their best customers these days, for within a week Wolverine coaches have added to the turnover of gold watches with two purchases. ' First purchase of a gold watch was by Charlie Hoyt, track coach, who had to pay off Bill Watson on a standing offer of seven years for a recent shot put of more than 50 fei^t. The next was the purchase by Coach Cliff keen and Wallie Weber, manager of the Conference wrestling meet to be held here Friday and Saturday, of the watch to be given the outstanding wrestlef in that tournament. The. watch is the gift of John Drummond, Chicago wrestling fun, and it will go to the best wrestler in the tpurnament. A vote of the tournament contestants will determine the recipient.—
Phi Pi Phi
. Phi Pi Phi fraternity announces the election of the following oflScers: president, A. M- Krattebol; vicepresident, J. H. Harvey; secretary, S. B. Paul; treasurer, W. H. Reynolds; comptroller, J. B. Moornian; and sentinel, J. J. Dickstein.
A peace movement has been launched by 700 students of the campus of Kansas State Teachers College.
WBAA
TODAY
*11:00—Principles of Sociology, Prof. T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—-Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time, Pat Clinton’s Orchestra; . 12:80—-Athletic Beview, Homer Alldn. 12:46—Purdue Women’s Club Becital. 1:00—Ketail Division of Chamber of Commerce, featuring Mary Wag.ner. ’ 1:16—^You- and Your Health, Dr.. Claire E. Healey. . 1:30^Great laventions. 1:46—Markets, weather reports. 2:00-^Musical Al'S'i™-2:16-—Cdinmercial Law, Mr. L, G. Minier,. Jeiferson High School.. 3 :00^We; Haye Music. 3 :i6-^Afterhoon Melodies. 3:30—Lafayette Little Theatre. 4.:00—Musical Favorites. 4:16-r-Girl Scout Program. . 4:30-—Twilight Muslcale, 4 :46—Melody Moods.
LENTEN'iTREAtS
Pastries that bring a new tingle of appreciation to appetites-^-^BlicioMS, vrholesome-^
SPEGIAL^Hot Cross Buns
Graves’Bakery
Catering to Fraternities andi Sororities
Delta lipsilon* Tail Epsilon Phi Tied With 1.000Average After two nights of fast and furious fraternity volleyball, with each team playing about three games a night, the schedule has already advanced to the final stage and the fihal play is due to be run off on Tuesday, March 16. On scanning the list of results to date, it is apparent that Tau Epsilon Phi and Delta Upsilon have a little edge on their competitors, as they boast an average of 1.000, having won their first three games. Seven other fraternities have lost one game and still have a chance in the finals. There are twelve Greek organizawhich have not played as yet and those which desire to enter the competition will have their last Chance to get into the running tonight at
o’clock.
Mixed Swimiwingln
Pmiidlpaiita
Ti^t
A Wmi-veiA vartll.Wck
Big Ten Meets
A ntixed swiin Mil be held tdtdgbt from 7:30 to 9 p. m^ in the Memorial Gymnasitim, upder the leademhip of the Purdue sportswomen* who have been sponsoiipg the mixed yoL leyball games on Friday nights; *^0 mixed volleyball games <miinot be held tonight because decorating for the State Play Day is going on. There will be a meeting of the sportswomen at the Women’s Gym immediately following the' swim.
Volleyball Finals Set For Tuesday
Co-eds Nominated
For YWCA Offices
Co-eds nominated by the Y. W. C. A. board for the organization’s officers next year are: president and vice-president Dorothy Bryant, Dorothy Goan; secretary, Helen Conver, Betty Klein; treasurer, Peggy Hamilton, Mary Alice Learning. The election will be held March 24 with those of the W. A. A. and w. s. G. a: Applications Applications for membership in the Y. W. C. A. cabinet will be accepted by the board Until spring vacation.. Any member of the organization may apply. Names can be left at the Y. W; C. A, office or given to Patricia Jones.
Phi Si^a Kappa Secretary To Talk
Ralph Watts, Chicago, national secretary of Phi Sigma Kappa, will address the Pounder’s banquet of the local chapter Saturday at 6:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. According to co-chairmen, B. L. Fortner and C. W. Coats of the arrangements committee, the University of lilinois chapter of Phi Sigma Kappa will attend the dinner as guests, C. W. Stevans will be the toastmaiSter,
(All StylM
Leather buyen Ibr Fonmp shoes chose imporiMl Bison for this oxfigd s^k .. Of a phaht, soft tKKtutL iMi bison leather hat At , addiid value of duiaHUty uhdtr Haid
wear.
This is just another good rea' son why we keep Fortune shoes in stock f<g you. Foc' tunes are O.K.’d in five essen' tial details before they leave the factory—and the price is “O.K.'V toa ^ ^ ^
Exclusive Ageiit ' Dif''
JiViendfy‘‘$5.00” Bosto|iiaii“$7,06’’
B4W5hoeCo.
121 N. 4tli ^
15Atideteoirini^ For
Purdtie’s mitrics In the Big Ten indoor trachf, fmidlng and gwimming championships this week-end Were named last night following final
tuneup drills, i Coach Orval Martin will leave
here this morning with Bodean and Moore, half-milers, and Lcmen and Terhune, quarter-milers, who wiB compete in the preliminanes of the Big Ten track meet tonight while seven additional entries, DeLong and Wadleigh, dashmen; Knapp, miler; Long, two-miler; Moarpliy, shot putter ; Williamson* hig^ Jdinper; and Luther, relay entry, will follow the original delegation to Chicago on Saturday. Lone E^try Captain Paul Vemor, free style dash star, who tied for third in the 60 yard dash last year, will be the lone Boilermaker entry in the swimming championships at Bloomington. In twelve starts this year lit five Big Ten dual meets Vempr has accumulated ten firsts, one second, and tied for first once. In the fencing championships at Northwestern, Purdue will be represented by McWilliams in the foils; Mathews the epee, and Seaborg in the saber. The squash racquets team will wind up its dual meet season here tomorrow against Illinois in a final tuneup for the defense of its western intercollegiate championship, at Milwaukee, Wis., on March 20.
WBAA Broadcasts Play
WBAA will broadcast Friday afternoon at 3:30 o’clock the second episode of “Ladies Aid Sociely,’’ writi;eri for the Lafayette Little Theatre by Mrs, Dorothy Pearlman and Mrs. Edna Bauer. *
F
The New Tpylor Cub just arrived at the field. You should take at least one lesson of 30 minutes for only $3.
Purdue University Aiipurt Captain L. I. Atetz, Lessee Ph«ne 41641 > •
They’re Here!
Tlie early bird has arrived with the first spring Geisler's Varsity fuito.
Nuwyou other “eariyhieda?’ can take your first peek!
0^;
V ‘
‘‘ I
Ti-W-'&S&
l>^ur
THE PUE0UE EXPONENT
Alphabet Origin P^ks Profs. New Haven, Conn.—(ACP)—Professors who know their ABC’s have long been puzzled as to their origin. General opinion had it that the alphabet was transmitted to us from the Greeks through the Phoenicians. It appears, from a recent announcement of Dr. Julius Obermann, professor of Semitics at Yale University, that we inherited our ABC's from a little-known people of northern Ssrria. Basing his conclusions on the study of cuneiform alphabet writings on clay tablets unearthed six years ago at Has Shamra in Syria, Dr. Obermann claims the Greeks really borrowed an archaic form of this Semitic alphabet and preserved it. Meanwhile, the Semitic form had changed, developed in home country and evolved into the alphabet used by the Phoenicians, the Moabites and the Hebrews. Tracing the alphabet to Ras Shamra dissolves the perplexities of ABC-historians, he explained. The Greeks used many more symbols than the Phoenicians did. Accounting for the non-Phoenician elements was a problem. Now these elements can be shown “one and all to be present in the cuneiform alphabet from Ras Shamra.”
Familiar Campus Scenes Decorate Union Walls^ Etchings of familiar' campus scenes that hang in the east corridor of the main floor of the Memorial Union Building are the work of Mrs. Lark-Horovitz, formerly of Vienna, whose husband. Professor K. Lark-Horovitz, is head of the physics department. Accurate and detailed, the drawings draw favorable comment for the beauty and the ease with which they may be recognized. Presidents’ Portraits Portraits of the University presidents are all painted by Robert Grafton, one of the country’s foremost portrait pointers. Grafton also painted the picture of Chase Osborne, former Governor of Michigan, who was a benefactor of the University. Other permanent paintings have been secured from time to time, and were chosen to harmonize with settings and furnishings. Early in April, there will be a display of students’ paintings in the Memorial Union Building. This is in preparation for the Big Ten competition which is soon to follow.
Household Notes---
A peek into the shops this spring reveals the finger prints of Alice in Wonderland’s Mad Hatter. Tiny flat sailors—trolled brims of all sizes and shapes^—visors—^felts and straws—^they all abound. Odd ? Decidedly, but so individual.
Handsome Console Table—Suitable for large room or hall (cost new $76). Priced to sell. Mirrors, card tables, etc., at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Perk feathers, boldly standing In-dian-like—piles of ribbon backing small straw toques—^pith helmets, ironically Africanne—^veils, alluring? “D-E-C-I-D-E-D-L-Y” says the man about town. The Hatter’s work grows madder.
Flat sailors—they look like somebody’s old pie pan upside down and tied on with ribbons. Straw is piled high—almost an August wheat field. Your roommate may soon appear with a flower garden sprouting from her grey-matter.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. |tI8K OR. ROBERT 6. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
CONVERTS BEGINNEI CONVINCES SKEPTICS!
SOMEfHING WONDERFULGOES ON INSIDE
PlPfS, CIOAREHE CIGAR HOLDERS FINiST BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
THE ONLY PA TENTED '‘CELEOPHANE^- SEALED FILTER-IT REALLY FILTERS
We Carry a Pull Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES H. G. "Deac" Reisner
Trustees Report Fund Shrinkage South Bend, Ind.—(ACP)—The Board of Lay Trustees of the University of Notre Dame reports'a net shrinkage of less than one per cent in the principal endowment funds during the last seven years. Two years, ago, with all the depression losses written off, the actual shrinkage of principal was estimated at 13 per cent, but rehabilitation of securities held by the board has brought the principal to 99 per cent of the actual subscriptions. Byron V. Kanaley, Chicago broker, and president of the board, announces further that the surrender by the university of a portion of the interest due from the board has brought the fund to 100 per cent of the moneys originally subscribed. During the year, the university received cash bequests of $601,260. From the estate of the late Frank B. Phillips, formerly of Fort Wayne Indiana, $302,000 was received,
And with these hats the spring dresses should be simple—a well done black day dress, perhaps, to be varied by gay touches in handbags or jewelry.
Short, colored net gloves with little bouquets of tiny pink rosebuds, violets, or sprays of hyacinths that adorn the backs will be carried with the Hatter’s spring hats.
Union Provides Room For Music Appreciation New, modern, and perfectly appointed, the Music Room is a sanctuary for all who like good music. An electric phonograph with an automatic record changer provides a symphonic concert every day at noon and again in the afternoon from 4 until 6 o’clock. Perfect acoustic lends excellent tone quality to the recordings. A Steinway Grand Piano is available for those who wish to practice. The Music Room is wired for ra dio broadcasting, and variety programs are given over WBAA on Saturday afternoons. Student talent often goes on the air/from the music room, and efforts are being made to cultivate a taste for good music.
There are slightly more than 650 junior colleges in the United States.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
^*AU right—you do your way and TH go mineJ
And for evening jewelry this spring, milady will don much of the highly effective tear-drop pieces.
Tiny frosty tears, all grouped and clustered together, diffusing a faint light in every direction, are wound closely about the throat in a wide band.
A bracelet too—one that circles the wrist in a lazy coil—so fragile looking.
Even though it does make you feel a bit sad and a little weepy, wear this tear drop jewelry and see how much more tender and gallant he is at the Cotillion.
Probably the most fatal of all the effects is that created by a daintily jeweled cross hung, perhaps, from a chain interspersed with white stones. The cross will make you look oh, so ethereal—so pale and madonna-like.
Classified Adsa
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
NOTICES No notices accepted after t p. nt.
Removal of Math Condnions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. —MARSHALL.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—^Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —NELSON.
English and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p m in room 201, Education Building. —CREEK.
English 1 Conditions—^In preparation for the condition examination on March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows: spelling, March 11, March 12, grammar, March 16, March 16, punctuation, March 17, March 18: general review, March 19. All classes will be held at 4 p. m. in 201 Education Building No fees, no registration. —FOWLER.
Military Training Conditions—An examination for removal of C grades in Military Training 3, Motors, will be held in the supply room at the Armory, March 23, at 1:30 p m. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford before noon March 20. —HAYFORD
Military Condition Examinations — Examinations for the removal of C grades in Military Training 3, topography, will be held in the instructors’ room. Armory, at 3 p. m., March 26. Students desiring to take this examination should report to Capt. Hayford in the adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m. March 24. —HAYFORD.
C. E. 6 Conditions—A special examination for removal of conditions in freshman surveying, C. E. 6, will be given March 20, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of the Civil Engi'
HfBMl
SPRING CLOTHES
R
UITS LACKS PORT COATS USPENDERS WEATERS OX
Topcoats and Ties, Too
H
R,
ROSENTHAL’S
322 Main Street
neering Building. Permit slips should be obtain^ by March 18. —TODD.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—Pledging at the Delta Tau Delta House March 12 at 7:80 p. m. —BROWN.
Prom Goers—Get permits by March 18 from Student Senate office. —GRAHAM.
Sophomore, Junior Chemicals — Must choose your electives on or before March 20 for the coming year. This should be done in my office in Heavilon Hall. —BRAY.
P. I. A.—Advanced dance class will be be held in ballroom of Memorial Union Building March 16, at 7 p. m. —BUXTON.
Reamer Club—There will be no meeting March 16 —BUXTON.
Scrivener—Meeting postponed to March 14 at 2:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —RADKEY.
Sportswomen—^All sportswomen must turn in hangers by 6 p. m., March 12. —WALKER.
Reserve Officers—Any second lieutenants of the Organized Reserve who wish to apply for one year of active duty with the Regular Army see me at the Armory before 4 p. m., March 24. —HAYFORD.
P. O. M. M.—^Initiation ceremony will be held March 16, in the Armory. All actives and pledges please be present in unifonh. —McCANDLESS.
Student Bible Class—^Meeting in room C of the Union Building March 12 at 7:80. Subject; “Russia In The Light Of l%e
Bible.'
Every student welcome. —ZILLGER.
Play Day Equipment Committee—Meet in Women’s Gym March 12 at 4 o’clock. —SCHAFFER.
Ail Independents—Those interested in the Men’s Glee Club or Quartet come to the tower room of the Memorial Union Building at 4 p. m. March 12. —STEWART.
Radio Club—Meeting March 12 at 7:30 in room D, Memorial UniofP Building. All members must attend. • —BERNSTEIN.
Wesley Foundation—Roller skating on March 12. Busses leave Foundation House at 6:30 and 7 :16. 26 cents per person and 40 cents per couple. —HURD.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting March 12 at 7 :15 p. m. in room B of the MoDsorial Union Building. All members requested to attend. —FUTOOHEE.
Lutheran Students’ Club—Business and social meeting March 14 at 7:80 pi. u. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All members should attend this important meeting. —MAAHS.
Mixed Swim—^March 12 from 7 till 9 in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. —TUBBS.
_ Sophomore Chemicals—^Return information cards to room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 17. —LOVELL.
Si^Niomore Chemicals—^All expecting to make the inspection trip during spring vacation make deposit in room 107 of Heavilon Hall between 1 and 6 :S0 p. m. any day except Saturday. All deposits must be in by March 19.
Evening dress skirts i^will be a bit shorter this season to discover beneath them clever, tricky evening shoes.
Some are tight, narrowing at the ankle, like the hobble skirts of prewar days. Others—oh dear, so wild —^with multi-colored chiffon of a bright blue, green, red, purple, rose, citron, and gold inserted between pleats to give that swirling effect of a gypsy skirt.
Myrna Loy is the favorite movie actress of students at Colgate University and Carleton College.
Five Stores
The five Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vin^ Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1616 Main Street
Turn Your Assets Into CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer.
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.