. h'trz ^ TFs:
rj
f.
This Newspaper Is Published Each Monung Of, By, and For Students of Purdue University
, i Purdue Exponent
VOL. 49 No. 74 FEIDAY December 10,1937 Lafayette, Indiana
Campaign / On Housing Underway University independent students will get together at 7 o’clock tl^is evening in the Union tower room to map out a campaign for canvassing all West Lafayette residences that house men students. A leader for each ward will be named at this time and several men assigned to aid him in collecting information on all rooming places within his territory. Armed with questionnaires, these independent students will set out tomorrow morning and* afternoon to interview landladies and students with the some 100 questions. Comments from each of the two parties and also from the surveyor will be noted on the questionnaires. Robert Schlundt, PIA executive, will directly supervise this evening’s meeting. Working with him will be PSA Chairman Bob Buckles, and Exponent Editor R. P. Manion. 100 Men Expected At this time the housing questionnaires will be handed out, about four to each man, and instructions given for conducting the canvass. Approximately 100 students are expected to turn out for the meeting, Schlundt said last night, or enough that entire West Lafayette can be inspected in one afternoon,.with one fellow surveying four houses. Schlundt asks any independent students interested in helping with the housing canvass to report to the meeting tonight. 110 Enroll In New Metallurgy School One hundred and ten students are now enrolled in the University’s new school of Metallurgical Engineering, created by the University Board of Trustees when they recently authorized a separate degree in Metallurgical Engineering, removing this subject from the chemical engineering curriculum. This change, necessitated by the increasing importance of the metallurgist, makes the University’s school of metallurgy one of the largest in the country. In connection with the regular four year course, the trustees have introduced a summer course, allowing a better correlation between lectures and laboratory, and a more efficient use of the equipment. Limit Enrollment The equipment and sta^ of the (Continued oh page 4)
Rumor Slinging Monster^ Prompaganda, Hits Campus
By Pol 1. Tix “Prompaganda,” weird Frankensteinish monster of tremendous proportions and endless wanderings invaded Purdue’s sylvan campus uhinvited yesterday. Not wanted by police, but still possessing a reputation as s”tinking as any baby-massacreing gangdter, Prompaganda is characterized \by^ meaningless mutterings, and underdone rumors. Works For All Three No political party claims this monster as an open ally, but under cover of night he has been spied in secret conversation with powers that be in all three parties. After dark this dismal denizen of prom politics is a silent but nefarious worker, plotting and planning
platforms and platitudes. In the daytime, however, ’Ganda is a different creature. Muffled in a shapeless black overcoat he wanders over the campus, voicing in whining, sarcastic vein Ned Sparkian comments such as; Sparkian Sarcasms “Yah, we’ll form a Raw Deal Party and put Prom in the Stadium. We’ll build a roof on it!” “The Bona Fides will Satisfy. Yah, we know that, but who’ll they satisfy. Mmmmm, graft, luscious, greenbacked gfaft.” “All-Campus, ha, that’s what they hope. What’ll they do with YOUR four bucks, hire a band? I heard ’em say they’d hire Nick’s Nine Nasty Noisemakers!”
Shapiro Is Booked For Co-ed Bid Ball Zeke “Shep” Shapiro and his orchestra will play for the annual Women’s Athletic Association informal co-ed bid Masked Ball tonight in the Union ballroom. Confetti, serpentines, and masks will be distributed to dancers at the door. Couples will mix during circle dances while masked. Shapiro’s musical feature is playing theme songs of nationally known bands, including Joe Sanders, Kay Kyser, Wayne King, Hal Kemp, Ben Bernie, Cab Calloway, Earl Hines, Phil Haris, and others. Zeke calls his musical style “Cliprhythm,” and classifies it as a moderated Hal Kemp style. Tickets are still on sale at the Union desk and at the Women’s Residence Halls. The dance will last from 9 until 12.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Fair today and tomorrow; continued cold. Local temperatures: 9:30 p. m. Wednesday to 9:30 p. m. Thursday: High, 19; Low, 6; mean, 12.5.
Stewart Directs Today A1 Stewart will direct the Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus today in three programs at Chicago, 111. At 11:30 a. m. they will broadcast over WLS, and at 1:40 ancj 2:60 p. m. will present their pogram before the National Convention of Farm Women’s Bureaus.
State Paper Says They’ll Rivet Us “Rivet down the Boilermakers!” screams a streamer headline above Wednesday’s Indiana Statesman, student newspaper of Indiana State Teachers College. Teachers College Sends Its 'Scrappin’ Sycamores” up to the University Fieldhouse tomorrow to open Purdue’s basketball season. In the words of their own newspaper, “the “Sycamores are rated such an underdog that few expect an Indiana State victory.” Yet not satisfied with the streamer, two boxes on each side of the paper tell its readers, “The Boilermakers Can Be Beaten;” and “Let’s Beat Those Boilermakers.” Camera Club Exhibits Photographs In Union Photographs by Clyde Brown, Chicago Daily News photographer, have been placed on exhibition in the second floor hall of the MemoI'ial Union Building and will remain there until Christmas vacation. The 38 pictures on exhibition were for the most part taken in Europe. Brown has shown his prints in some of the leading pictorial salons of the world.
Five Singers From Abroad Score Hit In Convocation
Welders Conclude Annual Conference Today Weldehs and manufacturers, buyers and salesmen, numbering over 300, opened their thirteenth annual Purdue Welding Conference here yesterday affernoon and will conclude it this afternoon. Arc and gas welders from ail parts of the Middle West compose this group which meets here annually to talk over the latest developments and possibilities in their industry. Record Following registration and a bridf discussion session relative to the record number of manufacturers’ exhibits which jam the lobby of Michael Golden Shops, the technical program opened with three technical lectures by men of prominence in industry. Members of the Indianapolis section of the American Welding Society held a dinner meeting last night preceding the night session. Alpha Chi Mothers' Club Gives Chapter Dish Set Alpha Chi Omega Mothers’ Club presented the active University chapter with a full set of platinumbanded dinner china at its Christmas meeting, December 8 at the chapter house. A Christmas story, was read by Mi’s. J. H. Ezra, after which refreshments were served.
TO MEMBERS OF THE UNIVERSITY FACULTY The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, December 13, at 4 p.m. in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Tomorrow's Union Mixer Maestro
The best and most conspicuous talent was revealed by Miss Krasova. Her voice is a contralto of unusual range, the lower register warm and sensuous, the upper octave also warm and highly dra(Continued on page 4)
Wagnerian Singers Make Gjood Impression As Soloists, Pianists Triumph In Contest
By R. J. Deckard
A quintet of international artists, the Wagnerian Festival Singers, identified themselves in the history of the University last night in the Memorial Gymnasium by singing the elite
of the classic works, Wagner.
The individual singers of the Wagnerian repertoire were Hilda Konetzni, soprano; Marta Krasova, contralto; Henk Noort, tenor; Joel Berglund, baritone, and Alexander Kipnis,
basso. Richard Hageban, assisted by Karl Young, directed the concert at the piano. Miss Konetzni, who began the program, sang Wagner’s “Dich Teure Halle” insiecurely, but enjoyed a triumph because of the passionate feeling and the dramatic effect which she delivered later in the aria of “Agathe” from “Der
Feichutz.”
Then came Noort to sing a duet with Miss Konetzni “0 Furstin” from “Tannhauser.” He is a rather high and dry tenor whose voice is fitted for music that demands very much color or intensity. Bergland Uses Stiff Style Bergland, third on the program, displayed a baritone voice of excellent quality, but his delivery was stiff and his style, undistinguished. His high moment came in the second part of the concert when the vibrant characteristics of his voice arose in the aria from “The Tales of Hoffman.”
Profs Convene Tomorrow For State Meeting
More than 125 members of the American Association of University Professors are expected to attend the opening session of the state meeting of this organization in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock. Dr. Thomas E. Mason, of the mathematics department, will welcome the group to the University, and Dr. O. C. Trimble, of the division of Education and Applied Psychology, will preside at the op-
ening session.
Speakers for the morning include Prof. E. S. Conklin, from Indiana University, who will discuss “Departmental Management,” and Prof. L. R. Eckardt, of DePauw University, who will speak on “Resources and Results.” At the luncheon meeting, in the Union ballroom. President Elliott will address the group of professors. Following (Continued on page 4)
Purdue Campus Not As Hot As IPs Cracked Up To Be
Art Chenoweth and his dance orchestra will play for the regular dollar mixer from 9 to 12 tomorrow night in the Union ballroom. Chenoweth has headquarters in Anderson, and has played engagements throughout the state, including the Columbia Club and Scottish Rite Cathedral, Indianapolis, and the Catholic Community Center, Ft. Wayne.
By The Roving Reporter Just by way of observing whether or not our Alma Mater is as hot as it’s cracked up to be, we took an hour off yesterday and checked a few temperatures around the campus. In order to get a standard by which to judge the various temp’s we consulted Director of Student Health, Sayers John Miller, as to the proper and most healthful amount of calories that should be present in a classroom. “About 70 degrees,” was all the answer we could extract from the ‘Doc’ as he chucked 10 more patients into his already packed operating room. One anemic recruit muttered something about, how he’^ like to faint but he didn’t know^ Kow he would get down to the floor. Another one suggested that perhaps temperatures in classrooms would rise according to the number of occupants, to which ‘Doc’ thoroughly agreed. Fighting our way to the door we happened to pass a
thermometer that was silently registering 81 degrees. What—No Thermometer The army, as usual had their barn down to 62 degrees recor(|ed by a 10 cent thermometer behind a network of iron bars strong enough to hook a 75 onto. Entering the new Physics Building we were surprised to learn that this latest addition to the University has no thermometers but is merely regulated by guesswork. Passing through the Recitation Building, we noticed a draft that was fast developing into a gale, and traced it to 224 where Prof. Graves was evolving a few cycloids for the engineers vi^ith all the windows open to keep them awake. On the way to the office to compile this conglomeration of data, a tow-headed youth, last year’s highranking freshman engineer, ‘Buck’ Dunshee, stopped us and flashed out an old fever thermometer that was hovering about 99 degrees, just to prove that everything is only relative.
Miller Outlines Thirteen Mid-Winter Safeguards Against Common Colds
Editor’s Note: This is the first of a series of articles based on with Health Service Director S. J. Miller. The series will deal with precautions that should be taken to safegruard < health duringr winter weather. By R. P. Manion Just when the gridiron season is over and everyone else starts thinking about basketball. Dr. Sayers John Miller, director of the Student Health Service, “is just beginning to talk football. At least that’s the impression we gathered in his office yesterday afternoon as he got underway on a discussion that included several references to the pigskin game. “Doc” was rather thinking to himself that, now since winter is really
here, students should pause to reconsider the fundamental rules in hygiene necessary to prevent colds. Serious Diseases May Follow Colds “The common cold,” ‘Doc’ points out, “is as great a blocker for serious diseases as were the Boilermaker football stars on Purdue teams of the past. Many serious cases of illness each year are made possible by colds lowering the general resistance of the body and thus making perfect interference for a large variety of secondary infecj;ions.” Purdue students, he says, have forgotten most of the common sense hygiene that their mothers and fathers have strived all their lives
to teach them. The same hygiene is more necessary than ever before while in attendance at the University because of the different living conditions and the increased activities. “The present cold weather,” ‘Doc’ asserts, “is causing many colds and is attempting to block out the Student Health Service. This makes it necessary for us to call extra practice sessions to consider the hygienic information necessary to check further losses.” While making the rounds on the usual large group of crippled Boilermakers found in his office. “Doc” found time to explain a few plays
he thought might be valuable in breaking up the cold attack. Here they are, all 13 of them: 1. Wear the proper clothing. This includes hats and caps in wet and cold weather . , . also rubbers, galoshes, raincoats, topcoats and overcoats, and ear muffs. 2. Bathe properly. Only moderately warm baths should be taken during the day and these should be followed by a cool one. Hot baths may be taken before retiring. 3. Always put on extra garments after physical exertion. Do not try to work off a cold in the gyninasium. 4. Do not sleep in a drafty dormi-
tory or room. A room does not have to be below freezing to insui’e healthy sleeping. 5. Kissing is dangerous at any time and more especially when either or both persons have colds. 6. Avoid cross ventilation while driving in automobiles. 7. Refrain from drinking intoxicating liquors. They give a false impression of warmth and cause the removal of clothing when ready more is needed. 8. Wear the proper clothing to dances and avoid stepping outside just to cool off and smoke with no top garment on. 9. Do not let the temperature in
your room become too hot or too cold. Avoid too dry air. 10. Do not sneeze or cough in another person’s face or let him do the same to you. 11. Get at least eight hoiurs of sleep each night. 12. Eat a well-balanced diet , .. fruit juices, cod liver oil, alkalinization, and vaccines are of value in warding off colds. 18. Attempt to improve the bacterial flora of the mouth and throat by use of the proper mouth washes and gargles. “Doc” also advises students to report to the Health Service for prompt treatment of colds.
'-I'l S 4
I lus.
■C Ji- ■V
i
pl/f’
^ l-f-l'-
I? I'S'}
|4'
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, December 10,1937
The Editor Sqys Senate’s Proposal...
to determine whether University student sentiment favors a full week-end holiday at Thas^giving brings to mind the action taken on that question last year by the executive
committee and the faculty committee.
At that time about 3,800 students had signed a petition requesting a full week-end l^anksgiving holiday and President Elliott had later appointed a special calendar committee “for consideration of questions of calendar, and particularly of arrangements fbr T^an^giv^^ Commencement, and (^ala
Week?
This committee turned a recommendation, along with other proposals, “that the Thanksgiving recess be extended to include Thanksgiving Day and the following Friday and Saturday.” The requests of the students, however, was rejected by the faculty. William T. Hunt, then editor of the Exponent and a member of the calendar committee, made the following comments in his editorial column concerning the refusal to make the changes in the calendar on the following day: “About two weeks ago the special committee on the University calendar reported on the various changes proposed in the calendar. Among the changes recommended were a Thanksgiving holiday extending over the week-end; the extension of each semester to a full sixteen weeks: . . . . “When the report was presented to the faculty executive committee, the Thanksgiving holiday was adopted, but the semesters were shortened. On account of this shortening of the semester under the executive committee’s arrangement, the general faculty, which met yesterday, did not approve the Thanksgiving holiday. The adoption of the report as made by the calendar committee was definitely thrown out when the general faculty failed to give its approval to the holiday. “Student opinion is definitely in favor of the extended Thanksgiving holiday, with the provision that none of the other holidays be cut down. The calendar committee’s report took student opinion into consideration; it thoroughly considered the situation before it lengthened the school year by a week, and reached the conclusion that, because of the Thanksgiving holiday and a longer period between the two semesters, and because all of the courses would then be based on the same number of class periods, the proposed calendar would then be acceptable to the student
body.
the Purdue Exponent
MMDOOH ' WISCOttSM Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKresa of March •3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of Oct. A W17, anthoriss^ Jfaij. 20, 1222. Publjlah^ 4aUy ei^eept TifynUn durins the regular academic year and weelflr Wl* a«nnmcr Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. NBPaBSBNTEO rOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO BY National AdyeitlsingServIpe, |nc. ‘ 5 ’ ■' boltigi Pubmhei^'lkepresenthti'B 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicaco . Boston • Los ANcatcs - Sah Francisco UAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 ^ i Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Uhfon!'Buildiiig,'vWe8t Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent OBfice i
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Easiness Manager b. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor J. B. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, 0. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager — W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager — —B. R. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Beeves CO-ED STAFF Editor Elisabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPOBT8 STAFF R. F. Obenchaln J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Wltwer
Editor — Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—^Bailey Issue Editor—Frederick Friday, December 19. 1937
“The action of the executive committee might be construed as a combination of lack of consideration of the time necessary and available for instructiorij and reluctance to ask instructors to spend more time in Lafayette. The general faculty apparently did not take into consideration the rights and opinion of the student body; rather, it decided that its personal interests would preclude a lengthening of the school year, and so voted. “It should be noted, however, that there were many faculty members who did take student opinion into consideration and voted for the proposal.”
Dear Editor; Having ascertained there are 1,222 Juniors and 765 Seniors, as compiled by the Registrar’s office, I wonder how they are all going to attend the Junior Prom, if held at the Union Building. I have read all three parties’ platforms very carefully and believe the only outfit that has anything “on the ball” is the “Square Deal” Party. They at least, realize that our school is growing. They realize that on our campus a beautiful new building has been opened for our use. Why not get out of the horse and buggy—mixer type— of Prom, and give a good one in our new Fieldhouse. Purdue is the only Big Ten school that has no really big Prom. The school, before it grew too large for the hall where the Prom was held, had an open Prom. Eventually the Prom will be held in the fieldhouse, so why shouldn’t we be the first juniors to do so. The tickets will be cheaper and we will really be getting our money’s worth.
They have my vote—why not yours ? M. C. Reeves, For ’39. Dear Editor; During the past month or so, we have received on our radios a very undesirable interference which apparently is not a natural transmission interference. We would like to find out if it is' local as far as our house is concerned, or if it has been observed by others between 11 and 12 p. m. It has occasionally been noticed earlier in the evening. We would appreciate any information regarding this difficulty. A spark coil is capable of making a similar disturbance. The boys at 27 University st.
Donald Dane Johnson, a second lieutenant in the University’s ROTC up to 1936, has been graduated from the United States Navy flying school at Pensacola, Fla. Johnson received his appointment October 18, 1936, and now is under orders to active duty in the United States fleet.
Duke Ellington In Person
Duke Ellington, a master of modern music, and his famous band are appearing in person on the Mars Theater stage tomorrow evening. ’
By Sally McKee And for men and Christmas remembrance—B. B. in the New Yorker of November 15 goes through a wonderful list. Bill clips or folders will help the Purdue ed keep his money. For his tie, cuffs, and collar those metal sets of clasp, clip, and links make a fine gift if he wears links; if not you can get the sets without the links— and you can get them too, enameled, initialed, or in wood. If you want a cravat pin with a likeness of his dog or boat or horse, the larger stores can supply them for you, if you supply the picture. Or ashtrays—anything you want here and in cigarette lighters and cigarette cases too. Leather traveling cases of shaving equipment and comb and brush you’ll find in many places. For his car you can get gear shift lever handles, original buttons for all the punches and pulls, or compasses. Monogrammed knives or fountain pen and pencil sets will please any young man. Or a new watch chain of metal or leather we can recommend, or a fob on which to carry his favorite honorary key.
We continue our “Ideal Freshman Handbook” . . . DEFINITIONS OF FAMOUS CAMPUS INSTITUTIONS Clajss: a form of torture de vised b;^ educators for the purpose of embarrassing, publicly denouncing, and harassing students and depriving them of much needed sleep 1 2. Study: Something no one does. 3. Study Hours: that which is non-existent either in fraternities, Cary Hall or rooming houses. 4. Mixer: a function attended by the same group of students each Saturday, at which cokes are imbibed and feet trampled. 5. Co-ed: a hardy form of life thriving in a hot-house of male iiiiquity. 6. Airport; a place founded with high intentions, but which has been used for carrying out the opposite. 7. Lab: the most violent form of torture yet devised by man. 8. Professor: the lowest form of life (we didn’t have the heart to say “human life,” for we’re not sure that professors are human). 9. Tradition: a myth told by professors about the Purdue of old. 10. Robber Baron: proprietor of a book store. 11. Sweet Shop: an intensive course in “how to waste time enjoyably,” taught in a room just off the lower hall of the Union. 12. Athlete: the only person who can be a “Boilermaker” withbut following the well-known formula. 13. Joe: term applied to anyone possessing the ability to imbibe four fountain cokes.while smoking a cigaret and carrying on a heated discussion about nothing in particular .... simultaneously. That’s about enough. If you freshmen absorb this much needed knowledge your education is practically complete. Tomorrow’s column will carry the last installment of the “handbook.”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Today - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
A Paramount Pictur* with JOHN BIHRYIVIOIIE LYNNE OVERMAN • CHARLES BICKFORO'LOUISE CAMPBELL —PLjQS—
ADDITIONAL THROUGH SERVICE LAFAYETTE TO FORT WAYNE AND PLYMOUTH —SOUTH BEND DECEMBER 18, 1937 Special busses will leave Union Bus Station, 5th and Ferry Sts., Lafayette at 1:00 P. M. December 18th for Fort Wayne, and also for Plymouth and South Bend. Return tickets will be good on any regular schedule returning. (See Indiana Motor Bus Company time table.) PLEASE MAKE RESERVATIONS IF POSSIBLE INDIANA MOTOR BUS COMPANY UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Jr., Agent 5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2105 Lafayette, Ind.
“Only 15 more days to Christmas, gentlemen, and then I must take it home to Junior.”
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
Today — Saturday
—and— RICHARD TALMADGE in “SPEED REPORTER” —also— “DICK TRACY” SERIAL
SATURDAY only
V^ON OUR STAGED 1= IN PERSON
Harlem's Aristocrat of |axz!
.... JuLc ELLIOOTOn AND ms FAMOUS ORCHESTRA
Come Early Doors Open 11:30 A. M. ,
^TAGE SHOWS-6 aMDERSON
—at—
1:15 — 3:05 — 4:55 — 6:45
8:35
Also Late Show at 10:30
m
HARLEM SPEAKS
—ADMISSION— Main Floor 40c Balcony 30c Children....' 15c
w/lh WENDY BARRIE WAITER PIbGEON KENT TAYLOR
LAST TIMES TODAY
EDWARD ARNOLD SHIRLEY ROSS in , “Blossoms on Broadway”Fridoy. December 10,1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT j r-riiiiHunriii IIIIIII I'i,:"
Boilermakers Prepare Speed Attack For Indiana State Teachers College Judging from the Frosh-Varsity game and recent practice drills, Coach Lambert will turn loose a quintet specializing in a sustained speed attack in the opening battle against the Indiana State Teachers in the new Fieldhouse tomorrow night at *1^:30 o’clock.
Lacking the height that is usually itssociated with basketball greatness, the Boilermakers are expected to stick to a typical fast break offense, with speed an^ c|evetftess of ball hahdling as a foundation for
victory.
Coach Wally Marks, mentor of the Indiana Teachers, has developed one of the rangiest combinations on the hardwood, with four members of the squad towering at six feet four inches His team is composed of the most promising sophomores and juniors that the Sycamores have boasted in years Starters Undecided Although undecided on his even-
tual starting Boilermaker combination, Lambert indicated lai^t night that the choice would be made from Sines, Young, Hutt, and Ziiik, for wards, Anderson and Fisher, centei, and Dickinson, Malaska, Beretta, Yeagei and Vernon, guards
“The next hundred years will see the beginning of an American ma triarchy—a nation of Amazons in the psychological rather than the physical sense ” Dr William Moulton Marston, phychologist, formally of Haivaid, forecasts the doom of this “man’s world ”
PICtiLY WIGCLY
CALIFORNIA SEEDLESS NAVEL ORANGES
344 SIZE DOZEN
lOc
TEXAS SEEDLESS—80 SIZE GRAPEFRUIT 5 for 19c
ALL KINDS
CANDY BARS 3 for 10c CHOCOLATE SANDWICH COOKIES POUND WEST LAFAYETTE LOCATION 110 VINE STREET
Wolverines Drop Kipke Michigan University announced yesterday that Harry Kipke, head football coach of the WolVerines since 1929, will not be offered a re newal of his contract which expires in June, 1938. The board of athletics prepared to begin intei views immediately to choose his successor In his playing days Kipke was a stai puntei at Michigan, being cho sen oh the 1922 All-American team Ever since his graduation in l923, he has been in the coaching ranks In 1929 he was made head coach of Michigan, where he stayed for nine years, producing many nationally known stars and winning Big Ten championships in 1933 and 1934 After winning only one game m 1936, Kipke’s Wolverines came back this fall to finish with four victories and foul defeats When contacted at his home in Ann Aibor, Kipke said that his'°dis^ missal came as a “distinct sui prise,” and that it was a great disappointment ”
Unusual Match Set For Squash Meet Squash fans will see two of the oldest squash players ever to play on the Purdue courts tomorrow, as the Boileimakers encountei the Indianapolis Athletic Club at 3 p m John W Gelier, managei of the Indianapolis club, sent word that they were bringing Hawkins, who IS 61 years of age, with them this week-end, and that they would like to use him if Purdue could offer any one in his class M L Clevett, head of the intramural department, has accepted the challenge for the squash squad and decided to hold the match at 4 p m , Saturday The opponent for Hawkins is yet to be chosen
University' Calendar
A Gift For Those YouM Like to Hear From
There s a pleasant, flatter mg sentiment about a gift of fine stationery, a silent but undeniably implied desire on the part of the giver to hear from the recipient
Give good stationery, a gift that reflects good taste and thoughtfulness. 50c up
Other Gift Suggestions • Fountain Pens • Lucien Lelong Perfumes • Billfolds—^Keytainers • Packard Lectro Shaver • Brief and Zipper Cases • Globes • Books \ • Kodaks • Pottery • Chromeware • Games . • Kitchenware
518-20 Main St.
DECKER’S “GIFTS OF DISTINCTION”
Phone 6477
CAN YOUR CAR TAKE IT?
Yes, it’s getting colder. And with each drop in temperature, fhere are increasing chances of repairs for your car. priye in today for winter service . . . and drive with confidence.
I Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
34 Hour Service
525 Alabama Street
Maxwell Sponsors Boxing Show Tonight In Arrnory
—^Today— Scabbard and Blade Meeting at 7 30 p m in the peasant room of the Memoiial Union Building Agricultural School Methods of Teaching Meeting at 7 30 p m in the faculty lounge of the Me monal Union Building
Coach “Ppnchy” Maxwell haS^ a well planned series of 16 matches planned for the annual boxing show to be held tonight at 7 30 in the Armory There will be seven divisions of weights ranging from the 112 pounders to the heavies of 175 pounds All matches will be held on an elevated ring at the east end of the Armory, with available i oom for all fans There will be no admission charge for students, admittance being gamed upon presentation of the student passports Other peisons besides students will be chaiged 25 cents A special invitation is given to CO eds by Coach Maxwell, as an in centive to make boxing of interest to the feminine as well as the male students Tonight’s Bouts 112 Pounds Modesitt, M vs Armenoff, S 118 Pounds Wilkeison, W C vs Fiankhn C E 126 Pounds Mulholland, K L vs Muiphy P J 135 Pounds Case, W B vs Rosenberg, J M Wachs, R J vs McCoy, D E Dix, G J vs Goebel, H C 147 Pounds Giles, W S vs Sterns, C F Lidguard, W H vs Keffaber, P E Moran, T H vs Woodhull, D I Miller, W R vs Ernckson E W Windell, A vs Lord, J K 160 Pounds Hussung, A H vs Lafuse, L W
BASKETBALL —^Today— COURT 1—Mann, referee 7 00—Ward 7 vs Ward 13C 7 15—Ward 17X vs Cary Hall 4 8 2^Ward 2X vs. Ward 12 8 40—Ward 2 vs Ward 10 COURT 2—Foster, referee 7 00—Ward 6 vs Ward 9 7 15—Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Tau 8 25—Cary Hall 1 vs Ward 17 8 40—Alpha Chi Rho vs Theta Xi COURT 3—Gale, referee 7 00—Ward 13A vs Ward llA 7 15—Cary Hall 6 vs Ward 4 8 25—^Ward 3 vs "V^ard 8 8 40—Ward 7X vs Cary Hall 2 Kappa Sigs Win Bowling Trophy Kappa Sigma won the interfrateinity bowling tournament by de feating Triangle in a match played Tuesday at 7 30 p m. High scorer for the winners was John David,who rolled up 217 points
Smithson, F A vs Smith, D P O’Connoi, J E vs Williams, J H 175 Pounds Grab, 0 vs Bowman, W B Lyles, L vs Dilts, R A
Special Student Busses DECEMBER 18th LEAVING LAFAYETTE for New York, N. Y. St. Louis, Mo. Cleveland, Ohio Phone 2105 or 2151 for Rates and Reservations
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
No other Chrtst;ma3 present for $5 equals this value! Four genuine Yello Boles all different—a pipe collection in itself each with a special smoking feature and distinctive satisfaction t AU cured with honey < $5
DANCE “an. avC
Feel light-footed in dainty evening slippers that are comfortable!
.98
High or F]1at Heels Gold or Silver Black ahd Gold White and SHvmr White Faille t WE TINT YOUR SHOES TO MATCH ANY COLOR, FREE
LOIB^ Gene COMPANY
Down StairsTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, December 10,1937
Union Varsity Show Siated For Tonight In Ballroom This week’s Varsity Show will be presented tonigiit at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. Student Union officials changed the regular Saturday program to Friday because of the basketball game tomorrow evening. Dave Thompson will be master of ceremonies during the 30 to 40 min^ ute program. . Program 1. Theme Song “Out of a Dream” by the 2G’s band. 2. Vocal Solo “Once in Awhile” by Marge “Starrett. 3. Piano Solo “The Loveliness of You” by Frank Schaefer. 4. Band “Stardust.” 5. Vocal solo “Bob White” by Bennie Burns. 6. Comedy Skit by Dave Thompson. 7. Vocal solo with guitar accomr paniment “So Many Memories” and “Smarty” by Floyd Pugh. 8. Piano solo by Frank Schaefer. 9. Band —Swingtime. 10. Vocal solo “Blossoms On Broadway” by Marge Starrett. 11, Theme Song by 2G’s Band.
110 Enroll-
(Continued from page 1)
school have been increased, and a limit has been set on the enrollment, stressing the . importance of the metallurgist in the new developments in physical metallurgy, metalography. X-ray, thermal and dilatometric analysis, die-casting and the direct rolling of metals. The former compromise with the Chemical engineering school, was no longer compatible with the University’s educational resources, and the board, recognizing this change, has originated this new’ school. Graduates who have majored in metallurgy have won important positions with companies such as the Amei’ican Roiling Mill, Aluminum Company of America, United States Steel Corporation, Anaconda Copper and International Nickel Companies.
Profs Convene(Continued from page 1)
President Elliott’s address, Dr. H. V. Wann, of Indiana State Teachers College, will give dramatic interpretations of “Tovarich.” At the afternoon meeting. Dr. A, J. Carlson, of the University of Chicago, and president of the AAUP will discuss the work of the society. After this discussion, R. B. Stewart, University controller, will speak on “The Budgeting of One’s Income.” The committee in charge of this meeting includes the officers of the University chapter: Dr. O. C. Lee, president; Prof. S. Fairman, vicepresident; F. H. Hodge, secretarytreasurer; Assistant Dean of Engineering W. A. Knapp, and Dr. Trimble.
Five Singers From(Continued from page 1)
matic. She clearly proved herself both vocalist and actress and high-^ ly gifted in both capacities. Her numbers included “Adriano” from “Rienzi” and two poems. Last but not least, came the one singer of the program already long and favorably known to American opera-—Alexander Kipnis. Kipnis delivery of “Air to the Evening Star” from “Tannhauser” was very tasteful to the audience. Ag Staff To Discuss Teaching Methods Members of the Agricultural Staff of the University will meet this evening at 7:30 in the Faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building to discuss methods of teaching and to hear reports on the recent lapd grant' college meeting held in Washington. Reports will be given by T. A. Coleman, Assistant Director of Extension; H. J. Reed, Assistant Director of the Experiment Station; and y. C. Freeman, Assistant Dean of Agriculture. "
Knight) Greenly Take Part In Vocational Meet Several members of the Universal’ division of education and applied psychology attended the annual meeting of the American Vocational Education Association held at Baltimore, Md., last week. Dr. F. B. Knight and Prof. R. J. Greenly took pai-t in the program; others who were present from Purdue were Miss Muriel McFarland, Dr. Z. M. Smith, and Profs. S. S. Cromer, H. G. McComb, and 1/ G. Morrison.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, scld, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. ,
LOST—Pair of brown dress trbusers between 139 South Grant and 359 Vine Monday evening. Reward. Call Stoner 5065.
LOST DRAFTING EQUIPMENT REWARD — 1 gray-black zipper bag containing Dietzgen drafting set No. 1088 (sc), 3 triangles, 2 iregular curves, 2 scales, 2 Pyzant lettering pens, 3 protractors, Venus pencils, 2 Koh-i-noor (Czechoslovakia) long lead pencils,erasers,leads, erasing shield, etc. No questions asked. Harry D. Smith, Jr. Phone 66003. FOR RENT—Student room, modern, close to campus. 540 Vine St.
LOST—Blue, grey andw'hite campus coat. Reward. Call Art Bodeau 3053.
FOR RENT—Attractive, wellheated room in modern home. Within one block of campus. Available now. Phone 51434. ‘
SOUTH BEND STUDENTS— Round trip to South Bend over vacation in chartered bus. Price $2.75. Phone 3326. W. L. Shedd.
SKATES—Hollow ground while you wait. MULHAUPT’S, 209-11 North 5th Street. Phone 2828.
PHOTOGRAPHIC XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void
after December 9th. Hinea’s.
LOST—Sapphire ring set in white gold. In Fowler Hall. Reward. Virginia Ruddell, WRH South. ,
HOODED JACKETS - MACKINAWS—All colors, low student price $8.75. Call A. S. Place 7935 or C. F. Sterns 5065.
FOR SALE—One tuxedo $15 (original cost $45) One “pile” coat, good cold weather coat, $12 (original cost $80). Both articles in good condition. Size to fit man 6 feet tall, 150 lbs. Call Baker during day at 41641. Leave name and phone number.
Notices K* Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspection trip reports must be made by December 16. rV)r particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical EngineerinK Building. —YOUNG.
Military Juniors: See cadet officers’ bulletin board regarding the date for having your boot measurements taken. Please arrange to report on the scheduled date. —WHISTLER.
Camera Club—Prints from the Camera Club exhibit will be available in the Union office December 10, at 4 p. m. —SHOEMAKER.
PIA Orchestra: Meet at Allens Ballroom at 8:30, December 10. —SHINN.
Christian .Science Organization: Because of convocation, regular meeting will be held in room B of the Union at 4 p. m. December 14. —WINTER.
WAA Shuffleboard: These, games must be played at 4 o’clock December 10: Court 1— Jenkins and Cook vs. Dun woody and Reverda. Court 2—Cocking and Randolph vs. Swick and Schrodet. Court 8—Halmond and Beilke vs. Butz and Schlitter. Court i-—Weishaar and Hoover vs. Sutherlin and Stanley. Court 6—-Harry and Henry vs. Goff and Shake. ■ —BLANK.
Sophomore Track Managers: 'Those wishing to become Sophomore track managers, report to the floor of the Fieldhouse, at 4:1B, Dec. 18. —MARKED.
University Orchestra: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART.
Glee Club: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART.
Union Sophomores: Our committees will meet in the workshop, December 10, at 4 o’clock. —JACOBSON, HARPER.
Union Sophomores; Our committees will meet in the office, December 10, at 4 p. m. —CABONARGI, CROSSMAN.
Camera Club: Call for prints from exhibit in Union office December 10 at 4 o’clock. . .^SAMUELSON.
December 12. Bring dues.
-GEIST.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting of Scabbard and Blade, actives and pledges, December 10 at 7:30 p. m. in the peasant room of the Union. —BAALS. UniyorsUy Choir: Sign up for the supper following the caroling December 14 in A. P. Stewart’s office in Eliza Fowler Hall. —STEWART, :
WSGA Interviews: Will the following girls please flnish their interviews by next Friday: Lena Hibbs, Virginia Steele, Barbara Warren, Marguerite Gustafson, Car-
olyn Singer, Mary Lou Swaney, Alberta Densford, Margaret Sawyer, Marie Johueon, Mary’ Jane Kyle, Jane Stickler, Margaret Johpson, Maxine King, Nina DeWitt, Nannie Ward, Ruth Wattleworth, Marilyn MeElwee, Ellen Bassett. Check in the office for details as soon as possible. This is important. ' ■ ' jONES.
WAA Ping Pong; These games most be played, by noon December 13: Plank vs. Chandler, Spry vs. Byers, Heeter vs. Horner, M. Campbell vs. Pcttlcrew, Hugle vs. Schilling, Ritter vs. Merritt, Randolph vs. Sefton, Hollingsworth vs. Hoover, And Guthier vs. Weishaar. . * —BLANK.
Union Sophomores: All available workers be in workshop as soon after 2 o’clock December 10, as possible, to decorate the Christmas tree. —TURNER. Union Sophomores: My committee will meet in the 'Tower room at 4 o’clock, December 10. —GARLAND.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting in. rooms 1 and 2 of the Union' at 4 p. m.
Health In Every Slice
You’ll be proud to serve it on your table. Oven fresh, it’s fragrant goodness adds joy-to any meal. ^ Graves quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L.
A special selection of Cigarette Cases in black, gold and decorative designs.
You will find a complete stock of cameras — all styles — and accessories for the camera fans.
Costume jewelry — Dainty Perfume Bottles and miscellaneous Gift articles in abundance — choice selections for every one on your list. V
Hie FOSTER SHOP
East Side Square
* Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTH WORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL ~ The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 —” Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri, KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main - Phone 7727
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE . PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
Furniture
Student Equipment J’juAmiuJut 0D. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 Locksmith -— F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock eeryice our L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828 Florist ■— Moih J’hhiM Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
FOR A HOLIDAY WHIRL OUR FLIRTATIOUS YOUNG Formals and Dinner
FROCKS
$12.95 $16’95
QHIFPoNS moires SATINS crepes nets laces VELVET taffeta
Di'esses as famous among the younger set as the Big Apple . . . and exclusive in our College Shop in Lafayette. And when you see our holiday array of Dresses you’ll supply u.s with even more adjectives.
Evening Wraps $10.96 $19.75