‘^V
JHE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Occasional rain today and tomorrow. Warmer tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY December 2. 1938 loloyette, bxdknia Vol. 50 No. 68
I
f\
Bryant Will Play Tonight Annual H.S. Debate At WAA Masked Dance i Conference ^^pens
Sasser and Rittenhouse, senior varsity debaters, will meet Grigsby and Shapiro of Ohio State at 2:15 this afternoon in Fowler Hall before 800 high school students and coaches attending the 9th annual High School Debating Conference here. University students will be admitted if they carry- passports.
The question, which is also the
Bob Carr... high school question, is “Resolved:
Betty Miner...
Against a green backdrop bearing two Shakespearean masks, one of tragedy, the other of comedy, Bud Bryant and his well known campus orchestra will syncopate this evening for the
WAA masked ball from nine until midnight.
Informality will be the keynote as masked dancers swing out amid confetti and streamers which will be provided at the door. Louise Daniels, social chairman of the event, requests that both confetti and serpentines be kept within the
ballroom.
Teach Lambeth Walk Following intermission, dance-go-ers will have an opportunity to learn the Lambeth Walk under the instruction of Miss Helen Knight of the Physical Education department. The program will be varied during the evening by the introduction of two tag dances. Jane Fishleigh, m .charge of ticket sales, was unable to make any definite statement yesterday afternoon but reported that approximately three hundred of the five hundred tickets had been sold and were still selling fast. Tickets, pi’iced at one dollar, will remain on ^sale at sorority houses until four o’clock this
afternoon.
This is the second masked ball to be sponsored by WAA and the second co-ed bid affair of this season. Funds from the dance will be used to continue the decoration of the women’s gymnasium. AAUPToHoldAnnual Meeting at DePauw ■ Several University professors plan to attend the annual state meeting of American Association of University Professors, Prof. C. O. Lee, president of the local chapter announced yesterday. This meeting will be held at DePauw University tomorrow. Dr. J. A. Estey, of the history and economics department, will participate in a panel discussion on “What Relationship Shall We (AAUP) Have With the Teachers’ Federa-
tion.”
The Conference will start at 10 a. m. and will be concluded in the late afternoon the same day with an address by the past national president. Prof. W. W. Cook, of Northwestern.
. . . Senior co-ed debate manager, in charge of arrangements for the High School Debate Conference at the University today and tomor-
row.
I
Helmie Wins Soph
I
Speech 14 Contest A. J. Helmie, ME ’41, was chosen as top ranking speaker of all divisions of Speech 14 at the speech convocation held Wednesday evening in Eliza Fowler Hall. Placing second was F. H. Minger and following m third place was N. O. Kirkby. The winners were chosen from the ratings filled out by those attending the meeting. \ Union Workers... . . . last night elected officeis to take charge of the Annual Sophomore Union Party. Those elected include John W. Richey, ATO, president; Jean Brooks, AGR, executive; Lawrence Brodd, Phi Psi, activity chairman; and Lena Hibbs, Chi Omega, co-ed executive.
Deans Tell Journalists To 'Clean Up' Boilermaker Brawl If They Really Want To Continue The Dance
“Clean up this year’s Brawl or you’ll never have another one.” That substantially was the order issued yesterday afternoon to President Don Bailey and Secretary John Taylor, Sigma Delta Chi officers, concerning the Boilermaker’s Brawl scheduled for December 9. The two journalists were called to the dean of men’s office and grilled by Dean M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, and Prof. C. T. Hazard, of the mathematics department. Nix On Nudity Dean Fisher, most liberal-minded of the three, expressed only the desire to see the Brawl reasonably free from nudity and vulgaiity. “The dance is a disgrace to Purdue” in the opinion of Dean Stratton, who was particularly upset by the camera shots, the copy, and the advertising in the Exposer, tabloid publication issued during the Brawl. Professor Hazard, a member of the faculty Decency Committee, which last year “turned .about 40 men and 20 women away from the Biawl,” was against everything connected with the dance. Bailey In Doubt Sigma Delta Chi President Bailey was just a little in doubt about the censure heaped upon his Brawl. He couldn’t remember any obscenity
Bob Sasser and Joe Rittenhouse, senior varsity debaters, who will meet Ohio State’s varsity team this afternoon at 2:15 in Fowler Hall as part of the Annual High School Debate Conference.
Senior Forensic Managers Plan Program For H. S. Debaters; Include Banquet Tonight
Holt, Of Wisconsin, T0 Speak At Banquet A capacity crowd of 650, ^/ill fill the Union ballroom tonight as the visiting high school debaters hear Dean Frank C. Holt of the University of Wisconsin speak on “Education in the Modern World” at their annual banquet. Prof. P. E. Lull, conference chairman, will act as toastmaster. Dean Holt will s^ieak on the increasing importance of forensics in a sound educational program that will meet the needs of a changing world. Concert Choir The Concert Choir, with A. P. Stewart directing, will sing several selections. Rosemary Robinson will accompany. Stewart will also lead the visitors in group singing. The welcome will be given by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President, and by Dr. A. H. Monroe, head of the speech department. Julius Pewowar of Hammond High School, a member of the 19371938 championship debating team, will give the response. L. S. Winch will award the attendance trophy, given annually to the high school having the best representation at the conference. Numbers and distance ai’e taken into account. Previous Winners 1932— Hammond High. 1933— Mishawaka. 1934— Central of Fort Wayne. 1935— Mishawaka. 1936— Calumet Township of Gary. 1937— North Side of Fort Wayne.
Miner, Carr Arrange Conference Details Betty Hiner, senior co-ed debate manager, and Bob Carr, senior varsity debate -manager, together with their staffs are acting as hosts to the 800 high school debaters who arrive this morning to attend their annual two-day conterence at the University. Details of arrangement, including program, banquet, housing, practice debates, and campus tours are being cared for by campus forensics groups. Prof. P. E. Lull is conference chairman. Registration Beginning at 10 o’clock this morning, registration will take place in the Union Building. All delegates are expected to be registered by 2 o’clock. From 1 until 1:30, WBAA will broadcast an intei'view program from the lobby of the Union Building. Announcers will greet and interview students and coaciies attending the conference. I Eight hundred extra copies of the Exponent will be distributed to the debaters both this morning and on Saturday. A tour of the campus will be worked in with today’s program. Today’s schedule calls for a Big Ten debate, a banquet, and a preview of “Dracula.” Tomorrow a coaches’ conference and the Chicago Round Table are scheduled.
connected with the dances of previous years. “While we are going to model decorations and costumes for the Brawl after the old Bowery, we intend to see that the affair is conducted in a fairly decorous manner,” he asserted. “The Bowery Bums of the 1890’s did wear enough clothes, although they were scarcely becoming in fashion.” Bailey hinted that the members of the journalistic fraternity may all dress as policemen on the night of the dance and individually work to preserve order. Emphasizes Humor Rip Manion, editor of this year’s Exposn', fell into the “Clean Up the Brawl” spirit with the statement, “No attempt will be made to replace cleverness and humor with vulgarity in our Brawl tabloid.” Several candid camera campus shots were submitted yesterday in Sigma Delta Chi’s contest to find pictures suitable for publication in the Exposer. Thi-ee prizes—a complimentary ticket and $1 deductions on the price of two other Brawl ducats—are offered for the best snapshots. Deadline for entering pictures in the photo competition is 6 o’clock Sunday afternoon, unless arrangements are made beforehand. Entries may be left at the west Union desk or at the Union Exponent offices .
Campus Parties Announce Platforms For Gala WeeK As Campaigning Begins With all sorts of rumors and surmises as to the probable outcome of the approaching Piom and Gala Week committee elections already in the air, the two campus parties. Progressive and Boilermaker, present for their classmates’ consideration the platforms upon which they are basing their hopes for success in the coming election.
Boilermakers Say The Boilei maker Party, with the best inteiests of the Senior class in mind, piesents the following fourpoint platfoim: 1. We do heieby pledge that if elected we will offei oui fullest coopeiatioii in presenting the Class of 1939 with a gieatei Gala Week. 2. We believe that Pui due’s best advei tisement is hei Alumni. Therefoie we will bung back moie Alumni to the Purdue Campus in 01 del to piomotc better StudentAlumni 1 elationships. 3. We will endeavor, if student opinion desiies it, to bring back the once famous Senior Hop. 4. We will stimulate Gala Week enthusiasm to a high level befitting such an important occasion. Yours for a greater Gala Week, Eleanor Turner Tony Ippolito Dale Hutt Milt Reeves Herb Boyer R. R. Hannas
Progressives Say The Progressive Party presents the following four-point program: 1. We will hold a popular election of Gala Week chairman instead of choosing a chairman through intia-party politics. 2. We will inaugurate a senior holiday. 3. We will feature the seniors instead of the alumni during Gala Week. 4. We will sponsor a senior dance. “The Progressive Party satisfies the seniors.” V Fred Baase Martha Baker Verle Farow Ralph Maby Stubby Meier Dale Schinbeckler Sigma Alpha ... . . . Epsilon, social fraternity, announces the pledging of H. L. Freyn, of Indianapolis.
. . . Senior varsity debate manager, whose staff is helping prepare for this week-end’s High School Debate Conference. Two Sessions Today Continue Fourteenth Welding Conference Continuing its policy of demonstrations coupled with' exhibits, the fourteenth annual welding conference will continue today with two sessions in the main lecture room of Michael Golden shops at 9 a. m. and 1:30 p. m. James I. Banash, consultant engineer for International Acetylene Association, Chicago, will open the morning session with a discussion of “Safety in Gas Welding and Cutting.” “Distortion Problems” will be the title of the following talk given by Charles Jennings, research departr ment Westinghouse Electric and Mfg. Corp., Pittsburgh. Opening Topic Opening topic of the afternoon session will be “Arc Welding as Applied to Manufacturers of Heavy Road Machinery,” which will be handled by Elmer Isgren, representative of R. E. Tourneau, Inc., Peoria, 111. Linde Air Products’ representative, W. B. Browning, will follow this talk with a discussion of “Unionmelt Welding.” Skull And Crescent Picks Cotillion Committee Heads In a meeting held last night in the Union, Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, appointed the following men to the Sophomore Cotillion committee: R. A. Dilts, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, chairman; J. H. Brooks, Alpha Gamma Rho; J. C. Van Horn, Phi Kappa Psi; R. P. Bratten, Sigma Nu; W. S. Rehm, Alpha Tau Omega; and R. G. Massey, Triangle. “We will begin work immediately on the Cotillion, and we’ll have the best one this University has everseen,” said Chairman Dilts, rn accepting the chairmanship. Paying all expenses of the representatives while at Ann Arbor, the sophomore class of the University of Michigan extended a cordial invitation to the sophomore class of Purdue to' send a typical boy and girl to their Sophomore Prom, Friday, December 9. Any suggestions for the typical sophomores should be made to Chairman Dilts at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house as soon as possible.
That the United States should forrm an alliance with Great Britain.” The Purdue team will support the af-
firmative.
Last For Rittenhouse This will be the last debate for Rittenhouse, senior EE student who will be graduated at midyear. Sasser is a senior mechanical engineer. Both have seen three years of varsity competition. They are coached by Prof. P. E. Lull. Rooms are needed for a number of girls attending the debate conference. Those having rooms to rent, call the University Speech office, 3802, before 11 o’clock this
morning.
Grigsby is a sophomore in the Arts college at Ohio State. Shapiro is a junior agriculture student. They will be accompanied by their coach. Prof. C. Emory Glander, formerly of the Purdue speech staff. The decision and critique is to be given by Prof. Carroll T. Lahman, director of men’s debate at Western State Teachers’ College at Kalamazoo, Mich. The critique will be of special interest, since Prof. Lahman’s criticisms will sezwe as advice to the visiting high school debaters. Robert Phillips, organist, -will play before the debate and while Prof. Lahman is preparing his critique. Debaters Invited To PIA Tea Dance Extending a special invitation to the delegates of the Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference, the Purdue Independent Association will stage its fourth tea dance of the year tomorrow afternoon in the Union ballroom. The invitation was secured through the cooperation of Prof. P. E, Lull and the student committee in charge of the conference. Because of the large number of girls that will be on the campus, the stag rule which usually prevails will be changed to allow three stags to each girl. Co-eds and girl debaters will be admitted free to the dance, which will last from 3 to 5:30 p. m. Admission will be free to PIA members upon presentation of their membership cards, while non-members, organized men, and male debaters will be charged the small sum of 10 cents. Music will be furnished by up-to-date recordings such as were used at the successful Union tea dance last Tuesday. Professor Wood To Give Illustrated Talk Professor K. D. Wood, head of the aeronautics department, will be the guest speaker tonight at the open meeting 'of the Plying Club ^o be held at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. He will speak on “Recent Developments in Aeronautics.” The lecture will be illustrated by slides, color movies, and stereoscopic pictures in color which Wood took last summer at the National Air Races in Cleveland, and while visiting various airplane factories. Mrs. E. C.'Miller... . . . wife of metallurgy instructor, Edward Miller, was operated on for appendicitis in Horae Hospital Tuesday. The hospital reported her condition as very fine last night.£dijtifdaL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J'liaJttvui/L
Friday, December 2, 1938
5c^oo; Debaters...
. . . from all over the state congregate on the campus today for their ninth consecutive Debate Conference For most of them it will be something of a tuple preview—a) preview of Purdue, of college life m general, and a sample of what trips to student conventions are like From Purdue’s angle the most important thing is the preview of this University. These visiting high school students will get glimpses of a typical Friday today. They will see classes in action. They’ll invade the Union, watching student activities at work, and many other students at play in the recreat onal centers. Many of these debaters may return for another visit—of four years duration. Today will be an excellent opportunity for them to view the school in normal operation This year the high school forencists will have the opportunity to gam more practical experience than in the past, since they will all take part in practice debates. Besides this experience they get the chance to witness a Big Ten debate between Purdue and Ohio State and hear many prominent speakers These annual conferences serve several valuable purposes First, they enable Indiana high school students to visit one of the state’s iaige universities Second, they give the debaters expel lence and knowledge which will be valuable in their future forensic activity Third, they seive to organize and give a good start to the statewide high school debate season
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the poat office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CeuKress of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of pestac* provided for in section 1103 act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20 1022 Publislied daily except Monday dunsK the reeular academic year and weekly dunnsr the Summer Session Debvered locally by earner for $3 00 per year, mail aubscnptien $3 60
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Manapinff Editor » _ L. S Hardin City Editor „ _ _ — — DA Bailor Assdeiate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, W A Eroeplin, D G Temo J C Woodson BUSINGS STAFF
M C Reeves E M. Antonini _ W F Ber*
V DauKherty
H. W Nevin
_ WE Smith J3 J Henninger
Assistant Basiness Manacer Local AdVertisinp Manacer — Circulation Manager
Bales Manager _
National Advertising Manager
Accounts Manager
Art Director —
SPORTS STAFF
Editor
Associate Editors _
■diter
Associate EMiton
R. L. McDonald _ J A Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R J Deckard
CO-ED STAFF
„ _ Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georcann Schilling, Betty Wiekard
EDITORIAL OFFiCB
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICB
312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaiicr is written, edited and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viowponit. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chiaf REPRESENTED FOR NAT ONAU ADVERT S NO BY Nahonal Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CH cAGo Boston Los Angeles San Fhan sco
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Leber Fndaj December 2 1938
Cadet Officers Sponsor Final Luncheon Of Term The Chiistmas luncheon, the last of the semestei sponsoied by the
Today - Saturday
"TOIOHT'S THE NIGHT WE'LL BE GROWN UP! IT'S SENIOR PROM!"
Cadet Officers of the University ROTC corps, will be held at 12 00 noon on December 13 in the ball room of the Union There will be no tickets at the door, consequently any officer desiring to attend must state his wish to do so, and the price of admission, 50 cents, will be deducted fiom his pay The feature of the evening will be the presentation of appropriate gifts Gifts such as lengths of rubber hose, shovels, etc, are to be
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
CLAIRE TREVOR \ Micliael WHALEN & DtX'lE DUNBAR/'^
As Thrilfing As Broadway liself Plus
A NEW UNIViRSAL PICTURI '
NOAH BEERy Jr • LARRV BLAKE CATHERrNE HUGHES BERNADENE HAYES
umA 4 DAYS STARTING — SPOOK SHOW— SATURDAY NITE A Couple of Chiller nnn .. Dillers!
SPOOK SHOW SATURDAY NITE Doors Open 10 45
awaided as repi esentative of personal tiaits Theie will be a fully costumed Santa Claus to make the presentations Dr. Phillip Frank Speaks Tonight On Metaphysics Of interest to physicists and students will be the lecture of Dr. Phillip Frank, noted geometric, optics, and dynamics authority, tomght at 7 30 in the lectuie room of the Physics Building Professor of theoietical physics, German University of Prague, Di Frank has chosen as his subject, “The Role of Metaphysics in the Physics of the Twentieth Century ” Many distmgmshed groups including the scientific congress in Soviet Russia, 1928, have been addiessedbyDi Frank
Lum TODAY-SATUBDAY
2 FIRST RUH HITS
Zone Grey’s "THE MYSIERfOUS RIDER*
_ Al CA
mm
5 BIG DAYS STARTING TOMORROW
IHE SSGA OF AMERICAN IMRTY.FACED KIDS ... AND THE BREAKS THAT LIFE WONT GIVE THEMI lAMES CAGNEY PAT O’BRIEN THE DEAD END'KIDS HUMPHREY BODART ANN SHERIDAN QEORGE BANCROFT
LAST DAY LEW AYRES MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN in SPRING MADNESS'
BIM>,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidily
THE SDX . . . razz edition is to be published again this y^ar and anyone that has any clever (ahem) pictures we would be very grateful for the contrib
ALSO ANYONE THAT has any Good Dirt for this heie so called dirt column — that too would be gratefully accepted TRUMAN HAYS . . . . Ag romeo, seems to be rushing the sister of a state copper. Can the boy have a legitimate excuse^ THIS WAS SENT . .. in by a certain W E Denhnger We suppose that he wanted his name attached to this choice bit of gossip or he wouldn’t have signed his name
THE PLAYSHOP . . . . dittj—named Dracula—must be quite good The other mght at rehearsal they had the first appearance of the monster and BEVERLIE RICE was so frightened that she could not carry on.
THE B & B Prom Committee will be published m the SDX Razz Edition Get a copy—you may be m campus politics ’ ’ ’ BETTY ELSTUN . . . . Theta activity girl, did not show up for her talk 4t the soph training school yesterday. HOW CAN YOU expect the poor little sophomores to get that educatron rf you don’t come around BETTY’ — A Date ’ THE OTHER DAY . . . ... a group of Purdue students went down-state to see the boys and girls^ at the state nut house. We understand that the Kappas were the most prominent — old home week, eh girls???
fiS P J 1 ICopr 1938 by United (tatwe SyndlMto, liu
‘Aren’t you carrying this ‘office wife’ idea a bit too far, Mr. Snodgrass ?”
WAA News
Probable Starter
Tournaments Two WAA tournaments will begin Wednesday, December 7 Dorothy Schilling, chairman of ping pong and shuffleboard, has announced that class numerals will be given to the winners The ping pong singles tournament winners must take two out of three games Three new tables have been purchased for use m the event Girls entering the shuffleboard doubles contest may state then preference of partners, otherwise they will be paired according to lot Entries for both tournaments must be signed up on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gym by December 7 The Pi Phi’s defeated Pedahon 34-24 in the WAA volleyball games played yesterday afternoon Ward 1 defeated Ward 4, 26-25, and WRH South forfeited their game to the Thaeles team
These Shirts Are Cut For COMFORT
You’ll be amazed at the comfort tailored into these smart looking, full cut shirts. The smartest new patterns, including cross stripes and conventional stripes. Collars to suit yourg taste. You’ll say these are perfect shirts for the active season.
$1.65
DEWENTER'S 416 Main St. Phone 3801
Harry Zink, senior forward, is being heavily counted upon to fill one of the vacancies left by last year’s semors A Monticello High School product, Harry has had the hard luck to be at Purdue during the reign of Young and Sines, but is due to come into his own this year.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY A Private Lesson Will Be Given Free of Charge WED., DEC. 7, 7:00 p. m. To those wishing to enroll in our NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
ARC
TODAY—SATURDAY .MONOGRM PICTURES Present" Toin TYLtR M.AIH KDEATH VALLEY' and.*v:.
o
y
«'>
Friday, December 2, 1938
THE PURDUE
SfioijtA.
EXPONENT
Gophers Predicted As Likely Champions Big Ten Conference By virtue of their whirlwind finish in last year’s hardwood campaign and the return of four regulars from the past season, the fighting' Gophers of Minnesota will draw the pre-season bid for Western Conference supremacy when the action for the current season begins. The Gophers finished their schedule last year with an impressive record of nine straight victories. Added to this is the return of regulars Addington, Kundla, Spear and Maki to form the nucleus of the 1938 powerhouse. The only loss suffered by the squad was their versatile guard, Martin Rolek, who was a powerful cog in aiding his team to finish a close contender with Purdue for the championship last season. Tackle S. D. First South Dakota will be the first test of the Gophers’ strength as both teams open their season in Minneapolis tomorrow. Other Big Ten teams to operi the fireworks this week will be Chicago, Iowa, and Wisconsin, meeting North Central, Carleton, and Beloit, respectively. Purdue Still Rates Close upon the heels of the stellar Minnesota five for Conference honors will be Pnidue, Indiana, and Ohio State. All of these teams suffered slight losses this season, but the return of a goodly number of veterans added to an extremely promising group of sophomores, will brighten the Hoosier outlook along with the Buckeye and Purdue forecasts.
The University of Akron was signally honored recently when a South African journalist invited the school to confer upon him a degree, “perhaps in arts, literatui'e, science (zoology preferred) or philosophy.” And the big-hearted fellow even offered to pay $200 to $600 to cover registration fees. We are just waiting to see how this situation turns out before we make our own application to Pur* due.
Intramural Musings
With outdoor sports activities rapidly closing, the intramural department has turned its attention to basketball, swimming, and to squash. Last night’s fraternity basketball games istarted olf activity in the two leagues that will hold competition in a six game schedule. Taking a tip from last year’s gripes about the basketball officials, “Chief” Clevett wants it known that all protests about officiating should be made to’his office and not to the officials. The department gets as good referees as possible with the money available, and usually has boys with basketball experience; so keep the gripes down imtil you are sure of the grounds. “Chief’s” dream has finally come true with the erection of the three new squash courts in the Pieldhouse gymnasium, and he is wasting no time in getting interest started in a big way. For the first time a fraternity team tourney is being held, and 24 teams have been entered. Opening round play will begin Saturday afternoon. The new courts have been drawing quite a few novices, but the lack of equipment has kept many away. The intramural department can not afford to furnish squash bats and balls for everyone, but in all tournaments it will provide the necessary equipment which can be obtained at the check-out window. Minimum equipment is not especially expensive, as only bat and balls are needed along with gym clothes which most persons have. Only the white soled shoes may be worn on the courts, however.
Intramural Notices
Basketball Court 2: M. Aronson. 7:00—Ward IIX vs. Ward 15. 7 :15 —Ward 13X vs. Ward IIB. 8:26—^Ward 13 vs. Ward 8X. Court 8: F. A. Smithson. 7:00—Ward 14 vs. Ward lOX. 7:15—^Ward IX vs. Ward llA. 8 :26—Ward 6A vs. Ward 6B.
f
Holi^axj Ocmina! HAVE YOU ENOUGH Gotham Gold Stripe Stockings?
Take along “Gothamettes”, to-the-knee; sheer chiffon sandal stockings, for dancing; crepes, for sheer beauty and extra wear; “Adjustables”, for the perfect fit and the elasticity that strenuous action demands. Come in and let us help you select a stocking wardrobe that meets your particular needs.
Pair 79c
Pair $1.00
Pair $1.35
Boilermaker Fencers Begin Season Dec. JO Elimination series to determine the men who will face Chanute Field in the Boilermaker fencers’ first contest of the season started last night in the Fieldhouse and will continue this week and next. Winners in this series will travel to Chanute, 111., to meet the army airmen on December 10, according to the present plans of Coach Finney. Juniors Look Good Neptune and Schmitt, juniors, have been showing good form in the sabre matches and promise to give Stepath, a member of last season’s squad, plenty of support in that class. J. Smith and Mort Meiers, also have been showing up fine in the epee, but will have to compete with Levin and Bob Meiers, veterans, for positions on the squad. The battle for the three berths open on the squad for men in the foils is wide open at the present time, although Huffman, the only experienced man in the group, is sure of his place. No Christmas Trip? Plans for the second annual Christmas trip through the East seem likely to fall through at the present time as no word has been received fiom schools which Coach Finney has written in an effort to get matches. Included on the list of teams which he hopes to schedule are Columbia, St. Johns, Seaton Hall, and City College of New York. The schedule for the team for next year calls for five Big Ten meets and a home and home series with Notre Dame.
Semi-Final Fraternify Touchball Tills End In 6-6 Ties; Will Be Played Off Today With both of yesterday's touchball games ending in ties, the finalists of the fraternity touchball tournament are still unknown. In both the semi-final contests yesterday the games ended in 6-6 deadlocks, with darkness keeping overtimes from being played. This afternoon the four teams will again battle on intramural field to determine the two teams which are to play for the much-sought trophy. Putting over a touchdown in the
Dale Hutt, elusive forward, has been burning up the floor in recent practices in an attempt to capture a regular post that has eluded him in two previous years while playing understudy to Young and Sines.
The schedule: Jan 7—^Notre Dame, here. Jan. 14—Northwestern, here. Feb. 4—Ohio State, there. Feb. 11—Illinois, thei’e. Feb. 17—Wisconsin at Chicago. Feb. 18—Chicago, there. Feb. 25—Big Ten Meet, at Illinois.
HAYS JEWELKY <;:0. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
TRIPLE XXX FRUIT MARKET 1 NON-SHATTER XMAS TREES NOW IN! ANY SIZE • from 2 FT. UP • Delicious Apples 6 lbs. for 25c jonathan Apples 7 lbs. for 25c Florida Oranges 2 dox. for 35c Pecans (Georgia) .Lb. 19c BRITT BROS.
Smart... New ... Individual Rytex Personal Christmas Cards are remembered long after Christmas . . . they are so distinctly individual ... so heart warming. Yet so reasonably priced ... 50 cards, printed with your Name on each Card and 50 Plain Envelopes to match .. . only $1.
SOUTHWORTH'S COLLEGE BOOK STORE
first few minutes of the second half, the Theta Chis managed to battle the Phi Kappa Sigma boys to a hard fought 6-6 tie in one of two games played. Playing a seesaw battle in the first half, the Phi Kappa Sigmas scored on a 60 yard pass play, Evers to Hufnagly to Kjelberg. A few minutes after the second half had begun, a short pass over the goal was good for the Theta Chi score. With only a few seconds remaining in the game the Phi Kappa Sigma boys drove down to the ten yard line only to have a fourth down pass grounded m the end zone. Second Game In the othei game the Phi Kappa Taus and the Phi Pi Phis also played to a 6-6 tie. The Phi Kappa Taus scored in the fiist half on a pass from Motz to Oseiling. In the second half the Phi Pi Phis completed
a long pass, Kavaia to Smithson, knotting the score up 6-6. The game itself was entirely a passing game with the Phi Kappa Tau team using the combination of Motz to Fisher, and Phi Pi Phi boys clicking with Kavaia to Smithson. Hair Styles Furnish Vogue Essay Theme This season’s controversy over the “Up hail do’s” fuinishes the theme foi one of the essays in this year’s Vogue Piix de Pans contest. Two othei topics are- “Why I Entered the Contest,” and “High Points of the Vogue’s Winter Fashibns.” All senior giils of accredited colleges may entei this fourth Vogue Piix de Paris contest.
No Wonder I It is no wonder they wanted his clothes; because he had had them properly cleaned and neatly pressed by our expert service. Try our dry cleaning once and be convinced for yourself.
Phone 4081 NORTHWESTERN AT VINE
WINTER’S ON THE WAY FREEMAN SHOES
"BARGE IN” You’ll need sturdy shoes to carry you through the sloppy, slushy, sleety, snowy weather ahead. We have several handsomely styled winter-weather Freemans to show you. A. B. C. Shoe Co.
X-RAY FITTING New Location 406 Main
Phone 2(X)1m *|'
3[txaL Cidiu
y
Debris Searches For Employment Service Co-ed Pulchritude Places 131 Students
Special for prospecti\e Debris beauties and their friends' Call foi contestants in the 1939 Debris beautv contest Am one hav ing any suggestions foi Puidue’s queen should put then suggestions in the Debris beauts box at the Union ^^est desk Those nominated will be piesented in the Debris Union beauty contest next Satuiday evening Bud Bry ant and his band will furnish the music foi the contest The Union will supply the VaiieU Horn Those chosen in the final elimina tion will have then pictuies taken by Jeny Gallon of the Dexheimei Gallon studios of Indianapolis
ThefaTau...
piofessional engmeeiing frateinit\ announces the pledging of Russell F Schmidt, East Chicago, 111
Furnas ICE CREAM Quarts 25c — Pints 15c DAD’S PLACE — Where freshness ts guaranteed
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
Call or See
HUNECK’S WALLPAPER - PAINT
826 Main Street
Phone 3841
HOTEL FOWLER The Tops in Hotel Stops Blue Blazer Walnut Room Cocktail Lounge Cafe Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
the Purdue Exponent
r Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. kEISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St
• Professional
LYLE E. FISHER
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A RISK—DOS HAROLD J RISK—DDS LUTHER A RISK—D D S Schultz Building 4h and Ma n Phone 5701
WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do It well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry Sf
• Shoe Repair
• Florists
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Photography
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mam at 7th Phone 6050
Make your Christmas Gifts personal Give Portraits Special Prices Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St W Lafayette, Ind
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Univeisity students weie placed m 131 part time jobs during the fiist 10 weeks of school this year announced officials of the local In diana state employment service La fayette and West Lafayette employ eis and home owners have employed the entire gioup thiough the services of the employment depart ment State employment service, with the cooperation and authorization of the University, operates a spe cial department designed to assist students in finding part time jobs Many students depend on these earnings to pay then school costs Part-time job department, which IS maintained in the employment service quarters at 312 North 4th street has over 250 men and women students registered for all types of work Home owneis and employers who are interested in employ mg students are requested to get in touch with this department
Irvan Maury To Furnish Syncopation Tomorrow Irvan Mauiy and his campus band will provide the music for the reg ulai mixei toihoiiow evening in the Union bhllroom The dance is scheduled from 9 to 12 p m , with the regulai price of one dollar per couple prevailing
The Student Workers Federation has been refused a meeting place on the University of California campus
Television was first used as a medium of classroom mstiuction by New York University
Radio Headliners
12 16 p m 12 30 p m 3 00 p m 4 Od p m 4 16 p m 4 30 p m 4 46 p m 6 00 p m b 16 p m fa 16 p m - 6 oO p m
6 30 p m fa 45 p m
00 p m
00 p m 7 30 p m
8 00 I m
8 30 1 m 8 4 pm
) 00 1 ni
1 00 p m 9 30 p m
10 00 p m
10 00 p m 10 l7 p m
10 30 p m 10 30 p m
10 30 p m 10 30 p m
10 30 p m 11 00 p m
11 00 p m 11 00 p m
—FRIDAY— —Luncheon music WGN Luncheon dance time WBAA —International Livestock Show WENR —Make Believe Danceland WCFL —Swingtime Serenade WENR -Tea Time Tunes WFBM —International Livestock Show WLW —Ai tie Shaw s orchestra WENR -Ennio Bolognini s orchestra WMAQ -Four Stars PoniKht WLW -Windei Show with Jack Haley and Ted Fio Rito s oichestra WBBM WFBM Dinner concert WCFL Enieiy Dcutsch s oichestra WMAQ —City Scivice concert with Lu cillc Manners WIRE WMAQ -First Nmhter WBBM WFBM Burns an 1 Allen with Ray Noble s orchestra WBBM WFBM Waltz Time with Abe Lyman s oicht Ira md Frank M it n WMAQ WIRE Hollywood Hotel WBBM WFBM March of Time WENR —little Jael Littles oreh stn WGN I ady Fsther Seienade with G ly Lombardo s orchestra WIRE WMAQ Design foi dancing WENR Make Believe Danceland WCFL -Tommy Doisey s orchestia WBBM -Concert orchestra WGN Ennio Bolotnini s orchestra WENR -Leighton Noble s orchestra WFBM -Russ Morgan s oichestra WIRE -Earl Hines orchestia WENR Little Jack Littles orchestra WGN —Lou Breese s orchestia WMAQ —Richaid Himber s orchestra WIRE —Abe Lyman s orchestra WBBM WFBM —Moon River WLW
Chess Players Hold Organization Meet Thnty veterans and would-be chess players met last night in the game loom of the Union and organized the Puidue Union Ghess Glub Pm poses of the oigamzation are to foster interest in chess, sponhoi an all university chess tournament, and to select teams for intercollegiate chess competion Officers elected were L H Guit nei, president, and R W McMaster, secretary A committee composed of the officers and Dr F D Martin, faculty advisor, was selected to formulate future plans
Present Plans
Present plans include a meet with the Indiana Ghess Association of Indianapolis (there) sometime befoie the Ghnstmas holidays In the neai future, the all umveisity chess tournament will begin with round robin play offs m foui divisions, including championship, consolation, beginners and faculty giaduate stu dent flights Chess club members will engage in informal play on Thuisday nights in the game loom
of the Union
Anyone inteiested in enteiing the tournament or coming out,foi the chess team should get in touch with Secretary McMastei 4031, as soon as possible Prospective playeis may also sign up at the desk in the Union game loom wheie a caid y;ill be provided Symphony To Play Twice For Convos Pi of J T Gunn chan man of the convocation and lectures commit tee announced last night that the Indianapolis Symphony Oichestra has been scheduled to play for two peifoimances instead of one as was originally announced The Orches tia played here two nights last year and met with the approval of the entire student body and faculty This distinguished group of mu sicians v/ill be heard on March 9 as was first planned and also on Jan uary 10 for the extra convocation
%
We Are Prepared
W -ii
Phone
To Give You the very finest of Dry Cleaning, And To Do It REGULARLY. At Prices that are in keeping with the service we render. , You’ll Be Happy with the results. Send Us Your Work NOW You’ll need it soon. West Side Office—132 Vine Street
I
OtojticeA, Advanced Dancing Classes Will Begin On Monday Evening PIA eds and co eds, having learned the rudiments of dancing, are now ready for the more advanced steps. Miss Knight of the Women’s Athletic Department will give instructions ^n advanced dancing on Monnay and Wednesday evenings at 7pm for five consecutive evenings These lessons will begin on December 6th and will be held m the Women’s Gym All the modem ballroom dance® including the Shag and the Lambeth Walk will be taught The advanced group will have to be limited to 60 couples because of limited space All men should bring girls so as to get the most out of the lessons There will be a free dance given at Allen’s following the Christmas vacation for the benefit of both the beginning and advanced classes Yesterday the beginning classes were brought to a close Monday’s lesson will begin promptly at 7 p m m the Women’s Gym Tickets for the five lessons can be obtained in the PIA office for $1 25 per couple Kitchen To Speak At Pharmacy Meeting Di D K Kitchen well known authoiity on hormones and endo Cline glands, connected with Parke Davis and Company of Detroit, will speak next Wednesday December 7 at 7 30 in the Pharmacy Build mg on 'The Present Status of Endociune Iheiapy” His lecture will be illustiated with slides The lectuie is sponsored by Kap pa Psi, national pharmacy honorary Robert Kantz, president of Kappa Psi will be in charge of the meet
mg
Invitation to attend is extended to doctors and pharmacists of Lafayette and West Lafayette, members of the American Chemical Associa tion and students m pharmacy and science
Friday, December 2, 1938
ClassiHad Ads FOR SALE
FOR SALE—Royal No 10 typewriter Pica type Excellent condition Only $27 60 Bob DuFon 61204 ^ LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Purse between Oakland Hill and Doyle Beauty Shop Reward Phone 76881
LOST—Reamer cap in room 204 Armory Finder call Ralph Beiley 46762 Reward jf LOST—^Internal combustion engines by Poison Call 41642 after 8 00 p m Reward Art Bodeau
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold purchased, rented, and repaired New portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebershofl, 606 Mam street
Notices
Glee Club Compulsory lehearaal Saturday December 3 at 1 30 p m in Eliza Fowki Hall —WORCESTER PIA Orchestra Practice Friday December 2 in the towei room of the Union Building at 7 p m All members are urged to attend or have music on hand —SHINN
Delta Rho Kappa Initiation ceremonies at 6 16 p m Wednesday December 7 in the tower room of the Union Initiation banquet at 6 00 p m in the Chestunt Room —HANNAS
Purdue Engineer Lantz Leckie Mar tinek Harpei Packman and Jones leport to Harris at 4 p m Friday December 2 at the Engineei office —HART Lambda Kappa Regular business meet mg will be held m the reception room of the Union at 7 30 p m Sunday December 4 All Lutheran students are invited to attend —OTT
Sigma Delta Chi Theie will be a meet ing Friday December 2 at 5 p m m room E of the Union —BAILEY
Union Sophomores Will the following membeis of my committee please meet in the Student Union Office at 4 16 p m Friday December 2 Brooks Hosier Dreis bach Kennedy Sheets Biyant Bennett Goodman Morrison and Potter —ASHTON
Eta Kappa Nu Rough initiation Tues day December 6 at 7 00 p m m the E E Building —KECK
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Sunday De cemhei 4 at 4 30 p m in room B of the Memorial Union Building —AYASUN
ASME Members Get your pins and membership cards from G A Young s office this week (12 3) —CLUTTER
NYA Workers Checks for the period ending November 15 1938 are now available in the Cashier s Office m the Executive Building (12 3) —HOLLENSBE
Scrivener Bring all outstanding sub Ecriptions to Dr Sutcliffe or myself by Saturday December 3 Don t forget the cash —PAARLBERG
CE 6 (Surveying) Examination for the removal of conditions will be held m CE 201 on Saturday December 3 at 1 p m Get permits in CE 102 —POTT
ME 61, ME 62 Make up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday December 17 at 1 p m All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10 —BINDER
CE 21 The examination to remove the grade C in CE 21 will be given in room 301 of the CE Building on Saturday December 8 from 1 to 4 p m Please consult me in advance —SONESON
Ushers and Police Pay for football game work may be obtained at the ticket office in (the Fieldhouse (12 3) —SANDERS
Have You the Right Clothes? Now is the time to purchase warm clothing so that the cold weather will not keep you home. You may dress in style—winter or summer. Remember this when you buy and come to Reliable.
Corduroy Coats Sweaters Hats Ear Muffs Gloves Scarfs
$5.98 $1.97 and up $L97 39c 97c and up 47c and up
Reliable Clothing Co.
Phone 5730
224 Main Street