5UAUFICATI0N$ For Commissions Jn Army Listed
Established 1889
W Ruin The Ruhr
TKrS Tif ATO'S Fdr Lead tn Ftace For Softball Title
Volueie 54, No. 33
We$t Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, july 24, 1942
Donahue Will Play For Summer Prom Tonight
Chauncey, Otter-Be-ln
Head SCA, House Clubs Heri|ijari&ing „ , , Non-Organized Women Compile 4.09 Meetirig To Replace Mote ^UaBlits
Average Index, Men Show 3.87 Rating
Unii^n Dunce To Feature 'lovy Down Rhythm*/
irv ’’ i
Modernistic Backdrop/Tickets Still Available
Classes At 11 A>M. a. ^ Next Friday morjjing 11, Pr^i jfQD f O/*
Scholarship ratings released by the University last Tnes- r.e^lreoTlXn" - ft ' * I *
day OB the standings of men s house clubs and co-operative conditioned Music Hall to attempt iL#©tcJS5G/ffTjQf
houses nud 'WeineTl^S IiAIISA plnllQ cVinTirorl ■Fliof nr^n -F-noF/iifl.. 4-j^ oncjx^rai i^ndcjt-ift-nc! niTini* TT7inT'
Field Workers Excused From PEM 12 Clases
houses and women’s house clubs, showed that the non-frateC'c to answei questions concerning war nity men had an index of 3 84, while the non-soroiity women duties and responsibilities of
had an index of 4 07
The all-women index average was 4 09, and the men’s average index was 3 87 The total.
students average was 3 91
Chauncey House, SCA, led the independent men’s houses and clubs with an index otf 4 33 Dover Hou«e was second With an index of 4 12 The independent men’s organiza tions ranked in the following oidei Chauncey House SCA 4 33 Dovei IJouse 4 12 Citadel 411 Mai wood House, SCA 4 10 Duma House 4 09 Gpld and Black 4 08 Circle Fines, SCA, 4 03 Pachelor’s Haven Rochdale House, SCA Wal^ion Hall 3 95 Rivpuac 3 89 Kneale House, SCA 3 88 Qwen House SCA 3 86 Salisbury Pouse SCA 3 77 Wesley Boys’ House, SCA 3 71 Westminster House SCA 3 68 Stellei ^all 3 66 International House 3 58 WjJson Hall 3 68 State House 3 33 Womens house clubs latings
were
Ottei Be Inn 4 62 Casa Manana 4 51 Ann Tweedale House, S C A 4 29 Collegiana 4 27 tlazian 415 Caiolyn Shoemakei, SCA 4 16 Glenwooij House, SCA 4 14 N 0 M I 4 04 Novadale 4 01 Coedda * 4 01 Antigomsh 3 97 S p E House 3 94 Morns Manor 5 90 The Gables 3 79 Harmony Haven 3 72
Col. Johnston
To Address
AlChE Meeting
Will Discuss Gases NexT Wednesday
Lt Col W A Johnston head of Civilian Protection School here, will be guest speaker at the next meet ing of AIChE which will be held
students His information will come diiectly from Washington wlieie he has spent the last four weeks find ing the answei s to the war ques tions of all the colleges and univer
sities in the country Classes Dismissed
In answer to the recent callout by Indiana farmers for studdnts to alleviate the shoitage of faim laboi by detassehng corji, it was an
Classes will be dismissed for the yesterday that 126 Uni which will not be broad students have signed up for
this work
The woik which has already be gun will be earned on for the next thiee 01 foul weeks Those stu dents who have alieady left their
pi ogram
cast All students are urged to at'% tend, as Piesident Elliott will speak on such cuirent and confusing top ics as the latest status of the stu dent with the diaft, the oppoituni
ties and standing of students who schedule of classes at the executive
entei industiy, and the many re seive plans now offeied President Elliott went to Wash ington to woik under Paul V Me Nutt, chairman of the Federal Man Power Commission, as diiector of
building registiation desk will be notified one day before they are to|
work^
Students May Still Sign Up It was stressed by the committee in chaige that anyone who desires
in room 129 of the EE Building next technical and militaiy seivices to sign up may still do so this week
Wednesday at 7 30 p m Col Johnston will devote his part of the piogrqm to a film on in cendiary piotection and war gas piotection m addition to answering such questions as the membeis at
m the univeisities and colleges of
the nation
New Duties Of Elliott Last week he added to his duties the national roster which lists 600 000 professional men and special isls, the Piocuiement and Assign
tending the meeting may ask after ment Office which selects suigeons he complests his speech on ^War and phj sicians foi military service.
Gases and Incen^iaiies ”
When students repoit to woik they aie urged to make sure they have the following articles of clothing, a shirt, kerchief and a hat It IS imperative that all dress properly in order to otter the best
protection from the sun
It was previously announced that those who detassel coin on a day
Johnston To Answer Questions He will answei such questions as
and the U S Office of Education which they are scheduled for PEM piogiam for engineering, science 12 will be excused from the class and management defense tiainmg for that day A record wilLbe kept
, , , , _ President Elliott will be the only of the houis in the field and the
to appear on the piogiam student need not bother notifying which IS sponsoied by the Student the physical education department War Council The Men’s Glee Club 500 Workers In 8 Counties
under the direction of A P Stewart,
been used in the piesent war, what the principal gases are that are used in waifaie the lesults of the
uses of such gases are, and what w.n^ing'two'numbers
civilian protection is effective Johnston had been a reserve officer for many years pven before he was called to active duty one and one Inll years ago from his job as teach er of chemistry at Lmdenbloom Technical High School in Chicago
Hind School
The Civilian Piotcctiffi School at the IJniveisity of which ho is the head is the thud of such schools he has originated
David E. Ross According to the reports from Home Hospital as of 11 15 last night DavrJ P Ross piesident ol the Board ot Ti ustees is still
in a critical condition
Ross has been seriously ill for moie than a week h's condition remaining critical for the past
three days
The United States Employment Service previously reported that 500 workers have signed up in eight counties in the state including Tip pecanoe county Seed groweis de
dare that 1 000 workers will be working for thd Indiana State needed in addition to those alieady Board of Health, the United Slates registered Public Health Seivice and other The students at the Univeisity public or semi public offices recent
Hoping for a continuance of the present comparatively cool spell. University students will attend a streamlined, war-economized Prom in the Union tonight with dancing from 9 until 2 a m to music by A1 Donahue’s “Low Down Rhythm’’ orchestra Coed hours for the affair have been set at 3 a m by AWS. After days of haggling on the matter, the Student Union'has definitely specified that corsages will be m Older The Union’s decision, however, has been modified by a suggestion from — —— Prof Hockema to the effect that flowers shall be inexpensive, such as hair or wrist decorations, in order to conform to war expenditure control Summer Prom tickets will be on sale this afternoon at a booth in front of the Sweet Shop from 4 until 6^0, and any tickets remaining will he on sale at the door Admission price has been set at $2, including tax, and students passports will not be required Conforming to the University’s stipulation of economy in face of the national emergency. Summer Prom decorations will be limited to a backdrop, designed and built by the Student Union in a modernistic theme, with flowing curves and sharp angles, painted in bright blues, reds and yellows Music master for the evening is A1 Donahue, the boy who couldn’t decide between music and law for a profession Before he could make his mind up definitely to his ultimate field of endeavor, A1 found himself graduating simultaneously from Boston University and the New England Conservatory of Mu-
sic
Music, however, won out and A1 put aside his briefcase to take up the baton, and spurned the judicial gown for “Low Down Rhythm in a
Top Hat ”
Beginning with a. job leading a band m a swanky New England summer resort, Donahue’s musical career carried him all over the United States, from Boston to
Hollywood
Rut A1 wanted to branch out, and
Practical phases of industrial shortly thereafter signed a contract protection, with the emphasis to b6 (See SUMMER PROM, page 4)
placed on war emergency measure.
A1 Donahti^
Prof. W. E. Howland Industrial Protedi^
Heads Water Supply
T,.:ning Course j„|, 3j_ 3,
Civil and sanitary engineers
I
Band Apnpunces New Appointments^ Promotions
who have answered the call will be ]y completed a wai tiaining course outlined in detail by olit- /•ftr A^Pfl^C 1 An. i.-. T 4- i-i.„ , T , V Rffinfliyio* niiLhnriLiPc nf. fl Hnv * * Cf^CfWW » w# fTICiI ^
Archery Tourney To Start August 3 Practice for the coiping men’s all
paid 40 cents pei hour spent in the at Indianapolis
field Tianspoitation will be fur nished foi them fiom the Univei
sity to the fields
standing authorities at a two day nchool sponsoied by the Industrial
W E p^owland, piofe^soi of san- piotection Division of the Pubbe Italy engineeiing at the University gafety Institute at the University
and nationally known foi his design July 30 31 of watei supply systems, was in „ , ,,, . 4 4. f II. j Capt Kline In Charge
stiuctoi for the com se which ofteied
a study of the entire field of watei According to Capt K E Kllnfe,
supply including hydrology, the the University staff, in charge of campus archery touinament that yield of wells, design of dams, proc Program ariangements, approxi- Monday, August 3, esses of water treatment and emer 125 protection unit super ^ e e on e range a jaeent
gency pioblems pei taming to na- '^isois from vaiious industries of tional defense the state are expected to attend , Persons attending the school will eup n large requiied to piesent plant identi B H Jeup who is in chaige of fication ciedentipls'’*^in order to be the Engineeiing Buieau laboratoiy admitted to the class room sessions
Former Student Enters Pensacola
John C Thornton foimer Umveisity student, was lecently ap
U<i I versify • Mid semester pointments, and
M
ilitary Band in Concert FdrrnSfion promotions, ap Kolacek, Staff Sergeant, in charge assignments of of Quarters, G M Palmer, Staff
tommissioned officeis in the Umver sity Militaiy Bands have just been announced by Piofessoi P S Em lick Diiectoi of the Bands The loster of commissioned offi
cors IS as follows
Captain and Director of Varsity
University Graduate Prisoner Of Japs
for the Indiana State Board of Health, lectuied on the testing and inteipietation oi watei analysis Subject lectuies were piesented by men outstanding in the field of civil engineeiing lelative to watei supply Among these weie P C Laux, supei mtendent of Andeison filtration plant who discussed watei filtiation and coagulation, and J C Vaughn superintendent of Ham mond plant who discussed water
taste and odoi contiol ^
to the women’s tennis couits on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday evenings from 4 to 5 30 All men students are eligible to participate
in the tournament
The tournament will consist of the standaid American Round as
State Police, Chemical
Repiesentativ^s of the Indiana
Service officers on the staff of the
Water Problems Discussed Emergency pioblems in water
supply and the legal and govern-
Seigeant, in charge of Music Detail, C B States, Sergeant, in chaige of Technical Detail, E H Wiggers, Sergeant, in charge of Chau and Rack Detail, M P Sham-
baugh, Sergeant, in charge of , , _
_ Equipment Detail, M B Myers, graduate of Infimnapolis, has Ibeen terns weie biought to class atten-
pointed Naval Aviation Cadet and g Watson, Bvt Captain Seigeant, Assistant Drum Major, identified by his wife and paients tion by B A Poole chief engipeer was tiansferied to the Naval An jyjjjtiaiy Officei, R A Spieng- H A Myers, Seigeant, in charge from a pictuie in a cuiient maga Indiana State Board of Station, Pensacola, Ela , tor flight Lieut and Band Adjutant, of Percussion Detail, J H Andei zine showing a group of Ameiican Health and chairman of the State
training, according to an announce g q Detail son
Each contestant will
, r, 4. L o 1. 1 u shoot a total of 90 arrows m the
Civilian Protection School being j
ji.jj.iUTT i. * J qualifying i-ound—30 arrows each conducted at the University, and jn so - j m, j. j. , „ , „ , i. i.1. V. 11 at 40,60, andeOyaids The top forty
staff members will direct theJiulk
of the mstiuction The compre- following week Final hensive piogiam will include dis- determined by the cussions of plant emergency de- ^otal of the qualifying and final
fense organization, war traffic con- ,ound scores
tiol and cai conseivation, searches ^11 men students desiring to enof individua s and areas, patrol must sign up at the pioblems, blackouts and camhu- archeryiange during the next week
flage, wai gases, self defense, jin gei pimting and preservation of
evidence, and the effect of bomfiing scorers
Gold, silver, and bionze keys will be awarded the three highest
Captain HixW Meier, University mental aspects of watei supply sys- buildings and peisonpel
Skeleton \ illage Show As the closing feature
Pen Sanitaiy Engineers Association
U. 'Sap' tiley Dies in Crash In Trinidad
ment made by the public lelations ofiice oi that station Thornton, son ot Mi John C Thornton, ot Chicago 111, was sent to the Naval Reserve Aviation Base in Glenview, 111, last Apiil During his next mopth theie, he success fully passed the elimination tiain
mg course
Upon completion of the inten sive seven month couise at “The ^nnapolis of the An ” Thointon will receive his designation as a Naval Aviatoi with a commission as Ensign in the Naval Reset ve oi as 2nd Lieutenant in the Mai me Coips Reserve and will go on ac
live duty
Officei R J Coeis, 1st Lieut pnd Assistant Militaiy Officer W A Hammer, 2nd Lieut and Supply Officei, R K Cast, 2nd Lieut and Personnel Officei, E Bass, 2nd Lieut, assigned to Headquaiteis Office, W L Downing, 2nd Lieut and Band Quartermaster, G C Huffman, Bvt 2nd Lieut and Pub licity Officei H W Koch Sergeants Announced Non commissioned officeis are Mastci Seigeant and Band Li biaiian, M F Andeison, Mastei Seigeant and Coneeitmeistei, R B Clifford, Top Seigeant, in chaige of all Details, B J Fold, Staff Sei geant and Head Drum Major, W J
soldiers captured on Bataan
insula by the Japanese
On May 16, his wife received
word Irom the War Depaitment ot education, awarded sixteen cei
that he “was serving in the Philip pines at the time of the suirender of Bataan,” but no further infoima tion was given The picture was the first indication the family had re ceived that Captain Meier is alive
Corporal, assigned to Supply Office, R V Evanson, Coipoial, Chau and Rack Detail J A King, Corporal, Technician Detail, R F Sharp, Corporal, Music Detail, W H Weber, Coiporal, Quarters De tail, J H Isaacs, Corporal, Public ity Detail, R J Reed, Corporal, Equipment Detail, D D Weits,
Lance Coipoial Peicussion Detail, ' R C Dai by, Lance Coiporal, Mpsic AA Hniflan Detail, J J Sonnei, Principal Field ^"TOrU iYl. rTOfUefl
Trumpeter, in chaige of training former student of the Univei
Tiumpeteis, G H Palmer, 1st Field . , . .
m i HT T) flyr o J IJ ot ’44, has received an
Tiumpetei M R Myers, 2nd Field
Trumpeter, W H Webei, 3rd aPPomtment to West Point Military Eield Trumpeter, W R Reiiy, 4th Academy Holden was a nlembei of
Field Trumpeter, P E Punke Triangle frateimty
of the
school, following a denjonstiatlon ot vaiious methods of controlling magnesium, thermit, white phos
The University, under the au- phorus, and oil bombs by Lt Col , „ j e. , spices of'the United States office W A Johnston, director ol the War
Department Civilian Protection School, the mdustiial protection
supervisors will attend an inceh- ^ . diary demonstration to be staged I!;!" T
m the “skeleton village” erected north of the Ross Ade stadium
tificates to merobeis of the class who satisfactorily completed the
work
Lt, Jfolm W (Sam) Riley, Jr,
take-off accident at a Trinidad auport After the landing gear tires blew out, the nose of the plane ran
Coed Notice )Vomen students expecting to leave town the week end of July 24, 25 and 26 must have special out ef town permission letters fiom their parents These letters should be sent directly to the housemother in charge of the
residence
—AWS Judicial Board
Miss M, f. Beeman . of the School of Home Economics letuined to the campus Wednesday fiom Wooster, Ohm Miss Reeman had been gone sipce the middle of Febiuaiy due to an
ploded The pilot and gunner escaped, but the radioman and Lt
Riley were killed instantly Riley attend the University for
two years after graduating from Jefferson High School and enlisted in the Air Corps on June 2, 1941 He was a U S Array Air Corps navigatoi attached to the bomber ferry service, Atlantic division He was the son of Mr and Mrs John W.
illness fiom which she has now rn* Riley, 421 Park Ave., Lafayette,
covered^urdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, ' Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Krtitor-in-CIiirf . News Kilitor. Maiinrrinf^ Kditor. Sporls Efiitijr Business Manaffor _ Cironloiion Manaifer Card Editor.
John F. Amos . ..Don T. Brophy ..John H- Armstrong Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
\ Publication Staff Associate Editors . Editorial Stair: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. But*. W. G. Hoskins, A. Hunter, D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Stair: O. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick, Coed Stair: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Business Staff Cued Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advnljsintr Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. .AcconnI.s Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue
\iphl Editor: .Hunter Dity Editor: Ilass
Sports Editor: Dawson Issue Editor: Fawcett
Rrportors: Murphy. Shipnoski, Freyman, Abbott, Miller, Jiiidsun, Vutik, Ackerman. < • . Enlcrrd as second class matter at the post office in Lafayclte. Indiana, inider the act of Conefesa of March 3, 1879, and ;:t thi' spociul rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oclol er 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Publislied on Wrdut r.d:‘y. Friday and'Sunday mornings during the sumliifr .^em'.stf-r and daily except Monday during the fall and H int* r s* nust-Ts. - Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for i-uminer V< mt r ; mailed subscription $1.50. R. pr* s'‘nL<-.l for national adverli^iiig by National Advertieirijr S-.vvii-.'. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mndlso.n Ave., New York, N. Y.
Through The Looking Glass Those Purdue Slackers The men who attend Purdue university are refiuired to take only three hours of physical education each week. Contrasted with our six—sometimes five— this makes it appear that we are spending a great deal of time becoming “men”. The Purdue course has been expanded just as ours has, with student instructors, but does not take up as much time. There is not as much emphasis on plain, ui;^adulterated calisthenics. An elaborate obstacle race has been set up and times are kept. VVe haven’t seen this here yet. We feel that more of a competitive spirit should be encouraged in Physical Education classes. The men could be divided ihto classes according to their abilities, giving them some ineentive to work to get into the higher class. Instead of making physical education a chore, there ought to be some things that men will like to do. They will discuss their comparative times on race, for example, and even get a kick out of kidding the slower boys. This summer an outdoor obstacle race would be excellent. . In conclusion, we recommend a physical education program of five days a week this fall, dropping all Saturdays. Surely every weekday is enough time to build better physical .specimens at Indiana.—Indiana Daily Student. The Summer Ratio
. . . to 1
Editor’s note; “Mike” is writing the column for today. I’m taking the week-end off for several days. Gctiing too hot!
ODOY, OBOY, OBOY, A THREE ROUNDER k'irt.s were slinging among other things in the Union .some time last week when Jordan McCarty took on one of Emily Caster’s hometown friends. Scenis that pin-man Jordy didn’t like people playing aicund with his pin gal. Funny thing that both follows turned out to be Betas. Shake hands and love thy Brother, fellas.
PLAYINC; AROUND WITH (ALMOST) MARRIED ■ WOMEN ... Sig Nu Ken Klosson agreed with Mary Jane Roth, Ciii O, some time ago, that if she wasn’t married by Suminei- Pronii he could take her , to said dance. W(dl, she isn’t (quite) married, and the deal is going through . . . even tho she has a ring. Read the above article; Ken, and think it over! He is a football pla^ej’, too!
TONIGHT WE GET THE EYEFUL ON THESE NEW PROM FORMAL DRESSES. Hero is a'poem suitable to the occasion: iVlary had a brand new dress, , It was blue and green and airy, it didn’t show a bit of dirt, But it sure as hell showed Mary.
Heie is an authentic notice taken from the April 25v I'JlIt, Purdue Exponent; No corsages will be alJov/ed at'this year’s prom because of the danger of slipping on the fallen petals. (Comparable to modern time.s—or is it?)
WOULDN’T IT BE ODD IF f Sig' Chi Fred Jones wasn’t in Lebanon evei’y Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday nights seeing Theta Donna Seiss? “litchie” Pettit ever had a date? Chi O, “Little Arnold” and SPE “Little Von Bejircn” :\voUld be seen without Phi Psi “li’l brother Arnold” with them ? ..Joe Dolan turned up in town in the same Maiinji; uniform twice? ;t...Fie Hyde ever sat with her dates at the Blqze):? I Delia Gamma Dotty Dittman wore that sexy bkjpk petti—I mean dre.ss to the dance tonight?' A coed had a date this week-end (slightly exaggerated, but pretty true.) Even cars can’t induce dafes dn the' campus. Ep Stan Matthews and Theta Jan Roberts
War Council Notes I (Editor’s Note: The following are excerpts from the minutes of the Student War Council for the last two metings of this semester). The Student War Council met in the Unioii office on Wednesday, July 8, at 7:35 P. M. Ralph Deuster read a letter from P. E. Soneson, Professor of Architectural Engineering, proposing (1) “Restriction of student use of automobiles except those absolutely necessary according to the Dean of Men or Dean of Women” and (2) “Establishment of a required one credit hour course in civilan defense,. consisting of one lecture per week on the phases of this subject that every civilian should know about.” The course would be offered in alternate semesters. The council fell that there should be a decreased use of student cars but complete banning of cars is a blanket rule that will create many exceptions that will necessarily have to be handled. The Council agreed that the students are at present not sufficiently in the swing of war activity that a civilian defense course would be successful. The course may be possible at a later, date. Chuck Knote reported that he and Ralph Deuster had attended a USO dinner at the Presbyterian Church. The drive will officially end Friday, July 17. Boxes will be placed in the cafeterias and Sweet Shop. The various places of residence are being contacted personally in a hope to increase the fund. Dick Sleeper said he was arranging speakers, for after dinner discussion groups on war topics. Most of the houses want to take advantage of haying members of the history, economics and government department as guest speakers. The Convocation at which President Elliott has agreed to speak has been moved from July 17 to July 24. The Council hopes to have the President explain the status of college students, in the war program. The Glee Club will sing two numbers. Service men will be invited to the 11:00 o’clock convocation. The meeting adjourned at 8:10 P. M. Ralph Deuster, Chairman Florence Croll, Secretary
GRIN AND BEAR fT
By Lkhiy
■' " Deface University Desks;
‘Personally, I think my time would be better spent learning to operate a lathe!”
University Calendar Friday, July 24
The Student War Council met in the Union office on Wednesday, July 15, 1942, at 7:00 P. M. Ralph Deuster announced that the United Service Organization drive ends on July 16 and all student contributions are to be handed to Ralph at the Union office. So far, the halls, all but three fraternities, a few sororities and cooperatives have contributed. Gold Peppers sold pop at the Union mixer on July 11 and earned $8 which they handed over to the USO f tind. It has been suggested that the War Council sponsor a summer musical sing for group singing. The Glee Club would be featured. A tentative date is August 1. It may be dependent on the attendance at the musical convocation on July 18 whether or not plans are continued. The program would be an effort to aid student morale. In discussing student morale, the War Council brought out the fact that many students waste time and contribute very little if anything to the war effort. Students still seem quite apathetic to the war situation. Dick Sleeper suggested that perhaps a sy.stem of fii'e and air raid wardens might be worked out on the campus similar to the plans made in large cities. It was suggested that possibly the War Council might sponsor a blackout. Dick Sleeper said he would investigate civilian defense organizations. Harry Hudson reported that the Salvage for Victory planned to send letters to the local housing units for their cooperation in the drive. Bill Feik is contacting the local Boy Scout troops to ask their help in collecting the material at the houses. Chuck Knote reported that Mr. Little, of the employment agency in Lafayette, said that during the detasseling period of corn, trucks would come to the campus arid transport men to the fields. The task of the Council will be to have students with free afternoons or mornings fill out schedule cards aiul sign at the times they would contract to woi’k.; The pay will be about thirty-five cents an hour. The program will be extended to all men students rather than only to Cary Club. Bud Hofl’er, Harry Hudson, and Chuck Knote will take charge. The Council was hesitant about taking this large scale piogram that involves many problems but hopes that in some way it will relieve the shortage of labor on the farmlands surrounding Lafayette. The meeting was adjourned at 8:20 P. M. Ralph Deuster, Chairman Florence Croll, Secretary.
4:00 P.M. ’..Cosmopolitan Club Meeting.. 7:30 P.M. Prom Dinner 9:00 P.M. Summer Prom
. .....Room 304, Union Room 332, Union .N. & S. Ballrooms, Union
By Floyd Bass Are you a“doodler?” Perhaps you are and you don’t know it. If one should casually glance at some of the desk tops in any of the buildings on the campus, he will find many interesting and amusing carvings. The hearts, arrows, and initials that we all are accused of carving in desks in high school are very rare, however. In the transition from high school tPiCollege, students seem to graduate from this type of writing to something more conservative or entertaining. The most fi’equenfs writings, one will find, are the Greek letters of the fraternities and sororities on the campus. ' Variety In (jarvings Some, writings are interesting; other are amusing.' Your writer examined classrooms in each of three typically Purdue buildings to see just what he could find. On one desk he found, very permanently engraved, the scores and the dates of the last three or four Purdue-In-diana football games. Someone, it seems, had a purpose a little greater RRes For L. S. Busch Held in Indianapolis Funeral services were conducted at Scottish Rite Cathedral in Indianapolis last Thursday for Lee S. Busch, CE ’10. Burial took place in Crown Hill Ceinetery. At the time of his death, Busch was an employee of the Indiana State Highway Commission. He was engaged in railroad engineering for several years after his graduation from the University and later engaged in industrial engineering work in Indjanapolis.
than just idle “doodling.” On another desk, someone, who Was evidently affected by the ratio, wrote—“Who sits here ? Are you pretty? Well, then, I want a date with you. Please reply.” And there was a reply—“Wrong seat. Try the third seat from the east in the I’ow ahead.” Many of the students display artistic qualities. Pictures of airplanes, sailors, and even , a picture of that favorite ariimal of the biologist — the paramecium — were found. Most of the pictures were skillfully drawn. The most disappointing fact is that the desks will later be sanded down or discarded. Thus one of the things that reveals most intimately the history of Purdue and Purdue’s student personalities is destroyed. After one set of desks are replaced with new or repaired ones, a new generation of students begin a new page of history. Traditions change, personalities change, the University changes, but desk carving goes
Debris Cancels Snapshol* Contest For August Debris snapshot contest for August has been cancelled because of lack of entries, the Debris busi- . ness., office announced today. The July contest, which closed last Friday had so few entries that the staff decided hot to hold another competition for next month.
Saturday, July 25
8:30 P.M. Dance-’-Cary Club South... 9:00 P.M. Sigma Nu Dance
-Tower Lounge, Cary Hall ..Chapter House
9n, JhiL
University Presbyterian Church John W. Findley, Minister i 10:30 a. m.—Morning V/orship. Sermon Thrime: “One Transcendent Loyalty.” 9:30 a. m.—Class in Religion. Discussion Theme: “The Basis of a Durable Peace.” Dr. Gordon Graves, sponsor. 6:00 p. m. —Sunday Evening Club. Lieutenant A. I, Pollock, U. S.. Navy, will speak on “Life Aboard A Battleship.”
CapU Charles J. Trees . . . ’37, has been named assistant to Col. D. G. Mabell, to coordinate the movements of the 301st Ordnance Regiment, which will set up repair shop.s overseas for mechanized units. Capt. Trees was commissioned in the Field Artillery, and transferred to Ordnance in 1940. He has served as personnel adjutant and assistant adjutant at the Aberdeen Prov-
ing Ground.
Sunday Program of Wesley Foundation at First Methodist Church. 9:30 a. m.—Church School. The Student .Class will be taught by Mr. J. C. Franklin. , 10:40 a. m.—Public Service of Worship. The minister, Dr. Otto Scott Steele, will have for his sermon theme, “Discipline.” Mrs. J. E. Jordan will sing. 6:45 p. m.-^Wesley 'Ve.spers. Fellowship Period. 6:30 p. m.—Discussion of “Lafayette Community Service in Action,” the last in the series of meetings during July in charge of the Commission on Community Service. Personnel Notes Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, Gary Works^—Coming Tuesday, July 28. Interested in August Science or Engineering seniors interested in cost analysis. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, July 27. ' Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—Coming Thursday, July 30. Interested in August Aero E, CE, EE, PSE, ME, MetE, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by 3:00 p. m. Wednesday, July 29.
J. Gus Ropp ^
. . . graduate of the University, has been promoted frorn the rank of Captain to Major in the U. S. Army Signal Corps School at Fort Monmouth, N. J. Before his entry into the armed services he was connected with the Indiana Bell Telephone Company.
(week-end import) wouldn’t go on a picnic this week ?
AFTER SIX YEARS AND THREE SUMMER SCHOOLS, Purdue University finally granted Delta Upsilon, “Scratch” Ward his diploma—only in the face of army induction.
BIRTHDAY GREETINGS To li’l Jo Jackson and Betty Lewis. Free beer was for everyone down town yesterday and day before in celebration of that 21-and-never-been-kissed-occasion. Ha!
Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania—Interested in August ME, PSE, EE, CE, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday,
July 24.
Western Union Telegraph Company, New York—Interested in EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday,
July 24.
Pennsylvania Railroad—Interested in December EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, July 25. WBAA To Present Farm Forum Today WBAA Farm Forum program for today will feature a talk by W. H. Brown on “Selection of Washing Powders for Dairy Utensils” and interviews about crops. Monday, Joe Sicer will give pointers on “Selecting Layers and Poultry Breeders” and. Frieda Stoll will speak on the “Effect of the War on the Clofhing Situation.”
-rw PEIISONWodil Fiimiiiis The MILLS BHDS ' with ' FLETEIIEIl llEMDEnSOIV AMIORICA^ CR-RATEST. ARRANGER •■Hill Mi.s OfLliLLslrii — ALSO 2 ACTS vaudeville —
TDMUIillOW (SAT.) — ONE DAY ONLY — — STAGE SHOWS — 1:18 - 3::!3 - 5:48 - 8:03 - 10:48 eniBOHDS fl tUt mumj
— ON SCREEN — ■‘PACIFIC RENDEZVOIJf with LEE BOWMAN JEAN ROGERS
— ADMISSION — .33c-~12:00 to 1:30 P. M. 40c- -1:30 fo 6:00 I*. M. 6:00 P. M. to Ch)siing 4Cc BALCONY 50c MAIN FLOOR%rr''
f!pMy 24^ 1942
BoiletinaMe^ Sports
Chief Clevett
Clevett Leads Full Life As Intramural Director By Don Brewer Some know him as Mr. Clevett, some as M. L’., and still others know him as “Chief"., Amiable M. L. “Chief" Clevett directs the recreational and intramural side of the University’s large athletic program from his office in the Fieldhouse —but you’ll be lucky to find him there. Chie’f, since his arrival at the University way back in 1920, exceeded only; by Coach Ward Lambert in service to the institution, has been constantly puttering around to increase the efficiency of the plant. ^oday, his 21-year-bld efforts are yppresented by one of the most up-to-date I-M and gymnastic set-ups in collegiate circles. Begins PE Career Clevett attended George Williams College in Chicago, where, along with other athletically inclined students, he worked his way towards a physical education career. Culver Military Academy seized him during the close of his college days Und he became head track coach and gymnastic instructor at the famous
prep school.
, Culver sports gave way to the job of teaching Indians how to ^lay basketball at‘ the Carlisle Indian
School,* Carlisle, Pa. ‘*Rough And Ready”
, “They were rough and ready,” " Chief Clevett ventured, “and the the “freshman diamond” grew into Carlisle Indians gave the Pennsyl- a large field under Clevett’s efforts, vania colleges plenty to worry about and the tennis situation was aided on the hardwood. (The Indian —Pot to add the fact that sports school, where Clevett developed the for women paralleled s the men’s athletic program, was originated program of swimming, cross-coun-by^Gen. Pratt following his quelling try, basketball, softball, gymnastof the Seminole Indians in Florida, ics, etc. Until about 1929, when what Pratt saw the need for Indian edu- is now the Chem Annex was made cation and saw the founding of the into a women’s gym, the gi^•ls used school of an old cavalry post used the Memorial Gym along with the dUripg the Revolutionary and Civil male enrollment. Wars.) ' Chief organized the first colWorld War I and the I-M Di- legiate swimming and gymnastic rector got together at Camp Crane, teams at the University, but as the a wedical concentration point, and Intramural set-up became more deCleyett directed the athletic activ- manding, relinquished his coaching itigs of the soldiers, including the duties for that work. One of the encampment’s basketball squad, fiist Big Ten schools to blosspm Again Chief’s team made a good out with a squash team was Purdue show for itself against eastern col- in 1937—under Clevett’s supervilegiate squads. sion. Squash, an old English game Taught j^yracuse Coach „ of 40 years, was introduced in the Syracuse University’s hardwood middle-west (Chicago) only a year mentor bumped into Clevett in before that. Pittsburgh two years ago and said. Advanced Public Swimming “Don't ydu remember me? Why, Summer non-credit courses aided yoji'tangHjtne how to play basket- the forming of public swimming and ball aCapampyCrane in 1919.” gym classes under Chief Clevett, Chief Clevett arrived irl Lafayette and once, on the beach at Seattle, inIJanuary, 1920, and began woik Wash., seveial years ago, he ran under NelsOn Kellogg, University into a man who turned );o his daughathletic director. Kellogg later went ter with, “There’s the man who to Lehigh and is now retired in taught me how to swim.” It’s been Michigan. Inter-class competition in going on a long time, basketball, football,,and track, and The staiting of the Golf Clinic, 11 tennis courts, eight of which heaitily endor.sed by the Professionweie being used as dumps by the al Golfeis’ Association and its presphysical plant, included the Boiler- idont, Tom Walsh, started several pjaker Intiamural program. yeais ago through the I-M office. Remodeling Job Other improvements, already taken The single diamond, known as for granted by the students, are
Riveter^Wisconsin Grid Game Will Top Homecoming Card
S
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
s
The^ twenty-seventh renewal of the Purdue-Wisconsin football series to be played in the Ross-Ade stadium here on Saturday, October 24, has been officially designated as the Boilermaker Homecoming attraction, it was announced today by Guy Mackey, Purdue athletic di-
rector. '
Open Against Fordham The tilt with the Badgers, who have provided opposition for the Boilermakers on a home and home basis for the past seventeen seasons without a break, will be the second of four major home games on the Pvpdue schedule this fall. The Boilermakers open their home Season against Fordham’s Sugar Bowl champions on September 26 and following the Badger Homecoming encounter meet the all-star Great Lakes eleven on November 7 and Indiana in the traditional Old Oaken Bucket struggle on November 21. The remainder of the ten games on the ambitious Boilermaker schedule, all road affairs, will be against Vanderbilt, Northwestern, Ohio State, Iowa, Michigan State and Camp Shelby. Preparations for the opening of advance mail order ticket sales for the ten games have virtually been completed by C. S. “Pop” Doan, manager of ticket sales and assistant athletic director. Approximately 16,^000 ticket application folders will be placed in the mails within the next few days to Boilermaker followers throughout the middle
west.
Sigma Delta Psi All students interested in trying out for Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary fraternity, are invited to attend the meeting to be held Tuesday night, July 28, at 7:15 in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Chief Clevett, present national presidnt, will be there to give a short talk and answer any questions.
and
Up at Great Lakes they are reconnoitering and taking ^tock of the 'football situation—^laying the groundwork for the placing of a grid team on the field this fall which will carry the punch and spirit which has characterized their representation on the baseball diamond and the basketball floor. The first step, taken the other day, was the appointing of Lt. Tony Hinkle as diretcor of gridiron operations. Tony has been connected with the sport for a long time—he played at the other end of the line from the renowned Fritz Crisler for Alonzo Stagg back during the last war. Those were the days when the University of Chicago really put football teams out onto the field. Any lopsided scorin^>tibat occurred in Chicago games in those years was mostly Dandled By^the Maroops. Since 1921 Tony has been a member of the athletic "ktaff at Butler University, receiving his Navy commission last March. In the years since 1934, when Hinkle became head grjid coach and athletic director at Butler, he turned out some of the teams in the school’s history. Previous to Hinkle’s. appointment, many of the Monday morning quarterbacks, ge'tting in shape for a long season, expected the Navy to select onp of the well-known coaches available now—Jock Sutherland, Fritz Crisler and othgUs—^but it was announced that all of the men to be connected with the coaching staff for the season wolud be selected from
the officers on duty aj the training station.
Most grid cCacK^Siand fpfis are looking rather apprehensively at the material that L^.'^Ripkle is going to have available for'service. The Great Lakes records' show that the place is practically overrun with former pro regulars and college all-stars. With the wealth of material on hand, and capable coaching, the sailors should be pretty
bothersome to collegiate and pro teams alike.
Old Gabby Harnett was in there catching them for the Indianapolis Indians the other night across town, when they edged out the Lafayette R-ed Sox by a score of 5 to 4. In fact. Gabby smacked out a two-bagger in the couise of the evening, The Indians used eveiyone but the mayor in the pitcher’s box before the game ended, and it nearly cost them the fray when a Red Sox rally came alojlg in the ninth, only to be nipped by
a bit of classic fielding by Bill Skelley.
The Boilermaker representatives are trailing in the All-Star balloting. With the end of the contest looming at midnight Sunday, heavy campaigning on the part of some of the schools^ has given their men substantial leads which will require some real effort to match. Come oH and get in the game during the last few days, and pile up some votes for Riveters Melton, Petty and Galvin! Melton Drops To Sixth Place In All-Star Poll; Voting Heavy Tommy Melton, IQQ-pound guard on last season’s Boilermaker eleven, dropped a few places in the nation-wide all-star football poll today, but still remained within striking distance of a berth on one of the four or five strings making up this year’s College All-American team. Tommy, who has been riding steadily in second place during the past few weeks, fell this week into sixth with a
TKE Ties ATO For Lead In Fraternity Softball
By Jim Ackerman
Following last night’s games in the Intra-fraternity softball league, a new order of standings was posted as Alpha Taui Omega was pushed into a tie for first place by being nosed out by Sigma Nu, and Phi Kappa was defeated by Sigma Pi to land in second place. These present standings, however, do not consider those games
which were protested last
Tuesday night.
IM Schedules
The following fraternity Paddle Tennis Doubles matches will be played Monday evening, July 27, at 7 o’clock: Theta Xi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Theta Chi vs. Phi Gamma Delta.^ Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Delta Upsilon vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Nu.
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Friday evening, July 24: Cary Hall 2 vs. Caiy Hall 4. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 6. Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6.
All those entering the All Campus Golf Tournament must have completed their 18 hole qualification round by Monday morning. Be sure that your score card is properly signed and turned in to the Starting House.
The following Inter-Fiaternity Golf semi-finals matches must be played by Monday morning: Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Sigma.
total of 81,766 votes.
Crimmins of Notre Dame tops the list of candidates for guard, followed by Pukema of Minnesota, Jeffries of Mis-
the 22-acre Intramural Field
the 18-hole golf course.
Faculty athletic facilities were “nil” in 1920, and following the completion of the Recitation build-
ing, Chief started on a campaign to souii, Frankowski of Washington, build a faculty gym in the expansive Levy of Minnesota, and Melton, attic. Today it houses three squash Crimmins, backed by thousands of and handball courts, all types of L-ish supporters, leads with 102,-
gymnastic equipment, \ ping-pong, 468 votes, showers, and lockers for the faculty. Galvin Follows
Very few students have ever heard Following behind such notables
of it, yet it has been in existence as Steve Juzwik of Notre Dame, them^Third high i^ thrindivfdual since 1930. , Biuce Smith of Minnesota, and De- gcorin ^ individual It could easily be possible to Coirevant of Northwestern, is Boil- The^ Phi Kappa Tau team of
write many more paragraphs on the ermaker Johnny Galvin in^the race
place. Plummer shot a 194 while
AJO's Lead Archery Meet The results of the Fraternity
Archery tournahient which will be officially completed this afternoon show the ATO’s leading with a two man team score of 384. The two men, Rogeis and Burkholder, each compiled a total of 192 to place
varied experiences of Chief Clevett. for a berth as halfback. Galvin is Today’s Intramural program, only about half way down the list of a small part of his accomplishments candidates cariying 55,628 votes, while here, is a shining example of Juzwik enjoys a comfortable lead
what his practically single-handed with close to 111,500.
efforts have done for the Univer- In the race for fullback, “Big
sity. (See ALL-STAR POLL, page 4)
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Fragrant as a Bride’s Bou(^uet
%
Lucien Lelon^’s
for Bride or Bridesmaid # Knights of old never bestowed more lordly treasure than this “Castel” filled with rare perfumes. Towers contain Lucien Lelong’s famed Indiscrete, [Impromptu, Carefree and Tailspin. A gallant gift which she will have many occasions
to enjoy.
$5 $7.50
Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Moon raked up 180 points. Plummer is second high individual scorer. The highest individual total is 196 scored by Bennett of Pi Kappa Phi. Theta Xi Third, In third place is the 'Theta Xi team of Kolbrook and Beal. Kolbi'ook has 185 points while Beal has 153. To the winning fiateinity will go a trophy. Also keys will be awaided to the two men on the top team. In addition to this three keys will be given to the three top individual Scorers.
The following fiaternity Softball games will be played Tuesday evening, July 28: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs.Pi Kappa Alpha. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Sigma
Pi.
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Acacia. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Triangle. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi. Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Chi. Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Phi Kappa Sigma vs. §igma Alpha Mu. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Kappa Sigma vs. Theta Xi. Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Tau.
4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Women To Hold Archery Tourney Women’s all-campus archery tournament will stait next Wednesday at 4:16 on the archery range adjacent to the University Street Mall. Mary Alice Troxell, student archery instructor, has requested that those entering the tournament have three practices by that time. The tournament will consist of a junior Columbia round consisting of 72 arrows—r-24 each at 20, 30,
and 40 yards.
After last evening’s games there is a iie for first between Tau Kappa Epsilon and Alpha Tail Omega, each of whom has won thirteen games, while losing two. Another upset in the games was the contest between Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Phi Kappa Tau with the SAE’s coming out on top. This game was played under protest, however. TKE Beat Alpha Chi Rho The TKE’s won another game while their partner at the top was losing. They beat Alpha Chi Rho, 3 to 0. Hajzyk, who pitched for the winners allowed but two hits, both of which came in the fifth inning. The Sigma Nu-Alpha Tau Omega game went to seven innings before the Sig Nu’s won, the score being 6 to 5. The ATO’s scored two rims in the seventh but Sigma Nu came back in their half to push three runs across the plate to win. Sigma Pi Wins The Sig Pi’s made a bid for the higher brackets by defeating Phi Kappa, 4 to 3. Gallogly, the losing pitcher, allowed but five hits, while his opposition on the mound. Harmsen, gave up six. The winners made two runs in the initial inning and two in the fourth. Phi Kappk made theirs in the first and the fifth. Another upset was Phi Kappa Tau’s defeat by Sigma Alpha Epsilon, the score being 7 to 6. Phi Kappa Tau tied the game in the fifth by Larry Thrasher’s home run, but the SAE’s made two runs in the last half of the fifth to win. The game was played under protest due to a misunderstanding of the over-
throw rule.
Triangle Defeated Theta Chi, another of the teams among the first ten, defeated Triangle 9 to 0 to enter third place. The Phi Delts beat Delta Tau Delta 10 to 2. Phi Delta Theta scored runs in every inning except the second. Phi Kappa Sigma ran over Sigma Pi Epsiloir to win 9 to 1. In sixth place is Alpha Gamma Rho, who defeated Kappa Sigma 6 to 1. The winning pitcher was Anderson and the
loser Craft.
The Sigma Alpha Mu’s were beaten by Pi Kappa Phi, 2 to 0, and thus are in seventh place. Pi Kappa Alpha won their game over Theta Xi by fofeit. The Phi Kappa Psi's were beaten 5 to 4, but they still remained in eighth place. The standings after last night's games, but which do not include the
piotests of last Tuesday,
are as
fol-
lows:
W.
L.
Pet.
Tau Kappa Epsilon
13
2
.867
Alpha Tau Omega
13
2
.867
Phi Kappa
13
3
.812
Phi Kappa Tau
.. 12
4
.760
Theta Chi
12
4
.75Q
Sigma Pi
11
4
.733
Phi Delta Theta
11
4
.733
Phi Kappa Sigma
10
5
.667
Alpha Gamma Rho
_ 9
5
.644
Sigma Alpha Mu
. 10
6
.626
Phi Kappa Psi . .
9
6
.600
Pi Kappa Alpha .
10
7
.582
SUITS GIVE
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Delivei
when SanitoDed regularly Your suit is free of soil, perspiration, and fiber-chafing grit after our expert Sanitone dry cleaning. Clean clothes last longer, so call ua regularly.■Vv *>
f
I
i,’>k>4h, ‘''*HftM f Y
Purdue Exponent
" I PriSa^ July ^4, 194^
*hmr
Saap Rubber Still Vital Tp Industrvf Past Neglect Of Scrap Aids In Crisis (Eaitor’s Not*- This is the second ots n„j, u ■crin ot three articles on • Vital Sernp Non leclaimfid sciap rubber 111 oul rub- iiig full use of oul lubbei sciap, be&J^riTncT*Manig^m“n^^^ bei economy Aftei 1938 theie was cause sciap was only a lessei fac- ' Sciap lubber has long been a fac- a giowing spread in the maigin he- toi in the lubbei industiy and vast tor in the Ameiican lubber nidus- tween ciude rubbei impoits and quantities of sciap rubber were try although in the past we made the amount of leclaim, but this does meielycastaside,wepiledup—dmno determined eff011 to save lubber not lepiesent a decline in the use mg the yeais when we weie the This chaiacteristic conduct may be of leclaim rubbei by manufactuieis woild’s gieatcst consumei of inborn salvation in the end because if It merely ieffects a giowing feai of bei—a tiemeiidous icseive of sciap
we had used oui sciap rubbei moie Wai in the Far East, the feai which lubbei
completely in the past oui chances Ijiought mild effoits to cieate a re- This resolve, unlike the great of finding enough sciap to meet this serve of ciude rubber against an stockpile of rubber on the wheels <;zjsis would be slimmer than they unceitain future The figuie for of Ameiica’s 28,000,000 privately
1938, in which leclaimed rubber owned passenger vehicles, is not rubbei amounts to just a little less than 25 visible It is hidden away in attic
It IS foi gotten beneath
Summer Prom(Continued from page 1)
to supply bands for ciuise excursion ships plying the Caiibbean boat Soon Donahue bands were being heaid all thiough the tropics
New Opportunities > Create Six Months Joh-Ptacement Record
Applicant's QualificathnsiSiVett For Various Divisions Qf Army
Sditor s Note This is the first in a senes of articles oiitlininK opportunities for commissions in the armed forces of the U S
No paiticulai college courses are
Nevertheless i eclaimed
has always been impoitant to the percent of the total quota, affords and cellai
manufactuie of all sorts of rubber a truei picture of the relative im- the bath tub and lies in darkness jpgoducts not excepting tiies The portance of scrap rubber to ciude in recesses of the barn It is piled ratio of leclaimed rubber to new rubbei in the rubber industry in odd corners of garages, it is oxiciude rubber in automobile tiles has Germans More Efficient dizing on the battered jalopies in been deteimined by the relative cost The Germans always have made the auto graveyards, it is a part of of the tiies Average puce tires, more efficient use of scrap rubber the litter on the town dumps It is in the past have contained from ten than we The German mechanized rotting away on discarded machinto fifty percent reclaimed rubber, and armored divisions which struck eiy in the faimyaid, it lies foigotSame As Scrap In Steel-Making thiough the low countries and over- ten in closets and uiidei stairs In a sense, the mixing of re- ran France, the German mobile col- How large is this reserve ’ We’ll claimed scrap with crude stock in umns which clanged through Bal- find out, but at the moment this isn’t manufactuiing rubber products re- kan passes to overrun Greece, the important Large or small wo must sembles the process by which scrap German tanks which still contest have all ot it, all the worn out tires, lion and steel are mixed with pig the Libyan deseits^—all these pow- all the hot water bottles and overiron to feed the blast furnaces A erful striking forces plunged for- shoes and girdles and mats and nip proper mixture of reclaimed with ward on rubber which contained a pies and balls and fly swatters and
crude rubbei doesn’t decrease the large proportion of scrap all the other now useless items , , v ^
quality of the products, as a matter One of the reasons why the U among 50,000 different articles of J
of fact, in the case of tiies, some S A did not develop a more con- common use which contain rubber 4", eJentlv manufacturers claim that a proper siderable reclaiming industry than Our immediate need is for scrap ne srauco leer. y mixture incieases the durability of now exists was the fact that crude rubber enough to keep the rubber Featured with Donahue’s aggre-
the tiles rubber often was available at ex reclaimers plants operatrng at ca- gation tonight
Figures on the percentage of re- tiemely low priced during the years pacity and that we can do claimed lubbei used in the rubber since the last war In 1932, for in- New Problems to Reclaimers
ing neaici an rnro g g Increased gmployment oppoitun- o^ered to colicsro stuilcntB subsequent ar- f branch of the At one time he had 37 bands work- , , 1.1.11.1,4.1, 4. „ i beics will explain Navy Coast Guard Ma- bpccinea lor tnis oranen 01 me
ities, brought about by the national rine and Merchant Idanne commissions and aimv and call to active duty IS
mg this area simultaneously ^ reserve plans thesrmeasfortheAuForceEnMaestio Donahue IS of the opiii- months job-placement record by the ^ Recognizing the situation con- J mentioned abo^e ion that swing as the top national u^^t^d States Employment Seiv- fronting college students in the war ® " ipp.,ve the rank
ice, according to J Bradley Haight, f ^he Exponent will endeavor
Dnirtm foi Tnrlnn i present a summary of the op- ot Private, Enlistca Reserve uorps, “Driimo the first six months of Poitunitics offered to college stu- upon taking oath, and will be lat^d 1942 tbe'twentv seven local offices armed forces of the as an enlisted man in the branch of of the United Stated' Employment States, in order that the stu the Ar my to which he is assigned Service in Indiana placed a total of dent may decide where his training Application for admission to the
will be of most service to his coun- Officer Candidate School may be try Mep enlisted in the armed made after induction into the army forces on inactive^ status are not under the same conditions as other bable to call to active duty. enlisted men or selectees AppheaThe following information, com- tion at the University should be
fciials to such openings have in- pd^d by the American Council on made at the Armory
cieased greatly m recent months Education, was released on June Compaicd with the same months 1^42, and is subject to chapges of 1911, the increased number of occurring after that date
Arl(ny Air Force
/ r a i Bhlist4d Reserve offers a commission as second lieutenant to male students in any participating university, college 01 junior col-
“D'espite this added placement lege, Each institution is assigned a
load, additional responsibilities ceitaip quota of men which cannot has been set at 18, and the uppep
be exceeded limit depends on the applicant’s Any student between 18 and 26 general suitability to work with the yeajs may enlist, with paientgl con- aimed forces Students enlisting irj sent if he is a minor, and is auto- the Medical Corps will be deferred matically ranked as Private, An until they have completed their Corps Enlisted Reserve When medical course and one year of in-
called to active duty, the enlistee teineship
receives the rank of Aimy Aviation Initial rank upon taking oath is
82,687 men and women m jobs,” Mr Haight explained “A large percentage of these new workers were hired by war or essential civilian industries, and the number of re-
placements made this year by Indiana offices of the Employment Service is especially significant ” Placements increased 8,604 over the first SIX months of last year,
a gam ol 11 5 per cent
Army Medical Corps which offers commissions
in the Medical Administrative Corps, IS open to medical and piemed students who are accepted matriculants at approved mefficaj school They will be deferred until
subsequent call to active duty Lower age limit for enlistment
ean Gordon
music craze
casualtv
may become
have been placed upon local offices because of the vai effort At present, the ojees are sorting, classity-
, , , ing, and making releiials from oc“Ihe next big musical enthusiaMii ^ questionnaires, as well will be ±01 trio types ot tunes-the .^ciuiting men and women for
vocational training schools In addi tion, they have kept local employ
kinds ot scrap rubber will bring new problems to the reclaimers In the days when a constant cataract of new tires flowed into the market and a steady stream of more or less
industry over the period 1938 1941 stance, crude rubber was selling for inclusive are interesting when com- as little as 2V2 cents a pound, F 0 pared with figures on the impoita- B New Yoik and obviously letion of crude rubber during that pe- claimed rubbei saddled with the nod In 1938 our reclaiming plants cost of collection and the reclaimproduced 121,000 tons of reclaim mg operation—could not compete
while we imported 467,000 tons of with it It isn’t necessary to point worn casings drained away into the crude lubbei In 1939 we produced out that times have changed, that scrap yards reclaimer usually knew 170.00 tons of reclaim, imported neither puce nor trouble nor any what mixtures to expect Now they 692io00 tons of crude In 1940, difficulty whatsoever can stand be- must take whatever mixture they 190.000 tons of reclaim, 648,000 tons tween the USA and the rubber can get But they will rise in the of crude And in 1941, 270,000 tons which it must have for its fighting emergency If we give them the of reclaim, 776,000 tons of crude forces scrap they will turn out the rubber Taken cold, these figures do not Scrap Rubber Neglected on which our armies will roll to
do full justice to the importance of But just because we weren’t mak- Victory
will be vocalists
Snooky Lanson and Jean Gordon Jean is an Ohio lass who has sung
The mixture of a wide variety of with Red Norvo, Jan Garber and
Alpha Zeta
. . agricultural honorary, an nounces the initiation of the following men George Duffy, Bill Stover, Stanley Watts, Carol Cpleman, Heishel Kilgoie Douglas LaMastei, Hailan Fulmer, Charles Knote, Bill Pee, Juniors Floyd Bass, Dale Butz, Ralph Howes, Ross McKee, and Fiaiik Skinner
Notices
Keservists All male students who have not yet completed the two years basic mil- . „ itary Training required for graduation and £ are now members of the Naval or Marine Corps Reserve report to the Adjutants office Purdue Armoiy for important infor-
mation relative to >our status
—RIORDAN
Registration Workers Students who wish to woik for the Regibtr r during the fall term ret-jbtration August 31 September 1 and 2 are requested to make application at the regiBtrai s office Those with pievious experii^nce at registration or in othei cleri cal jobs are given preferenee —STONE Interfreternity President's Council Keys are at the liaternity affairs office Come and get them —SCHWAB All Science Seniors All those who plan to graduate in August call at Den Enders ofitipe to fill out the necessary blanks —ENDERS Theta Alpha Phi Pledges Pledge meet ing in Gree nRoom I riday at p m ~7ISSTS
WAA Beginner's Tennis Tournament The
following matches must be played off by
Friday July 24 Whitehead vs Van Camp Hammer vs Freland George vs Caldwell Lauer vs Miers Wblsh vs Ridgeway Kia
mer vs Howarth Murphy vs Johnson Paul vs Blank Haynes vs Buchilo and Kepner
vs Nordeen —SCHUBER Delta Rho Kappa Actives and Pledges
Meeting at 5 p m Friday July 24 in loom 302 of the Union building Pledges please
bring initiation fee actives bring dues ■fifty cents —DAVIS Sophomore Military Students All sopho
more students who desire to be considered for enrollment m the Advanced Course ROTC will submit applications in person
to the Advanced Course Seleetion Bo ird ae coiding to the following sehedulc The Ad
vanced Course Seleetion Board will be in session in Room 201 of the University
\rmor> Students with surname beginning
with A thiough C Monday July 20 4 to b
) m D through h Tufsdiv J ily 21 4
to 6 p m G through K Wednesday July
22 4 to b p m L through N Ih irsdav July 23 1 to 6 p m O through S Fndiy July 24 4 to b p m T to end Situidai 1 to 3 p m Students who are not
able to attend the regular meeting ot their
espcctive groups should contaet any sopho
moiL instructor in Military Training foi specific permis ion to meet with another
I r( up Failuic of any student to submit
ipilicilion on one of the above dates is m
jndicition to the Boanl th it he is not in
tercsted in being considered foi enrollment
in Advanced Course ROIC
-GRAHAM
Freshmen All first seme iter fre hmen who do not live in Cary Hall will please report to the Activities Office r< om 15b f the Union next Mon 1 ly July 2 Wed neseda> July 29 oi Ihuisday July ^0 between 4 and o p m WEI LS SCA House Presidents Copies of the minutes of the July 21 board meeting are available at the SCA box at the we t desk m the Union —MOGVFRO
Aeromodelers day July 24 at
Meeting in loom 80 Fii 15 p m ROSE
Roger Williams Club Last meeting of the summer te be hold Sunday July 2( it Willeys Meet at the Church at 4 30 p m
—SCHAI I lOL
Coed Archery All coeds inteicsted men termg the coed all campus archery tourna ment must hue three prictices b fore the beginning of the tournament next W d es day Ji ly 28 Instiuction will le av ilal 1 at the range on Mondu Wednesla\ ind I id ly from 4 to a 30 p m
—IROXLLL
Mixed Doubles Tournament The s cond 1 line! i the tourn iment miNt 1 i 1 off by Sundav July ^b Ihe m itches ai a follows B id ind Smith vs Ptc! a ml Fe X Fivb cl an 1 D ttm i \s Tuner iid Jerl Allen ind Ru II I nnig i imi Evan Kn ki me! Fiusteh v Stcltn i md G ip r Su ci in I Seh ler v (iff rl and Bucchcle BouU n and Bouton \ Powgil md S ovilic bCHUBLR
othei top flight bands All-Star Poll
(Continued fiom page 3j John” Petty, sparkplug of the Rivetei attack last fall, is also well down the list Bob Westfall of Michigan, one of the hardest lun ning backs m the Big Ten last fall, IS back in the top position after giving way to Jack Giaf of Ohio
State foi a few days Poll Ends Simdaj
The poll will end it midnight Sunday The 11 playeis leading then lespective positions will form the All Stais’ opfennig lineup against the Chicago Beais, called by some the greatest team that the National football league has pio duced Snppoited by 50 othei s, i,he chosen eleven will begin training at Noithwostcin Umvcisity A.ngust 8 undci a stall ol the countiy’s most
successful coaches
eis supplied with data on the laboi situations m then communities and
thioughout the state
“The nnmbei ot new legistiants handled by local offices m Indiana has inci eased in piopoition to the job placements Dining the fiist six months, Indiana employment of fices accepted and classified applications fiom 177,366 persons not pieviously registered with the seivice. Ml Haight concluded “This lepiesents an increase of 26,265 persons, oi 17 4 pei cent ovei the
same peiiod in 1941
cadet, and is latei pionioted to sec-
ond lieutenant
The student will be defeiied and called to active duty upon giadnation Ol withdiawal fiom college, oi upon failuie in qualifying examination which must he taken not latei than the end of the second calenclai yeai in college Applica tion foi admission here should he made at the Ai moi y Army Enlist'ed Reserve othei blanches than the au
that of second lieutenant, and rank upon call to active duty will be First Lieutenant, Medical Corps Army Nurse Corps IS now accepting registered nuises who aie giaduates of a 4yeai high schoool and an approved 3 yeai school of nursing Applicants must be unmairied, and age limits aie 21 40 foi Reseivc Nurses, and 22 30 for Regulai Army Nurses No specific college courses aside
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS iversitv Bool Store
AcroRB From Unioo Sammons *29 **Doc** Epple *40
force, has the same qualifications fiom those lequned foi a registered foi eligibhty as does the above, ex- niuse aie needed foi application cept that the student mu'it be 18 Applicants wdl be called to active at the time of enlistment, oi undei duty as soon after enlistment as 46 at the time of giaduation Up to piacticable, and will receive the lel-one-fifth of the quota set loi an ativc lanks of Second Lieutenant institution may be made up ot boys Application should be made to the undei 18 who agiee to enlist upon Supeiintendent of the Army Nurse reaching 18 Coips, Washington, D C
Gold Peppers 9 at 4 JO p r
Mtctinu Wednisday J i 1 in the AWS office - SIMONS
ly
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Addingr Machines all makes soJd rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff 605 Main,
Phone 2779
Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office,
407 Coluipbia
Lost Gold Waltnam wrist watch on men s tennis courts Saturday Phone Bob Hadley
d^Ol Rewaro
Lost—Black billfdd containing draft card passport fraternity cards etc Call Gene Katterjohn at 6097 Help Wanted—Oitice assistant—-elemen-tary bookkeeping oy>tricnce and accuracy handling cash some stenoi^rapliic ability— general filing Write Exponent Box Nn 14
Scabbard and Blade Pledges lest night on Tuesday July 28 at 7 p m in rcom 304 of the Union All pledges be suie to come • —McKEE Scabbard and Blade Pledges There will le a retreat formation on Friday July 24 at 4 p m in the Armory Wear tan ovei seaB caps and black ties kveiyone theie don t lorget rough night is coming up soon It will not take long
—MeKEE
Cosmopolitan Club There will be \ weekly meeting of the Cosmo Club Friday July 24 at 4 16 p m m room 304 of the Union —SEEVLR ^igma Delta Chi Meeting of all actives and pledges in the Exponent oftiee Wednts day July 29 at 4 p m Actives pie ise don t bring your paddles —ARMSTRONG
• DOES YOUR PEN liAK? Experl Repair Service SOjUTHWORTH'S
PR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD {. RISK —PEHTISTS — 400-404 BUg 4th and Main Sts Lafayette
Qur Prices Are Frozen, but Qur Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve our quality, to give our customer the benefit of apy improvements.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Top of the Hill
Keep Pitching with United States WAR BONDS & STAMPS! Every Stamp and Bond Yon Buy HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON AMERICA’S ENEMIES Get in the Game Now! Buy WAR BONDS & STAMPS!
iG