Conference EndsTo^y C.H.B^eyToSpeid£ On ‘‘Fttels And . Fuel Specifications^’ Final sessions of the two-day Diosel engine conference Will open this morning at 9 o’clock in the laboratory of the Mechanical Engineering Building, with an exhibit of the various types of Diesel motors. It will be followed by an address on “Fuels and Fuel Specifications”, by C. H, Buxley, of the Sinclair Refining Co., of New York, at 10 o’clock. Manufacturers and users of the Diesel engines for transportation and power gathered here yesterday mbminlf for a g®uerai ediMiational meeting': sponsored' by the Uhiverr sity mechanical : schook Special “open house” was held last night for the general public frhm 7 to 10:30 o’clocli:; Program Toda^ :Pollowing Buxiey’s talk at 10 O’clock, L. C. Carlton, of the United AthericamBosch Corporation, of Chicago, will speak to the group on “Ser'vices of Today’s Fuel Injection Units”. This afternoon, at 1:15 o’clock, P M. Yoimg, of the Young ^ Radiator Company, of Pacine, Wis., will talk on “Engine Cooling”. F G. Gurleyy of the Burlington Lines of Chicago, will address the final session on “The Zephyr’^ while ^. C. Hale, of the Maintenance TransAmerican : Freight Lines, Chicago, will close the conference when he speaks on “Diesel Dependability”.
Humfeldf Evans ISamed For Other Senior PosU tions In AnnutA Election Of Publication E. K. Jones, a junior in the school of chemical engineering, was elected editor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer for the
E. K. Jones, a junior in the University chemical school, yesterday was chosen editor-in-chief of the Purdue Engineer :^or next year. He is a member of the Triangle fra-
ternity.
$75 Offered In Contest
W. B. Hefier, Travel Sccirelary, Fiuds Yoiitli * Democratic, Frieudly Cdliegei students of America are becoxning more temperate, more purposeful and more democratic, but they still have plenty of wholesome fun, and there is no reason to fear that they will become a race of tiresome drudges, is the opinion of Wilson B. Heller, traveling secretary of Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity. Since the depression, fraternities have become more business-like because of constricted finances, and have looked more to the character of men than to “clothes horses” with plenty of money. D'omocracy now: pervades the entire fraternity system, Heller finds. The snobbery once popularly connected with the system cannot be found. Also, the students themselves now ruii the Greek letter societies more than
they ever did before.
Complimenting the Greek letter organizations on the campus, Hell er said, “The financial conditiou of fraternities here is one of the best in the United States. In the average large university a large percentage are still pa3dng on mortgages for houses, the original prices of which are exorbitant iii the light of pres
ent economic conditions.”
Dr,
:v^$50 For'Hlstdric^ Li^ erary^orks Cash prizes amounting to 75 dollars, in addition to several cups, will be awarded in the annual litr efary contest nbw in progress unr der the supervision of the University English: department. Manuscripts for the , contest must ibe submitted in roorn 204 of University Hall on of before May 4. Dr, WetheriU, prominent m'Omher of the Tippecanoe County Historical Society, will award 60 dollars in cash prizes, including fifteen dollars for the best historical essay with Tippecanoe county or the state of Indiana as the background, Mteen dollars for the best poem, short story; or play on an historical subject, and ten dollars second prize in each-division. Personal Essay Award The English department will give a cash award of teii dollars for the best personal, faihiliar es say. Ten dollars will also be awarded for the best essay on a i)hase of science or on the Work of a scientist, with a second prize of five dollars to be given. In addition to the cash prizes, the George Ade cup will be given for the best play, the David E. Ross cup for the best poem, and the H. G. Reisner cup for the best short story. , '
board yesterday afternoon. G. P. Humfeld was chosen busi ness manager, and B. G. Evans was named associate editor.
Jones is a member of Alpha Phi Omega and the Triangle social fraternity. Humfeld, Pi Kappa Phi, is a junior in the chemical school and is a member of the A; I. Ch. E.. Evans, a junior mechanical, is afSliated with the Tau Kappa Ep-
silon fraternity.
" :ll ^^^hombrc^ Nalned; ’, y Spphombres; :ielected : tp editorial stdif includh DV l5. Baals, J. R/ Muraayv E. R;. Idndsey; S: R. Griffiths, M. G. Cook, and R. N. Gilbert. The following junior managers were named for thp business staff: 31 R. i^gleton, local adyer--tisirig; F. H. McLaughlin, national adArertising'; : I. iGlassiiian;^ circula tion 5 H: F. Wiegaiidt, sales ttinnager, and P. E. McGuff, publicity. 4-Rhough the senior staff remains the same size as in the past, the junior staff was increased from six
to eleven members.
Members of the Engineer Advisory Board present aJ: the meeting were Dean A. A. Potter, chairman, and Professors Young, Bray, Harding, and Wiley, and C. G. Lindquist, retiring editor of the
publication.
To Assume Duties
The new staff will assume its duties Aprfi^^^^; i^^ will ; begin, work on publicatiw the May is
Sue ^ ihe Enjg^heer^
■afterward.'-.. l;,. The March issue of the puhlioa: tion appeared oh: the ckmipus 3^' terday. It contained a feature arti cle: on the governnaent project Of power productiOn^om^^^ at PaSsamaquoddy Bay, in Maine, by R. B. Nhli, Other articles included machine lighting, a description of the Ghina Clipper, and resuJtP of a study op the applications of syn
thetic rubber.
Dr. Laurance M. Thompson, field representative of the American Red Gross, will be in charge of the intensive ten-day training course in first aid that will open at the University Monday.
WAA Holds Sports Dinner Monograms And j^m^als Award OfiiG^s Inst^ed
ANNOUNCES ELECTION Alpha Xi Delta announces the election of the following officers: Mary Huryeh, president; Florence Hester, vice president; Pearl Jackson, secretary; Jan Burch, treasurer; and Catherine Anne Cromer, rush chairman.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Triangle announces the) pledging
of B. D. Witwer, Dayton, Ohio, and
R. H. Patout, Indianapolis.
ZVirfeiiteiif ieadfcrife Witnessed Wild Events In 1877
By Elizabeth: Pyke
“Neither Miohte Carlo, Carlsbad, Saratoga, nor Hot Springs ever developed millionaires and paupers with the pace set by' Leadville”, said Mrs. Edward C. Elliott, wife of pur University president, as she spoke of the thriving mining town- 3Q0 miles from Penver, Colorado,
where she was reared.
In 1877 a man called “Uncle Billy” Stevens found a heavy sand known as lead carbonate, in which there was much silver, and people frain all over the world came to the town in an effort to become rich quickly. By 1877 the startling news caused the population of Leadville to jump from a tiny community of 1200 to k turbulent city of 60,000
people.
The whole atanosphere of the city being one of extravagance, no coin less than a quarter was used; pennies never were spent in those days “It seemed funny to me as k child to be able to buy candy for a penny when I visited in New York City", spoke Mrs, Elliott OS her blue eyes twinkled. Along the main highways of this
Bhiversily Bold Football Clinic Next Week Nationally known leaders in both the collegiate knd professional phase of the gridiron game, as well as the country’s leading kicking coach wiU join with memWs of the Purdue coachiiig staff and outstanding high school mentors in conducting the program for the fifth annual Purdue Football Clinic that willbe held here next Friday and Saturday:
Advance interest shown in the twoday program of addresses and demonstrations indicates that between 400 and 600 high school and col-. legiate mentors from Indiana and neighboring states will attend. Elmer Layden, Notre Dame; Lynn Waldorf, Northwestern; and Noble Kizer, Mai Elward, Guy Mackey, Mel Taube and Dutch Pehring, of the Purdue staff, will represent the collegiate side of the game, while George Halas, ownercoach of the Chicago Bears, will provide the professional angle.
Famous Kicker
One of the big features of the clinic will be the address and demonstration of kicking by LeRpy N. Mills, prominent attorney of Westchester county New York, who has made practically ^ life-lpng hobby of the study of the science of kick ing a football. Millsi who has turned out a brilliant group of kickers, including Prank Carideo, of Notre Dame fame, has consistently refused to professionalize his talents, but has frequently been called into consultation by both collegiate and professional elevens in the east, and his appearance here will be of
unusual interest. Banquet Friday
Layden and Waldorf will both be speakers before the banquet bn Friday evening, and will explain mov(Continued on page 3)
Workers Pour Concrete For Groiind Floor Of Admiiiistratioii Bldgr Pouring of . the first ground floor of the new Administration Building' is expected to be finished late this afternoon or tomoirow sometime according to the ■word uf the contractor, A. E* Kemmer. Over half of the floor had beeh poured late yesterday afternoon and the men were working toward the center on
the other half.
As the building progresses rapidly over by the Pharmacy building, equal advancement is being made on the ballroom addition. The steel rafters have been placed and gypsum roof will cover the new addition which is expected to be in readiness for the Promenade on April 17, although weather conditions haye slacked the work consid-
erably.
The advancement of addition A pf the Union likewise is steadily extending skyward, for the brick wall to the second floor has been completed, and. work lias been started to coristruct the second ground floor. Approximately 30 men are employed on this project.
PENALTY DATES
booming city, many cheap dance halls and gambling dens opened for the amusement of the men and underworld women, “I never entered any of those places”, related the lovely wife of Dr. Elliott, “but chief among the places was Pap Wymann’s comhinatiph concert and dance hall, where all the games of chance were in full swing at the same time. ‘PLEABE DO NOT SWEAR’ signs were hung many places pn the Walls ef the den, for Pap would not allow any profanity
in his gambling joint.”
“Since all kinds of wicked persons congregated in Leadville, killings were very epnimpni, in fapt sb frequept as tp cpmmaiiid ne partic-
(Cpntinpbd en page 2)
During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are: From noon March ,27 tP noon March 28 and all day April 6. Penalty Rules : “Any student who is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty-four hours (not inclu<l-i ing Saturday aftemppn hpr Sunday) immediately preceding Pr follbwing ah authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty-four hour period or Iractipn the^f missed.”: Penalties will be payable within twenty days fbllpwihg the close of the holiday or recess. Delinquency in payment will result in exclusion from the University. FISHER, Deanof Men.
As a grand finale to a successful winter sports season, W. A. A. held its annual spprte banquet last evening in the dining room of the Home Economics Btuldihg. At this time the newly elected officers for next year were installed. Katherine Dunwoody, retirihg president, introduced the incoming staff, including Betty Arnold, president; Majy Humphreys, vice president; 'Mary Ellen Delaplane, secretary, and
Ruth Wiley, teeasurer. - New; Managers: ■ ,'
The new council of managers, consisting of Louanna Thompson, field hockey; Irene Bpehm, archery; Frances Rieth, deck tennis; Jeanette Scudder, basketball; Margaret Richey, rifiery; Autumn Thatcher, volleyball; Mary Alice Pflughaupt, fencing; Martha Walker, tumbling; Regina Kelly, baseball; Mildred Fitch, golf; Barbara Dobspn, hiking; and Elizabeth Maier. shof-
fiehoard and ping-pong.
Monograms
“P” monbgrams were awarded to Regina Kelly, EmUy Tubbs, Mary Humphreys, Jeanette Scudder, Marjorie Charles, and Minadel Venemann. Class numerals were: given to the follpwing: - . Freshmen: Blanche Keniel, Mary Beth Rose, Jane Bauer, Marjorie Rogers, Virginia Blank, Marie Byers, Louise Harry, Betty Hegele, Mary Pell, . Rosemary Vandiver, Wiaifred Clapp', Dorothy Newman; Willa Mae Reverda, Muriel Sands, Pauline Swick, Helen Wurtenberger, Wilma Parks, Frances Eastburn; sophbmpres; Mary Knapp, Mary Gene Jarrett, Roselyii Jackson, Pay Pendergrass, Elizabeth Stetler; juniors: Ruth Anspach, Esther Mitchell, Alice Stair; senior: Betty Duncan. '
Convention Dr. H. Addresses -■suMi:; OfMeethig Dr. Howard W. Haggard, di»nis3ing “Medical Fads and Superstitions”, gave the closing address at the sixth annual druggists’’ business conference last night in Eliza Fowler Hall. Earlier in the day a combined session of the national boarihi of pharmacy and the American Association of Colleges of Phsnna<^ was held under the direction of Prof. E. N. Gathercoal, of niinois University and C. B. Jordan, dean of the University school of pharmacy. The group discussed the new U. S. Pharmacopoeia and National Formulary. Kendall Speaks Approximately 400 tendbd the tecl^cal sessioii yesterday m®^ibff af 'which
«f tim:
prine^al speaker. R. Wil^; secretary of the Georgia Phanam" ceutical Association, also spbkb on “Reentering the Drug Business’^ The Babrnmg sessibn was brought to a close after addresses by Hbm Joseph A. Ahdre’wn, Tippeejawm. county representative, who spoke on “Sbeial Security Legislatibit^; H. C. Christens^, secretary ;bf the National Association of the BpariB Of Pharmacy, who gave:: *‘Ne)Ws from the Front”, commehtory oh up to date pharmaceutical news; F. Vi McGaRohgh, of New Albany, secretary of the Indiana Phmmaceutieal Association: and Edgar A. O’Harrow, bf Blobmington, secretary of the Didiana board of phar-
macy.
; Afternoon Sessitm prof. C. O. Lee, member cif the liJniveEsity pharmacy staff, presided over the afternoon session. Dean F, R. Henshaw and Dr. C. D. Timimons, of the Indiana School of Dentistry, and Dean Edward Spease, of Western Reserve University, were the speakers.
1
MmmM
ANNOUNCES'PLEDGING— . Eta Chapter of Sigma Pi announces the pledging of W. B. Dromb, New Albany; T. W. Zink, Frankfort,': H. : d. Moery, Teiw Haute; C. G. Coan, Clay City, and H. E. Rendel, Mexico, Ind. JUNIOR PROM TICKETS Information from the Prom committee last night indicated that tickets will be distributed immediately after spring vacation to everyone who obtained permits and paid for the ducats at the proper time. All applihsitions will be checked bF the committee during the holidays, and all illegitimate applications will be rejected and the money refunded.
Well Drillers Hold Meetiii^ Here Today Laiest developments in the well drilling industry will be considered at the annual meeting of the Ih^i ana 'Well Drillers^ Association that will be held herb today. Following a discussion of the technical phases of the industry, the annual husiness meeting will be held. The present officers of thb association are G. G. Stremmel, LaFbntaine, president; L. M. Chew; Ehir-^ ley, vice president; W* F- HeimS; Chalmers, treasurer, and Clyde R> Merrick, Indianapolis, semoisvy. Headquarters for the meetihg will he established in the Union
Building.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Today’s issue of the Expoh^ ent is the final edition of the paper this month. Publication will he resumed on Tuesday, ;April"7.' - v': :■':;■
Dnnee Dates On Cantpus Sequire Exeeptional Strategyy visitor S<^8 “Napoleon in all of his glory could never have engineered the strategy necessary for a “dance date” at Purdue ■University* a youthful vmitm: to the campus was quoted yecently as saying; A reason for the. superiority of the Purdue University: milita:^ department inay be the ^practical experience m strategy gained by ttie
men in the school; in their efforts to negotiate a “dance date” with one of the more desh^ble coeds on the
campus.
The young man, who spent several Weeks here, ’was initiated intb the mysterious rites and “five-ye&J^ old” traditions which must be observed before the culmination of all strategic efforts can be bbtaihed-r-a date for a dance* Two methods can be used by the unacquainted, he foimd. Fixat; he may use the facilities of the PIA dating bureau. For the beginner, this method is not recommended because it is necessary to establish a reputation on the campus l»fore the better dates wRl he offered Idmi. The other mbt^d is te cemt^ am upperclassman well versed in the possibilities and poteatiBRibs of
the coeds and at the same time on sufficiently good terms with them; to arrange an interview. This in.tef view may be either over the telfe
ephone or in person.
If the applictmt succeasfdUy passes this test, he may request a “coke” date at which he farther applies Ms art, if any, ef Wooi^^^^ coy coed If he has progressed this far, he should he able to get a “show date”. It should he explained that a girl can enjoy a movie with a fellow, who would not he worthy of a dance date. In other words she see Fred Astaire dance and dr^ni she is Ginger Rogers without being rudely awakened by . a number ten on her toe or an midesirable conversation grating on
(Continued on page St)
I I
> Iv"' » IDally; . Stod^t PaWicati®® :Of Pttrdue .Uiutiersity
■ BDITOEIAL-STAFF „ „ „
... V.'Henaor
a'..C8inpbdl
AaBoeiat^ Bdltoxs.-.-;— IMUntp
. ■ ■ " i—'iA. M. Chaatbeni'C. M., Hardin, W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris; M. G. WalthCT
iso^te %»rta Editorm-™.—— ——F. Mnll, E.JEt Wsapol% iU D. Wood Bsoboaiore K. A. Barnette^ J. B. Brock, A. H. FproBt^, a Jr., R. P. Manlon, O. L. Sadler. R. C. Schenk, von^^M ni.M anil Blarih KBItiw.-... Abbott
BUSINESS STAFF v -..W.'A.: Koch-
..H. F. AntoninI
Advsrtfeias Asstet^ts.
: L. H. Brown, B. Creek, D. C. Miller R, J. Hulse
1... ...J. G. Girard. G. R. Shields
WOMEN’S STAFF , '■ y.'' . .. ... .... Joyce WilliamB
A^sodate Editora—^.;—
i JSelen Creech, Edna Hutson, Elleh Mann - ™ ... .__JaB^hine Parkins
Sepbomore Assistahte.
....„.......Jean Brown, Jean Janonsek, Marjorie Louis, Doris Ellen McCartney, Elizabeth Fyke, Esther Turley
Friday, March 27,1936.
fesue Editor—K. Ae Barnette.
Useful Irony
An additional touch of irony was added to the “ Veterans of Future Wars” movement, an organization initiated at Princeton University, when student journalists at Rutgers offered their services to the “Veterans” by forining “The Asspcia-^ tidn of Future War Propagandists”. They requested free tuition so that they could learn to write propaganda stories for the next war, and they further asked for the establishment of a “home for indigent war propagandists who will lose
them from again presenting themselves for peacetime employment in the fourth estate.” The “Veterans” also laid plans to erect a monument to the “Unborn Soldier”. The “Future War” idea, originating in the east, has spread westward, and the movement is receiving more publicity than even its most optiinistic originatprs could have hoped for. The entire affair may seem to be but another idle brainstorm of a group of politically-minded college students, but if it succeeds in further bringing before the public the insanity of war, it will have performed a valuable task for mankind. Also, if the organization succeeds in establishing in the public’s mind the fact that the American Legion is using its political bulkiness and voting x)ower to derive financial gain from the government, the satire will be rewarded.
Rewardiilg The Scholar
The “Revue de Chic” dance tonight •will cost the gentlemen two dollars. That calls for a band in the Lun^eford class, at least. Who do we get? ORV WRAY—Our Vnion’s going big time in a big wayl Fritzie! “What is taking you to
:Prom
Speaker: “Georgeous.” Well, Pierce has been called just about everything so far; Kappa Sig Wellbrock wants a date with Rhumba., fame Hayes.' Aforesaid co-ed insists oh Sweet Shop interview before, granting such a' favor. Wellbrock’s charms won’t be so evident in the broad day light but maybe he’ll get by for at least one date. Ammerman inspires Kappa Bain to great musical heights. Her theme song now is “Moon Over My
Ami”.
Last Line: NUFF!
Wanted—One passenger to New York or Boston. Ten dollars round trip. Carl Gilbert, 2377.
Let your Jeweler Show you the HADLEY 1936 Watch Bracelets
Chambeidih’s Special Pot This Week—Butterscotch and Vanilla. Order Tt-^It’s Delicious.
NOTICES Me aodoM aftoe .1 U.:
Zonav^a-^Eeport for practice at 4 Monday, April 6. —WINTER.
Union Workers—Members of our committees report to sub-basement, at 4. —-SCHOliBB. QUIGGLB, PUGH, Union Workers—Members of our committees report to Walt Scholer in. the sub-base^ ment at 4. —JUMP, CLARK, OHAVER, SHOEMAKER.
Union Workers—Members of my committee meet in the Union office at 4. —ANSPACH.
Union Workers—Meet in sub-basement of Union to work on Prom decorations Monday, April 6, at'4. •
—FULLER.
have produced many constmetiou features, exclusive with Hadley .Watch Bracelets, that make a major! conti^iffion, t0 Beadty imd Perfect Fit, •• To learn what is latest in Watch Bre^^Iet Style ~ send for our jUus-i trated'folder, “Smaft Wrists"—youra lor the asking,
^ i C O Ml W Yi * I ^ O >■ Toronto*Canada* •Lonion*England •! WRIST" WATCH .. BRACELETS.- EXGLHSlY.HY - SINCE..' 19.12
Bad Weather Forces Glider Club To Cancel Record Try The University Glider club has cancelled its trip to Michigati which they were planning to make during the week of spring vacation, on account of general bad weather. The club had planned to go to Sleeping Bear Soaring Ridge, near Empire, Michigan, for an attempt to set new records. Weather reports show that a thaw has started, and that the ground may be clear about the middle of next week. If this happens to be the case, several of the members may make the trip then.
W. A. A.—^No’mixed recreation tonight. —BRADY. Y. W. .C. A.—Meeting of social and worship committed at Y. W. C. A. office at 4 today. —ROSS.
Townsendism On The Spot . ^ ^ The Townsend movement, sponsoring that ridiculous plan for handing out money, is now undergoing a congressional investigation. Perhaps this marks its recognition by the government, for it seems that, sooner or later, nearly everything is investigated by a committee of federal lawmakers. Following, as it does, the split between the doctor and his head man, Robert Clements, the investigation should make a
columns of the daily papers. And perhaps the secret of Dr. Townsend’s prosperity may be unearthed. If, as some suspect, the dimes of his gullible followers are flowing into his pockets, the whole plan may be dropped into oblivion. ' W. T.H.
The general regard for scholastic achievement has assumed a somewhat different aspect in recent years in the increasing tendency to give more material rewards to those students who have made high grades. Formerly, those youths distinguishing themselves in the classroom were rewarded with a windy eulogy at graduation and the leader presented with a medal or trophy. Because of human nature, it is impossible to raise the student to the same level occupied by the athlete. Thrilling end runs and last-minute baskets stir us more than the sight of a bespectacled youth trudging to the Library every day with a brief case in his han^. Yet, the latter is just as worthy of praise. The increased tendency to reward the distinguished student with money sets a more alluring goal. The University, ©ne of the leaders in this movement, established the Distinguished Rating System in 1925, and the number of persons with high grades has steadily increased since that time. Last semester alone, the University paid more than ten thousand dollars to distinguished students. It is an honor to be a distinguished student and a distinction obtained only by consistent work of high quality. It is a ^od method to raise the general scholastic level, at the same time rewarding the student who has distinguished himself. •—A.M.G.
C.E. Rowland, ME’37,. Solos In Record Time After only four hours of flying instruction, C. E. Ro'wrland, junior mechanical student, completed a solo flight Wednesday at the University airport. Rowland, a member of Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity, received his instructions from Lawrence T. Aretz, port operatioim smmager« as^ '€k ^ (Bud) Middleton, port attache’ in the Taylor Cub-ship.
AIEE Essay Contest To Close Tomorrow R. L. Kessel, vice chairman of the University branch of the A. t. E. E., annoimeed yesterday that all entries in the local A. I. E. E. essay contest must be turned in by the end of this week. This contest, which is ppen only tp juniprs and semprs, is limited te npn'technical snbjacts.
WBAA
Itedajr 11:00—Sociology Lecture. Prof. Nose. 12:00—AgricultunJ Forum.. 11:60—^Purdue News Elaskee. 12:16—Orval Wray's Orchestra. 12:30—^H. I. Metzger, organist. 12:46—Athletic Review, 1 :00t—Electrical Engineering Shop,. l:16^Mary Ann Godfrey, contralto. l:80-^The Apothecary. R, L, Kimball. 1:46—Final Marketa, 2:00—^The Radio piayshop. West La2:30—Lafayette Music Society. Tomorrow ‘ 11:00—"Just Kids." 11:80—^High School Program. 12:00—^The Engineer. 12:16—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 12:80—Frank Hall, News Commentator. 12;46—Orval Wray’s Orchestra. 1:00—The Radio Stage. 1:80—E. Harold John, baritone. 1:4&—Saturday Musicale. 2:00—^Hoosier Schoolmaster. ' . 2:1&—Campus Variety Hour.
LEADVILLE, 1877— (Continued frem page 1) ular attention. My father witnessed several shootings and hangings in this tempestuous city, where no governmental laws were adhered to”, she related. Anyone of the present day, who saw the mo-vie “Silver 'Dollar” saw the exciting history of this min ing to'wn. A man called Tabor was known as the “father of Leadville”. This part was played by the actor, Edward G. Robinson, who gave an authentic portray^ of the successful mine owner at the height of his wealth and power. Mrs. Elliott speaks of this desert ed to'wn as “an empty gold hole”, which phrase sounds a note of sadness.
The thinking fellow calls ■A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI GAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
DEAC'. \ HAS EYERYTHIN6 for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H,.G.EEISNEE
During the next meeting of the local A. I. E. E., four juniors and four seniors will be allowed to read their essays. At the end of the meeting one junior and one senior will be selected as the -winners. The awards will carry with them a year’s student membership in the A. 1. E. E.
t'jmo TODAY - SATURDAY
CHILDEEN’S DANCING CLASSES : Ballet and Tap . Enroll Sat., March 28 Indiana’s Largest Dancing School Adult Ballroom Classes , Open Beginner’s, Apr. 16th, 7:30 p. m. Advanced, Apr. 17th, 7:30 p. m.
ALLEN’S
6th & Feiry
DANCE DATES— ■ ' (Continued from page 1) her nerves. At this point the fello-w can summon up courage to ask the girl for a dance date. Considerable care should be taken in the manner in which this conversation is couched. The wary -victim should not be frightened away by a too sudden approach. The dates should be made the flrst time at least one week and possibly two ahead of time. All that remains to be done then is to wait and pray that she won^t change her mind and decide “to go home over the week end”. From this point the young man should be on his o-wn and further
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the , MITZI SANDWICH SHOE
213 Vine St.
progress will depend entirely upon himself. If he is fortunate before he leaves the University he may enjoy “walk dates”, “ride dates”, or may even be permitted to have a “talk date”. Of course, it is usually easier to bring Susie up to school for a dance. She will probably think he is a flne feUow and a credit to hiS native heath. But on the other hand, the fisherman are always the thickest around the streams where the fish are the hardest to catch.
TODAY - SATURDAY ; .
, Efek Beiital CMhIc . PAUL A. RISK . ROBERT G. RISK ■ HAROLD J. RISK ; LUTHER A. RISK 400 Sdinltz Bldg. Phone 6701 Corner 4th and Main
W. Lafayette
-J
@f|
and [iVimi’S PBin lEBIU EPI89DE t BHWIEB ilHSE Rllt
— ", --N . ■ LOHA i ,TODAY . r, SATURDAY
FROO THE FiHOUR ROVEIS DT BURT 1. STANOISH
132 Vine St. W. Lafayette
'mmim ^ LAUNDRY
SPECIAL Saturday Night Midnight Show PMUIIOF MiEiniS
641 Main St. Lafayette
A good appearance is a -big asset to any person and a weM cleaned and pressed garment is a big lielp towards good appearance. Have your garments cleaned and pressed regularly by an experienced dry cleaner.. them today to the AMEMCAN for expert, satisfactory work. Phone 3035 American Laundry AND CLEANING CO.
6D©A» ''KtMNiDY’*^T6Ri.lN® HOllSwAY EDWARD .BROPHY • WIlUAto AUSTIN HERMAN BEN© • FRANKIVN PANOBORN ARTHUR HOYT"'* PURNELL PRA-TT This feature is also shown Sunday and Monday with “7 Keys to BaMpate”
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
nrinli: MlUi. tw Mur© Energy
Call JOHNSON Phone 4133S
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building;
Johnson’s dairy
TODAY - SATURDAY BUCK JONES “Forbidden Trail” and PITTS Affairs of Susan” ‘Custer’s Last Stand”
SPECIAL MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY, 11:46 "‘$1,000 a Minute”>
On Southern 1 our
Team Faces Tough Series
M. Goris Wins 1st In Fencing M. E. Goris, freshman in the school of forestry, New York' City, won eleven out of eleven matches to take first place in the freshman fencing tournament which was concluded last Tuesday. Second place went to J. D. Rumsey, freshman in the science school, who also hails from New York City. Rumsey lost ori^ one match 6^ the eleven. The tsir^y-hihe %esh^ started out ih-g#oi:4»s ctf sev^ ea<^, with the exception of Which had an extra mah> fenced in a round robin tourney; 0je l^ghest men in ■ each ^bup were matched in the final meet;; Each man faced the othet eleven in the finals, winners being detenhined bn the basis of matcbes won and lost; The man who scored five points first was named the winner of. the match unless the score became tied 4-4; In this case the man getting six points first was the winner. Due to the fact that the numerals allotment provided for only ten sweaters, two of the twelve finalists will not receive numeral awards. Those who will receive numerals, listed in the order of finishing, are: as follows: M. E. Goris, J. D. Rumsey, A. H. Levin, J. J. Gelleher, C* F. Hoffman, R. A. Meir, S. Bacharach, A. C. DeLuise, H. Zweig, and
E. P. Senk.
Two inter - fraternity competitions neat their conclusion as class “B”' basketball and the volleyball championships enter into the finale. The Eappa Sigma volleyball team was scheduled to meet the Delta Chi squad tonight to deter-
r«, ^ wiine the team to play the Phi Delta J. lllTCC V CiCPAHS squad in the finals. This game, how-
ever, has been postponed and will be played after vacation, because of
conflicting engagements.
In class “B” basketball, the final game has been postponed until
To Make Trip;
ing Staff In Top Form
By L. D. Wood.
Assistant Coach “Pop” Doan and « lx, ft, !
his crew of. twenty baseball players . f shove off this afternoon for Lofiisiana, where they will train during «iotr Z "i^erest Centered upon it, as the
of six cames against will be trying to pre-
vent the Phi Psi’s from following up their class “A” win with a win in class "B” and thus annexing both inter-fraternity basketball Competitions of the current schooi
.year; 1;
Sheer chiffons, well reinforced. Paprika, Marimba, other hew colors.
Runt and pulls oxpertly rekmt In any make of hose. ^ ^ 24-hour service. aIJC
West Side of Sqiutfe
spring vacation, and also play a
schedule
southern teams. Coach Ward Lambert, who is vacationing in Florida at present, will go to Louisiana to meet the team. Doan animunped . labt night t^^ only three; lettermen will make the trip. The squad is composed mostly of sophomores who are fighting it out for the positions bn the team. The pitching staff is in good shape and is expected to he much stronger than in recent years. - ,:Schedule. ’ . ■ In the south, the teUm Will pla,y a four-game series with L6uisia,na Tech and a two-game series against Mississippi State. The' complete schedule fOr this season, which includes eleven Big Ten encounters*
follows:
Mar. 30—-Purdue at Louisiana Tech. Mar. 31—Purdue at Louisiana Tech, Apr. 1—Purdue at Louisiana Tech. Apr. 2—Purdue at Louisiana Tech. Apr. 8—Purdue at Mississippi
State.
Apr. 4—Purdue at Mississippi
State.
Apr. 8—Carleton at Purdue. Apr. 11—Butler at Puiblue (two games). Apr. 13—-Purdue at Wabash. Apr. 15—Purdue' at Chicago. Apr. 17—-Wabash at Purdue (tenta-
tive).
Apr. 18—^Purdue at Illinois. Apr. 21—DePauw at Purdue. Apr. 22—Purdue at Notre Dame. Apr. 24—Purdue at Minnesota. Apr; 25—Purdue a,t Minnesota. Apr. 28—Wabash at Purdue, Apr. 30—Purdue at Indiana. May 1—^Purdue at Indiana. May fr^Wabash at Purdue. May 8—-Indiana at Purdue. May 9—Indiana at Purdue. May 12—Illinois at Purdue. May 13—Louisiana Tech at Purdue, May 14r^Louisiana Tech at Purdue. May 15—Michigan at Purdue. May 16—Louisiana Tech at Purdue. May 20—Notre Dame at Purdue. May 23—Chicago at Purdue.
FRATERNITY BASEBALL
All baseball entry blanks for the fraternity diamond play must be turned in to the intramural office today.
We Have Just the Formal You Have Been Looking for for
Formal Dances or
Parties Net, Taffeta, Silk Organdy, and Crepe. With or without jackets.
815 Columbia Street—South Side Square
GRIDGLINIC-:-t';: (Continued from page 1) ing pictures of butstandihg games played by their bleyens last fall in another new feature of this years clime, while Hmas ■will discuss the use of ^e; forward pass; by the professionals before Saturday morning’s session; Mark Wakefield, of Central High School, E’Vansville, will he the toastmaster at the banquet at which the other speakers will be Dr. E. C. Elliott and A. L. Trester, Commissioner Of the I. H. S..-A.-A. Separate Discussions Following the banquet and movies oh Friday night, coaches and officials attending the clinic ■will split into two groups for separate yound table discussions. The program for the coLaches’ round table is being arranged by “Chuck” Bennett, of LaPorte high school,, while the Indiana Football Officials’ Association ■will be in charge of its own meeting. Among the high school coaches who ■will appear on the tWo-day program, which will get under way Friday morning, ■will he Paul Beck, of Oblong, 111. • Carl Huffine, of Hammond; Murray Mendenhall, of Central, Fort Wasme; Paddy Driscoll, of St. Mel, Chicago, 111,; and Don Ping, of Reitz Memorial, Evans'ville. Demonstration Game Field work ■with the Purdue squad on Friday a f t e r n o o n in charge of Mai Elward and Mel Taube, of the Boilermaker staff, and a demonstration game between two picked Boilermaker elevens on, Saturday afternoon ■will be added features of the session. Cne of the most popular features of past clinics a demonstra-
Aspirants Tests Eacli Thursday Achievement to Sigma Delta Psi, national athletic honorary, by any, fraternity man ■will add five participation points to his organization’s total, according to an announcement made by intramural department officials. This year marks the first time such an arrangement has been made. Tryouts will be held each Thursday afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock. After spring vacation, all tryouts ydll be held at the stadium; Previous to this all contestants have been working off the indoor portion* of the requirements in the Memorial Gsrmnasium. McCormick Is President D. D. McCormick, president of the lqca.1 chapter* is:in Charge bfiall tryouts. Anyone who desires to take the tests may do so by applying to him. The: national officers of the fraternity have approved a $3 certificate; membei^hip. ; liiie events nrid aualifleations foir ■ each are as follows ;v 100 yard dash in 11 8-6 seconds, 120 yard low hurdles in 16 seconds ; running high jump of 6 feet, , running broad jump of 17 feet ; shot put (lo .pound) 80 feet; 20 foot rope climb in 12 seconds; baseball throw of ?60 feet or javelin throw of 180 feet; puntihg 120 feet, lOO yard: swim in 1:46, mile run iU 6 minutes, tumbling—front handspring, hand stand-for 10 seconds, and fence vault;; In addition,, contestehts must pass certain posture and scholarship dualifications. tion on , methods of preventing and treating injuries, by Dr. Gordon A. Thomas* Purdue team phymeian, and Lon Mann, trainer, will be pre^ sented on the Friday afternoon pro-
gram.
There will be no registration fee "of any kind for the clinic, and the visiting coaches ■will be housed in fraternity houses on the cainpus as the clinic dates fall in the Purdue spring vacation.
B. & W.Skoe Co. 121 N. Fourth
The Kleinhans Store 109 fj. 4th St. Lafayette
Its
Purdue students really appreciate this fine restaurant for its varied menu of carefully prepared food. Whether you want ^ supper, a sandwich, or one of our fountain specialties, you always receive quick, thoughtful service. ThaPs why you’ll find so many of your friends at Lafayette’s Finest Restaurant.
CONTINUOUS TWENTY-FOUR HOUR SERVICE 420 Mam StreetIssue Editoi*—Marjorie Louis.
S9SM
Union To GiVe*e« (ii®l<£
Co-ed Modeis Will Present
Style Display At Dance “Ilevue de Chic’^ a style show with ten eored lhodeIs, vrill toe presented at the Student Union formal in the Memorial Union ballroom this evening from 9 to 12 o’clock. Decorations will include a backdrop of a large French^draped window with moonlight streaming through and a glittering silver circle as
direct background for the
models. The dance will be conducted in regular cabaret style. Tables arranged along the sides of the ballroom will have places set with corsages for the ladies and carnations fpr the men. Soft drinks will be served.
■ Models
Gowns in the style show, furnished by Loeb and Hene, will be modeled by Louise Bain, Mary Counts, Sara Kay Foorman, Edith Gregory, Jane Lonamel, Mary Louise Lustig,
Jeanette Nilson, Jo Perkins, Lillian Peterson and Betty Renn. Both fornials and street dresses will be modeled) featuring the new trend for Henry III and Gibson Girl
styles.
brval Wray and his popular campus band, featuring Jo Friend and Fat Haywood as vocalists, will provide music for the occasion. Contrary to the custonx of former years, the affair is not a co-ed bid
dance.
The clever fashions shown at the
are identical with those you see in our show wiii'^ows and on our fashion floor.
—they have been selected with the utmost of care by our stylists and rate among the most beautiful clothes of the season.
-—they are wearable, flattering and sensible priced —so that even the most limited purse can afford them. '
—may we have the pleasure to show them to you personally.
wm
Loeli Mene €o. Fashion Shops—Second Floor
With, the severe and tailored clothes of this spring, delicate touches are necessary to soften the mannish air of the clothes.
Perfumes Add Chic To Spring
By Dwothea Justin. In spring a ydiing girl's fancy lightly turns to thbughts pf love, but it turns seriously to other fascinating things. Among these are Chic clothes and proper accesrseries, /■'.
A delightful finishing tohch to the perfect spring costume is a perfume appropriate to it. For a simple spring suit which is extremely tailored," a softening touch of Guerlaih’s new “Sous La Vent” (summer breeze) makes the ensemble gay and light. These gay but sophisticated flowered formal dresses are matched Well in mood by Giro’s “Surrender”, which has both glamour and elusiveness.
Casual school outfits are made more charming by using a suggestion of Caron’s “Rock Garden Flow-
ers”.
Perfumes are an exquisite medium for expression of personality, mood and occasion. The light floral fragrances which predominate this spring are notes of merry feminity in a severe, masculine setting. Perfume, delicately used, is a final accessory to a chic ensemble.
Vacation Varieties
It is in the hope that others join us in our curiosity as to how some 6f the campus socialites plan to spend their vacations, that we present the results of long and patient snooping. New York is to be the gathering place for a few of the Kappas, Thither Gary Vaughan is going to indulge ip stage shbWs and new; and extreine spring boniretsi t^ile Ann Steckei and Judy jphes a^ to Freeporti New York,; to “knock ’em ■dead”.; -
Martha Cassell has divulged to a: select few her plan Of going to St. Louis to visit her sister during part of her vacation. Of course, it may be only a coincidence that Beta Bill Thoms is now in school there, but-4-Among those who are going home away down south or away out west are Lyda Lyon, to Greenville, Mississippi; Virginia RichardS> who is planning to bask in the sunshine (and moonglow) of Orlando, Florida; Betty Lee, who is leaving Chippy to gO to her new home in Kansas City; Cheyenne, Wyoming, Schroeder, who is remaining true to her “boots and saddle” by riding a lot at Port Knox, Kentucky, where she will visit relatives ; and Martha Gillespie, who will return home to Miami, Oklahoma, for her second visit there since school opened this fall. Edith Gregory is traveling a long way from Bunch by going to visit Ruth Christophersen, in Greehbay, Wis, Jean Small, not to be outdone in hospitality, is to entertain Helen Mae Bryan at her home in Vincennes.
WAA Plans Spring Program
For Sport Enthusiasts
By Nota Misner.
If you happen to be one of those people who are not busy every afternoon at 4 o’clock, or are just bored with the world in general, we have a suggestion to make. Just drop in at the Women’s Gymnasium any afternoon, and we will guarantee that you will find plenty of activity. When we arrive on the campus after that long-looked-forward-to spring vacation, the W. A. A. sports
will have undergone a radical change. Baseball, tennis, archery, and golf will be the new sports instituted. Practices will begin the week after vacation, and this will be followed by the intramural and class tournaments in the various sports. Orchesis will continue to meet on Wednesday nights and swimming On Thursday nights. Even if you are not athletically inclined, perhaps the next feature will interest you. The Sportswomen, W, A. A. members who have won P monograms, are sponsoring a Penny Carnival, which will be held in the Women’s Gym on Saturday afternoon, April 26, from 3:30 to 7:30 o’clock. The gym will be decorated to represent a circus, and there will be booths where sandwiches, pop, eskimo pies, copkiesj candy, and salad can be purchased for a cent. Visitors won’t eVen have to go home for dinner, but can remain to eat on the “circus grounds”. Each sorority will have a side show booth, and the cleverest one will be awarded a cup. The judging committee will be composed of members of the faculty. P. 1. A, will have a telegram booth and the Sportswomen will have ping-pong and “nigger baby” booths. Special demonstrations wifl be given by the tuhibling, Orchesis, and tap dancing groups. As an added attraction, an orchestra will provide music for dancing from to 7:30 o’clock. Anyone may attend the affair.
Purdue Women's Club Meets With Mrs. Carr
The music group of the Purdue Women’s club held a regular meeting at 2:30 o’clock yesterday afternoon at the home of Mrs. R. H Carr. Violin selections by Frances Buxton, accompanied by Eleanor Glaze, piano solos by Mrs. H. H Remmers, vocal numbers by Mrs J, W. Findley, accompanied by Mrs P, B, SonesOn, and harp selections by Mrs, Gr^ny made up the inusi cal part of the program.
Croup To Give "Queen For A Day” By Frances McKee. Persephone, for six months of each year queen of the un-
the day of Persephone’s release for half a year trom, tlaaes. This mortal queen Will have a maid of honor and a qourt to
sit with her May 9 on the
Oval east of University Hall, This is a brief sketch of the pageant “Queen for a Day”, which will be given at the University M^ Day Oxercises May, 9. It was written by; bickOn Connor, who adapted the play “with the use of poetic license to nxakb; Persephone queen of the fairies’’; ; Mr, Connor says, when asked where he got the idea Of the theme, “Oh, it just seemed to fit in weil with the idea of spring and May
Day."
The role of Persephone will be played by Ada Mae Roe. The May Queen, Edith Gregory; her maid of honor, Lillian Peterspn; and her court of senior girls, Sara K. Poorman, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan, Evelyn Kellenberger, Mary Louise Lustig, and Mary Luxton, were chosen recently by a studentfaculty committee. By the use of interpretative dancing, the secrets of the earth—^the rain, the sunshine, and the growth Of flowers—are displayed to the queen and her court. C’Dale Boiler, with the help of Miss Ellis, of the
department of physical education, is working out the different danCes. Mary Tangermah, who is in charge of costumes, with the help of Miss Naumann and the applied design class 64, will try to suit the dresses to the dances to make clear what the dancers portray. She is planning to make the costumes of the dancers of cheesecloth and cellbr;
phahe.;'
Gold:: Peppers'Even pledges' to honorary sororities must undergo the tradiiionai period of pirobation. At all hours, at any point on the campus, the hewly pledged neophytes of Gold Peppers, may be seen politely stepping’ off the pavement at the approach of au active, addressing said active by her complete homenclature, And offering her wares of peanuts^ gum, mints, animal cratk^s and what have you. Such is the price of glory.
ANNOGNCES PLEDGING Tau Kappa Epsilon amiounceS the pledging of J. A. Meredith, Elbum, 111.,' ■
ajiMaa
Crown Gleaning: will keep your garments as love^' lyas' they were, at
The First Showing
rown
Fin^ Cleaners of Fine Clothes
aun^dry