t/
fV'
''■h ' - ■ -j >.
Wkitifies :ke^rym'
Ncieds Men Wifh Spcfeiafized > Training; Sfiidenfs May Remain in< School . statement issued by Honorable Henry L. StimWar, September 17 on the status quo' of the coUfe^e ih'the Ehlisted Reserve Corps. : \ Week I announce students who are memof <;he Army Reserve will all, or for the most ^ift, hie calledi'to active duty at the end of the term how behhd'thereafter, as they reach Selective Service age. /Tbis action has been forseen hs a possibility, and in every 'Jj^^sehtatjon of the Elnlisted Reserve plan to college students, and- college authorities it was clearly stated that enlisted re^ryists were subject to call at any time when, in the opinion df the Secretary of .War, the exigencies of war demanded it. '^his statement Was made by me personally in the original an--■iibuhceihent of the'plan on May 14. TO ^ caited fiariF in 1943 '- Im public addresses by Wa,r Department oflScials on the subject Of tlhe-EnUsted Reserves, the fact that the members were subject M call'at any time bas been emphasized and repeated, l^or example;, last; July dVKatVey H. Bundy, Special Assistant tp the-Secretary of War; addressing a freshman class, said,: ‘''there, is no cnommitnient tb^^ man may complete his College edaeatibni” This addlress containing that statement was distributed to the cdlTe^es. ’ / •ffiryidw of admohitipni^ which have been a consistent part of the War Department’s Enlisted Reserve policy WO^'tbe^^^^^^ seriousness of the war, the notice that the'call-to dhty’^ould come early in 1943 should hot ha'Te bccasiohed'great surprise. However, my statement,, together with other recent press rOportp, has - beens interpreted in some quarters to mean the end of all higher education for the duration of the war. This is a mis^preherision that should be corrected. The Army is greatly in need of men of specialized training paitfCularliy ih physics, chemistry, engineering and medicine. We afe equalli^ interested in having adequate numbers of men of such traihing^availabre to War production industries and the civilian research agencies of the government. Plans are now. being Mjrked ouf for thn rnOtiod of training of those inducted into th’d' Arniy,'but ih any event it is hoped that the colleges will rt|aihtaini their training of students in engineering, medicine and Other sCfehCes;' ' ' ' May Expand Dhivefsity T^ , In soine case^y it Will be ne^^ to expand this training. GcCupational bulletins of the Selective Service System have See STIMSON, page 4
abh/ Buml^ctm
Witf TeW^f fuftir e Prospeefs
Starting at 7 p. m. the first pep-session will get-under way ih front Of the Union. Led by the band and “Boilefma^er-Spe-cial” the milling throngs of students will prOceed to the bonfire in Stuart Field. “DOc” Hunt, winner of the Best Teacher Award', Elfeer Burnham and Red Majjkey will relate the-facts that poiht to an outstanding year in foot- ——^^———
o Make E^but
FQRDHAM
\ii ‘ i V PROBABLE LINEUPS WMi^UE - .•Position '' ■-
.LE:-- ...i. Slodowski : .!..LT. l Yackanich ......LG.;.;........ Pascavage Leugo (C) .."C . Sabasteanski
;.....l;.R6 .. McIntyre
ball. Menibers of the team will also present their views on the coming battle with the Fordham Bams. The different houses and fraternities will display huge pep signs. The theme of which will be the complete extermination- of the Rams. Fraternities are requested to hold 6:30 dinners tonight in order to facilitate attendance.
DtJAitteream For Volunteers To Blood Bank
Union Kame Band
Parade inds
“Music That Dares To Be
..Rt
...RE. ::qBv
.lb: ..RH;
Byrne Ritinski ;... Hearn
Cheverko,
................' Andrejco
Filipowicz (C)
Sfadenfs To Give Bfood To Red Cross
Bruce Adams; head cheer leader, will be on hand to show Elmer Burnham that the student body will be fully prepared to back the team
“Doc” Miller, of the Student Health Service, announced yesterday that students of the University will be given a chance to take
ln Unioii-At8:E. Hkj^ki
sinocfc
Apdretich .u................... Buffington
pEPfGrALS—Referee, Francis Eeatihg,Eitcltlffirg; umpire, Don Ham-
Different” takes OVeT tptlight: iltpn; Notre Dame; ^field judge,,UUfford Montgomery,, ColuiUbik; head
at 8:30 in the Union Ballfopms Bay Wchenlaub; Notre Dame.
when Claude Thornhill his BROADCASTS—Blue: Network;. WBAA, Purdue;. WOWO, Fort piano and his orchestra play Wai-re; tnUE, Indi.n,poli,; WJOB, Haimond, WASK. La-far.ttd._ for thelasfof aseries of Name Lynching the Boilermaker’s «ty-fifth, gridiron campaign Band Mixers Tickets for the Dimer Burnham s first season as head coach here; eleven affair nrp nn <?alp niif<?idh ftiP tense Riveter pigskin aces wiirtake to the field of .Ross-Ade Sweet Shop in the Union for $i;65; Stadium, tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. against the powerfnl Ford-
Claude Thornhill has made a name ham Rams ff om New York City..
for himself during the past year on Practicing since Sept. I on a brand'new type of Boilermaker
in offensive, the gridders will
from the bleachers. The complete an active part in the National Emer-.
yell staff is composed of Jean Bar-
All students
Tett, Marilyn Nicho'lson, Sv^'^'a Pblites, Pete Schwab, Dave Morrison, Jim Metzger, Bob Fackler,
Gal Coates, and Ed Gruis.
Dotty Lamour Attracts 20,000 To War Bond Rally In Stadium Show Sells Over $80,400 In Bonds As Townspeople Shiver In Cold
Student Senate Holds Elections for Sophs,
Juniors Today
Election of. eight sophomores and
who are in good
health may volunteer to contribute blood to the Red Cross National; Blood Bank. Those who wish to contribute are asked to go to the Student' Health Service so that a schedule may be made. Since t^ie blood will be drawn on Octobey 10, all volunteers are asked to pledge either Monday or, Tuesday, of next
week; .
Want Only Healthy Students Miller asks that the student should not volunteer Monday to donate a pint of his blood unless he
the East Coast:^ playing at Westchester’s swank Glenn Island;., G.asino at New Rochelle, New Ypi’k, At the present time he-, is pir, a na-tion-wide dance and', threatre- hour and has been playing theatre dates
in Chicago and vicinity.
Thornhill’s orchestra is noted mainly for its mellow, sweet style and for; Claud'e’s spasmodic pianp playing.. Much of.his success, is due to his apt use of a five-man sax section augmented by two clarinets, making seven reeds in all and giving a rich background for the piano.
Snowflakes Featured
Senior Cow F^ade Forms MikU:
GoM' Reppers ' Leail Processfbit
Annual' Senior Cord Parade wiU>
shed a little light oh the questiph in the minds of thousands of midwestern hhd^ natipnal footbaff f arik on the power and speed;', of the' 1942 Gold and Black grid squad; , ’ Marking'the eij^th .renewal of the . colorful: dntdrseetiq'ual series with; ias,t, year’s Sugar Bowl cham-pions',-tl^, season’s opener will be the -first of three. “High School Days” scheduled for this fall. Uni-
form tomorrow at I p.. m. on the
verity i ^taldents; will be admited
p., .Like oir jassporfi. .
^qublp ,:^d between. Stuart FieM - , defensive power of. the Gold:
Featured with Thornhill.are Lil- and the Pharmacy Building; From iiff'Ri„p'k fhrwa^^ which ha-?
lian Lane and the “Snowflakes”, there the seniors will be led by the . hg-; Buddy Stewart, Martha Wayne and Reamer mascot, the Gold Peppers Art Malvin, who provide the vocal ■ ;
By Bill Hoskins Upwards of 2O;O0O people; shivering in the cold, fell for Dorothy Damour and'Bought war bonds at Lafayette’s gigantic rally in the stadium last night. Hardly a single one of the thousands of nearly frozen fans left their seats—sitting tfirough almost two hours of the program-i-before the Hollywood star made Her appearance in a dazzling beige convertible. : The citizens^ of Lafayette and surrounding territory dug deep in their pockets for mon- r—~^—•
eight juniors to jobs on the Student fully intends to go through with Sengtp will stUrt at 2 and last un- his. pledge, as this would interfere til bsSQ tpday. The balloting will with the whole schedule. Those stu-
take place iin the Union. Passports
must be shown in order to vote. The candidates with their respective schools are as follows: Engineering — sophomores, Lee
Allexander, Don Dial,, Bill Dingle,
dents who are not in good health at the time are also asked not to volunteer themselves. The blood will be drawn between 1:30, and 5:30 in the afternoon by the mobile unit of the Red Cross,
Scott Hansen, Bob King, Tom Spit- which is now located in the North
ey to buy bonds honoring last ERC Physicals night s rally. Final returns ; , ^
ler, Judd 'Vear, Dick Welty ; juniors. Art Kuiiter, ChE; Bill Lester, EE;
Ballroom of the Union. Cross unit has been
This Red traveling
talent so necessary for every-band. The standout musicians in Thornhill’s aggregation are Nick Fatool, drummer, recently acquired froih Benny Goodman’s band, and- Conrad' Gozzo and Rusty Dedrick, who lead the brass section with their sharp
trumpets.
In the recording fleldj. Thornhill started out with a bang by making
AH Engineering srniiprs ijmiist, present passp^ts fe. Skull; a|id-; Gresc.ept boys. All seniors who expect: to graduate in December or May can participate in tlie parade.
tso losses-'by-graduation and to the armed- services, will be tested to tkeilimitlby thetambupctious Rams. Despite-the fact that. Fprdham has enjpyedL.a.r^.utation as a defensive. team. since the “Seven Blocks of GFatiite” caijglit the popular fancy a few years ago; the’ fact'remains that, last fall for the second straight year
P^e Schwab, Civil and PSE, and through the states gathering blood
showed a total of $608,433.75, To Advshced $80,444,50 of which was col- ' y lected last night. The rest of POTC Stsndsfd the total anrount was donated by various organizations and indus- Members of the freshman and trial concerns of Tippecanoe county, sophomore class desiring to enlist :High individual bidding honors in the Army Enlisted Reserve will went to Prof. Frank C. Hockema in the future have to pass the same iii an auction to sell an original physical examination as is now recartoon by John T. McCutchedn. quired for advanced course ROTC Under Dottie’s professional aue- students. This is a slightly stiffer tiqn.eering technique, the McCutch- exam for eyes, height, weight and epn cartoon was sold to members teeth. All other factors remain the of the University staff for $20,800 same.
worth of war bonds.
..Fiext on Miss Lamour’s auction Hat was her own personally lipsti'cked. handkerchief which elicited
The new requirements for eyes are a minimum vision of 20/100 in each eye, correctible with glasses to
,-i , 20/20 in one eye and to 20/30 iii the ananitial bid of $6,000 and was sold t^e ability to distin-
Phil Woolei'y, ME. Agi’iculture—sophomores, Wally Gpok and Fhil Thompson; junior,
Russ Hardin.
Home Ec—sophomore,:Jane Nel son; juniors, Lois Caldwell
Mabel Vaughn.
Science — sophomores, Jeanne Crane and Lloyd Hammel; juniors, Jess Ault and Jack McKenzie. Pharmacy or PE—sophomore. Bill Deusterberg; junior, Ed Mingle, The list of candidates up for election is very small, and a goodly number of these are up for rc-clec-tion. Because some of the candidates are unopposed in their schools, they are automatically elected.
for the men in the armed forces, and has been here before to get do-
nations.
O’Ferrall In Charge
The blood donation here is under and the national jurisdiction of the Mobile Red Cross Unit, which has its headquarters in Indianapolis, and under the jurisdiction of J. Dwight O’Ferrall, manager of Blood Donor
Service, and his staff.
, The general qualifications which the donor must meet are as follows: That he must .he in good health, must be between the ages of 21 and 60 and can not be under a hundred pounds in weight. All students who meet these requirements are urged to contribute tb the Red Cross
Home Ec, Civil, PSE, Met, Chem and' fegRpmawere the leading offensive Science students on the; right hand; eleven, in the eqst, with a 327 yard iflno " per game rate .of advance.
'• .1. ' • J 1 j;'-,' ■ Rbw^FioMyth-
as one of his first records “Sleepy - dhifemeive; power, as one oi ms iiisr. lecorus oieepy the EE’s, ME’s. Pharmaciats,, . .? . ' . . , / Serenade”, which immediately hit^^^ pp n^,. jn ^ight tte top in record sales and led the^R^^^ Claude to other successes- such as- attendance of Engineering- -9PPOshion an .average his theme, “Snowfall”, which he' n',, . , ' of only . sue. first downs and 166.9
wrote himself.
Louie LoweTo Pkiy
the attendance of
School, senior^ and passports. wHi:
be needed to check themaanes. : 1 TheF^;iS';ap*:fejie;a.reakdPg fight Enter By G^te;.2v : / / in-.the;aiw:fQl^‘:dIi;the .basis.of"last. Affet pafediiig through gate No- aeaaoh’&^rfetferds-..the .game;, .will. 2.and around the track the seniors: mafeh ';th® -V?i^F’?/ mdaL effectiye
r f* J[ ft will: sit ip a-special'reser-yed sec-. _aeriplj,. attack,f.against the; nation’s
rOr vOfu’ I/9TI.C© ti'.on-V.-... : ■'fep'styeiffecti.ve A-warded to. the Civil. Engineering: seasdxi, -/thp; Rains completed 45' oL School; last- year, the :G. : A. Young fes^^etii^Fatfemtffs'-fefevan.' average' Trophy is- ^ill ih. their possession;; Be*^g^fedf RlAa^yards, -while; , : but inay: have to. be fprfeitediafeer 'tbe BPilermakers alloyved the oppo-
Returning'to the University four- the annpuncement of the. winner in sitioir.a tot^^pf but, 21 completions teen years after graduation, Louie Sunday’s Exponent. The .Engineer^ all seasdri. ■ ,:/ , . • / Lowe brings his orchestra to play ihg $chool -with the largest percent- A;.gpod d.eal of the Attention of for tomorrow night’s annual Cord' age.will be decided by;a committee-' the--Bpilelmiak'Prs-will- he'^^'focuss Dance. The dance wi^l be held in from Student Senate. . , See FOOTBALL, page. 3; • both, ballrooms of the Union from .- . f
Tomorrow In Union
tP: Cleve Jenkins fpr $8,000.
guish and identify pure red and pure
VT-wo Uiiiyersity fraternities, the gi-een objects. The new weight Relta.Xipsilons and the Sigma Ghis tables allow approximately 10 per each bought $500 worth of bonds cent variation either way from with the stipulation that Miss La- standard and the new teeth require-, ifipui send them a personally auto- n^ents are six properly placed good ^;aphed sarong. uppers and six properly placed good
■;/As a, prelude, to Dorothy Lamour’s lowers, appearance, rally - goers, shaking
VocatioFial Home JFc
Blood Bank.
J^aXrhers Will Meet Here Tomorrow
'mjlgh'fily in the unaccustomed cold, sp^. parades and exhibitions by fhpusands of students and townspeople who are either training foe ivar work or are giving of their time and energies for the war. - . ’’ The cast of last night’s performance included the University ROTC Cprps; West Lafayette, Jeff' High and University bands; a couple of thousand grade school students; PE students demonstrating calisthtiiic exercises and guerrilla warfare tactics; Zouaves; the Navy, and
i^any others.
Methodists To Hold /Services In CluM^^h
Juniors and seniors pursuing, technical and scientific courses may still be accepted under the ohl standards of lower vision, less teeth and^ more variation in weight. All juniors and seniors not pursuing technical or scientific courses will be required to pass the new stand-
ards.
Touchball Officials To Meet Monday
•Touchball officials are needed to work the fraternity games. Men who have had experience in officiating of any kind should report, pro- ' vjding they are. interested,, to room 104 in the Fieldhouse at 4:30 Moii-
.Due to dedication services, Sun- day. Sept. "28:, for a meeting. At day nioi'ning, church school will no,t this meeting the new rules will be be. held in the new Wesley Founda- explained. The officials will receive tion Building as.was previously an- 60c per game, and two officials will npunced: work each game, All those who are, ah Methodist students are urged interested but will not be able to to ^tton.d services gt the First Meth- attend the meeting, should leave oefi'at Church at the corner of Ghaun- their names at the Intramural Office cey’ ahd South Streets. in the Fieldhouse, or phone 2875.
Miss Wave Bb-yves of the division of educatiop and applied psychology, announces that the new teachers of vocational home economics fl’opi Tippecanoe and nearby counties will hold a district conference at the Upi'versity tomorrow. The program dealing' with wartinie teaching problems, will include talks by Miss Bowes; Pl’of. Murial. McFarland, acting dean of women; Ml'f. Jegnette Parvis-and Miss Ethel Lc’^is.of, the University staff’; IVfiss Kathlpep Jew.e,tt of tlie '^est ,L,afayette Jiygh sclipol staff; Miss Mary Ijqitman of Ambm, apd .Miss Mary MatHer' of Montaiorenci! Di'Scussioii Centers Dri Problems ' Homemaking teaching, in,secondary .schools in this area- will: be .discussed with special attention to problems which are encountered by new tegchei's. , , The conference is-, open for all home economics teachers from Tippecanoe, Benton,, White, Clinton, Cass, Montgomery, Hendricks,. Carroll, Booine;, Fountahv. and ; Warren counties. A similar meeting M'as Held last Tuesday at Valparaiso.
The War Council feels that any st.udent not in the armed forces has a fine opportunity to make a small coiriti'ibution to tlie war, ,effort. They alpp .mention that this js one- rpal chgnee for women students to do their part in the’ winning of this war, , , ,
8:30 t'o 11:30 p. m. arid the fegular price of $1.10 will prevail for juniors, soiihomores arid freshmeri. All senior ods .wearing their cqrds. will be admitted to the dance free of .charge, while senior coeds must present thPlr passports to gain ffee admission. , .•, :j
Come Out Of HAnnounce
.Sjgma:-Delia Chi membefs: finally ,
emerged from. iHberpation yester- -’'^^We'the coming of the revenoors.
Close Tomorrow
,Wiih the deadline fer entries in tlfe All-Campus, B’o’wling Tournament set for tomorrow, 17 teams have entered. The next seven teams tO; send in entries , will be accepted to- bring: the total up .to the ma'Xiippm numher of 24. . , .,The league this, year will be run op the sanie basis as last year. The contestants will be teams instead: of individuals. A team will consist of fiye members who will bowl against a fSecond team alternately on two alleys. Total team score will constitute the game scory for each tepm. , .The tournament will last a-nijn-iipum of 11 weeks,, and at the end of.; that time the four finalists will bpjthe two teams that have won the greatest number pf games in each of the two brackets.
(The -.backdrop dwill, be .blackiWith , -n- ' ‘
gold letters .spelling the name of day.^fernoon^and divulged not only
the dance and white numerals de- the latest election returns on the Leading the race'for “Queen of noting the year. “Queens of tjtve Sandbags,’’.who will;'theSandj.Rags'-' with her initial,
reign Over the Riveter’s Rassle next grant, o^i UU^'rinHlKori voters Chi 0,
D' f D nU'ir A'Hy’rrr L Friday but announced the names of Alice Cfiptfleldw A'S yet no one has PjTOT. Ki I nill|pS-.WI!L jpepK the (ni^t one, not two, but three) voted qgainst^Miss Chatfieid. Fol- ’ . ' bands, who will furnish the music lowing hpf in. prder are .Jeanne PatA't APO MCBtinO TUSSddV for the dance. riclt, witH . 999;OOOL votes;
First on the list of bands .^hn: will Petersoii, .9^,P99d^ .yotet;.. Burly
Professor R. Phillips, of the his- give forth next Friday ^ight is-that Rob Seeburger ^98i983 yotes (if the tory department will be guesf speak- famous and World-reknowned or- DU’s dqn't got Qi^^tHe ball and votfc er at the last open meeting to be'held: ganization, the Royal Swedish Ref- against him. Beautiful Hunk-of-this term by Alpha Phi OVnega. Phil- ugee Drum Corps. Known through- Man Burger may win this battle^^^
lips will speak .on the subject out the, country, for their stirring yet).
“America is Beautiful” Tuesday, martial refeahis, ■ the Drum Coivps Pritha Kumarappa,,995,981,votes night at 7:30 p. m. in room 304 of proniises something rieiy in (he; way (onr liltlk %)»«>; yh’-, the Union. All students interested of hot jive rhythms for the jaded' giiija Barson (Bust, 36 in.L 998,973 are invited to attend. feefe of the eds'and coeds of this votes;. Betty Ann.McCreery,;998,968 ‘ Alpha Phi Omega, national scout- campus. votes; Sis Wiley, 998,964 votes; ing and service honorary fraternity, Maury Mahnos ^and will also play. Dotty Dittman, 998,961 votes; Tillie is composed of former and active- WursfeToCome . Croll, .998,942 ..yotesi ^Ann scouts and scouters. The organiza- ■ Last?,-and.probably wurst, we have Pierce, 997,310 votes; Mary Lou tion engages ill’ various service tbrnFree Netherlands Wiener Wursfe- Sternberg, 996»401' votes; Ruth projects during the year in connecr Liberty: Band. It is hoped that the Frier, 995,286-vq): Ruth Wilcox, tion with the campus, the com- oldstime Free Netherlands tunos apd 99^238 votes; Mable Vaughn, 9^y- , ni,unity, anti scouting, besides offeis waltzes (any similarity to old Gfeiv 766; vdfeai Penny Pennington, 993ing its members fraternal com- man Band-vefe'ains entirely . edift-r 864. votes; Pat McLaughlin, 993,-: panionship on hikes and camping cidental) will brfhg back memories 861. wotee, Jeand Thompson,* trips. of the good old beer and pretzel days 992,316 votes.4% 3
pil
wwPWPPf^PiPiffPI!
] *! *1jfl ■- f
<’■>• '' tt.» i; *•
■I
-j-'ru'Tm
Page 2
Purdue Exponekt
K i t ^
Friday, September 25, 1942'
Purdue Exponent
Offices* idiforial and '6ii*ineii*i' Purdue Memorial Union* Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2702 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Fditnr-n Chief News Ed tor ■VinniK Tiff Editor *>por s Editor lies'! M^nacer L ed fid tor
John P. Awoi
Don rr
Brophr
John B Arfnttrone Robert L. HMIor
Keh Alli
CO Chatfleid
Publicetion Staff
Associate Editont , rd rrial S'aff H W Ochciltree A P Hunter W E’ Rafert i F Bi f* W G Hoskins R W BosWirikle K RotiUcmorc S 'Wolf > “^ii r s ontr D E Brewer J S Dawson D Shrjrer C t> a ds ' Lord Star Sal y Beall Charjotte Hoss Jean Lauer Elaine 1 1 ans
Busindtt Staff
C cd Bus ncs^ Manager Juba Martin. , \c \ f-'tis nfi ft anERcrs J M 'Wright D L Johnson J Pe\ty r rculation Manager G H 'KloUman \ c. unts Manager Tiena lorrenga iut lor { oed Man gers Ellen Clark Jane Kelm s
The Purdue Independent
E »■ n Chief ^nag ff Editor n s e ifanager Lot ' d icr Adstrtising Manager Arc uats Manager C rrUation Manager
Dare Barta Ed HuttiphrOy Elwin tVetbanm Roberta Kedkier Scott Drown George Paine Harold BOndHeke
Staff For This issue \ g t Editor Ochiltree Sports Editor Briwtr Da Ed tor Beall Issue Editor Tyson Reporters Richardson Spandet SchUtli Abhett Hardy Wilbur Winslon Cavlor VegK Porter Votmlllon Hudson ho 1 Hoy cs
Entered as occond class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Ind ana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and t the special rate of postage provided for in section lios act of October 3 1917 authorited JhnUary 20 1922 P 11 shed on Tuesday Thursday Friday ahd Sunday tnornihgS d r ng t) e ear Delivered locally by carrier for |1 76 for a om t r or $3 00 for two semesters by Wall for $2 00 for a sc r or $3 50 for two semdSterS sun cr s mester mailed subscription $1 60 , , % Rm esented for national advertising by Natwnal AdvertlS n Service Inc College PiibllshSts Representatives, 420 Uadison Ave New 'York N Y
Students!
Keep Out
Lieuf. Warren K. Carter
Lieut. R. M. Click
1(J tit st n( ol ii t b(^ of intna Nu
\
Cadet James D. Bridgewater
Band Exhibits
loimci btudent at the University, is now statiojitd at Pecob Army Air Force Basic Flying School, Peoob Icxdb Cadet Bridgewater, upon successful cc^npktion of basic flying training at Pecos Air Base will piocttd to an advanced flying school under the West Coast Air Base Tiaming Center Command
Snappy Formations
It’s loo bad about the hospitals m Lafayette Students aie not permitted to visit patients in hospitals because students would interfere with the serene routine Life should be morbid and quiet behind the stone walls so as not to make excitement for any patient A dozen stade its messing up the place during the day \ 0 V oe a 'Ol uf bother, too Mustn’t make bo^ ici jx citement in a public hospital It happens that last week one of the fellows in oui house was takefi to one of the local hospitals His home was far from Lafayette, and we w ent to visit him the next n^fe'ht. Inquiiing at the desk about hiS room number, ve weie told that students are not permitted to \ isit patients in the hospitals The University has passed a ruling forbidding students to visit patients in the hospitals The hospitals don’t like being bothered by students After all, the hospitals might refuse to take the University’s sick and then vc’d all have to die when we became ill. Mustn’t do anything that would make us all die We weren’t told over in the hospital that we would be too much bother to them We found that out after we talked to Doc Miller about the disgusting alfair Dpc muttered something about it also being used to keep fiom cariying diseases into the patient We had other ideas about that, though We thought about all the famous hospitals m the country that we could remember and there V asn’t one that resorted to such measures of not allowing patients to have visitors, to protect thpii health in oui friend’s case, practically all of those V ho w ould come to visit him were students Th for many students in the Univerjity, TOO Saying no students shall be visitors in the hospitals is the same as saying that students in the hospital are to have no toi‘If patients were at an advantage having no MSitors, we wouldn’t be beating the tin can now It’s hard to see, however, how a student ]>ing on a hard bed for over a week, recovering from an operation, enhircled by four nauseating walls, without even the relief of talking to a friend, is kt much of an advantage —r w b
Britain At War
Personal Notes
has 1 epoi ted for duty at the Army Air Force's hkxible Gunnery School at Tyndall Field, Texas I if-ut Carter enteied the University m September, and withdrew m June, 1940
hai leported to Pine Camp, N Y, for a new A inn assignment after a short visit here Click,
1 at Ft Sill, Okla, is a graduate II chemical engineenng and a mem
Lieut. R. R. Scobee giaduate of the Univeisity, and Elizabeth Breeding of Edinbuig were married Septembei IJ at the biide’s home Lieut Scobee, who was foimerly attached to the expeiimental station at Wiight Field, Dayton, Ohio, aftei his giaduation last May, has been ordeied to Maxwell Field, Alabama, foi flight training
GRIN AND BEAR IT By Liclity ]Spy High
By Jim Gross Yesterday, I had this season’s first glimpse of the Purdue Military Band One hundred sixty-five stiong they s-w^ung down the stieet to the rhythm of martial iRusid I followet^ them to their piactice field, and saw thhm go through a snappy routine of intricate foTmations Each man walked with the pude of a drum major Seeing this band brought to mind a bit of its his tqty One of the first college bands, it began in the eighteen nineties with a handfull of musicians It built itself up, and in 1910, with scaicely 60 members it presented the first letter formations ever given on the football field The next innovation of this band was a huge bass drum, one of the largest m the woild The hides of two of the largest and finest cattle in South Ameiica were used for this drum Not satisfied with introducing formations at foot ball games, it added a new twist to it At a night game a few yeais ago, it demonstrated the first lighted band foimations With instruments and caps outlined m lights, it again set the pace for other bands Lately, another l^rst has been added to the Puidue Military Band The fiist band to use the glockenspiel, ah instrument with clear, bell like tones it now has the largest glockenspiel section of any band in the country Because of this gieat work, the Purdue Military Band IS recognized as one of the finest college bands in the countiy Many times it has won the prize as the outstanding band of the Kentucky Derby The neWspapeTs call it the “All American Band” If you would look behind scenes you would find a stlictly military organization, lun by student offi cers Every fieshman begins as a private and has the opportunity to work himself up m rank, until, one day, he is giving the orders No article about the band would be complete without mentioning Piofessoi P S Emiick The guiding genius behind this organization, he has led the band Since 1906 The organization and development of the designs now displayed by all college bands on the gridiron is largely due to his work and inventiveness Still working haid, he is putting out, this year, a better band than ever before This Saturday the 1942 43 Puidue Military Band will be on hand for a half time show Puidue stu dents and football fans will see a brilliant sequence of patriotic salutes to the armed forces of the U S togethei with then respective songs
Bruce Artz a student at the Univeisity, was married to Ann Stellman, former student of Syracuse Univer sity, at the Theta Xi fiateniity house last Saturday afternoon Barbaia Lupton was maid of honor, and Jjm Karn was best man at the wedding which v/as attended by the entire chapter and was followed by a dinner given m the couple’s honoi Both Aitz and his wife, who is a member of Gamma Phi Beta soior ity, aie formei residents of Syiacuse New Yoik
‘Town hall needs a new roof all right, but how we gonna raise the money when they ain’t no speeders to fine
University Calendar Friday, September 25
8 30PM Dance—Claude Thornhill Orch Both Ballrooms, Union
Saturday, September 26
By “Buck” Jones Eudolph whistled cheei fully back to the buds as he walked along enjoying the autumnal beauties arhund him He told himself that he had every light to be happy Was he not one of the very finest saboteui spy combinations that Hit lei had sent to Ameiica’ Fuither m6ie, his forged papeis were m pep feet Older and he spoke better “American” than most natives in this Indiana college town Rudolph smiled about all this as he helped himself toward the bus line with little mental hack pats His fetlow agents had done then work well The aluminum plant, vital to U S war production had been com plptely mined with a powerful ex plosive Rudolph, with the secret detonating device was on his way to make the coup de giace before the explosives weie discovered Waiting at the cornel in West Lafayette for the bus to take him to the plant, Rudolph was startled at a newsboy’s ciy “Extiv' Extiy' Spy ling rounded up in Lafayette' No signs of sabotage found yet ” “Ach, those stupid schwein,” said Rudolph of his compatiiots, “but there is still time to complete the job ” The newsie yelled an “Eveiybody be on lookout for spies in Lafayette and West Lafayette ” “Theie’s one now, let’s get him, fellows'” shouted a lad to the gioup following him Rudolph looked up at the mob who weie now running toward him The spy turned and ran As he zoomed down the hill and acioss a rough field he thought, “How did they know ” He gripped his little
suitcase tha^ contained tlpCj highly explosive datonatop No use to to hide any evidence If they fohnd that, he’d be convicted suie. Just a few more blocks and he would be able to hide m the woods he waff running for Rudolph’s foot struck a stump, he and the suitcase hit the ground and the agent of the Germah Reich was blasted into atoms ^ The pursuer's halted aghast^at thff explosion, looked at each other ha they pushed hack their Iittlte green hats and slowly pocketed their' safety razois One small chap looked disappointedly at a Wisp of smoke, fofifiehy^ Rudy, that spiralled upwards “Gee, he commented, some guys’ll dp anything to gyp us out of a mouataehffi”
8 00AM Vocational H E Teachers 2 30 P M Football—Foidliam 8 30 P M Dance
Room 303, Union Ross Ade Stadium Both Ballrooms Union
MARS
Starting Tomorrow
. IT’S DOT OF THIS -3 W0R10...AHDIIIT0
TOOH HEHRT!
The Nation’s # I Band In the Year’s 41 Musical Romance!
ieorge Monfgote Ann Ruthormil with GLENN MILLER MID HIS UHD
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
In the Battle of Biitain the Biitish inflicted the fiist defeat upon the Nazi war machine and de stroyed 2,376 enemy airciaft in less than three months This was over three times the number of planes lost by the British The following year aftei the fall of France the RAF made ovei one thousand five hundred raids ovpr Geimany and occupied countiies On these raids twenty thousand tons of bombs weie diopped in the SIX months fiom April to October, 1941 In the daylight sweeps over the Continent of Eu rope m the first half of 1942, the RAF destroyed enough Axis planes to make up 16 complete squad rons The Bombei Command of the RAF has been hammeiing at all the key points in Axis controlled Europe with such sOrious effects that a large number of cities have been senously crippled The colossal lajds on Cologne, Biemen and Essen, the home of the Krupp Munition Works, have sup phmented smaller laids on Berlin, Milan, the Skoda woiks in Czechoslovakia, the Renault plant at Pans, Hamburg, Rostock, Leubeck, Ausburg, and hundieds of othei vital pioduction centers and transportation points
feiriti
TODAY - SATURDAY -DOUBLE FEATURE —
Guns Blaze in a BatHc to the Death When Gangsters Muscle ir on Romance! BULLET SCARS with REGIS TOOMEY ADELLE LONGMIRE
-PLUS-
New Laughs—-Romance and MusTe! THE FARMERS DAUGHTER with » MARTHA RAYE CHARLIE RUGGLES
MiDNBTE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:15 P.M.
She's Bewitching! Thrilling and Exciting! in a Back to Nature Romance!
ANN CORIO BUSTER CRABBE
JUNGLE SIREN
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
HAL ROACH prattnl*
1?
K.-'itfDuiiff mm IN 1-2 eWrifiS'
LATEST "PATHE NEWS”
-TODAY - TOMOROW—
but they’ve
got a hatful of
surprises and ^ tummy-loughs I
What a situation when Stan and Ollte get mixed up with magic, murder and mirth'
STAH OifViR LAUREL*HARDY
ffndOANTIJHE MAmiAN
Ryan • John Sheiion ..ion Costello •Elisha Cook, Jr
QlaudiL JkomhilL
ON RECORDS AT THE RECORD SPOT
Get These Rccot dings • Be Careful, It’s My Heart • Lullaby of the Rain • Autumn Nocturne • Where Has My Little Dog Gone? • Somebody Else Is Taking My Place • Miss You • Snow Fall '' • Paradise
PURDUE BCCK^SIPPIY STORE
308-40 tTATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ
SouthwortKs
0 f
t*
(J( t
«>
September 2S, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
IWe
pO!rts Communique By Bob Hadley
S Watch These Boys Go!
fordham Signal Caller
, iToitooi'row the big day thftt is going to answei a lot of questions in sjietts world, particularly that geogiaphicql portion ^known as the Tbh. ilJtost of the Western Conference teams swing into action,
^IthoP^h tiOWe fade conference foes
? Bojine of the biggest questions puzzling football fans are going „ to be ditawered right out in Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow afternoon ('^^hbh the Boilernthkers take the field against the Fordham Rams 'St’he tehfil that sports writers have been fighting shy of committing f thefmkelves about polished off their attack with a stuff drill yester-
> d(ay that bode no good for any opponents.
^^liow will they perform against really tough opposition’ Will the iiiie crack the l^oidbam foiwaid ■^al las they have the lesser lesistance pUtj'bp by their opponents on the last 2 Satuidays ’ Will the interference tdtifi and drive the way it does m football theory’ No one can tell > One thing is certain, though—one of the best sets of coaches in the ^^hme has been doing the utmost to prepare a gang of the best<hpirited footballers seen hereabouts in years in a few short weeks a m|ir4erotis'^schedule. The Boilermakers this year are really full of are going to be pretty disappointed if the acorebli^rd doesfi’t read about 20-14 in the Riveters’ favor when the smoke
^l^ears tomorrow.
thing that will put about the last 13 points on the Boilermakers aqbife will be the part played by the fans It is going to take a lot of ^ ai^n’^t in the stands to keep the men on the scoieboaid busy m the right bd8i|iess, and tonight at the Pep Session is a good time for the BoilerIrfhkers who^ill be m theie backing the team fiom the sidelines and the
stands to get m a httle pre-game practice
« Owing to the possibilities of inclement weather, not more than about fi,400 stfidents are expected to attend the session tonight, but ‘that nOniber is cited as a bare minimum, and even with only that many, it should be possible for Cheerleader Bruce Adams to get Sdme chears rolling that ought to echo down to Bloomington
Leugo To Captain Boilermaker i^leren
With an array bf some of the fastest and most deceptive backfield men that the Rivetei rooters have peen m a long time, the Boilermaker line-up will match wits with the pass offensive one of the Fordham Rams The Riveter probable starting hne-
iLookihg hround the Big Ten we find that the Northwestern Wildcats up will consist of Bill Buffington at
are donnihg their pretty white uniforms and sallying foith to meet Lt Cok Bicrmah’s loiVa Cadets The Wildcats have some good backs in Otto Orahdm and oBn Buffmire, but the Sea Hawks are too tough We’ll
tdk^ the Sj^lors
j^Mkhigan k meeting the Great Lakes contingent tomorrow. Michigan, as usual, IS rated in the Biggest Four of the Big Ten However, id apite of the fact that we are in the Army, we’ll take the Sailors
al^ain. are juniors As one of the Riveter Il^diana is playing Butlei Even a Boilermaker would pick the Hoosieis fullbacks two years ago, Buffington oh that one, but we don’t have to hope we’re right Iowa meets Nebraska showed plenty df defensive ability and^ will probably lose Ohio State meets Fort Knox and nobody knows and he is back this year with more a I«t about the strength of either Just a minute It’s heads Ohio State of the same after being out last year
“Captain” is the that has been conferred on senlOT *Alex Leugo, for the first home game of the season against the Fordham Rams tomorrow afternoon. The Boilermakers have not formally elected a captain for the 1942 season, consequently. Coach Bumham will select one before every game
fullback, John Andretich and Ken- with an injury Bill mainly, Ispeneth Smock at halfbacks, and either cializds m blocking and catching Bob Hajzyk or Rocky Snyder at a few heaves of the Riveter passers quarterback '' One of the halfback position^ vi^ll
Bill Buffington is the only senior be taken care of by John Andretich defensive ability in the starting line-up if Snyder does who played in the fullback slot last hails from not start, while the remaining ones year, alternating with the Chicago -where he was captain of one of Paul
Bears’ John Petty Johnny is also Brown’s teams, is given credit for good for defensive ability in back- being one of the brainier men on the ing up the line Rocky specializes mainly m Kenny Smock, the other probable (Jnve as he goes up toward the line starting halfback, hails from Short- i. n , „ T , , , , Other backfield men who will ridge of Indianapolis and is known i i i . , . „ more than likely see action before
PLHDIJE:
GIVE FOHDHAM
THAT BOILERMAKER PUNCH! Compliments of
416 MAIN
DECKER’S
416 MAIN
for his speedy running, especially in an open field Last season Kenny was out a great deal because of a knee injury, but he appears in good shape for this year Besides running, Smock can be depended upon
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Bonk Store Across From Unioo Rod*’ Sammons *29 “Doc** Epplo *40
the last whistle blows will be the upperclassmen Cycenas, Chester, Berto, and Cook Sophomores that will see action are Andy Berkely and Henry Stiam
Sports Staff There will be a meeting of all the Exponent Sports staff in the Pieldhouse at 4 p m Monday afternoon. —HADLEY
^l^uthworth’s
RAMS
CHEER FOR ICTORY « 4 for the BOILERMAKERS OVER FORDHAM PlRniEeOOK&SlIFPLYnCIlE
JaluL a, KODAK alom^ BRING BACK YOUR SHARE OF GOOD SNAPSHOTS THE EASIEST WAY • ALL SIZES • ROLLS, PACKS • CUT FILM STOP IN FOR YOUR FAVORITE FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP
Opposite Uni4ti Bldg.
West Lafayette
30B-IO JTATE'^tTREEI WEST LAFAYETTE IND
SAVE TIME-SAVE MONEY RIDE THE BUSSES to Downtown Lafayette LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO
{i. / „>
to do some of the passing
s Bob Hajzyk and Rocky Snyder have been battling all during their pre-season workouts to see who would start the first contest Hajzyk, who will most likely start Saturday, will do most of the kick ing He also can do a speedy job of 1 unning and is tough at blocking and
Snyder, the boy Massilon, Ohio,
for tomorrow afternoon will be Jim Hearn Hearn is a senior from New Brunswick, New Jersey, having won his major letter in footbaU last season Although Mr Hearn sports a practically American name, he has been able to wiggle himself in among the Yablonski’s, Yucksanovich’s, Filipowicz’s, Ososki’s, etc, all of whom occupy major berths on the Fordham team One of the mam reasons for Hearn’s presence on the first string is his ability in the speed and blocking departments James is 22 years old, 5 ft, 10 in , tall and weighs 170 pounds, all of which sounds like a perfect specimen Getting back to the Rams, Hearn will be seen in jersey No23 tomorrow.
Football
(Continued from page 1) on stopping Steve Fihpowicz, Fordham’s nominee for All-American honois at fullback, an ace passer and bull-like runnei * Coach Elmer Bumham has made no seciet of the fact that he doesn’t know what to expect against the Rams “If we can make a good showing, it will be encouraging,” says the non committal new Boilei maker mentor The Boilermakers will blossom foith with a new shoit punt forma tion that places a premium on speed and deception In the debut of the new attack, Burnham has indicated that he will depend largely on vet eians with the single exception of Dick Baiwegen, promising haid blocking sophomoie Fiom the standpoint of the spec tators, considerable color will be added to the 1942 opener by the appearance of the 165 piece Military Band
IM Schedules The following Ward softball games will be played Friday evening, §ept 25, at 5416 Diamond 1 Owen House vs Chauncey 2 Waid 6 vs Westminster 3 Ward 10 vs Ward 24 4 Waid 12 vs Circle Pines 5 Roachdale vs Bivouac 6 Mai wood vs Inteimaiional
The following Cary Hall Touchball games will be played Friday evening, Sept 25 j Field ^ Umpire 1 Unit 2 vs Unit 5 / Bussing 2 Unit 3 vs Unit 6 / Shook 3 Unit 4 vs Unit 7 Musselman
The following Junior-Senior Tennis Singles matches will be played Monday evening. Sept 28, at 4 15 Couit " 71 A J Herimann vs L Holtzman 18 C Chiistensen vs M Shweig
FANS!
We mend the shoes that Patriotic Americans walk on.
Bossung Shoe Repair
221 State, West Lafayette
Senior Day
PURRUE for the Best in Foothall Teams EDGEHTOrS for the Best in Hardware Supplies Edgerton Hardware E. W. VanMeter, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette‘ fffi
1 ^ '_ ' •J’- i±LlL^ ^ Purdue Ej^anmt
Friddyi 'Sepm^r^M'tM,
Siitnson
' (Gdnlii^iied from page 1) befen issued: frotti time to time -which relbte to college students in these fleldh essential to the war effort. I new 're'^anphasize the fact that where students in these fields and their teachers fall within the classifications for deferment by the provisions of these bulletins they are doing the job their country wants th^m to do and are performing their full duty in the war effort. Young men who have joined the Army Enlisted Reserve or who now enlist in it, should proceed with their studies until they are called to active duty. When they are called, the Army will utilize for their further training such facilities of its own as it may have or of the colleges as it deems best to meet military requirements as they then exist. The intervening time will afford a period of adjustment, and for the formulation of plans for such additional specific training as seems indicated. These plans, which -vyill probably include a modification of the college ROTC courses, are now under study. When they are completed, the committee of educators appointed by the American Council on Education will be fully informed, and consulted as to the details of their appli-
cation.
Rotary International, Appoints E.R. Johnson Ed R. Johnson, ’04, has been appointed chairman of the Finance Committee of Rotary International by Fernando Carbajal of Lima, Peru, president of that organization. He will serve in this capacity until next June when Rotary International will hold its 34th annual convention in Philadelphia. Johnson is a director of the Norfolk and Western Railway Company and is a member of Phi Delta Theta. He is past president of the Rotary club of Roanoke. <y"" - 5 ■-
Champion Steer
Concludes Exhibitions Loyal Alumnus IV, champion steer bred and shown by the University, will conclude his nationwide tour with appearances in Peru, and Marion, Ohio, Wednesday and
Thursday of next week.
The steer which won the grand championship at the International Livestock Exposition last December has been purchased by the Firestone Tire and Rubber Co., and has been on tour of the nation since last January. He began his public exhibitions by appearing in the Music Hall during the University Agricultural Conference. The purpose of his tour has been to illustrate the desirable type of beef production.
Notices
ReRislrntlDn Workci-s: Students who worked for the reffistrar durinsr fall term registration may obtain thoir checks by calling at the registrar's oifioe. —STOfifte I English and Speech Conditional' Exams: K\aminatiOns for the removal-oftcpndltions in English and $peech ^ will be given on Saturday afternoon, October 10, from 1 to 4, in Room 201, University Hall. Removal-of-condition cards, obtainable at the English Office, should be properly filled out and the $2.00 fee paid prfor tO the examination, —CREEK
PATRONIZte EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Chemtstry 3 and 4: Examinations for removal of condition^ will bc offcre^^gitgn-
her 26, at 1:00 p mi
Classified Ads
Wanted—Student with experience in radio service work with time available act as shop assistant. Phone 4900. Foster Shop Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gunst luggage, typewriters. Albert’s I<oan Offipe^ 407 Columbia. Typewriteri^Addlng Macnines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mime* ograph work done. C. J. Ebcrsfaoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779, Will pay cash for any old or new used bicycles Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern Columbia. Lost—Liberty bicycle Left Sept. 10 in front of Cary Hall Southwest. Phone 8421 Reward, Leroy Ruck. Carrier Wanted—Apply at Exponent office or phone 3053. Ask for Klouman. Lost—September 22, wine and black figured Parker pen No identification. Call 2127. Gloria Specht Reward. Lost—A pink necklace Lost Tuesday afternoon Call 2217 Reward Wanted—Boys to work banquets. Apply in Union Cafeteria. Lost—Red revel sible jacket with “A H. S ” high school insignia. Reward. Phone 71314. Lost—Two raincoats at Avalon. Please leturn. Reward Call 7242. "Jack". Lost—Green striped lifetime Parker pen Engiaved Julia S. Jones Phone 5031. Reward
DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayette
• DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH’S
/
Best of Luck
AMERICAN LAUNDRY * CLEANERS
' CtO-
ZmiN...$B.75
The nonchalhncc eollege men look for ... an English 8t>Ie knee-length Storm Coat . . . made of fine quality Piedmont gabardine, showerproofed hy Cravenelle. Talon fastener on- fly front. Slash pockets, railroad stitching bn cuffs and bottom, full iridescent rayon lining! Colors: light olive or bleached bone. Sizes 32 to 44-. Regulars, longs.
^UlUofLL Inc.
1 History, Gov. ann” ifeoh, ‘G* Removal': Examinations for the removal of conditions and infcofripletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will ha held on Sat., Oct. 10c at 1 p. iHj in room of the recitation building. Application must be made in advance. —ESTEY Juniors and Sophomores: There has been an increase in the quota for the Advanced Course ROTC. All students who have completed the basic course ROTC and who have three or four terms in the University and who desire advanced Military training see Capt. McMaken in the Armory for details. —McMAKEN Enlisted Reserve Corps! Juniors and seniors desiring to enter the Enlisied Reserve Corps are again reminded that the quota is limited and those desiring to enlist should apply in Room B4 in the basement of the Armory ns soon as possible. ' • - —GRAHAM
Military Depayment R^istlrntlbn Workers : Your cHccks nliay be obtainedfby calling at the supply office in the AYmory.
, i —BROWH
WAA Tennis: All interested in entering Tennis tournament should report three practices to the Head of Tennis by Friday.
—WENDELL
Removal of C and' L Grades in C.i E. dU: An examination for the reipdval of C and I gra’des will be held in room XZe of Heavi. Ion Hall from 1:80 to 4 :30 p. m. on Oct. 10. Permission to take the examination must be obtained from F. W. Grevc prior to Oct. 6. • —GREVE Physical Exam Workers:' students who worked during physical exams may get their checks by calling at the Student Health Service^ —BJlLLBRi M. H. AWS House Council: There will be a meeting of AWS Independent house representatives Monday, Sept. 28, at 4 p. m. in room 803 of the Union: Erections will -he hold at this time. —SERBAN
Pampurt Pictures: Any student who has not yet Had his identificatiorr photograph taken’ should report to room 2 in the Biology Building on Friday, September 2B, between the hours of 3 :00 and 4 :80 p. m. or on Saturday morning, September 26: between the hours of 10:00 and 12:00. —GOLDSMITH Pistol Team: The following listed students are requested to report for pistol team tryouts at 4 p. m. Sppt. 2ff; Ellifrit, W. E.; Boughan, R. B.; McGahey, R. V.; McMuri’Sy, J., Mason, J. G.; PhilHpp, R. C.; Ross, S. 'T.: Sutherland, D. R ; Weaver, H. ET
—BROWN
Camera Club: Locker assignments will be posted in the darkroom book at the west desk by Friday, Sept. 26. —TRUEBLOOD Camera Club: All loclKrs must be vacated or signed for by Thursday, Oct. 1. If not, they will bo opened to make room for active members. If you have a looker, be sure it is assigned to you in the darkroom book or call me, 35692. —TRUEBLOOD
PlaysHop Sorority Ticket Gomyifiic^l^ airmemhers ploasesrupurt il to me. Phone 3301.‘- —SIMPSpif . Pistol’Team:’Practldc will be heltli^f « p. m, pjonday, Septembel' 28, In the Armory^ in conjunction with tryputs for J>6W team members. , —BROWN,,^ Silver Mask: McetluZ jCilesday, Sept. 23i?, 1942, at 7:30 p. ■». ^ Gimlet Club: Pledges .should repjrt to the parking lots at 12:80i instead pf f’*® Saturday. ;4.j' -FRASER V Student Art Guild: Meeting, Tuesday At B p. m. in Room 86 of tpe Union. - , , , , —FELDER ' Purdue Christian Fou'ndAtion: Fridaij tvouing, after the pep session, otien ,boupe at 131 S. Grant Chplo lAnd enjov small group feilowshiil wilh'gaWth taWesi Reipain for just part or all of the evening, as yoif Wish. Hero's spontarteuua fup. . ' —REYNOLDS ’
First Aid
BUDGETS
DOBBS and LEE HATS Choose your hat from Lafayette’s largest and most complete stock and made by America’s finest hatters. We have the hat you’ll like in your size and price range. Prices start at $3.50.
☆
FINGERTIP (% length) COATS We mention % length because these well made coats by Monarch 8ir Ruby are cut plenty long to give you the protection you want in coats of this type. We have an extra large assortment to choose from in corduroy, corduroy reversibles, wools, and wool reversibles in tans, browns, blues, etc. Prices start at $6.95. SOCKS
MEN’S SHOES By Nunn-Bush, Edgerton and others in the latest styles and shades. Choose from our complete stock. Shoe as shown above priced from $5.65 up. „
4*
Ij^onaiT^
2^
We have plenty of short elastic top sox. But would'advise your early selection, sox can no longer be made' with elastic top. See our selection. Prices start at 45c (3 pair for $ 1.25)
G@nuin@ Can’t Bust ’Em Senior Cords Those cords cost you no more than inferior makes and qualities so why not make a safe investment and we’ll guarantee you much satisfaction. You Can’t Beat ’Em for $6.00. SWEATERS By Catalina 8e Rugby We believe our manufacturers outdid themselves this year in producing these beautiful sweaters. You are sure to find a sweater to please. As shown in sketch, $10.00; others, $2.50 up.
500 MAIN ST
\ ^
I
’ !
I f