the Purd
E
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, October 22, 1937
NUMBER 34
Butler To Address Second Convo On 'War Is A Racket' “Wap'Is a Eacket” will be the subject of the convocation address by Major General Smedley D. Butler, the Marine Corps’ outspoken and vigorous lecturer, next Tuesday evening at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium, sium. Butler’s long term of service on the battlefronts of both war and the lecture platform gives him first hand knowledge of the subject. This program will constitute the second convocation of the year, and is open to students upon presentation of their passports. He distinguished himself in the Spanish-American War as a 17-year old second lieutenant of the Marines. During the World War, he was a general in the United States Army. Since his retirement in 1931, Butler has devoted himself to the lecture platform and contributions to American periodicals. The one subject in which he is exceedingly interested is the study of wars and their causes.
S( Over Calumet Area On
on
Accompanied by seniors from the Rose Polytechnical Institute at Terre Haute, and the senior civil engineers from Notre Dame, the cord-wehrers in the University’s school of civil engineering will leave this morning at 7:30 o’clock foi Gary on an inspection trip, for the fii’st time a requirement for graduation After visiting the American Budge Company woiks at Gary, the gioup will travel to Chicago, where the city will supply them with a tug and a barge to facilitate their inspection of the Chicago Rivei bridges. Later in the day, they will vi-iit the sewage disposal plants in the Calumet district. ( Tomorrow, the engineers will visit the steel plants in Gary on their way home. They expect to be back by tomoirow evening.
Brink, Lowe Capture
Exponent, Health Service Launch Campaign To Clean Up Restaurants
Bert Brink won first place in the Beveridge and Hanley Speaking Contest last night in Duncan Lecture Room of the E. E. Building with his talk upon the subject, “An Economic Apprenticeship,” Second place went to Tim Lowe for his speech entitled, “Why Are We Here?” Don Sinish, placed third with a speech on “One Minute, Please.” Fourth place went to Stanley Middleton for his speech on the subject, “Buying a Job.” To the winner goes the Hays cup as a permanent possession, to the PIA goes the Ankeny cup for one year, and also the Beveridge Cup. Plans Made For FirstPIA Independent Night Plans have been made for the first Independent Night, sponsored by the Purdue Independent Association. Independent Night is for members of the PIA only, and will be held in the tower room of the Union on October 28. ^ Stellar Hall will provide the entertainment for the first half of the evening. Games will provide the entertainment for the rest of the evening. TKE Announces Pledging Tau Kappa Epsilon social fraternity announces the pledging of Harry Personnette, Bast Chicago, 111.
Varsity Show Tonight Featuring Pat Clinton and his orchestra, this evening’s Varsity Show, a weekly presentation of the Student Union, will offer a half hour of rhythm, songs, and skits. The program, in charge of Tom Garland, is to start at 7:30 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, and is open to the general public. Music and singing will constitute the major portion of tonight’s presentation, Pat and his boys starting the program with their theme, and Don Tam following up with the Selections, “Where or When,” and “So Rare.” The band will then play “Dark Eyes,” Floyd Pugh will sing “Lovely One” and “Ready For the River,” and Pat Clinton will present a skit of a biblical parody. Eve Ruth singing “You,” “No One,” and “Night and Day,” and “White Heat” by the orchestra will conclude the second program of the Varsity Show. Auditions will be heard every afternoon by appointment in the Union office. Those desiring to test their talents'should arrange for auditions m the near future, according to Tom Garland. lue Dads'Clubs To Meet This Week-End Although Dads’ Day is still a week off, organized Purdue Dads’ Clubs are not waiting until then to get together and talk over old times. This evening, the dads of Chicago are going to break the ice with their annual fall dinner. This Dads’ club boasts a membership of over 600 foimer Purdue students from the Chicago area. Headed by Judge John C. Clancy, the group will dine a,t Henrici’s where they will listen to an address to be given by President E. C. Elliott. Tomorrow, some 600 dads from an area within 40 miles of Indianapolis will carry on the festivities. Gathered at the Columbia Club, they will be addressed by Dr. John L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering and metallurgical engineering, and V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of the agricultural school.
Exponent On Sale At $2,75 For Year Exponent subscriptions for the remainder of the school year may now be obtained for $2.75—a 25 cent reduction from the original price — Milton Reeves, circulation manager of the paper announced last night. Subscriptions may be obtained either at the Exponent office in the Union Building or at the Lafayette office, and also at Deac’s, Southworth’s, or the Union desk. Harry S. Dixon Added To EE Staff As instructor Harry S.' Dixon has recently joined the staff of the school of electrical engineering and will serve as an instructor, taking the place of the late Edw^d E. Reynolds.
Exponent Staff Meeting All members of the editorial and co-ed staffs must meet in the Union office, Saturday, October 23, at 1:30 for a short session. Attendance is Compulsory. —BROCK.
Slate Food Inspector Sent After Students Report Contaminated Meat Poisoning By R. P. Manion Editor-In-Chief Launching the Exponent-Student Health Service drive to clean up Wgst Lafayette eating places, Inspector T. E. Sullivan, of the state bureau of food and drugs, briefly examined several restaurants near the campus yesterday. Sullivan warned the proprietors their establishments must meet state standards or he would take legal action against them when he returns in two or three weeks for a general sanitary inspection of both Lafayette and West Side restaurants, beer taverns, and other eating places. The campaign to clean up student patronized eatinghouses was instigated 10 days ago when four University students became ill with food infection caused from eating contaminated meat at a near-campus restaurant. All the students recovered, but only after suffering pain so intense Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, administered morphine injections to secure relief. Miller Calls In St’afe Inspector Dr. Miller then asked Dr. Verne K. Harvey, director of the State Board of Health, to send an inspector here for an investigation. Inspector Sullivan’s visit and warning yesterday resulted. In their combined drive to secure clean eating conditions for Purdue students, the Exponent and the Student Health Service are askihg students to report any observed violations of state standards regulating the sanitation of public eating places, to the office of either organization. State Rules Governing Sale Of Food Following are listed certain general rules of the state board of health regulating the production and sale of food: “Rule FD 24, Paragraph 1. Building and Room. No building or room shall be used as a hotel, kitchen, or dining-room, restaurant, cafe, or other public eating house which is not propertly constructed, well lighted and vefitilated, and which does not conform to the sanitary requirements set forth in the Sanitary Pood Law “Paragraph 2. Kitchen, Kitchen Equipment, Refrigerator, and Utensils. The kitchen shall be well lighted and ventilated, thoroughly screened against flies and kept clean and sanitary. All kitchen utensils shall be thoroughly washed in hot water, with soap or alkaline washing powder at least once a day. The kitchen floor shall be scrubbed with hot water and soap or washing powder at least once a day. Refrigerators shall be kept clean and shall be thoroughly cleaned with hot water and soap or washing powder at least twice each week.” * “Paragraph 3. A. Dishes, Glasses, Cups, and Eating Utensils. All dishes, glasses, cups, receptacles, implements, and utensils used in serving food or drink, shall be thoroughly cleaned and rendered free from injurious contamination after each separate use in accordance with the following procedure: “By being thoroughly washed in hot water with soap or alkaline washing powder, rinsed in fresh or running water, drained dry or dried and polished with a clean towel .... “Paragraph 4. Garbage. All garbage and waste organic or vegetable matter shall be kept in galvanized iron containers provided with close fitting tops. Garba^ cans shall be emptied and thoroughly cleaned daily. “Paragraph 6- Health Certificates. Section 8 of the Sanitary Food Law prohibits the employment of persons suffering from infectious or contagious diseases in all places where food is procured or sold. It is also illegal for a person suffering from disease to work in such places. All persons engaged in any way in handling, preparing, or serving food or drink shall furnish a medical certificate as required by the rules of the State Board of Health.”
For Clean Food Prepared In Clean Kitchens (An Editorial) The Exponent-Student Health Service drive to clean up student eating houses is not one of those quixotic campaigns to abolish just something which are so dearly loved by many college editors. We are determined to see that Purdue’s six thousand students may eat clean food prepared in clean kitchens—to eat in conditions not too far removed from those in their own homes. We assume that any restaurant proprietor realizes sanitation is an asset to his business and that he is ready to do his part in establishing more sanitary eating cbnditions. Proprietors who cooperate in this clean-up movement and who do not object to inspections of their esablishmente certainly will have nothing to hide. Perhaps inspections have been too infrequent and some of them have become a little too lax temporarily. A reminder now—and regular inspection hereafter—^may be all that is necessary for assuring clean eating places. And surely no one will deny University students the right to eat only clean food. /
Co-eds^ Eds Swap Roles In Tonight ^s Gold Digger Mixup By Pat Henry Bachelor’s one night of bliss, when he can be without responsibility, without money, without practically anything in fact, is here at last. Tonight he will revel in the spotlight, and at the same time make up for all the lost time. Co-eds are expected to arrive at fraternity houses and be met with shaving bowls, talcum powder, shaving lotion and many other articles necessary to the masculine toilette. The eds will trip down the stairs, probably one-half hour after the coeds have arrived, wearing original corsages. Some that are being sent are nosegays; vegetable bouquets; cigarette buttonieres, which will probably come in very handy—huge lollypop corsages and many others from vegetable, animal and mineral sources. After the co-ed has masterfully presented her ducat at the ballroom door, ske will turn over the dancing lead to her partner. Jimmy Cath cart and his orchestra from Indiana University, will take care of the time" between 9 o’clock and 12 o’clock; after that it’s up to the co-ed University Faculty
Union Offers 800 Dads' Day Tickets For Sale Monday At a special table in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building 800 Dads’ Day game 30-45 yard line tickets will be on sale beginning Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock. The ducats will be sold on a strictly cash basis; first come first served. Absolutely no tickets will be held, regardless of circumstances. Student Union officials procured these tickets for sale to students as a special service and will make no profit on the transaction. The price of these pasteboards will be $2.75, same price as quoted at the University ticket office. Any students who have not yet exchanged passport coupons for the tickets at the ticket office may for an additional charge of 25 cents procure seats in the Dads’ section at this desk Monday. However, these persons must use the regular student gate at the stadium. Judge Allen Urges Co-eds To Discard
■Essentials
In State Convention Approximately 25 members of the University faculty are taking part in the eighty-fourth annual session of the Indiana State Teachers’ Association at Indianapolis this week. Several of the staff members are officers in the various sections and associations, and others are scheduled to give addresses and lead discussions. Members Attending Following are those attending the annual meeting from the Univex--sity: Muriel G. McFarland, Harriet O’Shea, S. S. Cromer, G. E. Davis, 0. F. Hall, O. C. Trimble, R. R. Ryder, T. K. Noss, H. G| McComb, Ammon Swope, K. W. Kiltz, R. J. Greenly, H. W| Leonai-d, I. G. Morrison, and Ruth Schooler, all representing the University division of education and applied psychology. M. D, Steer and E. K. Jerome, of the speech department. Dr. Z. M. Smith, state dix'ector of vocational agriculture education and head of 4-H Club activities in Indiana. Dr. J. A. Estey, Dr. L. M. Sear$, and Prof. V. L. Albjerg, of the histox’y, ecnomics and government department. Floyd Eastwood, of the athletic department. Pi KAs Announce Pledging Pi Kappa Alpha social fratei'nity announces the^ pledging of M. S. Brown, Balboa, Canal Zone; W. P. Anthony, Princeton; R. W. Keital, Mt. Vernon; R. W. Walton, Mt. Vernon; W. A. Woods, Pi-inceton; and B. F. Johnson, Mex'om.
Faculty Meeting The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, October 25, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. —Edward C, Elliott, President.
“Discax’d non-essentials . . . make yourself grow to the fullest capacity,” Judge Florence E. Allen urged the 600 co-eds and visitors at the dinner concluding the second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities last night. The only woman judge of a federal circuit court pointed out that women like Carrie Chapman Catt, Lucy Stone, and Amelia Earhart have forced the way for women in all fields, that pioneers have taken much of the toughest part in gaining women’s right. “Women have used the ballot and can do more.” Preceding the main talk, WSGA President Betty Ann Stewart introduced Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, who introduced visiting deans and students from other colleges, and President E. C. Elliott, who gave a tribute to Amelia Earhart. Dorothy Martenet, chairman of WSGA vocational guidance committee, Martha Moorhead, her assistant, and Betty Jo Sexton, Peggy Hamilton, Loi'na McLeod, Ruth Hall, Mary Jean Light, Louise Schickler, Max'tha Wood, Vii’ginia Slocum, Althea Jorgeson, Sally McKee, Margaret Richey, Dorothea Justin, and Mary Alice Learning were acknowledged as a committee of woi'k for the conference. At the 17 discussions during the day, 1,776 girls were recorded as attending. The concensus of opinion among co-eds wa^ favorable toward the conferenqe, according to Dorothy Martenet. Lafayette Pofarians Name Five Students Assodates Five University foreign students were named as associate members of the Lafayette Rotary Club during the organization’s weekly luncheon, Tuesday, at Lincoln Lodge. The new members were introduced by Professor H. M. Baldwin, English advisor for students from other lands. The new University ‘ Rotarians are: Donald Bently and Wesley McElyea, of Canada; John Caraceiolo, of Gx*eece, president of the Cosmopolitan Club; Robex't Blandon, of Nicaraugua; and Joseph Korine, of Irak. ^ Symphony Missing Aline Marshall, Union bwwsing room libx'ax'ian in charg:e of the music room, reports that Cesar Pxanck’s “Symphony in D Minor” is missing from the musk library of recordings. She requests that any information concerning the missing album be reported to her or to other persons supervising the browsing room.
Li1
■i
gvl)
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# October 22, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
MEMBFR
P^gociatgd (^Uggiatc
.. ieAey*/iucaLi
HADI^
RBPRBSENTBD FOR NAflONAk- ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, !nc. College Pubhshers Representative 420 Madison Ave new York N Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Angeles - sah Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037
CampUB Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
BiiisinesB Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3 60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF R- ?• Mamon BUSINfiSS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Vance October 22, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Deckard
By Mary Cooley Piinceton freshmen placed Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes ahead of President Roosevelt as the greatest living American. This annual poll of the entering class, conducted by the Daily Princetonian, gave Hughes 70 votes, the President 56, and Henry Ford 30. Two hundred and five in the class expect a general world war within the next five years; 319 do not. On the smoking question, 315 do while 240 said they did not. There were 281 who said they drink, 261 do not, and 12 said “occasionally.” * » 3! * A contest to find a name for the barber shop is being conducted by a parlor on the campus of the University of New Mexico. One of the rules governing the contest states: “The winner may take out five dollars in trade at reasonable intervals, or, if he or she chooses, may bring the gang in for a mass set-up tonsorially.” * « * * Why do we flunk? Dr. L. L. Click, of the University of Texas, says there are two—^and only two— reasons why freshmen flunk out of college: 1. Either freshmen get too scared of their studies. 2. Or they don’t get scared enough and go to sleep. * 45 ^ Sheer irony—^freshmen at the University of Michigan are no longer required to wear “pots.” But the class of ’41 has donned them again in an effort to unify the class in order to win the class games from the sophomores. ^ * * * * ' Three himdred blurry-eyed, underslept Ohio State freshmen congregated in the men’s gymnasium upon a Wednesday morning, and waited and waited. They waited half an hour for the rest of their class to arrive for the freshman convocation. Then one of them looked at his program card to find the meeting was scheduled for 8 p. m.—^not 8 a. m. 31 * * The president of Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary society, agreed that flowers three times a year would do. She said she thought the boys were generous to come through with them that often. The few dissenting co-eds merely upheld their views by championing personal liberty and laissez faire in campus courtship. As expressed by one girl, “It’s all right with me to limit the corsages so long as they don’t try to tell us how many dates to have.” * * * * At Syracuse University they have—or rather had—a real fraternity man. In his enthusiasm for the life of a “Greek” he pledged and was initiated into two different organizations. Apparently the dual affiliation
met with complications, for both Alpha Sigma Phi and Sigma Phi Epsilon, the victims, found that he had brought them probation with the Interfraternity Council. Now the enthusiast, a tackle on the football squad, is concentrating his efforts on the gridiron again—minus two pins. Reduce Athletic Hazards Proposes Dr. Floyd Eastman One of the features of the meeting of the Indiana High School Coaches’ Association in Indianapolis yesterday was a discussion on reducing athletic hazards led by Dr. Floyd R. Eastman, associate professor of physical education here m the University. He pointed out that most of the accidents are directly associated with physical educational activities which are too frequently unsupervised. Grouping these accidents under three classes, he declared that surveys indicate 31 per cent of the accidents could be eliminated by leadership, 20 per cent by improving the equipment being used, and 49 per cent could be reduced only by the revision of existing rules of the various sports. For high school football ne rec ommended that boys under 15 years should not be allowed to compete in interschool activities. He also suggested that there should be at least three weeks of drills preceding any season. WBAA Plans Rebroadzast Of Illinois University Class Lectures, Programs Plans are being made to rebroadcast over WBAA programs originating in the classroom studios of WILL, University of Illinois radio station, Gilbert Dunbar Williams, director of programs for the local station announced yesterday. “Although nothing definite has been decided on in the way of program material or broadcast schedules, negotiations are in progress for classroom lectures similar in nature to those being broadcast over the Educational Broadcasting System and emanating on the local campus,” Williams stated. “However, with plans for this new series of broadcasts from WILL only in a formulative state, we hope to have completed final arrangements within the next few weeks.” At present, WBAA is presenting three series of programs over the EBS: the “You and Your Child” feature, the classroom lecture on American Institutions by Prof. Robert Phillips, and the discussions on Sociology, as conducted by Prof. T. K. Noss.
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee So often we find someone with whom we should like to speak briefly, in conversation of company with a third person and at such a time that it seems unlikely our friend will be free soon enough for us to have our acquaintance’s attention. When walking down the street we see our roommatfe with a friend, and know that there is a “special” from home in the room. What to do ? To interrupt just long enough to explain and then go is not only not impolite, it is the courteous thing to do. But never stop even briefly at such a meeting unless the message is very important or the friend is one whom you’ve not seen in a long time. In all events be brief. Dr. H. Hoskins To Address Veterinary Short Course Dr. H. Preston Hoskins, secretaryeditor of the Journal of the Ameri can Veterinary Medicine Association of Chicago, will address today’s attendance at the veterinarian short course. In addition, the conference will hear Dr. Sigfred M. Hauge, of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, discuss minerals in nutritions, and Dr. E. E. Van Lone will speak on hereditary factors in ani mal breeding. The annual banquet was held in the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m., after which motion pictures on wound healing were exhibited.
School Officials Attend Purdue Alumni luncheon President E. C. Elliott, with his assistant Professor F. C. Hockema, Etheridge Baugh, alumni secretary. Dr. O. P. Hall, of the education department, and Dr. Floyd Eastwood, of the physical education department, were in Indianapolis yesterday noon for a Purdue alumni luncheon. The luncheon was given in the Severin Hotel, for about 125 alumni. This annual meeting was held at the same time as the meeting of the Indiana State Teachers’ Association. WRH Coeds Entertain Dates WRH girls will entertain their dates at a formal dinner preceding the Gold Diggers’ dance tonight. Miss Ruth Hallsteine, residence hall secretary, announced the south hall girls have made reservations for 56 guests, while the north hall girls will escort 74 boys to dinner.
Thoughts while strolling through the Union lobby amidst the swarms of women vocational guiders , . .
Wonder if that woman photographer from New York left her audience in the dark room after her lecture . . . that Slye woman had a new version on the old nursery rhyme, three blind mice... her mice are numbered by the thousands and they all can see. They call the conference “Vocational Guidance and Opportunities” . it looks like the women came to the right place with Gold Diggers dance on tap tonight. With that five to one ratio of men to women very slightly impaired by the influx of freshman co-eds, there should be plenty of opportunity for women as smart as the delegates at this convention are supposed to be. Speaking of vocations. Gold Digging is one of the most frequent and lucrative ones practiced by the fair (?) sex ... we failed to notice a discussion leader speaking on gold digging at the conference .. . someone must have slipped up. Overheard in the Union lobby: “My dear, your talk was simply too divine. If I weren’t a scrub woman by profession, I’m sure I’d take up laboratory work . . . maybe I can anyway.” Wonder if any of the conferees were guided to Heavilon Hall . . . Slanguage contributions are pouring into the CAMPUSLANGUA<JE DEPT., INC. Don’t delay. Get your new words sent in before someone beats you to it. If enough contributions are received, B and B will publish a special souvenir dictionory of campus slanguage free to all its readers. Don’t forget that there are Mars double passes in the offing for the best contribs. Afterthought: They didn’t need a housing committee at the woman’s guidance conference . . .' a bunch of hens could find their way to roost without any help.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
October Value Days
TRENCH COATS $2.98 SWEATERS $2.98 SUEDE JACKETS $5.85 MACKINAWS $7.95 CORD COATS $6.48 GLOVES 98c up
c
ELI ABLE V.> LOTH INC
224 Main Street
Co
Victor Release
> 25685 FOGGY DAY IN LONDON THINGS ARE LOOKING UP NOW Hal Kemp’s Orchestra
• 25684 I SEE YOUR FACE BEFORE ME EVERYTHING Guy Lombardo and His Royal Canadians
• 25686 JUST ONCE IN A WHILE IF IT’S THE LAST THING I DO Tommy Dorsey and His Orchestra
»25681 I’D RATHER CALL YOU BABY OUR LOVE WAS MEANT TO BE “Fats” Waller and His Rhythm
McLean Music Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
‘You wanna trade blankets, Butch? I can’t sleep with the ‘Help Wanted’ page next to me—it itches!”
Catholic Students Parade To Vespers, Benediction All Catholic students in the University are invited by F. C. Schneider, publicity chairman, to participate in the Holy Name Rally October 31. Heading the rally will be a parade which will form at North and Ninth streets; from there the line of march will proceed to St. Mary’s Church for vesper and benediction service.
Touchball —Today— Field 1— Alpha Gamma Kho vs. Delta Chi—^Wallace. 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho—Boyer. 3— Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Phi—Billings. 4— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Pi Phi—Juillard. 5— Sigma Alph Mu vs. Pi Kappa Alpha—Kerber. 6— Acacia vs. Sigma Chi—^Troyer. 7— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi—Beck. 8— Beta Theta Pi vs. Beta Sigma Psi—Caparoso.
THE MOST itmmmmwi EXPLOIT EVER VENTORED! ^ The untold spy story of the great war!
si^vo*** Today — Saturday
LU^ TODAY - SATURDAY WE RE PUniNC ON THE RITZES' and Ihey'ie puHing on a riot I
Softball —Today— Diamond 4— Ward 11 vs. Ward 5. 5— Ward 10 Ys. Ward 4. 6— Ward lOX vs. Ward llA. 9—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Upsilon or Alpha Gamma Rho— Mangas and Igney, umpires.
ARC
Today — Tomorrow
Lmsuflnii •tarring V 1 eHJlRLES STA^ETT IRIS M?R f D I T H —«nd— JAMES DUNN in in “Mysterious Crossing” Pins “Robinson Crusoe^’ Serial SUNDAY — MONDAY “More Than a Secretary”
‘Jungle Princess”
Today — Saturday
2 First-Run Hits!
BOB LIVINGSTON —in— “Gun Smoke Ranch” —and— JUNE TRAVIS —in— “Over the Goal”
TODAY —- TOMORROW , DOUBLE FEATURE 'V. ■ i A Thrilling Romance ' of the South Seas!
—Plus— HOLLYWOOD ON PARADE
VIFriday, October 22, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
►
Phi Kappa Sigs Win Cross Cpuntry Run
Dolphins To Stage Water Carnival In Fieldhouse
Plans are now complete for the first annual Water Carnival, to be held in the new Fieldhouse pool on December 3 and 4. The carnival will be sponsored by the Dolphin Club, men’s swimming honorary, and will be the first major event to take place in the new pool. The two-day swimfest will present a large variety of aquatic entertainment. Although the final program has not yet been decided, the meet vrill be sure to include such events as water polo, races, diving, and several novelty numbers. Outside Stars The meet will not be restricted to home talent exclusively. The Dolphins hope to import some swimming stars from Chicago. Tentative arrangements have already been made to bring down Claudia Ekhart, famous girl diver, to give an exhibition. Another feature will be the choosing of a co-ed to serve as Carnival Queen. Bud Armstrong, president of the Dolphin Club, when asked how he thought the Carnival would be received, said, “I think it will go over big. These carnivals have been put on at some of the other Big Ten schools for several years, and they have always been very successful.”
Buckeyes, Wildcats To Clash In Big Ten Race Purdue’s grid squad will be idle this week-end, so Boilermaker fans will have a chance to look over the other Big Tdn schools and their prospects. Leading the pack to date are Minnesota, Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Northwestern. The first two mentioned each have been defeated one timd this year, but by teams not in the Big Ten, which doesn’t count in Big Ten compilation. Minnesota Has Open Date Minnesota, defeated by Nebraska, 14-9, has victories over Indiana and Michigan to its credit. This weekend is an open date for the Gophers, but the next four Saturdays they will meet Notre Dame, Iowa, Northwestern, and Wisconsin. Ohio State’s clash with Northwestern this Saturday will be a deciding battle for the Big Ten championship. The Buckeye’s lone Big Ten victory is that over the Boilermakers three weeks ago. The Purple have the scalps of Michigan and Purdue on their victory string, and will no doubt try to ajld that of Ohio State.
CANDY — CIGARETTES We have about 50 different candy bars and 14 brands of cigarettes for your selection. DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
Served quickly from two fast moving lines awaits you in The Union Cafeteria Economical, Spotlessly Clean, and with Variety to suit Every Taste JhL fijuJtdwL. WanufuaL 'lAmotL Corner of the Campu8-~Yet i' the Center of Activities
fielder’s choice
Bud Clevett, freshman Phi Psi pledge, won the inter-fraternity cross-country meet last night, but his teammates finished 47th and 48th . .. the Phi Kappa Sigma team won the meet with a total of 24 points .... W. M. White finished fifth R. B. Taylor sixth, and A. S. Minor 13th for the winners. , —^fc— Two of the class tennis tournaments have been completed ... Jap Powell won the freshman tourney . . . D. Blitz was the junior winner . . . the other two classes won’t be able to delay their tourney many more days before cold weather sets in in earnest. —^fc— We made a mistake in our fraternity softball statistics yesterday . . the Phi Delts played the Delta Chis last night and won 8-4 .. . the Alpha Gamma Rhbs defeated the DU frat 3-2 last night in a close game . . . the former team meets the Phi Kappa Sigs, and the winner of that game plays the Phi Delts in the finals ... we hear that not only is Anderson a good pitcher, but the Phi Delts did a perfect job, of fielding against the Delta Chis.'^ The cross-country team is the on-
Coach Maxwell Issues First Call For Boxers First call for boxers was announced last night by Coach “Punchy” Maxwell. He set the initial meeting for this afternoon at 4 o’clock at the south end of Memorial Gymnasium. All boking aspirants are invited to attend this meeting, beginners as well as experienced men. Since this afternoon’s meeting will be merely to get a list of names of the boxers, there will be no workout, so gym clothes will not be require^. The first of next week the experienced men will try out for the regular boxing squad. Beginners will be given instruction in a separate group.
ly varsity squad to see action this ebming Saturday . . . the team will drive down’ in cars early Saturday morning . . . they have hopes, but then Indiana is just about tops in both cross-country and track. —fc— We seem to have stuck our neck out yesterday when we suggested that the intramural referees carry the rules of the game with them . . of course the referee’s word is final but it still might save a lot of argument if he has the rules with him.
SATURDAY. OCTOBER 23
8:00 Sch'reyer, M. A.
9:66 Soo-Hoo, 'g.
10:00 Spencer, T. H. '■
8:06 Mason, E. S.
1(1:06 SpHler, J. E.
8:10 Rose, G. D.
10:10 Springman, G.
8:16 Rowland, J. F.
10:16 Stallard', O.' M.
8:20 Schaefer, L. C.
10:20 Stallings, W. K.
8:26 Radmacher, L. F.
10:26 Steelman, M. W.
8:30 Raftree, L. K.
10:30 Burch, Janice
8:36 Reiff, G. H.
10:36 Stewart, Elizabeth Ann
8:40 Reinhardt, H.
10:40 Stillman, Clarence
8:46 Reveal, W. S.
10:46 Stine, H. M.
8:60 Nicholas, S. H.
10:60 Stinebavigh, E. H.
8:56 Olsen, B.
■■ 10:66 Strait, John
9:00 Overbick, S. P.
11:00 Stubbs, Harrison
9:06 Parmelee, R. L.
11:06 Stacker, P. B.
9:10 Parsons, D. W.
11:10 Stutzman, Leray
9:16 Paul, S. B.
11:16 Smyth, J. R.
9:20 Pennell, R. S.
11:20 Stanish, E. S.
9:26 Phillips, J. E.
11:26 Stick, H. G.
9:80 Pasthumus, H.
11:30 Steinfeldt, W. M.
9 :36 Sheadel, J. M.
11:36 Shields, G. R.
9:40 Sheets, F. T.
11:40 Shinkle, W. H.
9:46 Slane, H. J.
11:46 Shively, W. T.
9:60 Small, J. W.
11:60 Steen, E. M.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deab) Reisner
NEWS! Belle-Sharmeer Gives You Over-The-Knee Stockings That FIT
Meet your new short skirts more than halfway ... with ovu: new Belle-Sharmeer Over-The-Knee Stockings! Th^’re so comfortable! And they really fit above and below your knees! No binding, slipping or wrinkling because they’re individually sized in width and length fot you. Ask for your regular Belle-Sharmeer leg size in these grand, self-gartered stockings. Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums, Duchess for tails. Here exclusively.
$1.00 a pair — 3 pair $2.85 THIEME & WAKGERIN CO 622-624-626 Main Street
Honfey in the bowl The “Yello-Bole” treatment—real honey in the bowl —gives this pipe a “well-hroken-in” taste immediately, AND impregnates the briarwood thoroughly as you smoke, so its wonderful flavor is preserved permanently. Special attachment gives fl) automatic free draft (2) double-action condensor.
$
1
YELLO-BOLE
Also "CARBURETOR" " STEMBITER ", " IMPERIAL" YEUO-BOIES, $1.29 B $1.90
Phi Gams Take 2nd Place In Interfraternity Contest Phi Kappa Sigma copped first place in the annual interfraternity cross country run held yesterday afternoon on Intramural Field. The Phi Gams nosed out the Beta Sigma Psis in a close fight for second place. The first man to cross the finish line was a Phi Psi, Bud Clevett. Bud, son of “Chief” Clevett, circled the two and onehalf mile course in 13:28.3.
Winning Team The winning Phi Kappa Sigma team was composed of White, who finished fifth; Taylor, who came in sixth; and Minor, who took thirteenth. Following Clevetf across the tape were Reeves, Phi Gam; Cummings, Beta; Fatout, Triangle; and White,
Phi Kappa Sigma. Out of the field of 69, all of the entrants finished the race. Reward «, The Phi Kappa Sigmas will receive a trophy and participation points for their efforts, and 22 other teams will receive participation points.
DEWENTER’S • Carry a complete line of all ARROW clothing. 416 Main
THE ARROW RODNEY (with two separate white collars)
Authenticity of style is easily recognized in the Rodney ... A new shirt with white cuffs and a white collar contrasted on a colored body. For town wear and semi-formal occasions. Mitoga-form-fit and Sanforized Shrunk. $2.50
ARROW SHIRTS and TIES
Buy ARROW ^hirts and Ties at GULLION’S West Lafayette '
Variety
stop in or telephone when you want finer quality bakery -goods for those special occasions.
Try any of our homemade baked goods any day of the week. We*re sure that you will be pleased.
Grave’s quauty Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. Lk'^’’
P^k: te;;: pS:'':
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 22, 1927
Dr.L M. Sears To Talk ■ .^1 ■ At Cosmopolitan Club “Possibilitie? for Cosmopolitaiiisni in the World Today” will be the topic of a speech tomorrow night by Dr. L. M. Sears, author and Univer.sity professor, at the meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club. The purpose of the club is to promote a feeling of friendship between individuals of different nationalities. The meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building at 7 o’clock October 22, and is open to the public. Applications for' membership will be taken before the meeting. All students and staff members are eligible. Following the meeting there will be an initiation for a group of new members. Dr. O'Shea Elected Head Of Social Conference Division Dr. Harriet E. O’Shea, University director of co-ed personnel service, has been elected chairman of the children’s division of the Indiana Conference on Social Work. As chaiiunan of the division concerned with children. Dr. O’Shea with the help of an executive committee of 12, will plan programs for the next annual meeting’ of the Indiana State Conference on Social Work. Dr. O’Shea also will become a member of the board of directors of the organization for the corning year. Faculty Men Write Mathematics Book “Mathematics and Life” is the title of a new book of “The Standard of Mathematics” series, written by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University division of education, J. W. Studebaker, commissioner of education at Washington, D. C., and G. M. Puch, formerly of the University of California. The book has been published by the Scott, Foresman Company. Dr. Knight has been editor for the Longmans, Green Company series of educational books, which are used widely throughout the country, for the last 12 years. The new book is the second of the' series and contains 500 pages. The series is designed for grades from one to ten. Gobble Eleded President Of Animal Husbandry Club The Animal Husbandry Club announces the election of officers for the following year: Lawrence Gobble, president; Chester Kessler, vice-president; Spencer Bogue, as treasurer; and James Mills, secretary.
N. Y. A. Workers Checks for period ending October 9 now available at cashier’s office. Executive Building. —Hollensbee.
Music Director A1 Stewart Appears Before Federation Albert P. Stewart, director of the University musical organizations, will speak todaj'^ at the seventh and ninth district of Federated Music Clubs which will be held at Greenwood. His subject will be “The Use and Development of Rural Music in Indiana.” In connection with his state work as music specialist for the University extension unit, he will organize a home economics chorus for SheU by county at Shelbyville, tonight and a similar group fcjr Marion county at Indianapolis /tomorrow morning. Stewart has been responsible for organizing home economics choruses in 90 counties since last March.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoflf, 605 Main street.
CATERESS—First class cook; caters to parties, week-end guests, and dinner parties. Phone 2882.
FOR RENT—Room for one boy, new single bed, $10. 456 Vine. Phone 3340.
LOST—1937 Garfield class ring. Return to Delta Chi house. Reward.
BUS SERVICE To and From South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport
(a)
via Traction from Peru.
Lines
4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus Company
and WIN 1,000 Philip Morris Cigarettes LAST WEEK’S WINNERS GRAND PRIZE1,000 PHILIP MORRIS Cigarettes H. W. Meyer—Phi Kappa Tau—West Lafayette, Karl Freese, Jr.—115 Waldron—West Lafayette. M. Scalzith—Phi Kappa Tau.—West Lafayette. Harold Cooke—113 Waldron Street—West Lafayette. OTHER WINNERS Graham Burke—Phi Kappa Tau—West Lafayette. F. S. Bremer—Phi Kappa Tau—516 Northwestern^—West Lafayette. F. L. Scully—Phi Kappa Tau—516 Northwestern—West Lafayette. W. J. Gillilan—Delta Tau Delta—West Lafayette. James Muedlhaiisen—308 North Street—Kappa Sig'ma—W. Lafayette. Emmet B. Johnson, Alpha Gamma Rho—West Lafayette. Walter P. Becker—130 Andrew Place—West Lafayette. C. W. Hamilton—Sigma Alpha Epsilon—West l,afayette. R. H. Rosen—212 Wiggins Street, West Lafayette. Walter H..Wpod—313 Union Clul>—West Lafayette. R. C. Petersen—Phi Kappa Tau—West Lafayette. R. E. Glos—^Delta Tau Delta—West Lafayette. Fred Davust—Delta Tau Delta—West Lafayette. James Cronk—405 State Street.—West Lafayette. Wayne Fredericks—115 Waldron—West Lafayette. Gene Adamec—202 Russell—West Lafayette. This Week's PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast is on:
Have you entered? Write your score, named and affiliation on back of a PHILIP MORRIS wrapper and deposit in Ballot Boxes at DEAC’S, SOUTHWORTH’S, BARTLETT’S, THE SWEET SHOP or at your fraternlly or aowrlty house. Contest rules posted at all above places. Pthal group prliies to fraternity, sorority and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAC’S.
Food Enthusiasts Journey To Virginia Dietetic Meet Representatives to the national Meeting of the American Dietetic Association being held at Richmond, Va., this week are Miss Edith Gamble, head of the department of Institutional management, and Dr. Cecelia Schuck, nutrition work head in the department of Poods and Nutrition. Dr. Ruth Darby, H. E. ’36, chief dietician of the Indiana University hospital in Indianapolis will also attend.
I Chi Epsilon: All pledges must pay their initiation fee to me by October 23. —SHEETS.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.i
Hockey Managers: L. Gabler, G. Walker, M. Campbell, and J. Bailey meet in WAA office October 22 at 5 p. m. —DOBSON.
WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have' eight practices. —DOBSON.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all members October 30, at 7 p. m. in room D of the Union Building. —BAALS.
Fraternity Athletic Managers: Return all cross country entry blanks to Intramural office by October 23. —CLEVETT.
Playshop Make-Up, Committee: Important meeting October 22 at 4 p, m. —GILLESPIE.
Co-ed Bowling: The women’s bowling tournament will be postponed until October 28 beca(use of Vocational Guidance Meeting. -COFFMAN.
ft Activities Bureau: Will all organizations who have not returned activity bureau questionnaires please do so by October 22. —JACOBSON.
Debate Managers : Meeting, 4 p. m. October 22, in room 301, University Hall. Bring cards. —PERRY. ,
PIA Dance Orchestra: Practice October 22 at 7 p. m,, in the Union tower room. —SHINN.
Union Sophomores: My committee report to the tower room at 4 p. m. October 22. Dress rehearsal. Important. —■GARLAND. ■
Union Sophomores: Our committees re-
port to the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October harper, mason, MILLHOLLAND, SAMUELSON. Union Sophomores: All available Union workers report to the Union office at 4 p. m. October 22 to work on Dads’ Day News. —GROSSMAN.
Jf
Student Senate: All committee chairmen meet in Senate office in the Union, October 22 at 4 p. m. —MON'TFORT.
WSGA Activities Committee: No interviews the •remainder of this week. Will all the members of my committee meet me October 26 at 4 p. m. in the office. --JONES. Engineering Staff: A meeting of all editorial staff members including sophomores and freshmen at the Purdue Engineer office on October 22 at 4 p. m. —BAALS.
Organizations and Activities: Will all organizations who have not returned activity bureau questionnaires please do so by October 22. —JACOBSON.
Cosmopolitan Club: Very important meeting October 22 at 7 p. m. In room A of the Union Building. Pledging of new members. \s —CARACCIOLO.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation October 24 at 8:30 a. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —ANDERSON.
University Choir: Compulsory rehearsal, 3 :30 p. m., October 23, in Eliza Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
POMM: Meeting in Armory at 4 p. m. October 25. All members and pledges must be present in uniform. . —SPRINGMAN.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Studeiit
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a CoUege Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Hardware —- EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
^ih J-hMAi Inc. 635 Main St. iii Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 — Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE ■ •; ■ ■ Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Furniture -— Student Equipment
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728^
ti
To Dinner and
99
Dance
“Jwo-JbmJil’ Inspired by Chanel for the College Girl $16 95
and other formals $10.95 to $19.75 Formal gown with dinner jacket . . . which gives it a dual role. Glittering fashions ... • VELVETS • CREPES • MOIRES • TAFFETAS • SATINS
“Sir, What Do You Mix Your Paints With?’She Asked. “Brains!” Said the Artist And that's what the wool in our Hart Schafiner & Marx suits and coat§ are mixed with — Brainsi Brains in creating the weaves and patterns Brains in designing the models Brains in handling the needles
Fall Styles
$30 to $38-50
Other Makes
$2200 to $3250 500 MAIN ST.
0m cmtmmopim.
yii
Girls CALL
Fo^A Yellow Cab To Take Him To Gold Diggers Phone 5023