l^ \ '■>1^^ ^/’ 1
RIVETERS SEEK
.500 Per Cent Mark
In Contest With Iowa Five
Established 1889
xfz(yiefii ® Keep ’Em Flying
./fix*,ilf'i/'. ' ^r " ^ j£
EDITORtAL WAMNS Against Spreading Of Rumors
Volume 55, No. 91
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, February 19, 15II4S
Mixer To Feature Lottery Dance To Honor Air Corps Reserve Tomorrow night’s mixer will introduce another new attraction in the varied war stamp sales campaign. All student buying war stamps at the dance will receive lottery stubs which will entitle the winner of the drawing to collect all the war stamps sold during the evening. The dance is in honor of those men leaving for active duty in the air corps and will be symbolized by a backdrop depicting- the army air corps emblem. During the past weeks new ideas have been introduced to make each succeeding dance ‘different.” At the beginning of the semester a contest was held at the second mixer to determine the couple with the greatest store of war stamps. Following this Bob Allen and his orchestra were the featui-e attraction for the usual mixer price. The next Saturday a cabaret style dance was held with tables and dance space arranged in the ballrooms to cany out this idea. The following week, another idea was introduced, in which Mauiy Mahn played his selection for the tl|fee most popular dance melodies of the week and a prize was given to the couple which made the same choice. Last week, being Valentine weekend, a dance was built around that idea with fiee passes being awarded to every twenty-fifth couple who gained admission. Maury Mahn will play for tomorrow’s mixer from 8:30 till 11:30.
DEBRIS PICTURES Today is positively the last day for graduates of August and December to have their Debris pictures taken. Come to Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union any time between 8:30 a. m. and 5 p. m. —RENTSCH
Attention Cadettes Tomorrow afternoon, between 1 and 2 o’clock, the Curtiss-Wright Cadettes in Wood Hall will have an opportunity to subscribe for the Exponent. The regular subscription price of .$1.75 a term has been cut to $1.00 for the Cadettes only, and has been made to give the Cadettes ap opportunity to become more acquainted with the University through the Exponent. Aptitude Tests Of Coeds Are Tabulated Technical training has become more important because of the war and, in order to obtain a measure of this type of ability, over oive thousand University women were given the Dapp Enginering and Science Aptitude Test on December 9. The scores obtained on this test were converted into peicentile scores m +erms of the University coeds and students entering science and engineering courses at Pennsylvania State College. When compared with the Pennsylvania students, the University women received higher percentiles on the average. In fact, ninety-one per cent of the University women exceeded the scores received by half of the Pennsylvania women. Encourage Technical Training As more tests similar to this are peifected, teachers will be better able to advise students as to the couises they should take. The correlation of this test is high, so those who received high percentiles have been encouraged to take science and engineering coui-ses. Training in these fields would mean that they might be able to take over many professional and technical lesponsibilities. Look - Coeds A date bureau for Curtiss-Wiight Cadettes this week-end' is being sponsored by the Associated Women Students. The dates are for Saturday night, Sunday afternoon or Sunday night. Cadettes and eds must icgister today for the names must be mixed and then matched Eds can sign up m the Caiy Hall post office.
Experiment Station Publishes Bulletins Of Agriculture Data
Staff' Makes Report
On Reed's Work Oick Cisne
Green Potters Will Crown Queen Tonight At Dance In Union Ballrooms
During the past year, the Agricultral Experiment Station has released many publications of interest to farmers and other educational institutions dealing with agriculture. Among these, there were 13 bulletins, 10 circulars, 14 crop and livestock reports, and many articles appearing in scientific jourpals. ^ The 13 bulletins published totaled 83,500 copies. They contained information concerning progress made in agricultural achievements in experiments made here. Improvements in farming methods were explained so that farms can increase their production to meet the demands of the war. Improvements Noticed Crop and livestock reports give graphic evidence of improvements. These are of interest to many people of the financial world as well as those directly engaged in fanning. There weie 92,500 copies of these published during this year, which elapsed between July, 1941, and July, 1942. The 54th annual report of the directors was of outstanding impoitance. It contains a summary of the work that was done in that year by the AES. Professor H. J. Reed, Dean of Agricultuie and Director of the AES, and Piofessor W. V. Lambert, associate director, collaborated in its editing work compiled by members of the stalf. National Importance Stalf membeis have had many ai tides in the outstanding scientific journals such as the Journal of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry, Botanical Gazette, Nation’s Agricultuie, and many others of equal importance. These reports, bulletins, and articles are believed to be helping the farmer of today in many ways. They teach him of the late developments of scientific farming, and do their pait in furthering the war elfo! t.
Dick Cisne's Orchestra To Preside Over Music In recognition of the freshmen, the annual Green Potters’ dance will be held tonight in both ballrooms of the Union. For the first time, the freshmen have elected a queen from the freshman coed body to reign over the occasion, and she will be crowned during the intermission. Both the coronation ceremony and the identity of the queen chosen and of her attendants will be kept secret until — —-
they are introduced in the
crowning ceremony.
The crown to be presented the queen will be a green freshman pot, decorated to befit the choice of the freshman class. The backdrop for the dance will represent Esquire and his lady dancing to the music of Dick Cisne and his orchestra. The band fronts will be figures of the significant pots and paddles, representative of the col-
lege freshman year.
Cisne Comes From Illinois Dick Cisne’s orchestia hate appeared on this campus several times before and is one of the best known campus bands in the mid-west. It is
New Rifle Team
Will Organize For Matches Prospects for an excellent rifle
team arose from a callout held in the Fieldhouse last Saturday. Of the men who were chosen for the squad, almost all with the exception of “Knobby” Walsh, the-found-er of the team, are freshmen and sophomores. Many of these men, were either captains of a team or outstanding marksmen on high
Will lead his orchestra at the Green PoUers' Dance tonight in the Union Building.
RATION firemen Hold
Students have through Saturday, Feb. 20, to get their War Ration Book 2. Book 1 must be shoWn to the ration board officials before Book 2 can be issued, and to get Book 3 in the future Book 2
must be shown.
from the University of Illinois, and eshool and community teams, the band has toured the country for pue to the efforts of “Knobby” the past few years, playing for en- and “Chief” Clevett, the team hk's gagements in the leading hotels of been able to secure a coach with the United States and broadcasting plenty of experience, C. B. Gildervery popular programs of his music, sleeve, the captain of the Tip^e-
Army, Navy Contracts
R. B. Stewart Tackles A Job
By Bob Boswinkle, Exponent News Editor Up to his neck in the war effort these days is University Controller R. B. Stewart. Mr. Stewart has the very fascinating job of acting as middle man between each of the various branches of the Army as well as between the Army and Navy itself, and approximately 500 American colleges which will train men from the armed services. R. B.’s specific job, as was pointed out to him a few weeks ago, was to consider everything there is to consider concerning the details which should go into contracts between the armed forces and the colleges which the Army and Navy will use to train their men. Stewart was given a week to do the job. Completes Job On Time Seven days passed and the job was completed. In that week’s time Stewart had boiled all the necessary regulations and stipulations into a written plan which was submitted on time. All the minute details effecting such items as the eating, sleeping, living and training of the men had been considered. A multitude of difficult questions kept coming up such as, for example, when Army or Navy men feceive instruction in the same building as I’egular students, how much of the heat needed for the building should be charged to the government. The government might say that the heat would be needed if its men weren’t there, but still thir men were receiving the benefit of heat and perhaps should pay for it. Problems Are Various Then there is the question of the swimming pool and the library. When civilians as well as stqdents in addition to the Army and Navy men use the facilities ,who is to know how much should justly be charged the government. Hundreds of special cases peculiar to one or two institutions presented themselves and some method of solution had to be made. Jpb Is A Big One And now R. B.’s job may be just beginning.
Last Saturday, Sunday and Monday he was in Chicago holding a training class in instructions for the negotiators of the Army-Navy contracts in the various schools that will be used. It is difficult to understand how Stewart can be free from government duty until the plan is in actual operation—and there is no assurance that his job will end when the plan does go into effect. A glance at Stewart’s titles would seem to indicate that he is an advisor deluxe. Since last August he has been one or all of Special Advisor to the Director of the O.ffice of Scientific Research and Development, Special Advisor to the Army Specialized Training Division, and Special Advisor to the Bureau of Naval Personnel. Travels Fast Along the more spectacular phases of Stewart’s work is his airpldne hops and overnight train trips to colleges all over the nation where he confers with officials administrating the Army-Navy plan in the colleges. Happy to be able to work out some sort of procedure with a man who really knows their problems, the college executives without exception cooperate fully in arranging terms for services they will render when Stewart shows them efficient ways to manage affairs. Rare Experiences Since last fall, Stewart has spent over 120 hours in the air, flying in a plane once when one of its engines quit functioning, and having been held up several times because of fog and bad weather. R. B.’s record is crossing the Rockies’^four times in one week, making trips three successive nights after the day’s works —to Oakland, to Salt Lake City, to San Francisco, to Chicago. However, in spite of the many miles involved between appointments, in spite of the many conflicting circumstances involved in touring the nation’s- colleges, Stewart missed only once in appearing for an appointment on the day it was scheduled.
Recreation To Take Place In Gym lonigM Mixed lecreation will be held tonight from 7:30 to 10 in the Women’s Gym, according to an announcement legeived last night iiom Libby Baughman, president of Sportswomen, who sponsors the entertainment. The first part of the evening until 9 will be devoted to basketball, ping pong, shuffle boaid, volley ball and other games. The lemainder of the evening will be taken up with social dancing. Theie is no admission charge, but rubber soled shoes will' be requiied. Sailors Beat
War Training
Conferences
Today at noon the teacher, trainer, and leadership conferences sponsored by the Fire Defense Section, Office of Civilian Defense, will end. The confeience, which began a week ago Monday, has been training twenty-eight firemen who will go back to their respective departments to train other firemen. The value of the course will depend entiiely upon what these men do in
their home departments.
Nine hours of work was with the chemical warfaie protection depaitment under Colonel Johnson. Heie they received information on incendiary bombs, gases, and panic
control.
Such conferences are held in connection with the State Vocational Board of Education and certain state universities. The school has been in charge of W. F. Heisler of Oklahoma A. & M.
Cisne is a piano player and directs
his band from his position at the piano. The familiar rh5rthm of his arrangements is very popular on college campuses, and the band is especially noted for its distinctive
and entertaining specialties. Dance hours will be from 8:30 un-
til 11:30 and the price of admission
will be the usual $1.10. HAIL, AULT WRITE
ARTICLE FOR MAGAZINE Appearing in the February issue of Machine Design is the first half of an article by A. S. Hall, instructor in Mechanical Engineering, and Prof. E. S. Ault, professor of Machine Design, entitled “How Acceleration Analysis Can Be Improved.” The secofd part of the article will appear in the March
issue of the magazine.
The articles were prompted by the need for bringing t6 light a principle in acceleration determina-
canoe County Rifle team. He will be able to work with the tea’m'over
the week-ends and evenings. An important meeting will be
held at 1:30 p. m. in room 165 of the Fieldhouse tomorrow in order to pick a permanent captain and-to more fully organize the team. The match will be fired following tiie meeting some time after 2:00 ]p. m.
To Compete With NU, Wisconsin ’ Wisconsin and Northwestern Uni-
versities are the challengers in this meet which will be carried on by
mail, as are most college rifle
meets. The ten highest men on the squad will fire at match;'however,
only the five highest scores will count. The public is invited to at-
tend the match, which will be the
first on this campus.
Kappa Beta
. . . Christian Church sorority, had its local convention Saturday afternoon and Sunday morning.
tions for machine parts. The second Margery Fay Cramer was the main part of the article, which should speaker at this convention. Twelve appear in March, applies the prin- new members were initiated Baturciples to the solution of various en- day evening and this was followed gineering problems and points out by a formal banquet and dance. AH the serious error involved in neg- members of the group then atlecting the Coriolis component. tended church Sunday morning.
Bugler's Call Chester And Mahle Observe 26th Year . . .
Instead of the usual bugle call which wakes all living persons every morning within earshot of Cary Hall quadi angle, this morning the stillness of eaily houis was broken by the resounding cheers of the sailor contingent. , The cause of the rumpus was brought out later by one of the navy men who said, “This is the first good news we have had in weeks, the lieutenant said we were bound to get some sometime, so I guess this lb it.” And this is it, the next contingent will hold giaduation coiemonies Monday night at which time the electiicians will leceive their latings. Prof. H. M. Jack!in .. . professor of Automotive Engineeiing, wms the piincipal speaker at the meeting of the Indiana section ol the Society of Automotive Engineeis held iii the Gold Room of the Hotel Antlcis. His talk wms on “The Rational Test of Motor Fuels”. The meeting was devoted ])iincipally to fuel testing. Faculty Notice To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, February 22, at 1 p. m., in the Hall of Music. Eduard C. Elliott,
Monsters Thrive On Campus
By Margaret Baynes Twenty-six years ago on September 22, 1917, Chester and Mable arrived from Phoenix, Arizona, to live in Stanley Coulter Hall and become specimens for the University. Chester and Mable, you see, are two pink-and-black plaid gila monsters. Ninteen inch, domineering Mable and eighteen inch, passive Chester used to roam the Biology laboratory as they pleased. However, too many coeds, glancing down from their microscopes, screamed and leaped upon tables at sight of the pair waddling down t”he aisle. The gila monsters even escaped from the laboratory now and then to journey up and down the halls. So Chester and Mable now live in a deep, sand-colored pasteboard box outside of Dr. Dunham’s office. < Eat Egg and Water Every Two Weeks Sent to the University by a former student, Fred Foster, of Oxford, Ind., Chester and Mahle live passively on raw egg and water administered every two weeks; they have grown little in the years they have been here. Mature on arrival, Mable has grown one-eighth of an inch since 1924 when she wus last placed on a yardstick; Chester grew three and threeeighths inches in about twenty years. They shed their skins pei’iodically, two or
three times a year. The skin, which is hairsh and tough, becomes faded; then when they emerge after a skin-shedding, it is once agaii^ a gay, gaudy pink-and-black pattern. Non-Poisonous Since the scientific name for gila monster is heloderma suspectum: heb, nailhead; derma, skin; suspectum, suspicion of poison, Chester and Mable were put through extensive tests when they came, to discover how poisonous they were. However, being away from their warm western climate and in the cool northern weather, they were inactive; therefore the tests proved negative. As a ffhal, although unplanned test, Mable bit Dr. Dunham’s finger. The biologists were now convinced that Chester and Mable were not poisonous. Named During First War Popular during the first World War was a book of letters from a rookie to his sweetheatti called “Dear Mable”. Students borrowed tlMs name and Christened the gila monster. Th^Xl from “Andy Gump”, the comic strip favorite of University students in those days, Chester received his name. Chester and Mahle are expected to . Eve many more years yet, so tell your grandchildren to look them up.wd'r Ipdite .
u
\ ii’ j
Purdue Exponent
Friday, Februaiy 19,
iT'"t
Purdue Exponent Offices: Ediforial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sporrs, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377 Hon'orarj' Kditor William (i. Hoskins With the Colors
Editor Bosinrss Manager News Editor..: Manaring Editor Seirior AdvertisinR Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor . Coed Business Eiecutive
Dale E. But* ..Gerhard H. Klouman ..Robert W. Boswinklc Sally Beall James G. Petty Joseph S, Dawson Jean Bauer A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Stull
A^eiate Editors : JT. .1. Vrfrli. .1. T. Richardson, T. L. Tilton, W. H, a'y.son. W, .1., W i-Tiiiii.m, M, L. Smith, C. C. Martindell, E, Murphy, Coed StalT: Phyllis M .i,!., Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens, f Sports Staff: C. So\var<ls, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R, Smith,
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J, I'ilpi. Advertising Managers: J, Floxon, C. Gntint, J. McCullough, J. Tahh. Circnlation Manager: R. H. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dills,
EdItor-in-Chief..
The Purdue Independent
..Bert Sauier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martlndcll Sports Editor: SOwards Day Editor: Riggs Issue Editor: Speck Workers; Mitchell, Goodonough, Gregory, Yargar,, B;:ynes, BurripUin. Fahnestock, Abbott, Richardson. W.stson, Dnminik.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana. tmddr. the act of Congrc.s.s of March tl, 18J9. and at the special rate of imstage provided for in section 1103, act of Octolxm 3, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thuoiday, Friilay- and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivcrorl locally hy carrier for $1.7.'> for a semester or $3.00 for two scmcslers ; hy mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.atl for two semo.sters. Represented for nalionni advertising liy National Advertising Service; Inc., Collegi* i’uhli.shcrs Repre.sentativffl, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Stop Rumors . . . During the la.st few months a variety of rumors have been originating on the campus and have been spreading with incredible swiftness to all parts of the University. Even in peace time rumors are rather common because someone is always passing on information that they have received from someone else without investigating the authenticity of the source. Although rumors, particularly ones which are untrue, are always dangerous, they are especially bad during war time. Although there are many examples of the thing about which we are writing, some of the most interestiifg rumors concern the ROTC and the Enlisted Reserves. Last fall when the new 105 howitzers were moved into the Armory, the report immediately circulated that the Army was going to take over the University in a couple of days. ROTC students had visions of being inducted into the Army and other students anticipated an early call. The rumor was without foundation as the howitzers are still being used to train ROTC cadets. The Enlisted Reserves are always a good source of conversation and hardly a day goes by but that someone starts a story circulating about the reserves being called to active duty. During the past week a rumor was widely distributed over the campus to the effect that several Enlisted Reservists in the School of Agriculture had been called to active duty. A quick check with the President’s office and the Dean of the School of Agriculture revealed that the rum ,.i absolutely unfounded at the present limL, . ^ These are only samples of the many rumors which are pas.sing daily from mouth to mouth among the students of the University. Although the rumors probably do not give vital information to the enemy, they certainly are not helpful to the war effort and to student morale. Fortunately some students are not perturbed by the rumors, but the great majority of the student body as well as some of the faculty are easily excited by what they hear and do not bother to check the accuracy or foundation of the statements., University officials, the faculty, the Exponent, and other student activities are continually besieged with telephone call.s from anxious students who are worried about some rumor that they have heard and passed on to somebody else. We realize that everyone is intensely interested in the present,situation and would like to be the first to receive any news which might concern their future status. This is a natural desire, but too often the news is based on rumor and not fact. In the future a lot of confusion will be avoided if .students check on the correctness of a rumor before they pass it on to someone else. In connection with the Enlisted Reserves, it would be wise to actually see the orders before telling the news that the Enlisted Reserves are being called. If everyone will follow this policy of checking facts before passing the rumors to the interested ears of the fellow beside them, many of the rumor,s which have been causing consternation and worry among the students ol the Unix-ersity would be nijjped in the bud.—ci.e.b.
SsUwioL SildpSLdu Second Lieut. Harotd R. Gingher . . . '40 graduate!, is now attendino- a I'cseiwe ofllcer’.s class at the Marine training- cenlei- at Quantico, Va. Lieut. Gingher recently graduuled I’jom an officer candidate’s class and tva.s commissioned in the Marine Corp.s lU'servc,;. Jfe is a member of JJelta UpsiJon fraternity and wa.s a member of -the swimming-. team
Plte y«ISHII6T0K . ■ T« R»q. U V P4!.0H. ■ MERRY-GO-ROUND iy DREW PEARSON Roosevelt Approves Wickard And Appoints Currie Umpire; Introduces Nine-Point Program WASHINGTON—In the last few clays the President himself has silenced Administration critics of Claude Wickard, and decreed that he remain as Secretary of Agriculture. The President’s stand came at the height of an increasing .storm brewing round the amiable Indiana coin farmer, \vhom everyone likes but whose allimpurtant food program is lagging. White House advisers have told the President that Wickard’s program was inadequate, that it must be drastically revised, that thei-e would be shocking- deficiencies of food. Some have urged that Wickard bo replaced. The President, however, has defended his Secretary of Agriculture. But also he has appointed White House Secretary Lauchlin Currie-—who.se regular field is Chinese relations—^to act as umpire on the farm pror gram. Currie has now given Wickard a nine-point program for revamping American agriculture and among other things has pointed out that England increased her food production 50 per cent with little additional manpower. Why, he asks, cannot the United States do the same? • Agriculture's Nine-Point Program Here are Currie’s proposals, advanced with the blessing of the White House: 1. The goals of agricultural production should be higher. , . 2. A new production program, possibly with a new budget, should be presented to Congress. All acreage allotments and other restrictions on production should be removed to encourage the more efficient farmers. 4. The $1,000,000 farm operators of second rate efficiency should bo brought into full production with the aid of seed, fertilizer, livestock, machinery and__ even land. 5. Cotton and tobacco acreage should be reduced, corn acreage allotments removed entirely, and more wheat should be fed to livestock. 6. Profiting by British example, a new “land army” should be organized, to use town and city dwellers, especially women, for farm work. 7. Truck fai-mers who produce such luxuries as iceberg lettuce should be converted to more essential crops. 8. Facilities for processing and drying foods should be increased. 9. Local direction of the farm program should be shifted away from Farm Bureau-minded agents, toward agents more responsive to Federal direction. • Wickard's Farm Program Wickard’s response to this .sweeping proposal was to accept part of it, reject part. He believes the production goals are already high enough, that it’s too late to present a new program for 1943, that cotton goals have already been substantially lowered, and tobacco reduction would require change of the law. Ho agrees to removal of acreage restrictions on most crops, but not on cotton and wheat,'which still yield embarrassing surpluses. , Claude is a little touchy on the. question of county agents and committeemen, insisting- that Federal representation is adequate. Oil other points, hoivever, he agrees with the White House proposals, declaring some already are in effect. He wants to bring the 1,000,000 less efficient farmers into full production, to increase dehydration of foods, convert truck farmers from iceberg lettuce, etc., and organize a new land army from towns and cities. In fact, he already has a plan well advanced for the “land army”. Wickard, who had hardly been heard of before his elevation to Wallace’s place in the Cabinet, has had clear sailing for two j-.ears, thanks in part to good weather. Now, however, lie-is facing just a.s tough a job in ^tryiirg to produce more, as Wallace faced ten years ago in trying to produce less. No Secretary of Agriculture ever faced more opposite and more difficult problem.s. Wickard Icnows his position is shaky. But he is on jiis mettle, fighting to meet the production go-als. • Industrial Miracle It didn’t jnake headlines, but an interesting piece of news came out of Erie, Pa., the other day, which goes to the roots of the whole wai- production program. The news was that the General Electric plant at Erie had turned out its 100 shaft of destroyer turbines a full eleven months ahead of schedule. This was an industrial miracle and a tribute solely to Charles E. Wilson, ex-head of General Electric, now cooling his heels part-time in Washington because the Army is jealou.s of Ids getting hold of the war production picture. , When the Navy first informed General Electric’s Erie plant that it would need more turbines, local ofiicials threw up their hands. A turbine is a complicated piece of machinery containing thousands of small blades, all set by hand. The Erie plant had been making one turbine a month, said the Navy’s demand of two per month was impossible. But Wilson, then head of General Electric, jumped in personally, worked out a mass production method, threatened to chop off heads and before very long had production up to eight turbines a month. Now production is even higher, and the plant.has just completed its too shaft of furbines eleven months ahead of schedule. , A"et, when Wilson re-signed a $150,000-a-year job to take $8,000 with the government, he was kept waiting for months. Arriving in Washington late last summei- to become vice-chairman of the WPB in cdiarge of production, he had to wait until February 4 before •an order.was .signed clearly setting foi-th his powers. .lealously of the Army clique which rules supplies wa.s the i-eason. This issue of Ai-my rule or civilian rule over war production is now at white heat, and due for a showdown any minute. (Copyright, 1943, liy United Feature, Syndicate, Inc.)
The Ratio
FIRST OF ALL We’d like to get the routine things fiver for the week, such as piunings and vice versa. We know, we’re a little late -with this one, but for all of you who don’t know already, Theta Tlea Hyde is back in circulation after what seemed to n's a very, very short romanefe with Phi P.si Woody Armstrong. On the happier side, but not for Purdue eds, is the recent pinning of Chi 0 Betty Cantley bya Sigma Chi from Penn by the name of Dick Wright. KING AND QUEEN ' Virginia,Fenters, Union West desk queen, is fla.shing her Delta Tau Delta badge on those who pas.s by her thi-one these days. Funny thing is that the DTD boys think brother King Koek’s hardware is up in Montreal some place. ■ i
China By G. B. Wu
SHUT MA MOUTH
/These new Curtiss-Wright Cadettes apparently waste no time in getting into the meager social swing around here, judging from the number of them that wore out in the usual places last week end. And they have such cute suthen accents, too, sho ’naugh. Another happening last week
economic, polif
life of China was no less vital in its influence on her religious life. The . new spirit of inquiry, of doubt, of
which was the cause of many a farewell party was the recent calling of brought fresh opportunity all these Air Corps boys. Judging from some of the parties we were on,. nhristiouitv It was nresented we hope they call them all at once and get our hangovers over with. ^ith ^ appLlT
would pause to investigate the really radical implications of Christ’s teaching. The dual emphasis of Christianity on faith and works, the
OLD FLAME
We hear that Kappa Casey Hoskinson had a date with an old flame, Sig Ep Salty Saxton, when he was here a wei^ek ago on his way to the army
the very night after she took Sigma Nu Johnny Wilcox’ pin. You’d better ;U‘Tf ",nd "tho nracticaT the sane watch that girl, Johnny. If she trips off to Washington, D. C., in a few j- spSml and the
weeks, it’s not to see the president, but to keep a date she made with
Salty
TSK, TSK We wish you all could have been there before they took them down. We mean the set of women’s unmentionables that were hanging from the Delt flag pole Tuesday morning in place of Old Glory. The Delts claim someone else put them there and then greased the pole, but we are inclined to believe that they were just trophies of the hunt that some one of the under-tlie-weather brothers put up for everyone to see. From the size, the lowers must.have come from a Kappa and the uppers from a Pi Phi, if you get what we mean.
By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson
American forces in Tunisia continue to retreat under the powerful blows of the cornered Germans, but the opposite is true with the British Eighth Army which does not realize that there is anything in their new book by General Montgomery that says how to conduct a retreat. The American Field Head- ' quarters in Africa has not said
what is causing them to fall back, but it might be the new German tanks and the fact that the United States troops are new ones from this countr,y.
: X X X '
Much of the joking about the giant I’entagori building outside of W’ashington has died out. The reason seems to be that all Washington realized that such a building was necessary, but when the building was started the size startled all who looked up it. Washingtonians have gotten over their first shock are are now point- ' ing with pride to the largest building in the world. The land.scaping of the grounds will be completed some time this spring and this should add to the beauty of the
structure. X XX.'
Walter Winchell opened his mouth
(Continued From Previous Issue)
tW tr lifical
The impactIpf the West upon the
and intellectual
HIT PARADE f We had just about decided to stop printing all this .stuff about Various clubs founded on movie actor Errol Flynn’s i-ccont escapades, but wc couldn’t resist letting you in on this latest campus hit tune. The Kappa’s sing it every night before they go to bed to the tune of “Mister Five by Five”: “Twirl my nightie, tuck me in, Here comes Mister Errol Flynn.” More -verses next time.
material, was one eagerly grasped
by the, modern Chinese. War Brings New Duties
The problems of “penetrated” and too wide tlie other night and put the “flee” China were also the problems foot of the Blue. Network in it. of the Church, for the Church fol- Winchell said some things, though lows an uprooted people in order to they might be true, probably made assist them, or .stands by under the the freedom of speech clause in the restrictions of enemy occupation if Constitution tui-n red. Becau.se of duty requires. The Chuch in China the howl that came irom all quarmade a conspicuously fine record ters, the president of the Blue Netthroughout these years as the scrv- work has ordered a closer watch on ant of all needy, Christian and non- all scripts of the Blue’s fifteen news Christian, young and old. In Free broadcasters.
9fL. JhsL
Wesley Foundation 9:30^—Student Church School. All students may attend “The Skeptic Look.s at the Bible” and “The Great Ideas nf the Bible”. Prof. Patterson and Rev. Balsley arc the teachers of the class. 10:40—Morning Worship Service at the First Methodist Church. Dr. Steele will speak on the theme-“The Everlasting Gospel”. Special music will be furnished by the choir. 5:15—Wesley Vespers, 5:15^—Fellowship supper. 2Gc. 6:00—Games and fellow.ship. 0:30—Discussion. Twilight.” . , University Pre.sbyterian 8:00 p. m., Saturday—Get acquainted party. Following the basketball game Saturday night there, will be dancing and games in the church parlors. Refreshments .will be served. There is no admission charg'e. 9:30—Sunday School. 10:30—Morning Worship.. This Sunday is the. Student Universal Day of Prayer. On this Sunday
Chi'istians all over the world unite in worship and prayer. Mrs. Shaw’s sermon will be “A Presence in the 6:00—Sunday Evening Club. Purdue Christian. Foundation 9:30—Student classes: Professor Lancyos, of the University' mathematics department, will speak on “The Common (lod of .Judaism and Chi-istianity.” Harriett , Reynolds will teach the Bible class. 10:40—Church Wosrhip Service. Sunday Evening at 131 S. Grant (One-lialf block fi om Union) 5:15—15c supper. 5:45—Forum pi-o.gram be,ginningwith recreation. Discussion will be led by Oxa' Max Wellman on the subject, “Our Responsibilities as Citizens.” Worship will climax the Universal Day of Prayer anion.g ■student.s. West Lafayette Baptist Church 9:30—Roger Williams Class Hour. Prof. C. E. Dammon is the teacher. 10:35—Sermon by Rev. J. B. Gleason, niini.ster 5:30—Foruni Hour. Dr. George Scarfeth will speak on “lutcr-Amer-ican Relations.” There has been a change from tiic regular time of the forum. 6:30—Ro,ger Williams Foundation Supper. . .
China, when millions fled there, the Church came to many as a strange organization but made itself understood'through its aveTiues of relief, in homes and camps for war orphans, in rice lines, in cooperatives, in schools, and in simple evangelistic teaching of the Good Life in Christ. Missionaries in many places were busy distributin,g food from the American Rod Cross. The hungry are fed, and the needy are clothed, for the flour bags are strong and are used for clothing. The spirit of despair and of hopelessness has- not conquered a great people; there is a look forward, and jilaiining witli liope. The Chinese Church, and e.‘:peciany its leaders, havtfYhard and perilous timo.s to face. The Chinese Church,.strengthened by suffering, I'ef'reshed by newness of lif^, looks ahead .eagerly to the new day. A foreign missionary wrote the foJlowin,g—■ “0 China, towering from earth 'to heaven, Spreadin.g beyond the eight h<))-i-zons. Thou Flowery Land, born of the peaks, With mi.ghty rivers and endlo.s.s ranges., - I see thee free at last, and a new splendor Dawn on they jieoplo foi- a thousand years.” DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J: Rl.'^K — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schulli Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Phone S701
■ ■ ' . X X -X
One of the New York Times’ best corre.spondents had quite a lot to say about (he Spanish question last week and what he said is not likely to cause any better relations between the two countries. The correspondent, Thomas J. Hamilton, .said that it wa.s common knowledge in Spain that the Germans were using the Spanish coast as a base from which to prey upon United Nations’ shipping (hat passes close to Spain. He also .said that the LInited States’ policy of giving large sums of money to Spain to keep her neutral had very little effect.
TODAY and TOMORROW -TWO THR!LL HITS—
kamm ROMANCE! ADVENIURi!
SECOND HIT
r
i f
t I
>■Friday^ February 19, 1^43 ^ h*,t '
i ' f ,>.ii''*■!!?'f ''<*''* *■,
I ^
|j>>'
Boilermaker Sports
Page S ■MHMliiii
^wi^lr ^ ^
The SpoJdA. (jJcWSL
Lawson Leaves For Air Corps Career Wrestling
On Eve Of Hawkeye Hardwood Tilt
Hawkeye
By Joe Da^wson
Backbone Of The Team
With the depaituie of Rudy Lawson to the Ati Corps this week Piggy Lambert and the Boileimaker cage team have lost the one man who, in our opinion, has been the backbone of the sometimes eliatic Riveter squad all yeai Rudy’s steadying influence has more than once been the deciding factor in the Boileimakei victories to date His lebound woik has been nothing less fhan biilhant since the season first began Although not the highest scorer on the team Rudy nevertheless could always be count ed upon for three or four of those long loopeis each game ^ Received Orders At Ann Arbor Upon receiving his orders at Aim Arbor Tuesday night Rudy left immediately for his home in Erie, Pa From there he will rejloit for active duty within the next few days, while here in school, Lawson ranked in the upper third of his class in Mechanical Engineering This is an even more amazing accomplishment considering the fact that he spends all of his afternoons practicing in addition to his missing sometimes as many as four school days during extended road tups The An Coi ps can’t pos sibly lose with men like Rudy among then ranks
Brown, Brebner Called
In addition to Lawson, two men each from the track and wrestling teams and one man from the swimming team were called by the An Corps during the week Tom Brown and John Brebnei both outstanding sopho more high jumpers received then papers Tuesday morning Both Brown and Brebner have cleared 6 feet continuously since then tieshman year In the five team meet last week in Chicago, Brown went out at 6 ft, 4 in after going over the bn at C ft, 2 in It is i umoi ed that Her m Phillips himself will become the teams’ jumpci fi om now on Ho can go over 5 feet with his civilian clothe'; on
► Two Wresl-lers Leave
Also called were Mark Matovina, delendnig Big Ten wrestling champ and Jim Paratoie, outstanding veteran in the 156 pound cliss With these two men probably goes the last chance for the Boilermakers to re peat therr championship accomplishments of last yeai The loss of Chuck Van Dusen, free stylei and capable relay man, will put a crimp in Dick Papenguth’s swimming plans Just about one more week like the one just passed and there wont’ be enough athletes mound heic to make up i
medium sized table tennis team
How about a CAREER on^ the CIVILIAN FRGNT? As a student, you’ve doubtless asked yourself many times what you ought to do to help win this war. What can you study that will be of practical assistance^ The Retail Bureau at the University of Pittsburgh is offering a new opportunity to college upperclassmen to be trained for a successful career in retailing while gaining actual working experience at a steady weekly salary You will receive regular undergraduate credit for your work at the Bureau, you’ll earn a weekly income in a Pittsburgh department store, you 11 be making i definite contribution to civilian wartime morale—at the same time piling up experience toward a cariei Pitt’s Retail Bureau came into being during World War I to help retailers replace executives and junior executives lost to the armed forces and government services In this war, we’re bringing 24 years of successful store service to the problem of training new people And we believe opportunities in retailing have never been greater than they are right now NEW SEMESTERS BEGIN MONDAY. JUNE 28. AND SEPTEMBER 27. 1943 Applicatton blanks will be furnished on request mEARGH Biimu m mm Tmmm UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH • Pittsburgh. Pa
Ben liickey is the Iow<i scoiing champ since the depaituie ot lorn Chapman Holding down a forwaid post, he has sniped 101 points in eight games I ven moie lemaik able IS his lecoid as being one ot the cleanest players in the Big Fen IM Schedules
CO OP BASKEIBALL Friday, February 10 Fust Round of Playoffs
Coiut 1—Pilaiski S Rudasics
7 00 Knoale vs Luma
7 15 Chauncey vs Owen 8 10 Westminstci vs Miiwood W ud Volleyball will stait Mon daj Maicli 1 at 7 00 Piactice games will be held on Monday Peb limy 22 and Wednesday I ebiu ii\ 21 it 7 00 Any Wild wishinj to cnfei a volleyball team please con tact the Inti iniunl Office,. 2875 immedi itoh is the schedule will 1 t m ulc up in i lew dais
The fast two lounds of the All ( i ipus ‘'qi ish touiniment must !l plijcd bj Moiid ij Pebiuaii 22 Notice ha been sent to ill those entciin., into the touiniiicnt nam 111.-, yoi 1 opponent It intone has tilled ti iccci c such i notice pie isc till till Inti inuu il Office 2875 11c di iw n„s ind hindicips die posted oil (he bulltliii I oiids m the 1 cli'noList
f s m \ ^
PERFUME Dizzying as falling in love ‘“Tailspin Perfume often leads to that delightful conclusion. A head-over-heels fragrance that she’ll always enjoy. $5 $7.50 $12
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Sf.
Phone 5036
Iowa Scjuad Loses Three First Stringers By Sheldon Watson Weakened by the loss of Rudy Lawson, vctei in letteiman guild, who has answeied the call to the colois via the Ai'my An Coips, Coach “Piggy’ Lambeit and his de tcimined ciew ot Boileimakeis will loSume then hontiT"schedule when they tackle the Hawkeyos of Iowa 111 the Fieldhouse tomoirow evening The loss of Lawson will put a dent in the Boileimakei s’ futuie hopes foi lam els and the task of filling liis shoes IS pioving to be one of gieat m ignitudc Iowa also has some woi lies in the vacancy filling depait ment Then leading scoiei and co captain Tom Chapman, has also leceived his Aii Coips call and it is veiy piobable that he will not pai ticipatc in the oncountei tomoriow Silver Wings Iowa also has two moic piobable losses listed in then latest piess le leases Anothei loss to the An Coips IS fiist stiing sophomoic guaid Theion Thomsen The lem lining Hawkeye staiting giiaid Chuck Uknes, was scheduled foi m duction in the Army ycsteiday att Cl noon With these losses and the job of filling vacancies Iowa has reason to woiiy Coach Lambcit took the Rivcteis thiough a stienuous nitia squad sciimmage ycsteidiy ifteinoon shifting Biowci and Kennedy aiound in an eftoit to find an effec tive combination to balance the loss of Lawson Fast bleaks and undoi the basket aecuiacy weie especially stiossecl • C a> ce At The Bat The time worn joke about sending the student managei into the game has suddenly become a leality on the Boileimakei haidwood Because of the Aimy Navy, "tc, Coach Lam belt has had a tough job of finding suitable iGseive mateiial Last week Coach Lambeit decided to see if 1 IS manageis had talent on the flooi so he put C B Paiiish senior student managei in some Black and Gold togs and told him to do his best Cayce Paiiish tool his place on the flooi and earned him'elf a pi ICC on the icseive i ostei This i^ piobihU the fust time in Boilei mikci histoiv that the haidwood tc im h IS li id a playing managei fowl will be seeking its second Bi;., Ten V ictoi\ when the\ meet the Rivcteis tomoiiow night Then oiiicicncc lecoid shows seven de feits ind one win The Hawkeves lie in ninth place in the confcience totals with a lowlj 125 peicentage In then eight tussles they have ac cumuUfed ■’49 points to then op ponents 45) Revenge L imbeit s lids on the othei hand will be seeking victoiy numbci five At the picsent tunc the Boileimak eis aic icsting in fifth place with foul wins and five losses In the last foui tilts the Rivcteis hive won onli one lomoiiow night thej aic scheduled to pull out of this slump ind tile icvingc on the Iliwkeycs foi the 12 36 dcfeit which was handed to them b\ the coin state hoys it the list meeting of the two
squ id
low i will be led by Co C ip am Ben fiiickei when they inv idc the I icldhou=c tomoiiow Tiickcy is (IK cl the outstanding peifoimcis 0 1 the If iw 1 Lve s 1942 4 5 edition of 1 11 Iwoicl sjiheic hindlcis lie la m seventh pi ICC 111 the Bp Icn indi viduil conn,, 1 ICC with i tot il ol 101 points 111 eight „ lines In the eight g lints Fi id ty li IS onlv coni midcei si\ pci son il Jouls which is till best 1 ctoi (1 ill the Big ten bool s Mi-,htj liickcj—whit^
Riveter
By (lint Sovvards
Tomoriow afternoon at 2 o’clock the Boilermaker wre.stling team under the directorship ot f oach Claude Reeck takes a ciack at the grapplers from the University ot Illinois, over at Champaign This engagement will be the third for each of the schools participating Illinois has met and defeated Norths western and Michigan for a perfect score for the season. The Boilermakers have met Indi-
ana and Northwestern, losing to the Hoosiers but coming back with a win over the Wild-
cats/
Last season when these two teams met the lecords were just in levelse the Riveteis had a perfect lecorci The Illmi put the only blotch on the 1942 Boilermakei tally sheet that afternoon, tomor lovv afteinoon the Boilermakers
will be out foi levenge Oh That 4ir Corps
At the beginning of the piesent season the chances foi a top Boil eimakei wie&tling team weie choice as fai as mateiial was con ceined The squad boasted a pair ol Big Ten champs, a quartet of othei letteinien and a couple ot numeral winneis to vie for the
Time For Long-
Awaited 'Purdue'
i' Draws Near
By Dave Shryer
Plans aie well undei wav foi holding the long anticipated Pin due Relays on Maich 27 when the midwests leading tiack stais will appeal at the Rivetei Fieldhouse The event should pi ove to be the finest ol its kind dui mg the entiie 1943 mdooi ti ick season
Vnnouncements Sent
Announcements of the event have been sent to 106 colleges and um veisities Neiily all of the confei
ence schools have indicated that lightweight spots Tomoiiow the
‘ Rudy ” Lawson, one of the mam stays ot the Boilei maker hard wood machine all season who leaves today on the eve ot the rfawkeye ball game via the \im3 Air Coi ps
Illinois On Top In Big Ten Race OIIICIVI SIANDINGS (Ihrough games or Febnjpij 1 ))
they will send a team to compete while Coach Phillips has also le <■ cived notification fiom sevcial membeis ot the college division in cludin„ Miami Western Michigan
Rivgteis jaunt to Champaign with a seiiously depleted squad A few days ago the squad lost fifty pei cent ot its Big Ten champions when Maik Matovina packed up and left
and Ohio Wesley m that they pi m loi the an coips Jim Paratoie, a
to send entiants
The pio,,! im will include sepa rate divisions foi the laigei and smallei schools Theie will be in dividuil tiack and field events as well as the usual assemblage of lelay nces Phillips also plans to have it least one oi two lelays foi
iieshman teims and he plans to Mounsey a
lettei wmnei fiom last season and a legulai on the team this season, jeft at the same time These two aimy men caused quite a deficit m the 136 and 155 pound classes, re-
spectively
Anothei man lost to the safne cause the An Coips, was Claude
numeial vvmnei and
W L
Pet
Illinois
9 0
1 000
Indiana
9 1
900
Wisconsin
5 3
625
Noithwestei n
1 3
571
Pill due
4 5
144
Minnesota
1 5
444
Ohio State
2 5
286
Michigan
2 6
250
Iowa
1 7
125
Cliicago
0 5
000
INDIVIDUAL SCORING
G
Pts
Phillm Illinois
9
177
Himilton Indiana
10
143
Kotz Wisconsin
8
116
Chapman Iowa
7
107
Williams Indiana
10
107
Giaham N U
7
104
liicl ey low i
8
101
Mafhiseii Illinois
9
100
bulliv in Wisconsin
8
98
Lo-, m Indiana
10
93
Mcnke Puidue
8
90
Wendland N U
7
84
Ehleis Puiduc
8
84
Lmd Minn
9
76
Pgittcison Wisconsin
8
75
Vodick N U
7
72
V mcc Illinois
9
71
Smiicy Illinois
9
70
VIillci Ohio
7
68
Sw inson Inilnna
10
67
VTcnlc lilmcis
8
66
possible 128 poundei Tentative Roster Now the tentative i ostei of Boileimakeis who will lepiesent the Univeisity against the Illini tomoriow looks a little like the follow-
ing
Flank Ruggieii Big Ten champ, m the heavjwveight division, will piobably wiestle heavyweight Doc ’ Eviston letter winnei last season will piobably take ovei m the 175 pound class The 165 pound class will also piobably be handled by a letteiman fiom last yeai, Velmai Davis (piide of the Ag school) One fifty five duties he at the hands of Rogei Claseman, also a lettei winnei on last season’s squad
of Big Ten champs
Competition Around 145 Pounds The 145 pound class at piesent is a diaw—a fivst class draw—between George Steudel and Stackhouse The tiyouts last evening ended m a tie which w ill be decided
ill a final vvoikout tonight
Danny Nettesheim, who has won
hvorylhing’for a College Edxuation DEAC’S
Sports Shorts It I mcctin„ i;; ii nn-,ed between the Gii it L il cs Ni il li lining Stition h I'.kclb ill Ic ini md the ( i nj) (iiant 111 Iv uiiois next mon 1 the blue] icl its hojie they stih lie ible t) exticisc tl tii ith lotic jinx ovei the siU'icis Ihc Bl 10] ill its li I sc I'.on V hipped t mi]) ( 1 lit twiLC (6 to 7 mil 18 to 11 m tw ) 01 tunc pci nils Ihc Saih I) ISC hill tl mi ollowocl \ ith tlnec Mitoiies ind list 1 ill the Lluciidcts ivc hell icd the Soldici s m footb ill ) lo 0
1 (Idle R si i ot ( liic i 0 st u 101 waid on the (iital Lilcs Null 11 imiii;,, Stition hislcthill tc im holds the second huhest sc ison scoi
seciue well known stais foi indi vidual exhibition events Lose Two Men The lelays will paiallel the famous Butlei Relays which Phi! lips made famous dining his teim oi office as track mentoi at that institution The nation s most pow eiful luimeis gather ed annually at Indianipolis ioi competin,, m whit always pioved to be a spectaculai show The U S Navy has since occupied the Butlei Fieldhouse hovvevei and this has loiced cm tailment of neailv all athletic ac tivities engaged in at that institu
tioii
Meanwhile the Boileimakei lun neis sufteied one ol the seisons most seveie setbacks when the only vaisity high jnmpeis, Tom Blown and Jack Biebnei depaited foi the An Coips Ihis added to ineligibil ities has left Phillips veiy shoit
handed
NU Meet Cancelled
Satuidys meet with Noithwest
ein s Wildcats has been cancelled his last two matches at 145 pounds, owing to conflicts Phillips an has woiked down and will take over iiounced yesteiday The next event the 136 pound duties so lecently va on the piogiam loi the thmlies is cated by Maik Matovina the two way contest with the Illim Clint Sovvaids a newcomei to the at Champaign next Iiiday night, squad via a victory over a heavy Peb 26 hanging ‘C will piobably lepreBiuhtei milks on the hoiizon sent the team at 128 pounds, and h ve been the poifoimince of the Veinon Singleton the 113^ pound
two ficshman huh jumpeis W illie Blum and Dick Kilpatiick both ol whom lie well ovei the six loot mail Blum sm ished the Khmic lecoid lot this event when he lie lied SIX feet two and thioo quaitei inches seveiil diys i-,o Kilpatiick though only toweimg five feet himself ha-> closely ap pi0idled the milk set b\ Blum I hese two mon should piomisc much tiitiue st cn^th toi the Rivet CIS m this even II mold m Notic Dime hu to \ Risi i collected 2 >0 points Tl c m ut points he scoicil m i ingk g line as 1 Notu Dinu plivci w is Risl 1 who IS 2 yiiis old woi hs 180 pounds mil is (j icet till
121 poundei will be back m his old spot A,nd What Vn Fnding Next Piiday afternoon the Bod cimakeis bung to a close then season ot dual meets with an engagement with the Spaitans of Michigin State who toi the last two veils have been iiinneis up to Okhhomi A K M m the National lull icollegi lie meet The Spaitan squad boasts one ol the most pow eiiiil tiiumvelates in the countiy m the thiee lightweight divisions vieil and Beil Jennings take caie ol the 121 md 128 pound classes, lid Bill Mixvvell takes caie ol the I )b pound duties All thiee ot these 1 ids h IV c been national intercollegiate champions toi the last two
BW WISEST! YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD P/GGLY W/GGLY STORE OFFERS A WIDE ASSORTMENT FROM WHICH TO SELECT YOUR FAMILYS ALLOTMENT OF RATIONFREE FOODS EACH MEMBER OF YOUR FAMILY 15 PERMITTED &TIN5 GLASSES OR PACKAGES OF THE RATIONED ITEMS BUY YOUR STOCK NOW! Skop ScuiIjLj ** ^ou coFL ciejaencl oa4ie QuiaJLitM
Keep Your Appearance Up Without Letting Your Country Down! (rowii deaniiijj; ttill not oiiK improve voiir Personal Appearanee, bnl vtill preserve tlie labrie, loo. Yon serve when yon eonserve. Clean elothes last longer. Orown Laundry
F/\/t /)/?¥ (LE4^mCPage 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, February 19, 1943
. if
University Calendar - Friday, February 19
4 00 P M
Cosmopolitin Club
Room 304 Union
8 SOP M
Student Co Op Dance
E & W Fac Lge , Union
8 SOP M
Giccn Pottois Dance
Rooms 355 IGI Union
Saturday, February 20
9 00 4, M
High School Piiiicipals Conf
So Ballioom Union
7 30 P M
Basketball—low a
Fieldhoiise
8 30 P M
Mixei
No Balhoom Union
Social Clubs To Hold Game Dance Saturday The Spihe Shoe Club, Dolphin Club and \\ A.A -will hold a spoit dance aftei the g'anie tomollo^^ in the West FaculU Lounge of the Union The admi'ision will be 25c foi each couple 'Music will be fiii nished b\ iecoiding<! Alpha Kappa Lambda social flatelnlt^ ai i ounces the initntio i of the follow ne: men Aithui Tissol Chicigo Rithiid Kilpatiick Foil M iMic Milliam \aiiigan Buftilo Millnm /im meinmi Justin Silci M insheld John Guhnnian St Joins Dot Knowlton A,shl ind Mass Rn Small Sandfoid M olin Rochcsici William Shue\ Holhwood 111
Mayors Anriounce Local'WAAC Week'
LION'S CLUB TO HONOR TEAM WITH BANQUET In honoi of the Univeisity basketball squad, the Lion’s Club will hold a banquet in the Union at 6 p m Tuesday, Maich 2 Jess C Andiew, lippecanoe county state legislatoi, will seive as toastmastci of the piogiam which will featuie the announcement of lettei awaids foi the 1942 43 season Tickets fot the banquet, pi iced at each, may be obtained fiom Lion’s Club membeis and aie also on sale at the Union desk and the
book stoi es
This week Fcbiuaiy 15 to Feb iuai\ 21 has been officially pio claimed ‘WAAC WEEK by the ‘ lna^ols of Lafayette and West La fai ette 'Vla'voi Austin R Killian, of Lafayette and Mavoi Chailcs R Bui Ilham ol West I afaj ettc cstab iished this week in tiibutc to the women of Ameiica who h ive pi oven themsehes so capable of icleasing the soldicis fiom 1101 combatant
W 01 1
Teachers Sign For Refresher Course Piofessoi Helen W HaZelton, head ot the dopaitment oi physical education ioi women, has announced that eiiiollnients will still be accepted foi the special ten week lefieshei couise loi women teach-
eis of PEW
The coin sc meets on Monday evenings iiom 7 to 10, and no legistrations will be accepted aflei next Monday Not only teacheis of phys ical education but any who is inteicsted in phjsical fitness may entei
ihe classes
Debris Prices Will Advance By March 1
Dm ing the w cck tw o W -eAC s Lt Tuiniti Gniett ind Lt Geitiude Pi itt hivc b( en licit Lt Gaiiett epoke sctcial times on the qualifica lions loi women in the WAAC s
social fiateinity, announces
the initiation of the following Dan r Commingoie, West Lafayette, Donald K Bailey, Detioit, Mieh , Ra^mond J Stejspal, Beiwyn, 111 , Louis F Hoiak, Ciceio, 111 , Goidon
I Stepanek, Ciceio 111 , Edwaid D
Sewaid Rochestei, N Y Donald
I Kock Wauwatosa Wis , Louis E Staak Foit Wajne, Fiank H Coe Biimingham Mich John A Gillespie, Bnminghani Midi , A1
belt J Aiado Rivci t Fonest 111 , Geoige R Hclffiich Ji , Paik
Ridge, 111
Eleyen moie days lemain in which the Dobi is can be pui chased foi the puce of '^3 60 because on
Maich fust, the puce ^oes up to Xora fZ/yo 111 00 * vacfc
The book subsetiptions ate avail able in the Debus business office on the second flooi of the Union If a ])ei son is not on the campus when the tniiuals ate distiibuted, they will be mailed Those who si-,ned the jiiefeience list foi last yen’s Debus may call foi them at the business office as soon as pos
siblc
WBAA INVITES CADETTES “Little Red Walking Hood” will be the featuie playlet on Campus Vaiieties to be piesented ovei WBAA Satin day aftei noon at 4
p m
The usual favoiites will be on hand to welcome gdpsts to the audience studio of the Hall of
Music
A special invitation has been given to the 100 engineeiing cadettes to attend the progiam Westminster Party This month’s paity of the Westminstei Foundation will be held in honoi of the lecently arrived Cuitiss Wiight cadettes, immediately aftei Satin day night’s basketball game with loiva The festivities will be held at the Univeisity Chuich
Notices
Alpha Phi Omeffa The dance will be Sa^ urday Feb 27 in the East Faculty Lounge from 9 to 11 30- P m All actives are reminded to turn then pledge boards in to one of the officers as soon aS possible Pledge meeting Tuesday Feb 23 >n room 307 at 7 30 Executive meeting Tuesday, reo
. , in loom 307 at 8 80 All committees bhould
No Notices will be accepted for this column , +hfi( and other actives are invited after 6 p m on the day preceding the issue oetnii<aiiu -GOSSWEIN
DcMolays A smokei will be held at the Acacia fraternity house next Thursday Pab 26 at 7 10 p m All DcMolays are cordially invited to ittcnd There will be plenty of eigarettes foi all Refreshments will be served —IIOKUl Wesley Foundation Fveiyone is welcome it a pailv to be held aftei The •msketball ,ame Saturday Feb 20 "t th« roundation. building -WENDELL August and December Graduates Today Febiinr> 11 is the last day on which Debris pictiies will bo takoii Come to loom 60 in tfic sul) basement < f the Union any time bo-
twein 8 10 1 m ..id 6 P -
town gals’ club, will hold its thud meeting of the semestei in loom 303 of the Union today at 4 00 Plans foi ioithcoming social events, such as a boyvling paity,
yyill be discussed
Buy War Bonds
Navy V-1, V 6 and V 7 Members of Navy Enlisted Reserve who do not have pocket cards to prove membership in the Navy Reserve shoOld leave name place and date of induction home address and classi Acation in my office A request for these caids will be made to the Office of Naval Officer Procurement —KNAPP Surveyrng: Examinations foi remoMl of conditions m CE 6 and CP 10b will bo held in Room 101 CE Bldg Saturday afternoon Feb 20 Permits must be obtained in Room 102 CL Bldg before Piidiy Pebiuary 19
—LOMMLL
M8 *5 Students Advanced couise uniforms will be available niter I p m Thursday lebiuary 18 through Saturday noon I eb ruary 20 1J4-1 $7 00 deilosit must be pnid before uniform is delivered —BROWN Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Fiiday at 4 I*) p m in loom 104 DOTY All Students After the game Saturday evening I ebruary 20 there will be dancing and games at the University Chuich on North Street Ihcie is no idmibsion and refreshments will be served
NORDLINOrR
Railroad Club Meeting Saturday Feb 20 at 1 30 p m in Unun sub basement idja cent to Union workshop Everyone please ittend —HAASF Dolphin Club Important mooting at T 1 > p m luebday I eb 23 m room 104 of the Pieldhouse Cimmittee chairmen biinj, re ports SMITH Kappa Ps! Meeting Wednesdaj Feb 21 at " 30 p m rn the Union THOMS Gold Peppers Meeting Fiiela> Feb 10 at 4 p m in the A^^ S e ffice An rng ments for issuing lationmg bock v ill le (listussed Attondance eompiilsoiv
-MeDONAID
Classified Ads
Typewriters Addini? mnchmcR ail makes sold rontid ripairtd and purchased MimeoKnpii woik done t J Ebershoff 606 Main, Lafajette 1 hone 2 "9 Money to I-Rian On diamonds watches, aims inaa me typ wiiteis Albert b Loan Offiee 10 Coinnibi i Wiii person who (xehanaed coats with me m feinies Birber Shop last Wednesday lease call fl Asl for Faust lost—Uid ima with fmr keys attached Itewai 1 .1 P isl Dc I Lost—Siania N i i m 1 itw i n 1 ttl. ton and Union Kiw u i p ihiustocl Siami Nu H ns
Get Your— STATIONERY and SUPPLIES of ALL KINDS University Book Store
Phone 2192
356 State
Sprieq Showing of Mew Slacks ★ TWILLS ★ GABAHDOES ★ BEnroHD cdmus Roger's Men's Wear East Side Square
SANDWICHES and Soft Drinks Also CURB SERVICE TRIPLE XXX Corner of Salisbury a'ld Main
SojldkwifdkY SMALL EINOUGH ^ to nei sionali/t* its seiMfc lo \oii, yot LARGE E^OUGII lo olTer >oii tlie larfijosl slock ol LSED AND NEW TEXTS Uoniplclc Suidcnls Supply
PATRONIZE ADVERTISERS of EXPONENT
YOUR APPEARANCE IS OUR BUSINESS
^eiAisAY
PURDUE BASKETBALL
PURDUE No. Name and Position 17 Max Biggs, f 4 Ralph Borwer, f. 3 A1 Menke c. (Capt) 20 Paul Friend, f 14 Edwin Ehlers g. A 6 Gerald Witsman, f 7 William Kercheval f 9 John Swantz c 11 Robert Morns f 15 Donald MeVey c 16 Robert Myers f 10 Floyd Lawson g 18 John Kennedy, f 22 Robert Biddle, f
IOWA
No. Name and Position 27 Ben H. Trickey, f. (c) 23 Robt. H. Lundstedt f 12 James A. O'Brien, c. 14 Gene Nesmith, g. 4 Sam F Vacanti, g.
3 Carroll E. Allen f. 6 James T. Humphrey, g. 21 Hillary P. Cole, g. 22 Theron P. Thomsen, g. 24 Don W. Thompson f. 25 Jack Movoid, c.
lOfIN ST\ VN 1/
Your car imisi serve you for the duration—■ Let us serve your car—
Pete "Doc" Anderson
Purdue '07 (lOriier of Sixth and Alahaiiia
Phone 4048
“Will you . . . won’t yon . . . will you take me out to dinner, Ed'’. I’m so tired ol cooking, let’s go to Tom’s . . . you know special like! “Darling, you’re on! Tom’s Steak lor me and anything your little heart desires. Let’s go —lo Tom’s!’' TOM'S RESTAURANT 301 University
HARDWARE, PAINTS and SUNDRIES Edgerton Hardware E W VanMefer, Pres. Phone 4354 West Lafayette
IN A HURRY?
Call
a
YELLOW CAB 5023—Dial—3071
FRANKS PLACE Quick Service — Good Food Try Our Tenderloin Sandwiches -WE NEVER CLOSE-
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S