In Today's News
• Baseball Uitder Lights Tonight • 1941 -'42 Conyo Schedule Released e Interfraternity Leaders Announced
Z-1tS
FowmImI im lBt9
§ DaHrSinca t90C
Volume 52, No, 189
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 23, 1941
Noted Artists Scheduled TE
For Next. Yearns Convos
S AWAIT NIGHT GA
By Zu Schneider
Annotincement was made last night by the Convocation and Pub-^ lie Lectures Committee of the tentative schedule for the 1941-’42 season. Seeking to maintain the high standards of past years, the committee has Secured top-flight artists and groups which will comprise what is probably the finest convocation program ever presented at the University. Headlining the parade of notables will be Rachmaninoff, brilliant Russion composer, who though aging fast, has lost none of his brilliant technique. Also the Lunts, Alfred Lunt and Lynn Pontanne, will present their current Broadway smash hit, “There Shall Be No Night.” Paul Robeson, negro baritone, and Gladys Swarthout, opera and screen star, will complete the impressive list of artists. Returning next year will be the Indianapolis Symphony whose reappearance will undoubtedly be welcomed judging by the warm reception it received at its last University performance. The St. Louis Symphony and the San Carlo Opera Co. will round out what appears to be a most promising season. > Of these convocations, Rochmanninoff, the St. Louis Symphony, the -Indianapolis Symphony and Gladys Swarthout will appear in Sunday programs. In additiqn there will be at least four speakers who are as yet unchosen. No definite dates for the convocations have been released.
Carpenter, Osborne
Appointed To'41-42
Book Exchange Staff
Monte Carpenter ‘ and John Osborne have been named to the board of control of the book exchange for next year, according to an announcement received yesterday. Bill Hepburn, senior activities chairman of the Student Union, is chairman of the board. These appointments leave one remaining vacancy on the control board and anyone interested in applying for the position is urged to contact Hepburn, it was announced.
Pistol Squad Receives
Sweaters At Banquet
Election of officers and the presentation of awards to this year’s team were the features of the annual Pistol Team aBnquet held last night in the Union. H. F. Graebner was elected president and W. H. Schmidt is the new manager. Coach Lt. Glenn L. Brown presented the following awatds to members of this year’s team: sweaters—D. R. Faut, retiring captain, K. N. Kettenring, H. F. Graebner, J. S. McCarthy, W. G. Yoder; freshman numerals—J. C. Clough, L. Estep, R. H. Essig, R. H. Shelhorn, S. W. Sayles, J. H. McDonall, T. T. Makielski; special awards—T. G, Noland, R. W. Gebhardt, M'. A. Ahlvin, J. F. Dodds, J. L. Onila, M. W. Raber, J. W. Elliott, W. H. Schmidt. Colonel Beere commended the team on its performance this year wliich included 21 wins and 2 losses for the varsity and 7 wins, 2 losses and 1 tie for the freshmen. It was announced that two university pistol teams placed third and fourth respectively in the nation^wide match conducted by the Chief of the Field Artillery, d.e.b.
Prexy Says
To Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the Faculty will be held on Monday, May 26, at 4 p. m<, in Eliza Fowler
Hall.
A full attendance is expected. ' Edward C. Elliott, President.
Tonight's Encounter Initial
Council Names FAO Board Big Ten Battle Under Lights
Rex Mayfield
R. Pearson Selected
As Senior Director
. . . Beta Theta Pi, was recently elected president of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council.
Flying Club To Open Air-Minded Week
With Aviation Show
At 6 o’clock tomorrow evening the University Flying club will launch its annual air-minded weekend with a banquet in the south ballroom of the Union. Tickets to the banquet will be available until noon today at the west desk of the Union.
Highlighting the program will be addresses by Mike Murphy, wellknown stunt flier; Jim Murphy, president of the Frankfort Glider corporation; and J. C. Clifford, CAB official. Dr. E. L. Kelly of the University psychology department Will act as toastmaster. The banquet although sponsored by the Flying club is open to the public.
Stage, Stump, Studio Honors Outstanding Seniors At Banquet
Annual Dance
Following the banquet, Irv Given and his band will play for the annual Airport dance in the hangar. Tables will be spread on the apron, the hanger interior carrymj; out the air-minded theme with a display featuring Mike Murphy’s BuckerJungmeister stunt ship. Transportation to and from the airport will be furnished by the Flying club. Busses will begin leaving the east entrance of the Union at 8:30 tomorrow night and will be returning from the airport regularly from 'll o’clock. Tickets for the dance are now on sale in front of the sweet shop and may be obtained from members of the club.
Air Show Sunday Sunday afternoon the air show will bring the week-end to a close. Stunt flying by Mike Murphy, demonstrations by army pursuit ships, and contests of' all kinds will make up the program. g.m.f.
At thn annual Stage, Stump, Studio banquet held last night in Lincoln Lodge, the five seniors, as announced by Dr. Elliott, given special recognition for displaying outstanding activity and versatility over a period of four years were: in radio. Bill Fall and Joyce Burnham; in forensics, Charlotte Finney and Richard Springgate; and in dramatics, Mary Jane Carr. Gold, silver and bronze keys- were awarded to students working in WBAA, and to managers and debaters in forensics. Honor awards were given on the basis of skill and achievement put forth in dramatics. “Don’t Do It” was the title of the address given by Major C. C. Mather of Culver Military Academy. Toastmaster for the affair was Prof. A. H. Monroe. Entertainment was furnished by a celebrity quiz, handled by Bill Fall, and the awarding of razz awards to stu4ents by L. S. Windel and to the faculty by Bill Sharpie, r.w.b.
Rotary Club Honors Glee Club At Fish Fry
Sophomore Honorary Chooses New Officers
Rotary Club of Lafayette held a fish fry Wednesday evening at Sportsmans Park on Lake Freeman near Monticello in honor of the University Glee Club. It was officially announced by the Rotarians that they are going to adopt the Glee Club and back it as their campus organization. Besides plenty of fish, Dr. George Davis of the teachers placement service, Joe Richards and Hank Amt appeared on the program. Next year two fish fries will be held, one in the fall and the other in the spring, d.e.b.
Last night Skull and Crescent, sophomore activity honorary, held a banquet and formal initiation for 36 new freshnj,en members. The main speaker at the dinner, which Was teld in the Memorial Union, was Professor C. S. Doan. After Prof. Doan’s^ speech the new members elected the following officers: A. Menke, Sigma Chi, president; W. Stuart, Sigma Phi Epsilon, vice president; D. Bouton, Phi •►Kappa, secretary; F. Hemmler, Beta Theta Pi, treasurer; and R. Hodapp, Phi Kappa Tau, sergeant-at-arms. d.w.o.
Bob Pearson
The Interfraternity Presidents’ Council last night elected Bob Pearson, EE ’42, of Portland, to the position of senior secretary of the Fraternity Affairs Office at a special meeting of the couricil held at the Beta Thet^ Pi house. The newly elected senior secretary will direct the activities of the Office during 1941-’42, and will be assisted by four junior secretaries. Pearson headed the publicity committee of the FAO prior to his election to senior secretary.<* He is a member of Alpha Tau Omega fra-ternity,-«,nd was a member of the University military band for two years. The four sophomores elected to junior secretarial offices by the Council on the recommendations of the FAO Election board are: John Wilcox, ME, of Evansville, a member of Sigma Nu; William Miller, ChE, of Evanston, 111., a member of Alpha Tau Omega; Tom Gardner, ME, of Battle Creek, Mich., a member of Sigma Chi; and John Pfenninger, Sci., of Newcastle, a member of Phi Delta Theta. Members of the Presidents’ Council were deadlocked for one hour in the first vote on the election of the sophomores recommended for junior secretaries. This stalemate arose from a discrepancy in the method of recommendation and election. A motion to elect the junior secretaries as recommended was finally carried and a committee for the investigation of a better means of conducting the electioh was appointed by Rex Mayfield, president of the Council. Members of this committee are: John Strange, Bob Hall and Wally Stanton.
-Exponent Photos Py Archibald
Here Tomorrow
Tomorrow Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic iraternity, will sponsor “Newspaper Day,” an annual campus event of the fraternity. Newspaper men from all parts of Indiana and adjoining states are expected to be on the campus to attend this event. An open forum style instead of formal lectures will be used by the speakers acting as forum leaders. Speakers scheduled are H. J. Reed, dean of the University school of agriculture; J. H. Martin, head of the University poultry department; E. A. Gannon, member the University dairy department, and L. M. Busche, assistant county agent leader. The awarding of the "Leather Medal, Best Teacher, and Best Student Journalism awards will take place at the banquet which will climax the day. The Best Student Journalist Award is presented annually to the graduating senior who has done outstanding journalistic work. Last year the Best Teacher Medallion, which exemplifies the “exponent of good teaching” went t6 C. B. Murphy, associate professor in the History department. Prof. P. S. Emrick, who has contributed thirty years of outstanding work with the military band, was the winner of last year’s Leather Medal recognizing “the man_who makes the greatest contribution to the welfare, success, and reputation of the University.” r.w.b.
Stigers Announces Large
Participation In rnstihite
Second annual meeting of the Foremen’s Institute, held here last Saturday, boasted a registration of representatives from 134 different concerns over Indiana, it was announecd yesterday by Professor M. F. Stigers of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, who was in ch^ge of the meeting.
Pi Tad Sigma
By BOB DeMARS
When the Wolverines of the University of Michigan move into town this afternoon with their league leading baseball team, they will find a Boilermaker sqilad that is anxiously anticipating their first night game in the annals of the institution. It was necessary to obtain special permission from the Big Ten faculty athletic committee before the original site of the encounter could be shifted to Lafayette’s Columbian Park in order that the inaugural night game could be made possible. At 8:15 o’clock sharp, when the man in the blue chants his familiar cry of “play ball,” his cry will mark the beginning of the Boil-ermaker-Wolverine series for this season. Although the Michigan squad
CAA Scholarships Open This Summer To Twenty Students
boasts of a pennant-bound winner it is hard to disregard a Riveter combination that has won three out of its last four encounters, and is still undefeated in non-conference competition since their return from the southern training jaunt. Michigan’s Record Impressive At first sight the Michigan rec-
. .. Alpha Tau Omega, was chosen last night as the new senior secretary of Fraternity Affairs Office.
$DX To Sponsor Newspaper Day
Confirmation was received yesterday by Director G. Stanley Meikle that twenty scholarships Will be available for secondary CAA flight training at the University airport this summer. The training period will start June 15. Director Meikle stated that students in the CAA flight training program will be granted draft deferment for -the duration of the training period. Officiak word received from the Civil Aeronautics Authority in regard to defeiment read as follows: “As the training of pilots and flight instructors is one of the very important functions of the defense program, it has been accepted as a national policy that such individuals be deferred from selective service as long as they remain in the Civilian Pilot Training Program.” Some Applications Aleady A number of applications for the extra scholarships this summer have already been received, since Meikle announced tentative arrangements earlier in the week. He emphasized, however, the necessity for filing applications as soon as possible. Anyone eligible for the instruction and who wishes to avail himself of the training may file his application at Me'ikle’s office. Applicants will be called in for their physical examination soon in order that the program may get under way on the stipulated date, w.g.h.
ord of six games won as against only two markers in the loss column seems particularly impressive. If one stops a minute to consider the fact that the Wolves have played qnly eight conference tilts as compared to twelve for teams
Students will be admitted to tonight’s Michigan game at Columbian Park, Lafayette, by showing passports. Busses marked KOSSUTH will take students to within one block of the park. -Special busses will leave the West Side starting at 6:45 p. m. and the gates will open at 7:15. The general public will ]^e admitted for 50 cents including tax.
Co-ed Riding Classes Divided Into 3 Groups;
like Indiana and Illinois, it remains to be seen what they can produce in the stretch. Also a large percentage of the Michigan schedule has been played so far against some of the less potent members Of the Big Ten. What everyone hkes to see, and is seeing in the play of the Boilermakers, is a team that can take hard knocks and come right back to put everything they have into the game. After a few disheartening losses at the outset of the season, the Old Gold and Black suddenly snapped out of the slump, and are now battling their way along the path to a first division post. The drive and spirit shown by the JBoilermakers in their recent conquest of the Minnesota nine, in which game they edged out the Gophers in a ten inning affair, 9 to 7, stands by itself as proof df the metal of the determined Boilermakers.
Riding Skill Displayed
' Y^esterday afternoon the riding classes of the women’s physical education department took part in a exhibition of riding skill with the competitors divided into three classes.
Results in the beginners’ class were: Alice Ann Bahls, first; Lois Thompson and Elsa Schmeltekepts tied for second; Jackie Decker and Lavonne Kellar tied for third.
Pitchers’ Battle Probable Today’s^ encounter may well turn into a pitchers’ Rattle, when on the mound for the home team will be Don Blanken, hard working Riveter slabsman, and opposing him on the mound will be Michigan’s strong right arm, Mickey Stoddard, who is burning up the league with a (Continued on page 4)
Meat Cutting Experts
ield its annual picnic at the totaty Club Park yesterday afternoon at 2 o’clock. Approximately ^student members were guests of the honorary members at a supper at 6:30 p. m. Prof. J. W. Geiger and H. Wist of the Mechanical En-' gineering School were in charge of transportation. '
In the intermediate class Frances Estep took first place: Jean Hagemeyer, second; and Marguerite Hans, thifd. In the advanced group first place went to Marian Duke; second, to Mary Losey; and third, to Jane Pavey. The judges were Dr, K. D. Graves and Mrs. Gordon Thomas, both of Lafayette. Lucinda Redwine, president of the WAA riding club, presented ribbons to the winners. m.j.s.
To Give Demonstration
EXPONENT WORKERS All members of the freshmen and sophomore staffs most have their finpl schedules in my office hy 4 p. m. tomorrow evening. RUFFNER.
Meat .cutting experts of Swift and Co.,Uhicago, 111., will give a demonstration of their hrt Wednesday evening. May 28, at 8 o’clock in the auditorium of the home economiQU building. The demonstration will be sponsored by the foods department of the University. The program is primarily for members of the University commissary and purchasing department staffs, along with-cooks from fraternity, sorority, and co-operative houses, but the showing wdl be epen to the public. A sound motion picture will als<^ be shown, covering the purchasing, preparation, and cooking ofi various cuts. s.b.w.
iiii
mmPag£, 2-£dilA.
Friday, May 23, 1941
fiwuiuiL £xfumajnt
The Third Term By The Termite Over in Europe the Italian press is making veiled threats and nasty allusions. And warning whoever happens to be interested that “Italy has a long memory.” Now that may very well be true. But if we were Italy, we would be just as happy with . . . A short memory. * >!■ ♦ In fact, the shorter ., . The better. « « A good example of what we mean by forgetting is the Battle of Cape Mapatan. Mind you, we don’t say the Italians can’t fight. It’s just that they have . . . Bad lack. >i< * * In fact, in our opinion, they would have had a very good chance of winning that battle. Except that . . . Their ships sank. >l< * 4! Right here on our own campus Dean il^titter is busy calling attention to the Nation’s crying need for trained engineers. All of which has us rather puzzled. Because whether or not the nation needs engineers; the Dean’s right in there pitching . . . Trying to flunk ns out. * * The little man who names Pullman cars finally got around to honoring that revered heroine of the WCTU, Francis Willard. So in honor of this event the WCTU decided to stage a little celebration and christen the car. So they did and it went off very nicely. But we’re
PiVuLusl £xponsinL Entered as second class matter at the rost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and ■weekly during the Summei; Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, $3.60. Editor-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree News Editor John L. Traugott Business Manager Don S. Powers Publication Staff Managing Editor Leland W. Rnffner Associate Editors: J. F. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T, Brophy, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, E. J, Kieper. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. B. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Co-ed Staff Editor Ruth Rose Associate Editors: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatiield, Martha Jane Fox. Sports Staff Editor Phil C. Johnson Associate Editors: O. T. Clark, J, D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792; Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Rei>re8entatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. ' Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Jones Day Editor: Chatfleld Issue Editor: D. Ochiltree Sports Editor: Fraser Workers: D. T. Brophy, R. W. Boswinkle, W. G. Hoskins, D. E. Butz, A. Hunter, M, J. Schneider, R. W. DeMars. R. L. Miller.
JalL
In 1776, only 165 years ago, birth was given to a new nation with the signing of the Declaration of Independence. Since that time we, the people of this young nation, have lived relatively independent of foreign countries; we have never waged a major war singly against a foreign power. The few conflicts we have had, except for the world war have been minor affairs. We d^re surrounded by oceans and have seen little of foreign peoples. Out of this infrequent contact with other nations has grown a lack of concrete thought as to our relations with foreign powers. We have usually leaned toward the “little fellow” in foreign squabbles because we liked to see the underdog wing. In 1917 two million American men fought in France with no aim other than the hazy notion that “they were making the world safe for democracy.” Then after the war, the United States kept itself aloof of the or-i ganizations that grew out of the armistice. Thus in the 165-year existence of the United States, there has been little need for and little
use made of, intimate contact with foreign nations. However, we have now .undergone the great awakening, and have been slapped lyith the realization that^ our days of ostrich-head hiding have come to' an end. For the first time in our brief history, we face the possibility of invasion or waging war alone against foreign powers. The economic and political principles upon which this country was founded are at stake on the battlefields of Europe. Undoubtedly this country will have some voice in the final terms of the European battle. It may be in the role of a mediator or that of an actual combatant if we should pass that “short of war” marker .Whatever the form it should take, it is necessary that we start to think about carefully planned policies for dealing with foreign powers. As yet we have little or no idea of what the next peace will bring. If we fight, the American people want an armistice more successful than the last. Now is the time to analyze all factors and possibilities in preparation for the adoption of a policy with solid foundations. It is our generation that will live under the next terms of peace, and we want to be assured that there will be no recurrence of World War II.
‘■vS
amused no end by the whole affair. Because the “Francis E. Willard” . . . Is a Club Car. Complete with bar.
Scrivener Club . . . campus literary organization, wilhhold its annual picnic Sunday afternoon at 4:30 for all members. Those who plan to attend should obtain reservations from Frances Estep before Saturday. Transportation will be furnished.
Silver Mask
Most automobile license plates are made in state prisons.
Steppin ’ Out By Dorothea Buttonbender Five big dances will bring a whirling, pre-final examinations social season to a close this week-end. The University calendar shows that there are three summer formals, one semi-formal and one informal dance on the bill-affairs for tonight and tomorrow night. So, all you eds, get out your white coats and put a new crease in your 'formal trousers; and all you co-eds, look at your date books and make sure that you have an escort for at least one of these dances. —SO— At 9 o’clock tonight in the North ballroom of the Union the Alpha Xi Deltas and their dates will dance to the music of Maury Mahn and his campus band. The dance will be a summer formal affair with stiff front shirts and white coats in the limelight. —SO— Occupying the other ballroom of the Union, the SAE’s will hold a pre-exam summer formal dance. Irv Given and his campus band will supply the music for the affairs. The Union staff has prepared a special backdrop for the dance, carrying out the theme of the fraternity’s colors, white and violet.
Tomorrow night the campus will see the last triad dance of the year. The Alpha Kappa Lambdas, Alpha Sigma Phis and Phi Sigma Kappas < will hold their inter-fraternity summer formal dance in the South ballroom of the Union. P^ul Reedy and his campus band will play for the three Greek houses. —soever on Littleton Street the Sigma Chis will present a semi-formal Spring rush dance in the chapter house. Bill Martin and his band will provide the rhythms for the Sigs and their guests tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock. —SO— Away over at the other end of the campus—in fact all the way out at the University Airport—the University aviation organizations will highlight their annual “Air-minded Week-end” with an informal table dance in the hanger. The interior of the hanger will be appropriately decorated to carry out the aviation theme of air-minded week.
MlSifltt
Radio Guild To Hold Senior SeniorS
Farewell Party Tomorrow
. . . fencing club, announces the, election of the following officers: Albert Tower, president; William Reade^vice president; Cecil Oakes, secretary-treasurer; and Warren Koerner, corresponding secretary. Harry Burl was unanimously elected captain of the Fencing Team.
Radio Guild will hold a senior farewell party tomorrow evening at 7 o’clock in the basement of the Hall of Music. Guild members and their dates are invited and urged to attend and take part in the program which consists of dancing and refreshments, according to the committee in charge, d.e.b.
Don’t forget, Joes, all of the dancing this week-end will start at 9 and all lights must be out at 12 o’clock. Will we be seein’ you — STEPPIN’ OUT?
. . . will attend a picnic Saturday at Ross Camp. Some cars will leave the EE building at 3:30 p. m. and others will follow at 4 o’clock. The picnic will consist of baseball,
games, and refreshments.
TODAY-SAT.
HIGH SPOT OF A SUMMER'S DAY If the sun's unmerciful and you feel the need of a quick pick-me-up, drop in at Green Gables for a tall cold one and a refreshing sandwich. GREEN GABLES Lafayette's Largest Drive-In Between Main and Brown Street Levees
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
AND —
TEX
P/rre^
wsm-
THE
mMKtt wm" i monociEM ttam
PLUS-
MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS
MafeeTJE ^ BiRBIZOI I your Summer ^ Headquarters
New York’s Most Exclusive Hotel Residence For Young Women For the young woman who wants to launch on a career the day school closes . . . for the undergraduate planning to take summer courses ... or the vacationist who appreciates the added features of a New York holiday. The Barbizon, with its air of luxury living, its versatile program of cultural pursuits and physical activities provides the perfect background ... a complete library . . . art and music studios (equipped with Steiaway Grands) . . . swimming pool, sun deck and solaria, sqnash courts . . . gymnasium ... 700 rooms each with a radio. TARIFF. From $2; ' per day ' From jl2.00 per week Write for descriptive booklet C Lexington Avenue at 63rd $treel New York City
MARS Starts TOMORROW
FAYE •^aclr pAHlE I,, of
y Mary Beth Hughes Nicholas Brothers Wiere Brothers The Four Ink Spots '®‘“*^«’‘^LAST DAY— A NEW SCREEN THRILL!
ARTHUR KENNEDY‘JOAN PERRY
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Take off with this carefree crew —for a sky full of new thrills! It's Power Dive Drama! FLIGHT ANGELS with VIRGINIA BRUCE DENNIS MORGAN WAYNE MORRIS JANE WYMAN PLUS
The Brain Trust of Gangdom's most Desperate Criminals.Pittad Against a Cunning Old Man!
^ WILLFYFF ONOGRAM KAY WALSH PICTURE LYN HARDiNG
Mote. for Comfort!
SKIT-Shirts and SKIT-Shorts BY MUNSINGWEAR Streamlined SKIT-Shirt of soft, porous knitted fabric ... full cut for arm room as well as chest protection. Matching SKITShorts ... buttonless, non-bind-ing, non-twisting . . . with a special supporter feature. You’ve got comfort and fit!
SKIT-SHIRTS
SKIT-SHORTS
$50 $.50
Dori WASTE TIME!
If you need some of those used books and you do need cash— bring your used books to SOUTHWORTH’S
WE—PAY—MORE
SEE VS BEFORE YOV SELL
WmiBOCKgrSlfWYnCTE
»oa-«» fiAi WflT wAFAl%
1 ^1
fiiiAdue ^xfianmt
.Friday# May 23# 1941
0aeuL 3-SttofdJu
,5 f
I Tracksters Entertain Maroons Here Saturday Iri Season Finale Riveter track activities for the 1940-’41 season will end Saturday in Ross-Ade Stadium when the thinly-clads oppose a stiff Chicago squad. Field events will begin at 1:00 p. m. in the afternoon, and the first starting pistol for running events will be fired at 1:30. Good High Jumper . If the entire squad from the eliminated two Boilermakers “Windy City” makes the journey, ^ contest. Coach Hermon Phillips’ boys will * Five Riveters will participate in meet with strong opposition. High- their last collegiate meet. The senjumper Ray cleared the bar at 6 ions are Captain Ed Holderman, feet, 4 inches to tie for first at the hutdler Dave Rankin, of football conference meet. Teammate Ran- fame; Seth Anderson, high jumpfer.
PHOTO FINISHING SPECIAL -25cANY 6 or 8 EXPOSURE ROLL ANY 10-12-16 EXPOSURE ROLL - 39c - — ALL WORK GUARANTEED — / Free Parking in Rear Free Detiverf UIIVHISnV DRW N. Next to Post Ofl&ce N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. Hansell ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
$
$
for Your
USED BOOKS and DRAWING INSTRUMENTS We pay 50% in CASH for books in good condition# which will be used at Purdue next semester.
Highest cash price on aU other books, whether used at Purdue or not. University Book Store M. C. "Red SAMMONS, ’29 R. W. "Doc” EPPLE, ’40 Across form the Union Building, Next to the College Inn
BumiN'/iLom
And flicrt'a just what you'll do in a pcdr of our new Fortune ©oolators—holes punched clear trough catch the breezes for coolest of summer foot Gomioftl
lORTUNl B. & W. SHOE CO.
121 N. 4th Street
Phi Lambda Upsilon ... chemical honorary, announces the following as officers for 1941-’42; J. B. Montgomery, president; M. J. Sjttig, vice president; A. A. Harban, treasurer; and J. M. Branner, secretary. Dr. F. D. Martin is the faculty advisor and Dr. Ed J. Degering the Alumni secretary.
Golfers In Action Tomorrow
Riveter Links Squad Plays Host To Nine invading Teams In State Championships
Chuck Reeves, two miler, and Big Jake Weber, hurling the discus and shot. It is hoped that Saturday’s final examinations will not deprive the team of these men’s services. Records Broken The track season has been more than favorable this year. The squad has been undefeated in an outdoor dual meet, and several new records have been established by members of the team. Ted Tycocki annexed the indoor broad jump crown by spanning 23.7 feet of ground. Holderman set record times of 4:15.9 for the mile, and 9:17.1 in the two mile event. Rankin ran the low hurdles in 23.6, held previous^ by Sandbach and Gutting, and Jake Weber hurled the shot put for a record distance of 49 feet, 4 3-8 inches. The seniors and complete coaching staff will be the guests of honor at the first annual banquet of the recently-organized Spike Shoe Club, composed of all major and minor letter trackmen, r.l.m.
Students at Colorado State College “of Education are adopting an honor system. '
J/u
Sports Gestapo by Phil Johnson • Another Step Forward It’s a great day for the Boilermakers! Tonight the newest innovation in Western Conference athletics will find materialization as the Boilermakers face the current conference leaders, Michigan, in the first night baseball game between two Big Ten teams. Athletic Director Mai Elward and Coach Fehring have gone to great pains to give the students and the team something that is really worthwhile. Students will be admitted to the game upon'presentation of passports. There will be no reserved seats, the “come early and get a good seat” rule applying.
* i#
• Wolves Out For Blood Coach Ray Fisher and his Wolverine nine must win both of the games of the series in order to maintain their lead in the Big Ten race. One loss to the Boilermakers could easily mean the difference between a title or runner-up position in the final standing. Coach Fisher has not announced
A New Season— A New Hair-Do Obey the impulse and have a new and individual hairdress designed by one of our talented operators.
Co-Ed Beauty Salon snce (Fran) Harrison 210 N. Sixth
Florence (Fran)
Proprietor
210 N. Sixth St.
Dial 3718
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc’*
THE UNIVERSITY-GAB «500 If hats could talk, The UniversityGab could boast, “It takes three times as long to make me—I’m a Lee Water-Bloc and I have a gabardine band and binding to match —ahem—all for five bucks!” LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,” $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
vO-4
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York
U S PATENT OFF.
'SfiddJsiAiL. are exclusive dealers for ' LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new SPRING HATS Prices $3.50 to $5.00
iiMMAINSi:
cbMNnMoaitic.
The West Lafayette Country Club will be the scene of the annual Indiana Intercollegiate Golf Tournament, tomorrow, when the^first of the linksmen tee off at 8:30 a. m. Nine teams including the Riveter contingent, have entered the championships in which 36 holes of medal play will determine the wearer of the state crown. In addition to the defending champion, Notre Dame, the entries include Indiana, Franklin, Ball State, St. Joseph, DePauw, Wabash, and Butler. . Irish Favored
who he will start on the mound tonight, but it is thought that sophomore hurler Wise will get the nod. The young right hander has a nice curve and a speedy fast ball that should be hard to solve, especially under candlepower. * H" * • Boilermaker Finales On the other hand, the Boilermakers will be fighting for both wins in order to gain a .600 season’s average and to make a bid for a first division berth. The afternoon game tomorrow will end the season for the host nine. Coach Fehring has indicated that lanky Don Blanken will probably he on the mound to face the first invading batter. The remainder of the line-up is apt to be the same with the exception of the right field position. Merlin Gantz, who has been hitting the ball well the last few days, and who is a splendid defensive player, has the best chance of starting in this position. He is a left handed batter. * * * • A Basement Bargain The chance for students to see a night hall game between two topnotch clubs in a well-kept, efficiently lighted park is a great opportunity. If there is enough student interest in the affair it is quite likely that some night games will be played next year. It’s a great bargain. Let’s not miss it.
A strong band of visiting Notre Dame golfers will be favorites to retain their crown. Teams fronfit the South Bend school have worn the state title in ten of the past efeven years, and the record of this ye^s squad pomts to another victory, Riveter and Indiana teams have/ an outside chance of pulling an upset, alth<!)ugh they both have been beaten by the Irish in dual meets, played earlier this season. Although there might not be a new team champion, a new individual champion will definitely be crowned tomorrow. Walter Hagen Jr., captain of last year’s Notre Dame team, has left the title wide open with his graduation. Co-cap-tain George Dahl and Bob Hoffer, of the Riveter squad, have shown the best play, so far this year, and will make a determined try for the individual crown. j.d.f.
I M Schedulei
TENNIS Friday, May 23 4:15 p. m — Wells vs Pickering Mangold vs Winner (Sells vs Mees) Gardner vs Winner (Wells or Eden)
BASEBALL Friday, May 23 Diamond 10 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 9 or 1 (H Blasdel) 2 Delta Tan Delta vs Alpha Tau Omega or Phi Sigma Kappa (Geo. Sauter)
ALL CAMPUS GOLF Friday, May 23 Must be played today: Bruce Dixon vs J Simons Hoflfman vs Laddon or Hamilton Sprague or Kuntz vs Kregg or Proesel Greenstein vs Graham or Rieger Salzman vs Overley
POPCORN SACK—5c GALLON—15c Frosted Malt—Skirocket—5c
Dad's Place OPEN THIS SUMMER
Wsd ORADBS wiJtk COLLEGE OUTLINE SERIES If high marks are your goal this semester . . the best grades /ou axe capable ot achieving . then now Is the tune to equip yourseli with the tools that will insuie success. College Outhnes are designed fox that vexy puxpose—to make your courses "sink In" and "stick"—quickly, easily, and without wastehil ellort Stnpped oi details cumbersome in review, they set torth essentials in bold relief, thus pemutbng the reduction of excessive and uncertain note-taking at the beginning ot the course Arm yourseli now with the College Outlines you need and put them to work immediately .. , don't wait until panic grips i you a lew days before the Inevitable exams I
%
COUSOi COOTStS IN A NUTSHELL J
ANCIENT HISTORY (Due sootrf $ 73 ANCIENT Medieval & Modern Hist 75 BACTERIOLOGY Prin Cr Prac. ot . 1 25 BIOLOGY General 75 BOTANY, General 75 chemistry. First Year College . 1.00 CFTEMISTRY, Organic . . .1.25 CORPORATION FINANCE . . . I 00 ECONOMICi^S. Principles of , , ,‘75 EDUCATION History of ... 75 ENGLAND History of . 75 EUROPE. 1500-1848 History of . 75 EUROPE. 1 S'! 5-1940. History of . 75 GEOLOGY Principles ot ...» I 00 GERMAN GRAMMAR . , . 75 GOVERNMENT American , . , 75 JOURNALISM, Survey of , , 1,00
LATIN AMERICA, iRlstory ot . . literature. English, To Oryden LITERATURE English, Since Milton MIDDLE ACES, 300-1500 History NATURAL RESOURCES of uS. PHYSICS, First Year College » , political SCIENCE . « PSYCrfOLOCY Educational . . . P5YCH0LOCY General . . .. SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS Outlines SOCIOLOGY Principles Of . . . STATISTICAL METHODS . STUDY Best Methods of UNITED STATES, To (865, History UNITED STATES, Since 1865. History WORLD, Since t9l4. History ot ZOOLOGY General . * « . ,
t OO 1 00 1 00 .75 .,75 75 75 .75 75 » 00 J 00 I 00 60 75 75 75 l.QO
COLLEGE OUTLinE SERIES
-sfJ k.■m :-4
Paqa, 4 >
FUdoy. May 23. 1941
]pjuAjduM, £xfiomnt
Teams Await
(Continued from page 1)
Ag Students See Film On Nitrate Industry
record of three wins in four Big Ten starts. Last Friday Indiana handed Michigan one of setbacks it has suffered this cai^sTign, and in the box for the Wolverines that dhy was Mickey Stoddard who found the load too heavy to carry by himself, and as a result his team slipped a bit in their pennant race. Two weeks ago it was Mickey’s young sophomore teammate, Cliff Wise, a twirling artist in his own right, who bore the brunt of a savage Illinois attack that marked the initial | reverse for the league leaders! Gates 7:15 According to^detailed plans announced yesterday, the gates of Columbian Park will be thrown open to the public promptly at 7:15 p. m., about which time the Boilermakers will be winding up their batting drill. After the Riveters have left the field the Michigan squad will take over for hitting practice at 7:20 o’clock. Each team will be allowed a short time preceding the game for infield practice, and then at 8:15 o’clock the action begins. An interesting sidelight on the game is furnished by the fact that neither team has ever practiced on an artificially lighted diamond before, for it was only on the condition that the Boilermakers would not practice on a lighted field that the Wolverines accepted the invitation to play, since they had no
Yesterday at 4 o’clock in the Agricultural Hall, Dr. George N. Hoffer, mid-west director of the American Potash Industry, presented a film entitled “The Nitrate Indus-' try.” - This sound film had just been received from the Chilean Nitrate Educational Bureau and was designed, to be of a special interest to Agricultural students because it dealt with the use of nitrates in fertilizers. d.w.p.
Classified Ads
All Students: Tickets for the Aviation Week banquet Saturday, May 24, are available at the west desk of the Union. Tiekets for the Airport Dance may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Book Store, or the west desk of the Union, —MURRAY.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for ^sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable 't^ewriters, $29.75 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main St. Phone, 2779.
Scriveners: Picnic at Happy Hollow Sunday, May 26, at 4:30 p. m. Call Francis Estep for reservations before Saturday. No charge. —RIEGLE.
1 Physical Education for Women: Finals in P.E.W. 62-64-56 will bO held Friday, May 23, at 4 p. m. as follows! Archeryt South Gym; Baseball, Hygiene Room;' BowHpg, Biology Lecture Room; Golf, Biology Lecture Room; Tennis, North Gym; Individual, Room 204. Lockers must MS turned in by June 7 if $1 refund la desired. Clothing and equipment left in lockers after that date will be confiscated. —HAZELTON
Religions Council Peace Committee: Joint meeting'with F. O. R. at 4 p. m. Friday, May 23, in room 68 of the Union' to hear Bob Rumsey of the Friends Service Committee. Open to everybodjr. —MOFFET.
Apromodelers: Meeting Friday, May 23, at 7:80 p. m. ih room 303 of the Union. —DAVIS.
All men interested in delivering Exponents for School year ’41-’42, get in touch with Circulation Manager before Friday.
All EE Seniors: Those interested in annihilating the faculty’s softball team, plesise sign sheet on the bulletin board in' the EE building. (6-24) —POER.
Purdue Student Housing Corporation: Mass meeting Friday, May 23, at 7:16 p. m. in room 366 of the Union to elect new members to the board of directors. —MUSSER.
Zouaves: Meeting Friday, May 23, in room 103 of the Armory at 4 p. m. Old officers please be present. —GRAF.
Lost: Brown vimllet, near Golden' Shops. Reward. Call 4096. W. Taylor.
Tau Beta Pi: Initiates, call for your shingle at the Sigma Alpha Mu house, 417 Waldron St. —NOTHMANN
Debris Workers: Picnic will be Saturday afterhoon. May 24, for seniors, juniors and sophomores. Treats are, on sophomores. Bring transportation if possible. —SEIK.
Notices
such facilities to enable them to become accustomed to the unnatural lighting. Same Line-up As Usual Coach Dutch Fehring has indicated that he intends to conform to virtually the same lineup that has proved so successful of late, with Harry McFarren, seasoned second baseman who at the time of this writing boasts of a solid .349 batting average in Big Ten competition, as leadoff man. The remainder of the batting order will probably be as follows: Byelene, cf; Janish, Ifj Blanken, pitcher; Fisher, ss; Doherty, 3b; Young, c; McCaffry, ilb, and Gantz, rf. The week-end encounters will see the curtain being rung down on baseball for the year, and it is hoped that a large crowd of students and fans will be on hand to encourage the Boilermakers in their closing efforts.
To Whom It May Concern: Subscriptions to the Purdue Engineer which have not been paid to date must be paid before final exams. SIOLEE.
Pnrdne Outing Club: A "relaxation hike” will be held Saturday afternoon. May 31, with opportunities for swimming, boating, games and hiking. A picnic lunch will be served. For reservations please call Marjorie Ward, 41111 or Ted Parker, 36462 before Friday evening. May 30. Meet promptly at 4:30 in front of Smith Hall on State ^Street. Everyone is welcome. —PARKER.
All Members of Musical Organizations: Please return all' sheet music that 'belongs* to the University immediately to the Music Hall. —PETERSON.
' Baseball Managers: All Freshmen and Sophomores be at Columbian Park Basebffll Diamond at 6 :16 p. m. Friday, May 28. If possible bring a fiashlight. Sophomore managers, turn in petitions for Junior managerships. —DAVIS.
5dUtU Sdbtl
Main Street at 4th
^ Coiffure Creation
SKILLED
' Beautiful coiffures don't i • • • they're Created. takes experts to cre- ^ hairdress that f' iDake you look your best.
OPERATORS!
For Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs
•
Died 4287
Permanents.... $3.50 up
Continuous Soft Water
Take a lesson
from Arthur Murray’s Dance Teachers
$10 Worth of Lestons in Arthur Murray Dance Book
^ Generouc Jar of Odorono Cream
If the dancing instructions in this
new Arthur Murray Dance Book were given in his private studio it would cost SIO! See how easy it is to learn! And see how easy it is to ooM your partner when
you use ODORONO CREAM!
THE ODORONO CO., INC. P. O. Box C, New York, N. Y. Send me the new Arthur Murray Dance Book and generous introductory jar of ODORONO CREAM. I endpse 25>i to cover printing, mailing and handling. '
Name-
Address-
c
THESE ARE THE SLACKS, SPORT SHIRTS & ENSEMBLES
that Sport Champions have made National favorites .. tailored in cool, wrinkle-resisting summer fabrics
C
i'K’
Comfort where comfort counts • • • at waist and hips and thighs. Shaped for limartness •.: tailored for fit and enduring wear. With double belt loops for ready high or low adjustment.
500MAIHST
^ > I ( .
Shown in Gabardines, Pal|n Beacb, Tropicals and Celanese. In the new breeze-light Airtones, light tans, deep tans, blues and browns and whites, all priced to present the greatest Slacks value of Summertime ... at *$5.00 up SPORT SHIRTS . . . at...... 1.00 up ENSEMRLC: SUITS . . . at-. 3.50 up