^ ^ A i- A'/ *
^ -If isff.
Buy Your Ticket^ Vote... Prom King, Queen Named Tuesday
i>itf
FowmM ki 18t9
x/p04ient m t90i
.Volume 5f No. 10
Friday, July 11, 1941
Educators End Clinic Last Night '2,500,000 Persons To Get* Vocational Education For Defense' — G. M. Ruch Following the final series of discussions on various phases of education, the fourth annual Educational Leaders' and Teachers’ Clinic came to a close at the University last night wit hthe annual summer session banquet. A summary of defense training in the vocational schools was provided the educators at yesterday morning’s session by G. M. Ruch, chief'of the research and statistical service of the U. S. Office of Education, Washington, D, C. On the basis of experience in the past year, Ruch expressed the belief that close to 2,500,000 persons will be provided with some form of vocational training during the coming twelve months. At noon, the educators h^ard Paul B. Jacobson, principal of University high school. University of Chicago, discuss work experience at a luncheon meeting, while the afternoon was given over to an address by H, L. Caswell, of Teachers College, Columbia University, on “National Defense and the School Curriculum.” Speaking before Wednesday’^ general session. Bishop P. J. McConnell, of New York City, declared that “Christianity reinforces what democracy is now talking • about, and puts power behind it that it can get in no other way.” He added that “the need of getting a hopeful outlook was eversTwhere apparent” instead of letting the defeatism idea develop further. “Work has been taken out of the lives of young people and We have done away with it in our ways of training,” Aubrey Williams, national administrator of the NYA, said in addressing''the Educational Leaders' Clinic Wednesday night. “Young people today do not get the number of jobs they should. There are between 4 and 6 million who should have work now.” “The NYA has survived because it is the only institution providing employment for young people. The schools give the broader prepara(Continued on page 3) Navy Has 'Medicine Show' For Indiana Recruiting Drive Indianapolis, JuV 10.— (Special to the Exponent)—Announcement that a U. S. Nacy “Recruiting Cruiser” would tour Indiana, visiting small cities and towns during July and August, as a part of an intensified recruiting and advertising campaign conducted by the Navy, was made today by Lieut-Command-er D. Mc^Whorter, Officer in charge of Recruiting, Indiana Area, Ninth Naval District. Persons in the Lafayette area who are interested in any phase of naval work should consult Navy recruiting station officers in the Post Office, it was announced. Men are needed for forty-five types oi^work. Outstanding among these needs of the Navy are aviation machinist, stenographers, electricians, patternmakers, metalsmiths, shipfitter, torpedoman, radioman, boilermaker, aviation metalsmith, turret captain, seaman, carpenter, ordnanceman, yeoman, bombsight mechanic, boatswain, quartermaster, aerographer, Diesel engineer, fire controlman, fireman, diver, parachutist, weldter, water tender, storekeeper, hospital apprentice, cook, musician, commis(Continued on page 2)
Purdue Men Finish Course At Randolph Randolph Field., Tex., July 10.— (Special to tiie Exponent)—A degree from the “West Point of the Air” will be added to the academic backgrounds o feight former University students on July 12 as they successfully complete their basic flying training at Randolph Field, Tex. They are: " Covington B. Arterburn, Louisville, Ky., ’33-’36, Phi Kappa Sigma; Alexander Blair, Henderson, Ky., ’38-’40; Gerald J. Dix', Sullivan, EE '39; Harold R. Ebbeler, Indianapolis, ME '38; James A. Huffman, Monticello, Ind., ’38-’41; William D. Keys, Rocheste]^ Sci. '40; Lyman W. Shedron, Indianapolis, Ind., ’39-’40, and Bert A. Weinshenker, Cincinnati, Ohio, ’38-’40. This class of pilots-to-he entered the enormous south Texas basic ing completed 10 weeks of primary training school*on May 2 after havtraining. At primary schools they logged some 66 hours of flying time in 200-horsepower planes and gain-' ed the experience necessary to handle the 450-horsepower basic trainers at Randolph. Having completed their basic training these embryo pilots go now to advanced schools where they will specialize in either *single- or multi-motored equipment, preparatory to taking their place with the newly-created Air Force Combat Command. And in September these youngsters will win their wings and be commissioned as second lieutenants in the Air Corps Reserve. ^ Every five weeks finds new students between the ages of 20 and 26 entering the 30-week course, destined to become military pilots. 125 House Directors Conclude Four Week Training School Today One hundred and twenty-five prospective housemothers from more than a score of states will conclude a four-week training propram at the University today. Mrs. Ruth McCarn, counselor to women at Northwestern University, will present the closing talk this morning with a discussion of the interview as a counseling technique. Following her talk, Mrs. McCarn will lead a final question hour before noon. Seven objectives which should be the common goal of both the housemother and educational institutions in dealing with students were outlined Wednesday afternoon by President Elliott, in one of the climaxing addresses before the third annual House Directors’ Training School. President Elliott^ listed the seven objectives, which he aptly termed “Life and the Seven ‘C’s’,” as follows: 1. Competency—Contributor ot Production. 2. Conservator—Continuance of Healthy Life. 3. Cultured—Comprehension of the Otherness of Life. 4. Curiosity—Champion of Truth. 6. Critic—Non-conforming Individuality. Not Cynical. 6. Civic—Impersonal Co-opera-tion. 7. Character—Conduct in Action. The Confluence of thd Other Six C's! In commenting on the impiirtant work of the housemother, President Elliott expressed the opinion that a new category of teacher was being established. He termed them “professors of those things in general that include human personality in particular.” “We are unconsciously wise in knowing that there is an unexplainable part of education,” added Dr. Elliott. “Your business adds to the great* educational enterprise some enrichment of the human spirit.”
Announce Judges For Music Fete Tickets 75c For Adults, 25c For Children; Lanny Ross Appears As Soloist A group of prominent music judges for the University Music Festival July 19 has been secured by Festival Director A. P. Stqwart, it was announced yesterday. T|iey include Esther Goodwin, young Chicago contralto who has appeared frequently in Chicago’s Grant Park concerts. Miss Goodwin has also been soloist with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra on numerous occasions. Other voice judges will be Charles LaBerge, of the voice department of the American Conservatory of Music, and Vassie Darnell, for many years a member of the Chicago Civic Opera. LaBerge is recognized as one of America’s foremost voice teachers and coaches. Miss Darnell is ndw a teacher and coach of vocal work, also. The Music Festival, which will be held in the Music Hall, will include in its activities the State preliminary contest of the Chicagoland Music Festival for choruses, vocal and instrumental soloists, and baton twirlers. \ The instrumental and baton twirling contests will be in charge of Joseph M. Ragains and will be judged by Ragains, iMarshall Howenstein of the West ^Lafayette Public Schools, and B. A. McAdams of the Jefferson High School faculty. The festival contests are open to the public without charge and the evening festival featuring Lanny Ross, tenor, of radio fame, begins at 8 p. m., Daylight Saving Time, in the Hall of Music. All seats are general admission and sell for^-J5c for adults, and 25c for children, 12 and under. Tickets are on sale at University Drug Store, Southworth’s, Deac’s, Union desks. Music office. Decker’s, the Fieldhouse, and at the door of the Hall of Mu-
Student Draft Prospects May BecomeEnsigns Five thousand college graduates from all sections of the nation will be enrolled in the four-month U. S. Navy Reserve midshipman ensign training course, it was announced yesterday. Naval officers emphasized that college graduates who will soon be classified under the 1^940 Selective Service Act may enroll in the V-7 ensign reserve training course and thus be deferred from the draft and at the same time train for officer’s commissions. University students interested in the training course may apply to Dr. S. J. Miller, of the student health service, at any time during the summer session. If enough candidates are secured in a group. Miller said, they will be examined by naval officers at the health service office. Otherwise candidateswill be provided transportation to the Indiana Naval Reserve headqu^ters in Indianapolis for examination. The first training period will begin in September at Northwestern University, on the U. S. S. Prairie State, or at the U. S. Naval Academy iin Annapolis. According to navy recruiting officers, students who enlist for the ensign training will have to serve in the navy only until the end of the present emer(Continued on page 3)
Spaeth^ Presents Common Sense In Music' At Banquet
An Editorial.
President Elliott
Book Ban With Flag Waving j Outlines New '3 R's'
In Education Speech
Our staunch Indiana patriots have once again raised the beautiful, shining sword of bigotry to save the “American Way of Life.” This time it is text-book burning. The haloed citizens of our Hoosier city of Richmond haven’t actually built the fire yet to destroy the public school texts, but one of the members of that city’s enlightened school board has made public his feelings in that respect. Then after all the text-books are burned, the happy people of Richmond may continue their old pastime of breaking heads in industrial strikes. All textbooks written by Harold Rugg, one of America’s foremost writers of public school texts, were officially banned from Richmond schools at the last meeting of the school board. It was at this meeting that one of the board members made the statement that they should all be consumed in a warm, rosy bon-fire., Of course the Richmond book fire is not exactly original, a previous modern exponent of that art being Adolf himself, but it at least show sthe temper of the times. Official reason for the ban was that “they sowed seeds of doubt concerning the worth of the democratic system and private enterprise.” Dr. Rugg, a sincere believer in the democratic system, has been called a communist before, and he probably wiU not worry too much about the bit of Richmond fascism. But it worries us because book bans and book burnings are rotten, depraved acts that have no place this close to home. What worries us even more, however, is that at the same time the books were banned and the board member recomfnended that they be given to the fire, the school board ordered the purchase of 200 American flags to be distributed in the school classrooms. Now we have no objection to American flags, but for those two acts to take place at the same board meeting is a little more than irony. It is just plain pitiful. The origin of the anti-Rugg campaign is with the National Association of Manufacturers through Sidney Sokolsky, chief labor-baiter and publicity man for that reactionary organization. That there is absolutely no truth in the charges that Rugg’s books are communistic has been attested by numerous educators, newspapers, and educational societies. About a year ago an Englewood, N. J., committee of parents and taxpayers issued an 18-page pamphlet completely exposing the charges against Rugg as based on prejudice and ignorance. Franklin P. Adams has frequently come to the defense of the Rugg books. Perhaps the most pig-headed attack on the books has come from a member of the Daughters of Colonial Wars who issued this bright statement: “The books tried to give the child an unbiased viewpoint instead of teaching him true American-
ism.”
When true Americanism cannot stand an unbiased viewpoint, we shall start a movement to colonize the Belgian Congo with Americans who believe that truth is more important than a / group of sub-morons waving a flag.—J. L. T.
Lon Mann To Conduct Sport Clinic Program Monday In Fieldhouse As the second of a series of three sports clinics planned in connection with the summer session, Lon Mann, veteran Boilermaker trainer, will discuss “Training Problems” on' Monday night at 7:30 o’clock in Room 107 of the fieldhouse. Following Mann’s address, there will be an open discussion period. The clinic will be open to the general publis as well as the student body. The final clinic will be held on Monday night, July 21, when Mai Elward, director and football coach, will discuss various phases of the gridiron game. ^Games On Green' Tuesday Night, North of Fieldhouse “Games on the Green,” a weekly program of recreational events for summer session students, will be held Tuesday evening from 6:30 until 8 o’clock on the grounds directly north of the Fieldhouse.
Teetotaling Metz Has Role Of Soda tbver In "Our Town' Editor’s Note: This is the Second of a series of articles concerning the persons who will have parts in the Summer Playshop’s production of “Our Town,” One of our teetotaling students, Haskell Metz, EE ’41, h^s the role of George the soda-fountaiii' lover in Playshop’s “Our Town.” Haskell gets drunk only three times a year which qualifies him for the simon pures of the community. Having been born in Pittsburgh, Metz soon migrated to other unciv-'^ ilized places, mostly Florida. His parents live Washington so there is nothing Hoosier about him. He thinks Indiana is all right, however, if one has lived in Alaska a couple of years prior to residing on the banks of the “dirty Wabash.” As yet he hasn’t lived in Alaska, but -enjoys debating the relative merits of Lafayette and Nome. He is an activity man of sorts, having dabbled in radio plays, playClub. His two experiences in Fowler Hall were ih “Bachelor Born” and (Continued on page S)
By Fred, Jones “My entire approach and my attitude tonight will be entirely optimistic,” said "Sigmund Spaeth the “Tune Detective” as he began his musical disertation last night at the fourth annual summer session banquet in the north ballroom of the Union. Spaeth, pincipal speaker for the evening, proceeded to entertain the audience of approximately 400 students, faculty members, and special guests with a discussion and demonstration of what he called “The Common Sense of'Music.” He discussed various ways of approaching music and illustrated his defin.ition of music, which was that “music is the organization of sound toward music.” After the dinner part of the evening, the program opened with three renditions by the sunmier chorus consisting of fifty students under the direction of A1 Stewart. They sang first “Prayer Is A Key to Heaven,” a Negro spiritual arranged by Walter F. Anderson, with Carolyn Wood as soloist. Another Negro spiritual, “Was Ah ’Fraid” by Williams, followed, and then the short program ended with “God Shall Guide Us” from “The Call to Freedom” by Victor Herbert. Alberta Schmadel was the soloist for this latter number which wa sas A1 Stewart said, “very appropriate” for the present time. The official greeting delivered by President Elliott followed iptrodqctions administered by Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Summer Session acting as toastmaster. Dr. Elliott outlined what he called the “modern three R’s” of education, namely the right to enjoy health, the right of all youth to skilled work, and the right of all youth to an understanding of our own bill of rights. He said that the University, “especially during the summer,” does attempt to teach these three new “R’s.” After his presentation to the audience, Spaeth opened his part of the evening by saying that in making music more appealing to the public, he trjes to “find point of contact between music and the average listener.” “The best point of contact,” he continued, “is a tune, a melody.” “Rjecognition is the first step toward appreciation or rather enjoy-"' ment of music,” but there are various ways of approaching the subject, Spaeth contended. Then followed his definition of n^usic and the addition that “soimd is a handful of tones,” but this handful of tones is “not definitely beautiful.^’ Throughout the lecture-demon-stration he illustrated his points with various musical scores and brief snatches of familiar music. He built his presentation of the greater part of his program around what he called “the five organizing factors of music.” These factors he named as rhythmic pattern, melody, harmony, tone color, and form. “Music appeals simultaneously to the head, the foot, and the heart,” he explained. After several examples of simplo rhythmic patterns, he developed numerous samples of two-, three-, and four-tone melodies. Examples of two-tone melodies cited were “Japanese Sandman,” “My Buddsp*^ and even Beethoven’s famous fifth symphony. In this latter he also showed thal: the rhythmic pattern, is three short and one long rap. In connection with his tune study, Spaeth spends much of his time in (Continued on page 8)
% W 'Z n
1 Vffe/f , ‘ ' - ’ , .
K
^eujSL 2—£dUjd
Friday, July 11, 1941
ffu/ukuL £xfwmnJL
The Fifth Column
We see by the papers where a Carlinville, Illinois farmer has fallen in his rain barrel and drowned himself, and that FDR has ordered United States naval forces to occupy Iceland. That move plus his hints of a new government agency have us somewhat worried. This new alphabetical agency is called . • . The AEF.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post oflice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized Jahuary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly durinfe Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 50 cents.
PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TRAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.: D. S. POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471
Draft officials have not ordered them reclassified. * 4> «
According to his own statements the president has seen war—^and hates war. However tiiese are troublesome times and we all have to take things as they come. And then too, he might like war better . . . If he saw it again.
Taking the hint from striking industrial workers, prisoners in the federal penitentiary at Leavenworth, Kan., have gone on a sit down. In protest to an increase from a 38 to 44 hour week. They were turning out 2,000 pairs of shoes for the army a day. So far . . .
As for the Russians and the Germans, they are still going at it tooth ahd toenail according to all reports. Moscow states that the mad butcher of Berlin has lost 700^00 men or better to date. And from Adolph we understand that the Muscovite team has lost literally thousands of tanks and airplanes in senseldM resistance to the finest army in the world. Pf course both sources are definitely unreliable, but never-the-less the Ukraine must look like . . . A cross between a junk man’s and an undertaker’s lipnception of heaven.—dkh
They're In The Army Now
What Is National Defense?
Well, it’s beginning to look like an Army. We refer to that incident in Memphis where a detachment of soldiers yoo-hooed some girls in shorts whilS’ slogging past the country club, and then, to compound it, razzed alieutenant general who, disguised in mufti, undertook to shush them. The general then made his identity known in traditional military style. He gave men and officers a dressing down in language it had taken him 40 years in the Army to learn, and it is to be hoped that his junior officers took copious notes, as such knowledge is pricelei^s. Just to spice up the dressing, the general then Ordered a 15-mile hike by all hands in the detachment. ' And as they marched those weary miles the men sang a little ditty which contained pointed references to the quality of the general’s golf game, said ditty set to the tune of a famous song about a certain Mademoiselle. That squared the account, in Army style. It’s a yarn for the book. An epic of Army anecdote that will be told and retold over the years, and like the “first man over the wall” in the Chinese Boxer Rebellion, the number of men involved in this incident will increase with the years and with the telling until the detachment will more nearly resemble a division than a mere battalion. It might be that Gen. Lear has performed what amounts to a public service. He has changed the character of his command from “draftees” to “soldiers.” He has created an “old soldier” tradition in an Army which up to now seems to be distinguished chiefly for hostesses, mechanical potato-peelers, few salutes and general circumspection.
There are a lot of things which go to make up an Army ,and not the least of them is the tradition built up from personal and intimate anecdote. That also is one of the priceless things about baseball. Dugout “jockeys” make effective use of such anecdote, and baseball anecdote, like Army anecdote, becomes in time part of the folklore of the nation. For instance, the story about'^Hughey Jennings, who when manager of the Detroit Tigers took his team to Cornell University for an exhibition game, Cornell being Hughey’s alma mater. When the game was over, Hughey ran stark naked from the dressing room to the indoor swimming pool hard by, shouting over his shoulder, “last one in’s a rotten egg.” Hughey then made a sweeping swan dive into the pool—in which there was no water. For years the “jockeys” rode^him with the chant, “How deep was the water, Hughey?” Gen. Lear’s men will probably engage in many a skull-and-knuckle battle when some one yells “Yoohoo,” but secretly they will feel that throughout the Army this incident represents a sort of accolade. When they yoo-hooed they did what soldiers everywhere do when they see gals to yoo-hoo at, and Gen. Lear dished out what soldiers usually get when they are caught
being themselves- Truly, they are in the Army now. —The Indianapolis Times.
To Look Smart LOOK CLEAN
Trust those more delicate summer fabrics to the cleaner who guarantees you better and more careful workmanship at no higher prices. West Side Cleaners’ service gives you the benefit of modern, scientific, worry-proof methods, yet you pay no more. Prompt and careful delivery always. As a special favor to our hundreds of old customers and as an cleaning at lower prices.
West Side Cleaners
Pbone 4081
Vine and Northwestern
Grin And Bear It
by Lichty Navy Has 'Medicine..
Everyvs^here in the United States today statesmen, politicians, and just plain people are clamoring for -“National Defense.” We wonder how many of them actually realize what it means. How many of these frantic spell-binders think of national defense as more than billions of dollars invested in guns, planes, and destroyers, and thousands of men under arms in draft camps ? National defense is the protection of all of the peculiar institutions which we group under the broad term, Democracy. True, a great part of this protection is obtained through physical prowess and that material strength is definitely needed right now. But what about the moral support behind the arming program? Th^t is as much a part of national defense as guns. Tanks and planes alone cannot guarantee our adequate national defense; the people must desire this defense and back up these weapbns with their moral integrity. We must be made to know what we are defending and why. We must recognize our enemies, both the deliberate agents and the unconscious will-nilly fellow-citizens, and dedl with them accordingly. To ]bombat them with assured knowledge and honest praise for the advantages of our way of life over any other is our moral duty. We must first account for our blessings, then fight for them. Everyone else in the world except we secluded Americans knows that we have the most free, the happiest, and the most prosperous country on earth. It’s not perfect, but it’s worth defending to the last ditch. ^ Knowing that national defense means more than the physical power of resistance, it should be clear to us that we cannot close our eyes, stop up our ears, and say, “Let Hitler have Europe; let him run wild; we don’t want any part of Europe or of him.” We should know that the Nazi system is directly opposed to our American system; the Nazi idealogy denies all of the freedoms of our democratic way of life. It scoffs at freedom of the individual, of speech and of press; it places the state and the rule of a dictatorship above everything else in life. Our national defense both moral and physical begins at the frontier of all opposing idealogies believing in force for furtherance. Thus our ai dto Britain, Russia, and to China is all a part of our own national defense. Our fir«t line of defense is no longer the American navy alone; itis the'battle fronts.of our common-en-emy allies everywhere.—Fred Jones.
‘Otis certainly has grown up these last eventful monthsin December he was writing to Santa Claus—now he writes to our^ktngressman!”
Golf, Steak Prograi
For PE Men Today
Golf on the University course at 2 o’clock this afternoon, to be followed by a steak fry on the picnic grounds north of the stadium at 7 o’clock tonight will comprise the program for the first of three social events planned for summer session students and staff members of the division of physical education for men, it was announced last night by Elwood Yeager, chqjirman of the student committee in charge. Reservations for the picnic and golf should be made bj/ phoning 3076. The committee has also made plans for golf and dinner at the At-
tica Country Club on Friday, July 18, to be followed by* golf on the University course and a final banquet at the Lafayette Country Club on Wednesday, July 23.
For a brilliant church tWedding ... or for a charming home wedding . . . RYTEX-HYLITED Wedding Invitations and Announcements are in perfect taste.
HAYWOOD’S “Everything for the Office" Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette PHONE 4085
HEALTHFULLY COOL
\Awmm
—TODAY - SATURDAY-
i Iggsg rilh lames STEPHENSON • Geraldine FITZGW Starts SUNDAY
UIPINO GARrioil Fieiy Outcasts of‘SeaVMMn
OUT OF
THOMAS mHELL EDDIE ALBERT
mxBrnimiHi
GORGEOUS GIRLSl BILARIOGS rjINI The Big Musical Show!
TONY
Starts TOMORROW
'WEST POINT WIDOW"
MARS
HEAJLTHFUUY COOL
(Continued from page 1)
sary steward, gunner signalman, printer, pfiotographer, bandmaster, painter, bugler, pharmacist’s mate, hskesf optical mechanic, dental technician, horizontal homer, molder, and steward. Indiana has been selected by the Navy Department as one of the three states where the new recruiting and advertising campaign will be conducted as a test for the remainder of the country, LieutCommander McWhorter said. Iowa and Missouri are the other test states. The “Recruiting Cruiser,” equipped with the latest office and medical facilities will visit Indiana cities presenting a program in each town. Additional equipment of the cruiser includes a public address system and facilities for motion pictures. A crew of four or five Navy men will travel with the unit during the two month cruise.
HEALTHFULLY COOL
LUMA
Today - Saturday—2 hits
with John Howard • trod Crawford • Binnie Barnes
PLUS
jOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN —
'LAW OF THE RANGE'
SUN.-MON.—2 Features
BUD ABBOTT LOU COSTELLO THE ANDREW SISTERS — IN — 'BUCK PRIVATES'
— PLUS
LORETTA YOUNG ROBERT PRESTON — IN —
'The Lady From Chyenne!
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE-
I ney^ro iho DIM-WIT9 of the BRIGHT. LieHTSI
wHh f ALAN MOWB^Y DONALD MacBRIDB ELISABETH RISOON
— PLUS — GAMBLING ON THE HIGH SEAS with WAYNE MORRIS JANE WYMAN
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
A Capering Campus Romance Loaded With Laughs!
Botk
•jl940\
ACADEMY AWARDI WINNERS! TOGETHW,
in fhv
, f
■pidun^
singer:
'lAMES:
nEWART
Ai, 4
...'a'-
I
' ■> ^«fM
/.
/
f>MubuL gxpemaa.
Friday, July 11, 1941
>
K
'■^Uf ‘ {>v'
Eduotors End Clinic cream GWh And Bear It
(Continued from page 1) Manufacturers In Capital
tion for life, the cultural training) t^nd a program of employment merely as a chore^ in the school structure would destroy that structure,” Williams declared. ' “It is important to the welfare of the nation that young people be kept in a loyal, healthy happy state of mind. Young people denied access to society and to work will develop anti-social attitudes and distrust toward society,” he said. Military competence alone is not adequate to maintain the continuity of civilization, declared Henry Otto, Hinector of the Kellogg Foundation, Battle Creek, Mich., as he empha- ■ si^zed the place of the home in defending democracy in an address before the teachers Wednesday morning. Expressing the belief that wars are not won or lost on the field of battik, Otto said, “The home is by far the most important educational
Dr. T. K. Cowden of the farm managepient department was in Indianapolis, Wednesday night, where he addressed a dinner meeting of the Indiana Manufacturers of |ee Cream at the Antlers Hotel.
He challenged the visiting educa- ' tors to give concertedT'attention in three different fields: First, parent education; second, health education, and third, social studies and citizen-' ship. He also made a plea for a thorough-going study of the processes involved in group discussions. Dr. Charles Lawshe, guest professor of trade and industrial education at Purdue who is on leave of absence as dean of the Mechanic Arts School, Evansville, presided as chairman over the Wednesday morning session, and B. E. Myers, principal at ConnersvUle high school, and Ralph W. Sheek, superintendent of schools at Franklin, acted as discussion leaders.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant
NU CHINA CAFE
409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards
University Book Store
M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R.W."Doc"Epple'40
School Supplies
DEACS Everything for a College Education
W.XAFAYETTE (RsmlaL wbrary
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER DAY - 10c MINIM-UM
by Lichty Sfudenf Draff... Spaeth Presents
• * e
“Think of a number!”
Students who work their way through school—about 60 per cent —at the university of Texas average better grades than their nonworking colleagues.
Teefofaling Metz
(Continued from page 1)
University of Coiinecticut is adding a two-year agricultural course to train students as farm managers to offset a shortage caused by demands of defense industries.
Conclusion from a recent metabolism test at Texas Technological college is that moimtain-bom coeds should eat more than those who come from the prairies. ''
So yDJJLVSL SoL £L ^[smofL?
Then let a competent garage mechanic squeeze the difficulties out for you ...
When your cor starts acting badly don't think you hove a lemon. Any of. the competent automobile mechanics at Pete Anderson's con iron out your difficulties, thus making your cor a^ sweet, smooth-runnixig chariot. So don't think you "have a lemon" when your cor breaks down. ^
Drop In or doll
Peter Anderson Company
"After You We Come First" 525 Alabama St. Phone 4048
What^s in a Paint Job?
Quality paint is the foremost factor m a good paint job. With high quality workmanship naturally becomes better. ]M(ake your dollars go farther and last longer, also with ^^Pittsburgh*’ paint when you redecorate for summer. Inside or out Pittsburgh paint will do the job better, yet you spend no^ more.
HUNECK'S
GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
Table Linen Sheets Bed Covers Clothes
CROWN
Offers Only THE BEST
(Continued from page 1)
(Continued from page 1)
gency or in the event of war. This marks a departure from the former three yea renlistment period. All candidates must be natiye born citizens of the United States, from 20 to 27 years of age, unmarried at the time of enlistment and remain so until completion of training, be able to pass naval reserve oflicer physical requirements, and possess a bachelor of arts, bachelor of science, or engineering degree. The four-month training .period will include one month as an apprentice seaman and three months as a midshipman. Immediately upon completion of the four-month period, commissions as ensigns in the naval reserve will be granted. Salary will be $125 a month, plus $18 gratuity fee a month, and $169 uniform gratuity as soon as commissioned. Eyesight requirements are not as the air corps, Dr. Miller said,, and rigid for the ensign training as for students who failed to pass the flying physical examination for that reason are permitted to take the reserve exam.
To provide students a method of “democratic student control,” Westminster college has set up a weekly “open forum” chapel period.
shop, debating, and the Scrivener “Room Service.” Ot)ier assorted facts about Metz, not presented ,to indicate ansrthing, are that he has black hair, admires the late Thomas Wolfe, and currently states for publication that he thinks Thornton Wilder’s play “Our Town” is fine, especially the part of George who knows nothing about Algebra, but is a whizz with a woman and a soda fountain in combination.
Allan Hancock foundation at University of California, hbusing work in zoology and botany, contains more than 100 laboratories, two auditoriums and a radio station.
Virtually all types of offensive formations in collegiate and professional football arp modeled after the Rockne single wingback and the Warner double wingback systems.
court rooms as an authority on tunes. He attempts to determine whether certain tunes are stolen from other works or not. “My chief job (there) is to put musie into words of ^ne syllable, and that is the most interesting part of Tune Detective work,” he said. Examples of three-tone melodies given by Spaeth were all common bugle calls, our own “Star Sp,angled Banner,” and many other national anthems including Germany’s, and France’s. The popular “Three Blind Mice” was another three-tone example cited. Picking simple tones, he said, “You’ll find you can make a quite respectable waltz melody with only three tones,” and preceeded to do so. Musical pieces from “How Dry I Am” to “Lead Kindly light” and including the “Merry Widow” waltz are four-tone melodies which he played. Another part of this interesting musical school was Spaeth’s demonstrations of the choruses of many songs containing lines from older tunes. He included in this category “Say It Isn’t So” by Irving Berlin, which he showed contained a line from a different tune for almost every one of its lines; although he said this probably happened quite by accident. As a conclusion to his interesting study, Spaeth reversed the process, took the poem “Jac kand JiU,’-’ and set it to musical tunes. This he did in three different and amusing ways as follows: the old oratorical version, the old Italian grand opera
Catholic University, Washington, D. C., possesses the largest collegiate campus in the District of Columbia—^more than 160 acres.
style, and the current hillbilly style. “I take music as seriously as anyone else, but not hard,” he explained in apology. “Music can be treated as a recreation as well as an art.” Spaeth closed with the “theme song of the Tune Detective,” “Yes, We Have No Bananas,” which, in characteristic style, he broke down into four different original tunes.
■■afiiiR ■IKIlf
^ COMPLETE selection
nmEBOOKj'StimywM
mrflT iArAVfTTt
In the Good Old Summer Time
you cau be comfortable and look prim if you depend on CROWN to look after your summer cloth^.N Spedal^ equipment for pressing and finisblng^ summer suits.
CROWN LAUNDRY Fine Cleaners o/ Fine Clothes
\