< -ifSftpr Ml ... ^4#%!
__Froin All Fronts— Todays Summary Of War News
Vo Chicago Daily News Foreign E^rvice. Dopyright, 194P. Chicago Daily New*, Inc, “Germany from the start has taken into calculation the possibility of American help to Britain” and “every ship with or without convoy that comes to their help will be torpedoed,” Adolf Hitler said today, speaking on the eighth anniversary of his rise to power.
Dema, important Italian stronghold on the coast, has been taken by the British Army of the Nile, it was announced in Cairo yestel:day._The British force is pushing 150 miles westward across the desert toward Bengasi, against stiff resistance.
Wendell Willkie, who is cutting short his visit to Britain and will return next week, has been mingling not only with officials but with the ordinary Britisher. One of his experiences was a game of darts in a pub. ,
An uppermost problem right now on both sides of the Atlantic, cables William H. Stoneman from London, is how the United States can best back up the economic warfare on the Axis. Arms take time to make, but London thinks economic aid can begin at once.
The Germans have resumed the long-range shelling of Dover, London reported yesterday. At the same time widespread air raids were carried out on the British Isles, several attacks being made on the metropolis.
What Montevideo officials believe to be the first real evidence of local Nazi armament has been discovered, radios Allen Haden. Thirty crude hand bombs were found in the river bed not 30 miles from the city.
xponent jg 0m/f 0mcm /9C6
Volume B2, No. 101
West Lcdoyette, bidiana
Friday. Idnuary 31. 1341
Dunbar And Agnew Will Play For Triads In Union Tonight
The Royal Air Force delivered its 42d attadc on the German naval base of Wilhelmshaven during Wednesday night. Bad weather has been _preventing activity in the air, London explained, although Hannover was made a target on Sunday.
Japanese mediators, in the hearing at Saigon, yesterday begin weighing the fate of French Indochina. The undeclared war between Thai and Indo-China, which has been in progress for three months, brought about the meeting. Concrete Mixers To Meet For Two Day Short Course Between 160 and 200 owners, operators, and managers of ready mixed concrete plants together with designers and users of the product are expected to attend the two day short course to be held on the campus on Wednesday and Thursday, February 5 and 6. Professor R. B. Crepps of the civil engineering school will open Wednesday afternoon’s program with a discussion of the operating problems of the industry. Following this two representatives of the Indiana State Highway department, S. W. Benham, research engineer of the bureau of tests, and R. F. Berns, assistant construction engineer of the LaPorte district, will take up the specifications, control, and inspection of ready mixed concrete for highways. Concluding the program will be a discussion of th« use of the ready mixed product for structures by various architects and contractors. Wednesday morning the concrete men will be shown a series of demonstrations concerning the design and control of concrete mixes under the direction of Professor Crepp. In the evening Professor Charles Murphy of the history, economics and government department will be the principal speaker at an informal dinner. An open discussion on control and transportation problems in which a i-epresentative of the Portland cement association will participate will be held Thursday morning and the course will close in the afternoon with a consideration of cold weather problems and a question box. t.b.n. Compere Loveless . . . CE ’85, is now employed as interstate engineer with the Pomona Pump Company of Pomona, California. d.e.b.
Formats In Order For Dancing From 9 To 12 Members of the Northwestern Triad and their guests will dance tonight at 9 o’clock in the South ballroom of the Union to the “Tantalizing Dance Rhythm” of Charlie Agnew and his orchestra. The PKP Northwestern Triad made its debut into campus social life two years ago and has now become an annual event. The name was derived from the fact that the three fraternities, Phi Kappa, Kappa Delta Rho, and Phi Kappa Tau are located on upper Northwestern avenue. The crests of the three fraternities upon a white background will comprise the backdrop. Bandfronts will be maroon with the Greek letters cut out in silhouette. The dance will be strictly formal with tux or tails required. Bids are necessary for admission. Miami < In the North ballroom, Byron Dunbar and his 14-piece orchestra will swing out for the anndal Miami Triad, which owes its existence and name to the fact that Sigma Chi, Beta Theta Pi, and Phi Delta Theta fraternities were all founded on the campus of Miami University. Modernistic trends are featured in the colorful design of the backdrop. Dancing will be from 9 till 12 with formal attire in order and bids required for admission, w.m.c. Opening Charm School To Feature Style Show WSGA and YWCA will cooperate again this year to present their annual series of Charm Schools for all women students. The first program is to be held Wednesday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in the Union. Miss Kathleen from Block’s in Indianapolis will present a style show, the models for which will be University co-eds. Virginia Diehl from WSGA and Kathersm Ade from YWCA are planning the Charm School programs for this year. Charm School IS conducted for all co-eds. At the meeting Wednesday, YWCA members can order recognition pins to wear on their coat lapels. The pins, which are new to organization members, are small and triangular shaped. They will be inexpensive if enough girls order them. Betty Woelffle is in charge of selling the recognition pins, a.c.d.c. Discussions Highlight Gunners' Conference The 14th annual Indiana Canners’, Fieldmen’s and Growers’ Conference will be held on the campus February 4 and 6. Highlights of the conference will be the discussions on the production and canning of su-per-quality tomatoes, peas and sweet corn. Also awards will be presented to Indiana’s champion tomato growers of the year. The annual banquet will be held in the Union on Wednesday evening. Honored guests will be the champions and medal winning tomato growers, who will be christened “Knights of the Red Tie.” Music will be furnished by the “Wandeying Gypsies,” directed by A. P. Stewart, University choral director, d.e.b. Exponent Staff Freshman and sophomores should get their work night preferences in immediately. Write first three prefi* erences in that order and name on a slip of paper and put in my box. Staff for tonight: Purcell, Allanson. Rose. Workers: Armstrong, Broph;^, Kolb, Smith, and deBruyn. Heiple
'P' Blanket Hop Besides ending the game with Indiana Saturday night, the final gim will also be the signal for Dick Cisne and his orchestra to start sending soft music through the Union ballrooms. It is the night of the “P-men’s” annual Blanket Hop, so called because proceeds from the affair go to buy those big “P” blankets for the senior lettermen, Cisne’s band features many novelties and' unusual interpretations. Jumbo Red Miller handles the entertaining and vocalizing end of things. Red joined the band in 1939 in St. Louis, while they were doing an engagement in the Forest Park Highlands Ballroom. At that time Miller had been singing on local radio stations. His modem interpretations of the latest blues numbers have proven a drawing card. The band itself is composed of eleven pieces with a combination of two trumpets, two violins, three tenors, string bass, drums, piano, and vocalist. By emphasizing different instruments, the orchestra achieves either a s3ntnphonie or sweet swing effect. Petite Marilyn Duty provides vocals. Tickets for the affair, priced at one dollar, are still available in front of the Sweet Shop, at the west desk of the Union, and will be sold at the door. It’s strictly informal, according to chairmah Ted Axton. Sweaters, skirts, saddle shoes— anything worn at the game will be proper. r.r.r. Professor Hall To Speak On 'Propaganda And Trufh' Prof. Frank Hall of the history department will speak to Wesley Foundation students Sunday evening at 6:30 o’clock on “War Propaganda and Its Analysis.” The purpose of this meeting, which is the first of a series of meetings on world problems, is to help listeners distinguish propaganda from actual truth in the reports of world affairs. Ann Pierce, chairman of the meeting, states that all interested students are invited to attend the meeting held in the West Lafayette Methodist Church and that questions pertaining to the subject matter will be entertained at the close.
d.e.b.
Pan-Hellenic Council Plans Lecture Series For Courtesy Week According to an announcement made yesterday by the Women’s Pan-Hellenic council, sorority “courtesy” week will be held this year from Wednesday morning, February 5, to Friday evening, February 7. Sorority pledges will live in the houses during this period and will be governed by the rules of the Pan-Hellenic council. Copies of these rules have been sent to the president of each house. The council has planned a “fraternity education program” for the period, and all former types of “hazing” have been eliminated. The program will consist of a series of three lectures, one to be given each
day.
At the opening meeting on Wednesday afternoon, Mary Bake, national secretary of Delta Delta Delta sorority, will discuss the begining of sororities and a girl’s relationship to her sorority after graduation. The lecture on Thursday will be held at 7:30 when Dean Alice Lloyd, dean of women at the University of Michigan, will discuss sorority-uni-versity relationships. The period will be concluded with a talk by Dean Stratton on Friday afternoon. Dean Stratton will discuss sororities at Purdue. All the meetings will be held in Fowler Hall and all sorority pledges are expected to attend. Actives are to attend the Thursday evening lecture, while their attendance at the others is optional. r.h.r.
New Union Musical Show Scheduled For March 15 By R. R. Runnion Encouraged by the response to their Thanksgiving show, “Everything But Onions,” Union has decided to try another. It’s to be on March 15 in the Music Hall. The title, one of those double things, reads “Harem Scarem and/or The Sultan Is a Lady” and gives an idea of the double dose of enjoymeht spectators will receive.
Authors Enthusiastic Even the authors are enthusiastic about it. “How much of the plot should we let out for publicity?” whispered writer Willis Wells to co-author Bill Hayt, “Well, we might tell them the beginning and the end,” he answered. Maybe it’ll add to the suspense to say that it starts in Doc Miller’s office and ends somewhere in the year 800 B. C. How, you ask? We aren’t sure ourselves.” They both acted somewhat dazed. We did find out though, that it is to be a hilarious musical show. Bill Martin’s band will provide the music for the many solo and chorus numbers. Monty Carpenter, Student Union vice president, is in charge of the show. Willis Wells is to be director and producer. Bob Bauman will direct all dances. Doug McDaniel is head of the prop department, Catherine Kern has charge of costumes, and Hal Knight will take care of ticket sales. Tryouts Monday Tryouts are to be held Monday, February 3, in the North ballroom of the Union. The call is for actors and actresses, solo and chorus singers, ai^d specialty and chorus dancers. Rehearsals will start about February 7. “This is the sort of thing that shows our parents what taleiit we have here on the campus,” said Carpenter, “and those who are not accepted shouldn’t be discouraged, for they stand an excellent chance of making the Varsity show later this spring.” March 15 was chosen as the date of the show because it is the first “Mid-term Folks Day,” a new holiday to be observed on the campus henceforth. Professor Phillips is the faculty sponsor of the show, r.r.r. Paintings On Exhibit In Union Music Room Hobby paintings by Ethel Rankin and Lydia Whitelock have been on exhibit in the Music Room of the Union since January 26 and will continue to be shown until February 7. Dave’s Mother Ethel Rankin in private life is Mrs. David Rankin, Sr., mother of football star, Dave. She attended art school at one time and later was a public school art teacher. Six years ago she became interested in oil painting and since then has studied at Northwestern university, the Fort Wayne Art School, and with Sister Rufinia in Lafayette. Her former work was mainly in charcoal, pastel and watercolor, but for the past two years her oil work has been exhibited publicly in Iowa and Indiana. Professional Designer Lydia Whitelock is a native of Philadelphia and has studied^in the Corcoran Art Gallery in Washington, D. C., the Adelphi academy in Brookly,n N. Y. and the Fort Wayne Art School. She was for a time a professional designer in New York. One of Mrs. Rankin’s paintings on display is of the Wabash river here at Lafayette and several others are also of local interest. Most of the paintings are for sale and may be purchased through the Puttering Shop. m.r.f. L. E. Fawcett . . , CE ’31, has recently been placed in charge of all road construction work for the Earl Walker Company, Inc., Sullivan, Hlinois. d.e.b.
Exchange To Use Freshman Workers Books are still being received by the student book exchange in the south ballroom in the Union. Sold book lists will be posted by next Monday. Although official freshmen callouts for Union have not yet been made, freshmen who wish to do so may now come out as they are needed for work at the exchange. Any freshman wishing to work should get in touch with Roscoe Starek at the exchange for instructions. t.b.n. W.A. Hanley To Speak AtNexiASME Meeting W. A. Hanley, president of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers and new member of the Board of Trustees of the University, will address all senior engineering students and members of the student branch of the ASME on “National Defense” Tuesday, February 11, Dean A. A. Potter of the Schools of Engineering announced yesterday. Holder of an honorary doctor’s degree from Purdue, conferred in 1937, Mr. Hanley graduated from the University in 1911 and is now director of engineering for Eli Lilly and Company of Indianapolis. He supervised construction of an European factory in England for the Lilly Company in 1938-39. Before becoming president of ASME, Hanley was widely known for his activities in that organization and for civic work in Indianapolis. He is a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity and developed a financial system that has been adopted nationally. The talk is scheduled for 10 a. m.
Musicians Recenre NewAppoinhnenfs In University Bands Appointed to the highest of musical ranks in the Purdue Military and Symphonic Bands, Copt. H. A. Todd, senior ME, and Capt. P. E. Hassler, senior Ag, were promoted to the coveted rank of Master Musician last night by Professor P. S. Emrick as the band met for the first rehearsal of the semester. Based upon musical ability and accomplishment with the Purdue bands, these musical appointments were awarded in view of the outstanding work of these persons. Capt. Todd is quite active in the musical affairs of the band through his capacity as assistant director along with his duties as head of the french horn section; while Capt. Hassler is solo cometist and in charge of the comets. Chiefs Second only to the rank of Master Musician is that of Chief Musician into which the following were appointed: Lieut. R. A. Krull, Capt. J. E. Crim, Capt. M. H. Smith, and Lieut. C. R. Watson. <» Those appointed as Superior Musicians include: Lieut. J. M. Hannon, Lieut. C. B. Gaugh, R. D. Martin, F. J. Leininger, Sgt. R. A. Sprenger, Lieut. P. J. Fenn, Lieut. D. E. Haines, Sgt. R. K. Gast, and Sgt. A. C. Flackbert. Appointed as Principal Musicians were: J. G. Martin, L. J. Hess, Lieut. E. J. Mundorf, R. H. Schnell, C. G. Moon, Lieut. C. G. Yates, Corp. R. B. Clifford, Corp. F. J. Hemler, Sgt. N. L. Downing, Sgt. R. J. Coers, and E. D. Nordsick. Appointed to the rank of Musician were: P. M. Patterson, Sgt. V. L. Lawhead, Sgt. W. E. Brown, P. C. Johnson, D. C. Ross, Corp. J. Byers, J. M. Merriell, Corp. W. A. Hammer, R. O. Shideler, B. R. Finck, Corp. R. W. Hemmingsen, and P. Bass. Union CaUonts Student Union is issuing its freshman call-out for 4:16 p. m. in the South Union ballroom next Monday, February 3rd. This is the one and only call-out of the year. At the meeting, freshmen will be able to become acquainted with Union and its activities and will enable them to get a better understanding of it and so give them a good foundation for Iheir Siqihomore work in Student Union. t.b.n.
Ken Scott, Life Of Intramural Office, Tells Tales Of Travel
By Ernest Nordlinger Have you ever passed the intramural office and noticed the extreme laughter and gaiety that sometimes pours forth ? This gaiety is usually centered in a group of fellows in a corner of the room, where Ken Scott has his desk. And it is Scott, assistant to Chief Clevett, who keeps the stories rolling. Usually the laughter is over his travels and of the people he has met. , This reporter sought definite iniformation instead of the many wild tales on the life of this great guy. One afternoon after shooing away his admirers Ken told his life history. Enjoyed Royal Vacations During his vacations from Utah State University, he secured a position as driver and guide for a sightseeing bus that traveled through the National Parks. Among his tourists in Zion and Bryce National Parks, were several prominent movie stars who were on location. The following summer Ken became private chauffeur for the movie company that he had encountered the previous year. Utah had been selected as the place to film “Drums Along The Mtffiawk.” Here Ken met Wallace Beery,
Heiuy Fonda and Tim Holt. He often chauffeured Claudette Colbert and Linda Darnell, the stars of the movie. When questioned about the big tourquoise ring that he wears, Scott blushed and said, “Its from one of my actress friends.” (Claudette Colbert). College Athlete Ken Scott was a stellar athlete during his college days at Utah State in Salt Lake City. Besides being Student Intramural Manager he received letters in track, football and baseball and held down the end position while on the gridiron and while shortstop on the diamond. He received his BA last June. Entering last September as a PE graduate student, Ken has become assistant to Ife. Clevett in the Fieldhouse. Ho freely expressed his plans for" making a more unified sports program for our campus. First ei all he wants to see a regular sp<nts broadcast over WBAA. Such minor sports as archery, rifiety, lighting, etc., are to be given a square deal in Ken^s balanced sports program. Aftmr inaking this campus.sports consdowh ha erarid like to be a director of athletioa./T ■*
m
>k,
% ^i-
(fhts^ l^^diJtA
TMoy* lanttary 31# 1941
iPiiJiduiL £xfWfUint
h
M
♦1
Joein' 'Round By Peg Howard We never thought we’d survive finals well enough to “joe” again, but it seems that not even a faculty “dam” can stop the social swim around here . . . sooo . . . here we goo., .1^ l^onight we have two of those “getting to be a habit” triads. In the north ballroom of the tJuton, ihe Phi Delta Thetas, Sigma Chis and Beta Theta Pis are joining ranks to pay for the music of Byron Dunbar and his fourteen piece orchestra. The dance is called the Miami Triad with the frats basing their kinship on their mutual foundings at Miami University. In the South ballroom the Phi Kappa Taos, Phi Kappas, and Kappa Delta Rhos are staging another “fratemithree” dance to the music of Charlie Agnew and his popular orchestra. Contrary to popular belief, this dance is called the Northwestern Triad because all the houses are located on Northwestern avenue and not because they were founded at Northwestern U. « * All students belonging to campus Co-op associations and their guests are invited to attend an informal dance in the West Faculty Lounge tonight from 9 till 12. There will be no admission charge and music for dancing will be furnished by recordings ♦ ♦ ♦ Of course, tomorrow night all eyes will be turned on the basketball court at the Fieldhouse when Purdue’s defending champs meet Indiana’s imdefeated gve in what really should be a killer-diller-thriller. Regardless of victory or defeat, Purdue eds and co-eds will trip over to the Union ballrooms
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
— AND —
JACK HOLT
•AUHlIl M9La Columbia PJtturo
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
NaiM
TOMORROW
The Double Horror Show of the Decade 1 BEWARE!!! If your nerves and heart are weak! If you can't stand the sight of torture!
Wi DARE YOU TO SEE ITl
The Case For Intervention
Dear L. W. R.:
Your letter which appeared in yesterday’s Exponent is one of the clearest statements of the opponents of the present trend in the United States foreign policy that it has been our privilege to read./ We can find little fault with your reasoning, in fact, we can point to several editorials which appeared la$t summer in which we took the same stand. The point is however, just as we maintained last summer and as you have also pointed out the United States has been on the road to war since the adoption of her “cash and carry” policy with regard to war materials. With this in mind let us proceed. You say that we are on the road and that we must stop—^but can we? We, or rather the government, made that decision the day they sent the fifty battleships to England. Why? Because at that moment and by that act we involved our future so definitely with that of England that we cannot possibly divprce our future from theirs. Furthermore, in a competitive society such as ours, some one nation is bound to rise to the top and control and direct world economics, if not politics. The United States has lived for 176 years in an economic world essentially dominated and guided by Great Britain. We have built our whole economic system on this basis and unless we are prepared to compete with Nazi economy or revise our system to conform with theirs we are forced to defend the outposts of our system. This is no doubt intolerant but it is the intolerance of self defense. That we might be forced to defend our own land by fighting in a foreign country was something that was hard to understand a year ago. But today it is a hard and cold military fact that if we ever must defend ourselves “it is better,” in the words of a friend of ours, “to choose our own time and place for the battle” and that place is not America! Ralph A. ciaypooi Elmhirst To Address
. . . CE ’25, has recently been appointed district sales manager of the Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa and Michigan territories of the Osgood company, Marion, Ohio, manufacturers of heavy excavating
equipment.
Ciaypooi, in his undergraduate days, was an outstanding football player, holding down the center position for three years and also serving as captain of the team.
immediately after the dance to hear Dick Cisne’s orchestra (and incidentally to help raise funds for lettermen’s blankets) at the annual P-Men’s Blanket Hop. Dress for the dance will be informal with athletic sweaters, cardigans, and saddle shoes being apropos.
LUMA TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
^ OP «IIB BtACIk
ALSO-
Starts TOMORROW
with RUTH WALTER HUSSI^ • PIDGEON RmI Shipptnl Nat NEUY'SrmiDWiCK* PENDLETON LAST TIMES TODAY —
SHERIDAN BRENT
uffimieTU
LAST 2 DAYS
Mat. 40e Children . 25c Taif included EVE.—All Seats 55c Tax included
SHOWS AT 10:00 a. m., 2:00 P. M., 7:45 P. M.
The ^th Colmnil Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthau came through with an announcement concerning our financial status the other day. Said he, if we keep on spending at the present rate the national debt will reach its legal limit inside of four mopths. And unless congress gets busy on the bill raising the debt limit to 66,000,000,000 iron men We’ll just have to quit borrowing. Looks like we don’t have a choice anymore. What difference does it make how we feel about owing money to ourselves. There just ain’t no argument left. It’s now a case of pass the bill. Or the hat. * IT ♦ See by the papers where collegiate football’s arch enemy, University of Chicago’s president Hutchins, went into conference the other day and came out for no involvement in foreign war. Seems as if he could leave that stuff to FDR. Afterall, when he abolished the gridiron sport at the U. of C., did Franklin whip into a conference? And come out fpr football? * * ♦ Shattering a ten day lull, the Germain air force resumed its policy of dropping scrap iron on London’s ash heap yesterday. And personal eye witness for the president, Wendell, spent the day underground. Inspecting air raid shelters. >i> * * Speaking of the savior of our country, and recalling to mind a certain Harry Hopkins who also lunches with the King and Queen these days, we have been waiting for FDR to send one more courier with a note to his English friends. And then watch the CIO. Organize them into a messengers international. * * * Willkie was near tears the papers reported. As he viewed air raid shelter conditions. That’s over there. Over here ex-ambassador to Berlin James W.
The Purdue Exponent iiinterMi ma •eeotitl eiMa UatMT Kt iHwt oliice in ier tsrette, Indtau, ufider the iwt •( Coasnu at Mareh S, 1879, and at the epeeiaL rate at poetatce praHM tot in leetton 1108, net ef Oetober 8,1917, aathorued Jannary 20, 1922. Published dally except Monday dnrlnc the regnlar aeademle year and Weekly dnrln# the SimUBee Seasion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, nwil anbseriptlon $8.80. Kditot-in4%laf S. W, Donahne
Baslnass Manager^
-Merle Hateaaeyar
IVdAA AUVESaeaOtIJV JIUM8M|eCSW e A#* Ve Ue We MJmi Promotioa Manager, C. F. Dan^emajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Olrealanon Manager,
Racktenwald.
PublicgHon Stiff
Mewa Hdltor J. H. MbKea Managing Bditota D. K. Helpla Associate EdHois: W, B. Haaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Pnreell, L. W. Boffner, ft, M. Skallenip, J. L. TiaugoU.
Buainets Staff
Lo^ Advertising Managen: D. N^Powets, G. 0. Landers;
‘ ■ ;connts
ft. M.
Co-id Stiff
Kditor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Bnth Boee. Donna Sless. s
Sport* Stiff
Editor — - J. P. Dolan Assoeiata Editois: J. F. Adameon, P. C. Johnson, ft. O.
Swaim.
Phonm: Edito^at 4005; Builnm 5038; Sport* 2792 Bepreaented for national advertising hy National Advertising Service, Ine., College PnbHshers Bcpresentativee, 480 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Stiff For Tbi* l*ano Night Editor: Sfcallerup Day Editor: Sless Asst. Night Editor; Hadley Night Sports Ed.: Johnson Workers: T. Novey, D. Buts, R. Runnion, W. Rafert, A. Chatileld, M. Losey, J. Bamsdel, P. Howard.
Special Convo Today In Agricultural Hall A special convocation will be given this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Assembly room, Agricultural Hall, at which time Leonard K. Elmhirst of Darlingtong, England, will discuss “Impact of the War on an Agricultural Economy.” Elmhirst is a native of England, a graduate of Cambridge University land carried on agrrcultura work in India prior to World War I, after‘'which he secured his degree from Cornell University. For the past 15 years he has been doing rural industrial and agricultural work in England. Several years ago he organized the International Conference of Agricultural Economists and is recognized throughout the world as a pioneer thinker in agri-
cultural problems.
Since last October Elmhirst has been in this country visiting land grant colleges and hopes to complete his tour of them by March 24 when he will return to New York
City.
He meets informally with groups of agricultural leaders in every state to discuss the effect of ^ar on agriculture, both nationally ^nd internationally. He is meeting today with University officials including Dr. E. C. Elliott, Prof. C. W. Beese, Dean H. J. Reed, Assoc. Dean V. C. Freeman, and G. S. Meikle. This evening he will dine privately with Dr. W. V. Lambert and Professors Reed, Lloyd, Hockema and Freeman. Elmhirst will conclude his visit at the University tomorrow noon when he will meet with the farm management staff for an informal luncheon in the Union, w.m.c.
"It Pays to Shop at Penney's" Complete Lines of Clothing and Sportswear /. C. PENNEY CO.
Neutrality Is Only Choice, Eire Contends By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECLA.L RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc London, Jan. 30—Why is Eire neutral? Why, when less than 30 miles away to the east. Great Britain is fighting for' her life and, as the British believe, for the freedom and independence not only of herself but of all the small nations, Eire included, as well? Why, when less than a two-hour ride from the capital of Eire, a part of this island is also at war ? Why, especially, when the majority of Eire’s imports—^tea, wheat, oil, gasoline and fodder for its thousands of livestock—are being brought to Eire in British ships, convoyed by British destroyers and seaplanes? What answer do they give in Dublin to President Roosevelt’s question: “Would Irish freedom be permitted as an amazing exception in a world not free?” I have asked that question of Dubliners—of Premier Eamon De Valera and government officials; of taximen, newspapermen, maids, housewives and businessmen. I have asked farmers down in County Clare and County Limerick, fishermen and county squires. I have received a variety of answers. The vast majority believe that neutrality is the only policy Eire can adopt now, and while some doubt whether it can be maintained throughout the war, they generally express the fervent hope that it can be. This is not a war of their making, one is told, and so long as there are British troops in Northern Ireland they will not be convinced that Britain is fighting anything but an imperialistic war. Harp On Sins Of Past It is very difficult to turn the discussion from negative to positive matters; from what the British should not do to what they should do; from what Eire will not do, to what it will do. Inevitably, discussion of present day affairs leads one back to the CTomwell troubles and the Black and Tans. I had
Amsier Leads Ag Students In Breeding Champions Roger Amsier of Rensselaer, a freshman in the school of agriculture, has consistently outshone the agricultural colleges, purebred breeders and large scale pork producers during the past several years in the showing of Hampshire hogs. In three years, Roger’s purebred Hampshire barrows have won four all breed championships, five breed championships and nine first place ribbons at the International Livestock Exposition. At the Indiana State Fair, Roger has won four all breed championships, eight breed championships and nine blue ribbons. ,
been told that it was wrong to believe that the Irish constantly hark back to the past, but every conversation I had did dwell on the past sins of the British. Many Anglo-Irishmen and, to their credit let it be said, many intelligent Englishmen as well, have little good to say of British policy toward Ireland up to 1923. For stupid handling and blundering it is generally agreed to rank pretty high. Reasons For Neutrality And there you have two basic reasons why Eire is neutral: First, centuries of British blundering that has inculcated an almost fierce hatred of the British; and second, uncertainty as to the outcome of the war. That is not to say that if tomorrow events made British victory absolutely certain Eire would necessarily abandon its neutrality, but it would probably change the picture decidedly. One gets the impression that a large number of Irish people, perhaps as many as 60 per cent, or higher, do, in their heart of hearts, believe that only through British victory will Irish independence be preserved. There are those, however, who believe the contrary, who believe that Germany’s new order in Europe holds out the greatest hope for the future.
tZ Jjudh^juL (^on^oMum,! It"s KITTY FOYLE, Secretary—Emotionally undressed, trying to explain herself to herself . . . Daring, intimate, dramatic!! ... It had to be written by a man because no woman would admit what it reveals. A picture no man should miss ... no woman could forget! GINGER ROGERS BRINGS TO LIFE CHRISTOPHER MORLErS WHITE COL-
LAR GIRL.
n Next Week
\\
KIHY FOYLE NWHAW
MICHIGAN ALKALI CO., Wyandotte, Mich., Feb. 6. ChE. Sales, production, research, engineer ing positions. AMERICAN VISCOSE CORP,, Wilmington, Del. Early in Feb. Sr. ChE, EE, ME, and Chemists. Production, design, laboratory, air conditioning positions.
y
y
Gerard is demanding war. And so we have the order and the appeal. If only the little man with the mustache would quit defying us. And declare war. We could be spared all this wind, and water. >!■ * * And blame him for starting it too. d.k,h.
Companies not visiting campus but seeking men through Personnel Office. A c Spark plug div. of g. M., Flint, Mich. EE and ME. DEVOE & REYNOLDS CO., Louisville, Ky. Srs. and Graduates in Chem. and ChE. RANGER AIRCRAFT ENGINES, Farmingdale, L. I,, N. Y, ME. SOCONY-VACUUM OIL, Brooklyn, N, Y. Junior ME and ChE. V. E. SPROUSE COMPANY, Columbus, Indiana, ME. WESTERN ELECTRIC CO., Kearney, N. J. ME.
Personnel Notes
Companies Coming to campus the week of January 27, 1941. NATIONAL STARCH PRODUCTS, New York, N. Y. Jan. 81 and Feb. 1, 1941. Sr. ChE, ME, Chemists and Graduate Chemists. SCOVILL MANUFACTURING CO., Waterbury, Conn, Jan. 81. ME, EE,-and Met. E.
Companies Coming to campus the week of February 3, 1941. CARNEGIE - ILLINOIS STEEL CORP., Chicago, 111. Feb. 3 and 4. EE, ChE, Met, E, and ME. GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Schenectady, N. Y. Feb. 3, 4 and 6. Training Course—Engineering positions, GENERAL ELECTRIC CO., Schenectady, N. Y. Feb, 3, 4 and 6, Training Course— Business positions. INGERSOLL-RAND CO., >Jew York, N. Y. Peb. 3, 4 and 5. ME and EE. BABCOCK & WILCOX CO., New York, N. Y. Peb. 4. ME. STANDARD OIL CO. OP NEW JERSEY, New York, N. Y. Peb. 4, ChE and Chemists, and ME. MICHIGAN ALKALI, Wyandotte, Mich. Peb. 6. ChE, GENERAL MOTORS CORP., Detroit, Mich. Peb. 6, 7 and 8. ME, EE, ChE, Met. E. GRAND RAPIDS STAMPING DIVISION OF G. M., Grand Rapids, Mich. February 7. ME and EE.
Companies Coming to campus— Date to be announced. AMERICAN VISCOSE CORP., Wilmington, Del. Date—^Indefinite. ChE, EE, ME and Chem. CARNATION COMPANY, Oconomowoc, Wise. Date — Indefinite. ChE, ME, & Agri. (dairy). B. P. GOODRICH CO., Akron, Ohio. Date—^Indefinite. Sr, in Eng, or Science (economics).
fHl,«. (*4-* ^ f ir‘^ I ‘ i / 5 < ■! ■* •< , ^ ^ ^ '' rtr ti J '(W O } V, Vf ^
Y V 5
^ S' ^ > ^
^ ■« j ’ 4*'“ ^
fijuJulwL £xfuHmnL
FHdcqr. Icuituciiry 3L 1941
fieuuL 3 •
f,
n* ■ /" Hill ir * Riveters Prime RiYctcr CdQBfs Hold Ldst ScrimmdQC ForWindyCHy B f I ■• I • Y Run Tomorrow
Before Indiana Invasion Tomorrow
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Indiana is'coming to town for a rather priceless basketball engagement tomorrow evening, Tom Melton has received a conscription questionnaire from the Lowell, Indiana, draft Isoard, and freshman football hopes have been somewhat brighieneid by the registration of one Vince DePrancisco, a transfer from Washington U. out on the west coast. —I-I— Besides the above mentioned grief and encouragement, this campus has another accomplishment to boast of—that of our Golden Glove tepm which appeared en masse in Lafayette the other night much to the discomfort of CCC camp entries and other boxing organizations entered in the Lafayette Golden Glove tournament, I. saw three Purdue men in a row win by knock-outs in less than seven minutes. _ Also, the Benna coached boxing team was marveled at because of its marvelous condition. Mickie Hau, in the 160 lb. class,_ and a kid named Koach, in the 13;5 lb. class, were two Purdue men who lost very close decisions; however, their battles were the feature of the evening’s show. -1-1— From Evanston, 111., high school comes this DePrancisco boy. He’s a big tackle, tipping the scales at well above 200, and he played with the University of Washington freshmen last fall, but decided to change schools to get a little closer to home. If DePrancisco can play up to par with Berry French, a truely great freshman tackle here at school, varsity tackles had better purchase longer cleats to stay in starting positions. Wow, how this French lad can remain stationary in spite of opposition! Just ain’t the kind ya move out of play easily. —I-I— Activity around athletic director Elward’s office indicates that this institution will play host to the largest football clinic this spring that has ever been held in this section of the country. More than 400 coaches are expected to attend.
Boilermaker Tank Team Treks Korth To Meet Spartans This afternoon at 1:30 p. m. the Boilermaker swimming squad will leave for Easf Lansing, Michigan, where they meet the Michigan State Spartans in their third dual meet of the season. The Riveters are out to avenge a defeat at the hands of the strong Spartan squad of last year, and although the Michigan State team dropped a close meet to Ohio State last Saturday they are rated as an equally strong 'outfit again this year. " , State Copies Our Pool Added significance is lent to the occasion in the fact that dedication ceremonies are to be held for the new Michigan State swimming pool. Oddly enough. State’s new pool is an exact replica of our own, and the Boilermakers should feel at home in the familiar surroundings. With mid-semester finals over, the Riveter squad lost no men due to ineligibility and will be at full strength for the encounter. 14 On Traveling Squad ' Following are the names of the 14 men who are scheduled to make the trip: Capt. Siler, Branner, Herr, Carney, Horn, Kratzer, Lake, Tingley, Williamson, Anderson, McC!redy, Ancker, Ochstein, and Prakas. r.w.d.
That tall slim fellow you see sitting outside the sweet-shop each afternoon is Ted Axton, “P” Club president. If his ambition and interest in the “P” dance tomorrow evening, after the Indiana game, is an indication of what the dance will be like, the shin-dig will be a howling success. The fellow who said, “watch his play, and you will fortell his other activities,” was sure correct in Axton’s case.
65th Reneyfal Of Annual Rivalry Turning in their last hard practice of the week-end in preparation for two of their toughest contests of the season, the Boilermaker hardwood forces went through a spirited workout yesterday afternoon. Beginning their drill with usual basket shooting and then going into a fast break drill, the squad closed the afternoon with a lively scrimmage. None of Lambert’s proteges remained at this occupation very long, however, since numerous substitutions were in order on both teams, and a freshman team provided opposition part of the time.
With the fate of this season’s Boilermaker hardwood record in the balance, the Riveter forces are doing everything in their power to prepare themselves for the surprise they hope to deal to the downstate quintet tomorrow night. Refiecting the importance of tomorrow’s clash is the fact that in this sixty-fith renewal of the hardwood feud between the two Indiana state schools, none of the 9,000 seats in the Riveter Fieldhouse will be unoccupied.
Hoosiers Hold Odds
Although everything points to Indiana lads as the probable victors, the local netters are very likely to turn the tables on the Cream and Crimson quintet and come out on top. At the present time, as has been the case all through the season, Coach Lambert’s biggest problem is putting a team on the fioor that IS large enough to be potent
on defense.
In both of the conference contests that the Riveter team has lost this year they were leading at the half, but were unable to hold back the offensive attack of their adversaries later on after the recess at the half. In an effort to correct this weakness, rangy Don Blanken will again see action at the center spot while Fred Krampe, the towering sophomore guard from Indian-
apolis is also likely to be in the lineup at the time of the starting gun. Blemker will probably see action at the guard spot opposite
Krampe.
Riveters Hold All Time Lead Refieclion over the outcomes of hardwood battles of other years between Gold and Black and Cream and Crimson quintets will tend to bolster the victory hopes for followers of Boilermaker athletics. Last year was the first time in history of the rivalry that sprang up in the year 1901 that the Hoosiers were able to come out on the long end of the score in both of the games of the home and home series, but Riveter teams have been able to accomplish this feat 20 times. Boilermaker aggregations have scored 61 victories against the 13 that Indiana teams have gleaned in the rivalry between the two schools. Tomorrow night, with the renewal of this old rivalry basketball enthusiasts fyom over the country will be either more certain that the 1940-41 Hoosier team will win the Big Ten title or else will have to admit that Piggy Lambert has worked another miracle in turning underdog team into a real winner,
d.w.m.
Ice Cream
DAD'S PLACE
Quarts 1 Pints 2 for / d&O'
So Handy
Wi APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
ALWAYS WetCOMf AT WALSRCillS 0RU6 STORES
SAVE ON
UP TO 25% YOUR SUPPLIES
Home Economics,
FORM
Biology Supplies
Engineering
B
1000 Spiral Note
Supplies
23c PAD
Books 9c each
PURDUE 5e S1.00 STORE
Foilsmen Meet Windy City Squad Tomorrow In their first match of the season tomorrow, the Riveter fencing squad will take on a highly regarded Chicago team. At 1:30 p. m. the match will get under way in the third floor of the Fieldhouse. The Chicago fencers will be gunning for this match, hoping to maintain their reputation as one of the best squads in the Big Ten. On Feb. 8 at Champaign, Illinois wiU provide the opposition for the Boilermakers. The match tomorrow will be free to the public, and students-especial-ly are invited to come. j.d. IM Schedules BASKETBALL Friday, Jannary 31 Courtl—G. Doherty 7.00 Bulllogs vs. Hoosiers. -%:16 Eagles vs. Tigers 8 00 Ward 10 vs. Ward 30 Court 2—C. H Rechenbach 7.00 Yanks vs Buckeyes 7:15 Wildcats vs Panthers 8:00 Ward 3 vs. Ward 16 8:16 Ward 18 vs Ward 26. Court 8—^Harry Schwartz 7 :p0 Bams vs. Boilermakers. 7 'IS Ward 6 vs. Ward 23 8.00 Ward 17 vs. Ward 2i 8:1B Ward 38 vs. Ward
When Coach Herman Phillips takes his Riveter tracksters up to the Chicago Midway tomorrow, he will be banking heavily on the hoys in the field events to come through and aid In capturing the dual meet with Chicago’s Maroons. This fracas with the Windy City sehool marks the opening of the indoor season and provides the first dual meet competition. Big Ten two mile champion, Ed Holderman, gives the PhilHpscoached machine considerable strength in the middle distance and distance runs. Captain Ed is supported by fpur capable sophomores, Don Kemp, Ft. Wayne; Alex Jentsch, Clifton, N. J.; Bob Stanley, Liberty, and Norm Marozick, Des Plaines, HI, All of the above men are classy milers, junior Bob Jarvis from Terre Haute roun<hng out a strong quintet. Kemp and Jentsch are being groomed to carry the brunt of the work in the half-mile. Both of these men have been timed in
1:67.
Ed’s Helpers The Boilermakers are weU represented in the two-mile run also, for in addition to Holderman there is Charlie Reeves, a senior from Dayton, Ohio, who took sixth place in the Conference Cross Coimtry meet (Continued on page 4)
RESIST COLDS — KEEP HEALTHY with VITAMINS All Kinds —All Prices
Free Parking in Rear
Free DeRv^ry
OHIVEmill DROI SKIIIE Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. Haasell, ’37
Z LIPSTICKS IN A^IA^HIR KIT ONI OP OUR MOST DELIGHTFUL GIFTS Clever Luden Iselong puts three lipsticks in a little kit—three smart shades for her to enjoy. She can complement any cotv tume or occasion with Tic Tac Toe. Cmne in soon, while our limited quantity lastu TIC TAC TOE ;^l $ Lipstick Kit | DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 508G
4-1 S
'' 'i ,
HlMifiayji fy-'SsniUud
Friday, January 31, 1941^
fiuJuiwL £xpotumL
kiyeters Prime
(Continued from page 3) last fall; Keith McLaughlin, junior letterman from Indianapolis; Gary Schulman, junior from Elmira, N. and Fred Kinder, Indianapolis sojkh. Ted Tycocki, who has recorded the fast time of :21.4 in the 220 yard dash, leads the dash men to the tape. The remainder of the short distance contingent includes Bob Keim of West Lafayette and Will Gaulke of Milwaukee, Wis. Quarter-milers who will see action are Paul Anthony, Earnie Doty, Bob Wente, Bob Ten Eyck, and A1 Arnold, all sophomores. The jumps will see Ted Tycocki, Lansing, Mich., flash trying for a new record in the broad jump and Red Carter competing in the pole vault and perhaps the high jump. Lloyd McEachem, who appears to be one of the best high jumpers in years, Howard Burkholder, Seth Anderson, and Prank Suto are the top prospects in the high jump event. Versatile Ted John Grimm and Gordon Lovett will enter in the- pole vault, along with Carter. In the broad jump, Tycocki will receive his main support from Gaulke. Tycocki, incidentally, holds the Purdue record in the above-mentioned event and took third place in the Big Ten outdoor championships. All-American End, Dave Rankin, is ill with a bad cold and a sore throat, and if he does compete will be in a weakened condition. Dave is counted upon to take the hurdle events when he is in normal health. Now, however, the hopes of Coach Phillips rest upon Walt Stroyeck, Clarence Kron, Bob Kersey, Encil Dodge and John Conant. In the shot put. Bill Neff, scrappy lineman on the football squad, will couple with Bill Kinyon to give the Gold and Black a p9,ir of able substitutes for Jake Weber. The
Febraary 23 Designated As Student Service Day
Sunday, February 23, was designated Wednesday as World Student Service Day in church student groups, by the Religious Council. The organization through its nine cooperating groups will place special emphasis on this day on the World Student Service Fund which has been organized as a relief agency for student war victims in Europe and Asia. The WSSF is rapidly gaining support on College campuses all over the nation through the efforts of student religious groups, r.l.h.
Dr. El C. Young
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES
NOW BEING ORGANIZED FOR LADIES I AND GENTLEMEN
Study under a nationally known instructor P. M. ALLEN Graduate of Chalif School N. Y. City, President for five years of the National Association of Dancing Masters.
BEGINNER'S WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 5fh, 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 6th, 7:00 P. M. INDIANA'S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th Cr Main Sts. Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Greeting Cards Ail Occasions SOUTHWORTH'S
• Tailor
• Electrical Supplies
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Dairy Products
• Jewelers
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY ^ QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Locksmith
• Hardware
Keys and Locks Key$ for trunks, door locks, desk night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing, MULHAUPTS 2(»-11 N. 51*1 5t. Phon, 2628
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse,—Rif^t Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
WAA
... of the Farm Management department and assistant dean of the graduate school will talk today at the annual farm and home week at the University of Kentucky in Lexington on “The Outlook for Agriculture in Economy Ahead.” t.b.n.
latter who is not planning to report until the end of the basketball campaign, is holder of the Purdue record with 49 ft., 7 inches. Weber took second in the conference meet last year with that same heave. Speaking on the possible outcome of the meet, Phillips had this to say, “If all of our men were eligible, I am confident we could beat Chicago, but with sickness and ineligibilities, I hesitate to say just what the outcome might be.” Herm called attention to the enforced lay-off during finals, which makes the team short on practices. Two of the best men on the team, Campbell and Edwards. are ineligible, and others may be stymied by the same thing. Edwards is the promising pole vaulter who did so well last year, o.t.c.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
4 Gore Double Top front and back
Shadow I Panel | ./ |
See the New Beauty in Veil **ARCHER’ Nylon Stockings $1,55 per pr.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
61Z-6Z6 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
By Jane Ramsdell Basketball call-out is to be held this afternoon at four o’clock in the gym. All co-ed basketball enthusiasts will have an equal chance to make their class team and the all star team. Come out and get your practices in early. Three practices are required for WAA points. Pracj tices will also be held Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday afternoons next week. The houses and wards will play their games at four o’clock except on Tuesday, when the games will be at night. —WAA— Freshman co-eds will have the opportunity to learn the ins and outs of men’s basketball at the basketball tea which will be held Thursday, February 6, at four o’clock. The group will go to the Fieldhouse first where “Piggy” Lambert and the boys will demonstrate the various plays. After the demonstration refreshments will be served in the WAA office in the gym. At 4:30 the all star Gold and Black volleyball teams will play their championship game. The Gold team consists of the following: Esther Kirkhoff, Capt.; Eileen Westover, Harriet Campbell, Gail Hennis, Shirley Emhoff, Elizabeth Hutchins, Juanita Kersey, Elizabeth McKee, Nelda Byrun, Mary Pigeon. The Black team consists of: Jane Fishleigh, Capt.; Opal Blagrave, Betty Galbraith, Ruth Walker, Monica Buergler, Jane Blank, Helene Houtson, Betty Van Nice, Katherine Ade, and Georganne Galloway. This tea is being held especially for the freshmen co-eds but all girls are invited to attend. —WAA— Co-ed riflery team will hold a telegraphic match with three other Universites on the following dates: February 14, Creighton University; Februai’y 19, George Washington University; February 7, Northwestern University.
Notices
P.O.M.M. Membera: Those who paid for keys may now get them at Triangle house. —MASSEY.
Classified Ads
and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 ta $69.60. Office supplies. Mime^raph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff. 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
FOB BENT For Rent: Rusa-Bent-A-Car Serrietu Cam for all occasions. Min. $2dH> all night. 'PhoM 2407.
Personal Uving Students: Glasses C, E, F are requested to pick up their notebrnks by Saturday, February 1. After that date all unclaimed notebooks will he destroyed. —EASTWOOD.
Room for rent: Single or double. Twin beds, continuous hot water, new furniture. Best room on Littleton street. Phone 8442.
Gentlemen: Newly furnished room, twin beds, inner-spring mattresses, in new homn. 440 Wood Street, Ph. 66401. Reawnnble.
Chem. 109, 110, 113, 126: Leave class schedules in room 210 of the Chemistry Building. Chem. 126 lecture will be held Friday, January 81, at 6 p. m. in room 320 of the Chemistry Building. —ELVING.
Lost—Ladies Hamilton wrist watch between Fieldhouse and Union. Reward. Call 46098.
Boys: Doul^ room, i^ntinuous hot wn-
Oak St. Morgan.
ter. $20. 844 West
Lost: Cary Club pin on January 21. Reward. Call R. C. White. Tel. 2437.
Girls: Attractive double room. Single beds. Breakfasts and dinners served if desider. Phone 2661. 212 Fowler.
Alpha Phi Omega: Keys for R. H. Weaver, C. G. Smith, R. Murril, R. K. Krayblll, E. E_. McCracken, W. H. Kuhiman, P. E. Pontius, R. M. Thomi>son, R. S. Stemberger at 27 Russell street. —CHAMBERS.
Lost: Female Scotty pup. Black and Brindle. Reward. Tel. 2762. Address, 238 Connolly.
Rooms For Rent: Cheerful modern double room. Single beds. Continuous hot water. $10 monthly. 117 Wiggins. Tel. 46801.
FOR SALE Typewriters and adding machines, new
Wanted: Roommate for senior engineer. Newly furnished room, twin beds, innerspring mattresses; reasonable. 440 Wood St. Phone 66001.
Union Workers: All freshmen interested in Student Union work and who want to work on the Book Exchange report to Joe Starek in the south ballroom as soon as possible. —HOFFER.
IT’S TRUE!
By Wiley Padan
P Men: All those with tickets turn them in at the west desk of Union or to me at the desk in front of Sweet Shop. —AXTON.
Playshop Members: Petitions for crew head positions for “Night Must Fall’’ are due before Saturday noon, February 1, at the Playshop office. —KECK.
McBee's Organic Chem 30: Following sections in organic chemistry were not listed in the schedule of classes. Their time and meeting places are: Div. L, Saturday 9, Chem annex 129; Div. M, Saturday 9, Chem 421: Div. N, Thursday 2, Chem 421; Div. O, Thursday 2, Chem. 421. —McBEE,
Purdue Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, January 31, at 4 p. m. in room 68 of Union. Meeting is open to all interested in peace work. —MOFFET.
Freshmen: All interested in being track managers report at the Fieldhouse track either Thursday or Friday. January 30-31, at 4:16 p. m. —ALLEN.
Scriveners: Receipt books outstanding must be turned into the office Saturday, February 1, between 1 and 4 p. m. or class cards and holders will be held up. —ALEXANDER.
Horticulture Society: There will be a meeting Wednesday, Feb. 6, in the assembly room of the Horticulture building. Please be there. —RESNER
Reamers: Regular meeting Tuesday, Feb. 4, at 7 :16 p. m. in room 307 of the Union. —BOHLIN.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 13. Three practices are required Class matches Feb. 18 and 20 —BLAGRAVE.
YWCA: Call-out for girls to work on the publicity committee will be in the office Tuesday, Peb. 4, at 4 p. m. —PETERSON.
Pan-Hellenic Council: Meeting today at 4 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —LANG.
Women Fencers: Fencing call-out for all —MACFARLAND. p. m. in the women’s gym. beginners and old members today at 4 Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting today at 4 :30 p. m. in loom 304 m the Union. —CORTISSOZ
V
Interviewing Committee for Activities Bureau: Meeting today at 4 p m. in the Activities bureau office. —GRAHAM
Seventy-five students from 21 foreign countries have formed an organization at New York university.
HAS BEEN HONOREC* By HAVING A NEW PEEP REP CHRYSANTfiEMUM MAMEP AFTER HER. T4iE “RUTH HUSSEY*
WAS DEVELOPED RECENTLY lOS AN6ELES
NEW YORK, N. Y,—“IT’S TRUE! that plans are going forward for Metro-CJoldwyn-Mayer stars and others interested in aviation to have their own flying unit,” sasrs Wiley Padan. “This will be a co-operative organization with those
owning planes sharing one hangar, in-*f'
struction and mechanical services Robert Taylor, James Stewart, Wallace Beery and Etouglas Shearer, studio sound chief, all of whom own planes, form the nucleus of the outfit This not
only w
to be open to anyone at the studio planning to take up fl3dng .... Clark Gable and John Shelton are among the i>rospective candidates for membership ’
CITY me; AKD POULTRY
1' LT
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
USED and NEW Books and School Supplies
COMPLETE STUDENT SUPPLY SERVICE
Trade in your last semester’s books for this semester’s needs. (Cash if you prefer.)
Deposit your money with us for safe-keeping, free of charge.
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. “Red” Sammons, *29
R. W. “Doc” Epple, *40
^ n
>1]