WINTERS RASStL
^^ntedl fRN^^S
^tmtefon Of Students Concerni ng Reserves
Hit Htrahito
Vc^e N«: 12
l*u rdwe Un ivcrsiJIyy ‘^4st l.iiifayietle, |ndi n a
18,
Tonight's Slam)) Conva A/l^ f^tw^ Sonny Dunham's Band In 11^% Hall
Cor^inue
. The .t^iggest^^^^ in Indiana for years was left without a star foday when word was received here that Kita Hayworth #ho' Was td have appeared With a cast of well over' 10,000 soldiers, sailors, druin rhaj(>rettes, whr workers, firemen, Boy Scbuts, ROTC squads, nurses, thousands of school children, and hundreds of others, will not be able to attend because of a nervous breakdown. ' W. H. Stancil, Secretary of the Chamber of Commerce, announced today that the star —■; ; ' ' • who is to take. Miss Hay- ,1 ■ y ft * .worth’s place in the extrava- JUII lOTS 10 KDCDIV^C
ganza has not yet been chosen, but an announcement of the substitute wilt be made Sunday in the Exponent, and a ‘complete program for the evening wifi .appear as soon assthe details
are worked out. Junior passports will be available The bond drive 'show will be put today at the’ ticket office of the* on in the stadium on the evening Pioldhouse, C. S. “Pop” Doan, manof September 24. The gigantic show ager of ticket sales and assistant will begin at seven p. m. athletic director, has announced. Larke Cast Students must present their regis-
Four,bands will participate in the tration schedule cards, when calling boi|d selling drive, and American their passpoi'ts. industry will be represented by the Frosh, Sophs Served Later United Sthtes Steel Band and Chor- „ u j i. „ . ' j , , , . Sophomore and freshman passus of a hundred-members each. The . . j i. 1, 3 Ml 1. 1 .. ports will not be ready until a later
Student body will take an active i • . . j i.
-fi- fi date which will be announced next part, with the ROTC, cooperating , n. -n i. u ^
, , ■ , week. It will not be necessary for
fully,: physical fitness,, demonstra- , , , , , »
.. L i j" i • ■ „ students -to exchange coupons for
tions by students, and many of the , ^ ,.1. ■
, reserved seats for the opening game
ft«dgpt^«S'?^l-'^ean.^tipns tak-^^itt^,pordham on Saturday, Sept. ‘ i , , j. 26. Doan stated that students will Selling of bonds, will continue . j j j11 ■ ' 1 "i 1 1 ' be admitted upon presentation of throughout the show, and the pro- u,. • i i lu i ,u :/, , ■ ' • , their passports at the proper gate,
grgss of the sales will be announced
ffom time to time over a public Each, student will receive a
address system installed in the (giving the dates for exchange of 'coupons for reserved seats at the Wisconsin, Great Lakes and Indiana games when he calls for his
passport.
$fud<ent Senate Ueehct^ Neff
President
Sweet Shop Booth Vf0S^ War Stamp Admissioni Tickets 5l0 Cents Today
Was re-elected president for thia 'Semester. Bob Wilson was elected vice-president; Roberta G 1 e z e n, secretary, and Wade Neal, trOas-
stadium.
InauguTatiiig the ne'w war-time seinester electioii plan, t)ie Exponent electoral board last night announced changes in the organization-of the staff for the fall semester. ^ iKen Gjemre, senior Science student from Grovertown, succeeds Bill Millard as/business haanager. Ken has served as senior circulation manager during the summer semester; Millard Was lost to the staff by '■"'■■■• i, .
graduation.
Ken Roquemore, junior chem,,and Stan Wolf, junior EE, were added to the staff of junior associate editors, while Bob Boswinkle, Dale Butz, Bill Hoskins, Art Hunter, Dave Gchilt-ree and Walt Rafert were re-^elected to
the same positioh.
Jim Petty, junior ME, will .serve as assistant advertising manager
along with Don Johnson and Jesse ' “This is an all out war and the ' ' ' •' sooner we realize', it the sooner it
will be over,” said Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, wandering professor jn the general engineering department, in an interview yesterday. Dr. Gilbreth divides her time between this University and the Newark College of Engineering, Newark, N. J., spending one week'every
other month here. ■
She is proud- to see how. Purdue has geared itself for war, but she thinks that we, especially the womcaij do more. She stressed the
keise A imp
Meeting of all Exponent elected staff members tonight at
7 in the Exponent Office.
—THE BOYS
Ide Neff
Dean iOf Men KiUsRun^irs AboutSaiiors Rumors that the sailors have been forbidden, to use the facilities of the Union atid the Music. Hall have come to the attention pf the Office Of the Pean of Men, This story is completely unfounded. In fact, the sailors are always invited to attend all convocatiqns, and seating space is reserved for them. Commander Hart, issued a statement that the students had been more than courteous in their treat-
ment of the sailors.
Wright,. - present staff members. Gary Klouman will continue as
circulation manager.
Elaine Ahrens, junior HE student, joins Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, and Jean Lauer on the staff
of associate coed editors.
Dave Shryer,_junior Science, and J“;‘e;mg"7cienZ"Maniem4^^^^^
YWCA Will Hold
YWCA is holding a conference for all new and old cabinet members ,and advisors this Saturday and Sun,day at Camp Tecumseh. New cabinet members, will be installed at the meeting, and there will be several discussion groups. ; Dean Claire Goolidge will be the head discussion leader, and Mrs. G. R. Thornton and Dr. White of the Home Economics Department will also head groups.
Selling Subscriptions Gives New In^ghtOn Children T o Salesman
' Ip a recent subscription drive by the l^xponent I was listed to traverse a ceCtain section of West,Lafayette,' selling ,(I hoped.) a few subscriptions. I didn’t 'SeH many papers but I,:<iid gain an-insight into the, trials land, ipi’oblems of a door-to-door salesman. ■ Kids Are Hecklers ’ Small children, are one of the banes that must haunt even an experienced canvasser in his idle moments. To a yonng mind the act of “making a. face” must seem to create, an illusiye aura of, personality. At least this . form of expression seems quite popular .with the ypunger ,set. ,I’M mf'der to enhance the affect of their facial oppressions many small children also accompany these with apprapriatc .and,; supposedly humorous reriiarks in respect to the salesman’s knowledge and integrity. : , From m.y. brief experience as a salesman I have not only found interesting traits in children, but -I have.,also, observed . (strang’e. as, it seems) the hoiTible -offects' that malnutrition has on dogs. Only hungry, gt^rvud canines conld.haye such an appetite tor'huwa-n flqsh ias-J have. Yitnessed in the idog,.population . of West ,Da'fayett,e.,. ,Thp,, .dogs cpriUpi’t ^us't. be naturally, mi?an.diecause by careful examination in several cases I have found that
small, underdeveloped dogs seem to want fresh ipeat even more than their large and more ferocious appearing brethren. Barking dogs may 'never bite but a dog has to pause now and then for breath, you know. Happy Again After suffering untold misery there is nothing that cheers a subscription salesman quite so much as making a sale. Dialogue for a typical sale would run something like -this: Salesman, hastily shoving his foot in the dor and starting his sales talk: “Good) afternoon, I represent the Exponent, your campus newspaper. The Exponent not only covers all University news but . . .” Prospective Buyer, timidly interrupting: “I-if you don’t mind, sir, I-I’d I-li-ke to order two s-subscrip-tipns, please send one home,” The buyer now progresses with many more equally encouraging words for the elated salesmen, ,- ,. Yes, , the', lucky, salesman ,has struck it rich with the appearance of a loyal member of the green brotherhood. A freshman is a one person bonanza to anyone selling .something. Dogs and the very young generation of huraens ,are forgotten and the salesman feels like he might go on to the next block after all.
Clint Sowards, junior Forestry stu
dent, were added to the junior sports !^taff while Don Brewer and
Joe Dawson were re-elected. Staff changes were made to adapt
the staff organization to the present four-day-a-wcek publication schedule, and to strengthen the staff.' pertain changes in intra-staff organization to secure better news coverage and more definite allocation of responsibility were also
made. -.
The rest of the present senior staff was also re-elected for obvious
reasons.
, Exponent and Independent workers will welcome the new staff members at a picnic tomorrow.
Giiftlet Club The Gimlet Club, junior and senior men’s honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: Art Hunter, Dave Ochiltree, Joe Dawson, Don Brewer, and Bill Hoskins, Exponent; Gene Kf tterjdhn, Wilber Hiller, Cprt Nelson, Dale Klester, Joe Purm,an and Ted Chapman, Union. Danny McKiernan, Activities Bureau; Pete Japkson atid Hgitk Tayjor, football- manager;.,Pete Schwab, cheer leader, fraternity affairs office; ALMehke, asnil-iRn^y Lawson, basketball. , Ed Wells, tennis-; Cliff Eviksen, swimming; Jim Dunn, John Wjske, Debris; Barry French, Bob Hajzyk, and Kenny Smock, football. A meeting Will be held at the Phi Kappa Psi hoqse Tuesday. September 22, at 8:30 p. m. All pledges and actives are expected to attend.
War Training courses headed by Prof, C. W. Beese in this area, as being especially worthwhile. The courses are set to meet the immediate needs of industry. Education Rather Than Service “Student and faculty should settle down to the job of education rather than worry about being called for service,” Dr. Gilbreth added. “People will not be pulled out of colleges and industries before they are needed.” In speaking of the women’s place in the war effort. Dr. Gilbreth said, “I feel that women will be called upon to go into more active and diversified \ places than ; before. Women have proved satisfactory where they have gone to work. Accidents to women workers in factories have not been the fault of the women but the fault of inadequate management.” Dr. Gilbreth believes that the WAACS and the WAVES offer a fine opportunity for women in service. She stressed the fact that we should think of our present-work in the light of preparation for service. “We should toughen up intelSee GILBRETH, page 4
Walter D.Pearce .,.. ’08, has been promoted to divi,sion superintendent of the Yellowstone division of the Northern Pacific, with headquarters at Glendjve, Montana. n- i ■■■■■,' / Biyouac House , . announces the following officer^ for the fall semester: president, Earnest Fink; vice-president, Keith Gustafson; .secretary, James Hughes; treasurer, Louis Wdowka; social chairman, Charles Wasson; athletic- manager, William Keller.
■#
WsTheMm^f
m *
Jjt arti a lope, Iprii individual and, everything I do does contrary with me.” So spake Mrs. Grundy to David Cooperfield. ' . , / '' • "^ieryobviop^ly^i^liat l^rs. needed' was a date HER 2ND.
Speond in the sdrips pt; ihrde natne bands, Sonny ©nnhaap comes to the UniyehEfity temight for ‘‘Stamp C0nvp’’ ah4 mixer in cooperatipn with the. Studeht IJhion's pro^am to aid
ill the natibh^s War Stamp and Bond'drive.
. , .V or 4. c 4. 1 Tickets for the Dunham swing epnvo'Will he a'vailable today meeting Wednesday bight, Joe Ndff ^ frmit of ?the Swe^.^oPi HI the.Hagiier s offitm and m the
rs A tidfeets prp free, hut are avail-
".^le- ohly 'witK'tbe Pimultane- . • 0UPpurchase of 50 cents worth of wair stamps, phff one ticket
1 _ ■ will admit, ope person. I^e
By Wiilas Verffiilibn Sweet Sh.<m booth will be open toCari you raise a Fdller .dby from 11 B;,,m.Ao 5 p.;m, : ; : either your upper lip hr your lower cQijyocatipn ■ tonight is jost chop or both? Do yPu think that on a long list of benefit and you,re man enough to undertake performances for which such a feat? That world famous Sojfn,y,.D;un]jam .-has provided muSDX Riveter’s Rassle demands such entertainment. He says that mascuKbitysif you want to be recog- believes in .saying “Yes” to any 'Pized ! as . a full fledged rasslin benefit if it is for a worthy cause, riveter. In other words, don’t be a gincp Mst summer fife has specialflop, groW a niop., ized in-benefits. These appeararices Should you be bneidf thfe .ntOre iRe^n while Duftham. was engaged masculine m.embers of the'male sex, atfFraidc-lEiailey’s Mgadowbrook in , and one of- the. following “mosts” <Jpoye,-New Jersey j and Dunfits your beard, mosis sucji: as, bam'has. since appeared in many heaviest, downiest, reddest, fullest, unusual places and under quitfe-try-
or bestest goatee, you %re'liable to ■ing' circtfra^ances. “Oh’s” and “Ah’s” by the cfebffi fn MuMcM At 7
of Subway ljueens which has a darn T, in the.MS«c M good chanefe of getting you a prize. ..j)mjbraiin wilLmake.his latest benefit Said prmes to he announced ;latef. ^j^p^^pg^;this tima;T^ A:s yet the entire ^^t of i war ■ sta^p . sale§. The
^ down raising has not’been tfeleased convobatiqb'Will he’open to faculty, urer. Other members, of the Senior the highest of highheadquar- -sttidents,'and toWrispeciple.'SOO -saffiBoard are .Jack Sandlebin, Jackson ters in the sub-cellar of rl^ndon.sub- are fejqiected to pttend. - : O’Connell, and Jeanette Rutherford. f been the pustom , : ,After‘: the .convocation -,^ Joe Neff is a member of the* ^ beard ts tp .^nd .his hand- wilL retire to the Karma Sicm-i social frater-nitv and ^he face down And Pot Union ballrooms'-where be win play Kappa Sigma social fiateinity and the chest up. Following traartion -j™ the' second of the series iff a senior m Chemical Engineering. i-Aabli§h’e“d''th Past vears the Mil- « ' Bob Wilson is a senior in Elpctrical f®^^hlisnea, in past years, tne mil , <<rtame -,=dances”- ^i^ponsoBed; by the Bob Wi son IS a senior nr Electrical .^ary Department.Trobablj^, wdl rftl- Udheing will begia -dt 8:30.
low. those holding, a .ticket- tp the Admission to the affair is .$1.65, in-
■Rassle to Wear their heards while
attending clhsses. without ifeiar -A f ' ,
dfeiperits., . '
Irifeidentally, since We, are talking about the Rassle, just sit -right down
and make up your mifid to .-cast .a j ' Aj' /ll
yPte (or ten) for' yptir fa-vdrite' queeii. Right now hominatipns- to'e
in order for the “(3ueeh.'bf;4ffieiSa'hd- .'' tlniy'grMty agY staff will bags,” “Qufeen of the SlgnamiBg :fipld ;its luncheon of Sirens,” “Queen of the .Blackout” the.-current -academic year on Monr (Oh, Boy!!)), “Qupen of,the,.Shim- -day 'noon ' in ■ the Union'Building, mering Rails” >nd “Qufefen the priff. F;: G. ®oMieihaj acting presi.Sub Pub.” Nomina^ioris are'hy P'S- #erft,fahd Dr. George 0. Scafseth, titions with .’gt ileaiist 25; Mgrfattirfes ipf ffihe University staff-,. Will be thfe
Senate will be made up of student 't and sheiuld jbe turned, in at principal speakers. Glenn .W. Samrepresentatives, who are elected in Exponent box at the West-Desk of .pie, is serving as chairman of thfe the all-campus election to :be held the Union by, I'0:43 Mpuday might, committfee -.m. Charge of arrangejiext Friday. One of the .greatest-^fea't-ureS of ments.
this magnificent rat-race is the, tre- Dr./Scarseth Will speak on “Qnr mendoHs reductipli in ' price, ftp' all^ ^American hleighborhood”, giving —rdead and alive. Tickets have ,been his • observations of Pan-Apr^ican slashed from $1,99!4 td..the. hm'az- pelationsas 'viewed on atrip toCeningly low price of $1.66%. That eVeh trdf America during the past suriiincludes letting you in throughVthe •m;fe^<:,‘‘The University Policy on door. MilitaryrS.ePvice!’. Will bfe explainfid Dress as usual will run amuck by ProffesaPr ’Hockenia., , / threugh the styles, qf, the ,unex- Qthfer memhWs of the. committea pected to the unhoped fprH-or wear on arrangepients are Prof. j. T.
For the second consecutive year, what ever the laundry ruined''m’thfe: Prokt, Prof .■ifl;:B. Mfithrow and MfSS a group of students from Division last wash and if there-isn’t’enough Virginia Lee. ; , C, Cary Hall South have won the left, wear it ■a'rtyway.) ‘,
w.EJitMand ^. ' > ; - > . : , CE”02i , and former . chief eq.i.. . of the Sebopl of Civil Eh- gineer of thfe State Highway Cbmgineering, is. the author of 'am' ar- piiskiph of’Indiana, has 'coptribu^ld tide entitled: :■ “Ditereptifiri EduCa- tph^rfpur. Ypliniies to the stUlF tion,” published in thfe''Septfehibfer literary jiff the School of Civil Ehissue of School and Society. ' gineeririg. : -
Engineering. Roberta :Glezen was last year’s prom queen and is a senior in Horae Ec. Wade Neal is a senior baseball manager, secretarytreasurer of the PAG, a member of Delta Tail Delta social fraternity, and a senior in Public Service En-
gineering.
Junior Executives
The junior executives, appointed by the Senior Board, are Paul G. Miller, Paul Hoffman, Roger Moynahan, Mary Grace Minkler, Margaret Mel tzer, Donald Brewer, Donald Thomas, and Miller Nourse. Other members of this semester’s
Munro Scholarship trophy awarded annually to that organization which makes .the highest scholastic record. The team from Cary Hall today 'vvas presented to hold for one year the scholarship plaque donatfed by Prof. Emeritus George 'W. Munro, of the school of Mechanical Engineering, with Prof. F.' C. Hockema, assistant to the president,
making the presentation.
Members of the team;-and thqir .grades for both first and second seiinesters of last year were: Franklyn K. Levin, of Indianapolis, senior ;in School of Science, 6.38 and 6.07; Robert Reveal, R. R. 5, Anderson, graduated in May from the School of Science, 5.60 and 5.95; George F. Topinka, Berwyn, 111., who was
Graduate
After completing/a 16-Weeks ffoiirsP in tke naval :^ectriciaiiS school here, 187 llniVets^y /sa|lor trainees ^were g)p^(iuat4(i
Igraduated in Mechanical Engineer- last night in a Cereijn’Ony liel^ .m T^e ^a;^--ing in May, 5.60 and 5.82; Robert tion, the hrst .pf tlie "Nav^l 'l^ain^.g BthoeVfor Mlec^^ 'L. Stem, of New York City, junior -was preceded by a iditiner tlie t^nfon attended by members 'Sophomore in Electrical Engineer- Evening Ceremonies,were.,presided;QV6r ,joiBUy by Iff. Comling, 6.13 and 5,17; Junior W. Whit- mandeT H. M. Hart, Command '—"■■■■'!' i I. "I : .. mey, of Dayton, Ohio, a graduate in ing Officer, and Professpr E, tj. Coipnihpdfer .Haft attributed the the School of Science, 5.63 and 5.14; Hnckpma A.ssistant to thp thet that there was such an excep-
Chartes W. B.U», ,t-0.k P.*, ni.
junior in Electrical Engineering, , r ' tt ) ates to the instructors and. thfe sen5.31 and 5.00. ^ress by Professor Hockema, g. E: siMdfents. Of the oHgfhal The Munro trophy has been 'Whioh he expressed - thC .dMssrtff 'aeO^Ml-’irOi'wei'e aWittdedffl^ awarded annually for some years P^^aSUre of the Univer^^OT ^ing af,flfetty'Offififerj/hftd.E,#-' as a means of stimulatino- interest having been selected Iiis'oftfe.Of 0ie 'WiWidffbfesr 'desigiwtiom 'Yf . schools to cooperate with Mate, ThSfd CRasa”. in sc o astic achievement. Its don- h). its trhittwg progrqmp(CaiOftWah-The Navnl Ttbirtmg 0qhqol.^8^ or was retired June 30, after years def H-art'p4'esentfed gradnatl®** o®*'' hefe 'is nhe of ,t!he toany estehHsk^ on the faculty in the school of Me- tificateB.' Estfel Vernon Higgins of at universities and collfeges-tl^ttgtl* chaiiical Engineering, Miasouri was honor, graduate. out the country. v ^M^.
P&ge 2
Purdue Exponent
Friday, September 18,'d^dS.'
'Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Butineta, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhoute, Phone '279Z Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Editi[>i>in-ClnVf Editor MnnoKinff Edit«>i......... Spnrls Editor Business Mai-n.-rer...,/.. Circulation Manafr^r... Coed Editor..
John P. Amos Don T. Brophy ...John fi. Anri#t;)ronr Bohert la. Badley :.....Willihm D. Mittnrd Ken K. GJeihre .......Alice Chfttflcld
Publication Staff
’ Associate Editors EdiforinI Slaff: H. W. Boswinkle; D. E. Buts, W. G. Hoskins, A. r. Huatcr. a W. Ochiltree, AV. E. Ratert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S; Dawson, E. L. Karpick. (.'oed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Butineta Staff
Cued Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. i Accounts Manager: Trcna Torrenga. junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Eeim.
The Purdue Independenf
Editor-in-Chipf Md^ng'ing: Editor BusineKs Manager.! Coed Editor Sports Editor Advertising Manager.. Accounts Manager Exirculation Manager...
DeTeBarU :.Ed Humphrey Elwin. Wetbaum .....Koberta Keosler BUI KilH^rcw ...Scott Brown ...George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Sfaff Fop This Issuo Night Editor: Boswinkle Spbrts Editor: Daweon Issue Editor: Tyson
Daj- Editor: Lauer
Hudson ham
•Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette^ Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in eectlon 1103. act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a sbme.stcr or $3.50 for two semesters, summer semester; mailed subscription $1.50. Tleprc.-^cnted for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
The mtB
to 1
NOTICE TO AtiC THE GALZ AND BARMAIDS; Bob Weinfurtner, "Weiny”, is ail tied down no#, since he hung his Phi .Delt pin oh a girl from Porf Wayne. It’s supposed to be a secret, so keep it quiet.
Here IS WHAT THEY SAY: The reason why Dick Renn, Phi Psi senior; wears a coat fend lie to school is to make that "upperhlkss^ manish” iniprOssioh on the new freshman wow, Bettianne (pronouhefed Betty Ann) Murphy. Attentions are now entirely shifted to Murphy since his old iiame is gone forever. Least wise there is: AN announcement of a FORTHCOMING MARRIAGE BETWEEN: Kappa Pledge Bonney Robbins and Phi Psi George Duncan this coining Saturday. Congratulations and good wishes are ih store for Bonney and Duncan. Good luck to Renn on his new venture.
“ARE YOU STUDYING, PINKY”?
. . . are the first words to be uttered by Marion Lively, Kappa, when Sig Chi Pinky Warren calls her every night. She is trying to keep him on the ball so he Will be sure to make good grades for football eligibility. ■ ’ Bets in the Kappa house are being placed for and against the chances of pin-pushing, in the KinkyLively .affair. , Dollar bets for and against, and a jpot is formed for how soon the event will take place. (Ed. Note: Mine for next week).
. ■ I. -. E E Students May Sign
For Aircraft Detection
BOY, O, BOY: : Select groups say the Theta lawn is full of whutchumaycallit. Every night when it gets dark. One must step carefully so as to keep from stepping on someone. ■
•.i“What shall I do?—phone my husband—or take * ■ the jBasy Avay out—simply disappear from ■' the face of the earth?”
What Should
We Do?...
“Enlist noAV in one of the student enlisted resei'A^es, don’t ask Avhy; but enlist now.” These AA^ere the startling words of our own President Elliott at the “V” convo last summer. This wa§ all very fine and patriotic, but the, staternent, “don’t ask why” seemed to have the.student body stumped. Then came the second “V” convo at which “Gbvferndf”’McNutt joined in with Prexy in saying that all the able bodied men would be in-the armed forces. We don’t doubt that from now on it will be the Army’s show, but Ave still wonder why we should enlist now, which in many cases means enlisting in the branch of service where, our technical trainii|g woulcl be the least effective. Just last week came Secretary Stimson's equally .startling statement that the enlisted reserve students would be called at the end of this semester. Students began asking each other what' was the use of going to school any more. We had all been told time and time again to study and when we get out of school Ave will mean something to our country. Noav we find that those of us who took President Elliott’s advice will not be able to finish our schooling. Those of us who have enlisted have no gripe, for we were told this Avhen we did enlist. But those of us who did enlist are not by far in the majority at the University. - . Many of us are now in the strange predicament of not knowing which way to turn. If w’e enlist in the reserve we go in December; and if we don’t, we have the draft to face. At the present time the draft regulations state that students with an index above 3.6 vail be deferred until graduation, and then be given sixty days in which to find a job in some defense industry. . Should these men enlist now, and do what amounts to quitting school now, or take their chances with the draft board in hopes of fini.shing their schooling? 'This is the question that goes around and around in the head of every patriotic young American student. Why can’t somebody who is in the position 1|o know what is going on tell these students i'hat to do? They tell us that they need us pi industry, and they tell us that they need us in the armed forces. i I The War Manpower Commission is said;to ijie working on 'a plan whereby, men can be Allocated either to war work in some industry or to the armed forces. They have supposedly been at Avork on this plan for quite some time a','! ,• f 1 no word has come from the cqmmis;Uoi!. Perhaps they have forgotten about the men in the Universities who would like to know what they should do; enlist in the armed forces now, or if they ar^ needed in the defense industries to stop worrying about what to do and get down to work and really learn something before it is too late.—d.w.o.
SURPRISE SCENE IN SWEET SHOP ... Kappa Maren Chesnutt dropped in yesterday with none other than Pi Kappa Phi Bob Horn. What has happened to McCallister's. Phi Gam pin ? Pity the poor guys in the army, guys and galz. (Ed* note; From my ekperie^^^they seem to do alright).
Uiii'^t^ersity Calendar Friday, September 18
'8:30 P.M. Dfehce—Sonny Dunham Orch. Ballroom, Union
Saturday, September 19
YOU DON’T HAVE TO MAKE A FOOL OUT OF YOURSELF TO GET INTO THIS COLUMN. LET the'COLUMN DO THAT.
10:0(>rAiM. .Rest Control Operatoi-s Ass’n ...Room 14, Ag Hall 8:.3,0 P.M. Kappa Delta Rho Dance Chapter House
ANOTHER PINNING—MINS THE PIN: Bun Knplding, perennial Phi Gairi pledge, has now announced his intehtiohs of going “steady” with Kappa Elizabeth Peet. They say he has ho pin to offer, but ha has plenty of affection-—or whatever you call it. ,
dn. JhsL
and Science”. 10:40—Morning Worship Serv- . ice. Dr. Steele will speak on the theme, “Reading the Scriptures”. Special music will bo furnished by the choir.
ANOTHER SORT OF A SPLIT UP: Beta . Arnie Farnsworth has turned his attentions away from Theta Flea Hyde in order to play the field a little; more. She seems to be doing the same. While we are on the subject of Flea, here is a good story on her; She was wondering why her ex-pin man, ATO Duke Reynolds, wasn’t writing her any more. Finally she learned that (even after spending a week end with him) he Was married end had been,
for quite a while.
REPORTS SAY THAT Theta Joan Menefee—who receptly sprained her ankle on a bar stool—(thi^ is good)—is having worries on how to entertain “Cris” Christenson at Sonny Dunham’s dance tonight. You don’t have to dance, Joan—he ought to be able to do other, things more enjoyable than that.
^ The Week End Jn The Purdue Christian Foundation Friday evening, 7:30 is the |“,School Daze” party in the Tower 'Room of the Union Building. Come dressed in kids attire with the exception of those, going to the Mixer later. Admission will be at the rate of one cent per inch around the waist. Refreshments will be served. Saturday afternoon, 1:30 the P. C. F. will play the Baptists in a softball game, at south end of the Intramural field. Rooters as well as players are welcomed.
5:46—Wesley Vespers. Our Vesper services will be held at the’ Church. Dr. Laurence Hadley of the mathematics department will speak on “Purdue ' Traditions-—Past and Present”. Every Purdue student is invited.
University Presbyterian Church North Street at Grant
Helen Gift
' . . . clerk of the University Alumni Association offices fpr the past three and one-half years, has enlisted in the Women’s Auxiliary Army Corps and will report to the training center at Des Moines, Iowa, next Monday. She was .inducted into the corps in Indianapolis and has received leave to complete her work and visit her parents before reporting for duty.
Lafayette Christian Church Sixth and North Sts. ; Sunday .Morning 9:30—rStudent class. Special music by a vjsjtjing -quartet. Doyle Mullen Avill speak pn the subject, “Disciplines and Worship”. 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermoD entitled, “Conform, Or ,Else . . .” , 4:30—Happy Hollow Hike. Note the change in time. Leave from 131 Si Grant at 4:30 on hike to Happy Hollow. ,. The program of supper, recreation, singing, di.sciis,5ion and vespers, will be held out-of-doors: (In case of rain,-the meeting will be held at 5 at 131 S. Grant). The program is planned to get everyone back by 7:30.
John W. Findley, Minister Bill Morgan, Choir Director Nancy Young, Organist Saturday night there will be an "All Out” party at the- University Church from 8 to 11. Features of the program include the initiatipn of tournaments in ping pong and in chess. There will be dancing for those who care to dance. It will be an evening of entertainment for everyone. - 9:30—Sunday morning. Student’s class in the Life and Teaching of Jesus, led by Dr. Gordon H. Graves. 10:30—Morning Worship. Sermon Theme, “Shall We Conform?” The choir will sing, “God Is a Spirit”, by Bennett. 6:00—Sunday Evening Club. The program following the supper is in charge of the Commission oh Music.
Graduate electrical engineers and electronic physicists with degrees from accredited institutions may apply immediately for original appointment in the Army of tlie U,nit,ed,,^States and assignment to the Electronics Training Group of the Signal Corps. Candidates accepted are ordered to immediate active duty. They are given the necessary training and special ihstruction to qualify themfor future assignments in the Aircraft Warning Service in connection with electronic aircraft detection equipment. The total training period varies from three to six months according to the level of officers needed to fill immediate vacancies. Juniors Or Seniors May Apply Students enrolled as juniors or seniors with major study in the field of Electrical Engineering or .Electronic Physics may participate in the Enlisted Reserve Corps with assignment to the Electronics Training Group. Applications are filled by the students on the forms furnished them; they are to be indorsed by the head of the Electrical Engineering or Physics Department and also the Professor of Military Science and Tactics if the student is enrolled in an institution having an advanced ROTC unit. These students will be' permitted to continue their course on the condition that they meet the prescribed and published scholastic standards established by the officials of the University and also that they graduate oh the scheduled date. Graduates Will Receive Commission These students are processed upon graduation and, if found qualified, they are originally appointed in .the Army of the United States in the grade of Second Lieutenant. They are ordered to immediate active duty and assigned to the Electronics Ti'aining Group where their instruction and experience will be as outlined above for graduate electrical engineers and electronic physicists. • Students whose major study is Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a field other than Electrical Engineering or Electronic Physics, may be considered for tke Enlisted Reserve Corps Avith assignment to the Electronics Training Group if they are scheduled to take a concentration of courses in the field of Electronics. Design Special Courses An outline of approved courses
in Electronics h£(p been,/ik^cpard'^,, under the sponsorship of the Upited Stdtes Office of Education, 'Rhis lis t j, of courses is available. 16 interested' individuals. Applications of indiAfiil^' * uals'applying fop the Enlisted Reserve Corps on the basis of such/a concentration of course's in elec*' trpnics, should be aVcompaniedvby a statement of explanation, .- ■ These: students will be prdee.^sed upon graduation alpng ,, #ii;h students whP "major in .Efettfid&l' Engineering and Electronic Physics. If qualified, they #ill be ■prigiiialjy. ' appointed in the grade off Lieutenant and ordered to InJi^eiliate active duty with' the Electronics Training Group. No assufah'ce, ho#-: ever, cap be given at this tibie that any student participating in .thi4‘ plan will be originally appointed upon graduation. Unqualified Assigned To Camps ’ •' Those students who are not found qualified will be' ordered -to .activeduty in the grade of Private‘ and"' assigned to one of the 'Signal Gorps Schools (Fort,,Monmouth or Uaffin Cr.bwderj at present). 'These,-.then will be given the opportunity':'to qualify for technical ratings,'' If they dernonstrate the ■ neceeehtlr quality of leadership during the.-first three months of basic trairiin^,yiKey .will be enrolled in the Signal;: p^orns Officei’ Candidate School. Graduates of this three months’.ichc>ol at^:-,ap-'’' pointed in the Ai'myOT the jj.nileri. States in Ihe grade of Second Lieutenant. . : A 7,.; , ' Officers thus appointed' vviir'i, fee assigned according to the need .for their service in^ponnectipn,witii,the’' many activities'of the Si^al G6r{l,s,' although it is understood that, '.the background in electronics' would probably mean assig'nment with- aiC,’ craft detection equipment'.: '. - '
PATRONIZE EXPQNRNT^r.i ADVERTISERS
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
A COLUMBIA PICTURe
Ernest Morehouse
. . . University graduate, ’42, has enlisted in the Naval Reserve, class V-Kand-has been sent to Great Lakes Naval Training Station for a six weeks training period, from which he will be transferred to a clerical school. Morehouse was a.member of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity while at the University, and-was on the'Staff of station 'VVBAA.
Wesley Foundation Sunday Services at the Finst Methodist Church (Corner ChsiUritey and South) 9:30—A largo student class. Dr. G. L, Porter of the Biology Dept, will teach the class on the subject: “The 'C'oopcration Between Religion
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Captain Richard J. Coffee . . . fornier student at the University and a Phi Kappa, is now 848th School Squadron Commander at the South Plains Glider School, Lubbock, Texas. Before Captain Coffee entered the service, he was a civil engineer with the Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul and Pacific Railroad. He was first stationed at Brooks Field, Texas, transferred to the Lubbock Army Flying School and them given command of the South Plains Army Flying School.
LIMA
TOD>^'- TOMOROW-
GENE SETS A NEW HIGH IN $PEED-5TUpbED THRILLS
Captain john F. Zubrod
-1
India is'producing 90 per cent of her own war .equipment, as well as supplying other members of the United Nations. Her output of shells in April, 1942, was 433,per cent greater than that of June, 1940.
. Ted Turner, former dean of men at the University t>f Idaho, kept trying to get into the war. Rejected jji his quest for an army commission, he tried the navy. He was refused again. Then, in the same mail, he received notices that both his army and navy commissions have been granted—and will he please repoift for duty.
... a graduate of the University and a member of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity, is now on duty at the South Plains Army Flying School, Lubbock, Texas, according to Colonel Norman B. Olsen, Commanding Officer. Having been assistant provost marshal at Randolph Field, he arrived at Lubbock, Texas, as Provost Marshal at the large South Plains, Glider School, where the Air Force is training advanced students to fly gliders.
Corporal William M. Canaday
... former University student, has been admitted to the air force in the officer candidate school at Miami Beach, Florida.
-TODAY- TOMOROWDOUBLE FEATURE
— WITH — RICHARD ARLEN
-plus-
starts MIDHITE PREVUE SATURDAY
The Funniest Love and Laugh Show of the Year BARBARA STANWYCK HENRY FONDA
IN-
LADY EVE
A TITANIC TROPICAL FROLIC.. race-paced with laughs and lu-WOW lovelies
.udMT W LOU
5 DAYS STARTING
TOMORROW
MARS
-LAST TIMES TODAY i
V).
V!4
i- $ #
18,1942 Boilermaker Sports
PlM0§(i
/i U. Has Great Punter in 'Windy- Dolaway ’^^^iC^MlNGTON, IND., Sept. 17^Perfection—the ; e^se wh;Which experts do things without missing and without too jthuilh exertion—sometimes becomes funny. •.i/ljiai is in the case of Earl Dolaway^ Iridiana ...rj.i ‘ 1 punter of pigskihs. The Hooker, coaOhes siibw a stnile of satisfaction when Dolaway, Who
unique Hadley . . .
i[#'i^|iid'-,!^Hidly” forthesame ——
itooB JOT Louis might .be
to increase Indiatia’s
^ V puts his toe into return average^ He sent ^illy il;n^':l6athefi . HUlenbrand and Charley JaCoby ■■^ith sophomores Bob Dean, 35 yards and ask Dolaway to
L T» 7-1 punt to thtem. It sailed over theit
^f|p)tomingtoh; Jimmy De-
^AiV O^'Oak .Park, 111., and Bob “Back up five yards,” McHfillilni ^p^^n,i'ief ;Ffe Wayne, on each side cried out. '
|t everything they Dolaway booted it five yards over; B|yei to move’th from 36 to their heads. .
. iSt^yatdsWbolaway daily averages “Go on back about five more
4j| l|hkeli as 60 yards, and often hits yards,” Bo commanded. " ' Dolaway kicked it over their
;/^e0ent^^,j'however, Dolaway’s heads. ’ lobg-i^iSge nratilig,became slightly “Dolaway!” Bo exclaimed* “for nfitatiiig to Bp McMillin, the Hoo- cryin’ out loud ease up a little. W®’ ilead; man. .ft is no secret that kain't git aiiy work done that Way.” jtMdna ,.Qn nfiany. occasions this fall, Mr. McMillin is hoping that .InwjbuSe two (Safety men when op- diana won’t have to do much punt^htieilitli'iiire m.a kicking situation, ing this fail, but if. it^ does, Mr. So' MoMlllin ’.'has been conducting Dolaway is an expert at it.
(SrossCountry PE
Si^ua^Opens $pa^nOct.3 . |ibe|e'nding for^ the first time in
9i;||||ni^years*,tbe Big Ten and Indiaiiav.. Conference championships, the-!cross-country squad will open itsi-8eS^oini50ct; 3 with Indiana. The cflkinpions beat Indiana three times igat. year; the team .was considered a oile (Of fthevbe^jn the history
tbn'iY®ftity* Winning not only
tftC'.’ai^e^'championihips but also i^bin^ jtKiyil .in the National Meet.
Ht|li0it'vAn^ Deus1er Remain Ty^O,.jiWn?frOm last year’s squad
gr^^naf^i^j^o, others were taken twj|tk^.|^lined .forces, and two re-
to be used ..as a nucleus for
tniai ’d'^tbam. The team is built
v'peusler’, arid Roach. From
^^y^rospecfe Qut’for the team, j|hiIS|p;,|!icked'Seven men last night f'or#^ half mile trial.
rijslijitioiii.: to! those ■; named above
tjiOrri Was Kirider, Ashwell, Harrier, by^bh, Sewariid, and Willi. These irtOn..wili fofrn'' the backbone of this
yegr’s'squad, who will meet:
October 3
^iscdnsiri ...Oct. 24 Western Mithigan..;.. Oct. 31 Btate Meet ...Nov. 7 big. Teh, Meet. ! Nov. 16 NCAA .....Nov.‘ 23
With approximately 2700 men taking PEM 12 this semester a dire shortage of lockers and baskets has resulted in inadequate space for about two hundred students. Those 360 men who have handed ip their locker slips but have not received a basket should report immediately to the intramural check window as there is space remaining for 160. The other two hundred will be provided with baskets and these baskets will be locked up at the check-out window. These two hundred, however, will have to provide their own locks as there is shortage of them and the University cannot get any more. Therefore those men who do not have assigned lockers, but have handed in their slips should go to the Fieldhouse and
find out where they stand..
New Lockers
Forseeing this shortage in locker space, the physical education department made'plans for one thousand new lockers in the basement of the Fieldhouse. These new spaces should be ready in three or four weeks and will be used by both meri and women if the emergency arises. There will also be four showers in
Big Ten foot^ll takes its first step of the j 1942 season tomorrow when-two Big Ten teariis, Iowa and Wiscorisiri, begin operations on tj^ir hottig-iflelds. Wisconsin operis her,nffsack against the Wgrfiqr^of Camp Grant, \^lllinois; Iowa makes advanrieri jagainst Tl^ashinglon University of Si. touis. Thf iBri^rifs still are in a qdandry ahonix tBe startirig possibilities of Pat^ ' ^ Big Trial’s leading grpund; gairier of last season, fOliowirigfxsi'leg injury sustained in prheticeSfearlier; in the/, season. Besides ' HafdPri; George Markis, a guard, and Bob Reunebohm, an end, will vbe >cpri(tpelled to remain on the Sideiittes' because'of injuries. Schuniageii^XlPiays With Warriors The aggregrition ; from Camp Grant sports a backfield composed of Stan Stasica of South Carolina, last year on the All Southern Conference team; Mickey Anderson, former Southern California quarterback;- Reino Mori, formerly of the Chicago Bears; and pal Schuniaker, last Season a fullback on the Boilermaker eleven, lowri Opens Season A little farther to the West, in Iowa City, the Hawkeyes play host to the grid squad from Washington University of St. Louis in the second Western Conference football game of the day! The Iowa squad made no “bones” about what kind of opposition to expect from the gents, from Washington tomorrow as experience and weight are coiribined in what is called by coaches, the best at a Missouri Valley school in years. Iowa is also well supplied with material this season, both experienced arid raw. Two crack ends, Dick Devine arid Bill Pufalt, teamed with Lee Tevis, passing left half, compose a combination that will bear watching, and is expected to do corisiderable damage before this season is snowed under.
these new quarters. At the present there are 2121 baskets in the small lockers, while 2600 lockers totally are available to the general public. Swimming For The Public At the present about nine hundred towels are given out each day to the student body. For those who are interested in swimming, the pool will be available to the genei-al male population of the University from twenty-five minutes of the hour until the end of the hour. The other time the PE 12 classes have the pool.
We are getting, tired .^^famgj^Henevdr the SAE’s come around. We are gettirig slightly weary i(f- j^plaii>ing that rire are just absent-minded and really have ,rioP:u|f||^if;‘pOrsoriai motives in keeping the fact that the SAE’s won the’'Stiinm[.oj!^^ Participation Trophy a dark secret. Well* it didta’f.‘ ge|!!f^ play it deserved—it wasn’t exactly passed
without cominent*,.-
Anyhow, we wish to a1dri^B>*i^ildge our laxity and hand a bouquet or two to Sigma Alpha Epsilon, who snagged the trophy out of a competition that was as hot and close as any race in the past. This a|temoori/Af;Mjp. m. the Slugging Senators from the Student Senate w'ill underfaji;e:t^;Cope witklt^e diamond prowess of the Exponent staff on Intramural Field, in a game which is of no national significance, but which should prodpice|Siop5,e n4w kinks in the baseball line. Neither team has*a;‘coh®eOTj^e record to point to, but it is generally acknowiedged by tHll ;^eriate,|^^ tilW Senate is pretty good. The legislators are relyirig:<M;the of ,i)eno Thomas to keep the journalists oht of the 20-run braijj^OT^^He the [Exponent will expose the Senate to the slants of Dale Butz to avoid any unnecessary wear and tear on their ■oritfieid. . . The stakes publicly Unaounced by any responsible party, but it is rpi^^^;&t they are of such a nature that the battle . will probably be a )IMody'‘bhe. ' ' John Ariios has been Shifted downlto a relief capacity at latest reports, sinCe Exponent first-stringers ^are l^equired to have earned at least an “A” in PE 12. Jean Lauer ,al§p..haa been, transferred from second, brise to the morale‘department for the start of the contest, but if Boswinkle has any trouble handling the'keystone territory, Jeannie will take over.
The startingdinepps are as follows:
; EXPONENT - ^ ^ SENATE Boswinkle, 2nd , . Neal, If Ochiltree, 3rd Hoffman, 2nd
^ King, 88
Wilson, 1st Crofts, 3rd Miller, cf McKee, rf Glezen, sf Thomas, p
Neff, c
Incidentally the teams are. going to be a little careful about the equipment they use. The ranks of the Sig Eps and Kappa Sigs in their tilt yesterday were Slibstantfriliy reduced when a Fieldhouse bat, from which the grip had been worA *&way, twice got away from the batsmen and sailed off across Intramural Field to catch one spectator a bad blow on the ankle and one player full on the face and picking off twp more players before it quit bouncing. 'The smooth wood- handle is hard to hold with perspiring hands. It looks like a little adhesive tape might avoid the battering of the participants.
I NT R AM UR A L S
Dawson, l^t^ ' Hunter,!'sk’' I
Butz, p
Hadley, c
Klouman, rf Ingersoll; If Martindell, sfn
Gjemre, cf
Friday, September 18, inclusive, regardless of weather conditions, will be the limit for qualifying (18 holes) in the Inter-Fraternity and All-Campus G o ^ ^ Tournaments. Please have all your score cards in either at the Intramural Office or the Starter House by Saturday morning, properly signed by your opponent and the name of Fraternity on 'each card.
14 Robert Porterfield vs. winner R. W. Greider vs. C. P. Parrish. 15 J. K. Moore vs. winner Ratchford vs. Blitz. 16 R. M. Berry vs. winner Rupp vs. Hoffman. . , „ 17 E. B. Levine vs. winner Gardner , vs. McQuay. 18 Wm. Hackett Vs. winner G* N. Ross vs. Ralph Bray. 19 George Taylor vs. winner Bob Wells vs. C. B. Raljhan.
Burnham To Start Three Secorm Year Men Against Rhinie Team By Sheldon Watson VARSITY FRESHiteN Harris LE ... Fend (fTlfden, Gfiicagb) Warren .....LT: Macherey (CrawfordbylSteT Seidell (soph.) LG ........ Reynolds (GrilBtK) Hurrle (soph.) Ot.^..... Lambert (Henderson, Powers Hard (Tilden, Chicai|V>! Smerke ...RE......... ...Paszkiet (Wash., S. Bendy Snyder........! QB Warner (Elkhart) Chester ..i.x;....-... ...LH Bernard (Kalamazoo, Mick) Andretich ...;.BH.„... ...Kertis (Wash., S. Bend) Winkler (soph.) .FB..... ...Hazelwood (Franfcforl) Eoss-Ade Stadium will be the scene of the annual Gimle;^ Sponsored Varsity-Freshman grid struggle Saturday aftetn^on at .2:30 p. m. This tilt will be the last appearance of the Boilermaker grid machine before their initial scheduled ganie with the Fordham Rams Saturday, September 26. . Coach Lowery'^s.freshman squad on the other hand will be donning their game uniforms — —~ for the first regulation tilt of should come in their first tilt, with their season. Big Ten frosh Fordham. A strong aerial defen|e squads are not allowed to par- necessary to stop the hurl- . . . 1 1 ' I, J 1 J ing of Fordham’s fullback Steve ticipate m regularly scheduled pitip„,ricz, who flip, them with , games* so their only actual canny, accuracy from goal to goal, tilts come in sessions with the var- Also featured in last night’s i^ac- . sity or “B” teams. tice was the perfection of tiriiirig Proceeds For Broadcasts and blocking on plays that will be Saturday's game will give the stu- used against the freshmen on Satdents, in return for a slight nom- urday. inal fee of twenty-five cents, a Sophomores Start chance to see what Coach Burnham Coach Burnham will use three and the boys have been “cookin’ up” sophomores in his probable starting behind thoSe thick canvas fence lineup Saturday. This is probably covers for. the past month. Of course being done in an effort to See hoW the freshmen will also have the these inexperienced men work under chance to strut their stuff and to fire. Coach Lowery, on the other show how Coach Lowery has ably side of the story, although: faced filled the shoes of former freshman with the difficult task of attempting mentor Burnham. The proceeds of to appraise his squad of 126 enthuathe garhe Will go as usual to the iastic candidates, has been aWfe to. broadcasting of all of the Boiler- select a tentative starting line--Qp maker games that are played away, for the game Saturday. ; . The Gimlet dub will sponsor and Burly Freshmen : . broadcast these games as they have The Rhinies have a crew of burly in former years. physical - speciineris this seasbi|.; And In The Air They have showed up very imprrikLast night’s practice session for sively on defense in short scriintihe varsity gridTsquad consisted of mages with the vaj;s}ty this fall and aerial defense tactics for the back- have been laboring pvertiine ih ah field men. The Boilermakers led the effort to develop a combinatipn nation last year in this line of de- single wing and short punt offense’fense and intend to repeat this year, to use against the varsity on SatTheir first trial in this department urday. . ..?
Intramural Department
ever
tefori
11 tke worl(J
pen like this !
Idffal for dollego work,.. "torpedo" point •tarts on the split second . . . original ' pocket-ievei Miiitary Clip Term papers .. . exams ... or a letter home— ' 'i; X there’s a thrilling new experience in handling the J Farker "51.” It’s a wholly new kind of writing I. j. i: instrument. Handsome to look at.;. responsive " as your forefinger. Writes with truly amazing ! ■ ease. Then supreme magic—you don’t need a hluttec! For the Parker "51”—and this pen alone ' U-is designed to write with a new-type fluid,' . Parker "51” Ink. This amazing ink dries as you n ' foritej Ends sjmudging.;. ink-stained fingers. Yet
the Parker "51” can also handle any ink to perfection. See and try the remarkahle Parker "51” "51” Ink at yoqr favqritc pen counter. Prices are $12.50 and $15.00. Many beautiful Parker Vacumatic pens, too, at $5.00 and $8.75; ^GUARANTEED BY LIFE CONTRACT! Parker's Blue Diamond on the peri is our contract uriconditionally guaranteeing service for the owner's life, without cost other than 35^ chtfrgefor postage, insurance, and handling, if pen is not intentionally damaged and is returned complete to The Parker Pen Company, Janesville, Wisconsin.
The following Ad Campus Tennis Singles matches will be played Friday, evening. Sept. 18, at .4:16:
Court
1 K. V. Smith vs. C. .H‘. Stockman. 2 B. M. Glazer'vs. L. A. Cohen. 3 Pat Gibbons-'vs. 'Nat Lasking. 4 C. N. Ross vs. Ralph Bray. 6 Mike Kovalow'vs; W. P. Stevenson. ' ' ’ 6 R. E. Rawlings vs. J. D. Thomas. 7 J. T. Rodgers vs. E. P. 'Wells. 8 J. C. Harrisriri vs. G. E. Gifford. 9 D. L. Johnson vs. winner of D’.., M. Long vs. ' Oscar Smuckler match. ■ 10 H. Miller vs. winner of W. W. Dingle vs. R. G. Hannani. ' 11 Tim Murdoch vs. winrier K. V. " Smith vs. C. H. Stockrrian; 12 Bill Moser vs. winner Jl G. Mitchell vs. D. H. Rodgers. 13 J. C. Harrison vs. winrier’ A1 -Geraci vs. George Kern.
The following Ward softball games will be played Friday evening, Sept. 18, at 4:15: Diamond n
Owen House vs. Ward 10. Ward 6 vs. Ward 12. Ward 9 vs. Roachdale. Marwood vs. Westminster. Ward 24 vs. Bivouac. Chauncey vs. Circle Pines. Dover House vs. International.
The folio-wing Cary Hall touchball games will be played Friday evening. Sept, 18, at 4:00 :-
Field
1 Unit 7 vs. Unit 2. Umpire: Bussing 2 Unit 3 vs. Unit 5. Umpire: Shook 3 Unit 4 vs. Unit 6. Umpire: Musselman
Mixed one ball two-some golf is the latest freak game that the intramural department has announced. According to CJhiei Clevett, head of the intramural department, this novel evdnt will take place any time after next Sunday noon until dark that evening. In case of bad weather conditions this Sunday
the contest will come up in the near future.
The idea of this mixed one ball two-some is to allow the girls and fellows to pldy in partner- — - ship with equal advantage, ested in taking part in the toumriThe game will be played for the ™ent, a sheet will be provided on
the intramural bulletin board opposite the check out -window in the Fieldhouse on which to sign up.
most part with one ball over eighteen holes. The winners and runners-up - will receive tro-
phies.
Both Will Tee Off Both of the individuals, the boy
This is for both the men who have partners already and those that desire to get orie for the meet. The girls who do not have part-
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Iversity Booll Store
Across From Union ^ ''Rad" SammoQi *29 ' "Doa** *40
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. Lafayetts
and the girl, will tee off with two ners and desire to play are to sign balls. The ball which is hit the up at the Women’s gym, while thoBe farthest will then be used for the Women who already have meri partrest of the play, with each of the ners- do not need to sign up, as the persons alternating hitting the men will register for them. .sphere. The team that finishes with Those girls that sign up will be the lowest score will win the match, fixed up with the boys that do not The couples will be allowed as have partners. According to the long as they want to finish the senior Clevett, Chief by name, one course just so that they start after girl should ask for him as he delunch Sunday and finish befpre dark, sires to play also. This is an allthough some of them might not campus tournament and thus is want to finish before then. open to the faculty as well as the For the fellows who are inter- student body.
HOW ARE YOUR CARDS STACKED? Do they show that the choicest meats and vegetables are going to be hard to obtain in the future? Do they show that it will be hard to eat the best foods at low costs as in he past? Solve your problems by eating at the PURDUE UNION
Our dietitians see to it that we will be able to get the best foods obtainable for the civilian population. JhsL^wtdusL lAmofL Just take a walk through the building!f
i ' rt 1 ‘ % -i;\ I ■ s , ,< I . 1 ; #,«>
IV ,
J
■', f. ,f 5 '■', ■ /i : ■ M Tjurdiie "E:^pQn$ht
i T iti -4 \ 3,,.. ':?4'.. ,jf , _, # ^ - flit Friday^ Sqpfemher l^,
300 Detegafes At^nd Fuial Soybean Session
A^Jjprcptimately 30D persons attended ttbe >final session of the 22nd Annual American Soybean Associatibn meeting yestei’day which included onJts program the inspection, of soybean varieties And a discussion of soybean ^^roduction. The meeting was held at the University soils and crops farm, and the tour was conducted by K. E. Beeson of the Agronomy department. The discussion, held at noon in the grove of the University farm, included four speakers. C. C. Farrington, official of the Commodity Credit Corporation; J. B. Edmondson, of Clayton; Dr. W. H. Morse, Washington, D. C., and L. F. Mollin, Denver, Colorado, gave their views on soybean production problems, and the use of the crop as a source of protein for livestock. Mollin Discusses Prices In his talk on the place of protein feeds in the western range country and the unsettled relationship of feeder and fat cattle prices, Mollin declared, “We are hopeful that soon equitable price ceilings will be established whereby not only the ceilings will be enforced but they will be in a degree of fairness so that both the range producer and the coi’n belt farmer can do their part. Certainly it is not going to help win the war to have our ranchers or the corn belt feeders go
broke.”
Persons attending the “Food for Freedom Field Day” meeting, also held at the University farm yesterday afternoon, inspected test plots of corn, castor beans and pasture research. The castor beans included six varieties and the corn tests involved 36 different hybrids.
Dr. DHbreth
(Continued from page 1) lectually and physically as the men are now doing. We cannot expect to shift into services after leading a soft life,” she added. Courses Proposed In suggesting a toughening up program she proposed short evening courses for industrial training for women. She pointed out that Newark office girls had trained to be nurses’ aids in addition to their office work and that courses would be offered to women here if they ask for it. These courses such as have been given over the country would prove beneficial to the women later on in life and may vivify school work that the student is doing. Dr. Gilbreth said that she iS sorry that she will have to miss the vocational conference that is to be held here 'October 27 and 28, r. because “it is to be the best ever held and very useful.” Dr. Gilbreth is leaving Saturday for Newark and will not return until November 16. She is in the Personnel Relations Division, the non-technical part of the engineering school, at Newark College of Engineering. She is a member of several government and war committees, the best kno'wfi' being the War Manpower Committee. On this committee she is working under President Day of Cornell on the education committee specializing in how women can cooperate in the war effort.
iSaiunlay's ^ Chosen As Scene Tot 'Battle Of Bands':
Jr. and <Sr. Unlisted nescrvlsts! juftiqrs and aeniors in the Enlisted
‘Corps' ‘Who afre interoftwd ’ tftklnt! * tjm, cOUrSB in (Lbdaership, MitttSH’yCGijurtesy‘ann DIsdip'line -and Orcanizatidn of' thb Afw’ should sipth Up in .thb Aii'jUtitUt’8 OffiOei-Jlh .
Featuring the “Battle of Bands,'” tomon'ow’s mixer .offers- the bands of liiaury MaW And' ifeud 'Roderick. Lasting from 8:3(1 to 11:00, the music Will be offered Alternately by the two hands playing ‘in the two ballrooms of the Upion. The admission price, $1.10 per couple, will not be boosted. A blue and red combination backdrop with the names of the bands written in silver has been designed for the dance. '
JBnIisted Reserve Applicants: All students who applied /or enlistment in the Enlisted Reserve Corps during the summer term and ^bave not yet been enlisted shdtild report to rotn B4 dn the 'basement 'of thb Armory to Cdhipltte-Ifhoir enlistfnent, -^GRAlHAlVi
the-Armory prior to September 23,
/ —GRAHAM
‘ Junior Military Students: Who were forfrtierly included under par. 20 (i. e. at their 3Wn expense) but who 'have vince Mgncd the contract, wifi please'call at the Military Department Supply 'dfticc ahd obtain refund of deposits. —LT. BROWN
KShfisted 'Reserve 'Corps: tfuhiors and iors desiring to enter the Enlisted ReaerVe Corps are again reminded that the QtiptA isdimited and those desiring to enltst apply in Room 'B4 in ^he basement of the Arihofy fUe soon ^fts 'possible. ^ ® ^
—GRAKAM'^^
)M. T. ^ Cadeta: Report to supply *roomi)i> draw wodl uniform trousers. ■ 't ^ \
" ‘A*'
-thrown?!
Summer Marriage Goutse EttrdlleSs: Promised booklets from Dr. Burkhart are in the office of ‘Dr. Wilkoiring, dOUn 'df men. Those who desire may obtain them by calling anytime from 9 to 4 p.* m.' -^PATRICK
Fraternity Rush Chairmen : The FAO flies of new freshmen interested in being rushw are available ^anytime after 4 p.* w. Monu^ through Friday. —WXLdOX.,\
Union To Sponsor War Stamp Contest
'History, Gov. ^anu Econ. *C* Removal: Examinations for the removal of‘conditions and inconfipletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will 'be held on Bat., ‘Odt, 10, at 1 *p. m. in •room 313 of the recitation building. Application must be 'made in advance. —ESTEY
Roger Williams Foundation: Softball ’Saturday, Set»t. 18, 1 jUO p. Ttt.'tdt'BOjifh/fe^ intramural field, with Christian Fouhq^tiun. ‘All new‘ftfierhbers urged cbrtio. - » , —SCHALEIOL^» ^ Purdue Engineer: Important ataff ■ taeeiing Friday, September 19, at 4 p. jb the office. , '
Zouaves: Pradtice* for Corps Day Drills
Sdpt. 24 andi29 will be held Monday'^through Friday of every week until notice of discontinuation ib* given ‘in the Armoir^ at
4 p; m. " ‘
lExpdnent iuitior aUd'SCiHOr staff: Ati^on^ desiring .press passes see me son. —C. CT. ‘Gjemre * ‘
-JACKSON
'Iota Lambda Sigma; There wBl ^bte hn
Bud Abbott (L) and Lou Costello ‘disport themselves in the colorful raiment of "south seas natives for the major portion of “Pardon My Sarong,” Universal’s latest comedy production starring the two celebrate comedians. Mars, 5 days starting tomorrd^f. - - -- I . ■ I
Six keel Movie Will Be Shown At First Meeting Of ASME
Personnel Notes
Three Hundred Voice Choir To Sing At Religious Convo
Fraternity Affairs Will Hold Callout
Over three hundred voices, the members of the University Choir, will sing at the first of the Religious Convocations on October 18 in the Ball of Music at 10:30 a. ni. This year’s Music Hall Chorus is the largest that Director Stewart has assembled. Dr. L. Hadley, in charge of Religious Convocations for the University, has announced Dr. H. E. Luccock as the speaker for the service. Dr. Luccock is a member of the Yale Divinity school. The Choir, accompanied by Arthur Jacklin and managed by Richard H. Buffington, will wear black robes for the service. The public is invited.
-"Fraternity Affairs Office is holding a callout for sophomores and second semester fieshmen today at 4 p. m. in room 328 of the Union. For those who have late classes and are unable to attend the first meeting, another one is being he{d at 5 p. m. Functions of the office committees will be discussed at this meeting. The committees aie publicity, rush, special events and scholarships. Each worker will be assigned to the committee of his preference.
Executive Committee of the Univeisity Student Branch of ASME has announced that the first meeting will be next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union Building. “With Williamson Beneath the Sea”, a six reel sound movie, will be shown at this get acquainted meeting. Following the movie, refreshments will be seived and-at this time membeiship applications will be accepted.
C. H. Hobbs
. . . completed the requirements for his doctor’s degree at the close of last semester. He assisted in plant physiology and general botany during his graduate years. In the near futuie, Hobbs expects to join the Medical Department of the Aimy as chemical laboratory tech-
North'^American Aviation, Int., Inglewood, Califoi*rtia •— September 17 and 18. M. E., C. E., E. E., and Aero. E. Ranger Aircraft Engines, Farmmgdale, L. L, N. Y.—September 22. Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, E. Hartford, Conn.—September 23 and 24. Interested in December Engineering students. Proctor & Gamble Co., Ivorydale, Ohio—September 24 and 26. National Tube Company, Lorain, Ohio—September 26. M. E., Met. E., E. E. Vought-Sikorsky Aircraft, Stratford, Conn.—September 28 and 29. M. E., Aeio. E., Ch. E., Met. E. Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—Octobei 12 and 13. Interested in M. E., Aero. E., Ch. E., Met. E., P. S. E. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, October 5.
Student Union will sponsor a contest again ‘this semester to stijpPlate the sales 'of detfense stamps and boost competition ainong all organized groups. Stamps may be bought any day at the Sweet Shop booth between 4 and 5:30 p. m. A similar contest Was held during the summer term 'and at the end of that contest, Dover House ‘and Lambda Chi Alpha were leading all other groups. A chatt similar to last-semester’s will be posted in a few days to showthe progi’ess of the corttest; The contest is under the direction of Marion Siegler and-Ted Chapman.
'DBbfis Pictures: 'Coop. Houses, SCA Bonrd, Bivouac, Scabbard and Blade, FOMM, IdouaVes, and Vircinia C. Meredith Club, Tuesday, Sept. 22, starting, at 7 p. m. —BADdER
Classified Ads
‘Triton; There will be 1 a spionic. at the WAA cabin'instead bf regular mebtirtg TUaBday, Sept. 22. Those whoijare going Bhould sign the papdr on the bulletin board to the office in the Memorial' Gyrtr noon, Monday, Sept. 21. Price, 26c. , M|it at Gym cm Tuesday 'at 6 :30. —^ROW'N^
"Newman 'Club: The Newman Club wfil sponsor a radio dance Saturday, ScpL.lfl* in the West Faculty Lounge. Refrerfhmenis will be served and admission, is fjee- V
Typewriters Repaired. All makcb. Work guaranteed. Rates reasonable. ^‘Monty” “Montana, Wesley Foundation, 436 State. Phone 6976.
Expoitent'-Jttdcpenddnt Staffs; TEveryone is invited to the picnic on Saturday, SfepL Meet in the office at 8 p. m. H ydu pl^n to come, bring 60c to the office
Warited Bids on P. A. system to rent to P, I. A. once a month for next eight months. Box 745, Cary Hall or call 8421. Pecsok.
Christian Foundation: "School Daze*’ pqrty Friday at 7 :30 at Tower RoOm^df TJrtion. Gome dressed as kids if possible. You mtty come and leave at any time, —JOHNSON
Freshmen W& fleet
Typewriters—Adding jwacnines, all makes ^aOld, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph worksdones. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone *2779.
Money to loan oh diatnonds, watches, guiiB, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia.
Roger Williams Foundation: Scavenger 'hunt Saturday, September 49, at 7:30 p. m. Meet at Church in the ‘Fourtda‘fion roOm. Tlveryonc welcome. Price, 16c. —ULREY
Simmonds AerocesSories, Inc., New Yoik—Interested in M. E., E. E., Aero. E. for instrument division. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, September 18.
Freshman 'coeds will elect their two representatives to the Associated Women Students executive board on September 30. All freshman girls are eligible to apply for the positions by presenting a signed petition at the AWS office or to Tillie Croll, AWS president, any time before the elec^tions. Signatures of twenty-five freshman coeds must accompany the petition, headed by the following foim: We the undersigned do hereby nominate for the position of freshman representative on the AWS Executive Board for the fall 1942 term. Freshman passport must be piesented at the election which will be held in the Union.
Will pay caflh for *any old or new used bicycles. Kiger Shell Service,'Northwestern at Columbia.
Chemistry 3 an^ 4; Examinations for removal of contHtioTi‘1* will bo ^■offered'Sspt^h*
ber 26, at 1 ;00 p. m.
Lost—lAlphn Chi Omega pin. Finder Call 5092. Reward.
For Sale—Matched set Wilson golf clubs. Phone 6996. Ask for Nick.
Presidents of Scholastic Honoraries: Therd will be an important meeting next Monday at 4:16 in the Senate Office. Flans’fioriSdflior day and iparade will be discussed. •Pleu^ plan to attend or send a representative. ^ —NEFF
Lost—^Rose gold Elgin watch in Union washroom. Reward. Call 8444. Larry Flora.
English and Speech Cortditiqinal Examinations: Examinations for the romovaJ ,ofi conditions in “English anfl >Speebh , Will
Lost—A ‘black and silver Sheaffer pencil With initials D. A. S. Reward. Call 8413. Room 3313.
given on Saturday, Oct. 10, from 1 to‘4,
• " 1 Of
For Rent—One single room. 439 Salisbury. Phone 65601.
.. Room 201, University Hall. Removal condition cards, obtainable at ‘the Engjijdt Ofticc, should be properly filled out and $2.00 fee paid prior to the examination, ** ‘
^CREEk
Lost—Liberty bicycle. Left Sept. 10 in in front of Cary Hall Southw.cst, Phopc 1^421. Reward. Leroy Ruck.
Skull and ’Crescent: Meeting Thursday, September 22, at 7 p. m. in the UTiioSI^ Room will be announced later. —KING’
DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert Heppir Service SOUTHWORTH'S
POMM: All who wish to attend the picnic Wednesday, September 23, please aign roll on the bulletin board. —MQRGAN’i
Juniors i^d Sophomores: There has an increase in the quota for the Mlvandad Course ROTC. All students who have copipletcd the basic course ROTC and wAo hav^ three or four terms in the University aitd who desire advanced Military training ac^ Capt. McMaken in th6' Armory for dethiu. —McMAKEN;'
oz. of Eau de Toilette Free
with the famous
■ '^Follow 2de^ Face Powder
5-1*1
1
FOR BOTH
FOR A SHORT
.TIME ONLY
VARVA Eau-*Je Toilette anJ powder, fcolL fragrant witt taunting "Follow ite odeur tliat lasts and lasts. 6 guest puffs are nestled in tke tandbox...’ and tke set is a wonderful warm-weatlier value!
*Plui tax
ISUIVEZsMOII
I
(DmiL TIUm
— L nUE yAAjUiL
OISE SEMESTER .
A, I . . . . $1.75
TWO SEMESTERS .
' ;i‘?i . . . . $3.00
^ ’ > MAILED AIVYWHERE
^ t ■ . . . $3.50
; ^
For the latest in Campus, City, and Wnrtd IVews
i'v
HEAD
THE EXPOMMT
Ynur Campus Paper Phuue 4005
% I)
4'
'4 ' a
■iss