Summer Session Issue
Purdue Exponent
Vol. 2
Friday
Lafayette, Indiana
June 24, 1938
No. 3
«!»!!!!■
NEWS since Sunday
WASHINGTON At His Family Estate . . . ... in Hyde Park, N. Y., Monday morning, President Roosevelt began the task of considering the near four hundred bills enacted by Congress before adjournment last week. The President had steamed up the Hudson river, with part of his family, abroad the white house yacht, Potomac, from Nahant, Mass., where last Saturday Youngest Son John married Anne Lindsay Clark in a typically Roosevelt family ceremony. Tuesday he signed the $3,753,000,000 lending-spending bill designed to prime the business pump sufficiently to bring recovery out of present recession. The Public Works Administration and other governmental agencies benefitting from this recovery-relief program were anticipating potential expenditures, are now ready to swing full forces against the current slump. PWA Had Approved . . . . . . 590 projects Wednesday night with total construction costs of $157J)00,000, affecting nearly every state in the union. Six grants ran into the million dollar class, second largest of these, $2,322,00 going to Fort Wayne, Ind., towards $5,160,000 of sewerage improvement. Among other federal allotments, $75,000,000 was turned over to the National Youth Administration to enable it to operate until June, 1939, in helping students through school with part-time projects. Tonight . . . . . . -back in Washington, Roosevelt will speak to the nation in another fireside chat . . . supposedly to explain more fully the lendspend program and to discuss economic conditions. Asked Tuesday whether economic skies are brightening, he answered briefly: “There have been a few raindrops coming from the heavens that probably will be followed by much-needed showers.” NATIONAL Bridge Stone And Steel . . . . . . suddenly crumpled, jackstrawing engine and cars of the Milwaukee Railroad’s crack “Olympian” passenger train into raging Montana Custer Creek and drowning over 40 passengers in rail-high waters early Sunday morning. Just a few minutes before, a railroad-paid track walker reported the creek bed almost dry. This “worst American railroad tragedy in recent years” came without warning as the 11-car airconditioned train sped through sudden storm rain toward the fatal bridge 26 miles east of Miles City, Mont. Many passengers escaped during the hours before help could be summoned; rescue crews dragged 25 more from the water-filled coaches. Coroner’s jury found the wreck accidental, while the coroner reported Wednesday that 37 bodies had been recovered. 80,000 Fans . . . . . . barely got settled in their Yankee Stadium, New York, seats Wednesday night before World’s Champion Heavyweight Joe Louis pounded German-hope Schmeling into technical oblivion in just two minutes and four seconds. Schmeling was smashed to the floor three times during this shortest heavsTweight title bout on rec{Continued on page 2)
Bishop Hughes Will Speak At First Relig ious Convo Chorus To Sing ^God So Loved The World/ And ^Cast Thy Burden Upon The Lord' Bishop Edwin Holt Hughes, of Washington, D. C., and senior bishop in the Methodist Episcopal Church, will visit the campus this week to speak at the first Summer Session convocation Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. ^ ^ I Bishop Hughes is a national figV^OliVO 3p©3K6r ure in church affairs, and is a familiar visitor on the Purdue campus, having spoken at several religious convos during the regular school
semesters.
After serving several years as president of DePauw University, Hughes became a Bishop and has since lived in Chicago. During his years of service in the Methodist Church he has spoken in all parts of Indiana as well as in practically every state in the Union. His wide reputation as a witty and forceful speaker has been upheld in his several visits to the campus. Chorus To Sing Music at the convo will be provided by the Summer Session chorus of 50 voices, directed by A. P. Stewart, University choral director. The group will sing two anthems, “God So Loved the World” from “The Crucifixion,” by Stainer, and “Cast Thy Burden Upon the Lord,” from “Elijah,” by Mendelssohn. H. I. Metzger, of West Lafayette, will accompany on the
organ.
The convocation will be open to the general public, as well as University studenst and faculty mem-
bers.
Miner, Adams, Norman Go To Theta Convention Betty Hiner, HE ’39, of West Lafayette, left yesterday by train for Spring Lake, New Jersey, to attend the national bi-annual convention of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, June 25 to July 1. As president of the local Theta chapter, she is the official delegate from this group. She was accompanied by Mrs. Ralph Adams, of West Lafayette, president of the local Alumnae Club. Martha Norman, HE ’39, of Indianapolis, is the only other representative of the University chapter. She went east with the Butler delegation. Kay Leaves For Month Capt. W. L. Kay with his family left the city Saturday for a month’s furlough before reporting as a member of the quartermaster corps of Fort Knox, Ky., by order of the U. S. war department.
Bishop Edwin Holt Hughes, of Washington, D. C., who will speak in Eliza Fowler Hall Sunday at the first Summer Session religious
convocation.
Ross-AdeStadium To Seat Audience At Sonq Festival
Old and new favorites, ranging from “Old Folks at Home” to “Smoke Gets in Your Eyes,” will have places on the program next Wednesday night when students, faculty and townspeople gather in Ross-Ade Stadium for the first Summer Session outdoor song fes-
tival.
In former years these sings have attracted atendances of several thousand, and have provided some of the best-liked programs of the summer schools. Community Singing Stressed Community singing will be featured during most of the evening, with George Campbell, of Cincinnati, O., as the song leader. Robert A. Phillips, student director of the University orchestra, will be the accompanist, and the Summer Session chorus of 50 voices will furnish background music for the group. Several special numbers will be given by the Oxford choir, of Oxford, Ind., which is under the direction of Mrs. Vera Vickers. The sing will begip at 8 o’clock, and the general public, as well as students and staff members is in-
vited.
Forster Takes Position With Penton Publishers Hugh Forster, PSE ’38, member of the Exponent staff for four years, has accepted a position with the Penton Publishing Company, of Cleveland, O. He will assume his duties on August 1 when he will be assigned to the staff of Steel, a trade journal. While Forster was at Purdue he was a member of Sigma Phi Epsilon social fraternity; president of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honorary; a member of Iron Key; and a member of Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary.
Students, Faculty Will Picnic At Ross Civil Camp This Afternoon Students and faculty members attending the 1938 Summer Session will picnic this afternoon at Ross Camp, summer home of freshman civil engineers. The outing is scheduled to begin at 4 p. m. Reservations should have been made at the Union by 10 o’clock last night, and transportation will not be furnished. Coach Elmer Burnham has been placed in charge of the games and entertainment of the afternoon. The supper furnished by the Union will cost 35 cents per person. Dr. S. J. Miller, University Health Service Director, announced last night that persons expecting to swim in the Ross Camp pool during the picnic must have a health certificate. He wil make examinations there and issue these certificates which also make the individual eligible to swim in the Fieldhouse pool this summer. Kidd Will Discuss Cancer Challenge At Convocation Cancer, that intangible enemy against which man wages constant warfare, and which has engaged wide public interest in the last few years, will occupy the attention of Summer Session students and others Monday morning when Dr. John G. Kidd discusses the disease at the second convocation to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall jat 11 o'clock. Dr. Kidd’s subject for this talk will be “The Challenge of Cancer,” and he wfil discuss the disease’s implications for the medical profession and for society as a whole. Invitations to hear the address have been extended to doctors, nurses, and others over the state who are concerned with public health problems, in addition to all Summer Session students, faculty and townspeople. Dr. Kidd is one of the country’s foremost authorities on cancer, and has done outstanding work on this subject at the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research in New York City. He is now connected Avith this research group. Mrs. Potter Entertains At Courtesy Luncheon Mrs. A. A. Potter, wife of the dean of the University engineering schools, entertained a group of friends at an informal luncheon at her home on Stadium avenue Wednesday as a courtesy to Mrs. C. S. Blakely. Colonel Blakely, retiring head of the Purdue military department, and Mrs. Blakely will make their home in Louisville, Ky.
Personnel Men Hear Advice Of Associates Max Shafer Blames Troubles On Misunderstanding Of Other Party “Most labor troubles are caused by misunderstanding the objectives of the other party,” Indiana Labor Conciliator Max Schafer told over 180 industrial personnel workers in his speech during a luncheon served in the Union ballroom, Schafer took the place of Thomas R. Hutson, Indiana Commissioner of Labor, who was unable to make the talk as scheduled for yesterday.
Schafer is one of seven men employed by the state to attempt impartial, quick settlements of labor disputes in the state. Describing his work, Schafer said, “One of the greatest requirements of a conciliator is that he must be intellectually capable of defending the best interests of the social order against the assaults of extremes in feeling from both the fascist-minded employer and the communist-tainted worker.” Southall Speaks In yesterday afternoon’s session Sara Southall, of the International Harvester Co., speaking on “Some New and Neglected Principles in Personnel” pointed out, “Men in personnel work must renew efforts to prevent dollar facts from denying human benefits to the employee in times of business repression.” Later in the afternoon Stewart Warner’s comptroller, E. H. Farrel made a statement on the apparent plight of the aged worker as follows: “The old-timer, generally considered a liability, is often the most skillful, and will excell on the special job which is very difficult and requires much skill and experience.” Other Speakers Other speakers yesterday were A. O. Brockbridge, ^personnel director of the Sunbeam Electric Company at Evansville; Dean Byossman. New York City, of the JohnsManville Company. The Institute will end Saturday after a luncheon in the ballroom. Full programs for today and Saturday morning have been planned, however. First Group Of Plays Postponed July 6 has been set as the date for the first three one act plays to be presented in the Stadium, instead of June 30, as previously scheduled. H. Kenn Carmichael, dramatics director, suggested at a meeting of the recreational committee at its Tuesday luncheon meeting that the date be changed. George Ade’s play, -Mayor and the Manicure,” will be the highlight of the evening’s program. The other two plays are “The Dear Departed” and “The First Dress Suit.” Committees in charge of production for the plays are already at work, and the casts have started meeting for their rehearsals.
Newcomers Find Knox Soil Slightly Damp
Editor’s Note: Milt Reeves (Battery “B,” Fort Knox, Kentucky) sends news of Knox and the Purdue ROTC students in this letter which he wrote for publication. Other similar letters will be printed in following issues of the Exponent. By M. C. Reeves Exponent Staff Correspondent I’ve only been in camp a very short 24 hours, but I feel as much a soldier as any of the regulars of the 10th infantry. I arrived at camp headquarters yesterday afternoon and was greeted by a light rain, that is one which dampened the ground just enough so that when I trod with an extra heavy step, I would find some of this good old Kentucky soil oozing up around the top of my white shoes. After sloshing around in the mud for three hours, I found myself outfitted from tip to toe in a newly laundered khaki uniform, black tie, and a pair of extremejy serviceable boots.
Half of the ROTC group was assigned to Battery “B,” and the other half went to Battery “A.” To be more exact there are 90 boys in “A” and 89 in “B.” Purdue has the greatest representation at camp, with 173 students, Ohio State runs close second with 142, and Culver Military Academy has four artillerymen, camping with the Purdue bunch. Col. McNcal Heads Camp Major Warren is in command of Battery “B,” with Captain Beckley, Captain Thompson, and Captain Porter as his assistants. Captain Hayford, Captain Graves and Captain Holmes help Major Falconer in commanding Battery “A.” Unfortunately a Purdue man 4id not fill the position of camp commander that Colonel Blakely vacated. Instead, an Ohio State man, Colonel McNeal, is the top officer here at Knox this summer.
The meals so far have been very disappointing; .1 expected beans, potatoes, and bacon three times a day but instead I have been fed the same food I have been used to getting at home, with the one exception that the food comes in much larger quantities here. Sick On Lemonade Last night one of my tentmates, Eraest DeWitt, drank so much lemonade that he became a bit ill, and this morning he had the honor of being the first to go on the camp sick list. The bugle is just sounding retreat; so I had better run. Sincerely yours. Milt P. S. Forgive me for not getting this letter out sooner, but, believe it or not, I had to play sick for a while to find time to write.
Odegard To Deliver War Forum Talk Dr. Porter To Direct Discussion In Union “Is War Inevitable?” wlil be the subject of Dr. Peter Odegard, Ohio State University department of political science, at the second forum of the Summer Session. The forum is scheduled for 2:30 o’clock Monday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. Dr. Odegard is a speaker on the Des Moines, la., and Minneaoplis, Minn., forums which are sponsored and financed by the United States office of education. Porter Directs These programs are conducted under the guidance of a trained forum-discussion leader. Dr. Kirk Porter, of the University of Iowa, and participation in the discussion of subjects by students and faculty is solicited and encouraged. A discussion panel will be designated, and both faculty members and students will be given an opportunity to participate in them. Following these prepared panel discussions an opportunity ' will be given for discussion from the floor, 45 Tryout For WBAA Summer Broadcasts Forty-five people made their appearance at the studios of WBAA Monday afternoon, to go through their paces in the stiff audition readings required by Gibbs Williams, program director. Bill Carr took charge of the neophytes while Williams and Floris Arnott, studio secretary, listened to the speakers from another room. Each person was required to read an opening announcement in the “terror” manner, a dance orchestra announcement, and one for a string quintet. The auditions took neaidy two hours and because of the unusually large number reporting, Williams was unable to make any decision right away. He announced he would make appointmnts within a week, and that everyone chosen for a place of any kind on the summer staff of the station would be notified. Wedding Bells Ring For Copeland-Snyder Wedding bells rang Tuesday afternoon when Miss Ada Ruth Copeland and Dr. Frederick H. Snyder were united in mandage at the home of the bride’s parents in Logansport. Dr. Snyder is a former instructor of bio-chemistry at Purdue, while the bride received her degree in home economics here last June. The couple will make their home in Chicago where Dr. Snyder is an instructor at Loyola University, doing research in bio-chemistry.
Publication Dates The Exponent will be published on the following dates during the Summer Session: June 28; July I, 7, 14, 21 and 28; and August 4 and 11.p i i
EDITORIAL
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
HUMOR
Friday, June 24, 1938
When Personnel Men . . . . . . get together they’re sure to begin comparing notes and exchanging ideas. Since personnel departments are fairly new additions to the payrolls of most industrial concerns, a good percentage of personnel workers are new to the game. About 180 of these workers, some experienced and knowing, others young and just starting, are in the midst of Purdue’s Industrial Personnel Institute, a gathering whose purpose is to bring these personnel workers together to “swap notes,” and discuss current problems. Those newcomers will benefit most; ^Id hands at the game will get a f ew new ideas to repay them for their trouble. Some of the ideas presented during the sessions of the Institute rather surprised us. For instance, one man told of a “morale questionnaire” survey he had made among the 100,000 employees of a large department store. Of the ten things which these employees were most interested in, the point chosen as first in importance was the assurance of good work recognition by the bosses. The size of the pay envelope was tenth, a fact probably only a few employees would ordinarily suspect. One experienced personnel director gave a rule for success that impressed us as being a good formula for use in his work. He advised his associates to be the workers’ representative ... to argue from their point of view in conferences with the company managers. A Bit Of Excitement ... . . . crept into our humdrum routine of putting out the paper last night. In response to a frantic phone call all the typesetters and printers . . . who also happen to be the staff of the Oxford Fire Department . . . dashed madly to the garage and their unique homemade fire truck, then left at a seventy mile
PURDUE EXPONENT
*^rc9ss
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Summer mail subscription $0.50. , 1 ■ . .
Editor-In-Chief
Bnsiness Manager
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Assistant Editor ' , R. P. Manion Associate Editors ; R. J. Deckard, Helen Walters
Georgann Schilling
Editorial Assistant W. R. Smith
BUSINESS STAFF
Circulation Manager ^ Accounts Manager
SPORTS STAFF
Sports EditorAssociate Editor
W. F. Berg _W. E. Smith
_D. A. Bailey R. Jenkins
UNION OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. . Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide vvith the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. BEPRESENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY liati®iialM¥ertisliiiigSer¥i€0,inc. College Publishers Refiresentalive <420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
an hour clip to extinguish a barn blaze five miles from town. After about a half hour of good clean fun, during which the barn burned merrily to the ground (because the call came too late) we got back to the shop and the business of putting out this morning’s Exponent.
NEWS
Since (Continued from page 1) ord. Noty he languishes in a hospital with two broken vertebrae and prospects of three weeks’ enforced rest. Tuesday, Longest Day ... . . . of 1938 was in truth the first day of summer, for it ushered in a widespread hot spell that has sent local and statewide mercuries to the high eighties. Indicted As German Spies . . . . . 18 accused of conspiring to obtain plans and codes dealing with U. S. aerial, naval, and coastal armaments face trial before the New York federal grand jury. Although the German foreign office in Berlin ridicules the charges, government officials indicate the investigation which
caused these indictments is far from finished. '' Meanwhile Ace G-Man Leon G. Turrou, who cracked the case after working 16 hours a day for three months, resigned “because his health suffered.” FOREIGN Sky Raiders ... . . . continued to bomb non-com-batant warships this week as the Spanish civil war neared the end of its second year. Three British ships were hit and sunk off the Spanish coast Tuesday by an unknown plane. One Chinese British subject was killed. This attack was the 54th made on British ships during the war. The Rebels reported they had repulsed Loyalists on the Valbona front. Loyalists report repulsing the Rebels on the same territory. Insurgent forces continue their drive on Valencia, capturing government fortifications. Flood Waters ... . . . of the Yellow River continue
to rise as the result of heavy rains. Japanese engineers say that Hankow, Chinese provisional capital, is in danger of inundation if the rains continue. Chinese troops sank four Japanese warships sailing up the Yangtze toward Hankow. A statement by Chinese officials indicate that eight Chinese planes outfought 12 Japanese planes in the attack.. Dr. J. C. Thompson, of New Brunswick, N. J., was slapped by a Japanese guard Tuesday in Nanking. A protest was lodged with Japanese o||icials in Nanking. Canadian Mounties ... . . . battled 1,000 jobless demonstrators in downtown Vancouver Monday. Fifty were injured. City officials estimated a $200,000 damage done to Vancouver buildings. The demonstrators, all bachelors, demanded relief and moved into the post office when refused. There they sat until removed by the police.
LAST DAY
“SWISS MISS”' 5 DAYS STARTING SATURDAY HERE’S A VERY GOOD REASON WHY YOU SHOULD SEE...
GLORIA DICKSON • MELVILLE COOPER 'MABEL TODD • FRITZ FELD
7 9
Math Prof: “Now watch the blackboard while I run through it again.” READY FOR THE CLEANING Classified Ad: Any tall, dark and handsome men unoccupied at the present and desirous of doing good, call 46101. We are cleaning the yard of our new house, and are much in need of masculine aid.— Pedalion sorority. Mary Beko has become the proud possessor of a Sigma Chi pin since school started last week. We’re in favor of more such happenings. Famous Last Line: Make your design for living a circle—so you’ll get around!
LUHA TODAY — SAT. Madge Evans JOHN BOLES in ' “SINNERS IN " PARADISE” — and — FRANK McHUGH ANN SHERIDAN in “LITTLE MISS THOROUGHBRED”
STARTING SUNDAY YOONG ABICA’S AM OF JERHOA!
• GABRIEL DEU • HUNTZ HAU* BERNARD PUNStEV birectodi by LEWIS SEILER « Screen Play by CnuM
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
BEWARE ...
. . . lads and lasses, beware! For somewhere in our midst there dwells a dangerous, designing individual. He is the person who several weeks age spread around the rumor that summer school is fun. And if he’s caught—-well, need we say more? TRUE ROMANCE ... , . . . is in our midst this summer. Newlyweds Marthy Wisehart and bride (formerly Alpha Chi Kay Rhynearson) are both seeking higher education this summer. Anyway they’re enrolled.
ALL’S FARE
Sig: Sho you lost your carefare and want me to lend you some to
get home on?
WRHer: Y-y-y-es, sir. Sig: Shay, I’ll tell you what I’ll do. Give me a kish and I’ll buy you a ticket home. WRHer: Oh, I’m too bashful and shy to do that, sir. Sig: Tish, tish, li’l girl! Faint heart ne’er won fare, lady. FOR ONCE ... ... that sleepy, di'eamy look on Bob Verner’s face is explainable. He is trying to find ways and means to transport himself to Enox, Ind. We w^onder why?
THE IDEA . . .
. . . for a Summer Session Prom seems to have caught the fancy of many an enrolled student (all ten of them we’ve seen this summer). We are hoping to hear a favorable report from that conscientious re-
creation committee.
Those “Games on the Green” certainly sound interesting! Are they to be group affairs or -
^.opr. 'United ^eftlutc Syndicate, in^ — - n*
“-—and what were your impressions of police conditions abroad, Slug?”
Looking Back ^—PURDUE OF THE PAST^ June 24, 1937 Sixty-nine per cent of this month’s University graduates have obtained jobs to date, according to tentative figures given out today by Dr. J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel. About 82 per cent of the 322 students who obtained degrees in engineering are employed at this time. ■ * :1s * * More than 150 industralists, business men, teachers, and government officials are expected to attend the University’s first Industrial Personnel Institute, which begins here June 28 and continues through July 1. Hs H: * * Following this evening’s rest, the Institute on Policy and Technology will be resumed today with morning, afternoon, and evening sessions.
June 23, 1936 Two plays, “Backstage” and “Thank You, Doctor,” are presented before an enthusiastic crowd of 1,500 persons in Ross-Ade Stadium.
ARC
TODAY & SATURDAY
and —
SUNDAY & MONDAY
— and — ROMANCE FOR RENT!
'Gold Diggers In Paris * Will Open At Mars
Rosemary Lane and Rudy Vallee, pictured above, head the cast of “Gold Diggers in Paris,” the sixth movie in the famous musical comedy series, which opens at the Mars Theatre tomorow. COMFORTABLY COOL NEW l¥IA1N TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
BONGAlOIVi A > wHh■ . f 1|. NAN GREY* KENT TAYLOR | ; A NEW universal PICTURE |
PLUS whan; M lovtJy Lvpe $lngi and Mwiagsl 55^:v.v
I4r«VtiEillR <^W00UEY m
MARJORIE LORD .. MARGARET DUMONT JACK CARSON MIDNIGHT SHOW SATURDAY, 11:30 ARSON RACKET SQUADFriday, June 24, 1938
SPORTS
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
SPORTS
Ross Campers Divide Into Eight Softball Teams For Game Series By Anders Hustvedt ' Exponent Correspondent ^ I I k. il Ross Camp “civils” divided into a p t wCnOOl softball league of eight teams re- ^ cently and began playing their A J J • schedule. Each Tuesday and Thurs- /aQQ Vt ISSCIIIi^ day two gahies are played, with «... . j, T, j! r. c( • K a sufficient number of persons Professor G. P. Springer acting as • ^ a. i • „ „ 1 are interested, a theory course in CO e eeper. coaching college and high school A camp hardball team will be wrestling will be offered this sumformed soon to play a series of mer. Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, direcgames with several county teams tor of physical education at the and the University Summer School University, announced yesterday, team. Hours can' be arranged for the The scores of the softball games convenience of everyone. Dr. Eastplayed to date are as follows: wood said. June 14 ' Individuals wanting to attend . . ■ such a course are asked to get in Jo n s Jumpin Junipers 18, touch with Dr. Eastwood at room Kemmer’s Krumblin' Kubs 13. no. Men's Gymnasium. Coach Neligh s Nippin Nibblers 13, Reeck will supervise the instrucSpringer’s Snappy Sluggers 3. June 16 Binn’s Bustin’ Busters 13, WBAA Interviewees Hill’s Hotsy Hitters 10. ’r ^ Si I C Todd's Terrible Tuffs 20, To (jet lied boX FaSSeS Lommel’s Larrupin’ Lulus 3. . „ , . Local baseball enthusiasts will League Standings have an opportunity to voice their jjj*” ^0^* 1^00 opinions over the air and at the } ^ same time gain free admission to a sisSsS 1 0 1.000 TTT 1 0 1.000 Lafayette Red Sox baseball game KKK 0 1 .000 ./-111.- Ti 1 • sss 0 1 .000 at Columbian Park in a coming lll' 0 i ’ooo series of interviews conducted by station WBAA each ^ Wednesday. Dick Shively, WBAA announcer. Fall Is Ahead In Union will interview passers-by picked at random from the crowd passing Billiards Tournament mike on Main street between Third and Fourth from 1215 to William Fall is on top in the 12:30. Union pockets billiards tourna- Each person interviewed ivill be ment, with two wins and no de- awarded a free pass to the next feats. Five men have won one and gg^ home game. Shively also lost none: Miller, Brown, Mueller, conducts an athletics review at Bradley, and Swope. 12:15 on Monday and Saturday Taylor, Lewis, Zachary, and Bos- for the benefit of sports fans. CO each have one victory in the straight rail billiards and no de- Oberlin College celebrated peace feats. Entries are not yet closed, day by staging a giant demonstraDirector F. E. Whitney said yester- tion on its campus of just what war day is like.
Indeed it is smart to have your guests stay at the UNION CLUB. Threy can not help but be delighted with its convenience, the comfortable rooms, and the complete service. Yes, it is smart for Her. But, the UNION CLUB is equally as Smart for you — so close to campus activities, so handy to all conveniences, so nice to know that you are giving her something better.
^Lc
Purdue Memorial Uniou
Corner of the Canpus 9 Yet the Center of Campus Activities
f
ielder’s./.. ...♦clhoice _By Don Bailey i— ■
“From Challenger to Chump in Two Minutes” or “How Max Schmehng Tangles with Dynamite and Loses.” That’s our story of the Louis-Schmeling fight in 16 words. “That blow to the kidney paralyzed me,” the German told the radio audience Wednesday following the quickest exit any heavy-weight challenger ever made from the ring. Max failed to use any of his former ring experience when twice he refused to stay on the canvas for the count of nine. Referee Art Donovan awarded the bout to Louis on a technical knockout when Schmeling went down for the third time in the first round. Today Max is in a New York hospital with two fractured vertebrae. His condition is not serious. ,, —FC— “Everybody expects us to win, but I don’t believe we have a chance.” This is what Bob Lemen told us when we questioned him about the Big Ten-Pacific Coast track meet to be held tomorrow at Northwestern University. Lemen says he will “be lucky” to place in his specialty—220 yard low hurdles. Vickering and Anderson of Southern California and Johnson, former Olympic 100 yard champion, are the favorites. Art Bodeau, of Purdue, will also run in the meet. The Pacific Coast team won last year, 92-44. Fred Farmer, of Texas Tech, is one of the gamest athletes in America. Fred’s a cripple, but he has run the hurdles in the last three national collegiate track meets. His left arm is amputated near the elbow. In order to assume the conventional starling position Farmer uses a wooden support equipped in one end with three iron spikes and on the other end with a rubber base, which he places next to the stub of his arm. —FC— Is there another side to the state ment that another all-New York world series would harm baseball? Dust off the record books and you will discover that better attendance, stronger teams, and closer races follow every “subway” classic.
Odd sports jackets and slacks are just the thing for informal campus wear. And remember to keep them cleaned and pressed. To be assured of the best in dry cleaning, call 4081.
Phone 408 L Northwestern at Vine
Dr. Van Riper Will Tell 'What A Teacher Should Kno w About Stuttering* Today at 1 o’clock in room 102 of University Hall, Dr. Charles Van Riper, of Western Teachers’ College, Kalamazoo, Michigan will lecture on “What a Teacher Should Know About Stuttering.” His address is a part of the lecture course being given at the University during the first three weeks of the Summer Session in connection with the course on Speech Correction Practice. All meetings of this kind are open to Summer Session students, faculty wives and the like. Dr. Van Riper is director of the speech clinic at Western Teachers’ College, and this summer is head of the clinic at Minneapolis. He is the inventor of the angle-board which measures lefthandedness, a condition connected by a nerve impulse with stuttering. He will also speak tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock in the same room on “The Treatment of Stuttering.”
Leisure Time Course Takes Students To Vacation Spots Under the guidance of Elmer Burnham, of the University physical education staff, members of the intensive summer course on Organization and Administration of Leisure Time Activities are taking motor'trips to leading outdoor recreation spots as part of the work of the course.
WBAA "Voice Of Purdue”.
—Today— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11 -60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Sports Eeview—Dick Shively. 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 45—Market Reports. 1 00—Joe and Bud Snodgrass—guitars. 1-15—Melody Moments. 1.30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Songs and Melodies. 2 00—Typing School of the Air. 2 30—The Home Builders Program. 3 :00—Symphony Hall. 4 00—The Magic Carpet 4 ;1B— 4-15—Piano Rhythms—Dorothy Dunlap. 4 30—Exponent of the Air. 4 :45— Story Book Hour. —Saturday— 11-00—Just Kids. 11 30—Carolyn Woods—Soprano. 11:45—Melody Moments. 12 .00—Market Reports. 12 :15—Sports Review. 12 :30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12 -45—Time Time—Charles Powell. 1- 00—Radio Stage. 1 30—Concert Review. 2 -00—Afternoon Musicale. 2- 30—Stamp Club of the Air. 2 :45—The Three Shieks. 3 .00—Music Time. 3 :30—Main Street Quizzer.
Lost. K. & E. Log Log Decitrig Sliderule. Name, R. P. Hooker, on case and rule. Call 3301. Reward.
Last week the class traveled to Camp Winamac; Tuesday they went to Crawfordsville, and some continued to Turkey Run; and yesterday the group went to South Bend. They plan to motor to Muncie next week. Brown Speaks Every week-day since June 14 prominent recreational directors have addressed the class on specific phases of the subject. Today V. K. Brown, director of reci’eation, Chicago South Park District, will speak on “The Cultural Aspects of Leisure Time Activities,” at 7 a. m. Following a discussion of this talk C. 0. Brown, executive vice president. Athletic Institute, Inc., Chicago, will take up “The Pedagogy of Teaching Physical Leisure Time Activities.” At 10 o’clock a motion picture on “Youth in Camps” will be shown. Tomorrow’s Program The schedule of speakers and their subjects for tomorrow and Monday follows: Tomorrow: 7:00-8:30—James R. Newsom, city recreation director, Evansville, Indiana—“The Organization and Administration of Special Events in ‘ Recreation.” 8:30-10; Thomas Richman, Jr., state director of recreation. Works Progress Administration, Chicago —“State Program Planning in Recreation.” Monday: 7:00-8:30—F. L. Reynolds, assistant in Boys’ and Girls’ Clubs, University Department of agricultural extension,—“The Place of the 4-H Camps in Rural Recreation.” 8:30-10: Kenn Carmichael, of the University speech department, and director of Lafayette Little Theatre Association—“What Dramatics Are Possible in a Recreational Program.”
Lost: L. L. Decitrig Duplex Slide Rule. Reward. Return to G. W. Brewer. Phone 2352.
Jake Fredrickson earns his way through the University of Minnesota by catching rats in university buildings.
Ross Camp Ball Club To Meet Summer Nine Ross Camp’s hardball team will invade the Summer Session lair tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock in the first tilt of the summer series. L. H. Kemmer, who is in charge of the camp squad, indicated that his men were ready to play, and were especially anxious to start things off. This game tomorrow will be played on the freshman diamond at the north end of Intramural Field. After starting practice Monday, the summer school nine worked out Thursday and yesterday, and aims to round out the organization drills with one more practice session before the game. H. D. Pogue will act as captain. He helped out last year on the team which took the summer series from the campers. Tomorrow’s game is the first of a five game series. Three of the games will be held at Ross Camp and one more on Intramural Field, according to present plans.
League Standings American Association Does not include last night’s games. Won Lost Pet. Indianapolis 36 32 621 St. Paul 34 22 .607 Kansas City 34 23 .596 Minneapolis 32 26 .552 Milwaukee 28 28 .500 Toledo 27 34 .443 Columbus 20 36 .357 Louisville 19 39 .328 American League Won Lost Pet. Cleveland 36 21 .632 New York 32 24 .571 Boston 33 25 .569 Detroit 31 29 .517 Washington 32 30 .516 Philadelphia 26 30 .464 Chicago 20 33 .377 St. Louis 18 36 .333 National League Won Lost Pet. New York 35 23 .604 Cincinnati 32 23 .582 Chicago 34 25 .583 Pittsburgh 30 24 .556 Boston 27 26 .509 St. Louis 25 30 .455 Brooklyn 24 34 .414 Philadelphia 14 36 .280
Big Savings ON Spring Suits Stkits that can be worn in Spring or Summer — even through Fall. Just the Ncket for campus wear. Just Note These Piices
$25.00
Suits
$16.75
$30.00
Suits
$21.25
$35.00
Suits
$27.50
The quality is the same high quality, standard brand, Gullion^s have always handled.
INC.i
THE PURDUE SUMMER EXPONENT
Friday, June 24,1938
Work, Play Progr^sss Rapidly At Ross Camp
By L. W. Smith and F. W. Miller Exponent Correspondents Purdue’s 1938 Civil Engineering camp opened in fine shape Sunday, June 12, ^\lth 88 “civils” arriving fioin all parts of the world. Professoi Lominel, with a staff of five University faculty men, is in charge. Wdik has progressed rapidly since the opening day. The first tvo days vere spent adjusting the lu'^truments assigned to the students for the duration of the course. After this assignment was completed, the students were divided into t\\o groups—the Topographical Surveying division (“Topo”), vith Professor Todd in charge, and the “Location” section, with Professoi Spiinger at the head. The Topo gioup learned the fun-
damentals of thei\work, while the Location division i^s taken on a reconnaissance tour of the ground over which highway “lines” are to be run. At present both groups are busily engaged in computation of data secured from their field work. First bell rings at 6:30 a. m. (daylight saving time) and breakfast IS seived at 7. A few mornings without breakfast soon brought the lazy ones out of bed before 7. Roll call IS at 7.45, while working hours run from 8 to 11:45 a. m. and 1 to 4:30 p. m. Dinner is served at noon and supper at 5:30 p. m. Activity at Ross Camp is not all work, however. Recreation is sti'essed, with facilities for softball, hardball, swimming, table tennis, and billiards available. For soft-
ball the camp was divided into eight teams to make a league. League leaders at present are Todd’s Terrible Tuffs, with two wins and no losses. Ross Camp Field Notes Bob Paddock and W. D. Schillinger are still the recipients of sly remarks about the haircuts they got at Otte?bi©in. They asked to have their croAvning glory cut shoit and the barber complied by shearing them till they liioked like soldiers in the German/army.
It will take Bernard Firestone (our Brooklyn woodsman) weeks to live down the reputation he has as a tree cutter and stake driver. It is rumored that until arriving at camp he had never seen an axe.
Tennis Racket Restringing by Awless Tension Tightener $3.00 and up Johnson's Best Quality Gut Used Hollywood Sportsmaster Rackets $6.50 C. W. Mann Dial 76229
E. P. Czark, R. 0. Fisher, A. W. Kettler, W. Largent, D. N. Nau, and C. R. Starbuck, who make up party 1, have failed to live up to their motto, “every night a party night” since the “Law of Mass Action” went into effect. The “Mass” (about 26 exasperated civils) went into action last week and laid down the law with regards to too much noise at night.
Co-eJs, Faculty Wives May Take Swimming, Archery, Golf, Tennis Beginning classes in golf, swimming, tennis, and archery are open this summer to women students, faculty, faculty wives and clerical staff, it was announced yesterday by Professor Helen Hazelton, head of the school of physical education for women. There is no cost to students who have paid the recreation fee unless a locker is desired, in which case a $1 deposit is required. Women who have not paid a recreation fee may pay $2, entitling them to instruction, locker, and towel service. Townspeople may also j’oin the classes by applying at the main office. Memorial Gymnasium, for a visitor’s card and paying the fee of $5 at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Although the six weeks’ period of instruction began June 16, the classes are still open and persons may still enter.
Thirsty After A Morning of Summer Classes? That’s why so many students are drinking Coca-Cola. Stop for the pause that refreshes at any of the familiar red coolers. Then notice how full of pep and ready for work or play you are.
Coca Cola Bottling Co.
509-11 SALEM STREET
PHONE 4828
The budget for Columbia University for the fiscal year beginning July 1 will be $14,806,021.
Safely, Driver Training Courses Thirty-eight persons, principally teachers in public schools of Indiana, are enrolled in courses in safety education and driver training offered by the University during the current Summer Session for the first time.
I
With 18 students enrolled in the two weeks’ intensive unit course and 20 persons in the regular six weeks’ period of instruction, four fields of safety are being studied and instructional material for safety education is being organized by both groups. Purpose of the two courses is to assist teachers to meet requirements necessary to carry on safety education in Indiana schools as required by recent act of the state legislature. Swope In Charge The course is under the direction of Prof. Anon Swope, of the Division of education and applied psychology. Study of safety in occupation is being taught by Professors Swope, J. H. Bowman, and I. G. Morrison. Safety methods and practices in the home are under the direction of Prof. Mary L. Mathews, dean of the home ^economics school, and the teaching of safety in recrea-
tion is being administered by Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, of the department of physical education for men and Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, of the department of physical education for women. Use “DriWng Range” Safety education as found in traffic and driving is supervised by Joe L. Lingo, of the University public safety institute, and Dr. F. R. Noffsinger, of the American Automobile Association. Training in teaching methods and practices for beginning drivers is offered in this portion of the course, with actual applications being made on a “driving range” located on Meridian Street in West Lafayette. Practice in starting and stopping, parking parallel with the curb and at a diagonal to the curb, and the handling of an automobile under regular driving conditions are taught by means of a car fitted with dual controls. Experience is afforded persons enrolled in the two courses in teaching people to drive through the cooperation of pupils in the Lafayette and West Lafayette high schools who desire to learn to drive.
Arnaud C. Marts, head of a firm that acts as financial counselor for philanthropic institutions, is the new president of Bucknell University.
i (
IN THE GOOD OLD SUMMER TIME You can be comfortable and look prim if you depend on Crown to look after your summer clothes. Special equipment for pressing and finishing summer suits.
mmi
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of Hill, On the Corner
CHAMPS
« ON THE CAMPUS • ON THE GREEN Here are the clothes that will not only help your game, but will assure you more comfort in the warm classroom. Everything you could possibly want in shirts or slacks, at Dewenter’s. Belts 50c' $1.00 Wash Slacks $1.95 - $2.50 Palm Beach Slacks $5.50 Sport Shirts $1i00 $1i50 DEWENTER’S 416 Main St.
Fraternilies When you start your remodeling work this summer, remember — we carry a full line of PTTTSBURITH PAINTS, and a complete new stock of Wall Papers. We will give you prompt and efficient service on replacement of your broken window glass and mirrors. HUNECK’S GLASS & PAINT CO-
826 Main
Phone 3891
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
* Bookstores
“DEAC’’ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Dine
Have Your BEST MEAL at the NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia
* Professional
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine, W. Lafayette Phone 4965
^ Locksmith
“C " CARTER BICYCLE RENTALS Open Evenings Ph. 2291 State-Main, W. L. • Jeweler LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Wallace Block 322 Ferry St, Opposite Post Office
Geisler’s have both — whether it be the lake, a formal dance, or class wear, Ceisler’s can outfit the College Man — Outfit him in better fashioned clothes.
soOMAiasT
CLOTHES SHOP INC,