i>'
, / y V. t-'''efi* f " V -’„ />
'' ^..-^'t 1,
??*rf It
'i^l- \'
iOjwi't |^org«t The Relief Fund Campaign'Box In I, Front Of The Sweet Shop
Sporft Fage Previ^ Iowa BasketbaH Garm Tomorrow N^gHt
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
yilHiWeSS, No. Ill
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, February 6, 1942
6r. A. B. Coe Will Speak Convocation Sunday
B
CH.
WISIUKTOH MERRy-QO-
" Dr. Albert Buckner Coe, pastor of the First Congregational Church,of,Oak Park, HI., will be principal speaker at the third religious convocation of the ye(ar Sunday morning at 10:30 in thje Mui^ic Hall. Author and writer for religious publications, til*. Coe has spoken at many colleges and universities. This is
his secoiijd appearance/,t a religious convocation b^re. Dr. Coe’s topic X/ill be “We Can Become Wmt We Will.” The subjects of^'^he convocation and thW title of 'ufie of his bool?s, “Born For Victory,” are said to be Indicative of the minister’s philos-
ophy.
In addition to his lecturing activities, the pastor is chairn\an of the executive committee of the general coupcil of the Congregational and Christian churches and'also a member of the Federal Council commission studying the “Bases of a Just and Durable Peace.” University Will Offer Special Day Classes For Defense Training Day classes in engineering mathematics and mechanical drawing will be added to the University’s defense training program for the benefit of persons working on night shifts, housewives, unemployed men and recent high school graduates. Classes will meet two days a week from 7:30 to 11:30 a.m. for a period of 12 weeks. Courses are expected to begin in about two weeks, depending upon how rapidly applications are received. Applications will be accepted at the defense training office, .second floor. Service and Stores Building, phone 7311. These courses are offered tuition free under authority of the United States Office of Education. Emergency Training Programs The courses are offeied in response to the need for large number.s of draftsmen in war pi eduction, mapping and other defense activities. Engineering drawing gives fundamental training for those with no previous training or experience. Engineering mathematics is a basic couise which provides a foundation foi more advanced training in engineerihg. This course includes a review of high school mathematics and the application of algebra and geometiy to engineering problems. Presbyterian Church ' ... of West Lafayette will hold its Mid-Winter party tonight at 7:30. Folk dancing and games will be featured.
Coed Hours New war-time coed hours will not go into effect until Friday, Feb. 13, officials in charge announced yesterday. Hours are 1 o’clock tonight and tomorrow, with 11 o’clock hours Sunday and the rest of the week.
Albjerg Speaks In Second Student War Council Program Today At 4
Paul Robeson To Give Concert I In Music Hall Saturday, Feb. 14
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Dies Commif-tee Report Discloses Systematized Jap Pre-War Espionage WASHINGTON, Feb. B.—-Sensa-tiohal evidence about Japanese subversive activity in the United States is due soon in a report by the Dies committee. The repoit will disclose how a systematized fifth column, directed by Japanese consuls, engaged in widespread espionage and Axis propaganda for several years prior to the war. The “front” for the fifth col- ’ umn was the Central Japanese Association, with headquarters in Los Angeles, which numbered ^an^ jra'panese-American busi.Jl«l^^^en.m its membership. Several of them are still at large, the committee will reveal, presnmably slill active. Dies investigatois seized some highly interesting documents in the Association’s files, including a leport to Tokyo on the amount of rrioney raised in the United States to buy warplanes for the Jap army and naVy —■ planes latei used to bomb Pearl Harbor and the Philip-
pines.
Another amazing discovery was a cablegram sent by the Association to t}ie War and Navy Ministries in 'Tokyo early last jear. It
read:
“We resident countrymen from afar express our wholehearted gratitude to the officers and men of the Imperial army fighting throughout China for the establishment of everlasting peace rn East Asia and we pledge ourselves hereafter to exert more and more ef(Continued on page 2)
Faculty Revert To College Days; Pedal To Class "For Exercise"
By Dale Butz Several instructors on the camppp have taken up bicycle riding in orkler to aave rubber and do their patt for nritional defense. In times past it has been no uncommon sight to see students traveling to and from class on then trusty wheels, but now ft is commonplace foi an instructor lo emeige from a build-, ing, mount his bicycle and pedal leisurely down the street. One of the first to travel lo and from class on a two-wheeled velocipede was Prof. E. R| Martell, head of the forestry depaitn^ont. Martell is enthusiastic over the exercise he gets in pedaling six miles a day, but he admits that some of the West Lafayette hills aie pietty steep. 1‘ifer Likes To Pedal Prof. R. W. Pifer of the animal husbandry department is another who has recently joined the ranks of the cyclists. He rides ten miles a day when the weather is nice and likes it too. Pifer says that his bicycle serves a double purpose since he can get to and from class and his wife can use the car at the same time. This does away with the necessity of his having two cars. Dr, G. D. Scai’seth of the Agricultural Experiment Station also 'travels by bicycle as do numerous other instructors on the campus. When questioned about the effects of bad weather on their now means of transportation, practically all of the instructors replied that a rainy day
was a welcome occurrence because it gave their leg muscles a well needed test. It’s Modern Design One instructor even went so far as to suggest that the University institute some research on bicycles in Older that the design might be perfected. Another professor said that it would be nice to have better shock absorbers, free-wheeling and some of the other modern devices devised for his machine. Although the muscles suffer a little punishment during the first few days, the instructors agree that they soon get over the bad effects and get their legs in shape. News of the bicycle i iding is spreading fast, particularly around the agricultural campus and several teachers have already announced their intentietp of buying a bicycle. University Club Will Hold Third Meeting Tuesday University Club will hold its third meeting of the year next Tuesday at 8:15 p.m, in the north ballroom of the Union. Entertainment will include a concert follpwed by an informal social hour. The committee is headed by Mrs. Siegle Anderson and Mrs. James L. Cattell assisted by Mrs. J. L. Bray, Mrs. L. W. LaBiee, Mrs. W.yv. Owen, Mrs. C. C. Reeck, Pi of. B. N. Prentice and Dr. F. D. Martin.
Concert Choir Will Assist Negro Artist Paul Robeson, singer, actor, AllAmerican football player and Phi Beta Kappa winner, will appear at a University convocation Satvrrday, February 14, in the Music Hall. The versatile negro singer has recently completed a new motion picture, “Tales of Manhattan,” and resumed his concert tour which will take him to many campuses all over the country. Concert Choir Featured part of the program will be Robc.son’s famous rendition of “Ballad for Americans” in Which he will be a.ssisted by the Univeisity Concert Chou. The ballad is a modern cantata for baiitone solo and chorus, divided into four dramatic episodes —thp Revolution, the growth of the Union, the Civil War, and the Machine Age. The song was made famous in its initial presentation when Robeson sang it over the radio in November, 1939, before a (Continued on page 4) Exponent Coed Staff Will Hold Freshman Callouts Wednesday All freshman coeds Intel ested in working on the editorial staff of the Exponent are invited to attend a call-out meeting next Wednesday afternoon, Feb. 11, at 4:30 in room 304 of the Union. Ruth Rose, senioi coed editor, will conduct the meeting and introduce the junioi associate coed editois. Scope of coed assignments, Exponent operational set-up, and news and featuie writing will be explained by the coed editois at the
meeting.
All freshman coeds must attend the news-wnting school which will be conducted over a two week period following 'the call-outs. Class sessions will be held jointly with the freshman editorial and sports staffs at 4 and 5 o’clock on from SIX to eight diffeient days. Freshman coed repoiters work two days a week until 6 o’clock in the cditoiial offices in the sub-base-ment of the Union. Their job consists of news, feature and headline
writing.
Freshmen coeds will also bo required to woik on special coed editions. On the night before coed editions the entile Exponent coed staff takes over all of the regular editorial jobs from editoi-in-chief down to copy boy and puts out the next morning’s papei. d.t.b.
Paul Robeson, baritone who will sing 'Ballad for Americans' ■with the University Concert Choir at a regular convocation
February 14.
Reporter Discovers Topology Interview Slightly Hore Than He Had Anticipated
By Stan Woir
Yesterday, we didn’t find out what topology was. That word caught our fancy when it was announced by the math department that Samuel Eilenberg, assistant professor of mathematics at the University of Michigan, would give a lecture this afternoon on “A Geometrical ' Problem with Topological So- C.W. Blackburn Will Speak Intriguing it was, and we de- In Union Sunday Evening cided to interview Eilenberg cleo W. Blackburn, diiector of and see what it was all about. Flannel House m Indianapolis, will He turned out to be a young speak Sunday at 8 p.m. in the facfellow, 28 yeais old, and not much ulty lounge of the Union. This talk
World History, Life Of Hitler Form Basis For Discussion Discussing the vengeance of Hitler in regard to the present world situation, Prof. V, L. Albjerg of the history, economics and government department, will speak today in the Music Hall at 4 p.m. This is the second lecture in a series sponsored by the Student War Council.
Professor Albjerg will give a summary of the steps leading to the emergency as they developed in Europe since 1870. He will stress Hitler’s background as the past life of this German fuehrer affects his actions in the war. Hitler’s propaganda campaigns and hik duplicity will also be discussed.
Teaches Modern History
Albjerg teaches a course entitled “History of Europe Since 1870,” and other classes in which he reads and analyzes articles concerning last minute events. He has also wiitten several books and nunaerous shorter papei s on European Back-
ground.
During the last war, Albjerg served as assistant navigation officer on an American transport ship which went to Europe and bade again three times; during these tups he gained much first-h^d knowledge about the coimtries “over there.” When World War II broke out. Professor Albjerg was not eligible for reenlistment. He is explaining the national and world situations thoroughly to students of the University in the hopes that
Marine Officer Will Interview Men For C6rps Second Lieutenant Harold Hayes,
Jr., of the Indianapolis Marine recruiting Center will be at the University Pebruaiy 13 and 14ito interview juniois and seniors interested in woiking for a commission in the
United States Marine corps. The Corps expects to enlist 3,000
seniors and 2,000 juniois from universities in all parts of the country. Present plans, depending on the national situation, are to allow those enlisting in the training program to finish school before being called to duty for three months training at
Quantico, Va.
About 75 per cent of the applicants successfully pass the entrance requirements and are commissioned reserve second lieutenants. Before going on active duty with the troops, an additional three mdnths’ training is necessary.
Those interested in applying for they can better serve their country, a Marine commission are to sign Council Schedules Future Speidcers up m the personnel office for inter- The War Council has scheduled views. seveiii staff members of the history. Books of information on the economics and government depm^ Marine Corps Reserve, outlining in- ment to present their views. Fuldrd formation for candidates for com- speakers include Prof. G. B. missions, are available at the pei’- phy, whose topic will be “fletttis*
sonnel office, w.g.h.
Eilenberg will speak today at 4 p.m. in room 218 of the Recitation Building. While his highly technical talk is primarily for members of the math staff and graduate .students, all who are interested may attend. the type of the oidinaiy college piofessoi, especially one of mathematics. Giaduatccl fiom the Univeisily of (Continued liom page 1)
is sponsored by the Univeisity Religious Council in obseivance of national Intel-Racial Sunday. IntelRacial Sunday is sponsored by the Fedeiated Council of Chuiches in order to promote better inter-racial
under.standing..
Blackburn has taught sociology at Knoxville College and Fiske Univeisity. In 1940 he received the Indianapolis Junioi Chamber of Commcicc distinguished seivice award foi his woik at Flanner House, a Negio social centei. j.i.
War Council Notice The Student War Council wishes to clarify a statement made in yesterday’s Exponent regarding the change in the regulations governing coed hours. The AWS was requested by the Student War Council to investigate the possibility of changing the former regulations andl, if possible, to shorten the hours in a manner deemed by the AWS to be most suitable. Although any specific changes made were done solely by the AWS, the Student Council stands on its recommendation that hours be shortened in some manner. It believes that the importance of conservation of human and material resources will be not only more important, but also more evident to the student body within the next few months or a year. The Purdue Student War Council
phere Relations”; Prof. J. W. Rob* inson, on “The Bill of Rights in War Times”; Prof. Robert Phillips, will speak on “Peace After tfia War”; and Prof. J. A. Estey, will give the last lecture on “PdatWar Economics.” c.f.h. '
I
Dr. Smith To Speak At Teachers'Institute Dr. T. B. Smith, political ecouOiQ* ist on the University of Ghiea|^ staff, will be one of the princilial speakers at the 12-county teachers’ institute to be held tomorrow in the Union Building. The session is spoi;isored by the division of education and applied psychology. Following the presentation of the opening address by Dr. P. B. Knight, head of the division, on “One Teacher to Another,” Dr. Willis A. Sotton, superintendent of schools at Atlanta, Ga., will speak to the gtoup on “The Faith of a Teacher.” The University choral orgntiisations under the direction of Albert P. Stewart will provide the niusic.
It's A Busy Day For Exponent Sophomores
By Ken Roquemorc As you unfold your Exponent every morning, you read stories which are the product of the worry, sweat and tears of the previous night’s sophomore Exponent editorial staff. Although the seniors write editorials, the sports staff daily fills their section of the paper keeping you informed of the progress of Boilermaker athletics, the business staff’s ads tell you the day’s bai gains in entertainment and merchandise and the junior editors assign the ^toiies and headlines and are generally responsible for each morning’s Exponent, the responsibility of wilting and leporting the majoi share of the material which fills your daily campus newspaper falls on the shouldeis of the hard-working and often unsung sophomoie edi-
torial staff.
At present, the sophomore staff is compiised of about 14 men and 8 coeds. Each sophomore is assigned to two working nights a week, the
men being “woikeis” on one night and “pi oof men” on the othei. The duty of a “woikei” is specifically to wiite and leport news and feature stones and to wiite headlines. Perfoimance of this duty may cany a sophomore far and wide ovei the campus in search of news. Howevei, the advantages of such a job aie nunieious. Power Of The Press Often the fact that the usually humble and unassuming leporter canies with him the power of the press obtains for him audience to impoitant campus meetings and confeienccs and fiec admission to campus shows, dances and pieviews of featuied campus affairs Numeious also aie the valuable contacts sometimes made by a lepoitei doing his job. The innei sanctums of many campus “big shots” are familiai giound to the lepoiter who daily repoits the activities of the BMOC’s with a flick of his pencil. The intracacies and awGsomeness of the Administiation Building and other University offices are nothing to the sophomore
woikei, who often exploies them in his daily woik. Ah! Home And Studies Unless he is coveiing an especially late stoiy, the woiker’s day is usually thiough about 9 or 10 in the evening At this time he is free to leave loi home and his studies ( ?) All that leinains foi him to do IS to hope that theie is loom in the papei toi his pet featuie or story which he look such gieat pains with and on which he woiked so long. Of the thiee oi foiii proof men assigned to each night, one each week assumes'the position of “issue odiloi.” The duties of the issue editor are quite diffeient fiom those of a “woikei.” The Busy Issue Editor Although the issue editor may have time to wiite one shoit story, the stones wiitten by the lest of the staff since then ai rival at the office at 4 o’clock soon begin to flood the copy desk and he must take his post behind that desk and assist the day and night editors in leading the copy and coireeling the giammai, stylo and ascertaining the
facts ol each stoiy. Fiom this time on, he is usually kept busy and can afford to take off only a few minutes for rest and food at dinner time and fluting with the coed workers. At other times he imitates the harassed junior editor, teaung his hair over bad copy, answers thg delisive call to the phone for the nonexistent “notice editoi” and tiys (often unsuccessfully) to escape the Clacking whip of the night editor. When the night’s work is almost done and theie are only a few straggling woikeis remaining writing last-minute headlines oi stories, the issue editor bieathes a sigh of lelief along with the junior editor and with a thumbs-in-suspenders, cigai-in-mouth, condescending attitude, trys his best (often not good enough) to help them finish up. Over Town Then it is time to mick up the last bits of copy and leave for the typesetteis with the night editor. Except for reading proof on type set after the pi oof men leave, his main job there is waiting until the pages
are made up and then taking % final “wet pi oof” of them for the night editor’s approval. After this, he may leave for home temembering that his work is not yet finished and that he must brinij) the ^night's editoi’s “dog” (list of stones and headlines) and all leftover copy to the Exponent office by the following afternoon. A Beat Man, Too Plus these duties of worker, i(}« sue editor and proof man, each tO|>homore has a definite “news-beat” tO cover. All the news from his partlcuhu beat passes through him and h© IS responsible for leporting ifc» ¥ may airange the days he will rt« ceive news with the persons to Ij© contacted on his beat. This is the job of a mernhet of the Exponent sophomore editorial staff. Though it is sometime© some and difficult, it always hiaS’itfi joys and advantages and, knows? The poor little sOphomo# may some day awake and ^ the Exponent that he has a©t\|a)%' attained his goal of becoming 6 ior editor. Now for that seniox^Purdue Exponent ! Friday, February 6,
.■■ ■. -
I^UI
I”'
■y
wttuld like you to know the Associated .WomeiS 3tadents are all out for national defense. 'They are saving electric power, heat Sd'liuman energy. They are doing their bit; t^ey are buckling down to the blood, and tears ahead with grim, unswerv-
|||g'|etenninati6n.
Tt Was with great humbleness and simple fftith that^he Exponent yesterday printed Me ^ibQrjr stating tha^ A^S had reduced coed SWs on Fifidaj^s and Saturdays in order to accomplish the above stated objectives.
pie who say things like that are only laying _ f ^ to'throw a monkey Wrench in out defenso ef^ jMlixGt TOlXlptf^0^ fort. ■ .
WBAA
Omjllere?
FRIDAY
Than tliere is that human energy, you Bob Fowler and his orchestra knowt But here, too, we fear that those who have been engaged to play for the would undo work born of virtue will never regular Saturday night Mixer in 9:65 News
say that when a girl reaches the age of 20 or the. Union tomorrow night from 9 tb 104Q The Curio Man thereabouts, she will do what she wants when 12. The band, composed of eleven WBAA^Presents^ she Wants and to hell with what the busy lit- ,nen and Sharon tynn, girl vocal- Theatfe of Song
fie blue-noSes say. And will these disrupters j^t, is considered one of the most io;5B NeWs '
laugh their seditious laugh'and mention the distinctive bands'in tSfie state. ' ii:00 “World History Since 1914”
fact that regimentation and rules for the sake Fowler, a graduate of the Cin- . . of rules invite violation just to satisfy a re- cinnati Conservatory of Music, was 11:50
! ^f course there ai'e cynics who will point gentment at having one’s private life inter- formerly a drummer in severar^^;^ ppt no doubt, that University-made eledtric- With’for no yalid' reason ? They might hame bands and ha^ an exceptional
Costs cefits a kilowatt-hour and about 10 girls can use one kiloWatt-hour in the hour s§yed, and further assuming that every girl g^'tb^er fittl'e bed ohe hbur earlieH then\ taking the 400 girls in the residence hall, the astronomical sum of 28 cents a night is saved for natibiial defense. And that cynic might further wonder if that 28 cents is going to be
hsed to buy defense stamps.
Then those nasty old cynics can be counted pn to state cryptically that the little girl would be burning some saloon owner’s electricity for that hour anyway ; thus, there, is not even 28 cents saved. But, of course, peo-
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 1) forts from behind the lines here in the United States.” • Bureaucratic Brass Price Controller Leon Henderson wgs given a new idea for a__“collection drive” the other day, which, if carried but, would affect thousahds of bureauci’ats. ' It was submitted by Representative Albert J. Engel of Michigan, who called on Henderson with congressmen from furniture manufacturing districts in order to discuss
priorities.
On his way into Henderson’s office, Engel picked up a brass nameplate from the desk of a reception Clerk. “I want to borrow this for a
preme Court Justice in Colorado ... A New York firm is trying to find a buyer for 10,500 cases of strawBerry jam which was made for the Army but rejected by Agriculture inspectors as having too much jam and not enough strawberries . . . L. Earle Davidson, liu.stling young publisher of the Greenville (Mich.) Daily News, has won praise from Treasury officials for his highly successful wiork in boosting defense bond sales. Chairman of the Defense Savings Committee of his area, Davidson addresse.s rallies every day and is chalking up a remarkable record. At one meeting defense bonds subscriptions totalled
.$26,000.
• New Cookie Pushers
everi mehtiop th^ classic case of plhhibitibn,
when puritans took up drinking because they the orchestra has a small didn’t like being told they couldn t dripk. swing combination with Fowler on Then there wilt be those who believe sin- the vibrapKone and other members ^ cerely that when one should be allowed to ofthebandwith clarinet,sa’x, trummake his or her own decisions upon reaching pet, piano, bass and drums, college age and not have to resort to making Though this is Bob Fowler’s first rules to control herself. But those people are, appearance on the campus, his mu-
pf course, wrong. ’
Oh, we feel that there are many, many sab-
oteurs who will take fiendish delight.in ridi- f\lretr'fnr<
culing AWS’s sterling defense effort. But we
wouldn’t for the^morherit have you think we /)icri/cc RjdtSOnncI
. are one of them.'J[.L;T. ^
steal entertainment is well known.
J.c.p.
papers asking their papers to soft-
pedal the widespread demands for Robert and Fred 'V^illkie, exechastic goveriimeht action’ Affairist cutlyes of (he' Josbph E. Seagram Jap aliens. . and Sons compariy,'Louisville,
“W^e feel,” said the Office of Facts arid Figurek offleiaii'“that a vvave of piihlic'hysteria Wtay develpp and wri Wririt tKa ridwspriprir.s to help avert it.” ‘ : 'The correspondent of a San Francisco riewkpsirier replied that the riiessage whUld Bri lioi'mihuhicated—with a strrihg recoriiriieridatiori that it be disregarded as silTy rind riot in accord with the vieiVs (if the Arriiyi' Navy arid
■pBL-
Were here IVedridsday riigfit to donfer with tJrilVerSTty blfidials on personnel probleiri's at the 'first of a series df Iridustry'-Fadulty dinfier meetings'. 'The yy.illfeies,' Who are brothers of ‘ iYen^ell' WiUkie,' were aceoriipanied By seVerai ‘personnel and research directors of the Sea-
gram company.'
' ;W. E. Vbgler, director of personnel at the jjfhiversit'y,' presided at the irieeting, Which folloWed a dinner in the' Unio'ri' Builttirig. Prbf. C.
t, Lovell, di'seuSsed the University’s
Note: This incident is the second policy bf dbCeritralizihg the personsour note struck by OFF in its brief, pi.ograiri, and the Seagram bf-
and none too distinguished exis- presented thbir methods of 10:05 OFF THE AIR
tence. The first Was its recent ex- tx^aining cbllege gradurites. 'fhey
With^oL’Frank Hall ; '
Purdue News
News
Agricultural Forum
Meet the Band
12:46 Music |
12:66 News,
1:00 SouveniiA 1:30 Better Vision 1:45 Markets'
1:55 News
2:00 Story a Day
2:15 Script
2:30 Moods in Mpsic—-Mrs. C. W.
Hemmer
2:55 Nfews 3:00 Special Musical Series’^’ 3:30 .Marjorie Williamsow—
singer
3:46 Music
3:55 News * 4:00 Tea Time Tupes 4:30 Mr. A. P. Stewart's Music
Organizations
4:45 The Curio M^b
4:65 News
6:00 Campus Roundtable
5:30 Vespers
5:46 Little Miss Muffett
5:66 News
6:00 Dinner Hour 6:30 Sports Review with F.R.Y. 6:45 Next Week at Purdue
6:55 News
7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7:30 Alberta Schmadel^—singer 7:45 Music i
7:66 News
8:00 P.I.A. Forum 8:30 Russ Graefnitz—^pianist 8:45 Eventide Echoe.s 9:00 Musieana
9:55 News
For years the State Department pensively-printed pamphlet “Report discussed' research' problems,
few minutes,” he said. “I’ll return has been the chief habitat of the to the Nation,” giving a highly the mrinufactUre of industrial alit when we come back out.” type of government oflicial known glamorized account of the pre-war cohol from farm products, and new The receptionist had a sudden, irreverently among Washington defense production program. There methods Of distiliatfon. ’
disquieting vision of Engel using new-spapermen as “cookie pushers.” were no untruths in the I’eport.
the nameplate to crown her boss if A cookie pusher is a natural born Neither was there anything about firmer meetings is to discuss the confei-enee became hot. But be- appeaser, whose invariable reaction such highly pertinent items as Jes- mutual interest in the
fore she could object, Engel stuck to a problem demanding forceful sc Jones’ stalling on I'ubber and
the weighty object in his pocket and action is to soft-pedal. aluminum; the Dollar-a-Year dawd- ods which will contribute in, a direct was gone. Half way through the It now begins to look as if the bng of 0PM; “unconscious profits” ^vay to the University’s value to
coiiference, he dramatically pro- State Department is going to have by war contractors and uumerous d'uced the nameplate and asked if leal competition in cookie-pushing, other delinquincies exposed by the they were still being manufactured. The Office of Facts and Figures is Truman and House Naval Affairs
*1. West-Side High School 2. Jefferson High School 3. Rurdue Women's Club 4'. Lafayette Music Society NIBROC PAPER TOWELS
None Better Prices to Suit
PHONE 7828 1AFAYETI|E PWiijg CO.
j By Bud Eberts February is here with dances, birthdays, basketball games, convos, and shorter coed hours: So far nothing definite has been decided about the' time mixers ririd other dances AVill end.' Make the most of all dances in the future—yott cati>get just as many corns on your feet if you drined from 8 to 11 as you can from 9 to 12., WGOH? 'Three national ’ fraternity chapters on our campus are celeBrating their founding tonight at a joint dance in the south ballroom of the Union. The Sigma Chis, Beta 'Theta Pis, and Phi Delta Thetas were' rill founded at the University of Miami—-thus aecounting for the name of this get together—Miairii Triad, Stan Morris and his band from the 'Windy City will play for this formal arfair. Corsages are taboo! ‘ WGOH? Winter dinner-dance of the Theta Chi fraternity will be held tonight at the house. Irv Given Will be on hand with his solid-syncopaters for the dinner and for the dancing from
9 to 12.
WGOH? Saturday night will find the Phi Kappa Tau members entertaining at a house radio dance. Across the eampuB we find the Tau Epsilon Phi fraternity dancing to tunes from the wax disks at an air-raid
dance.
WGOH? Tomorrow night will find the Union ballroom devoted to the weekly open mixer. Bob Fowler will play at the regular price of $1,10. WGOH? Remcmbci^when midnight rolls around Cinderella turns into a ragpicker, chariots turn into pumpkins, horses tium into mice—and the lights go out at WRH—so run like (ahem) made—-the AWS has spoken. So if they decide to leave a few lights on somewhere^—we’ll see you around.
Hays Jewelry Co. \ 131 North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Co$mpClubTo0l^ For Interngldi^pl
At Reguljat
Cosmopolitan Club will hold its regular meeting tonight at 7:30 iri, room 304 of the Union. Plans will be made for an inteiTatiQBgiTik)gram to aid the campus Relief Fund
Drive.
, Students or, faculty members 'gre invited to suggest acts or rilchib'ftS which they would like to hrive giy^A by students of other lands.'P|^ns will also be announced fbr thd, annual banquet given by the students of the Baptist Church., ', Pledging ceremonies yrill be held for students who wish to, become members of the clrib. M.eirib^rsBIp is open to all students;, rit present about fifty per cent of the mrimBers are American and the rest are from other countries., American ,studenis who would be Willing to help f oileigTv students with Eng'lrsh.’ and other courses made difficiilt because rif language are especially invited to bCcoitte member s of the club; riCcordr ing to LaVorine Kellar, president, s.r.b. ' .'!■, Davis Dkia^s Idlli Canners Prof. J. J. Davis of the entomology department receiitly attended the NrifionaF Carinets’ Convention in Chicago, ' Gwernraent and state representatives, canners and irlsecticide manufacturers attended the conferenee. ' Chief considerations at the meeting were canning crop insect problems. Recommendations and procedures for future action were formulated, g.w.s.
“I can’t say, Mr. Congressman,’ replied Henderson. ■ “Well, if they are, it strikes me as silly to be using brass for some,thing like this when there’s a shortage of it for war materials,” said Engel. “This plate Weighs about two pounds and there are thousands like it in government offices all over toWn. They all should be collected arid smelted down for war produc-
tion.”
■f“Say, that’s a good idea,” declared
its new rival.
OFF is one of the new wartime agencies. Its function is to maintain public morale on the home front. For this purpose, OFF is rapidly building up a large staff of writers, professors and other cognoscenti, most of whom w6ar tweeds and all of whom get fat salaries. So far their masterminding seems .concerned with . the comfort of Jap enemy aliens. Oh Monday, on the heels of
committee.
(Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Henderson. ‘T’ve never had any use Justice Department order 1 to evacfor these things myself, even in uate Jap aliens from scores of peacetime. I always figured they strategic Pacific Coast areas, the were a waste of the taxpayers’mon- IBI swooped down on a large Jap
fishing colony in Los Angeles and arrested hundreds of these aliens on suspicion of espionage and fifth-
ey.”
9 Capital Chaff Night se.ssions of Congre.ss ap
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
Ma»
pear to be a thing of the past. 'When darkness gathers, members eye the glass roof of House or Senate with misgivings about irisssible air raids ... Returning from |Rio by Pan American clipper, Undersecretary of State Sumner Welles relaxed in his first bridge game in seven years . . . Assistant Secretary of Interior Oscar Chapman, just back from a looksee in Colorado, plans to run for the unexpired term of the late Senator Adams : . . Mayor Ben P. Stapleton of Denver is trying to find a candidate to run against the other Democratic Senator, Ed Johmsoii, to whom he is vigorously opposed . . . Likely candidate is Judge Ben C. Hilliard, former Member of Congress, now a Su-
ed umning. Several days after the Justice Department order arid two days be^ fore the Los Angeles raid, an OFF offleial telephoned Washington eoric.spondents of West Coast news-
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUtHER A.,RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th aitd Main Sf. Lafayette
piiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiittiiiititDiiimuiiimtitiiiiiii^ I FRIENDLY SERVICE | = Ronded § = Gas and Oil M I T. & R. OILCO., Iuc. j iiitiiiiiiiuiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiKiiiiiiitiiiiiiiii
She was Hard-Boiled on a Jiidge’.s Bui on a Park Bench—Oh Baby ROSALIND
OF FUN! TODAY - TOMORROW unmiem
Valentine’s Day February 14th SWEETHEART PINS . . . RINGS AND OTHER GIFTS PLACE ORDERS NOW at your BUR-PAT STORE
113 Northwestern Ave “OFFICIAL JEWELERS''
Phone 2523
TODAY THRU SAT.
LUMA TODAY - SAT. - i'lAltS
ROY ROGERS GABBY HAYES IN "MAN FROM CHEYENNE"
ALSO;
TUXEDO lUNCTIOM
THURSTON HAU FRANKIE OARRO
SAllY PAYNE. . ClAYTON MOORE LOR N A GRAY .
Dt. tllTlI VACASOHClS
AND
t<?OcsKA*i C.nri %• au w wockj
■■ IhtXan^BuJXtM
nniME
- NOW PLii^YlNG- — 2 FIRST RUN HITS — I Loon|y LeoA brings I ^ home this "war orphan”—he | f has a real WARon his hand$r|
(piUidusL ^xpomnL All-American I940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postagCj provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 19X7. authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptienB, $4.06. /
^itor-in-Chief.. Editor Sporti* Editor ...
...Ned A. Ochiltree ..John L, Traueott Phil Johneun
IluRineSB Manager.... Managing Editor Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Letand W. Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff: J. F. Amos, J. II. Armstrong, D. T. Brophy, R. L. Hadli-y, F. I. Jonc-s,;E. G. Kieper. Soorta Staff: 0. 'f. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J, S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Eamsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Sicss; Office Manager: Lee Bo.sHoriK. Local Adveriisinir Manaarera: K. K. Gjemre. B. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. ,D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
P^nea: EtHtoriai and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Kepre.sented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night '£dU«r: Armstrong iJItr’Exhort Chatfield
Sports Editor: Keeler Issue Editor: Rafert
Reporters: C. F. ll;iss, E. H. Ahrens, D. C. Pickering, D. E. Puts, J. Ripliardson, S. R. Beall, P. Stenbuvg, M. J. Lauer, G. Starr, P. G. HoiVman, W, E. Vormillian, K. G. Kotiuemore, W. G. Hoskin.s. Spdrts> Staff; J. S. Dawaoii, D. M. Shryer, J. F. Aekcrman. 7
Valentines for Everyone We Have the Cards You’ll Want to Send! THE FOSTER SHOP 109 N. 4lh St. Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
ALSO "JUNGLE GIRL," Serial LATEST PATHE NEWS MARS — STARTS SATURDAY — Greater than the Show!
t\\«« 0Vtl
^CHARLES‘^BuddytiliigEAS ^ ZASUPITTSf;' ’ Produced by CLtfF’REfo Directed by lEStlE GOODWINS
PLUS
"EXPiOflVE actionI THUNDERIN6 THRlUfl it's Loaded With Dynamite! “•USSSi''
.... ................ ^ i LV
** ; Sfluwie^rie i Idrig' tMe"ago said' that 'dynamite doifids'in shiall packages. J^‘0 ekBr.ds’kion could bfr found which tyoiild better apply to the diminttfiVe tp^tairt’ of.^the ■Boilerhiakef wrtestling team,-Casey Fieedericks. He j VsfMghd 'ohly about'12^ pounds dud sfe^ fiyd: feet and si* ihehes, but B^’p bne of the best kno^n Purdue athldtes in the nation. *';6aseiii' didn't start •wrestling'until he was a spphoritore in high school. Hje thahaged the wrestling team in his sophomore year at his prep school I aihinttiater'i, Hwmond High. The following summer he took a mat with liliijhi tb' the camp whei'e he was a counseler, ahd worked out in his spare tribinehts. The next year he went out for the team, was elected captain, j and Woa the state championship,, all in his first year of Competition. ; I'he next year he was stiH captain and state champ. In his first year at Pdrdue Cascy won the national A. A- U| iheef and thg Indiana-Ken- ' tucky A. A. H.' msets in the 118 pound weight.' His sophomore year he won the Mid-ptates A. A. U. meet arid was undefeated in dual meets, rdSirig the Big Ten championship by a hair. '4 'Ba'Sl; yedy Basey was Co-captain with John Papurca, who is now a il'i sfeebrid looey in the Marine Corps. He alab Won the Mid-states A. A. U. nieet 'afid again Ibst no dual meets. He climaxed the season -with an easy cbnfererice'championshipr * )!► -Last Year Well ■ Casey is captain all by- himself this year, and is a grand leader of the tebm. Be has already won his third Mid-states championship in a row, t ririd has'''takbf^hi‘s first dual meet in stride. He’s trying for his biggest abybn this year. Schblasticaliy, the Hammond athlete is one of the best, with a coOl 43 index.' He will get his teacher’s license in English and biology this year. Although he hopes to follow in John Papurca's fdptsteps in the Marines after graduation, Casey hopes after the duration to getxinto some kmdfj)jE coaching work, preferably some administrative work like 4 EastWood handles. His Medals Are His Mother's Hpbb . A humble estimate of Casey's medals, cups and ribbons is-something over 60. His mother keeps them carefully saved—-makes a hobby of it. Thb Fredericks name won’t be lost to Boilermaker fans after M§y 3, hfiWeyei’. Casey^s little brother, Jerry, is one of the leading frieshmen out 4 for tbb ■wrestling squad this year. He also was captain and state champ afHbAiriond'. He’s a big guy, though. He weighs 135. As a parting ejuestion we asked Casey what was the greatest help in his extrdtnely colorful and successful career. “Coach Reeck is the greal^ ^ eat coach in the country,” he answered. “He’^ beCn a great help all.the Way.”'''
HE'S IN THE ARMY NOW • • • but a lot of his thoughts are centered on home. Show him you're thinking <$f him by remembering his birthday, or sending an occasional card just to soy "hello." We have a large assortment of HALLMARK Cards designed espe-l ciolly for men in the service. /
518 Main St,
Phone 5036
Opening their 1942 campaign the, fioilbrrriakei' ‘thirtiy-Cladfe Wfll ti‘'itvef%'the tKiiyersity'of 'Chica'go to engage the Maibons hi the season's first dual niefet. The sqriad this yeai» is, as yet, in the'experin^ental stages. Last year’s losses are being replaced slowly and several of the men are not fully rorinded into shape. Chicago Tough Against -the Riveters the Marooris will pit a veteran squad whose losses froiri' graduation Were few. In last year’s indoor meet the Riveters won out finally by the scantest of margins, although they later defeated ' Chicago ‘ in the out door seasom The MariooUs’ chief threat is Raridall, their star distance mari who copped a fifth pace in the half mile at last year’s conference meet. Leaving Saturday morning the team will- start the first of three jaunts that they will make to Chicago this season. The others are the Conference meet on March 6 and *7, and the Chicago Relays on March 21. If. they win tomorrow,'the Boilermakers will have completed step number one in making a dean sweep at the Windy City this year. Bill Bancker, a junior who showed up extremely well at the end of last season, and Bob Keini, a senior are the chief Riveter threftts in the dashes. In the quai-ter-mile Captain Paul Anthony will run along side Arnold and Archer. John Conant and Clarence Kron will have a big job ahead of them in trying to fill Have Rarikin's shoes in the hurdle events. A1 Jentsch and Hon Kemp will do a double in the niile arid half-iriile'everitS; They will be assisted in the latter by Bob Jarvis another member of the crosscountry squad. Jentsch has already run this, event iri the'fast time'of 1:58 which is particularly noteworthy this early in the season. Coach Phillips will rely chiefly on Hodge in the high jump and broad jump, although Barieker may take a crack at the latter also. Barry French, ace lineman of the football squad, teams With Wes Calhoun in the shot put, while Edwards and Grimm will do the pole vaulting.
Friday, February 64 ^942
Qfiio|t|i(i \l\|restlffs (.dmifjeftmen Meetf/ig/i Scoring Riveter Tank Sqi^ To Giapple Riveters Iowa Squad In Conference Tilt Meets III In AfferiKWB
Ohio State’s wrestling team comes to the; Fieldhouse Saturday afternoon to grapple with that of Coach Claude Reeck’s. The bout, formerly scheduled at 2:30 p.m. has been moved up to 2 p.m. because of the swimming meet. Buckeyes Take Two Out Of Three Of four matches thus faf this season, Ohio State has dropped Orily one and that was to Kent State. Joe Storer in the 145 pound class has yet to be defeated. Two other outstanding men for the Buckeyes are John Santschi, captain and 165 pounder, and Jim Bradfield, 175 pounders. These three men have only two bouts among them in their four matches, Ohio State will be one of the two toughest, if not "the toughest, meets on the schedule this year, according to Coach Reeck. Jim Paratore looks like the leading Boilermaker contender against the Buckeyes. Others who have looked good this past ■week are Mickey MacHonald and ■Velmar Davis of the 121 pound and 165 pound class, respectively. ‘ The tentative line-up'for Saturday’s meet is as follo'Ws: MacDonald, 121 pound class; Casey Fredericks, 128; Mark Matovina, 135; Bob Britt or Curly Gregory, 145; Paratore, 166; Davis, 165;'Warren. Evistori or Joe Hlinka, 175; and Italo Rossi or Frank Ruggieri, heavyweight. j.f .a.
Still seeking to regain their once powerful scoring punch which was so pre'v^lent iri most of early season battles. Piggy Lambert’s spirited netters last riight coricentrated almost entirely on shooting practice in their last stiff workout before the all-important Iowa cldsh tomorrow night. A light drill this afternoon will windup the week’s preparation for the invading Ha'wkeyes. Iri Big Ten competition the Hawkeyes have proved to be one of the highest-scoring outfits with a game average of slightly more than 49 points. Incidentally only the high flyirig mini squad can better the Hawks in thi^s department. Riveter Defense Best Ini contrast to this, the Riveters can boast of the most effective defense in the conference with an average of only 33.5 points per game being scored upon them. Therefore, the clasli tomorrow, the first between the two squads this, season, will in all probability develop into a battle between the air tight Riveter defense and the potent Iowa offense. Should , the Boilermakers suddenly recapture their deadly scoring punch, there would be little doubt about the outcome. Against lowly Chicago, both the Hawkeyes and the Rivetex’s scoi'ed the amazing total of 64 points. Ohio State has beaten both squads once during the campaign. The Buckeyes trimmed the Boilermakers by a six point margin last Week, but were able to beat Iowa by a scant two point decision. Iowa Co-Captains Leading the Iowa aggregation tomoiTpw will be two seniors---Co-Captains Rudy Soderquist and Vic Siegel—both of whom have been a
IM Schedules
ALI,-CAM)PUS TABLE TENNIS The All-CamDus Table Tennis will be completed Saturday. Feb. 7, and each of the foliowinK men are to report to the Table Tennis Room in the Fieldhouse at 1:30. Harrison Hbltzman'. L. L. Brieder, Bob Cohen, Louis Stecker ~ ’ ’ IT £ Wolter, G. R. ' ' File, Q. Nemeth, J. L. Hustvedt, A. Heidrich, W. , BASKETBALL Friday, February 6 Court 1 .. 7:00 Short Course 3 vs Short Course .3 Emerson FINALS Court 2 7:00 Cary Hall 12 v.s Cary Hall 7 7 :15 Cary Hall 11 vs Cary Hall 6 Schwartz Court 3 7:00 Ward 37 v.s Ward 38 7:1.5 Ward 5 vs Ward 2 8:00 Ward 17 vs W.ard 12 ■ 8:15 Ward 13 vs Ward 10 Rafferty Court 4 7:1.5 Ward 28 vs Ward 25 . 8:00 Ward 26 vs Ward 24 8:15 Ward 33 vs Ward 30 , Kerehoval
constant source of trouble to Lambert’s cagers in the past. These two huskies foxm one of the toughest guard combinations in the Big Ten today. In addition, both men are capable of bi’eaking iip a ball game at any time with their deadly longshots. Chapman On Top In Iowa’s ejght conference games, Tommy Chaprnan has been the big gun in the scoring department by amassing a total of 75 markers. Ben Trickey ranks second with 69 points. Incidentally Ben set a new Hawk individual scoring record by outmaneuvering the Chicago guards for 27 tallies, Co-Captain Siegel also ranks'high in Iowa’s offense by virtue of his 64 markers, j.s.d.
to your
Valentine
Those Fighting Hoosiers from titdiana once again come to the Riveter’s domain this time to try to conquer the swimming team Saturday afternoon at 3:30 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. This is another one of those meets that is open to the pub-' lie. People seeing this meet will have the oppoi-tunity to see the future stars of th^ Boilermaker's swimming teams as Coach Papeiiiguth intends to give of" hfe inexperienced men a chance to shotv themselves. Hoosiers Mediqcre Indiana has only an average squad this year. There only outstanding men are Pakucko and ITan Duren. Pakucko, who can swim any style, is one of the best swimmers ever turned out by our brothers in the south. He will probably swim a close race in the 220 against Vern Hansel and Jim Kreuck of the Boilermakei-s! Van Duren swims the 440 and he will probably be opposed by Hansel and Cliff Erik'son. ' In their first meet of the year, Indiana badly trotinced the Ball State Teachers tank squad, hut the following week were defeated by Cincinnati University. Indiana has a very small squad this year, even smaller than the Riveters. Last year the Boilermakers defeated the Crimson and they should do it agaih this year-, according to Coach Paperif guth. Jack Horn, Frank Lake and Dick Smith of the Boilermakers will; haVe their first dpppi-tunity in the sprmts, Saturday afternoon. George So<IerJling will swim the breast stroke arid the new 400; Yd, relay team wiK-b'e made up'^of Horn, Smith, Lake, and Joe Williamson. Sevex-al men ai;e sophomores and this will be then* first start in a Big Ten swim meefe Hawkeye Ace
iMsBi
give
No gift will give her ore reason to be grateful for yotir thoughtfulness than a box of Shrafft’s Cauchy. We have a complete assortment in beautiful heart-shapetl boxes. Many tempting ^ varieties to choose from!
BOOK STOOE
ftfinemliffi
YQU’RE WEUQIIE AT
1!^*'
• QUALITY FOOD * • REAgONAlLE
QRUli STORES
Across from the Union Building ' M. C. ^Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Si 'if-
DON'T JilSi iiTTIflG THIS YlAR'i iiiltis
r
Because of National Conditions this may be the last time you will be able to get a Debris. - BU Y NOW-
Surprise of the basketball wetfc was Ben Trickey, ace Hawkeye forward. A low scorer normally; he cut loose against Chicago last Monday for twenty-seven points. This smashed the individua| Iowa record for points in one gaihe which was formerly held by Ben'Stephens.
Mixed Recreation Students may pax'ticipate in mixed recreation, sponsored by Sportswomen, in the Women's Cyrianasium tonight. Scheduled a^ivities will include the following: T:R09 p.m., badminton, shuffleboi^t pingpong and volleyball; 8-£l swimming; and 9-10 p.m., dancing to recorded music. Students are, rtquested to wear rubber-soled shoes.
RIFLE MATCH Friday. February S I .3:45 to 5:30 p.m. BETA SIGMA FSl BETA THETA PI PEiTA CHI DELTA TAU DELTA DELTA UPSILON KAPPA DELTA RHO
GREETING CARD$ FOR ALL QCCASIOMS
Old Sttn
Aanu From lloiw* ‘Red*’ Seaiuwut. '29 **D«e*^h-‘
Mool Meets Today For Defense Training Industrial instructors who ai-e to develop wai'-time protection units Within their oavii plants will attend the fourth session of the five-day ttaining school at the University today. Discussion topics will include the prevention of sabotage, traffic handling, small arms firing and methods of dealing with emergencies. 'Representatives of approximately 90 of the larger industries of the state were present at the session yesterday. The principal topics, which were presented to the group behind closed doors with admission granted only after careful identification, included the methods of dealing with bombs and explosives, the keeping of records and reports and report writing, the impoi-tance of plant geography and the application of Indiana laws. The speakers at the session were Capt. K. E. Kline, in charge of the industrial protection division of the University Public Safety Institute; W. I. Spitler, Lafayette, president of the Indiana Association of Industrial Property Protection Directors; and Sgt. N. C. Burnworth, of the legal department of the Indiana State Police. Tomorrow an FBI representative Wall outline the responsibilities of the Federal Bureau of Investigation so far as the internal security of industrial plants is concerned, e.h.a. Personnel Notes If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a, supply of which is in your school bffice. You will be notified by card from the Personnel office when to schedule for an interview. John Deere Tractor Go., Waterloo, Iowa—Feb. 11 and 12. M.E.’s and a, limited number of junior M.E.’s for surhmer work. Dravo Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pa.—Coming soon. M.E., C.E., E.E., Ch.E., Met. E., and P.S.E. Also juniors in these schools for summer work. Erie Railroad Co. (Chicago & Erie R. R. Co,), Cleveland, Ohio—• Feb. 6. M.E. and E.E. Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee Wis.—-Coming soon. National Supply Co*. Toledo, 0. —Coming soon. M.E., Ch.E., Met. E., P.S.E. and T. and I.E. USHCO Mfg. Co., Inc., Frankfort. Ind.—Coming soon. Babcock & AVilcox Co., Barberton, Ohio—^Feb. 16. E.E. and CkE.’s for production work and Ch.E.’s for laboratory work. Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Corporation, Brackenridge, Pa.—Feb. 11. There is a need for additional chem-' ical engineers. Please sign up immediately at the Pe}'sonnel^ Office. Kellogg Company, Battle Creek, Mich. — Feb. 23. M.E. and E.E. Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa. — Feb. 25. BS in M.E., ChE;, E.E., Chemistry, and Ph.D. Physicists and Chemists. Carnegie-Illinois Steel Corporation, (U. S. Steel Corporation, Subsidiaiy)—Juniors for summer work. Please sign on sheet provided for that purpose in your school office befoi'e Feb. 6. Group meeting for Juniors only in room 214 M.E. on Thursday evening, Feb. 12, at 7:30. Naugatuck Chemical Go., (Division of U. S. Rubber Co.), Naugatuck, Conn.—Feb. 6. Need more Mechanical Engineers. Please come to Personnel Office immediately if interested. Metropolitan Radio, & Television Corp. (A division of Philco Corp.) Philadelphia, Pa. Needs Electrical Engineers. Sign in school office if interested. ^ Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., Actuarial Division, New York, N.Y. —Undergraduate men for summeiwork, especially those with a major in mathematics. Anyone interested, please come, to the Personnel Office and sign up. The Elliott Company, Cincinnati, Ohio-^Feb. 18. ME and EE. United States Marine Corps, Centra] Recruiting Division, Indianapolis, will interview on the campus on Friday and .Satui day, Feb. 13 and 14, Come diiectly to the Personnel Office and sign foi- an interview. The Carborundum Company, Saturday, Feb. 7. Sign up in the Personnel Office immediately.
(Continued on pagO 4) Warsaw' (Poland) in 193G with a Ph. D. degree, he came to America at the invitation of^lhe University of Michigan. Under the persuasion of that university and Hitler, he decided to prolong his visit indefinitely and accept a position on the faculty there. Eilenberg is at present visiting the campus as the house guest of Dr. and Mrs. J. W. T. Youngs of the mathematics department. Subject Hard To Define Asked w'hat topology was, Eilenberg I'eplied that the simplest possible description of the subject would take two hours and six minutes. So, instead of getting a definition of the science, w'e gleaned obscure bits of information from his remarks. “Topo” comes from the Greek; it means location. “Ology” is added on as in most sciences. The term topology is misleading, however; it “aids to confuse people in a more complete way,” as Eilenberg says. The mathematical science concerns more than location; it concerns all of the highest mathematical theory. Purely scientific, it is all research and is tied-in somewhat with- advanced geometry and analysis. Since it is all theory, topology has no practical application. No Practical Application We then inquired: If topology has no practical application at all, why w'aste effort on it? We found that mathematics is Eilenberg’s interest in life and that the science holds so much fascination for him that he devotes his spare time (when not teaching other forms of mathematics) to the highest theoretical math, our confusing subject. He also said that he “enjoys his nieals, too.” One Of 80 Specialists Declining to give a more complete definition of his specialty, of which there are only about 80 specialists in the woidd, Eilenberg offered to give us the problem that he would attempt to solve at this afternoon’s lecture. It w'as concerned with cutting three objects in space into three equal volumes .^y a common plane. The problem has ..no prac-' tical application, but though the science has no practical application at
University Ca —Tpdky—
len^ar
9:00 A.M.^H. E. Demonstration Ag’ts,
-West Faculty Lounge
9:00 A.M.—Plant Instructors. School ....
.Room 363, Union
9:00 A.M.—First Aid Class'
.Room 306, Union
4:30 P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club
.Room 304, Union-
7:30 P.M.—Theta Chi Dinner Dance ....
.Chapter House
9:00 P.M.—Miami Triad ...L............
-South Ballropm
Dr. Newton C. Fetter To Talk NexlSuitiei At West Side Cliiircii
' i'7
M.E. I^abe-np Exanig: Examination for Paplua Qymnaattca Gln6.nSiieolaij;me^^ removal of C grades In mechanism ME 11 Friday. Pcb. 8, at 4 ilO'ii.m;;, ip' riKimv lP*;^^ will, be given Snturday,,Peb. 7, at 1 p.m, of the Pieldhouae. All^inefrtkerstn^^e^iii room aOl Mechanical'Engineering Build- quested to be present. FO^EE jf ing. . ' ri-A HALL .' r- , \ ;
' y ' Exponent Preshmerts See notice‘vpostad’ Biology Students: . Makeup exams in Bi- on bulletin board as soph as
Dr,
plogy 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m.
—ENDERS
New Preshmad Students! YOU may obtain PrcshniHn Handbooks from 4 to 6 p.m. any
Newton C. Fetter, assistant Activities Burea^Off^^^^^
Westminster Girls Club: Meeting TueSdaV, Feb. 10, at 5:30 p.m. at Mrs. Findley's, home, 129 Sheets St. ,, , . —VIRTUH ..
Practice on Friday, Feb. 6. at announced later. . . EMHOFF. Inter-Foundational Athletic League t JBins-
ketball games Saturday;
Government chriatians ys. Methodists, and Frp^yiteMiattS-,'
Vs. Baptiste.
with a little gadget Which, he has termed “Cynthia.” “Cynthig” is a device which relays the sound as heard at the back of the Auditorium
Paul Robeson (Continued from pAge 1)
studio audience of 600. At the con ,
elusion of the work, the entire audience .stamped, shouted and applauded for a full quarter of an hour, and New York and Uollywood switchboards were swamped with calls of enthusiastic comments, and requests for a repetition of the pro-
gram.
Robeson’s principal forte is the negro spiritual which is particularly adaptable to his voice, His repertoire also includes many American folk songs and ballads by Moussorgsky and Dvorak. Thereminlst Assisting Robeson in the concert a week from Saturday will be Miss Clara Rockmore, therminist, ■ and Lawrence Brown, his arranger and accompanist since 1925. The Theremin,' played by Miss Rockmore, is something new in the field of electrically-controlled music. The instrument is unique in that the performer never touches it While playin,g. Tone is produced when the operator enters an electromagnetic field surrounding the instrument. The pitch becomes higher or lower as the right hand approaches or moves away from a vertical rod, and the volume i.s controlled by the distance of the left hand from a metal
loop.
“Cynthia” . • Paul Robeson himself enters the field of electrically controlled music present, research conducted by Eilenberg and his colleagues on topology may lead to the solution of practical problems that now remain unsolved because of inadequate mathematical methods.
deliver church.
r.m.s.
the stage. This enables him to con-
trol the power of his voice in accord- University,
ance with the acoustics of whatever hall he may be singing in. According to Robeson, this mechanical ear “is based on the same principle which makes people like to sing in
their baths."
Admission to the convo will be by passport or season ticket. Single admission Will be $1.10, but there will be no reserved seats or advance sale,
w.g.h.
Short Course ... teams 3 and 5 will play their championship game tonight at 7:00 p. m.. on court 1. Spectators are invited to attend this fray and it is expected that the contest will
be very hot.
Skull and Crescent: Important mertlng
executive secretary of the Baptist „ , TTiT",-r ci u Wednesday, Fob. ii, at 7 iSO ..pahv.i Ftjfd'
Board oi Edocotion o( the Northern Baptist Convention, wjll speak ^ p-
at the West Lafayette Baptist ^ _ _ _
.i. - . • , History, Ecohomica, and Government Mothodistaand .PfesByttfeWtttti-
Church, next Sunduy Ulioining^ at Make-ups: Examination for I^emovul of con'-, IQ.on ditions and incompletos in History, Econ- * * omics , and Government will be held SaturFor 26 years, Dr, Fetter was the day, Feb. 14, at 1 p.m. in Room 113 of the TV . • . TT • -i. A * ' -n Recitation Building. Application should be
Baptist University pastor in Bos- made before Friday, Feb. 13.
ton. In this position he was con- —bstey. nected with the 'Roger Williams Freshman Engineers: Meet for EnglneerClubs of Massachusetts Institute of in'^EHz?^owl|r°«alL^'Scat^’s^asaiBnmcnta
Technology, Boston University, and "‘’IP
chaci Golden Shops. All EE Seniors:
Classifiedl
■1.1
A fifteen-minute pe- Typewriters—Adding MachIn«*.';aH
Dr. Fetter will speak Sunday on rlod'must be'scheduled for sometlme Tues- BoldUrented, repaired, and!•parbIiaBed..Wind-
■■Religion and Jhe Modern Sta-
dents.*Mn the afternoon he will in- be given Friday, Feb. 6. Make your apterview students at the home of PbiMments before noon l^nd^y^F^b^9.^
Rev. J. B. Gleason at 140 N. Grant
A i n rift Presbyteridn Students: Mid-winter party St, At 6l30 that evening, .he will af the University Church, Friday, Feb. 6
at 7 :30 p.m. There will be informal recreation and refreshments and the only requirement is your presence. —FINLEY
another sermon at the
Lost: Large tourqudise and silver, Indiim; ring, in Union Saturday'nlght. 'G&Vl ! Ruth; Frier, 75161; , , Lost: Phi Sigma Kappa fraternity'.pini Finder please call 8002. Reward.;; EdWil*;,!'*Karpick. . „ ',7 ■* ''
Notices
Reamer Club: Tickets are available in my olTice. Get them between 4 and 0 p.m.
—RUFFNER
C.E. 41 (Hydraulics); An exaniination to remove C and I grude.s will be hold in room 125, Heavilon Hall, on Saturday afternoon, Feb. 14. Permission to take the examination must be obt.'i,ned from the undersigned before Wednesday, Feb. 11. —GREVE Wesley Foundation: Party Friday, Feb. 6, at 8 p.m. Everybody welcome. ■—GILBERT
ME 30 Make-Up exams: Examinations to remove C and I grades in ME 30 will be given Saturday, March 14 at 1 p.m. in room 101 of the.ME building; Please notify me if interested;. —^-GEIGER udents: 33 W. Lutz St. Friday, Feb. 6 at 7 :30 p.in. Refreshments will be served. —CHEN
For Rent: Single room' for boys:,' l;Ji6W' house, 608 Allen St. corner of Northwestern. Inquire after ‘6 lp;m.’;'15911. Lost: Gold Walthan)?, .Wq.tcjiit'iyoWeeks ago. Call Simpson, 330,lyifgr; ■Sfie'warcl. Rooms: One single'and one doUbld^jL-v— to campus. Price reasonable. 822 Wdat Lutx
Ave.
Dad’s Place so HANDY
FRESH CANDY — FURNAS ICfi CREAM SOFT DRINK Open until 11:00 p. ni.—Sundays 4-10 p. in.
HELLMPDPPm It Won’t Be Lonqi Now!
WHITMAN’S DELICIOUS VALENTINE CANDY Get your Mother or your Sweetheart a heartshaped box of candy that will suit her tatse and
your budget.
in the 1st zone, if it goes beyond that you pay the difference and we still pay the 1st zone.
Just leave your order and we do the rest-— DEAC'S
College Girls! Win Tuition or Cash Awords in
1 O O WORD CONTEST
on, you English majors, and other students who love
HAVE YOU LOST
This contest is open to women students (freshmen to seniors indusive) in any established co-educationol or womoh's College which gronts a recognized B.A. or B.S. in the , It is also open to high school girls of junior and senior
grades, taking the Academic Course.
time are the AWARDS OFFmO: ]
j
Theta Chi
,, . . .social fi'aternily will hold a formal dinnei'-dancc at the chajito' house tonight. Irv Givcn’.s hand will play foi' dancing I'l'oni 9 to 12. Chaperones wiil he Dean and Mr.s. G, ,'L, Jenkin.s, Prof, and Mr.',. W. Lafei'ce, Prof, and Mrs. K. Doan, ami Mr. and Mr.s. FrcKi Willi,s.
, effleiol qnfry blank — on which the ■assay, must be submitted—gives oil the . 'SattMWons governing this contest, for j entry blank and for on inspiring
; '4jiimpse ot the new
;y!Oat' favorite rxsrset department
'/>a p "ft k
/i' II
—Your fraternity or sorority pin, your watch, scarf, or something else of importance? Save DOLLARS by paying only 25c MINIMUM for a CLASSIFIED AD in the Exponent. You’ll &4EE' money here! The first day is 2c a word and the days after are Ic a word. Keep This In Mind Students!
. - ^.'-M Flexees-vlsif / -I partment in ' ^0 />,/^ tf ^ ^ / 1
,PO« «S possible. You ore not re- 4^ ^ ‘'"'A ^ f ^
■‘i'
1