w « * i i It
..s',: ■' . ,.'■ 1 '"41^“*^ "wv";: ' • . "..■'^':i / "', . ‘ ' ' :■ ,4 “ ‘ ';\ ’ - > ■ ■ ' < .... ‘ • . . ?■'''’"'^Hr'?s4'?;
SFICIAL COED PAGE Today; See Columns, Features, Editorial
't. /*
Established 1889
f Daily Since 1908
BUY DEFENSE STAMI^ For Saturday Mfjcer
Featuring Noel Hall "'Si'
%5w4
Volume 53, No. 164
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 10, 1942.
Cadet Corps To Honor Gen. MacArthur Today ROTC To Hold Complete Review On Intramural Field At 3 P, M. The entire Corps of the University ROTC will participate in a special review today in honor of General Douglas MacArthur and hfey gallant men, defenders of the Philippines. The day is being observed all over the nation in other colleges and universities. The review has been approved by the Executive Committee and all classes will be dismissed at 2:30 this afternoon. The
Freshmen To Elect Senate
For Cary Club Opera Tomorrow Representatives Tomorrow
Russ Morgan San Carlo Troupe Plays Tonight Will Present Comic
VttSIUMTOH MMHV-eO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Battle Rages Over Freezing Of Wages, Prices, Profits WASHINGTON, April !). — Hottest home front problem furrowing inner circle brows is the question of freezing wages, prices and profits. With several key pay-increase demhnd.s pending before the War Labor Boai’d, the AFL and CIO are vehemently opposed to a wage blanket. They contend that with war contractors making huge profits on one hand and living costs rising steadily on the other, workers are entitled to more pay. Certain farm and business elements also have voiced strong opposition to the freezing proposal on various grounds. Chief freezing advocate in the inner circle is hard-boiled Price Administrator Leon Henderson, to whom the menace of disastrous inflation is an ever-present nightmare. Henderson’s insistence on wage controls has brought down on his head bitter labor recriminations. But he is sticking to his guns and, at a secret session of the entire War Labor Board, hammered home his argument with a baiTage of sizzling statistics. These arc the principal points made by Henderson: 1. That henceforth 50 to 60 per cent of wage increases will come out of the U. S. Treasury — that i.s, tax revenue—and not out of corporation profits as contended by the AFL and CIO. 2. That an increase of 15 per cent in basic wage rates if extended throughout industry would have “disastrous” effect on the cost of living. .3. That average industrial liourly earnings since September, 1»39, the start of the war, have risen three times as much. Further, that in December, 1941, real hourly earnings were 11 per cent above the September, 19.39, level and real weekly earnings 25 per cent higher. 4. That the principle of adjusting wages to living costs must be limited to workers receiving “substandard” pay. The spread between them and the bettgr organized and better paid workers must be reduced; otherwise, Henderson held, the latter will get an “even bigger piece of the pie.” Note: Henderson’s legal aidc.s maintain that under the Pidce Control Act, the WiU' Labor Board i.s required to consult with him before grantitig a pay increase, 'fhe Board does not have to accept his recommendations, but the lawyers say tlxe Board must get Henderson’s views. • Prescient Kobert Noble, grand.standing Los Apgeles Fascist arrested on sedition charges, either has a sense of humor or he is prescient. When Noble registered in the February 16 draft he gave the following answer to the question where mail would always be sure to roach him— “c/o R. B. Hood, special agent in charge FBI, Los Angeles.” Those who have talked with High (Continued on page 4)
corps will form in the Armory at 2:40 in order to be ready for the start of the exercises at 3:00 ofi the Intramural field. The exercises will signify the end of the defense stamp drive that has been in progress on the campus. Gun Salute If Cancelled All members of the corps are required to participate in the levicw unless it is raining. In the event of rain the review will be cancelled, a three-gun salute will be fired at 1:55 p. m. and classes will continue as u.snal. Parking will be along the cast fence of Russell Field. Cars may enter by either Third or Fourth Street entrance jirior to 2:30 p. m. No car.s will be admitted after 2:30 p. m. In case review is called off because of rain, students arc to attend their regular elasses. President Elliott stated that all members of the teaching staff should show interest in the work of the Military Department by attending the special review. Attendance at the review is compulsory for all military students. McGeachy Lists Students' Part In War “The search for truth had no place in the Nazi regime,” stated Mary Craig McGeachy, attache of the British Embassy at Washington, in her talk last night in Fowler Hall. Speaking on “The Challenge of Total War to Univoi'sities,” Miss McGeachy showed that the present war is a “battle of our ideas for life against the ability of German machine,s to undermine these ideas.” She pointed out that the United States and England had never imfore realized how important and essential it is to improve competence of thought, and said that the “role of the University is absolutely essential to the war effort in this field.” Discovery At Dunkirk “England discovered at Dunkirk what it had to fight w'ith,” she said. “Wo found that we had the kind of men who w'oukl not be defeated, and the people found freedom and life in the realization of this.” She stated that it was the role of University students to keep up research, improvement of thought, and morale in the country by calmly separating and weighing news from all sides, that it is their duty to help prepare for the domestic problems that must incvitalfiy result from total war.
Halls Hold Last Formal Dance In Union At 8:30 Old-timer of the music world, Russ Morgan, will appear in the Union tonight from 8:30 until 11:30, with his “Music in the Morgan Manner,” when he and his band play for Cary Hall’s last formal dance of the year. •>«♦! Morgan started his musical career a number of years ago along with other pioneer famous nahies in the field of current swing. He
Russ Morgan will wield his baton for the Cary Clubbers tonight in the Union ballrooms. played with the Goldkctte Orchestra, which at the time included such men as Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey, Joe Venuti, Eddie Lang, Chauncey Morehouse, Jo Riskind, and Bix Beiderbecke. Career Bogan At 11 Russ Morgan’s musical career began when, at the age of fourteen, he made arrangements for two wellknown American composers, John Philip Sousa and Victor Heihert. “Music Styled in the Morgan Manner ” is primarily sweet, and arrangements for the organization are supervised by the leader himself. Featured vocalists with the band are Phyllis Lynne, feminine member of the ensemble, Paul Pendarvis, George Henry and Clarence Melter. Air Corps Interviews Students Today At 1 Lt. Sternberg, advance officer for Aviation Cadet Examining Board No. 1, will conduct interviews and examinations for students interested in aviation tiaining today at ] :00 p. m. in Room 134 of the Electrical Engineering Building. All* students desiring to enter Aviation Cadet Training after the close of this semester' are urged to be present if they have not already passed the Aviation Cadet qualifying examinations. Regulations Under the present regulations the age limit for applicants is from eighteen to twenty-six years inclusive. Married men aie eligible for appointments, provided their dependents have sufficient means of support. Full information regarding the Army Air Coi ps and api)lication blanks may be secured at the Adjutant’s Office m the Armoiy.
Dairy Club Sponsors Phi Delta Theta
Dairy Day Tomorrow
Dairy Club is sponsoring “Dairy Day” which is held for all students interested in the judging of dairy pi-oducts or daii-y cattle tomorrow at 2 p.m. Anyone attending the University is eligible to enter the contest with the exception of seniors who are ineligible. No one person is eligible to enter both contests. The dairy products judging, which will bo held in Smith Hall, will consist of judging ice cream, milk, and butter. The dairy cattle judging contest will be held in the dairy liarn pavilion. Contest winners will be announced at the next Dairy Club meeting to be held next Tuesday at 7:30 p.m. in room 108 of Smith Hall. Awards and trophies will be given to winners of the contests at this time.
Sigma Nu
Company Wijl Sing 'Barber Of Seville' A comic opera, “The Barber of Seville,” will be presented tomorrow night in the Music Hall by the San Carlo Opera company. The doors will be opened at 6:45 and the perforjnance will begin at 7:30. Conley Will Play Almaviva The San Carlo troupe includes such stars as Eugene Conley, who will play the leading role of Count Almaviva; Grace Panvini, who will sing the part of Rosina; Harold Kz'avitt and Richard Wentworth, who will be seen in the parts of Basilio and Bartolo; Louise Warren, recently discovered by musical director Carlo Peroni in the Brooklyn Academy of Music, who will be singing the role of Bertha; and Ivan Petroff, who will be seen as Figaro. Musical highlights in the opera, which has its plot laid in Spain, come in the first act with the tenoraria by Count Almaviva, “Dawn With Her Rosy Mantle,” and the gay baritone aria by Figaro, “Room for the Factotum.” Second Act Highlights In the second act, Basilio’s “Slander’s Whisper” along with Rosina’s “Una Voce Poco P’a” provide the highlights of music. The concluding act brings to the audience the popular aria in waltz time, “Lesson
Scene.”
This opera has the distinction of being the first Italian opera everpresented in this country. Afterbeing first given in Rome in 1816, it had its opening in New York in May, 1819.
Waterworks Group Will End Sessions With Talks Today “Maintaining Good Water- Service in Times of Emergency” is the theme of the thirty-fifth annual meeting of the Indiana Section of the American Water-works Association ,which enters its final sessions in the Union today at 9:30 a.m. with fire prevention lectures and demonstrations by the State P’ire Marshal’s Department. Dean A. A. Potter- will speak at Ihe noon meal, while “Emergency Precautionary Measures” will be discussed by M. H. Swartz at 2 p.m. Geupel OpeiLS Conference L. A. Geupel, Chairman of the Indiana Section, in his opening remarks yesterday to the 100 assembled representatives of municipal and private works, called attention to the fact that breakdowns of water supplies had been big factors in the allied losses of Hong Kong and Singapore, and emphasized the importance of precautionary measures to insure an uninterrupted supply of water. An afternoon session devoted entirely to discussion of emergency operations with a round table, if time permits, on Priorities, Personnel, and Civilian Defense, will close the two day conference.
Engineers Will Select Four Men In Morning Lecture Elections of the four freshmen engineers to sophomore representative positions on the Student Senate will be held tomorrow morning at 8 in the Music Hall during the regular engineering lecture. At this time Joe Neff, president of the Student Senate, will introduce each of the candidates to the freshmen, and take charge of
Radio Program Summer SessioD
. . . social fi-atci'iiity, announces (he election of the following officers: 'roni Hobbs, pre.sident; John Pfenningcr, vice president; Doug LeMaster, steward; Boh Sanders, reporter; William Cassidy, historian; Joe Stivers, secretary; Bill Guernsey, assi.stant secretary; Dick Barwegan, warden; Harry McGuni, as-
sistant warden.
To Replace Annual Literary Banquet In furtherance of the University policy of war economy. Prof. Paul Fatout, who has charge of the writers’ contest sponsored each spring by the English Department, announced today that the annual banquet honoring the winners is to be replacOd by a radio jirogram over WBAA next Monday, from 6:30 to 6:55 p.m. In the past the winno's of the various contests have received cups, cash, or medals, but this year they will be presented with Defense Stamps. Fatout To Award Prizes President E. G. Elliott will preside over the program and will make a short address, after which Fatout will award the prizes. These were donated by the following: George Ade, $15 for the best short pl.'iy; David Ross, ,$15 for the best poem; H. G| Reisner, $15 for the liest short story; Dean H. E. Enders, $15 and $10 for the best scientific papers; F. C. Hockema, $3 5, and R. B. Stewart, $10, for the best essays on Indiana history. Two Seniors To Win In addition the W. H. Winterrowd award of $100 and $35 will be awarded to the two winners among the senior class who have made the best collection of books during their collegiate careers. Four dictionaries will be presented by the G. C. Merriani Company to freshmen who have developed the best vocabularies since entering the University. Prof. H. G. Venemann ... of the Mechanical Engineering School, has been appointed chairman of the Educational Committee of the National Association of Practical Refrigerating Engineers. I’rof. Venemann has written a refrigeration textbook, “Refrigeiation 'Theory and Practice,” which is now being jiublished. Parts of the book appear in Ihc April, 1942, issue of “Ice and Refrigeration,” the N. A. P. R. E. publication.
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: eminent commander. Bill Hammer; lieutenant commander. Cal Shcey; marshall, Ralph Disc; rush chairman, John Wilcox; house manager, Ken Klosson; treasurer, Don Case; alumni contact officer, George Norris; social chairman, Dave Lodge; recorder. Bob Abbott; athletic chairman,'Fred Krampe; sentinel, Larry Flora.
Stamp Sales Inco(U|>lcte tabulations on the $15,000 defen.se stamp drive being conducted by the War Council are as follows: $3,750 in bonds has been bought by campus activities and organizations; $2,800 worth of stamps has been sold at the desks in the Union, bookstores, etc. These figures do not include the money and pledges being obtained in the fraternity and sorority drive.
Will Start May 4; Offer New Courses Regular eight week Summer Session will be given this year, starting May 4, with some alterations in schedules and classes to be offered, it was announced yesterday by Dr. F. B. Knight, director of Summer Session. Besides other new courses to be announced soon, the eight week session will offer the regular courses in freshman mathematics, chemistry, English, applied mechanics, and engineering drawing for those students who have encouiRcred scholastic difficulties in their first year. 'These classes will allow failing students to make up credits and start fresh in their .sophomore year. Courses For Late Graduates In addition, another course beginning June 22 will be given for high school graduates whose schools close too late to let them enter at the beginning of the regular semester on May 5. Mathematics, English, chemistry, engineering drawing and shop will be given for this group, pending the registration of enough studdnts to make the teaching practical. These courses will be doubled up so that a full semester’s work may bo completed by the end of the term. A total of nine semester hours credit may be obtained in this way. Holmes Will Speak Before Chemists Tomorrow At 4 Dr. H. N. Holmes, national president of llie American Chemical Society, will talk on “A Chemist’s Adventure in Medicine” at a meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society tomorrow afternoon at 4. 'The meeting was originally sclieduh'd for Saturday evening but Dr. F. J. Allen, secretary of the local section, has announced that it will be held in the afternoon because of the presentation of the op01 a, “'The Barber of Seville,” in the .evening. 'The members of the Indiana section will be guests at the presentation of the oiiera, and scats will be reserved for those who purchase tickets for the dinner after the meeting. Dr. Holmes, who is the head of the chemistry department of Obeflin College, will be the guest of honor at the dinner, which will be held in the Union building.
the election. Freshmen who have petitioned for Senate positions are: Allyn Crofts, Bob King, Tom Spitler, Dick Collister, Judd Vear, Dave Lindsay, John LeBoeuf, Richard Welty, William Schenler and Paul Blakely. Of these, four are to be elected. Thus, on each ballot the voter is to make his choice of four candidates, in other words he is to vote for foor of the petitioners. Vote In Engineering Lecture This year, for the first time, the Senate is holding the election of the four fi'eshmen engineers irt Engineering Lectures. It is expected that this new method of election-' ing will stimulate added interest in our student government and better acquaint the freshmen ■with the functions and activities of the Sen-
ate.
At present and for thte duration
Senior Cadet Officers of the Uni- of the emergency the University versity ROTC and seniors of the will operate on a year-around basis, band will be honored at Corps Days, Thus, the Senate also has made defTuesday and Thursday of next week inite plans for functioning cotttinat 11 a.m., by the “Graduation Re- uously throughout the year, views” to be held on Intramural Hold Elections Each Semester Field. These annual reviews ai’e the Because of the speeded-up prolast appearance of the senior Cadet gram, many students will continue Officers before the Corps and are their education through the surahighlighted by the assumption of mer; however, some riiay find it imcommand by the Junior Cadet Of- possible to do this and will enter the
University again next fall. This sit-
Tuesday’s review will honor the. nation has necessitated a change in senior Cadet Officers and the senior the organization and elections of Band Officers of the Second Brig- many activities including the Senade. The review to be held on Thurs- ate. Thus, the elections for all electday will honor the officers of the ed positions on the Senate ■will be First Brigade. held each semestei'. Previously Meet III Armory elected representatives, however. Each Brigade will form in the eligible for re-election.
Clark Resigns ... For the time being the senior
board of the Exponent staff will take over the duties of the Sports Editor, Ted Clark, it was announced yesterday. This action was taken following the rsignation of Clark who was not enrolled as a student in the University at the time of his election. 'The sports column which will be known as “Speaking of Sports” will be written by the four
associate sports editors.
Cadets Will Honor
Senior Oflicers At Corps Days
Armory, in its normal position, on its regular Corps Day and march to the review field under the command of the present senior officers.
Only the freshmen engineering representatives are to be elected tomorrow. The elections for the remainder of the Senate positions
Upon arrival at the Field, each will be held as previously announced Brigade will form on a line of Wednesday, April 15.
massed batteries and will be presented to the reviewing officer. Immediately after this, each senior officer will relinquish his command to a Junior Officer and report to the reviewing stand. The Brigade will then be presented to the revie-wHiig party and will pass in review under the command of the Jun-
ior Cadet Officers.
All students of the University find public are invited to attend these reviews and witness the corps in its last outdoor parades of the
pi’esent semester.
Lark-Horovitz Speaks Before Physics Society
Dr. Karl Lark-Horovitz, head of the Physics department, has recently returned from a trip through the East where he addressed the New England section of the American
Tomorrow's Mixer Will Feature Noel Hail Satm-day night following the San Cai’lo Opera, Noel Hall and his orchestra will play for the regular weekly mixer in the noi’th ballroom
of the Union.
Noted for his sweet swing, Noel Hall comes directly from Hammond where he has Just completed a long standing engagement. Starting at an early age, Hall played with various orchesti’as until the formation
of his own.
Defense Stamps The price of admission will be $1.10, and $1 worth of defense stamps must be shown at the door. This dance is part of the MacArthur Day celebration at the University, and stamps presented will show interest on the part of the students in helping the University achieve
ni . , ,, , , „ its $15,000 goal in Defense Stamp
Physics Society on the problem of training enough iiliysicists for the
war effort.
Delegates from Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode island. New Hampshire and Vermont were attending this meeting. Professor Kemble, head of the Physics department of Harvard University suggested that the organization adopt a" resolution
Foundation Presents 'Bluebeard' Tonight Wesley Foundation will present a .“Bluebeaid” show tonight in the auditorium of the First Methodist
to set up a cooldiiiating committee Church. 'This entertainment will of the same type which has been feature Prof, and Mrs. Patterson, working m Indiana under the direc- local pnppeteets, with them threelion of Dr. Lark-Harovitz. act puppet show called “Bluebeard.” Society Adopts System Assisting them will be Betty NLiir'The society agreed uiiaminously riolt v\ith her marimba; Ruth Gusto adopt this eooidinating system, ter, vocalist, and Hubert Forbes, which has been set up in Indiana flutist. 'The total program will last to increase the tiaimng offered in approximately one hour and will high schools lu the fundamental sci- begin at 8 o’clock, dices of mathematics, physics and The Foundation is sponsoifing this chemistry, and to bring about a bet- show in order to raise money fdr ter training of teachers in these its mission enterprises. Tickets, subjects. costing 25 cents plus the fsdanil Similar plans have already been tax, may be obtained from Jack set up in Pennsylvania, Chicago, Hopkins, Beth Ludberg, Ruth ClJ»-down-state Illinois and on the West ter, Catherine Jane Warren or at Coast. the Foundation office.w%tfe'’’‘" *'*
^ )
**( Coed Feature Page
Friday, April 10, 1942
\
Purdue Exponent ' Afl-Anieritan 1940-'41
Offices Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse Phone 2792 ^tfftbnal ^ohc After 10 p rti , 5377
»G4iior4n Chief News Editor Manairinir Etiitor Business Mnnsiccr Circtllution Manaircr Coed Editor
lohn F Amos Don T Brophv John H Armstronjr William D Millard Ken K Cjemrc Alice Chatficld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff R 15 ! I D 1 But? W G Iloskii s A P Hunter I) Och Hr ^ E Rafort Sports Stuff D h Hi > i ] S Da n ni L I Karpick H W Kneper Coed Staff Sall> Beall Cliwrlotte Hass Jc'ii Laucr Doris PicKcrint t Business Staff Coed Business Man&ircr Julia Mart n Ad\ertisine Managrers J M Wrie,ht D L Johnson Circulation manager G H Kloumai Accounts Manager Trcna Torr ng Junior Coed Managers Ellc i Cla k Jane Keim
Strfff for This Issue
Nighl Editor Hunter Issue Editor Guernsey Daj Editor Lauer Snorts Editor Karpick
ffleporters Ho kins Rich Fawcett Beall Ha'^s Ford
r Isoi Votik Mar ii Vermilion
Holland
Entered as aecond class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the specml rath of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the summer Session Delivered locally by car Tier for $3 50 per vear mail subscriptions $4 00 BepresePfed for national advertising by National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatnes 420 M^isop A^c Nen "iork N Y
er an i u
on
Bj bus Holland Comes the daw n oi w hat I mean is—comes the end of this semestci Just thiee moie week ends in which to get all of those dates This weekend selves as an example of how full thej can bt Tonight we find Paiss Moigan playing foi Caiy Hall Foimal—good stuff' Tomorrow s the Da^ But tomoiiow s the daj when theic aie so many things happening Bung out those new (nai old) spiing clothes and piepaie to spend the weekend in a flouush
of coloi
This afternoon e\ en those intellectual Alpha Lambs are taking music instead of books Time 3 5 Place Union balliooin Running eompctition to tlie tea danee is a ladio dance ovei at the Delta Gamma house Opera Comes Fust The opeia tomoiiow evcnin^ is one of the featuies of the weekend (Does ^oul fond date like opeia'^ Make him take you anywaj) Aftei the opeia comes a gland sciamble oi jou could toss a com to decide to which place you want to ^,0 Of eouise theie is a little mattei of bid'^ WRH comes out with anothei big danee This yeai it isn’t foimal as it has been in aeais befoie Iiv Giv en IS the maestio ATO Dance Foi tho e of \ ou w ho w int to w eai that new toimal theie IS the AIO danee it tteii chaptei house The easiest way to gam enti ince to that paitj is to make suiethatjoui date is in A.TO Foi those of \ou who want even inoie vaiiety we heai that theie is to be a shindig ovei at Cuj Hall in the foim ot a Caiy Quad Mixei The Chi Os aie giving wa\ with i i idio danee How do they find time to keep up that seholastie avei age'' Someone tells me that the Sigina Chi s aie ^,0 ing to town too with a danee Mixer ith Noel Hall One would think that with all ot these numeious dances theie wouldn t be i niixei Vi long again-—theie IS one Noel Hall Irom Hammond is pla^ ing m the Noith ballioom The question is —will evei-vone be leadj to stait studying bj Sundae No' W ell theie s alwajs a ino\ 10 to cO to it eou want to go See eou Mondaj at join eight o elocl ' Who ever hcais of tat men heading a not oi heidin^ togethei in tuibulent mobs'' No No tis youi lean huiigij men who aie eontinually woiijing society ana setting the whole eommunity by the eais—A^a&h^ngton living
One can adeise eomfoitablj t om i s ifc poit — Shiller The business ot life is to be to do to do without and to dep u t—Mo lee
Watch The Flames. Darned! ‘ Maty had a little fag She forgot to put it out “Boom” Shell lemembei next time, no doubt” “Poevder loom” fires are the cause of signs like these evhich evill appeal soon m various lest rooms on the campus Along with leforming coeds in keeping earliei hours, Associated Women Students have undertaken to correct the seemingly unbieakable habit of University coeds of throwing lighted cigarettes into waste papei baskets The fiist “powdei loom’ fire occurred last December and in the confusion and consternation which resulted because of the penalties thieatened by Univeisity officials, reform was almost lealized Then a second file occurred and lesolutions were again made which soon fell the way of all good lesolutions Now AWS IS going to try its luck at leloim and IS putting signs which were composed by the freshmen representatives, Virginia Waiien and Caiol Roblee, in conspicuous places in all “po'wdei looms ” So let’s show the University that coeds aie capable of refoimmg and -when we see “Put out those fags, bags,” and “Watch those flames, dames ’ let’s heed the advice and stop thi owing lighted cigaiettes in waste baskets full of papei Coeds can change their habits because it has happened beloie when those in authoiity have changed them without asking the advice of the faiiei sex But habits can also be changed voluntaiily Willful changing of this caielessness can be collected and if so both the authorities and also the coeds will be much happiei a c ^3)01 DA. (BisL Bj Sill} Beall last Sunday was Eastoi the, time foi palms ml lilies and new clothes Those of jou whose biidficts Cline thiough the vvintei oi whose lathcis came Ihiouqh had the new clothes Ihose of us jvho jvoicn t such good mimqeis oi campaigneis \Joie the old one jjith as much oi in Lastoi air i-, possible ® Building Up Out And if j ou woie the costume ot Eastei bcloic last peihips you noticed that oil John Puidue tai fiom wealing jou dojvn was actinllj buildin^, jou up and out M lybe its only a mattei of foiu oi five pounds in the wiong place and majbc you like it but pioh ibly you dhnt It this docs apply to jou allojj me and the depait nient ot physic il education foi jvomen the Student H alth Scivice and the depiitment ot nutiition to issuie JOU Ihit theie is hope toi jeu You still hajc foui Weeks beJoie vacition oi the ncjj scmestci and much can be undone in th it ti lie • How lo Cut Calorics If you have onh a Ic J unji nted pounds j oi can h uidlc jOLi oJMi c unpaign Ii join att icl the fist piinciplc IS not to ini s iij meals hut tc cut down on those ci'oiic Be film and he consistc it ibout not til ing seconds avoidin,, t ittj tcods and cutting doj\n on the i/c ot seum^s of coneenti ited loods You must hue mil which is no tlj \ itei injwaj but if J ou Ji int to cut theie too si m i iilk and huttei mill give J ou w h it J ou need miiui the ealoi es Have i piotcm tood each meal Ic u needn t staue to death loi JOU can eat i much as jou want oi most jiuits ind vegatible ii 1 joii constionce j ill tell joii Jihich ones ucn t included in most • Malknig 1 oi loim Defense Excicisc is |ust IS J it il toi sti e imlinin,, is i le nu deled diet Mb it with ul bei ti es oen whatiib bei tiles aie ou mi^ht is well et into the h ibit ot jvalkiiig mil jv ill mg i the la\oi te 1oim ol e\ eieise toi some ot the most ,,liLtoiiii^ Ilolhjiood
stais
It JOU jj int to go aJtei that excess uoiidupois still mo e eiiouslj consult the ibojc mentioned u thoiilies The Studei t Health Seiviee will tell JOU ho J much JOU should lose tie depiitment oJ nutii tion will nut the lea rt eiloiies into you and Ih depaitment ot phv&ie il edueiton will 1 11 joii j hit to do loi exeieises lecieition id le 1
Dean Stratton Helps Campus Women To Overcome Diversified Troubles
It seems suipiising to find cl at i laeultj niemhei who ahajs knows exactlj tie light answeis and manncis foi all occasions is also a human being who went thiough college JMth tjpieal tioubles and pi oh Jems Such is the ease jj ith oui Dean Doiothj Sti it ton—dean of jjoinen at the Lni emitj When Dean Stialtm went to school at Ott jNa Col lege OttaJJa Kansas she jvas laced jvith a situation Jtij similai jvith that ol a coed heie She lived in the women s lesidenee halls the college jjas eoeuuca tional and the lules eoiieei rg coed hems J\eie ju^t as stiiet Breathers Biafs Non 1 xistent Dean Dollies fathci was a pieiehei in Kansas and Ml souii and the Stiatton lamilj was inojiiig Horn o ie eity lo aiiolhei quite fieeiuentlj Because ol these t peiienees oiii Deal ol W omen le ai ued many thinf,s about how to „tt alon^, with peoi It and to man i;,e p cathei s ehildien Usiialh thej aie not diffeient liom othei tudents m tollcgi pioving the old say 11 g about 111 eathei s liats i w i aid Dean Dot ti^ and she holds nc mail ii)) ioi them jj hen thej ai 1 ive hole Good Editor leiinis Champion Like manj otheis Dean Stiatton s inaioi in eol lege Jjas cxtiaeui 1 leulai aetnities She was coed edi toi on the echool jiapi i tennis thaminon oi the college ■foi lorn jeais and Jvas oi tin student enate I oi one ytai she held the late su gle and ele iil It s chain jjtumship Aftei graduation icahaing that ncwsimpei wiit mg (wiiat she had planned to do) and mal mg monej had little in tommon she took up the job of teaching l^istoiv and physical eduealion ioi gnls Next shi leetived hei mastei at Umveisitj of ( hieago and
Jias ettei d i sehol uship to Colimhia Univeisitj to tile the clems eouise Dean Stiattoi did not 1 ivi Columbia until she h ul a doetoi s deg ee ii peisonnel woil and hei de in s ti uning eouise eomideted This w IS onl/ the beginning ns she went to six difleient ehools and uniJeisities ioi uK meed pei oimeljjoil Contiols Coeds With all of Ihi education behind he De m Stiat ten tame te the Uiuveisitj in the till ol 1J:,J Since then hci duties lieie have been m mv ind leatlj \ 1 led She does ,,ioup inteiviewmg j ith gnls dubs md the lesidenee halls idvisuig them as she iblj cm she p esents mnovitions on campus jjhieh she bthejcs will help the gals and she 1 ceps the coeds p obleins undei eonti ol In the sunmeitime Dian Dottle is just ihout i 111 J a e\ii Ihe iouith house inotheis tonvtilioi IS being planned loi the middle oi June lo Iiilj this jeu School will Ik m session dining the si in nei nioiitlis nd coeds j\ fi] w mi uhism^, new flesh nci wi'l uquiie nine cxjilanutioi about the Univoisitj ilie tills letivities will need suggestions-—and De in Stiatton will do most ol it Collects M rites Plays CioK And also Doiothj Sti itlon keeps on loiiv cxti i cmiiculai letiJitics She is pi esident ot the Indian i Dean ot Womens Assoeia'^ioii jvhieh his mcmbei hij t both higl school md (ollc c women deans Sh has hohl les tolleeting poeti \ md plijm„ ,^olt lie \Mol( a bool Youj Best Foot Fniw ud in eel laboi ition with Miss Sthleman assi tint dr in of women Ihe I iggest Ilf not that has tome to Dean Sti itton I itch IS tin fact th it hci nmu ipjie i s n the list edition ol Who s W ho In Anuiii i
WRHTo^i^St)VKig Dante Toihorrew WRII will hold its annual spiing dance toinoiiojv evening m the halls fiom 8 30 to 11 30 Jiv Given and his oichestia will play in South Hall foi dancing and a public address system will be usec( m Noith and Wood Halls A sjlvei backdiop is planned foi the dance which will be
closed
In ioimei yeais the spiing danee has been foimal In keeping with national defense lesidents voted to hold the dance in the halls and to make it infoi mal Money saved on the dance helped buy Red Ci oss membeiships foi the hall gnls AWS Holds National Convention At Columbus National convention of Assoeia ted Women Student oigamzations fiom campuses all ovei the United States is being held at Ohio State univeisity m Columbus Ohio and will continue until tomoiiow Agnes MeCu loch foimei p csi dent and Maiy Ellen Seaiff foi mei jico picbidcnt aic attending the convention Next ycai s officeis who aie at the convention include rioience Cioll pi esident Jane Van Goikam vice piesident and Jane McCouch social chan man
GoW Pdppers Will Award Scholarship Basis foi the Gold Peppei and Panhellenic scholaiship foi HOO has been decided by a committee composed of the follojying Gold Pep pels Donna Siess Baibaia Ann Adkins Doiotliy Benson and Hai
1 let Simons
The joint seholaiship may be awaided to undoigraduates as well as seniois planning to do graduate jvoik Undei giaduates applying should have a junioi rating Appli cants will be judged on the follow mg qualifications scholaiship tiaming seivice need and person ality The committee suggested that $200 be given to two students Applications should be turned in to Gold Peppers at the west desk of the Union by April 18
Town Girts' Club h ^Sponsor Picnic Tojvn Gnls Club will sponsor a picnic Satin day, Apiil 26 at 3 30 in flappy Hollow Those gills jvishmg to attend should sign up at the Wc«t desk of ihe Union by Monday April 20 The chaige for the food will be 20 cents and is to be paid when sign ing at the West desk The gioup will meet in the West Lounge in
the Union
Alpha Lanibtfa Delta will sponsoi a tea danee in the north ballioom of the Union tomoirojv fiom 3 to 5 p m Pioceeds fiom the dance will be used for Alpha Lambda Deltas scholaiship fund The usual puce of 10c foi eds will be charged
To Give Carn/vaf Univeisity Spoitswomcn Club will sponsoi the annual Penny Car nival to be held Saturday, April 18 in the Womens Memoiial Gynjin.aS'lum from 7 to 11 pm The calnival theme will be earned out in the decorations with booths, conces sions, and stands supplying thO background Soioiities Will com pete foi cups foi the most original booth ^Incl foi taking in the most
money '
Side shows will be featuied to gcthei with a watei, ballet by Tn ton Club, gills swimming honoiaiy, and a tumbling act by membeis of the fumbling Club DkiiCing in the gymnasium Jvill fdllojv the program Fatronize Exponent Advertisers
The people of North Carolina pio vided for a state system of highei learning in then fiist constitution of 1776
^llllll|llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllilllllllllilll)ll|||||||||l£
HELD OVER!
hTODAY
TOMORROW!
= It s Rougn - = S Tough and Ternc' = I VICTOR MacLAGLEN | I EDMUND LOWE = |CALL OUT THE MARiNES| = Mighty Cavalcade of courage' = I VALLEY OF THE SUN | = with = E JAMES CRAIG - LUCILLE BALL E n1lllllllllllllll'lillilllllllllllllif|||||||||||||||||||||||||||l(P
MAUI LAST riMlS TODAY
Hit Comedy Of Wide-Open
Starts TOMORROW
HURRY' HURRY' LAST TWO DAYS
STARTING TODAY
LOUIS vs SIMON See Private Louis in his g/gafest fight Time otf fight 1 25, 4 17, 7 09 10 01 Plus out tegular show
LUMA
TODAY - SAT
Chester VSORRIS Jean PARKER
2 HITS
with JOHNNY MACK browh
ALSO
KING OF THE TEXAS RANGERS LATEST PATHE NEWS
r . 4 iV- ■A
^umi to
mm
or maid
Look to LOEB^S to have the newest, most devastating collection, There^s not a wall flower i|i the lot so garner yourself a formal now, and assure your swains of a dazzling season. Prices start at ^ 12-98 LOEB’S Dresses Second Floor
tf
'4iP: I' ■ > :♦
With yesterday’s game with ■Notre Dame postponed again until Monday after^ipon, Coach Dptch ■f'ehrihg, land the jBoilermaker nine are planning 'to open the regular season this afternoon in a two day series with Western 'Illinois. 'Both games will, be held on the Riveter diamond, weather permitting. Good Winning Record , In all three prevrous engagements with the Western nine within the last three seasons, the Boilermakers have cotne out on top. Two southpaws With Western Illinois this season, plan to make the going a little' ■tougher for Coach Behring’s charges than in past years. The Illinois squad sulfered the •loss of Six Of theiV last year’s lettermen. They still have with them, l^owever, last season’s regular first and third baseman, an outfielder and varsity pitcher. Also, because so .maiiy of the Western athletes have ibeen called by fhe army and navy, (they will be allowed to play their ifreshman candidates this year, j The Boilermakers received anoth|er setback night before last when ;Geoi!ge ’Emerson, one of the three candidates for first base, hurt his jankle while running the bases. Em;erson, although inexperienced, has .shown a great deal, of promise rejcently. The first setback came Wednesday when Meflin 'Gantz, veteran
«R. PAUL A. RISK 4>R. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — dentists — 4Q0-4O4 ;5eKullz Bldg. 4tli and Main St. Lafayette
outfielder from Indianapolis announced that, he had enlisted in the Navy Air Corps and was reporting for service May 15., He is leaving the squad so that he can prepare to report for duty; Coach Behring, however received encouraging news that Harry McBerren, Senior second baseman ■would be able to play in Friday’s game having sufficiently recovered from his appendicitis operation of
six weeks ago. Brobable Starters
Probable starters Briday are Jack Swantz, in place of Emerson at first base. Shoemaker on Second base, and Young Catching. McBerren may start at second instead of Shoemaker no'w that he is back with the squad, but this has been unde;-
termined as yet.
Because of the weather, the entire Riveter squad has been drilling in the P^eldhouse. Each player has been taking his turn in the temporary batting cages' set up inside. BoHowing . their double victory over Wabash last Saturday, the Boilermakers seem to have more confidence and are cutting at the ba:ll with more zest than during the period before the practice series. The thrice postponed game with Notre Dame will be, played Monday afternoon. Last' year’s two game competition with the Irish resulted in a 3-3 tic after ten innings of play on Ross-Ade Bield, with the second game of the season, being rained out at South Bend. The Riveter squad will journey to Notre Dame, April 22, for the second game of the season on the South Bend diamond.
Purdue
Friday, Api-n 10, 1942
Page 3
Spartan Thmties WW Attemfif TttiSim Posses^ Of little Brown ^
O^^rond Cream keeps toilur Murray dancers in a close-up Whether the music’s sweet or swing,you’ve got to be “sweet. ’ ’ Use Odorono Cream—choice of Afthur Murray dancers. NongreaSy, 'nonrgritty—gentle Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days! Get a jar and hold that partner —spellbound l lOii, 39jt, 59p sizes (plus tax). , The Odorono Co., Inc.
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY FULL OZ. JAR-'-ONLY 39i (plv> lax)
l)ick it
Credit swimming coach Dick Papenguth Vvith another score. IJiefc, the master showman comes forth with another crowd pleasing sttiht for the annual Galacade scheduled for May 1. ■ The plan calls for live fish in. the Boilermaker pool. To explain further, a fish catching contest is qn the bill. Picked squads of varsity and freshman swimmers will vie for the swim trophy made from an old boiler. . . ThV idea is that. the team 'that manages to Catch the most 'fish will have their'iname inscribed on this “priceless” trophy. Dick feels that a; contest like this will be better received by the fans than a race between
the respective squads. Nothing Easy
To make things a little tougher, these fish, supplied through the courtesy of the State ‘Conservation Commission, will be ten pounders, not any little fellows that might be easily snared. Entertainment at a rapid pace is the keynote .of foUr actual races, the rest of'the program will provide fun for the spectators. Other stunts on the program are being kept a secret so that the fans may enjoy the element of surprise, but they promise to please. , Tickets for the Galacade will be sold at the door of the balcony to the pool, and the admission charge will be 25 cents. More About "B" Fo&'fbafl Head football coach Elmer Burnham repeats the Call for candidates for a “B” football squad. Thus far the turnout has not been as laige as had been expected. “B” football is a splendid opportunity for the fellow who pla-yed football in high school, but is too light to play on
the ;yarsity squad.
Tw’o teams are working out already under the directiori of cogches Claude Reeck, Sammy Voinoff, and Italo Rossi, but thei’e is equipment available for many more. 'R'” football dpes not call for a season ot thankless drudgery. With the only activity provided by .scrinrfnages with the varsity. A full schedule is planned for the “B,” club so that all the men may have the added thrill of actual competition. . With the present emphasis on physical preparedness, “B” football will provide the candidates with a chance of bettering, their physical condition and having a good time in the process. RreVious competitive experience is not necessary. All- the staff asks iS a fair amount of physical strength and an interest in the game. ' ’
Dutch Introduces Team
Wednesday night at the big league baseball movies, “Dptch” Behring introduced the members of this year’^vuine. It gave, the, majority of the fans a chance to meet the boys that ■will perform on the diamond this spring. Players and fans alike appreciated Dutch’s thotightfulness.
Apology To Bartlesville
Coed Editor Alice Chatfield would like to correct the statement about the Bartleisville Oilers that appeared in her Introduction as a member of the senior staff. The Oilers are a basketball team, not a baseball team as they were represented to" be. - They are a good team, too. They finished second „in, the Madison Square Garden Tournament that officially opened the Basketball Golden Jubilee celebration. They were, also fuiiners-up in the annual AAU tournament last month. Second in a tourney that bring together the best teams in the country is hardly a performance to be sniffed at.
By Jim Ackerman ! With the Little Brown Jug as the objective in tamS, Riveter track squad will journey to the MicMgaii State ■ . . this afternoon at 2:30 to duel with the Spartans and,try'td Headingithe mound staff exf the Possession of the trophy. N : Lp. Norfolk Training Station baseball Since the trophy was put into use two years -ago, ,it team are a pair of schoolboy pitch- mained inside the Fieldhouse walls, as the Boilermakers Kave
defeated the Sp^ans last two years. Brevions to time the trophy was not Since tlie Spartans hai b^eii the Riveters twice before ttre trophy was put into tlae, tlteir winning scores were placed bli
. the jug also.
Chief Has An-Idea
Tennis Team Opens Season At Btrtler
ing sensations. . You’ve no doubt heard of 'one of them If you have ever read a baseball 'box score. Yes, the number one man on the staff is the ‘Iowa pitching wonder Rapid
Robert Boiler.
Minor League Flash
The other schoolboy in question is Freddy Hutchinson. At the time that ‘Boiler was making himself
known to the basebaR fans and to This afternoon at 2 the Riveter ■ ^ the American league hitters alike. Tennis team will open their season Which is callfed
Hutchinson was ‘bulTiing up the
Pacific 'Coast league.
He compiled a vei’y tidy win
for both teams. .. .
no prospective in miiid. Then “Chief” Clevett got a hrainstormi “Why not fix the jug iqi and,,use
record with a total of 23 victories as his contribution to ihe fortunes of the Seattle Pacific Coast League Club. Before the season was over
, , , ,, v> ill til- ij the'tirttle BroWn Jug, was fotihajm with a match at the Butler Field- , , ^ t , /p 1 . 4. 1. -11 Tii. i.v ^ trash pile in Lafaytftfce by CoaOT house. Today’s matches-will lift the ™mi- -n j, , , . ,, nn.iH . . Phillips. For quite a few years the curtain on the 1941 tennis season . . t , ■ , . ~ .-.,i
jug just sat around in biS’i^ce-Wita
Lucht Leads Team
Captain Ray Lucht will open play
thrs^R^i^ l^d''^ere“fi'om ^ Rivuters in the numb^ime for'“a brophy-the,^^ most of the big league teams for suggestion to Coach Phillips. .The
jug is a hand made Riece of earthenware, a sqi-t of a copper color in appearance. It has the four scores of the Spartan-Ri-veter series on it in white paint. Aftei' sitting around Phillips desk for quite a spell, jthe
, . , • j , • • j, ,, T,- . . • • jug is now content to remain in the
high priced rookie, reinforce the Riveter captain in the -h -i i . , 4, . „ . • o 1 T-,, Boilermaker trophy case.
their young hurler. + x, -u L u ui i ... T, ; .V, . team. Ray will not be able to play High Priced Rookie very many matches as a member Detroit outbid the other clubs of the tennis team because he will
with an offer in excess of $50,000. graduate in May.
Freddy made his major league A pair of letter winners, Gus, debut with the fanfare that usually Armstrong and Dick Stettner will
accompanies
His pitching was not of major Butler invasion. Sophomore Ed
league caliber, and he was farmed Dudzinski will compete the squad. Will Make Trip out to the Toledo club of the Amer- Players Double Up ^ Last year Coach Phillips did liot ican Association. All the members of the squad will bother to ‘take the trophy .■'to LanLast spring Hutchinson went up play a singles match and then they .sing with the team when th^ went, for another trial with the Detroit will pair off in doubles combina- as he figured that they‘Would .take Tigers. Again he was told that he tions. The match will consist of the the match hands down. This year,.it did not have enough to muffle the best two out of three sets. is a different story, ho'wevor, as bats of the American league slug- After the match with Butler the Coach Phillips figures that it will gers. He was sent down to Buffalo tennis squad will have an 11 day take everything the Riveters -haye
21.
HiM SibmpS
layoff from competition before they and a lots more to defeat the meet the Ball State team on April Spartans. So the trophy will prob-
ably make the trip to East Lansing with the team, just in case the BoiK
ermakers get beat.
The Riveters 'will face one xf the strongest teams in the Middle West. While the Riveters were running in the Butler relays, the Spartans were defeating six Western Gonfeyence teams to win the Illinois Relays, which was held in GMcajfo.
a few weeks ago.
Spartan Stars
Michigan State is headed ‘by Sqott and Milner, a miler and a high
Club To Meet
To Discuss
in the International league. Sometimes He Rested
Before he was sent down to the Buffalo club Freddy requested that he be .sent down for the entire season, and not be recalled in the middle of the summer. With the Buffalo club he was known as the hai’dest working player in the league. In addition to his regular turn on the mound Freddy worked' as a relief pitcher, pinch hitter, and served as coach in the first base coacher’s
box in between these other jobs. All persons interested-in competHe won a total of 26 games with the annual all-campus arch-
a team that was notoriously weak eiY tournament, which will be held ^ _ ___ with the stick. As a hitter he ^ atter part of April, should at- jumper, respectively, Scott consiiStboasted a fine .345 batting average the meeting of the Archery ently runs the mile in' 4:17;, while in a pitcher’s league where .300 that will be held next Monday, jurrtps around the six foot, averages were very rare. The league ^ 104 of the Field- mark. The rest of the foam ‘is recognized his efforts in behalf of the afternoon, equally'as strong, although the mile his team and awarded him the most for the tournament will be yglay team is rather, weak, valuable player trophy. ■ discussed, and qualifications for en- pg,. the past few nights ..the In The Navy Now trants will be determined at this trafksters have been working .out So with his added poise and skill, . . in the stadium to get in trim .Jor Hutch finally felt that he was ready ractice sessions will be held their spring meets. Last nigh.t Soaie for another crack at the majors. onday, Wednesday, and Fri- gf the fellows elected to go oiiit i.htb This time he was sure that he would to 5.30 p. m. at either the rain and practice, while .others make the grade. Instead fate took the outdoor range west of the men’s remained under the fieldhouse roof. a hand and Freddy enlisted in the tenms coiuts, oi in the indoor range jf ■feather continues as it,has, the
in the sub-basement of the Field-
past few days, there is. likelihood
big league this year, but he will be house, depending on the weather, that.the meet will be held :in the on the same pitching staff with the practices will be under the Michi gan State Fieldhouse instead
supervision of the Intramural department, and equipment will be furnished for both advanced and beginning archters at these times.
of on the outdoor oval. Edwards Vaults Well Tw'enty-two men will make,, .the trip to East Lansing. The .pole vault event will be taken care of hy Art Edwards. Edwards’ high .indodr mark is close to thirteen feet.. For the past few nights in practice, fie has been again coming .close to bis former, mark, having been off forin a few days back. . George Archer is fast roundmg into shape on the outside oval. Archer, a sophomore, last yem?' set a new 440 freshman record in the stadium. When he came indoors this winter, Archer was away off form, hut now that he is again oBtdoprt, he is once again back in his old form, as shown in the time trials held this week. Rain Slows Anthony Captain Burt Anthony will Re still trying to topple the recofd in the 440. The rain the past few days, however, will probably halt any plans for making a record tomorrow. The following men will make up the traveling squad: Anthony; Banckei', Gaulke, .Archer, Marozick. Ketiip, Jentsch, Conart, Kron, Dod.ee, Dueslei'i McLaughlin, Appleton, Livinghouse, E d w a r d S, G V i m m, Andersen, McEachern, Root, Calhoun, Kein and Arnold. ''>Hk.':
7A
/«vii
*ge4
Purdue Expon^t "
Fj7’t>' '■'•"'''/'f'l' /♦ >♦■• »'
Topliff, Johnson Win Dairy Contest Prizes
Today On WBAA
Marion C. Topliff and Bruce C. Johnson, seniors in Dairy Manufac-
turing, were awarded prizes includ- {):55 News ing expenses paid for the 1942 Ice 19:10 The Cufio Man
\
Cream Merchandising Institute, sponsored by the International Association of Ice Cream Manufacturers, Washington. D. C., C. C. Hadley, general secretary of Indiana Manufacturers of Dairy Products, has announced. The Institute, the sixth of its kind, was held in Indianapolis on Monday and Tuesday. April 6 and 7. Topliff and Johnson won theiiprizes in an essay contest sponsored by the Indiana Manufacturers of Dairy Products. Their topic was "How to Increase Ice Cream Sales in the Winter Months.” On Monday night the semois were the guests of the Indiana Manufacturers of DaiiT Products at the dinner meeting of the Indiana Dairy Technology Club, where they heai d Dr. A. C. Dahlberg, New York State Agricultural Experiment Station, noted authority on ice cream. Merry’Go'Round... (Continued from page 1) Commissioner Francis B. Sayre since his return from the Philippines get the impression that the American soldiers fighting on Batann may never get out alive. Sayre doesn’t say this in so many words, but his other comments add up to this conclusion. Sayre is politely scornful of the stories that “we have already won the battle of the Pacific supply loutes.” He points out that the end of our supply routes — southern Australian ports—is 4,000 miles from Manila. There’s a “ti’emendous task” of getting supplies to Australia in the first place, Sayre says. Then there’s the difficulty of transportation by rail across a continent as large as thp United States, and aftei that a still more difficult shipping problem across the barrier of the Jap-anese-occupied Netherlands East
Indies.
While this tedious effort is going on, the men in Corregidoi arc “living like lats underground,” in a place which the Japanese could take if they cared to pay the price. If they don’t they merely have to sit at the thieshold, enjoyiiig command of both air and sea, and wait for the American soldiers to starve. The most discouraging element is that the men on Bataan have only limited supplies, and when those supplies are gone, they must face not one enemy but two—the Japs and starvation. • Army Nerve Center One day rccentlj, moving vans pulled up at the heavily guarded rear entrance of the Public Health Building on Constitution Avenue, delivered equipment that had to do with the over-all health of the world—the belongings of the British military staff which cooperates nith the American staff in planning war strategy. The British staff occupied the entire third floor of the building, Surgeon General Parran and his health experts having long since departed. Every room in the building now is tenanted by men in uniform. The first two floors are occupied by American officers. In this building are held meetings of the Joint Chiefs of Stafl (U. S. .\rmy with C. S. Navj); also the Combined Chiefs of Staff (Joint Chiefs plus British Chiefs, with occasional Dutch or Chinese Chiefs thrown in). This is the building where they u&ed to keep track of the number of cases of measles in the public schools. (Copyright, 1942, liy United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
10:16 Morning Melodics
10::B0 Music
10:45 Theatre of Song
10:55 News
11:00 “World Hi.stoiy Since 1914” With Prof. Frank Hall 11:50 Purdue News
11:56 News
12:00 Agricultural Foi'um . 12:30 Meet the Band , 12:56 News | 1:00 Souvenirs / 1:30 Better Vision 1:46 Markets
1:56 News
2:00 Story a Day 2:16 Treasury Star Parade 2:30 Mrs. C. W. Hemmer—pianist
2:55 New's
3:00 Special Musical Series'' 3:30 Marjorie Williamson—singer 3:45 Music i
3:55 News
4:00 Tea Time Tunes 1:30 Ml. A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations 4:46 The Curio Man «
4:55 News
5:00 Campus Roundtable
5:30 Vespers
5:45 Little Miss Mulfett
5:55 News
6:00 Dinner Hour 0:30 Sports Review at Purdiie 0:45 Next Week At Purdue
0:56 News
7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7.30 Alberta Schmadel—singer
7.46 Music 7:55 News
8:00 P.I.A. Forum 8:30 Russ Graefnitz—pianist 8:15 Eventide Echoes 9:00 Musicana
9'55 News
10:06 Off the Air 1. West-Side High School 2. Jefferson High School 3. Purdue Women’s Club 4. Lafayette Music Society
Daily Health Service Report
Caryl Blade, HE ’45, was discharged from the WRII infirmai'y April 8 after receiving medical tieatment. E. R. Shields M.E. ’45 was discharged fiom St. Elizabeth Hospital after leceiving medical treatment. Marilyn Fifield, Sci. ’43, D. G. Robinson. E ’46, and M. M. Rothschild, P ’13, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital foi medical tieatment on
April 7.
Alpha Kappa Lambda
. . . social frateinity, announces the pledging of LeMoyne E. Farnsworth of Elkhart, Indiana, and the election of the following officers: president, James A. Meyer; vicepresident, Dean E. Wilbur; rush chairman, Roger C. Weatherston; recording secretary, Robeit W. Paiker and corresponding secietaiy,
Robert C. Sherman. V-7 Training
. . . U. S. Naval Reserve Officers’ couise for college men in their junioi and senior years, will be closed about May 1, 1912, and men who
Personnel Notes SOPHOMORES AND JUNIORS FOR SUMMER WORK Illinois Tool Works, Chicago, 111. Date of Visit: Wednesday, April 15. Sophomores and Juniors for Summer Work in Tool engineering and Machine Design Departments. Schedule an interview in the Personnel Office before 10 a.ni. Tuesday, .\pril 14. Bausch & Lomb Optical Co., Rochester, N. Y. — Sophomore and Junior M.E.’s, Ch.E.’s and Scieitcc (with Physics major), for summer work\ No representative will visit the campus. Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 p.m. Monday, April 13. National Tube Company, McKeesport, Pa.—Sophomore and Junior M.E.’s, Ch.E.’s, Met.’s, E.E.’s and Industrial Engineers for summer work. No representative will visit the campus. Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 p.m. Monday, April 13. Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, E. Hartford, Conn.—Sophomore and junior Mechanical, Aeronautical, and industrial engineers for summer work. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, April 13. COMPANIES SCHEDULED TO VISIT CAMPUS E. I. DuPont dc Nemours & Co., Wiibasli River Ordnance Works, Terre Haute, Ind. There is a need for additional engineers of all types in this division. Sign in the Personnel Office before 3 p.m. Monday,
April 13.
United States Itubber Compan>, Mishawaka, Indiana — Men and women from all schools. If interested, sign in Personnel Office before Saturday, April 11. A representative may visit the campus if a sufficient number sign up. Chemistrj Majors. The Miles Laboratories, Inc., Elkhart, Indiana, have oiienings for two chemical majors in their analytical and control laboratories. Those not subject to selective seivice are ineferred, as they desire to retain these chemists on their .staff.—- Ed. F. Degering. Case School of Applied Science, Cleveland, Ohio—B.S. in CE, ME or EE, with 01 without teaching experience, for positions as instruct01 s. Sign in Pei sonnel Office befoi c Wednesday, April 15, Philco Radio Corp., Philadelphia, Pa. 01 Detroit, Michigan—B,S. or M.S. ill ME or EE, Sign up in Personnel Office betore A]n'il 14. George Pollock Companj, Saci emento, Calif. C.E., M.E., E.E. for W'ork on a shipbuilding contract. Sign in Personnel Office befoi e Fi'iday, Apiil 17. ■ Commonwealth & Southern Corporation, Jackson, Mich. Juniors for summer woik. Sign in Personnel Office before Fiiday, April 17. Panama Canal, Washington, D. C Coming Apiil 10. Wants C.E.’s. Sign in Personnel Office befoi e noon
April 10.
RC.V Mfg. Co., Inc.. Indianapolis, Ind. Coming April 10. Wants men for work in their Methods Engineering Dept. Sign in Personnel Office liefore noon A])ril 10. 7th District Ollice, U. S. Ci\il Service Commission, Chicago, 111. B.S. or B.A. degiee in Political Science, Economics, Bu.siness Administiation. Public Administiation, Accounting, or Social Service, oi a combination of two or more. Men or women are eligilile. Sign in Personnel Office before 3 p.m. Friday,
April 10.
Science SentarB! All science seniors who have not culled nt my ofTico in the past week to fill out senior blanks are reaucsted to do BO at once. —ENPER3 Alpha Phi OInesra: Pledge meeting, Friday, April 10, at 7 p, m„ In the'Swedish Bounge of the Union, ■—BREWEU WAA Tennis: Two required practices must bo in before Monday, April 13, Practices may be played anytime. Scheduled practice nights are Monday and Thursday.
—SCHUBER
Stage, Stunt, Studio Banquet Committee: Get bill into me immediately. Phone 2176.
—PERVINE
Society of Automotive Engineers: Thursday, April li), olficer.s will be nominated and elected for tho coming year or summer session, as will be decided. Chairman, sccro-tary-trensurcr, vice-president, and vioe-
ohairnicn in charge of meetings, publicity, controllei*« olTicc must be prcaciited at time membership will be chosen. All memof the test. PElTi kindiv bo in the Chc.stnut Room of the
Union at 7:30 p. m. Refreshments will be served. ■—KEIL
Notices
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Informal meeting Saturday, April 11, at 1 p. m. in Room 370 of the Chemistr.y Building. - MONTGOMERY Chemistry Majors: The Miles Labovatorics, Inc., Elkhart, Ind., have openings tor two cliemical maiors in their analytical and control laboratories. Those not sub.1ect to the draft are preferred, as they desire these chemists on their staif. '
—DEGERING
C.E. 62: A conditions test in Highway Construction will be held at 1 :30 p.m., Saturday, Apiil II in room 206 of the Civil Engineering building. Permits from the
Gold Peppers: Picnic post|)onod. Plans arc being made for having it Tuesday, Apri! It. Watch for further developments.
—FORD.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Informal initiation Saturday afternoon, April 11, at 1 in room
Registration Workers: Students who wish 1120. Chemistry building.
o work for the Registrar during (ho sum- --MONIOOMERY
I - -
mur term registiation. May 4 and 6, requested to make application at the Registrar’s office. Those with previous experience at legibtration or in other clerical
jobs are given preference.
- STONE.
WAA Members: All gins interested in attending State Play Day at Terre Haute
April 18, sign up in gym today.
—HENNI3
Christian Foundation: Animal
Banquet will be Friday. April 10, from (■iir, until 8;.)(l n. m. at the cliureli. Tickets are 36 cenks and may be obtained from Jean Wolfe. Bettv Ruth Drake, .leanelte
Pnrkei, or Herschel Kilgore.
—JOHNSON
Camera Club: Members taking photoglopliy course, Inli. on printing and enlarging will be hold Saturday, April 11, at 1:30 p. m. in dark room 36.
—TKUICBLC^OD
All Students: Students who expect to cliange fioni one sclinol witliiii the Universitv to another at the end of the present semester are advised to olitaiii the necessary blanks at once from tile Kegi.strar’s oCfieo. —STONE Military Code Instruction : Men wlio qn.ilifieil at (>-w-p-m or better and desire a ci'Vliticate to tliat effeet siionld contact I.t, Burkhart in Inslruclors Room of Armory.
—BURKHART
TKA Pledges: Test will be held on vonuired miitcrinl Saturday^ April 11, at 1:16 p. m. in room 30'J of the Union.
—OSTRANDER
Glider Club: r..,_,tiiig postponed until Thursday, April 16. Election of olTicers will lie held at this meeting.
-CASSEE
Freshman Engineers: Meet for engineer-
ing lectures Saturday, April 11, at 8 a. m.
in tlie Music Hall. —KNAPP Catholic Students: A number of students
are wanti'd for the Catholic summer camp.
Those intcresteii cull 2601. —BROCH Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 1:30 Fridnv, April 10 in room 301 of tile Union Imporlaiil discus-sion will be held.
-F. r,AU
A. Ph. A.: F. D. Stoll will speak before members of the Student Branch at regular meeting nt 4 p. m. on Friday, April 10, in room 311 of tho Pharmacy Building. —MULVEY Student War Council: Meet-ng Saturday, April 11, nt 1 p. m. in the Student Senate OlHce. New members please attend.
—DIBOS
Exponent: There will be a meeting of the Junior EditurinI men Friday, April 10, at 1:16 in the olfice. —BROPHY Reamer Club: Meeting Monday, April 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union and formal initiation nt 6 p. m. Banquet Sunday, April 12. Meet Saturday night in usual place, nt usual time, and for usual thing. —RUFFNER Water Ballet Group: Bullet practice for WAA penny ciirnival will be held Friday at 4, Sunday nt 10 p. m., and Monday at 4. The following will please report: A. Waterbury, R. easier, M. Flcager, B. Harrison, P. Amtrim, P. Hembricks, J. Browne, S. Johnson, W. Talmer, M. Smith, M. Graves. —JOHNSON Archery Tournament: All persons interested in competing in iill-eampus archery tournament please attend tho meeting of the Archery Club next Monday, April Kl, in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. -FREYMAN Men’s Fencing Tourney: The following men will please, report at the Fieldiiouse between 4 and 6 p. m. Monday, April 13, to complete the fencing tournament. Failure to report will result in a forfeit— R. J. Bryant, L. D./Aclieson, .1. E. Cummings. E. H. Scliwcnker, D. H. Greene, L. A. Wheeler, Ray Larson. —OAKES Gold Peppers: Pienie Tuesday. April 14, at 6:00 p. m. Meet at women's gym and then go to the WAA eabin. In ease of rain the picnic will be held in the Pi Phi bum room. Please notify either Gail Hennks, Faith Wayne, Becky Pervino, or Barbara Ford before Monday night if you cannot go.
—FORD
Pram Cummittce: Meeting will be Friday, April 10, in the Debris office at 7 p. m.
—BALL
Town (lirls Club: Picnic Saturday, 'April 25, at 3:30 p. m, in Happy Hollow, M^t in West Faculty Lounge before starting. Wi»se sign up nt west desk in Union by Mondi^, April 20. Bring 20 cents for food when you sign Up. —GRAVES Mixed Recreation: 7:30 to 10 Friday. April 10. in Memorial Gymnasium. Boja must wear gym shoes. —HARRISON PI Tail Sigma Pledges: Meeting Tuesday. April 14. nt 4:00 p. m. in ME Reading room. All pledges must be present.
—GREGORY
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, ail sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimoograph work done. C. J. Eftcrslioff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone Students: hour najms, smgie neds, innerspring mattresses, private bath, continuous hot water: summer rates. 206 Russell St. Phone 2407. Lost: Small blue zippered pocketbook between Southworth’s and Union. Call 66311.
Seniors! Subscribe to the Exponent!
GOOD PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Let* Money Ksne's Print Shop
401 S. 29th St.
phoae 5205
Seniors! ponent!
Subscribe to the Ex-
SPRIND EICHANTMINT
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE-PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Gluiiiorotis rOIIMAlli Prtmi DcUbcrnlely bonniifu) formnls . . . plnnneil lo iillrarl nrliiiiriiij' ejc.s to you iiloiii'. New cnibroiilcred iit'is, hiimIj clrilTons, riislling laces, prellv jersevs and crc|»c.‘< . . . ill all wliilc.s, bold IloraN and while, pastels and elieeks. You’ll viear the Kowu of vonr ehoiee sell'-assuretl, eonlidenl of your beautv . . . espeeiaih if il eouies from i’alais Itoial.
Buy Your ARUOW SHIRTS at dieJiAmiiu
We’ve llie right evening aeeeHHories In eoni|»lele llie pielnre.
Seniors! ponent!
Subscribe to the
are inlei osted in oblainiiii>’ thi8 tiainiinr tire uiyed to file aiiplitatioii tit once. Theta Xi a . . . social I'l aternify, aiiiiouiiecs the election of the following' officcr.s: picsidcnt, Robert Visin; vicepi csitlciU, Arthur Woods; treasurei, Janies Karn; first stewaid, Daniel MeLaughlin; second steward, Louis Fischei, and secietary, Edward A)
I Dr. A. M. Irion I —DENTIST — S 1191/2 Northwestern Are. g Phone 4965 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii?
Evening .Sainluls Enrmal Glnves Evening Bng.s Formal .Sliiis Eornial Priee.s Start at
S4.98 $1.98 .$2.98 .$1.98
Everything for a College Edneulion DEAC’S
"KEEP 'EM FLYING IS OPR gA'lTLK CRV Keep your elollies in ihe best of eoiidilioii by having Iheiii Crown Cleaned Kegularly. Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill