(Eht Purilue TSxfjanent
Read Daily By 5000 Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 30, 1937
NUMBER 143
Gala Week Aetivitie^ Open This Afternoon
Hundreds of alumni coming by automobiles, trains, and planes have already arrived for the 1937 Gala Week, which will be officially opened this afternoon at 1 o’dock when the many visitors begin registering at the Memorial Union Building. Starting at 1:30 b^clock the agriculture departments will
be open for ingpection while at
D. Paarlberg Wins Speech Convocation
Don l^aarlberg, a freshman on the Exponent staff, was ranked first in the English 14 convocation by more than 650 students attending the finals at Eliza Fowler Hall Wednesday night. Second place was won by B. H. Burns. Those presenting their proposed project to a hypothetical audience and their subjects were; B. H. Burns, “Sustained Yield Forestry;” B. L. Everett, ^Canned Profits;” M. Karnowsky, “Socialized Medicine;” J. E. Orr, ^‘Modernizing Prescription Departments;” D. Paarlberg, “Paving A Road;” and R. F. SJtiively, “Squattei^s Rights.”
Forestry Club Will Show Sound Picture
“The Plow That Broke The Plains,” a sound movie depicting the farmers that were encouraged by their government to plow lands that should never have been taken out of grass, will be shown at the regular bi-monthly meeting *)f t;he forestry club, to be held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall on Tuesday evening. May 6, at 7 ;80.
April 30, 1937 ONCE a certain professor in a German university, who was very punctilious in obseiwing the formalities of acaderhic life, was accustomed to lecture before his students attired in the cap and gown which he kept in a locker in the corner of his lecture room . . . —30— ONE day, before the hour appointed for the lecture, a group of students invaded the university zoological museum, and brought out a large stuffed baboon of almost human dimensions, dressed the animal in the professor’s spectacles from the drawer of his desk, and seated the animal at the professor’s lecturing table with a textbook open before it . . . —30— THE students then retired to their respective seats, awaiting the ex pected confusion of their worthy Procter... UPON entering the room, however, the professor, taking in the situation at a glance, remarked with a smile, “Gentlemen, I am delighted to see that you have at last found a teacher so well suited to your intellectual ability.” -SOSEEN in a recent newspaper: “Mrs. George Hell, of Des Moines, was granted a divorce from her husband today with alimony” ... Now there’ll be Mrs. Hell to pay . . . —30— ANOTHER of these “slide-rule wizards,” this one from Northwestern, has discovered that rain—carbon dioxide and water, as it strikes the limestone buildings on the campus, will dissolve the' structures in 72,uC0 years. —30— JOHN Paul, dance chairman at the University of Kansas, lacked taxi fare to the Junior Prom, so he called police headquarters, and asked for an escort to the Union Building, using the excuse that he had the money for 200 tickets and wanted protection ... he got the ride, but had a little difficulty hunting up something that looked like a money-bag before the officers ar rived . . .
2 o’clock the wom^n visitors will have an opportunity to visit the Home Economics Building. The men are invited, too* Open house will continue through the afternoon in the science school, military department, pharmacy department, Women Residence Halls, Cary Hall, and in the University anrport. The engineering schools, the physics department, and the chemistry department will be open to the visitors tonight. ! Dinners Dinners galore will be in store for the alumni tonight and tomorrow with the various class dinners being held tonight in the Union Building. Major John L. Griffith, czar of Western Conference athletics, will be the main speaker at tonight’s “P” Men’s banquet, which will be held at 6:30 in the Home Economics Building. Tomorrow’s feature will be the cornerstone laying of the new Fieldhouse. At 1:45 Spots Emrick and his All-American Band will start a 15 minute concert, immediately
after which Larry Downs, president of the Illinois Central Railroad, will act as master of ceremonies for the cornerstone laying festivities. Class Parade Following this the annual senior class parade will start from the site of the Fieldhouse and continue to the Ross-Ade Stadium where at 3:15 the Varsity vs. Frosh football game will furnish the entertainment for the crowd. To Honor EUiott Tomorrow night President Charles E. Elliott will be honored at a banquet in the Union Building at 6. The dinner is being given in appreciation of the President’s 16 years of outstanding service at the University. Seniors may attend this loyalty banquet. “Red” Maxfield and his band will furnish the music for the closed alumni-senior dance to be held in the Union ballroom at 9 p. m. Gala Week activities will close on Sunday with open house being observed at President and Mrs. Elliott’s home, at the homes of the faculty, and at the fraternity and sorority houses.
Wergin Wins Smith Trophy
Cadet Colonel James R. Wergin is the winner of first place in tbp Albert Smith Trophy competition, and will receive a sabre as first prize. Cadet Colonel James M. Baker and Cadet Lieut. Colonel E. W. Anderson won second and third places in the contest, and will also receive sabres. Colonel Albert Smith, formerly of the engineering staff of the University, offers three officer’s sabres to members of the class in senior tactics who submit the three best solutions to a minor tactics problem.
Band To Broadcast Sunday On WOWO
Purdue’s Military Band of 136 pieces will broadcast a concert over WOWO, Fort Wayne radio station, Sunday from 6:00 to 6:30 p. m., as a, concluding feature of Gala Week. The concert will begin immediately after the conclusion of the baccalaureate sermoiL"to the 1937 graduates. This broadcast has been especially designed for the alumni and the friends of the University who can not attend the Gala Week celebration.
Sigma Nu Pledging
Sigma Nu fraternity announces the pledging of Joseph M. Williamson, Morocco.
Wives To View Tower Theater Plays While Husbands Attend Stag Banquet
For all wives, sweethearts, and friends who cannot attend the alumni stag party tonight, E. B. Baugh, alumni committee chairman, has arranged a special Tower Theater program at 9 o’clock tonight. Tower Theater, a recent dramatic organization, produces plays Which are staged, directed, and acted entirely by students. “Shadow House,” directed by Don Muller, was written by Gilbert Dunbar Williams of the University English department. “Gibbs” wrote the play for radio piresentation, and adapted it to the stage. “They That Mourn,” by Grant Wood, noted American painter, is directed by Milo Eaton. Jack Allen gives a remarkable portrayal of an old man. Fans who meet him aft-
erwards (with flowOrs at the stage door) are surprised at his matinee idol beauty. The third play, “Experiment,” won the Southworth Script trbphy. “Experiment,” by Art Radkey, is the only student written play that will be presented tonight. Bernard Everett, Jerry Ciral, Shirley Yonover, Mariana Wilson, and Jim Huffman are other Tower Theater Players who will help with the program for the feminine contingent of the Gala Week visitors, both tonight and tomorrow night at 9 o’clock in the Tower Room of the Memorial Union Building. Tickets, priced at 25 cents each, can be obtained at the door or at the Union desk.
Seniors Hear
Marital Talk
Charles H. Robertson spoke on “Some Legal Aspects Of Marriage” yesterday in Fowler Hall before a mixed group of seniors. Students were given the opportunity for a discussion on many points covered by the speaker. The talk was the third in a series of five marital lectures to be given this semester. The next lecture will be on May 6 when Dr. T. B. Rice, of the Indiana University school of medicine, Indianapolis, speaks on “Marriage From The Viewpoint Of A Man Physician.” This lecture, and also the final lecture of the semester will be held in the large lecture room of the Education Building and is open to senior men only.
High School Day Features Shop Work
With a record entry of drawing, woodwork, and shop projects from 22 high schools competing for individual and state awards, the annual industrial arts and vocational industrial round-up will be held here today in connection with the annual “high school day.” In the afternoon. Dean A. A. Potter, of the schools of engineering, will address the gathering on “Plan Your Future,” and students of electrical engineering will be in charge of a demonstration of the Tesla high voltage coil.
Agronomy Club Plans Picnic
Plans for the all-Agronomy Club picnic are rapidly being completed. The picnic will be held Saturday afternoon, May 16, at the Soils and Crops Farm east of the city and is open to all Agronomy students and faculty. Tickets for the picnic are priced at 30 cents for the faculty and 25 cents for students. Transportation will be provided for those desiring it. A varied program has been arranged including baseball and hbrse shoe pitching.
“Just a Gigilo, but we make the dough,” is the theme song of the five men students at the University of Oklahoma who have organized a society, and escort dateless co-eds for 26 cents an hour plus Expenses.
WSGA Names
14 Chairmen
Betty Ann Stewart, president of W. S. G. A., announced yesterday the committee chairmen appointed at thp Wednesday night executive board meeting.
Chairman of the activities committee for next year will be Margaret Jones; of the officer committee, Florence Merriell; social committee, Betty Elstun and Betty Jo Sexton; vocational guidance committee, Dorothy Martenet; elections and posters committee, Jean Janousek; residence committee, Mary Alice Learning; freshman orientation, Georgianna Huber; studentfaculty relations, Peggy Hamilton; transfer students committee, Louise Bain; and parliamentary procedure, Margaret Richey.
Virginia Slocum has been appointed 1937-38 chairman of the judicial board. Virginia Kungel and Martha Moorhead were appointed to'fill vacancies in the board. June Denny/ Florence Hesteil, and Peggy Hamilton will continue as members of the board.
Home Economics Students Already Have Positions
The home economics department announced yesterday that several students who will be graduated in June have already accepted positions and will begin wbrk after graduation. Ellen Mann and Lillian Kerkhoff, who are specializing in institution management, have been appointed apprentice food managers beginning in/ September, Miss Mann at the Betsy Barbour Hall and Miss Kerkhoff at the Mosher-Jordan Hall. Both halls are located at the Unit versity of Michigan.
Marion Winterrowd, who is specializing in clothing and textiles, will begin work in September at the Carson Pirie Scott and Company in Chicago. Rebecca Thornbrough has accepted a position with the Indiana Public Service to begin immediately after graduation. Miss Thornbrough is specializing in Institution Management.
Says Henry Schriver, member of the championship apple judging team at Ohio State University: “Judging an apple is like judging a beautiful woman; if they are all wrinkled or if they do not have the right color they are no good for show purposes.”
Today’s Gala Week Program
1:00 p. m, 1:30 p. m
2:00 p. m 3:00 p. m
Registration, luncheon and banquet ticket sales, Union Building. Ag Open House until 4:00 p. m. Tours start at Horticulture Building. •Home Ec Open House. -Baseball—^Indiana vs. Pqrdue, compliments Athletic Department. Tennis—Michigan vs. Purdue, compliments Athletic Department. '' ■Class dinners arranged by secretaries of reunion classes. ■ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL “P” MEN’C CLUB BAN-
QUET.
7:00 p.m.—Campus Open House until 10:30 p. m., shops and labs in
operation. Mixed Recreation, Girls’ Gym. •Ag Reception, Rooms 1 and 2, Union Building.
■Tower Theatre Producetion—^Union Tower. 1907 Class,
Thirtieth Anniversary Smoker—^Elks Club.
6:00 p. m 6:30 p. m
8;00 p. m, 9:00 p. m
Downs To Seal Football
Movie In Cornerstone
When Larry A. Downs, chairman of the alumni heldhouse committee fund, seals the cornerstone of the new combination fieldhouse and gymnasium, he will be preserving, for the enlightenment of humanity 100 years or more in the future, a veritable cross section of Purdue athletics. Although the com-
lete
plans pertaining to the
subject matter to be interred, have not been fixed, the articles already placed on the list will well cover Purdue’s athletic history for the last few years. The outstanding article to be put in the cornerstone Saturday will be a talking picture of the PurdueFordham football game, which took place at New York, N. Y., during
the last football season.
Other articles on the list already are: letters from President Elliott and other persons connected with the Fieldhouse construction; different Alumnus magazines, containing articles of interest; a Purdue catalogue of the present time; and other documents concerning the Field-
house and Purdue in general.
EngineersHear Alumnus Talk
On Graduates
“Keep your eyes and ears open and your mouth pretty well closed; open it when you’re pretty sure you have something to say,” was the advice given last night by H. C. Blackwell, M. E. ’02, in his talk, “Suggestions For An Enginering Graduate” at the second annual All-Engineer ing Honorary Banquet given in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. ' Utilities President Blackwell, who is the president of the Union Gas and Electric Company of Cincinnati, O., discussed his early experiences in choosing a line of engineering and pointed out the difference in the method of getting a job today and in his day. Concluding his talk with a discussion of the experiences of the Cincinnati utilities companies during the recent fiood, Blackwell exhibited several slide pictures of flood conditions to demonstrate his points. Introduction The speaker was introduced by Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering at the University, who called attention to Blackwell’s achievements in his line. The toastmaster and chairman of the affair was E. G. Greber.
Purdue 4H Members
Will Attend Camp At W ashington, D. C.
Three students in the agriculture school will represent Indiana at the eleventh annual national 4-H Club camp at Washington, D. C., June 17-23. All three have made outstanding records in club work according to Dr. Z. M. Smith, state club leader. Max Skinner, Lafayette rural route 6, sophomore, has won state fair honors, and has also shown stock at the International Exposition. Lowell Hardin of Knightstown, sophomore, has won high pig, potato and sheep honors. Marietta Johnson of Gaston, a freshman, has enrolled in 30 projects, including four years of junior leadership.
University
Throws Doors OpenT o Public
For Full Day
Throwing open its doors to the alumni, other visitors, and the public in general, the University will endeavor tb show tangible evidence this afternoon and tonight, of what it is accomplishing, and of what it hopes to accomplish in the near future. At 1 p, m. the ag campus will welcome the visitors. Plants growing without the aid of soil will be one of the many exhibits that
will be shown at the Horticulture Building. Ag Exhibits Purdue’s grand champion steers, barrows, and fat wethers will be shown at the animal husbandry’s exhibit, while the poultry department will show the development of chicks from the time growth begins until the chicks are hatched. Open house will be observed in the Home Economics Building starting at 2 p. m. and continuing all through the afternoon. The Pharmacy Building and its laboratories will open for inspection during the course of the afternoon.
The Armory, the Airport, the Biology Building, the Women’s Residence Hall, and Cary Hall complete the list of the buildings that will be open this afternoon. Mysteries Solved Such mysteries as the photographing of the parts of the body by X-rays, the making of liquid air, the method of getting potentials up to 600,000 volts, and many others, will be solved tonight as the engineering schools, the physics department, and the chemistry department open their doors to all who wish to come. WBAA, the television laboratory, and the practical mechanics department will also give demonstrations of their various fields tonight.
Giant Drum
Returns Home
Alpha Zeta Pledging
Alpha Zeta, all-agriculture scholastic honorary, has announced the pledging of five men. These men are K. Freese, D. U. Catron, J. C. Dibble, J. W. Scatterday, and R. C. Ziegler.
INSTRUCTIONAL STAFF
In order that the alumni may may be provided with competent guides, all seniors are excused froffi classes on Saturday morning. May 1. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT* Freaideiift
Completely overhauled and now mounted on a newly painted gold and black Chevrolet truck, Purdue’s mighty drum returned home last night from the Leedy Drum Corporation in Elkhart. The truck has been secured through the cooperation of H. H. Homer, local automobile dealer and former member of the band. Diamonds, made of paralin, a recently discovered finish, surround the shell, which is brilliantly colored in gold and black. The drum and its motorized mount will be on display at the H. H. Homer Chevrolet Co., in Lafayette, for a limited time before its trip to the Kentucky Derby parade next Wednesday.
Reamers Sponsor Moying Pictures
Tickets for moving pictures to be shown at the Mars and Theaters May 7 and 8, are now be- ’ ing sold by members of the Reamer Club for the purpose of obtairdng funds for supporting minor sports and athletics. Any ticket is good at either theater on either May 7 or 8. “Whon Love Is Young’* will be shown at the Mars on both days, while a big double feature, “Let’s Get Married” and “Call It A Day,” is scheduled to show at the Luna. L. O. Buxton, Reamer president, urges all students who intend to go to the theater on those days to buy tickets from Reamer Club members, as a commission will be paid to ^ club only on tickets sold outside the box office.
s’H A
^;
.ri
V?
'-A
Hr•1%
fi '' ill.
' '
THE TtmpHE iiiHONENT
IBS!
».l
;''' ."'" '^1'1^" 'l":,-l'^'‘ ''''’,|'-;"^Frife/Aril”W198^
IKf^t ^urbue exponent
Paanded ia 1B88
• I
Batered as second class matter at the post office, Lafaye^, Indian^ Delivered ^ —■it. $8.C0 per year; delivered hy carrier, $2.50 per yewi 8old by a Bingle caB2t 2^ceDl^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Bnslneas Phone 6088
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
EDITORIAL BOARD OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, ehainnan; Helen Creech, B, H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
..E. H. Morris
5SSS2tlfEdlto?^..„lR/A:Bainetk jTeb;;^ J « Sophomore Assistants w W. M. Anthoiv, D, A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R. Clark ® L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stsnback, D. R. Vance
E H. KelloBe. K. E O’Neil
Bold and Black Editor.— J- C- Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manaser National Advertisinc Manager— Local Advertteing Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants
....Jh J. Hulse ..E H. Brown
C. MiUer
rZw. J.'GiUilan, E E Hensler, M, C. ^ves
jr. P. Girard
...F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swain
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors..
..E D. Wood
.jg a BHfl’dd, S. E Griffiths, E F. Obenchain
Issue Editor—D. L. Olson
Pause Before Proceeding The average student who received personnel blanks of his friends yesterday, just sat down and ran through the list without pausing to read the introductory paragraphs. All he cared about was giving his friends ratings that will look favorable to employers who come to the University. Such an attitude may help some students to obtain jobs, but it will npt help them hold the jobs, and it certainly is not fair to the personnel system. Nor is it sound training for the student who is doing the rating. Perhaps he will some day be a business executive whose success depends upon his ability to choose men, and then, being greatly prejudiced in favor of his friends, will be a handicap. To any students who have not yet filled out these personnel blanks we suggest that before doing so they consider the personnel system in its entirety, the number of students for whose benefit it, operates, and that they then proceed to rate their friends as they would if they were employing them.—^R. P. M.
Fraternity Enrollment During the depression years the most serious situation that the fraternity faced was the problem of finding enough members to fill the house. Today, with an increased enrollment and money much more plentiful that it has been for several years, the fraternity faces a different, but just as serious problem, namely, overcrowding. This problem and the possible evils it might present are confined almost exclusively to the larger houses on the campus. The fraternity, as everyone knows, should be something more than a place to board. Its primary purpose is to take the place of the home while the student is at school. All of its members should have common ideals, and they should act together as a single cooperative unit in order to be successful. Let us see what has taken place in the last few years. About three years ago the nation was still feeling some of the effects of financial difficulties, and few fraternities had to worry about having too many members. During the following year conditions were much better, and the larger fraternities had an average of about sixty members enrolled. Last year fraternity enrollmWts jumped up to seventy in some of the larger houses; there are very few houses on this campus that can house more than forty-five members. This means that approximately twenty or twenty-five of the members live outside of the house. With the members out of contact with each other in this way there is a tendency for many different cliques to form, and the fraternity no longer acts as a single unit. When this happens both the individuals and the fraternity suffer. It may be that these larger fraternities have now reached the enrollment that they had set as their goal, and will stop increasing; if so there is little cause to worry about overcrowding. On the other hand, if these fraternities have been increasing their membership without considering what l^arm a larger membership might bring, and they continue to increase at the same rate that they have been recently, the fraternity will become just another place to board, and really have no reason for existance.—R. A. S.
Art For Art’s Sake To the Exponent: I wish to make a public dissertation on the esthetic perfection of the campus. It was, no doubt, laid out according to the plans of some very good landscape men. These men worked very hard to design a beautiful campus for us, so that we might enjoy it. They spared no expense to produce such a wonderous place. They used red brick lavishly—almost to the point of recklessness. And concrete—is there anything more beautiful than concrete? Not content with all that, they put in rows of trees. Nicely trimmed trees, too—most of them look as though they had just come out of a barber shop. Nice broad straight sidewalks, in fact almost anything that could contribute to giving us a more beautiful campus, we have. Of course, we must overlook the facts that they slipped up, and some of the caretakers let ivy grow all over Stanley Coulter Hall, and that the new Executive Building is not uniform and square like the rest of the buildings on the campus, but everyone is entitled to miss once in a while. Then students came. These students worked' among themselves to build up some very important student organizations. These organizations elect officers once a year, and there is great rivalry among the candidates. To win the election, the candidates will do anything- to curry favor with the student body. All this is just as it should be. However, I do not believe that the candidates should have to do quite all that they deem necessary. I can not believe that they should have to go to all the expense and trouble of further beautification of the campus. I think that since our campus is already so lovely, and since the maintenance men are doing as well as they are, that the students are over-reaching themselves just a little when they imagine that they must please the rest of us with their artistic taste in the science of painting. Particularly when they extend themselves to the extreme of emblazoning their names all over our spacious concrete sidewalks. I can not help but feel that they are putting themselves out unnecessarily. —^lam Againstit.
Famous First Lines .... Wimmin quite often possess superior talents but their genius lays in their pashuns.—T. B Local chatter by CHUCK DOLE gives one to believe that party of the first part won’t give up POWER HOUSE SMITH as easily as all of that ... in spite of that book carryin’ episode,) he isn’t a FISH, or is he . . . BILL McNAUGHTON, the prominent GREEK GAMES HORSE to us’s now, pitched a little woo with MARY WEISBACH Monday night at the airport to accomplish putting out his pin for the evening . . . the plumbers can call themselves sanitary engineers, undertakers can say morticians, and “HANKIE CRAIG” tacks on his shingle “BASEBALL KNOCKER-OUTER” number one, but no one ever pays any attention to him ... GEORGIANNA BAKER can’t seem to hook her man (?) GRAHAM and just can’t go back to FREDDIE WRIGHT ... her onetime PROM DATE ... SOMEBODY PLEASE TELL HER A SOLUTION . . . the belle of the sweet shoppe TANNY (Phi Gam forever)
Show Motion Picture ■ ‘Steel’ This Afternoon “Steel” is the title of the industrial picture to be shown this afternoon in the lecture room of the Michael Golden Shops at 4 o’clock. Sound effects will accompany the film which is a new release by the Bethlehem Steel Company. It is jointly sponsored by the AIChE and the Catalyst Club, and is open to all interested persons.
Two Extension Workers Study Purdue Methods R. W. Shoffner and J. W. Criswell, of the North Carolina Agricultural Extension Service at Raleigh, were on the Purdue campus last Wednesday. They were on a tour of the middle western agricultural colleges to study extension methods. Criswell is in charge of farm management extension work, and Shoffner has charge of the TVA in North Carolina.
ARC
FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Rex Bell
“West of Nevada” —and— Claire Trevor and Cesar Romero in “15 Maiden Lane” —also— Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
SPRING, is positively not going to their (meaning said frat) dance With KARL MUELLER ... UN DERTAKERS please note . . . ke asked PI PHI DOTTIE BRYANT, two days before the break with the immortal . . . R. B. W. (whoever that is) says, quote, “THE PHI G’s MAY BE HAYSEEDS, BUT ONCE IN A WHILE ONE OF THEM GETS OFF A GOOD ONE. CONGRATULATION, MUELLER AND BRYANT” . . . unquote . . . JOE MINER, of the PHI DELT EMPORIUM, spent last week-end in study ... a statement not startling to those that don’t know, but con elusive ta’ MEM ’n us as do . . how’s about it MEM? . . . JUGHAID STANBACK, the MADAM SHANK of the D. U. house, had to be pulled ^v/ay from the THETA’s front step last Tuesday night . a serenade and JUGHAID didn’t show up till two sororities later . . the THETAS here at PURDUE are PIKERS . . . why—^the gals at DEPEW are about' 60 in number, 26 have local pins, 6 have out of town pins, and of the 19 or 20 left, 16 are going steady ... good ole PERDUE THETA XI METTLING, fish from way back when, got an import for PROM, drove her down from FORT WAYNE, got there about 1 o’clock, she was tired, so retired about four, no date next day, dance next night and got POPPED in the PUSS for no reason at all, drove her home and hasn’t seen hide nor hair since . . . DON TERRIO has a date this week-end, and so does DEAN LEWIS but . . . quoting no names, KIM says somebody won’t, ’er somtin ... In the spring, ,a young man’s fancy lightly turns from thoughts of LO'VE to thoughts of LOVE’n back, and the SWEET SHOPPE is as bare as SALLY RAND’S .... two weeks ago . . . 0 CLEAN STUFF: PI PHI-PHI GAM trade dinner Wednesday night.. PI PHI STATE DANCE last Saturday . . . MUD . CHI 0 dance tonight .... n’ by the way, only YE DIGNIFIED SENIORS and ALUMS can attend the dance this Saturday so don’t be a’gittin’ a date fer’t . . . GALA WEEK starts today and MIKE MURPHY, world famous stunt flier, and a CERTAIN PURDUE COED’S HEART throb’puts on a show Sunday .... OPEN HOUSE at W.R.H. an I’ll see ya there . . . Let us pray . . . AMEN . . .
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicKty
“The ayes have it—emotion carried and passed.”
The KNIGHTS OF THE DOG HOUSE” and LADIES . . .eds note (if possible) is waiting for your contrib MARS PASSES to the WINNAH ... so help me . . . FAMOUS LAST LINES: What did she mean she’s trying to avoid “TRENCH MOUTH” KIM . .
MaiiI
MIDNITE PREVIEW SATURDAY 11:30
Family TODAY — SATURDAY 2 First Run Hits
Bob Livingston in HDEIttofTHi —^Plus II
«
JUNE TRAVIS PICK PURCELL
w/t/i LOUIS HAYWARdI * i RKO.RADIO PICTURE'I Regular Engagement Starts Sunday
Good Seats Available Mat.—50c, 75c Eve.—50c, 75c, $1.10 Including Tax
Box Office Open Daily at 11:00 A. M. Phone 7903 for Reservations
TODAY — SATURDAY
\ TORTURING! tACKETEXI ... at the Hs.k of a victim’s I life!... An (astounding I revelation!
wHh iCHESTER MORRIS LEO CARRILLO HELEN MACK THOMAS MITCHELL
Plus Second Big Feature
with Karen Morley
TODAY — SATURDAY Double Feature
The inside story of why that famous D. A. turned mobster’s mouthpiece!
FULL SPEED AHEAD! Climb aboard the Paradise Express! The throttle’s wide open—and you’re headed for dynamite thrills!■jraiwt:1fiiffii>:-
Purdue Baseball Squad Meets IndiaUa Today
Purdue’s eight event Gala Week athletic program will be launched here this afternoon as the Boilermaker baseball nine launches its Big Ten season against Indiana in the first tilt of a two-game home series, while, the tennis team jumps into conference competition against Michigan. The two-day sports
card, which adds considerably
to the attractiveness of the general Gala Week program for returning alumni, will alfeo be highlighted by the cornerstone ceremonies at the new fieldhouse and men’s gymnasium tomorrow afternoon. Pitching Ghoices Either Bob Rosser, veteran right hander, or Arnold Bredewater, a promising sophomore, are expected to draw the pitching assignment in the first of the four games scheduled between Hopsierdom’S Big Ten rivals this season. For Indiana, Co-Gapt. Babe Hosier or Bob Adler are the likely pitching nominations. Hounded by the weather man so far this season, the tennis team will be decidedly an unknown quantity as it opens activities in a Big Ten tussle with the Wolverines. Gapt. Wakefield, Traylor, and Gardner are expected to draw the first three singles assignments, with the other man selected from Mann, Jackson, or Brodsky. Golf Added Purdue’s program of Gala Week festivities increased to eight today with the announcement from Coach Jack Bixler that arrangements have been completed for a dual golf meet with DePauw tomorrow on the links of the West Lafayette Country
Club.
The complete schedule of the Gala Week “eight ring” athletic circus follows: Friday 3:00—Baseball, Purdue vs. Indiana.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DK. PAUL A. KISK DK. HABOLD J. BIBK DK. XOBKRT 6. KOIK DR. LUTHBB A. RISK
400 Schnlta Bldg. Phons S701
4:00—Tennis, Purdue vs. Michigan. 6:30—International ‘P’ Men’s Club banquet. Saturday 10:00—Baseball, Purdue vs. Indiana 10:00—Tennis, Michigan vs. Iowa. 12:30—Track, Purdue vs. Illinois. 2:00—Cornerstone Ceremonies at the Field House. 3:00—Football, Freshmen vs. Var-
sil^.
3:00—Tennis, Purdue vs. Iowa. A. M. and P. M.—Golf, Purdue vs. DePauw.
STANDINGS
—National League-
St. Louis .......
Won
........ 6
Lost
1
Pet. .857
Pittsburgh ....
.......V 5
1
.833
New York ....
........ 4
2
.666
Philadelphia ..
4
3
.571
Brooklyn
3
4
.428
Boston
3
5
.375
Cincinnati
1
5
.166
Chicago ..........
........ 1
6
.142
Yesterday’s Results New York, 9; Brooklyn, 0. St. Louis, 6; Cincinnati, 1. Pittsburgh, 6; Chicago, 5.
innings).
Boston, 6; Philadelphia, 4.
innings).
(13
(11
—American LeagueWon Lost New York 5 Cleveland 4 Detroit 3 Philadelphia 3 Boston 2 Chicago 2 St. Louis 2 Washington 1
Pet. .833 .666 .600 .600 .500 .500 .285 .142
Yesterday’s Results NeW York, 4; Washington, 2. Chicago, 12; St. Louis, 0. Cleveland, 12; Detroit, 3.
FLOWERS For All Occasions
•DANCES • GIFTS •REMEMBRANCES
You will be well pleased with the distinctive corsages and the quality of service you receive from ,
ROTH’S
635 MAIN
LUNA THEATRE BLDG. Dial 7955
Ladies MiST-O-SILK Raincapes. Pure silk. Waterproof. No rubber—all colors. $1.98 ^ '
CREPE CHARMANT Slips. Four-gore, lace trim and tailored models. Shadow panel guaranteed seams. Tea rose and white. $1.00.
SATIN CHARMANT Slips. Represents luxury at moderate cost. Lace trim and tailored styles. Tea rose and white. $1.98
TRIQUE STRIPE Slip. Brassiere-top, shadow panel, tailored. Tea rose. $1.59
SUEDE DU RAY brassiere top slip, tailored. 45-in. length, shadow panel. Tea rose and white. $1.25.
1 Underthings for Little Women. Slibs and Panties, Brassieres. Sizes 13-15-17. Especially styled for the petite miss.
Panties and Bloomers—all styles—tailored and lace trimmed. 59c-69c.
TAFFETA CHARMANT Slips. Tailored and lace trimmed. Four-gore, shadon^ panel, guarantee^ seams. 32-44, Tea rose and white. $1.00
Thieme & Wangerin
WEST SIDE SQUARE
f
relder’s.,.. ....choice MMiBy Bob Walpelea
The sporting events for the weekend start rplling today with increasing speed until every spring major and minor sport has contributed toward the Gala Week festivities . . . baseballi, trade, tennils, golf, and football ... .—fc— Coach Dutch Fehring will send his nine against Indiana this afternoon . . . the Boilermakers jiiave started two games at home and won both of them . . . however, Indiana wil bring her hard-hitting crew in an effort to not only bust the so far perfect Boilermaker home record, but to try and even up the score for the year between the two schools . . . —fc—
Purdue and Indiana tied at 20 all in football . . . Purdue pinned the Hoosier ears back in both basketball games so a couple of victories would help to settle the Cream and Crimson’s conscience . . . but donT think for a minute that Dutch is going to let his outfit hand the games to the Bloomington outfit On a silver platter .... —^fc— Today’s starting pitcher in all probability will not be announced until just before game time,, ... rain and wet weather all through the week has given the Old Gold and Black hurlers their necessary rest, so most anyone will be able to take the starting assignment .... ■ —felt is rumored that the Betas are provoked over an occasional comment ... Ohaver admits that he is a lily . . . why not face the facts, and look at it in the Ohaver light . ... or can’t you take it . . .
Greeks Schedule Spring Formals During Gala Week
Chi Omega'sorority will have its spring formal tonight in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 12. Louis Schilling and his band will play. A formal dinner for members of the chapter and their escorts will precede the dance, Louis Schilling and his band will furnish the music for the Kappa Alpha Theta spring formal to be held at the chapter house from 9 to 12 tomorrow night. Members of Theta Xi fraternity will dance to the music of Johnny Ammerman and his band at the Theta Xi spring formal tomorrow night from 9 to 12 at Allens’ ballroom. Bud Bryant and his band will play for the Delta Tau Delta spring dance to be held from 9 to 12 this evening at the chapter house. Members of Alpha Gamma Rho will dance to the music of Pat Clinton and his band at their spring formal to be held this evening from 9 to 12 at Duncan Hall. '
FRATERNITY “A” DOUBLES
—TODAY— Phi Delta Theta ys, Alpha Kappa Lambda. Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Beta Theta Pi vs. Delta Tau Delta Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Acacia vs. Theta Xi. Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Upsilon. Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Sigma Nu vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Tau Omega.
Continued Rains Keep Wabash Up
Because of the continued rains the Wabash River has reached a stage of 15.7 feet, 1.2 feet above flood stage, it was announced yesterdaji^ by the University weather authorities. The peak was reached yesterday morning, and since then the river has remained at this stage It is expected that the river ^ will begin to recede today.
Greeks Prepare To Compete In Track Meet Next Week :
With the galloping Greeks dusting off their track equipment and getting the kinks but of their muscles after sitting in class rooms for weeks, the atmosphere begins to take on that aspect which is always apparent a few days before the In-ter-Fraternity track meet. Cinders will be flying as the fleetfooted fraternity men take possession of Ross-Ade Stadium on Tuesday and Wednesday of next vveek. With eight events taking place on both days the Stadium should be the scene oT plenty of activity. Additions and changes will be allowed on the entry blanks, which are due in the Intramural office by May 3, during the meet this year. Trophy Given To the winning fraternity will jgo a track trophy, while medals will be awarded to all the men competing on the, winning team. The restriction regarding the number of men from a fraternity to participate in an event is ; that only two men will be allowed to enter a single event, except in the relay. A list of 25 men who are ineligible for intramural track may be found posted on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gymnasium. .
Phi Kappa Sigs Win Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament
Finishing the last round of the inter-fraternity golf last Friday, the results on the records at the Intramural office show that Phi Kappa Sigma carried off first place with an average score of 43.1. Coming in second was Sigma Nu with 44.9, followed by Phi Gamma Delta, 45.5; and Phi Delta Theta, 45.6. Altogether eight mass groups turned in the final scores of all the men required to participate. By virtue of their taking first place, the Phi Kappa Sigma’s will be given a trophy and all team members will receive medals.
Dr. Elliott Speaks In Browsing Room
By Ruth Hallstein “Only loafers have time to become cultivated” said Dr. Elliott, in addressing an audience of 75 persons on the subject, “Books I Shall Keep,” in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building last night. “That,” he went on to say, “is why the Greeks were the most cultivated people of their day. They lived on a slave economy.” Learning is apt to result in intolerance or fanaticism, or may be turned into the channel of a great crusade. A fiye-pound book collection consisting of the following books was so selected by President Elliott because it was “What he was raised on.” The books are: “The New Testament.” “Humanizing of Knowledge,” by James Harvey. “Our Vital Reserves,” by William James. “The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius.” Four Essays by John Stewart Mills (“Liberty” and “Representative Government”). ' “Paracelsus,” by Robert Browning. “Hamlet,” by Shakespeare. “How Much Land Does A Man Need,” by Tolstoy. “Leaves of Grass,” by Walt Whitman. “Essay On Compensation,” by Emerson.
Ross To Help Choose Fund Officers
Elecetion of new officers^ of the Lafayette Community Fund for the coming year will take place at the annual meeting on May 3. The nominating committee consists of David E. Ross, chairman; Dr. Elliott, Henry Marshall, Sr., Gerry A. Mohlman, Bert Loeb, and John W, Walker. A celebration of the success of this year’s . Community Fund campaign will be held in the public square, April 27 at 7:30 p. m. Charles H. Robertson, president of the Community Fund will act as toastmaster^
ReformedT’ Men’s Qub rfi TT A Ti A 1 o Have l^irst Banquet
Purdue’s athletic stars of former years will join with the current crop of Boilermaker athletes tonight at 6:30 o’clock in the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building for the first annual banquet of the newly reorganized Intemation “P” Men’s Club. The gathering of lettermen will be addressed by
Major JoHn L. Griffiths, ath-
KKG BasebaU Squad Defeats Ward 1 And 4
Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority baseball team defeated ^ards 1 and 4, 17-4, in the baseball games held yesterday at 4 o’clock, while Ward 2 won from the team of Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi Delta sororities, with a score of 15 to 3.
Game Fishing Season Closes At Midnight
Virgil M. Simmons, commissioner of the Department of Conservation of Indiana, announced yesterday that game fishing, with the exception ^Of trout, will be illegal after midnight, tonight. The closed season, designed to protect ' bass, bluegills, croppies, perch, pike, arid red-eared sunfish during the spawning season, will last uritil June 16, and the open season for trout, which begins at midnight tonight, will continue until September 1.
BASEBALL
—TODAY— Diamond 1— -Ward 17-a vs. Wards. 2— Ward 11-x vs. Ward 11-a. 3— —Ward 2 vs. Ward 7-x. 4— Ward 9 vs. Ward 41. 5— Ward 15 vS. Ward 27. 10—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta.
letic commissioner of the Big Ten. Wheeler To Act As M. C. John W. Wheeler, assistant to the vice-president of the Burlingrton railroad, a former football star, will act as master of ceremonies for the evening. In addition to Major Griffith, among those who will be introduced during the evening vrill be President E. C. Elliott, David E. Ross, Noble E. Kizer, Don Powell, and Burr Swezey, president of the general alumni association. One of the features of the everiing will be the presentation to the major lettermen on last fall’s football squad of gold footballs in recognition of the Boilermaker victory in the finale of the unbroken series with Chicago.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF
Tournament starts Monday, May 3. Sign up on GjTn bulletin board, and pay your diritie (entry fee) in the Intramural OflSce. —CLE'i^TT.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N, 4th Lafayette
GUILTY---
* of Self Neglect
The sentence is heavy. . . . Saye yourself from Self Negligence. It's so easy to avoid—just drop in here and let us "Keep you looking well."
L
atbet
7
(Now Six Chairs) DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of Campuo—Contor of Activity
ilii®/
imwyu'fniiuipuj u
y
(■i ^^4'
'f. \ ifi},' *’ *■ »• 1'^'’^'^*'? ''^r'j«< -
h, ‘-i^ ' ’r
i; '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. April 36, 1937
Dy^on Speaks At ASME Open Meeting R. S. Dyson, special engineer of the Link Belt Company, spoke to the student branch of the ASME last night on the subject of “Sales Engineering.” A dinner was given in honor of Dyson by the student officers and honorary chairman of the student branch preceding the meeting, that was held in room 108 of the Mechanical Building at 7:30 p. m. Dyson, who only recently returned from South America, has spoken several tunes before on this campus on the subject of engineering sales The meeting was open to the public.
Flying, Glider Clubs To Hold Airport Dance The University Airport will be changed from an airport into a cabaret dance hall next Friday, May 7, when the Flying Club and Glider Club hold their annual Airport Dance. Along with the regular dancing attraction, refreshments and night flights will also be offered.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Grad Arrives Despite Storms Undaunted by a Minnesota blizzard, University minded Dean H. L. Bolley, ’88, and Mrs. Bolley drove triumphantly to the campus yesterday for Gala Week festivities. Even a South Dakota sand storm didn’t deter Dr. Bolley, head of the biology depai’tment at North Dakota State College, from his intent of attending Gala Week. Dr. Bolley is especially interested in the Field House, he said, because he played quarterback and end on the fii'st football team the University ever had. Dean Bolley is a proud “Old Grad” wh^ is amazed and pleased at the growth of his alma mater.
New Sorority, Pedalion Club, Organized Here Nine girls have, during the past winter, organized a local soi’ority on the campus known as the Pedalion Club. The organization has pledged eight new members. The pin worn by the members is a small helm pm centered with the Greek Pi. The group plans to live next year at the Barracks. The officers are: president, Jean Soehner; vice-president, Margaret Jones; secretary, Margaret Amsden; treasurer, Elizabeth Stewart; and rush chairman, Frieda Riechers.'
It*s An —
Added Attraction
quality bread and other bakery goods from GRAVES.
Graves’ Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
Engineer Will Display Exhibit Eor Open House In cooperation with the University Open House, the Purdue Engineer will have a display in the Electical Mechanics Building this evening. The exhibits will trace the development of the magazine through the stages of its production—original article to galley proof and the dummy sheet page proof to the finished magazine bound and addressed to the subscriber will be on display. Also to be shown are different types of cuts, samples of type and the history of photo-en-graving.
Farm Managers Will Confer Here Tuesday Managers of farms and superintendents of the state penal, correctional, and benevolent institutions will meet here May 4, to confer with the agricultural staffs on the various farm problems of the institutions. The meeting will open at 10 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, and will be followed in the afternoon by an inspection trip of the University farms. Particular attention will be given to poultry, dairy, hog, agronomy, and the horticultural problems. ’
Sigma Nu’s Annual State Dance Will Feature Tom Gentry’s Ambassadors More than 296 Sigma Nus and their dates will swell the Indianapolis Athenaem Saturday evening, May 1, to attend their annual state dance which will feature the rhythm of Tom Gentry 'and his Ambassadors. Featuring a galaxy of vocal and instrumental soloists, comedy, and sparkling novelties, with swing, this band, known as “Radio’s Royalty Of Rhythm” has played at some of the brightest nightspots in the entire country. Tom Gentry and his Ambassadors will play the following week at the Kentucky Derby in Louisville. For the occasion, the Athenaeum has been transformed into a veritable gold coast supper club. In addition to large groups of Sigma Nu alumni from the city and over the state, the five Indiana collegiate chapters will attend the dance en masse. Chairman Ross Barr announces a large number of reservation made far in advance of the dance and others coming in daily.
Laundry Py The Pound
A service that is used a great deal by Purdue students. Have us explain this ne\^ service
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Tennis Specials—Best quality restringing at special prices. Also offering some bargains in fine grade rackets. Phone 4784. Johnson.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Lost—One Acacia fraternity pin. Finder please call Chuck Callis. Number 3326.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
A. I. Ch. E. and Catalyst—Sound moving pictures in the lecture room of Michael Golden Shops at 4 p. m. April 30. —PFORZHEIMER.
Award Winners Co-Featured In ^‘The Good Earth
Luiee Kainer and Paul Muni are C04tarred in “The Good Barth," which will be shown as a roadebow production at the Mars theater today and Saturday, with two performaneee each day. The story is about Wang (Mr. Muni), 8 Chinese farmer, who married 0-L«n (Miss Rainer), a slave from “the big bouse," 0-Lan, to Wang’o slight discomfiture, is not very pretty, but she is a hard worker, a faiwul wife and a mother of sons. Wang
LUI8E RAINER AND PAUL MUNI rests content. The family prospers slowly on the land. > Then come years of drought. Wang hopes to stay on his land, but his family is starving. He goes south, as every one else does, and tries to earn money in the city. Luck is against him, until revolution breaks out. 0-Lan finds a bag full of jewels. Rains begin in the north again, and Wang and his family return to the land, now rich and able to buy more acres, able even to buy “the big house" from which 0-Lan came.
Wang now is a lord and a man of respect. Mrs. Buck’s novel has been faithfully adapted, not only In story, but also in background. There are scenes taken in China. Likewise a Chinese countryside has been reproduced in California. Everything has been done to make this drama as authehtic as l>ossible, as well as dramatic as possible. The two leading players, incidentally, are both winners of the awards given by the Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences,
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested in hiking to the W. A. A. Cabin meet in the Women’s Gymnasium May 1 at 2 :30 p. m. —CAMP^LL. Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until May 15. —PITTMAN.
Gold Peppers—Dinner for junior and senior Gold Peppers is postponed indefinitely. —SCUDDBR.
Scabbard and Blade—Spring initiates may obtain keys from me. —WEIGANDT.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN.
W. A. A. Baseball—Games April 30 at 4 p. m. In case of rain, the first game will be played in the Gym. Alpha Chi Omega vs. Wards 1 and 4; and Pi Beta Phi and Alpha Xi vs. Ward 3. —TOWNSEND.
Play Rehearsal—Audition rehearsal of the “The Three Of Us” April 30 at 5 p. m. in WBAA studios. Please be on time. —RAD KEY.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—The following girls report to the women’s gym April 30: 1:30—Barbara Harrison, Treva Berry, Virginia Gardner, Virginia Wilking, Dorothy Roberts, Barbara Dobson, Helen Ramsey. 2 :30—Georgianna Pittman, Virginia Tilsow, Alice McIntosh, Peg Dicks, Marjorie Blalock, Pat Jones, and Janet McDougall. —HAZELTON.
Seniors—Those seniors who have accepted positions in Detroit meet in the Alumni office. May 1, at 9 a. m. —BAUGH.
Engineering Seniors—Mr. H. L. Pearson of the Central Illinois Gas Company, is considering the employment of several senior cadet engineers. If you wish to be considered sign up in the office of the head of the school concerned. —WALTERS.
M. E. And I. E. Seniors—Mr. T. L. Hoff man of the Cincinnati Milling Machine Company will interview mechanical and industrial engineers May 7. If Interested sign up m Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS
Mechanical Engineers—Anyone interested in employment with the Illinois Tool Works of Chicago in applied mechanics work, re port to Professor Young’s office. —WALTERS.
Union Workers—My committee and all other available workers please report to Union workshop at 4 p, m. April 30. —PUTZE.
W. A. A. Archery—Women’s intramural archery tournaments are being finished this week. The participants in the following games should be present April 30 at 4:00. Chi Omega vs. Ward 1; Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 2. —WARD.
Dean Enders Exhibits Msiyan Ruin Pictures Stereopticon pictures which he took last summer while in the Mayan ruins of Central America, were shown by Dean Enders,-of the science school, to the members of the Optimist Club recently, at their regular weekly meeting. Dr. Enders also exhibited various samples of Indian weaving.
Elect Virginia Slocum Gold Pepper President At a meeting last night, Gold Peppers elected the following officers: president, Virginia Slocum; Vice-president, Margaret Richey; treasurer, Dorothy Bryant; secretary, Jeanne Janousek. Jeanette Scudder presided at the meeting. The Gold Peppers will act as guides during Gala Week.
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiation Changed Pledges of Alpha Lambda Delta, fr^fiiman women’s scholastic honorary, will be initiated in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, Sunday morning. May 16, at 8 o’clock, instead of May 16 as was previously announced. Last year’s members of the honorary will hold a breakfast for the new members in the peasant room of the Union Building. Following the initiation election of officers for 1937-1938 will be held. Correction of dates was made by Georgianna Pittman, president during the past year.
Sigma Pi Sigma Sponsors Robertson Lecture Tour Dr. C. H. “Big Robbie” Robert- A) son and his son, D. Ross Robertson, ’36, are making a lecture tour of the southern and eastern colleges and universities, for the purpose of interesting students in physics. The trip is being made by motor, under the auspices of the national honorary fraternity. Sigma Pi Sigma, and they have already visited Miami University, University of Kentucky, Berea College, and the University of Chattanooga.
Writing never tires me anymoreI use a Feathertouch!
For Mother^ s Day It takes no effort to write with a pen that Iflides smoothly over the paper without even the pressure of its own weigrht. Platinum in the writing: fluid channel of the Feathertouch point makes possible perfect twoway writing:—a natural script when held normally, a fine line when turned over. The Balance shape makes it easy to hold— I the one-stroke vacuum-filler makes it easy to fill, empty and thoroug-hly clean. Remember that all Sheaffer pens, whether of lever type or visible-barrel type, are one-stroke vacuum fillers! Try a Sheaffer Feathertouch—now! Sheaffer’s are priced from $2.75 up.
DECKER’S
518-520 MAIN ST.
PHONE 6477
YOUR LAUNDRY HOME AND RETURN VYEEKLY by nation-wide Railway Express. Swift, safe, sure. Enjoyed by thousands in hundreds of colleges, at tow econoitiical cost. Remember, prompt pick-up and delivery, always without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns. For immediate and college-year service, phone the nearest office of Railway Express.
9 So. Second St.
’Phone 2025
Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWA'imtliXPRESS AGBNCir^WlNC. mmmmMATtoN•wiDS ra/l-air seRVicEmamm