>
X>1W
■?v: ftt;
Voliime 51. No. 123^
Ffi<ki9'. Mcnrch h 1S40
Cast Aspirants For Varsity Show Will Meet At 4 today
Plays Ai Informal Tonight
Organization Meeting Announced By Board
Safety Council Finds Traffic
MelodiesStyled In Harlem Jazz
I vie Anderson
By Will Zimmerman
All acting, singing, and dancing part aspirants for the 1940 Varsity Show, “Sweethearts,” to be given April 18 to 20, will report to' Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. this afternoon for the preliminary organization meeting, dt was announced yesterday hy the Control Board of the production. Further announcement by the ■boarid disclosed the importance of this tneeting because of the vital information concerning the production that is to be released at the meeting in connection with those who intend to try out for parts in the play and those who wish jobs on any one of the various crews. Tfy^ut forms will be issued at the meeting and crew members will be able to sign up f^r their desired Choice. Scene
Deaths Lower
The scene of “Sweethearts” which was written by Victor Herbert, is laid in the ancient city of Bruges. Time element of the play will be in the present and concerns the adventures of Princess Jeanne, daughter of the king. The cast will ednsist of fifteen principal parts, supported by various bits such as court .ladies, soldiers, peasants, laundry , girls and attendants. A ndmber of singets and dancers will also be needed.
Business end of the show will be handled by John Dietrich, supervisor of dramatics, while singing and acting parts will be under the direction of A. P. Stewart and W. L. Beam, respectively. Staging responsibilities will go to Jack Miller.
PIAWill Sponsor Tea Dance For lU
Outranked only by New York and Georgia, Indiana took its place as leader' in traffic safety for 1939, it was announced today by the Public Safety Institute of the University. Based on figures released by the Nafiional Safety Council, the state traffic fatalities were reduced 70 people under the figure for 1939, With deaths totaling 1029 in 1939 as compared to 1099 in the previous year. On the basis of miles traveled in the state, Indiana showed a 12 per cent reduction with a mileage death rate of 13.2 persons killed per hundred million miles of travel. The population death rate was 29.6 persons killed per 100,000 population. Greatest gains were in pedestrian safety as the reduction in pedestrian deaths accounted for 53 of the seventy Ifves saved. The Reasons Major reasons for the excellent showing made in Indiana according to Professor J. L. Lingo, director of the Public Safety Institute, include a sincere effort by both city and state officials to adopt a factual and scientific approach to traffic enforcement, safety instruction in the state schools by trained safety teachers, better examinations of drivers and the enforcement power of license revocation and suspension, safety engineering on streets and highways and a sincere co-operation between the agencies working for safety throughout the entire state. On the basis of safety work done in the state during 1939 by the University, the state government, and other agencies, Indiana stands favorably in line for the national award given to the safest state in 1939.
Primitive negro rhythm and melodies, as well as the hottest of hot swing will be the note when Duke Ellington, Harlem’s Aristocrat of Jazz, brings life and syncopation to the Union Ballrooms tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock.
Both the old and the new ballrooms will be used, to provide plenty of dancing space for the 600 couples ekpected, announced Bob Hoffer who acts as chairman for the function. The backdrop will be white with dubonnet curtains to gi^e the effect of a stage. Weird Melodies
WSGA Elects
Debate Team 6oes To Iowa University For 3 Day Contest
Creel, Haynes For Frosh Jobs
Program Will include Informal Discussion
Calista Creel and Jeanette Haynes were elected freshman representatives to the executive board of the Women’s Self Government Association at a mass meeting and charm school for women students held in the faculty lounge of the Union yesterday afternoon. Both girls who were elected by freshman vote will serve on the board for the remainder of the semester.
Ellington’s unique arrangements have created a new style in dance melody. Duke and the boys seem to have an instinctive “feel” for broken tempos and a distinctively new style of jazz. His weird melodies, primitive rhythms, and amazing syncopations seem to come from an understanding of barbaric jungle harmonies that only “The Duke” can express in his original form.
. . . the California songbird, who will do the vocals with the orchestra of Duke Ellington, tonight.
Advance Sales For
Preceding the election, L. S. Winch of the speech department lectured to the group on th8 techniques of job getting. “There is a common saying,” remarked Winch, “that all girls come to the University to get a man; however, if I thought so, I wouldn’t be speaking to you now.”
'Seventh Heaven' Top Previous Records
Sell Yourself
Hoagy Carmichael states, “Prom the standpoint of jazz alone, I should say that Duke Ellington has 'given us practically the only new ideas that we have had for years.” . Yet, Ellington is not just another jazz band leader. His .ability as a composer, arranger, and musician have won him the respect and admiration of such authorities as Percy Grainger, head of the department of music at the New York University; Basil Cameron, cpnductor of the Seattle Symphony Orchestra; Leopold Stokowski, famed leader of the celebrated Philadelphia Symphony; Paul Whiteman, whose name is synonomous with jazz, and many others.
Visitors Tomorrow
Indiana's Florists
Famous Pieces
With the introduction of a new idea in presenting music at tea dances, PIA will hold sway in the south Union ballroom from 3:30 to 5:30 on tomorrow afternoon. Two of the most prominent bands in the country will provide the recorded rhythmns for the dancers. The names of these bands will be Announced in tomorrow morning’s Exponent.
Will Convene Here
Due to the Indiana-Purdue basketball game, a large number of students from Indiana are expected. Co-eds are especially invited. Here’s your chance, girls!
Approximately. 360 Indiana flower growers, wholesalers, retailers, and employees are expected to attend the 13th annual Indiana Florists’ Conference to be held on the campus, Wednesday and Thursday, in co-operation with the Indiana State Florists’ Association. Registration begins at 9 a. m. Wednesday in the main lobby of the Union building. Sessions start at 5 p. m., Thursday, March. 7. All special exhibits are to be staged by 12 noon, March 6, and they will be judged immediately.
Most popular of Ellington’s compositions are “Mood Indigo” and his “Creole Love Call” and “Creole Rhapsody,” as his best efforts. In any event, judging by his wide popularity, it is possible that “The Duke” will provide a varied enough program to suit all tastes, artistic and otherwise, ranging between' “Long Hairs” and “Hep Cats.”
“Seventh Heaven,” Playshop’s third production of the school year, will be presented next week, starting Wednesday night. Sam Wells, manager of ticket salfes, states that there are a few, very few, good seats left for all nights. The' advance ticket sale has been one of the greatest in Playshop history. The story is mainly concerned with the actions and words of two people, Chico and Diane, Parisians who lived and loved in their native land duffrig the first World War. The rest of the cast is mainly made up of typical Parisian characters. The Cast ' There are two sets of scenery for the production. One of these is a dead-end street, and the other is an attic—“Heaven” to Diane, though it is only Chico’s apartment. The members of the cast are Benton Burns, Juanita Seburn, Carl Thompson, Jerry Ciral, Robert Hettema, Joe Martin, Chuck Hart, Mary Alice Miller, Norma Lee Spector, Robert Peterson, Bill Adams, Betty Erick, and Don Salmond.
Winch went on to explain that the ability to sell oneseK is the most important point to remember when job hunting. Employers want to know what kind of a person the applicant is; his interests and capabilities. “You can sell yourself more readily if you are prepared to answer any question that the man behind the desk may ask, so think about what you are going to say before you go in,” warned Winch.
Before concluding his lecture. Winch encouraged everyone to keep in mind their extra-curricular activities for he stated that employers are more likely to pick a girl with mediocre grades and activities rather than a girl with an “H” average who has had no previous experience in dealing with people.
Civilian Pilots
Sigma Phi Epsilon
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: James Evans, Defiance, Ohio; Dale Heinlen, Delaware, Ohio; Bill Redlich, Chicago, Illinois; Richard Saxton, Kaysville, Utah; Bill Simpson, Owensboro, Kentucky.
Burns is quite a veteran of Playshop, having played Captain Stanhope in “Journey’s End” last year and also in “Winterset” this year. Those in the east who played in “Brother Rat” are Robert Peterson, Bill Adams, and Betty Erick. Burns, Carl Thompson, Joe Martin, Chuck Hart, and Don Salmond were in Playshop’s production of “Winterset.”
. . . who are graduates of the Air Corps Training Center may apply for commission in the Regular Army Air Corps as authorized by a recent act of Congress. All applicants must stand a preliminary and final examination as to their fitness for such duty. The preliminary examination will be given on April 1, the final examination on April 27. Necessary mental, moral, and physical qualifications must be fulfilled for appointment as second lieutenants in the regular army. 'These wishing to apply must not be over 29 years 10 months of age by May 1, 1940.
Robert King and Professor P. E. Lull of the Speech Staff left with the men’s varsity debating teams Wednesday evening for Iowa City where the team will participate for the first time in the aniiual Iowa Invitational Debate Tournament. The squad includes Don Parrlberg, Richard Springgate, Seymour Udell, Gordon Belles, Mark Keane, and George Alward. The tournament opened witii registration and a preliminary meeting of the directors yesterday neon. Fifst and second rounds of the dedebates were held in the afternoon and evening, with four more rounds to follow today and tomorrow. The Squads In the debates, the University affirmative team -will be composed of Udell and Belles. They are scheduled to meet the following schools: Iowa State, Minnesota, Witchita, Carletdn, Texas, and Iowa. Purdue’s negative team, composed of Keane and Paarlberg is scheduled to meet Creighton, Beloit, Denver, Iowa, DePauw, and Notre Dame. Friday morning will mark the beginning of a Discussion Contest in which all the members of the Purdue squad will participate. The subject for this discussion contest is' as follows: “What policy shall the United States follow toward beBgerents in Europe?” Speaking Contests A banquet will be held Friday evening and an After Dinner Spiking Contest -vdll fbllbw. At S:i5 an Extemporaneous Speaking Contest will be held bn the subject “Should Congress pass legislhtioh pro'viding for a more rapid increase of military and naval airplane expansion?” After the concluding two rounds of debates on Saturday morning, the entire group will attend a lun(dieon at which time the upper 25 per cent of the negative teams and the upper 25 per cent of speakers, regardless of teams, wUl be announced. The Purdue group will return to the campus late Saturday evening.
Student Senate
Applicants who are not in the military service should submit their applications to the nearest Air Corps station.
. . . has provided an opportunity for some select individuals to exercise their teaching art. AH students who believe themselves capable of tutoring are asked to report to the Student Senate office, room 360 of the Union. Fees of 50 cents ■will be paid for each hour of tutoring. Qualifications for a position as a recognized tutor will revert to past experience, previous records, and personal interest in this type of work.
Seniors Make Last Home Stand Tomorrow Against Indiana
Riveters Berefta, Fisher, Yeager, Vernon,
Chapman Will End Hardwood Careers Monday
By Phil Johnson
As the curtain slowly descends on the 1940 Western Confer-' ence hardwood campaign, the intercollegiate basketball careers of five of the finest athletes ever to don the Old Gold and Black at Purdue will come to a spectacular and fitting close during the pair of Big Ten games this week-end. Final Appearance
Eli Yeager
John Vernon
Climaxing three brilliant seasons as teammates on the Boilermaker basketball squad after garnering their second conference crown Captain Fred Beretta, Dan Fisher, Eli Yeager, Johnny Vernon and John Chapman will make their final home appearance Saturday night in the titular battle with Indiana. No more fitting tribute can be paid to the quintet of third year men than the glowing praise of Coach Lambert, who remarked, “This has been one of the finest group of athletes with whom I have ever come in contact. Never have I coached a group of players who trained as conscientiously and were
as easy to get along with. They are all fine boys and great ball players. We will miss them.” Truly we will miss this group of players who have been the vital" factors in bringing a pair of Big Ten wins into, the Boilermaker hold and to spread the greatness of Boilermaker teams to all parts of the country.
" Beretta Pew of us will forget the stellar performances of the fellow who was the outstanding factor in the current successful Big Ten race—a true sportsman, a player of unsurpassed ability, the captain of the Boiler(Continued on page 3)
Dan Bisher
Fred Beretta
-i iM'I*- At-
“Ai ..-j
1 ,A<i ^ 1* i‘~',,i 1"^ > < ^ ' , ,S,'. , , -, I V' *T\ ’’M) ' t , ' t , 1‘ . , t , / 1 ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. March 1. 1940 0
Police Will Study Traffic Problems In Six Day School All officers of the West Lafayette police department will attend the traffic officers’ training school at the University next week, chief of police, Ivan Miller, announced today. Twenty-six other Indiana police officers have also enrolled for the course which will be given Monday through Saturday, it was announced by Joseph L. Lingo, safety specialist on the Purdue Safety Institute and director of the school. These men represent 17 different police departments, eight others will be represented, but the men to take the work have not yet been selected. Subjects Instruction will be given in such subjects as state-wide activities in traffic enforcement, enforcement problems, public relations for police officers, accident reports and analysis, school safety problems, speaking for police, testing the drinking driver, science and accident investigation, hit and run investigations, photography in investigation of accidents, law of evidence, legislation, methods of traffic control, and discussion of local traffic problems. Class work begins Monday morning at 10 o’clock in the electrical engineering building. Those who pass the work satisfactorily will be awarded certificates at the final luncheon which will be held Saturday morning. Ifi^truction corps will include besides Lingo, Donald F. Stiver, state safety director; Robert Borgenstein and Robert Bowman of the state police; Assistant Dean of the engineering schools, W. A. Knapp; W. J. Davis and G. H. Hennegar, of the Automobile Protective and Information Bureau; Robert C. Hills, chief hearing judge of the Indiana Motor Vehicle Bureau; J. J. Robinson, director of the institute of criminal law and criminology at lU. Chi Omegas Honor New Housemother WithTea Members of the Chi Omeg;a sorority will entertain Sunday at a tea from 3:30 to 6 o’clock for Mr. Hettie Elliot Uhl, their new housemother. Mrs. Uhl is replacing the former Mrs. Lillian Ross who has married John 0. Fryer and moved to Marion, Indiana. Mrs. Uhl was formerly from Indianapolis and Logansport. In the receiving line at the tea will be Miss Amy O. Howe, faculty advisor for the sorority, and Mrs. George A. Hawkins, alumni advisor. Mrs. F. B. Knight and Mrs. F. C. Hockema, patronesses, will pour. Acacia . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Ed Rush, Lafayette; Gerald Lopemau, Albany; George Towle, Hammond; Charles Skinner, Thomtown.
kiAiii
— TODAY-SATURDAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
— PLUS—FIRST RUN HIT— A Swashbuckling Story Packed with Action - Mystery - Romance and Thrills! ISLE OF DESTINY
In Color
— WITH — WILLIAM GARGAN jUNE LANG
V. C. Meredith Club Karl McEachron Will CW Omega
tcflure On Lighlning
Elections of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will be held today from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. in the main hall of the Home Economics Building. All members are urged to vote. Membership cards must be presented at the time of voting. Candidates for the club offices are president, Agnes McCulloch and Mary Edith Monk; secretary, Judith Auch and Maxine Abshier; sophomore representative, Jeanne Burkholder and Dorothy Arvidson; junior representative, Charlotte Metz, Louise Stiers, and Cornelia Caldwell; senior representative, Irene Sakacs, Alice Keltnfer, and Lucille
Osborne.
Weekly Mixer To Feature Paul Reedy's Orchestra March will be officially welcomed in the Union building Saturday night. This month, supposedly coming in like a lion and going out like a lamb, will be the central theme of the weekly Mixer to be held in the south ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m. The backdrop, in keeping with this theme, pictures a lion and a lamb, amid shamrocks, cavorting against a blue background. Paul Reedy and his campus commanders will furnish the music for the dancers, with his singer Nona vocalizing. The usual price of one dollar will prevail.
Alpha Xi Delta
. . . pledges will entertain the campus at a coffee hour tomorrow pledges of the other sororities on afternoon from 3 to 6 o’clock. The coffee hour will be very informal with school clothes the accepted dress.
TODAY 11:00—^American Institutions Prof. Eobert Phillips 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12.16—Sports Keview 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1 ‘00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—Mrs Jewell Cox 1:80—Story Time 1:46—Story Time 2:00—Parade of Business 2 30—Magic Carpet 3 00—Jefferson High School 3.30—Story of Wool 4:00—^American Family Robinson 4.16—Exponent of the Air 4 46—Story Book Hour
— TODAY-SATURDAY —
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
JOHN WAYNE RAY CRRRICAN hAYMONli HATT»N
STARTS TOMORROW
-LAST DAY-
RATHEDME: MclAGLEN
VICTDB
•'MIA I n
^ \JiUIIIE*EmmillBB*CAHBIU.D
UHIVIV.^
4 W«(v UNIVERSAl'WtVure
Karl McEachron, who spends his time observing lightning and noticing its effects on electric service for the General Electric Company, will lecture on this subject at the University March 22. Dr. McEachron is in charge of the G. E. high voltage testing laboratory at Pittsfield, Mass., and has established equipment throughout the country for automatically photographing lightning discharges. Prom these photographs, and others which he has obtained by photographing artificial high voltage discharges, he has made a study of lightning for which he is recognized as a leading authority throughout the world. Dr. McEachron, a graduate of Ohio Northern and Purdue with a B. S. and M. S. in electrical engineering and an honorary doctor’s degree from Ohio Northern, served as research assistant in the engineeting experiment station here from 1918-22. H. W. Cope . . . recently named part time advisor for senior engineering students, is advisor for the seniors of all the engineering schools, and not electrical engineering alone as was stated in yesterday’s Exponent. His office will be in the electrical engineering building. /-MScbedu/es
Court 1: Aronson 7:00—Short Course 7:16—Short Course 8:00— Finals — 8:16—Ward 30 vs Ward 42 Court 2: Witsman 7:00—Short Course 7:16—Short Course 8:00—^Wesley vs Westminster 8:16— Court 8: Mann / 7:00—Short Course 7:16—Short Course 8:00—Chaimcey vs Circle Pines 8:16—Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 10 Court 4: Rechenbach 7:00—Cary Hall 16 vs Cary Hall 1 7:16—Luma vs Kagawa Finals— 8.00—Ward 10 vs Ward 22 Finals— 8:16—Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 1
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Wed. March 6th 7:00 p. m. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs. March 7th 7:00 p.m. A private lesson will be'given free of charge to those who were unahle to attend the first lesson. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th and Fenj
— TODAY-SATURDAY — lO&KA THSMf mfw
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY Ttmir in Europe! Today’s Blazing Headlines! Love end thrills!
with ALLAN LANE UNDA HAYES • ROBERT BARRAT — AND —
■ALSO —
WlttWgfllS BoawB.
d^yju/t&r luwuM I2ti
... alumnae will sponsor a benefit bridge party today in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union building from 2 to 6 p. m. Anyone may attend at any time throughout the afternoon. Door pnzes will be given. Tickets may be purchased for thirtyfive cents at the door.
M. B. 61 Conditionals i Examination for the removal of eonditlons in. M.E. 61 will be held Ajiril 6. at 1 p, m. in room 861 of the mechanical engineering bailding. All interested parties should notify the undersigned on or before March 28 at noon. —MESSERSMITH. Interfratemity Rifle: Interfratemity rifle matches to continne until Friday, March 1, at6:80p.m.
Examinationa tor condition roaMvato tn History, Beonowica and GovamniMiti These wiU bo hold Batarday, 6. at 1:W p. m., ipom 80S, in tho Recitation Building. Applieatkm must be made in the History office no later than Friday. March 8.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Prom Committee: Be at the Debris office Saturday, i March 2, at 2 p. m., for pictures. —BOYCE.
Freshmen Xkigineeis: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report on Saturday, March 2, by schools as followe. Students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, electrical building; F-Le, room 201, civil building; U-R, room 101, Michael Golden Shops i 8~Z, room 264* eleotrxeal -KNAPP.
PIA Dance Claes: Doe to nnforaeen oilcumatances the first meeting of the claea wiU have to be postponed. There will definitely be a meeting Wednesday, llarob 6, probably in the ballroom. Watch for future notices. _ , —LUTZ.
Exponent Freshmen: The meeting Saturday, March 2, will be held at 1:80 p. m., in the west faculty lounge instead of in the office as previously announced. All freshmen should be there. —WILLSEJY. Co-op Venture: This week’s ispue, Davee’s group: Ann Tweedale, Marwood, Luma, Salisbury. Davee editor. —ELY.
' Episcopal Students: The Seabnry Clubwill meet in room 807 of the Unira Supday, March 8, at 6:46 p. m. Dr. B. NaM will speak on "Science and Religions. Members will meet in the west end of the cafeteria for supper at 6 p. m. _ •—LYLES.
Skull and Crescent: Emergency meeting in reception room of Union Friday, March 1, dt 12:80 p. m. Compulsory I '—^BELLES.
Mixed Recreation: Friday, March 1, at 7:30 p. m. in the women’s gym. Sports offered include volleyball, badminton, shufflboard, and ping pong. Wear rubber soled shoes. Swimming ten cents for men. Girls fine. —MATHER.
M.E. so Non-Chemicals: A makeup test for students in all M.E. 80 non-chemical divisions who were absent from test 1 will be offered Monday, March 4, at 4 p. m. in room 103 of mechanical engineering building. —COPE.
Union Workers: The following are expected to attend a staff meeting at 4 :16 p. m., Friday, March 1, in room 868: Adams, Atkinson, Bolotin, Brown, Carr, Carter, Caesar, Ghana, Cook, Craig, Crawford, Ainsworth, Anderson, Anderson, J., Bahls, Ball, Ballard, Brown, B., Burton, Cole, Cooper, Craig, Schmidt, Kemper, Evans, Hepburn, Starek, Diehl. . —BRODD.
PIA Board: There will be a meeting of th^ PIA Board in the office Monday, March 4, at 7:15 p. m. to fill junior vacancies in the board. Be prompt. —HINSHAW. WAA Basketball: WRH south, team 1 vs WRH north, team 1 and WRH south, team 2 vs Delta Gamma, Friday, Man^ 1, at 4 p. m. —BRITTON.
PIA Dance Class: Room 868 of the Union, 7:80 p. m., Wednesday, March 6. —LUTZ.
Exponent Freshmen: There will be a meeting for all Elzponent freshmen in the office Saturday, March 2, at 1:80 p. m. —WILLSEY.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, March 4, in room 808, Union, at 8 p. m. Pledges meet in hall at 8 p. m., and be prepared for an oral quiz. Actives I Don’t miss the fun. Be there. —REILEY.
BugUali and Speech CondlUoM: Ebuunlnations for removal of conditiona la Binglish and speech will bo held Saturday, March ^ beginning at 1 p. m. in room Ml of tho fiidueation building. —MILLER.
Sliver Mask: All members please come to third floor of Fieldhouse on Friday, March 1, for formal pledging. —^NEPTUNE. Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, March 1, 4:80 p. m. in room 306 in Union. Pledging of new members. Short talk on Turkey Initiation of pledges Sunday, March 3, at 4:30 p. m. same room. Please attend. —WED^BACH. Football Managers: All freshmen and sophomore football managers report to the Fieldhouse at 4 p. m Friday, March 1 —COLQEHOUN, KETTLER.
Gym Night: Friday, March 1, will be sponsored by the Wesley Foundation. Tickets are 26 cents per couple, or 16 cents for boys and 10 cents for girls. Volley ball, basketball, swimming, badminton, and ping pong will be in session from 7:80 to 10 p m Refreshments will be served. Wesley Foundation members are requested to meet in the north end of the gym —HORNK
Lutheran Students: Regular meeting of the Lutheran Students Association will be held Monday, March 4, at 7:16 p m. in room 307 of the Union. —^HALL.
WAA Tonmiament Schedules: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ping po^j are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. 8-1 —HOLDEN.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 16. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments These cards must be signed by the head of the school, and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject IS given The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after March 16 if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —GOLDSJIITH.
Classified Ads
msAJUi FOB SALE—Typewrlten. All make*, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portoble machines m low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 666 Main street.
Radio-Phonograph combination, and record collection. Only $16 00 Call Staley, 2640.
Gala Week Committee: Meet in room 261 of Union at 4 p. m., Friday, March 1. —ARCHIBALD.
WAA Badcctball: Women’s Gym, Tuesday, February 27, 4 p. m., Alpha Xi vs. Wards 2 and 4; Alpha Chi vs. Ward 1. 6 p. m., WRH North 2 vs. Thaeles; Ward 1 vs Pi Phi. Thursday, February 29, 4 p. m. Alpha Chi vs. WRH South 2; Thaeles vs. Phi Mu. Friday, March 1, 4 p. m. League Semi-finals. Winners league A vs. winners league B. Winners league C vs. winners leagne D. -BRITTON.
Glider Club: Work session every afternoon this week in attic Mechanical Engineering building. (8-1) —-“MILLER. Biology Stndents: Condition examinations m Biology 18 will be given March 2 at 1 p. m. in Room 211 of Conlter Hall. —BEHRENS. ^ Agricultarist Business Staff: Special meeting in the office on Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. Everyone come. —WHITHAM.
Want to Buy a Tux, sixe 46. Call J. A. Huffman, 41802. LOST AND FOUND Lost—^Alpha Chi Omega pin in Union building, ^ward. Phone 46892.
Lost—^Elgin wrist watch in Fieldhouse. Please return to 816 W Cary Hall, South. Reward.
Lost—Good reward for information leading to return of White Gold Balova wrist watch. J. D. Bryan, Phone 81764, No questions asked.
Lost—Phi Mu sorority pin. Name on back. Call 66218. Bewmrd. Janet Gaylord.
Pan Hellenic: Meeting m women’s lounge of Union Friday, March 1. —RAEBIG.
LOST—Sorority pin Sigma Kappa, Cameo bracelet All>ha Gamma Kappa. Call Doris Math 2127.
YouMI look more beauteous than ever in the romantic new gowns weVe assembled for you in our shop. Inspired by the glamorous ball gowns of the nineties, they swerl about you voluminously, whittle your waist to a mere nothing, and bare your smooth white shoulders to the admiring world.
Phone 5900
415 Main
^4
IV'i">-
Friday* Morcih 1# 1940
t
^xponiUfdL SpifdA. fioi/A,
Freshmen Trackmen Victorious In Telegraphic Meet With Ohio State
BVeshman t hind ads crashed through Ihst weOk to an easy victory over the Ohio Sikte University yearling track, team in a telegraphic meet vdth the Buckeye school. The fresh cinder men collected 74% points against the 66 %. points gleaned by the Buckeye^. According to Cpach Wildemng, exceptionally good times were turned in by several of the Boilermaker freshmen. Menchofer crossed the finish line in the 60 yard dash just 6.3 seconds after he started the race. Last Saturday this eyent was won in the Big Ten meet^here by the same time- that, Menchofer turned in. Other excellent times were made by Jentsch and Kemp in the 880 yard run. Jentsch finished this event in fopr tenths of a second less than two minutes while Kemp followed him by only two tenths of a sec? ond. Longest and Kemp turned in good times in the mile run, their times being 4:36.8 and 4:38.0, respectively.
Freshman track coach Wilkening predicts that unless ineligibilities take an unusually heavy toil the varsity team should 'receive some very good material from the freshman ranks next year. At the present time the effor^ of "V^ilkening’s charges are being directed toward the coming telegraphic meet with Iowa. AgNetters End Season Ag short course basketball enters it’s final stages this week-end as each team strives to dominate its respective league. ,* Tonight the winner of the ag double elimination tommament will be decided when the Wildcats meet the Tigers with the Boilermakers meeting the winner of this game in the finals. Regular league play up to date has the Yanks and Wildcats leading the “B” league with 6 won and 1 lost.
^tuie6 tLe ^eadon
They're unusual flatters, you know—becoming to every profile with their soft, youthful charm. A wide variety which you can make your selection—and reasonably priced, too.
Consumer's Millinery
Phone 2207
313 Columbia
Gordon Dover Gets Around A Lot! ■ “TT’m Arrow’s famous oxford shirt with the J. button-down roll collar. My good looks and 6ne behavior have made me the most ubiquitous college shirt in the world. I never get hot under my fine fitting collar, and never in my long life will I shrink out of fit because I’m Sanforized-Shrunk and 1 can’t shrink more than a wee 1%. My buttons are genuine ocean pearl and anchored fast. In return for my liberal college education I spend most of my time fishing for compliments . . . and boy, you shou^ hear the girls rave! For $2 you can get one of my brothers in white or blue. We’re a handsome tribe of Arrow Gordons ... we are!” ARROfV SHIRTS
Complete line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Ping Pong Tourney Begins Next Week An all campus ping pong tournament will start in the fieldhouse Wednesday afternoon. The matches will be played in the afternoons from 4 to 6 o’clock and ;from 7 till 9 o’clock in the evening. Medals will be awarded toy the winner and the runper-up of the tourney. All students interested -^should sign up immediately on the card in the fieldhouse ping pong room in order that the pairings may be published Tuesday. The best paddlemelders will be seeded into brackets. Riveter Rifle Squad Will Open Rre On Indiana Riveter marksmen will shoot it out Saturday with Indiana’s seasoned rifle squad in a telegraphic meet. Last week, the squad lost a close match with Wisconsin. The, Boilermakers, handicapped by lack of student interest, have trailed near the tail of the Big Ten so far this season. After recruiting several eagle eyed sharpshooters from teams in the interfratemity meet, the hopes are brighter for winding up the season with victories over Indiana, Illinois, and Northwestern.
For a' Louisiana State University stage production, one student wrote 30 songs in 27 days.
Five Seniiors Make Final Stand Tomorrow ^ (Continued from page 1)
maker team, Fred Bere^. Fred began his hardwooding al Bedford, Indiana, coihing to Purdue in 1936, when he immediately won a berth on Dutch Fehring’s Frosh -squad. The follorvnng year Fredc(ie.,stepped into the fastest basketballleague in the country as a near regular on the team which boasted such luminaries as Jewell Young, Johnny Sines, Pat Malaska, and Gene Anderson. During his first year in the Big Ten, the Bedford fiash alternated with Dickinson, Malaska, and Yeager at the guard posts in the drive that ended in a conference win f<^r the Riveters. Last year Beretta displayed such aggressiveness as a guard that he received national acclaim and was given a berth on the all Big Ten team. For his outstanding ability, genial personality, and traits of leadership,,Fred was elected captain of the 1939-1940 team, a position he has upheld to the fullest exteht of his ability, a position in which he brought an inexperienced underdog team to a Conference championship. As a defensive player, Captain Beretta has no peer, having held such outstanding scorers as Klein, of Northwestern, Caliban, of Detroit, Hapac of Illinois, Vaughn of Southern California, and Siegel of Iowa with such clamplike guarding that they were far below their usual effectiveness. Further emphasizing
WE APPRECIATE YOUR lUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTIE
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCORAE AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
The sweetheart of six other suits W HITE shirts play the fielcL They IcKik grand with blue suits, brown, cxxford—any suit you own. 'They’re friends with all your ties. They’re right, no matter the cxxasion. Arrows are the most famous of all white shirts. Only Arrows have the handsome Arrow collar, Mitoga better-fit tailoring and patented "anchored buttons”. All Anpw shirts are Sanforized-Shrunk (less than 1% fabric shrinkage). Come in for your Arrow whites... both fused-coUar and soft-collar styles and up
DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
Riveter Swimmers Point For State Meet Saturday After emerging on tTie short end of a 61 to 33 s<»re at XQxaois Wednesday night, the Boilermaker tank squad retimed home yesterday afternoon to begin final preparations for the State Intercollegiate Swimming Meet at Bloomington Saturday morning and afternoon. Fourteen men are being groomed hy Coach Dick Papenguth in hopes of dethroning the favored Hoosiers from their championship post.
Fred’s ability was the recent statement of Vaughn, of Southern California, conceded by many as the most outstanding offensive player of the year when he said, “Captain Beretta of Purdue was the best guard against whom I’ve ever, played.” Fisher and Yeager Teaming with Captain Beretta during the past three years have been Dan Fishe^, a senior mechanical engineer from Anderson, and Eli Yeager, a senior physical ed from Coimersville. Both players’won freshmen numerals their first year and garnered positions on the varsity five their sophomore year. Fisher first served as understudy for All-American Gene Aiiderson, but later during his first season played a lot of ball at the forward spot. Yeager, originally a forward, switched to the guard post during his first year on the varsity, where he played a good portion of the games. The past two season’s Yeager and Fisher have proven vital factors in the Boilermaker aggregation. Fisher, who has been wearing unbreakable glasses during his past season, is best known for his rebound work and offensive ability, his six feet three inches aiding the Riveter cause unmeasurably. Yeager has proven himself on the the hardest driving guards in the league, controlling the ball on both backboards and aiding materially in the Boilermaker offense. Vernon and Chapman Probably , as much credit is deserved by John Vernon and John Chapman as for any man on the team. Although both are exceedingly goofi ball players, they have been constantly handicapped by their lack of height. Despite this disadvantage, Vernon and Chapman have been two of the hardest workers on the squad, not letting up during any part of the last three seasons. No two men have aided more in the
Although the Hoosiers won a meet with the Riveter mermen Iqr a low score earlier in the seas<ni, the Riveters have improved considerably in the past few meets and should be able tq match events witih the downstaters. Captain Graham and Kratzer, free style artists, are in their best form of the season and are expected to challenge some of the state records in their favorite' distances. Graham, Kratzer Win Although Captain Graham and Kratzer were able to win a pair of firsts in the meet,, with the Hlini, the remainder of the sqnad was not as successful, with the Illinois tankmen taking the remaining six first places. Having lost in only a single meet this season, the Riveter relay team again showed their superiority against the Illini by gaining an easy victory in the 400 yard event. The summary of the meet: 300 Yard Medley Race: Won by Illinois (Waskelo-Unterman-Eore-ilis). Time, 3:14.4. 200 Yard Free Style—^Won by Kirkland, Graham, P, second; Smith, P, third. Time, 2:62.2. 60 Yard Free Style—Won by Wolhrab, I; Kurlak, I, second; Kratzer, P, third. Time, :26.1. Diving—^Won by Kienlen, I; Holquist, I, second; Briggs, P, third. 100 Yard Free Style—Won by Kratzer, P; Wolhrab, I, second; Herr, P, third. Time, :66.6. i 160 Yard Backstroke—^Won by Kurlak, I; Anderson, P, second; Waskelo, I, third. Time, 1:42.1. 200 Yard Breaststroke—Won by Kirkland, I; McKinley, I, second; Tingley, P, third. Time, 2:33.6. Relay—^Won by Purdue—(Herr, Branner, Smith, Kratzer) —Time, 3:62.6.
Boilermaker drive than have these two boys. Saturday night these five men wiU play their final game in the Fieldhouse. Let’s all show them how much we’ve appreciated them!
POPCORN Both Healthy Foods ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
the Purdue Exponent SoTvioe Directory
• Proltatioiial
e School Suppliea
Risk Dental Clbiic OR. RAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHei A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK 4tt> » MiMn PhoM S70I
'T>EAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVERI EAT AT DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 AAaIn St. Sc RIE SOUP COFFS Se
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality MdM.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phoiw 27T7
• Tin Shop \ ^
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone4354
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phono 685.2
• Dairy Products
e Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILR Ph^462H
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Feny Sis.{2 H % ' f ^ \’'<i
}
HIT ^ f-
# «
TUB PUBDUB EXPONENT
Friday, March 1, 1^$40 0
KBP*
On all sides comes ciitxcism from some of our disgi untied readers ^To some sensitive souls this would be discoui aging . but to us it serves as a tonic. We mteipret these comments to mean that the B & B is still being lead It only adds prestige to oui opinions to know that other viitei-s will bother to criticize our efforts —B & B— Dear B & B: While you printed the straight stuff on the Hal Wilhams-Margret Pardue get together, you missed the most important item. I imagine that it would be very embarrassing if you called 5083 and asked him about the sweetheart pin which is said to be seeing service in Chicago. Is this bigamy? A Purdue Admirer. —B & B— Dear Hal If you are trying to kid some pool little gill along, it is high time that someone take things into his own hands and protect the fairer sex For youi own personal benefit we will also infoim you that the best way to keep things out of print IS not to call the B & B editor on the phone The Ed —B & B— Our daily trip thru the Sweet Shop revealed that Mr. Fox has installed another permanent fixture . . . this time we are referring to Marge Thomas and Calvin Fields. Sweet Shop can really be habit forming, can’t it. Marge? ... or are you lodking for another wanderer ? —B & B— Altho we can’t seem to find the specie of fish that is involved, we do know that Phyllis Hanson is wearing a pm nowadays and munches candy in her spare moments. —B & B— How to answer a question in Botany. — Question: What is a petunia? Answer: A petunia is like a begonia A begoma is like a sausage. A sausage and battery is a crime (Ouch’) Monkeys crime trees, and trees a crowd.
But Inddentally— By Serge The band isn’t the only thing that gets hot at these swing dances which we have been having Our Mr. Henderson keeps telling us of a research carried on on this subject in our very own ballroom Some enterprising engineer has taken data and drawn curves to show how the relative humidity in the ballroom varies during the course of a dance At a recent alumni dance, the humidity increased slowly from nine o’clock, remained constant until eleven, and then slowly decreased The alumni didn’t exert themselves much and went home early. However, at a recent jitter-bug affair the humidity increased rapidly from 9 to 9:15, staying constant at an amount twice as great as the other dance—until intermission. During the two intermissions it fell immediately to nothing at all and then skyrocketed back again, to stay at the top value until the stroke of twelve. Since the instruments were not readily portable, the 1 esearchei s were most unfortunately forced to end their survey of humidity at that time * * * We admire the diligence of some people We saw a boy in the Union the other night washing windows while the Jefferson Hop was in progress What we object to IS that the windows were of the cloudy vaiiety that you can’t see thru anyway * * After a hard day, it’s a bit unnerving to see an auto driving up the steps of Fowler Hall We turned and walked the other way quickly, pretending that we hadn’t seen it and reciting the third verse of “Hail Purdue” to ourself in a nonchalant sort of way
Purdue Exponent
B. E. Indv W. S. Smith „ Bminwa Manaswr D. G. Terrlo, edltoHal director: G. W. Erederlek, m«nasinc editor; E. M. Antonini, aenior adverttains maaager; G. Scnillinar, co-ed editor; B. Jenklna, aporta e^tor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Botated as seeoad daaa matter at the post odSte la Lafajnette, Indiaiw. andar Iba act «t Oeapiesa od Marsh 0. 1879. and at the spsoial Mte at peatesa teorldai lor te aec^n 1108, act of October 8. 1917, aolhartaMd ^aanary Ml 1938. Published dailr eocoept Monidsp darliiu the racniar academie year and weekly durinsr ths Snmmsr Beselsa. Delivered locally by carrier for $8 09 per year, nuUl snh> aeriptioa $8.80 Kepresented for national advertising by Nationsd Advertisins Service, Inc, CoUeKe Publishera Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave, Mew York, M. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director Night Editor, Heiple Ass’t Night Editor, Kennedy Day Editor, Carroll Friday, March. 1, 1940
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uehty
When we felt stronger, we came back to have a snoop. Inside Fowler Hall we couldn’t see hide nor hair of it until we looked at the stage There was the Model T, testing peacefully, and a little bit smugly, at tbe back of the stage—separated from the door by fifteen rows of seats It was much wider than the aisles. * * * Maybe it shows that anything is possible in the seventh heaven. * H- * Last week we saw a huge sign on a Chicago garage which said, “We work while you park. No time lost First hour 36c, 2nd hour 50c ” We were very much tempted to snitch it and bring it back with us. * * * Woudn’t it look good out at the airport—with the “We” crossed off?
Copr 1940 bjr United FeBtore8yndlo«t« Inc. Tm. Beg U 8. Fat. 011.^^ ri<tiU reserved
{f
^4
My coat’s simply a fright, and I know very well you could pay for one by simply dashing off a new text-book!”
The rooster crowd and made a noise The noise is on your face like your eyes. Eyes IS the opposite of nays A horse nays and has little colts
If you have a colt and go to bed with the windows open and sleep in a draught, you will get double petunia —AND THAT’S WHAT A PETUNIA IS—
PASTRIES The finest of pastries for the gayest of parties, delicious and wholesome in taste Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^*
Don’t miss that lovely party, just because your ‘‘formal” looks all mussed and frousey! American can make it look like new, And you’ll “feel right” in it. American Laundry
The Book that tells the story ofSfBfddu
By Means of Action, Squad and Personality Shots of Football Basketball Baseball Track Women's Athletics Minor Sports also pictures of Noble Kizer—Director of Athletics and the Supporting Staff
mo
OebMA. ^mplsdsL (fampuA, (fovsuuupL
THE SHIRT NAME OF THE NATION
Proudly, we join a disanguished list of fine stores in every section of the country, in a complete presentation of Jayson shirts for Spring. Troy-tailored of select fabrics, which are loomed exclusively for Jayson, these shirts represent the ultimate in craftsmanship, quality and style. A policy of strict adherence to high standards and the maintenance of fundamental values even in the face of rising markets, has won for Jayson the recognition of millions of smart men. Truly, The Nation Says Jayson when it shops for shirts. Our current showing is, in our opinion, the most varied and most desirable we have ever assembled. Included are whites, plain colors and fancy patterns and weaves . . with regular, button down, Kent or *Jaysonized no-starch, no-wilt collars SANFORIZED SHRUNK—Fabric shrinkage less than 1%—Federal Specifications CCC-T-191A
ir
*Made under Gelanese patents