V \
<'^ .i f ^
■ / t S \ 'y^
; W*’
Orite Purilue Tfxjjxrn^itt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIIt
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1937
NUMBERS
Canners To Convene Here Tomatoes To Be Theme Of Tenjth Annual Conference state canners, fieldmen, and tomato growers who attend tjie tenth annual canning conference here on next Tuesday and Wednesday will be entertained with instructional lectures and educational exhibits pertaining to the tomato industry. With the production and canning of quality tomatoes as the theme of the conference, the first half of the program will be devoted to canning methods, while the second half of the conference will deal with the problems met in the production of tomatoes. 1,000 Can Exhibit Representatives from Michigan State College and from Ohio State University, and specialists from leading commercial companies will assist University men in conducting the two-day program. One thousand cans of tomatoes bought on the open market and showing the grade of the product and the price paid, will comprise a part of the exhibit. The annual dinner banquet and the following presentation of medals to Indiana farmers for records achieved during the year will climax the conference.
Little Theatre Group To Give Sketch On Air David K. Larrimer’s radio version of Richard Brinsley Sheridan’s “The School For Scandal” will be presented at 3:30 this afternoon over WBAA by the Lafayette Little Theatre Players. The story deals with the jealousy of an elderly man over his young wife.
Farm Bureau Man Compares Co-op With Competitive System Anthony Lehner, of the Indiana Farm Bureau Co-operative Association, spoke before a group of approximately 70 campus co-op residents in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building last night. He compared the competitive system with the co-operative system. Particular problems of local coop houses were 41so discussed dt the meeting, which \/as presided over by Harold Cobbs.
February 5, 1937 FOLLOWING yesterday’s comment on the “kissing strike” situation at Utah, a freshman co-ed sent me a note with the following suggestion, “Maybe if you kissed hard enough, the germs would be killed by the high pressure” .. . —30— WORD from the front line trenches informs us that the “cast for the Union show, “Castles In The Air” will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. .. what’s your guess ? —30— STUDENTS of organic chemistry at Colby College complained during a recent three-hour exam that they were too tired to think or write at the end of the test. “I guess I’ll serve tea next time,” replied the professor ... at the next exam, he and his three assistants passed out steaming cups of tea and dozens of cookies . . . —30— IF you think your brain power is affected by loss of sleep, stop worrying right now . . . that is, if you want to believe the results of a Southern California experiment . . . —30— TWO young graduate students, with the help of 12 assistants, kept three students awake from 5:30 a. m. on a Friday until 10:30 p. m. on Saturday. Every ten hours the experimenters took tests in solving more than 100 mathematical problems and identifying more than 300 colors . . . —30— THEIR accuracy was practically unchanged in spite of fatigue, but increasingly frequent “blank” lapses occurred in which they could not solve even the simplest problems . . . —30— AMONG suitable objects for justifiable homicide, say Northwestern co-eds, is the man who hums while dancing.
Dr. Walerstein Smokes In Class; Part Of Lecture By The Roving Reporter There was an audible, envious gasp yesterday morning in Dr. Walerstein’s physics 36 lecture as he lit a cigarette and complacently puffed. While hq smoked and lectured at the same time, the class puzzled about the reason for his smoking. Did he'just want to smoke and had enough nerve ? Eds and coeds looked on longingly. When Dr. Walerstein blew the smoke into a glass cylinder in a demonstration of the Cottrell process all was imd erstood and forgiven.
Clinton Will Play For WRH Valentine Dance Pat Clinton and his band will play for the annual Women’s Residence Hall Valentine tea dance on Saturday afternoon, February 13, from three o’clock to five. A buffet supper will ^ be served in the dining room from five to six o’clock to residents and guests. Georganna Baker, Residence Hall social chairman, is in charge of arrangements for the dance, assisted by Betty Bills, Janet Burton, Dorothy Hardin, Dorothy Hewitt, Mary Lee Hickman, Dorothy Johnson, Mary Ed Johnston, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McKiilley, Mary McLaughlin, Gaby D. Roe, Alice Vinson, and Parker Wynn.
Union Delays Naming Cast Pending final selection of the cast this evening, all students who tried out for “Castles In The Air” rehearsed songs from the Union Show yesterday afternoon. Jim Shoemaker, Union president, announced another conclave at 4 p. m. today in the tower room. Saturday morning’s Exponent is to carry a complete list of the cast, together with a picture of tryouts for the girl’s chorus. Rehearsals are to start Saturday afternoon in the tower room, with all of the newly chosen members of the cast in attendance.
January Rainfall Totals 5.82 Inches West Lafayette and vicinity received the second highest January rainfall since 1919 this year, with a recorded total of 6.82 inches. January, 1930, surpassed this record with 6.43 inches. Last year only 1.66 inches of rain fell during the month of January.
Chemicals To Leave On Inspection Trip Today Fifteen junior and senior chemical engineer students plan to leave today on an inspection trip to Danville and Peoria, Illinois. The students will visit among other companies the zinc refinery at Danville, and the Caterpillar ‘Tractor plant and the Hiram Walker Distillery of Peoria. The students are expected to return tomorrow night.
Venemann Goes Home Minnie A. Venemann, senior science student, has returned to her home after an appendicitis opera' tion last week at St. Elizabeth’s hospital.
Lulu Belle And Skyland Scotty^ WLS Comedy Team^ To Appear Here Sunday
Lulu Belle and Skyland Scotty, radio singing and comedy team, featured on National Barn Dance program over WLS, Chicago, will appear in person in the Lafayette Armory Sunday under the auspices of the Tippecanoe Post 1164, Veterans of Foreign Wars. Shows will start at 2 and 4 o’clock in the afternoon and 7 and 8:45 at night. Lulu Belle and Scotty were bom 40 miles away from each other in the hills of North Carolina and did not meet each other until one night when they were featured on the Barn Dance program. Things In Common Both of them found that they had much in common—^they had been taught the same mountain ballads by each of their mothers; they enjoyed fishing, horseback riding, and singing; and they were both a little homesick “fo de Carolina’s.” Scotty claims that the thing that proved that they couldn’t get along without each other was the discovery that each of them liked corn bread for breakfast. Always popular as soloists, they have attained new heights as an unbeatable, singing and comedy team.
Local Business Founder Dies At 84 Solomon Loeb, 84 year old Lafayette business man and last survivor of three men who established the Loeb & Hene Company, died at 12:30 yesterday afternoon. He had been in bad health for several years, and had been critically ill since Sunday. Loeb came to Lafayette 69 years ago, and with his brother, Louis Loeb, and his brother-in-law, Samuel Hene, founded the Loeb & Hene Company. He was born in Kalstadt, Germany, and came to the United States at the age of 13. He is survived by his widow and^three sons, Sam, Bert, and Milton. Loeb & Hene’s will remain closed all day today and tomorrow in respect to the deceased. The* funeral services will be held Sunday at 2 p. m. in the family residence.
Student Senate Announces Names Of New Frosh Representatives
E. W. Swanson Wins Schlosser Bros. $100 Scholarship Eric W. Swanson, 18 year old 4-H club member from Knox, who is a sophomore in the school of agriculture, was named yesterday as the winner of a $100 cash scholarship given by Schlosser Brothers of Frankfort in recognition of his excellent 4-H club record and achievement as a student here, where he IS specializing in dairy production. Swanson, a club member for the past seven years, had the highest grades during both semesters of his freshman year of the 270 students in his class. This won for him the award given by the Purdue chapter of Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary fraternity. He has kept records on the home dairy herd for a number of years. His record shows that he was valedictorian of his high school graduating class.
LULU BELLE
Huffman Will Get Award At ChicagoIndiana Contest Blommgton, Ind., Feb. 4—Presentation of the annual Chicago Tribune award to the “most valuable football player in the Big Ten” will be made to Vernon Huffman, Indiana University star, between halves of the Chicago-Indiana basketball game here next Monday night. The presentation will be made by a member of the Tribune sport staff. Huffman, who is cocaptain of the Indiana basketball team, was selected as all-Confer-ence quarterback last fall, and won mention on many all-America gridiron combinations. Among the guests for the affair, will be Orville Hooker, Marion high school coach, who was Huffman’s coach in high school at Newcastle. Huffman is the second Indiana athlete to win the trophy. Chuck Bennett getting the award in 1928.
Sportswomen Sponsor Mixed Recreation Night Co-ed educational recreation night will be held this evening from 7:30 to 9:30 under the sponsorship of the Sportswomen. Every Friday hereafter, women may invite men for games of badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis. Regina Kelly and Louaima Thompson are in charge of the new plan.
Colonel “Tommy’ Tompkins Writes Farewell Poem Colonel S. R. H. “Tommy” Tompkins, retired commander of the 7th Cavalry, is leaving West Lafayette today for his home in San Antonio, Texas. The Colonel has been living at the home of Captain R. C. Singer during his 16 month stay here. “Tommy” has taken an interest in the University R. O. T. C. and has attended several reserve officer’s banquets. He was recently initiated into Scabbard and Blade as an honorary member. Those who attended the Military Ball of 1936 best remember him as the “handsome old man with the bisected beard, wearing a West Point dress uniform.” That beard, by the way, is said to be the most famous and unique growth in the Army. The colonel, wishing to express his appreciation for Lafayette hospitality wrote the poem printed below. Everyone who knows the colonel wishes him well and looks forward to his return in the spring for the annual corps review and the graduation exercises.
A FAREWELL !
My friends I'm leaving very soon For the town of San Antone I hate like hell to quit you now And I sure will feel alone. You people have been good to me In this town of Lafayette And to pull up stakes and leave you Will be done with much regret. Since coming to your good old town And meeting people fine I've enjoyed every minute * And had a sweet old time. The Purdue ROTQ Cadets I always will admire And seeing them and their great band Is a sight that does inspire. The other institutions that have ROTC too Will have to hump and shake a leg To equal Old Purdue. The co-eds, they are charming And surely know their stuff I’ve seen them in the Blazer And they certainly drink enough.
But still they keep their heads quite well And stand upon their feet And when it comes to classy dames Purdue’s are hard to beat. (P. S. I’ve only met one—in the Blazer) And now good friends the time has come For me to say goodbye We’ll fill our glasses to the brim And “Here’s mud in your eye’’ God bless you all. I surely think That life IB some infernal And when I’ve left I hope you’ll think Sometimes of the Old Colonel. —^Tommy Tompkins, Col. 7th Cavalry, Retired. (P. S. The above effusion was inspired by a sincere liking for the people of Lafayette, supplemented by a few bottles of beer, several old fashioned cocktails, etc*, etc. If I bad been well and had b^n able to consume the amount of liquor usually allotted to a Colonel of Cavalry, God knows what I might have written. However, let it go. The so-called poetry is from my beam)
Lions Club To Honor Team Committee appointments for the fifteenth annual Lions Club banquet which will be held on Wednesday evening, March 3, in honor of Coach Lambert and the Purdue basketball squad, were announced today by J. H. Lefforge, chairman of the major activity committee, as active plans for the annual gathering of hardwood fans got underway. The committee appointments announced were as follows: ticket sales, Justus Rising; program, J. H. Lefforge, Robert Phillips; menu and seating arrangements, P. J. Roberts; decorations, Ed Sherlock; publicity, J. H. Lefforge; entertainment and orchestra, George Kenzler; tickets at the door, H. G. Bundy, C. A. Hays; ushering, E. F, Degering, R. E. Roberts.
A brass tube sealed in the concrete base of the flagpole at the University of Idaho, Southern Branch, contains two copies of the names of the 303 P. P. A. workers who took part in building the new athletic stadium.
The Granddaughter’s Club at State Teachers’ College, Farmville, Virginia, consists of girls whose grandmother or mother attended Farmville State Teachers’ College.
EXPONENT STAFF
All male members of the editorial and sports staffs must to attend the staff meeting February 6 at 2 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Bring copies of class schedules. All sophomores and freshmen must be present to arrange work schedule. —MORRIS.
Name 11 Senators From 44 Nominees; First Fo Be Elected Under Regulated Campaign System Results of the freshman elections for positions in the Student Senate were announced last night by R. J. Craig, chairman of the election committee. Eleven Senators were elected from a group of 44 candidates, the candidates having been nominated on January 13.
This was the first group of senators to be elected under the new regulated - campaign system instituted by the Senate this fall. The new senators will be seated immediately and will take part in the work of the senate
this semester.
Number Elected Four were elected from the engineering class of freshmen, two from agriculture, with science, home economics, and pharmacy schools each electing one. The physical education school made no nominations and therefore is unrepresented. The results follow: Agriculture—J. L. Hackleman, S.
G. Peterson.
Engineering—D. Butterfield, P. T. Cooper, J. I. Dean, H. F. Fischbum, W. A. Hart, J. R. Wood. Home Economics—Prances Rae-
big.
Pharmacy—J. L. Simmons. Science—^Ruth Hall.
WRH To Have Open House WiU Receive Guests From 3 To 5 Sunday Residents in the Women’s Residence Hall and the Residence HaH Annex have issued an invitation to all students and faculty members of the University to attend an open house Sunday afternoon, February 7, from three till five o’clock. Girls in the Hall and annex will receive the guests at the door and conduct them on tours of inspection through both buildings. Tea wiR be served in the dining room daring
the afternoon.
Georganna Baker, social chairman; Catherine Davis, chairman of the music committee and the comittee members; Louise Sdxiclder, president; and Miss Helen B. Schleman, director, are making arrange-
ments.
Sports Carniyal Will Feature Relay Races One of the features of the annual sports carnival, scheduled for February 26, will be the relay races. There will be both interfraternily and interward contests, with the races being run continuously all through the evening. The fraternity teams will be divided into two groups, each team competing only with others in its own group. A trophy wiU be ^ven to the winner in each group. 'The ward squads wiU compete among themselves, and there will be an ag short course team. Requires Training This is one event of the carnival that will require training by most of the participants. Since each man of the fomr-man teams will have to run three heats of two laps each during the evening, those who are out of training will have some difficulty in making the grade. For the benefit of those who want to practice there will be a stop watch at the track in the gym every night fronl now on. “Chief” Clevett recommends that all those who e:^ect to participate start limbering up as soon as possible.
Kizer Addresses Almmii Club At Fort Wayue Coach Noble Kizer was the principal speaker at a dinner given by the Fort Wayne Alumni Club last night in that city. Alumni and their wives, friends, city coaches, and sports writers were guests. Included on the committee for arrangements were Eth Baugh, E. L. Simpson, Robert Eickmeyer, Myron R. Bone, Roscoe Tapp, and Dean CutshaR.
Subscription Blank for tS/fie ^utbue exponent Please enter my subscription for The Pordne EspmMwl for the remainder of the si^ool year. Enclosed find ehei^, cadi, or mmst order for $. ($1.60 by carrier^ $2.00 by rnsdt) ^(ame .................................................i.....
Address
Read the Purdue Eixponmt to kee|^ up with eampus news*
i r i t J 6 ! I : !t 11 : I *■
(?lip out and mail to The Purdue Eispliimt, 312 N. 6th St.,
* "t-'i ^ rni
ft^lJir -Si'
' ‘'Jr'
f^Tmt
THE PURDtfi EXPONENT
Friday, Febntery 6,1987
Grading Problems Many students have expressed dissatisfaction with the manner in which grades were apportioned last semester, as well as in all previous semesters. There seems to be confusion as to just what grading system is in use, with aU sorts of claims and counter-claims heard wherever students gather. According to those who should know, there is no “scale” for general use. The letter grades are supposed to be given in exact accordance with their definitions in the catalog, as H for exceptional ability, A for honor, B for merit, and P~for barely passing. But there are certain instructors who adhere closely to this socalled scale, going so far as to use exact percentages in handing out grades. The fact that grades do generally fall into a more or less constant percentage ratio is explained by the fact that an average range of ability is found in nearly every course, especially l^ose with large enrollments. One course in particular, English 1 (freshmen) has been the topic for considerable diccussion. Last semester, for example, there were no H’s and very few A’s given to over a thousand students, a situation seemingly bad. The explanation is simple; a larger percentage of superior students was assigned to an advanced course this year, while the grading standards remained the same as in previous years. The fact that very few high grades were given does not indicate that the grading system is wrong; rather, it shows that the orientation examinations were properly constructed so as to provide a good estimation of the ability of each student. The entire grading problem is very complex, and still far from perfect. But it is gratifying to learn that the faculty is giving considerable attention to it.
Education And Government Professor Albert Einstein, in a recent article in the Christian Register on education, discussed, among other things, the different types of education that exist in various countries today. In English schools the aim is to produce individuals who are capable of independent action and thought, but who feel that their greatest service in life is to the community. In Germany and Russia the schools are put on a very stem basis, so to speak. The professor’s word is law and the students must think as he thinks. In other words, the students think for themselves ve^ little. Professor Einstein found that conditions were just the opposite in Switzerland and in the United States. The teacher has as little disciplinary power as pdssible. The only source of respect for him is basely solely on his human and intellectual qualities, f When one reads Professor Einstein’s article he cannot help but observe the resemblance of the educational principles followed in these countries to the type of government they have. For example, take the countries mentioned above. In England, where they are taught to serve the community, the government is of the highest order. Educated men seek government work and only qualified men hold office; promotion is based on merit only. Graft in that country is at a minimum and the government is very efficient. In Germany and Russia, where obedience is the word in education, the governments follow what is taught in school. In this case the government’s word is absolute. The people have no chance whatsoever to criticize the government. They are taught this policy all through school, however, and the majority of the people accept it as a natural condition. In Switzerland and in this country the peo-
Purbue exponent
VWuMlallia
1986 Member 1987 ASSOCIATED COZAJB61ATB PBESS Distributors of COLLEGIATE DIGEST nePIWSCNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York n Y CHICAOO • Boston - San Francisco LOS ANOeLES . PORTLAND > SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the iiost office. Lafayette. Indiana. Ddivered by mail, $8.69 per year; delivered by earner, $2.60 per year; sold by sinsie copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street, Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EOITOBIAL STAFP BdHot-in^ailet W. T. Hunt Manapinp Editor JS. H. Morris Assodats Editow——. iK. A. Barnette, J. B. Braek, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistants W. IL Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J A. Chapim 3. B. Clark, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Sdiroeder, H. L Stanbaek, D. B. Vance E H XeUose. K. E. O’NeU,
Editor..
WOMENS STAFF
AasodatoEMtom-. . AdyexUsfiw Hanarer
-Helen Creech
JTeanne Janousde, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
Betty Barnett
BUSINESS STAFF SnsimMs Ifanaamr - — „ _ _ „ B. J. Hulse Mationsl Advertisina: Manager - L. H Brown JUwal Advertising Manager D. C. Miller Qbmlatton Manager-,,.- - „ .. 3. P. Girard
■dtlar.
Editon-
SPOBTS STAFF „ L. D. Wood „W. H. Fifldd, S. B. Griffiths, B F Obencham
Issue, Editor—W. T.. Hunt
pie are taught to think for themselves, and the governments follow the same principles. The people elect their representatives, and, if they do not approve of certain governmental policies, they say so. Graft does enter in, however, as the best educated men will not accept government positions—^they are not taught to serve the community first of all. This situation is more true in this country than in Switzerland. By retaining good points and eliminating bad points in our present educational system, the educators in this country have an excellent opportunity to improve the government in the future. Maybe the day will come yet, when such a thing as graft will not exist and the pick of the educated men will run our government.—C. D. S.
Personal Fire Insurance Recently a fire broke out in the basement of a rooming house which at the time was serving as the college home for sixteen students. In spite of all efforts of students and fire departments, the blaze climbed to the first floor, then to the second floor, taking student property and house furnishings with it. The loss was severe. Those sixteen students as well as others were left homeless; five were left without clothing, books, or even such funds as were brought from home for registration purposes. Others suffered loss of personal property due to the effects of smoke and water. Of this group of five, four were confronted with the problem of leaving school or replenishing their already depleted supply of cash from some new outside source. More than likely the disaster spelled finis to their college careers, for a semester at least. For a very reasonable sum, all personal property can be insured against loss by fire and too, by theft. Of course, there is no insurance against loss of a home temporarily, but there need be no disastrous loss of clothing and books. This is no attempt to advertise, merely a statement of fact. It really seems a very poor business policy to leave practically everything you have to the mercy of fate every time you leave your room. True, there is less than one chance in a hundred of a fire in your home, but what take that risk?—^L. S. H.
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
Suckers To the Editor: We, when I say we I mean the American people as a whole, are the most gullible souls in the world. Whether they are males or females seems to make no difference although the males seem to have the edge as suckers. Take any of the numerous flower sales that are held at various times throughout the year for the benefit of the wounded soldiers or benevolent organizations. High school girls are distributed on every corner in the entire business district to prey on all passing pedestrians, with the males being the most likely prospects. Incidentally, I sometimes wonder Adhere all the money that is made on these sales goes and if it eventually reaches its destination in whole or in a very battered condition charged up to expense. Then there is that kind hearted guy who is always beaming with good fellowship that appears false, selling tickets. These tickets are for a worthy cause that you should support, by buying a ticket for a card party that you don’t want to go to or a banquet that is priced beyond reason. Once he starts this friendship panning he must keep it up indefinitely, lest he be forced to buy tickets from previously sold friends. Church socials, chafity bazaars, and all other money raising schemes are what might truly be called a pain in the neck. Taking into consideration that the affairs are for a good cause, pretty girls extracting money from poor, unsuspecting males under the guise of charity leaves a bad taste in my mouth. Why in the name of the Democratic party or others don’t they just pry the money out of these fellows on a charitable viewpoint and let it go at that. Think of all the practice that it gives these females for extracting money from the males and the marvelous technique that they will have at their disposal for later use. Lastly, the contributions made to political parties for campaigns that turn out to be nothing but hot air sessions put on for the benefit of the suckers. The big-shots are asked outright for a remittance while the small fry are solicited through the mail. If you get your fill of political hooey through a campaign then the best way to get rid of it would be to cut down on your contributions to the campaign funds.—E. H. K.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus ac . tivity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honor ary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
It’s good old VI again, folks— she is back in her own again—a telegram came from her Indianapolis hoy friend yesterday stating that he would arrive on said day— it came collect—amount 37c . . . SIMILES: -as blonde as JANET DECKER’S and EVAUGHN PRIQE’S hair... j —as experienced as JAYNE BENNEWITZ . . . —as dumb as a physical ed nonclass attender . . . —as old as DOC ALLEN’S jokes (Chem.) . .. —as drunk as a Kappa Sig . . . —as blusterous as the Sweet Shop during class hours . . . How did you like the beautiful feature story in yesterday’s paper concerning as how DOROTHEA ALICE” JUSTIN didn’t get necked under Heavilon Hall Tower—as for the story, the only reason that it was used was the dire need for copy —as for the girl—quote an EXPONENT man, “I’d kiss you, ALICE, if I didn’t have a cold—thank heavens” . . . them is my sentiments, too . . .
WALT SCHOLER doesn’t know it but LORNA McLEOD, the Army Brat, placed his fi sigh gravy bowl on another girl—the need for a pin was very urgent the other day when one of the gals in the UNION SHOW “Castles In The Air,” needed a pin for her shorts . . . said need was furnished in the form of SCHOLER’S pm even the great UNION EXECUTIVE must suffer for the sake of the show ARMY BOOTS There was a young man at PURDUE, Who tried on his boots. (They were new) But they wouldn’t come off. So twixt groan and a cough. He cried, “What the -?!r|@ am I gonna do?” —J. E. B.
ED HOKANSON must have the biggest feet in the Sig Nu house . . . he spent two hours and four frosh trying to get them on . . . he hopes to have them off in time to go swimming this summer . . , The Pan Hellenic’s pledge brawl was some race—a race to see who could get to the sorority pledges first—^among the upper-classmen who suddenly took on a pledge complexion (a pledge pin) were: DON FARQUHARSON, CHUCK COE, BLIMP GINGRICH, BILL GILLIL AN, WALLY CRAIG, WAYNE GIFT, WES DWIGHT, ART SIEBENTHAL,HE MONTFORT, BILL UPTON, BOB BAXTER, CHAR LEY GRANNON, JIM MURPHY, and to top the list ROY KOHN decked out in his pretty military uniform to catch the eye of the gullible, charming and egotistical little pledges . . . this isn’t the whole list but it will do for a sample .. by the way, I forgot HENSLER FOUR MARS PASSES for the best idea for a contest to be run next week . . . turn them in at the UNION desk before 4 today. . . .
Sodas Malted Milk Sandwiches Huffman Drug Co. 305 State, W. L.
FAMILY TODAY - SATUBDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS
Ualv«vt*l Plflur*
— and —
Peter B. Kynes "Westbound < Mail" with Charle$ Starrett
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“You heard us—^tea and crumpets!”
A R € Today - Saturday
Ralph Bellamy and Margaret Churchill in “THE FINAL HOUR” —and— Jack Perrin in “DESERT JUSTICE” —also— Clyde Beatty in “DARKEST AFRICA” —pins— “LITTLE BLACK SAMBO”
with RAY MILUND SIR GUY STANDING HEATHER ANGEL REGINALD DENNY Added comedy TRAVELTALK IN COLOR
LUMA TODAY - SATUBDAY
TWO BIG FEATURES
NEW
NOW PLAYING 2 FIRST RUN HITS Maxwell Anderson's great drama . . . and the stars who made great! •—inal story o inspirational power and beauty. BURGESS *MERED|TH aii<$ MARGO * EOirAROOClANNELU • JOHN CMBtDINE • EOWMOEUIS Directed by Alfred Santell * A Pondro S. Berman Production • KKO.RADIO PICTURE
—PLUS SECOND FEATUBE— Love on the rebound... second choice marriages... stolen affections. . . . “Ring Around The Moon,” a story of three people who dared love to ruin their lives. tll€
OONAU) COOK niN 0 8RIEN MOORE AUN EDWARDS ANN DORAN JOrtJ OUAim
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW Ii’#5; T
; If ^-v.., u / * •'
'w'i I'^y.
■ V'l
‘J, J '"i - ; '■'• ' 't*'‘''' -'-A-
griW, Febnitry Bi 18W
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Mejciiieh Meet Hoosier A. C. Tomorrow
Boilermakeir Team Loses Three Stars
By B. D. WitweT A Crippled Rurdue swimming team will open its schedule of nine meets tomorrow afternoon at 3 o’clock taking on the Hoosier Athletic Club team in the Memorial Gymnasium pool. Coach LaBree seemed to be put out a great deal by the unexpected ineligibility of three of his star veterans. Both of his distance men, Closson and Whitcomb, will be out for a week or so until they become eligible again, but during that week or so the Boilermaker squad meets fndiana, and these two men were very definitely reasons why Coach LaBree was hopefully pointing for a victory over this traditional foe. Another man who gave him hope for a win, but who will be out for the rest of the season is Kerber, the team’s ace back-stroker. Combine Unprovpn Thus it is that the swimming com-
'l)ine, which is about half senior veterans and half sophomores with one or two juniors, is a$ Jrct largely unproven as to its Skill in rolling ,up pointsi One particularly outstanding man in the Short distances is Vernor, who placed third in the Conference meet last year and who is said to be even better this year. The team as a whole is in pretty good shape* in spite of the lay-off during exams, because of its trip to the South during the-Christmas vacation. They will open their Big Ten schedule next Friday in the Memorial Gymnasium pool at 3:00 p. m. with Indiana. In regard to the season’s lineup of opponents LaBree said, “I’m sure we could have taken many of them, but now I don’t know.” Squad Lineup The acquatic Boilermakers who will take part in the meet are; Vernor, Wallace, and Armstrong in the 220 yard free style; McCauley or Jacobi, Carr, and Stewart in the 300 yard medley relay; Parwell, and Wallace or Stewart in the 60 yard free style; Craig and Tredwell as divers; Vernor, Wallace, and Stewart in the 100 yard free style; Tredwell and Jacobi in the 150 yard backstroke; Van Delester and Carr in the 200 yard breast stroke; Gillis and Armstrong in the 440 yard free style; and Farwell, Stewart, Wallace, and Vernor in the 400 yard relay.
QUALITY
in every
loaf
of
BREAD
Graves Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
'He says our car won’t run.” 'Well—^have it fixed at Peter Anderson Co.”
All Kinds of Repairing for Your Automobile
Wrecker Road Service
Peter Anderson Co.
We Never Close
525 Alabama
Phone 4048
tyStVEl.t^ yOUA/G
^ JOAtA/ S/A/SS
Well out in front in the scoring race of the Big Ten Conference, Young ranks as fourth highest scorer in the state to date. He has piled up a total of 138 points in 12 games. Coming along not very far behind is Purdue’s next highest point compiler, John Sines, who, although he hasn’t seen as constant action as some of the other veterans, still has 86 points to his credit in 12 games.
ielder’s.... ....choice # .I.- By Bob Walpole -
And so Purdue dropped one to Notre Dame . . . don’t let it worry you, however, for perhaps it was good psychology to lose that tussle . . . why? . . . weU, the team was dead cold after more than a week of idleness due to mid-year examinations . . . they needed some type of warm-up to prepare for the remainder of the strenuous schedule that faces them . .. —fc— Overconfidence is one of the chief worries of a varsity coach, and it has wrecked many a championship team ... a loss such as the Irish downfall may eliminate that . . . the result of this game will be seen at the end of the season . . . —^fc— Don’t misunderstand this to be a post-mortem ... no excuses for a cleaning, for there is no good in crying over spilled milk . .. —-fc— Although spring at present seems far distant, a number of the varsity batsmen are getting in shape for the coming season ... Purdue’s nine ought to be tough in the spring . . . —^fc— i Here’s a change in the swimming meet scheduled for Saturday . . . the meet will be a duo instead of a trio . . . DePauw will not be represented . . . two of Coach Larry LaBree’s mermen are ineligible and another is married .. . Gordon Kerber and Ed Closson fall under the first group and VanDelester made the long dive . . . although Closson will be out of this meet, he is expected to see action later in the season . . .
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoif, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Rooms For Rent—At the Gold and Black, 356 Northwestern avenue. Phone 41961.
For Rent—^Half of double room, 211 Sheets street. Call 86773.
For Rent—^West Side student room adjoining bathroom. Private entrance. Phone 41671.
Want^—Upperclassmen to share large downstairs room jn West Lafayette. Call 46904.
Lost—Gold Benrus watch in the downstairs washroom of the Union about 6 p. m. yesterday. Reward. Call 6986.
Plat Top Desk—Two metal adjustable chairs, each $1.50. (Books, lots of them. Back numbers of magazines).—Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 North^^Fifth street.
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882 •
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DB. ROBKRT G. bisk DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 6701
NO MORE CLOGGED-^UP
FiONTAliN PENS
1
Fill your pen -with thisnew ink creation—Parker Qutn&'
Qutnfc cleans a pen as it
~ ■ Pe
writes—b. Parker Pen or any other. Dissolves sediment left by pen-Kdogging inks.
Always rich, brilliant—never watery. Get it at any store selling ink, 16c and 25c.
*Rirlcc
rarker -m
ijniitk
Made by The Parker Pen Co.,Janesoilk,Wis.
CGI ICG
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
Scrivnor Calls Wrestlers
Prospects For Team To Appear Today, Monday In Gym
Purdue has long been lacking in one of the most important phases of intercollegiate competition — wrestling. Every other Big Ten school has a wrestling squad, but here at Purdue there has, until now, been either a lack of material or interest, or both. The chance has come to fill this gap in the sports department. Glen Scrivnor has issued a call for all men interested in forming a wrestling team to turn out today or Monday at four o’clock in the north end of Memorial Gsrmnasium. Glen has been chosen to act as coach for the team, and will start instruction immediately. Wide Experience Scrivnor is a wrestler of wide experience and has an excellent reputation in state wrestling circles. He had four years of wrestling in high school, and won the state prep championship. He has competed in and won the wrestling championship in three sports carnivals here. This coaching offer comes at a very opportune time. With practice, the squad can get in shape in time to enter the A. A. U. wrestling tournament at Terre Haute late in March.
SHORT COURSE BASKETBALL
TODAY
Court 1—Official, Mann 7:00—Green vs. Orange. 7:16—^White vs. Black. Court 2—Official, Ross 7:00—Gray vs. Blue. Court 3—OflScial, Abell 7:00—Brown vs. Red. 7:16—^Yellow vs. Purple.
"DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
CbaeliMiirtiiiGiiiisFixr Track Men; AspifanlaTo Meet In Gym At4Todi^
Track Coach Martin issued a general call last night for all men interested to turn out in the Memorial Gymnasium this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The track lettermen from last year’s squad have been working hard in preparation for their meet with Chicago University on February 12. Long distance men have been beating an endless tattoo since early in November to gain top positions instiff competition for this event. Dashmen likewise have plenty of competition. Other Events Aside from these events there is plenty of room for new and better material in the pole-vault, hurdles, and shot put divisions. Coach Martin finds that often the best men on his squad in certain events have not been out for track in high school and that previous experience is not always a correct criterion of ability.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
518-20 Main St.
This Week
et
A SPECIAL SALE ON
HART SCHAFFNER & MARX
SUITS
There are tmly a limited amount of these suits so act quickly—sizes 35 to 44 regulars, stubs, stouts.
*325« NOW «23®® *37,®® NOW
OVERCOATS
Here are about fifty Overcoats, Hart Schaffner and Marx and others which sold at
*27®« and *29®«
NOW
1985
These prices in effMt for ten days only!
500 MAIN ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC,
Mm' 'i' '^7^
^1 4 ^y
D/;-
■i?. t;
glgeSiat
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Februayy 5,1937
Club Notes
By Eleanor Benton Mrs. T. R. Johnston, of Northwestern Heights, will be hostess to the Kensington Club today. The program, which begins at 2:30 will be in charge of Mrs. Keller Beeson.
The Agapai Club will hold its ♦^meeting at Mrs. Thomas Reece’s home on 243 Pierce street. West Lafayette, on Monday, February 8, at 2 o’clock. Dean Mary L. Matthews, of home economics school, will be the guest speaker.
The Fortnightly Club will meet Tuesday night, February 9, at 8 o’clock at the home of Dean and Mrs. Fisher, 325 Vine street. West Lafayette
The annual husbands’ dinner-
Roth Florist, Inc.
CompletaFloral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 — 8050
bridge party, giyen by the members of the Edgewood Club, will be held at the Lahr Hotel at 6:30 o’clock Tuesday, February 9. Mrs. Charles Bradshaw is chairman of the committee, and is assisted by Mrs. E. L. Hightchew, Mrs. E. E. McConnell, and Mrs. Gene McKee.
The Home Economics Club will meet Wednesday, February 10, at 2 o’clock at the home of Mrs. James St. John, 116 Sylvia street. West Lafayete.
The Biography of Charlotte Perkins Gilman will be reviewed by Mrs. T. R. Johnston at the next meeting of the West Lafayette Readipg Club. Mrs. C. K. Robbins, 418 Vine street, West Lafayette, will be the hostess of the meeting, which will be held at 2:30 o’clock Wednesday, February 10.
The Guest Day meeting of the American Literature Club will be held Thursday, February 11, at 2:30 in the faculty lounge of the Purdue Memorial Union Building.
The Taka-Art Club will meet on Thursday, February 11, at 2:15 at Mrs. A. E. Turley’s home on 153 Mrs. A. E. Turley’s home at 153
That Suit Looks A Bit Shabby
DonU wait for your best friend to have to tip you off—^keep your clothes new and snappy looking with the aid of this snper cleaning service. We’ll keep your clothes tip-top at all times—and at surprisingly low cost. It means longer suit life too. Send that suit here today.
West Side Cleaners
222 NORTH
"Indiana's Most Modern Cleaning Plant"
PHONE 4081
mbs JOHN ALLEN WHJTNEJ 7Qa FAIRFAX DRIVE FBILADELPHIA. PENNA.
F.W.C.
February Only! RYTEX TWOTONE-GREYTONE PRINTED STATIONERY With contrasting color inside sheets and envelopes!
New indeed . . . delightfully so . . . smooth white vellum with faint grey lines on the outside . . . and on the inside . . . lines in soft pastel shades of Blue, Green, Orchid or Ivory.
50 DOUBLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
$1
With Name and Address on Sheets and Envelopes ... or Monogram on Sheets, Address on Envelopes.
Note Sheets
For gaily brief correspondence you will want these smart Note Sheets ... in the same exquisite color combinations as the double sheets. 50 Note Sheets and 50 Envelopies, including printing . . . only $1! Buy several boxes of each for future use and for gifts. February Only!
HAYWOOD’S
Retail Dept. Lafayette, Ind.
assistant hostess will be Mrs. C. E. Naramore.
The Changing World will be the topic of discussion at the next meeting of the Penelope Club to be held on Thursday, February 11, at 2:00 o’clock. Mrs. J. P. Wayne, 216 Stadium avenue, West Lafayette, will be the hostess.
The Sorosis Club will hold its next meeting at the home of Mrs. D. H. McKinney, 916 Wells street, Lafayette, on Thursday, February 11, at 2:00 o’clock.
111
Household Notes -''
■I
By Mary Cooley
Parties, luncheons, and dinners sometimes result in recipe exchanges with new ideas in preparation and serving of unusual and delicious dishes. Recent holiday parties have brought some interesting recipes to light.
Perhaps those of us who dote on making candy, especially caramels, are not familiar with the caramellike ice-box cake and might welcome the directions for making this luscious dessert. The necessary ingredients are a can of evaporated milk and one pound of vanilla wafers. Place the can of milk (do not open the can) in boiling water. Boil two hours; remove can and allow to cool. Now open the can and pour the caramelized milk over a thin layer of vanilla wafers. Alternate layers of caramel and wafers until desired thickness is obtained. Set in cool place for several days to permit the caramel to soak and soften the wafers thoroughly. Cut and serve with whipped cream.
Debris Salesmen—Very important meetingr of all salesmen 4 p. m. f^iday, February 6, in the Debris office. Bring all salesbooks and money. —VAN NATTA.
Playshop Board—^Meeting at 4 p. in. February B. —BUBLITZ.
Student’s Bible Class—^Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. February ’6. "Wonders of Prophecy” Everybody welcome. —AINSLIE.
Student Alliance—Election of officers in room B of the Memorial Union Building, at 8 p. m. February 6. —GINN,
Reamer Club—Important meeting February 8, at 7 p. m. in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. —BUXTON.
P. I. A —Important board meeting February 6, at 4 p. m. in the office. —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Volleyball—Interclass practice for sophomores, juniors, and seniors at 4 today. Freshmen may practice at 4:30 if they didn’t get to practice Thursday. —THATCHER.
Skit Shop—"Tobacco Alley” cast rehearsal February 5 at 4 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building —WHITE.
W. A. A.—Compulsory tumbling at 4 p. m , February B. —WALKER.
Sportswomen—Important meeting at B p. p. m., February B, in Women’s Gym. —WALKER.
N. Y. A.—All N. Y. A. checks, including those from Wa to end of alphabet, for period ending January 10, are available at the cashier’s office. —HOLLENSBE.
Freshman Debate Team—^Debris picture picture will be taken in faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building Friday, February B, at 7:1B p. m. —EHINGER.
Roger Williams Club—Coming out party at 8 p. m. February B, in West Lafayette Baptist Church. —GLEASON.
W. A. A. Bowling—^Two practices necessary to enter the Intramural Bowling tournament. Please practice before February 9 and report scores at the alley. —BOEHM.
Y. W. C. A. Music Committee—^Meet in y. W. C. A. office February 6 at 1 p. m. —WIEN.
Playshop Board—^Debris picture of group to be taken in faculty lounge m Memorial Union Building, Friday, February B at 6 :BS p m. —EHINGER.
OmiCron Nu—^Debris picture of group to be taken in faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building Friday, February B at 7:05 p m —EHINGER
A chocolate crispy cooky, which is almost a confection, can be made without baking. This novel cooky is equally popular among busy mothers, tea-sippers, and hungry children. The ingredients are: 1 lb. sweet chocolate. 2 squares bitter chocolate. 6)4 cups com flakes. 1)4 cups of nuts. To the melted chocolate (both sweet and bitter together), add the flakes and nuts. Drop in size desired on baking sheets and set in a cool place to harden. Of course the cookies melt and become a little sticky in extremely warm weather, but they may be kept in the refrigerator.
Tau Kappa Alpha—^Debris picture of the group to be taken in faculty lounge of the J^emorial Union Building Friday, February B, at 6 '45 p. m. i —EHINGER.
Women’s Debate—^Debris picture of the group to be taken in faculty lounge in Memorial Union Building, Friday, February 5 at 7 :25 p m —EHINGER.
AS THE SUN GOES CUT YOUR SPEED
DOWN!
“Slow down or go down” tnlghf well become the motto of every driver after the sun goes down. Because of the relative Ineffective range of visibility afforded by most headlights of cars, speed around 30 miles per hour should be about the limit during hours of darkness. Automobile accidents are far more serious when they occur during hours of darkness than when they happen In daytime, It is shown by the statistics of the Travelers Insurance Company. During last year, there was not a single one of the twelve hours of normal darkness in which the rate of death per accident was less than during daytime. Tet despite this fact, which has prevailed for a number of years, many drive their automobiles as fast during darkness as in the daytime. From 6 a. m. to 6 p. m., the normal daylight hours, there were 459,510 automobile accidents last year in which 16,050 persons were killed. From 6 p. m. to 6 a. m., the normal hours of darkness, when the volume of traffic generally is only one-fifth as great as in daytime, there were 422,490 automobile accidents in which 20,950.^ persons were killed. This comparison shows that the rate of death per accident was 51.4 per
cent worse during the hours of dark-i ness than during the hours of day>| light, and on the basis of traffic to1*i ume, the rate of death during hours of darkness was several hundred per cent greater than during daylight. A further Indication that fast driyIng at night is exceedingly danger^, ous Is to he found in a comparison of | the casualties In the four rush.hours) of the forenoon and the four rushi hours of evening. Last year 2,810' persons were killed In 79,380 accM dents in the four rush hours from' 6 to 10 in the mornings, while 10,940' persons were killed in 252,250 accl-‘ dents In the four rush hours from! 5 to 9 in the evenings. The deaths In' the four evening hours exceeded the| record of the four morning hours by' 289 per cent, while the rate of death { per accident during the four eve-! nlng hours was 22.6 per cent worse j than for the four morning hours. ' From 1 to 6 a. m., when traffic is' lightest, the rate of death per accident was nearly 32 per cent worse than the average for all accidents combined. There isn’t any doubt that during i hours of darkness the probability of an automobile accident proving serious is much greater than during daylight. ' ^*"1
As a rule small children love marshmallows and so they cry for them m any form. One skillful mother prepares a tasty cooky with marshmallows and crackers. A marshmallow is placed on each of the crackers, graham or soda, on the baking sheet; this combination is then placed in the oven to roast. The marshmallow puffs up, sticks to the cracker, and browns. This sticky concoction may be served as an accompaniment or m place of a cooky at any time.
NOTICES No notices accopted after 8 p. m.
Freshman Feneins—^Freshman fencing will start February 9 at 4 p. m. There wiU be a meeting in the fencing room wbich is located at the south end of the fourth floor of the R^itation Building. —LACEY.
W. A. A. Badminton—Sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’s Gymnasium before February 8. if you wish to participate in the Badminton tournament. —MAIEB.
P. E. W.—A new bowling class for beginners has been added to the winter term schedule. This will be held Wednesdays and Fridays at 9 a. m. —HAZBLTON.
WBAA Operators and Aspirants—Meet in Studio A of Electrical Engineering Building February 8 at 4 p. m, —LAWRENZ.
P. I. A.—Regular Friday dance class will meet promptly at 7 p. m. February 6 in ballroom. BUTCHER.
Baptist and Short Course Students—Coming out jKirty in church basement February 5 at 8 p. m. Virginia Slocum and Clayton Hall are in charge. —SCHATZLEY.
W. A. A. Bowling—^Two practices necessary to enter intramural bowling tourney. Please get these in and report to your managers before February 9. . —BOEHM.
W. A. A. Ping-Pong—Following games must he played by February 6: Edson vs. Lemon; Yerkes vs. Reverda; Rietb vs. Relchets; H. Plank vs. Gossard; Hosack vs. Clymer; C. Davis vs. Bouton; Reece vs. Slinkard; Kusmitz vs. G. Baker. Be sure that your score is recorded on the bulletin board in the, Women’s Gym. —MAIBR.
Union Sophomores—My committee will meet in the workshop at 4 p. m. February 5. —WIEGANDT.
Radio Cinfa—^Meeting February 5, in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:80 p. m. —BERNSTEIN.
Turn Your Assets Into
CASH
IF YOU HAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations Books, clothes, guns, cars—anything you want to sell
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer.
CALL 5038
For Detailed Information Concerning Exponent Classified Ad.
\