Illustrator Entertains Convo Goers Relating his experiences as a marionettier while simultaneously presenting short skits and playlets with puppets in last night’s convo program, Tony Sarg, erudite creator of puppetry, entertained for 90 minutes the 2,000 members of a Memorial Gymnasium audience. In the second half of his program, the pudgy entertainer made lightning sketches! of a carnel and an elephant. At Sarg’s request, Dick Lukenbill modeled for a portrait of a lad fishing. Instead the cartoonist drew a picture of the model in a fish bowl. Climaxing the program, Sarg presented a short sketch, “The Couch Medicine,” and added a pantomime of a politician making a speech. Sarg, clever and subject to “brainwaves,” made his “Greedy George,” a cocky little puppet, munch crackers from the hand of Betty Morrison. Assisted by two local puppeteers, he made his “Rolak Juggler” toss a ball around with ease. A snake charmer sang, danced, and chanted, and finally hypnotized a snake to dance and bow. Freshmen To Crown Queen At Potters' Dance Tomorrow ■j “Hail the Queen!” Thus will ringmany freshie voices as her majesty is crowned at the Green Potters’ Dance to be held in the Union ballroom tomorrow evening at 9 o’clock. After the Queen has been presented to the audience, she and her escort will lead the grand march. Nomination petitions for Queen must be in by 5 o’clock this evening, announced Charles Gibson, president of the Green Potters, last night. Petitions for Queen should be signed by 10 freshmen and be turned in at the west desk of the Union. Names of the nominees for Queen will be published in the Exponent tomorrow morning and will also be posted at the entrance to the ballroom. Nutrition Co-eds To Attend State Meet “Recent Developments in Chemical MHhods for Detecting Vitamin Deficiencies” will be the subject of a talk by Dr. Cecelia Schuck of the University dietetics department at the State Dietetic Association meeting in Indianapolis tomorrow. Members of Dr. Schuck’s senior nutrition class will attend this meeting and will make an inspection tour of the dietary department of the University hospital in Indianapolis. The gi-oup will leave this afternoon in time to attend the opening banquet this evening. The following girls, accompanied by Mary Louise Bone, graduate assistant, will make the trip: Dorothy Bryant, Mabel Campbell, Vera J. Douglas, Mary J. George, Cue Holden, Pearl Jackson, Marjorie Louis, Mary Alice Masters, Lorene Ristow, Mary Louise Schafer, Lenore Wells, and Emily W uelfing. Flying Club Prexy Receives License Sophomore Purdue aviator 0. H. Skinner, president of the Flying Cluby, received Monday his commercial flying license and the rating of “instructor.” Department of Commerce officials recently invoked new rules for flying as a means of increasing safety in air travel, and instituted a difficult flight and mental examination as a qualification for obtaining commercial licenses. Skinner flew his Lambert Monocoupe during his test flight. This summer Skinner will give flying instruction and operate charter trips from his airport at Lake Wawasee. His equipment includes an amphibian plane in addition to the Monocoupe. He is 20^ years old, the youngest airport operator holding an “instructor” rating' in Indiana.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY April B, 1938 Udayett0,1nSaxut VOL 49 No. 148
■■■ %
Plan Lifesaving Classes Gordon Will Play Tonight For
Red Cross To Sponsor Student Instruction
John E. Herndon, First Aid and Life Saving representative of the National Red Cross from Washington, D. C., will conduct life saving classes for University students and others from Tippecanoe county, beginning Monday evening at 7 o’clock in the swimming pool of the new
Fieldhouse.
The course will consist of special life saving and water safety instruction for future examiners and instructors in life saving. The course will continue through Friday, April
15.
Herndon graduated from the University of Tennessee in 1932, and later from the Red Cross national aquatic school of Brevard, North Carolina. At the present time, he is one of the many national Red
Annual Union Cabaret Dance
John E. Herndon Cross specialists devoting their time in teaching first aid and life saving to community groups throughout the country.
Radio Stage To Air Southworfli Trophy Script Tomorrow Radio Stage will take the air tomorrow afternoon at one o’clock to present the play “Gavrilo,” winner of the 1938 Southworth Script trophy. “Gavi'ilo” is concerned with the immediate causes of the World War and includes a studio re-enactment of the assasination of the Archduke of Austria. The play was adapted for radio use from the story by Charlie Mm'phy. The story, also entitled “Gavrilo,” was published in the book Doldrums. Included in the cast of the radio presentation are Shirley Yonover, Barbara Gibbs, Nancy Phillips, Bert Brink, and Bob Schlendorf. According to Sam Marks, directoi' of the Saturday afternoon dramatic program. Radio Stage will use its pi'ogram time April 16 to present special arrangements and adaptations of scenes from the coming Playshop production, “Ceiling Zero.” D. E. Ross To Speak At Omaha Meeting Two staff members and several University graduates will travel to Omaha, Neb., to attend and take part in the fourth annual Chemurgic Council of agriculture, industry, and science, April 25, 26, and 27. David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees, will preside over the “Houses from the Farm” meeting of the convention. Prof. H. R. Kraybill, state chemist and head of the agricultural chemistry department, will explain the process for improving soybean oil, as worked out at the University. E. F. “Soybean” Johnson, Ag. ’17 president of the National Soybean Processors’ Association, will discuss the past and future prospects for the utilization of soybean products. Dr. James W. Hayward, Ag ’21, of Minneapolis, will talk on soybean oil meal. Paul Jones, ChE ’27, of Lafayette, chief chemist for the Rostone Corporation, will discuss “Hou.ses from the Farm” in connection with Rostone, a synthetic building material developed from shale and limestone. Pan-Hellenic Rush Rules Will Head Discussion At Next Meeting Of Council Rush rules for the coming yearwill be discussed at a meeting of Pan-Hellenic representatives with Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton Tuesday, April 12, it was decided’ at a meeting of the Pan-Hel-lenic conference yesterday afternoon. Attending the discussion meeting with Dean Stratton will be the PanHellenic council members of this year and next, former and newly elected sorority presidents, and past and present rush chairmen.
Purdue Will Enter Six Art Originals In Big Ten Exhibit Six originals done in any of the following phases, oil and tempi'a painting, water colors and pastels, graphics, sculpture, ceramics, and applied design will be chosen to represent Purdue in the annual Big Ten Art Exhibition. It was previously announced that the final date of acceptance was April 1 but Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen announced yesterday that the time had been extended until April 13. In former years Purdue has failed to have representations, but this year there seems to be interest sufficient to justify entrance. The original works, after receiving the Big Ten official label, will be shipped to Iowa State University. From there they will be sent on an exhibition tour of the vaidous BigTen schools. Miss Schantz-Hansen and Lloyd Vallely, director of the Purdue Union, have been chosen to act on the jury of selection. Kappa Psi... . . . pharmaceutical honorary society announces the pledging of the following pharmacists: H. A. Roberts, Fort Wayne; G. E. Osborn, Rochester; L. E. Reilf, Fort Wayne; D. E. Fonner, Wolcottville; J. E. Orr, Delphi; P. E. Oxley, Troy, 0.; H. Bikin, Chicago, 111.; J. M. Brewer, Crown Point; J. H. Houseworth, Elkhart; R. F. Gerding, Ft. Wayne; H. ’ E. Eberhard, Angola; F. N. Hughes, Ontario, Canada; W. J. Sanders, Lafayette; and S. D. Weldy, Noblesville.
Cot.LielierTellsOf Conservation At Water Works Meet Col. Richard Lieber, of Indianapolis, discussed the topic “National Conservation Program^—^Its Relation to Public Water Supplies” on the opening program of the 31st annual meeting of the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association, whose members assembled yesterday in the Union for the first meeting of their two-day session. Colonel Lieber is the first director of Conservation Department of Indiana and also the president of the National Conference on State Parks. Colonel Lieber’s program calls for the observance by the National government of five essential points. In essence, his program requests that the conservation of natural resources be recognized as one of the major functions of government. Dean A. A. Potter gave an address of welcome to the visitors, after which several officials of state water works presented their viewpoints on water works problems. Episcopal Men's Choir To Give Easter Cantata Purdue’s staff will be well represented in the. Easter cantata to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building, Sunday at 4 p. m. Prof. L. W. LaBree, Prof. H. G. Venemann and Assistant Dean of Men Fred I. Goldsmith will singsolo parts in “The Crucifixion” written by Sir John Stainer. I. W. Metzger, choirmaster and organist will direct the St. John’s Episcopal church choir’s performance which is being given in commemoration of Palm Sunday. Dean Matthews Will Talk At N. Vernon Tomorrow Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics is to speak at the seventeenth annual convention of the State Sunshine Society at North Vernon tomorrow. In addition to her talk she will lead a discussion on “Finding Your Place in Life.”
Dorothea Gets Dope On University's 6 Model Men
By Dorothea Justin “Tsk, tsk, I shouldn’t eat candy,” mournfullY commented Lew Morrison last night, as he finished a candy bar. “Why, it’ll spoil ipy figure for the style show.” The six models for the men’s styles in tonight’s show are among Purdue’s best good men and true. Four announce themselves as 5 feet, 10 inches tall. All will model business suits, sports outfits, and summer formals. Bob Heine, slim, curtly pressed, who has evidenced a clever clothes sense all his life, will wear new style coats recently shown in the East. Gaberdine for Sloap Dave Sloan, brown eyed and brown haired clean cut American type, will wear green gaberdine. The handsome lad knew his weight •— 150 pounds—but took off his shoe to read the size. Triumphantly, he declared it to be 9%, width D. Bernard Everett, blonde, curlyheaded actor-model (he had a leading part in “Of Thee I Sing”) was chuckling almost continually while being interviewed yesterday. “They tell me my per.?ect 26 waistline is slipping!” To a query about his weight he said hopefully, “Oh, it is about 15^!” Hjs conscience noticeably pricked hkn, for he blushed
Unique Thirty-Minute Style Show Scheduled For 10:30; Tickets On Sale At Union Desk, Door Tickets for the third annual Union Cabaret formal dance tonight will remain on sale from 8 until 4 today at the main Union desk. At 4 they will be at a special desk in the lobby, and will also be available at the door at $2.00 apiece. The dance, with music by Gray Gordon, will be from 9 until 1 o’clock in the cabaret atmosphere of the Union ballroom.
“The Unlon’s Cabaret formal haS always been the most popular dance that they present during the year,” Union vice-president W. K. Millholland stated last night. The main feature of the evening will be a 30minute style show at 10:30, -with both eds and co-eds modeling. The men will show clothes from Gullion’s, Geisler’s, and the Baltimore
Clothes Shop. Co-ed Models
The co-ed style show, with gowns from Loeb and Hene’s, will be presented by Winifred Gregory, Peggy Boyce, Louise Smith, Louise Bain, Virginia Hulse, Virginia Royce, Jeanne Janousek, Margaret Richey, Treva Berry, Martha Norman, Marian White, Marian Kristjanson, and
Peggy Dix.
The Union ballroom will be flanked with tables, to give the cabaret effect, and during the dance, soft drinks will be served. Corsages for the dance, which is not a co-ed bid affair, will be placed at the tables at the beginning of the dance. Featured with Gray Gordon and his orchestra, are Betty and Shirley Lane, and Curley Van, vocalists. They are coming direct from the Merry Garden Ballroom in Chicago where they broadcast nightly over the NBC networks.
stalwartly and amended, “155 or so” . . . sigh. Five feet ten high, he wears size 8% C shoes. Ross- Drever was getting- beauty sleep yesterday. A call to the Delt house brought a message from pledge Hayes that Ross was in bed with orders not to be disturbed. Gene S. Wright, model-engineer who will show several outfits tonight, wasn’t home. A call to Gene K. Wright, also listed in the directory elicited the fact that both boys are from Sheridan and used to receiving each other’s mail and phone calls—but not to exchanging modeling appointments. No Bathing- Suits No bathing suits will be shown by the group of Purdue Apollos. The boys, bless them, are modest with the sterling modesty that brings joy to the hearts of all the University’s womanhood. Morrison, teeth flashing white, eyes sparkling, as befits a “good model” said after rehearsal last night. “I’m enjoying being in the show, and I’ve learned a good deal about clothes.” Heine, wiping his face with an extra large sports handkerchief, exclaimed, “It’s a great thing. Students need to become more clothes minded.”
Spicer, Warner Will Talk At President's Day Meeting of SAE C. W. Spicer and J. N. C. Warner, president and secretary respectively of the Society of Automotive Engineers, will be the main speakers at a dinner meeting, highlight of the President’s Day meeting of the Indiana section of that society, which will be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 6:15
next Tuesday evening.
Spicer, who is vice-president of the Spicer Manufacturing Corporation, Toledo, 0., will speak on “New Firing Lines for Engineers,” discussing the various phases of transportation and indicating the opportunities for expansion in these fields. Warner, general manager of the SAE, will speak on “Truth Through Torture,” discussing- the automobile proving grounds where raw materials, parts and finished vehicles are put through the most grueling tests, regular “third degrees.” He will show something of the work that goes on behind the scenes, illustrating his talk with slides of many of the present day tests that are carried out on the proving grounds. Tuesday afternoon, from two until five o’clock, after registration in the mechanical engineering building, seniors will conduct visitors on inspection trips through the various engineering buildings, the University shops, the Armory, and the Pur-
due Airport.
40 Big Ten Acacia Officers Will Meet Here This Week Acacia, social fraternity, will hold the first of a new type meeting of its Big Ten officers in the Union Building this week-end. The conference starting today will be composed of 40 representatives from the BigTen chapters of the Acacia fraternity, and will continue through Sunday. Problems such as pledging, Hell-Week, house rules, and othersimilar fraternity questions -will be discussed and ideas interchanged. Prof. W. A. Knapp, Assistant Dean of Engineering and faculty advisor of the house, is supervising
the conference.
“The Chapter and the National Council” will be the topic of J. K. Tuthill, national secretary and guest of the local chapter. Dr. E. C. Elliott... . . . spoke at the Muncie College-Day program yesterday at Muncie on the “Value of Higher Education.” C. E. Dammon, Assistant Director of Personnel at the University was present at this combined meeting- of the Burris and Central high school groups as a member of the counselor group of colleges and universities.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Rain or snow in the central and north portion. Colder in the extreme south portion today. Tomorrow mostly cloudy and continued cold. Local Temperatures: High, 38; low, 30; mean, 34.
Band Arranges Easter Program •One week from Sunday the University Symphonic Band will present its special arrangement of Tschaikowsky’s Fifth Symphony, at the band’s Easter concert in the Jefferson high school gymnasium. The complete fom- movements of this symphony have been arranged to utilize the instrumentation of -the band to the best advantage. All arranging was made by the advanced harmony students under the instruction of Prof. P. S. Emrick. Two years were required for one student to prepare the last two movements of the composition while a number of the harmony students collaborated to transcribe and complete the arrangements of the preceding ones. Wesley Players Elect Officers Wesley Players, members of the West Lafayette Methodist Church interested in dramatics, recently elected the following officers for the coming year: Edith Whinery, president; William Harris, Jr., vicepresident; Cecil Warner, treasurer; and Alice Breitweiser, secretary. “The Terrible Meek” by Charles Rann Kennedy will be presented next Sunday evening at 7:30 o’clock at the West Lafayette Methodist chiu-ch. The leading roles will be played by William Harris, Isabel Weishaar, and C. S. Meier. Ice Cream Makers End Three^Day Conference Forty ice cream makers, here for the three-day conference on problems of the ice cream industry, left yesterday afternoon at the conclusion of their work in the dairy department of the University. Various faculty and staff members conducted classes for the visiting ice cream men who took part in mimerous demonstrations, laboratory and lecture sessions on production and selling of ice cream.
--Vi!? '.|W*fdihfdoL
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
SKumtA.
FVickty»
19^
^^—
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Senate Set An Example... .. . Tuesday night in adopting a more fair system for choosing its officers—one which other campus organizations might do well to study. Unanimously the Student Senators placed the nomination of candidates for offices in their group on a merit basis. First step in the outline of Senate’s merit system deals with rating charts on which the work assignments of^each member and the general effectiveness with which he handled the project is recorded. Committee chairmen turn in these ratings at the completion of their group’s activity—with specific reasons for the amount of credit given to each committee worker. Fifty merit points are available to a Senator on any assignment: Ten each for general ability, ideas, responsibility, cooperation, and effort. Points under each of these divisions are based on relative performance—bad, 0-1; fair, 1-4 ; average, 4-6; good, 6-8 1-2 ; and excellent, 8 1-2 to 10. At the close of the academic year, then, the organization will have a record of individual accomplishments to Set up as a basis for selecting next year’s officers. With reasonable accuracy it can elect those men who have done the most work during the year ... who are likely to devote the most energy to their jobs the following year. To insure against the election of a man who has failed to act capably in his position as a Senator, but who might be supported by a powerful political faction, the organization provides for a nominating committee to study performance records of each man and to name the most likely candidates on that consideration. This group consists of four voting members —Senate president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer—and two advisory members, the Senate faculty advisor and the editor-in-chief of the Exponent, the latter of whom will have a vote in case of ties. The nominating board will select either two or three Senators as candidates for the presidency ... one additional man may be nominated from the floor, by a two-thirds vote of the entire organization, in case the Senate believes a deserving candidate was omitted from the slate.
the Purdue Exponent
MEHSen
PUseeintrd 0otlt9tatc
Entered as second class matter At the post office in Lafaj^ette, Indiana, nnder the act of Contrress of March 8, 1879^ and at the special rate of iHmtaKe provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, anthorlxed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnring the retmlar academic year and weekly durin's the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Editor-Iik-CIilef
BnsineaB Manager
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
CO-ED STAFF Editor Elisabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee PUBLICATION STAFF Mana^ng Editor.. —...........—J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary„ — _.MarKaret Sawyer Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L, S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W. A. KroepHn, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodron , BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. —W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. .......R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager — ,.M. C. Reeves SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors.... J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6637 Business Phone 5038 Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Woodson Friday, April 8, 1938
From this point, politics may, and will to some extent, enter into the election of officers. Each Senator is given one vote in choosing a president for the coming year from the twothree, or four candidates then in the field. Defeated presidential candidates automatically become eligible for the vice presidency— and thus down the line of offices. This feature tends to place the hardest working Senators in the four administrative positions. Student Senate has achieved a great many worthwhile purposes during the current year-— more, we believe, than did the three Senates' which preceded this year’s group, in three years. Its action toward instituting merit provisions for the selection of officers is not the least of its accomplishments ... this step will be effective in maintaining the high reputation set by the 1937-38 organization.
Letters to Oie Editor
‘Students Have Wrong Idea’^—Carmichad Dear Dave and Keith: I think it’s unfortunate that you didn’t have the opportunity to talk with more of us connected with the musical show before drawing your conclusions. You seem to have the facts pretty straight but I doubt if you have chosen wisely in speaking of the “powers that be” splitting the gravy. Perhaps you are right in saying that it was unfortunate that the cast (and crews, which you meant to include) were not advised of the financial policies of the board. It may have been equally unfortunate that the cast and crews were not invited to underwrite the .show. A deficit of the same figure as this year’s probable surplus could easily be made up by a contribution of a little over a dollar from each worker. Might Have Been $600 Would the cast and crews have been happy to work under that ar-
I’angement ? Some members of the board did anticipate a deficit—and the figure might easily have been as large as $600.00 In that event each participant would have been called upon to pay only $3.00 for the privilege of working in the show. Isn’t it a little more business-like —or have I been absent from life during the past few years ?—to accept the offer of three organizations (not three directors) to assume all financial responsibility? — to let them make up any deficit, no matter how large ?—and to expect them to absorb any surplus as a return fortaking the risk ? I still give you a pat on the back and the cheery word of thanks—and take my word for it, I got none of the gravy. And I hope you’ll take my word for it that my efforts in the show were as gratuitous as was yours. And believe me I got just as much fun and value out of it as you did; and—again like you, I think —:the experience and the pat on the back is the biggest reward I can ask for. Kenn Carmichael Director of Dramatics. P. S. Regardless of what I’ve said and what I think, I still believe you have the right to draw your own conclusions. But I’d like to see you sometime after school!
Ormicron Hu Pledges Seven junior co-eds were pledged to Omicron Nu, Home Economics honorary, at a banquet Wednesday, April 6 in the Home Economics cafeteria. The girls who were chosen are: Helen Scott, Alice Breitweiser, Marjorie Swaffer, Pearl Jackson, Mary Wein, Beth McCool, and Barbara Gibbs. Professor Edith Gamble, head of the institutional management department, and Mrs. R. D. Canan, editor of Omicron Nu, were the speakers at the informalT-eception which was given afterwards by the alumnae at the home of Mrs. F. C’. Gaylord.
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
THE FRESHEST THING IN TOWN RUGER’S HOLSUM LOAF
THE NEXT TIME YOU ASK FOR BREAD —ASK FOR THE LOAF WRAPPED IN RED
PHI BELTS ARE ... ... proud of a certain member of their freshman class who has the typical Phi Belt attitude . . . and just two weeks after his initiation. IT HAPPENEB ... . . . while he was home spring vacation. He sat in a hotel lobby and sent his new pin and calling card on a platter by bell-hop to every beautiful girl that came in . . . but each time it came back. Refusing to accept defeat he bought a movie magazine and hung his jewelry on the bosom of the fair lass printed on the cover. WE SUGGEST ... . . . this freshman see Beverlie Rice who has been trying to get a pin ever since she registered in September. IT’S TOO LATE .. . ... now because Flit-twit Rice grabbed a first mortgage on Swede Taylor’s Belt pin. When bigger fish are made, the Delts will make ’em.
University of Miami officials conducted a special tour of Cuba for .students during the .spring vacation.
The Massachusetts legislature has killed a bill which would tax college and university dormitories in that state.
ARC
TODAY — SATURDAY
WATIONAL V my
—also— “PAINTED STALLION” No. 4 —PLUS— Court of Human Relations RUNAWAY MARRIAGE”
UMi^ Today ■ Saturday RED-BLOODED
'adventure roaring out of the untamed West! Romance and melodrama that keeps a-tingle!
J^um
‘Enough of that talk, Gtvendolyn. You are not to get your divorce until your elder sister gets hers first!”
PURDUE.STUDENTS ATTENTION! When looking for a place fro enjoy Sunday Supper-
Try Our
Sfreaks
Sandwiches
Short- Orders
GREEN GABLES Brown Sfrreefr Levee
One Solid Hoyr of Dazzling EnterfainmenfRiofrous Sfrage Revue Syncopafors . . Singers . . Dancers Sweet Swing Glorious Girls!
SAIORPAY ONLY GALA STAGE SHOW!
— LAST TIMES TODAY--Robert Montgomery - Virginia Bruce
in
'THE FIRST 100 YEARS'Friday# April 8, 1938
J^a&JuUHtdu
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^cuMofOu
'Casual’ iescrilas New Co-ed Campus-Wear
Sigma Pi .
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: J. E. Zachary, president; S. O'Fallon, vice-president; R. Cassity, sergeant-at-arms; W. C. Randel, house manager; W. R. Fall, secretary; B. Serowick, herald; and F. Hershey treasui er. The following men were recently
initiated into the local chapter: J. B. Close, Ft. Wayne; K. A. Davis, of Richmond; J. J. Easley, Clay City; J. R. Jacobsen, Roselle, N. J.; J. R. Ourand, Newcastle; R. C. Sogge, Schenectady, N. Y.; and J. A. Stahn, Fort Wayne.
^ti^ie ^ote6
Fad Originates In Eastern Schools, Invades Purdue
By Betty Wickard
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Just Received 25 New Patterns
* and $3.93 All Colors—All Material—All Heels
Femininity and practicability go hand in hand as standard bearers of the new mode. Our beloved casual styling is now being combined with fine details of workmanship and feminine touches. Nothing is overdone and all is carried out to meet the needs of the American Girl. Color enters the fashion picture in dusty shades and we are urged to wear more color than ever before.
Casual styling is emphasized in coats. Less and less are purely dressy coats seen, for the all-pur-pose coat is much more practical. The body silhouette is much used, while the loose bracelet length sleeve is a new note.
HANDBAGS Simple tailored and dressmaker styles * ^ are two contrasting trends in handbags. Handles are “tops” again. Koret makes a smart shoulder strap models
o^maid
L
TAKE THE SPOTLIGHT
You*ll dance, perhaps, in drifting nets. You’ll be radiant in taffeta or wicked in siren sheathes of satin. Whatever your choice you’ll be very, very glamorous. Our collection of dresses for after dark is new and exciting. And very moderately priced.
SHOES
I 11 Glove-fitting styles • 1 will continue, but toes m/ j\A and hedls will peep out mjA jw thru open types. The WKW^J V throat-line is emfBra phasized in pumps. Italian designer Ferragamo’s idea of building the heel right into the shoe, so that one walks on a flat surface, is increasing in appeal.
“Look sloppy, please!” No, it’s not another goofy candid cameraman, it’s just fashion’s dictates for co-ed campus wear. Casual is the word most used. It contains the elements of chic, wearability, and the sloppy effect which are the ultimate in style.
MILLINERY
DRESSES Pleats again are seen in dresses and the full gypsy or Gibson girl skirt is a close rival. Combined with a blouse this idea is young and appealing. “T” square silhouettes including short somewhat puffed sleeves are well liked. High necklines are not shown as much as new square treatments or V’s.. Bolero dresses are much shown also. Most dresses are 14 inches from the ground although full skirts may be somewhat shorter.
The Gibson girl type is shown with the blouse in a light shade or print and the skirt made of another color. Sash treatments or even laced peasant-type belts emphasize the small waistline.
Popular hat types are highrolling boleros, sailors, pill boxes, Watteau sailors, off the face hats, bonnets, and the cloche. Chin straps, hat pins and even veils, tied under the chin in the “bicycle-built-for-two” manner keep the chapeau on our heads. Veils, by the way, are a “must,” and often will cover both the hat and the wearer. We like pink veils on black or navy hats.
ACCESSORIES
Boleros and more boleros of all kinds, pastel shades, white pique (divine over sheer backgrounds) linens with embroidery, quilted cotton jobs, organdie with tucking, taffeta—^well, one can find a bolero in almost any color or material. Scarfs are shown in gay prints and pictorial themes. Challis, chiffons, cotton, and crepes make cruise, evening and street styles.
JEWELRY
In eastern girls’ schools the fad originated; from there it spread to midwestem co-ed schools, arid is now invading Purdue. Saddle shoes, ankle socks, long loose sweaters with waistlines which “just aren’t,” single button raglan sleeved coats made man-style, even “beer jackets” are la mode. Dressy Details Important details are the muchloved pearls, string gloves in white or natural, crew hats pillaged from Dartmouth, hair ribbon bows in colors to match sweaters (ankle socks usually match sweaters and contrast with skirts) belts made from all kinds of materials, from hemp to pigskin, and scarfs worn over the head in rainy weather. Another rainy day brightener is the reversible trench coat with gabardine on one side and a bright scotch plaid tweed or solid color on the other. Warm weather days see more skirts and sweaters in pastels and bright colors. Flannels, sheer wools, and wool crepes make skirts, while sweaters come in sheer cashmere and shetlands. Classic Brooks sweaters with pushed-up sleeves and crew neck cardigans, often ribbon bound, are the style. Many pastel crease-resistant linens, striped madras, and other tailored cotton frocks greet the dog-days.
Corsagee May Make Or Break
By Joy Johnson To the Standard Dictionary a cor-
sage may be just “a posy for the waist” but to a girl it may be also the making or breaking of the effect of her formal. A beautiful corsage may complement her dress, or it may be so large and imposing that it overshadows the formal—or even the girl herself. Just as no formal should be so ornate that instead of saying, “How lovely you look!” someone exclaims, “What a beautiful dress!”—so no girl likes to be overshadowed by her corsage. Nor does she like to be weighted down by a mass of flowers. Corsage Color Matching
The thoughtful escort is the one who inquires the color and style of his date’s dress before ordering flowers. Many a girl has spent a bad half-hour trying to find a place to wear a corsage that is the wrong color or unsuitable for her dress.
GLOVES Classic slip-on and shorie gloves are often made of combinations of kid and suede, doeskin and cape, pikskin in high ' shades as well as navy, black and white. Novelties are zipper slides, perforations to match shoes, and unusual back stitching.
Gadgets we love, and there are many to choose from this season. The Seven Dwarfs dangle from charm bracelets, clever little leather shoes swing from lapels, bubble bead stones are shown in necklaces and bracelets, and arms are burdened down with gold link and bangle bracelets. Crosses and lockets are still shown.
Designers Admit Preference For
Creating Formals
SUITS
New styles and colors good enough to eat will convince even the most poverty-stricken gals that they need another suit this spring. Three piece suits, bolero styles, two piece reefer suits, with high pockets and lapels, darling two piece Shetlands with interesting cardigans necklines, and slit pockets in lovely shades, and tailored suits will all be shown. Herringbone tweeds, twills and sharkskins complete the last mentioned type.
Frocks for your knight of knights —such selections really require careful consideration and individualism. Most present-day designers will admit their preference for creating evening gowns because this type of costume so easily leads the imagination to originate “pace-set-ting” styles. Evening clothes are youth’s favorite and most glamorous garb. The ancient question of competition between frilly-frocks and slinky sophisticated gowns seems to be answered by “suit your own type” advice. Men are developing a shock proof immunity to the whims and fancies originated by our very unpredictable Dame Fashion.
Corsages in different shades of roses and sweet peas will be pressented to co-eds attending the Union Cabaret formal tonight. Versatile because of its many available colors, the rose is the most used for corsages.
Orchids Are Secret Hope
However, an orchid is the secret hope of every girl who receives a florist’s box. According to local florists, quite a few co-eds realize their hope at the large campus dances. Gardenias are the second choice. Like the rose, the gardenia looks well on most costumes. Unlike the orchid which is a hardy blossom and looks fresh at the end of the evening, the delicate gardenia needs
With the coming of spring violets will be popular. However corsages of mixed spring flowers are little in demand.
^doL the dduenin^
L OEB’s chiffon dresses strike another note in the ' fashion story. If you don’t want to be 1830 or I860 and if you don’t like the tight molded line, then you can be a Directoire lady in chiffon dresses with pink pailletted flowers around the decolletage and the skirt slit up in front to show the crepe de Chine slip. Directoire dresses are enchanting this season. Loeb’s show them in chiffon in hyacinth blue and dusty pink and in a sweet black and white dotted crepe scattered with pink roses and worn under a pink organdie Directoire coat. Vionnet makes them in lame, in black and white pleated crepe, like her "Pride and Prejudice” dress of last season, or in delicate mousselines in fadeaway colors under short pleated mousseline capelets.
Loeb & Hene Company
mm
■iiTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Stij.lii&..
Friday» April 8, 1938
Spring Means New Clothes J®® Purdue says: I C7^ Boilermakers Seek Sartorial Nonchalance
Purdue Eds Begin Buying Spring and new clothes are one and the same thing to the average female mind. Yet, with the first touch of spring, with the first warm days and brilliant skies ... we find John Purdue also stopping to pause just a little longer in front of his favorite local haberdasher’s window. Nearly every man will feel the urge to step out in something new, be it a hundred dollar wardrobe or just a new tie.
Among other things he will cast coveit dances at the vast display of spiing suits. Chief among the new tiends this Spring is the three-but-ton single - hi easted model. The diape 01 plain back will continue in populaiity among the college students this season, but the half belt and senii-gport back models aie definitely back. Light Materials Appeal Gabai dines, tweeds, donegals, hei1 ingbones, and woisteds will be predominant, with both soft and hard finishes. New light weight materials will be featured this season These will be especially appealing to the college student fiom the standpoint of economy, as they are especially designed foi ten month’s sei vice. The spoit jacket, long a necessity on eastern campuses, will become a decided actuality heie at Purdue. In contiast to the loud plaids of last yeai aie the heii ingbones and soft plain colois foi spoits wear. The thiee button single bieasted spoi t coat w’lth saddle-stitched lapels and flap pockets will be the thing this season. - Slacks Are Popular Contrasting slacks will of couise again be popular this spring m gabardines, hei ringbones, and flannels. Many varieties of overplaids and plain colois will be woin . . with > the half-hitch belt at the waist most populai. In the light weight and bummei slacks. Palm Beaches, tropical cloths, congos, and silks will appeal in many biilliani and contiasting colois. Replacing the beei jacket w'e find the semi-tailored Bush coat. Giving a more finished and dressy appearance to the eye it still retains its comfort and casual dress appealance. Bush coats will be found in linens, gabai dines, and heavier materials in all shades, with white piedominating
Accessories Will Go Conservative With Style Trend To be really smart in appearance the would-be well dressed man will pay plenty of attention to those little details, commonly known as accessories. Following the general trend of style with college students this Spiing these accessories will be subdued, in a more haimonizing, conservative natuie. Stripes will be the outstanding feature in shirts this season. One very attractive model will be the candy stripe with the button-down collai. For more formal wear and dress occasions the white stiff collar with the contrasting striped shirt will be the thing. Top coats will be cut generously full to allow for comfort. The single bieasted, three-button, raglan shouldeis, with the opening slightly highei than usual, will be the popular coat this Spring and next Fall. Crew Neck Popular Foi that casual appearance, knit, pull-over sleaveless sweaters will be worn with a sport coat. Beige, tan, grey, light blue, and all ligl>t colors will be predominent. The high crew neck in pull over sweaters is again gaming wide popularity m the collegiate world. Brilliant and coloi'ful ties will be worn with the most conservative ensembles this Spring. Popular the nation over will be colorful plaids and stripes in light non-wrinkle summer materials. Rather than a belt, wide, loose webbed, striped suspendei s will be seen frequently.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
0JUI&A, JUp, ^Dh, £a&ieA.
Consider this a personal invitation, gentlemen, to come in and look over our new Spring line of correct apparel. Suits with character and distinction that will appeal to the discriminating man. Fine new fabrics that have eye-appeal yet conservative feeling. Tailoring that makes the most of your figure. Why not come in soon, so we can outfit you without haste for Easter? SUITS OF DISTINCTION $21.50 Others $19.50 to $35.00 Baltimore Clothes Shop 414 Main Sfreef
Appearance Is Important In Getting Job, Says Personnel Director Walters “Appearance is extremely important in getting a job. Every student should have this ponit checked by someone else before going in for an interview.” . . . Dr, J. E. Walters, University director of engineering personnel, places strong emphasis on the fact that the job-seeking student should have this point checked by someone else before going in for an Dr. Walters stated that, as a general rule, he believed the standard of dress among the male population on the campus could be much higher. Employers occasionally take the opinions of students and instructors regarding a prospective employee. If the person in question is continually slovenly or poorly dressed, this may be noticed and remarked upon, to his detriment. Clothes Need Not Be Expensive While it is not necessary for every student to dress like an Esquire fashion plate, clothes should be neat, clean, and well cared for. Clothes need not be expensive, but should be in good taste and pleasing in appearance, even if the student has to clean and press them himself, Walters stated. Once employed the graduate should be careful that he maintains a high standard in personal appearance, especially if he sees outsiders often. If the employee falls down here, the employer will usually bring his attention to it.
Suits go "’Houngey"' this spring
NEW LOUNGE MODELS ocietu ijmnd There’s a big swing to lounge models. That’s not surprising for the Society Brand lounge model with its fine tailoring and soft beautiful molding is a masterpiece of suave comfort . . . you actually could play golf in it without any feeling of restraint. And it magically smartens up your appearance by seemingly adding inches to your height and imparting slenderness to your figure.
^ INC.
By Bill Gillilan Ability to achieve that studied air of nonchalance and casualness seems to be the fashion goal set by every Purdue ed. This species of collegian, common to the Lafayette area, seems to have the ability of securing- this appearance of comfort and ease of dress down to a science. It’s not every wardrobe that would meet the standards required by Purdue fashion. There are seveial minimum essentials required for correct dress on the Purdue campus. To be at the height of style it is necessary to use and posse^ss them. For classroom wear and ger|eral on-campus apparel, unpressed slacks cannot be beat . . . with one slight exception. Cords the Thing Should the party m question be fortunate enough to avoid the tentacles of probation to the extent of becoming a senior . . . then cords are the thing—the dirtier the better. Above the belt, Purdue fashion dictates are slightly more liberal. “If it covers 60 per cent of the upper torso, it’s in style.” For classroom wear the sweat shirt and the inevitable tee shirt are world beaters. Of course if these can be secured in colors suitable to the backwoods or the barnyard ... so much the better. Shoes do not present any considerable problem. If you have black shoes weai them. If you have brown shoes . . . weai them. (It is inteiesting to note at this point that shoes are generally accepted and in most cases lequired on the Purdue campus.) White shoes are the thing .. . the year around. Of course there IS the decided disadvantage of having to clean them up a trifle to assuie recognition come Spring. Black Required A code of ethics does prevail and dominate the formal dress for men ... up to a cW-tain point. It seems to be a geneiality to wear a dark suit with silk lapels. Black shoes
Joe Purdue
are a popular accessoi-y on this campus and are generally worn with formal dress. A stiff shirt also seems to come in handy and possibly a wing collar. (If these can be car-ry-overs from high school Prom days, so much the better.) It is at this point that all semblance of universal formal fashion stops. Any style of overcoat—barring, perhaps, the slicker — will serve the purpose. If it happens to be black—that's nice but not necessaiy. It is quite possible to get by wearing a top hat with tails but not advised. Such a breach of the Purdue style code is slightly frowned upon by the general male public. To be sure of saving your face it might be well to go formal with the head unadorned. (Note: A haircut helps the general appearance of a formal outfit.)
Outfitters to Gentlemen Are You Confident your clothes make just the kind of impression you want to make.? If you aren’t — entirely — perhaps we can help you — because we aren’t content just to sell clothes — we try to dress each man who comes to us so that he will appear to the best possible advantage anywhere. THE HUB Corner Fifth and Main Sts.
FIFTY MILLION FRENCH CUFFS CAN'T BE WRONG...THANKS TO
-Jllnks
Reg U S Fal OH
WITH AIRWAY ACTION
$1
.50
These ingenious cuff links have a bend in the bar that holds the new French cuffs trim and snug...just right. Furthermore, they're equipped with Airway Action for easy insertion. At leading jewelers’, department stores and men’s shops. 'SWANK PRODUCTS, INC. ATTLEBORO, MASS.
SWANK. ..AID TO GOOD GROOMINGi
Friday# April 8# 1938
THEPUBDUE
EXPONENT
Rifle Team Fates Tough Meet With Culver Squad Purdue's varsity rifle squad will have one of their toughest battles of the season v/hen they shoot against a crack squad of sharpshooters from Culver Military Academy tomorrow afternoon. This meet will be one of the usual postal type, each team shooting on its home range. Results of the match will not be available before Monday. The squad has had a number of matches this year, although this is the first year of competition, due to the fact that there was no range provided by the University. In their most recent match the Purdue squad was defeated by Wheaton College by one point. Coach Holmes expects to use the same team lineup that has proved successful in previous meets this season.
Intromurols
WARD BASEBALL Practice Games Diamond 1— Ward 2 vs. Ward 13. 2— Ward 2A vs. Ward 7. 3— Ward 9 vs. Ward 12. 4— Ward 2X vs. Ward 4. 5— Ward 7X vs. Ward lOX. 7— Cary Hall 4 vs. Ward 10. 8— ^Ward 3 vs. Cary Hall 1. 9— Cary Hall 2 vs. Ward 11. 10—Cary Hall 5 vs. Ward 5.
San Diego State College dramatists were among the first collegians to give a performance of “Julius Caesar” in modern dress.
“Advertising Age” is conducting an essay contest among college and university students on “How Advertising Benefits the Consumer.”
The Prize Line-up of Spring Accessories Prize styles . . . prize values . . . in the smart accessories' every man needs for his Spring wardrobe. Take stock of the things you need, men . . . then come in and let us show you how easy it is. to stretch your budget here to cover everything. Shirts $1.50-1.95 Neckwear 65-1.00 Silk Hose 35- .50
§DJtdaiLL ^ MEN’S WEAR 436 Main Street
Come
one
To see the big show of food. The Union Cafeteria is featuring delicious meals temptingly served. The large variety of food we serve is sure to satisfy your individual taste and yet be kind to your pocketbook. JhsL fiwidusL WjmiTtmL lAmofL Corner of the Campus—Yet . the Center of Activities
Spring Football Clinic Starts Today
Basketball Rules Undergo Changes At Annual Meeting Of Net Coaches
By J. S. Brown Resulting, as usual, in a few rule changes, the annual meeting of the National Association of Basketball Coaches was held this week in Chicago. However, none of the changes are as drastic as last year’s elimination of the center jump. Two of the changes were adopted to slow the game down a little. The number of time out periods was increased from three to five, and provision was made for optional use of four 10 minute quarters instead of the usual 20 minute halves. Two Minutes Between Quarters If the quarter system is used, there will be two-minute rest periods between the first and second and between the second and third quarters. The previous 15 minute between-half intermission was unchanged. The three-second rule was brought up for discussion, and after much consideration it was modified to conform with the rule adopted last season by the National AAU teams. Under this ruling, the outer half of the foul circle is exempted from the threc-second rule for members of the offensive team, other than the player having possession of the ball. Boundary Rule Changed The rule governing the end boun-
dary of the court was modified. It now provides for optional use of a four-foot instead of a two-foot outof bounds margin behind the face of the backboard. The practice of making substitutions between the time of making a basket and putting the ball back in play was outlawed for next year. Unless a time out has been taken, substitutes must wait until play is resumed before going in. ‘Sudden Death’ Rule The major change in high school basketball rules is a “sudden death” clause with regards to overtime play. In case of a tie, the first to score in the overtime period will decide the game. No extra timeouts were added, but officials were instructed to take an official timeout in the second and fourth quarters, provided no time has been called by either team during the first four minutes of play.
Grid Mentors Gather For Two-Day Program Of Talks, Demonstrations; Game Tomorrow
steed Rollins, Vanderbilt University’s southern conference fencing champion, never studied the sport before he came to college.
Twenty-two presidents of the U. S. were alumni of colleges.
DAD’S PLACE — So Handy Offers you a selection of over 40 strictly fresh candy bars at 5c each. Our service is as prompt as human hands can make it and our location makes it SO HANDY to trade here.
This morning at 10 o’clock, Purdue’s annual spring football clinic will get under way in the Fieldhouse with Bill McClure, football coach at Peru high school, speaking on defense formations. At 10:30, the subject matter will be shifted to the much-used Notre Dame type of offense with Bernard Witucki of Washington high school of South Bend, leading the discussion. The question of selecting an offense will be spoken on by Chuck Palmer, coach at Fenger high school in Chicago, 111., at 11:30 o’clock. Mann, Thomas To Talk Opening this afternoon’s program Lon Mann, Purdue’s athletic trainer, and Dr. Gordon Thomas, Gold and Black athletic physician, will demonstrate and discuss information on prevention and treatment of injuries I’eceived in athletics. Abie Masters, whose elevens at Jefferson high school here in Lafayette are known for their remarkable knowledge of fundamentals as well as victory strings, will speak on practice systems. At 3:15 o’clock Pete Cawthon head football coach at Texas Tech College, Lubbock, Tex., assisted by the Boilermaker gridders and staff members will demonstrate field work. “Six-Man Football” Tomorrow morning at 9 a. m. Franklin Reck, managing editor of
the American Boy magazine, will speak on the all-important topic for the small coaches, “Six Man Football.” At 9:45 o’clock, Frank Thomas, whose Crimson Tide of the University of Alabama represented the East in the Rose Bowl classic this year, will lead discussions and dem-on.sti-ations on developing the offense, which will be followed with a talk on developing the forward pass by Coach “Gus” Dorais of Detroit, whose eleven will meet Purdue in the Boilermakers’ opener this fall. Tomorrow afternoon two picked Purdue elevens will play a regulation game in Ross-Ade Stadium. If the weather will not permit the showing of demonstrations outside, the demonstrations will be held in the Fieldhouse. Styles In Shoes For Spring Shoes must be co-ordinated with other accessories, with new colors such as roseberry, tans, and “Parisian blue (brighter than navy) supplementing the old favorites, black and navy. Gabardine is now featured, while smooth calfskin and patent are good. Watch the new summer suede, an old favorite in a new guise. More and more bracelets are called for by short sleeves. Dusty shades are shown in “moonstone” types of jewelry.
Cleaned And Pressed For Spring If-'s time, now, that you got out those Spring clothes for us to clean, press and repair so that they can start off the Spring looking as they did the day they came from the store. West Side Cleaners
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
Leaders in Spring Styles
GENTLEMEN: Presenting your Easter suit, styled by Campus Togs. H you like smart style, attractive pattern, superfine tailoring, and know values, be sme to see these suits today. - - - And they're modeled for yoimg men only.
$25.00
$27.50
Henry Rosenthal Co.
322 Main Street
Does Your Car Seem Jinxed?
IS THERE JUST ONE THING AFTER ANOTHER WRONG WITH YOUR CAR?
We are the best little jinx chasers you ever saw. Drive your car in and weTl give you new car performance.
Phone 4048
Peter Anderson Company
525 Alabama StreetiW
wp
3bxaL (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloJtiauL
Friday, April 8, 1938
Mike’s - Musings B^ Gil Hutton A lot of quc^tion^ hi\i bitii com incT n to tlic ‘^tnlion inquiiins? about (he linchcon dance piosriam It ''ceni= that e\ci\one has lealized that popul u 1 ■) minute spot lias ^ufulc! ]\ clunked Bulthetisnt ihc hal^ of it' It IS destined to un del ^ me moic elian-,cs d—1 Foi tic past fcnii weeks Dick Shnch has been eonduetinu: the le coidcd dance pi os'! am on lecords picked up at landom fiom vaiious fi iteinities fiom the studio lecoid Ibiaie and othei sundiy souices h\ Beciiise tlie donoi due to some inisundei standimi hm le fused to supph the station with am moi e mi '^ical disks 2—1 - -2 But n wont be long aceoiding to piesent plans until Luneheon Dance will be boasting: a li\e pio giam Tentative ai i angenitnts aic in piogriess foi one of the campus bands to assume the lole of chief luncheon enteitainei Heie s hoping that the end has come foi the eui lent ‘ memoiies piogram”—as Luncheon Dance is now called—and that the noon hour audiences will be greeted with the strains of Bud’s theme 2—1—1—2 Folk w 111^ in the musical scoie plan^ aie lapidh neaiing the final stag’es which will peimit the bioad cast of the Eastei Sunday band conceit be the Pin due SMnphon\ Band nndci the baton of “Spots” Eniiick This undoubtedly, will bung to many listeneis an excellent pi ograni of Eastei Music played b'v an excellent band 2—1—3—2 A new campus publication will be intioduced to the cuiious soon ac coiding to news leceived fiom the piogiams diiectoi foi the station Its to be called “SPEAKS”—the Voice of Pm due SPEAKS get it*^—and it will be issued once a month bj- the staff of the station It will be flee toi the asking and will be sent to any listenei desii mg infoimation conceining WB 4.A and to all of the mam othei educational ladio ccntei s
Kewspapei Columnist Dorothy Dixawaids “iilOO annualh to the Tu lane Uimeisiti student w i iting the best human intei est stoic
TOR GREY
You’ll feel like cheering—when you see how these handsome grey tones In shoes bring out the richness of the smart shades of blues and greys in this season’s new suitings. And they'll brighten up the clothes you’re still wearing You can’t get a poor fit her* $500 A. B. C. Shoe Co. Phone 2001 412 Main St. LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
collegiate
Heie’s good news for your pockcthooks boys Theie will be no such thing as hail cuts in 10 yeais accoid mg to the piesidcnt of the Dallas local of the International Baibeis’ Union “Even the ‘he men’ will ask that then ban not be cut, but gist shaped, ’ he said This Texas authoiiti tiaced tin ai t of bai bei ing ti om the olden days of cui led waxed and wiapped in the tinfoil mustaches of the long and flowing natui c to the pi csent close tiini This so called militaiy turn was hi ought in by the wai and has been continued by the inti oduction ot eUctiic clippeis Since close turns do not photo giaph well Hollywood seems to be leading the wav back to moi e flowing hail styles toi masculine heads In the ‘dancinocst city in Amei ica. Salt J ake City a movement to sociali/e balli oom bch ivioui is in piogiess by the Clinch of the Lattei Day Saints “Foi a long time we have lelt that modem dancing limited almost ex clusively to walt/es and tox tiots does not pi ovule the oppoitunities foi filendliness, poise and cultuie that weie found in the moie com plex dances of oldei times,” explained their diiectoi, W 0 Robin son This giay haiied man has di 1 ected the dance activities of the Moi mons foi 12 yeai s and is leading the new movement ‘Young people w ho dance with but one paitnei then sit in the eoinei foi awhile and hold hands and then dance again ait not cultivating the best piineiples ot sociability In a way you see modem dancing is leally not social dancing at all’ savs Robinson His newl\ designed dances the Dieani Walt/ the Gold and Gieen Capnee (a swingy squait dance) and the Aloha Oe fox tiot, have become well established at ehuieh so cials and then influence is expected to s])iead beyond the chinch
AIEE,ASMEToHear Army Discussion Col Willis D Clittenbeigei, First Cavahy, U S Aimy, will discuss the “Mechanization of the United Statgs Army,” at a joint dinnei meeting of the ASME and AIEE so cieties which will be held in the YWCA building at Andeison, on Thuisday, Apiil 14 Dinnei will be seived at 6 p m then Col Ciittenbeigei will discuss the latest development in the mechanization of amiy mateiial Lafay ette pel sons expecting to attend the meeting should wiite C M Gioss, R R 5, Anderson, befoie Tuesday evening, Api il 12
Notices |l» NotiLLh Ai.i.cp <d After t i
day April 8 fiom Harold Gripe
WAA Baseball Tryouts will be held on ihursday April 7 at 4 p m in the Worn tn s Gym The intramural tournament will start Monday Apiil 11 —MAIER CE 62 An examination for the removal of conditions will be given Satuiday Apiil ) fiom 1 to 4 p m in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Building —PETTY Sophomore Exponent Go-eds All soph omores are asked to please spend at least one night a week in the east side Exponent office between now and elections (4 10) —PYKE
WANTED—Tyvo students Nice laige loom, double bed S9 each 350 Chauncey
WAA Tennis Girls desiring to play in the doubles tournament must sign up in the Women s Gymnasium Friday, April 8 Each waid and sorority should have at least two playeis Games will start next week Courts will be reserved after school each evening foi girlb pi lying in the tournament WALKER
W ANTED—Roommate Sepai ate beds $10 350 Chauncey
Eta Kappa Nu Pledges See me immediately Important (1 81 —HALE
FOUND—Wi 1st watch, neai Hea Mlon Hall Phone 7003
Reamer Actives All unsold reflectors and money for those sold must be turned in to me by next Monday night April 11 (4 9) —MATTHEWS
MODERN—Piont double loom continuous hot watei ovei looking campus Reasonable 401 State St I OR SALE—Complete volume ot Tolstoi Reasonable Phone 46353
Purdue Riding Club Meeting postponed until Thursday April 14 (4 9) —SUMMERS
Student Bible Class meeting this week (4-8)
There will be no —BURBRINK
Purdue Christian Foundation Buy your t el it ($1 00) for the dance at Allens Fn-
“Duke’s Mixtuie’ is the name ol the Duke Umveisity student news papei’s gossip column
Westminstei College co eds main tain that- a man they would many must eain $150 monthly
The Umveisity of Minnesota maintains a Newsieel Theatei to bung tu students latest news caught by movie cameramen.
BETTER ROLLS
We’re experts at the baker’s art of making rolls. Here are rolls that melt in youi mouth—delicious bits of goodness that will win you completely at the first mouthful. Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W. L.
By Robert T Hartmann '38 and Arthur P Lites '32, Stanford Chaparral
-CLARK
All-Campus Wrestlers Winners in tournament may get their medals at the intramural office (4 9) - CLEVETT
PEW Girls interested in a course foi life saving examiners which will be con ducted by Red Cross next week April 11 to 16 should sign on bulletin board in the Women b Gymnasium (4 10) —RUSSELL
Union Freshmen and Sophomores Meet ing of oui committees at 4 p m in the work room Friday April 8 —MATTHEWS HARPER MASON Exponent Sophomore Co-eds Supper meeting Tuesday April 12 at 5 30 at the home of Sally McKee, 229 Fowler Avenue Assignments foi co ed edition will be made —PYKE Green Potters Meeting of chairmen in loom D of the Memorial Union Building ut 4 p m Piiday April 8 Please have approximate list ot ticket sales of yoiii committees —BRODD Green Potters Tickets for thi Green Pot ters dance will he turned in Satuiday April <1 fiom 9 until 12 noon in room D of the Minioiial Union Building —BRODD WAA Tennis Tournament Today being th( last day to sign up for the WAA Tennis lourniment ill wards and sororities must have intries in by 4 o’clock April 8 —WALKER Scrivener Meeting Sunday Apiil 10 at o clock at 204 S Ninth St in Lafayette Bring inanuberipts with you (1 10) FELDMAN
Agriculturist All students interested in a position on the Agriculturist staff for next year please obtain an application blank from some membei of the editorial staff or at the office in the Union Building (4-12) —KINGSLEY
Cosmopolitan Club There will be a meeting on Friday April 8 at 7 30 o clock in room C of the Union Building —GERLACH
Virginia C Meredith Club Executive Committee Meeting in room 108 of Home Economics Building at 4 p m Monday Apiil 11 1 DE WITT
Cast “Of Thee I Sing” The cleaning bills for dll clothes borrowed for wear in the show will be paid by the production or ganivation Anyone who borrowed clothes must contact mi by April 11 WOOD Purdue Christian Foundation Buy your tieket ($1 00) for the dance at Allen's Fri day Apiil 8 from Haloid Gripe —CLARK
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginners Wed., April 20, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Friday, April 22, 7:30 p. m. Late dances including Cherry Hop will be taught in the advanced class. PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
SHOOT Your best game. Come in and try our tables also use our three snooker tables LESTER BILLIARDS
Slydents Attention! HERE IS A DESK LAMP YOU have ALWAYS WANTED
nid-inci-ive new
yp
Distinctive new mushroom designi Spun metal 10-inch shade, enameled white inside for maximum reflection without glare. Stands 16 inches tall, uses 60 or 75 watt bulb. Very attractive with bronxe
finish.
(Bulb Extra)
Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 4030
« the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
"DEAC'' Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student • Professional The Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK DR ROBERT G. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK"
4th & Main
Phone 5701
• Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co ed Special Thurs Fri KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our specialty. L. C N, Door Closer Distribators 208 211 N 5th St Phone 2828
• Florist
ficih J-loual Inc 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 • Hardware EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX I. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN