CUwnnL! OJsikomsL SlornsL
Purdue
Z-1S5
Volume 5L No. 47
Exponent
Friday, November 3, 1939
Campus Prepares For Homecoming Week-End
On The Field
Boilermakers Polish Defense For Tomorrow's Tilt With Iowa
By Phil Johnson
Placing the finishing touches on the preparation for the Homecoming clash with the versatile, high-scoring Iowa eleven, the coaching staff yesterday conducted the final full length practice session before tomorrow’s fracas.
“Our major objective in the past
week's practices has been on pass defense,” remarked Head Coach Mai Elward in discussing the Eiveters’ second Big Ten clash. “We’re expecting the Hawkeyes to throw the bail all over the field. Our chance of victory will be determined by our ability to stop this' aerial attack.”
Mackiewicz, Verplank Out Hopes of devising a defense to
stop this attack has been dealt a severe blow by the injuries which will compel veteran linemen Felix Mackiewicz, right end, and Carl Verplank, right guard, to join the spectators during the Iowa fray. Both men received injuries in last week’s encounter with Santa Clara.
Attempting to plug up the holes
in the right side of the line. Coach Elward has shifted sophomore left end Jim Rush and left guard Jim Miller to the right side of the line. Miller’s excellent showing in the game on the West Coast will probably assure him of seeing considerable action in the Homecoming
game.
Tommy Melton, another second year guard, who has b§en suffering from a side injury, is back in uniform and is slated to play a portion of the game. Krause To Start Jack Krause, who has been playing a lot of ball when Mackiewicz is on the sidelines, will begin Saturday’s game at the right end position, Assisting Krause in Saturday’s “Stop Kinnick” campaign will be Stevenson, Rush, and Combs. In addition to the extensive program on pass defense this week, a lot of attention has also been given to the Riveter pass offense, with the thought in mind to “stop fire with
fire.”
Dishing out the majority of the passes in this week’s sessions have been the “Three B’s” assisted by diminutive Johnny Galvin. Alternating on the receiving end of the tosses have been ends Rankin, Krause, Britt, and Lehr. The entire Boilermaker squad will leave Lafayette today at 1:30 to establish pre-game headquarters at Mudlavia, a health resort 30 miles southwest of the city.
Mai Elward
Frosh Debate Squad Members Selected Members of the freshman debate squad for 1939-40 have been selected from those appearing in the tryouts held last Tuesday evening in room 301 of University Hall. The group will have its first meeting in the same room on Wednesday, November 8, at 7 p. m. Those selected were D. D. Barta, Don Brophy, J. L. Covert, G. D. Hudelson, A, S. Katz, J. T. Schroeder, W. L. Swager, Maurice Udes. R. L. Weiss, and Jordon McCarty. The committee which heard the tryouts was composed of P. E. Lull, L. S. Winch, R. M. Horn, and R, D. King. Two Co-eds . . . Janette Morris, Sc ’39, and Joann Geer, Sc ’40, have been selected for CAA flight training, according! to G. S. Meikle, in charge of CAA training at the University. Janette Morris has been completely passed, and Joann Geer will be accepted as soon as she passes her physical examination. Both girls will receive the ^ame instruction as that given the men enrolled in the CAA training course.
Reamers To Start Contribution Drive For Mascot Today “Look for the silver headgear”
will become, the campus cry when Reamer Club members set out to distribute tags and take contributions for construction of the Purdue Mechanical Mascot. The drive will begin today at 5 o'clock, when a tag desk will be opened in the great hall of the Union next to the alumni
association registration desk. Carrying silver headgear in which
to receive contributions, club members will approach alumni immediately after'the banquet in the Union ballroom. Tomorrow members will concentrate on the football crowd, with tag distributors stationed all
around Ross-Ade Stadium. Unveiling Of Union Carvings To Open Tonight's Program Unveiling of the bas reliefs above
the main entrance to the Union at 8 p. m. will open tonight’s Homecoming program. The statues have been designed to represent youth as it is today in the various phases of university life. Miss Frances Rich, sculptress, will be present for the
occasion.
Depict Engineer One, a figure of a young man helping a co-ed friend into an evening cloak, is intended to represent the formal social activities of the school. Engineering atmosphere is created by depicting youth carrying a slide rule and a co-ed companion with books under her arm. Agriculture appears in the form of an ed clad in overalls holding a pair of shears and a sheep. A girl, pictured with decorative vines and flowers, is used to bring out the science and home economics motif. Recreation Represented Remaining relief, depicting two girls talking, one in shorts holding a bicycle, and the other toying with a tennic-racquet, creates an air of friendliness and informality. Miss Rich will fly here today from St. Louis with her sister, Jane Rich, and her mother, Mrs. Irene Rich, screen and radio star, who usually attends the unveiling of her daughter’s work.
Pep Session To Follow Unveiling Of Carvings By Jim Parks With the heaven-resounding booms of aerial bombs serving as a startings signal, the annual Homecoming pep session will begin at the Union tonight immediately following the unveiling of the new carvings over the main entrance of the Union. The parade to Stuart Field will
start from the Union, proceed down Grant street, then to Northwestern and onto the field.- The session will be lighted by a huge bonfire which has been prepared by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary and co-sponsors of the rally with Gimlet and Reamers. Bill Dunshee, head cheerleader, will introduce the speakers for the affair which will include Prexy Elliott, Mai Elward, “Irish” O’Brien, and Gordon Sleight. ’14 Captain To Speak O’Brien, captain of the Boilermaker football squad of 1914, will introduce the members of that team which is celebrating its 25th anniversary this week-end. “Red” Sleight, All-American tackle in 1929, will acquaint the Riveter fans with the teammates who made possible his selection as the nation’s finest^tackle. During the rally the Reamer Club will conduct a drawing to see who will receive an official football autographed by the members of the varsity. They will hold the contest in the following manner: a number will first be drawn to determine the number of the page in the new directory from which the name of the lucky person will _be chosen; then by a second similar drawing of a number corresponding to the names appearing on the selected page will select the winner of the prize. Kizer Asks Support Nobel Kizer in a recent intei’view stated, “Attitude of the student body is very largely reflected in the attitude of the players as they go on the field.” To make sure that the fault does not lie in the student body, the organizations sponsoring the session have extended themselves in making this pep session the largest and liveliest one of the season. Quivey, Ag '17, Is First Out Of Town Grad To Register 0. K. Quivey, Ag ’17, of Baltimore, Md., won the unofficial honor of being the first out-of-town alumnus to register for Homecoming, when he arrived at the University yesterday. Harry Rank, ’84, was the first local alumnus to place his name on the registration books. R. C. E. Weber, ’07, was another of the early arrivals. Word was received at alumni headquarters that Clifford Carroll, ME ’34, who has been stationed at Oroya, Peru, will be among the alumni throng. Carroll, who recently returned to this country, is making a special trip from West Virginia to be here for Homecoming.
Alumni To Honor Former Gridiron Warriors Tonight Secondary highlight of the weekend for the home-coming alumni will be the alumni banquet to be held in the ballroom of the Union tonight, in honor of the ’14 and ’29 football teams. Starting at 6 o’clock with the dinner for all alumni, the program will be climaxed with the unveiling of the carved stones on the front of the Union at 8 o’clock. Myron Bone, ’15, will act as toastmaster for the portion of the banquet to be held in the ballroom, and Paul Cooper, president of the Student Union, will take over for the unveiling of the statues. Silver Trophy Featured on the program will be the presentation of silver football trophies to the senior members of the ’14 team and the alumni watch *to Tommy Melton, by Burr S. Swezey, ’13. Among the speakers on the program will be Dr. E. C. Elliott, president of the University; G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school; Mal Elward, head football coach; Noble Kizer, athletic director; “Irish” O’Brien, captain of the ’15 team; and “Red” Sleight, representing the ’29 team. Most noted off-campus speaker will be Irene Rich and her daughter, Frances, who designed the statues. Papenguth Speaks To Triton Members Dick Papenguth, sponsor of the Dolphin Club, talked to the members of the Triton Club last Tuesday evening about the technique for effective formation swimming and surface diving, swimming in ballet form, and tandem relays in rhythmical order. New Members Previous to the meeting the Triton Club pledged 19 new members at the women’s gym. The pledges are Lorraine Bemis, Stanis Stroy, Mary Lou Lasey, Ruth Walker, June Darrow, Gwen Curry, Jean Steigerwald, Barbara Ford, Ellen Zeigler, Genevive Heath, Ruth Cohen, Mary Kuzmitz, Dorothy Holden, Jane Stamm, Martha Rosencrans, Jane Hodges, Alice Chatfield, Delores Fellner, and Shirley Emhoff.
Homecoming Program Today 12:00 noon—Homecoming officially begins. Fraternity and sorority decoration judging starts. 6:00 p. m.—ALUMNI BANQUET in Union ballroom. 8:00 p.m.—Statue unveiling. Main entrance of the Union. —PEP SESSION!! Immediately after statue unveiling. 9:00 p. m.—Mixer in Union ballroom. Music by Will Osborne’s orchestra. Tomorrow 10:00 a. m.—Freshman football game at Stuart Field. 12:00 noon—^Homecoming luncheon in Union ballroom. 2:00 p. m.—Football game—PURDUE vs. IOWA. 5:00 p. m.—Free tea dance in Union ballroom. Music by Harry McCrady’s orchestra. 0:00 p.m.—Mixer in Union ballroom. Music by Jim Greene’s orchestra.
Fraternities And Sororities Rush To Complete Decorations
By Ned Ochiltree
Homecoming decorations of the campus fraternities and sororities are now in the process of being completed and will be finished this noon in order to be judged this afternoon and evening. Several of these'organizations have been working on their displays for several days in an attempt to win the trophy given to the fraternity and sorority judged to have the most in-
genious display.
Last year first place among the fraternities went to Phi Gamma Delta with a representation of the “Purdue Downs,” where the Purdue horse was running against a brokendown Wisconsin nag. Pi Beta Phi sorority took first place in the sorority division. They had a 20-foot goal post with a coin twirling on the
cross-bar.
Honorable Mention The Beta Theta Pi’s with their circus and Coney Island side show, and the Kappa Sig’s with an Alaskan water fall won honorable mention for the fraternities, while Chi Omega received this rating for the sororities with decorations consisting of a setting hen. This year’s decorations, all representing Purdue defeating Iowa, are new and different from those of previous years. They range from a Boilermaker locomotive smashing into an Iowa automobile to 11 Iowa players laid out on hospital cots. Three fraternities received their inspirations from Esquire, two of them having large Petty drawings, and the other a replica of the Es-
quire cover. Battlefield
The yards surrounding three of these social organizations will become barn yards, that of another will be made into a modern battle- ■ field, with tanks and other articles of warfare, while that of a fourth will be a mortuary. One sorority is changing their lawn into a football
field.
Further similarity between exhibits is shown by the fact that two fraternities have as their central
At The Dance
¥ 'ilTlWliHlill ' i
S''';'
all
Will Osborne
Mixer Dancers To Hear Music By Will Osborne Gliding to the “slide music” of Will Osborne and his band, tonight’s mixer dancers will hold forth in a ballroom decorated in true homecoming style. Before a backdrop bearing a “Welcome Alumni” spread above a little man (not the one who wasn’t there) who is-kick-ing a huge football, alumni and students will hear music by Osborne and songs bs^Dick “Stinky” Rogers and Lynn Borroughs, his featured
vocalists.
One of the few “sweet-swingers” among the bands of today, Osborne’s slide music has been heard at more college proms than that of any other band. This slide music is the only band style that has ever received a patent from the United States patent office, and is achieved by the combined use of three ^fide trumpets along with three slide
trombones.
Traveling Seniors May See'My Dear Children' In Chicago Seniors who are traveling to Chicago on inspection trips may make reservations with Prof. C. L. Lovell of the chemical engineering school for “My Dear Children,” currently playing at the Selwyn Theater. Tickets are priced from $1.10 to $2.75, and may be purchased in a
block.
A quarter of a million dollars, running through 20 sulti-y summer weeks, is the record established by John Barrymore ip the farce-com-edy, “My Dear Children.” A distinguished supporting cast includes Doris Dudley, Tala Birell, who left Hollywood for this role, and Philip Reed of “Reflected Glory.” , Church Foundation To Hold Skating Party Purdue Christian Foundation will hold its annual skating party tomorrow at Maple Point. Members of the foundation and their friends will meet at 126 Chauncey at 7 p. m. Skating will continue from 7:30 to 10:30 p. m.
(Continued on page 4) University Weather Authority Ends Life With Monoxide Gas Thomas H. Hill, 54, weather observer and technical assistant in the department of agriculture, ended his life yesterday morning by inhaling fumes of carbon monoxide from his automobile which he had driven into a garden tract one mile west of West .Lafayette. Worry over financial difficulties is attributed to be the cause of his act. The body was located by West Lafayette police and firemen in the afternoon after University officials received notes intimatjng that he contemplated suicide. An attempted resuscitation by firemen failed. Kept Reports For 26 Years Hill had read various weather instruments and had kept records for the United States Department of Agricultm-e for 26 years. He made his daily weather observations at 7 a. m. but failed to report for work at 8. It remained for the noon mail, containing his notes to University officials, to reveal his intentions. Hill was born in England March 7, 1885. He was a member of the West Lafayette Methodist Church and local Masonic lodge. Surviving are the widow, a son Norman, PE freshman; a daughter, Mrs. Evelyn McCleary, ’37, Indianapolis. Funeral Services Funei-al services will be conducted Saturday at 2:30 p. m. at the Soller-Baker funeral home, with Rev. Qtto Scott Steele officiating. Burial will be in Grandview Cemetery in West Lafayette. The body will rest in the funei’al home this afternoon and evening.Mil
»f- o'?*.,#i#l<>' »
/
I i 1 fft''!
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 3, 1939
Incidentally— By Romanoff Foi oui thesis (if and when we ever get that far up this shak\ academic laddei) we’re going to take a shot at something really useful. A ^ + The preface will open something like this: “In our estimation there is a definite place in the social organization of the nation’s fraternities and sororities for some more perfect type of call system. “If youhe evei tiied to concentrate some night when the buzzer sounds like a Hitler ultimatum, you’ll get what I mean vhen I say the ordinary buzzer must go. “In its place we will substitute an Ultra High Frequency Oscillator It will be tuned to what the physicists delight to call the ‘threshold of feeling’.” ik ^ :k In oidinaiy eveiyday language the new call system would be a buzzei, not the ordinary type that goes Burzzz Burzzz . . . Buip foi two dashes and a dot, but one that makes no noise at all. The sensation would be one of pain . . . not one of sound due to the high frequency of the note which the system emits. * A Assuming that eveiyone in the house had a different thieshold of pain . then the call sheet would read something like this Smith, P. Q 21 Kilocycles Jones, P. Q 17 5 ” Brovn, P. Q. 19.4 ” When a phone call came m for (say) Jones, the fieshman runs his duty thumb down the sheet to Jones, P. Q , and thence light to the notation 17.5 k.c. He tunes the phone booth oscillator to 17.6 and shoves in on the button. Wherevei Jones is aiound the house he will immediately ha\e the pleasant sensation that the top of his head is coming off, oi that his eyes are made of beer bottle caps (the zip kind). H- H V When the freshman releases the button, Jones’s first and only thought will naturally be to get to the booth befoie he has a chance to close the circuit again.
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60.
Editorial Board
R E Insley W E Smith
-
Editor-in-chief Business Manager
D. G Terrio G W Frederick-. E M Antoninl G Schilling R Jenkins
Editorial Director Managing Editor Senior Advertising Manager _ Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
Junior Staff
Editorial R P. DeHoog R W. Donahue D K. Heiple J H McKee M L. Miers J C. Willaey
Business R Fisher R Hall A. Hite M. Hagemeyer T. Petty G. Cox, Sec.
Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards Co-ed M. Burtsfleld G. Carroll B Simpson
D. J
Hennlnger, Art Director
PHONES
Editorial 4005
Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTON • LOS ANGELES ■ SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited and published* by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director.
Friday, Nov^ber 3, 1939 Night Editor—Donahu^^ Issue Editor—Fletcher
of audibility to the threshold of feeling for the average buzzer system has enumerable advantages. If someone runs off with your date during a house dance, just buzz him once and he will come ciawling out wherever he is hiding and beg forgiveness . . . wow!
So ve see that this migration from the threshold Where’s my soWering iron? ? ? ?
UoiOL of the PcmpuA. Student Ratingis Are Good Teaching Aids Dear Mr Terrio: Youi editorial entitled “Your Professoi” which appeared in the Purdue Exponent foi Saturday, Octobei 28, interested me veiy much It IS highly piobable that a student’s attitude towaid his teachers IS a majoi factor in the quality and quantity of his learning Based upon this majoi premise a considerable fi action of my lesearch has concerned itself with pioblems centeied aiound attitudes of students. If you have not alieady seen it you will be interested, I believe, in a study published in this division in 1928 entitled “The College Professor as the Student Sees Him,” studies in higher education XI, bulletin of Purdue University. Unfortunately the demand for this bulletin was so great that our stock has long ago been exhausted. You will find it, however, if you aie interested, in the Purdue University Library.
Instiuctors in a number of departments on the campus regularly have themselves rated on the Purdue lating scale for instructors The expense of these ratings is borne by the University, the rating scales being made available through this division. While, of couise, there will always be students who attempt to find a scrapegoat for their own shortcomings in the teacher it is my conviction that the large majority of students aie seiiously motivated by a desire to equip themselves for a professional career and in the light of this evaluate their
LH^ TODAY - SATURDAY
CHARLES BICKFORD i
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
CoToWB'* PIuTURF — AN D — 'DOWN IN ARKANSAW" — WITH — PINKEY TOMLIN WEAVER BROS. —ALSO —
loiilllAMGiR PrniBsmMIt
am,
ipud
ijeaut
as you like it in 1940 DEBRIS Price change November 10from $4.00 to $4.50.
mo
(OubhiA. 'QompMsL Qampmu Qodbjuujsl'
mo
. . . cute, too. Two plus two equals man six long weeks ago—and has
couises and instructors as they see them. Systematic collection of such evaluations by individual instructors will, I am sure, serve constiuc-' tive puiposes in guiding the instiuctoi toward moie effective teaching. Sinceiely youis, H. H. REMMERS, Diiector, Division of Educational Reference
MARS —ONE DAY onlymatinee AND NIGHT SAT., NOV. 18
A GEOR yL ABBOTT HIT \
sfarrin?
liACiCiE mmm with FRANK McGLVNN JOSEPHINE DUNN » CYRILLA DORNE • A Stage Play • DIRECT FROM BROADWAY MAIL ORDERS NOW
ADM
Mat 55-83-1.10-1.65-2 00 Eve. 83-1 10-1.65-2.00-2 50
—Tax Included—
SEASON RESERVATIONS FOR THE FOUR STAGE PLAYS MAY STILL BE PURCHASED AT A GREAT SAVINGS.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE SUPER-CHARGED THRILLS SEE THE SPORT OF DEATHS
ANN SHERIDAN-PAT O’BRIEN-JOHN PAYNE GALE PAGE •FRANK McHUGH* Directed by Lloyd Bacon , —PLUS — A New Torchy Blane Thrill-Venture! "TORCHY IN CHINATOWN" _ WITH — GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MacLANE
four.
, —B & B— If Louis can’t add correctly, he’s making a helluva mistake.
—B & B-
not paid up with the conventional candy or the serenade. After all, Sig Nus, exercising your vocal talents can’t cost a cent in the coin of the realm. Is it the fraternity or is
A certain senior Sig Nu planted ** MAN?
his pin on an inexperienced fresh-
—Embittered Co-eds.
Once again this department is getting disgusted at the students. The contrib end of it is lax, very, very lax. Get on the ball everybody and get in some juicy dirt! This column is getting to be more like an old women’s sewing circle chatterbox every day. We want dirt— plenty of it. Far be it for me to ask you to swipe letters out of drawers, but it is a good idea . . . and stuff. —B&B— . . and here is something juicy to increase the appetite: Lucy met a tram. The traifi met Lucy. The train was juicy The juice was Lucy. —B&B— Louis Bledstein’s pals can’t figure out why he hardly ever goes to his Saturday classes. After thoroughly checking up on the situaiion, we find that said Bledstein is usually en route to Indianapolis every Friday' evening. It so happens that his babe lives in Indianapolis, and she is as shapely as a coca cola bottle
.NI.IU. !,
— LAST TIMES TODAY — 1 GANTRY—the Blind Horse 1
Edith Fellows in
'PRIDE OF THE BLUE GRASS'
YEA! PURDUE BEAT IOWA DRESS UP IN A NEW SUIT AND TOPCOAT FOR HOMECOMING ^16-'^^ to SUITS — 1 and 2 trouser suits of fine worsteds that retain their shape and press. Tweeds in three button, drape models. TOPCOATS—in hair blends, coverts and fleeces in Balmacan models. Colors — Tan, Blue Grey, Green and Brown. KING THE CLOTHIER LAFAYETTE, IND.
Antique Finish AT NO EXTRA COST! ^You know the quality look, the feeling of character in antiqpue furniture and bronze. Well, we urge you to come j? try on a pair of our Antique Finished Fortunes. They have that very same strength of character. You see, we apply a real antique finish, by a special process, to particular Fortune Shoes. It gives them a warmth, a tone that will impress you. Whatever your taste in shoes... if you’re looking fee style plus comfort, at a price you can pay... you’ll ^be pleased with our complete and distiuctiye Rha, • Smait style . . . that’s in every Fortune model. Comfort, too, in the construction and in our fitting. A man shows wisdom buying Fortunes.
*4 MOST STYLES
B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St.Friday, November 3, 1939
TOUCHBALlr-Today Field Oflioial 1— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Sigiha. Leppla 2— Ward 24 vs. Ward 28. Benna S^Ward 26 vs. Ward 14. Brinduse 4—Ward 13 Vs. Ward 27. Chaffee 6—Ward 7 vs. Ward 6. Close 6— Ward 8 vs. Ward 2. Juillard 7— Ward 1 vs. Ward 11. Mann 8— Cary Hall 16 vs. Cary Hall 1. Fapurca 9— Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 12. Smithson 10;—Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall 1. Chapman 11— Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 4. Adams 12— Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall g. McGrath 2—Kappa Sigma, vs. Sigma Chi.
Board'^elects Intramural Ali-Star Softball Squad Compiling the statistics and records of individual performances in the recently-completed intramural softball tournament, the All-Star Board has selected the most outstanding players and formed them into an AllStar softball team. These selections wdre made with the aid of questionnaires which were filled out by each organization’s athletic manager. The following men were named on the squad:
Pitchers ?
G. W. Hearne, Sigma Alpha Epsilon F. C. Kroft, Kappa Sigma H. P. Kwasny, Tau Kappa Epsilon Catchers C. H. Rechenbach, Ward 25 D. Paarlberg, Alpha Gamma Rho Infielders A. E. Evers, Phi Kappa Sigma John Vernon, Theta Chi R. M. Schaefer, Sigma Pi R. L. Igney, Phi Sigma Kappa M. L. Stamm, Delta Chi J. L. Thompson, Kappa Sigma
' Outfielders
W. A. Nuetzel, Pi Kappa Alpha E. S. Eickelberg, Cary Hall 10 Jackson, Ward 16 , J. E. Bosse, Phi Kappa Sigma/
No position on the Ohio State football team is without lettermen this season. However, many of the monogram winners cannot boast much more than the required game time necessary to win an award.
2-HOUR CLEANING AND PRESSING SERVICE
ri\^ CASH
SUITS,
KIJC: AND
TOPCOATS,
J m' carry
plain DRESSES
CO-OP
12J VINE ST. PHONE 5304
yours to American next time and'get the thrill I havel Call 3085 American Laundry West Side Ofilce 132 Vine St
Have You Seen—SQUIRE PICKWICK OXFORD AT The Varsity Boot Shop IN THE VILLAGE
Welcomes Purdue Alumni
MEN'S MACKINAWS
I /
$4.
98
Others $7.70
Extra durable, extra warm. Dbu-ble-bi'easted. Sport back. Water repellent, heavy 33-oz. all wool. 3-piece belt. Pull 32-inch length. Blue, green, maroon or brown plaid. Sizes 34 to 48.
MEN'S SLACKS w
MEN'S JACKETS
« ©
.98
$4.00 Value
SJ.«
Just the thing for school wear styled and made for double duty. Plain colors in narrow wale herringbone. 20-inch bottom. Unbreakable buttons.
Others L98 to $8.50 One of America’s greatest values in Suede Leather Jackets, Full rayon lining, slide-fastener, front and breast pockets. Sizes 34 to 48.
Crepe Soles The ideal shoe for school and street wear. Crepe soles lead the parade for comfort school shoe. Smart and long wearing.
Sandy Nevin Outdoor Shoe
S3.1S
All Styles
None finer than Sundy Nevins allaround oxfords. The comfortable moccasin style is just what you need for tired,
/ soi’e feet.
Dress Oxford $1.98
When economy slips in, this is the shoe. mart in style, sturdy iin construction.
Dress Rubbers 98c
You know what wet feet usually does. Well, now is the time to prevent that winteir cold. Save at Sears.
SfARSvROEBUGK AND
Third and South Sts. Phone 4039
SEARS SELL ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TOTALING $10 OR MORE ON THE EASY PAYMENT PLAN
Free parking lot directly across the street from our
store.
Cross Counfry Team Seeks Initial Win In Dual Meet Tomorrow Time trials over the local cross country course Wednesday afternoon gave evidence that the Riveters’ efforts to win points will be shouldered by others besides Ed Holderman, Coach Phillips’ dependable sprinter. In preparation for the season’s initial home meet with Wayne University, seven ttien'.qualified to toe the mark next Saturday morning. Although Holderman broke the tape, Shulman followed within five yards after the two traveled the course side by side for most of the four miles. Clocked at 19 minutes and 32 seconds, Holderman snapped the tape only 2.5 seconds before the speeding sophomore crossed the line. The five other men who qualified in the trials were Reeves, Jim White, Young, Mac White, and Grant in that order. There is possibility that Bob Jarvis, who is now on the ailing list, might start in place of one of the above mentioned men. In quest of their first victory of the season, the cross country team will face Wayne Saturday morning with the race starting between halves of the intra-squad frosh football game. It is the only remaining meet before the state cross pun try meet on November 11.
/(
0RRA/N€-
and
1.98
These high fash- • ion pajamas and gowns are styled in distinctive Trique STRIPE material. Irresistible because of its chiffon lightness, amazing durability, service and unique/^smartness! And at THIS price, such elegance is rare
economyl
JUST RIGHT FOR NIGHT!
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Competing iii their first public meet of the season, Boilermaker swimmers will give Riveter sports fans a preview of an entirely rejuvenated aquatic team that will probably be a strong contender for Big Ten honors during the regular dual meet season and in the Western Conference swimming championships next spring. In one of the featured events of the gala, Homecoming program, the varsity swimmers will attempt to defend their prestige against a very potent freshman squad at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the Fieldhouse pool. In order to make the competition
between the two teams more evenly balanced and the individual races closer and more exciting. Coach Dick Papenguth plans to divide the varsity and freshman squads into two teams. Thus the best veterans will swim against the cream of the rhinies. Extensive Workouts Held This year’s varsity and frosh squads are in the midst of one of the toughest and most extensive training periods that a Boilermaker sports squad has ever experienced. Papenguth believes that work and plenty of it is the key to aquatic success. Since each individual man has reached a point in his training activities where he is just about at his best, the events should be run off in near record times. Frosh Confident Boasting some of the best swimmers to come to the campus in a number of years, the frosh team is confident that it will take at least half of the first places in today’s meet. Jack Carney is the star of the frosh and is expected to battle it out with Siler, Graham, Kratzer, and Grainer in the dash and distance events. Some of these races should approach near record time and several Riveter records are expected to fall. Frosh Carney will be aided by Horn in the distance events, by Sneed in the dashes, and
by Ochsteen in fancy diving. Briggs and Fahrner will dive for the varsity. Frosh Williamson will be shooting for a record in the breast stroke, while veteran Krick, who has switched from the breast stroke to the back stroke, will be the strongest entry in the latter event, Broncs Pay Mai Tribute Santa Clara coaches and players unknimously voted Mai Elward the most gracious coach they have ever played against. Elward visited the Bronco dressing room after the game and congratulated the Santa Clara players who had been instrumental in defeating the Boilermakers. Another tribute by the Broncos was directed to the Gold and Black team, which the SC gridders claimed was the hardest charging and tackling eleven they had ever faced. Elmer Carlquist . . . member of the University choir and Pi Tau Sigma, engineering honorary^ was a recent winner of Morris B. Sachs’ amateur hour, broadcast from Chicago, The award was a wrist watch and 75 dollars.
ai/cCr ' Says: "Now the college boys are rating Bach right up with Benny Goodman." It's getting so now that one can scarcely scroll past a fraternity or anywhere around the campus without hearing the beautiful melodies of Chopin as commonly as the brass of Artie Shaw. The college men (and women, too!) of today are definitely learning to appreciate the fine things, as well as the light things, of music. If your musical taste runs to Beethoven and»your room-mate's to Irving Berlin, we have what it takes to satisfy you both . . . the best by RCA Victor, Bluebird, Decca, Columbia and Brunswick. Priced from 35c. lYON & MEALY McLean MUSIC STORE 514 Main St. Lafayette, Ind. Phone 7917
BIG WEEK-ENDS DEMAND Clothes that Ibok young, smart and "ready to go". Only a garment that has been expertly cleaned with careful attention to details can hove this look. Be ready for your big moments when they arrive by having your clothes cleaned regularly.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Northwestern Avenue at Vinet
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday^ November 3, 1939 0<
Band To Participate in Unveiiing Tonight With the opening stiains of M L Lake’s impiessive maich, “The Pilgrim,” the Puidue AIl-Ameiican Band will announce its paiticipation in the unveiling ceiemonies tonight as they enibaik on a week-end schedule that is chucked full of Homecoming festivity and football enthusiasm Immediately after the ceremony, the 150-piece band will march with the enthusiastic football boosters to Stuait Field to play some of the favorite songs and to yell at the evening’s pep session. Saturday afternoon will find the band on the ball at the Purdue-Iowa gridiion tilt with plenty of pep to perfoim for the spectators before and between the halves of the game YWCA To Hold Publicity Committee Meeting Today All co-eds interested in postermaking and newspaper wilting are urged to attend the YWCA publicity committee meeting today at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union The publicity work on the organization’s membership drive and the campfire picnic, which vnll both be held next week, Avill be started at this time Mary Lou Swaney, chairman of the committee, announced that it is not necessaiy foi girls to be members of YWCA m 01 del to take part in the committee’s activities Aero-Modellers Plan Meeting For Tonight Aeio-modelleis will hold a meeting at 7 o’clock tonight in room C of the Union The meeting is open, and movies of contests held duiing the summer and fall will be shown The winners of this fall’s contest are James Cahill, first, and Richard Obarski, second The meeting was originally scheduled to be called after the pep session, but the time was changed to 7 It will be the last opportunity for members to pay their dues
{jJCLCL TbiWA. I By Marjorie Couter Members of the Cosmopolitan Club and University alumni will be special guests at the mixed recreation program to be held in the women’s gym this evening from 7:30 to 9 o’clock. Volley ball, deck tennis, swimming, ping pong, and badminton may be enjoyed by those attending —^waa— An alumm-senior hockey game will be played Saturday morning at 10 o’clock on the Women’s Athletic Field. Members of the senior team, selected from intramural WAA sports, and the alumni team will be announced later. —^waa— WAA representatives will continue giving parties for ward members during the next week. Ward I was entertained last evening, and on Monday evening, from 4 to 5 o’clock, ward II will be the guest. Tuesday evening, from 7:30 to 8.16 o’clock, ward III will be given a party, and in the last meeting on Thursday, November 9, at 7.30, ward IV will be entertained. Each of these parties have a similar progiam consisting of games, announcements concerning intramural winter sports, and refreshments Sororities And (Continued from page 1) theme Boilermaker robots In addition, two others will display Kentucky mountain stills Other fraternity and sorority decorations will consist of replicas of Heavilon Hall and the Santa Maria, a Dutch windmill, an Iowa Ford running into a stone wall, fish in a cellophane tank, Iowa players being made into stew, and a wheel of chance Judging Committee The committee that will judge the fiateimty and sorority house decoiations will be composed of Pi of G M Frier of the Ag extension depaitment, chairman. Mis. John Moirison, Lafayette; Mary Wagnei, Lafayette, repiesenting the Greatei Lafayette Chamber of Commeice, Lloyd Moser, local artist, and Mrs Carl Speck, Columbus, 0 The judging committee expects to announce the winneis by Satur-
day noon, and gold trophies will be awarded by the alumni association to both the winning fiatemity and the winning sorority.
NOTICES
No notices will be accepted aifter 8 p. m.
Gimlet Pledges Be at parking lot at 12 20 p m Saturday November 4 , —frazee!
ActivitieB Committee: Meeting of the hand book committee Friday, November 3, in room A of the Union at 4 p m —WISE
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering lectures report to Fowler Hall Saturday, November 4 O M Ripley of General Electric Co will be the speaker. —KNAPP
Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore business staffs report to the office at 4 ‘16 p m Friday, November 3 —OTT
Senior Debris Pictures: All seniors who have not had senior pictures taken notify Bill Strong editor, in the Debris office before Tuesday November 7 He will arrange for a time to go to Indianapolis —STRONG
Lutheran Students Lutheran Students Association will hold a meeting in room C of the Union at 4 15 p m Friday, November 3 All members are urged to be present to make plans for trip to regional conference —HALL
All Co-eds • Interested in joining YWCA publicity committee come to the women’s lounge for a short meeting Friday, November 8, at 4 p m . —SWANEY
PI A Membership Workers: All PIA membership books should be turned in to the office by Monday, November 6 —DUE
Scriveners Turn in receipt books by 6 p m , Friday November 3 or you aie responsible for them Meeting at Scrivener office at 4 p m , Friday, November 3 —SPRINGGATE
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party from 7 30 to 10 30 at Maple Point Friday night, November 8 Meet at 126 Chauncey at 7 p m Tickets at door, 26c Everybody welcome —ROBBINS
Gimlet Pledges Short meeting Friday, November 3 at 7 16 p m at Delta Tau Delta house Compulsory attendance for all but football players, managers, ushers and SAA —FRAZEE
Outing Club: Hike scheduled for Monday, Alctober 80, has been postponed till Sunday, November 6 For resera'^onB and details call George Shawkins, 66714, or Marjorie Ward, 41111 —WARD.
Co-ed Forensic Managers All managers must be in University Hall, room 308, Friday November 3 at 4 p m This meeting IS compulsory —PECHIN
Debns Salesmen All sophomores on the business staff of Debns must stop in office Friday November 3 at 4 p m for a few minutes —^VAN HORN
Exponent Sophomores: Will the following editorial sophomores who are now working one night each week please phone me about working an additional night Those working two nights will be assigned regular nights as issue editor Bob Metzger, Don Wasson, Bob Moss, Bob Carpenter —l^RED
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: There will be a short meeting Monday afternoon November 6 at 4 p m , in the office Assignments for co-eds will be given on Wednesday afternoon November 8 —SCHILLING
Exponent Sophomores Will the following editorial sophomores who are now working one night each week please phone me at 6089 or leave additional night preferences in my box before Sunday November 6 Jobs as issue editor will be assigned Don Wasson Bob Moss, Bob Carpenter —FRED
Classified Ads . FOR RENT CARS FOR RENT—Call Russ at 71644 after six evenings Minimums rates as low as $2 60 for all night.
Goid peppers Reamers Meet at east door of Union Friday November 3 at 8 16 p m to form for parade in pep session Be there —NEVIN
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable maeUnes as low as $26 76. Supplies. O. F Ebershoff, 666 Main Street.
Reamer Club Meeting of all pledges and actives in room F at 4 p m Friday November 3 Important —REILEY
FOR SALE—Two tickets on 40 yaid line for Purdue Iowa game Call Manley 7202
“Winterset” Begins Work Anyone wishing to work on crew for Winterset’ may sign up in Playshop’s office until Saturday November 4 Work begins Monday a —BEISEL
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Green steamer trunk Supposedly delivered to wrong address by Yellow Cab Call 66102 Patterson ^ Reward
POPCORN - CANDY Cigars, Cigarettes, Tobacco Ice Cream, pints 15c, quarts 25c Canada Dry Ginger Ale Pepsicola, Crown Cola, Coca Cola DAD’S PLACE - So Handy
A lEW iOllLiAS lEALEi AIMUfieES^
SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 4
Mobiiqas
THERE'S A NEW SIGN UP HERE AT THIS STATION WHICH MEANS THAT I'M A STEAOT CUSTOMER FROM NOW ONI IT'S THE SIGN OF THE FETING RED HORSESYMBOL OF FRIENDLY SERVICE FROM COAST TO COAST!
COMEINFORMOBILGASandMOBILOIL FAMOUS COASNO-COAST
M obilgas is the favorite gasoline of millions of car owners. This is your assurance that you get greater mileage . . . more pep and power from every drop. Try a tankful — see for yourself
You can drive farther . . . faster, yet use less oil than ever before with Mobiloil, world’s largest selling motor oil! Mobiloil makes any car run better, last longer. . . . It’s always “Smooth Traveling”
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Jewelers
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Tailor
• Tin Shop
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
John Baikema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St Phone 6852
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Price* 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 AAam St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Outfftters for Fraternities and Sororities EUGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
All Advertised 5c
Candy Bars
R. R. No. 1
COLONIAL GARDENS
Lafayette, Indiana
SMOKES
CIGARETTES CIGARETTES TOBACCO TOBACCO TOBACCO TOBACCO CIGAREHES
Camels, Luckies,
Cheslirfield Old Gold
Sunshine, Wing 20 Grand, Marvels, Paul Jones Prince Albert, Velvet Kentucky Club,
Tuxedo, Mail Pouch, Granger, Advertiser, Old Hillside, Beechnut
Edgeworth,
Sir Walter Raleigh,
Red Man
pkg. pkg.
tin
Model
Union Leader
Koois, Tareyton,
Philip Morris
12c tOc \k
3 for 25c 2 for 25c 2 for t5c pkg. 14c
CANDIES
Chocolate Stars Chocolate Peanuts Chocolate Clusters
CHOCOLATE
ASSORTED TOFFEES BORDEN CARAMELS CHOCOLATE IIROPS
CANDY
CANDY BARS
Orange Slices
Jellies Beans
< fii
‘ }