i
\
\
*
A
WRESTLING TEAM Meets Indiana At Bloomington
Established 1889
xfio^teni
EDITORIAL Says Do The job Right
Volume 55, No. 71
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, January 15, 1943
Jerry Wald To Play For Sophomore Cotillion
OWI Announces Latest Rationing
200 New Students
Will Enter Feb. 6 Regulations, Dates
Enter As Regular Freshmen For Initial 10 Week Term
Following the completion of the Fall term in the high schools, Professor Dammon, Director of Admissions, has announced that the University expects to receive approximately 200 new students who will begin their courses February 6, under a new plan approved by the University during the latter part of Sep-
tember.
This plan, of which the University is the first to perpetrate, is designed to allow high school - —
students to enter the school
prior to the close of enlist- CXpOnBIlt DUSIRBSS
ments in the Navy Reserve, * -- a i VI, March 15, for 17 to 18 year vlaf ff W| 11
old students. High school students who desire admission do not necessarily have to have completed their high school program. If they have successfully completed 12 units of high school work, they are eligible for admission to the Uni-
versity.
Those students who are in the
Callout Monday Jobs To Be Explained At Meeting In Office Next Monday at Kp. m. in the Exponent office, the business staff
upper third of their class may be will hold the callout for this semesadmitted provided they have the ter for new workers. This is your required number of credits. They chance to do what you ai’e intermust be recommended by their ested in and at the same time help school principal, following that, your school paper. The draft has they must pass a special admission passed over the land and the Extest. Before admission is granted ponent has not been spared its by the University, the results of effect. This is yoitr chance to bethis test, the high school record and come part of an all-campus activ-
the recommendation from the prin- ity.
cipal must go before the University At the present time the business Committee on Selection. This com- staff of the Exponent is divided mittee is a special committee which into three sections, circulation, acwas organized to consider all ap- counts and advertising. All three plications. Under this plan, stu- are under the leadership of G. H.
dents need not have graduated from Klouman.
school, but may be first semester Jim Petty heads the ad section, seniors. whose job it is to sell ads, draw
r. • j ' chem up, and see that they are
50 Applications Received , ... ^ .
made properly. Jane Keim, senior
The office of the Director of Ad- executive, is in charge of missions has received approximate- loffers and business details ly 50 applications up to date and ^he circulation department takes many mere are being received. The classified ads, the hiring term for these new students will carriers, the selling of subscripbegin on February 6, and will term- ^nd the filing of past issues, inate with the rest of the regular Members of the accounts staff University program. This special books, send statements, session will last for ten weeks, and collect bills. With such a comthc students will take up the reg- organization the business
staff as a whole expects to function more perfectly dui'ing this seniesCourses Streamlined ter.
Those planning to enter the duties of these jobs will be iSchool of Engineering will omit explained in ddtail at this callout, such subjects as shop, surveying, Come down to the Exponent office personal living, and military train- the sub-basement of the Union ing. Thus their program will have Monday at 4 p. m. to find out Math, English, Engineering Draw- the job which will interest
ing and Chemistry scheduled. This y®"-'-program contains fourteen hours credit. With such a limited schedule, the students will be able to devote moi’e time to each course and thus make up for the short
duration of the term.
ualr freshman
omissions.
courses with few
Mixer Features Three Prizes For War Stamps
Tomonow night the Student Union will hold its regular Saturday night mixer in both ballrooms of the Union to the music of Maury Mahns and his band. A distinctive feature of this dance will bo a contest held to deteimine which three students attending the mixer posbc.ss the war stamp collection which is woi th the most. Coeds and their dates are both eligible to enter this contest. In fact, the only thing that is necessaiy for one to bo able to enter this contest is a ticket, which costs $1.10, and a collection of war stamps, llowevei, no bonds will be
accepted.
Prizes will be aw'aidcd to the
General Engineei'ing department, tpi'gg students wlio have amassed aceomjianiod by his wife at the Uie largest collection of stamps, piano. Prof. C. 0. Lee,of the Phar- q\vo complimentary tickets to fumacy school is in charge of the turn mixers will bo given to the concert. student displaying the war stamp At 9:00 p. m., dancing will be book having the greatest value. The held in both the North and South second prize will consist of a cornballrooms of the Union. Professor pliinentary ticket to one future J, Rising, of the General Engineer- mixer, and a card entitling the stuing department, will be in charge of dent to five free cokes in the Sw'eot the dance. Glen Wiight and his Shop. The third and last aw'aid will band will play for the dance. Bridge be a card entitling one to five fiee games will also be on the p) ogram cokes in the Sweet Shop, and are to bo held in the Faculty The war stamps must be presented f.ounge of the Union beginning at at the counting booth on the ball9:00 p. m. This part of the program room floor at some time between is in the charg'd of W. T. Miller, 8:.‘)0 and 10 p. m.
This term will be known as the Winter term intra-session, denoting that this is a term within a
term.
Prof. Halik Will Play For University Club Next Monday At 8 Next Monday, the University Club is sponsoiing a piogram of entertainment in the Union begin-
ning at 8 p. in.
The program will open with a concert in the music room by Glen Halik, violinist and jirofessor in the
Second Period Ends Jan. 26 The Office of War Information has announced that rationing regulations and dates for Indiana are as follows: Ten gallons of fuel oil may be obtained for each unit in the second period until January 26 in Zone B (northern Indiana counties including Marion) and January 25 in Zone C (southern Indiana counties). Third period coupons, now good for 11 gallons per unit, will be accepted until February 27 in Zone B and February 23 in Zone C. Coupons of the fourth period will be honored from February 7 in Zone B and February 3 in Zone C. Special coupons for cooking, lighting, industrial, commercial, and farm use have expiration dates entered on the sheets by the local
boards of issuance.
Thirty-two coupons are provided in each “A” gasoline book. These have a value of four gallons each. Number three coupons expire January 21 while providing 90 miles of personal driving, computing at 15 miles per gallon, and 150 miles of occupational driving a month. “B” books are issued for occupational driving only with a maximum of 470 miles per month. From this, 160 miles are taken from the “A” book occupational allowance. “B” books contain 16 coupons which may be used to secure four gallons each. The expiration date is indicated on the book and varies from three months to one year, the coupons being honored at any time during the stated period. “C” Books Invalid March 1 “C” books contain sufficient coupons to provide the mileage chosen from December 1, 1942, until March 1, 1943, when they become invalid. Each coupon has a four gallon value; “A”, and “C” books and “A” and “B” books are usually used together. ; Truck owners holding a certifi(See RATIONING, page 4) Sabbagh Tells Amplidyne Use At EE Meeting Lecturing before a capacity audience composed of regular members of AIEE and a number of visitoi’s. Professor E. M. Sabbagh, of the School of Electrical Engineering, elaborated on the subject of amplidynes; their use in industry and the circuits employed in their design. According to Professor Sabbagh, the amplidyne is merely “a device used to control directly large amounts of current with a minimum of control power. Moreover, the amplidyne is not new, having been developed and used in 1909 for the
control of light.
One Watt Will Give 5-12'/2 Watts In describing the uses and advantages of the amplidyne. Dr. Sabbagh declared that with the power of one watt to excite the field coil he could obtain from 5 to 12.5 kilowatts of useful energy. In addition, he stated that the average generator used in airplanes, utilizing the amplidyne control, would have a power output ranging from 10 to 1100 watts. Response of the amplidyne to required changes in current usually takes place in oneteiith of a second. In referring to the use of the device. Dr. Sabbagh pointed out that it was employed extensively in the control of electrical machinoiy in paper mills and steel mills where extremely close control must he maintained over the rollers. In concluding. Dr. Sabbagh designated the principal difference of the amplidyne from the ordinary circuit as its being essentially a “two
.stage” amplifiei'.
The meeting was presided over by Byron Pai'sons, secretary of the University chapter of AIEE.
Draftees To Receive College Education Selectees Must Be Between 18-20; Required To Complete Basic Training Last week the War Department released the information that a qualification board will be set up to enable the army to send thousands of selectees to college in order to get special training in basic and advanced subjects. This plan will be run
jointly by the Army and Navy.
The requirements necessary for entering the basic training are: score 110 or better in an Army classification test, be a high school graduate between
the age of 19 and 20, and complete the regular basic Army training or be in the process
of completing it.
To qualify for advanced training under the plan, the applicant must meet these qualifications: pass the qualification test with the same score, have had one
Emrick Announces Band Promotions, Term Assignments Appointments, promotions, and assignments of officers in the 1942-
_ 1943 Purdue Military Bands have Beginning February 1, all per- been announced by Professor sons between 18 and 46 who have p_ Emrick director.
Band Will Come From Hotel Stand Dance Will Last From 8:30 To 12:30; Thousand Tickets Go On Sale At $1,65 By Tim Tilton Coming direct from the Panther Room of the Hotel Sherman in Chicago, Jerry Wald, the new clarinet-playing sensation, and his orchestra will makes its debut at the Sophomore Cotillion on Friday, January 29, in the Union-ballrooms, playing from 8:30 p. m. to 12:30 a. m. One thousand tickets at $1.65 have been printed, and will go on sale in the cashier’s office Tuesday, January 19. The —— purchase of tickets will be open
been vulnerable to the Selective Service Act for six months or more must carry on their person their classification card (Foi'm No. 57) and their registration certificate (Form No. 2) to show that they are
The roster of the commissioned officers is as follows; 1st Lieut, and Executive Officer, F. Bass; Bvt. 1st Lieut, and Assistant to the Director, P. T. Hemler; 2nd Lieut, and Assistant Military Officer and Act-
Cary Club Names Council Members For This Semester Rules For Mustache Fight Limit Frosh Last night Cary Club elected representatives to serve on the
supercouncil. This group meets fre- the last formal dance of the year, quently to make the rules governing Less Than One Year Old
to sophomores only for the first two days, Tuesday and Wednesday. On Thursday the sale will be extended to juniors and seniors, continuing through Friday. Freshmen may buy tickets
from Saturday morning on. The present hours for the dance
have been set because of the one o’clock coed hours accepted by AWS at the time of the Military Ball. There is a good possibility, however, that coed hours may be extended to 2 a. m., since the Cotillion may be
in good standing with their local jng Military Officer, J. G. Byers;
board. Those who cannot produce them will be subject to fine or im-
prisonment or both.
year of college work or its equivalent and be at least 18 years of age. Trainees To Be In Uniform The War Department pointed out that the trainees will be in uniform on active duty, and will be paid while they learn and will be subject to army discipline. The army furnishes housing and feed facilities and the colleges will furnish the
teaching instructors.
The committee charged with returning students to their colleges and universities after the war will meet for the first time next Sunday. The group of army and navy officers and educators were appointed by the President two days after he signed the teen-age draft bill to assure all students who were called into the armed services a chance to finish their training after the war. Although no action has been taken
2nd Lieut, and Pei’sonnel Officer, J. R. Wood; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Band Adjutant, W. H. Weber; Bvt. 2nd Lieut, and Detail Officer, J. H. Andersoi^ Bvt. 2nd Lieut, anff Sup.,
ply Officer, R. V. Evanson.
Non-commissioned officers are; Technical Sergeant and Band Librai'ian, C. B. States; Technical Sergeant and Publicity Officer, R. L. Weigle; Technical Sergeant and Band Quartermaster, J. H. Isaacs; Staff Bergeant and Assistant to Band Adjutant, R. F. Sharp; Staff Sergeant and Assistant to Band Librarian, W. A. Cheney; Staff Sergeant and Technical Officer, J. A. Shaw; 1st Sergeant, in charge of all details, R. S. Macy; Sergeant,
Music Detail, J. J. Bonner.
Sergeant, Equipment Detail, R. E.' Hill; Supply Sergeant, P. 0. Dodge; Sei'geant, Percussion Detail, B. A. Woodhull; Sergeant, Chair and Rack Detail, W. Winger; Sergeant, Drum Major, M. B. Meyers; Sergeant, Drum Major, J. K. Lewis; Sei’geant, Quaters De-
the members of Cary Club. Four councilmen were elected from each unit, and one each from Oliver Perkins Terry House and Cary Hall
For a band that is less tRan one year old, the Jerry Wald orchestra can truthfully be said to be a sfiven days’ wonder. In the short space of
yet, a committee spokesman reports
that the committee will concentrate Johnson; Corporal, Music piimarily on returning 18 and 19 Detail, A. R. Balitz; Corporal, Pubyear old'sLudent draftees to their heity Detail, R. A. Chapman; Corcolleges and universities when the EMRICK ANNOUNCES, p. 4)
war is over.
Navy To Make Drive For WAVES The Navy has also announced they are starting a new drive to increase the quota of the WAVES by fifty per cent. The drive was launched January 2. At the same time, requirements for entering the WAVES were relaxed to make more women eligible. Under the new specifications, the educational requirement for enlisted women was dropped from four to two years of high school education. The second qualification, which affects both enlisted personnel and officers, allows a WAVE to be married, or to marry any service man who is not actually in the Navy itself. The WAACS are also planning to start a new recruiting campaign that will start some time during the month of January. The Women’s Army Auxiliary Corps needs 150,000 women in all, but has not set a specific quota for 1943. The latest figures .show that well over 15,000 women arc needed now in the corps, many of whom are already on active duty at home and abroad.
Northwest, where a fewer number ^as climbed to a level with of students live. The vice-presidents the great orchestras of the day and of the various units, which were jjgg feggit ^gg^d constantly'on the elected at the end of last semester, networks, on Decca records, and has' sit in on the supercouncil. The vice- appeared in the Paramount picture, presidents ahd councilmen for the “PoUies Girl”. By way of a preview different groups are: Unit A, Ab to his par excellent music, you 'may Shepartz, vice-president, Dick Ler- Usten to him over station WMAQ ner, Robert Kroeplin, George Starr, gt io;15 p. m., Monday through Frfand Fred Sines; Unit B, Bill Newill, ^gy^ broadcasting from the Panther vice-president, Louis Suss, Dave Room. WBAA will broadcast some Fox, Art Seddon, Maurice Udes; his recordings as soon as they.
Unit C, Leo Wynd, vice-president, g^.g obtained
Wallace Hendry, Bill Cummings, There are sixteen men in the Wald Constantine Tsaros, Jim Bowen; band and the outstanding solosists Unit D, Joe Cardona, vice-presi- gj.g Johnny Bond and Bemie Privin, dent, Norm Merrick, Art Brumfield, trumpet stars; Andy Akers, pianist, Quentin Evans; Northwest, .Harry ggj George Berg, tenor saxophonist. Fargo, vice-president, Charles ipbe band’s featured performer beWhistler; Terry House, Ken Daw- bind Wald’s torrid clarinet is lovely son, and Don French. Lillian Lane whose vocals have that It has been decided that only the certain something. Lillian made her first semester freshmen in the halls bow with Claude Thornhill about a
year ago and was an instant hit on
recordings and broadcasts. Skull and Crescent Banquet
The members of Skull and Cresfirst cent, sophomore honorary organiza-
(See JERRY WALD, page 4)
will participate in the battle for seniors’ mustaches. Second semester men may participate providing they wear pots and generally abide
by the customs regarding semester men in the halls.
WBAA 'Radio Stage' Cast Rehearses At Late Hours In Music Hall Studios
Gun Shots, Train Wrecks, Cries Fill Studio With Pandemonium
WBAA Will Play 'Pastoral' Tonight A new radio program, inaugurated la.st Friday over WBAA and .sponsored by the PIA, will continue its series of broadcasts tonight from 7 to 7:30 p. m. The program, entitled “Memories of the Ma.stcrs,” consists of a half hour of uninterrupted symphonic music. The program tonight will feature Beethoven’s Sixth Symphony, Opus 68 (Pastorale)' in F. 'Phis is the same symphony that appeared in “Fantasia,” Walt Disney’s latest production, which was presented at the convo yesterday afternoon.
By Becky Pervine
It’s 11 o’clock Friday night. The campus is napping. As far as WBAA’s listeners are concerned the station has gone to bed. The great Hall of Music is as quiet as a tomb. But in the main studio of WBAA
there is much activity.
There is a motley crew assembled. The girls may be wearing slacks, have their hair “up”. The fellows have on their loudest plaid shirts, no ties, and dilapidated hats. During lulls the girls knit or file their nails while the fellows sing in bar-ber-shop-quartet style. At one side of the studio there are two more fellows producing train wrecks and gun shots from what looks to be a salvage center for the scrap metal drive. In the control room records are being auditioned and re-played. Some one else is mumbling lines and marking script. To the obseiver, if thorn be one, confusion seem.s to be running rampant. But each person is doing^a specific job—his part in carrying on a great tradition at WBAA of one dramatic production every Saturday afternoon at one o’clock for the past five years. This is the final “mike” rehearsal for the dramatic show “Radio Stage”.
Student Participants
Assembled here are the cast, the
director, the sound technicians, and the operator who will put the show on the air in its final form. All are students. Here sound effects ai’e perfected, timing is checked to within thirty seconds, and lines are practiced until the director is satisfied. No lines are memorized, all are read from the script. This I’ehearsal begins at 10 o’clock, and will probably continue until about midnight, or until the show has reached the point where it is in top 'form for broadcasting. Prior to this rehearsal there is a “reading” rehearsal. This is held on the evening before for the purpose of familiarizing the cast and the sound men with the show and charactei’s, and with the sound that is called for in the script. Whether the script be one of tragedy, comedy, melodrama, farce, satire . . . the production process is the* same. The show' is first cast, then the reading rehearsal is scheduled, and finally the show is rehearsed on mike. The director stands in the control room in full view of the cast, who watch him for cues on sound and lines. He watches the timing and signals to the cast to slow down or speed up as the case may be. Sometimes Tran.seribed Conditions sometimes make it ad-
visable to transcribe the show rather than put it on “live” on Satiirday. In this case, the show is transcribed at this mike rehearsal. This gives the cast an opportunity to hear themselves as others hear them. For after listening to themselves the cast generally tries much harder to improve the quality ‘of their work. The sound effects men. get a chance to hear the effectiveness of their latest creations. About midnight the cast is dismissed and they adjourn to look into the possi-
bility of finding some food.
Comes Saturday ... 12:46 ... and the cast assembles once again in the studio. This time it’s the real thing. No matter how old a hand an actor may be at this game, there iS always a moment of suspense as the second hand sweeps around to one o’clock. The director says, “Let 'em have it, gang”. Then the arinouncement, “Saturday afternoon, one o'clock, curtain time on Radiq Stage”. Theme . . . and the show is on. In the following thirty minutes the finished product of six to ten
hours of work is presented. Methods Pooled Each Saturday
New ideas, new voices, new techniques and the approved methods of those going before are pooled each Saturday at one o’clock to carry on the great tradition of a thirty minute dramatic show each weekfor five years .. a tradition and achievement that makes Radio Stage the
source of pride it is for WBAA.,1
W'-
€(J
Purdue Expohefd
Friday, Jcihuaty
iiriiiiwiiiaii
Pwrdue Exponent . OTficesV Eititoriiil and Business Piirdiie Memorial Union, Phone 4005 S|>orts, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Gdltor,, Snsintss MannRcr News Editor.. MantutiOjK, Editor ; Senior Adyertisitisr Mannircr, SlWrts EdHor . 'Coed'Edhdr: Goed-BttSftieSH Erecutive.
William G. Hoskins . Gerhard H. Klonman ..Robert W. Boswinkle Dale E. Bhtz James Gi Pliitty ..Joseph S. Dawson .Sally Beall . A. Jimie Keinr
Pdbtication Staff ' Editorial Staff A^cidte Editors: B. J. CMylor, J. t. Richanlson, T. L. Tilton, Wl K. Tyson,iW. L. Vermilion, I\l. L. Smith, C. C.,Martin-' d#il, E; MurRhy. ^CoedStafft PhyUis Mann, Martha Lee RiftKs; Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer\ E. Smith.
Business Staff Assistant Advertising: Manaitcr: J. Pilpi. Advertising Managers': J. Flcxon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Managers: W. Recktonwald and R. Kroeplin. Accounts Manager? Maty Dills.
The Purdub' Indepeddenf
idltor-in-Chief..
..Bert Squier
Staff Por This- Issue Night Editor: Martindclt' - ‘ Sport's Editor:-Sowards Day Editor: Parsons , Issue Editor: Speck Workers: Goodenpugh, Richardson, Kaplan, Jordan, Smclt2er, For.sythp. .Somhier. Abbett, HolfCrich. Entered as second cla.ss matter at the post office in I.afayette, Indiana, under the act of Con.gress of. March 3, 1879, and at the special r.ate of postage provided for in section 1193, act of October 3, 1917, authorized' January 30, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and .Sunday mornings dtirihg the year. Delivered locally, by carrier for ¥1.75 for a semester or $3.00 for two semesters: by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semc.ster.s.. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising ’ Service, Inc., College Publishers Uepreseritatives, 420 Madison Ave., .New York, N. Y. '
nhe mSHM^TOH
Tm U S Pdf Of<
1 GRIKANI>B|A|IT
By JLichiy
Do That Job... According to an announcement received from the Office of War Information, the Army is’ going ahead with it.g plan of returning selectees and enlisted reservists to college'for further specialized training after their call to active duty. A partial lisj; of qualifications brings out the fact that the applicants will have to attain a certain grade on an Army classification test before they are eligible to return to college for training. This information is not new to Purdue students since on December 18, President Elliott pointed out that what happens to a student after he gets in the service will in no small way be determined by the student's record at the University. Although present regulations state that unassigned member's of the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be allowed to finish their training, there are many students eligible for the draft who might be interested in further specialized training after their induction. The uffice of War Information also reveals that draftees in the present war are educationally head and shoulders above their counterparts in the last war. According to recently compiled statistics, twelve per cent of the present draftees have a college education, as compared with the five per cent of college trained men in the army of the last war; This means that the competition will be keen in the race to discover which selectees will be sent to colleges of the nation under the joint ArmyNavy plan. -As President Elliott so aptly put it, “A \vord to the wise should be sufficient,” or in other words it is up to us to do our best during our stay at the University. The question immediately arises as to how we can do our best under the present conditions. Here again the words of President Elliott provide a fitting answer to this question. In his formula for faith, Elliott urged each student to tackle every job with the same viciousness that he would employ if the whole outcome of the venture depended upon him alone. - If we apply this formula to our work in the University, and our life after leaving here, we will not only do our best, but we will also be a credit-to our country, our University and to ourselves.—d.e.b. ■■ . ° The Ratio
. . . to 1
OV^R THE VACATION ' Theta Katie Gannon is now proudly dispIayinR- the Kappa Sig badge of Jack McKenzie. "We wonder how long this wvill last with Katie being the only'girl on the new junior Union board with six wolves for competition. Two of the other brothers, “Moose” Nourse and Jim Wagner, played smart and .safely placed their pins off campus over the holidays. Not much from the purity g'als at the Pi Phi house except that Jean “Bosom” Bark is now back in circulation, having broken up permanently (she says) with her Phi Gam pin man from Wabash. Dotty, former Pee Fee, received an engagement ring from DU Joe Starek as a gi aduation present and Sue Mayer took the Phi Belt badge of Ralph Barnes. Frankie Thompson of the Chi 0 clan finally tossed ever Jack Silvers from the ATO Blackfeet Tribe and took a West Point ring with plans for -wedding bells isoon. That leaves the couch on the south wall open how, men. SuccG.ssfully over-riding a few obstacles of last .semester, X and a horseshoe Charlotte Hass quit school this term-to niai-ry her man in the Army next Thursday. Pound out on the special train home (what a party!) thiit DU Joe Richard,s was relieved of his pin by Kappa Robbie Robinson last October 12! Looks like Joe kept It quiet so he could skip out just ahead of the cigars. However, the rest of the bi-others have been kept in smokes by Joe Lautner aiid Bob Hannam, who also fi' -/*** theirs in a safe spot, back home.
Corded Hud Wages Feud With Wad Street Controllers Of Cerbanr Sugar tnterests WASHINGTON—Cordell Hull, who as an ex-Con-gressman detests lobbyists, especially sugar lobbyists, is waging a silent but potdht feud against the big four sugar interests of Cuba.' Actually, Cuba itself has very little to do with it. It is the big Wall Stfefet sugar companies dominated by the CJase National Bank and the National City Bank which have aroused Secretary Hull’s Tennessee ire. He is out to break their strangle hold on our island neighbor. Heliind the feud is the fact that last year Jesse Jones’ Defense Supplies, Inc., purchased tlte entire Cuban sugar crop at a very high price, and now we find ourselves with 1,600,000. tons of sugAr left in Cuba, plus 65,000,000 gallons of invert syrup; plus' 70,000,000 gallons of blackstrap molasses. We needed the syrup and niolasses for making alcohol. Also we feared a sugar shortage. But we did not figure on the submarine and shiniiing crisis which now makes it almost impossible to move the above balance out of Cuba. None of this was Jesse Jones’ fault, except possibly the high price—which gave the big sugar companies and their New York bankers a profit of $60,000,000' to' $8h;000,000. • Sugar Crop Goes To Wdsie However, Cuba nO\V wants us to biiy the current sugar crop, and we don’t \vant it. We already ha-Te ],GOO;000 tdn.s in Cuba which we cail’t move, plus syrup and molasses; so there is no reasdli ill the world for buying more. The Cuban Government, however, points out that it cannot sell its .sugar unless it sells to us; and -with oilr market gone, the island will be bankrupt, will face riots a-iid revolution. The State Department is sympathetic to'thc Cuban viewpoint and ha.s .sugge.sted that Cuba diversify its crops, planting peanuts which are badly needed here, plus fibre crops for making rope, no longer obtainable from the Philippines. The State Department also has offered a loan to improve the central highway I'uniiing the length of the island. However, the Cuban Government is reluctant. They say they have been raising sugar for 400 years, that they understand sugar, and they don’t want to diversify now, « Wall Street Starts Campaign Real factor behind the Cuban Government, however, is the big sugar companies and their Wall Street backers. They not only brought pressure on President Batista not to accept the State Department’s generous compromise, but they are now waging a propaganda campaign against Secretary Hull. Mr. Hull has just discovered that the sugar companies have raised a secret kitty of $1,000,000 to buy radio time and carry on newspaper propaganda against the State Department’s proposal, in order to force a purchase of the next Cuban sugar crop. Already Cuban newspapers have started the campaign. Secretary Hull, however, is standing pat. He believes that the New York financiers got enough profit out of the $60,000,000 to $80,1)00,000 bonanza that came their way through Jesse Jones’ deal, and that Cuba, sooner or later must throw (iff its Wall- Street yoke. • Capital Chaff Congressman 'Will Rogers of California has definitely turned down Warner Brothers’ plea that he play the part of his father in the film they, are doing of the famous humorist. Young Will think.s- that his new duties in Congress are too important and that he cannot be trotting back and forth to Hollywood. “I do not intend to make any picture at all until after the war is won atid the peace is settled,” he says. . . . Now that all pleasure driving is out, it will be intei--estiiig-.to watch the future driving of White House .secretary William McReynokls who not long ago loaded up his car with guests at one party and de\livered them first to 'Virginia and then to nearby Maryland—in hi.s- official car. . . . Paul P. Cret, celebrated Philadelphia architect, is designing a private railroad car for President Vargas of Brazil to be manufactured by E. G. Budd, also of Philadelphia. . . . Raymond Massey, Who starred in “Abe Lincoln in Illinois,” is the envy of all Hollywood. He is the only actor to anyone’s knowledge who has already paid his 1942 income taxes-, not due until March 1-5. He had to pay them before the U. S. Government would let him out of the country to join tlid Canadian army. As a Canadian colonel, he now gets $4,000 a yedr—less than he paid his .Servhnts in Hollywood. • FDR Surprises RaybHrn One thing that didn’t got out about the “surprise” party at the White House for Speaker Sam Rayburn, on Sam’s Gist birthday, -was a little frill added by the President. Rayburn was called to the White House with other Congressional leadens- ostensibly to discuss the legislative program for the new se^ion. But when the group arrived, all but Rayburn were ushered' intd the private office of Economic Stabilizer Jimmy Byrnes. The Speaker was told that the President -Wished to see him alone for a few minutes. The two men discussed legislative problems for a few minutes. Meantime ,the President was keeping a sharp eye on the clock. Suddenly he broke out: “Sam, the reason I asked you to come in here alone was to discuss a iiersonal matter that has been worrying me.” Rayluirn eyed him curiously, said nothing. “It’s about you, Sam,” continued the President without batting an eyelash. “We’re old friends and I feel I can talk to you frankly. I’ve got report^ from Capitol Hill that the Democrats are dissati.sfied with your leadership. They think you’re getting too old to be Speaker.” At that precise moment. Democratic Congressmen Cliff Woodrum of Virginia, Bob Ramspeck of Georgia, Republican leader Joe Marlin'-of Massachusetts, Representative Jim Wadsworth of New York and other House members burst into the President’s office, led by Jimmy Byrnes. - Together they began singing “Happy Birthday to You” at the top of their voices. “That was perfect timing-, fellows,” beamed the President. He had planned it all very, carefully himself. (Copyrigiit, 1942, by United Featui-ii Syndicate, Inc.)
CIL, aU Hlir.
,|yst Looking Around By Jack Abbett and Jim'Rtehatdson Whatever might be the future of the British Empire after the war, the British idea of freedom of religion, speech and press will always remain in the hearts of the peoples who have been- und’er their rule'. Th'e'press of India showed' this last week when they caused a one day shut down of most of the big papers printed in that country, and the papers that did not participate gave their ehcoLffiagement to the protest movement.
By G. B. Wu
‘She'll be delighted-with the war bonds, of course-^but it wdn’t be like Christmas if I don’t give her a present she can exchange.”
dn. JhjL
Wesley Foundation 48.5 State Street Sunday 9:30 — Student Church School. Two clas.se.s oil the Bible will be offered. (1) “A Skeptic Looks at the Bible,”taught by Rev. E. R. Balslcy, and (2) “The Great Ideas of the Bible,” taught by Prof. D. H. Patterson. 1.0:40—Morning Wor.ship Servitio at the Church. (Corner of Chauncey and South Streets). Dr. Otto Scott Steele will speak on the theme : “The Control of Anxiety.” Special music will be furnished by the choir. J 5:15—Wesley Vespers. At 5:15 a 20c “fellowship supper” will bo served. At 6:30 an “Information Please” pro.gram will be “aired.” Come and try to stump the board of experts. Every student is invited, to any or all of those services. University Presbyterian Church' North Street near Front John W. Findley, Minister ’ Saturday 8 p. m.—Get Acquainted Party. AlTstudents and sailors are invited to come and get acquainted with each other. Recreation will be games and dancin.g. Refreshments will bo served. Sunday 9:30 a. m.—Sunday School. 10:30 a. m.~Morning Worship. “What God Moans to Me” will be the subject of Mr. Findley’s sermon. Rath Ralston will sing the solo in the anthem, “Oh, For a Closer Walk With Cod” by Foster. Organ numbers will be Ashford’s “Impromptu in D” and “The Angelus” alon.g with, “March Poinposo” by Bei-ridge. G:3.0 p. m.—-Sunday Evenin.g Club.
The elioii’, directed by Irah G. Reece, will sing “Come Ye Blc.sSed,” by MacFarland, and Robert Burger will sing the solo, “The Lord’s Pi-ayor,” by Malott. Organ mu.sic will be provided by Aurther.Jacklin. G;3() p. m. — Roger Williams Foundation Hour will bo directed by Janette Johe. C:00—Supper. 6:30-^—Prof. C. H.. Robert.soh (“Big Bobbie”) lyill speak of “The 'World Outlook.” All students and sailors arc welcome to those meetings.
Purdue Chi-i.stian Foundation 131 South Grant Street Friday 7:00-10:00—Open house. Everyone is welcome to come and efijoy table games and wholesome fellowship. Saturday 1:30—Basketball game in the men’s gym. Evci-yone will get a chance to play. • Sunday 5:15—15c Supper. Sign up for it at Student Class, or telephone roservation by 4:00 p. m. at 4393. 5:45—Forum, consisting of singling, recreation, discussion and vesl pors. Our cli.scussion ou “Christian Principles for- Daily Living” will close, under the leadership of Bob Smith. Pi-o,gi-am ends pi-omptly at 7:30. ' .
The so called'' strike' ‘ came about because of the British order restricting certain papers in the belief that they
were giving aid and comfort to the The time for praying to the Lord enemy. The British have as yet and passing the examination-is oVer made no move to actual censorship aiTdl the festival- spirit i's 's’till' in- 'fhe as they have realized that the pro- air. It is timely to say a few Words test strike wa.s because they had about Chinese Festivals, arid to taught the people the meaning of a compare them with A'merica/n’'^e^freg press. ' tiyalfe Whenever possible; " * 's - In'China, great importance is atAmerican optimism should not go tached to the regular performance out of bound's in-the hope that the of certain customs at fixed; Jdriods German troops that are in the pock- each year. These periods do not et around Stalingrad will be forced occur on the same dates each- year to give in to the siiperiOr Russian as the normal- Chinese yeat' conforces. The Germans were in sueb tains twelve months arid thirteen a pocket northwest of Moscow last months in the leap year which apyear and they were able to hold out pears twice in a period of five years, until the Germans broke through in NeM^ Year Is Leading H'dlidiiy the spring and' relieved them. In The New Yeat’s Festival i^-the fact, the commanding general of the most impoidarit holida-'j) in the ydsit*. Gei’man.s was able to take a leave of The old- Chinese tradition ringa> in absence to Berlin and return some the New Year as early as one time later. The .supplying of these o’clock in the morning of the fi'r.st troops wa.s accomplished by air day With -wor.ship and offeriitlg rice transport, and there is no reason to to Heaven and earth. Many faitlilies believe that the same means of remain up all night a.s the Westerhtran.sportation could not be done in ors to usher the old year out'and supplying the besieged German greet the new. In business all debts troops near Slaliiigracl. The Rus- «re paid before the old year tinds, sians ai'e also suciceeding to some and a fortnight vacation is de-Vbted extent in drawing the half million to- pleasure and merriment.-In the Germans south of Ro.stov into a homes dominated by Buddhism-, a similar pocket. table is covered; with ofl!(iriii|gh; of * * rice, tea, wine; incense, cancii^s^and By the latest reports from Lon- flower's. Strips of rhd' pajiifei don, it seems that the skies over slogans implying happiness,njliielilth, Germany, and especially over the health, good fortune, loavhciify/ic'te-. Rhino River ai'oa, have cleared m'o posted on the doors and-(vails enough to allow the British and shnilar to Christmas decorations'of American bombers to start on an- the 'West. Even tables and chairs other phase of destroying- the Nazi covered with rod cloth. Branches industrial region. And it is the hope bell flower tree are greatly deof the Allied air command that those manded, having- the same import-
renewed bombing raids will in some way start to soften up the German
ance as the Christmas tree. 'Wheri all arrangoments ' are - completed,
people and thus cause the end of fii'Gcraekors arc set off to weldbme
the war as soon as the “rulers of Europe” have been defeated either on the Rus.sian front or along- the coast of western Europe. But many important U. S. and British officials are hoping that this collapse will not come until the -very heai;t of Germany proper has felt the actual heel of the United Nations war machine.
the new year. Again, in families
(See CHINpage 4)
West Lafayette Baptist Church Corner;Columbia and Chaunecy Sts. . Sunday 9:80—C. E. Dammon will teach the Rog-cr Willhtms Foundation Clas.s. 1-0:36—The theme of Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason’s sermon will he “Give us this day pin- daily bicad.”
Ijafayette flhristian Church Sixth and N-ji-th Streets Sunday ' 9:30—Student Class. Prof. Leevy of the Sociology department will .speak on “The Soci-.)ln,(>-y of the Jail System as Related to the Church.” 10:40—Churcdi Worship Service. The Rev. Dpylp Mullen’s sermon will continue to develop the relationsliip of human nature to the Christian religion. Opportunity will be .given to tho.se who have not yet taken affiliate memberships to do so following- the sei-mon. LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY. BEGINNIR'S CLASS Opens Wed., Feb. 3rd 7:30 P. M. ADVANCEb CLASS OPENS Tburs., Feb. 4, 7:30 P. M. PHONE 2150
lammu TODAY and TOMORROW
ALLEN’S
(Tilh & Ferry
"« FAY FAINTER HUGH HERBERT VERA VAGUE CAROLYN LEE A Faiomounl Pielui*
Ly^ TODAY and TOMORROW —TWO FIRST RUN HITS--
A Double'Dose ,of Hot Lead ,for Out laws!
t WMHIR BKOS. Picilire slairing RICHARD GREENE CARU LEHMANN ■ BETIV StOCKriELO • bONAld 3TEWAR
MIDNITE SHOWS TONITE & SAT. H :15
Screen Sensation of Sensations! HITLErS CHILDREN Based on the Best Seiler EDUCATION FOR DEATH' by Gregor Ziemer
RIDERS or THE TIMRERUNE, A Paramount Picture featuring
—: -AlsOr "PERILS OF NYOKA" Chapter 8 LATEST "PATHE NEWS'
HES A SUPER-STUPOR SLEUTH./ .^SKELTON
WITH
m RUTHERFORD
^GEORfiE BANCROFT/
w/c«r
Starts TOMORROWft^y, Jqnuaty 15^ 1^43
EoU^^m^^lser Eports
fo/pf
W^VsFsity Track Meet Tomorrow; Scfttact Propping For Initial Meet With lU
fn two weeks and a few dajs, JtkrtHiaTy 27 to be exact Coach Hei rtidli Philhps’ mdooi tiadk team makes its 1943 debut agams the Cteam and Ciimson of Indiana m the fioiletmakei Fieldhousc, btft a^ k pieview to this occasion this Saturday, Coach Phillips is gOirtg to mateh the tentative vai sity ttbilt scintld against the rather for bodtirg loo'king freshman, team The fSdkh varsity clash will get under way at 3 30 p m the idea is to reestablish “meet formality” in the ttiahSrby, and to give the freshmen an idtea of how a big time college meet is ruh off No Prophecy Yet As yet Coach Phillips is in the dhrk as to how his ’43 squad is gbing to shape up, following the (^biifliiet tomorrow afternoon some sdhiblanee of an idea of HoW will Be known !^'rom the varsity side of the Ifed^eh, there are only a few letter iHeh still in the running Co Cap iains A1 Jeutseh and Bill Bancker start off the list of the squad Jentsch runs the half mile, Bancker is a dashman Last year Bancker ran wi the finals of the 60 yd dash at the conference meet Jentsch took fourth in the quaitei in the outdoor conference meet last year Those PartiCipatmg Following IS a list of men and thdCr events, many of these names
ki^icma Vows, BestP' Kappa Ph^ A6R
Teom tit Years/ Riverers
^ WANTA Tinker? equipment alt at 6DG6RTON MDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
will be indeed familioi before the indooi track sedson comes to an end High lumpers Brebnei and Brown, two sophomores who last sedson as fieshiVieil shared the honoi of breaking the fieshUian high jump lecoid ' Shot tosseis Chuck Close' a sophOmoie, fiesh from the ghd 11 on, arid W IH CalhoUn, who last season filled the same capacity on the squad Brother Of Record Holder Hurdles both high and low are nobly taken care of by Barnes and Gutting Gutting is the biothei of Steve Gutting of this University, who holds the present state high hurdle lecoid Pole vaulters Giimm and New man, both soar in the neighborhood of twelve feet plus and should be able to gainer a few points again this winter In the quarter mile there is Archer Pierson, Fainswoith, and Pi ice In the half mde Young and Jentsch Cross Countiy Men Those in the mile include Lynch and Seward, two cioss countiy men, and Co Captain A1 Jentsch The two mile run absorbs the re mainder of last fall’s cross countiy team, Dueslei Kinder Lynch Hairer Michael Seward and Ash well The sprinter department as yet has but a few participants, Co Captain Bancker and Bob Living house winner of the last two an nual decathlons being piedominent
Meet ’Em January 23
By Clint SowaVds
Saturday, January 23, the Boilermaker wrestling team, defending Conference champs, lourneys to Bloomington to meet what Billy Thom, Indiana wrestling coach, calls the best Hoosier team siiice his 1934 championship squad This first meet of the season, Claude Reeck, Boilermaker wrestling mentor, says will be the toughest of the season From last year’s Big Ten championship team of giapplers, only two still vVear the gold and
IM Schedules
Uid FiMi Twelve Roi|eriq^|rer?j In Participation Nnts D6pdrt For Minn6SOtj|
With the new semestei but a week old, the mtiamural activities of fiateinitres, Cary Hall and the Wards have got off to a fast start In the Intel Fiateinity ciVele “B’^ basketball, ping pong and squash have gotten underway while the Halls and the Wards are also play
ing “B” basketball
Six teams have been able to maintain leads in the inteifiatei
PURDUE
Friend
Kennedy
Menke Ehlers Lawson
Probable Starting Lmetfps
MTNlsrESOirA RtriMlEmii tAtt
hind
black o-f this University, Mark Matovma, 136 pounder and Frank Ruggieri, heavyweight, and of the six Midwest AAU champions that the squad boasted last season, only two lemain, those being the same two
mentidned above
This leaves six empty weight di visions to add stray grey hairs in
Coach Reeck’s head No 121 Pounders
Beginning at the bottom and the weak end, of this year’s squad we find a vacancy in the place Mickey
The following fraternity ping pong matches will be played Friday evening, January 15, at 4 Alpha Chr Rho vs Delta Upsilon Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Theta Chi Beta Theta Pi vs Kappa Delta Rho Acacia vs Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa Tau s Sigma Nu Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Chi Kappa Sigma vs Sigma Phi Ep silon Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tau Ep
F F C G
G BrewkUr
SfcfrMon Waitson
Gunning for two more victories m the Big Tea UdirfeiMsbce
nity race by taking part in all of race, Coach “Piggy” Lambert an<I twelve of bis BoileintiAlc^TS the acitivities offeied Many teams beaded north this mornmg to seek revenge oft the failed to place teams in one sport Gophers of Minnesota The Black aM Gold squad, with A week or another and thus have lost 25 of weary preparation for the attack on the Gophers tuetced
under their belts, left for MinAeapobs to meet the Noffdlycoached outfit in their first
double game wartime anrange-
participation points
The Alpha Gamma Rho and Pi Kappa Phi teams at the present lead the pack with ten point leads The AGR’s won softball and Pi K A won touchball Next in line are the Betas who gainered then eight point lead by taking second in ‘A” basketball and second m swimming Pi Kappa Phi is fouith with five points which they made by winning the cross country event Theta Xi
Roberts Defestts Whitney In Billiards
MacDonald last year’s 121 pounder silon Phi
and Big Ten champ once held The Please arrange to have your men 121 pound class is as empty as. this the courts as scheduled as there year’s gas tank, and any 121 pound he no chance to make up these eis that might be on the campus and matches Unless your two men are unknown to Coach Reeck Would be the courts as scheduled, your op doing a great favor for the wrest Ponent may declare a forfeit hng department rf they put m an ^he following Datermt.es will
appealance at the wiestl.ng room at Iheir earliest possible conven
Hal Roberts defeated Coach Whitney at bilhaids in the special handicap held in the Union Billiard Room Wednesday night Roberts made his 100 Straight Ball while
and Acacia aie tied foi fifth with Whitney seemed only 174 points of thiee points lead the Theta Xi tak the necessary 200 at 18 2 Balk Line mg second in the steeple chase and Robeits high run was 12 and aver the Acacia gioup second in cioss aged 2 22/39 Whitneys high lun countiy was 36 with an aveiage of 4 18/39
lence The gihduatioii of Casey Pied licks last yeai’s team captain and 128 pound Big Ten champ, who nev
er lost a dual meet in thiee years of 2
ary 15
Couit 1—
6 45—Delta Tau Delta 7 36—Delta Upsilon 8 16—Kappa Delta Rho
Everything’s
Rosy Now! i ^ ^We hove Found a truly fine blade that excels in Qualify and assures extra value in shave satisfaction. It's here now—^the WALDORF Micro-Thin Blade, Men you will appreciate this superfine, durable blade that will give you the keenest, coolest shave you've ever had. 50 BLADES
FiH ttandard double-edgo razor Buy a package todayl
Buy a package of WALDORF Micro-Thm Blades today. We don't want to boast—but we're sure you'll order a quantity after your first WALDORF shave. WALDORF Is Trumps In Any Hand!
TOILETRIES
STREET FLOOR
Kappa Sigmi
Lambda €hi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta
college competition left quite a hole m the 128 pound place In this spot there are two possib^le men Bob Platt and Claude Mounsey Both of the,se lads won numerals in the sport iieithei did any wiestling in
high school
Mark Matovma
Maik Matovma 136 pound Big Ten champ will piobably compete at the same weight and Nettashiem tinothoi 136 poundei has been turn
ing in good performances
In the 145 pound division theie day evening January 15 are Red Aimstiong and G E Steu Comt 3—-Moiton Maiks
del both men have been showing up well in uoikouts but neithei weie
on the vaisity last season
Jim Piiatoie very capable 155 poundei Rogei Claseman and M Stackhouse vie foi the job of 155 pound entrant both Paiatoie and Clrsemui weie vaisity wiestleis last season, and both will piobably. see consideiable action again this
season '
1 tlmai Davis
Claseman possibly will also wicstle it 165 pounds as will Vel mai Divis uid D H Pox Last season was the fiist V Divis had Cl ei wrestled He didn t come otit foi the sport till the conclusion of the football season last yeai howevei he made a favorable showing and wiestkd in the first meet He lost but th it IS the end of V Davis losing stre ik for the rest of the sc i son He won every match from there
out
In flu 175 pound cl iss there is V Davis again ind Wairen Eviston both vaisity men fiom last veai and each doing exception il woik in practice I rank Ruggieii Lastly comes the heavyweight di vision wheie the competition lies between Big Ten champ Fiank Rug f. icii Dick Baiwegan and Ed Klein Neithei Baiwegan nor Klein are experienced but both aie vcij cap able Follow ing the meet with the Hoo siors a week from tomorrow the Boiler m rkei s play host to the Spar
6 457 308 15-
Court 3—
6 46—Phi Kxppa Sigma ' 7 30—Pi Kappa Phi
8 15.—Sigma Alpha Epsilon Please see that your entry blanks are in the Intramural Office bj Fii
day January 15
The following Cary Hall B Bas ketball games are scheduled foi Fri
7 00—Unit 2 vs Unit 7 7 15—Unit 3 vs Unit 5 8 10—Unit 4 vs Unit 6
Students Should Get Debris Immediately All students who have not jet obtained thou copy of this yeai’s Debris should apply to the Chief Accountants office any time during
next w eek
Due to the large numbei of un obtained copies students aie le quested to get theiis .as soon as possible Distiibution of the book from the business office was discon tinned last Wednesdaj if ter noon No student may get his copy unless the icceipt 01 passport is piesented
ment
With the exception of a fqW mmor coMs, the squad picked! for the northern excursion Wfts m top physical condition and ea^^r to keep therr Big Ten slate unman ed The Boilermakers started their cm rent conference senes With a land slrde defeat over the downtrodden Maroons of Chicago, last week end, by the humiliating coitnt
of 5& 22
Sweet Revenge
Revenge should ceitainly be the Boilermakers major incentive for victory Last season, the Minnesota lads boasted a squad of veteran# that ran wild over the Big Ten institutions taking victory after victory in stride Illinois, of course, was one of the exceptions to their victoiy stieak but the Lambert Igds were no exception In then first en countei with the ’41 ’42 edition of Gopheis the Boilei makers fell to then supeiiois on the Fieldhohso flooi by a 46 39 scoie The second Minnesota triumph came when the
Last night at Minneapolis ice hockey teams representing Michigan and Gold lads went north to arid Minnesota Univeisities opened one of the most insignificant and Minneapolis stronghold This
least publicized competitive seiios of any of the numerous Big Ten ath letics Since the Wolverines and the Gopheis aie the only Conference schools having the piopei facilities foi a hockey team this champion ship series started last night will deteimine who shall weai the Big Ten hockey ciown—a tiuly mythical and imiginative headpiece if theie eveiy was one ► Illinois Gives It Up Another game will be played this Satuiday at Minneapolis and then two contests will be held at Ann Aibor about the middle of Febiuaiy Illinois usually a stiong threat in this grueling championship race was
time they again lost by seven mfirkeis the final decision being 34-27 This season however, the Stpry may turn out to be entirely different Mmrtesota, although they have been exceedingly fortunate m the victory column this season, ^pes not have the squad of veterafti^ it had last year ■* So far this season they harve Won six and lost one Then defeat eaiPe
foiced to stop playing altogether since only six men lepoited foi the at the hands of those alvrays ddn
geious lads from Dartmouth The Gophers are usually in rare form when they meet the Riveters, and having the advantage of their home floor, anjrthing can happen— to
Piggy s boys
The latest Gopher victory came Wednesday erenmg when the Spartans ot Michigan State invaded the Minnesota domain Coaeh Noediy, Gopher mentor, employed bothr bris regulars and his shock troops to
t ms ol Michigan State on the lol lowing S ituidaj md this meet will be one ol almost cqu il calibie as the Indian i meet Michigan State is piacticallj lousy with good wiest ling matciial And I hen The lemaindei of the wiestling schedule has been completed except loi the dates and will consist ol mat pummehng with Illinois theie Illinois was the only leim to beat the Riveteis last season Ihey won bj a naiiow two point maigin, Noithwestein theie Chicago heie and possibly a meet with Michigan
hole
initial piactice two weeks ago
^ Fans A Little Skeptical At First When the Western Confeience diieetois revised the 1943 basketball schedule last month many people weie a little skeptical as to its advantages and possibilities However theie is now little doubt that this wholesale levision has more than amply complied with the national needs and present conditions as to transpoitation and the like an amazing total of 110 000 miles ol travel aie being saved this season alone by all
the Big Ten teams combined ► Larger Crowds
The change has had no effect whatsoevei on the attendance ol Coiifei
ence games to date in lact reports from the majority of the Big Ten defeat the State boys, 46 32. Nordschools show a maiked increase in ticket sales over those of last season ly started his scrub team which ran Illinois has drawn capacity crowds of 6 835 and 6 634 fans to tkeii the count up to a 12 to 4 le&d, then last two home games it you have evei been in their gym, you 11 realize he filtered his regulars in and the that when they saj capacity they mean every inch ol space including scoie stood at 27 16 at halftiprd
lafteis window sills and diessing rooms completelv filled Same Thing Through Conference
Iowa a team which finished well down in the standings last season diew 6 800 and 6 200 foi the two Minnesota games last week It’s the same story all ovei the Conieience All ol this seems to confixm the poll taken by the Big Ten officials seveial months ago in which 96 per cent ol the 26 000 business men and students intei viewed stated they would
walk to a ball game il conditions loiced them to do so ► Another Great Wolverine Swimmer
Michigan has been doing a lot ol biaggmg lately about a sophomore swimmei who, they claim can bettei the present record in the IQO yard backstioke Haiiy Ploliday is his name and ht may get his big chance 111 the Michigan AAU meet/this Satuidaj last month in an exhibition he cut two seconds oft the lecoid held by Adolph Kiefer at 57 2 seconds
Larson forward on the Qophfrr shock troops, was the hrgh porat man for the night with six huckefis fiom the field and two charrtY tosses White Spartan foi-ward, was second m the scoring coluniii
\ ith eleven markers
Notice
\U men who received a grade of I in PEM 12 last semester; There w ill be one period to maltfc up this grade, Saturday, Februarj 6, 1943, at 1 30 m the aft-
ernooiu
WANTED Srudent switch board operator—pays board Apply immediately to G 0 Arbuckle, Cary Hall South
yOUR PURSi jUi the fIfiHT.t
☆ BUY WAR STAWPS + BOl
Prof. J. Roy Leeyy of the Soeialogy Department ot the Division of Education and Applied Psychology, will speak at the next meeting of Phi Delta Kappa local high school fraternity His talk entitled “The Social Competence ol High School Youth”, witjl highlight the meeting which is to tike place next Thursday at 6 30 p m in loom 334 ol the Umon
m
BOWLING SHOES! in All Sizes For Sale J at Deke's STUDENT BOOK STORE
11. li. Hcisnci :i25 ST/VTE STREET
(DEAC’S)
H. G. Reisiier, ir. PHDNE 237&Hi
-'Hff w
Purdue Exponent
Friday, January IS, 194S
Disneys Fantasia Paints Portrait Of Great Music
Color Epic Witnessed By Capacity Audience
China
Rationing
By Dan Forsythe
Yesterday afternoon the Music Hall was thronged by a near capacity audience which turned out to see “Fantasia”. Every type of student was there, music lovers, “Mickey Mouse” fans, curiosity seekers and those who were just after something free. Before the show was over, they were all glad they had come and some were even glad they had cut that 4 o’clock chem lecture.
The picture opened with a^" short" glimpse at the Philharmonic warming up and a sui’prising impromptu “swing session”, followed by an introductory narration by the noted critic, Deems Taylor. These explanations, which preceded each selection, added much to the effectiveness of the artists’ and musicians’ inter-
pretations.
First up on the inviting program of familiar masterworks of musical genius was the “Nutcracker Suite”. Disney had his animated setting amusingly filled with quaint little
(Continued from page 1)
cate of war necessity issued through the Office of Defense Transportation receive “T” books. A five-gallon value has been placed
on each coupon in this group. Moforej clos Issued “D” Books
“D” books are issued to peisons with motorcycles. Each coupon
cariies a I’y gallon value.
“E” and “R” books ai e awarded to non-highway useis. “R” coupons have a value of five gallons while “E” units aie worth one gallon
fireflies, funny toadstool dancers, eacn.
soaring leaves of brilliant hue and
shimmering snowflakes.
All those com])lying with the lasoline rationing oidei aie eligible
After another brief talk by Tay-'f01 tiies within the limits of the
lor, the “Sorcerer’s Apprentice” came wafting into the picture. In this scene. Mickey Mouse, the title character of this selection, got himself into torrents of trouble by borrowing his master's magic and putting it to woj’k in his place. As the moral would have it, the genie swept
local Wai Pi ICC and Rationing Boaid Quota. “C” bookholdei s have the prefeience. Those having “B” and “C” books must have their tires inspected by Febiuaiy 28. Hcieafter “B” holdeis must have the inspection e\ciy four months while holdeis of “C” books must have a
out of conti'ol and caused great regular thicc month inspection.
havoc, but as custom must be, all
ended well.
“Right Of Spring”
The “Right of Spring” came rumbling in next, telling the story of evolution in a most unusual way. If a biology course could do it in a way half so interesting and appealing, the Science student’s life would again be happy. The musical score was droll and spooky but the prancing capers of the prehistoric monsters made it all very joking-. Next came the frolics of flyinghorses set to the strains of the “Pastoral Symphony”. The artists’ transition of a country scene was quite
Possessois of “A” cards aie required to have their tiies inspected by March 31 and at six-month inteivals thereafter. Coffee Rationing Rules One pound of coffee is given for each No. 28 coupon issued to poisons ovei 15 yeais of age at the time of legistiation until February 7. 1913. Consumeis arranging to eat 11 or more meals per week in the same establishment must suirender their book.s to that establish-
ment.
Rules governing- coffee rationingfor chillcli gioups, fiatoinal and other 01 ganizations specify tliat
far-fetched but such things are what service nrust be open to non-
makes “Fantasia” the worthwhile
change that it is.
Following, came a ballet danced to melodies and rhythms of the “Dance of the Hours”. The ballerinos were fluffy little ostriches and plump lady rhinos. The hero was a hefty baby elephant and the villian was a detestable slink crocodile. “Ave Maria” Concludes Picture The concluding pair of masterpieces -vn-as a “Night On Bald Mountain” and “Ave Maria”. These were very contrasting, the first being, as the title suggests, gruff and scarey and the last being calm and very serene. Finally the music sw-elled to
members. The oiganizatioii mu.st be lecognized as permanent in the community, and meals must be lor the purpose of laising revenue and be eonsi.stent with the chai acter and purjio.se of the organization. Coupon No. 10 IS good loi thiee pounds of .sugai until January 31, 19-13. The 1 ule lequiimg the consumer to Sill-render his book is the -.ame as the one govoining the la-
tioning of c-offcc.
Jerry Wald
(Continued Jiom page 1) tion .spoiisoiing the Cotillion, will
an inspiring finish and the audience ^ banquet in the Union piior lo -w-as once more composed and happy, the fiance. The iiledge.^ foi the com-
ing- yeai will be announced at the dance, as ha.s been the custom in the past. Chan man of the Cotillion committee is Mike Reynolds. Other committee members aie Burt Foul, Jim Stallings, Dave Simp.soii and
Tim Tilton.
Emrick Announces (Continued from page 1) poral, Quarters Detail, J. H. Watters; Coiporal, Chan and Rack
Detail, G. Dawson.
’’ Corporal, Equipment Detail. J. M. Chenow-th; Coip'iral, Technical Detail, C. L. Hemmei; Coipoial, Supply Detail, R A. Vining; Corporal, Percussion Detail, C. E. Gcib; Lance-Corporal, Music Detail, R. Fowler; Lancc-Coiporal, Publicity Detail, I. .1. Gioss; Lance-Coi imal. Chaii and Rack Detail, J. V. Beinard; Laiice-Coijioral, Music Detail, L. E. Hull; Piincijid! Field Ti-umpeter, in (hai-go of tiainmg Field Tiumpetci, R. J Nidson; Iht Field Tiumpctei, M. D. Reed, 2nd Field Tiumpetei, J. A Beinard; .Sid Field Tiumpetei, D J. Koch; 4th P’leld Tiumiietei, .). C.
Kilgore.
Personnel Notes Companies Scheduled to Visit
Campus:
Aeronc^ Aircralt Corporation, Middletown, Ohio—Januai y 15. In-tei-ested in April ME, AeioPl Sign in Personnel Office by .3:00 p. m., Thursday, Januaiy 14. Goodyear Tire & Itubber Company, Akion, Ohio—Januai y 2.5 and 26. Inteiested in April ME, ChE, CE, EE. .Sign in Peisoiinel Office by 12:00 noon, Satin day, Jan-
uary 23.
Phillips Petroleum Compaiij, Bartlesville, Oklahoma — liuete'-li d ifi Chemist.s, ChK, ME, EE, ( E, Physicists who may he del curd from mijitf(ry set vice, oiyn woiimi) with education tiaininig m (pined. Higti/np 'the Peisorine'l Offii e by 12:0(1 nbon, Saluiday, Januaiy 23.
(Continued from page 2)' where Buddhism is their religion the “Kitchen God” is feasted beford his departure on the 24th day of the last month to heaven when he makes a report on the conduct of the household for the past year, and on the fourth day of the new year, he is received with a ceremony to assume his duties on earth again for the coming year. New Year calls or visits are made to renew acquaintances. Callers hand out red paper wrappings to children in which money of various denominations is enclosed. Several days of feasting- and idling are in order. Bands of musicians and groups of actors are hired for added ineriiment in the first half pf the month. The Feast of Lanterns fiom the thirteenth to the sixteenth of the first month climax the New Year’.s holiday, after which people leturn to their normal occupation. Spring Is Honored To salute “the commencement of Spiing” a procession tlnoii.gh the streets is scheduled. At this time, the Perfect is also honoied by all. Ho is the honoied guest in a piocession attended by two magistiates and a large numbei of w-ell-dressed citizens similar to the Ameiican Easter Parade. This celebration is an extremely coloiful and .showy afl’au, expiessing- the joy of the [leople ovei the “commoncenicnt of
Spring.”
The Festival of Flowei s is held in some .sections of China on the twelfth day of the second month. It IS sometimes called the “buddingmonth” when plants change into green. This is the Chinese way of announcing that leaccs and floweis arc coming forth to gieet the sun. Ch’ing Ming or ];lie Festival of the Tombs is obseived about the third day of the thud month. It is the time for Chinese to visit the .graves of their ancestois and present offoiings. It IS not unlike the Ameiican Meinoiial Day when tloweis aie plat4d upon the giaves of the depai ted ones. For three days pievious to the iiist day of tin.:, festival, no lire is kindled, hence the name, “the cold food j estival” IS applied to till-, feast. After the giaves have been put in oidei. .flies are made, and general lestivifies arc indul.ged .n, much on the oidei of the Easlei holidav , of the Westeiii Nations. County Agents . . . and Homo Demonstiators of the Lalayette distiict of Indiana, which includes fourteen counties, w'lll meet heie for a one-day conference Monday. The meeting will be entirely a planning- program. L. M. Bu.sche and P. K. Connelly, w'ho are assistant county agent leadeis, will be in charge of the meeting, it. Robert D. Spitzer . . . who attended the Umveisity until 1940 when he entered the Army Ah Corps, navigated a Flying Foitress cn loute to its home base af(,ei a 44-minute duel with a Jaji foui-motoied bombei in the locent Guadalcanal conflict.
Lt. Joe Rittenhouse Phi Mu . . . EE ’39, has been commi'-^ioned . . . social soioi ity, announces the a second lieutenant in the Signal recent imliation of Helen Ilanlen, Coips and is stationed at Ft. Mon- Dodge City, Kansas, and Loirainc (uouth, N J. Kohler, Chicago, Illinois, FAMOUS CLOSE SHAVES By Barb7rToT
7
THE REVELRY OF . A CHRISTMAS NIGHT PARTY AND THE RESULTING DRUNKENNESS OF THE HESSIAN SOLDIERS GAVE GEN. GEORGE WASHINGTON THE OPPORTUNITY FoR HIS SPECTACULAR CROSSING OF THE DELE WARE.' PAGING DR. MOTO/i
S6T.
MYRON KOZIAR OWES HIS LIFE TO HIS Tonsils.' A JAP'S BULLET. PIERCING HIS NECK. PERFORMED THE SURGICAL MIRACLE,
TIME TO SMILE/... KATHRYN CRAVENS, NEWS COMMENTATOR-ANNOUNCED AS FATALLY INJURED, BY HER STATION IN ST. LOUIS, AR-x
N TIME To REFUTE
HER OWN DEATH, ON HSR
OWN PROGF-AM .'
BARBER SOL SAVS: THROUGH AFRICA WB'RF DR/FWG OR SO THAT BIG CAME WE MAY COME Furor. BUY BONDS AND STAMPS-Ay/Y,'
G. f. Department Needs Workers General Engineering Department needs two or thi-ee students worker.s, familiar with projection, to I’un the motion' picture machines for their G. E. 10 and 11 lectures. Those interested should, apply to H. F. Owen or J. M. Arnold in room 202 of Michael Golden Shops. Forty cents an hour will be paid the workers. Winter Short Courses To Start January 18 Short courses eight weeks in length in various branches of agriculture will begin on January 18. These courses will include such subjects as livestock production, dairy husbandry, livestock feeding, poultr.v raising, and courses in general agriciiliiue. The courses according to Dean Freeman are designed to create more interest in better farming and improve young- farmers’ efficiency. A maximum amount of practical information will be given at a time wdien farm work is at a minimum. To date forty have registered for these courses. Older peisons wanthig technical courses in agriculture have enrolled in this program, also young women interested in general a.g-ricultiire and animal husbandry. Cromer, Cutler Write in For Film Strip A 72-pag-e bulletin and film strip on “Soybeans—Their Production, Improvement and Utilization in Indiana”, has just reached the markets. This publication is co-au-thoi'ed by S. S. Cromer, Professor of Agiicultural Education, and G. H. Cutler, Piofessor of Agronom.v at Purdue, in collaboiation with W. J. Weber of North Terre Haute. The bulletin is a syllabus for the film strip. It prc.sont.s, in brief form, the technical agricultural information coiiccinmg the soybean. The film stiip is of 35 mm. size and consists of 107 pictures, 34 charts and seven graphs.
WBAA To Participate In Memorial Program For Carole Lombard WBAA will participate in a statewide ’ Carole Lombard Memorial Broadcast tonight from 8:30 to 9 p. m. Among talent to be heard on this special program will be Jack Benny, screen and radio star, coming from New York; Will Hays, President of the Motion Picture Producers and Distribution ! of America, eomin.g from Hollywood; Governor Henry F. Schricker, Eugene Pulliam, State War Savings Chairman, and Col. Reed Landis of the War department, coming from Indianapolis. Col. Laiiuis will salute all the Indiana men who gqve their lives in the first year of the war. In addition special music will be furnished by Miss Virginia Byrd assisted by ,the “Three Cheers,” a vocal trio. Roger Williams Club To Give Party Roger Williams Foundation will have a party tonight at 8 p. m. This party is especially for new freshmen, but everyone is invited. Sgt. Damon Elder . . . sc ’42, was the first man to be sent from his post in Ladd Field, Alaska, to an Officer Candidate School in the States u«der the present one-man-a-month quota for combat bianche.s.
Notices
No Notices will be Accepted fur this column After 6 p. m. on the day preceding the issue. Sophomore Union Workers: Please report to the South Baliroom as soon as possible lo assist on the Student Book Exchange. , —FURMAN GE 11 and 12: Examinations for the removal of conditions in GE 11 and GE 12 will be given on Jan. 16) 1943, from 1 to-4 p. m. in Room 201, Michael Golden Shops.
-^RISING
English and Speech Exams: Make-up exams for students with condition.s in English and Speech will be held on Saturday afternoon, Jan. 80, at 1 o’clock in Room 20'1, University Hall. Removal-of-condition cards should be obtained by Friday preceding the examination from the English oiTico, 108 Univertvity Hall. 1 —CREEK Chem 3 and 4: Condition exams will be given Saturday, Jan. 16, in room 320 of the Chemistry building at 1 p. m. sharp. No exam without properly certified card.
—PEARCE
AH Students: Party for the incoming freshman students will be held Saturday, January 16, at 8 pi m. in the Univer<?ity Presbyterian Church recreation room. Everybody will enjoy the dancing, games, and of course refreshments. — TAGGART Fraternity Rush Registration: All men wishing to be on list sent to all fraternities lor rushing purposes, register at the Kratern Aytilfairs Office, Room 328 of the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. before Friday, Jan. 15. —MORGAN Code and Radio Instruction: Classes in Beginners, Secondary (6-12 w. p. m.) and Advanced (12 w. p. m. and over) Code and Radio Instruction are being organized. Sections will meet two hours per week, Mon.Fri. at 4 and 5 p. m. beginning Monday, Jan, 18. Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armory prior to 4 p. m. Monday, Jan. 18. ' ~ HESTERBEUG Students: Who would like part time woik .should get in touch with the Doan of Men’s Oifice. GOLDSMITH Organization Heads: AU petitions for activity rooms in the Union and petitions for xlances for the present semester must be in the Student Union Office liv Friday afternoon, Januaiy 15, if such pctition.s are to be given consideration. - HILLER Exponent Workers: There will be a meeting of the following people Friday, January 15, at 4:15 p. m. in Jhe office: Sommer, Speck, Hudson, Yargar, Fold, Winslow, Schiltz. —TYSON
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting Saturn day, January 16, at 2 p. m. in the offic^,r
-PACKARD^’
Gold Peppers: Passports are in AWS box at West Desk of the Union.
- MacDONALD
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday at 4 :15 in room 304. DOTY Christian Science: Tho regular and busi-
ness meeting ^yiil be postpoped one week to Tuesday, .Jan. 19, in room 302 of the Union.
There will bo no meeting Jan. 12.
—SOMMER
Purdue Engineer: Staff meeting Friday.
Jan. 15, at 4 p. m. in tho offie'e.
-KIMBRELL
Chinese Students: The fir.st meeting will be held on Friday, Jan. 15, at 7 p. m. at 234 Wood St. Refreshments will be served as usual. -^T. K, TSUI Lurtheran Students: I hope to see you at o'\jr devotional meeting at 7 :30 p. m. Sunday in room 307 of the Union. The discussion will center about “Faith of Our Day”.
—WALLACE
All Trackmen; Important meeting of all trackmen Friday in room 104 in the Fieldhouse at 4 rlf). The “Spiked Shoe Club’ will
bo discussed. Be there promtply.
—KINDER
Newman Club: Tho regular monthly
breakfast will be held Sunday. January 17, in St. Maiy’s auditroium after the 9:30 Mass. Theie will also bo a get acquainted tea dance and card party the .same day at 2 p. m. This ib something new. Ix*t's see all the Catholic ‘.tudents there and help
make it a .success. —AULT Mortar Bon^d: Mooting Friday, Jan. 16. at 4 p. m. at th^Debris office. —LAUER Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting
Wednesday, Jan. 20, in the Union. There will be a diseussion of pledging and pledge activities, and piogram for this semester. Pledging must be done .soon, the sooner the
bcttei Como aioiind and help out.
-HECKARD
Classified Ads
Church To Give
Roger Williams Club ^ros/j Party
. . . -will have a party for new freshmen tonight at 8 p. m. Everyone is invited.
ASS N ew Students All beftinriing students of the n inter term who have not yet had pictures taken for pa.ssports should report Saturday morning’, January 16, in room 2 of the Biology Building from 10 to 12 noon. —DEAN OF MEN
Tomorrow night all students who have just entered the University are Invited to assemble at the University Piesbyteiian church across the street from the Civil Engineering Building for the regular party given in their honor by the Westminster Foundation. Entertainment will start promptly at 8 o’clock, when the singing, dancing, and games will begin. Several chess sets will be available for those interested. Jim Taggart and Joyce Allen
will serve lefieshments.
Monej to loan on diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office,
407 Columbia.
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, n paired, and purchased. Mirneogiaph woik done C. J. Ebcifchoff, 605 Main, LafaycttL. Phone 2779 Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent. Call Exponent. Ask for
Recktenwald.
Lost-—Silver Exponent k(v with initials J K. on back. Call Jane Keim at Exponent
oil ice or 3332.
Room and Board foi one student. $20 per nionlh 102 Northwestei n Ave. Telephone 3175 1 Mis. Cassic Chnmboihun, 402 North-
^^cbteln Ave
Lost—K E. Log Lof Slide Rule. If found call 2 161 R D. Raub
Lost—Gold Ej-lin ngravid A F 11
atch, extension band, 'Ward. Call 2014.
Everything for a College Ediitation DEAC’S
CIRCULATION DRIVE
Start off the New Year
with your copy of the
Exponent!
[•; 1943 ~ : Y9P' • |
Si.
t
/
x
® Everyone buy a paper. # A paper in every house. O Send one home. # Costs you less. ® Delivered anywhere.
The Navy and all the armed services are not out of reach of the Exponent. Students, Men of the Armed Services, WAACS and Alf— SHOW YOUR I^URDUE SJ^IRIT
” 'Mil-
Buy a PURDUE EXPONENT Subscribe at West Desk of Union — Anytime!