‘■'rSWl
Freshmen— « - f This Paper Is For Ydu. See You Soon
Founded In 1889
Z-185
Xfta4ie4it Daily Since 190S
Volume No, TfSs 1"^
Friday, August 8# 1841
UNIVERSin WILL OPEN 68th YEAR SEPT. 6
^ i Suhimer Session Will Close Tomorrow
Prom, Picnic, Highlight 1941 Summer Session Social Season No one could find very many students during the summer session. The total enrollment was down 20 per cent, and undergraduate enrollment was down even more. The beat barometer of student activity on the campus, the Sweetshop, did a rather leisurely business.
From The Editor
The one department in the University that held its own was the history, economics and government department. The engineering classes were not particularly full, the chemicals bding the only ones to have a busy season. Twice A Week For the first time, the Exponent was published twice every week during the summer session. And at least one of those issues n^ade quite an impression. That was the edition that moved the Paul Fleming Convo up one night. A paper the next day made everyone happy, however, and the convo had the biggest turnout of any summer session activity. Summer Mixer June 13 the Summer opened with a mixer and concert in Union ballroom, which was in the nature of a reception. “Games on the Green” became a regular WQi<n{ily feature and were always well-attended. Joseph M. Ragains, assistant musical director, led the first songfest in the opening week. Social Committee The summer session social committee found the weekly mixers rather a dud, and after a few they were discontinued. The social committee’s next undertaking was the annual summer picnic and barbecue June 26. Promotion of four staff members was one bright note during the summer. Louise Baird, C. E. Clark, M. S. Webster and Sol Boyk were the instructors-who moved up. Date Bureau About the latter part of June several members of the social commit-
tee attempted a Date Bureau. It followed closely the history of all other Date Bureaus that have been instituted on^campus. The first day Myra McKee signed up almost a dozen boys, but with inability of anyone to find any girls the project was given up, it being felt that boys would look silly dancing by themselves in the ballroom. The J. Henry Whites came to the campus the first week of July to present their pageant of Chinese civilization. During the first month of school the usual dozens of agriculture conferences were in progress, and some students believed seriously that the state was in for a famine with every farmer attending class at Purdue. Banquet Everyone was looking for tickets to Prof.Jaeorge Davis’ summer session banquet July 10. July 16 the E^onent pulled its best boner of '^^^|fcyear, or years, by announcing in 48 point type that Paul Fleming, magician, would be here one day before anyone else thought he would be here. The Exponent also accomplished something during the summer by buying its own press. Lanny Ross and all sorts of amateur musicians and baton twirlers from all parts of the state occupied the Music Hall stage. Summer Prom The summer prom of 1941 was the biggest success in the history of the annual summer dances. Nearly 600 couples danced in both Union ballrooms to the music of Larry Clinton.
A Letter To Freshmen There are no girls like Betty Grable on the Purdue Campus. Professors are not bearded, intellectual, creepy old ducks. There is not a party every night. College spirit is a nebulous thing at best and maybe you'll find some of it on football week-ends— that is if you deliberately go around looking for it. We are sorry to make liars out of Paramount Pictures, Inc., but of course when you come to P^irdue you can see a “college” inovie every now and then for twenty-five cents at one of the five Lafayette theatres and that will make you feel better. Biit it is true that movie direcfors and the editor of College Humor never went to college or at least to Purdue. There are four men to every woman on campus, which creates an interesting problem in distribution. It is first come, first
served—^maybe.
At the beginning of the summer we would have given good odds that we would all be defending strategic bunkers somewhere in Macedonia before June had run out, but the summer is almost gone and we seem no closer to war than six months ago so we see no reason to worry about that. And if you are in school and have a fairly respectable scholastic record there is a good chance of getting deferred from military service. It is true that one of the bottlenecks in the defense program is a lack of engineers; so if you are coming to Purdue to be an engineer you have a reasonably bright future. Becoming an engineer, by the way, is a tough job. About one of every three who enter the engineering school graduate. There is some reason why the others nevel* make it; and the biggest part of that reason is that its is very easy to flunk out. If you do graduate, however, you are almost certain to have a fairly good job in times like the present, and in any time there is need for good engineers, especially as the political philosophy of the nation goes more and more every year toward public works and governmental construction. The physical conditions at Purdue you will find as good as any school in the country. There is Cary Hall, a moderi^living place for 1,000 men. The Halls are impersonal but comfortable. The Woman’s Residence Halls are equally good and all freshmen women live in them. Sororities are few, there being only eight national ones on campus. There are over 30 national fraternities, many of them having fine living facilities. But by far the bulk of the students are independent. Purdue has a rather healthy organized-independent relationship, a relationship (Continued on page 12)
prientation Will Open Term For Class Of '45 When the class of ’45 seats itself in the Music Hall oh Sept. 6 and hears President Edward C. Elliott begin the Orientation pro^am, the University will have started its sixty-eighth year. As this year’s freshman class hears the president’s opening address, they will have the doubtful satisfaction of knowing that they enter the University in one of the most trying years of its
existence.
Their program of orientation will follow in general lines that of past years. Tests involving psychology, English and mathematics will be given on Saturday, Sept. 6, and Monday, Sept. 8. Physical examinations will also be a very real part of the freshman’s opening few dayg of University life. Upperclass Registration Registration for upperclass^^en starts Sept. 8 with distinguished students leading the parade, and continues through Sept. 10 when the students who possess unremoved G’s and D’s close the mad scramble with a rush to get their sdiedules arranged before too many sections
close.
Rest Of It The remainder of that hectic week will be utilized by the frosh for the purchase of green pots, settlmg down in their places of residence, looking over fraternities and sororities, buying books, getting acquainted with the University and each other, and—oh yes, classes start on Thursday. The size of the new class is somewhat of a mystery, as is all the University enrollment. There are many outside influences that t^nd to distract the high school graduate from enrolling in a University at this time. Good jobs, the army and other things have left an air of doubt among the University students as to just how many of their friends will be back this year and how many new faces they will be seeing in the frosh class. ’*■ The University remains mysteriously silent on the subject.
Swarthout Robeson, Rachmaninoff To Headline 1941-2 Convocation Program
An outstanding program ^ eleven different offerings, ranging from distinguished vocalists, instrumentalists, and lecturers to leading symphony orchestras and an opera, has already definitely been booked for the convocations and public lecture series which will be held in the Hall of Music at the University during the coming academic year, according to an announcement from Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the committee in charge. The complete list of programs and dates follows: Oct. 8—Gladys Swarthout, so-
prano.
Oct. 12—Father Hubbard, “The Glacier Priest,” lecture. Nov. 9 — Sergei Rachtnapipojff,
pianist.
Nov. 30—St. Louis Sy^tiphony Or-
chestra.
Dec. 13—Erika Mann, lecture. *Jan. 9—^Alfred Lunt-L^n fQhtanne, “There Shall Bo Ko Ifi^ht.” Jan. 27—^Vincent Shee9P> Ifjctwe. Feb. 14—Paul Robeson, baritone. Feb. 28—Purdue Musical Organizations. Mar. 16—^Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. Apr. 16—San Carlo Grand Opera Co., “The Barber of Seville.” "'Date subject to change. In announcing the convocation
schedule. Prof. Gunn emphasized that season tickets for the general public, priced at $6.00 each, will not go on sale until Sept. 16 at the University cashier's office in the Executive Building, and that no orders can be accepted until that time. Students will be admitted to the entire series upon presentation of their identification cards. Gladys Swarthout, who launches the program, has skyrocketed to fame in grand opera, ^he concert field, radio and in the movies as a mezzo soprano whose voice is in keeping with her radjant personal chkrm and beauty. $ha has been a member of the Metropolitan Opera Association for th^ past eight seasons, and has met with jpreat success in concert, filling as many recital en^agOinsuts e<^eh season as her other activities permit. Pari^^ |he past fpuy years, she has'he^ starred ™ e ntanber of ^fjlms, ia^lhdipg ‘^Itoae of the Rancho,’^ MGive Us This Night,” “Champagne Waltz,” and “Romance in the Dark.” She has also been the. star of several important radio series, as well as appearing as guest artist on many other programs. Father Hubbard opens the lecture part' of the series with his latest . motion pictures on “Oomiak Adven-
tures in Arctic Alaska.” The lecture and film describe a journey in a frail - looking barque over 2,000 miles of the most dangerous waters on earth, as Father Hubbard visited Eskimo tribes of North America. Sergei Rachmaninoff, who continues the musical part of the series with a piano recital, is unquestionably one of the greatest musicians of this epoch. His genius has colored three fields of music, bringing him fame as a pianist, composer, and conductor. Rachmaninoff will be followed, by the St. Louis Symphony Orchestra under the direction of Vladimir Golschmann. Onq of the highlights of the lecture program will be provided by Erika Mann, daughter of Thomas Mann, noted novelist, who is- an author and actress in her own right. A voluntary exile from Gerpnanyi ih her lectures and writings she has unceasingly attacked fascism. She is the author of “School for Barbarians” and “The Lights Go Down,” and, with her brother Klaus, co-author of “Escape to Life” and “The Other Germany.” The dramatic team of Alfred Lunt and Lynn Fontanne, who are tentatively scheduled to appear in
the much-discussed “There Shall Be No Night” on January 9, is too well known to need any introduction to the American public, as is Vincent Sheean, war correspondent and author of “Personal History,” who follows on the program. Paul Robeson, the great negro singer, provides the first of four outstanding musical presentations which wind up the convocation senes. Robeson, a Phi Beta Kappa man, a winner of letters-in four sports as well as an All-American end in football, the winner of oratory prizes and the commencement orator of his class at Rutgers University, has long been the idol of music lovers as well as the pride of dramatic critics. The always popular presentation of the combined Purdue musical organizations, will be followed by the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra which has been well-received in previous convocation appearances and needs no introduction to Hoosier audiences. The finale will be provided by the San Carlo Opera Company, the largest traveling operatic organization in America, with a presentation of the English version of “Barber of SeviUe.”
Doan Places 20,000 Football Game Ticket Applications In Mail The advance sale of'^both single game and season tickets for the Boilermakers’ strenuous 1941 football schedule was launched this week as Ticket Manager C. S. Doan placed in the mails approximately 20,000 application blanks for alumni and general public purchasers. Basing his prediction on the number of unsolicited orders received prior to the official opening, Doan expected ^ unusually heavy advance mail
order sale.
The Boilermakers will meet eight major opponents this fall, including two newcomers to Purdue schedules, Vanderbilt and Pittsburgh. Timehonored rivals include Iowa, Michigan State, Ohio State, Fordham, Wisconsin, and Indiana. A Season ticket for the three home games, including the Vanderbilt opener, Iowa Homecoming engagement, and Michigan State Dad’s Day attraction, is offered at the bargain price of $7.00, representing a saving of 76 cents as compared to the price of the three games if the tickets were purchased inividually. The sale of season tickets will close on September 13. Both the Vadnerbilt and Michigan^ State games have been designated as “High School Days,” when high school students who place their orders through their principals will be admitted to the games at the special price of 44 cents, including
tax.
The complete schedule of games follows: Sept. 27—Vanderbilt, here, $2.60. Oct. 4—Pittsburgh, there, $2.75. Oct. 18—Ohio State, there, $2.76. Oct. ^6—^lowa, here, $2.76. (Homecoming) Nov. 1—Fordham, there, $2.75. Nov. 8—Mich. State, here, $2.60. (Dad’s Day) Nov. 16—Wisconsin, there, $2.76. Nov. 22—Indiana, there, ^.00. Mary Telling Receives East Chicago Position Mary Telling, a student in the University Graduate School majoring in Speech Correction, has been appointed. Speech Correctionist in the East Chicago Public School System. She will begin her new position in September. The East Chicago Public Sch<x>l System has a very high reputation for the excellent Special Correction Department which it has main^tained during the past ten years. It was one <«f the first school systems in the state to install special speech correction classes for children hanfficapped by speech defects. W. 0, Zollman . . . EE '14;^ has been appointed sales manager the new business department of the Laclede Power A Light Co., St. Louis, Ho., to succeed C. G. Murdoch, who retired daring June. Mr. ZoRman joined the Laclede organisation in 1924 and was at first an industrial power salesman.
Lt. William C. Hunter Receives Air Corps Post At Rogers Field Oklahoma City, Aug. 7—^Among the officers on duty at Will Rogers Field, new United States light bombardment center here, is William C. Hunter, 2nd Lieutenant, Air Corps, of West Lebanon, Indiana. Lieutenant Hunter received his commission in the Field Artillery at Purdue Umversity in June, 1937. On May It, 1940, he wa%£|anaferred to the Air Force, and reported to the Oklahoma City air base May 28, last. Lieutenant Himter is the son of Mr. Herbert A. Hunter of Wilhamaport, Indiana. He was graduated from the Purdue University at West Lafayette, Indiana, in 1938 with a degn^ in Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering. He was a member of Scabbard and Blade, military honmary. More than 100 officers and l&QO men are now on duty at the (Rdahoma Ci^ air base, officially designated as Will Rogers Fieldja hemor of the Oklshoma cowfao3^‘humor|st^ A total strength of about 3500 mm is contemplatod at the base.
Parenb' InsHMe Plai An expanded program fbr the ai|t* nual Parents" Institute of this ^ diana Rarent-Teadier Cengresa at tlniversity has bemt anaenooadt by ll^an Mary h, Matthews, o« th^ honm economies school. Tba Ipal^ tote wRl hold itotoeeting dnringtlia first we^ of M<weiiob«r. Mnnhma oil Dean M^tRtews plan thf «o«Dt*
j: '7*
"N
Lk 4'-^,
t it
rii >
wfia^a, 2
Friday, August 8,1941
fijuhdwL £xfiotuufiL
WBAA Programs
FRIDAY
August 8,1941 12.‘00—Wake Up and Live 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—^WBAA Presents 12:60—^Purdue News' 1:00—^Ag Forum 1:16—Standard Library Artists 1:46—Markets 2:00—^Monitor Views the News 2:16—A Chapter a Day 2:80—Moods in Music—Mrs. C. W. Hemmer. 3:00—^Parade of Business 3:16—Classics Matinee 3:46—Meet Your Voice 4:00—^Marjorie Williamson— singer 4:16—^Better Vision 4:80—Theatre of Song 4:46—Music
7:00—Concert Strings 7:80—Music of the Day 7:46—Off the air
HEALTHFUUY COOL
uiRMnu
STARTS SUNDAY
Great Drama of the Human Heart!
A Paramount Kcture with BEULAH I JAMES BARTON • SAMUEL S. HINDS MARJORIE MAIN • MARC LAWRENCE
TODAY — SATURDAY
HEALTHFULLY COOL
LUNA
TODAY-SAT. — TWO HITS TUNE-FILLED THRILLS!
ALSO
SUN.—A/iON.—TWO HITS IN-FUUD FIESTA I
IANE FIAZEE lOeERT M10E ION CHANEY, Jr. |Vf AROEN SHEMP HOWARD «,TtM MERRY MACS
ALSO
wHh
SATURDAY
August 9, 1941 12:00—^Wake Up and Live 12:16—^Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—^Tune Time—Charlie Powell 1:00—Radio Stage 1:30—Markets 1:46—Just Kids 2:00—Monitor Views the News 2:16—Carolyn Wood—singer 2:30—Musical Albums 3:00—Stamp Club—Dicken Conner 3:16—^Alberta Schmadel—singer 3:30—^The Army Speaks 3:46—Paul Funk—^pianist 7:00—Concert Strings 7:30—Music of the Day 7:46—Off the air 1
Get your subcription for the Exponent in the mail today and save! Rates: $3.00 per year until September 1; after September 1, $3.60.
HIM uiMEU. • im mwoni
—TODAY - SATURDAY— ^Your 'Kitty Foyk'starl
, ^ —btr 6rtl dnf * vtiiming III* Ae«id»i>iY Awari • Alan MARSHAL • buiqissMEREWTH
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
The “Four Daughters" are back again
Starring The Four Daughters, Priscilla Lane • Rosemary lane Lola Lane‘Gale Page
Qaaih ftafas • JaOrey Lytm • Eddie Albert MAY nOUON • r(ANK MdlU«H * DICX FOIAN
HEALTHFULLY COOL
STARTS SATURDAY
lu their big happy htt
R NBir WARWR BROS. SUCCESS «illi RUMf CRMN • CUeERE FMlCnE • IMK cm CEOROE TOBM • lURRr OMEMW
LAST DAY
^ampuA. ^lojthiUL
PURDiUE
Specialists in
Collegiate Wear . .
J'Jui&hnmL,
Geisler's has long been catering to Purdue students, specializing particularly in clothing which answers their demands for sport, classroom, and social wear.
JalL, mi
For the opening of the fall term, 1941, we hove an excellent assortment of campus togs, offering unlimited selection to fit freshmen needs in the clothing way.
\StAMAUt^
This season, for comfort and convenience, campus wear emphasizes comfort in clothes. Clothes ore made for freedom of action, made for economy, and made for ease of wearing. . . . We also stress clothes iox all sports.
500MAINST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.'>^^1 ^ ^ ^ n^ J ^ \\ 4,iV^% CA,V ^ ^ ^ ' ;t / ^ ^ hr S^ ^ ^XTl^l
iPuhduiL ^xpomudL
Friday, August 8,1941
For nr^ A • Fast Efficient Economical Convient Service It’s Yellow Cab 3071 Phones 5023 When shipping trunks Call Yellow
Jo ^IjoJUL
the class of '45 Congratulations on your choice of a fine schodi
Problem Of Finding Lafayette Home Remains Unsolved For Number Of University Students
Survey Shows Football Squad Hard At Work Potential members of Purdue’s gridiron squad for this fall have apparently taken to heart Coach Mai Elward’s statement that no time can be wasted in preliminary conditioning if the Boilermakers are to reach the mid-season form that will be demanded in the 1941 opener with Vanderbilt here on September 27. A survey of the summer occupations of the Boilermakers who are expected to report here for the opening drill on Wednesday morning, Sept. 10, reveals that almost without exception they are engaged in activities designed to keep them in top-notch physical condition. The team’s early conditioning problem is complicated by the fact that classes start on Thursday, September 11, which limits the Boilermakers to but a single day of double drills, whereas most of the other Big Ten schools, due to the later opening of classes, will enjoy from two to three weeks of uninterrupted sessions. Co-captains Tom Melton and Jim Miller, considered the outstanding pair of guards in the conference, are both working in s^el mills, as are Forrest McCaffry, promising end, and Wes Stevens, transplanted guard. Another guard, Charles Ehrlich, is working with a blast furnace crew, while Bill Combs, end, is another member of the steel mill contingent. Bill Buffington, hard driving fullback, provides the almost inevitable ice man touch. Marion “Red” Car-
Peter Anderson Garage AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST 525 Alabama St, Phone 4048
A
Edward C. Elliott
. . . president of the University, will address the new students at the Orientation exercises Saturday morning, September 6. Dr. Elliott served as the chancellor of the University of Montana before coming here m 1922.
ter, halfback, is a counselor in a summer camp, while Bob Kersey, veteran quarterback, is serving as life guard at a country club pool. John Andretich and Frank Meakim, promising sophomore halfbacks, are working in railroad shops along with Alex Leugo, veteran center, while Walter Cook, halfback, and Barry French, tackle prospect, are keeping in shape in packing houses. Farm Buildings . . . maintenance is one of the many special activities engaged in by the University school of agriculture.
By CIsytcm Weniei Although no great faierease iil at* rollment is expected this SeptemlMr for the 1941-42 scholastie your, • problem that atwaya faces the stit* dent is securing a place to live. 'Thle is especially true in the case of new students. A great number of men sign a contract for Cary HaU rooms for one year, but according to a recent announcement by 6. O. Arbuekle, manager of the Cary Halls, only a few rooms of the Halls' 1,900 are available yet. Over 800 new students every fall pledge to one of the 35 fraternities on the campus and live in the fraternity houses. Numerous private homes in West Lafayette, close to the University campus, rent roms to men students. During the summer the Dean of Men’s office publishes a list at aQ the rooming houses certified by the University. In order to receive a certification from the Dean of Men's office, a room in a private home most be kept clean, most have proper ventilation, and heating, good lighting conditions and proper study conditions. Toilet facilities must also be in excellent condition. A list of these certified rooming houses may be obtained from the Dean of Men’s office in the Kxeciitive building of the University. The terms of the renting contract drawn up between a landlord and a student are usually determined by mutual consent of the two parties and may be either written or verbal. The University respects these contracts and holds both the landlord and the student responsible to them. Many new students, who go through fraternity rush week, and intend pledging, sign two weeks or one month contracts with rooming houses and then move into fratermty houses when their lease is up.
What Next? Cheese Defenses isn’t the current affectionate term for the United States Army. You eat Cheese Defenses. They are composed of two pieces of bread between which is a piece of cheese and some ground beefsteak which is formed in the shape of a patty. Now we don’t mean to be unpatriotic and we hope you will excuse us, but we might just as well blurt right out and tell you that Cheese Defenses are Cheeseburgers. The 56th annual convention of the National Association of Retail Meat Merchants met yesterday and decided that the vile, germamclinAmerican name of hamburger must be abolished because it is obviously Nazi propaganda and the clean, red, white, and blue name of Defense Steak substituted. Therefore we evolved fhe name of Cheese Defenses for cheeseburgers. Dh, no one can say that we are not patriotic through and through! God Bless Our Native Land!—J.L.T.
Preserve the interior of X your home with . . . Pittsburgh Paints We carry a complete line of Glass and Paint. HUNECK'S
^ GLASS AMD PAINT OX
826 Menu St
m
m %
A
#1 ft'I
•. ■^ao'WH-^'aWliViPnii'iXtwijfc ij»»aii*»Kt<ntc-<wtWva^^ A
i!^f ^i»
1 ‘f*~^ ffk-<i ~
S^aqauk-
Friday, August 8, 1941
(pu/uhuL ^xfaomnt
Jjuml^ Jidk
In The Military Manner Note: The following article is not meant to be an editorial in the true sense of the word. It is rather a group of observations that the writer made during his stay in an Reserve Officer’s Training Corps camp during June and the first two weeks of July. As is mentioned in the article, the writer does not feel comiietent to write about the army as a whole, or even about the entire post at which he was stationed. The observations he has made, therefore, are based upon the men with whom he w^s in contact and those to whom he talked while at the post. It might be mentioned that an effort was made to talk to as many enlisted men as possible so that whatever was to be said could be as indusive as possible. —The Writer, In the two weeks that have transpired since we left Ft. Knox, Kentucky after a six week officer's training period we have been asked two questions repeatedly. “What do the soldiers think of the war situation?" and “What do the soldiers thinlrortSrti^draft extension?" ’ Granting that six weeks is a short time to become acquainted with the opinions of any group of men as large as that at Ft. Kjnox on any subject as important as those two, we still think that we have acquired a fair idea of the way the average American soldier feels about the woiid situation as it stands. Answering the first question—how the men of the army feel about the war — would be rather an impossibility because their opinion on that subject varies as widely as would any heterogeneuos group of individuals thrown together in one place, be it army camp, village or city. There are the interventionists, the isolationists, theones who don’t give a damn and those who would gladly fight for no reason at all, just as these various groups exist in civilian life. One sidelight on this situation, though, is rather clear. The soldier in ranks, the man who is most closely associated with the tools of war, probably knows less about the possibilities of entering the war, the reasons for entering it or the reasons for staying out than almost any man on the street who has never been nearer a gun than a shooting gallery. The average soldier, and this includes many draftees, pays little attention to the world situation as a whole. His taste is reading does not run to weighty articles by Winston Churchill or Major Eliot, but rather to comic magazines and lurid detective thrillers. On the shelves of our post exchange, 56 different comic books were counted. They were accompanied by seven brands of the more sensational detective magazines and looking lonely on the two bottom shelves were single copies of Life, American Magazine and Liberty. These last were the nearest approach to a higher level of literature that we saw during our stay at the fort, save for a few copies of Reader's Digest and various varieties of newspicture magazines in our recreation rooms—although some tjTpes of a better grade of magazine were on sale at the larger post exchanges. This dearth probably is not the fault of the , exchange. Most soldiers do not care for any diet in reading that is any ‘heavier’ than the comic and detective magazine. This is partially understandable. A man coming back to the post after a hard day’s work is rarely in any mental or physical shape to do much heavy reading. Even the men in our outfit, all of them from colleges or military schools, and supposedly of a little higher mental training than the regular army man, had little desire for any real reading. It is small wonder then that many men in the army are uninformed about the worid situation. And understand, please, that this is a presentation of opinion, not a condemnation of the army, its training or the men'in it. We do not intend to take up the argument concerning whether it is best for the men of an army to be well-informed about what they are getting in to or whether they should be kept pretty much in the dark and trained to obey orders regardless of what may tome. There are too many arguments for either side. Going on to the other question—how does the soldier react to the lengthening of his term of service—^we think it quite ai^ropriate to quote one statement that we heard over and over again when we asked the question: “I'll go ^over the hill,^nd there are plenty that will be going with nfe. ThercssPt put us all in the guardhouse. It isn't big enough."
fiiVuitJUL. £xpomnJL
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for In section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by earner for J3 60 per year, mail subscription, $4 00
Editor-in-Chief News Editor Bnsiness Manager
Ned A. Ochiltree John L. fraugott Don 8, Powers
Publication Staff Managing Editor „ Leland W. Ruffner Associate Editors J P, Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D T Brophy, R L, Hadley, P. I Jones, E J Kieper Business Staff Local Advertising Managers • K K Gjemre, R E Saxton, Circulation Manager. W T Bell, Accounts Manager. W D Millard Co-ed Staff Editor Associate Editors Mary K Martha Jane Pox
Ruth Rose Boynton, Alice Chatfield,
Sports Staff
Editor
Phil C. Johnson
Associate Editors O T Clark, J. D. Fraser, J S Keeler. Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports 2792;
Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for Rational advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives,
420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Whether or not the men who said this actually would carry it out is a question. We are rather inclined to think that they would probably reconsider the AWOL—^most of them— if it actually comes to the point where they must make their choice of that or staying in the army longer than they had planned. Why should these men make this statement? We are not sure. Certainly they are as patriotic as the average run of American citizens, and as the President in a recent message to Congress, the men of the armed forces realize better ttyan the civilians that the army, to be a vital moving force, must not allow itself to be broken up, now that it is well started on its road to rejuvenation. The average soldier is a pessimist. He likes to gripe. He objects about everything. His food, his clothes, his equipment, his work and the army in general. It is the old army game. We have heard it said that the first sergeant of an outfit is quite content as long as he hears his men objecting about everything. It is when they become silent that he starts to worry. Perhaps this is a partial answer to the loud and lusty howls that pre arising from the men in the army. The psychological aspect of the thing is also worth considering. It isn’t so bad in the army, the men feel, when they know that they will be going home at a certain definite time. They can always count the days until their release and that produces a certain soothing effect. There is something very unpleasant about the term “For the duration of the emergency.” The men certainly are not afraid of a fight. Most of them seem as though they would be glad to take a crack at Hitler if it is deemed necessary that they do so. Just as their fathers were willing to put in a good li^ at old Kaiser Bill. Some of them wonder a little bit if it is necessary, or even right, that we should do so. But such ones are in a vast minority. The men remain pessimistic, however. And even though they do realize that the army would receive a terrible set-back if they were to pack up and depart at the end of their year, they are so close to the dust, heat, sweat, and assorted trials of army life that getting out seems to be all-important. Perhaps they can be talked out of it. The officers are trying to make the army life as palatable as possible, but it is a ^ugh job. There is a shortage of competent officers. It is impossible to double the size of an army, then redouble it, and double it again and plan on more of the same without running into trouble. Even with the store of reserve officers called to colors there is still something lacking in the officer corps of the army. The officers are trying hard, regardless of what the more yellow clique of newspaper and magazine writers may say. They are tremendously handicapped by the dearth of trained assistants with whom they must work, and equally as handicapped by the lack of equipment with which to do their job. The men feel this too. It’s not the easiest thing in the world for a man, especially one with little imagination, to be serious about someone waving an orange flag in his face and shouting, “I'm a battery of field artillery." Yet it is to such absurd lengths that the army is forced to go. The officer corps is a little pessimistic about (Continued on page 10)
Make 0ie
Your Playground
4* X}> Xl>
Enjoy:
• The Cafeteria • The Chestnut Room • The Sweet Shop • The Billiard Room • The Grill Lounge B The Browsing Room • The Music Room • The C6ffee Shop • Banquet Rooms • Bowling Alleys • Lounges - 2^ Truely the place of leisure at Purdue University. Here in pleasant an wholesome surroundings you may find fellowship and fun. The place where friends meet. Join the hundreds that use the Union daily. JhjL S^uhduJL TyianuhiaL linjum. The Comer of the Campus—Yet the Center ' . of College Activities"^‘ ('’' '^';j, i' /1;\ ' , j"i puhdiuL £xpomnL
Augu^ 8« 1941
‘wn
' j0 \-%i *>. I
‘ "I
I
Sr
IS
serve you.
to
■■4’'
TAKE A MEMO AND REMEMBER THAT: You can) depend on the lai^est selection of good USED text books and approved supplies* for all your bourses. ^ Remember! Come to Soiithworth’s as soon as you arrive in the Village.
“3%e Early Birds Save the Most Sidney!
99
Books,
lies
308-10 SmTE fTMEEI WEST LA PAYETTE INQ
-PunlueV Friet^fy MeeUng Phicei
tf
"" I\
DE AC S
STU
__ 3 2 5 STATE
Established 1908
H. G. REISNER & H. G. REISNER, JR. Hello Freshmen! "Bully for Old Purdue.” You will hear that thunder across the Ross-Ade Stadium] Congratulations on your choice of Colleges. You have picked the best college in For thirty-three years, "Deac’s” has served the boys and girls of Old Purdue. We of the boys and girls that work in "Deac’s” are students of Purdue. “Deac” has ev( students rny friends. We sell all of the college books and supplies used at Purdue; and this year we ha^( we know we have everything you will need or want while at Purdue. The stud§]
they want.
The best merchandise at the lowest price. If you buy all of your drawing suppliei The University requires just certain articles for each course, and we have spent tj Wait until you get to college to get what you need; we guarantee^everything we We have a gift for you which you will want and keep. If you are going to take en| are the rules that all of the Engineering students use. You can’t be an Engineer wi W eare also the Western Union and Postal Telegraph branch office, the branch You will like our store. We have somp 3 ,000 boy> and girls who leave their money We have rendered this service for thirty-t^o years, and beginning in September, a We are the exclusive representative for Whitinan’s wonderful box candy. We hav for 10c. We sell tooth paste, soap, and other toilet articles. We sell Sheaffer, Parke of the gym equipment used in the Physical Education classes, and we will handle it We sell all makes of golf balls and golf clubs, base balls and bats, gloves, tennis bal on each article. a, If you have personal questions and troubles, and you will have, we are also at your me to help you. Come and meet the nicest bunch of girls and bo)^ you ever saw h If your father and mother come with you, I would like very much to meet thei Most girl students take Applied Design, and we sell al|lof the equipment that the This is a long letter,^and I thank fqr readm Fwish you a happy Summer; Hi
YTHI
BOOK AND SUPPLY
T R E E T
E S T L A F A Y E T T E. INDIANA
August 5 th, 1941
[Purdue’s football gridiron, this Fall from thousands of young and old voices. -United States., \ q tve a college store that is owned by a Purdue man and run by Purdue students. All •ything for a college education, and the friendly spirit has made some 30,000 Purdue
fhoiisands of second-hand :^often try to ask us for
books as well as new books. Aft^ thirty-two years’ service, s we do not have, but we generally can produce
and drawing instruments at the same time, we give you a. 10 per cent discount, e Summer getting all these things ready for you. ll; and then you will get exactly the right things. ineering, you will need a slide rule, and we sell the famous K & R Skde Rule; these
ice for the Railway Express and the Greyhound Bus Station at Purdue, ^ our store for safe keeping. It costs nothing, and you can draw it out day or night, e will start our thirty-third year. You are always welcome at **Deac’T’,^ a regular 10c, store in one department, everything 10c, even Purdue crested stationery ,• and Wahl Eversharp Fountain Pens and Pencils. We have been the sold distributors ;ain this year. We print and sell the Purdue Receipt File. ■s and rackets, badminton birds and bats, Purdue Jewelry with the Purdue crest or seal ommand. We have helped thousands of students. Don’t hesitate to come in and ask one,-store. ■
. Please bring them in with you. use at the lowest price. This is a real id hoping to see you in September, I beg to remain.
ate It.
LIE
Yours sincerely, H. G, Reisner
■. ■ '1
%
CATIONs
ih
(pwulusi,'^xpomnL
Ftiday* August 8, 1941
fiaqsL 9
t -1^
if
s4?'
'^■'t
51
ROTC Takts First Part h Regular War Ranes
Eliza Fowler Hall
... is the old assembly hall for the University where all convocations, stage entertainment, and special meetings were held in the past. Since the completion of the new
Hall of Music in the spring of 1940, only Playshop production, occasional small group meetings, and the perpetual freshman engineering lectures have been held there.
Executive Building
at the base of the approaching mall. The President, Registrar, Director
, . 11 as j.1. TT • of Admissions, Cashier, and Deans .. . housing all offices of the Uni- . , ’ „ . .
of Men and Women all have their
Subscribe for the Exponent!
versity administration, including engineering personnel and the student health service, faces the main entrance off Northwestern avenue
offices here.
Subscribe for the Exponent!
/
RIDE IN StYLE IN A YELLOW CAB
5023
— PHONES
3071
Call a Yellow When Shipping Trunb
The Thinking Fellow, Calls a Yellow
99
YELLOO CAB CO
USED and NEW
BOOKS and STUDENT
SUPPLIES
\
Dietzgen drawing instruments and supplies Keuffel and Esser slide rules
AU approved Purdue University books and supplies
^uy Early and Save
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
M. C. "Red" Saminom, '29
Across from the Union Building
"So Haudy”
R. W. "Dm" Eppie, '#
Unit Braves Rain^ Wind To Support ^Red^ Army
Editor’s Note: Although the action reported below has already bees covered in '“Exponent” by another writer, it is printed here again for ^this special freshman edition, not only because it was rather momentous (the first time in history that ROTC units participated in the regnhur army’s war games) but because it may be something for the frosh to Io<dc forward to next year if they happen to get a little tired of hearing the right and left flank” and “on No. 1 close fivct shell mark 1, fuse short.’* Please note that certain inserts in bold face tyW are present. These are not quotations from the “Guidon,” but were addM by a participant in the affair after he had read the “Guidon’s” account. i
The 178 Purdue students who have been in training as reserve officers at Fort nKox, Ky., the past six weeks and who have recently returned to their homes had the experience of taking part in a sham battle with the regular troops stationed there a few days before their camp training period ended. Lieutenant Colonel John G. White — -
was senior field artillery instructor and other commission officers from the University who were on duty in the cSmp were as follows; Lieut. Col. E. H. Hicks; Majors C. W. Messersmith and W. H. Hathaway; Lieutenants Edward McMaken, John L. Ruby, C. L. Baum, J. R. Burkhart, F. L. Wilson, J. C. Vanderford, P. A. Derra, P. H. Rogers, R. P. Vanderford, H. F. Antrim, B. F. Johnson, J. Wassman, and J. A. Hebbeler. The Guidon, ROTC publication at Fort Knox had the following to say about the work of the artillery units m the sham battle: “Marking the first time a ROTC unit ever participated in real mlheuv^rs vrith the Regular Army, officer candidates in camp here gave a good account of themselves Friday night-Saturday morning in a realistic sham battle between two Army Divisions for the theoretical possession of Fort Knox. “While Infantry and Engineering cadets sat on the sidelines of the show as observers, the young men in the Field Artillery student companies took an active part in the maneuver by providing support for the ‘Red’ division, which was defending the reservation from a hosthe ‘Blue’ force, which actually was the First Armored Division. ~ “Sorning a driving rain (it was mixed with a little hail, for variety) that soaked through their slickers, turned unimproved roads quagmires and blacked out what little starlight there might have been, the ROTC artillersonen went into position early Friday night, remained on the alert throughout the night and then theoretically blasted enemy tanks into obscurity. “The cadets from Purdue CBattery A) were given credit by the umpires for knocking out 39 ‘Blue’ tanks. “Before the job of going into position was half ddne there came a near-cloudburst, catching most of the trucks on mud roads where they ^ slithered and groped, guided by the steady hands of cadets over narrow, hazardous bridges and up steep, slippery hills. There were unsurmountable difficulties and more than one truck slid off the road, but the students came through, and long be-
Prof. M. F. Stigers Receives Training Position With 0PM
Professor M. F. Stigers of the division of education and applied psychology has been appointed by the Office of Production Management, Washington, D. C., to serve as “Training Within Industry Consultant” in the Indiana district. This appointment carries with it the responsibility for promoting training programs within industry, and for aiding employee in carrying on such programs. It is not possible for thp vocational schools to do more than a small part of the training required in connection with ouf national defense program, and there is tremendous need for adequate training in the plant on the specific job for the many thousands of new workers, and workers transferred to new jobs. As Consultant for the Trainilhg Within Industry Program, PtoCmisor Stigers will continue his usual duties with the Univmr&ity, and will devote oidy a porti<m his time to the Training Within Industry program.
fore midnight each gun was in its well-concealed position, with each gun crew ready and eager to go into action. “Hardships were laughed at by the cadets, who managed to have fun even though soaked to the skin and covered with mud. One truck, caught without skid chains at the foot 0 fa steep hiU, refused to negotiate the grade until Norton F. Barron, a C^er cadet, and Jim Rush, end on the varsity football team at Purdue, performed the operation of attaching the chains. Both were stretched full length in several inches of mud and water, adjusting the chains, when they were observed by Lieut. Col. John G. White, senior artillery instructor. “The cadets employed the means at hand in camouflaging their guns, placing them in clumps of bushes and covering them with green bought to make it more difficult for them to be picked out by enemy air observers. Trucks were hidden in dense woods for the same reason. “So well camoufiaged were the gims that one tank unit over-ran the Purdue battery position, passing in between the guns. “The officer candidates snatched a little sleep on occasions, but not much. They were wet and cold but' never lost their good Jiumor and they swore (.) they enjoyed the hardships. It was good daylight when breakfast was served in the field and there was need for no second urging for the 4db lads to ‘come and get it.’ “When day broke, enemy airplanes began their circling over the area and one battery apparently was spotted because a ‘‘bomb,”_ made of a bag of flour, was dropped to land within 30 yards of one of the guns. (A plane had been flying over the locatitm all night, dropping flares, and causing no little trouble. The next morning we were told that it was one of our own planes, trying to spot us, to see if we were wdtt camouflaged. The bomb, which f(A later from an miemy plan^ vima aimed at our mess truck. The plane noted the activity and thinking he had spotted a command post, dropped the bomb. All through the night and morning the^ presence of the battery, as a firing battery was |msuspected.) “Observers for the artillery, stationed in trees or other vantage points, (Dmie by fmrward liamon observers. Contact with battery kept by radio.) kept a dose look-out for expected ‘Blue’ tanks throughout the morning, and were rewarded at 11 a. m. when a medium tank roared up a narrow road right into a trap laid by the young artillmtymen. “Soon there were other tanks of the enemy assaulting the ‘Red’ ar^ tillery position of Battery ‘A.,’ made up of Purdue students, but time and again they rumbled into bl^mih range of the guns. It kept the crew busy knocking off tanka as faa^ aiimost, as they cbuld load, for half an hour when the main attack waa launched, and one of the umpirea was heard to role that an cmtite tank company had been wiped ont by the battery. “Shortly after the tank attaek* the was called off and the BQTO artitlerymen, who bad ghrmi a fiha account of i^i^emscdves wmre brooR^ back to camp where ^y had lnnd>» “What was the most pc^pidar di* version in Saturday aftei^t noonT You guessed it. Bunk tigue.”
A
'If
A ■'I,
Uif
, -.iV
ri¥-'» p T, J. 1 0 ^ ^ ^ pi? ^
•i
S^euiSL 10
Friday, August 8, 1941
^uJuiusL ^xpomnL
M
In The Military Manner
By Bob Boswinkle
HEIS VETTER Ladies' Gentlemen! Do you suffer from tobacco heart, sleeping sickness, or body lice’ If you do, we have no help for you What we’re discussing today is an ailment known, to us at least, as Heis Vetter Disease Heis Vettei is Hitlei for “hot weathei ” We named the disease for the season in which it affects certain people rather than following the common practice of naming it after the person who isolated it. This we did thoughtfully, for we do not want to burden the medical world with our name Doc Millei says that old Sol tosses off Vitamin D, blit sunshine appears not to be an unmixed good Certain people are allergic to the lays—these victims of Heis Vettei The rays seem to penetrate the portion of the brain which houses the controls to the talk box and apparently leaves the person able only to mutter; “Is it hot enough for you’” There may be some who feel that just because a dope goes around saying “Is it hot enough for you?” that he doesn’t rate having a disease named for him. But those who have been around one who has Heis Vettei in a big way, know that all sufferers should be included in a shipment of Bundles to Berlin Without powei to say anything else, the victim roams about smiling from molar to molar seeking a “kuh” (Pronounced koo. Hitler for “cow.”) He is called a “kuh” because he is too slow to get up and run when he sees a victim of Heis Vetter approaching He IS the bored one who must answer the stricken one’s inevitable question, “Is it hot enough for you?” Now in our house we are generally considered to be a rather meek individual That is to say at least we don’t go afound looking for a scrap. We can’t think of anything anyone could say that would make us fight— that IS, except those six little words Six little words made up of nineteen letters turn us from the lamb into a wolf. One sentence and we begin to wonder if murder isn’t sometimes permissable At least we feel entirely fiee to slap the disgusting one’s face and then step on his nose.
(Continued from page 4) , the whole thing, too. They realize the job that they still have ahead of them, but what seems to gall the officers more than anything is the fact that most of them firmly believe that after this emergency is all over (one way or the other) the people of the United States will suddenly revert to the days just after the last war and demand that the army be cut to an unhealthy shadow of itself, and then when another emergency arises, there will be the same concerted complaint from outraged citizens as is heard now. “Why isn’t the army ready? Why all this sound and fury in preparation? Where is all the equipment we’ve been spending our good money for all these years ?” The army is afraid they will be hearing that all over again 20 years from now. And they probably will. They have been hearing it just before every other war. They see no reason why the aftermath of this ‘emergency’ should be any different. There is always some optimist, though, that insists that things will be different this time. Maybe he’s right. The army hopes so.—^L.W.R.
Frozen Assets President Roosevelt’s order to freeze Japanese assets affected not only approximately $131,000,000 of Japanese funds, but, at the request of Chang-Kai-Shek, all Chinese ftinds which might possibly be controlled hy the Nipponese.
NOTICE Summer Chorus Members: Will members who left white robek in Union check room please reclaim them as soon as possible by presenting checks. Robes are to be returned to Music Hall ^ STEWART.
CLASSIFIED AD
Pleasant airy rooms, single bed, double room $11 Small single room, $12 60 Mrs. Charles Boynton, 421 N. Chauncey.
V-
The FiftU‘ Column
Senator Wheeler has gone a little too far with his back-bitmg of the administration According to the president And if they give him just a little more rope he will have enough to hang himself For treason.
Personally we’ve decided not to let FDR know what we think of his war policy. You can’t win that way If we should happen to agree, then we are a warmonger. And God knows anybody who disagrees . . . Is a radical * « * When really all we ever were, or tried to be . . . Was a Republican.
When we were still young we were polite It was then that we would try to reply to the question Usually we would answer with great enthusiasm, “Boy, I’ll say so ” That was repeated at least a dozen times during all of the juicy days from the time the April showers were turned off until way after dog days After a while the anticipated question and the“ prepared answer grew to be more familiar than the first two words of a fireside chat
Which reminds us that if we can just keep our mouth shut and bide our time, one of these days someone is going to write a book about us And we can take our place in history like . . . The last of the Mohicans.
The Japs have been receiving a very cold reception about the world m the past few days Except in China of course, where they still mix . . . Hot lead with cold steeL • * *
4
We decided* to cut the answer down to just “Yep ” And here lately we just grunt like an Indian in a tencent Western show. Perhaps some day we’ll gain the courage to tell the Heis Vetter suffers what they should be told We, mean, when they say so sweetly, “Is it hot enough^or you’” we are very roaringly going to answer, “What the hell do you think’”
But elsewhere it has been rather chilly. With record low temperatures sweeping Japanese holdings in this country leaving them with nothing but a bunch .
Of frozen assets.
And driving home the definition of what is meant by . . . The icy fingers of fate.—dkh
A Clean House for a Successful Rush
Rugs . . . All Sizes
ii' Cleaned and Processed by American.
To make your Rugs like new—Call
American.
Returned to you like new.
Chairs and Sofas
Cleaned like new by America’s high quality cleaning.
Curtains and Draperies
And
Have your clothes done the AMERICAN WAY. Delivery and quick service combined with fine cleaning.
American Laundry We pick up and deliver. PHONE 3085 132 Norjjjhwestern Ave.
<r»
Patronize EXPONENT Advertisers!
■Welcome Freshmen—
WHEN YOU COME TO PURDUE
This store will save you money on all your school supply needs.
Desks, Tables, Filing Cahinets, Loose-Leaf Books, Drawing Instruments and Supplies. (Established 1826)
'Remember the name
Haywood’s
Fifth and Ferry Sts.
Lafayette, Ind.
V ,
Deac
V
Pays 50% CASH For Second Hand
Purdue College Books and
60% Tiade-In
On Anything in the Store
N
H G. “Deac” REISNER BOOKSTORE \ —Esti&hlished 1908— 325 State t tVeg, tafciyette, Ihdkma
n\
\
S*
mm^uhdua £xfianani
Friday# August 8# 1941
\
CLASS OF ’
LVLE C RIDGLEY -r MANAGER
308H0 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INli
WELCOME TO PURDUE: It is an excellent school — one oL the finest in the whole country! We are happy that you have chosen to join hands with all of us in making an even greater PURDUE! We are sure that your affiliation with this institution will be of mutual benefit. And, a hearty greeting from SOUTHWORTH’S, **The Student’s Department Store”, This store has been serving Purdue’s students for over 36 years. It is truly a SERVICE institution with a distinqtive and friendly personality. We SELL student merchandise; but, GIVE whole hearted service and cooperation to Purdue and its students. Do come in to see us and our store as soon as you arrive in The Village. We want the opportunity to meet you so that we may know your requirements and thus be able to serve you better. Ours is the oldest and largest student store at Purdue, and naturally we have a great stock of studen:#merchandise. When you are ready to purchase your school books and supplies you can be assured that we have everything you need, as well as a wide selection of student inci- • dentals, too numerous to mention. Howevet, you would probably like to know that our store is headquarters for the Freshman Engineers. We Carry a full stock of the famous Dietzgen and K & E drawing supplies, slide rules, and general equipment. Then, of course, we have huge stacks of other materials such as art and biology, supplies, stationery, greeting cards, I. E. S. — lamps, and everything for your study room. For personal needs we have a large variety of gifts, tobaccos, candies, sporting goods, toiletries, etc.* ^ Your required school books are a major necessity. We know what books you will need for the various courses. Although we really have a large stock of both GOOD USED and new texts waiting for you, we suggest that you come here as early as possible to make your selections. Ofi drop us a mention of your contemplated courses and we will make a reservation for you without obligation. There is rarely a sufficient quantity of GOOD USED books to Vi! meet the demands ; so, if you want to save money let us help by reserving your requirements with a guarantee on the right items for the courses you specify. SOUTHWORTH’S basic policy has always been SERVICE TO THE STUDENTS. We feel that we are a vital part of your college experience. Among the many FREE SERVICES we offer is that of helping you become oriented to your new environment. We are happy to ; cash your checks, upon proper identification; send telegrams; supply general information; and help establish your credit rating here. When you arrive in West Lafayette be sure to visit our store in the Village. We w^nt'to meet you, and to serve you. We have FREE maps, blotters, schedule cards, and i practical, worthwhile gift for all. And, don’t forget your FRESHMAN CAP. „ V ^ ^ We anticipate welcoming you to PURDUE, to SOUTHWORTH’S, and our community. Cordially yours, / SOUTFTWORTH’S EMPLOYEES. • Purdue *8 Friendly Meeting Pla.ceC)
fia^ 12
FHday, August 8« 1941
fijVuluiL £xpomnL
Letter To Freshmen:
(Continued from page 1) ' which is a good deal more democraic than at many other schools. No one bothers to wear the latest clothes at Purdue, and you will be considered something of a queer if you go to school every day in a coat and tie. Or for a woman, dirty saddle shoes seem to be inevitable—^with sweaters, naturally, as always part of the accepted costume. Well, if you have made up your mind to gb to Purdue, come ahead^and understand that it is not moonlight and roses. It is very possible to get a great deal out of this University if you really want to. Some do, and more don’t. —^J.L.T.
Ode To Doc MiUer
C.B.Uoldrich,CE'3t, Given Research Job
C. B. Voldrich, CE ’31, has been named research engineer on the technical staff of aBttelle Memorial Institute, Columbus, Ohio, where he will assist in the Institute’s program of welding research. Voldrich has had a wide experience as a welding engineer Previ-
rT~teBV^ here... JL fiiL new Vitaliw <4
whole fleet of exciting, youth-
ful, new Viteliqr stjies to make your feet delightfully “ahlpshape” for die cadre fall searonl Chic, flattering patterns that lead autumn fashion maneuvers in style and comfort! You’ll want several pairs to complete your fall wardrobe. Come in today.
OPEN ROAD SHOES
QjuaiU^.
ItL
^Isuminq^ amt a, wsdeomsL to 3<hsAhjmtL
CLEANING . . . PRESSING . . . REPAIRING . . .
**A True Sign of Satisfaction and Agreement” Plioiie 4081 Northwestern at Vine
Ross Camp Defeats Executives, S-4, As Miller Umpires
Bulletin Announces Winter Ag Course
courses to meet this challenge." “These eight wnek courses are designed especially for indiTstrious and capable young men who cannot take a four year course because
of time or finance^ involved, and who desire special agricultural training of a practical naturo during the winter when they are not busy,” the statement continues.
4
Doc Miller is very useful. Whenever Exponent runs Igw on copy, someone writes a story about Doc Miller. Doc Miller likes it and we like it. Several weeks ago a so-called Exponent team bowled against the doctor’s Pillrollers. We said we won in the next morning’s paper. Doc Miller didn’t like that. And we can understand his point because we didn’t win. It made interesting copy, however, and \^e suspect that the doctor rather liked it secretly because he had food for talk for the next two weeks. Everybody likes to lambast Exponent and the Doc had a picnic with all his dour customers, telling them about our iniquity. He even threatened to sue us for libel. We like Doc Miller. He is very useful.—J.L.T.
ous to joining the Battelle staff, he was associated for four years with the Navy’s Bureau of Ships. Earlier he was a research engineer with the A. 0. Smith Corporation, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He IS also a graduate of the University of Wisconsin and is a member of The American Society for Metals, American Welding Society, and an associate member of Sigma Xi, national honorary science society.
“Dr. Miller lost the game,” thus commented Mahager ,W. S. Fletemeyer of the All-Star Executive team on the 6 to 4 defeat handed his team by the Ross Camp baseballers in a game played Wednesday eve-
ning at the Camp.
Fletemeyer attributed interference on the part of umpire Miller (Dr. S. J. Miller, direefbr of the student health service) in the prevention of the tying run to loss of the game. The All-Stars outhit and outpitched the Campers, he said. According to Dr. Miller, one of the two official'umpires, the game was “niiarked by the number of Ross Camp men who struck out.” He set the number at about 12. Pitcher for the Executive team was George Roedel, who in spite of early wildness, pitched excellent ball through
most of the contest.
Only casuality to mark the game was suffered by Pitcher Roedel as he stooped to pick up a ball. His catcher was also there and in raising up struck Roedel below the eye with his mask. He was then forced to pitch the remaining four innings of the game without his glasses and hi^ accuracy improved, according to
Even though temperatures in Indiana have been conducive to anything but thoughts of winter, Purdue University agriculturists are planping ahead and already the schedule is ready for the annual eight weeks’ winter course in agriculture which will be offered from Jan. 19 to March 13. A bulletin announcing the courses in general agriculture, dairy production, dairy manufactures and animal husbandry has recently come from the press and is being started to students instudy during the winter when work is slack on the farm. “The challenge of a changing world demands more than ever before that scientific and business methods be applied to all phases of agriculture,” says the forword in the pamphlet describing the courses. “The more successful farmer of tomorrow will be the one who is prepared to adopt new practices quickly and to make adjustments easily. The Purdue School of Agriculture offers four winter
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Dine s*
• School Supplies
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R.W."Doc"Epple'40
-f J
rf
K 1
Dr. Miller who operated.
.Umpire Miller complained that all of the complaining was done to him since Professor G. E. Lommel, of the cml engineering staff, the other umpire, would be giving exams to his boys soon and they naturally wanted to stay on his good
side.
Manager Fletemeyer on his part complained that his team was weakened by the absence of W. A. Bodden, chief accountant, who was out of town with two high-ranking members of the Exponent staff Star Bodden is the only member of the team with a baseball suit and thus his absence was psychologically bad for the team.
For a successful college career . . . promise yourself the best in cleaning . . . that means eleaning the CROWN WAY
PIN E CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHE$
>C>
SAVE HERE
on USED and NEW * ^ Books and school supplies All approved books and supplies For Engineering, Agriculture, Science and Home Economics Complete line of Sheaffer, Parker, Ever sharp and Esterbrook fountain pens L E* S* and Fluorescent study lamps
UNIVERSITY mOK STORE
. Across from the^ Union Building “So Handf’ M. C. "Red" Sammons,'29 R. W. "Dot'
t-*
w
A
Hi