I, ■ ,j ^ »i u«i j SM I, >f ■; -' ,^ ''“ <■ j( I
’ «^r *- f '"* *“T
Ji
(> i ^
¥‘ji fn*-
^ u. 7 f ^4:
iS-.^ j.. Furdue
m
z-\n
EscDonent J«J Jib J^ V# JiJi^7 JbJb li
Voluzidte 5L‘No. 117
Fridcor* Tehtmuy 23# 1340
Golden Gloves Runner-Up Cartwright To Plav For Scabbard Blade
Dies Following Final Bout ^ '
Death Of Noble Hannon Laid To Heart
SDX To Initiate
Dancers Will Swing
Preliminaries For
Attack Brought On By Over-Training Pledges At
To Rhythms Styled Hanley Speakers
Members Will Dance In South Ballroom
By Joe Dolan Joy for big, good-hearted Jim Welsch, Purdue’s heavyweight Golden Glove boxing champion, was suddenly turned to complete grief and sorrow Wednesday night at the Lafayette armory, the scene of the 1940 Lafayette district Golden Glove championships, because of the death of Noble Hannon, Welsch’s opponent.
No, it wasn’t a blow from Jimmy’s gloves that caused the marvelously built negro lad to siiccumb; instead it was a heart attack, an attack that all the efforts of science and man are powerless to counter. Five weeks ago, Hannon reported for his physical exam, a perfect specimen of manhood. Hannon’s heart was as perfect as any normal lad’s; however, since that physical examination five weeks ago, Hannon trained, yes, he trained, trained too much. Hannon Overtrained Hannon had breezed into the finals with ease, l^ut three days before his match with Jimmy Welsch, he had suddenly taken to strenuous road work. It was reported Sunday that he was seen with two other negro finalists doing 11 miles of road work on the outside roads of Lafayette. Now having a slight knowledge of anatomy and physiology, we can see how Hannon dilated his heart With his last minute preparations which were more detrimental than beneficial to him. When Hannon climbed into the ring, he was doubtlessly over excited and after two rounds of wrestling and slight pxmching with Welsch, he had neared the end of his rope. The Fight The first round went to Welsch because of the Boilermaker’s aggressiveness and two more points gained on landing more punches than Hannon. Both boys went to their corners with little signs of exhaustion, but Welsch seemed to be in a more fatigued condition than Hannon. In the third round after a slight exchange of punches between the now near exhausted lads, Hannon suddenly began to weaken fast. He clinched Welsch and hung on. Welsch, in no condition to hold two men when he was having a difiicult time in keeping himself erect, tried to shove Hannon off, and with the assittance of the referee did so. The Last Clinch Back into a clinch the two men went with Welsch shoving Hannon to the ropes, where the negro hung for about 20 seconds. At this point Welsch refused to push the fight further, walking off instead of trying to blast Hannon from the ropes to the floor. Hannon slowly turned and followed Jim across the ring and again went into a clinch. At this point the now exhausted Welsch shoved Hannon away. Jim didn’t hit Hannon, he merely shoved him and down went the negro to be counted out. Doctors Assist After five minutes of working on Hannon in his corner, his trainer A1 Rossi, of Boilermaker football fame and former Golden Glove champion from Illinois, saw that Hannon’s condition wasn’t from a mere blow or series of blows; so he called for a doctor, and two doctors worked feverishly on the unconscious Hannon, but as we intimated before, man and science are helpless in reviving the most imperative muscle of our bodies—^the heart. It Wasn’t Jimmy Welsch has taken the negro’s death harder than anyone else, but Welsch must remember that the excitement pf the battle, the roar of the crowd, terrific over-training, and an over-taxed growing heart, were the reasons for Hannon's death, not blows from Jim’s gloves, because the blows struck after the middle of the second round by either lad couldn’t have annoyed a fly. The death of Hannon could have oceurrpd in a basketball game, track meet, or football contest.
Electoral Board To Select Students For Managerial Places This afternoon at 4 o’clock, the electoral board of thg University Theater will interview, at Eliza Fowler Hall, all candidates for managerial positions on the Varsity Show. The board, composed of faculty and student representatives, will interview all persons desiring positions, with precedence being given to those who have already filed their petitions. The Jobs From the candidates, they will select student managers for the following positions: Dance Director, rehearsal assistant for cast, prompter, rehearsal assistant for voices, librarian for vocal music, librarian for orchestral music, rehearsal assistant for orchestra, business manager, ticket and sales manager, promotion manager, advertising assistant, press agent, stage manager, master carpenter, master electrician, property man, wardrobe mistress, scenic artist, makeup artist, head accompanist. From the student managers, the student members of the Board of Control will be selected by the electoral board. The board of control wall meet Saturday afternoon to select the book of music of the show, the time and place, and the time for tryouts for the cast. Students elected to managerial positions will be notified of their selection Friday night. Debaters Will Take Manchester Trip Five members of the varsity debate team and four members of the freshman team -will journey to Manchester College at North Manchester for the annual debate tournament today. Members of the varsity team attending will be Seymour Udell, Gordon Belles, Haskel Metz, John Day and George Alward. Freshman debaters going are Albert Katz, Bill Swager, Maurice Udes, and Bob Weiss. The subject of this year’s tournament will be: “Resolved that the United States should observe strict economic and military isolation from the warring powers in Europe and Asia.” Last year 80 colleges sent teams to the conference. Goid Peppers pian Annual Bid Dance Pledges to Gold Peppers, athletic boosting honorary for senior women, will be announced March 8 at the organization’s annual coed bid dance to be held in the Union ballroom. Returning to furnish music for the evening will be “Warpy” Waterfall and his orchestra from Indiana University. Announcement of' Gold Pepper pledges will be made in an unique manner coinciding with the theme of the ballroom decorations. Pledges are chosen on scholarship, personality, and activities. , Arrangements for the dance are in charge of Mary Petticrew, Ann Sickman, Louise Schickier, and Georgann Schilling.
Indianapolis Thirteen pledges of Sigma Delta ' Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will be initiated in a joint ceremony with Butler and DePauw chapters at 5:30 this afternoon at the Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis. Following the initiation, the Sigma Delta Chi award for class 2 dailies will be made by the Hoosier State Press Association convention manquet. The award, a silver cup trophy, will be given to editor Louis D. Hiner of the Rushville Republican by Don Terrio, chapter presi-
dent.
Awarded Annually The cup is awarded annually to the paper judged best which is published in a town of 6,00 population or under, and was also awarded to the Republican last year. Three consecutive awards will give permanent possession. Judging is done by the Hoosier State Press Associa-
tion.
Sigma Delta Chi actives and pledges will meet in the Exponent office at 3:30 this afternoon. Men who will be initiated are Dan Heiple, Rolund DeHoog, Robert Donahue, James McKee, Morgan Miers, John Willsey, Jack Orr, Lawrence Archibald, Roger Finley, Don Smith, I James Hebbeler, Stewart Marquis, and Joe Dolan. Stewart Gains Recognition For Farm Chorai Work A. P. Stewart, University musical director, achieved national recognition recently when the March issue of Reader’s Digest magazine carried an account of his work with choral groups composed of Hoosier women. Some* five years ago, after hearing a radio broadcast by the University Choir under Stewart’s direction, the farm women of Tippecanoe County called on him to organize a chorus for them. The idea took hold and spread until now there are more than 2,400 Hoosier women belonging to local singing states such as Ohio, Kentucky, South Dakota, and North Carolina groups, and after seeing the program’s success in Indiana, other are beginning to sing, too. These women’s singing groups from all over the state are waiting for the completion of the new Music Hall and plan to hold several massed concerts in it yearly.
'Lightly And Politely' By Donna Seiss “Lightly and politely” Charlie Cartwright and his band of 12 will toss out a bit of real dance music for the Scabbard and Blade goers tonight. Charlie and the boys are from Peoria, Illinois, and have been plasring now for similar shindigs for about six years. Last year saw them entertaining for the aimual Mother’s Day Mixer in the Union Ballroom. Another of their campus appearances was made at Terry House dance. The majority of the band members will be hailing Bradley Polytechnic Institute as their alma mater as that’s where they now attempt to syncopate a little book ‘laming’ with sweet strains of melody. A double feature is present in the band in the persons of twin saxophonists. Very apropos is their theme song “Scarlet” written by Harold Phillip, one of the boys. We promise you some clever feature numbers as Charlie is noted for his tricky sidelights. ,
McCartney To Play For TAP Formal Dance Playing m the North Ballroom of the Union tomorrow evening from 9 to 12 Jack McCartney and his DePauw band will entertain the dancers at the annual TAP formal. The three fraternities which sponsor this dance are Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi. Formal dinners at the three houses will precede the dance. An interesting feature will be seen in the introduction of a unique program. These are made of white suede and have three large musical notes superimposed upon the cover. The bars of the notes will have the letters, T A P in order, while the circular part of the notes will contain the crests of the three fraternities. In accordance with this theme, the drop is to be maroon in color with the large letters, TAP written across the top. The three large notes will be used in the same way, with the crests of the fraternities lighted.
Begin March 13 FrOffl 9 fil 12 p. HI.
Co-ec/s Will Cavort At 'Co-ecf Capers^ Tomorrow Night In Old Union Ballroom
By Tad Stiers Have you seen a co-ed caper? Don’t you want to see a co-ed caper ? Ahhh, opportunity knocks! You shall see a co-ed caper, and not only one but dozens of the campus’ best caperers shall prance about for your approval in the first “Co-ed Capers” to hit this campus. Indeed, history shall be made before your very eyes tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in the old Union ballroom. So you really don’t want to miss this hand-picked collection of super entertainers, do you? Fun Guaranteed The frolic is guaranteed to have everything—even a worthy cause, for its proceeds will be used to further interest in the Lake Geneva YWCA Conference, which is held during the last week in June at Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. You can see at a glance that it is really your duty to see and be seen at the event. The sororities and three Womr en’s Residence Halls will participate, each giving a stunt, unfortunately limited to ten nunutes. Kappa Alpha Theta, however, will
Going into the fifth consecutive year as a speaking contest, the Hanley Speech contest for engineers has been changed to the extent that only freshmen may enter. There are no stipulations as to the contents of the speeches, except for the fact that they must pertain to some problem with an economic basis. Topics such as “Economy of Operation in Diesel Engines,” “The Problem of the Sharecropper,” and “Concrete—an Inexpensive Road Surface,” are the general types of speeches rendered. Prizes First place in the contest will net the winner $35; second place, $25; third place, $15; fourth place, $10; and the fifth and sixth place winners will each receive $5. The contest preliminaries will be held at 4 p. m. Wednesday, March 13, in room 301 of University Hall. Entrants may sign up for the contest in room 308 in University Hall. Robert Horn of the Speech department IS in charge. No entries will be accepted after 4 p. m. March 12. The preliminary speeches will be limited to five minutes, and the final round speeches will be seven minutes in length. These finals will be held in Fowler Hall on Wednesday, March 20, at 7:30 p. m. High School Swim Teams Meet Here
Coming directly from the Inglaterra Ballroom m Peoria, Illinois, Charlie Cartwright and his 12-piece orchestra will furnish the music tonight for the annual Scabbard and Blade dance. The dance will hold forth in the south ballroom of the Union from 9 to 12. All Scabbard and Blade members and pledges will wear full military formal uniforms; others will come dressed in the customary tails or tuxes. Decorations The decorations will consist of a Scabbard and Blade flag on a blue background with Purdue and U. S. flags draped on either side. The programs, embossed with the Scabbard and Blade seal and saber, will be of red leather. They will be distributed at the door upon presentation of a bid. Pledges will be formally announced in the ballroom at 10:30 s p. m. by a group of active members. The pledging is enacted according to strict military ceremony. Chairman of the dance is Andy Perrin. Other members of the committee are: P. T. Cooper, in charge of decorations; J. G. Eilerling, in charge of tickets; W. O. Workman, in charge of invitations; E. C. Schader, in charge of orch^tra selection; K. C. Houston, pubucity man; and R. Glasser, in charge of pro-
grams.
The dance will be open only to Scabbard and Blade members, pledges, and their guests.
\
For IHMA Honors A t Holison, hnhe
not be present in the list of contestants as its state day will be at this time. The Program We feel for the poor judges who will have no end of a tough time trying to select a winner—yep, it’ll be mighty close. Glancing at some of the stunts that you will be permitted to see, we see that the program will consist of “Dr. Fixit’s Magic Remedy,” “A Musical Quiz,” “An Old Fashioned Melodrama,” “Table Talk Topics,” “Reminiscing in Rhythm and Rhyme.” “Giddayup, Napoleon,” “Blackout,” “What o Sorority Can Do For Its Pledge,” “An Eskimo Tragedy,” “Modem Cinderella,” and “Wild NeU.” Sounds pretty good. Where else can you get such varied entertainment for only ten cents? Absolutely nowhere! Catherine Cooley, president of YWCA, will present a plaque, furnished by Decker’s and engraved with the winner’s name, to the judges’ choice. The name of each year’s winner will be engraved on this plaque after each contest, and the victor may keep it lentil the next year’s program.
Over 125 swimmers representing nine Indiana high schools will compete for titular honors in the annual ISHAA championships to be held in the Fieldhouse pool tomorrow morning and afternoon. The preliminaries in all events will be held at 10 o’clock in the morning and the finals at 2:30 in the afternoon. The preliminaries will be run in heats and the men with the six fastest times will go to the finals. Entries for the meet will consist of swimmers from Lew Wallace, Froebel, and Horace Mann of Gary; Hammond, Central of South Bend, West Lafayette, and Jefferson of Lafayette; Whiting, and Washington of East Chicago. Each school has eighteen men entered in the meet who will compete in the eight events. Bears Favored Central of South Bend is the defending champion and the Central Bears are favored to retain their swimming crown. Recently Centralmermen annexed the Northern Indiana Conference swimming championship against such tank luminaries as Hammond and Horace Mann of Gary, The eight events in which the prep school swimmers will compete are: 50 yard free style; 100 yard breast stroke, 220 yard free style, 100 yard back stroke, 100 yard free style, fancy diving, 150 yard medley relay, and the 200 yard free style. Most of the youthful swimmers will be the guests of the athletic department at the Boilermaker dual meet with the Huntington Y M C A team at 7:00 tonight. Christian-Living Week Will End Tomorrow Evening West Side Methodist Church will conclude Christian Living Week with services tonight and tomorrow night. All stddents and the faculty are cordially invited. Tonight at 7 o’clock Reverend Jasper* Cox, of Monticello, will speak on “More 'Things Are Wrought by Prayer.” Tomorrow night at 7 o’clock Dr. L. Hadley, Mathematics Department, will discuss “Personal Integrity.”
Graduate, Receives Eta Kappa Nu Award Dr. Jesse E. Hobson, electrical engineering lecturer on the Chicago campus of Northwestern University, has been selected by Eta Kappa Nu, honorary electrical engineering featemity, as one of the country’s three outstanding electrical engineers under thirty-five years of age who have contributed “meritorious service in the interest of their fellow men” during the year 1939.
Received MSEE Here
After receiving his B.S. degree in electrical engineering at Purdue in 1932, Dr. Hobson returned on a fellowship in 1933 tox obtain his M. S. He was awarded the Charles A. Coffin foundation fellowship to the California Institute of Technol-\ ogy that fall and completed his work for the degree of Doctor of Philosophy, Magna Cum Laude, in
1935.
While attending California, Dr. Hobson designed and constructed a million-volt surge generator for use in breakdown tests on electrical equipment for the Boulder Dam, City of Los Angeles pdwer system. He taught at Earlham College and Armour Institute after his graduation, and he is now consulting engineer for the Westinghouse Electric Company as well as lecturer in Northwestern University course in Symmetrical Comppnents, Art Chenoweth To Play For 'Mixer of the Monh' “Bitoer of the Month” will be Hie official theme of the regular Union mixer tomorrow night. Starting at 9 p. m. in the old ballroom the dance will continue until 12 p. m. An unusual backdrop has been constructed depicting the month of February. On the badrdrop will be displayed four cards. One of these will have on it a picture of Washington, one a picture of Lmcebi, one an ace of hearts symbolizing Valentine’s day, and one with a Jhkw symbolizing leap year. Art Chenoweth and hia orHieatira will ^vide the dewnbeat Ibr the occasion. As usual the taxKf tor tickets will be one dollar.THE inJBDUE^
:i
Friday, February 23, mT • '
Cosmo Club To Elect
r National President
In ^shing through the Union halls today we quite accidentally bumped ii^o a timely thought for this month. The phrase we caught— “wouldn^t it look funny if some of our co-ed friends should appear on the campus walks sporting a pin the morning of March 1st?” —B&B— —nice work if yon can get away with it. —B & B— One of the Sig Ep brothers, Skall by nickname, was caught bareheaded by a co-ed and accused of making distinguished. Asked how he did it, “I kept away from co-eds last semester—^but I’m out to lower my index this semester.” Past thinker that boy. —B & B— The romantic meanderings in the Yeager-Ostrander league took a serious turn Valentine’s day. Since then, Jane has been wearing Eli’s Phi Tau pin. We vote her the happiest looking little girl on the campus. —B & B— Too bad that Spring and February 29 aren’t one and the same. Enthusiasm would be doubled in the affairs of campus hearts. —B & B— . Purloined letters appearing in this column seem to at least prove that somebody reads this smear of printers ink from the toasting letters that we get following a publication of the same. —B & B— Here’s one— Dear B & B Editor: ’‘Some people have no brains nor feelings ... etc.... and that’s my opinion of you.” Noname. Oh well, it was copy anyway. —B & B— Take a lesson from Tribunes’ “In the Wake of the News” which depends upon its friends. So does Bold and Black. Not only that but we give Murs passes. —B & B— As Fred Allen said once in days gone by, quote, “they laughed when 1 stepped on to the dance floor with a paper bag full of water in my hand . . . they didn’t know I was going to swing it.” (ouch). —B & B— Mars is the password kids—. fh University Pubiic Safety institute Pians Radio Quiz Students from Darlington, Ladoga, West Lafayette, and Jefferson high schools will match wits over WBAA Monday on the subject of “Recreational Safety,” when the second safety quiz is broadcast from 2 to 2:30 o’clock. The quiz, which is designed to focus attention on the subject of safety, is one of the activities of the University Public Safety Institute, and is conducted every other week over WBAA by James Wilson, of the Institute staff. Two students from each school, picked in preliminary tests in their safety classes, will be on the program, and will be out to win individual and team honors.
Cosmopolitan Club, acting as the executive chapter, will elect the natipual Cqmsq C|qV president at tlie meeting tWs ^ternoon. Ciand}idates for the o&ce are Scotty iilurray, Don Wasman, Maurice Cerda, and Fred Sacasa. The University organization was chosen as the executive chapter for the current two-year period at the last national convention of the thirty or more local clubs in Manhattan last year. It is their duty to elect the three national officers: president, vice-president, and correspondipg secretary, and ciarry on the business of the nation-wide college organization. Pledging The purpose of the Cosmopolitan Clubs is to foster a feeling of friendship between foreign apd American students. All students, regardless of nationality, are urged to attend the meeting today. Pledging will be conducted for those interested in becoming members. The possibility of an open forum meeting once a month in addition to the weekly meetings will be considered. This new plan has been proposed to enable the club to further its purpose even more by allqwing the foreign students to learn more about American whys through lec-, tures and discussions.
Coast Guard Movies To Accompany Talk Motion pictures of the Coast Guard Academy at New London, Connecticut designed to illustrate the educational and vocational possibilities of Coast Guard training will accompany a lecture on Coast Guard activities to be given by a Coast Guard officer at 4 p. m. on Monday, February 26, iri room 129 of the EE building. ! ■ Interview Etiquette . . . will be discussed by L. S. Winch at Charm School Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. in the Faculty Lounge. The meeting, which is sponsored by YWCA and WSGA, is being planned by Bernadette Dygert and Alice Newton. Winch’s lecture will be of particular interest to the senior girls, but it will also prove very valuable to all co-eds who wish to secure summer jobs, according to the committee in charge. Foreign Students ... enrolled in Purdue have been especially invited to attend a banquet, sponsored by the Roger Williams Club of the West Lafayette Baptist Church, to be held in their honor tonight at six o’clock in Cynthia Jones Hall. Christian Foundation . . . will sponsor a skating party at Maple Point tonight at 10:30 o’clock. The group will leave the Christian Church, 329 N. 6th St. at 10 o’clock. Tickets are priced at 25 cents per person, and free tickets will be given those who bring cars and take five people to the rink.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN'S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON m DINNER O REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUGSTORES 410 Main Street
foqtfiqus
By Chuck Hart Dramatic momeqt in Purdue Coed’s life: Scene: Union Lobby. Set: the green davenport. Time: Any nigh^. He h^r); '^on’t you come down to the dark room (the new one) and see my negatives ? ... F and P Varsity shqw time again . . ; we heaf that the show selected for this year is Victor Herbert’s “Sweethearts” . . of course, this is a rumor, but we’re pretty sure . . . and we know that if it is done, it will be done the way Herbert wrote it —^not the way Hollywood hacked it up. ,' ■ V F and F “Seventh Heaven” opens in two weeks . . . some of the symptoms are noticeable to the campus at large . . . such as previews in the Sweet Shop when the cast members take time off to joe . . . and lights burning late in Fowler Hall while the technicians whip up the sets ... and male cast members running around with curly locks flopping over collars . . . and sororities and fraternities being mobbed with props people hunting beer bottles, etc.
Ads
rOK SALB FOR SAIjE>—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. LOST AND FOUND Lost—Silver colored Norma Eversharp. Four colors of iMd. Reward. Pickeral 8029.
LOST—Liog-Log Deplex Slide Rule. Initialed R. A. M. Finder please phone 2236. Reward. Lost—Shell-rimmed glasses. Saturday night between Residence Hall and Fieldhouse. Phone Esther Kirkhoff, WRH.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Skull and Crescent: There will be no Cotillion meeting at the Phi Celt house February 29. —BELLES.
Purdue Radio Guild: Meeting Thursday, February 29, instead of tonight. There will be a speaker at that tiine. —MILLER.
Flying Club: Debris picture, postponed from last Sunday, will be taken Friday, February 23, at 4 p. m. at the airport. —KIMBALL.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party Friday, February 23, at 10:30 p, m., at Maple Point. Meet at Christian Church at 10 p. m. Any person with a car who takes five people to the rink will receive a free ticket. —^ROBBINS.
Military Basketball: Participants in Military Basketball Tournament see Intramural court schedule this date. First games start 7 p. m; —^LARR.
WAA Tournament Schedules: WAA tournament schedules, shuffle board and ' ping pong, are posted in the gym. First round, Friday, March 1. 3-1 —HOLDEN.
liiAid
TODAY - TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
Joe vs Arturo LOUIS GODOY Official Fight Pictures 15 Rounds of Fistic Dynamite! Every Punch, Each Smashing moment of the Sensational Fight! — PLUS — Betrayed by the millions he made! EDWARD ELLIS — IN — THREE SONS — WITH — WM. GARGAN KENT TAYLOR
Bennie Burns is known f or man^ blqe corduroy shirts . . . lor hj| things . . . for his eternal^ ^ir|^ “queen-getti:^” ability . V . for unending eehse of humor . . . for his versatility (he’s doing Chico in “Seventh Heaven,” announcing at WBAA, going to school, joeing, and courting several of the campus love-, lies) . . . We wonder how he does it... we doubt if he knows* F an d F Bill Robinson, the most glittering of the negro entertainers to ascend the star-way in Holl3rwood is ap^ering in HtdianapoUs in the “Hot Mikado” .. . There is a supporting • cast of one-hundred fifty negro swingsters and jitterbugs from Harlem . . . The show has been dolled up with many special effects such as the spgantic buhtUe-blowing scene ... and is one of the biggesi things to hit the i^gUsh Theatre in many years . .. If you want to see some real jitterbugging and hear solid jive, take a tip and truck down' to the English Theatre in Indianapolis any night the rest of this week.
WBAA
TODAY Prof. Robert Phillips 11:0()—American Institutions 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12 :00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—Mrs. Jewell Cox—pianist 1:30—^Story Time 1:46—Markets 2:00—Parade of Business 2:30—Magic Carpet 3 :00—Lafayette Music Society 3:30—Concert Review 4:16—Exponent of the Air 4:46—Story Book Hour
NY A Workers: Checks are now available at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. 2-27 —HOLLENSBE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Election of officers 4:30 p. m. Friday, February 23, in: Room 304 of UnioWi -Necessity for quorum requires attendance of all members possible. Pledging of any students, American or foreign, desirous of joining Cosmo Club. Members urged *to attend Baptist Foreign Student Banquet at 6:00 p. m. at Baptist Church. 2-28 —SHICKEL.
Senior Military: An examination will be given in Room 202 Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 27, for those students having a "C” grade in Military History and Policy. Students concerned will get a University Form 97 from the Adjutant’s Office and pay the required fee at the Registrar’s Office. —PICKERING.
Reamer Club: ’Tickets' for remaining basketball games will be distributed at banquet next Monday- night. Junior actives are expected to attend. All actives meet in Room 363 at 6:20 p. m., Monday, Februruary 26. 2-26 ARCHIBALD.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m., room 808, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY,
English and Speech Conditions: Bxaminations for removal of conditions in English and speech will he held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the Education building. -MILLER.
WAA Riflery: A list of class team members and class schedules is posted on the bulletin board of the Women’s Gym. The tournaments are Tuesday, February 20; Thursday, February 22; and Tuesday, February 27: shooting from 7 to 8:30 p. m. Attendance is required at two of these nights in order to wet WAA points and numerals. . -HARRISON.
Union Freshmen: All staff assignments are posted on bulletin board in Union office. —BRUBECK. (2-24)
Glenn MillerV Newest Platter TUHDO JUNCTION backed by Danny Boy BLUEBIRD No. 10612
The Foster Shop Aiitliortcail OMien RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS
Bast Side Square
CANADA DRY "‘" s Ginger Ale - Lime Rickey PUCE
Sparkling Xfater So Handy
Tom Collins
GRIN AND
IT
ByUclity
Cam 1040 by Onltcil Feature SynJIcute, InR S Re,, t). s. Pat. Oft.r-AU risbta reaerved
‘Mother! That’s so old fashioned the way you’re fixing it— this is 1940, not 19391”
Flying Club: Sixty cent expense fee from each member planning to attend the initiation “steak fry’’ Saturday, February 24 is due now. Pay to Littlefield or Habicht in the sweet shop any afternoon this week between 4 and 5 p. m. Thursday, February 22, is the absolute deadline. —HABICHT.
WSGA Counselors: All who received notices please call for your counselor’s notebook. (2-24) ■ —COIaLOGH.
Modem Dancers: AH modem dance people come to weekly rehearsal every Tuesday at 7 :16 p. m. Three practice periods scheduled at 4 p. m. Monday, Wednesday, and Thursday. All girls must report one of these days to be eligible for evening group. First meeting Monday, February 26 at 4 p. m. —KNIGHT.
—OSBURN. Senior Tactics: War department training on the “Tactical Employment of the Anti-aircraft Artillery Regiment’’ and “Machine Guns in the Attack’’ will be shown in room 104 of the Armory on Friday, February the 23 and February 28 at 4 p. as. Attendance for senior military students is optional; others interested are also invited. —THOMPSON. Gold Peppers: Meeting Monday, February 26 at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. Anyone not present will automatically forfeit their vote for pledges. Reamer, Gold Pepper dinner at 6 :60 p. m. MITCHELL. Foreign Students: All students planning to attend the Roger Williams Club Banquet, Friday, February 23, should meet at the W. Lafayette Baptist Church at'6:46 p. m. —WRIGHT.
HELD OVER THRU SUNDAY
PHONES 6915—6914
WITH THE
Open 9:30 a. m.—Continuous 75c Incl. Tax—No Seats Reserved Come Anytime Until 2:30 p. m. And See a Complete Show Eve. 8:00 p.m. All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax SUN. Mat. 2 p. m.—All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax GOOD SEATS AVAILABLE FOR ALL SHOWS LAFAYETTE
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY BP^ un cttHf LUSH BCIldlJ]
ilEOCARRILlO •TIM RKcT ^HOLT. STEW DUHA -Ara>—
EPWARD LAIPERSOH
MX W WI|K WltPWOW^H
. GKAND'ManONAL PICTtTlCE-
— ALSO —
-^11.>" ipp , BBOIICO
A Ph A: Important meeting Tuesday, February 27, at 4 p. m. in room 206 of the Pharmacy building. Be there I Co-ed Swimmers: Those entering the national telegraphic meet may practice Friday, February 23, from 4 to 5:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gym. —SPEARS.
Marriage Lectures: The last of a series of marriage lectures entitled "Reasons for a Successful Marriage’’ will be given Sunday, February 26, at 6:30 p. m. in the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Reverend Glejason will lead a discussion Of any questions. —FORD.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report on Saturday, February 24, by schools as follows: A-E, room 264 EE building; F-Le room 129 EE building; Li-R, room 201 CE building; S-Z, room 101 Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Co-op Venture: Change in schedule — Meese’s group for this week’s issue Twin Pines Rochdale Westminster, Meeae editor. (2-24) —ELY.
Mixed Recreation: Volleyball, shuffleboard, badminton, and ping-pong offered. Swimming ten cents for men, girls free. Friday, February 23, at 7:80 p. m. Everybody welcome. —MATHEWS. '
LUMA -TODAY-SATURDAY-
BQYEOBEES-
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
MAHS starts! tomorrow
MTIST... AVVtHTUKfUCOIMAN /ft/ay/ijio K/Pi/AfGS THE IIGHT IHMFMUD irith WALTER HUSTON IDA LUPINO • MURIEL ANCHEUIS^
-LAST TIMES TODAY— ■ / ■ JOEL McCREA NANCY KELLY — IK — 'He Married His Wife"
•Vv II
'<> i|
■<•'1
^ ' iJ“vm ‘ n r
23, 1^940
£xfu>niunL §ptfdA. fiaga.
Swiininiers Meet Huntington Y Team
Boilermakers Seek To Avenge
Earlier Season's Defeat Tonight
Coach Dick Papenguth’s varsity swimming team will defin-^-itely be out for revenge this evening as they face the Huntington Y tankmen in the Fieldhouse pool at 7 o’clock. Tl^e Y swimmeria chalked up a victory over the Boilermakers early in the seai^ion. The Riveters are banking heavily on Capt^i^n Johnny Graham and speedster Dick Kratzer to turn in scoring performances against the visiting mermen. T Ch^tnps -
Led by t’lyo national Y champs, the Huntington team is in a good spot to ring up another victory over Dick Papenguth’s men. Rudig, free style act, paced the visitors in their earlier conquest with firsts in the 220 and 440 free style events. Joe Dilly lived up to his championship rating by winning the backstroke event. Both of these men will be on hand to provide the biggest stumbling blocks in the path of a Boilermaker triumph. Although they boast a slight advantage by virtue of swimming in their home pool, the Riveter swimmers will find it tough going to keep up with the pace of the Y team. However, the Boilermakers, who have failed to make an impressive showing so far this season, are due to crash through with their second win. Illness and ineligibility
have literally ripped the squad to shreds. But, the sophomores, who have been improving rapidly pnder the tutelage of Coach Papenguth and the helpful experience of intercollegiate competition, should be about ready to give the kind of performances of which they are capable. Many of these swimmers have been turning in execllent times in practice, buk have failed to make good when the heat was on. Sophomore Stars Jack Carney and Dick Kratzer are the leading lights of the sophomore crop. These two have added to the Boilermaker score on several occasions. Tingley isn’t far behind, considering his performances in the breast stroke. Branner adds his strength to the Riveter dash combination.
WINNING TRICKS
You’ll say it’s the perfect loaf—Graves’ bread rich in wholesome goodness, because only the finest ingredients are used in making it.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities**
ti
'Snuodtij^ fianlSL.
coupled with
99
ti.
99
'^Confucius Say'’ A smart record to buy not a careless selection You’ll like Woody Herman’s Band the band that plays the "Blues” recording of these two hits—both on the same record too.
Smart Record Buyers Are Visiting Sears’ Record Dept. More Every Day
George Washington could not tell a lie. We are following his example when we say Sear’s Record Dept, has a complete stock of all late releases. Here are several outstanding recordings George knew nothing about. » KAY KYSER is the tad Who brings joy to your heart with these new releases. With the Wind and Rain in Your Hair Way Back in It)39 A. D. Indian Suhimer Do I Love You.? I Want My Mamma and Angel
Sears is the place to get what you want, when you want it.
2 North Third St.
Phone 4039
Wildcat Sprinhr
ChoIxJi
By Robert J. Deekard
Myron Piker, Big Ten sprint champ, will be one of Northwestern’s leading hopes for victory in tomorrow’s triangular meet in the Fieldhouse with the Boilermakers and the Hawkeyes. The Wildcat dashman won both the indoor and outdoor Big Ten sprint titles last year and took the Illinois Relays’ chapipionship at Champaign Saturday.
Sigma Pi Cagers
Class 'A' Champs
Emegmg victorious in an overtime battle. Sigma Pi won the class “A” basketball finals over Ward 24 by the score of 16-14. The half time score was 6-6 in Sigma Pi’s favor. Individual high scorers were Schoeff of Ward 24 who garnered seven points and Kersey of Sigma Pi who scored two baskets, one of which was the winning one, and a lone free throw. The score at the end of the regulation time was 14-14.
Underwear that doesn’t sneak up on you!
M any shorts seem to be made mostly of seams. Seams that ;iever let you alone. They saw and chafe—heckle you the whole day through. Not Arrow shorts! For Arrows have a , seamless crotch—a patented feature that means real comfort, joyous freedom. . Bid goodbye to underwear torture and try Arrow Shorts today. They’re Sanfor-ized-Shrunk, fabric shrinkage less than 1% —a wide range of patterns with either snap fasteners or buttons. 65c up. Tops 50c up.
ARROW UNDERWEAR
Complete line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S
In the Village
\ Badgers Optoiiiistic On
Eve Of Riveter Battle
Two great athletes entered a boxing ring Wednesday night at the Lafayette Armory to fight off the finals of the local Golden Gloves boxing tournament. . . . And only one man emerged from that ring to see another day. —^fc— These two great athletes were examined by o. .dials and ^Octors before they entered the ring to square off, each supposedly set to fight as normally, healthy men would in order to go to Chicago and meet other boxers of the country in the national Golden Gloves tournament.. —^fc— But the fates looked down upon these men, reached out, took one, and left the other . . . And a great fighter passed away, to be mourned by friends—enemies, alike. —^fc— Noble Hannon, a former University student in the agriculture school, and one of the greatest colored boxers to be entered in a Golden Gloves tournament, went with the fates, having passed away from purely natural causes. —fc— His affable personality, his smile, his good-natured ways, all will be missed, for Noble was a clean-cut gentleman, whose purpose in life was to make other people happy first and then himself. —fo— The other man who came out of that fatal bout was just as much a gentleman, a good sport, a cleanliver, a man, a sports lover . . . His sole purpose Wednesday was just to defeat Noble so that he might take that coveted trip to Chicago. —^fc— He went into that ring, and fought with Noble until he saw that the colored boy was losing ground . . . Realizing Noble was helpless, he refused to go any farther . . . Although he didn’t know the cause, he saw the effect of something he didn’t do and wouldn’t do.
Despite a pair of defeats which the Badgers suifered last week-end, a spirit of optimism dwells in the Wisretmsiii hard' wood camp as Coach Bob Foster primes the Badger cagers in preparatidn for their tomorrow night’s encounter with the league leading Boilermakers..
Two Close Ones The Badgers are well justified in their optimism on the basis of their highly creditable showing against Illinois and Ohio State, both of whom are tied for third place in the conference race in the past two games. Against Illinois the Badgers threatened until the final gun, finally dropping the game by a two point margin, 37-36. Two nights before the Badgers had given t^e Buckeyes a scare before the Ohioans could emerge victorious by a score of 41-35. In addition to the great improvement displayed by the Fostermen in the past week. Badger fans are further encouraged of a victory over the Riveters by the fact that the Badgers have always been dangerous opponents for the Boilermakers in the Wisconsin Fieldhouse. During the past five years, while the Boilermakers have always had a top-notch quintet, the Badgers have defeated the Riveters in three out of the five invasions of the Madison stronghold. One of the two Boilermaker victories was by the slim margin of a single point. Last year at Madison the Badgers won out over the Riveters by the hairline score of 32-20.
high scoring Captain Gene En^tmd, who is now fourth from the top in Big Ten scoring by virtue 6f the 81 points he has garnered in the first eight games. Teaming with Englund, who handles the pivot spot for the Badgers, are forwards Anderson and Epperson, and guards Rundell and Alwin. This quintet is ably bolstered by a crew of fast improving reserves headed by Schrage, Karp, Timmerman, and Scheiwe.
Meanwhile Coach Lambert and his conference leading Boilermakers are far from idle this week, as the Riveter coach has been attempting to bring the Riveter high speed offense to the level it had attained earlier in the season and which was responsible for the conquering of the first four conference foes which the Riyeters met in the current Hig Ten race. With Blanken back in top form after suffering a cut hand and injured hand in the rough Hlinois game, the Riveter aggregation is in top form this week in preparation of risking their precarious hold on undisputed first place against two such unpredictable teams as Wisconsin and Iowa.
York In Condition A final dash of optimism is added to the Badger’s hopes by the return to action of Claude York, shifty forward, who is at his best against the fast type of ball to be expected in the game tomorrow night. The South Dakota lad will be a big help in patching up the cavity in the Wisconsin attack left by high scoring forward Bob Schwartz, who was recently declared ineligible from second semester competition. I Although the team was allowed a few days of rest early in the week, the Badgers have been spending long hours during the latter part of the week both on offensive and defensive drill. Special attention has been given to methods of slowing down the Riveter attack to a speed to which the rangy Badgers can combat. It was the speed of the Boilermaker attack early in the season that was responsible for the sad showing of the Badgers as the Boilermakers hung up a 49-36 victory. At the helm of the Wisconsin attack during the current season is
Riveter Wrestlers
Meet Northwestern
Seeking their first Big Ten victory of the current season, the Riveter wrestling squad will invade Northwestern to meet the Wildcats in the initial engagement of a home and home series. The return matdi will be staged in the fieldhouse on March 2, following the Tndiana game.
Coach Reeck is shifting the lineup for the Wildcat encounter, moving Casey Fredricks, undefeated sophomore, in the 121 pound dass up to the 128 pound class and assigning Anderson to the 121 pound duties. Fredricks, Midwest AA.U. 121 pound champion, is undefeated in six dual meets this season.
Remainder of the probable Boilermaker line-up will be Linderman, 135 pounds; Papurca, 145 pounds; Captain Willey, 155 pounds; Camperman, 166 poimds, and Aronson, 175 pounds.
.~9'n tLe •
orma
{
Flowers will make any Formal a success
For those gaia nights when you dress for the occasion you'll be happy that your date -chose your corsage made to order by one of Cktrb's eaiperts. Bequtiful powers for a lovely lady.
527 Main
Phone S432, . -V 'i ./ S
. >.A* :v
■J^ , u
\ i I , i’ 4 ! w
\ I
m 'W'Ui^ii * Hj" aJI /„ -h. I , * .i-?J , , i V ^ ' I
J J
U( J
THE PDBDHE EXPONENT
But
Incidentally
By Serge While we wei e vainly waiting the other night, trying to get a call thru to WRH, we staited looking around the phone booth. You know, it's amazing what people do while they are talking to the'G. P. Charlie Standard’s advertising calendar had the most trouble, with all it’s O’s and D’s blacked in and an intricate design of arrows, wiggly lines, and cioss-eyed girls in one corner. Faithei down was a “Vote Progressive and go to heaven ?” left over from the last campaign. , And then theie’s those serial stories, added to by each succeeding occupant, such as: “Joe call Jean.” “Joe call Jean what?” “ . . . You can’t say that about a clean, sweet girl.” “You don’t know Joe, Bud.” “Well, jou don’t know Jean, and my* name isn’t Bud. ...” Here we come to the bottom of the calendar or we might be going yet We aie beginning to think that we have the Telephone Jinx. The booth may have been deseited all evening, but as soon as we get ready to use it, whango! — there’s a line of people fiom here to Leningrad waiting to use it — all ahead of us. Our chronic case of Bizzy-buss-itus has lately become acute. Now we even get buzzed when we dial the fiist “8 ” Oh well, we didn’t want the date anyway.
(Editor’s note A beautiful piece of rationalization, if w'e've evei seen one )
In a waj the Finns are really doing the Russians a good turn. After the Finnish snipers and machine gunners get to work, the Russians at last have a well drilled army. J The world is gi owing more cynical all the time. Only last Valentine’s day we were sure of it when we investigated what kind of valentines were being bought. No longer do they buy ones with lace and roses, and a verse overflowing (oozing) with sentiment. Instead
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Iiud«jr - W. E. Smith
Editor-iiMThlcf BtuincM Manaser
D. 6. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managingr editor; E. M. Antonini, senior adrertisingr man- ! ager; G. Schillinir, co-ed editor; R. Jenkihs, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director 1 Entered as second class matter at tba pest eAcw la Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress <ot Hareh t, 1879, and at the speolal rate ot postage proTidad (or in section 1103, act of October 8, 1817, autiuniaed Janoary M, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for IS 00 per year, mail aubscnption $8 60 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave, New York, N. Y. , Night Editor, Heiple Ass’t Night Editor, Sidwell Day Editor, CarroU Friday, February 23, 1940.
we see valentines with teddy bears, and little dogs, and kittens making love to each other all over the place. Example: A little boy teddy bear saying to a little girl teddy bear, “I just couldn’t Bear it if you won’t — (next page)—Be my valentine.” Touching, isn’t it?
Or even worse, was one captioned, “Listen, No Good, all ah wants from yo’ am—(next page)—Distance.”
Have you ever made a study of the Roman numbering systerfi? We were pointing out to our Mr. Henderr son only the other day that one can tell the fast manner in which they lived by studying their numbers. We said, pointing, “It’s well known that in Roman times, as now, and X was the symbol for a kiSs.” Our Mr. H. nodded dutifully. “It is also well known that 20 and 30 were spelled XX and XXX- At 50 they changed their tactics, a fact which has grave implications. After four X’s they raised L, in a strictly Roman way. * t Our gal has the Roman system beat by three X’s.
Bull Session
Dear Bull I don’t know who is in charge of the bowling alleys and I don’t particularly care. However, I do believe that the management could be improved in many ways. Yesterday afternoon a group of us were bowling. After we had bowled ohe frame, the person in charge came over and told us that we had a very short and limited time to finish our game in We had bowled exactly one frame It appealed that the Cary Halls had scheduled the alleys for that particular time. This is all right, but what I want to know is why this person did not inform us before we began to bowl that the alley had been reserved instead of waiting until we had hardly begun. Another improvement would be a time clock Undei the present system if one walks in when all the alleys are in use, he writes his name down on a slip of yellow paper to wait in Ime for an alley. However, there is the “skunk in the cellar” who always manages to sneak his name in between two other names and thereby receives an alley in advance of those who have been waiting. If a time clock weie installed and form cards provided, this action would be impossible. The bowler would fill in the caxd and the person in charge would stamp the time on the card. This would make it impossible for the chump to get in between. This system is being used at present in many of the large libraries of this coxmtry where all the books are in the stacks. —I. S.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Denial Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th 6 Main Phona S70I
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S . HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5e
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Tin Shop
john Baikema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY - QUALITY MILK Phorte 46214
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
Prices! Swept away by our desire to serve our customers with the highest quality foods at the lowest possible prices. Swept away by our desire to make new friends from among our casual acquaintances. Swept away for your benefit! Now, right this minute, NOT TOMORROW, is the time to come in and stock up on all the good things you will find always at Piggly Wiggly! Remember, it’s an ill wind that blows no one good . . . and the wind which blew Piggly Wiggly’s prices down was a Good Trade Wind for you!
Jbmlif JjcdL
LAST MINUTE CRAMMING . . . wth a sliderule in one hand, a cup of black coffee in the other, and a slight headache is not an unknown .quantity to many students. Some students who get behind in their work, for apy one of a number of reasons, take themselves in hand and do soiAe serious studying alone. Others cast about until they find a satisfactory tutor to help them catch up . . . for a price. The professor himself cannot be condemned merely because one of his students finds it necessary to hire a tutor. Even the winner of the Sigma Delta Chi Best Teacher Award cannot take time from other students to cram knowledge into a head which refuses to be taught for several months and then changes its mind. Neither has he time to do a great deal for the student who sleeps in every class, and then decides he wants to learn a month’s work on the night before an hour test. However, the student who feels that he must tutor is not necessarily dumb or lazy. Poor health, press of outside work or activities, and poor academic background give cause for tutoring just as much as actual neglect of work.
Friday. February 23. 1940 %
Attempts have been made by both Bte Kappa Nu and Tau Beta Pi to organize a central tutoring service, and the Student Senate is planning to complete the work which they started. There has long been a need for a bureau which would be readily accessible to both students seeking tutoring and other students who wished to offer their services as tutors. With this in mind, the Student Senate is or-^ ganizing a tutoring “clearing house,” for students who are having scholastic difficulties. This will be a strictly student enterprise, under the guidance of the Senate without the supervision of the teaching or administrative staffs. Registered students and graduate students may register as tutors, although instructors in the University will not be included. Instructors may continue to tutor as they have in the past, of course. The bureau will set a uniform charge of fifty cents per hour for tutoring, and pricefixing will be discouraged. Greatest difficulty in the proposed bureaa will be to keep the caliber of student tutors at a high level. The student paying 50 cents per hour for a tutor expects the tutor to really “know his stuff,” and does not want to pay hiB money merely for a study-partner who does not have the knowledge nor ability to tutor properly. We hope the Senate will require tutors to have such ability that both tutors and students will be satisfied with the results.
Men,
American’s Fine-Cleaning will make YOU STAND OUT! TRY It At THE NEXT PARTY. Call Us Now for Pick-Up!
«ie
Phone 30B5
For That Night Of Nights Ride to that dance in a Deluxe Cab. You may be sure that you will receive good, dependable service if you CALL 2151
Deluxe Cab
301 N. 5th Street
The Book that tells the story of-
Yes his time has come—at last he is a senior. Besides the large individual photographs of each Senior—there will be pictures of the Deans of the various schools and a page of interesting lab shots.
mo
0id>JUA, ComplaisL QampiUL QooaMupL
im