1+^
I ^‘^
.M>,
? fi'^
Roster Specifres Ciitical Activities Selective Service Directive Explains Student Deferments TO THE STUDENTS AND I^IEMBERS OF THE UNIVER-
SITY STAFF CONCERNED:
For your information and guidance, I quote below, excerpts from a directive from General Lewis B Hershey, National Director of the Selective Service System. ' - EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
CstabUshed 1889
i ^ * Roln til# Rufif
Volume 54, No. 30
West ^Lafayett'e, Jiuliaiia
§pa^h To Sjpeak Here tomorrow
frMay, July 17, 1942
NATIONAL HEADQUARTERS SELECTIVE SERVICE SYSTEM 21st Street and C Street, N. W. Washington, D C SUBJECT:SCIENTIFIC AND SPECIALIZED P^IRSONNEL PARTI 1. There are certain persons trained, qualified, or skilled in scientific and specialized fields who, if engaged in the practice of their respective professions, are m a position to perform a vital service in activities necessary to war production and in activities essential to the support of the war effort. PART II 1 The National Roster of Scientific and Specialized Personnel has certified to the Director of Selective Service that in activities necessary to war production an'd in activities essential to the support of the war effort, there ar certain “critical occupations” which for the proper discharge of the duties involved require a high degree ^of training, qualification, or skill in scientific and specialized fields The critical occupations in these scientific and specialised fields are as follows.
Potter Will Head National Patent Planning Commission
Lecturer Will Discuss ^Music For Fun*
As a part of the regular series of summer convocations and in conjunction with its fourth annual music festival, the Urn-
Dr A A. Potter, dean of engineering at the University, has been appointed executive di- versity will presppt Dr Sigmund Spaeth, writer musician lecrector of the National Patent Planning Commission, according to an announcement received turer and well-known “tune detective”, in the Music Hall toyesterday from the office-of Dr Charles F Kettering, chairman of the organization morrow evening The first half hour of the program which Dean Potter has been taking an active part in war work as it applies to engineering, and begins at 7:30, will be devoted to the presentation of the winsince 1940 he has been chairman of the national advisory committee on war training in en- ners of the various competitive classes of the music festival gineenng, science and management contests and a short address .
The Patent Planning Commission was organized last December to study means of utiliz- by Dr Hernane Travares de mg new patents and methods to stimulate production and employment after the war The Sa, Brazilian educator .and
Geophysicists Industrial Managers Mathematicians Meteorologists Naval Architects Personnel Administrators Physicists, including Astronomers Psychologists Statisticians
Accountants Xlhemists Economists Engineers: Aeronautical Engineers Automotive Engineers Chemical Engineers Civil Engineers Electrical Engineers Heating, Ventilating, Refrigerating and Air Conditioning Engineers llfarine Engineeis Mechanical Engineers Mining and Metalluigical Engineers including Mineral Technologists Radio Engineers Safety Engineers Transportation Engineers—Air, Highway, Railroad, Water (See SELECT^IVE SERVICE, page 4) Too Much Corn , . . Student War Council Appoints Committee To Get Detasselers
Brazilian Will Begin Three Day Visit Tomorrow Dr. de Sa To Speak At Convocation
commission was ordered by the President to make a comprehensive study and survey of the patent system and to determine whether it is providing the maximum service m encouraging inventions and whethei its efficiency foi that pm pose can be inci eased Membeis of the commission weie chosen in accordance with the Pies-
By A1 Kimball Since theie a*' a shoitage of coin dp tasseieis m Indiana this summer, Uruveiaity students will have a chance to help the agiicultuial pro giam and also pick up a little poeket money on the side Thiec hybrid seed companies in the vicin ity aeport that with so many men entering the aimed services the de niand foi workers will far exceed the present supply A Student War Council appoint ed eommittee composed of Chuck Knote, chaipman, Harry Hudson and Bud Hofei, will handle enlist ment of labor on the campus The woi k of the committee will be under the supeiwision of the Indiana Em ployment Service, which is handling the state wide search for replace ments » To Work Seven Days A Week Working hours for those who take part will be from appioxi matcly 1 to 7 any afternoon includ ing Saturdays and Sundays Workers will be paid between 36 and 40 cents per hour spent in the field No previous training is needed to enter the project A girl will be posted at a desk on the mam floor of the Executive Building each afternoon from 1 to 6, starting next week Students who arc mterestbd are urged to turn in their schedules of classes and a list of then afternoon time oft as soon as possible Students who sign up will be notified a day m advance when then ^eiviqes 41 e desued Trans!noi,t8,tiion Fdrnished Truck transportation will be fur nibhed to workers by the seed com panic s involved The student will be notified where the trucks will load and unload at the time he is called for work The companies prophesy that 1, 100 extras will be« needed at the peak of the season, which is expect ed to covei about the hist two weeks of August Workers will be needed, howexei, over a six week period starting next week Students who put in time m the fields de-tasaehng toi n will be helping out by replacing men who have gone to serve m the armed forces of the United States
Tau Kappa Alpha Sponsors Debate
Tomorrow noon Dr Hernane Ta vaies dc Sa Brazilian educator and journalist will arrive on campus after a visit to Indiana University In the evening Di de Sa will start his three day visit by speaking briefly at the Sigmund Spaeth con vocation which will begin at 7 30
in the Music Hall
Sunday Dr De Sa will talk to the residents of Cary Halls and he will also speak at a special luncheon meeting of the University Agiicul tural Staff Monday on “Brazilian American Eelations ”
lo Visit Classes
Dr de Sa will make a toui of several classes on Monday He will
inspect the chemistry laboratory at 1
9 a m, a biology class at 10 a m and the Agricultural Extension Building from 11 to 12 noon When Dr de Sa has completed his tour of the University, he will leave for the University of Chicago Di de Sa is on a tour of a num ber of American educational insti tutions for the double puippsc of lecturing about Brazil and other southern hemisphere nations and gathering material for a book on North America to be written Portuguese He is traveling on a fcl lowship given by Westminster Col lege of hulton, Mo and is a pi o
War Council Announces USO Returns
Student Drive Nears $400 Goal
journalist, who is visiting the
campus this week-end
Ghmaxmg the musical festival, the winners in the vocal, baton twirling, instrumental and choral classes will perform at the convocation before receiving their awards These contestants will represent the state in the annual Chicagoland music festival to be
held later this summer
Shortly after 8 o’clock Dr Bpaeth
Dean A
Potter
The commission was empowered qqq mark to asceitain to what extent the gov ’
ernment should assist in stimulat ing inventive cffoit in normal times and to consider means for promot
r C* I f'x I X educational biology on the inventions and discoveries to
for Speech Students of the university of Sao Paulo, de Sa is also representing commission also has the job
of deciding whether there are ob structions in the patent laws which hinder then proper functioning and (See DEAN POTTER, page 4)
Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic hon orary, will sponsor a debate Thuis day July 30, in Fowler Hall at 7 30 p m in order to give students tak mg Speech 14 a chance to make out the required report Anyone inter ested in the debate is invited to at
tend
The topic for the debate will be ‘ Resolved that a congressman who was an isolationist before December 7 1941 should be le elected to Con giess in the November election ” The four students composing the team are Faith Wayne, Bob Weiss, Jean Fountaine and George Zissis Tau •Kappa'' Alpha recently spon sored a panel discussion concerning the university student and the war eftort The discussion covered the various ways that the students could help the war by entering into specified extracurricular activities Pi Tau Sigma mechanical engineering hon orary fraternity announces the pledging mf the following men K L Baker, R^ H Ball, B 0 Barth, r L Biandau C Callahan, M W Carbon E T Caiiaro, J M Coombs, L A Crews, J A Gentles, C/ F Hagenmaier, H H Helms, M F Homfeld, A L Hubbard, E M Lcwiecki, C W Lewis, J Mogaveio, C F Pehce, R E Pmkham, J W Pur man, W E Rafeit H F Stem inetz, E F Stoekmgei, R E Wag
nei
the institutions of his native land
while on the tour
Author Of Good Neighbor Book Dr de Sa, recognized as a close student of international affairs is a regular contributor to leading Brazilian papeis and is the author of the book “Deai Neighboi Here Is Brazil ” which is now widely
read in this country
Reservations for the Agiieultural staff luncheon meotinp which Di de Sa will addicss may be obtained at the Agricultural Extension office with Mrs Mabel L Hailen NYA Bulletin Unofficial word has reached us that the NYA Program may be continued on a reduced scale All undergraduate men students interested in work on NYA projects are advised to call at the Personnel Office for applications at
once
1 Women may secure application blanks at the office of the Placement SeiMce for Women If, and when, an allotment has been officially assigned to the Unlverslt^, applicants mil be no-
tified
—NYA COMMIITEE
Civilian Protection School To Give Public Performance Tonight
Pharmacy Institute To Hold Seminar Here This Month ’
Plan To Honor Notod Apothecary
American Institute of the History of Pharmacy will hold its second
«„ii u <in<r annual seminar July 27 and 28 at
Totals just released by ^ the University The institute was
„ , „ I^un —a subject drarwn from his , . Ralph Deuster, chairman of abservations and experiences as a L
the Student War Council, show composer, author of several books ^ istory o
r-i, 4- „ ffooo o>7 on music, 1 adio ehtertamer, and ex-
that a total of $383 97 has peit m law-smts involving infringe- Lecturers from fields other than been received in the recently ment of copyii^t or musical pia Pha*'™aey have been invited to parheld USO drive on the campus, Thioughout the program honof thr20ffiffi
Spaeth will lesoit to the piano m 200th anniversary cf the
With PIA returns as yet in- tracing popular and classical num- birth of Carl Wilhelm Scheele, noted complete This is slightly short hers to their source and showing the ^Po^he^iy All sessions will be held
of the $400 goal set for stu- "P f
among musical melodies Nebraska Dean To Speak Appears Frequently In Court Leading speakers will be Dean
The report indicates contri- Although starting as a hobby, Rufus A Lyman, Dean of Phar- , , » „ ^ TT 11 tbis tune investigating has provid- macy at the University of Nebraska butions as follows: Cary Hall, ^ American JoumM $150 00, Women’s Residence nal for his lectures, broadcasts, of Pharmaceutical Education, Dr Hall $70 00 Student’s Coop- writings and motion pictOies, and George Urdang, director of the ’ ’ his specialized knowledge on the Ameiican Institute of the History crative Association, $21 00 J subject has often brought him into of Pharmacy which is located at fraternities, $116 63, and sororities, the law couitsi Madison, Wisconsin, and one of the $8 50 With PIA returns rncom Spaeth, as a rule appears in leading phannaceutical historians, , , u 1 1. u 4. J court foi the defendant, for he Dean Glenn Jenkins and Professor plete, the balance contributed is , , , r- n t i, .i. j: ..i. tt
claims that it is laiely that a plain L O Lee, both of the Univeisity, tiff has a just case He successfully ^and Dean B V Christensen, presi-
T R Johnston, University Pub- defended Sigmund Romberg in a dent of the American Pharmahcity Diiectoi announced today case involving “Thq Desert Song” ceutical Association and Dean of
and has also appeared in defense of Pharmacy at Ohio State
„ , , , , , , J .v Johnny”, “Play, Fiddle, Play” Members of the faculty of the of which he is head, has passed e ^ numbei of other well known School of Pharmacy, giaduate and
song hits ^ undergraduate students of pharPnneeton Graduate nracy, and all others interested are Srnce ohtarnrng hrs Ph D degree mvrted to attend the sessrons at Prmceton he has held numerous ______________________
positrons as both a literary and mu sic critic for music publishers and magazines At various times he has served as music critic for Esquire, McCall’s and the Literary Itogest, and hrs articles have appeared in
Following foimal approval of Scrivener’s, New Yorker plans by the War Department and and Saturday Evening Post the Univeisity the training of 100 ^he doois of the Music Hah will Univeisity students as oidnance of at 7 p m , students will be ad fieeis will begin at the opening of upon presentation «f thmr the fall semester August 31, the Passports while season ticket hold Mihtaiy department announced yes- Present then cards Single
i^cnt’s requirements that they be ‘familiar with the problems of sci
ence industry agriculture labor that the Tippectinoe County drive,
and the consumer”
Advanced Military Students To Become Ordnance Officers
Coed Notice Women students expecting to leave town the week-end of July 24, 25 and 26 most have special out of town permission letters from their parents These letters should be sent directly to the housemother’ in charge of the
residence
—AWS Judicial Board
teiday
The training of men for the oxdnance blanch of the Aimy will be
Piotectionfiomincendiaiybombs /he students being
of all kinds will be explained and
nstiucted as field aitillery officers
admission tickets will be sold at the
door for 50 cents plus tax Order Of Zouaves
renionstrrted’to‘the publm'tonight will mean even wider oppor announces the election of the at 7 45 at the Umveisity’s test boys em oiled in the following pledges foi the summer . 1 nniiv. rtf Prtoe Ario Univcisity engineeiing schools, semestei F R Pieice, R C Booth, tube ‘settlement north of Ross Ade j ^ ^ j ^
Stadium The demonstration will be Army omceis staieu in connection with the thud Ci Military Training Required
vilian Protection 1 raining School Since the establishment of the
Debris Snapshot Contest Entries Due Friday
Entries for the July Debris snap-
Pitts, P M Prass, J L Liland, shot contest which was opened to H B Beach, W F Biadt, C V increase interest in Debris and
1, u 4- 4- a ivrrt.,rio„ of fUrt TTn, , , Graft, L A Bookwalter, W R lighten the work of the photography which started Monday at the University, military training has Qommel, G A Fielden, H S But staff must be handed m by Friday ^isity, and the show will be under been required for all men for then q j Meyer, C F Oistadt, W A $3 prize will be awarded for theduectionotLt Col W A first two years Those who desire q Simpson, M A Tuttle, E E the best scenic picture and the best ston, who IS m charge of the tram- ^ become commissioned officeis in Stephenson, J W Sims, G H Chris- shot of the campus in action at the
the aimed seivices upon graduation tena, R K Hariison and D M Hoff end of July and another set of prizes
may take advanced military woik
To Demonstrate Methods
A watei mam has been lun out to This yeai theie are 375 enrolled the settlement from Northwestern advanced military training, all Avenue and firemen and instiuc field artillery Theie weie more tors will actually demonstiate the than 600 students who applied in coned and the wiong ways of put- ^pjjj the extia woik, but beting out files staited by incendiary (.^use of budget limitations no more bombs and other explosive ma than the 375 could be accommo-
tciials c^^^ted
The show will include demonstia- n t:-
, „ Chosen From Engineers tions on the 'extinguishing of in
cendiaiy bombs with sand, water. Under the new program, instead
of the entire group of men being
the
WRH
wifll hold a ladio dance to night liom 8 30 to 11 30 for WRH club membeis and guests m the Noith Hall Rpcieation room The dance will be a joe dance and le fieshments will be seived Ginny Goss, social chaiiman of Wood Hall, IS in charge of arrangements
Principals Enroll
In Annual Workshop
Dr George E Davis, of the di
vision of education and applied and commercial extinguishers, put n xc psychology, is in charge of the an ting out incendiaiy flies in attics tiamed as artillery officeis, nual workshop for high school piin of vai.bus types, the effect of a 100 will specialize m ordnance cipals, which opened at the Uni thermite bombs on a three story rn the manufacturing, care, versity Monday and will be con building (a three story structure piocuiernent of all ordnance tinned tliiougli next week Ivveiity hrs been built ioi the puipose), ‘Equipment These students will be men aie enrolled efleets of oil and phosphorus bombs chosen from the engmfeeiing boys Problems of secondary school ed examples of thermite burning under who apply for the positrons ucation and yrstiuetion are dis water and under oil, opdlation of Though a majority of the men cussed 111 the couise Oft campus a ceiling spunkier system, and the will he chosen for the fall term, speakers melude Dr Paul Remus, proper methods for extinguishing seveial vacancies will be left foi the supeimtendent of schools at Lake meendiaiy bombs with equipment following teim when the complete wood, Ohio available in the home. quota can be accommodated
Engineering, Science August Graduates The General Electric Convpany suggests that they will be glad to have application, blanks frOm aii August graduates, even though they plan to go into the Service They will hold these forms permanently so that the record will be on file in case men wish to apply after the war. As General Electric will be here July 22 for interviews, please tome to the Personnel Office by 3 00 p m Monday, July 20, to fill out the application hianfcs. At the same time you may arrange for a personal interview, if you desire it W E Vogler Director of Personnel
wjJI given^at the end of August
Possifcde Ihrize Of $6.50
Winners who have already purchased a Debris Will have their money refunded along with the prize This will make a total pos-
sible prize of $6 50
All entries must be submitted by the 17Hi of each month Anyone except juniors and seniors on the Debris staff IS eligible to enter the contest, and each entrant may sub- ' mit any nuipbei ot pictures Debris Claims Negative The name and address of the contestant and the subject and division of each picture must he written on the back ot the print All photos must be glossy prints not less than X 414 inqhes in size and not more than 4x6 inches in svse The Debris has claim on the negative of any entry submitted \Purdue Exponent ' Offices: Editorial and Business/ Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 ' Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Nf«s Editor MnnBRinir Editor Sliorts Editor Bu«mcss Mannircr CirmlBlion Mannicer Coed Editor
John F. Amoa Don T. Brophy John H. Armatrone Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice ChatBeld
Publication Staff i Associate Editors Editorinl Staff: R W Boiwinkle, U E Bntz. W. G. Hoskina, ! A r UmiUr P W. Ochiltree, W. E. Ratert. Sports Stair II E Brewer. J S Dawson, E L. Karpick. CSied. Staff: Sallj Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. ifdtcrtisinR Managers: J M Wright, D. L. JohnaoB. Circulatirtn Manager; G H Klouman. Aceounts Manager: Tiena Torrenga. _ i Junior toed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Ketm.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Hoskins Sporta Editor; Dawson Editor: Beall Issue Editor: Kimball Reporters- Fawcett, Marion, Murphy. Jordan, Votik, Vegh, MilKr Huo'^on
Fnlcrid a't '^ccond clas*^ matter at the post office in Lafayctu liidiana, under the adt of Coftgrrees of March 8, 1879, and at llu ■'Ptinl rat*’ of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Ottohi.r 3, 1917. authorized January 20, 1922. PubliAed on \\ulm fn^ Tridav and Sunday mornings during the summ* r bcnu^atcr and daily except Mondav during the fall and V nttr Delivered locally by carrier for $1.26 for '^umpi r ‘semester, mailed subscription $1 50 Riprtsinttd for national advertising by National Advertian^u^ S«.r\ue Inc College Publishers Representatives, 420 MH(li‘-on A\c, New York. N Y
'omen.
Omicron Nu
Sponsors
in 'th6 Vygr Contest
Home Economics Department Solves Problems For Hoosier Housewives
By Jean Lauer \
From housewives to school girls, from large towns to the smallest village, letters *request-
Plans are under way for the training of 330 pri- Posters entered in the contest ing aid in some home problem pour into our home economics institution. Some are typewritvates in addition to the 440 officer candidates of the sponsored by Omicron Nu, home gome written in pencil. Some state their problems concretely, others ramble on almost WAAC. They will be recruited immediately from the economics honorary organization, ’ ' nnt.hptieallv all receive the .
Ninth CorpSj Area, comprising eight Western States, be used by the Physical Fitness and will be trained at Port Des Moines to take over Committee ' of the Student War
Lions Club Chooses Louise Rubenkoenig As Representative
jobs such as clerical work, cooking, operating mimeo- Council for campus display. The graphs and motion-picture projection. subject- for this poster contest is A cotton gabardine uniform, two-piece and single- “Nutrition in 'Defense.” breasted, will be worn by the members Of the WAAC. Any freshman in the'University With it will be worn a mercerized cotton shirt and a is eligible to submit a poster to four-in-hand tie of the same khaki color. The pap compete for prizes of $1.50, $1.00
has a semi-stiff crown and recalls those worn by and $.60. All posters should be given Louise Rubenkoenig, freshman in
French army officers. Miss Baird in the Applied De- special science school, was chos- clothing and textiles, or teachGoddess of Victory Motif Building on or before July 23- gn by the Lion’s Club to serve as a jng) which can best answer , 7 ,
A1 posters must be on 14 inch .utionai conven- 4.1, i,i a
.. .n L..U u ...til hostess at the mtei national conven tbe questions asked. A competent Sunday. There are 30 cpulp^tis
pathetically ... all receive the same degree of care and con-
sideration.
They are delivered to the office of Dean Mary Matthews, who assigns them to the department (ihstitutional management, foods and nutrition.
Mixed Doubles
Teams Must Play Match
First matches
tho mix^d
Pallas Athene, the goddess of victory, has supplied , 7, , , , TRn.r ■..rill , -
the motif for the WAAC insignia. A cut-out in gold- ^ '"JT T n^inTlUv npJtnTcs Toronto, Canada, on July instructor tries to solve the prob- ^ ^ colored metal of her head and helmet will be worn on ^ suitability to purpose. The , p sponsored by the physical fitnhss each lapel of the officer’s uniform. Cut-outs of “U. S.” . . the contest will be an- International Pres- swer already, she works upon it un- eonjj„ittee, Intrkmural Dcpartmeflt trim the collar. nounced later. Their decisions will ^^^^ard L. Paine, is from til she has reached a satisfactory promote interest At least 60,000 nurses will be needed by the Service j,g final. Michigan City, Indiana was called answer. tennis on the campus. Nursing Corps this year and to offset this loss to Coeds taking Applied Design provide six hostesses for gome of the most inteijsting Award Two Trophies civilan care at least 76,000 students nurses must be courses may enter posters in the convention. problems are those which find their trophies will be awarded, by enrolled for training. There are not enough trained contest as A project for one of their Drew From Hat way to Elizabeth Roseberry, pro- Council, through the physnurses in this country, and to make up for this glasses, it was announced by the Members of each local club placed lessor of textiles. f j^^uess committee. One will go lack the Red Cross is attempting to recruit 100,000 Applied Design department. the names of their daughters in a Trouble With Cleaners ^fie coed, and one to the boy, volunteer nui ses’ aides and a large number of auxil- Op the committee in charge of the hat and drew one out. The lucky From Goshen came a plea for in- winner. s iary nurses. contest are Calista Creel, chairman, girl then campaigned at the state formation about sizing of silk, wool. Varsity courts are open each eveShoe Colors Limited in Canada and Dorothy Arvidson and Roberta convention at Anderson in June for and spun rayon materials. The ning for those who want to play off
Navy Lassies Not to be outdone by the Army and the WAAC, now training 440 women officers and beginning the recruiting of privates next JIoncLiy, the Navy has asked Congress for a similar feminine contingent. During the discussion of the bill several objections have been made in both houses of Congress. One of the most recent complaints is from Representative Beverly M. Vcncent of Kentucky, who believes that girls arc more experienced at “Putting on lipstick and looking in mirrors” than anything else. ''We agree with Representative Vencent that the gills are probably more experienced in this art than they are in tying square knots. In lact, most of them are so experienced that they need only a few minutes a day to keep ujj the morale of both men and women with a litilc lipstick. The remaining hours might v,ell be spent in serving Uncle Sam. - The huge 'number of volunteers who applied for the V/AAC officers’ training school is a good indication of the eagerness of the girls to do their part in any task that is given to them. Some Congressmen have suggested that the jobs which are proposed for the sea lassies could be performed by World War I veterans of older men. But why not leave these men in industry where many of them hold skilled jobs instead of ti’aining them to do routine N-tuy work and training the girls to do the skilled jobs? There is so great a shortage of skilled labor on production lines at the present time that ollicials are calling for all available man power. ^^’olnan power can help win the war, too. It can be utilized not only by industry, which 15: beginning to see the possibilities, but also by the Army in the WAAC, and by the Navy in a women’s auxiliary reserve.—a. c. Coeds Will Stay ‘ Yesterday we heard a rumor concerning the fact that girls were not going to be allowed at I'urdue for the duration—starting this coming fall. Obviously the place to get the matter straightened out was at Dean Stratton’s and ProfcN^sor Hockema’s offices. So over there we V ent with a lot of curiosity and a determination to get to the bottom. The first thing we found out was that school will continue as usual with approximately the same number of coeds as before. Already 217 girls have been admitted as fieshmen, and there are 11 new transfers. Ormniing the 50 coeds who entered in May, the enrollment of new girls is only a few short of that at the corresponding time last suminti'. Authorities expected a small drop, because the availability of jobs to high school graduates. They can make enough money to convince them that college is only a waste of time. However, there are a limited number of thb.se un.skilled jobs. /Profes.sor Hockema stressed that the Science and Home Economics schools would be more important than evqr now as the demand for workers (and they will have to be girls) in these fields is at a premium, and will keep increasing during the war. Girls should realize that they arc being more patriotic by learning what too few know at the present, than by doing work which can be filled by any unskilled workman. ' ether stray statements such as “the Home Ec school is to be transferred to another uniV( rijity” and “Purdue will be entirely turned over to a naval training school immediately” are completely unfounded and ridiculous. Students are urged to refute all such anonymous rumors, and they should wait until an official notice is issued from the president’s office be-
WRH, Cary Hail To Vie For Bridge Honors Ten couples will compete in the
the piivilege of going to Toronto. District 25B, which Lafayette is in, elected Louise and Baibaia Huey, from Pendleton. Girls from the other two districts are Jean Holland, Bloomington; Joan Rossebo, Indiana; Rosa Blackwell, New
Wesley Foundation
Under the provisions of a newly-passed wartime Kessler, regulation order in Canada, women’s shoes will be restricted to seven colors, town brown, golden tobacco, turf tan, blue tan, bluejacket, kona red, black
and white.
Since no more silk stockings can be obtained from America, the usual source, merchants of Benoni, South Africa, report that the South African girls are
hoarding silk stockings so that^they will not have to and"final round of the bridge appear in lisle hose or bare legs. tournament between WRH and After a Hartfoid factory ordered all women em- Cary Halls which will be held in
ployees to wear slacks, in the interest of safety, a the WRH grill Monday evening at ... will sponsor a swimming group of the plumper workers protested to the State seven. Prizes of defense stamps will party tonight between 7:30 and Labor Department. The depaitment will send an in- fie awarded to the highest couple 9:30. Those who are interested aie vestigator to the plant “to see if it is not possible from WRH and the highest couple asked to meet in front of the Ficldto obtain a happy blending of esthetics with factory from Cary Halls. house. After the swim the party safety”. Duplicate bridge is being played will go to the Foundation for a Community Canning in East in the tournament, and anyone who song-fost and refreshments. Ten In a barn on the Eldon Bisbee estate in Bedford plays was eligible to enter. The cents will be charged to cover the Hills, New Yoik, the Victory Gardens Cannery, Inc., tourney was arranged by Ed Single, lefreshments. The public is invited
a laige community canning organization, lecently of Cary Hall. to attend.
•began operating. A goal of 200 two-quart jars a day
has been set by the workers. The canneiy intends to preserve 10,000 quarts of food, to be given without charge to four public schools, a hospital and a philan-
thropic home for children.
The Army recently gave golden-winged insignia of service to 116 women volunteers of the Auxiliary Aircraft Warning Service in New York. Lieut. Col. Davis Graves, New Yoik legional commander of the
woman who wrote the letter had their matches. Scores of the matchsent several garments to the clean- es are to be recorded at the west
ers and “when they were returned desk in the Union, they looked as though they had been First Match Players
washed and no sizing whatever left Players in the first match are in them.” Miss Roseberry advised Bond and Smith vs. Kinder and that light-colored washable gai’- Richey, Picha and Fox vs. J. Wolff
Haven, and Sara Jane Jerard, Gary, ments be sized with starch, while and Graves, Fadale and Weber vs.
darker garments of silk and rayon Emerson and Goss, Gray and Walkbe made stiffen by the use of gelatin.' er vs. Turner and Ford, Stohrer and She told how to make and apply the Steigeiwald vs. H. Allen and Rus-
gelatin solution.
Curtains Full Of Holes
A problem requiring more research work came in a couple of months ago fiom a woman from Fowler. She stated: “I have rayon marquisette drapes, curtains, and dressing table skirt. Yesterday I found all of them full of holes like enclosed sample. The same is a piece of skiit that was next to an outer
sell, France and France vs. Lenninger and Evens, Krivka and Faustkih vs. Elfvin and Bell, "Gelford and Bucchclc vs. Simon and Monteith, Shrimer and Worsley vs. Bouton and Bouton, Wolf and Platt vs. Powell and Scoville, Pettit and Luber vs. Rodgeis and Gee, Dudzinski and Dariow vs. Collins and Ver Hoeven, Horton and Barsori v^. Knotc and Vaughan, and Armstrong
Dietitian’s Job Takes Training, Versatility
wall. However, the curtains have and McCi eery vs. Johnson and Can-. holes larger and smaller at different field- For the first match Stettner
and Cooper and Schuber will bye. ^ Fibers Were Chewed ■
Miss Roseberry examined the School 'requested infm-mation “on sample of layon marquisette under chscovory, the manufacture, and the microscope and found that at ^ges of layon.” She was .sent a the edge of the holes the fibers jjgf. „£ companies to whom she could looked as if they had been chewed, for the desired material and To substantiate this belief she sent given the name of the best text on
Although the training required is long and not altogether
First Fighter Command, pinned the emblems on the easy, womeSn who finish the four years in college preparation and one year of intemeshlp required for qualification for mem- the sample to the entomology "de- the subject. bership in the American Dietetic Association can be almost partment. After an examination -p^c attention paid to all these' certain of getting a job and getting one quick. h reported that the maiks letters establishes the University Dietetics is a comparatively new field, its name having ^ Home Economics School as one of
come into being only forty years ago; but it now has expanded from only one branch,
saying that their work was extremely important, be cause if New York were attacked it would be thiough
the air.—m. j. 1.
ganizations.
Hospital Work Oldest
Hospital work, which is the oldest, is also the most booming di-
hospital work, to other divisions including college and university food service, commercial food work, public school
Hey, lookee here what Friday saw! Flea Hyde lunchrooms, philanthiopic institu(KAT) on (Pi Kappa Phi) Bill Badgers lap in the fjons, nutrition research, nutrition Debris office. They had lots of work to do, and advice in industrial plants, doctors’ there s nothing like cooperation (it sez here). consultants, public health and wel(Chi O) Kay Heitniann and (Sig Ep) Cliff Eriksen fare and positions in the home ecoreally make a lugged-looking couple. Why can t nomics departments of business or-
things proceed in his] direction, Kay ?
The Sig Chi plantation is still in the news. This time with Jo Meyer. Jo seems to have an interest fiom Indiana U., Mary Carson, Tri Delt, is the lucky
girl!
Friday has had complaints that dates are becom-
ing too strenuous and far too energetic for (Chi 0)
Ruth Walker and Don Brophy of the Skull House. , ^ ,
After their show date on Monday last, Ruth slept all next day in class, and Don was a complete physi-
cal wieck dozing over his books in the “lib”. The lovers in the Delta-Shelta aie operating again.
King Koch parted with his badge, and Suzanne Clark
took it for her own. Good goin’ fiiends! What would summei be without that big vitamine
“B” around? But Lcs Woelke, of the Beta lodge, had a sad time last Satuiday trying to lick the front sidewalk for what he spilled. It is rumored that the brothers waded knee-deep in the amber liquid. How
about you, Les, can’t you hang on to a bottle ?
insect. service setters of the state, and Having thus determined the na- gfiows that, in addition to being A ture of the destruction force, Miss fi-aining giound for future house-
Women Need Hats For Health, Beauty About 1404 the first so-called modern hat made its appearance in Paris. It took the French some time to adopt the head covering, and it finally gained public acceptance about 40 years later. Throughout the centuries since this time women have worn hats to add dignity to themselves, to awe and infuiiate husbands and to cieate envy in
Roseberry advised the woman about
how to destroy the insect. Chewing Gum Stiffener
Anothei letter asked for a method of removing perspiration odor. Along with this answer Miss Roscbeiry answered the woman’s request foi a method of mixing gum arable to stiffen a crocheted basket. A senior from New Castle High
wives and career women, the home cc school renders statewide serv-
vision the piesent time due to the female fiiends and enemies. This great demand 'by Army hospitals bungs us to the question ... aie
for dietitians. These dietitians may hats necessary ?
fore spreading any gossip.
It would be a credit to the .students of Purdue, and a great load olf of the minds of those
ing centers in the United States, or they may be sent abroad as weie many dietitians during World War I. At least one University giaduate, Mary Frances McLaughlin, has
bben sent to Australia. Dietitians In Industry
Another growing field foi dietitians is in the large factoiies and industrial centers. Here the dietitian
gives nutritional advice to the woik- avoid dirty hair and scalp,
men and their families, and she may have also the responsibility for a
plant cafetcfia.
The dietitian’s job is not a simple thing. Not only must she be a high-
Hats seive women in two ways, one aesthetic and one functional. Imagine what a sight you’d be if you didn’t wash your face oftenei than once a yeek. Yet hair specialists toll us that the hair should not be washed moic often than this, because the natural oil of a healthy head of hair traps diit like fiy paper. The answei is to keep the hair covcied when out-of-doors to
LUMA
TODAY,- SAT.
. 2 HITS
MARJORIE WOODWORTH GEORGE GiVOT in FLYING WITH MUSIC — Plus ■—
. .1 ■ . . . trained scientist, but she must in authority, if University eds and coeds also be an executive, a financier and would not tell false statements. It is a simple an administrator; for she fiequentmatter to ask a reliable source the truth of chaige of the entire any rumors that are heard; and in times like d®paitnicnt of a large institun- i-v, 11 ^ 1 , tion. It naturally follows that she these it is vital that people learn to take must also be a good cook herself and rumors in their stride with a big grain of be able to handle employee piob-
salt. lems.
After facts are learned which are straight Recognition by the American Diand from an authoritative source, students Association now requires of
A J1 • I all young workers a bachelor of bci-
umf ^ number one enco degiee with credits in chemThere is no chance that education for girls istry, biology, social sciences, eduwill be stopped at Purdue at the present time, cation, food preparation, nutrition and the Executive Committee has no such institution management.
The year of inteineship, which is required in all except a very few cases, may be served in one of the sixty recognized hospitals, three or four cafeterias or the Boston Food
Clinic.
Marriage
... of Miss Margaret Burrows, If you find electric fans are scarce this summer, of the Home Economics School, and consider that the copper from a dozen such fans is Nathan Gage, of the educational deenough to provide all the copper needed in fabricat- partment, was announced recently, ing a 20 mm aircraft cannon to make it hot for the The couple are at home at 117 State Japs and Nazis. Stiqet.
scheme planned for the duration.”—c. f. h.
Two handbags for the pi ice of one are now being offered by the local stores. One is a man sized affair, and with it comes a junior size which fits into the larger bag. The small edition may be used for carrying a comb, compact and lipstick when the larger one
seems too much of an armful.
MMieitt TODAY and SATURDAY
"miMj' thOM ihnting XAV FRANOS WALTER HUSTON
I uif^IS-year-eta ' $tmgttatt if OlORI* WSRIlEli
TODAY - SAT. 2 FIRST RUN HITS MEXICAN SPITFIRE AT SEA — WITH — LUPE VELEZ LEON ERROL PLUS BOMBS OVER BURMA — WITH — ANNA MAY WONG NOEL MADISON
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY The SwellesI’ Cross Countr/ Romance You've Ever Thrilled To! REMEMBER THE NIGHT with BARBARA STANWYCK FRED MacMURRAY
White suits need the extra penetration of our care- i ful Sanitone cleaning for thorough removal of soil, perspiration, and buried grit. Flawless pressing. Call us regularly.
Dial 7278
AMERICAN LAUNDRY - CLEANERS 142 NORTHWESTERN
MAItf -LAST TIMES TODAY— MINDS THE^^
VIRGINIA BRUCE »BR0D CRAWFORD
Sfarts TOMORROW THE ROUSING SUCCESSOR TO' "TD THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI"! — GEORGE •MONTGOMERY' MAUREEN O’HARA
\tur WAR STAm nilOWMst WUMnfy». I
fft
./ » j *■ ^ A> l’ < iP-H /A J*|||«liit.» !»*)',
1942
\ :
V'’
ilfiMi*
Fraferhities Continue i^old - Black Playoffs ' f^oui* teams will meet next Friday for the play-off of the sefni-finals in the inter-fratemity Gold and Black tourney. Still ^oing strong in the race to date are the Kappa Sjgs, Alphsa Gamma Rho, Phi Delta thieta, and Phi Gam combina- The two Burnham men, ' Cycenas and Shimer, and Seaborg, ’ one of “Piggy” Lambert’s charges, Seven teams met for the managed to muster only five points Atst round of the tournament between them. IM Monday evening. The The Phi Belt’s worked their way Theta Chi’s, one of the tough- “i"* <'■>7 , ‘ , n Phi Kappa Tau combination 9 to 7. est teams in the race before Kiefer, Hipp, and Welty did the ihe tourney, fourid themselves on scoring for the winners. The Sig W®, fihort end of 9-6 score. The Eps dropped their game with Alpha Phi Gam aggregation, led by Lange Gamma Rho, coming out on the slim And',Stiver, was responsible for the end of a 9 to 3 score. Sumner and Wilkinson led the AGR’s, throwing Gbuldn’t Score i three goals apiece. The Kappa Sig’s ' Ed Cycenas, Bill Shimer, and came through on a bye. Vl^hrten Seaborg, veteran Boiler- In the semi-finals Friday, the njl4ker athletes and spark plugs of Kappa Sig’s will meet Alpha G^mthb’Theta "Chi attack in earlier ma Rho and the Phi Belt’s will take ^mes> were unable to work through on the Phi Gam’s. The finals will the rugged Phi Gam defense to run be played off some time within the up their usual five or six points next week. Unit Two .Leads In Cary Hall Sports; Win Horseshoes; Ties Five In Softball By winning the horseshoe title of Cary Hall last Tuesday Evening after school. Unit Two took the lead in participation points in fhe Hall’s athletics. Two has now won horseshoes aiid golf, while taking second in the intramural track meet and is tied for first in softball with Five. makes a change in the final In Wednesday’s Exponent, standings. With Units Five and it was reported that Unit Five Two tied fm the first two places, had won the softball title, but this places Thiee and One tied for , . . ^ , rr a j.1.- thiid. Foui’ finished in fouith place due to a protest by Unit Six this , o- • • i -.tand Six is now in fifth place with Seven trailing in last. The team which won the hoiseshoe title for Unit Two was composed of Buster Cornell, Reid Bennett, and Chuck Whistlei. In their Tuesday night the protested games. Two did not lose a match, game was played off, since Six won fl^ished next with five thfe protest. In this game five was ^ij,g rp^ey suffered badly surpiised as Six beat them ^leir only defeat at the beginning 4 to 2. Thus Unit Five is thiown season before they could get into a tie with Two as both teams regular team on the couit. have won nine games and lost Forfeits Games three. This means that there will and Foui tied for thiid place now have to be a playoff between three wins and the same numTWo andi Five in Older to determine jjgj. josses. One was tied with fhe winner of the softball title. Seven for the fouith position as In Unit Five’s two games with they won two and dropped four. Two, they beat them both times. Five brought up the end with six The last time Five won by playing losses as'they forfeited five of their ohly six men. The score was 6 to 5. six contests. Unit Five scored all of the luns in This evening at 4 p. m. the tennis the first of the game as Two made schedule gets under way. A doubles quite a tfew errors. By whittling and two single games will be played away each inning, Two was able to by each team. The one -that wins icore five runs, but these were not two of three sets wins the match, enough to win. A six game schedule is the piesent Since Six won their protest game, plan for tennis.
S ports Communiqvoq By Bob Hadley
The open season on All-Star football balloting is reglly on. Votesji^ multiple, mimeographed form are being circulated for signatures all bver the campus for Boilermakers who belong in the rqd, white and bluq uniforms on Soldiers Field on the night of the charity encounter with the Bears of Chicago. , , Guard Tommy Melton, Fullback Big John Petty, and Halfback Johnny Galvin are still the three Riveters appearing w'ell up on the list of returns. A number of campus groups are organizing campaigns to back these men and turn in ballots in four and five- < figure quaufities necessary to keep up with the votes commanded so far by players from the Chicago area. i It was rumored yesterday that the Health Service was again gettihg under way in the matter of ballot accumulation. Last year at this time, Boc Miller and his precinct had already gathered enough Vdtes for Bave Rankin to elect three mayors and a city solicitor. With school in session, and an organized attack underway, if should not be too difficult to effect a repeat performance of the last two years—at least one Boilermaker in the starting lineug of the All-Star team. The voting lists will be circulated throughout the campus during the remainder of the race. Let’s see some real spirit shown in getting Some recognition for Boilermaker football! Chicago fans are overjoyed at the recent unpleasantness evidenced in the Cub-Bodger relationship. Nothing draws fans like a little bad blood. After the initial encounter of the series which featured a great deal of conversation which could npver be reproduced in any kind of print, and saw pitchers dusting off players on both sides with considerable regularity, 30,000 fans showed up at yesterday’s double-header at Wrigley Field. However, if they expected any armed maneuvers, they were disappointed, although they did see the Cubs shut out the Bodgers, 7-0, in the opening game. ; The White Sox are looking forward to a possible return to action this season of 35-year-old Thornton Lee. Last season Lee turned in 22 victories, which may ordinarily be classed as a pretty succe^fpl: season—particularly in view of the fa^t that Bob Fellef, npw of|l|l^ . Navy, was the only American League pitcher to win more last year. So far this year Lee has not seen action in Sox uniform due to arm trouble which developed in spring training. The Whitd''S6k'can us^^ another pitcher without any difficulty and Lee’s arm is reported to be improving. * ’ n
IM Schedules l-M Softball Results
Show ATO's Still On Top
The following elimination matches in the Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament are to be played off by Monday morning, July 20: \ Phi Kappa Tau vs. Belta Upsilon. Theta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. Phi Belta Theta vs. Theta Xi. Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa— winner of this match to play Sigma
Nu.
The Kappa Sigmas and Phi Kappas are to play off their tie match for eighth place by Saturday morning and the winners to play the Sigma Nus by Sunday night.
TJhe following Gold & Black semifinals will be played Friday evening: 6:30 Field 1 Phi Belta Theta vs. Phi Gamma Belta. Referee: Boughan. 2 Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Referee: Rodgers. The finals are scheduled to be played Monday evening.
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Friday evening at 4 o’clock: Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 4. Caiy Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 5. Please consult the schedule in the Postoffice for the Courts on which you are scheduled.
The Ward Softball finals will be played Monday evening at 6:30: ,Biamond 4 Ward 2 vs. Ward 21. Umpires: Bussing and Shook. The second round of Ward Softball will start Wednesday evening.
Time became the important factor in the I-M softball penant chase as yesterday’s results showed little radical changee among the leaders. The ATO’s still clung to their slim margin, but Phi Kappa and Tau Kappa Epsilon were locked in a second place tie, one-half game in back of the leaders. Both the ATO’s and the Phi Kappas had considerable difhculty in disposing of their op- _. „ ^ „ . ., a „ ponents. The ATO's beat off The following Fraternity Softball ^ , r ^ it. games will be played Tuesday eve- the stubborn assaults Of the ning, July 21: Triangle to win 2-1, and the Biamond Pti' Kappas also downed the Kapp* 1 Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Nu. ^igs by the same score. Tau Kappa 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Acacia. ^Psilon had easier sledding againSfe 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Triangle. succumbed to tfia 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Belta second place TKE’s, 3-0. The hapUpsilon Belta were tumbled into a 6 Phi Gamma Belta vs. Sigma four-cornered tie for third place a's Alpha Epsilon another important contest 6 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Beta Sigma Theta Chi, Sigpgj ma Chi, and Phi Kappa Tau con-
7 Alpha Chi Rho vs. Theta Xi. 8 Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Belta
pjjQ move into third place with the Phi
9 Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Tau Kap^,..^®^*®’
pa Epsilon. ( Three games remain in the I-M 10 Belta Chi vs. Sigma Chi. 1 schedules which means that each 11 Phi Belta Theta vs. Theta ChiLg^e will be doubly important to 12 Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi\ ^h^l.eader^ It also offers an excClKappa Psi. Vlent ^portunity for some giant13 Phi Kappa /Sigma vs. Belta killings by some of the teams who
Tau Belta. are out of the race.
14 Pi Kappa Phi vs. Phi Sigma The piesent standings follow, inKappa. eluding only the top nine teams:
15 Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha
Mu.
16 Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 17 Sigma Pi vs. Theta Tau.
Riveter Sports-World War I
Was a mistake. Because Five played their game with Six with an ineligible man. Six piotested their game which they lost 18 to 5. Six Wins Protest Game
BE SMART . . . with
MODERN LUGGAGE
this VACATION
You practically “live in” your luggage during vacation time! You want the kind you can defend upon, to keep clothes wrinkle free; with plenty of room for every vacation fashion and accessory. Every piece of luggage which we stock is selected for its practical advantages, as well as for its smart styling. Whether you want leather or fabric, tailored or high fashion design, find it here at the right price. Ladies' Overnight Cases ....$3 95 to $12 50 Matching Wardrobe Cases $6 95 to $1 8 95 Men's All-Leather Sport Cases 10.00 to $25 00 Men's Gladstone Cases '' 8.50 to $20 00 Thieme & Wangerin 622-626 Main Street
By Jack Halstead Present-day war conditions have yet to eliminate sports activities in the Western Conference and other athletic circles—and national figuies, following the pattern set in World War I, are hoping to continue With regularly scheduled contests. Boilermaker sports took a scare with the signing of the War Beclalation, April 5, 1917, but University officials assured the student body and alumni that the Gold and Black would continue as long as national necessity did not arise. “No Action” Br. Thomas F. Moran, faculty athletic advisor and president of the Big Nine athletic board, stated the following: “Purdue has as yet taken no action for suspending athletics. We do not intend to give up sports unless national necessity demands it.” Indiana Univeisity suggested that athletics in the Big Nine be abolished, but other officials overruled the idea and Western Conference sports continued. Many Stop Sports Numerous colleges in the United
States cancelled sports for “the duration.” Yale, Harvaid, Cornell, Columbia, Bartmouth, Princeton, Findlay, Syracuse, and Penn, at a meeting in New York, agieed to suspend all intercollegiate competition during the war. The annual crew races and r^attas were postponed. * f « The Boilermakers, Chicago, and Northwestern all announced firm resolutions to continue sports until detiimental to the warfare of the United States. Lambert Enlists Mass enlistments by University students following the outbreak of World War I put a definite crimp in both the intercollegiate and intramural squads on the campus. Piggy Lambert, head basketball coach and assistant football mentor, resigned Sept. 2, 1917, to take chaige of the athletics at Camp Taylor, Louisville, Kentucky, leaving considerable effect on the school’s athletic program. The hardwood team was handicapped by the loss of many stars. Unlike World War II, in which
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
the campus has yet to see a large decline in male enrollment, the enlistment toll of 1917 and 1918 was high. Fraternities and doi’mitories echoed with emptiness as up to 75 per cent of their membeis answered the call to the colors. It was hard to get interest in sports. Athletic Birector Oliver F. Cutts announced that every attempt would be made to make athletics a success despite the 'deep wounds of the woild conflict. On March 17, 1918, the government started its program with the University to tiain a large number of army men, who lived in special quarters on the campus. The re-entrance of Michigan into the Western Conference, after several years’ absence, however, gave new hope to athletic leaders that the war sports program would be a success. Sports continued throughout the war, and the few who remained behind in school rallied to support the athletics. Aiding Sports World War II, expected again to drive heavily on the collegiates, is aiding sports, however, with the formation of powerful service teams who are aiding in the nation-wide relief drives.
The Inter - Fraternity Archery competition will start Ivionday evening, July 20, at 4:30 p. m. All fraternities please plan to have your two man team at the Archery Range (north of ladies’ tennis courts), ready to shoot your required 30 arrows.
W.
L.
Pet.
Alpha Tau Omega
11
1
.917
Phi Kappa
11
2
.843
Tau Kappa Epsilon
.11
2
.843
Phi Delta Theta
9
3
.750
Sigma Chi..
.. 9
3
.7^
Theta Chi
. 9
3
.750
Phi Kappa Tau.
.. 9
3
.756
Sigma Pi .. . .
.. 8
4
.63^
Sigma Alpha Mu. .
. 8
4
.663
The following Cary Hall Tennis matches will be played Monday evening, July 20, at 4 o’clock: Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 2. Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 4.
Notice
The All Campus Golf Tournament is to be played on the Purdue Golf Course. The qualifying round starts July 15 and ends July 20. Anyone wishing to enter this tournament is urged to do so. Play 18 holes qualifying round and turn score cards in at the Starting House at No. 1 tee. Choose your own opponent and have him sign your card. Two nine hole rounds on different days will be O.K. The usual trophy and medals will be awarded in each flight. All golf players are urged to enter this tournament.
Youngsters just about to enter intercollegiate competition, most of whom are not did enough for selective service, piedominate on the University of Iowa’s 1942 football squad roster.
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
RIGHT DRESS!
SheoEFer's new "TRIUMPH" Tuckaway pan sal meals all U.S. Service requiremenls, and carries safely in ANY posilion—in shirl, coal, or Irousers pockel. Il’s ihe ALL-PURPOSE pen—wearable in all climales, no mailer how much or lillle clolhing is worn Give ihis newesi fine set lo your loved ones—gel tellers back. Sheaffer pens, all colors. *2.75 to *20. See our selection.
TRIUMPH SheaffeicS NEWEST jUletUm aco If u s PAT opp«
John David Beat Dahl In Semi-Finals Of State Amateur In what proved to be the finest played match in the tournament thus far, John Bavid, former Riveter golfer, nosed out Billy Bahl of West Lafayette 1,-up on the 20th hole yesteray afternoon to gain thefinal round of the Indiana Amateur Meet. Bavid will meet Haqk Kowal of Indianapolis for the title this afternoon. Bahl, the 18 year old State Junior Champ, jumped into a lead at the start and at one time had Bavid 3 up. Bahl shot a 34 on the first nine while Bavid wound up with a 36 te be one down at the turn. Bahl Sinks Long One At the 18th hole Bavid took a three to assure himself of at least a tie for the match. Bahl, however, wrth the pressure really on calmlsr sank a long putt to put himself even with the long-driving former Riveter. Bahl’s coolness on the green was really something to marvel about since the blond haired amateur has been in actual competition for only a couple of years. On the fatal 20th Baht’s iron shot went into the trap by the green. David’s first ball was on the g^reen. He then two putted for a par thr^e. . Bahl, however, after getting out of the trap barely missed his long putt to lose the hard-fought match to the more experienced David. David Late To Qualify David, who now is an ensign in the Navy, didn’t show up for the qualifying round until about 3:30 Tuesday afternoon. In just 4 hours 20 minutes he played his required 36 holes of qualifying and barelj) missed Jimmy Scott for low medalist honor s. On the 36th green DaVid could have tied Scott’s total but intentionally missed two putts to become second high. David won thi amateur title four years ago. Kowal had very little trouble beating Bill Reed in their semifinal match yesterday, 6 and 5. Mixed Double$ First round matches must b# played off by Sunday, July 19th. Please call your opponents immediately and get your match played off on time. Report all scores to th* West Desk of the Union, best twq out of three sets being the winner. Those who desire to play on the clay courts notify Dick Stettner at 8421 and make the necessary arrangements with him. Any further information call Bill Bond, Evelyn Schuber, Dick Stettner or Nandy Cooper.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Deckers Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Everything for m College Education DEAC’S• . ^': ; *,/^>},, 4%;v'<l',-*'' '^f’-' ■ >‘^ " •' V'" ’^ ',’ . ^ , Pur^hte Exponent / Pnday, July 17, 1942
Selective Service Information (Continoed from page 1) , PART III 1. The National Roster of Scientific and Specialized Personnel has certified to the Director of Selective Service that tiiere are serious shortages of persons trained, qualified, or skilled to engage in these critical occupations in activities necessary to war production and in Activities essential to the support of the war effort Careful consideration for occupational classification should be given to all persons trained, q^ualified, or skilled in these critical occupations and who are engaged in activities necessary to war production or essential to the support of the war effort.
PART IV
A registrant who is in training and preparation for one of these scientific and specialized fields may not be considered for occupational classification until the close, or approximately the close, of his second or sophomore year in a recognized col-
lege or university.
4. A registrant who is m training and preparation for one of these scientific and specialized fields shall be considered for occupational classification during his third and fourth years in a recognized college or university, provided that he gives promise of the successful completion of such course of study and the acquiring of the necessary degree of training, qualification, or skill.
6. A giaduate or postgraduate student who is undertaking fuithei studies foi these scientific and specialized fields, following the coin-
GRIN AND JT
By UcMy
Dean Potter
(^ontinued fiom page 1)
pjetion of the npimal foul academic to indicate corrections for the deyeais, may be consideied for occu- fects oi bariiers found to exist,
pational classification if, in addition At University Since 1920
to pursuing the additional studies. Dean Pottei, a giaduate of the he is also acting as “graduate as- Massachusetts Institute of Techsistant” in a recognized college oi nology, came to the Univeisity in university oi is engaged in scientific 1920 aftei spending seveial yeais in research related to the wai effort industry and as dean of the Kansas and which is supei vised by a lecog- State College During the first nized Federal agency A graduate World War, Potter seived as an asassistant is a student in postgradu- sociate member of the Naval Conate studies who, in addition, is en- suiting Board and was director of gaged in the teaching and instruc- mdustiial prepaiedness foi the tion of undergraduate students in state of Kansas fiom 1917-19 these scientific and specialized Dean Potter has taken an active fields interest in engineeiing affairs and 6 When a registrant has com- Problems during the last few years pleted his training and preparation addition to his duties as dean of in a recognized college or uiiiver- the engineering schools and direcsity and has acquired a high degree tor of the Engineering Experiment of training, qualifications, or skill in Station He is the author of sevone of these scientific and special- ^ral books on power engineering ized fields, such registrant should theimo-dynamics, has been adthen be giveu,the opportunity to be- editor to thiee technical pubcome engaged in the practice of his hcations and has been a frequent profession in an activity necessary contributor to magazines on' engi
to war production 01 essential to the neeiing subiects support of the war effort In many President of ASME
instances following graduating He is also well known in national fixim a recognized college or uni engineering circles, as he is past versity, a certain period of time will President of the American Society be required in the placing of trained, Mechanical Engineers and of the
qualified, oi skilled personnel in an essential activity When a registrant has been deferred as a necessary man in older to complete his training and pieparation, it is only logical that his deferment should continue until he has an opportunity to use his scientific and specialized training to the best interest of the nation Accordingly, following graduation fiom a recognized college or
‘Stupid dog'—hon spy leport American bomber made ''of toothpaste tubes—why no can you ?”
EE's May Enlist In Signal Corps Junior and senior students majoring in electrical engineering or electronics may still enlist in the electionicb training gioup of the Signal Coips Student applications should be sent to the Adjutant’s Office at the Aiinoiy The qualifications for enlistment are that the student be pui suing a course leading to a degiee in electrical engineering oi electronics and be in good standing in either the junioi or senior class He must be between the ages of 18 and 45, physically fit and agree to accept a commissiori with assignment and duty in the Signal Corps upon giadua-
tion.
Defense Drawing. Courses Completed Twenty six men and women have been avyaicled certificates for satisfactory completion of tWo engineering drawing courses offered in the University’s defense tiaiUing program under the auspices of the United States Office of Education Those who had no pievious training or experience were taught basic engineering drawing, while the other class offered advanced diawing woik to persons who had already had some mechanical drawing tiaining 01 who were employed as detail
diaftsmen.
University Calendar " Friday, july 17
9 00 A M Water Works Protection Meeting E Faculty Lge , Union 4 00 P M Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union 4 00 PM POMM Picnic
Saturday, July 18
10 00 A M Pest Conti ol Apeiatois Assn 1 00 P M Music Festival 8 00 P M CONVO—Sigmund Spaeth
Room 14, Ag Hall South Ballroom, Union E & W Fac Lge Union Hall of Music
Personnel Notes
neermg Education
State Officials
Attend Water Works
Conference Here
Approximately 100 persons from
university in any of these scientific throughout the state yesterday atand specialized fields, a registrant tended the opening session of a two should be considered for further day emergency Indiana water works occupational classification foi a pe- ^^^ool, sponsored by the Indiana
Defense Council and Indiana State
nod of not to exceed 60 days in or del that he may have an oppoi tunity to engage in a critical occu pation in an activity necessary to
Board of Health in co-operation with the University B A Poole, chief engineer foi
war production or essential to the who leaves next week foi Army
support of the war effort, provided that during such period the registrant is making and honest and diligent effort to become so engaged
LEWIS B HERSHEY,
Diiectoi
service, pointed out that no metro politan area can sustain community life satisfactoiily oi continue re sistance against militaiy forces without an adequate supply of water, this having been demonstia ted by the fal lof Hong Kong,Singa
pore and Tobruk
Plants Have Fire Enemies The five majoi enemies of water
plants, Capt Kenneth Kline of the
Annual meeting of the Indiana University s industiial protection association of Expert Swine Judges, service told the operators and offi which was to be held at the Univei- cials, aie aeiial attack, sabotage, sity August 4, has been cancelled sabotage, fires and personal infer the duration of the war, it was He urged that men be tiained
Swine Judges' Meeting Cancelled For Duration
announced by J W Schwab, secretary and University Extension hog man This association is believed to be the oldest livestock organization in the state, having held its 53id annual judging school a yeai ago at the University livestock judging pavilion In the school programs breeders of purebred hogs judged from eight to ten classes of sows and gilts of the leading breeds and then dis cussed the merits and dements of the animals
eveiy day for the new protection
problems arising
The municipal eontiol center and how its woiks were explained by Chief Caitei Browser of the Ft Wayne fire depaitment He looked upon the civilian defense organization as a protection agency to maintain normalcy within a city, to les-
Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Barberton, Oluo—Coming Friday, July 17 J C Penney Company—Coming Tuesday, July 21 Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, July 20 Holley Carburetor Company, Dc tioit Michigan—Coming Wednes day, July 22 Interested rn August ME Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 21 General E 1 e c 11 i c Company, Schenectady, New York—Coming July 22, 1942 Interested in applications from all August Engineering and Science seniors This includes students who are entering the armed forces Inquiic at the Personnel Office Carnegie-Ilhnois Steel Corporation, Gary Woiks—Coming Tries day, July 28 Inter e'-ted in Augu t Science or Engineering scniois in tciested in cost analysis Sign in Peisonnel Office by Moirdry July
27
cue people, to save human life, to lestoie production of the essentials of wai, and to train people to stay deal headed under war time emer gencies Auxiliary Lnits Essential The water plant officials wei e in foimed by Lt Col Mantoid G lien ley, army liaison offieei with the Indiana Defense Countil at Indian apolis, that one important problem IS that of organizing and training necessary auxiliary units “In the event of our cities being attacked from the air, the water service as well as many other services will be seiiously inteifeiied with, and the people alone cannot cope with the emergency but must have the ad vice and assistance of engineers and the seiviee of tiained repair eiews,’’ he declared
U. S Rubber Companr, Misha W'aka, Indiana—Representative will \isit the campus soon. Interested in August ME, CliE, Sci (Chemists), PSE Sign rn Personnel Office by Thursday, July 23 j Aimstiong Cork Company, Lancaster Pennsylvania—■Interested in August ME, PSE, EE, CE or ChE Sign in Personnel Office bj Piiday, July 24 Western Union Tlelegiaph Companj. New York— Intel ested in EE Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, July 21 Pennsj Ivania Railroad—Intel ested 111 Decembei EE Sign in Poison nel Office by Saturday, July 25 Continental Electric Company, Geneva, Illinois—August oi Decembei EL Sign in Personnel Office at
oirec
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
Acrotsa From U:
WORK SAfSLV/
NATIONAL SAfSTY COUNCIL
Americans use about 11,000,000,000 pounds of fats and oils a yeai— 67 per cent in the foim of food, 20 percent as soap, 8 pei cent in paints and vainishes and the lest in varied products.
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD | RISK
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the benelit of any improvements.
Crown Iaundry
Top of Ihe Hill
have been elected is p.cdrcs for t-* summer semester F R Fierce R C Booth, G J Graham R C Phillipp, J A Pitts P M Prass J L Lilantf K B* Beach W F Biadt C V Gxaft L A Bookwaltci W R Gommel G A J. iclden H S Button 0 J Mcyei, C P Oitstadt W G Simpson M A 1 utile I L Stephenson J W feims G H Chuatena, R K Harriaoii, D
M HofCman - TACKSON
Sophomore Military Students All sophomore sli dents who dtsue to be eonbuiered foi eniollment in tiu AdviXiced Couisc ROIG will submit applicutUiib iii person to the Ailvinctd Course SuUetion Board accoulinK to the following sehidule Ihc AdMxnced Couise Seleetion Bbaid xmH be in session in Room 201 of the "UinversKv \rmory StudinU with siunnme bcKinninK with.A lhi*oux,h C Mondftj July 20 1 to b p nr D thiouj,li J lu bduy July 21 4 to b p m G through K Wednesday Tiilv 22 I to b p m Li through N Jhursduv July 21 1 to b p m O thiouph b Iiiday July 21 4 to b p m T to tnd Saturdiv July 25 1 to 4 p m Students who ard not able to attend the rej,ulnr met ting ol luir espective groups should contact any sopho more instructor in Military Iraimni^ for specific permission to meet with anoth r 1 roup lailuie of any btudent to submit Application on one of tlnr above dates is an indieation to tht Boaid th it h< is not in terested in being considered for enrollment in Advanced Course ROIC
—GRAHAM
Freshman Campers Theie will be a meeting of all those interested in Freshman Camp on Tiiesdai July 21 in Room ib4 of the Union It is hoped th it a large number of former cimpcrs will plan to attend and help make plans for the August camp Any one who is interested in acting as a Conn seloi this year but who cannot be at this meeting may cnil Schalliol (55052) or Singer (8421) —SINGER Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges Thoie wil* be a short meeting of all pledges in room lOG of the Chemistij building Monday July 20 at i p m A full atendance is expected
—ADAMS
Freshman Engineers Freshman engineers i\ho were absent from Engineeiing Leetures on Saturday July 11 should get then seal assignments for Lecture room at my office in Executive Building btfoie 4pm on Friday July 17 —KNAPP POMM Picnic will be held Fuday July IT Cars will leave the Armoiy for fair grounds at 4 p m All present and former membeis are invited PleaSe sign list on advanced course bulletin buaid
- JACKSON
Freshman Women All freshman women must be in their place of residence by 8 OO p m tveiy night exeept Friday Saturday and Sunduj Regular coed boms will be in efleet lor those three nights
—HARRISON
Sophomore and Junior Metallurgical Engineers Softbil! gime liida> July 1” it 4pm on di imond No 1 Siphomeics see Jim Bildwin Juniois see Glen Stoekmmeicr SCHALIIOI SC4 Board Bond meeting luesday JuI^ 21 it U) p m in the SCA room 1 ull ittettdanee is import int since lusintss s s ntiil foi the future welfaie of the SCA shill be discussed Please b pi mi t
—MOGAVERO
Reservists All male students who have Interfraternifj PresidenFs Council Kos not yet completed the two jears basic mil- aie at the fi lUnutv affaiis otlice Come itarjr Tr lining reeiuired for graduation and and get them — SCHWAB ^ are now membeis of the Naval or Manne Corps Reserve report to the Adiutants of- All Science Seniors All thus who pi in fice Purdue Armoij /or impoitant infor- te giaduitc in August call it Den rnders mation relative to your status ollice to fill out the neeessn> blinks —RTORDAN I NDEUS
Maureen O’Haia who co-stars with George Montgomery and John Sutton in the action-packed adventure film “Ten Gentlement trom West Point” which starts at the
Mars theatre Saturday.
1 reshmen All first stmtsttr rrtshmtn who do not live in Guy Hill will plcnse itpoit to tht Activities OfTut room i6b of tilt Union foi Freshman InUrviiwa Come bttwetn 4 nnd I p m next Monday Wedntsdaj or rhiirsday - WKLLS
Notices
Alpha Phi Omega Installation of officers
Tuesday July 21 in loom 30'“ of the Union
at 7 30 p m Plcise bo piompt
—WILBUR
Cosmopolitan Club Theie will be u meet mg Friday Jul> 17 at 4 15 p m in Room 304 of the Union —SEEVER
Classified Ads.
Typewriters—Adding Maclnncn all makca sold rented icpaircd and puirhascd Mimeograph woik done C J Ebershoff 005 Main, Lafayet+t Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches gutis, luggage typewriters Alberts Loan Office,
107 Columbia
Lost—\ello\\ corduioy jacket in FE bldg Call Broph> 4051 Lost Gold W iltnam wrist w iteh on mtn*8 tennis (ourtb biturday 1 hone Bob Hadley,
noi Ruwaia
New Ilonev for Sale
Wi ighl
Phone 2891 L E
Help Wanted—OH ice assistant—elementiri bcokkeepiTU experience and aceuracy hati lling ( ish some btenogriphie ability— jcncial filing Wnte Exponent Box Nf 14
Registration Workers Students who wish to woik foi the Regibtrii dining tht fill ttim registiation August 31 Septembti 1 ind 2 irc lequested to mike apphcilion it thf registrar s offiee Those with pilmous experience at registrition or in othti ckii c il jobs are j wen piefereiuo —SIONE Purdue Order of Zouaves The following
Freshman Campers 1 litre will be a moot ing if all those iiltitskd in litshmin Camp on liu'^dij Jul> 21 it ^ ^0 } m in Room 3( I of tin Union It is hoped th t i largt nunibtr ot ftimti e impels will I I in to att nd ind h hi mak i 1 ins 1 1 ht August Camv Ammo who i int iLsted in icting as i counstloi this j c ir b \1 who c \i not b it this nititmg maN i ill Sehilhol (j)0>2) or Singei (81 1)
« DOES YOUR PEN leak? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH^S
Keep Pitching with United Statqs WAR BONDS & STAMPS! Every Stamp and Bond You Buy HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON AMERICA’S ENEMIES Get in the Game Now! Buy WAR BONDS & STAMPS!