'*<■ “S'* ^1*
i
A
. !
u.
®hc mrdueTSxfjamnt
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER Ig, 1936
NUMBER fli
Radkey Wins Southworth
Script Trophy
Tower Theater To Produce Winning Play, ‘‘Experiment”
A. A. Radkey, junior science student, and manager and director of the Radio Stage, was named last night as the winner of the Southworth Script Trophy for his entry in the playwritmg contest, “Experiment.” Fred Verber, electrical engineering senior, with his “Tempered Justice,” tied Radkey for the second place award. Radkey’s second entry was “Cupid Qomes A Cropper.” The presentation of the trophy will take place at the P. I. A. Christmas dance tonight. Radkey will be given a key and the Southworth Cup is to he engraved with his name. This cup is to be kept in the Browsing Room. “Experiment is to be produced by the Tower Theatre, will be given over to that group immediately for adaptation and casting. Productions Plays by Catherine Ann Cromer, Fred J^erber, and Elizabeth Able will be produced on a series of four programs sponsored by the P. I. A., the first of which is planned for February 3 in the Memorial Union ballroom. The judges of the contest were H. K. Carmichael, Gilbert Dunbar Williams, Prof. R. A. Cordell, Mrs. Harriett Mueller, and R. C. Robbins.
Scribe Suggests HolidayTrimmings For Home^ Foods
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! These greetings carry with them a gay round of festive holiday parties. Such occasions will reqmre that your wardrobe, your home, and your table be at its best. You will feel well-dressed if you have a two-pieced woolen suit for casual occasions; an afternoon dress of metalcloth; a bright onepi6ce woolen or jersey for mornings and luncheons; a lovely slipper satin evenixig gown for New Years eve and a warm evening Wrap of black velvet.
Your home should spell a welcome to all holiday visitors. Decorate your windows, tables, and mantels with candles and evergreen. Don't fail to have a colorful Christmas tree to add to the festive spirit. Ladies Home Journal suggests that a whitewashed tree adds to its effect.
After you and your home have welcomed your guests in your “Sunday best” your table must also be inviting to your friends. This is especially true on New Years day when your friends will be dropping in. Referring again to “Ladies Home Journal we find some good ideas. First there must be a punch bowl, a toastd;o the New Year. The punch may be made from fruits and juices, but above all it must be brilliant. Then bedeck your buffet with a tray of appetizers, sliced baked ham, a steaming dish, vegetable salad, meringue shells for dessert, and nuts and creams, to finish the picture. Pill your house with cheer and may all your parties be successful ones.
Correction
Two prizes instead of three as stated in the Exponent of Wednesday, December 16, will be awarded in the annual Winnterrowd library contest. Two awards of $65 and $36 respectively are replacing the single $100 award; not augmenting it as was announced.
PUBLICATION
This is the last issue of the Exponent for the yhar, 1936. The first edition of the new year will appear Tuesday morning, January 5, 1987.
Songsters
Included in the trio of Bud Bryant’s Orchestra which is playing for the P. 1. A. Christmas Dance tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building are, reading from top to bottom. Maestro Bryant, Dick Linville, and Jo Friend.
Civil Conclave
Begins Today
13 Chapters Of Chi Epsilon Represented At University
Thirteen chapters of Chi Epsilon, national civil engineering honorary fraternity, will begin their National Conclave here today with a smoker, followed by business meetings, a banquet, and a luncheon tomorrow. Professors from the institutions having chapters make up the Supreme Council of which five members will be in charge of the program. One delegate from each chapter will attend the conclave. Chapters other than Purdue’s represented are Armour, California, Colorado, Cornell, M. I. T., Pennsylvania State, Southern California, Texas, Wisconsin, and Missouri. The schedule of meetings, as announced by W. H. Keenan, president of the Purdue chapter, is as follows: Today, 7:30 p.m.. Smoker in faculty lounge, 'Memorial Union Building; Tomorrow, 9:30 a. m.. Business session in faculty lounge; 11:30 a. m., Inspection Tour of Testing Laboratory; 12:30 p. m.. Luncheon in Union Cafeteria; 2:00 p. m,. Business session in the faculty lounge; 6:00 p. m.. Banquet in the reception room of Union Building; 8:30 p. m.. Bowling on the Union alleys.
Zerby Addresses Eta Kappa Nu Group
The University chapter of Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering fraternity, held a banquet last night in honor of their national secretary, A. B. Zerby. Zerby gave a short talk on the services given by an honorary fraternity to men while they are students and after they enter the business world. He stressed the services given by Eta Kappa Nu alumni chapters during the years of the depression. The banquet was held in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building.
Delta Upsilon
Delta Upsilon announces the election of George B. Long, president; George Bell, vice-president; and Glenn Brown, secretary.
PENALTY DATES
Penalty day begins today at 1 o'dock and continues through tomorrow. Monday, January 4, 1937, will also be penalty day.
FIGHT
TUBERCLILOSIS
1 iMcrrp
Buy and Use CHRISTMAS
Cfiristmas
SEALS
PIA To Give
Holiday Dance
Time Shop To Sing Carols, Radli:ey To Receive Southworth Trophy
The annual P. I. A. Christmas dance will take place tonight in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building from 9 to 12 o’clock with Bud Bryant and his orchestra furnishing the music. The Tune Shop will sing carols during the intermissions and A. A. Radkey will be presented with the Southworth Script trophy. Wilson White is chairman of the dance which is open to P. I. A. members and their dates upon presentation of one of the couple’s membership card.
YWCA Entertains 25 Children At Party
Members of the Y.W.C.A. settlement house committee entertained the girls of their clases qt a Christmas party in the settlement house Wednesday evening. The children played games and a short program consisting of readings and songs was presented. The Y. W. C. A. call for toys which was published in the Exponent was generously answered and these presents were distributed at the party. Twenty-five children and seven coeds attended.
Set Stenographic Exam For January 9
The next regular clerical-steno-graphic examination for those who wish to obtain employment at the University will be held Saturday, January 9. Applications must be filed by January 4, he stated, in order to notify all when and where to report. The clerical examination starts at 10 a. m. in the Education Building and the stenographic examination will be held that afternoon at the Lafayette Business College.
Bud Bryant To Play For Various Holiday Dances
Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra will fill numerous engagements during the Holidays. Included in the list is the Kappa Alpha Theta Dance of Butler University at the Columbia Club in Indianapolis tomorrow night. Other functions at which he will play will be at South Bend, Elkhart, Evansville, and Van Wirt, Ohio.
Ag Staff To Have Party
Program To Feature Play, Toy Band, And Singing
A “Toy Band” composed of the Agricultural staff members who have served the University for 26 years or more, a short Christmas play, and special singling will furnish the program of entertainment for the annual Agricultural staff party to^hie held |n the Memorial Union ballroom' tomorrow night from 8 to 12 o’clock. Kenneth Boxell, chairman of the comimttee in charge, states that all indications point to a record attendance. Door prizes will be awarded at 8:20 o’clock. From 9:30 to 10 refreshments will be served. George Weast and his orchestra will furnish music for dancing, and bridge may be played by those who do not wish to dance. Prizes will be given to the high scorers. j
‘President Choosing Risky Bu^ess’-O’Brien
800 Auend Convocation in Fowler UaU; Lecturer To Address Economics Classes Today
“We take some terrible risks in
Cincinnati Alumni
To Honor Net Team
The Purdue Club of Cincinnati is making plans for a big reception for Coach Ward Lambert anji the Boilermaker basketball squad on next Tuesday evening at the Kemper Lane Hotel, Cincinnati, following the Xavier basketball game according to word received from T. A. Day, secretary.
Join The Army! They Pay College Students To Take Flying Lessons
By J. A. Chapin
What would you say if you were offered the chance to receive the
finest flying instruction in the world and to be paid for taking it? That is exactly the opportunity whjch the United States Army presents to college students at its Air Corps’ Flying School at Randolph Field. The one-year course at the Air Corps Trainin(g Center, San Antonio, Tex., covers both flight training and instruction in allied subjects such as navigation, meteorology, radio, theory of flight and engines. The first eight months of the course, consisting of approximately 168 hours of flying, are devoted to primary training, while the latter four months, with a total of 132 hours, cover the advanced work in pur^suit, attack, or bombardment aviation. It’s the student who pays and pays—^usually—^but in this case its the school who pays, to the tune of $76 per month, the base pay of the Flying Cadet. In addition, a liberal ration allo'wance is made, and equip-
ment and distinctive blue uniforms are furnished without cost. After graduation and a year of active duty in the tactical unit of the Air Corps, the Cadet is commissioned a second lieutenant of the reserve, and may receive a second year of duty in that status if funds are available. A candidate for appointment as a flying cadet must be an unmarried male citizen between the ages of 20 and 27. He must present a certificate from a recognized college or university showing the com pletion of one-half the work leading to a degree which normally requires four years. The most difficult step is the rigid Air Corps physical examination for flying. Last year out of 33 students of mid-west schools to be chosen for work at the Army and Navy schools 13 were University men. Further information can be obtained from Prof. Haskins, Gapt. Lawrence I. Aretz of the Purdue Airport, or from the Adjutant General of the Army, War Department, Washington, D. G.
our presidential elections in proportion to the power which the holder of the office wields,” said Dr. Robert Lincoln O’Brien, chairman of the United States Tariff Commission, in his address before approximately 800 people in Eliza Fowler Hall last night. This was one of the remarks of summary which Dr. O’Brien made in emphasizing the resemblance which our method of selection of our national executives bears to the conditions of a lottery. In the opening minutes of his talk the speaker reminded his audience in strong terms of the tremendous freedom of action which is open to the chief executive of the United States, and yet how imcertain and startling the results of many national elections have been, and how little known have been some of the successful candidates. “No large railroad or steel trust would choose for its head a man of whom they knew practically nothing,” continued Dr. O’Brien in drawing the contrast between the uncertainty of national choices, and the more thorough way employed by business men.” In support of his contention that known to the public before “the known to the public before the lightning struck,” he told a number of anecdotes concerning Cleveland, Coolidge, Hayes and both of the Roosevelts. According to Dr. O’Brien, while each of these men were not prominent before their election, Cleveland in particular and President Arthur rode into office on the wave of confusion and excitement whi^ swept forth from the conventic^^ “You woul^t choose a man to head your UniveFsity who had been unknown but a few years previously,” he said in closing. Dr. O'Brien will speak before the economics classes tomorrow at 11 a. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall.
Robert W. Grafton, widely known portrait artist, who served as chairman of the University art committee for the past ten years, died suddenly from influenza, at his home in Michigan City, late Wednesday afternoon.
Grafton Dies In
Michigan City
Headed University Ajrt Committee For Past Past Ten Years
Grafton had always shown a personal interest in the University, painting many pictures including those of President Elliott, David E. Ross, George Ade, Dean Stanly Coulter, Dr. Thomas F. Moran, Henry W. Marshall, senior, and Chase Osborn. More Portraits
Limited Number Of
He also painted the portraits of Dean J. H. Skinner, G. I. Christie, Prof. George Spitzer, Dr. J. C. Arthur, Prof. James Troop, and Prof. W. C. Latta for Epsilon Sigma Chi, national honorary extension fraternity. Funeral services will be held at 3:30 tomorrow afternoon in Michigan City. Repainting Ag Gelehiities At the time of his death he was engaged in painting portraits of Agricultural celebrities that were destroyed in the Saddle and Sirloin Club during the Chicago StodEsmrds fire two years ago. These portraits were all completed except thirty or forty that he was working on. He was a frequent visitor to the campus, having planned to come here for an unofficial visit next week. He also was a member of the State Parole Board.
Tickets Left For
Holiday Games
In view of the fact that there is already practically a complete sellout of seats for all Big Ten games which will make it impossible for many local fans to see Purdue’s current basketball squad in action on the home floor except during the holiday games, ticket manager C. S. Doan announced last night that a limited number of general admission tickets have been placed on sale for the Toledo game Monday night and the Montana game a week from Monday. The general admission tickets for the two holiday games, priced at 50 cents each, can be obtained at Deac’s in West Lafayette, Decker’s in Lafayette, and at the Purdue ticket office. Doan also declared last night that there were still a few season reserved seats for the remainder of the schedule.
For Name, Not Walls ‘Old Brick’All Right
Durham, N. H.—(AGP)—“Old Brick” may be an intimate t4rm of address to some people, but, as far as practical experimenters are concerned, it means nothing but poor building material. Tests of 10,000 second hand bricks made by the University of New Hampshire’s Engineering Experimental Station show that walls that are built of used brick will stand only half as long and half as safely as those built of new unused bride.
Mortar doesn’t cling well to sec-ond-hand brick because the original pores of the buUding material have been partially or wholly clogged from the first cemeting. If you want more perfect joiiits between bricks use only new ones.
3,000 U. Of Wisconsin Students Support President Franks
Madison, Wisconsin, Dec. 17.— Although rumors continue to follow the trail of President Glenn Frank of the University of Wisconsin concerning his dispute with the board of regents over administration policies, nearly 3,000 students are behind their president, it was reported here today. Throughout the week “Let’s Support Prexy” has been written on the blackboards in various classrooms.
The charges preferred against President Frank have never been publicly aired, but regent members opposed to the president have given hints of “indecision” and ‘flack of executive firmness.” The fraternities seem to be the strongest cohorts of the president among the 10,000 students at the University.
Seek Rooms For Ag. Conference Visitors
Rooms for Agricultural Gonference visitors at the University, January 11 to 15, will be badly needed, according to Dean M. L. Fisher, who has charge of housing the visiting hundreds of persons. Those who wish to rent rooms for that week are requested to list them at his office by calling 2675 anytime daring office horns at the University.
REGISTRATION WORE
Students who wish wm^ for the Registrar during the second semester res^trationi, February 2 and 3 are requested to leave their nanhes at the Registrars office before the Gluristmas holidays. Students who have vrorked at previoia registraldoiis or have had tffiBtee or deneal experience axe pre* fenced. STOME» R^trar.u
V
t*»gtTwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ \
Friday', Decembey 18,1986
New Years The first few weeks of 1937 will provide two ‘‘new years” for University students— a new year in point of time and a new ic year. These times are char^terized by the inventorying of personal habits and characteristics and reflection on scholastic progre^, and it is then that new resolutions are made and new plans formed for the following school months. , ^ , 1 i. i-T. These new years are beneficial in that they cause a person to pause to consider where he is going, or rather where he wants to go, and what he is doing to get there. Christmas holidays furnish a respite from studying and make available time for taking a personal inventory. One should be able to get a fair idea of his standing in his various courses, and he still has a couple of weeks in which to prei^re himself for the approaching final examina^ tions. The period bewteen semesters gives another intermission for a personal appraisal and course grades are a standard by which any achievement scholastically can be judged. Since these times of the year are valuable to the student, why not make more of them ? Instead of three or four times a year, take inventory every day, or at least every week. Recall your attitude upon starting to work on a new job. You observed what was happening around you; you went at the work with enthusiasm, or at least you worked hard for fear of losing your job; perhaps you saw inefficient methods or an untidy working place which other employees had become accustomed to; you realized some of your own imperfections in doing the work and tried to overcome them. However, after you had attained ^ certain' degree of proficiency and became rather sure of your job, you ceased to work so hard. You became used to certain inefficient methods, as your fellow employees had. Unless some artificial incentives were applied, you probably just drifted along without pronounced improvement in your work. Consider one business man, who “fires” himself every Saturday and then hires himself again on the following Monday. He looks critically at his office—its furnishings and equipment with an eye for probable improvements. He checks on each of his employees to see what kind of work they are doing, and he tries to improve himself as an employer. Here’s wishing you many “new years.” —R. P. M.
Tha Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
tE’ift $urbue exponent
Fonnded In 188S
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
knows that as sure as his name is Joiies or whatever it may be, that he will get a demerit for an infraction of the rules. Demerits may be removed from the department's black list by cancelling them With merits received in battery inspection or other means by which he may win them. Of course merits are a much coveted award and they are traded by the military department on the ratio of two demerits for one merit. Why any student who hasn't any spare time during the day should very meekly accept one and two4hirds hours credit for practically ten hours work when he receives three hours or more credit in other courses and spends only half as much time on that subject is beyond me.—Soph. >
Military Training
Another Swindle To the Editor: University rules covering the number of hours of credit that are given for various courses specify the amount in accordance with the outside preparation necessary for the courses. But look at miltitary training, which is compulsory for all male underclassmen unless they are exempted on account of a physical handicap or other physical reasons. The student is given one and two-thirds hours credit per semester for five hours work a week. Counting the time that he spends in shining his regulation boots and the so-called brass work on his uniform, the time amounts up to nearer ten hours per week than five. He is also liable to demerits which bring his average down for a semester’s work. These demerits are awarded to any student who for any reason is late to a drill or class. In other classes in the University he may be a continual offender by coming in late and still get by with it while the military offender
To the Editor: Many opinions have been voiced in various publicatiohs throughout this country concerning the merits of the R. 0. T. C. Most of the writers take the view that this training is all wrong and should be abolished from the curriculums of the different universities and colleges in the nation. From time to time, articles by “Cadwallader” and other writers have appeared in the Exponent, saying that military training takes too much time for the number of credit hours allowed and that its only function is to make a soldier out of the students. For many reasons, I say that this training has a great number of merits, some of the most important of which I shall list here. In the first place, the R. 0. T. C. doesn’t attempt to make only soldiers out of students; it trys to make MEN out of them. Some people who come to this University have never been exposed to discipline of any kind. At home they have been given a free rein with regards to their conduct and actions towards others. By the time that they reach the age of twenty or Wenty-one years, they should have some knowledge of mutual courtesy between people. The R. 0. T. C. supplies this training when it is most needed. ^ When freshmen, and sophomores, too, begin this training, many of them are unable to stand or sit erect. Some of them even have trouble filling out the rather close fitting blouses. An erect and correct carriage is another thing taught during drills and recitations. In the sophomore year, the course in motors is taught. In answering some objections to the small amount of preparation that is necessary for this course, I can say that one class voted UNANIMOUSLY to read the assigned chapter out of class in order that the instructor might have more time to discuss fully the material assigned for the week’s work. Unless the student has had some previous first hand knowledge of the different types of engines and their functions, he could acquire this knowledge in no other way except to take a course that would require at least three hours a week in the class room. Another thing that the instructors in motors are to be commended for is their stand for safe and sane driving.—D. R. V.
1936 Member 1937 F^sociobd Cotiediale Press Distributors of G[)lle6iateDi6e$t REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York NY. CHICAQO • BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO 1.08 ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Ddivered fagr m^il, 18.60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by sinsle copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OJmOB—812 North Filth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
BDITOBIAL STAFF Editor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Eanasing Editor —E. H. Uorris Associate Editors., K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Hanion, C, L. Sadler Sophomore AaaiBtanta»..~~~^ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, <7. A. Chapin, J. K. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. KeUer, E. H. Kellosv, K. E. O'Neil, C. D. Behroeder, H. L Stanback, D. B. Vance.
Christmas is here—almost—dinners, parties, frat parties for poor children, formal dances, home sweet home . . .
Ag Hurdle
Too hot—then too cold—^these are the drastic conditions to which all students attending classes in Ag Hall are subjected to. This building has been a landmark on the Ag campus for many years and to have it torn down would probably tear the hearts out of some who have been established in it for many years, but still the health of the students should come first. Built when ventilation was one of the minor worries of architects, and keeping proper room temperatures to protect the health of employees and others using the buildings was but a vague idea. A fifty-minute period can be turned into a heart rending session by having to appear at least awake even if the student is three-fourths unconscious from the oppressive atmosphere. Of course he doesn’t learn anything. Temperature control there consists mainly of opening and closing the windows with either roasting or freezing being the alternative. Dashing into a 1 o’clock then suddenly ceasing all physical activity in a room that is either forty below or a hundred above certainly is not conducive to good health. Maybe the Ag students are supposed to be used to the rugged outdoor life; consequently a little temperature change should not hurt them in the least. Unfortunately, since coming to the University, they have been leading a pampered life that has lowered their resistance.-''The Health Service suffers from this condition by having to treat numerous colds and possibly more serious cases that could be traced directly to this building. The amount of time lost from school work by students should make the faculty sit up and take notice to say nothing of yellow slips and poor grades that might also be traced to the same cause. ~E. H. K.
OVERHEARD— Have you got that old Christmas cheer ? Yea I Where? PROF TROFS— SCHANTZ HANSEN — (HE)— saying her usual “As it were—as it were” . . . FATOUT—(Eng. 1)—Rambling, “I hate all noise, buzzers should never be used for class signals and street cars are a nuisance” . . ., SHEPPARD—(Econ)—“In other words class, the point I’m driving at is—” The class wants to know when he’ll reach the point . . . Ah! Nerve in hits prime—^Alpha Gamma Rho, AMSLER who has been going the paces -vifith a certain XO, MARTHA SMITH, has a XO baby at Blomington who seems very much interested in the actions of AMSLER—^t’other night said doll from Bloomington called long distance to Alpha Gamma Rho house where AMSLER wasn’t—^this did not stop the lU beauty so she called long distance to the home of the above-mentioned Miss SMITH— what’s a sorority where AMSLER IS concerned ? ? ? ... Can it be true that “Benny-the-Goof” ENGLETON is that way over “Alice-the-Goon” JUSTIN, who incidentally has started the rumor about calling herself “VENUS”—do you remember the hidden charm job that she wore to the Riveter’s Rassle . . . “Sack-holder” Cliif Hardin has been feeding “Sucker” MARTHA WOOD along all year and during this time MARTHA hasn’t been able to snag his AGR pin—^recently MARTHIE got CLIFF oiled enough that he invited her to Florida for the Xmas vacation. It should be hot when said gal meets “Play Boy” HARDIN’S southern baby ... ,
Editor. Aaageisto Editon AdTETtirins UimaKer.
WOMEN’S STAFF —JBelen Creech Jeanne Jnnouaek, Deris McCartney, Elisabeth Fyke Hetty Barnett
Bneiness Manager., National Advi^lstm Local Adyertising lu. OirenlailoD Manager
BUBINESS STAFF
„ - .B. J. Hulse L. H. Brown J?. C. Miller jr. P. Hirard
feorto Editor.
SPOBTB STAFF
ueoeiato SportaEditon^.
.. , L. D. Wood ,W. H Fifleld. S. B. Oriffitba,
B. F. Obenebain
Issue Editor—D. R. Vance.
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections. 5. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION fl. G. REISNER
DR. A. M. IRION Dentist 119 Vz Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965 Tha thinking fellow calls
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor 507 Main St.
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year KIENLY BEAUTY 662 Main
Reply To yesterday’s Challenge: There will be plenty of us eds what will be *?“& glad to get home where we can get a GOOD date--for a chpnge... One who has had a WRH date. BUD TAYLOR is either trying to get even with VI DAMMEYER or catching up with her—^his lady fair for Friday night and Sunday afternoon was PAT PATTERSON of the WRH Annex—of course VI wasn’t to be outdone so she dated WRH waiter WAYNE BYRD for Friday night and stayed home Sunday, at least that’s her story—^now VI and GABY ROE are on fighting terms, for WAYNE is GABY’S pet which means hands off to all others—VI it seems is the center of all dynamite explosions—^what about JACK ROSS in Indianapolis, VI??? . . .
The Sigma Nus maintain a fish bowl at the house which was originally bought especially for members BAILEY, EITEL, and CANHAM who were at that time playing fish to certain frails—it then became a problem of who was to take care of said bowl so it was decided that the biggest sucker for the week had the job—EITEL has been able to maintain the honor so long now that the fish have taken up a permanent residence in his room ... The MARS PASSES for the week given for the most contribs, go to FRITZI WALKEY. Collection will take place at noon Saturday .. . MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO ALL SEE YOU NEXT YEAR
KEYS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Anto keys and handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son 209-11 North Fifth Street Phone 2828 Lafayette, Ind.
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
The Risk_ Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
SUDDEN Service
jRINTlNG. Offica SlaUoneiy. ^ Wedding InviUflont
PHONE - Ww Book.,Etc.... 2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408IFERR>^
P- ■ £
ARC TODAY - SATURDAY JOHNNY MACK BROWN
“BETWEEN MEN” — and — MARY ASTOR and LYLE TALBOT in “Trapped By Television” — also — Last Chapter of “CLUTCHING HAND” — Plus — First Chapter of CLYDE BEATTY in “DARKEST AFRICA”
TODAY SATURDAY
ARC
TODAY SATURDAY
Starting the Greatest of All Wild Animal Serials 15 Chapters
— Extra — CLYDE LUCAS and His Orchestra
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
— and — JEAN MUIR In
BAFFLING! BREATH-TAKING!.
FAMILY TODAY - SATURDAY Double Feature JANE DARWELL
SAVED PROM A LYNCH^AD MOBl^
— and — BOB LIVINGSTONE in “GHOST TOWN GOLD”
The nin Now Playing Flrht Lafayette Showing GEORGE O’BRIEN HEATHER ANGEL in “DANIEL BOONE” Sun. - Mon. - Tues. - Wed. Big Double Feature Bill
its Setting! The Air’s Most Daring Pioneers Its Heroes! The World’s Greatest Flight Its Climax!
..nPAT " O’BRIEN ROSS ALEXANDER BEVERLY ROBERTS HUMPHREY BOGART MARIE WILSON Joseph Crohon Joseph King Addison Richards Directed by Raymond InrigM A FirtI Natfonol Plctui* SAT. MID-NITE SHOW 11:30 Preview Showing of Inspector Piper is not as 4“5jh as he looks. He COULDN'T bel SEE HIM AT HIS THICKEST IN
First Lafayette Showing ' EXTRA ATTRACTION “TpE LIFE OP EDWARD VIH”%
t’-t i T X. ’ I
f- /
5»4» / ’ j f > •-
i<-\L* !
17#'
THS PtRPUl? EXPONEKT
- f »# # %sl
Phelps Chosen Basketball Manager A t h 1 e t i c Department Choosy dark Alternate Manager
At a meeting of the members of the athletic department yesterday evening, E. H. Phelps was ehosen junior basketball manager and Walt Clark was selected as alternate. Phelps, a member of the Phi Kappa Sigma fraternity, will automatically become senior manager next yenf upon the graduation of R.j F. Brinson, present manager* If for some reason Phelps cannot accept this appointment, Clark, a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity, will become manager in Phelps’ place.
Elliott Improving Cerald JEUiott, aophomotd in the
agricultural school, is getting along nicely following an appendicitis operation at the Home Hospital Wednesday ihorning*
WB A A
-TODAY-
11 :00—^Principles of Sociology. Mr. Theodore K. Noss, classroom lectuiV. 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultuiral Fornm. 12:16—^Luilcheon Dance Time. 12:80—Athletic Review. 12:46—Noon Musicale, Mrs. I. Walerstein, pianist. 1:00—Civic Forum, Miss Mary Wagner. 1:16—Life of Edison. 1 :S0—Great Inventions, Miss Lucille GampbelL 1:46—^Markets, J. R. Hays. 2:00—^Weather Reports. 2:16—Musical Album, Charlotte Stewart. 2:80—^Dramatic Readings, Miss Janet Ford. 3 ;00—Iiafayette City Schools Program. 3:80-—Lafayette Little Theatre Program.
T
Dear Customers and Friends: I appreciate your business in the past and hope to be of service to you in the future. Wishing You One and All a Merry Christmas and a Happy and Prosperous New Year, Respectfully yours, - A. W. WERKHOFF, Plumbing and Heating Engineer. Tell Us Your Troubles. We Have None.
m s hme
SHOE ICE-SKATES $4.00 to $7.95 JOHN SPERB, Hdw. 822 Main St.
Honey Krushed Wheat BREAD
Made with pure honey. Something new at all grocers.
Baked exclusively by
GRAVES
QUAUTY BAKERY We cater to Sororities and fi-aternitiea
Just a Word to Let You Know We Appreciate Your Patronage
I
We Are Wishing You A Merry Xmas, A Happy New Year And All Possible Joy For the Coming Holidays
American Laundry
Purdue Five Meets DePaiil Saturday
Boilermaker Quintet To Play 3 Other Games During Vacation Initiating a trio of close scheduled games, Purdue’s cagers will travel to Chicago tomorrow night to tackle the DePaul quintet which in the past has always turned on the heat and shown flashy form in games with the Boilermakers.
For three straight starts they have been unable to topple the Lambortmen, but from all appearances their squad is tougher than ever this year, as evidenced by their wins over the strong Pittsburgh and Hamline teams, and this meeting should provide another of those sparkling, spectacular, hardwood battles which have characterized the games in the past. Coming on the heels of the game with DePaul, the Boilermakers open their vacation season by playing the Rockets from the University of Toledo in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium Monday night. Built around Chuck Chuckovite who has averaged around 15 points per game, this newcomer to Purdue’s schedule has proven its strength by rolling up the formidable score of 70 to 12 over Adrian. To date they have scored 160 points to their opponent’s 61. Continuing their games on Tuesday night, the Lambertmen meet St. Xavier at Cincinnati in an annual headline encounter and close the games for 1936 by coming back to Lafayette to play Montana on December 28.
Scobee't REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Flpral Servicei^Serving Purdue for 37 years 635 Main St. In Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 —8050
A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasions 25e per passenger any part of the city 5023 PHONES 8071 YELLOW CAB CO.
A’
D i s t i n c t i V e .6 INITIAL^
Jewelry by HIckok
"Smartl” you’ll say, when you see your initials on the latest Hickok tie clips —chain or bar type. Their enduring golden lustre sets off the mannish black let* ^ers on platinum*tone. This distinguished (ewelry Is practical... serviceoblo . with Its smooth-working Hickok oljigotgr grtp-<ind Hickok excellence through and through. Here's utility —fine |tyle*<-*lNpiviDUALiTYl
$100
fiEISLER'S
CLOTHES SHOP INC. 500 Main St.
ielder's.... ....choice MnaBy Bob WalpoleMM—■
'^Wednesday’s game with Butler indicates that the Boilermaker five will have all of the speed and talent that they had in the many sesusons past... and shows a vast improvement over the Bradley Tech game of the Saturday before ... —^fc— Gene Anderson looks very much at home with the boys, and unless Co-Captain Jim Seward steps lively, he is going to find himself playing about half of the time . . . Young did plenty of deceptive ball playing, and frequently made a monkey out of Butler’s daggers . . . —fc— c Purdue’s record of shots made as compared to shots completed was better than any to date . . . Butler, however, had neither an offensive nor a defensive team ... —^fc— The records as we got tnem are as follows . . .
Attempts Made Pet,
Sines
14
5
.357
Yoimg
14
4
.286
Seward
5
1
m
Malaska
6
0
.000
Downey .
2
1
.500
Hutt
7
0
.000
Anderson
6
2
.333
Purdue
. 67
18
.269
Butler
43 —fc—
2
.046
Since we have no paper tomorrow this will be our last bit of dope until next year so we leave you with . .. —^fc— A MERRY CHRISTMAS AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR . . .
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers
Main at 7th
Phone 60S0
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well WaDaceHIock 322 Ferry St. Opposite Post Office
BOSSUNG
Shoe Repair Shop the
VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Greeks Enter New Sports Fraternity Ping Pong, Bowling To Begin After Holidays
After Christmas vacation two more features of the fratemiiy sports program will swing into action when the ping-pong and bowling tournaments start. The opening of the ping-pong competition has been set for the afternoon of January 4 at 4 o’clock and all men who wish to enter are supposed to report to the Memorial Gymnasium at that time. The competition has been limited to three men from each fraternity and is an
individnal, rather iban a faatn eeitiott, aa two mm iront iSbe mrnm house can play fti the finals. Ten or fifteen tables wfB be set up and all equipment will be fiurnished, although it is requested that all men who can, bring Ibeir own paddles. The men captufing the first three places will receive medals and the champ’s house will get a trophy. The various bowling teams will probably start rolling on the afternoon of January 5, and tJie eight teams who finish in the upper bracket will enter the finals to play for the trophy. These teams will be composed of three men per fraternity, each man rolling tlwee games a match. Other plans are indefinite at this time, but detailed information will be mailed to all athletic managers.
You Don’t Have to Look Far for Recreation
Downstairs in the Union Building is as far as you have to look for recreation, among
which is the Billiard Room, having nine tables—both pool and billiard. Indoor
recreation is just what you need during the winter time, and what is better than a game of pool or billiards.^
OPEN XMAS VACATION
dLatil
oont
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Comer of Campus—Center of Activitit
The joy of the holidays is in the air . . . and the Grille-Lounge joins with your friends in extending to you the joyous greetings of the season. May these happy days of yuledde echo throughout the coming year and bring a new and richer fuUness to your life, and a finer realization of your hopes and ambitions.
The Grille''wiH be closed during XntdS Vacation . . but will be ready to serve you Jan. 3. I5>37.
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
Comer of the Campus~--yet center of activity
mTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
R. a EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
YOU'LL FIND
NO BETTER
BUTTER
Because it's made from the finest of cream in our own Sanitary and Scientific Dairy
You'll find it full of life and Health Giving Qualities
Sunshine
Farms
Phone 5015
Classified Ads-
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Rent—Very desirable room, light, plenty of heat. Available immediately. Phone 66642.
Give a Kodak For Christmas— Complete line of kodaks and all accessories. Headquarters for "Argus” Candid Camera and Enlargers. Paper, Chemicals for the amateur. All sizes of film in stock. Hines’, 634 Main street.
Good Printing—Painless prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street.
Lost—Men’s gold Gruen wrist watch, black face and gold numerals, in main floor of men’s washroom in the Union. Reward. Call Van Landingham 66364.
Lovely Old Glass—Bric-a-brac, china, prints, many things that will make lovely Christmas gifts at Moore’s Antique Shop, 220 North 5th street.
Wanted—4 passengers to central Pennsylvania. Leaving Shtuyday. Inquire J. D. Howe in Physics Building.
ARE YOU GE'ETING AN EXPONENT!
NOTICES
No noticM-cc-pt-d aft*r S p. m.
Reamer Membersi—Andres, Abbott, Dixon,Doud, Edson, Fields, Goory, Kreiser, McEacbron, McKee, Manion, Milner, Moore, Pickard, Wait, Woodruff, Ashworth, and Whipple. Tickets and money must be turned into me by December 19 noon. —PERKINS.
Purdue Christian Foundation — Annual Christmas Banquet and party is to be held December 18 at 6:30.\ Those desiring to attend can obtain ticket reservations by calling 75912 or 4821. —BROWN.
Chemistry Students—^Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9, 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make application in room 210 of Chemistry Building, before January 8. HASS, TEST, ALLEN.
P. I. A.—^Dance class, December 18, at 7 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union Building. —BUTCHER.
Cosmopolitan Club—Last meeting of the year in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock, December 18. —FUTOOHBE.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet iri the workroom at 4 p. m. December 18. —SHEETZ, PUTZE, WIEGANDT.
P. I. A.—Monday dance class will be held January 6, at 7 p. m. in ballroom. —BUTCHER.
ONT
GO HOME for CHRISTMAS
Looking like a tramp—^have your Clothes Crown Cleaned and pressed and your Merry Christmas with home folk will be more Merry.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Deck Tennis—^These games are to be played off tonight, December 18, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. Wetzel and Bush vs. McKinney and Stiles; H. Beko and M. Beko vs. Greenburg and Cook; Venson and Stiver vs. Charles and Fitch. —RIETBL
P. I. A.at 6:30 p
-Orchestra practice December 18, m. Important meeting. —FRAME.
W. A. A. Shuffleboard—^The following games will be played December 18; Game 1 court 3 at 4 p. m., Merritt and McIntosh
vs. M. Schilling and Beggs; game 2 at 4:20, winner of game 1 vs. Truax and Townsend; game 3 at 4:40, winner of game 2 vs. Delaplane and MacDougail; on court '4 at 4 p. m.‘; game 4, Blank and Newman vs. Scrub and Lugaud: game 6 at 4:20 p. m., winner of game 4 vs. Campbell and Vandiver; on court 6 at 4 p. m. game 7, Jo Cook and Crankshaw vs. Beilke and Maxwell; game 8 at 4:20 p. m., winner of game 7 vs. Yerkes and Ward; game 9 at 4 ;40, winner of game 6 vs. winner of game 8; game 10 at 6 p. m., winner of game 3 vs. winner of game 9. —MAIER.
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
Buddy, I can’t pay a higher compliment than that. Gtr/ or cigarette... when / tumble that means Vm for *em. Chesterfield’s my cigarette. And I’ll tell all hands they’ve got a hearty good taste that makes a sailor happy. And listen, they’re milder. . . . for the good things a cigarette can give a sailor
Copyright 1936, iJCCBTr & Myeii& Tobacco Co,