'■ ' *•' ■':
Pursue TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University.
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, APRIL 23, 1937
NUMBER 138
Small Audience Attends
Peace Demonstratioii
Y By R. P. Manion “The occasion which calls us together, today, is in my hum-
ble estimation, a sacred opportunity for the candid, neighborly exchange of honest opinions and profound convictions—the opportunity for mutual education, that we may consecrate ourselves to a noble cause, the supreme cause of humanity—
peace.” Thus Rabbi M. H. Si-
mon, of-Lafayette, began his talk on “The Higher Patriotism” at the Purdue “peace strike”' at 10 o’clock yesterday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Rabbi Simon was introduced to the audience of some 260 students and faculty members by Chairman W. R. Smith, of the Purdue Peace Committee, following an organ prelude by G. E. Osborn and a group singing of the first verse of “America The Beautiful.” The demonstration proceeded in a quiet and orderly manner with the audience, small in comparison to last year’s attendance of approximately 800 persons,
applauding each speaker.
Ruth Reeder, junior home economics student, followed Rabbi Simon with a discussion of “Woman’s Part In The Achievement Of Peace,” in which she asserted that “women dq not hold life as cheaply as men do, having sacrificed and
(Continued on page 4)
April 23, 1937 TODAY, gentle reader, is presented a bird’s eye view of the average student studying his preps . , . when “Spring Comes To The Campus:” Ho hum . . . dinner over . . . feelin’ kinda full, too . . . gotr ta study . . . boy, it’s great to be a student . . . and intellectual, too .... about five hours of study tonight and tomorrow the profs won’t know me —30— NOW, let me see ... I must get myself in the right mood .... don’t want to be too serious . . . must be relaxed . . . I’ll listen to the radio for fifteen minutes . . . some good music to soothe my brain ... swing music, maybe ... ■’ —30— WONDER what “swing music” really is . .. everybody talks about it but nobody seems to know . . . Gee, this is a good ole arm chair . . I could almost go to sleep . . . now, there’s an idea . . . the sofa . . . . just a half hour . . . boy . . . this
zzz-zzz-zz
.. oh, I must radio’s still . good gosh!
is really comfortable • —30— HUH!. . whazzat ? have been asleep . . going . . . what time .
it’s ten-thirty . . . slept two hours and a half ... I must get going . ; . got five hours of study to do ... . guess I can really go to town 'on
those books now . . .
—30—
SUPPOSE I’d better read economics first . . . that stuff! . . . save other course^ till I finish this diminishing returns stuff and these business cycles ... oh, well, you’re bound to like some things better than others . . . say. I’ll bet there’s sti).l some of that cake downstairs . . . it’s eleven o’clock . . . guess I’m a little hungry . . . and a glass of milk ...
—30—
NOT . . . you’ve messed around long enough ... you’ll be up till three if you study straight through , . . where’s your will power? . . . three to seven ,. four hours of sleep still, Edison did it . . . and I’m young and can stand a lot . . . darn it! ... I’m not gonna starve myself . . . it’ll only take a couple of minutes to dash off a bit of that cake ..
—30—
BOY, here it is ... my favorite kind, too . .. gotta have some coffee with this ... of course milk is better for you . . but coffee will keep me awake ... say, it’s really getting late , . . eleven forty-five'. . . well, I’ve got a good idea about that Econ for tomorrow . . . I’ll go through it fast and do English next . . . then Mechanics ... "
Dr. Aydelotte Labels Peace Strikes Futile
New York, N. Y.—(AGP)— Students might just as well strike for better weather as engage in peace strikes. - That is what Dr. Frank Aydelotte, president of Swarthmore College, told members of the peace-in-education conference of the Public Education Association. World peace must be a byproduct of justice and cannot come from negative protests against diplomats and munition makers, he asserted. “We, as a jpeople, are willing to demonstrate for peace; we are ready to march in processions, to curse diplomats and bankers and other imaginary devils and to do many things equally irrelevant,” said Dr. Aydelotte. “An excellent example is the peace strike engaged in by college students all over the country. I would not for the world criticize the good faith and the idealism of the young people who engage in it, but so far as any real results are concerned they might as well strike for better weather.”
YWCA Installs Officers For Coming Year
New officers and cabinet members of the Y. W. C. A. were installed at a meeting of that organization yesterday afternoon at 4 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. The officers for 1937-38 are as follows: Dorothy Bryant, president; Dorothy Coan, vice president; Betty Klein, secretary; Peggy Hamilton, treasurer; and June Prentice, Patricia Heine, Marta Mary Hunt, Sylvia Zussin, and Jane Hall, cabinet members. Patricia Jones, out-going president, was in charge and later turned the meeting over to Dorothy Bryant, in-coming president. Miss Marcia Seeber, National Y. W. C. A. State Secretary, attended the 4 o’clock meeting and also attended the cabinet meeting of both old and new members last night in the Y. W. C. A. office. She will be on the campus during the day, and will meet with the Y. W. C. A. advisory board for luncheon.
Scribe Interviews Faculty, Students On Peace Strike Effectiveness
Union To Give Picnic For ‘Castles In The Air,? Cast
Members of the cast of the musical comedy “Castles In The Air,” will attend a picnic given by the Student Union tomorrow at the Boy Scout Camp just outside of Lafayette. Food and transportation to the camp will be furnished. Those who plan to attend should assemble in the Union ballroom at 2 o’clock tomorrow.
De-Perfumed Skunks Riot Fraternity House
Hamilton, N..Y.—(ACP)—When they saw two skunks strolling in their- living room, members of the Sigma Chi fraternity at Colgate University sprinted for open spaces. Daring men who inched their way back into the room got a surprise when they saw a fraternity bi'other stroking the polecats. The brother^ laughed at their wariness and announced that Jimmy and Mitzi were skunks that just couldn’t be offensive. Surgical operations had fitted them for society.
By R. P. Manion Random students and faculty members who attended yesterday morning’s peace demonstration -vd-ere interviewed by telephone last evening. They were asked, “Do you consider the peace strike effective? How do you think it could be made more effective?” Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women, “As an expression of the persons back of the demonstration the meeting was effective. Whether it had any effect on the activities of the persons who attended, I don’t know.” Prof. G. H. Graves, of the mathematics department, “I thought so. Most of our students have no appreciation of world problems, and any work to increase their understanding in world affairs would interest more students in the demonstration.” Carlos Brewer, 4P, “I don’t think the strike was effective because it did not have enough support on the campus. It could probably be made more effective if it were not backed by the Purdue Student Alliance, which is connected with the American Student Union, an organization that is believed by many people to be communistic.” J. M. Baker, 4C, “No, I don’t believe so, because they did not advo cate rational methods of obtaining their ends.” Martha Adaska, 2H, “No, from this morning’s presentation I don’t
think the strike was effective. The students on this, campus are not poltical-minded and it is hard to do anything with them, but more publicity on the meeting would have helped.” Verle Farrow, 3PSE, “It all depends on how you mean effective, but I do think it was worthwhile. More advertising shored make it more effective.” Virginia Slocum, 3S, “I certainly didn’t think it was tinged with any soap-box oratory, as the editorial in this morning’s Exponent said.” Dorothy Martenet, 3S, “No, not particularly. I think the idea of peace is pretty well fixed in the minds of the American people, but what we want to know is how to secure it.” Margaret Dicks, 3H, “I think it was effective. I think it was a good idea.” Frank Milner, 4C, “It wasn’t very convincing. Some of the arguments were good, some awfully weak. I believe that putting up this woman to speak took some of the dignity from the occasion and sort of made a laughing affair out of it.” G. Iddles, 4M, “I didn’t think it was particularly effective. I think it could probably be made more effective by holding a debate consid ering both sides of the question in order to get at the real arguments, instead of just saying things and not proving them.”
PIA Members
Vote Today
Purdue Independent Association will hold an election of officers for the coming year in the main lobby of the Memorial Union Building today from 7 a. m. until 5 p. m. Only members holding membership cards will be allowed to vote. These cards will be checked against stubs in the P. I. A. office. The following members are candidates for office; president, N. M. Parkhurst and R. H. Schlundt; coed executive, Mary Wien; vice-pres-ident, R. B. Clymer and W. Feldman; secretary, Martha Whitehead and Sylvia Zussin; treasurer, W. F. R. Briscoe, D. K. Wells, and S. A. Wright.
Yee Speaks On China F. T. J. Yee, president of the Chinese Student Club, spoke on “China” last night in the Memorial Union Building. The meeting was sponsored by the WPA adult educational program.
Stamp Collectors Meet To Form Club
Several University students and members of the faculty, and towns people met April 21 in the Art Museum to organize a stamp club to stimulate interest in the widespread hobby. The club will be completely organized at its next meeting on Wednesday in the Art Museum. The members will trade and buy stamps at this time. R. M. Nicholas, one of the club’s organizers, urges all students interested in stamps to at tend the meeting.
Kappa Delta Rho
Kappa Delta Rho, social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Ralph Suesse, president; William Molyneaux, senior tribune; Howard Stone, junior tribune; William Steinfeldt, steward; Ralph Hill, traetor; R. B. Newhouse, pro-traetor; James Kirkpatrick, house manager; Harry Krzewinski, athletic manager; and Carl Yngve, centurion.
Ted' Pepper's Hot Tamale
Miss Hazel Scott, vocalist with “Red” Pepper’s orchestra, will give a thirty minute floor show at Saturday night’s mixer. The band has been featured on Eddie Cantor’s Chase and Sanborn Hoi|r.
Independents Dance To Barker’s Music Tonight
Tonight members of the Purdue Independent Assceiation will dance to the music of Paul Barker and his 13-piece orchestra at their annual spring formal affair, lliis dance, which is scheduled to begin at 9 o’clock in the Memorial Union ballroom, will climax the social activities of the P. I. A. for the season.
Paul Barker’s
orchestra hails
from Indianapolis. It features the singing of a trio of girls who style themselves the “Charming Chansonettes.” Melba Grove, one of the “Chansonettes,” is the director of
this trio.
Spring Attire P. I. A. officials in charge of the dance announced that a regular spring formal outfit of dark trousers with a white coat or white flannels with a dark coat will be a suitable dress for the dance. They also stated that dress shirts will not be
necessary.
Members of the P. I. A. will be admitted free upon presentation of their membership cards. Non-mem-bers will be required to pay a membership fee of one dollar. ,
Scrivener Club, Campus Literary Society, Pledges 25
Scrivener Club, literary honorary society, announces the pledging of the following; Elizabeth Abel, J. C.' Allen, Florence Beilke, M. L. Billings, W. B. Billings, J. W. Buck, E. D. Carr, T. M. Dakin, Mary C. Davis, Ruth Ezra, Patricia Heine, Jeanne Horwitz, R. Jenkins, J. R. McCaffrey, Alice Martens, R. F. Munro, J. Nitsche, D. Paarlberg, A. R. Peirce, A. Shevchik, R. Squires, Helen Steffee, Marianna Wilson, and Joan Wimborough.
Trustees Call For Ag. Chem. Building Plans
Plans for a new Agricultural Chemistry Building were requested by the University Board of Trustees at their regular quarterly meeting Wednesday, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott, and first proposals on the new Horticulture building were discussed, although neither structure can be projected finally until approved by the state budget committee. The recent session of the Indiana General Assembly provided funds for such construction, which, however, will not become available until after July 1, the beginning of the fiscal year. Approval of preliminary steps for inauguration of the faculty retirement fund was also made by the board Wednesday, it was announced, but final action on the plan will be taken at the June meeting of the board. Under this plan, the state appropriation of $50,000 a year will be matched by a like sum by the faculty members from their own salaries. Further details of the plan will be worked out during the coming months.
Boarfl Approves Leaves Of Absence
Dr. I. Walerstein, of the University physics department, has been granted a leave of absence for part of next year so that he can continue his studies in Utrecht, Holland, it was stated yesterday. Six other leaves of . absence were appi’oved by the University Board of Trustees at the same time, most of them being for further study in several American imiversities.
FACULTY MEETING
^o Members of the University Faculty; The r-egular monthly meeting of the fadulty will be held on Monday, April 26, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT* , Presidettt
Miss Mavern Cherry, soloist with Paul Barker’s band, will be featured at the P. 1. A. Annual Spring Formal tonight.
Professor Of English Likes Slang With ‘Tang^
Norman, Okla.—(ACP)—^If you want to sling tjie slang, it’s “okeydoke” with Dr. B.' A. Botkin, professor of English at the University of Oklahoma, just ^ long as it has an original tang. “Streamlined grammar, or slang, is as old as the proverbial hill,” informed Dr. Botkin. “Shakespeare used plenty of slang, and Carl Sandbimg has it in his latest book.” The “slang-slivers” that get under the Oklahoma professor’s skin are “oh, yeah,” “so’s your old man,” “I’ll tell the world,” “hot mama,” “hot stuff,” “hot-cha,” and “hot papa.” 'These expressions annoy Dr. Botkin because they are worn out and because they lack originality, vigor and zest.
Dr. Hass Appointed Head Of Chemistry Department
Dr. Henry B. Hass, Director of Research of the University department of chemistry for the past year and member of the staff since 1928, has been appointed head of the department of chemistry effective on July 1, it was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott following approval of the University Board of Trustees. Dr. Hass graduated from Ohio Wesleyan in 1921 and took his M. A. and Ph. D. degrees at Ohio State University. He has been associated with the development of a new method of maldng cyclopropane, an anaesthetic, and for this work was made a Fellow* of the Internatioanl College of Anaesthetists. Nitration of saturated hydro-car-bon gases was another phase of his research that attracted wide attention, and is now being put into practice by leading chemical companies. He was also associated in industry with gas research.
Eta Kappa Nu Takes In Twelve New Men
Eta Kappa Nu, electrical etngineering honorary, initiated 12 men in a ceremony held Tuesday night in the Memorial Union BuUding. Following the ceremony a banquet was held in the reception room at which R. B. Stewart, University controller, made the $rincipal a^.' dress. Other talks included a welcome by W. L. Wearly, and a response by R. D. Birge. Those who were initiated are as foUowsi J, M. Sheadell, E< Alex*' ander, M. D. Barrows, C. D. Ehing^ er, D. T. Lowery, N. H. Hale, B, L. Everett, L, C. Schaefer, M* M, Huffman, J. P. Rowland, O, B. Qihsqm, and R. D. Birge*
r (pj*
-^1 ■M
"SI .I'jf
'‘A
■■ 'Air'Mi'A
y'&0SAEntered ns second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana Delivered ^ nail, $8^0 per year; ddivered by carrier, |2.60 per year; sold by a single copy, 2 cents,
iM, i
THEPintPTJEEXPOUffiKT I ' ' ' Fridir, April as. iW ' '
€t)e ^uttiue exponent
Ponnded In 1888
•I
Bosiness Phone 5088
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
rn urn o ^gpciated gbttogiatc ^roaa«
mntOH WISC0N9N RBPaaSBNTED POa NATIONAL ADVBRTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Pmbtisken Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston • ban Francisco LOS ANGELES - Portland • Seattle
editorial board OF CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech,' E. H. Morris. L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. U ^ler
Sophomore Assistants
Bold and Black Editor.
W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J. R. Clark L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder. H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance
E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF x, r rt \ Business Manager - — y TWwn National Advertising Manager— — Local Advertising Manager— 'S i'T'iu r^' Advertising Assistants —W. J. Gilhlan, R. R. Hensler, JL C. R^es Circulation Manager — i? T Circulation Assistante — F. C. Robbins, F. T. Swam
SPORTS STAFF
^lMiatrEditom....'z."'.'."h; ii'fleid;'s;'fc'"Griffit^^^^
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , „ ,
Jffelen Creech Associate Editors—7... Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabett Py^ Advertising Manager. - — B^tty Barnett
Issue Editor—G. Mueller
..L. D. Wood
EMitor..
Suggestions For PI A Elections Blame for irregularities in the conduct of elections usually belongs to the officials supervising the elections. No matter how honest the candidate, he cannot completely control the actions of other persons interested in his getting into office; consequently, laxity of the elections board will result in crooked practices. So it is more to those members of the Purdue Independent Association who will preside at the elections of the organizations today rather than to the candidates in the field that we address this editorial. Following last year’s election, reports circulated about the campus by students actively connected with the affair told of students voting several times on the same membership card and of non-member persons voting on the cards of members who were unable to or did not choose to vote. The chief weaknesses in carrying out those elections were evidently the lack of a suitable means for recognizing the voter as the person whose membership card he carried and the failure to mark the cards as they passed by the board. The use of almost any sort of a punch or stamping apparatus will easily remedy the latter matter. Identifying the voter with the association membership card is going to be a little more difficult, especially since neither the card itself nor the stub which the organization keeps on file bears the signature of the purchaser. Requirement of identification other than a P. I. A. ticket, say a driver’s permit or a class schedule card, will make the practice of voting on another person’s ticket difficult and risky enough to discourage some politicians. Alertness of the elections board should be accompanied by confiscation of any illegally used card and the deprivation of membership privileges from the owner. The holding of the P. I. A. spring dance on the night following the voting is a factor favorable to a better election. Members "vj^ho for any reason do not choose to vote will hesitate at lending out their membership cards at the risk of losing the privilege of attending the dance. We suggest that in future years a signature of each member be filed by the association for election purposes.—R. P. M. What Is An Amateur? For many years, in baseball, boxing, and golf, athletes have been “cashing in” on their muscular prowess. Recently, professional football has come to the fore as a rival of baseball in popularity. The shortness of the season is nearly all that keeps it from grossing as much at the box office as the summer sport. In the last five years, swimming, tennis, and track stars have become aware that their particular line of sport may bring them some material recompense. Johnny Weismuller, in particular, cashed in on his swimming ability when he made the “Tarzan series of motion pictures. He made no bones about the fact that he was receiving money for making them. Mildred “Babe” Didrickson, one of this country’s most famous woman athletes became so disgusted, when her indorsal of a popularly manufactured automobile, was investigated as an infringement of the amateur rules that she made a public announcement that she was turning professional. Recently, Glenn Morris, the Olympic Decathalon champion, had his affairs investigated as a result of the announcement that he was to make a new “Tarzan” motion picture. The script writers had been very careful that nothing would be in the picture that would require him to use any of his athletic training except his muscles. Are the solons who rule the amateur sports world capable of saying that an activity that does not have anything to do with a sport mark the participator in that activity as a professional ?—D. R. V.
Military Department Will Arrange Classes
To The Exponent:
Yesterday there appeared in the Reader’s Opinion column of the Exponent an article to the effect that the Military Department has placed a hardship upon students who work during lunch timej%This article was written by some despondent mili-
tary student.
His impression concerning the policy of the Military Department was entirely erroneous. Any student who will arrange to see Captain Hayford and give definite proof that he,has a permanent job with which a military class interferes, can have the dasB changed to some other hour. N^e: The above reply to yesterday’s opinion, written by /^Discouraged,” was brought to the Exponent by the imblldty officer of the MUitary Department, and was un-
COEDS NOTE . . . (for variety only) ... a two-bit columnist is on the slate today . . . the name . . . KIM, he says ... I don’t believe him either, but when ya gotta stoop to conquer .. . FOR VARIETY ONLY ? KIM’S gonna write a good (?) colyum an leave out DIRT . . . in-so-much as it’s cheap ... he waxes poetic and says . . . All by myself, alone, forsaken While this colyum’s in the makin’ Like scarlet fever people shun Me just because they fear (sumtin) And yet I must to save my face. Fill this awful empty space. Now that the luscious promise of blithesome spring is being signalized by the blatant twittering of some brash song-birds just arrived froln the south and the ever-present obligato of the sparrow . . . phooey, says I, it ain’t worth it . . , She doesn’t know it but (Miss) HELEN B. SCHLEMAN, WRH kicker-outer at large, is the object of a 100 ter 1 bet. A certain D. U. PETERSON, intentions unknown, says, quote “I’ll glorify my home town (Lafayette) ’n’ get a date with you) SCHLEMAN.” unquote .. and the boys took him up. KIM says that this isn’t dirt cause the circumstances make it legal . . . The only difference between a marriage and a funeral is that the first is planned deliberately whil^ the latter is planned unexpectedly or vice-versa. . . Everybudy please note ... I have no durt today on the following peris .. . BINNIE BARNES (guffaw), JIM SHOEMAKER (0 yeah) JEANNE HALLAM (my garsh), VI DAMMEYER (so ’elp me), and last but least “TOURER” SPRING and even if I did I couldn’t use it. . IP FOR NO OTHER REASON I can fill up space with this excerp from the CORNELL DAILY SUN.. Mary had an Elgin watch She swallowed it
It’s gone
Now every time Mary walks, TIME MARCHES ON . . So What EXCEPTION TO THE RULE an’ now some dirt . . . One of those Delt pins out again ... WILD BILL NELSON trips over PI PHI, PEG
DICKS and now she is wearing his badge . . . and will Senator ROYHANS take it... THIS isn’t the VERSE time it’s been in. A gal may sing. A gal may dance, A gal may play “crokay” But she can’t strike a match On the seat of her pants She just ain’t built that way. Sometimes I wonder and then again . . . MARS—WHO—MARS Youse guys and yousq gals write a pome upon the poisanality of some campus celebrities an the pic ture show ducats are yours . . . Make ’em good ... an short... an snappy . . .
Mrs. R. S. Hook, 306 Russell, will be hostess to the Agapai Club Monday, April 26, at 2 o’clock. The program will consist of an illustrated paper on the “American Home”
given by Mrs. Hook.
ARC TODAY—SATURDAY
Kermit Maynard in ‘Wild Horse Roundup’ —and— The Jones Family in “Back to Nature” —also— Crash Corrigan in “Undersea Kingdom”
Club Notes
Today at 2:30 o’clock the Arachne Club will meet at the home of Mrs. W. B. Noble, 221 Sylvia street. The program has not been announced.
The Boswell Research Club will take charge of the next meeting of the Edgewood Club. The meeting will be held in Duncan Hall on Monday, April 26, at 2 o’clock. Hostesses will be Mrs. J. M. Westra, chairman, Mrs. Elmer Gullion, Mrs. H. G. Martin, Mrs. F. M. Wood, Mrs. R. E. Wendt, and Mrs. H. E. Yundt.
Tuesday, April 27, at 3 o’clock, Mrs. R. C. Calvert will be hostess to the Round Table Club. The discussion will be in charge of Mrs. C. C. Harper. The subject will be “My Country And My People.”
The next meeting of the While-A-
LUNA TODAY - SATURDAY Double Feature
with Lew Ayres Benny Baker - Eugene Pallette
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
THE GREATEST DRAMA OP OUR TIME! Soon this- city will cheer the mightiest dramatic spectacle ever unfolded on stage or screen! M-G-M’s greatest triumph—from the prize novel by pearl Buck! Two fortunes to produce! Thousands of things to see! Thousands in its magnificent cast!
iiAM
All Seats Reserved Matinee 50c and 75c Evening 50c, 75c, $1.10 (Including Tax) Box Office open Mon. 11 tOO A. M. MAIL ORDERS NOW
TWO DAYS ONLY Fri. and Sat., April 30, May 1
‘—But if you want to work for your meals, we can use a man once a week to de repairs about the house.”
While Club will take place in the home of Mrs. Otto May, 317 Sylvia street, April 27, at 2:30 o’clock. The subject of discussion will be “Modern Household Conveniences.”
“Inside Europe” by John Gunther will be reviewed by Mrs. C. W. Carrick for the West Lafayette Reading Club at its next meeting. Wednesday, April 28, at 2:30, is the time of the meeting and it will be held in the home of Mrs. L. S. Robertson, 726 Vine street.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
Family TODAY — SATURDAY 2 First Run Hits!
Gene Autry in “The Old Corral” —and— Walter McGrail Queenie Smith in ‘Special Agent K-7’
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
MIDj^ITE Preview Sat. 11:30
BEST "GOLD DIGGERS" Y^Tl DICK POWELL JOAN BLONDELL IlNIl
The glorious climax to Worner Bros.' sc ri e s of ni u s hed I , h;i.+ . w-i fh VICTOR MOORE ibENDA FARR ElDlL . ^ LEE DIXON* OSGOOD PERKINS ROSMiiiiMARatlS
Regular Engagement STARTS SUNDAY
IT’STRUEI
PICTURES JEAN w~ii Ras Au fAMS THE WRLD, YET IN ACTUAL LIFE SHE HAS NEVER BEEN FURTHER THANI ^"^^^^NEVYORK ! T , ■ "DIRECTDRVS ( VAN DYKE, WHO ^ , HAS AAADE PICTURES IN ALASKA, AFRICA ' THE SOUTH SEAS, DOESN'T UKE, ^10 TRAVEL '
RE6INA1D0WEN' IS CAST AS ROBERT TAYLOR'S BROTHER U •PERSONAL PROPERiy “ t
JEAN mm PRESENTED HER MAID WITH A NEW ROADSTER AS A 6IFT IN APPRECIATION OF LOYALJERVICES.
® TRUEI that six years ago director W. S. Van Dyke spoke to a group of school children. One of the youngsters wanted to know how to train herself to become a motion picture actress,” says Wiley Padan. “Van Dyke advised her to read all the books and plays she could lay her hands on rad to seek out amateur theatricals. She grew up and now plays Jean Harlow’s nval in M-G-M’s ‘Personal Property.’ Her name is Marla Sheltonl”
$
E.G.CLtV&' eAVERGB'TTAYliOR HIS FIRST PROFESSIONAL JOB INTHEROlEcfAMOVIE STAR AT THE HOLLIVCZDD PLAYHOUSE. /•-»'( I ' /
Vi*
f V*-
> t/
raE i»tmpuE bxi»Pnej?t
f g. J-J,
mS^mmmSm
Diamondmen Nose Out Wabash, 6-5
Large Crowd Witnesses First Home Encounter
By Dick Obenchain Last night the Purdue nine came through m the last half of the 8th inning to score the winning run in the Wabash-Purdue game on Intramural Fie'id. 1600 fans saw the local squ^d defeat the Little Giants, 6 to 6, in typical Boilermaker fashion. ' The game seesawed back and forth with both teams jn the lead at various times. The exhibition was typically early season as nine errors were chalked up — six of the misplays were against the opponents. Co-Captam Martin was very effective after he entered the game in the sixth inning as he struck out five Little Giants in the next two and two-thirds innings until he was removed for a pinch hitter in the last of the eighth. Gruca, Wabash third baseman drew a walk to start the game. Bob Rosser proved to have the game well in hand for the rest of the inning by forcing White and Van Duzar to ground out to him and making Jones fly out to Baker. In the last of the first, Baker was thrown out, Beswick to Hanscom. Malaska struck out. Mangas took first on Cooney’s error and scored on Alexander's error on Breslin’s fly to right field. Joe Waling ended the inning wlien he grounded to the Wabash shortstop. Breslin Hits Homer Wabash came back in the first of the third to score two runs to go into the lead, 2 to 1, when Jones knocked a homer with White on base. But Purdue came back to score four runs as Breslin hit a four-bagger with Mangas aboard and Botney and Ainslie scored on an error by White on Rosser’s fly to deep center. In the sixth the Little Giants knocked out Rosser and knotted the score at five all. Purdue was held at bay until the last of the eighth when strategy allowed the Boiler-
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Servlnp Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
TODAY - SATURDAY Double Feature
WE’RE CARRYING THETORCH FOR TORCHY! Meet Torchy Blane, a hardr:: boiled repoKer: WitbiasofUboii-s ed heart...in
—and-
HARD AS STEEL — BLASTING HIS WAY THROUGH TROUBLE . . . But a Sucker for a Woman’s Kisses!
makers to push across the winning score. Art Bredewater, the first man up in this inning, doubled and advanced to third on a sacrifice bunt by Bartz, who pinch hit for Lefty Martin. Bredewater then scored on a long sacrifice fly to the Wabash right fielder by Baker. George Slips The show of the game came in the first half of the ninth when relief pitcher George muffed himself into a hole and pitched himself out. The first man up, White, singled. Jones, next man up, bunted a pop up which George played too safe (safe all around) as he was unable to pick up the ball after it dropped at his feet. Pitcher George settled down and squelched the Little Giant hopes in short oi^^der. Van Duzar forced out White by grounding to' Breslin. George then fanned Hanscom and pinch hitter Hester. Box score: Purdue. Player AB R H E Baker, rf 4 ' 0 0 0 Malaska, cf 5 0 0 0 Mangas, If 3 2 11 Breslin, 3b 4 12 0 Waling, ss 4 0 0 1 Lucas, 2b 4 0 2 0 Botney, lb 4 10 0 Ainslie, c 10 0 0 Bredewater, c 2 1 1 0 Rosser, p . 2 0 1 J Martin, p 10 0 0 George, p. 0 0 0 0 ’‘•Bartz 0 0 0 0 ’"’"Lyboult 0 10 0
Totals
34 6 7 3
Wabash. Player AB R H E Gruca, 3b 4 0 0 0 White, cf 3 110 Jones, If 5 12 0 Van Duzar, c 5 1 2 0 Hanscom, lb 5 0 0 0 Alexander, If 4 1 1 1 Berquist, If 10 0 0 Cooney, 2b ^ 3 1 1 2 Prestin, p 10 0 0 Davi?, p 2 0 0 0 Beswick, ss 4 0 2 3 ’’'Hester 10 0 0 Totals 34 5 9 6 ’" Batted for Martin in the 8th. Batted for Ainslie in the 3rd. Batted for Berquist in the 9th. Winning pitcher, Martin; losing pitcher, Prestin.
The Risk Dental Clinic DS. PAUL A. BUS DR. HAROLD J. BISK DR. BOBBRT G. BISK DR. LUTHRR A. RISK 400 Schulta Bldg. Phone 5701
CfeiSia. MAKER £>U£ LINDEN MICKEV ROONEY ICHARlEYOR/mnN Today - Sat.
JOHN SmTHERS Michigan Pitcher John Smithers, outstanding Wolverine twirler, was ineligible last year, but will probably see plenty of action this season.
P. E. Lull Slated As Anchor Man On Faculty Tug Team By J. S. Brown “Sure, we’ll beat ’em! We’ll wipe up the camp with ’em!” exclaimed Prof. W. T. “Bill” Miller heatedly, when interviewed yesterday as to the prospects of his five-man tug-of-war faculty team coming out ahead in the student-faculty tug-of-war this Saturday. The contest will be held at Ross Camp a| a feature of the first annual Spring Spree, student-faculty get-together and picnic sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, j Big Men “I’m going to have some of the biggest men in the University on the squad,” he went on to say. “We will show the students that they can’t get ahead of us—in school, out of school, or anywhere.” Prof. Miller’s starting lineup has not been selected as yet, but judging from the tentative list of eligible “pullers” he should be able to get a championship team. Coxswain “I plan to have a good-sized squad out, so I can have plenty of material to choose from,” he said. “Cole and Raub will probably be in the starting lineup, and Pop Doan, Venemann, Ewing, and Mason may possibly see action. Right now I’m working to get P. E. Lull on the squad—with him as anchor man, myself as lead-off man, and Doc McKee as coxswain, we’ll have a team that will be able to lick singlehanded any five men the students can put up.”
Former Track Star Dies Ray P. Ankenbrock, ’13, former Purdue track star, died at his home in Indianapolis Wednesday following a heart attack. Besides being a member of the track team while in school, he was also musical director of the Harlequin Club during his senior year.
STANDINGS
—National League— Won Lost Pet. Philadelphia 2 0 1.000 St. Louis 2 0 1.000 Pittsburgh 2 0 1.000 New York 1 0 1.000 Chicago ., . 0 2 .000 Brooklyn 0 1 .000 Cincinnati 0 2 .000 Boston 0 2 .000
Yesterday’s Results Pittsburgh, 4; Chicago, 2. St. Louis, 14; Cincinnati, 11. Other games postponed. —American League— Won Lost Pet. Boston ..... 1 0 1.000 Detroit 1 0 1.000 St. Louis 1 1 .600 Washington . . . 1 1 .600 Philadelphia 1 1 .600 Chicago . • .1 1 .600 Cleveland . . 0 1 .000 New York 0 I .000
Yesterday’s Results Chicago, 6; St. Louis, 1. Other games postponed.
ielder ....ch
# ”y Bob Walpole
s • ♦ * ♦ I oice 1 pole #
The ball game wasn’t half bad . . in fact there was something doing every minute . . . the encounter seemed to feature home runs by batters and tight pinches by the hnrlers ... all in all, however, for a home opener, Dutch Ffehring’s squad performed in a pretty swell manner . . . —^fc— And special mention should be given to the crowd . . , we can’t remember when such a large crowd turned out to view an opening home game ... in fact, perhaps twice in the last three years has there been such a throng at a varsity baseball contest . . . —^fc— We might go on to say that among the Aotables at the game was Carl Heldt, football captain of the 1934 varsity eleven . . . also, a group of Betas were present attempting to learn a thing or two about the old ^ame of baseball . . . you know, of eburse, that they have challenged our lodge to a game of baseball .. . —^fc— But back to the game . . . probably the outstanding events of the afternoon were these ... a very smooth double play from Waling to Lucas to Botney . . . Jones’ homer over Malaska’s head with two out in the 3rd . . . clear weather . . Wabash fly trouble . . . Breslin’s long poke for a circuit drive scoring Mangas ahead of him in the 4th . . Cooney’s score tying drive for the third and last home run of the day . . . Sam Lyboult’s speedy dash for home from the first sack on Rosser’s hit in the 4th . . .
Coaches Attend Football Clinic Approximately 150 Indiana high school and college football coaches will attend Indiana University’s spring football round-up at Bloomington today and tomorrow. Practical demonstrations of football fundamentals will feature the sessions, and at a dinner this evening moving pictures showing the country’s leading teams in action will be shown. As an added feature, a game will be played tomorrow afternoon between Indiana’s prospective 1937 varsity and the 1936 seniors, who have been working out under the direction of the visiting coaches.
TENNIS
Fraternity Class “A” Singles Cement Courts—^Today, 4:15*
Sigma Nu vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Triangle vs. Sigma Pi. Phi Kappa vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. Phi Delta Theta vs. Beta Theta Pi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Phi Pi Phi. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Theta Xi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. Acacia vs. Delta Tau Delta. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Upsilon. Phi 'Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma
Just To Show You Can’t Win In This Day And Age Here’s an irony of fate. Aubrey Devine, Iowa’s all-American quarterback of 1921 played eight years of high school and college football without an‘injury, but a year ago he slipped on a rug and still feels the effects.
Little Theatre Will Give Radio Play Today Lafayette Little Theatre radio group will present “Many Happy Returns” over WBAA today at 3:30 This is a modernistic comedy on a father’s birthday. The cast will be made up of Gertrude Munro, Gladys Newhard, Catherine Ann Cromer, Karl Mueller, Tom Binney, and Gerald Venemann.
|>ON BREWER Michigan Infield^ Don Brewer, the best second baseman Michigan has had in years, will be on hand to offer the Boilermaker diamondmen some keen competition when the Wolverines come here May 14.
BASEBALL
TODAY—4:15 1— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Theta Xi 2— Acacia vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 3— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Phi Pi Phi 4— Delta Chi vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 6— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Kappa Sigma. 7— Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 8— Sigma Nu vs. Theta Chi. 9— Delta Tau Delta vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 10—Alpha Chi Rho vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Tennis Scpiad To Play At Terre Haute The Boilermaker tennis squad will leave here tomorrow morning to play the season's first game with the Indiana State Teachers’ College netmen at Terre Haute. Because of the cold and rainy weather that has prevailed for the last week or so. Coach LaBree has ^ot been able to pick a first string squad as yet, but if there continues to be good weather for a few days he will be able to classify the men. Only Two Veterans There are only two veterans on the squad; Wakefield, a letterman from last year, and Traylor, who was on the squad two years ago. These two men are virtually assured of a place on the squad. Saturday’s tentative lineup is Wakefield, No. 1; Traylor^ No. 2; Gardner, No. 3; and Mann, Jackson, Brodsky, or Winter, No. 4. There are several other promising men out who may earn permanent berths on the squad if they show improvement. Among these are Linn, Wilkins, Moses, Juve, Lown, and Craig. Coach LaBree was fairly confident of success in to-morrow’s tilt. He said “Because of the rainy period holding up the start of practice, I’m not sure how strong the team is, but if they keep improving like they have the last few days believe they will turn in a creditable account of themselves.”
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING fmr a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
NO SHOVINGin the TWO FAST MOVING LINES
or THE
a,'
xtetLi
La
in the
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION ^n«r of Campua—Ctnttt of Adivitv
\ -f L
- ;v Vtf
S wk ^4! am 1r\l'.} t' V
Pi«eF«w
h I m i *-
THE PUEDHE EXt»ONENT
' Friday, April 2^, 1987
May Day Holds S^nificance As Health Day Indianapolis, April 22.—May Day as Child Health Day holds within it the power of a great vision. Its goal is to focus the intei’est of the nation upon perfected childhood— with the hope qf a start in life free sound, and richly potential for every child. Rallying Point The day was designated to become, like the Maypole, a central rallying point for all the diverse activities concerned with the welfare of children. Inaugurated in 1924 under the au^spices of the American Child Health Association as a revival of the traditional festival day, May Day has expanded in meaning. Health Education Every community should on May Day stimulate efforts to build permanent health education and health services It has been designated by an Act of Congress and by Governor M. Clifford Townsend. The State Board of Health and Governor Townsend call upon all agencies and persons interested in child health to cooperate in pronioting a piogram not only for May Day, but for all the year.
Small Audience Attends Peace Demonstration (Continued from page 1)
suffered to bring life into the world.” Does He? “The student looks at peace and war—or does he?” asked R. A. Buckles, sophomore in the electrical engineering school, final speaker of the program, in beginning his forcefully delivered talk “The Student Looks At Peace And War.” Buckles inferred that most of us are opposed to war but that is usually as far as we go; that we are so busy learning to bring about progress that we fail to study how to preserve it. Results of a poll taken by the Peace Committee yesterday follow (1) sixty-seven out of 90, or 74 per cent, of the voters favored decreasing the present billion dollar war budget; (2) 61 out of 91, or 67 per cent, favored an optional military training at Purdue; (3) 40 out of 74, or 54 per cent, were opposed to
Signs Bill
Watched by Doctor Verne K. Harvey, director of the Indiana State Board of Health, Governor M. Clifford Townsend signs the Proclamation urging all Indiana to observe Child Health Day, May 1st. Governor Townsend urged “a deeper realization by the people of the necessity for the protection and promotion of the health of the children.”
WRH Plans ‘Viennese Waltz’ Spring Formal “A Viennese Waltz” will be the theme of the Women’s Residence Hall’s annual spring formal to be held on May 1. Barbara Sweeney is chairman and is working with her committee which is composed of: Janet Burton, Margaret Crankshaw, Dorothy Hewitt, Althea Jorgeson, Martha Moorhead, Gaby D. Roe, and Muriel Smith. Bud Bryant and his orchestra will play from 9:00 until 12:00.
Household Notes-"
the industrial mobilization plan as embodied in the Hill-Sheppard bill; (4) 55 out of 88, or 63 percent, said that they would not support the entrance of the United States into war unless the continental United States is invaded. Buckles, chairman of the Purdue Student Alliance, stated last night, “I consider it a tribute to democracy and to the University administrators themselves that, although they did not agree with some of the things we said this morning, they allowed us to hold our demonstration.”
Ginger Ale — Lime Rickey
24-oz. Bottle 10c, Dad’s Place .
Plus Bottle Charge . • • So Handy
Greater Distance
Straighter Shots
Spalding Bobby Jones Kro-Flite Irons WITH "Jones Form Grip'
If you’ve wondered what gives the owner of Spalding Bobby Jones Irons that satisfied look, /jere are the reasons: 1. The Flanue Sole, “Saved” weight in the construction of the club is added in a flange sole with the result: Irons, one number longer in distance and the feeling to quote Bobby Jones, that the blade “seems to flow through the ball.”
The Jones "Form Grip/' It’s ridged where the fingers crease over to reduce sidewise twist. It’s recessed for heel of hand, to prevent forward slip during down swing and it’s flattened along the right side to telegraph direction. These features make for a freer grip and straighter shots by reducing tension and promoting better control. Come in and try it with your eyes closed . . . it's uncanny how right It is.
DECKER’S BOOK STORE
$18,520 Main St.
Phone 6477
Midnight snacks often have a piquancy and allure that other meals seem to miss. The lateness of the hour, the gaiety of the pair or foursome, and the unexpected concoctions can combine to make a midnight feast more than memorable.
Stuffed, ripe, or plain olives are easy and effective appetizers. While a group of noisy people are buttering bread, they can prepare for the real food by eating fresh cucumber pickles.
WBAA
-TODAY—
Mr.
11:00—Principles of Sociology,
Theodore K. Noss.
11:50—Purdue News Flashes IZiOO—Agricultural Forum, J. C Bot-
' turn. Miss Eva I Buel.
12 .16—Luncheon Dance Time 12 :30—Athletic Review, Bob Heme.
12 :46—^Mrs. M. L. Clevett.
1.00—Retail Division of Chamber of
Commerce, Mary Wagner
1:16-—You and Your Health, “Whoop-
ing Cough”, Dr Miller 1:30—Great Inventions.
1:45—^Market, weather reports
2:00—Helen Steen, piano.
2 :16—Commercial Law, Mr. L.
Mmier.
3 :00—Lafayette Musical Society. 3 :30—Lafayette Little Theatre Drama. 4:00—Paul Emerson, pianist. 4 30—Twilight Musicale 4:15—The Traveler and His Magic ’ Carpet. 4:45—Charles Forburger, piano.
G.
Canned meats— corned beef, deviled ham, chicken or beef mixtures —can be kept chilling in the refrigerator and be almost ready to serve at any time. As sandwich fillings they are ideal.
Cans of asparagus or tiny green beans can be chilled in the refrigerator and served with tart mayonnaise as salad. Again, easy and convenient.
For hot dishes, delicious spaghetti or baked beans already with sauces can be obtained in cans.
Vienna, salt-rising, or Kosher bread add interest and variety to the meal.
Prepared sandwich fillings in a number of fiavors, colors, and types c^n be bought at any grocery. The canned foods make midnight snacking simple, quick, and pleasant.
The “Hell Week” practice at Northwestern University has been severely circumscribed and restricted by resolution of the interfraternity council.
Classified Ads.
CHALLENGE
You women who are proud of your cake and pie baking— we want you to know we hare the same personal pride in our baked products. We are just as thrilled as you would be when we take a savory, full-flavored, rich cake from the oven. And we think we’re as successful as any fine home baker. We’d like to have you try one of our cakes today and see if we’re right. Graves’ Quality Bakery Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
X
Senate—^There will be no meeting this week. —MARTIN.
Alpha Phi Omega—Persons taking cars to Spring Spree who have room for more passengers, please leave name and number of seats available at 3091. —LOUDERBACK.
Tau Beta Pi—Pledges call at 132 Sheetz stieet for constitutions. —TIEMAN.
Engineering nonoraries—Secretaries of Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, and Tau Beta Pi get tickets to banquet from me at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house. —WRAY. W. A. A. Archery—Intramural tournament April 23, with Ward 1 vs. Ward 2; and Chi O’s vs. Ward 3. —WARD.
Independents—Important practice of the orchestra in the tower room April 23 at 7 p. m. —FRAME.
W. S .G. A.—Meeting of Festival Day poster committe April 23 at 4 p. m. in the W. S. g; A. office. —BRISCOLL.
Kappa Delta Pi—Important meeting in room 208 of the Education Building at 4 P. m., April 23. —CHANCELLOR.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Crood Printmg—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Sophomore Union Worker#—All sophomore Union workers must turn in signed petitions to me by April 24. Blanks may be obtained in the Student Union Office. —SCHOLER
Fi Tau Sigma—Baseball game April 23 at 4 p m. between the faculty members^ and actives and pledges of the Pi Tau Sigma fraternity. —MORRISON.
W. A. A. Archery—^The tournament contests originally scheduled for April 21 will be played April 23 The following matches will be played April 22, at 4 p. m. Kappa Alpha Theta vs. Ward 1. Ward 2 vs. Ward 3. WARD.
WHITE SHOES For Spring wear. You will find the latent in styles and the best in values in Loeb’s Budget Shoe Department. $2.98 AND $3.98
BUDGET SHOE DEPARTMENT Down Stairs LOEB & HENE CO. SOUTH SIDE OF SQUARE
P. E. W. Horseback Riding—Following girls report to the Women’s Gymnasium April 23, at the following hours: 1:30—'Treva Berry, Virginia Wilking, Dorothy Roberts, Barbara Dobson, Helen Ramsey, Jean BeCmer, and Georgia Elliott. 2 :30—Georgianna Pittman, Virginia Tislow, Sara McIntosh, Peg Dix, Marjorie Blalock, Pat Jones, and Janet MacDougal. —HAZELTON.
Frajemity Presidents—Please fill out the
entry blanks for Bridge Tournament and return today. —RElD.
Union Workers—^My committee meet in Union workshop at 4 o’clock. —PUTZE. Students’ Bible Class—Meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building, April 23 at 7:30 p m. Topic: Hebrews. Everybody welcome —PETERSEN. Co-ed Swim—There will be co-ed swimming April 23 in Memorial Gymnasium at 7:30. —SGHWEHN. Scrivener—Editorial meeting April 23, at 8 p. m. in the Scrivener office. —BROCK.
W. A. A. Council—Compulsory meeting at 6 o’clock April 23 in the W. A. A. office. Please be prompt. —DELAPLANE. Tau Beta Pi—Pledges call at 132 Sheetz street for constitutions. —KEEMAN.
Playshop Stage Crew—^Important meeting the sub-basement of the Union at 4 p. m. April 23. Please be present. —BRENMAN.
Radio Club—Meeting April 23, at 7:30 p m. at W9YB radio room. All members are urged to attend. —BERNSTEIN.
W. A. A. Track and Field—^The first track and field met will be held April 28 at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Will those who signed up for it and all others who are interested please attend this first meeting. —BOOK.
Lutheran Student Club—^Meeting April 25 at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. —MAAHS.
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at SOUTHWORTHS
Close Harmony If you’re in tune with the times, you’ll wear only Arrow shirts with their proper team mates, Arrow ties. The tenor on the right wears the Kent model, an oxford shirt in new polychrome stripes—$2. The Arrow tie is particularly designed to go with it—^$1. On the left is Arrow Hitt with the Aroset wiltless collar—12. Mitoga—'tailored to jit Sanforized Shrunk
We Carry a Full Line of Arrow Shirts DEWENTER’S