s “ "i"’*|*'i . f', ‘T\ ‘ 'll'’ . ^V-c ' **'’ i\ I " ,i ,,fe'C T' . I I > -n- ^ ^ ^ ■ 'I'i ’^1*
'' -, ^ I f. .<; H, ‘I''
',11
r’’ ^ 5 ’ V ^
L , /' ■5' '
t V ■
, V '
\ 11 iv i w
/
Welcome To High School. Deliatert Of Hooiier Slate
ffim
Shopping 6iti^ Meilhi IH Choosing Chritfmjlo
Volume 53, No. 71
West Lafayette, Indiana
Ffiday, December 5, ISII
Conference Opens
Today
Loyal Alumnus IV Herbeck's Sold To Firestone Orchestra
To Play At 9
Gov., Schricker, Dr. Preston Scott, F- Harold Van Orman Will Deliver Talks; 264 High School Students To Take Part In Legislature
Loyal Alumnus IV, prize winning steer and grand champion of the 42 International Livestock exposition at Chicago was sold at auction yesterday to Leonard K. Firestone, one of the five sons associated in the Firestone Tire and Rubber company. The jet black animal will be exhibited to 4-H clubs and other breeding organizations throughout the country. In bidding for the animal the bids were fast and heated so that the steer sold for a price equaling the price of last year’s champion. Firestone bid per-
sonally for the animal and the final price was $3.30 per pound for the 983 pound animal raised and bred here at the University. The grand champion was fed and cared for by beef-cattle herdsman, Gillie
Stewart.
The purple ribbon winner lost 13 pounds during the show. The excitement and constant parading of the steer chused him to lose weight, so that when it came to weighing him for the final sale he was 13 pounds below his former weight. Loyal Alumnus will be given a repx’ieve from death for twelve months during the tour. At the end of thatj period the decision will be made as to the fate of the animal. Only one other grand champion has escaped the fate of the butcher's knife. The other steer was the 1936 winner who was bought by Mrs.
Union Formal Features 'Music For Romance' At Non-Corsage Dance “Music for Romance” will be featured by Ray Rerbeck and his orchestra tonight at
Elliott, Elward Talk M Annual Grid Banquet Indianapolis Alumni Honor High School Stars INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 4 — (Special to The Exponent)—About 400 persons, principally Purdue graduates and former students attended the annual football banquet given by the Purdue^ Alumni Club of Indianapolis here tonight at the Indianapolis Athletic Club in honor of the 16 outstanding high school football players of this city. The 21st event of this sort, at which the
Charles Walgreen, The animal is players and their fathers were in-
the annual Union Formal, bombers pursued the
fir^t formal dancP
nrsr an campus lormai aance ^ .. . „„„
of the season. Dancing will begin at 9 in both ballrooms.
BeHyWason,HE'33, To Lecture Sunday Correspondent To Relate
'War Behind Headlines' The annual legislative assembly and debater’s conference for Indiana high school students “War Behind The Headlines” Will morning in the Union. One thousand students from 44 high schools are expected be the topic of Miss Betty Wason’s to register for the affair. Registration for the assembly and conference will begin at 9 a,in. speech this Sunday at 3 p. m. in the in the Union reception room. At this time, lodging assignments will be made, and tfekets. Music Hall. Only recently released badges and programs will be distributed. session of the student legislative assembly will be in the South Ballroom at 10:30. ant coup since the sei&ttt'e of Czecho- Robert Horn, of the University speech department, will introduce Fred Eichhom, cnaimisi^ Slovakia. of the Indiana Public Service Commission, who will preside over the Senate, and James Miss Wason’s broadcast of the es- Knapp, Speaker of the Indiana
House of Representatives, who will be the presiding of-
ficer of the House, After the 9.00 a.
introductions, Governor Hen-
ry F. Schricker will address 10:30 a.
cape of King Haakon of Norway
ance of the band here drew a capacity crowd to the year’s open-
ing Union Mixer. Began at California
Herbeck’s career began at the University of California where he
was a combination
now on her farm near Dixon, 111. The grand-champion will tour the country and be exhibited to 4-H clubs and breeding organizations. The tour will cover the lyhqle of th^i'-fklmiffig' seet'nms' throughout
troduced, had Bob Elson, widely known sports announcer, and President E. C, Elliott of the University and Athletic Director Mai Elward as the speakers. ■* Elward pres'^ted ‘the certificates
of the war in Greece are two of her best known achievements. Always seeming to be on the spot when
Returning to the campus for something happened. Miss Wason ^be meeting..
,, 1 j.. .1 • TT was one of the four American corthe second time this year, Her- respondents to witness the invasion beck will again feature Benny of Greece by the Italians, stabler, who doubles as fea- Covered Post-Munich Crisi.s tured vocalist and member of After covering the po&t-Munich Ray’s trumpet section. Last appear- crisis, Betty Wason returned to this
country, only to go back to Europe in time for the war in Finland. While in Noiway she obtained a world scoop after hitch - hiking across country, and walking ten miles in the snow, only to have her broadcast ruined by bad atmospheric con-
baseball pitcher, ditions.
dentistry student. With secret police trailing her and band leader, she has managed to send stories He oigamzed his over the air fiom most of the Euro-
Dr. Preston Scott, head of the speech department at Wayne Uni-
versity, and P. Harold Van Orman, of Evansville, for m e r Lieutenant Governor of Indiana, will be among the headline speakers on today’s program. Scott will deliver the critique following the Wisconsin - Purdue debate this Van Oiman will
the country, "[i^he eroks-bred animal, medals to the gridiron players Herbeck
part Angus and part Shoi thorn will tenant the truck designed for show purposes. This palacC/On wheels is provided with running watei, heat
and air conditioning, w.s. Elmo S. Watson
who were picked by local sports writers as the best m India,napolis high schools during the season. Dr. Elliott, who was on the way home from a speaking tiip to alumni clubs in Buffalo, N. Y., and Dayton, 0., told of his own interest in sports and of listening to Elson and El-
now famous or- pean countries. Her close calls in- ^ chestra before elude the story of imprisonment by ^ einoon, an
graduation from the Nazis. When the Nazis reached evening, college, and soon Athens she was making the last Students Become Senators after graduation broadcast from that city, knd had The legislative assembly, which gave up hopes for been left by British pilots on whom will function in the same manner as
an-athletic cafeei-sh# had dependEd~tmi-'frafiS}TOTtat:~-^*^w^-a^>e"^dy?cOmsists-(jf “Sena---
and concentrated tion. Although she was allowed still tors” 'hnd 196 “Representatives,” ~ ^ | ^
on the develop- another broadcast, and a visit tq a elected by their respective schools. AyiafiQn ExamlnlnO Faciimn C#IiAaI ilaail
Nazi concentration camp. Miss Was- The student legislatois will consider t AcffffffIffIC/ rdSniOll jCllOOl lleW
Debaters’ Program
11 .00 a. 1 ] .00 a.
12 30 p. 1 00 p
-Registration — Reception Room, Memdriat Union Building, Room 230 -Opening Session of Student Legislation Assembly—South Ballroom, Union -Practice Debates—Round I -Committee Meetings for Members of the Legislative” Assembly begin. (Headquarters, Room 230, Union Building) -Legislative Assembly Meetings
-Sectional Meetings
1. Dramatics—Eliza Fowler Hall 2. Radio—WBAA Audience Studio, Hall of
Music
3. Voice Improvement—Speech Clinic Lab-
oratories—University Hall
3.00 p m —Intercollegiate Debate—Eliza Fowler Hall—
University of Wisconsin vs. Purdue Critique and Analysis of the Debate Meeting of faculty representatives ' ^ -
Conference Banquet—North and South felt-
rooms, Union
Play, "The Petrified Forest"—Eliza Fowkwr
Hall , _
4-00 p 4 45 p. 5:45 p.
8 ‘30 p. m.-
Journalism, Northwestern Univer-
arrive for a 1 Engineering-
day, Dec. 13. He will remain in conference with them during the after-
noon.
ment of his band.
Cooperating with the recommendation of the Student Senate that there be no corsages for any dance other than Military Ball, Prom, and Sophomore Cotillion, the Student Union has announced that the Union Formal tonight will be a non-corsage affair. The band’s first bi gtime chance
son paid high tiibute to the Univer-
professor in the School of gj|.y -^voik. He said Cecil Isism. Northwestern Univer- jjgjj foi'mer Purdue gridiron lumi-
sity, will arrive for a luncheon with ^ary was the greatest iootball play- coast-to-coast the Civil Engineering staff Satur- gr in America today broadcast. Since then it has
W. Hemy Roberts,’vice-president ^
of the general alumni association, was toastmaster and Arthur C. Wilson, president of the local club, pie-
sided. A1 Stewait, choial director, ^03f} JonklHS
led the group in singing and Marvin Smith, tenor soloist for the Glee Club, scored a great hit with seveial
numbeis.
All members of the Pqrdue athletic staff and several University
on was eventually arrested in Vienna and taken to Berlin, a.l.w. F. S. Deibler Will SpeaR At AAUP Banquet Tonight In Home Ec Dining Room Featuring Frederick S. Deibler, chairman of the department of eco-
ord-breaking performances in Chi- nomics at Noithwestern University,
69 bills submitted by the high schools. The bills will be leferred to committees and will then follow the usual parliamentary procedures. Committee meetings for Assembly members will begin at 11 a. m. and will continue until 3 p.m. Uni-
CHANGE OF SCHOOLS Students who expect to change
from one school within the University to another at the end of the present semester are advised to obtain the necessary blanks at once from the Registrar’s office.
R. B. Stone Registrar
cago, Pittsburgh, and Los Angeles, as their speaker, the American As-
sociation of Univeisity Professors will hold a dinner meeting in the Home Economics dining loom tonight at 6:15 p. m. This is to be an open meeting. Tickets will be 65
' ‘ .... v............. ... cents and may be bought at the door. a committee for the inspection of -r. ,
“The Association, Its Principles
. . . has gone to Dos Moines, Iowa, where he will seive as chairman of
Drake University’s College of Pharmacy. The inspection is being made
officials attended. Indianapolis m^n to evaluate the status of the college on the varsity and fiosh squads also for the American Association of weie guests. Colleges of Pharmacy.
Pictures For Defense
New Equipment Arrives For Defense Lab As Work Begins On Photography
and Works” will be the subject of th^ speakci’s talk. Diebler, who has been national president of the association for the past two years, was a charter member of the organization and had served op several boards before his presidency, c.f.h. WBAA Will Feature Choir At 4:30 Today
Board To End Stay On Campus Today Today is the last day for flying ea.det applicants to be examined- by the Aviation Cadet Board. Headed by Major Joseph F. More, this jioard, which is meeting in room 106 of the Chemical Engineering Building, is interviewing and examining young men between the ages of 20 and 26 for positions as pilots, bombardiers, armorers, communication officers, engineers and meteroligists. Major More said last night that 12 of the applicants had passed the examination and 7 more men would be taken upon correction of minor defects. These men will take a 5 wgeks basic course and then will
Will Arrive Thursdiy To Address Sfudeitls Julia Coburn, president of the
Tobe-Coburn School for FashicAi Careers in New York City, will/h® on campus Thursday, Dec. 11 to ad*dress students intierested in the fashion field at 4 p.m. in the Wo-
men’s Lounge of the Union. Miss Coburn, a Vassar gradaatei
was formerly in charge of fashion promotion and display at La S^lle and Kock’s Toledo, Ohio. Later she was promotion manager of flaifper’s Bazaar. For five years she was fashion editor of the LadIkS
Home Journal. ' The Coburn school is the only one
F. H. Van Orman
veisity students will act as chair
men for the committees.
Practice debates will begin at 11
Members of the University Choir, iindei the diiection of Albert P.
Stewart, will present their third under the supervision of Robert Des
■■' - —— monthly radio program of the sea- Jarlais, University freshman debate • . . son this afternoon at 4:30 p. m. over coach, in room 118 of the Union. All the neering Building. The zinc plates, Marvin Smith, tenor solo- Three sectional meetings for
has three votes. A notable advance
Exponent went to press last night was made by Ruth Hose who eased
door a gtoup of uidustiious workers will soon be doing a job for national defense—photogiaphy. Formerly this room was used as the place where the pictuies which
the new equipment ailives, type of woik will begin.
It has been found that Viy printing mateiial on zinc plates, instead of using the formei method of mim-
so that prints can be made. These are then sent to any industry which can use the new process to advantage. In this way, the industries, learning of the invention of a new process, will not find it necessary
adorned our “passport.s” weie eogiaphing, a good deal of time can
printed, but it is now devoid of all be saved, and a better piint can be to send lepresentatives to the Du equipment, the floor tom up so that obtained. The process is lathei ex- Pont Company to leain the invented
pipes may be installed. It is eiitiiely empty, as it waits lo^ the new .equipment which will ariive in appioximately two weeks and will cost the Univeisity about $1,000.
pensive, but the lesults are worth loimulas oi processes. This will^
the expense. No prints aie made on the campus, because an intricate piocess and machinery, are necessai y to make them. The zinc plates.
One of the most inteiesting pieces aftei they have been treated with
of equipment to be installed is an old “pickling” tub, which consists mostly of zinc and which can resist any of the chemicals used in
photography.
Under the guidance of Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the department of (hemistry and metallurgical engineering, a staff of students, two girls and one boy, are working on
save considerable time and money —valuable in this time when speed and thriftiness aie nepessaiy. Whethei oi not the importance of airplane construction, tank and ainiament production, or the selection of a fit and well-equipped army, supeisedes that of photographic work IS not yet determined, but
art’s program. This afternoon’s
ows:
Theme “Back to Old Purdue” Cast thy Burden upon the Lord
(from Oratorio “Elijah^’)
, Mendelssohn
Piaise Ye the Name of the Lord
Ivanoft'
No Shadows Yonder (fiom Oiatoiio “The Holy City”) (Marv- ' in Smith, soloist) Gaul Thine is the Kingdom
Dramatics Discussions that reason leads the field of canprogram foil- Students interested in dramatics didates for “Queen of the Bare Back will meet in Fowler Hall with Prof. Riders” at the coming SDX Hassle. H. Kenn Carmichael, University di- The vote reached astronomical rector of diamatics, in charge. Wil- proportions yesterday, rivaling a
the necessaiy chemicals and have been prepared for the printing process, are sent to Indianapolis. There, the prints aie made and ate then
sent to the industiies thioughout there can be no doubt that without
the state which require them.
An example of how this process know of the new processes that are can be used to advantage may be being developed. Without the efeasily shown. If the Du Popt Com- ficient work of the members of the pany—using, of course, a purely mewly formed photographic staff
the production of lantern slides of hypothetical case—produces a new here on oui own campus, the peographs to be used by lecturers who process which can be used in the pie of the state of Indiana, and the speak before interested groups of production of airplanes, a copy of industiies theiein, would be ignorthe citizens of Indiana, in order that the process is sent to the myster- ant of certain inventions in defense
they Plight be shown the progress lous room in the Chemical Engi- work.
Alpha Sigma Phi To Hold Founders Day Banquet Alpha Sigma Phi, social frater-
photography the nation could not nity, will hold its annual Founders
Day Banquet tomorrow at 6j|30 p.m. in the Chestnut room of the Union, Alumni will be on hand to hear Dean of Men M. L, Fisher speak on his attitude toward fiaternities. Dr. G. E. Lomell, of the civil engineering school will be among those attending. The/affair will be strict-
ly fqi-mal. j.t.k.
from Oiatorio charge.
Study Of Voice
Tickets for Sigma Delta Chi’s Riveter’s Hassle, Dec. 12, are being sold on the campus by members of the fraternity. They are also available at the Union West
Desk.
On view in the Exponent office Jane Ostrander
Doris Pickering
Berte Cole
June Darrow
Janet Moiehouse Donna Seiss .. . Barbara Fellows Betty McCartney
Ginny Schaup
Voice improvement group will meet with Dt. M. D. Steer, director of the University speech clinic, in the speech clinic in the basement of Univeisity Hall. Two motion pic-
tures, “The Human Voice” and for all doubters is the basket con“How We Hear,” will be shown, taming ballots presented for conDemonstrations on the use of pitch, sideratron in the last two days. Well loudness and nasalrty will also be over 200,000 votes are available forgiven. All persons attending will be fingering by anyone who feels he given an opportunity to i-ecot-d and must have concrete evidence.
hear thou own voices. Peggy Davis slipped yesterday, Jean Ann McQlhatocfe . An intercollegiate debate between picking up only an increase of 50% Mary Ellen Blackmore (Continued on page 2) over her Wednesday total. She now Peggy Davis
Agnes McCulloch ..... Jeanette Haynes Mary Ellen Scarff Florence Justin 1^1
I
I r
take 30 weeks specialized training to specialize in preparing studqntlS at an army or civilian school. for fashion work other than costqiAe Full information and application design. Private interviews blanks may be obtained at the Ad- Miss Coburn can he arranged by jutant’s Office or from Lt. Col. E. calling Irene Feldt, director of tftb H. Hicks in the Armory, d.w.o. placement bureau for women. a.l.S. Pervine And Her Mimeograph Still Leading 'Stuff Queen Vote “To the best mimeograph mach- '
ine goes the victory.” And as the
By Gloria Payne
In the basement of the Chemical of national defense work.
Engineering Building is a lonely, work going on now is for the pro- upon which rests the imprint of the Joanne Lloyd, accompanist, those not participating in the legis- Becky Ann Pervine still had the into third place with the support desrolate ' room. Behind its closed duction oi these slides, but after piocess, are sent to Indianapolis featured in Director Stew- lative assembly will begin at 1 p. m. ^est mimeograph machine, and for 60,000 votes manufactui’ed ‘by
Exponent boys on the paper's
presses.
Sigma Delta Chi officers said fast night that the Queen with the est avalanche of votes will be an-
liam L. Deam and Sam Marks, both presidential election in scope. With nounced in Saturday’s paper. If is of the Univeisity staff, will discuss the close of voting today promptly also rumored that Sigma Delta respectively “Problems of the Di- at 4 p.m.. Sigma Delta Chi officers counters are planning to make 'tfib rectoi” and “Sceneiy, Lighting and estiinated that the total vote would Queen eat her votes—by faree. Sound Effects.” After the talks, the pass the 300,000 mark. A multi- Complete Late HeturM^ gioup will make an inspection of the graph was pressed into service by Becky Ann Pervine . .... Music Hall stage and equipment Marguerite Henderson who in- Marguerite Henderson with John Ditamore, manager, in creased her total moi-e than 30,000. Ruth Rose ,
...mm'•i,
^/ ■
PlJtr$iie^^^tinelil
Friday, Decerttb^r [S, ' 1941
'}
i P from 44 stale i|ipi Schools on compus for the an^ TiuiJf lln^iaiia High School Debaters ConferliN;4 ^his is One of the bigger events that hits ekch year, and we, on behalf of the StO^'i^t body, extend sincere welcome to the
WS^hiS deleters,
f ’The conference offers the students who will he here today and tomorrows an opportunity to ihsit-a large state university, and many of thehi'^ili}return next fall to enroll as freshineh.‘ However,; this two^day meeting is more than iipleasure junket; it will give the visitors experience and training which will be Valuable in future forensic activities. They will be instructed in the functions of state and national legislative bodies in the United States, and will I’eceive coaching in intelligent directed debate and rebuttal, u Debate training creates the ability of self-
0gh School Students
Diibate Coitifeiince Wafeash
By firw' P'earsoii and Robert S. Allen
Fish May Help Ciear Up) Friiiiiking Scaildaf With Jury Testimony Washington, Dec. 4^Few Con-
• ■; (Goritinued fivrif-page-i) ’
expression‘ and from these high school lead- Wisconsin . and Purdue in Fowler ers who renresnnt'the best and clearest HalUt 3 p. rn. will oqnclude the afters, wno represent, xne. nest ana Clearest emoon’s activities. The subject of thinkers of their respecMvC schools, will come the debate', which is the national the political, social, and economic leaders of high school debate question for tomorrow. Debating has a deep significance 1941-42, is “Resolved: That evqry
to those who want to be well-rounded citizens
, \ , . . .. , . United States should be required to when they leave school, since it emphasizes have one year of full-time military the seeking of inforniation and discussion in training before attaining the presits various forms,; Those who receive this ent draft age.” George ,,Picha and training will develop the ability to participate William Suager will represent the effectively iiDCommunity discussion groups vi^ for Ahe,,Universi^ , . ■ , ,, 7,, while the affirmative ,side, will be and, m many cases, to organize and lead these taken by Norrai pyorak and Jack groups. Murphy of Wisconsin. Dr. Preston There is an actual joy of competition to be H. Scott, head of the speech depart^ derived from debating; but more than that ment at Wayne University, will deis the fact that evei'y Person, whether he lis- ' tens or argues, gathers much useful informa- g. Elliott, University tion, sees ways of thinking, and may put the pi-esident, will act as toastmaster at facts or thoughts he has learned'to definite the annual banquet which will begin use now or later. in the. Union, at 6:45 p. m. Musical , ' • progi’am will be furnished by the
University Concert Choir. P. Harold
treats before Hitler, Japan Stiff- Van Orman, of Evansville and forens.) mer Lieutenant Governor of InFundamental fact about Japan is diana, will be guest speaker, that she,is.trying, to bet on the,win- ^ sprecial performance of Play-
Congressman Fish’s office has ner. However, her war lords are shop’s “The Petrified Forest will been in touch with other isola- convinced that if the United States given in Fowler Hall after the tionst Congressmen, where fa- and Britain succeed in defeating banquet. Free to all persons regisvofable fan mail has been-picked the-totalitarian states, Japan Won’t tered for the conference or as.semup and turned over to compiling have a smell in China. So. they think Pl3.y is staged by William
centers which added to-the master their only real hope is with the mailing list, l ; , - Axis. And yet—they remain worried Ham Fish’s secretary, George the prospect of being squeezed Hill, also told the grand jury that between a powerful U. S. fleet and he had spent a total of $12,000 » still fighting Siberian array, in about six, months for reprints Was Rcosevdt .A Warmonger? of isolationist speeches inserted ; latest Congressional sol oh to find
m the Congressional Record,
These were mailed out to those, Johnson of Colorado, on the master list. Hill did not ^ho.sued State Supreme Court Justestify, however, as to who paid. Hilliard for $200,000 behini t e motijey.. cause Hilliard quoted -Johnson as When this is disclosed. Congress having called Roosevelt. a. warand the public should have a better monger. ;
idea of who is behind this, the most ramified and carefully organized
ceiving set capable of picking up even the faintest messages from
Berlin. ; .
M e a n w h i 1 e, in Washington.
To Play For Mixer Torhoirow Evening Jack Pritchett and his Wabash Collegians will play here for the first time this season when they furnish the music at the Ujjion Mixer in the south ballroom tomorrow night from 9 to 12 p. m. The band nunibers,,;12 men, ,, A Christmas theme will be the theme of the backdrop % and ,„band fronts. The backdrop, will porti-ay two people seated before a blazing fire. There will be crossed skis on each side of the fireplace while ski pplies and mittens will be pictured on the band fronts. . The Collegians lost eight out of 12 of last year’s band members, but the new ones are reported n to be filling in very well. Featured members are Ted Lockwood at the drums, Don Schmitt on the, tenqr and clarinet, and Jane Lycett, vocalist, m.j.l.
Mf,
■'W
For the last week Ddan A.'A; Potter, Prof. H. A. Holz, Prof. E, S. Ault, and Dr. George Hawkins have been attending the annual meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers in New York
City.... ■ ■ \,
Dean Potter is a former president of the ASME and W, A; Hanley, ME ’ll bf IndihliapoHs; meihber of the board of trustees of the University, is present president, of the society concluding his term at the present sessiohjs. Hawkins participated in the meetings qf the spbcial.iye^earc!;) committee on critical pressure steam boilers, while Professor Ault led the discussion at the machine
design, session, g.w.s, , .
Camera Enthusias|%Tal^ I Pari In photo ComNtiliott To take the most unusual p|cttii'.e ■- was the . incentive which liiad .dhj? - members of the Camera Club scout-, ing for new and different shots la.'-it evening. The contestants chiefly took flash pictures which covered the East Side as well as the campuS. The person -who turned in the first , sef-qf ; four prints received a prize, , Proif. f ranlt Ha// .. . of the University history, economics and govel-nment department, will give the second of a series of talks on current probjems before the Hillel Foundation. ,Sunday.t,avenilifat 6:30. A supper at 6 wilt precede the' talk. Both the discu.sriqn and meal will be held at the Fou,n,d.atiprt house. ■ ; . .v.' Mi'-p.'ii
If
'af 7'-.. '■3'
DR. M. P. LORD D€NtlST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
direction of Sam Marks.
Tomorrow’s program will include a breakfast at 7:45 a. m. for teachers attending the conference, more legislative sessions, round two of
the practice debates.
mass propaganda attempt this country has even seen. fapan's Ups And Downs
of the franking scandal on which one of their fellow members was schieduled. ,to testify before a gmnd
jur^ today.
all .ithe i-amifications either. But he may. be able to throw light on some rather large checks which presumably;..had. something to do with financing thi.s much ramified propa-
ganda,- -
For a king time around the Cap-
Senator Johnson has just withdrawn the suit. Reason he did so was that Judge Hilliard wanted to summon hiih as a witness and find out just exactly what .the Senator, dki say about Roosevelt. The last thing the. Senator wanted,. was to go , on: the witness
stand.
So,: to dodge being summoned, he
The-inside • facts regarding the grdssmen realize the ramifications
iv. Tc ._i i„i Japanese, negotiations are that once
in the p.ast week the two govern-' ments were on the brhik of an agreement, while three days later they
were so near the precipice of war stayed away from Colorado. M'oan-
Ham- Pish, the witness, who is the that orders actually had been issued while, however, his political fences Congressman. from the President s to the U-S. Navy. very badly needed repairing, and he owfi diBti-ict and a grandson of a The hopes for a peace agreement just had to g-o to Colorado. In the Seei-etpry of State, may not know their climax a week ago end he dropped the libel suit. .
Tuesday. The prospects for war Note: Keep an eye on hard-hitting looked worse on the Sunday when young Oscar Chapman,: Assistant President Roosevelt left W a r m Secretary of the Interioiv to chalSprings for Washington. It was ex- lenge either Johnson or the suepected then that Japan would move cessor to the late Senator Adams to
into Thailand within 24 hours. In Senate sea.
that case U. S. submarines and
ital 'it .has seemed strange that bombers were definitely prepared to when a letter was written to Con- g.^ Japanese transport ships
grgssman:-Hay of. JRinois. (who
w-rote a book for a Nazirlihanced The barometer of these diplbpuhliahing house) the name of the niatic ups and downs is just one
factor—Russia. As Russia stiffens, to an equal extent Japan relaxes her bellicose demands on the U. S. A. And as Russia re-
LUMA THE iAHD bp LOVE...
ADVENTURE .. .THRILLS!
— ALSO — PRAIRIE STRANGER with with CHARLES STARRETT
TEAROT 7 That Christinas List] Let us solve the whole problem for you with photographs, so easy, so economical^—^^and yet so distinctive.
SCOBEE’S
105 Norllnveslern
Plione 2343
(Copyright, 1941 by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
writer immediately turned up on a^master mailing list, which was used to . send out all sort of isolaiionist,. pro-German propaganThe same was true if you wrote to Senator Wheeler or Senator Reynolds or various other isolationi.stB. Probably they, personally, did not know that their mail bag was going into a common pool. But certain .names were purposely misspelled. in letters to Congressmen, and the same misspelled names immediately turned up on the master
mailing list.
The-Justice Department already lias thrown some light on how this master mailing li.st originally was cbnipiled, namely in the offices of a Ing niptor company. There, a battery of selected .stenographeis was kept working on the top floor during the fall of 1940 sorting over the mail of Lindbergh, ex-Senator Rush Holt, Senator Nye and others. No company employees were allowed on the ,.tOp floor; except these stenographer, who were sworn to secrecy. Short Wave Radio Aftei'Wa'rd this'master li.st was sent ,to Scribner’s Commentator at Lake;,Geneva, Wisconsin. This paper, jt..-has how been revealed, operated a sensitive short wave re-
FRIENDLY SERVICE
Bonded
Gas and Oil T. & R.t)lL^b., Inc. V b..' O-.l.-'k- i. f 7 . L:-; ....
mm
mmmmmmm
DIAMOND RINGS WATCNES FOUNTAIN PENS PENCIL billfolds WATCH CHAINS WATCH bracelets LOCKETS CAMEO RINGS RICHARD J. BATH Jeweller Opp. Lafayette Theatre 605 Main Sg
ARC
LAST DAY nrm
; .Also “JUNGLE GIRL” Serial
TODAY -TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
The Picture That Strips a Woman's .Mind . . . By the Author of "The Citadel'-' SHINING VICTORY with lames Stephenson Geradine Fitzgerald
PLUS
Plus Island Temptress — Her Love Was as Flaming as the Tropic, Sun! SIREN OF THE SOUTH SEAS ,With Movita Warren^Hull
— Coming — MILLION DOLLAR BABY
xmmm — TODAY: SATURDAY
fijuAdm. ^xpofumJi Ali-Amer!can f946-'41
"Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the specipl rate of postage provided for Jn section 1103, act of October 3, 19,17, aiithorSzecI January 20, 1922., Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per ypr, mail subscriptions. $4.00.
eai«sr'ln-€hi«r.. N«W> l^iliit SSArtu Kditwr .
...Ned A. Ochiltree KuBinese Mtmairer.. ..Jfohn li. 'I'riiuKait ManazinK Editor..... ...Phii Johnaon Coed Editor.
Don S. Powers ..Leland W. (tuffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Aeauciate Editora Kditoriiir Stair : J. F. J- H. Armstrong, D. T, Brophy, . ..It^ V. I. Joiu-b., fc' O. Kiept-r. O. T. CtarU'. Frusttr^ 3. S. K««ler. Mory K. Boyiiloii, Alice Chatfield, Jane RamadcII. ""(itl *!i ' ■ ■ - and Sucinest, 4005; Sports, 279Z ■ -idiUtrial-Aftor -10 P. M., 5377 '
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee BusBonKLocal Advertisiiur Manafi:ers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E, Saxton; Circulation Manasrer: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manasrer: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
T — Kepresented for natioiial advertitiing by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publisbers KepresentutiveB, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff for This Issue ^ Imuc Editor; Hoskins Reporters: D. Pickering, P. Slenbcre, L. Slone, A. E. Wickard, M. J. I.4»ucr, W. Summers, D. tV. Ocliiltree, J. D. Smith, Sports Editor: Keeler G. Hoffiruin,;C; E. Hass, W.’ Rafert, G. Starr.
Jetton JpoM Oir IhUtvri Chaffield
15 SMASH SONG HITS including; *St Uuli Shut" ■ “MempUi BIun" *81:111 of tki Bhi^ ■ *TliN Rig* *WsH Tin Us Sail Shinn, Nelllir *Tlii WiltM and the Porter end the Upiteltt Meld'
MADS
if BUD ■” LOU ABBOTT^^ COSTELLO
TO SUIT EVERY MAN'S TASTE! TOWNCRAFT SHIRTS $1.65 For that persoani friend give a Towncraff. Quality, - tailoring and patterns that can't be equaled for near the price.
FOR MEN OF TASTE! TOWNCRAFT TIES All in the best of taste—smartest designs .— newest patterns and all ne fabrics!
PLEASE HIM! TOPFLIGHT SHIRTS $1.19 Fresh pririfed or white Sanforized ' Broadcloth! Neweraft collars!
Special service will be given fraternities and sororities in selecting^their gifts.
BOXED TIES 49c A Gifl He Will Apprectal-e!
with MARTHA CAROL RAYE BRUCE WILLIAM DICK
CHOCOLATE CHERRIES . . .
1 Pound n i zlc
CANDY BARS . ... .
. 3 for 10c
HARD MIX CANDY ....
. . Ljj. 12c
Marvels,.-Wings,'20 Grand, CIOAREnCS . . .
. Pkg. 10c
Prince Albert, Velvet, Half and Half lOflACCO . . .
. . Tin 10c
UNION LEADER TOBACCO . . . .
. Tin ?y?c
Peas, Braccoli, Spinach, Green Beans FROZEN FOODS . .
. . Pkg. 19c
POLAR BRAND FROZEN PEAS . .
'ri: 83c
2 Stores on the West Side •110 Northwestern Ave. • 720 Northwestern Ave.
Vl ! ^ ‘f -rt ’ TU c - TH.E / /. mimi f
Ui
/ V
^ Fjritkiy^ December S, 1941
Purdue Exponent
'ki^
Wrestlers Opeil Season W'i i Ytti«p
In fhe beginning what appears to be the most successful wrestling seaseti^'in the schbol^s^histdry, 'ihetRit^eters h^Vo stat‘ted workiitj^ and eonditlcuimg ifor their i^)41‘*4€ scheinle of dual meet^ 4 ' o i i i ! J k This year’s squad will be made up of some 25 wi ostlers, including four of last Season’s lettermep These leturnmg lettermen are Captain Casey —i-—i-.j—t
Fredericks, Bob Britt, Joe
, T-, 1 lbs), ard be has been unde Hlifika, and Frank Ruggerie fcated foi two ycais m durl meets Ca^jtain Piedeiicks was high point Bob Bjltt is a local bov^and do tnflin on last year’s team, he won i^gi difeceptian.ally ^well consideiing the Big Ten Meet in his division the fact that*ihe didn’t wiestlc in
GILLESPIE'S Dishes - Silverware - Glassware - Cooking Uiensils Dining RoOrti Furniture 221 Columbia * Phone 6405
GIFTS j^hnt appsoL io HIM
SHIRTS—for every need — for dress, business or leisure $1.65 to $2.95 ROBES —Give him a lounging robe of
GLOVES —in all styles and materials $1.00to.S5.00
ACCESSORIES — Belts, Suspenders,
silk, wool or flannel Key Chains, Ties, $5.95 up Socks and Sweaters.
Roger's Men's Wear » * , vs V
EasF Side Square
high school t
-Also adding to the power of the squad will he thiee gridmen, Wv. Evanston, Italo Rossi, and Piank Ruggerie Ihe lattei two aie heavy-, weights The freshmen giappleis * will have then squad inci eased by seveiAl fiosh footballeis Sophomoies on the vaisity this '•cason wdl include Malcolm MacDqimUl, who hails i^idfn way out in Tulsa Oklahoma, Mark Matovina, d scrappy 186 poundei frakn East Chicagoi, Wanen Gregory, who (.(lines from Indianapolis, and Jim Paiatoic of East Chicago, who WiesUes in the 156 pound division Other masteis of the grunt and gioan who will lound out the Soph omoie contingent are Rogei Claseraan and Velmai Pevi fiom Clin ton Iowa and Coiydon, Indiana,
1 espectivcly
Season Stai ts Dec 12 The local mauleis will have then initial tiial on the mat December 12 and 13 When they travel to Chi--cago to defend then Mid western A A U diadem Incidentally, the Boilermakei s have a better than average chance to retain their crown, with only Minnesota and Iowa loom mg up as potentially strong teams The 1941 42 schedule includes such opponents as Pmdlay College Ohio State Noithwestern Illinois Indiana and Illinois Normal, but the schedule is not as yet completed At picsenj; the boys are getting into shape and taking instructions in luiidamentals The divisions are the 121 12g, 136 146 156 165 and 17*1 pound classes and heavyweight Ihcie arc several promising fresh men woikiqg out with the squad ind bailing ineligibility and Un cle S im the Rivetei Wrestlers should go to the top this season The srae of the present squad is lietween 50 and 60 boys but all those who aie inteiested aie urged to come out foi the sport However, wiestling at Purdue is just that Iheic IS no room foi half way peifoimcis The boys here woik hard at wiestling and lightly earn eveiyUiing they accomplish
Dramatic Story rimd^n §erftriq
/ fc, e (rf i
Annual Army-Navy (add Classic
DR
PAUL A RISK
LUTHER A
RISK
DR
HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
<100
404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mam St
Lafayette
OnxjL 71to/uL . . . it is the season to join in good will, to bring peace and happiness possible to man. With this spirit /n mind a Merry Christmas Season, before and after the holidays is wished to all from:
PwidwL Tyimurtjud. lAnimL
By Bob Krieger / Beneath thd coloi and pageantry which again featured this year’s pigskin clash between Army and Navy on the turf of Philadelphia’s huge Municipal Stadium, there lies a diamatic story which we believe has few equals in fhe annals of the world of spoits Afmyinan Many years ago a young man named William Kellehei enlisted m the army He was a mighty good soldiei and eventually he attained the 1 ank of a Colonel This man had only one legret in life, and that wa& due to the fact that he was never fortunate enough to attehd We->t
Point
Colonel Kelleher r-esolved that if evei there was a son boirt in his familj^, that boy would go to West Point, and perhaps play football Fate dealt kindly With the Colonel, and shortly after, not one, but two sons were boin Bill And Jim Impressed As soon as the boys, who Weie named Bill and Jim were old enough to understand then father con stantly impressed on them that when they weie grown to manhood they would be able to attend Wet Point, and, he hoped, play football Bill would always listen intently, and promise his dad that he would make the Aimy team Jim howevei always remained silent When the boys had completed their preparatory schooling Jrm came to his father and-told him that he had no interest in football, and that he wanted to enter the Naval Academy at Annapolis This news shocked Colonel Kelleher, and he was deeply hurt So the two bioth ers parted, Bill going to West Point and Jim heading for Annapolis In the fall of 1938, young Bill Kelleher showed exceptional p,ioni ise at the tackle berth on Army s gild squad The following spring Bill was stricken with pneumonia and died This cruel blow of fate broke Colonel Kelleher’s heart Soon after, Jim returned home His grief stricken father noticed that his boy was no longer wearing
the uniform of a mwishipman Jim thld his dad that he intended to quit the Navy and enter West Point “I’m going to try and play football,” the boy continued, “because I know Bill would want it that way ” Last month, when Army battled Navy on the gridiron, the crowd of 98,824 rose to cheer when an Army end snared a forward pass, and raced to the Navy 16 yard line be fore he was stopped by a frantic Middle secondary The name of that Army wingman, who set the stage for his team s only touchdown was Jim Kelleher Sitting in that huge stadium. Colonel Kelleher heard those words of Jim re echo amid the dit/and roar of the enthusiastic football crowd “Bill would have wanted it that way” 1 w k
The Ratio—
• fo 1
m m
Face Two Tilts This Vye#-fi»f
Robbins Conducts Tour Through Chicago Today
Here are some more pmnings and unpinnings ‘ Mac” Bradai of the Beta Sigma Psi’s has his ring on one of the gals at the west desk of the Union After Beta Bob Thompson’s pinning of Kappa Ruth Allen the latest statistics show thdt all of the Beta pins out on this campus except two aie on Kappas One of the Beta pins came flying home the other day though when Theta Marilyn PifieUl returned Jim Krug’s jeweled emblem We heard that withrn three houis after she gas-e back the pin, no less than nine fe! lows called up for dates Which proves something Or other Pi Phi pledge Sis Wiley is now wearing a ring from Tom Mangold
Prof r E Robbins of the agron omy department will lead his classes 23 and 4 in agronomy on then an nual toui in and around Chicago today and tomorrow Today the group will visit the Olson Rug Co and the Coin Prod ucts Refining Co at Argo Tomor row morning will be spent at th« Chicago Board of Trade Clarence Henry, formerly associated with the University, will take the students ‘onto the floor” to watch action in the gram pits ps
Now we discover that Jan Yeoman gave back Ted Shead’s pm soon after she took it Wish these people around here would make up then minds about these things The price of ink IS going up
With the improvement of their present below par reeord of two defeats and no victories their mam purpose, the Boilermaker squash teali^ will journey to Chicago tomorrow and engage in the .seasott^s third and fourth meets. Pijre men will make the trip for the Riveters and will meet the Ev--vanston YMCA first and then the University of Chicago Coach Clevett left late yesterday afternoon for the Windy City where he intends to join his charges early tomorrow afternoon just before the match After meeting^ the Evanston “Y” at 3 00 pm the squash squad will kill time until 7 30 p m when the Maroon tilt is scheduled to be run off
We hear from the Terry house that Clive Finnegan has put his pm on Janet Jones of South Hall Then we learn that Clive npped up to Evanston last week end and had himself a rare old time with three sisters up there Just having a last fling at lieedom’
McConnell, Shaffner Speak For Poultry Club Meeting Gene McConnell presented an ac count of the Georgia Egg and Chick Show at the December meeting of the Poultry Club which was held in the Union last night McConnell is a graduate student of the Univer sity who received his bachelor’s degree at the University of Georgia C S Shaffner coach of the Poul try Judging team discussed the tup to Chicago with the judging team J d s
As we sit here wondering what wt better hadn’t say next, in walk two Delta Gammas and unleash a ha rage of votes foi Marguerite Hen (ler‘'on for SDX queen Looked like about 74636 of ’tm to us Just yes ter day we saw Jane Darrow and company in the Sweet Shop very modestly writing thousands of votes for herself What these gals won’t do m order to be queen of some thing They ought to start a “queen of the M eek” movement so everyone will be happy Except the Kappas
Everything for a College Education ^ DEAC’S
ail's Place so HANDY
POP Sack 5c Furnas Six Flavors
CORN Gallon 15c Ice Cream Pint 15c
—
Keep Dry m weather resistant boots and galoshes from SCHIFF’S Gay styles at a moderate price
SCHIFF SHOE CO.
Thi ee Sigma Chi’s, Paul Zimmer man Jim Bain, and Walt Chnnin, went down to Naptown the other night to see “Hellzapoppin ’ After the show they had dates with some of the chorus giils Evidently the coeds aiound here don’t furnish enough excitement (oi something) for the boys Jim Bain even danced a bumps a daisy’ in the aisle dur ing the show
Now the mystery of the week is who painted the Alpha Chi’s fiont poich light red And why’ We wondei
With only a couple more weelb ’ill Christmas, it's time to start lining up your dates for the Cotil lion Remember this is Purdue
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Mam St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Adams Remains at Home ^ Gene Adams, Captain of the Boilermaker racquetteeis, will be jwjfcable to make the trip for this weeT^^"^ end’s engagements Filling his * shoes will be Junior Norm Goldistein, second lanking player on - year’s squad As a sophomore Iasi year Norm took to competition like a duck takes to water and is expected to have improved considerably for the start of his second year of competition Dave MacMillan will play in the number two positibn for the Riveters, while Jesse Fant and Ed Wells will hold down third and fourth respectively As yet the number five position is wide open between four very capable players As matters stand now, the man to make the trip will be choseii ironji Bob Boydston, Francis hLs, Norton Marks and IfeniyJWifkinSjoK I r Two Dark Burses , i . Not a great deal is known of the power of the Riveters’' opponents for the forthcoming weekend’s bdt>tles This IS due in part to the fact that the squash season has'beeri open but a few weeks now Hdwever, these two games are aAnttk! affairs and it was last year that the Riveters played and won both their matches with these two contenders. Consider mg the fact that the team has improved considerably since their early season 8 (I shutout at the hands of a combined faculty and alumni squad, they are conceded to have considerably more than an even chance when they face tomorrow s opponents The squash season for the Boilermakers does not begin until after the Christmas holidays when they will have made then annual Eastern jaunt Just as the swimming team goes south over the holidays and competes against some of the best swimmers m the country. Sodoes the sqaush squad go east to pit their skill against most of the best teams in the squash stronghold of the United States Long noted for then prowess m the four walled courts, such schools as Yale, Harvard and MIT and almost all of the athletic^ clubs of the eastern cities provide some ot the classiest competition which the Boiler maker's receive during the coui se of the year v s k
University Book Store
rrom UiNon 29 Doc Epple 4fl
Dr. EgloO To Address AChS Group Monday
It Isn’t Too Lite to Buy Your
Tlie H.i>ys Jewelry Company’s Store Is Filled with Gifts That Will Delight Every Member of the Family
FOR FIER — BRACELETS LOCKETS VANITY cAsES RINGS
rOR HIM — TIE SETS rVENING ACCFSSORIFS BILE FOLDS KEY CHAINS
PARKER & SHAEFFER PENS AND PENCILS Also Many Gifts That Will Please Modier and Dad
At the University section of the American Chemical Society.meeting next Monday, at 4 30 p m in room 106 oi the Chemistry Bmlding, Dr Gustav Egloff, petroleum chemist, will speak on “Recent Advance ui Petr oleum Chemisti y ” Dr Egloff will appear as the g^est of hewor at a dinner m the Union following his address Di Egloff has written over 425 articles relating to petroleum and its chemistry and has been granted some 250 patents on various processes He was awarded the gold medal of the American Institute of CSieBtists for 1940 and the Octave Chanute Medal of the Western Society of Engineers for his excellent work He IS now preparing three bejoks for publication '‘EBrulstons ir the Oil Industry,” “Modern Motor Euel Sources” and “The Refining of Motor Fuels ” He is also yfrrti:^ ii fiye volume work on “Physical Cesfe* stants of Hydrocarbons ” Tw^iets to the dinner can be obtamed Iqt eaUing Piol F J Allen The fehargd is 05 cents per ticket a 1 s
Wesley Foundation
' Xhe Corner of the Campus—Yel the Center of College Activities
HAYS JEWELRY CQ. East Side of Square
a^
invites all freshmen to attetuA its annual Chiistiaafe^ at the FoundatMHi hou4e ot 8 A committee cookistH^^uf lazeoby, WrlUe Dwdjp. Michel, and Catherine Jane Waciwi has prepaied a prqg).<atn eonsrattnff of cared (singing, Ci^isUnas and a Christmas gieeting. admission is 10 cents *i
>riPurdue Exponent
Ftiday, December 1941{
riif®
tit
Storing Mathines Are Ifilliilnen! In Bowl Clashes
galaxy of staJs coT«peting ww various schools in X\i& coii- iJOttSnet,u€lll QettSOtl
(ContirtUed 'fr6|tt page 3)
Fiwtbali will take its, final bow, - ^
bfifllew Year^ day, when some of ^ ,
tbi fiatton’s lop grid squads clash i^tVtmffieVS in the anhuid Bowl games. Most of (Continued from page 3)
the strength was centered among . u u v, , 4^ • t^ms of the mid-western area this specialty. Ddley, though he has yet the Wolverines :Sr4r, %here the powerful Minne- to compete in his first meet as a Eota outfit held sway. The Gophers Riveter has attracted nation wide were closely followed by Michigan, attention because of his perform-
outdoor meets
l^oithwestern, Notre Dame, and Missouri. However fi'om this group piily Missouri will play in the Jan-
uary 1st classics.
The Rose Bowl game in Pasadena still stands first in the public eye
ance in the A. A. U. this past summer. 440 Wide; Open Also
Competition for positions on the very good freestylers, and Demp 400 yard relay team will be very sey a top notch diver, keen as there are several men of al- Riveters Show Consistent Rise
will be for th^
ferenc^ with Hichigan as siisal hav- ! ing the biggest share of these. John-
ny Skihirter the A. A. U. and Nation-' on scoring sprees against many of al Intercollegiate hreaststroke Iko loams in the conference,
champ; the Sarmet bihtherS, Gus, Stampf Gone
a freestyle!’, and John, a very good Michigan,; Northwestern and Chibreaststroker; Johnny Patton, a cago haven’t much'in the Way of a middle distance man; and Martin a conference threat to offer, although diver are all star performers for their teams are slightly improved.
Chicago lost the great Joe Stampf,
Iowa’s Hawkeyes have Povelitis the Big Ten scoring champ, and is a fine breasstroker. Minnesota has absolutely lackiVig in anything to Elchlepp one of the best middle dis- replace him.,y Michigan’s quintet tance men in. the country. Ohio will lack height and the Wildcats State which usually finishes as run- will spring their sophomore foot-i ner up to Michigan in swimming, ball sensationy Otto Graham, upon has Leitt and Nixon, a couple of the fans, but the team will feature
its usual lack of finess which takes the back seat to the also usual abundant rough house type of play.
m
by virtue of its seniority. Each year
the champions of the Pacific Coast most equal ability. At present the The Boilermakers rist, in the Big Iowa can be rated as the dark conference selects an opponent l^^l^l'^’® lineup lists Freddy Herr, Ten swim competition has not been horse of the conference. Not a sinfrom the list of national leaders. Cualde LaBaw, Bill Snead and Dick any rapid surge. That there has gle man was lost through graduaLast year Stanford invited Nebras- ^^iWtzer. In case any of these men been any rise at all is remarkable tion and Siegel, Soderquist, Kuhl, ka and bestowed a 21-12 drubbing should falter, Frank Lake and because swimming in this state is Hill and Chapman, outstanding on the Cornhuskers. Frank Branner are ready and anx- not very strong. Very few of the players throughout last season’s
ious to step in. high schools in the state have swim- stormy play will be back for a shot Vern Hansel looks like a sure niing pools, and so most of the at the crown. The change in conpoint getter in the middle distance swimmers have to come from out of ference games may favor the dur-
Oregon State’s Beavers will represent the west, and they have se'lected the Duke University Blue
^ . . onnonent Losing events., Vern is only a sophomore, the state. Because they have to pay able Hawkeyes in the stretch, for evi s as ei y g ^ but he has turned in excellent times out of state tuition, and because the number of conference games tf. thp Rpavpi-s 11'® conference distances and this institution does not have the that each learn will play has been ^ t pWamninn- h® j^^’l H'® type to let Competition reputation of being a snap school changed from 12 to 15 games. No ^ f tUoi ■ cpntsnn Mm. Other middle distance for athletes, there has been no great matter who takes the Big Ten title
enjoy the diving events more than the other features of a swim meet.
ship, the of theii season jog jjazlewood, Jim Kreuck trek of swimmers to the banks of all signs point to another exciting being when they defeated Stanfoid Erickson. Jack Horne is the Wabash. season of the best in basketball.
a versatile performer as he. divides
Duke will encounter their soever- bis time between the sprints and the
est test of the season in this Same, distance events. Led by Steve Lach, their great pj^g^g -poo'
back, the Blue Devils have gone * , , , through the autumn undefeated and Most of the spectators seem to
untied against only mediocre oppo-
sition. The high spot of their season .4, 4u r>was a 19-0 defeat of Tennessee. This I" the past few seasons the Rivshould prove to be one of the closest ^ters have not won many points in of the New Year’s Day contests. ' because there were no ' , , 4, divers of any experience on the Perhaps the most spectacu ar of been somewhat of a the ,1941; post sea^n games took p^pg^. filaCe in the Sugar Bowl where os- g^^b, for in his coVnpetitive days ton.College, led by Charlie O Rour e was a very good diver. This came from behind to trim powei u gg^^ggjj gggg an end to the famine Tennessee, 18-13. This year shou there are three divers of ability he no exception, when Fordham and Frank Farkas is a Missouri get together. Each team ggj^jgj, .^^.j(.b competitive experience, has lost only one game during t e there are two sophomores Herregular season. Fordham was de- Bauer and Johnny Juengst, fgated by Pitt in one of the season s show a lot of promise, biggest upsets, and Missouri lost .^y^j^gringg Slump Slightly their opener to Ohio State. The New the Riveters are to continue on Orleans stadium should be filled to climb toward the top of the capacity with fans expecting Big Ten swimming ladder, then they T.Quri's Jenkins and Steuber and the Y\ave to be at their best all sealianr’s Blumenstock to put on a The improvement in the congreat show. ference swimming teams in general, , In Miami, Florida, Georgia will with the possible exception of Michelash with Texas Christian, the team jgjin which will probhbly not be as that defeated mighty Texas. All strong aslastyear.Thelast statef.eason long the Bulldogs’attack has ment should not be any cause for been featured by the play of the cheering. Anyone who saw the Wol.sensational Frank Sinkwich. Their verines in action last year could see record includes a tie with Missis- that they had about the best swim sippi and a loss to Alabama. T.C.U. team that it is possible to put into saw its most successful season since the water. So if they had to make the days of Davy O’Brien, losing change in personnel there is only to Texas A. & M. and Ford- only one direction they could go liam. Mississippi State beat George- g^d that is down. The drop will not tpv/n 14-7 in last season’s Orange be very drastic, however, liowl game. Minnesota Stock Rises At Dallas, Texas A. & M., cham- Other teams that figure to be pion of the Southwest Conference, right at the top . of the Big Ten will meet Alabama in the Cotton swimming ladder are Iowa, Ohio Bowl. Last New Year’s Day the State, and Minnesota. The greatest Fordham Rams fought the Aggies team improvement will probably be to a Standstill Only to lose a heart- that of the Golden Gophers. There .breaker 13-12. The Aggies went ■ ’
through their season undefeated until the last game when they lost to Texas U. Their attack has been led by Derace Moser, while Alabama iias been sparked by the play of Holt ;Rast, a great end, and Jimmy Nel-
spn, a super halfback.
Nor are the collegians the only.participants in post season games. The Los Angeles Coliseum, which lias a seating capacity of 104,000 vtfll be the scene of a game between tJhe champions of the National Prolassional Football league and a team of National League All-Stars. Thus far* the leading candidates for the league championship are the New York Giants, who lead the eastern division, and either the Green Bay IMcJ^ers or the Chicago Bears in the
western /division.
; Again this year a team of northern.stars, will play a group of playM's’from the south in the annual Blue vs. Gray tilt. More national star.S will appear in the Shrine game at' San Francisco, when the East opposes the West. For several year.s tlii.s.g'ame has been a standout New
Year’s day attraction.
§apes, Hovius, Two fnple Threat Lads, Spark Mississippi Seldom does one see two triple tlireat men operating in the same baCkfield, but that has been the case aFM>®*’*ssippi for three years where tlijB,>H-boys—Merle Hapes and Junie Uqyips—have held forth in the Rebel point producing department. Hapes and Hovius blocked for ei^h other and tossed passes to each i Pt|!er. In addition both are excellent } ponters. Ole Miss will miss them. j-Ppring a three year cai'eer Hapes \ jl^S accumulated 1,293 yards from I t'l^hihg with an average of 6.04 per ctoy. He has completed 20 out of #;■ attempted for 435 yards , a^ has scored |j||!|aa<;hdown8 and has a 44-yard
ppiiting average.
Do lour Xmas Shopping at DKKtR’S - Complete line ol OFFICE somits
m
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES
BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP
213 State St. Dial 5952
SAY IT
with Book Ends..
Desk Sets... ^. Desk Clocks.. Pen & Pencil Sets
Stationery
ATTRACTIVE SELECTIONS OF
CHRISTMAS GIFTS
Say it! Here at HAYWOOD’S you will find a grand selection of gifts and in every price range. Make your selection now white you can get your
choice at once.
HAYWOOD’S Retail Dept. Established 1926 5th & Ferry Sts.
/
Desks ■ i File Cabinets Fluorescent desk lamps Typewriters Desk, Sets
SPORTINC GOODS
IE
COSMETICS
i
-tf-
J'lowsJUiu
Murry Ciiristnins Thrill III Yniir
She will always liave that lovely smile if you get her a bright Christmas Pansetta Plant from opr large and varied collection. A Christmas corsage or exotic orchids. All for the
asking from - -
44^
r* T IS D JLji JLw JLmi
FLOWER SHOP
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
I
FAVORS — GIFTS -- SUGGESTIONS .PLAYING CARDS
CHOISTMAS CUDS Over TOGO Designs lo CIiooso From SPECIAL CARDS FOR RELATIVES AND FRIENDS
Sc -4 $1.00 BOXEp ASSORTMENTS 29r , $2..'i;0
liov is tn
DECKER’S
.5X8-20 Main Street
Phone
1#
if''
■i I
I>4. M
■'7 '1
> fi
ft: ' ^' ' ' * '^ ' f SwiHfimers Will Make .ilici For First Division
r il^Q\y'that, the Aquacade is qven th,e swimmiug team is settjlin^" down to the routine of getting ready for the Big i^en season, Jh^ schedule for the'!Sig Ten Unk teams will be made out at the meeting of the swimming coachds to be held in Chicago this weekend. It looks as if the Boilermaker tank squad will have a very busy season, busier t^han any
other school' in the Big Ten. T T “ ~r~ They will probably compete Friclcty, December 5» 1941
against all the conference teams except Minnesota and
Wisconsin.
Of major importance in the conditioning of the squad for the hard conference campaign is the trip to Florida that the team takes every winter. While most of the students spend the Christmas vacation with their families these men journey to Fort Lauderdale to train under the
opener df Beskefbail Season (Monday ^ight With Wabash College
Lambert Will Lead Riveters Against School That Gave Him Hardwood Start
Pugilists Prepare For First Meeting With College Foes
Frosh Basketball Team Shows Promise Of Bolstering Varsity
Average Freshman Basketball PlayerStatistics Tell Story
Don Blanken
a pleasure trip, because the boys have to do two or three miles of swimming each day, and on some
days swim as much as six miles. To i'e^deT^of Th7''boxing ^phants"
the average person who thinks that one hundred yards is a long distance this seems like a lot of drudgery, but the men on the team seem to
Composed of the cream of last season’s Hoosier high school basketball cor;:, augmented by outstanding cage performers from neighboring states, the Rhinie hardwood squad is going
through intensive daily drills under the watchful eye of Dutch animals and the roster of the fresh-
man basketball team, complete with
Statistics are interesting little
Wisconsin's &i§ Uh
Cage Title
Surprise Of Year
By Bob DeMars
^ , This year marks the third con- i. • i j; au a i *1 Z secutive season that Joe Benna, a Behring, one of the most llkesenioi in the school of Physical Edu- uble and efficient coaches to be cation, has successfully carried on found on OUr campus.
his dual capacity as student and No Gaines
Although a Western Conference rule piohibits them fiom playing
this seems like a lot of drudcerv . enthusiastic about the pos- any games with frosh teams from , ,, , . ’ sibilities of this year’s squad, and other universities, the Rhinies will
. -j. u T-»- 1. -o Au f'tates that the prospects are the perform in intersquad contests — — — - —"— , n thrive on it. Coach Dick Papenguth played piior to the cessful Conference basketball seasays "Once a fellow has made one P J P Wisconsin’s mighty Average Age Over 18 of these trips, I never have to ask ...ui Badeeis had become the most out- Average age for Rhi
him to make another. In fact tnost of the boys just can’t seem to be able to wait until the tiip rolls
around.”
Swimmers Pay Half
About one half the cost of the trip is defrayed by the receipts of
the Aquacade: the other half of the """
ex;pense has to be met by the individual swimmer. The team will leave
Jor'^FmV^TmSrdX rnd^wdrstav composed of those Ed Ehlers, South Bend; Carl Iloe- Minnesota in the first game of the ' _ y students intevesled in Iho fistip U..w.vv.„.. tp-i t,— t rinn+'m-tinno aonort#. In, n lr,r.ci’rlci/l
sport.
in Florida for two weeks.
Last season’s record bears out the fact that these osuthern tiips do
weights, heights, ages and home towns, reveals that this year’s group of 22 Rhinies is a sturdy one. The adding machine, slide rule, Burlington Tiig Tables and a reliable comptometer divulges that the average freshman player weighs
At the conclusion of a very sue """
stronger men are in the upper di- gy'Lambert’s varsity squad wdl Badgers had become the most out-
visions, 147 pounds and up, the play in the Fieldhouse. standing team in the middle west eers is iis years ana nve mo tns, squad is lacking experienced men The names and home towns of because of its eleven victories which is about the ordmaiy age; in the lighter weight classes, par tic- those members of the freshman against one lone defeat in Big Ten 1,^7790
nlarly in the 120 pound class. squad who lemain out of the 126 competition. The Wisconsin quintet 7
As you probably know, boxing is aspirants who reported to Coach finished strong to nose out the Clas- fj’
not rated as a minor sport on the Lambert last Septembei lollow: Indiana squad to win their first ^re
Ohio—one from Cincinnati and one
from Lorain.
Frank Meyer and Bob Meyers are from Jeffersonville. Ken Burnett, Don MeVey and Art Lange are from Lafayette. Otherwise, no two mem-
campus by the University officials. Big Squad
title in some twelve years of play.
all the activities Bob Biddle, Biookston; Maurice Gophers Slaughter Badgers
have been enacted through the Pur- Boots, Clarks Hill; Ken Burnett, due Boxing Association, which in Lafayette; Fred Coon, Gi-eenfield;
The lone defeat suffeied by the Badger five came at the hands of
intei'ested in the fistic hammer, Bryant; Ed Jones, Jasper; Conference seasoh by a lopsided Jack Kennedy, Lorain, Ohio; Bill score of 52 to 29. Following this b^s'^f the'""squad come from the
Since Benna has been at the helm Kereheval, New Albany; Art Lange,-disaster, however, Wisconsin bowled town Distribution throughout
7dng”7sult7ThrBo"n™k7'^^^^^^ constantly held in his mind Lafayette; Harvey Martens, South over their riext eleven opponents in- the state is’good. Rico Montenero is men boasted a fine dual meet record developing boxing into Bend, Bob Mason, Cincinnati, ^ ^ fiom Elkhart and Bill Kereheval is with seven victories in ten meets. ^ i^iiior sport, and this year it looks Ohio, Bob Morris, Lebanon; Kenny so e en op ers in a New Albany, representing the
Their only defeats were meted out though his idea may become a Moore, Canby; Rico Montenero, return reveiige battle, by Michigan Ohio State and North- reality for quite some work has been Elkhart; Frank Meyer-, Jeffersdn- Indiana s brilliant Hoosiers tasted wesfem, the'top three teams in the done in arranging matches with oth- ville; Don MeVey, Lafayette; Bob defeat only twice, once at the hands Big Ten'. Illinois and Chicago tasted institutions of learning. Myers, Jeffersonville; Roy Pearson, ' (Continued on page 8)
defeqt at the hands of the Riveters Athletic Director Mai Elward has Indianapolis.; Babe Ritchie, Mich- —
fop the first time in history. been doing his share of the work in igantowh; Don Server, Madison; Bend, weie both nominated for the Going Places arranging these schedules, and at and Rudy Witsman, Frankfort. All-Indiana team. Incidentally, this In the :$ig Ten meet held at the the present definite matches with The following men reported at pair should be particularly adept clqfie of the dual rrveet se,asQn-the the following season; in playing the ‘Tii-ehouse” style of 400 yard relay team composed of scheduled: Michigan StateVUniver- 'Bob Allen, "Dayton, Ohio; Bob ball which is chaiacteristic of all Freddy Herr, Frank Branner, Dick sity of Kentucky, Valparaiso Col- Becker, Indianapolis; Rod Gervais, teams coached by Piggy Lainbeit, Sihith, and Dick Kratzer placed, lege, St. Joseph College, and Culver Crown Point; Charlie Hein, Evans- because they learned their- basketthis was also the first time that a Military Academy. ville; Chet Krasrenka, Fort Wayne; ball under former All-American Riveter team had placed in the Big In'addition to these engagements. Gene Matrewitz, Chicago, Illinois; Johnny Wooden, one of the greatTen meat. To continue the upward Mai has tentatively contacted Notre Bob Quillen, Indianapolis, Ed Timm, est cage stars who ever performed trend men were qualified in the Dame, University of Wisconsin, Whiting; Bill Gates, Bicknell, in a Boilermakei unifoini. A. A. U. meet, a noteworthy deed University of Minnesota and Xavier George Mackley, Gary; John Woj- Famous Cousin because they were competing for bouts, and confirmatiM of these cieckoWski, Hammond; and John Bill Kereheval is against men who hold a majority of matches will probably be forth com- Chinewicz, Harvey, Illinois. famous Ralph Kereheval, who per
BASKETBALL
Friday, December 5
Court 1
7 00 Cary Hall S vs Cary Hall 10 7 15 Caiy Hall 1 vs, Cary Hall 8
cousin or the 8 OO Caiy Hall n vs Cary Hall 11
Waicl 81 vs Ward 34
Rifterty
the world swimming records. mg later in the season. Trophy Winner formed so brilliantly in the Ken- Couh ^ One of the Weaknesses of the Boil- It has usually been the custom for Server, who was a member of tucky baekfield several years ago. 7 15 caiy Haii 15 vs Caiy Hall 10 ei-maker swimming teams in the the boxers to enter the Golden Glove the All-Indiana team which defeat- Following his graduation, Ralph * ufif Gates pa.st has been that there was a tournament which is an annual ama- ed the Kentucky All-Stars, won the played professional football for the ^omt 3^^ ^ ^ shortage of reserves, so that if a teur affair, but Joe announces that highly-coveted Gimble Award which Brooklyn Dodgers, where his edu- 7 15 ca?y mu 5 vrc7y^iaii 12 man were hurt or ill there was no if his plans go through and boxing is awarded for sportsmanship and cated toe established him as one of « Wuui 2^0 one to take his place. The result of is made a minor sport theie will be clean play. Martens and Ehlers, the greatest kickers who ever Barnaul this being that the team had to car- no Golden Gloves for his boys. who starred at Central of South played m the pro league. 7 io ^^aid 30 vs ward 2g ry the extra load, and someone had ... — —- — —
to do the work of two men. This year thei'e are more men to choose from, and if the need arises there will be .some man ready to step in and take
another’s place.
Kralzer Captains Squad
Heading the swimming roster this season is Captain Dick Kratzer, a freestyler who has starred on the Riveter teams for two seasons, and
Piggy Lambert Begins 25th Year As Riveter Basketball Coach
By Clint Sowards
For about eight years “Piggy’s”
About 25 years ago this fall, to duties consisted of coaching basketbe a little more specific, m the early ball, baseball, and football. All that fall of the year 1916; Purdue Uni- was a mighty bi,g load for one
. , versity hired a new man on the young man; so he dropped football will be having his last year of var- the^ school. This and continued with baseball and siy competition. Dick holds several ^ veiy'impor- basketball. Odd to say, baseball was of the pool records m freestyle position on the staff—that of the favorite of the two sports. At events, and swims the anchor leg on basketball and baseball coach, the end of the 1935 baseball season,
and was also assigned the job of after 20 years as head baseball coaching the baekfield of the Pur- coach, “Piggy” .resigned from this due football team. His name was position at the head of the BoilLambert, Ward Lambeit, soon to ermaker baseball squad, and debe kriown by an already established voted all of his time to one sport,
nickname of “Piggy.” / basketball.
Elevetj ot Them
Piggy Lambert
relay teams in addition to swimming ill the 100 yard freestyle event. On the medley relay in addition to Kratzer are Joe Williamson, a bi eaststroker, and Johnny Dilley,
the sophomore backstroker. This
team should be one of the strongest Small Time
ill the Big Ten for each of the men Now t'l'® coach had a pietty In his 26 years of coaching basis capable of very fast time in their life Job to do, and he hadn’t, had a ketball “Piggy’s” teams have won
(Continued on page 4)
Only Five Major Grid Teams Finish Season With Unbeaten Record Five of the nation’s majoi football teams have managed to scram
Riveters^ Buckeyes^ Gophers Threateii Big Ten Crown; Badgers Lack Centeif Basketball Season Opens January 3 With the Riveter basketball team’.s opening Big Ten game less than one month away, speculation concerning the Boilermakers* charges for the conference crown has already become a leading topic of conversation on the campus. Most .students have a hazy idea of the ealifyte of the local quintet, but the final standings will depend Hot only upon the skill of Lambert’s c-harge.s, but also on the .strength of the other nine teams in the Big Ten.
Badgers Gn Spot
Wisconsin will find itself in the position of the target of the confetence when the season begins, for the Badgers are the defending champs. Their lecord of eleven wins and one loss was good enough to cop the crown last year. Indiana trailed the winners by one game, followed by Minnesota, Ohio State, Illinois, Purdue, Michigan, Iowa, Northwestern, ~~ - and Chicago, in order.
The Badgers are not only worrying about their ticklish position as Big Ten champs alone; for a bigger worry is the problem of filling the center position left vacant by the graduation of Gene England, last year’s captain and runner up in the final conference scoring tabulation. Gene also led his team to the championship in the National Intercollegiate playoffs, and his amazing scoring ability will be missed by
this year’s quintet.
Still Strong
In spite of the loss of England, the Badgers look to be one of the strongest outfits in the conference, for other graduation losses were light and all of the outstanding sophomores and juniors of last year’s squad are back. Probably the best in this group is John Kotz, voted the outstanding player in the national championship finals and tenth in the Big Ten scoring race. Kotz is only a junior and will bfe paired with Charlie Epperson at forward. Rhem and Alwin, both experienced lettermen, will handle the guard positions and the battle at center is being fought out between Ray Patterson and Walter Lautenbach, sophomores. If this pair does not fill the bill, Kotz may he moved to the pivot position. '-Indiana, runner-up in 'the firtal standings", will put a greCri team ott the floor this year, for the Hoosiers were hardest hit of the conference leaders in the matter of graduation losses. Andy Zimmer, a versatile player who can fill in at nearly ery position, is the only returnih|^ regular. Besides acting as team captain, iZmmer will probably be hoMing down a guard berth, with th^ remainder of the team made up of last year’s reserves. <
mini Lacking
The most inexperienced team*^Iif its history is expected to rbpreS^ Illinois in the coming season^ witjj four sophomores, all members «a the all-state high school team ftdm Illinois in 1940, making up the firkt team. Captain Bill Hocking, a Vft* eran guard, will occupy the only position left open. Henry Sachs, a fiery player who saw a lot of action last year, may return for sei'vlce in the second semester. ^ A year ago Coach Dave MacMfflan of Minnesota warned soppoHv ers not to look for much from hia Gopher cagers in the 1941 season, but to wait for 1942. This statement now looks very threatening, for the Gophers were a conference surprise last year and ended in a tiej for third place. Eight lettermen return to bear out MacMillan’s hopes, including three regulats. Don Carlson, fifth in Big Ten sc0r» ing, his brilliant teammate at ffli> ward, Don Smith, and center Bill
Lind.
Buckeyes Strong
Ohio State’s big problem this year is the loss of a playing and practice floor, as the Columbus Coliseum is being given over to tho American Bowling Congress ip early February. The Buckeyes w^lj play all but one of their scheduled home conference g^mes before the loss of their floor, and the remaining home game will be played on a temporary setup in the Men’s Gym. The Ohio State team will be bi^t around the five lettermen thni helped the Buckeyes to grab a ptodp
Frosty Sprowl
noi'thern and southern most points.
Server Is Trophy Winner
Don Seivei, husky little five foot seven inch guard won the Gimble Trophy at the State Tournament at
Indianapolis last spring, o.t.c. IM Schedule
SQUASH
Friday, December S
Com Is 1, 2, 3
7 00 Theta Tau vs Trianule 7 45 Fill Delta Theta vs Della Tan Delta
high school “Piggy” was only a sciub on the basketball team, he was “too little to play varsity.” That fact didn’t do “Piggy’s” pride any good, but it didn’t dull his am-
bition in the least.
He enrolled in Wabash College
whole lot of expel lence. He’s played and shared eleven Western Conbaseball and basketball for a small ference championships, moie than Indiana college, Wabash, but never any other Big Ten school, and have done anything especially spectacu- beep runner up four times. He’s lar—no all-Ameiican, oi nationally turned out six all-American hardacclaimed heio, just a coach. Well wood stars since all-American
Coach Lambeit took over his new teams have been named, and num- eonfeience men per season.) Great duties, but he didn t get veiy well erous all-cOnference players. Kemmer, Don settled to the job before Uncle Sam The finst year an official all-Amer- wuito Emmett Loweiv Wilbui made him a part of the Aimy. In ican basketball team was named Cumm’ins, and Geoi ge Spuidling. the fall of 1917 Ward “Piggy Lam- was in 1929; on that team was , ,
belt was hustled off to an army Charles “Stretch” Murphy of Puicamp near Louisville, Kentucky due. Next year, in 1930, “Stietch”
ble through their scheduled season wheie he was assigned the duties again made the all-Ameiican squad, basketball game when he was iil gy” developed a thriving case without a defeat. Duke is the only of camp athletic directoi, plus his and John Wooden, his teammate Ibe fifth year at the Ciawfordsville hives, he really went thiough
nickname “Pigtail.” When Ward was a kid sliding around on sleds, he woie a stocking cap with a tassel that usually followed the back of his head at a respectful distance for a tassel, and earned for him the name “Pigtail.” Later when he
upon graduation fiom Ciawfords- failed to glow up they shortened ville High, and in his sophomoie tbe name to “Piggy” and it stuck,
year got a lucky break and got tb Here Are the Best
start a game, despite his diminu- Among all of the teams “Piggy” tive size. The first half of that game has coached, he found it to be a “Piggy” couldn’t find the basket tough job to name any cei tain team for the life of him, but in the sec- he tho'ught was the best all round ond half the little squirt sloshed squad; howevei, he did come seven shots thiough the net, and throqgh with three, and here they then went on to lead his team in are—The Boileimakei team of
scoring for the year. What “Piggy” 1930, led by “Stietch” Muiphy and of third place in”last yeaFs^Silacked in size he made up very ado- John Wooden was the most bal- jjigs_ -pjjo mwill probably quately in brains and fight. anced team evei to play for Pur- the floor with Captain Jack Gwijt In There Fighting due they had eveiything, and ^nd Max Gecowets at guards. Jack “Piggy” now sits on the bench at were conference champions with a McLain at center, and Dick Fisl^r hall games physically, but mental 1000 per cent aveiage. The 1934 and Bill Goss at'forwards. Fishdr ly he’s in theie every minute with team, paced liy Noiman Cottom, took third place honors in the his team. He’s never still a minute was the smallest team, tallest man Xen scoring race last year- and went
(Continued on page 4)
duiing a ball game. Once neai the being an even 6 feet, but the fast end of a close ball game Lambert est team “Piggy” ovei coached, tiled to .stop the time-keeper fiom This squad set a new confeieiice filing the final gun and got shot scoiing lecoid, and at the same time in the hand. From the tetanus shot lield their opponents to a lemark-
“Piggy” got his fiist stait in the that it was necessary to take, “Pig- ably low aveiage The Boilermaker
of squad that yeai aveiaged 42 points
Texas A. & /. Claim$^ Honor Of Country^ High Scoring Tea^
mo- a game, holding their opposition to
team to win nine games without a commission as a lieutenant in the was also chosen. Wooden was only 8>ade school. He evidently liked it. tions at the next game. The game an aveiage of 21 5 pei game, and single setback. Although Utah h~as field artillery. Here “Piggy” stayed a sophomore at the time, and went From that time on “Piggy” was a following that one the effect of the (they Ijiought home anothei Big dtwo games left to play, no trouble till December of 1919 befoie he on to make all-American in his Jun- fRORt'o, in a mild sort of way, to- hives was still very much in evi- Ten championship. Tlie 1938 Boileiis expected in either of them, 'fo- again leturned to Puidue to i^sume ior and Senior years also. Noiman ward the sport. Always aiound the dence, in a neivous dash toward the maker team was just as good. Jew- lion’s highest scoring football ti morrow, Utah, the Big Seven his duties on the coaching staff. Cottom was the next Boilermaker Crawfoidsville Y.M.C.A. floor to contest a decision he stepped el Yoiing made all-Ameiican that Last Saturday »» champs, will take on the Aiizona History in the Making to receive a spot on the all-Ameri- “Pi8gy” was “chief poker outer of in the watei bucket, and fell back- year, and the squad won an imdis- Javelinas humbled Texas Wesle^iai eleven and on New Year’s day. Since his return in 1919, “Piggy” can team in 1934. In 1936 Bob Kess- nettei” when the ball lodged wards from the floor in a small de- puted Westein Coiiteionce cliam- Worth. S9 to ta to vm
they will travel to Honolulu for a has continually kept on “the beam,” ler was named all-American, and backboaid dui- luge of water, meeting with Hawaii University. and has made considerable coach- Jewel Young made the grade in >'^8 practice sessions; he had a big isq pounds of Dynamite
Here are their records:
W. T.
Duke Minnesota Duquesne . Notre Dame Utah
The Texas A. & I. Javelmas baeW laid claim to the title of tb«
Seven his duties on the coaching staff. Cottom was the next Boilermaker 8ym and Crawfoidsville Y.M.C.A. floor to contest a decision he stepped el Yoiing made all-Ameiican that foT this^yefr.^^Last^Saturd^^^^-,
led Texas We^
of Fort Worth, 39 to 13, to
pionship. yp ganalife Can't Do I^ • their opponents have scored
mg history. From the date of his 1938. Fred Beretta, captain of the stick to do the poking with. “Piggy” Lambeit, that name When asked to name an indivi- points against them. In Wlnnii Points first connection with the Boilei male- 1940 squad, was the last Boilermak- One day when “Piggy” was pok- doesn’t describe the five foot seven dual stai*—that was too much, eight games and losing for Op. ers, “Piggy” Lambeit has sat on er to earn an all-Ameiican title, in ing around the “Y” as was his hob- inch, 150 pound coach at all; he’s “There weie too many good players Javelmas have averaged 311 41 the bench through close to 1,160 1940. by, the basketball coach, Ralph not big, and the only thing he’s to select any individuals without points per game. How^sVdr 38 athletic contests, and has weeded Besides these all-Ameiicans, Jones, gave him charge of a group ever shown greed for is champion- doing an injustice to .some other claim of the Texas A. & I. li 23 over 60 baseball and basketball “Piggy” has turned out about 35 of inteimediates, and heie’s wheie ship teams, and that’s fine. No, the man, all of the all-Americans and slightly dampened by the 23 t^ams out of over 4,700 athletic all-conference players. (That’s an “Piggy’s” caieer-to-be got a shove nickname “Piggy” came to Ward all-conference men wete individual with Texas University, ia, 69 minded young men. average of over one-and-a-half all- in the right direction. All through Lambert as a shortening of another champions.” they were swamped. *
186 143 143 197T " -T ifj. t ' IV i \ 't
■“ ^
Pnrdvfe- Exponent
'' '*"' %\( ^ '\/^^ ■»T>‘
‘ 4 «
1 ^ frl? 5^'" > N i
W^ / ‘ J f
/ r
DOWNSTAIRS
(^enTfiPii
FOR THE HOME AND ALL THE FAMILY
• Glo|>es for the Btiicly • PUi-up lamj)6 for bedroom —or jirivate fed’tffiers • Desk sets in leather, metal and fabric ^ i • Largo asortment of beautiful piotiu’es and mirrors > 1 • Boudoir anti night lamps • Picture frames of lustrous metal and gemuhe leather ' * • Electric clocks for mantle or den • Beautiful and sparkling crystal • Hosstess services in glass, chrome and copper • Exquisite pottery for every Bower arrangement. 0 • What-nots and knick-knacks • Colorful kitchen sets and assortments • Linen guest towels • Attractive and practical spun and hammered aluminum * • Xmas candles anti decorations for table and fireside '
• She will like a pair of fluffy mittens or • A matching set of costume jewelry, and lapel gadget, or • Playing cards and bridge accessories • He will appi*e€iate masculine pictures and wall ornaments. Or • Bookeuds and smoking equipment, or • Sliaving mirrors with the right angle, military bi'ushes forSiort-rtiiliLiFy hair, or • Service approved military gifts if he is in the Army. • Jiinior ‘Svill go” for the practical toys, games and athletic equipment for just his age
• And llttte lister will love those cuddly soft animals, adorable doUs, and play house equipment. • For grandparents, uncles and aunts there are literally loads of gifts — lor any and every “special case”. *. The latest records — swing music, or ’ ckissieal to the family l.tslo.
We wra sparklin V
Friday, December 3, 1941
. Purdue Exponent
ery evening until 9 o’clock and to 7:30 p. m.
-■ k, iC ^ ‘ f •f,, ^ V ^ gK^ I Bi qsi GIFT
'it cj'
>4i4
^orj^ment of (imtinctive Is to smt eveiy iiah-
plual tasle.
^ ^ t-f' -ff
/ ^ ^ i/
OUTHWORTH'S ANTA UGGESTS
Xmas (lafki^es wiih ^s and smooth iookin;; riMton I
fy^
FOR IjlM
FOR HER
• Handsome brass smoking equipment • Cigarette lighters, cases, pipe stands, ash trays • Desk sets in leather, metal and fabric • Pen sets — all prices and styles • Masculine pictures and wall ornaments o Traveling and toilet sets in fine leather • Billfolds, keytainers and reminders • Picture frames lor his desk or nook • Shaving mirrors with the right angles ® Horses or dogs for his collection • Military brushes, for non-military hair • Poker chips ami playing cards for his own parties.
• New and exciting perfumes, colognes, etc. o Conveniently lighted and other make-up mirrors ! < 9 Small and smart sewing kits « Gold mesh manieure sets ® Handsome Njloii brushes o Hollywood Lingerie boxes Stunning dresser sets in gold, silver and plastic ® Musical powder boxes ® Modern traveling kits in various materials ® Gift soap and bubble bath * ® Gift boxes and stationery • Schratft’s candy
/V.Sy' \
Adorable Dolls, Fine Toys and Exciting Games for the Kiddies of all Ages
mEBCCK&SlPPLYHCRE
308-1© StATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IMD
' s,Purdue Exponent
WtiSdy^ Dee^mher 1941
i 4
msm s from page 3) oi Boilerraakem m one of the most Bpectaculai ball game's e\ei alaged m the Rivetei rieklhouse, IWid the othei by the Champion Bad gers to finish the season with an average of 10 wins and 2 losses Tied fol the thiro spot in the final ^standings weie Illinoi'', Minnesota and Ohio State with seven victoi les ih twelve staits The Riveteis fin ished the season e\en steven with six triumphs in twehe contests to Wind up in =ixth place rolloving in ordei ueie Michigan Iowa i^orthw estei n and lowly Chicago The pitiful Maroon squad proved to be the dooi mat of the Confeience by compiling a total of no vins in their twelve staits Statistics compiled at the conclu Sion of the season show that Wis consin was the logical title holdei since the boys fiom up noith led the Big Ten both offensnelj and defensively The Badgeis scoied an unbelievable total of 536 points foi a game aveiage of slight^ less than 45 points In the twehe games played they weie able to hold the opposition to an aveiage of 34 points a game "how mg then supei
lOritv over all oponents to be neai ly eleven points pel game. The Boileimakeis scoied an aveiage of some 42 markeis a game, but m the meantime then oppon ents were amassing a total of 622 points foi an aveiage of slightly bettei than 43 points pei game As compaied to the fine showing of the Badgcis the hopeless Chica go team avei aged a measly 31 point a g line while then opponents weie fattening their team and nidi Mdiial totals by laking up an even 51 maikeis pei contest Follow iiig then iictoiious Big Ten season, Wisconsin went on to the National Intel Collegiate touinament Heie they met the highest lated teams in the country and again showed then supeiloiity by whipping each of them to cop this title of all titles
GE 35 Removal df Condition Examination Doc 6 Make arranRements foi takinfr the examination in room 202 before 1 riflny Dec 6 —OWEN BnsketImU tTshers and Police The foi lowinr report at the cast tnd of the hield honco on Tnday December 5 at 4 p m Assignments will be made there Anyone not leporting will be dropped fiom the list No a klitional applicstiirs will le lecnved as tne list is m le than sufficient r S Ainsley M W Anderson O A Anderson 1 A Anderson T I Andrctich P B Anthony W Applet n C P Arehei A M Arnoi 1 W D Binckcr^^R 1 Bai wcf,en P r Bnnnk,ait Andrew B rUley A Bel to R B ddle Maurice Boots 1 Bnnnei Bob Bnlt T Brewn Wm Buffington T F Buiger G T Burgbardi Wm Burghardt K Burnett W R Caison T Chinewic7 I H Clasc man R Oarfeman C Clymer W Combs W Cook r C( n E J Cjccms P De dsiia John Dillty E H Dodge T A Edv ards W Fhrlich II W Eikenberry V O Erk C H FeistU )rn Casey I r der ichs Jeriy Fredericks B Fiench J Cal vin M Gantz W I Gaulke W R Greg ory J E Grimm T Grove W Gufhrie R Hajzyk Vern Hansell C Hams C Hem Carl Hipp H Hites J Hlinka E J Holderman O I Hurrle A Jentch Bob Tones E F Tones K Kampert R D Keim D H Kemp W Kendall J Ken nedy R Kersey L King E I Kmiecik C F Kron Jim Krueck A S Lange Walt I eifhiet A Leugo F McCaffry L R Me
Eachern K C McLaughlin D MeVey N D Maloney R M Maloney R L Mason M R Matovina G Matiewicz F T Meakim LET Melton J Miller R O Montenero R I Morris S O Morlison R K Mulford Dick Myers W Newell D M Newman E O Bryan Harry Olds Jim Paratoie L R Pearson P L Petirch J Petty W Powers Chuck Rawles W P Richey J A Rossi F Rug glen J Rush H Seidell Roger Sheiidan W Shimer Jim Shoemaker Max Shoe maker T L Shrinor R Shultr F Smerke C L Smith K Smock V A Snyder W Stevens R Stoelting H Strom W Sum n 1 L M fimm H limperman J N Vecs B R Warren J C Winkler G R Witsman T Wojciechnwski w Wo len C W Wright Lincst Young John /eh
1 rng
—SANDERS Novice i*istol Students desiring to fire In the sixth and last novice p;stol group smarting Dec ) should sign up m ^ «nly Room —BROWN All Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex amining Board No 1 will be in room lOf of Phem Eng Bldg Dec 1 5 incl 8 30 4 Application t) appear before the boaid should be obtained now fiom the Adjutants office Armory —GRAHAM Pi Tau Sigma Don t foi get meeting Fn day Dec 6 at 4 p m in room 208 of the ME building Be on time —GREGORY
POMM Keys are available for those who ordered them Call at 27 Russell St —SULLIVAN ASME Debris pictures will be taken Thursday Dec 11 at 7 80 p m in Union ballroom instead of Thursday Nov 27
—UTLEY
Flying Club' Debris pictures will be taken Sat Dec 6 at the airport at 1 p m Please be prompt —HABICHT Ceres Regulai meeting postponed until Tuesday Dec 9 All actives and new initi ates must attend as fall elections Will be held —CIIFSTER All Students Skating party sponsored by the Christian Fo mdation on Saturday Doc 6 Meet at 1 U South Grant at 10 p m Tickets may be secuied for 25 cent& from George ICing Paul Busby or Paul Carring ton —WAMPLER Pi Tau Sigma New initiates may obtain oeitificates at ME ( ffice on second flooi
—SHANE
FAO Sophomore Workers Sign up m office foi mid term interviews beginning Monday —PFENNINGER Fraternity Pre idents Council meeting tonight at the Alpha Chi Rho house Din ner will be served at 6 p m —MAYFIELD
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes eold reiileU repaired ai u purci i eu inie ograph woik d ne C T Ebershoff 60) Mam I^fayette I hone
Notices
Senior Mechanicals Booths for the col Icct n rf fees for pict i e of graduat ng H s milai t those now in the halls of h 1 i1 lin" w 11 be s t up in the Mechanical lab from Mcnlaj Dec ^ thr) gb Wednes d \ D 10 he ^\l)l be cents and ^Mll CO Cl dll costs of thf* pictuie All seniors ra t n n January T me or A i" bt are to be me! i led —GRCCORY ' arv Ball Committee Seniors ore respond le 1h i ^5 lb committ e reto t ic submitted by Fn lay Dec 4 —DIBOS
Lost Phi \app i i Phone 50 Re>\ar 1
Call B d Oln
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR $2.95 - $10.00 ''Botany" Wrinkleproof Ties $1.00 SWANK JEWELRY INTERWOVEN HOSE MEN LIKE NICE CLOTHES ROSENTHAL'S 322 MAIN ST.
1^
CLEVER Mr. Claus
Stops at Our "Happiness Headquarters/' for Those Choice Gifts That Mol^e for a Merrier Christmas
We Suggest — « CAMERAS o FILMS • RANGE FINDERS
• EXPOSURE METERS • TRIPODS • DARK ROOM SUPPLIES • SYNCHRONIZERS • ENLARGERS • REFLECTORS Priced from dimes to dollars
fj^
FOSTER S CAMERA SHOP « 411 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE S
5#^
ioh
?(omjL
The Ilomcmalvci Will Cherish A New Waffle Iron Gne hei a shining new waf fie non to pioclucc those gold
cn waffles
The Whole Family Will Lnjoy a Combination Grill Ideal for suppers, lunches, or midnight snacks A wonderful V. ork sa\ er
An Easier to Clean Coffee Makei Sa\e hei the task of seounng eoffee jiot I he eoffee is de licious
These are just a few of the gifts that will be enjoyipd long aftei Christmas is over Pan sets, Pyrex ware. Fiesta ware — all to make a Jolly Christmas. . EDCEIilON HARDWARE INC. 321 Stale St.
Gilts fur Ilnr
W Gifts foi any fom1 1 f ^ mine mi niliei ol wi the family oi foi 1 . r 1 ^ the gill Inend
A
lo)s dial any hi- ^ lie !>irl will love "M
and < liei isli
Host ( osiiK li( s( Is lialli sets . ( indy (oslimu aitessones
.1
Gifts fur ilir; llrimn
Eieiyont imII < ii JOV ,1:1 f t s I 01 1 lit home and will he appi et lalt (I Ion,., edit 1 Ch 11 si III as lamps, [Mil I ( 1 >, ( himi, kilt In nwait
Gifts fur Him
( hoost I tom oni with V n lol V ol ^irls loi ihe mt n lit’ll like iht m ill S h a VI n s 11 s, It ilht 1 gootls, lit s, host, hantikt it hit Is
WOOLWORTH 5 & 10
Purdue Gs'ihnastic Club Members are asked to pay their dues for Nov and Dec at the olfice of Dr Eastwood Room 110 at the rieldhouse POZER Cosmopolitan Club Meetinu in room 804 of the Union today at 4 80 p m —KELLAR PIA Dance Class Last dance class will be held Tuesday Dec ) in the North Ball room at 7 tO p m HANSEN Alpha Phi OmcKa Mtctinp: of officers at 4 p in Sunday Die in rtom 262 of the Union PledULS Will meet in the Swedish Lounefe at 6 p m an) actives will meet at 6pm in the Old Chestnut loom foi a baiiq let SIGI LU « Westminster Girls CItili ChiiStmas meet int, by patrimsses will be held at 16 p m luesday Dec 0 at 12) Sheet/ St Bima a drift tor the Chiistmiiij basket —VIRTUl Gilder Club Debris pictuie will be t ikon at 1 p m Saturday at the Airport - SCHAKEI Registration Workers SUi lents who wish to work for the Retristrar durinp: the second semester registration January 2 and 26 1942 are requested to make application be feroc Christmas on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar s office Those with pre vious expel lence at repristration or in other clerical jobs are driven pieference -R B STONE
international Athletic Leatrue^ Christian Eoandation vs Roger Williams Club at 1 80 p m and Wesley Foundation vs PreSr byterian Foundation at 1 46 p m on Saturday, Dec 6 '—BLACK Christmas Stunt Party Wesley Foilndation invites all freshman students to attend Its annual Christmas party Friday, Dec 6 Theio will be an eltcHon of officers I acuity Volley Ball All faculty volley bull will, be held every Monday Wednesday, and Phiday at 4 10 p m in the 1 loldhousd dtym Eta Kappa Nu Make plans to Ko on in speetion tii pand conference on Dec 11 13 liip will he flmeussed at 4 p m Monday Dec 8 in Reamns Room “rhose planning to VO should attend meetine —SOUTHMAYD Freshman Engineers Meet for Endrlneer inR Leoti res Saturday December 6 at 8 a m by schools Students whose names begin with A 1 (met) Room 129 E L Bids r Lc (incl) Room 201 CE Bldg IiR (iiicl) Lecture Room In MiehUel Golden Shops S / (incl) Room 264 E E Bldg ♦ —KNAPP Hillct Foundation Prof Frank Jlall will piesept second talk op current problems Sunday Dec 7 at the Hillel HouSe Sup pir wiP be seive dnt 6 pm nhd the talk at 6 20
Phone 2523
SELECT YOUR GIFTS NOW
from
THE BUR-PAT STORE 113 NORTHWESTERN
DON VOECKER, Mgr
‘LOOK TO
/or more ^tyle at less cost**
Philco 390X Brings You All 3.. Standard, ShortWave and FM!
Only $105.00
FLOOR LAMPS
COCKTAIL TABLES, Chippendale, Walnut finish, glass fop MATCHING LAMP TABLE KNEE HOLE DESK, Walnut finish
OSTERMOOR
The World s hiaest Mattress
BUILT NOT STUFFED
$15.95 $ 9.95 $4.95 $4.95 $9.^5 $39^50
SEILERS $34.50
BREAKFAST SET $39.50
C -V- r»i--a. •ip_ _ ' ' jv.
5 pc Chrome, Plastex Top BISSELL ^:r„:$2:95 LOUNGE CHAIR $19.95
And Ottoman,
Chair Tilts Back for Comfort
Refrigerator $179.95 PHILCO with froxen food moist and dry cold compirtments
USE OUR PAYMENT PLAN CODSHALUS EAGLE FLHIVITUBE ED.
Blouses
$1.98
to
$10.98
Sweaters
$1.98
to
$12.98
Skirts
$2.98
to
$12.98
Jewelry
$1.00
to
$10.98
Purses
$:loo
to
$10.98
Gloves
$1.00
lo
$6.50
Hose $1.00
Searts
$1.00
Ilaiitlkerehiefs
$ .25
to
$1.00
Slips
$1.29
to
$4.98
Gowns
$2.98
to
$7.98
Panties
$ .59
to
$2.50
Robes
$5.98
to
$25.00
if
*4
if
A
til
Ml.Ilf; ‘i '
pipiHipawHipippiiiiniiiiiiMPi^^
?
I A
i
20 Pay$ n'il Christmas; DUy Ybiir Shopping iarly
Presenting Citts From The t.iM^al $tOi^
// 'f\ 'ri/
Vblwne53;Np.71
West Lafayette^ Indiana:
Fridoiy^ Pecpn^biir Si,;
a "4
III a Merry Christmas
Pleasant Giving
Beauty Bounties, Success Accessories
Will Add Punch To Yuletide Shopping
^‘peck the halls with wreaths of holly” and let gladness reign for Good Old Saint Nick will soon be here. Holiday lights ard t#inkling, voices are gaily singing as the Yuletide Season approaches . . It’s the season for joy and for giving. It% a gift to give. To be able to
gjive g lift to the chin, a left to the trouble, a bounce to boredom, an4 a spring to the step means something in any man’s jargon.'^^ Perhaps you wbiild like to give luxurious, year long reminders of you, or may the gift to cherish . . . to be proud of . . and to enjoy. Wouldn’t it be nice to say, “Now there’s a gift I know he'll like.” You would like
Yet Make It Simple
Thrill Her With Cosmetics, Lovely Scents To Delight With Thanksgiving over and the
to be able to point with pride to scraps of the turkey cleaned the magnificent possessions you up, our attention is now turned to have made possible. Christmas and that difficult task of Let success accessories and beau- making out a list of what to buy ty bounties top your shopping list, for the family, relatives and friends Touch his vanity and tell her she’s for Christmas. One of the first glamorous. All of this and more names We find on the, list is moth-, too is possible with discriminating er’s. The problem of what to buy shopping. May our suggestions aid her for Christmas now arises, you,. Entertaining Mothers Like Our best wishes for a Merry For the mother who entertains Xmas to all and to all pleasant her friends quite often, one could
shopping.
Portraits Prove To
f^al Gifts For And Friends
Dqar^t -Stiiikyr
buy bridge tables and chairs, durable decks of playing cards, coffee tables, bridge table covers, pretty china and glasses for serving refreshments, or. a lace tablecloth to
.show off to dinner guests. . Any piece-of luggage is always
welcomed by the woman who does quite a bit of traveling! whether it is a wardrobe case; overnight case, puilman case, shqa^:bag,^^OT ,hat box.
. _ . To improve the appearance of her Why did you keep your brain- ^ome any mother would enjoy a storn!l,,.6 secret for so long. Here pretty chenille bed spread, footrye beeii frying to find some nice throw rugs, lamps, or mirgifts for Torn’ the twins, my par- i^ors. If she is collecting oddities or ehts, And ft .slew of others; and now china as a hobby, an addition to her your iddft takes care of them all. collection would no doubt please
I’m goilig down to have my pic- her.
ture tahen first thing in the morn- Lighten The Task ing.' Ohl darling—I only hope it - To lighten mother’s task of turns but good ’cause in Camp Shel- housekeeping and to make it more by, where Tom is, they have a con- pleasant, any electrical appliances test and pick out the most beautiful such as mixmasters, waffle irons, girlby the pictures the fellas have, sandwich toasters, and coffee makthen they pay the Queen’s way down ers would certainly be appreciated, to camp-^nice dreamin’j eh? For her own personal needs there Dad and mom would like a pic- are many articles one could buy tui'e of men too, since I’m .so far siich as: a warm sweater or shawl, from homeland my best girl friend lingerie, pajamas or gowns, househas beep asking for one for ages— coats, bedroom slippers, aprons, now here's my chance to give it t6 i gloves, overshoes, and of course, her. ' hose. Perfume, cologne, jewelery. You know my darling brother' manicure sets, and dresser sets (aheni!) is a frosh down at Penn would please any mother, and he said that he wouldn’t get Just remember that she vvill aphalf as lonesome if he could have a preciate anything you give—moth“reasonable facsimile” of my “puss” always do.
With Appropriafe,
Unique, Uselulfiip
It’s been heard around camptfr that a photograph of the moiheiit would really be appreciated. Cdloifr nes and perfumes-are always'an ideal gift and one every girl .real^ enjoys receiving, Weil has just pttt out two new scents, ZeibelCne fti^ Cobra. For that betwitching and .hir spira.tional odor try New Hdrizafe by Giro. Frances Denny’s new Ni^t Life will really put her (aftd in the mood. Then there's always tlfr old stand-by, but never unwairtAd gift—^jewelry. She’ll love you fpr^ ever if you present her with soitljc nice, piece of costume jewelry; theiA is oddles of it on display all over, look around.
One thing to stay away from uiir less you’re sure of her exact bfand and shade is cosmetics. There’s nothing that will bring more gribf than a beautiful compact with tM wrong shade make-up, so be re^|^ bure before purchasing such a gilt for her.
Revlon and many other corapamira are putting out manicure sets hi lovely leather cases. All hands ahh nails need grooming, so she Cah aDi ways use this type of gift. Oh/tl^: other hand, a military set Wjiwtft probably fit right in with Ms heedft^;: If he has one, he can always pufrft away for a while and save this On# for traveling—just the things. ■ Then there’s pigskin gloyeay they’re just the rage with ftve^;^ one; so warmahd practical aiidiyhi^ good looking. If you're not sore-ot the size try .getting him a whfte scarf; he always needs ohe far
Books Make Lastitig Gay Christmas Wrappings For The Men In Your Chrisfmas Presehls Interest And Suspense To GiVfs Life-Gift Thoughts
To Give Your Friends
to smile upon him from the dresser. It yeally is a good idea—it saves a lot of shopping, time, and energy. It isn’t expensive and if someone really wants your picture, it’s a smooth gift. It’s like killing a lot of birds with one stone. Honest, Stinky, you’re a wonder! . Love, “Butch”
Xmas Parties To Feature Skating, Sleighing, Singing
Just As A Suggestion
Your 1941 Christmas party should be the best in years. Open your houses wider and make your invitation lists longer than ever. Dear friends and ones you scarcely know should be included at this Yuletide season. Don’t forget the refugee children, the uprooted
Be “Wacky” if you must, but give a different gift! Christmas gifts cah be twice as interesting, surprising'; and |un if they are unusual. Unusual gifts take a little thought, planning, and early .shopping, but they’re definitely worth it.
Let the 'Worry Bird Worry One suggestion for your friend \^ho owns A record player is to send a recording of your own voice wishing hint a Merry Christmas. Another idea we’ve had is to send your friend a Worry bird. These worry birds are to do one’s worrying for hiM, They’re new and an especially good choice for the friend “who.has everything,” June Bugs III December Still another suggestion is a pair of silly June bug lapel clips to be woi‘n drt suits. Another gift that is becoming tnore popular is a singing telegram for someone you especially went to remember Christmas morning. Here’s wishing you u wackier Xmas than ever.
young men in training camps and the less fortunate. You can either make your Christmas party a sentimental old-fash-ioned traditional party, or perhaps you prefer something new and imaginative in the way of a party!
Carol Singing
Foi' a ^really warm hearted, cheery party, try serving a traditional big dinner and then singing carols in the living room by candlelight. Singing breaks down all reserves, refreshes old memories and puts one in a rosy glow. If you intend to give presents to Ji'our guests, one idea we had was to wrap all the women’s gifts in blue cellophane, and those for the
men in red.
How about a skating party? Lease an in(j,oor rink if you like, decorate it, set up hot coffee and sandwich stands. Perhaps it would be fun to have an amateur ice show. Probably the most truly humble Christmas party would be to gather up your friends who have gone to hear the gentle Christmas Story retold and bring them home with you to a simple -hot: buffet breakfast. The one “must” for all Christmas parties is to have the house well decorated with plenty of mistletoe.
Conversations starting with “Have you read a good book late;|y?” need not be as dull as the etiquette books predict they will be. The book shelves this season are crowded with a variety for evei’y one. You will find that books are the ideal Christmas gift for you to give your friends and family. Here are a few suggestions that might help you to complete your Christmas list. Hobby Books Hobbies often need stimulation and rejuvenation. Your artistic friends would be certain, to cherish “Modern Art” by Thomas Craven or the “Complete Etchings by Rembrandt.” For the many musicians we might suggest “The Victor Book of Symphony” by Charles O’Connell, “Who Is Who in Music” (1941 edition), or “Stories of the Great Operas” by Ernest Newman. John James Audubon has his book of bird prints, “Birds of America,” on the market now in A popular priced book. It is exceedingly beautiful and is sure to thrill all nature lovers. Along this same line is “The Garden Dictionary” which gives all the heeded information on gardening in a mofr compact form. For the bride or just the friend who is interested in food and its preparation, you might consider the “American Woman’s Cook Book,” which is side indexed and has lovely colored illustrations. “The Country Kitchen Cook Book” is novel in that it has a stand up cover. Another popur lar hook is the “Host and Hostess” which gives entertaining , suggestions and menus. Active participation in sports is becoming more and more common. To the rider you might give “Riding” by Benjamin Lewis, which is on learning to ride correctly. Other sport book suggestions are Sam Snead’s “Quick Way to Better Golf” and Jimmy Thomson’s “H,it ’Em A Mile.” Etiquette Pointers No home library is complete without that bookful of appreciated 'advice like “Your Best Foot Forward” by Dorothy StrattoP and Helen Schleman. Another good etiquette qook is the “Modern Book of Etiquette” by Elinor Ames. Both of these books have everyday suggestions that are of help to everyone. The Play’s The Thing Plays i^re fascinating to road. We suggctst “Nine Plays” by Eu(Continued on page G)
■Twas th(B night before Christmas And piled under the tree Were gifts glittering and glpaming A pleasant sight for ole Santa to see. Christmas Eve—one of the best loved nights of all. Outside the sleigh bells are tinkling and the carolers are singing their cheery greetings. Inside under the tree lie gifts wrapped to match the sparkling mood of the night. , Gold and silver seals in the forms of triangles, bells, wreaths and Christmas trees are new and will guarantee a neaj; job of dressing up a present for someone who deserves something special, • , ' Decorative Figures Much of the wrapping paper oh the counters this year attracts your attention with its harmonious colors and cheerful figures. Scenes of children hanging up stockings, tin soldiers and hobby horses spread-
To Please His Taste
It isn’t hard to buy Christmas ing Xmas cheer, gentlemen and oldpresents for children. There are so fashioned dames trimming Xmas many lovely things to get that are nre just a few of the examples inexpensive and unusual. The main will intrigue your friends, thing is to shop at the right place. Sparkling stars, poinsettas, reinAny little boy would love ,to have- ^eer made up in the form of stickan electric train. He, as,well as Dad- ^hd seals do a large part in dy, would fipd much enjoyment and making your packages glisten and pleasure out of it. in'arousing curiosity. Then it is always easy to obtain Colors
Men in your life—are they your biggest problem, and are they being a bigger problem right now as you try, to ponder what will most please them as your little token of affection to them? Lean a little closer and you’ll hear what will make their Christmas brighter and your'shop-' ping easier. First on the list as usual are ties —but crocheted ones this year. Since we are in the knit wear department, what about a sleeveless or maybe one of the long sleeve cashmeres? They are so soft! For the active man give a pair of Scottish Argyle socks —-he’ll, love the bright colors and warmth. If Dad is “foot conscious,” we mention the fashionable IntCr-
dress-up occasions. ' : For your roommate? Ah— your roommate. With Alt trouble in getting silk hose, frhy n<fti get her a pair; it’s an ideal she,’ll really appreciate them, times are they are. A^^1 neAerlj^^ too many pairs of stockings,: know. Or perhaps she’s trebled with cold hands. Just everyone iA raving about those white rahnirk fur mittens. They’re so sdft and warm too, a very welcome gift. ■ If you’re the king who al#A^ looks out for himself when ehoogidd a gift, an alarm clock might sqli^i the perplexing problem; you Wqiild both profit. You’ve surely*seen fnesA fold-up clocks, ideal for fraYelihg purposes, and very efficient too. not to be too subtle about it, bttt if you got him a few ties of Ms maybe he wouMn’t always ; yours. Be sure 5fou pick out that will harmonize with yot|jf clothes as well as his—t'wo caTijpIgjr that game as well as you, youkhqfr. (Continued on page 3)
list For Men's Gill
Soft dull colors are rapidly taking the place of the, traditional red, white, and green tissue paper. It is heavier and its added feature is
a baseball bat, a glove, and ball. Of course mother might give her objections to them — breaking windows, etc. All young fellows enjoy
playing cowboy and Indian, so why solid colors of blue, not get him a popgun and holster ? ,,^hver, gold, red and other striking
colors. A sheet of this new paper
ri s nc aces along with white stars, silver Xmas Mother s ideas lie in the direction frees, and wreaths, wrap a pretty of frills and laces, etc. She bought unusual j)ackage.
Jeannie a lovely golden-haired doll and a doll carriage for her birthday, so she’ll like your idea to get
the little sister a set of doll dishes. For younger children, log cabin blocks or alphabet blocks are loads of fun! There might be a golfer in the family so why not get him a miniature golf set ? He might lean toward the artistic side, or you could further his abilities for the future by buying him a contractor’s tool set. , Bicycle For One lias thei'e ever |)een a child who hasn’t wanted a bicycle? One’s childhood is not complete unless one has a bike at one time or another.
Lafesf Lingerie Tips In Chrisfmas Gifts For The Smart Coed From head to toe,’from breakfast to bedtime, lingerie occupies an important place in the college girl’s
wardrobe.
A drawer full of soft fresh slips is the co-ed’s drea^ii—lacy, berufslips for dress up occasions.
lied
under your sheer party dresses, and crisp, white tailored slips for everyday wear. Blou Slip is a combination slip and blouse, which “stays put” and pei'forms a double duty. Nylon, besides being used for
One could talk on indefinitely hosiery, is now featured in lingerie about all types of toys—tractors, sets. Nylon undies are sheer, longcars, tin soldiers, dart games, table wearing and (|uick-drying. The ping pong, miniature croquet sets, nightgown is making a snappy and many other things. What did comeback. Long, old-fashioned camyou like when you were little? That brie gowns like those grandma used is the best possible reference—that to wear are the latest. On cold winis, if there is| anything to heredity,, ter nights, co-eds climb into bed or this “runs in the family” stuff!!! wearing voluminous flannel nighties.
Let’s jump to the practical shirts. This season we have wide-spread collars arid bold masculine stripes, and of course there is always the flannel plaid that goes everywhere with the campus “Joe” or the hunting man. High in popularity with the males is leather—either a tool craft belt or a handsome Hickok bill-fold. • . To catch any man’s eye are the fashionable studs and ■ cuff links— separate or in sets. They add a touch of color to his evening clothes. Speaking of jewelry—^those heavy gold and silver chains are suitable for the, family watch or honorary keys. By the way, did someone mention that Dad neeeded a new tie and collar set ? And to the well-groomed, we say the latest word is a utility manicuring kit. Attention! A prize winner! We suggest the gift Stetson certificate box. What man would not appreciate a perfect invitation for a new hat? A bit more hats—the girls like them. And now we have a few words for the trim spectator in the form of gloves. Choose them according to type and he will be happy. Saddle stitched leather is paired with the dating man. If variation is desired, we offer clever wool knit tops with a leather palm, and for the coldblooded paws, we present fur-lined specialties. To be positive that our gentleman friends are protected from the north winds, how about a thick \vool scarf eitljef in gay yellows, greens or blues, or a colorful plaid flannel. If he is socially minded in a formal way, let’s add, a white silk to complete his tails and top hat.
Perplexing problem of wiigt to give boy friend, father, or brqt||.er for Christmas has been heatlsf solved this year by the men's, cqgmetics manufacturers. Their line ^ goods this season has a wide pfreft range and a long list of sizes scents from which to choose. ’Tile gift boxes are neat, cqtripact, properly tailored to please the man taste; they are fresh, wotHls^, and clean-smelling, to be foqn4 p soap, having creams and IdtiqS^; talcs, after-shaving powders, fttiS skin-bracers. iiU. Price Angle Gift boxes containing the me tic vary in price from SOe.ijf around $9. The smaller men's sell mostly for $1.50 to $3 ahd::$^ These sets contain invisible hair tonic, after-having lotion, er-shaving powder, and shftVi^ soap. Some of them come i» leather cases which zip shufr ChlA brand packs the shaving aoa|i J|i early American shaving mugs; ^ other comes in conveniei# shaving bowls. , Kits For Uncle Sant's Boys , Special kits are on the for the boys in camp. One comj|w^i displays a box Of three raaii-aft#: cakes of soap, in red, whitOf; blue, which can be bought wrapped and ready for shaving ensemble is probah%, ^ most practical gift that can to a soldier, and the smart kits being sold this year doubly appreciated. ; For the man who uses 1^ ,0] trie razor there aim, elecfrld, iiiii sets, containing hair tonic, after-shaving Idtibri; 'PMa set a razor makes ah ideal gift combination,I i '
Ikecember S^ 1941
* m .
Puirlfie Mxponefit
*•
39c to $2«00
% Under shirts and shorts % are a much accepted ':§ « >1 gift. He'll never have I I to many 65c. f , ' . Others 39c and 55c.
/
l,EF1^-—Enro, Manhattan or Brookshire shirts in beauti- ; iul .stripes or plain colors,* an4 white. Made in regular, Ipngcippint, Ketit or button down collars. Some Jiave ■irenchi cuffs with cufflinks as shown. We offer a com^plete selection sizes >13lA to 18, sleeve lengths 32 to 35 /jitwhites 31.to ‘36). Priced $1.65 and $3.50
The two in one shirt tailored by Manhattan r^iakes q perfect fitting dress shirt or long sleeve sport shirf^ Stocked in white oxford cloth only in sizes 14 to 161/2. Priced at $2.?5
RIGHT—Robe and Pajama Ensembles by Glover, Manhattan, Enro, Brookshire and B. V. D. All types of patterns and fabrics. Sises A, B, C and D. He'll be sure to like one of these matching ensembles—it's the last Word. Priced from $4.55 to $13.50. Pajamas singly priced fro,m $1.65: to $1Q.QQ. Wo are headquarters for Glover Tqilqred Man Pajarnas, Robes singly in all fabrics and oolfirfl.. Priced from*..:. $5.00 to $13.05
>• ‘ tl .\ '4;-'
most complete stock
f ■ /Purdue Exponent
.Friday, December S, ^
m
ft'.
DISTINCTIVE GIFTS
That Are
HOMEWARD DOUID Mother, Grandmother, or Aunt will want something for the home. She’ll cherish a gift from The Foster Shop.
Inchantinent and Eostume Jewelry Put these on your gift list. Costume jewelry for sports, daytime or evening.
For The Handkerchief Enllectors Lovely, sheer, white hankies, prints, plaids, or plain colors offer you a wide choice of gifts for the hankie lover.
IN CASE YOU FORGET— HE NEEDS HANDKERCHIEFS
GIVE ELECTRICAL GIFTS
COFFEE MAKER— Here is a gift that will give lasting enjoyment—maizes better coffee — heat proof glass--easier to clean; complete with heating unit.
COMBINATION GRILL —a present the whole family will enjoy—grills, toasts, fries—-just the thing for light suppers.
AN ELECTRIC WAFFLE IRON— ' -A ■ a useful gift in any household — it often Solves the problem of warni breakfasts these cold mornings.
IN THE
HADID DEPARTMENT The whole family will appreciate a radio or record player.
For someone special, choose a combination radio and'Vic”.
Frpm Dnr RecDrd Shop
CAMERAS and AEEESSORIES
Give Dad or brother a flash bulb synchronizer set—they will get no end of fun taking those "action shots” at night. Maybe they need a tripod, some color filters, or trays for their dark room. Sis would love a small candid camera to call her very own. We have many styles—low priced and high. ',h '■'' "' '"’ '' “ ' '• ^ \' y'>, -',
‘ ^ J V ^ ’’f I /
* f y
H
jiinMy, DiceihCer 5, 1941
Purdue Exponent
MMMMft
Giv^ Him A Gift To Add Remember Friends
Coihfort To His Room
Santa needs'some cooperation to select gifts for the ypung man, so we’ve been snooping for him aropnd the young 'man’s room (shhh—the Dean plight not like—but then it’s Christmas), and-we’ve found— Of course, in each room we find a desk and chair. On the desk we see various articles:* a calendar, a reminder, a beautiful desk pen set and a globe. By the way, have you seen those hew globes that are lighted? On each desk we find a lamp; fluorescent lamps are very easy on the eyes, and they make fine Christmas gifts. DoCs your young friend read many magazines? If so, a magazine rack would come in handy. And too, I would suggest that he have a comfortable lounging chair and foot stool. A floor lamp and a small table with an ash tray and pipe rack would complete this cozy little corner. Girls, since he has so much studying to do, ,he just can't manage to come over so often. I’m sure he’s really very sorry; in fact, when he sits there studying, he often thinks of you. Don’t you think it Would be much nicer if he had a large picture of you ? Then, he could see you every night regardless of his preps for the next day. That takes us just about around a completely furnished room for a young man. Now get busy girls— help make his room more pleasant.
(Continued from page 1, section 2) If your kid brother has an engineer’s look, why not make him happy with a drawing set or a chemistry set; he’ll get loads of en<joyment from either. Or you could add to his record collection. Dorsey’s recording of “Piano Concerto for Two’’ has really hit the country by storm. Of course if he’s a hep-cat he might prefer “In The Hall of the Mountain King’’ recorded by Will Bradley, “Round and Round She Goes” or “Elmer’s Tune” both by Dick Jurgens, “Don’t Let Julia Fool Ya” by Russ Morgan or “This Is No Laughing Matter” by Charlie Spivak. For a real jam session get him Benny Goodman playing “From Bach to Boog-
ie.”
Then sis can’t be slighted either, ^he’ll feel big if you pick out an evehing bag for her. You know she is growing up and will stait going to formal dances very soon. ! Mom and dad' don’t really expect rpuch, but nevertheless you can’t forget them. Dad might like that pipe stand you saw the other day or just some nice warm bedroom slippers for evenings before the fireplace, while mom has always had her eye on a cut glass creamer and sugar bowl; if this is a little beyond your financial status (and by now you should be about bioke, if not before) a luncheon set will show youi generous and loyal feel-
ing.
That’s enough foi now—hope you have found some of these suggestions profitable. Here’s wishing you luck and hope youi money holds
out!
Novel Candy Boxes ( Chocolate Animals Add To Xmas Cheer Whdt would Christmas be lixe Without candy? Somewhat like flowers without the sun, for the spirit of the season would surely fade. Because of its importance, each year new ideas spring forth of clever ways to send it. Coeds who are planning to send candy to some army man should visit Fannie May’s Candy Shop. This year they have a special box made just for you. It has the United States emblem on it to honor those who are in the service. They also have several other unique ways'of putting up candy such as redwood bowls made from the redwood trees in California, These bowls make lovely sewing baskets. Special boxes for children can be secured decorated with either a snow man or Santa Claus and containing hard candies, cltocolates in the form of animals, and many other kinds that all children love. There are also little Scottie dogs made in various colors with which to fill Christmas stockings. Novelty Boxes ' Of course one can always get attractively wrapped boxes containing butter creams, nougets, caramels, toffee, vanilla and chocolate centers, and bon bons which add Color to the assortment.
Increase Her Hanky Ideas For Long Lists, Cblledion This Xmas low Financial Status
Make The Shut In's Christmas Pleasant With Cheery Yuletide Remembrance '
It’s a Wise “Santa” and a Wise Shopper Who Will See Them WONDERFUL GIFT VALUES
GIFT SLIPPERS^y A a<tla afro-y of house $ ||['00 'f'|/, * and hostess slippers for l yoarsetf. ..and gift pfvinpl ‘ * ” tiifi Lovely Xntas OlFtel
HasieRY Alt Nyton eHylon Wlthhoflon Tops ea-ThrepdCfepe ♦S^Threod Crbp# <f^-Thfead Chiffons Exquisite Xmus 6ift$t
BAGS
For every occasion.., every costwdie . . . in smprt materials and combina- $ fions ... alt the nevi, wonted colors! 9 Practical Xm^cte Olftei ■
3.12 Main .*1!.
I Secuti/rui <Sho€/i,
Whether for “blow” or for “show” there is no gift more appreciated by both ed and coed than handkerchiefs for Christmas, A graceful flowing chiffon handkerchief for those all important formals will send any girl into ecstacies. You can find a most complete selection in all pastel colors. Some of them are plain, while others have smart mdtalic borflerS and sequin designs. Have you seen the new rings for the sole purpose of holding the chiffon hankie? ' Quality Linens The present world conditions will soon have an effect on the number of the’fine quality linen hankies available. As yet there seems to still be quite an assortment in plain as well as printed handkerchiefs. Now more than ever before linen goods are appreciated for gifts. Tihs would be an exceptionally fine time to give her an assortment of gift hankies. For sport’s stake don’t forget to Include a couple extra large gaily colored hankies. You now have a collection that anyone should feel proud to give. Sports Hankies For masculine approval, a gift of initialed white lirten or colored sport handkerchiefs ranks at the top of the list of gratification gifts. Then too, what fellow doesn’t like an extra fine white linen handkerchief along with a fine silk for formal wear. When you go on your shopping trip, you will be amazed with all the possibilities for gift hankies.
If your friendship list is long, your purse small, and youT heart hankering to give, how about— Pinning to a plain red card, a dollar bill pleated Christmas tree shape. Tip it with a gold star and write your good wishes in green ink at the bottom of The card. Place a “key” on the flyleaf of a book sent to your true love: “See pages 3, 19, 20, 99, lOO.” Lightly underlined words on those pages will be your special Christmas message. Use Culinary Art Send him an ordinal Christmas card with clever little phrases about him. If you like to putter in the kitchen making cakes and stuff, any friend would appreciate a Christmas box full of delicious goodies. Or make a special candy box—it can be small but let’s have it delicious. For the girl friends and roommates try embroidering those babuskas with biightly colored flowers and figures. Select a nice grade of fine wool and fringe it yourself, then add the colbrful touches. A useful knitted gift is a pair of wristlets to ward off the cold between the coat sleeve and the cuff. Hand painted hankies always please. Try making leather goods for the men on your list. Billfolds are fairly simple to make and are always welcome. Or perhaps you’re handy with the caiving tools. If so, either lady or man friend would appreciate a hand carved box for jewelry or cuff links. Original Records If he/loves ties, it’s quite the thing now to select the mateiial and
ABout all of us have at least one friend who will be bed ridden during the Christmas holidays. It is often a problem to know exactly what gift to give that will really be appreciated, The gift should not discourage the individual or tempt hifii to do that which is prohibited. One of the best gifts to give are books, especially the humorous ones or ones which pertain to the individual’s hobby or inclinations. Magazine subscriptions are also good since the gift would then last over a longer period of time. Note paper or personalized stationery IS practical and always appreciated. If the friend is a woman there are limitless possibilities along the line of negligees and bed jackets. She wants to look as attractive as possible even though she is handicapped. Perfume and other of the family only. Last but not least a small remembrance in the form of an unusual greeting card always brings gaiety. Try to find one of those cards that seems to keep opening indefinitely. They are always clever and different. Give some thought to your bedridden friends’ gifts. They are the ones that will really appreciate your effort. whip them off yourself. If your friend likes poetry and if you have a fairly good speaking voice, send records of favorite selections in which you are the reader. For the already married lady on your list, make embroidered or fringed tablecloths and napkins. Or purchase inexpensive playing cards and hand paint them.
A gift from DEAC'S with the Purdue crest add much cheer to the festivity of the holidays. Many beautiful vanities, bracelets, necklaces and other crested jewelry to select from. Your last hance to get Russell-Wright spun aluminum. Beautiful designs, light as a feather, wears forever and you do not have to polish it. 1 1 Whitman's famous Christmas Box Candies, H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
Why Not Change Your Interior Decorations This Yuletifle Season? So you’re looking for something different. In a changing world yott would like to see some change, 'the spirit of Christmas has you, and you’re all for this holly and mtetle^ toe and stuff. But nevertheless, wouldn’t it be nice to see the mantel in some new dress other than the usual two red candies on either end? Aren’t you tired of seeing the annual Xmas decoration on the dining table? Tops For Trees Why not try dipping ends of twisted cotton strips into India ink and trim your tree entirely with “ermine tails.” Then top it all with a mauve orchid. Attention attractor for the table is an unusual centerpiece consisting of lemons, oranges, and tangerines dropped into a large glass vase half-filled with water. Pile small squashes, grapes and flowers about the base. Watch the •oranges, et cetera, pop up for air. Go snowy this year with an all white party. Special request to the ladies —wear white. Have white flowers eversTwhere, make centerpiece oi. white paper roses arranged to form a cone, add white candles and white china. Serve frosted Daiquiris stti tiny white-bread-and-cream cheese canapes before dinner, the menu of wholly white concoctions. Beat ths weather man to it with snd# hy playing blue lights outside the din* ing-room windows to illumine the falling flakes. Seive the olive branch to your guests by impaling stuffed olives on shiny, stripped twigs. Place the horn of plenty filled with holly and mistletoe on your mantel. If yop like very festive rooms, decordte your dining chairs with red an4 white strips of cfepe paper and tie a great led bow at the top. For thi^ Cherubs All Around Group mistletoe and clouds of white cotton on your mantel,^ toon them with light-blue and ©injc libbons and top the clouds wit& twin cherubs. Ten-cent store doBsj white painted, with golden hair, wings and halos add to the general effect.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!
This Christmas Give Books Books Make the Ideal Gift Books for Everyone UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE (Across From Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Have your Christmas formals cleaned by us and keep them as g*ood as new! Why not take a trunk full of clean clothes home this Christmas Vacation?
SIGN OF QUALITY
WEST SIDE CEEANERS
Corner of Vine and Northwestern PHONE 4081
w
i- <* .'■CM,,Pitpd^iirEa^toaeM
Fviday^ Dfeeemh»t^ Sy,' 194ii
mmutiitttUt. ''’"
l^afawiie’s Christmm Shfifipins Center '''’ll ' 1__ k.iuu'^h^ U4 Imif(B» Y»u t0< Sh^Ot Earhr This Ye^r TWve aw^ )iedd< tfiiatt twentj^ shop^itlg, days Besft to choose your gifts and whhe oiiv sfdjd^s Ul d^istiiiu» niierclEaiiidl^»>.'iU'c cuuifstltiliie’ righ^ iiUWy' w« edrne^tiy risk yoit im Sa€^ liiRlLt^^'PHIS-YEAR; - hoehV hav« oatenedf to> ChniettooSi Sh«]ff>eu» filoa over seventy years and rlnring' tllfSr hftf^ yJftttUSi hove l)(»ill»-«p> ai netiiitatiioi^ |io|;.goQd^ clfegendiahle quality mep^eljiaiidise ol, moderates p^ioo9> . •>•*),.. ) , Mtiny'of you who have conie from disUintt ciliea hove found! Loeh’s one of! thc‘most< up»tia>d‘ate stores , . . a shopj^ibg center where one can practically huy anything; with departifients so arranged that it i!s a reoh pllpasuve’ to contc to Lpeh’s. OUC' fictrise of over 250 salesfolka are' k^own for their courteous service and' are* ah -way# wjUiogto. aid those who* are fan^liar.wiitlii.shopping and< suggcUs tiie'most pvae* tit*(tl‘ itiipims.t . , CotOe'ih' and see us often, you are always welcome at Loeb’s.
a ptartitai stutul^M>i>il a hamlliag is uluajs a welroiue gift tround ( hris^mas tune (hoose from en\e)ope sivles With aipper do mgs top haiwlles and iiiulerunn mot’ ^ oitli souggei poikel and inside /ippern lltest ]ovo\\ hag ran he had 111 hlatL and inan> new lo&lnme shades Genuine Alligator Rags
If >Au want to gite something extra fine rhoose one bl our {.enuine AUigaUir hags 1 he\ wear forever and afwai^: looks >er\ hetoming Both tuielope arid under arm sivles with uiside zippers
and up
BEAUTY GIFTS She ivUt Appreciate Mu^ital' Powder Bouses $2.98 to> $SiCM)
jrHeSc ai'e s;iir importations from Switygetland* and they are eo lovely styled that she will he more than delighted) Ihisoft shades of blue, gieen, oichidt pinh and gold. Famous Names in Golognes $1.00 to $5.00 There aie very ft(w natiomflly fbmouts makes in coL ognas and toilet waters you oannpt obtain hete| at Loplits.^ Most of them aie attpctivelVtpadvedjfoi gifts and many h.aye atomizeis. We st’ll have importations fj^orn Fiance.^ Toilet Sets in JewelUe $8;'.50 to $25.00 olfiis season’s tolleit sets are so beatdiful that meie deSCI iption does not do them justice. J^wel|;e is an almost non-breakable pmd^^ct and copies in handsome ciystal cleaij inhy-ied, bfup and emeiald colois. The,hrushes h.ive,nylon hristlgs a^id the accessoiies a^e l^f^ndsomely finished. All gilt Jjoxed. ^
Imported Perfumes $a'00. to $35.00
\^r were ^r'ajfy'fi/rfifiule in srturing early this year om« ol the Uncst and best kno4lii imported perfumes such Guerlain, (litoiirl, Patpli,. Laron and maiiv many tdtirrs IKV want uur supply i* irr\ limited
cKjcep Them Outdoor& with Outdoors Gifts yqi fun’s sajic, foi healUi’s s.ikc, for the sake of basing the kiddies off yoiii b‘4p4*'hom^eveiv da> gne join hoys and gills the kind oi (^hiistinas. fipS|iilU|;(kdlf ieeph&t‘in out in the ^lesh an and sunshine as inuili as possible. A|Wagpn OI hike from Loeh’s will make them the envv of the whole iieighhoibg|p4 gangl
Loeh’s TOYLAND Downstairs Store
1 mgerit i- one of the mo&i preiered giflH iliQUbe for liet it i» not oiilv pruiluahh hut lery inuili lehuiiie \ uomun hub never enough of lliese fine nu(leithiiig> VO voii re not mukuig a iiiivluLe giving
Gowns ^ and Slips ^^oderotely Priced $1.98 to $4.50 Irimmed and olherb uguiii in ullurmg printed effedb We liave line wavh to gift wiap ihebe gurinmifh fui you ^ Suliiia uiiii ciepet) in (me qualilv bilkf^ and lotelv ravon wiuvik await vour <lioo&ing in iiiurveluiis beletlioiiH bome in plain pubteU plaudv luiloiid, olherv eluliorulelv lute anti emhoitler} Loeb’s Gift Shop Street Floor1941::
.0 '::,„I'- '#„J .M...MUifMakiL eL Wtmi^ thoose Apparel Gifts of Taste atid Distinction From a Wonderful Christmas‘Cblliection Fyery article has been carefully selected by our buying staff to give you the utmost in prestige, late styling, variety^ dependable quality and savings. The suggestions hefe are but a few of dozens on
Only a.few. more (lay§_until Santa comes down the citirnney. Npm'is the time to be on the, look-oht; tfor jlist the right thiij^ tO please.your 1 friendsv, Of cours^ you, wk'Ht something sfia&zy—something just a. lit^. tie' different from the? ordinary. We all- like novelty, and: atyle? But don!t forget .that practical gifts are more appreqiatedi, Htere . are .some tipsfor gifte for the whole family^. , Ti ps Tlo; Eds; ',' ) Pellpw^i. ,:if you’d. ,^|^,j,to/-hear fropi your girl ai lit'^^ctt'e often, why ,not-s^nd. hen st^feSer^? -Eovely boxes of ,manyl^iffer.ent kinds. oan> be secured' alf^inpsfc'f any ; of the downtown sto'r|k;. You never, know—g.he-might tlje hhitl. Or ,if she’s-, a little’ rnore /Off the feminine type, cosfHme''‘*^SWel4^, a manicure'set,, or something in ttffe cosmetic, line would delfgK't/heW The dramatic type pr^r * gpqd boplfs, i.diarips;, fountain ;g)^,set|';,'pE spn-^e woik of art such as^^ictures.
HAND IN GLOVE WITH THE CHRISTMAS SPIRIT
CAN’T GO WRONG—TIES Every expression^ of the latest ideas in necktvear /or the well-dressed man.
Gloves for dress and for con?l>ns
GIVE HIM SHIRTS hie never has too many shirts^ and he w ^ , predate your giving him some of these.
IN CASE YOU FORGET HE NEEDS HANDKERCHIEFS Pure ivhite and colors.
BEST EOOT EORWARD Clothes conscious men recognize the value of good-looking hosiery.
Tiiis Trcftedh^
^ Cpedkjt are you-Bewildered with, the tiiipniglit, of , y^hBt to get youti bept boy'-friend ? From the frequent appearance of knitting bags on the campus it seems plausible Ghristmas gifts are in’ ,tho' mdKing, A sweater, necktie, or paiiv of §ox. might be. a perfect gift for isbnje friend; , ' ■ ' V Interested In Photograpliy? l-Is be interested'in photography ? if so, a snapshot book would'be''jtist
Jf Uncle Sam tfas Him Now,
Ti^cyTe'' in' tfie
rack -our Beetle Brinf. '
some idea for an-apiw'oprfate
ent to send'down to army camp; W«Ki| look through magarinesi: trjdlrig fer A
get an idea but with no avail, we decide to go window’sftoppSig*
and' maybe get an indpiratioitj Ti^ 5
Pink elephants, but not this- time doesn’t Work oitheT; Finally
the thing. If he ikone of ,those for- in the' oeiling; for pink elephants^ decided, to put the questfoir tfr'env getful souls who are always be- bears are bulg- friends to .see what they wooM s^;
l^^ipd^ schedbl^ a memO'book might Santa’k bag, this Christ- The first suggestion is a go«t be. helpful. ADther ideal .gffts aho p„nr«. N nn EN w-iv book. Hum—now thaPs pretty god#. billfolds', for the priy.ilfeged' i pne3,. W. Santa, of course, IS on his way and it would take hft book ends, for those who read):,adH her room — sisters, girl fnend, achlngfeet
foi-. "tliG srnoliin^.^ fiBndj. liidtlisjps.; If ' you. uro' in u -QUQnclr.y also ifurnisb bim soiuc’ ing' sets- for the beardless, at hair as to what to give, why not please ment.
brush andicomb'set for the one with'
curly hair, and-a wool scarf or pair
her with something unique for her
How about a camera?' He would probably enjoy taking pictures in
of gloves which would feel mighty. I’ooni? ; , , Qopify.duririg the Gold days to. oqmei Pottery is being introduced in all ,ime an may e qam^ow
Don’t’Porgett Home Folks
kinds of designs and figures for dec-
'But let’s not forget the folkkback oration as, wgll as utility for plant ’home!; Mother ■ would;, appreciate containers. They corne in a large
to develop and print them. He mi^t even send some good pictures home,' A watch would come in mighty
for practical gifts now!.
The Eift
Oisfiiictive For trail • iTft *'\.uy{ 5/r jd
Give a lasting gift of yon at yonr bei^t. A portrait of yon is some ; . thing personal and can be kept ’’ throngh many Ghristmas days.,
Wme houBeMd article, pot ia al,
S be "tt^efaUh" —l-t-e. ■>»» b. W
tie;, sis IS always good for some , - „ . , ,. j nrobahlv needs a new nine and a.ad..-., -ov,.!,,. u 4.1. addito a room. Dutchman s Wonder prooaoiy neeas a new pipe, ana aore candy, and little brothers qup.- aNo make a neat bit of brie- carton of cigarettes is always wel-
usually liky choo-choos as well as • fu come
r>i...;-4.. ; 4. T a-brac and filled with, ivy or other come.
anything^ Christmas, is not far , , j. c <
„4. 4-1 1- plants.,Along the same line,.for the Time Savers
qway, so. be wise and. start .looking v t.:., ■
^ flower^minded, are the cozy little He probably has a. limited time pitchers, from- which-African Vio- for dressing in the morning so you lets peep. might give him aemething to-facil-Desk Designers itate matters. An. electric shaver For her, desk we can suggest a 'will speed the shaving dime up. A,' eolorful'desk set with blotter hold- pair of military brushes, will hfilBi er, hand hlbtter, letter opened and his person appearance. perpetual ealefidar, Also a daily re- He might be able to use a. biffi minder' andean address book ivould “Twenty-one dolba appreciated to add to the peace lars a day—once a month.” To-helps; of mind. Address books can either p^gg time on long evenini^, be leather or automatic with the or games of some sort woiii^-
calendar attached. Either are very help
appropriate-T-the distinction being , u • .id'S' ■ There s an old saying goi|kj^.^A
way to a man’s heart?
his, stomach.” If tfaiio,he,t\!uei why
> i: j • 4. ui XT not send him a
diti.ons.for her dressing table. You. .
. , , . , ,r. , cake or cookies;? yom'imghT-lwen.
might give her a lighted make'up , , . .
, f j. ’ , . send him sweets-fromi-i“^-i-.' . •>
lamp, fancy perfume and powder boxes. Do you know whether she has a musical powder box or not ? If she doesn’t, that is certainly a suggestion that you should appreciate. Have you, seen the new, little perfume lamps for her dressing table—turn on the switch and you get a most fragrant odor of; per-
6.34 Main Street
PIione7775
with the individual: preference.
Highlights For Dressers
; Girls never tire of interesting adr
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
Music For 'M'adam' , ' -yPH^,
If you wish to give a irioi^orate gift, pick out a#ight portable radio for her rooms.
may also get the beftefifc fiom this gift, for she is bound to bring it
Lme'ai'ong'with^iight. Lastbutmot along on your sumraet picmci- aiid least—is she yearning for a hew Parties-Idea—right!* AlSo .
dressing table set either with just
the brush, comb and, mirror or; with appreciated. Creamy -alB^^
the powder boxes and manicuring
set.to mateh? They come in attrac- her the niost.
tive gold, sterling silver and the new Twin dresser lamps, top the list
duPont plaster. of those most appreciated , They are very light in weight and Some of them even have a bed Idmp
most convenient to handle. to match. They sire just darling, in.
, ■ - pastel colors with a glass or pottery base. They add that; cer-tain needed oomph to every , feminine j dresser. .
Why don’t you give her some-
thing for her room? She’ll appre-
ciate anything and evor-ything.
O
owr6e
QU
to
tLe i)e6t atij tlvm^^S Mom fv;? it
THEM and WANGEIHN ■ I i:rv) h s ' VG,AN(,n!' i.x
py ^amep • SHIRTS
• ROBES ' • HANDKERCHIEFS • GLOVES • TOWLES
• PAJAMAS • SCARFS •? socks
or (/-jrovner
^or
• GLOVES, • SWEATERS • TRAVEL KITS • SUSPENDERS • LUGGAGE
• HANDKERynEFS
1 aH'
• SCARES I • LINGERIE
G22:*624, Main Stieel!
% ..I . 1 Hr* M i
Phone 4(36?T
4 T
A glowing cheerfulness prevades in 'all homes. - It makes all na^ brothers and nei^hors love ^ one anothei’. Tit is the
Spirit of ICmas.
'We hope it will bring;^
peace in your h
and stay long after th^ v Christmas season Is i
over. V Best wishes for yc happiness
. T- ^
i-V'li;
Transit p Your Green and Silver Bus
serving, you; £««». ■ West Side. . ' '
i'
IViC » « '
'.^'3
ym.
'i'45 Wm * </A
y ‘
il
Purdu& Expdtient - ■■I
Wm
Ba^v-Porsesi Pouches*—whatever is shown this; year milady wants. The biggest hit will be a pur.se to btihg extra joy to her costume, l^tfs taite a look at the popular magazines., Por Mademoiselle to carry her daihties to the formal, HARPERS adds a gold mesh pouch topped with gold rhinestones and emeralds. To the sophisticated, the expert advises a square of black lace over silver lanie and tails of velvet ribbon. Josef Speaks JOSEF calls attention to the pastels in a floral design of seed pearls. Feminine epough! Red velvet triangle scarf plus one of those stupendous Eisenberg pins will conipliment any gown. And should the mademoiselle expect orchids, VOGUE states that gray taffeta will add a touch of luxury to her holiday formals! If her hands are cold, solve the problem temporarily with a combination, black velvet muff and purSe mnbroidered with gold and silver thread and lined with red bunny wool. For youi' "dainty lady”—an envelope of flowered chiffon daintil5' traced in beads—Saks Fifth Ave. Muffs For Mitts While the subject of muffs is here —ior the after five date, her eyes will pop with joy at one of the balloon type muffs of Kelly green or scarlet broadcloth—will top off her entrance. If her eyes are brown, match them with a taffeta pouch . bag and draped turban. And for the blue eyes, VOGUE presents a midnight blue suede box and gloves— both with little silver studs. To the dashing red head we ask dear St. Nick to bring a smart two footer hand bag in purple alligator. Did you ever hear of that before? Alligator Favorites . Seems as though Bill Alligator is 'leading high this .season. For town, Mademoiselle suggests the rectangle British tan suede with bold initials . centered^—and we find a matching leather cigarette case tucked inside—Best and Co.
Bootes Make (Continued from page 1, section 2) gene O’Neal, “Corn is Green” by Emllyh Williams, of thirteen play.s by Noel Coward, “The Curtain Galls.” If you are interested in light' reading, your desire will be satisfied with “Short Stories from the New Yorker,” “Bedside Esqiiircj” dr the “Readers Di.gest Book.” To the biography lover you might give the books on the living biogi'aphies of poets, composers, scientists, and philosophers.
Fiction Tips
Fiction often takes the load in popularity for gifts. The publisher.s have a right to be proud of their selection this year. The new leads are: “Saratoga Trunk” by Edna Ferher, “The Sun is My Undoing” by Marguei'ite tSein, “The Powers by Marguerite Stein, “The Power “Strictly Personal” by W". Somerset . ^aughan, the Harpers prize novel, “Marriage Is a Private Affair” by Judith Kelly, and “Beloved Retui’n.s” by Thomas Mann. These are just a few of the many new novels. We hope that you will take our suggestion and put the boolt department on your list for your first stop for Christinas shopping. A book, is a gift that is always appreciated by anyone at anytime.
Xmas just around the corner and since ina has already told me about Santa Claus, please make Johnny be sweet to me—make him send me the most beautiful bottle of Helena Rubenstein’s “Heaven Sent.” I would just love that—it’s just the thing to wear when I feel in a gay
mood.
Mom and Dad are darlings too—^ but please make them gi'i’e ind a Dorsay’s “Merry-go-Round.” Maybe there’ll be about three scents, each for a different mood. They come in such a cute container — I think that it Avould just look darling on niy vanity. Wouldn’t that be lucky? After I had ufod the perfume, I could have those darling little bottles to use. I want just loads of,other gifts, but I’m just crazy about perfume and the fella that buys it.—well, he sure is smart. I was talking with Jean today and is she planning to make a ■ haul! I hope her men are smart. She wants one pf those bathsoap and a tiny bottle of “White Orchid” perfume. Both are Elizabeth Arden’s and that’s Jeanie’s favorite— that’s why I’m going to get her Arden’s golden “Leaf Compact” with a matching lipstick. You know what I sure hohe Jean will get me?—a little laundry bag filled with all kinds of creams. It’s called “Pretty Fresh” and it’s put out by Dorothy Grey. Jean’s going to get her mother a beautiful box of “Evening in Paris” with perfume, powder, cologne, and talcum in it. It comes in the most beautiful box that you ever saw and it’s an A-1 gift. Oh! diary—;I have so much to do—so many gifts to biiy and unless I get some for Christmas, I have to buy some more Pan-cake make-up. I ran out and I’m so lost without it—it just does wonders for your skin. I also need some manicuring tools, and. Mom said that I could have the darling “Wings Away” kit by La Cross. The case is gabardine and is just I'ight. I just can’t wait until Charla gets her gift—I bought her a bottle of Faberge’s “Tigress”—it’s just the thing for her;—^.she’s so sophisticated and rather exotic. Even the name “Tigress” sounds like her. I’m worried—I' think I lost my lipsticks. I had Helena Rubenstein’s three sticks on a key chain, with a metal. disc attached—they were about the handie-st thing.s. If I can’t find them—plea.se, Santa—. Dear ole diary, please do your best to let Santa know my desires.
G’nite.
Costume Jewelry For Gifts Hits A New High Seieef Jewelry That Fits Her Personality It seems that it is impossible to get endugh costume jewelry. Every cosj^ume and mood calls for something different and unusual. Christnt^as is an ideal time to give some of that much appreciated jewelry to your friends. When you go to buy the jewelry, don’t just buy what happens to suit ydur partcular taste or idiocyncrasy but think of the person to whom you are giving the gift. Visualize your friend—is she tall, short, thin, or fat? Does she have a long thin neck or a short fat one ? Are her hands worthy of accent or should you be satisfied with giving her a dependable lapel gadget ?■ Stick to this and don’t let some overanxious sales girl persuade you otherwise. Do you know what her strong colors are? Does she lean toward silver or gold—does she like tailored or elaborate clothes ? After you have all of these things analyzed, you will be ready to start looking at the unusual and interesting assortment that is being offered at the various jewelry departments. Sterling and coined silver are always popular and appreciated. Have you seen the adorable .sterling, animal figures for pins as well as ear rings ? Ear-rings are being worn now for everything,—sport dress—formal. Before you buy gift ear-rings don’t forget for a moment the shape of your friend’s face. 'There are literally, stocks and stocks of sport neeklaces^leather, wooden and plastic. The R. R. R. necklace reading ’riting, ’rithmitic, the bowling pins and ball, the Greek letter necklace, clothespin necklace, yarn, shell are just a few of the novel ideas for the plain sweaters. Don’t overlook those long strands of pearls and brass beads for sweaters too—they are idolized by the sweater, girls. Does your friend collect either bangle or Indian bracelets? If she does she will certainly appreciate any addition to her col-
lection. .
For more dressy occasions real rhinestone pins are being shown. They can be worn with formals or plain black afternoon ch’esses. Clever pins come in floral and bird designs mainly. Moonstone and pearl is being combined CGmmonl.y with I'hinestone for necklaces for cvenin.g and late afternoon wear. They add that much needed .dics.sy touch to the basic dress.
Selecting Gifts For Hli C’rnGH, gals, stop that fussih’ and fumin’. This is the time of year to be in a gay mood. Get the holiday spirit and stop worrying about what to get the'men in your life for Christinas. The,stores are just full of ideas; here are a few you can
find when you’re doing your shopping. Brush Him Up ■.
Most men are interested in their , - , , appearance. Here’s a handy little their selection of gadget to help it along—a brush- leather goods. You can find a. gift without a bristle. Static’s a common to suit most any man—traveling nuisance on the radio, but just put hags, traveling kits, an eight day it to work, and the people love it. clock, a bill fold with one of those Give one of these static brushes to iiew concealed packets to hide his your man; he can just run it over fortune, key cases, or a handy Dapp his clothes and watch the dust and kit with a water-proof lining, lint stick to it. A bristly brush is Does the lucky man own a ear? included to dust the static brush. Then this gift selection is easy. (Jet You might give him a complete some flashy seat covers of plastic, brush set to chase the dirt. And woven cain, or plaid cloth. Any acspeaking of brushes, don’t forget cessories will make him happy— these military brush sets. Even the radio, clock, heater, chromium lialmost bald papas like to keep the cense plate holders, or a singing few remaining hairs in place. horn that will give him that indiFor the Problem Man vidual approach. (Here’s a tip If he’s a special problem man who though. Please urge him to keep it has everything, just dash over to quiet after the town is asleep).
MARTHA WASHINGTON ’■and . V,'-' MRS. STOVER’S FINE CANDIES BUTTER TOASTED SALTED NUTS All Fresh f or. Your Weeh-End Guests Vellinger’s Pharmacy
834 Main St.
We DelivefIf
fiWkVV
We^re All Dressed Up To Help You Dress Up For Christmas!
We're full of the Christmas Spirit . . . the holly hangs high and the mistletoe hough is just over the door.. . whatever a man could wish to find in his Christmas Stocking is^ right here ready to please him. You'll find it a lark to choose the perfect gift for the man in your life hete where we know the preferences of THE MAN WHO CARES!
Gloves $2.00 up Hakfs Box 3 ..$1.00 Sweater $3.95 Robes $5.9 to 15.00 House Coats $10.00
Hose .39e Wilson Shirts..$2.00 up Ties 65c to $2.50 Faultless Pajamas Knox Hats $6.50 Portis Hats ........$3.95
Baltimore Correlated Fashions Harmonise Like Christmas Carolers
Sisters, mothers, aunts and that wonderful one girl. Christmas shopping is a problem for all men, but not this year. Our stock contains gifts that will delight every girl and woman on your list, and our well-trained clerks are prepared to give you helpful suggestions and courteous service. Say Merry Christmas with any of these items:
Skirts • Pajamas Lingerie •Slippers; Hosiery / • Millinery Hostess Robes • Umbrellas Negligees •Scarfs Bed Jackets • jewelry APPAREL GIFTS ON THE SECOND FLOOR • Fur Trimmed Coats • Sport Coats
• Dresses • Fur Coats • Formals
• Formal Wraps
• Gloves •Handbags • Handkerchiefs • Sweaters • Blouses • jackets j
PALAIS-SAVE SHOP GIFTS • Reversible Coats • Sport Coats • Robes ;
• Dresses • Blouses • Lingerie
For Lovelier, More Complete Selections,. . . DO YOUR CHRISTMAS SHOPPING EARLY!
Sho« Department Owned and Operated by Ourselvea 413-17 Main Street