Purdue
Z-18S
Exponent
Lafayette# Lidiona
FRIDAY
May 26, 1939
VoLSO
No. 192
Cadet Col. R. R. Hannas...
. . . reviews POMM and Scabbard and Blade members with President Somoza. Directly behind President Somoza walks Captain David Larr. President E. C. Elliott and Governor M. Clifford Townsend follow.
Four Students In Critical Condition After Accident Four of the six students involved in the automobile accident south of town Wednesday night are still in a critical condition, according to reports from the hospital last night.
Mortar Board Plans Initiation, Eledion Breakfast Sunday Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will hold their initiation breakfast Sunday morning at 8:00 at the home of Miss Elizabeth Mitchell, professor in the Psysics department. ^ Following breakfast, initiation rites and election for next year’s officers will be held. All alumnae members and the faculty advisors are invited to attend the initiation. Dean Stratton, Prof. Laura Partch, Miss Helen B. Schleman, and Miss Mitchell, faculty advisors for Mortar Board, will attend the breakfast Sunday. Co-eds to be initiated are: Treva Beiry, Catherine Cooley, Althea Jorgeson, Martha Moorhead, Margaret Saurer, Louise Schickler, Georgann Schilling, Ann Sickman, and Betty Wickard.
Margaret Mathes, junior home economics student, is suffering from a fractured skull and minor injuries. The extent of the injuries sustained by Kathryn Howell and Eleanor Kistler, freshmen home economics students, has not been definitely determined. Thomas Jay, freshmai# engineer, is suffering from shock, cuts, and bruises. All are expected to recover.
Margaret Mathes regained consciousness for the first time yesterday afternoon. Fred Douglas returned to the hospital yesterday suffering from a skull fracture. ' Frederick Douglas, driver of the car, was discharged from the hospital after being treated for minor injuries. Seybold Funeral Funeral services for Robert F. Seybold, who was killed, will be held at Flanner and Buchanan funeral parlors. Fall Creek Boulevard and Meridian street, Indianapolis, at 11 a. m. tomorrow. He will be buried at Terre Haute. A delegation from the Phi Gamma Delta house, where Seybold pledged the night before his death, will attend the funeral. Douglas was re-admitted to the (Continued on page 4)
Musical Organizations Elect 193940 Officers Meeting for the final time this term, the various musical organizations of the University gathered last night for their annual music banquet at Lincoln Lodge and elected officers for next year. In addition to electing officers, the organizations signally honored Paul Worcester, Ag ’39, with the annual award for the senior contributing the most effort to musical activities on the campus. New managers elected last night are: Richard Thornton, EE ’40, University choir; Harold Schulte, ME ’40, concert choir; John Cochrun, Sci ’40, glee club. | Officers Elected J Other officers include Frank ; Fianz, Ag. ’40, treasurer; Robert Caskey, Sci ’40, assistant treasurer; Rosemary Robinshn, HE ’40, co-ed executive representative; Martha Moorhead, HE ’40, activity board representative; Elmer Carlquist, ME ’40, publicity chairman.
With the musical activities award, Worcester culminates four years of service with the University’s various musical organizations. He served four years each on the University choir, concert choir, and glee club, serving as manager of the two choirs during the past year. He has also taken part in four All-Campus shows, taking the minor lead in this year’s presentation, “The Mikado.” Worcester was the
President Somoza Praises University# State At Banquet; Tours Campus# Farm
musical director of the Thanksgiving Union show this year, and acted as rehearsal assistant for last year’s summer chorus.
Catherine Cooley, YWCA President, Conducts Retreat YWCA cabinet members held their annual spring retreat Wednesday evening from 4 to 7:30 at the home of Catherine Cooley, president. Discussion of plans for next year’s work was the chief purpose of the meeting. Cabinet members decided that each girl should file a written application stating her YWCA chmmittee or activity preference for the coming year. The applications must be in at the YWCA box at the Union desk by next Tuesday, May 29. A picnic supper followed the retreat. Assistant Dean of Women, Miss Clare Coolidge, who is faculty advisor for YWCA, attended the meeting. Awards Presented To WAA Members Yesteiday marked the close of Women’s Athletic Association when Sportswomen entertained WAA members and their friends at their annual spring Sports Spread. After the picnic, annual awards were given members. Class numerals, which are awarded to any girl who gets one-hundred points for playing in class games, were given to Betty Van Nice, freshman, and Nancy Perkins, sophomore. “P” monograms, which are awarded to any girl who totals onC thousand points was awarded to Louise Thomas, sophomore. Awarding of “P” monograms automatically pledges Miss Thomas to Sportswomen, WAA honorary. The class cup annually presented by WAA was this year awarded to the junior class. The intramural cup was given to Chi Omega sorority. Skins ^warded Skins were awarded to senior women active in WAA on the basis of continued interest, good sportsmanship, health, and scholarship. Awards were given last night to Katherine Merritt, president of WAA this past year, and Jeanette Shaffer, past president of Sportswomen. Miss Shaffer has also been an active member of WAA council for the last three years. Sportswomen last night also honored Miss Helen Hazelton, member of the Physical Education staff for the last ten years. For her interest in WAA and leadership work with athletic members. Miss Hazelton was given a set of golf gloves and balls. Activities Leaders To View News Reel Pictures taken by the activity bureau on this campus and a news reel of activities^ on the Iowa State campus will be shown Monday evening. May 29, in the Activity Bureau room in Memorial Union Building. Invitations have been extended to leaders in vaiious activities to attend. Phi Kappa Psi... . .. announces the following officers for the coming year: Dick DeMars, president; Dan Fisher, vice-presi-dent; Bob Hoffer, recording secretary; John Van Horn, corresponding secretary; Bill Keenan, treasurer; Vaughan Hill, sergeant-at-arms; Tom Mumford, chaplain; Burton Gedge, keeper of scrapbook; Pearl Miller, keeper of keys.
Weems Will Play For 500 Couples At Cary Formal Ted Weems and his orchestra, playing for the Cary Hall formal in the Union ballroom tonight, will close the semester’s formal social season. Weems will bring his orchestra here from the Gold Coast room of the Drake hotel for the dance. Nearly 500 couples will attend the closed dance from 8:30 to 12:30. Variations of Prom decorations will decorate the ballroom. The dance will be strictly formal according to social chairman Carl Lutz— white coats and dark trousers only. Refreshments will be served to all faculty guests and chaperons in rooms 1 and 2 during the intermissions. Weems will bring his entire band here, featuring Elmo Tanner, “Country” Washburn, and Perry Como. Weems not only leads the band, but also does the arranging. He started as an engineer at the University of Pennsylvania, but soon after graduation he formed his own dance band in New York City. Since then Weems has played at the Palmer House, Chicago; Wal-dorf-Astoria Hotel, New York; St. Francis Hotel, San Francisco; and Baker Hotel, Dallas. Summer Session To Feature New Course In Music One of the new features of the annual summer session will be the Music Leadership Training School to be held here from June 23 to July 2. Song leaders, choir directors, orchestra and band leaders, and others interested in music problems are expected to attend. George W. Campbell, Cincinnati, 0., a professional song leader, who will teach methods of leading community singing, is heading the staff. A class in voice culture and a vocal clinic for individual students will be conducted by Margaret Dennis, head of the voice department of Shorter College, Rome, Ga. Marshall Howenstein, director of instrumental music in the West Lafayette public schools, will have charge of the instrumental work of the school. Classes in conducting and in choir and chorus management will be taught by Albert P. Stewart, University music director. At the closing session of the school, a cantata will be produced by the music school chorus under Stewart’s direction.
Places Wreath On John Purdue’s Grave/ Governor^ Ross Speak “Any words of highest praise that you can put in my mouth would only partially express my sentiments toward Purdue and your Hoosier state,” stated President Somoza of Nicaragua, when questioned as to his reaction toward the University on his first visit to the caanpus yesterday. — I - “My nephew and two other Nicaraguans are enrolled in your UniTGCI versity and they say they would rather be here than in any other institution they could name,” he con-
tinued.
Guns Announce Arrival Twenty-one shots reverberating across the campus announced the arrival of President Somoza at 11:15 a. m. to approximately 1,500 students who had gathered on the oval in honor pf the Nicaraguan dignitaries’ visit here. Following ceremonies at the site of John Purdue’s grave, the presidential party was escorted to the Union where luncheon was served in the ballroom. President Elliott introduced Mayor Keim of West Lafayette, David E. Ross, chairman of the University board of trustees; Lieut. Governor Shricker, and Governor Townsend, who welcomed President Somoza for the town, state, and University. Ferdinand The Bull He also presented many prominent figures in Indiana livestock trade, and in his capacity as toastmaster, chided Somoza about the rumor that he had come all the way from Nicaragua to see Ferdinand the Bull, whom he had been led to believe was a Hoosier product. At the conclusion of luncheon, and following an announcement by T. R. Johnston, publicity director of the University, Somoza was taken on an auto tour of the University
farms.
Displays Milking Skill The President is the owner of a 30,000 acre farm and 2,000 head of cattle, and showed an intimate knowledge of the problems and processes of farming, even to displaying his skill on the milking stool. Terminating his tour at 4:15 p. m,. Somoza and his party drove to Logansport, where they took the 5:45 p. m. train to Chicago.
Maestro
Fifty Petition For Senate Positions; Deadline Today Ten more petitions were turned in yesterday to the Student Senate, making a total of 50 handed in thus
far.
The Senate office will be open from 12:30 to 1:00 p. m. today to permit taking out of last minute petitions. The deadline will be 5:30 p. m. Yesterday’s petitions were handed in as follows: CE, PSE, and IE, one sophomore and six juniors; ChE and Met E, two sophomores and six juniors; Phar and PE, one sophomore and three juniors; ME, six sophomores' and five juniors; Ag, three sophomores and three juniors; EE, one sophomore and four juniors; HE, two sophomores and two juniors; Sci, two sophomores and three juniors. "Lillie Slsfers"... ... of the Women’s Residence Hall club members are to be special guests at the hall this week end. A picnic, and other features have been planned as the entertainment. Jean Ragsdale is in charge of the arrangements.
Special... . . . University services in observance of Memorial Day will be held Tuesday morning. May 30, at 9:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. J. William Robinson will make the address. His subject will be “What Does Tdealogy’ Mean?” All members of the staff and student body are urged to attend these exercises. Edward C. Elliott, President.
Exponent Staffs Pharmacy Apothecary Works To Picnic Sunday Overtime Month Of February
Sunday afternoon at 2:30 o’clock all staffs of the Exponent will convene in the Union Exponent office before leaving for a staff picnic at Lake EYeeman. Swimming will be in order. In addition to other entertainment, the main feature of the day will be a hotly contested baseball game between the editorial and business staffs. Competition will no doubt be keen in 'this game. Four o’clock today is the deadline for paying for refreshments. Dan Heiple on the editorial staff or Ray Hall on the business staff are collecting 25 cents from each person for this purpose.
Located in the south end of the Pharmacy Building is a complete apothecary’s shop wheie most of the prescriptions issued by the Student Health Service are filled free of charge for students. Each senior in the school of pharmacy spends three hours a week in the shop and two registered pharmacists are on duty at all times. ^ Open from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. except on Satiuday when it closes at noon, the shop does an amazing amount of business. February was the busiest month when an average of 190 prescriptions a day were filled. September ranked second with 177 per day while March, De-
cember, November, and January had 131, 119, 110, and 106, respectively. Not only the prescriptions issued by the Health Service ai'e filled here, but all of the medicine which is distributed by the Health Service is manufactured by the pharmacy students. During the first semester the following supplies were received and distributed by the Health Service— 48 thousand capsules, 38 thousand pills, 661 pints of syrups, 487 pints of lotions, 1,738 pints of solutions, 267 pounds of ointment, 162 pounds of powders, and many smaller items.£dlbfuaL
THE FDBDHE EXPONENT
JiOahihoA.
FHdojr.Moy 26, 1939
Automobile Deaths...
... are not a happy thing to write about. Naturally, every newspaper man appreciates news . . . but not the kind which reports the death of a schoolmate and puts five more in the hospital.
No one person can be blamed for Wednesday’s accident; no cries of “flaming youth” can be raised. Unfortunately, however, speed plays no favorites, and lack of stop signs at the intersection did not help matters.
Locking the bam after the horse has gone is sometimes a fruitless move. However, a comprehensive stop sign survey of the Lafayette countryside by state, county, or city officials might prevent another disastrous crash. Many drivers seldom stop unless ordered to. The accident could have happened to any group of students, or their parents for that matter, just as easily as it happened Wednesday. It is foolish to think that calling-off all trade picnics or prohibiting student automobiles would help matters. Spring and the open road lend youthful hearts a strong desire to speed, whether or not there may be real cause for hurry. It will take determination to eliminate this urge. Memorial Day especially will see hundreds of cars pass through Lafayette, many of them student owned, speeding to the Indianapolis race. We hope no wrecks will be left behind on the road that night.
Accident, prevention drives and safe driving axioms have gained tremendous publicity in recent years. We could fill the entire Exponent with advice on “How To Drive And How Not To Drive.” We will not, however,
Purdue Exponent
Ehitered as second class matter at the post Office to Lafayette, IndianhV under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase xnc^HIded for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authoriiged Jannary 20. 1022. Pafolisbed didly except Monday dnrins the reicnlar academic year and weekly dnrinK the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 ]per year, mail sabecription $8.60. ,
Editorial Board
K. E. Insley
...Editor-inrChlef
W. E. Smith Business Manager
- , Editorial Director ^.....Manasinar Editor Senior Advertisinir Manager Co-ed Editolr ^....Sports Editor
D. G. Terrio G. W. Frederick E. M. Antonini G. Schilling; R. Jenkins
Editorial
Junior Staff
Business
R. P. DeHoog
R. W. Donahue
D. K. Heiple 3. H. McKee IL It. Miers J. C. Willsey
. Sports J. P. Dolan S. D. Marquis M. M. Richards
Co-ed
M. Burtsfleld
G. Carroll B. Simpson
D. J. Henninger, Art Director
R. Fisher '■*
R. Hall A. Hite
M. Hagemeyer
T. Petty
G. Cox, Sec.
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
RBPRB6BNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Adveifising Service, Inc. College Publishers RepresetsMive 420 MADiaoN Ave. New York, N.Y. CHICASp ■ BOSTOS ' Los ABeSUS - SAB FRANCISCO
This newspaper la written, edlte^ and pubUahed by nndergn^adnate studente of Purdue University. AB opin-ions-in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written, by the Editorial Director.
Night Editor—McKee Issue Editor—Sidwell ! Friday, May 26, 1939
lay down a set of traffic rules in this issue. But we do want you to live unhurt.
known about its properties but many heads are no^y at work on the problem. —B&B—
SPECIAL-
Editor’s Note: Some time ago there appeared in the “Bold and Black” column the article entitled “Chemistry of the Woman.” This is a chemical’s follow-up. THE CHEMISTRY OF THE KISS
One sophomore was talked into wearing senior cords to the village by a senior housemate. Both walked to the village—one wary—the other unconcerned. They met another senior housemate on the way down, and both seniors buzzed and whispered, while the soph waited quietly.
slowness, removed the fateful cords and. placed them tenderly in the arms of the awe struck seniors. Then, bowing a graceful exit, he stepped into the squad car which had drawn up beside the group. He was driven home, and the angry, dejected seniors plodded wearily on their way.
B & B-
Occurrence: Kisses were discovei’ed by the old alchemist named Adam during his research on apples; He was ably assisted in this important work by Eve, to whom much of the credit of the discovery is due. Kisses may be produced synthetically, but the natural is more widely used. It may be found in the free state in parks, automobiles, parlors, porches, and similar places. Its occurrence in the combined state is rare except in certain localities where it is found in combination, with divorce proceedings and the like.
When they were abreast of the Chocolate Shop, the other senior returned with a friend—also a senior, and the fight began. The soph kept the seniors busy for quite a while— not wishing to be “depantsed” before such a great gathering on State street. The law intervened and the problem was closed. However, the soph didn’t want his senior friends to feel slighted so he led them to an alley—very dark and lonely—and with exaggerated
CHARACTERS. . . . . . in this episode were, seniors: Deac Van Abeele, Andrew Kuzmitz, and Truman Woodmansee. Sophomore: Paul Ganzar ...
—B&B—
DAFPYNITIONS . . . Time—what railroads
make
tables of for trains to run on.-— R. Donahue, ChE ’41.
Chemical Properties: The kiss is slightly reactive to metals like iron, but does have a great attraction for metals like gold and platinum with which it reacts with the liberation of a great deal of hot air. Physical Properties: Its chief physical property is that it is sensitive to light—particularly moonlight. Uses: This substance because of its peculiar chemical as well as physical properties, finds varied uses in the arts—especially in the art of love-making. Little more is
TODAY-SATURDAY
IN THE PALM OF A HAND TIPPED WITH
TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RUN FEATURES
JOHN HOWARD in
• AND —
4siirh \S0?**^SMIIETBURHETTE ^ JOE FRISCO
20c to 6:00 tlien 10-20-25c
• Go off rtiw weeE-end with fingertips to dazzle a dozen Romeos! '
Enfoy the luxury of an expert professional manicure ot your favorite beauty shop . . . topped off with one of Peggy Sage's new "Sentimental Trio" of flat-
tering fingertip accents ... Goldrush ... Heartbreak
...No
fosegay.
Or osic for these subtle-siren colors at better toiletries counters . . . They're straight from Peggy Sage's exclusive salons hfi New York, London
and Paris.
"fhn polhh that wears like iron.'
2^0- to
TRY THE WORLD-FAMOUS Scig@ MANICURE
Discriminating women throughout the world appreciate the smartness and wearing qualities of Peggy Sage Polish.
Let us bring out the hidden beauty of your hands! If your nails have a tendency to split and break, enjoy your first Peggy Soge Manicure today!
LOEB&HENCCOMPAKY
Speedway Chatter
By Don Herr, Jr.
Editor’s Note: Herr is a senior mechanical and has worked fqr the last seven, years as an official AAA representative at the Indianapolis Speedway. He will use Speedway Chatter as his pereonal column to gave Exponent readers the lowdown on the 500 mile classic.
For a number of years Ted Horn has driven for the money winner,” Harry Hartz. During the past three years he has placed the same car 2nd, 3rd, and 4th. This year he will pilot the beautiful one-year-old which the late Bill Cummings drove last year. This particular combination, without a doubt, will be given full consideration in the money changing circles. After looking them all over, I would select this car-driver team for the top position on my win, place, or show list. —SC—
The Boyle entries can be recognized easily by their beautiful maroon color and a newly acquired insignia of a golden clay pipe and a three-leaf clover. —SC—
Harry Miller,, race car builder, was the first to arrive at the track this year. He brought not one, but three rear-engined, four wheel drives with him. George Bailey did a fine job of rolling one of them into the line-up with an average qualifying speed of 125.821 miles per hour. The three cars are certainly an eye ful—^not quints, perhaps, but three exactly alike.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY MC WAS GALLOPING JUSTICE! ms
EMEEE
— WITH — .PAUL KELLY LORNA GRAY
•bo —
jihtbncMTiMCDtmttoia
— PLUS — HAWK of the WILDERNESS No. 1
AIR CONDITIONED
MAid
TODAY-TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
‘‘Frame-up! Ambush!" Baffiinel
riM HOLT VIRGINIA WEIDLER '^ JANET SHAW wm ACE. Wonder Dog!
PLUS — A Nervy Girl Pits Her Beauty and Brains Against Foreign Spies!
:njivy SECRETS
EXTRA — DONALD DUCK
GRiN and BEAlifr
“You women are so hard to please! Why aren’t you satisfied with the birthday present you bought me ?”
Rex Mays is driving a speedy looking blue car which is a sister to Jimmy Snyder’s “D. G.’s No, 1.” Mays’ car has naturally been labeled “Dirty Gertie’s No. 2.” These cars belong to a group entered by the youthful millionaire driver, Joe
Thorne. Rex was unsuccessful in his only qualification attempt. His speed for the three laps—126, 130, and 130 miles per hour. The car developed an oil leak during the third lap, halting his first try.
HAYS JEWELKY CO.
EAST SIRE OF SQUARE F1]\E JEWEERY AT MORERATE^RICES
ONE DAY ONLY SATURDAY
SARA JANE BATTLES and Her platinum TUNESMITHS
DOORS OPEN
12:30 Stage Shows at 2:30- 5:00-7:30- 10:00 Last Complete Show at 10:00
• ON THE SCREEN • Mr& “400” Muscles in on the Muggs!
LAST DAY—
GEORGE RAFT ELLEN DREW — IN — "THE LADY'S FROM KENTUCKY'
PAY BAINTERVTdA
• ADMISSION • ALL SEATS 25(
11:30
to
1:00
ALL SEATS 30t '£
2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING
MAIN FLOOR 40c
30c
BALCONY
CHILDREN, ALL DAY
15c
^ I si
r
I i
V' s?!
■ li ' i»
(■if
Friday, May 26, 1939
Riveter Netmen Meet Indiana State; Seek To Avenge ^arly Season Defeat
Hoping to erase an* early season defeat by Indiana State, the Boilermaker netmen will cross rackets with the State squad this afternoon on the home courts. Determined to break their three match losing streak in this final match of the year, Coach Larry LaBree will send a slightly altered lineup against the Statemen. Fuente, Alexander, Hebbeler, Mann, and Jackson will hold down the singles berths while Alexander and Mann, and Jackson and Fuente will take care of the doubles situation. When losing 3-1 to the State squad in an early season indoor match, the Boilermakers were laboring far behind their opponents in the matter of conditioning and
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties from DEWENTER’S
HOW TO TIE A TIE
Arrow, makers of famed Arrow shirts . . . now make neckties. And here tells you how to tie them. First, put the wide end over and under narrow end r. . thus . . .
Then form a preliminary knot, by bringing wide end over narrow end and up through opening at collar. Smooth out the preliminary knot.
0 Next, put the wide end through the * loop—loosely—and smooth out again. Keeping the knot smooth is important.
A Now make a groove lengthwise in the * wide end by pinching the sides together. This groove—when you pull the tie tight—forms a dimple beneath knot. Arrow Ties, because of their rich fabrics, achieve this drape easily.
The finished job looks like this. Knot not too big — and not so tight it screeches. Tie one of our Arrow Ties in this manner and you have the last word in necktie smartness.
>1 and n.50. That’s all Arrow Ties cost. Fine fabrics. Beautiful tailoring. They hold their shape through a resilient feature, tie neatly, wear long. See your Arrow dealer.
ARROWCRAVATS You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION'S
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
length of training period. With several weeks of tennis completed, LaBree is now confident that his charges can more than match rackets with the Indiana State squad. On Monday^ three Boilermaker juniors will journey to Chicago for the Big Ten tournament. Becauseof senior finals only Fuente, Alexander, and Hebbeler will be able to make the trip.
Walter S. Gifford, president of the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, has been named Union College’s honorary chancellor for the next school year.
Anderson Outstrokes Field Of Seventeen To Win First In Annilal Wabash River Swim Ted Anderson, stroking the two and a half mile stretch from Lincoln Lodge to the Brown street bridge in 27 minutes and 8 seconds, outswam the field yesterday afternoon to capture the annual Wabash River Swim.
Finishing 36 seconds behind Anderson, Frank Branner was the second merman to go under the bridge. He was followed by Fred Herr, Alex Kusko, Bruce Bunting, and Tommy Harris, in that order. The first four finishers were freshmen. Hampered by a 90 degree temperature and a south wind which chopped up the river, the time of the field was considerably slower than last year when Johnny Graham chalked up a new record of 21:57. Braving the intense heat, several hundred spectators lined the rail of the Brown street bridge for the finish of the long distance event. Because of the severe strain on the swimmers, boats followed each of the 17 entrants to be of aid in case of an emergency. Chief Clevett, head of the intramural department, announces that the "winner will receive a plaque of a swimming figure. The second and third place winners will be awarded gold medals, fourth aad fifth will get silver medals, and the next two, bronze medals. Dan Heiple also swam.
Cold Candy Bars— We are making every effort to supply you with candy bars that won't be sticky when you unwrap them.
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
BY
# Maybe you can’t wiggle your toes in the breeze under a shady South Sea palm. But you can give ’em a break by letting us fit you in a pair of Fortune COOLATOTIS! COOLATORS are the perfect hot weather shoe, because they’re really aired! Every COOLATOR has 800 perforations to bring in a walking breeze at every step ... to keep your feet cool and comfortable. You’U like the style of COOLATORS,' $ _ toOf Trim and smart, they’ll add the finishing touch to any of your summer outfits. Cmne in today!
B & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St
.—/ IS3;
SPRING COMFORT
As fine an assortment of odd summer trousers as we’ve ever had. Choice of various types of fabrics all tailored to give a neat fit and appearance. Slacks $1.98 and up Inner Outer Shirts 98c and up Ensenada Suits $1.95 Bush Coats $1.98 and up
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Street
Phone 5730
OhoksL By Robert J. Deckard
(Today, Fielders Choice presents the second in a series of articles giving a short summary of outstanding achievements of Boilermaker athletes graduating this June.) —^fc— Tony Ippolito, popular Boilermaker fullback on the last three football combinations, took his first peek at this ole world 22 years ago, the site of his birth being Chicago, 111. . . . the five foot, nine inch, 195 pounder earned nine letters in high school, besides holding the city shot put and discus records ... he garnered the same events at the interscholastic meet at Notre Dame in 1935.
Boilermaker Nine Faces Wolverines Here Today
—^fc In the fall of 1935, Tony entered the University as a science student, beginning his work here in preparation for entering medical school . . . following graduation, “Ipp,” as his associates speak of him, plans to enter the Loyola Medical school. —^fc— Although playing consistently good ball throughout his three years of participation on the Riveter squad, Tony’s big moment really came in the last ball game .. . after spearing a pass for a gain of 35 yards, Tony then plunged over the final six yards to score the only touchdown of the game, the North ekeing out a six to nothing win over the Southerners. —^fc— Tony IS a member of Theta Chi, social fraternity; Gimlet Club and the P Men’s club. —^fc— Tony leceived numerous All-Big Ten mention and was awared an All-American rating in 1938 by Christy Walsh, well-known sports writer. —fc— The Chicago lad has great hopes of playing in the All-Star game in Chicago this summer ... he also has received several offers to turn to professional football, but t’is rumored that his potential wife, Camille larussi, forbids the little Italian to enter the lucrative side of the football game.
The American Legion’s national executive committee recently passed resolutions favoring military training in all land grant colleges
In a last determined effort to return to their winning ways in Big Ten competition, the Boilermaker varsity diamondmen will battle the Michigan Wolverines today in the first game of the final series of the Purdue schedule. The game will start at 4 o’clock on the Ross-Ade diamond. Today’s game will be a crucial tilt with both teams battling to get a firm hold on the third place position in the conference standings. The Boilermakers, who have won five and lost three Big Ten games, stepped into third place just above the Wolverines when the Michigan team lost to Wisconsin early m the week. The Wolverines have won six and lost four conference tilts. Bailey On Mound With Bob Bailey, Riveter sophomore, doing the hurling for the Purdue team, and Dan Smick, Michigan ace, performing on the mound for the Wolveiines, today’s battle promises to be an excellent pitcher’s duel. Bailey has hurled the Boilermakeis to four Big Ten victories this season while losing two heartbreakers. Smick has been the mainstay of the Wolveiine pitching staff this season. When not tossing in strikes from the mound, Dan plays right field for the Michigan team. Still gunning for their sixth confeience win, the Boilermakers "will be seeking to stop their two game losing stieak. The Purdue team lost the second Ohio game 6-5, and the Illinois tilt, 1-0. Since then the Boilermakeis have lost to Notre Dame and walloped Butlei and Wabash.
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^alqreen drug stores 410 Main Street
Put your household furnishings in our hands and, presto, you have the equivalent of a perfect servant at surprisingly small cost. We guarantee to return your belongings, cleaned and rejuvenated, exactly as you want them. Ultra modern equipment and extra care assure you of complete satisfaction. Call today for information on our low prices. CROWN LAUNDRY' ' ^ ' ' ' o' 4 AxetL Ctdi, the PORDUE EXPOKENT ^ntieOA. FViday,May26.I939 • >(
I
Four Student Critical (Continued from page 1) hospital last night when it was found that h ehas a slight skull fracture and a bad knee. Douglas was driving north on Ninth street and he collided with the car driven by Peak at the integ^ section of Ninth and the boulevard. Peak’s face and back were cut but his condition is not serious. Peak, a country boy, was on his way to West Point. WRH Will Honor Senior Women At Annual Dinner Senior residents of the Women’s Residence Hall will be given a dinner in their honor Sunday, May 28, at one o’clock in the hall dining rooms.
Alpha Phi Omega: Initiation in rooms B and C of Union at 5 p. m. Sunday, May 28, with banquet following in the faculty ' lounge. All members who intend to be present please contact McCannon, Yates, or Croxall. (5-28) —CROXALL.
Plying and Glider Clubs: Combined picnic will be held Monday, May 29, at 7 p. m. Everyone is to bring dates and meet at the east door of the Union, so that transportation may be arranged. Anyone wishing to bring his lunch may do so and the clubs will furnish refreshments. —KIMBALL.
Freshman Engineers: There will_ be no meeting of engineering lectures during the remainder of the present semester. (5-27) —KNAPP. Union Freshmen: Will all available freshmen please report to the workshop Friday, May 27, at 4 p. m. , —TILT.
PEW 52, 64, and 56: Final tests in physical education activities will be held Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. as follows: tennis, swimming, and adapted activities in the Women’s Gym; archery and horseback riding in the lecture room of Coulter Hall: bowling and dancing in room 101 of the Education Building; and baseball and golf in room 201 of the Education Building. —HAZELTON.
Sophomore Chemical, Metallurgical Engineering : A vote of the students copcemed has indicated that June 9 and 10, 1939, will be more convenient dates for the Sophomore Comprehensive Examination than those previously arranged. Since there will be no conflicts every student holding a sophomore card in this school must report for these examinations at the times and places judicated. Bring to the examination writing materials and slide rule. The possession _ or use of any books, tables, papers of any kind during the examination is forbidden. —BRAY.
All ME Drawing Students: All drawers in desks in the ME drawing rooms must be emptied by June 10, 1939, in order to allow inspection and repair during summer. Those who will need to use desks during summer school may obtain permission from Mr. Bolz to use special desks. Locks remaining on drawers will have to be cut. Material remaining in desks after June 10 will be considered as abandoned and can not be guaranteed safe keeping. —AULT.
Exponent Staffs: All members of the editorial, business, and sports staff are invited to a picnic at Freeman Lake Sunday afternoon. May 28. Meet at 2:30 p. m. in the Union. Price is 25c per person payable to either Dan Heiple or Ray Hall. —HSTSLEY.
Co-ed Riding Classes: A minimum of five rides is required to obtain a grade. Makeup rides are scheduled on Friday, May 26, at 2 :30 p. m. or Monday, May 29, at 1:30 and 2:30 p. m. If it is impossible to ride these hours, special appointment may he made during the day and late afternoon by phoning the Purdue Riding Stables, 36230. The riding examinations will be given today. May 26, at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room. —CASE.
Final Exam Notice: Check the final examination schedule again to be sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your finals. Failure to understand or misreading the schedule sheet are not sufficient causes to warrant a second examin^ t’on. Absence from a final exam will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course. (5-29) —M. L. FISHER.
Drawing Plates—G. E. 12: Those who took Engineering Drawing, first semester, may have their drawing plates_ by calling at the stock room, 8rd floor, Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon Saturday, June 3rd. (5-27) —RISING. G. E. 11-12—Engineering Drawing: Students desiring to remove “C’s" and “I’s” before the close of the present semester, please make arrangements at room 202, Michael Golden Shops. —RISING. All Students: Those whose course of study calls for electives during the school year 1939-40 must make a choice before the end of this semester. This applies to all present juniors, present sophomores except 'in forestry, chemical, metallurgical, mechanical, and public service engineerinit, and engi-neering-law. Offices of the heads of the schools and registrar have plans of study. These students should cons^t the Dean or head of his school at an early date. Those contemplating a change of schools are advised to file application before the end of the present semester. (6-10) —STONE. ' Summer School Students: Students who are ]^annlng on attending summer school should secure the necessary forms from the Director of Admissions’ office at once. By filling out these forms and returning
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation has been postponed until Sunday, May 28, at 8:30 a. m, —BURNHAM.
MISCELLANEOUS
Mixed Swim: A mixed swim will be held this evening, Friday, May 26, from 7:30 to 9 p. m. at the Women’s Gymnasium. Men will be charged ten cents locker fee, but there will be no charge for the women. Men are urged to bring their dates. —CASE.
Mortar Board: Initiation of pledges Sunday, May 28, at 7:46 a. m. at Mias Mitchell’s home on Stadium road. —WOOD.
WANTED—Students to deliver the Purdue Exponent next year. Write to the Purdue Exponent, Circulation Dept., P. O. Box 225, L^ayette, and include your present phone number.
WANTED—Male student who wishes to work for room for summer school. 415 Main, West Lafayette.
Wesley Foundation: Annual Memorial picnic will be held at Camp Tecumseh the afternoon and evening of Tuesday. May 30. Cost 40 cents. All members and friends are invited. Cars will leave the foundation house at 1 p. m. and 4 :30 p. m. —McFADDEN.
LOST—Tau Beta Pi, Pi Tau Sigma and Alpha Tau Omega keys between Library and Women’s Residence Hall, South, Tuesday, evening. Reward. Call Fred Robbins, 254 !.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St.
WANTED—Summer students, automatic water heater, single beds, use of electric refrigerator. $5 per month. 108 Waldron. Phone 41852.
FOR SALE
FOR SALE—1938 Model AF Argus miniature camera and case. Perfect condition. Phone 6991. Heaton.
Exponent Editorial Staff: The following are scheduled to work Friday, May 26: Willsey, DeHoog, Elvis, Traugott, Jenkins, Anderson, Heaton, Robinson, and Mueller. All on the editorial staff who have not handed into Fred their exam schedules do so at once. —FRED.
Exponent Editorial Staff: The general editorial staff meeting scheduled for Saturday, May 27, has been postponed. Junior associate editors will meet at 1 p. m. in room E of the Union. —INSLEY.
Women’s Gym Lockers: Must be emptied and locks turned in by 4:30 p. m. Friday. June 2. —HAZELTON.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
Decker
SOME MEN LIKE TO SUN SOME MEN LIKE TO SWIM
ALL MEN LIKE JAHTZEUS
9 Slim or heavy, young or old, there’s a Jantzen trunk style made for you. And every Jantzen is made for the water! For comfort and freedom and action! Jantzen has many exclusive new styles and fabrics this year. No one has ever made them before. Lastex yarn has been added for trim athletic appearance. All fit perfectly. All dry rapidly. All have superb tailoring and design.
518-20 Main St.
Decker
Phone 6477
518-20 Main St.
Phone 6477
It’s the Best Way
The quick and economical way to travel, is the best way. On your next date call a Yellow Cab, 25^ per passenger, anywhere in Lafayette or West Lafayette. Yellow Cab Company 423 Ferry St. Phone 5023
them now much time can be saved June IB. (B-26) —DAMMON. Gimlet Men: Seniors whose diploma fees are paid can get receipts and commencement tickets at cashier's office. —HARPEBfc
for reservations by 4 o’clock .Friday, May 26. —FINNEY.
Mortar Board: Meeting of actives in WSGA office Friday, May 26, at 6 p. m. Bring mortar board pin. Meeting is-very important. —WOOD.
Co-op Houses: Anyone interested in participating in a co-op table Uiis summer will hold a meeting at Kagawa House, 817 Vine Street, Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. Anyone who can not attend 'the meeting please call me. Telephone 2667. —WORTHINGTON.
Co-op Houses: There will be a meeting of everyone interested in eating at a cooilp hoard during the summer -term at Kagawa house Friday, May 26, at 4 p. m. All those interested, but who cannot at tend the meeting, please call 2667. -WORTHINGTON.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 11, 12 and 13, are requested to make application before the end of the present year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar's office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. (6-6) —STONE.
Scrivener: Initiation banquet Saturday, May 27, -at 6:30 at Wheeler's. Initiation at 6:80 in room 2 of the Union. Call 2106
Purdue Engineer: Important meeting of the freshman editorial staff in the office at 4 p. m. Friday, May 26. SQUIRES.
,« ®00» fO*"
Sleek figuring! That’s the Jantzen achievement of ’39 in the creation of the amazing new Glamour Fabrics, Velva-Lure, Satin-Knit and Knit-in Prints. Lastex yam adds the figure-molding magic, with just the correct amount of two-way stretch to hold your figure deftly in youthful lines. Some are light and velvety, some are radiant and lustrous, others are in gay exotic prints. All are a delight to wear, to feel, to see. All fit better than any swim suit you have ever worn.
DECKER’S
Cool Comfort For the warm day to come — buy yourself a supply of smart new sport shirts. We have a special selection in silks, rayons, cotton weaves priced at $1.00 $1 $1.95
BEWENTER'S 416 Main Street Phone 3801
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• iooksferet
"DiAC" Everything for ■ College Educetion H. G. RElSNiR
• jewelers
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAain St.
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This le ell we dei, but we it wee. Oppoelte Poet OMm Wallace Block 322 Hm !
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
• Printing
□
P
RINTING
SUDDEN
SERVICE _
"^Office Siallonery. Wadding InvUatloni
PHONE - Sala. Book,, Etc.;.. 2 62 8 CASSEL'S 408FERRY
Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS for trunks, door tocks, desk iocKs,, night letchet end padleciw. Auto keys a spedsFty. Me^ag, ac<;essorles and rapairmg. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th ». Ptwfie MU
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RlStC—©,®JL
4h and Main
Schuttz SutldirM
Aiofie 5701
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11916 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West/ Stadium Ava.
Play Golf
Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open et— LINEE'S FIELDS Lessons Given — at Reasonable Rates Golf Clubs Repaired • Florists Dorner's Flower Shop {Qualify Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050 ROTH FLORIST 635 AAein Street Phones 7955—8050
i !1
>< '3
'hi f
f • J.
Iff