v\
i, /
> %:■
It/
Yoluioe 52, No, 113
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, Febnicory 14, 1941
Nichols Tonight; Jurgens For Cotillion * Inter fraternity^ Opens j—From All Fronts—. Queen And Court skull And Crescent Signs In Both Union Ballrooms Summary | To Reign m Annual Band For Annual Dance
Of War News
Fraternity men will treat their “valentines” tonight when they dance to the music of Red Nichols and his orchestra at the Interfratemity Ball in both ballrooms of the Union from 9 to 12 o’clock. The backdrop for the dance is a white heart on a red background with the names of the fraternities on a blue
streamer.
Nichols started on his career as a band leader when he was 18 years old and refused an appointment to West Point. He and five other aspiring musicians went to New York and formed the “Five Pennies.”
Musical Family ' Red was raised in a musical family, his father being a professor of music at the University of Utah and his sister a superintendent of music. Red began to play the trumpet when he was 3 years old. He also knows how to choose the members of his band. Some of the musicians who have been graduated from the “Five Pennies” include Benny Goodman, Gene Krupa, Jimmy Dorsey, Artie Shaw, Glen Miller and Jack Teagarden. Records For Practice Nichols uses a recording machine when his orchestra practices. He plays the record back to the band so that they can hear mistakes that have been made. In this way each member of the band is made aware of his own mistakes. Red also uses this method to obtain “balance” with his two male vocalists. Graduate of Culver Nichols, the “Wail of the Winds,” started on his career when he finished Culver Military Academy. In the 16 years since then he has played in all parts of the United States. He agrees that one should join a band and see the world.” a.c.
Frosh Hear Elliott,
Red Nichols
. . . who brings his band here to play for all fraternity men and their dates at the annual Interfraternity Ball in the Union ball-
rooms tonight.
ROTC Officers Receiving Reserve Coifimissions
Fuller Discuss Value Of Campus Activities
Future BMOC’s attending the freshman activities convocation yesterday afternoon heard Robert Fuller, personnel director for the Lafayette plant of the Aluminum Company of America, discuss the relation of campus activities to success in industry. Robert Puller said that employees consider academic work first, as their employees must have a knowledge of their profession. He emphasized strongly that academic work alone produces a one sided individual not wanted by industry. Among qualities most sought for he listed: a willingness to accept the grind because he realizes that he only knows the fundamentals, the ability to get along well with others, acceptance of what others have to offer, the ability to observe and study, and being able to sell one’s self. These qualities, he said, can be acquired through working in activities. Bob Puller, a graduate of the University, was president of the Student Union. President Elliott, also present at the convocation, gave an impromptu speech that showed clearly how highly he valued activity work. The last speaker on the program was Walt Gipe, president of the activities bureau, who explained the mimeographed sheets given to all who attended. He invited all students to enter some activity and suggested that, by proper budgeting of time, most students are well able to take part in activites and still keep up in thqir academic work. Following the speeches, motion pictures of “Purdue in Action” were shown. These films covered University life, activities, and tra ditions. m.1.1.
The United States War Department has announced that all senior members of the University ROTC Corps who are graduated and receive commissions as reserve officers may anticipate^alls-to extended active duty for a twelvemonth period which will begin either immediately upon acceptance of the reserve commission or within 30 or 60 days thereafter if requested. Major J. H. Workman of the University ROTC Corps staff revealed yes-
terday.
These reserve officers will be given the opportunity to express request for deferment of extended active duty in the same manner as has been accorded reserve officers on the War Department’s eligible list in the past. Major Workman said.
Fo Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. British Steamers Sunk Thirteen British steamers, heavily laden with war supplies, have been sunk in the Atlantic by German warships, Berlin reports, calling the action “probably the most successful attack on a convoy in naval history.” London said word had been received of an attack. Franco Confers With Retain Gen. Franco, dictator of Spain, conferred yesterday with Marshal Petain, Prance’s chief of state. It was said Franco’s talk with Mussolini on Wednesday had resulted “in complete identity of views.” Families Evacuate On the advice of military authorities many families are moving out of the Rumanian oil district, it was said in Bucharest. An exodus also is under way from the oil-loading ports. Yugoslav leaders are en route to Berlin for a conference. ^ Mussolini's Deal Mussolini is trying to patch up a deal to permit Graziani’s African army to escape into Tunisia and thence home by way 6f Spanish Morocco, Spain and Prance, William H. Stoneman hears in London. Hilter To Move “It is the accepted view here,” radios A. T. Steele from Singapore, “that Hitler must, and will, make a decisive move soon, and that the Japanese will almost certainly create a parallel diversion in the Pacific.” Britain Repulses The British in Eritrea have encountered strong Italian resistance, which has been repulsed, Cairo reports. They are driving 110 miles toward Cheren, where another force is engaged. The Germans announce their fliers have bombed hangars and encampments in Lib-
ya.
Foreign Assets Freezing “The American administration is on the veirge of ‘freezing in’ foreign assets in this country and thereby -getting a strangehold on the commerce of countries whose foreign policies threaten the U. S. A.,” writes Edgar Ansel Mowrer.
Big Ten TrackMeet The Big Ten track meet, which will be held in the Pieldhouse on March 7 and 8, will have, for the first time, a queen and her court of four attendants reigning over it. She will present the awards to the winners of the various events. The queen will be selected by a committee which has been chosen by Mai Elward, athletic director. Those on the committee are: Ted Axton, Bud Taylor, Bob Donahue, Joe Dolan, A. B. Clark, Bill Kettler, Bob Colquhoun, Harley Wheeler, Rodger Bone, John Davis, Gilbert Kegerrei^, Ralph Heckle, Rusty Layson, Bob Brown, Bob Breeden
and Mai Ross.
Sororities will enter one girl each, the residence halls two girls each, the Purdue Independent Association four girls at large and the Student Co-operative Association two girls at large. The time of the selection will be announced at a later date. m.a.f. YWCA Will Sponsor Second Annual Co-ed Capers On March 15 YWCA is sponsoring Co-ed Capers in which all co-ed groups may compete Saturday, March 15, at 3 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. The program is being given in connection with the Mother and Dads’ week-end at the University. Stunts will be given by the different groups in competing for the Decker trophy given by Decker’s Bookstore. The trophy is awarded annually and the group winning it three consecutive years will keep it permanently. Last year it was won by Delta Gamma sorority. Jane Julin is in charge of Co-ed Capers which was given for the first time last year. Ten cents admission will be charged and the proceeds will be used_ to send University girls to the national YWCA college conference this summer at
Geneva, Wis.
Any number may participate in a stunt, but each act is limited to ten minutes. Groups intending to participate must reply to Jane Julin by next Tuesday, in order to be
eligible. a.c.
Dick Jurgens
'Joes'-Blame The 'Lil Birdies Engiiwcfs As Ensigns;
PliyshoiiWlllBqkM for This Valentine's Day Trouble MustSignUpbAPM
Distribution Wednesday
Mail orders for reserved seats for the Playshop production, “Night Must Fall,” to be given from March 6 to 8, should be in by next Wednesday, William L. Deam, director of the play, said last night. The box office will be open for "direct exchange ^om 9 to 12 o’clock and from 1 to 6 o’clock daily beginning Monday, February 24. Reserved seats may also-be purchased by mail or at the box office for 75 cents. a.e. Bill Martial To Play At First Swing Session Of Semester Bill Martin will swing out from 7 until 8 o’clock tomorrow night at the swing session in- the Union south ballroom. This is the first session of the new semester and will feature a program of the latest in swing and entertainment. It is sponsored by the Student Union and is free to everyone.
Dan Cupid is on the loose again
as University men and co-eds exchange those endearing notes of tender sentimentality more com-
monly referred to as valentines. Where did this valentine idea or-
iginate anyway? What’s the object of sending fancy little cards with little sentimental ditties written on them? Well, this has even stumped the experts, but they’ve advanced
a few theories on the subject. St. Valentine was martyred in
Rome on February 14, but this certainly wouldn’t bring about the custom of exchanging affectionate' epistles. So far as we know, he was definitely not the passionate type,
or the romantic Lochinvar. There seems to be a better theory
in circulation that has to do with birds’ mating. The ancient Europeans had it figured out that on February 14 each year all the little girl birds and all the little boy birds got together to get that way about each other. 'They evidently thought
it was a pretty good idea because the humans started a somewhat'similar affair. All the bachelors and hopeful maids wrote their names on a paper, threw them in the hat and then there was a grand drawing. The lucky person, or unlucky as the case might have been, was somebody’s valentine for the rest of the year. Gifts and special attention were forthcoming for the rest of the year. Lucky girl who drew the banker’s son. Looking over the s^-called valentines it becomies evident that modern kiddies have deviated rather widely in the type of sentiments exchangred. Imagine the passionate lover sending the object of his affection this tender piece of verse, quote: I don’t think I ever told you. Although I’ve often thought it, That when it comes to whatMt takes Well, kiddo—^you ain’t got it.
Announcement was made yesterday by the Skull and Crescent committee in charge that Dick Jurgens and his orchestra have been engaged to play for the annual Sophomore Cotillion here on February 28. Both ballrooms of the Union will be used for dancing from 9 until 1.
- Ticket Sale
Tickets will go on sale for two dollars each in the Uiiion on next Tuesday. Tickets will be sold only to sophomores on Tuesday and Wednesday, and if any tickets are remaining at the end of this time they will be sold to the rest of the student body. Passports must be presented at the time tickets are pur-
chased.
From Aragon Jurgens and his band are coming here directly from the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago. The band is famous for its hit discoveries, danceable tempos and_ the dynamic personality of its leader.' Featured with the band are the instrumentalists, Buddy Moreno, Carl Brandt, Lou Quadling, and Frank Sehrer. Following the grand march. Skull and Crescent pledges for this year will be announced by Jake Davis, chairman of the committee in charge of the dance. a.l.s. Union Plans Weekend With Varied Program To Entertain Parents Mid-Term Folks Day has grown until now the whole week-end of March 16-16 is planned for entertaining the visiting parents. A Union open house wiU start the program with all of the activity offices open and working. Co-ed Capers has been moved up so that now it is scheduled for three o’clock Saturday afternoon. At 1:30 p. m. there will be a bowling match between Doc Miller’s Pill Rollers and another team, as yet unselected. Immediately following the Co-ed Capers a tea dance will be given in the other ballroom. Winding up Saturday will be the Union show, “Harem Scarem and/or The Sultan is a Lady” written, directed and produced by students. Tickets are priced at 15 cents instead of 10 cents as was previously announced. Any profits made on the show will go for the World Student Service Fund, of which Professor L. M. Sears is the faculty representative. Funds in this national organization are used for relief for students abroad, and is promoted by Bob Belcher,- secretary of the Religpous Council, on this campus. The Union show will start at 8 p. m. in the Music Hall. Sunday afternoon a program will be offered in the Music Boom for all those who are interested. It is hoped by the committee in charge, of which Prof. R. Phillips is chairman, that the students will help make a success of this day set aside for both parents to visit Gie campus and be entertained hy asking their parents to be at the University for this wedc-end. The committee wants to make this an annual event and they ask student cooperation.' ^ Ihe cast' of the show wiB be announced sometime nmct we^ m4.f. Cug&ieB. Jackson ... BS ’87, acwpted the positlmi of documents Hlnrariaa at the University of Alabama yesterday* Jadcsott received bis BS d^prea in library science at the Univmsity of' Illinois and since then has been tl^ head of the newspaper diekdom ha’ the library there.
. . . who will leave his regular engagement at the Aragon Ballroom in Chicago to play for Skull and Crescent’s Sophomore Cotillion, February 28.
AWS Holds Second Freshman Meeting Monday Afternoon AWS will sponsor its second ground school meeting Monday at 4 o’clock in its office in the Union. All freshmen women interested in AWS as an activity are invited to attend. Eleanor Fink will be in charge of housing, and Harriette Simons will be in charge of May Day. Paula Zwierlein, president of AWS, urges all freshmen co-eds who are working for positions on the second sen| aster AWS council to have their petitions in to her by this Sunday noon. It is also necessary that each petition, which must be signed by 25 girls, should be accompanied by a picture of the candidate so that identification may be easier for vdters. The election will be held on next Wednesday. Ellen Bassert, who was recently chosen chairman of elections, is in charge. Each girl must have her passport in order to vote,
a.w.
Openings For Jr., Sr.
There are still several openings for junior and senior engineers who wish to apply for an ensign’s commission in the Naval Reserve, according to an announcement received last night from Prof. David L. Arm, acting director of personnel. Applications must be made to the persoUnel office before 4 o’idock
today.
The University has been assigned a quota of 120 seniors and 160 juniors and neither quota has been reached, according to Arm. Under the plan, seniors will be commissioned after their graduation in June, while Juniors will be offered provisional commissions which will become active upon their graduation in June, 1942. A board of review, headed by Dr. 0. Francis Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, will meet Monday to consider the scholastic, extra - curricular andleadership qualifications cf those who have made applications. rji.r.r '’" '. 7 7'.L" ' * ^^. ''/...Vu"’", f ''7.‘'^77 ^"’1 7o flJ^ ‘ "■■ - ^ ‘ ‘- ’ilf’
^oi^lSdiiA
Friday, February 14. 1941
fijuJulusL £xponaHt
Joein’ ^Round
Br Pes Howard Yesstr, fellows, today is Valentine’s Hay, and you’re stuck with it! That is unless you’ve been smart and had your girl wearing blinders and earplugs for the past month. ... If, however, you haven’t been that foareeightedy you’ll have to go through with it, buy a valentine and mark it on your budget as “valentine verses and reverses.” A Line Helps Now, if you’re wondering what kind to buy, just follow one rule. Make it sentimental! It doesn’t matter whether your girl is a shrinking violet at 90 lb. net or a 150 lb. gross amazon, she’ll still enjoy hearing that her eyes are like limpid pools and she’s as beautiful as a flower. Of course, the Valentines with the best “lines” cost the most, but they always say that it pays to buy the best; and after all you are substituting it for your own line which must be worth something or you wouldn’t use it so much. If you really prefer your own poetry then whip up a little verse, but be sure that you’ve taken out your poetic license before you attempt it. Oh, and one more word of advice —^be sure and not send identical valentines to sorority sisters. Amen. And, fellows, when you’re ordering your girl’s corsage for Inter-
ARC
TODAY ThU SATURDAY
— AND —
AI^O-
'WINNERS OF THE WEST'
Fint Chapter
FOR xm mmt UUSB THIS YEAR 5m-
GENE RAYMOND IJACR CARSON • PHILIR IMHUVAIE • UiaiE WATSON OMmtky mam nikhcock *KO RADIO fiCTUll STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Sgi
fraternity tonight, remember that the valentine motif can be easily carried out in flowers. Red Nichols is going to play for the affair and it’s going to be one of the “super” dances of the year. PIA Swings Out Tomorrow afternoon at P I A is holding the first of its popular tea dances in the Union ballrooms. All co-eds will be welcomed with open arms, and any non-member ed can come for one-tenth of a dollah! Tomorrow night, in place of the usual mixer, a special joe dance will be held in the south ballroom of the Union. Joe clothes are to be worn and music by Bill Martin will be featured. Before I close, I just want to say — Happy Valentine’s Day — and don’t blame St. Valentine for this calamity, ’cause according to Webster they don’t even have circumstantial evidence to prove that it was his idea. After all he was a bachelor. Band Will Play Tonight For Monticello Concert The Purdue Symphonic Band will play a concert tonight at 8 o’clock in the Roosevelt High School auditorium at Monticello. The program, sponsored by the Roosevelt senior class, is to include “The Barber of Seville,” by Rossini, “March Slave,” by Tschaikowsky, and selections by Mendelsohn, Strauss, Romberg and others. A cornet tno, “Triplets of the Finest” by Henneberg, is to be featured in the concert as a specialty number, a.l.w.
LUMA TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
Burg Me Not On The lone Pwirie ^
ALSO-
n^GIRI IN THE NEWSwuTrAMs
MAROAnET LOCKWOOD tARRY K. BARNES
MAM Starts TOMORROW
IHE
ONLY THING HIS BULLETS'^ COULDN’T CONQUER
9
•torflHf IDA LUPINO A gim-ffioff wifh a Iwart HUMPHREY BOGART
ALAN CURTIS ARTHUR KENNROT MANLJESUB HENRY BULL HENRY TRAVKRS
- LAST TIMES TODAY TbiB'Sf5®
Fran
PontM Nailoila
• MUM . «LCHR»1
BURKE . MEEK
lORltR mmu »IIM DAREY. If.
Cmala
PIsiyshop ToGive Three Student Plays As Class Projects Playshop Laboratory Theatre will present their second inroduction l^ursday, March 20. At that time three student-produced, student-di-rected plays will be given in Fowler Hall with no admission charged. The three plays are: “Cradle Song,” “The Robbery,” and “M^uriage Proposal.” “Cradle Song” is a project of the Speech 60 class, directed by Ann Pierce. ‘"The Robbery” by Clare Rummer is a comedy with Charles Me3rers, Claudine Chelmaniak, Pauline Martin and Dean Fauber taking the parts of the four characters. A play by Anton Chekhof, “Marriage Proposal,” is the third. Bill Price, Elizabeth Gray and Richard Kohls have the parts in this farce. m.j.f. Snyder Will Address 'Knighting Of Sir Loin' The “Knighting of Sir Loin” pageant and banquet will be held Tuesday night starting at 6 o’clock m room 363 of the Union. Charles E. Snyder, editor of the Chicago Daily Drovers Journal and president of the Saddle and Sirloin Club, has accepted an invitation to speak at the banquet. The cast for the pageant includes V. C. Freeman, coach; J. 0. Dunbar, toastmaster; D. E. Wentzel, king; D. R. Faut, meat carver; J. A. Cooper, M. L. Miers, barons; J. A. Stewart, B. F. Johnson, G. K. Boyd, M. Rensberger, lords; J. 0. Barnett, M. J. Peterson, M. G. Gossard, R. W. Schmidt, butlers; P. E. Hassler, Bulger and R. W. Hardin, announcer. Cosmopolitan Club HoldsForum Today “Nations That Have Changed” is the topic for discussion at the open forum sponsored by the Cosmopolitan Club this afternoon at 4:30 o’clock in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Dara Sekbarn from Turkey, H. H. Ku from China and Ernest Cortissez from Columbia will speak at the forum, comparing the development of Turkey, China and Latin America. The forum is open to the public, i^.m.v.
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
FRONTIER LOVE IN A BOLDER WORLD
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER In a furious fight of the Law against lawlessness .... in a death-dealing struggle of two primitive men, fighting for the love of one woman.
WAGONS WESTWARD WITH CHESTER MORRIS ANITA LOUISE BUCK JONES ONA MUNSON PLUS
Jimsthf JoUl
British Public Finds Fault With Absence
Of Representatives Stuart Chase
By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To ChicaKo Daily News Foreign Service. Coiqrright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. liOndon, Feb. 18^—The growing dissatisfaction with the unrepresentfttive nature of the Parliament has now become a publicly discussed question, following the appointment of Malcolm MacDonald as high commissioner to Canada. The fact that MacDonald and others are still to be allowed to retain their seats in Parliament though away from the country and the fact that there are members whose constituents no longer consider them representative raise the whole question of government and party politics. When Sir Samuel Hoare was appointed ambassador to Spain, Parliament passed a special act allowing him to retain his seat; Sir Stafford Cripps, Labor member apto criticize, there is a ban on making similarly continued to be a member of Parliament. The appointment of MacDonald to Canada brings the list to three members whose absence deprives their constituents of any representative in Parliament. Previous Ban Disregarded Normally, a member of Parliament is not allowed to accept an office of profit under the crown save one of ministerial rank. Recently Col. Walter Eliot was appointed to the post of public relations officer in the War Office, but it was pointed out that his salary was that of a colonel and not of a political appointee. The Parliament had previously exempted members from a previous ban against accepting jobs in the serving forces. Anyway, Eliot is in the country and therefore able to keep in touch with his constituency. Since Winston Churchill took over the prime ministership and formed the national government, there has been a party truce. While those not in the government are perfectly free pointer ambassado to Moscow, it a party issue. No by-elections are fought and a candidate of the same party as the previous member of Parliament is automatically elected when vacancies occur. Solution To Problem Sought Although there is general agreement on the need for unity, it is felt that the appointment of members abroad unfairly deprives their constituencies of representation. Some system might be devised whereby such constituencies appointed temporary members to sit during the regular members’ absence, it is thought. Briefs By Clarence Mudball came in yesterday in a rather pensive mood after having attended several speeches on the campus recently and composed the following: now is the time for each good man to come to the aid of his country now is the time for each good man to come to the aid of his country —mudball.
-TODAY - SATURDAY-
H*’m a amtootUmt
. .T may not have convinced Tuesday night’s convdcation audience of the truth of his answer to the question *‘Where Do We Go From Here ?” but he did stir up the student mind on the
matter of a planned economy.
To a great many of us who have grown up believing in the capitalistic system and have planned our lives on that basis there is indeed a grsat “mental barrier” to the acceptance of his ideas of the economic system of the future. We have been taught that there were always new frontiers for the rugged individualists and that the harder one worked the higher h^ climbed on the ladder of success—^the ladder of material success, but the only ladder we ever heard about. We learned the doctrines of self suflSciency and self denial and were warned that we would have to look out for ourselves because “it’s a cruel world” and every man must fend for himself. “Look at Lincoln,” our teachers said, “Look at Rockefeller and Carnegie and Chrysler. These men rose to the top in spite of adversities. They learned self sufficiency by hard work, individual enter-
prise, and thrift.”
But under Mr. Chase’s economy we must abandon these old ideas of self sufficiency and thrift. He made no comments about individual enterprise but our interpretation of his talk was that the day of the rugged individualist is gone and with the individualist goes his initiative and enterprise. * We appreciate the fact that Mr. Chase was not advocating the adoption of such a system of socialism but that we merely recognize that the forerunners of such a system are here. Fully aware that we are viewing his economic picture through eyes trained to the light of a capitalistic economy we say that if his socialism is here it has a tough row to hoe before it stays. Not the least of its tasks will be to re-educate those of us who learned to provide for ourselves and to save a little for the time when we would be too old to work. Learning to lean on society is a difficult task for a people whose ancestors built this great nation largely through individual enterprise. Outing Club Plans purdue exponent
Meeting Tomorrow All students who wish to participate in a scavenger hunt, which is being planned by the Outing Club, should meet in front of the armory at 4 p. m. tomorrow afternoon. Following the hunt, supper will be served at the WAA cabin. Recreational games will complete the evening’s entertainment. Supper reservations may be had by calling Gail Hennis, 2907, or Marjorie
Ward, 41111.
South of State Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy department, addressed the regular meeting of the Agronomy Club held last Wednesday evening in the Union. Wiancko spoke on the Chilean nitrate industry and presented slides showing where and how the nitrate is produced.
Entered as second class matter at the
post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Oonsress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Octob^ 3, 1917, anthorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during tiie regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carried for 88.09
per year, mall subscription $3.B0.
Editor-in-Chief
Business Manager „
R. W. Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Night Editor: Rose
Night Sports EdiUr: Hiller
Assistants—A. Chatfield, M- L. Losey, J. Ramsdell, A jWickard, C. Pink, J. Wintin, L. Slone, M. Flannagan, B. Poole, M. Boynton, B. Lahr, M. J. Fox, M. Fuller. J. Horr.
W. B. Ward of the horticulture department is in Chicago this week attending a regular conference of representatives from several midwestern states. The purpose of the conference is the promotion of the plan that more food should be produced on the farm.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
literary Contest Winners Announced In Scrivener In the freshman literary contest of the winter issue of Scrivener, Genieve Husted’s “A Child Thinks of God,” won first place. Ardath Pranter’s “Demonstration” won second place and Bette Poole won third with her letter, "With Love from Susie.” All three contributions are printed in the new issue of the
magazine.
Other articles of interest were contributed by A. J, Taggart and Marion Howard, v.m.b. By Lichfy
® J041 Chicago TImep Ii Reg- n s Pul Off All RU Rea
“Oh—just the usual kind of a day—an appendix, a. rheumatism, a gall-stone, a flu, a bronchitis and a dollar!”4 i I,
.A y
I HR !>
PuAduiL ^xfwmmt
Friday. Fabtucay 14, 1941
, ’ ^ A 1^ ^ 441
CiMd Curves (Not Aides) On Sports WerM
0
^ , ame $ elusions
Northwestern Wrestlers Here Riveter Trackmen Tomorrow In Conference Meet As Seen Through
The Co^s' Eyes!!
^ Mary Kay
Wen» «ia Joe, we are taking over yotir column today. We are not going to try to measure up to your output. First we aren’t athletic minded, as^ second our typewriter can’t spell like yours does. d-d— We took a trip around the Fieldhouse. Didn’t know that it had so many things of interest. We always wanted to know where our athletic minded men who don’t play Sweet Shop sports go from four to six every evening, and now we know. We received many side glances from the toaekmen and the football players stopped tackling to watch us go by, hut we were undaunted. We went out there to see what goes on in the Fieldhouse and we did (except they wouldn’t let us go to the pool). —d-d— The diamond men were practicing their pitching (baseball), catching, and batting. After some time spent on these activities, they broke into what looked to us like a modified form of a “South American” rhumba, but it turned out to be some loosening up exercises. —d-d— When we watched the basketball men, we weren’t seen by them, because they keep them peimed in a canvas fioor. Maybe “Piggy” was trying to keep their minds on basketball. . . . —d-d— Swish, what was that? Thought I heard someone yell “track,” that was right. It is a precedent around the Fieldhouse, that wheh a track man comes tearing around and someone is in his path, he yells “Track.” These men were arrayed in various costumes, and doing many types of paces. Some were in a hurry (probably to buy that last minute valentine), others were going at a slight walk, end othm-s just struggling along. —d-d— There goes a little man way up into the air. He isn’t trying to go to heaven on a pole, but just trying to get over that bar, way up in the rafters. He paused, looked at us, and then tore out for the bar, he got over, but the ^bar seemed nervous, anyhow it fell off. —d-d— It may be getting springy out, and our thoughts turned in that direction, but some of our little men, namely the football men have to turn their thoughts past spring, and even summer, to fall, when they will be rolling down the gridiron. They were going through a light practice, minus the broad shoulders. —d-d— We were called back to work, before we had time to make a complete circuit of the Fieldhouse fioor. After spending an hour watching all those little men, we had to tear ourselves away (and let us tell you it was hard to go) and get back to our typewriters. S^ee you again next co-ed edition.
fifteen Report For Baseball Practice. In their cramped quarters in the end of the fieldhouse, the baseball team can be found limbering up mid smoothing out the rough spots under the direction of Coach Fehring and “Pop” Doan. So far there have been fifteen men reporting for bat-
tery practice.
As soon as the basketball season is over, and the floor removed from the fieldhouse, the rest of the team will be called out for practice. Because of their cramped quarters, the team has been limited to getting limbered up and ready for practice to begin in earnest sometime during
March. w.a.f.
Eight Boilermaker matmen are scheduled to meet Northwestern's wrestling team at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon on the floor of the University Fieldhouse, where co-captains John Papurca of Brooklyn and Casey Fredericks of Hammond will lead the fifth meet, and possibly the fourth victory, of the season.
Following tomorrow’s fracas the Riveters will attend three consecutive meets on foreign fields. Northwestern on February Illinois on the 24th, and Indiana on the 26th. Coach Beeck predicts a busy season for his squad from now on, because the increasing rivalry will make the scheduled men fight to keep their places. Harold Montgomery, defeated injthe Cornell College meet when he went out of his own weight class to replace the temporarily ineligible heavyweight Frank Ruggierie, is fast coming up in the 165 pound class. Other upperclassmen who Coach Reeck says are beginning to show promise are Jack Mullendore, Carl Farlow, and Bill Williams in the 145 pound class, and Charles Allmon in the 136 pound
class.
Freshman Mai MacDonald, a product of Tulsa High School, the home of the majority of national collegiate wrestling champions, is one of the finest prospects for next year. Another freshman, Warren Gregory of Southport, met Ohio’s Big Ten champion Montonero in the AAU finals in Chicago, and although defeated, shows prospects of repaying Montonero for his past defeats of Boilermaker Ruggierie. Some other promising freshmen are Roger Claseman, Jim Paratore, Ed Klein, and Mark Matovina. The line-up for tomorrow’s meet is as follows: Casey Fredericks in the 121 pound class, Dan Siekman in the 128 pound class, Jack Foster in the 136 pound class, John Papurca in the 145 pound class, Bob Britt in the 155 pound class, Joe Hlinka in the 165 pound class, Warren Eviston in the 175 pound class, and Prank Ruggierie, heavyweight. BASKETBALL SCHEDULE. Friday, February 14 4:00 Alpha Xi vs Chi Omega North Hall vs Pi Pht 4:45 Wood Hall vs Phi Mu Monday, February 17 4:00 Phi Mu vs Ward 3 Chi Omega vs South Hall 4:45 North Hall vs Ward 2 Wednesday, February 19 4:00 South Hall vs Ward 1 Delta Gamma vs Ward 2 Friday, February 21 4:00 Pi Phi vs Delta Gamma Ward 1 vs Alpha Xi Delta
WAA News Ping pong and shuffle board are held every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are interested in these sports should see Jane Blank, who is the head of these sports, or sign up in the gym at any time.
—waa—
Tumbling is on its way in. Co-eds who are interested need not be experienced in this sport. Come to the gym at four o’clock and bring your friends. Tumbling is fun.
—^waa—
Practices for the Intramural Swimming Meet which will be held Tuesday are still going strong. Houses, halls and wards will be represented in this meet, which will be the biggest WAA has ever had. It’s still not too late to get your swimmers in to vie for your g^roup. The pool is open every afternoon at 4 o’clock for practice swimming. Rifle Club Whips Badgers For 4th Straight Vidory Riveter Riflers outshot the Wisconsin squad Tuesday afternoon for their fourth consecutive win this
season.
Shooting at a possible 2000 mark, the Boilermaker club scored 1857 as compared to the 1810 Badger tally. IM Schedules ALL-CAMPUS SQUASH Friday, February 14 Quarter Finals Clevett vs Allen Fehring vs LaBree BASKETBALL Friday, February 14 Court 1: H. Schwarts 7:00 Wildcats vs Bulldogs 7:16 Eagles vs Boilermakers 8:00 Ward 6 vs Ward 18 8:16 Ward 21 vs Ward 7 Court 2: George Doherty 7:00 Rams vs Hoosiers 7:16 Tigers vs Yanks 8:00 Ward 10 vs Ward 12 8:16 Ward 17 vs Ward 22 Court 8: O. F. Smith 7.00 Panthers 7 16 Ward 80 vs Ward 26
By Barbara Lahr Breaking all regulations and caring nothing for precedents, we entered the Fieldhouse last night amid stares, grins, and whistles, and looked about for Coach Phillips. Dodging footballs and baseballs, from the spring practice sessions, we were just about run down by several trackmen before finding the Riveter mentors headquarters. Millions of little men were running around—^it was all very confusing to say the least. Athletes fully dressed, athletes half-dressed, athletes—all busily engaged in doing what they were supposed to do livened up the interview immensely. It seems that tomorrow Illinois is holding a Relay Carnival, and Purdue along with 40 or 50 other schools is sending representatives. The fifteen Boilermakers who are to make the trip will leave early in the morning and get ready for the meet to be held in the afternoon and evening. This annual meet, which is oflicially the Illinois Relays, will contain also a few individual events, but as the name implies, will consist chiefly of relay events. The Riveters will enter one man, Dave Rankin, in the all-round competition, which IS similar to the decathlon. Because of ineligibility, Carl Holderman will not make the trip this week-end. The men of the cinder trail who will board the bus for the Champaign Armory are Keim, Jentsch, Jarvis, Anthony, Rankin, Banker, Stanley, Grimm, McEachern, Ten Eyck, Kemp, Arnold, Gaulke, McLaughlin, and Lovett. We also found out some flashy dope about the Big Ten Meet, which will be held March 7th and 8th here on our campus. A committee of 22 men will elect a beauty queen to add glamour to the event. We’ll show Indiana and Northwestern especially that we too have beauty on our campus. All at once Coach Phillips disappeared, and after comparing notes we found we had some other questions to ask him. Looking about, we found the headquarters had shifted to the opposite side of the Fieldhouse. We concluded that it was a very confusing place but how much fun it is to be confused! Ui?a um!
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
It's Good—It's Healthy—It's Cheap
So Handy
nm or
BlZAAl
Rememberl YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME XT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD^ • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olgreeri drug stores 410 Main Street
SanHHHni ■liwraiM
Many Other New Spring Formals to Choose from, Prices Start at $7.98
Riveter Cagers Leave For Ohio State; Igney, Blanken improved Dressed in white cotton shorts and knit rayon shirts, theSiK Ten defending champions held their last big practice before the Ohio State game. The team will entrain today at 12:20 for Columbus, Ohio, where they will encounter the Buckeye men. Lon Mann, trainer, gave us the - ■
wonderful news that both Captain Igney and Don Blanken will see action in the game. Blanken has almost completely recovered from his injury and went through a light workout at the practice. Igney had
Boilermaker Tankmen Fare Chicago Saturday Coach Dick Papenguth’s yearlings will face stiff opposition tomorrow afternoon when they clash with Chicago. The Maroon squad, usually a hard team to beat, is no exception this year, as it consists of veterans in their particular fields. A notable exception is sophomore Bill Baugher, star sprintman of the “Windy City” lads. Able to handle himself well in a number of the events, Baugher may prove the mam obstruction to the hopes of a confident, but inexperienced Boilermaker team. The Riveter tankers have improved steadily in speed and form since their last meet, in which they drubbed Fort Wayne YMCA, 66-18, and hope to make Chicago their third straight victim. Barely nipping the Illini this year, 43-41, the Boilermaker mermen are expecting a close but successful meet as they take to their own pool in the Fieldhouse. r.l.m.
the cast removed from his leg, and finding the ligaments in good condition, Hie trainer announced that he will be able to see a little action if needed. Final Wfurhout At the practice last night. Hie entire team spent some time in foul shots, and the fast break on the three to one or two to one ratio. Two teams consisting of Krampe, Conrad, Pauline, Fields and Keiffer; Korschot, Neutzel, Hoffman, Polk, and Adams, went through an extensive scrimmage, with “Pig^” Lambert instructing from aU the side lines. The Boilermakers are at present tied with Minnesota for third place in the Big Ten standing, and if they lose this encounter, they will he going out the back door as far as their chances of retaining the champion-
ship.
When the first whistle blows and our men get set on the floor, the probable line-up will be: if Blanken does not start the game, either Korschot or Neutzel will take the tip-off position, in the forward positions probably Riley, Fields or Conrad and perhaps Igney, if possible; the old standbys Blemker and Caress will be in there in the guard position. With these old regulars and plenty of reserve, the Lambertmen should give the Buckeyes an interesting 40 minutes. m.k.m.
TIS GOOD FOOD!
Vi'
K‘
A variety of dishes served in your favorite style . . . # Coffee Shop # Cafeteria • Chestnut Room • Grill
JhsL fiwubuL, TybmuftiaL lAnJum. The Comer of the Campue^ Yet the Center of AethiHesr1
fijoga fy-^ansuud
Friday, February 14, 1941
fijuxdusL £xpMutM,
WLt VLi^’re We
'eann^
f
By Mary Kay
Tonight, beneath a hoped for moon, the fraternity men and their “one and onlys” will be headed Unionwaj'd to dance to the music of Red Nichols and his “Five Pennies.” "the feminine half of the dancers are going to be favored tonight, ^ with two male songsters doing the honors, and not a gal in sight. —wTw— As it draws nigh to nine, and the formal dinners are Over, you will see Helen Cox in a blue slipper satin, with a sweetheart neckline and a full skirt, on the arm of Mauryi Robertson . . . Peg Davis in blackskirt and gypsy blouse dancing with Ed Ford . . . Alice Newton, in a cherry colored chiffon, with a tight bodice and a full skirt with Miles Goodwin . . . Eleanor Miller will wear gold lame with an accordian pleated skirt when she goes out with William Strong. —^wTw— Mollie Fleager will wear a dubonnet moire with a tight bodice and a full skirt gathered on at the hip, when she steps in with Dick Adams . . . Patty Frederickson in a combination of blue and dubonnet with A1 Graf . . . Laurie Brewer in a ruby rose taffeta with a gored skirt and trimmed in blue velvet will dance with Bob Duncan . . . Jeanette Haynes will wear red taffeta ... —^wTw— Rose Malcome will be attired in pink net . . . Jane Briscoe in ice blue satin . . . Mary Lee in multi colored lavender chiffon . . . Ruth Newton in red and black taffeta . . . Ruth McCoy in red crepe . . . Jean Horr will be neat in white satin . . . Frances Jones in pink satin and net combination . . . Katherine Lang in blue net trimmed in blue lace and silver braid . . . Virginia Barson in red and white taffeta.
Jeannie Bair is wearing aqua taffeta with a tiny packet quilted in gold with Frank Freiherr as her escort . . . Jane Arnold will be wearing yellow chiffon and lace with Bob Von Behron . . . Jane Julin in white taffeta will dance with Bill Keenan . . . Shirley Canning in folly red crepe going with Gordon Mennen . . . Bettie Ann Groves in orchid satin dances with Bud Taylor . . . Frances Thompson will wear a printed skirt, white blouse and a purple jerkin when she arrives with Bill Gourley . . . Virginia Diehl wearing a pink net with lace jacket will be there with Ernie Elkin. —wTw— Mary Henry will be striking in a chartruese taffeta trimmed in gold when she arrives with Bill Hepburn . . . Dottie Miller will be wearing white crepe with Dick Maurer . . . Norman Metzer will escort Lois Hollingsworth in a black dress with gold, red, and green stripes . . . Barbara Fellows wears black velvet when she goes with Bill Hulls . . . Elaine Wellington will thrill Doug McDaniels in her jersey print with the bare midriff . . . Vickie Milea is wearing a robin egg blue creation when she dances with Dick Leukhardt. —wTw— Jane Pavy is wearing a white silk jersey with a turquoise jerken with Jimmie Scheip ... Mary Crane will wear blue net with Red Swartz tonight . . . when Merle Hagemeyer goes out with Ray Hall she will be attired in gray satin . . . Marilyn Fifield is wearing a combination of red and gray for Fred Elley . . . Ban Adkins will make Jim Krug look twice when she comes out in a white taffeta. —wTw— Let’s pray for that moon and soft music.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘I can give you a very choice cabin on this deck!—only two minutes from the sea!
Far Eastern Tension buying
Of Clothing, Food By Rich, Poor Alike
Grows In Antidpafion Of Japanese Thrust By A. T. Steele ' SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Singapore, Feb. 13. — Defense preparations have been sharply accelerated throughout southeastern Asia in anticipation of a real crisis within two months’ time. It is the accepted view here that Hitler must, and will, make a decisive move soon and that the Japanese will almost certainly create a parallel diversion in the Pacific. Nobody here knows what form the Japanese pressure will take. It is taken for granted that they will, sooner or later, extend their political and military spearhead into southern Indo-China and adjacent Thailand. But whether they are ready yet to assume bigger risks is a matter of speculation. Perhaps the Japanese themselves have not made up their minds. Jap Tone Stirs British The British are frankly disquieted by the pugnacious tone of recent Tokyo speeches. In collaboration with the Dutch, they are making ready as rapidly as possible for the
worst.
The flight to Java and Australia of Air Chief Marshal Sir Robert Brooke - Popham, commander in chief of the British Far Eastern forces, is a reminder of the very close liaison established between Malayas, the Netherlands, Indies and Austi'alia. As a result of Sir Robert’s energetic efforts since he assumed his post, this defense line is much stronger today than it was six months ago. The strengthening is attributable to the reinforcement of the weak spots and improved coordination. The augmentation of Malaya’s air force, despite Britain’s heavy requiiements~at home and in Africa, is indicative of the British concern over the electric situation in the Far East. Another sign is the evacuation last week of 300 Japanese women from Singapore, although more than 700,000 Japanese subjects still remain in Malaya. Gov. Sir Shenton Thomas gave voice to the dominant British viewpoint here when he declared in a speech that the war was nearer to these shores than it ever had been before and that within a short time the battle may start that will “decide the fate of Malaya.” Sir Shelton apparently referred to the battle in Europe, but in any case, it is plain that whatever the Japanese moves are they will be closely synchronized with European developments. Club To Sponsor Annual Foreign Student Banquet The Roger Williams Club will sponsor its annual foreign student banquet next Friday, at 6 o’clock at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. Clarence Corn, chairman of the committee, said last night that all foreign students are invited and may obtain tickets from George Black or any other Roger Williams Club member. m.a.f.
By Paul Ghali SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Vichy, Feb. 13—^Vichy is rationing clothes as strictly aS food, and a law published in today’s Official Journal restricts rich and poor alike to the same number of articles of wearing apparel. Until local town halls have issued clothing cards nobody may purchase ready-made cloth garments under penalty of two months in prison and a fine of 2,000 francs. Long queues formed outside Vichy clothing shops all day yesterday. While the regulation is a heavy blow to France’s tradtional elegance, no doubt the ingenious Paris dressmakers will devise a means to keep going by making use of materials containing nfeither wool nor cotton. Chem Staff Write Five Articles For Journal Members of the University chemistry department contributed five of the leading articles for the February issue of Industrial and Engineering Chemistry. This periodical professes the largest circulation of any chemical research publication in the world. “Chlorination” is the subject of four of the articles written by Drs. Hass and McBee, Pearson and Pienfette. One of these articles relates the story of the changing of dichloropentane, an undesirable byproduct, to hexachloroethane, one of the principal constituents of smoke bombs. Drs. Schreve and Burtsfield wrote the article, “Amination of Liquid Ammonia.” d.t.b.
Dancing
Classified Ads
FOB aALB Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.7G to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 6M Main St Phone, 2779.
now Tussy inak««up sensation ManMd for fawrfto nfgM-i^vS oiNowYorii*» yiMMigMl STORK CLUBTussy's neweit lipstick shade, a sensation at debutante parties, smart benefitsi A ridh sophisticated red, superb with clothes in blazing blues, reds, greens, {et black, evening Vfhito, jewel glitter. Sfork Club related make-up in Tussy Lipstick, Cream Rouge, each Si* Compoct Rouge, 55^.
Dean Fisher Will Discuss Relation Of Student, War “Purdue Students In Wartime,” is to be the subject of Dean M. L. Fisher’s talk at the Wesley Forum Sunday evening at 6:80 o’clock at the West Lafayette Church. A question period and discussion will follow. The forum, which meets every Sunday night, is preceded by a half-hour social program. a.l.W.
Electrical Building; IfR, room 121, Electrical Building: S-Z, room 201, Civil Build—KNAPP.
WAA: Meeting Sunday, February 16, at 6 p. m. at the cabin. Th»jHeetlng is compulsory. —LASWBLL.
WSSP Speakers Committee: Meeting Friday, February 14, at 4:1B p. ■». in the Student Senate office in the Union. —BELCHER.
Sophomores and FreMmen: Ceneral Union call-out Saturday, February 15, at 1 p. m. in the Union office. _ _ —HOFFBR.
Notices
Newman Club: Discussion group will meet in room 302 of Union at 7:80 p. m. Wednesday, February 19. Rev. Alexis will speak on Chinese customs. —BUERGLBR.
Scrivener: General staff meeting Saturday, February 16, from 1 to 4 p. m. Following people report: Justin, McPherson, Riegle, Waldhauer, Dray, White, Miller, Dunbar, Graves, Allwardt, Wheets and Reul. —ALEXANDER.
Radio Clnb: Meeting Tuesdcur, February 18, at 7:30 p. m. in room 184 of the Electrical Engineering Building. G. K. Miller will speak on “Radio Receiver Detection.” A new treasurer and secretary will be elected. All members are urged, to be present. Use north door. —FREED.
AIEE Officers: Meeting 4 p. m. Friday, February 14, in reading room of Electrical Engineering Building. > —WISE.
AIEE Officers: Meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, February 14, in the reading room of the Electrical Engineering Building. —WISE.
. . . will be featured at the WAA mixed recreation tonight in the Memorial gymnasium from 7:30 to 10:30. Dancing is a new part of the mixed recreation program. Games will be played from 7:30 to 9:30, the swimming pool will be open from 8:00 to 9:30, and the dancing will be from 9:30 to 10:30. There is a charge of 10 cents for men who wish to go swimming. Everyone is urged to bring sneakers.
Co-ed Riflery: Class practice Feb. 6, 6, 10, 12, 18. Three practices are reauired. CliuB matches Feb. 18 and 20. —BLAGRAVE.
Cosmopolitan Club: Next meeting will be held in lecture room of the Biology Building Friday, February 14, at 4:80 p. m. Nonmembers are invited to attend. —CORTISSOZ.
Reamer Clnb: All members desiring basketball tickets for Northwestern game should leave only coupons with me or in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union by 11 a. m., Monday, February 17. —GRIFFIN.
Purdue Outing Club: Scavenger Hunt and supper Saturday afternoon February 16. Meet in front of armory at 4 p. m. sharp. For supper reservations, phone Marjorie Ward 41111, or Gail Hennis 2907, by Friday evening. All welcome. —PARKER.
Exponent Freshmen Co-eds: Work schedule'is posted in office. Pleasi report on nights assigned. —SIMPSON.
Make-up Examinations in liIE Courses: Make-up examination to remove I and C grades will be given in ME 11, 62 and 63 on Saturday, February 22, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of ME Building. Those intending to take exams notify me before February 18. —AULT.
Reamer Club: All members desiring basketball tickets for the Northwestern game should leave only coupons with me or in PIA box at the east desk of the Union by 11 a. m. Monday, February 17. —GRIFFIN.
Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, February 14, at 4 p. m. in room 68 of the Union. Open to all. —MOFFET.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, February 16, by schools as follows: those whose names begin with—A-E, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 264,
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orders a \ SPECIALTY
BUSTLINE CHARM THRU THE DAY assuredly yours with the
iC
e
BRA WARDROBE Day-Life, Night-L^e, Sports-Life j'ormfiT' S1.2S S2.S0 J/uL J-a&hiotL
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all ni| 2407. , .
Will whoever balled concerning lost Cary Club pin please call again. ^ C. White, 2437. Reward.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Cr Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
• Hardware
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
• Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK « Phone 46214
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Locksmith
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk ^Ks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing.
MULHAUPT'S
209-11 N. 5th St.
Phone 2828