^ fft- 1 ’“ U i ' I f 1 ' i
\ ‘■‘’*‘ '”‘' ''*' ‘' ’ M'i' - ' '"” ''’■' " 'S'* ' ''’ * * ' ' '
V t
Union Will Sell lU Game Tickets For the use of parents only, and so stamped, a block of over 400 tickets for the Indiana-Purdue contest, to be held in Ross-Ade Stadium November 19, will go on sale at a special desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building next Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock. These tickets, which will be sold at the regular price of $3.00, are limited to two to each student. This ticket sale is being sponsored by the University’s Student Union. Barker To Play For PIA Dance The social season for Purdue Independents will open with the fall dance in the Union ball room from 9 until 12 tonight. Paul Barker and his Indianapolis orchestra, will again play for this first PIA event, and any couple presenting a PIA membership card ■^th passports will be admitted. As is customary for this dance, the affair will be informal. Home Ec Co-ed Ranks Increased By ^Men In White ’ ' “Men in White” may soon become familiar figures on the campus, as the enrollment of men in the Home Economics school jumps three hundred per cent. Wilmer Burget, of Chalmers, and James Sheldon, of Crawfordsville, have entered as freshmen, while Harold Hawer, of Indianapolis, returns for his sophomore year. Aiming toward hotel or restaurant careers, these men in caps and aprons may someday replace the traditional slide rule, raincoat-tot-ing engineers, as campus fixtures. Four other men have entered the courses in Applied Designi» along with seven men enrolled in a new course this year entitled “Some Problems in Right Living,” covering problems in child development, home management, and family relationships. Junior Co-ed Forensic Aspirants Will Meet Today Sophomore co-eds interested in trying out for junior Forensic managers will meet in room B of the Union Building at 4 p. m. on Tuesday, October 11. According to Betty Heiner, senior co-ed Forensic manager, the survivors of this competitive activity will manage the Lodde speech contest and the State high school debate conference. The present junior managers are Nancy Phillips and Lucy Demoret.
Late News Bulletin
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY October 7. 1938 Lafayette, Indiana
VoL 50
No. 21
Marcosson, Famous Author, Interviewer, To Speak At First Convocation Tuesday
Isaac Marcosson, brilliant authority on world affairs and well known editor and author, will be the speaker at the first University convocation Tuesday night at 7:30 in the Memorial Gymnasium. Interviewer of perhaps more prominent personages than any other living^ man, Marcosson will tell of his travels and interviews at the lecture. Among the men Marcosson has interviewed are Mussolini, Hindenburg, Ramsay MacDonald, Trotsky, Krueger, Sun Yat Sen, Chang Tso Lin, War Lord of Manchuria, and Lloyd George. He has traveled extensively, writing many books including “The War After War,” “The Rebirth of Russia,” and “Adventures in Interviewing.” Born in Louisville, Ky., Marcosson chose journalism as his career, becoming a reporter on the Louisville Times. Since that time, he has been engaged in writing and traveling about the world, presenting in his articles the colorful, picturesque side of the story. Former Exponent
McCradyToMake Debut Tomorrow Harry McCrady and his orchestra will make their campus debut tomorrow night'when they play for the regular mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom. Before the dance, which will last from nine o’clock until midnight, McCrady will present a “Concert in Rhythm,” a free jam session featuring his new t3q)e of sweet and. rhythmic music, starting at 7:15 V the ballroom. McCrady has played previous engagements at the Indiana Roof, the Indianapolis Athletic Club and the Columbia Club, also in Indianapolis, and at I. U., Illinois, and other university campuses. Russ Mock at the piano will be featured in “Little Rock Getaway,” a keyboard specialty, and the orchestra will introduce Russ’ latest composition, “The Haunted House.” Other distinctive arrangements are built around Russ at the ivories. Bob Reed on the tenor sax, McCrady with his trumpet and featured vocalist, Martha Lommel,
Baseball Results Yankees ! 020 000 022 Cubs 102 000 000 While 44,000 baseball fans filled Wrigley Field, Chicago, yesterday to watch the Yanks down the Chicago Cubs, 6-3 in the second game of the World Series, over 100 local fans filled and overflowed the Men’s Lounge of the Memorial Union Building, listening to the game. Extra chairs had to be brought in from the ballroom before the game was half finished.
Lark-Horovitz Back From European Tour Returning from war jittery Europe, Dr. Lark-Horovitz, physics department head, stated the labor conditions there are not as serious as in the United States, adding that several countries have already come out of the depression. Visiting the Bohr Physics Laboratory in Copenhagen, the Nobel Institute in Stockholm, and the X-Ray Laboratory in Upsala, Sweden, Lark Horovitz was forced to shorten his trip after eight weeks because of the strained international politics prevalent throughout Europe.
Man Named Editor Qoath Mai Elward Predicts Victory As Team
Leaves For Big Ten Gopher Battle Tomorrow
PRAGUE—The government of Jan Syrovy was reported to have asked Premier Musolini to intervene in Berlin and prevent scrapping ot the Munich plan for plebiscites in the part-German districts of Czechoslovakia. BERLIN—Nazi leaders predicted tonight that the scheduled plebiscites in part of Czechoslovakia will undoubtedly be abandoned, and Germany will gain full control of these districts at once. LONDON—The house of commons voted Prime Minister Chamberlain a vote of confidence for his part in the Munich peace conference.
Howard W. Gillespie, of Oxford, former Purdue University student and Exponent staff member while in the University, but who later graduated in journalism from that school in Northwestern University, has been named editor of “Amateur Science,” a newspaper being started for science students and others interested in this field. The office of publication will be in New York City and Gillespie has gone there to assume his duties. Mrs. Gillespie, who is visiting her parents in Oxford, will join her husband in New York in a short time. Since graduating from Northwestern, Gillespie b^s served as the editor of the Oxford Gazette, on the staff of the Indianapolis News, and in publicity work with the American Farm Bureau Federation and the Portland Cement Association. Stident Forum Will Discuss Music Room Sounding the opening guns of a drive to popularize the Memorial Union’s music room, John Richardson and Thais Crepps, Student Union vice-presidents, will lead an open forum this Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Union
Building.
Because of an apparent lack of interest in the music room by University students, this meeting will be conducted mainly by the students themselves, for the purpose of planning various improvements that will tend to increase student interest in the room. Among the subjects to be discussed at the meeting will be use of the Carnegie Grant phonograph, Sunday afternoon programs, and music appreciation programs. At present, the room in which the meeting will be held has not been decided upon. The meeting place will be ^announced in tomorrow’s
Exponent.
“I think I can express the attitude of the entire team with the notice written on the bulletin board of the Fieldhouse. ‘As far as Purdue is concerned the Minnesota powerhouse is just another football team’,” said Lou Brock, fleet halfback ot Pur4ue’s eleven last night as the team started north for “Gopherland.” | Coach Mai Elward added one phrase to Lou’s speech, by saying, “We’ll give them everything we have Saturday, and personally I think it will be just a bit too much.”
Purdue Band Plays
Met in the village by the Purdue band, 300 Boilermaker football fans marched across the levee, up Main street, and down to the Monon station, escorted by the State police. They were met at the station by a hundred other loyal students and townspeople. The co-eds were missing. Too busy with rush, they stayed home to fix for the approaching preference dinners. As time neared to leave the squad sifted to the diner for steak and tea.
Members Speak
Co-captain Paul Humphrey interrupted the band long enough to say that “the team still has the idea to beat the Gophers.” 'Tony Ippolito, diminutive back, promised fans “a lot of Gopher meat,” and Jack Brown, the boy who has already scored three touchdowns for the Boilermakers says they’re “going up there and beat those *8&|( Hectic Rush Period Over; Sorority Rush Chairmen Comment On New Pledges Sorority rush is over! Looking back over that hectic period, rush chairmen agreed that the class of ’42 supplied a goodly amount of personality and beauty. Rush has again been considered a success. The much-feted rushees are now wel-
comed as lowly pledges.
Commenting on formal rush last night were the rush chairmen of the University’s seven Greek letter sororities. Alpha Chi Omega’s Jane Flegg said, “Although I am still not in favor of delayed rush, everything has gone a?ong very* smoothly.” Margaret Jones, Alpha Xi Delta, remarks: “There is a grand bunch of girls going through rush this year. I feel that the sororities have been doing their best to cooperate.” From Beth McCool of the Chi
(Continued on page 2)
Co-eds Attend Preference Dinners At 7 Sororities
'Story Of Ladies'Hali; Third Of Scrapbook Series, On Air Today “The Story of Ladies' Hall,” third in a series of radio dramatizations of Purdue’s traditions, will go on the air this afternoon at 4:30 from station WBAA. This broadcast is part of the “Purdue Scrapbook,” a program presented each week by University students, under the direction of staff announcer Bill Ash. The cast will feature Prof. W. Aitkenhead as “Old Timer” and Clark Langworthy as “Hal.” In the dramatization. Old Timer describes to Hal the history of- Ladies’ Hall, former residence hall for co-eds until its demolition in 1926. One of the first three buildings on the campus. Ladies’ Hall has had many interesting traditions woven about it and its occupants. Co-ed Boarding House Ladies’ Hall served as the “Boarding House” for University co-eds from the time of its erection until after the introduction of sororities to the campus. “Old Timer” will describe the rooms, furniture, and customs that prevailed in Ladies’ Hall. Others in the production cast include J. M. Martin, Joyce Burnham, Ann Pierce, Jane Firbanks, and Helen Hirsh. Frosh To Guzzle Pie'In Fraternity Contest Tomorrow Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternities, will hold their annual freshman pie eating contest tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 in front of the Union Building. The contest which started two years ago, has as its objective the winning of a bronze pie plate with the name of the winning fraternity suspended below it on a small metal plaque. The first year’s battle turned out tie, and Pi Kappa Alpha won the coveted trophy last (year. Rules of the contest for this year’s freshman pledges call for a 50 yard dash from State street to the steps of the Union, the complete consumption of a regular size blackbeiTy pie, and then a return dash to State street. Tryouts in the houses were held last night to determine the six fastest eaters in each house. This contest should provide a very interesting subject for candid camera enthusiasts. s
THE WEATHER
Jean Stolz^ president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, whose rules govern sorority rushing . . . “ ... a very successful rush period.”
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and continued cool today. Tomorrow increasing cloudiness and somewhat warmer, showers in northwest portion.
Tmditionat Formality Marks Rush Climax One hundred thirty-two girls attended preference dinners at the seven national sororities last night, and afterwards signed preference cards at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union. Alpha Chi Omega The motif of the Alpha Chi preference dinner last night was the “Hour in White.” Wrist corsages of gardenias and small, white wooden boxes of spiced bath salts were given as favors. Alpha Xi Delta Alpha Xi rushees were entertained last night at the traditional rose dinner. Decorations were pink and white roses. The favors given tp each rushee were small make-up traveling cases of double blue, the sorority colors. Chi Omega Chi Omega entertained rushees last night with its traditional “Neath Cardinal and Straw” formal preference dinner. Ornamental scarf pins, with the Chi Omega crest were presented as favors. Kappa Alpha Theta 'The ICappa Alpha Theta sorority entertained rushees last night at a formal dinner. Decorations yrere carried out in white, with place cards of white gardenias. Rushees were presented with silver evening bags. Kappa Kappa Gamma Roses were the feature of the preference night dinner at the Kappa Kappa Gamma house. As favors the rushees received lockets. Other details of the dinner were kept secret. Phi Mu A t3q)ical southern style and menu was the f eatme at the Phi Mu house last night. Place cards decorated with cotton pods indicated the seating arrangement. Favors were handkerchiefs, embroidered in difPi Beta Phi Preference dinner at the Pi Phi house last night was served in the southern colonial style. The table decorations were white chrysanthemums and pink roses. All other decorations were of white. The actives wore old colonial dresses in keeping with the original theme, and southern dolls were given for favors. Ag Freshmen To ' Tour Crops Farm Fi*eshmen in the school of agriculture will be guests of the agronomy staff today at 4 o’clock, on a tour of the Wilson Farm. The tour is being made to acquaint incoming freshmen with the work which is being carried on at the Soils and Crops farm and will give them an opportunity to meet the faculty, station and extension men in the agronomy department. Those desiring to go should meet in front of the Agi’iculture Building promptly at 4:00, where cars will be waiting to take them to the farm. At the end of the tour, refreshments will be served by Ceres, agronomy honorary, in cooperation with the agronomy staff.
125 Co-eds Pledge Seven Sororities As Rush Ends
One hundred twenty-five co-eds last night signed cards to pledge the seven national sororities. Between 8:30 and 9:00 rushees and sorority girls in evening clothes caused a complete traffic jam at the east door of the Union. Of the following 125 co-eds 14 pledged Alpha Chi Omega; 14, Alpha Xi Delta; 24, Chi Omega; 27, Kappa Alpha Theta; 23 Kappa Kappa Gamma; 10, Phi Mu; and 13, Pi Beta Phi. Alpha Chi Omega Naomi Abel, Janet Bourne, Vivian
Dickerson, Jean Fickle, Rosemary Fi’y, Barbara Hyman, Ilda Irwin, Patricia Keiser, Barbara E. Lornmen, Gertrude Noble, Helen Ritchey, Bette Smith, Maiy Louise Switzer, Katherine Vernor. Alpha Xi Delta Jane Ellen Blind, Sue Enders, Bernaden Evans, Marie Freeland, Frances L. Jones, Janet Kendall, Kathryn Lang, Mary E. Lee, Helen Ludwig, Dorothy Miller, Ruth Newton, Martha Wattles, Nelda M. Wood, Estelle Young.
Chi Omega Virginia Diehl, Bonnie Swope, Marilyn Huhn, Carol Hayford, Jane Julin, Betsy Palmer, Laura Betty Gregory, Natalie Dennis, Jean Ragsdale, Phyllis Julian, Mary Ellen Scarff, Mary Lou Munning. Janet Morehouse, Edna Mae Lewis, Elaine Wellington, Marguerite Funkhouser, Dorothy Roper, Lela Gabler, June Spry, Betty Jane Woelffle, Joanne Pottei’, Sue Borden, Nancy Pickard, Mary Alice Miller.
Kappa Alpha Theta Barbara Ann Adkins, Marjorie Baldwin, Mary Ellen Baker, Lillian Carpenter, Dorothy Carpenter, Helen Cooper, Thelma Jane Cox, Marietta Darnell, Peg Davis, Mary Pink, Georgia Lou Pleager, Mary Elizabeth Frazee, Eleanor Haase, Meredith Kii’kpatrick, Pat McCorkle. Peg Meagher, Eleanor Miller, Mary Lou Nourse, Corinne Reifers, Donna Siess, Louise Schickler, Peg Sharkey, Mickey Upshur, Betty Voigt, Mm’ilou Wallace, Jane Win-
terrowd, Mary Katherine Kern. Kappa Kappa Gamma Kathryn Ade, Dorothy Andrew, Betty Campbell, Joan Cooper, Betty Cover, Mary Ruth Craig,Mary Amanda Guthrie, Jane Halton, Betty Hancock, Kathryn Howell, Elea..lor Kistler, Helen Ltinge. Joan Paulus, Vivian Petersen, Patricia Potter, Dorothy Quinn, Alice Reed, Virginia Roblees, Virginia Scudder, Virginia Sommer, Mary Spieth, Jane Thomas, Janice Yeo-
Phi Mu Janet Avery, Erma Clark, Betty J. Dunbar, Carolyn Heintz, Patricia A. Kendrick, Jean Ann McClintock, Marian Nau, Patty Roesch, Maryruth Thornburg, Betty Trexler. Pi Beta Phi Marjorie Baumgart, Jane Caldwell, Jean Carrel, Josephine Dennis, Mary Elizabeth Fischer, Mollie Harding, Bonnie Lee Ketcham, Alice Martin, Marianne Nichols, Ruth Powell, Reva L. Richmond, Amelia Rodefeld, Eileen Westover.<ii\ \ s’vw vyaj
^dihiAied
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J-acdtuMA
Friday# October 7# 1938
To The Pledges,.. ... of our seven national sororities this morning we extend our congratulations. You have pledged yourself and your activities to a group which wants you and your activities. Do your best for it. You have passed through a week which has affected all of us, inside and outside sororities Nothing could be done all week without a reminder that sororities were rushing freshmen. If a girl, freshman or upperclassman, were absent from class or activities—^rush was the answer. All other co-ed activities closed for the week Sorority members are sure that the week was hardest on them. From last night on many rushees have been confident that they were most unhappily treated. Hollow eyes, unpleasant scowls, and infinite tiredness are universal among both groups. Most girls who did not go through rush or had no part in it are glad they did not have the worry, the late hours, and the necessary realization that fellow co-eds and even sorority sisters are “catty.” For the non-sorority girl we venture to suggest that this campus of ours is not ruled by the Greeks; they have no advantage over the rest of the campus socially, academically, or in activities. Their strength lies in friendly sisterhood and companionship; and if one does not find herself a member of a group to which she is congenial, it is better to stay out. As a senior sorority member said yesterday, “I can think of nothing worse than to belong to a group which I did not enjoy. There is little reason for the joining of one group, rather than another, aside from the personal affinity of a girl for that group.”—F. S. McK.
the Purdue Exponent
represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pabltshers Representative 420 Madison AVE New York N Y CHICAGO B03T0H LOS ANGELES - SaA FRARCIGCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 8 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October S, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor _ L. S. Har^n City Editor _ D A- Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick K C Houston, R K Insley, W A Elroeplin, D G Temo, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager „ Piocal Advertising Manager — Circulation Manager — — Sales Manager — — National Advertising ManagerAccounts Manager^ _ _ Art Director _ —
Editor
Associate Editors-
M C. Reevea
JS M. Antonini W F Berg
V Daugherty
_ H. W Nevin „ _ W E Smith
D J Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee _ Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor _ _ — R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J A Hebbeler, R, Jenkins, R J Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited, are sinident opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offdal University viewpoint. All unrigmed editorials are written by the editor-in-chief
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Wist Friday, October 7, 1938
^J4iin and By Georgann Schilling
Our plea for a revival of the cunning custom of fraternity serenades has certainly been answered this week Following the Pi Kappa Alpha’s first song treat, the SPE’s ATOs, Phi Gams, DUs, and Sigma Nus have been singing at the various sorority houses during the rush dinners this week The co-eds really enjoy this special attention —H-H— Don Bailey, Ted Cabonargi, Bob McDonald and Hams Stanback left last night for Minnesota to attend the Purdue-Minnesota game on Saturday afternoon The boys plan to amve back m Lafayette sometime Sunday Ted and Hams are from the DU house, Bob is a Beta, and Don IS a West Side lad —H-H— With the team in Minnesota and much interest focused on the game, campus doings go on and on Friday night the Delts are having a haynde Paul Barker will play for the PIA informal dance in the ballroom on the same night The SAEs will enteitam pledges and their dates with an informal dance at the chapter house on Saturday eve ning while the Betas have a hajrride. Harry McCrady’s new campus band will play for the regular mixer at the Union Saturday night —H-H— According to Jerry Ciral, Pi Kap-
pa Alpha social chairman, the Pi KA pledge dance will feature Paul Barker and his band from Indianapolis The dance will be given tomorrow at the chapter house —H-H— More visitors on the campus— the former Ruth Grimm ’37, now Mrs Charles Trees, wife of Sigma Nu Charley Trees, ’37, has been on the campus this week renewing acquaintances at the Chi Omega house and at the Union and Playshop offices Ruth and Charley now live in Indianapolis —H-H— Don’t forget, your plans for sorority and fraternity doings are the kind of news we wish to feature so that the general campus personnel will be acquainted with the doings of Him and Her Aeronautkals Receive Navigation instrudion Ten aeronautical engineers received practical navigating experience during a flight to Logansport last Sunday with Capt L I Aretz, airport operations manager The students were instructed in flying by compass, correcting calculations because of wind velocity, checking of timing at various points on the flight, and other routine navigation problems Those who accompanied Capt Aretz were L M Rothrock, C A Reismg, M. Parson, H G Bowles,
Jack Qumn, M L Basinger, M J. Hinkle, C F Reed, R Glasser, and A L Lutz
Hectic Rush,,. (Continued from page 1)
Omega house “It has been a very successful rush period for us I am pleased with this year’s rush and its results ” “Rush went along beautifully We are very well satisfied,” comments Betty Elstium of Kappa Alpha Theta Helen McQueen, Kappa Kappa Gamma “We feel that the formal rushing period has been a successful one.” Pi Beta Phi’s rush chairman, Ella Lou Sexson adds “There was an unusually large number of good rushees this yeai We are particularly pleased with the results of the past week ”
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED ENROLL Saturday, October 8th BALLET, TAP and BALLROOM Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
nan NOW SHOWING DOUBLE FEATURE
You’ll howl with glee when Skippy and Polly go to town m a free for all battle with a mob of racketeers with no holds barred’
- Plus — • BkEAKNECK ACTION That Gels Away to a Reckless Romance!
REGULAR ADMISSION
Nights and Sundays
25c
Matinees
20c
Children
10c
TODAY
SATURDAY
IT SIZZLES2^’ Ihe grand Stars of "Test
Pilot" in romance, drama, thrills
on land, sea
and air I
Cf^,
0*
LAST DAY-
fv DIXIE DUNBAR WILLIAM LDNDIGAN
CONSTANCE MOORE -5 DAYSStarting SATURDAY
EM.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicKty
THIS COLUMN . . . should really overflow all over the entire paper what with the dirt, oddities m the news, and scandal floating around concerning the latest rat race just passed through by the sorority women But perhaps we should cling to a never-faltering policy of being thoughtful and courteous to others at all times, and delay our choice bits until after the deal IS closed—or until the formal pledging has taken place, anyhow.
TODAY . . . we had hoped to make our column as s'pontaneous as a movie kiss, as fast moving as an Alpha Xi on the track of a man, and as funny as Joe Mihal in tights And it probably would have been too, if I hadn’t spent all yesterday afternoon hunting foi a little fellow who has been missing since the paper-hangers left Still missing, moustache and all TODAY’S POEM Girls who neck and pet and smoke Who like a slightly risque joke. Who handle brandy, Scotch, or gm. Who wear their dresses short and thin Will never see the Pearly Gates (But they’re the girls who get the dates) THE EDITOR . . . . . of the dirt column of the Minnesota Daily writes his stuff op an empty stomach he says We think that’s queer We always write ours on white copy paper—or rather copy it right out of exchange rags onto om official stationery We can’t decide why we struggle on writing it, really The job is just classed as coolie labor We have a column of this kind only because (1) We are unable to get straight news stories 01 (2) we are unable to get news stones straight NOW COMES . . the news that Tinkle-Bell FULLER of the Theta Chi house is trying to pass as a co-ed. He has a Chi 0 recognition pm to wear in
“You know, I’m rather glad the Governor refused my pardonit solves the matter of ending my memoirs.”
his lapel these days But it will be FAMOUS LAST LINE, a little haid to remain in the fra- Maternity is a matter of fact, ternity under the circumstances paternity is a matter of opinion Maybe you should return the lapel
pm, Roy
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY
Today^^-
Saturday
2 FIRST RUM HITS
—ALSO— “Zorro Rides Again'
WE ANNOUNCE
518 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477T ■< /*!,*'''’* V
1
Friday, October 7, 1938
THE PURDUE
^hn^fA ■
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Leave For Minnesota To Face Gophers In Initial Big Ten Game Purdue Victory Hopes Rest On Ability Of Forward Wall To Outcharge Bierman’s First String Line
Determined to upset the grid experts dope on Saturday’s game against Minnesota’s burly title favorites, a hopeful, but hardly optimistic. Boilermaker grid squad entrained for Min-
neapolis last night.
Although Purdue’s main hope of snapping the Gopher’s Big Ten victory string rests upon the speed and deception of a combination running and aerial attack, Coach Mai Elward pointed out that whether the eleven IS able to capitalize on its rather unusual speed will depend upon whether the Boilermakers are able to play on anything approaching even terms with Bierman’s first line of defense. Without the services of Harold Van Every, triple threat ace who was hurt in the Washington game,
STRIKE!! The baseball season is practically over, but they are still rolling "strikes" in the Union Bowling alleys. You will enjoy making "strikes" here, where you will be sure to meet friends. Try a "line" soon. It's good fun and it's good for you. In JhL fiwtdujL TthmwiiaL lAniotL
The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
Dean. Cubs Fall Before Yankees, 6-3
f
i«lder*s.,«. ....choic*
Wisconsin should be added to the ranks of the victims and one out of the Minnesota, Ohio State, Indiana group.
—fc-
By Bruce Witwer
the Gopher aerial attack will be crippled, and the Minnesota team will have to rely almost entirely upon the powerful line smashing of Larry Buhler and Marty Christianson, hard hitting backs. These two backs will probably play Saturday although they were injured in the
Nebraska tilt.
Minnesota, already victorious over the best grid teams that the Pacific coast and the Big Six conference have to offer, must now go out and prove that it is still the best in the Big Ten
We see, according to the Chicago Tribune of yesterday morning, that Purdue is slated to end up about eigh^ in this year’s Big Ten football race . . . we hate to disagree with eminent sport’s authorities, but we’ll venture to say that the Boilermakers will finish up in the first division ... in third or fourth place as a conservative estimate.
Saturday’s football lesults will provide more statistics to work on ... if any readers have any further ideas on this subject, let us have them and we’ll draw up a concensus of public opinion —^fc—
—^fc-
Our opinion is based on the fact that Pm due’s reserve strength is at its peak this year ... in addition to that, the team appears to have a better attitude and a greater desire to win than its predecessors
-fc—
The article went ,on to prophesy that Iowa would be the only Conference team to fall victim to the Boilermakers . . . winning one and losing four was all it would grant Purdue . . . w'e’ll go them some better and say that it will be winning at least three and losing two
IMPROVE YOUR BALLROOM DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS Friday, Oct. 7, 7:00 p. m. ADVANCED TAP CLASS 6:00 p.m. Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores ^
• Florists
"DiAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 mam street
• Shoe Repair
• Jewelers
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This IS all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Beayfy Studio
No Appointment Necessary MERLE GREGORY BEAUTY SHOP ]]6Vz No 3rd St West Side of Square
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Christmas Cards
• Professional
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes for $1 50 Finest Quality Art $3 00 Your name inscribed on each free if desired An Ideal Xmas Gift Order Early NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Tailor
soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
Camnns Winners - - -
Our popularity with you campus men is due to the fact that we know you want comfort, long wear, and prices in tune with a college budget.
Senior Cords $2.98 Moleskin Trousers $3.98 Trench Coats $2.98 Sox 25c Laundry Cases $1.29 Shirts 98c and Up
RELIABLE
224 Main Street
Home Runs By Crosetti, DiMaggio Break Up Pitching Masterpiece In Last Innings
Joe Dimaggio and Frankie Crosetti each slammed out home runs in the last two innings to bring the New York Yankees from behind and give them their second straight World Series victory, 6 to 3 at Wrigley Field in Chicago yesterday. The Cubs outhit the Yankees, but »
Next week we will present the first of our series of biographies of senior footbaU men . . . Paul Humphrey, co-captain and center bulwark, will be the opener for the series.
were unable to get runs across as the New York team pulled two double plays to cut off Chicago scoring threats Gomez Sets Record “Lefty” Gomez, although he left the game for a pinch hitter in the eighth inning, was given credit for the victory and set a new record of six world series triumphs against no defeats. The Cubs were off to a good start as Hack, the lead-off man, dropped a single into left field and scoied the first lun of the game on Maity’s long fly after advancing to third on Demaree’s single. Yanks Score Dimaggio of the Yanks got his first hit of the senes in the second inning, a single. Dean then walked Gehrig, but settled down to retire the next two men. Gordon then hit an easy i oiler, but Jurges and Hack collided m fielding the ball and it went for a double, scoiing Dimaggio and Gehrig In the third inning Hack and Herman singled and then advanced on Demaree’s sacrifice bunt. It was Marty again, and this time he drove a double to deep center, scoring
Hack and Herman and giving the lead back to the Cubs. Homers Count Chicago held the lead until the eighth when a single by Selkirk and a timely homer by Crosetti put the New York club back in front. Joe Dimaggio then put the game on ice in the ninth when he drove a homer over the left field fence, scoring Henrich in front of him.
Intramural Notices
SOFTBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Phi Kappa Sigma vb Theta Xi 2— Theta Chi vs Sigma Alpha Ma. 3— Delta Chi vs Delta Tau Delta. 4— Kappa Delta Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi 7—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa 9—Pi Kappa Alpha vs Tau l^silon Phi 14—Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Delta Theta 16—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Gamma Delta
TENNIS—TODAY—4:15 —^AU-Campus— Deutman vs G. Frye or Brackman Lucht vs F D Maxtin or Vaughan. —Sophomore— Powell vs Hargesheimer —Senior— P Miller vs Monger or Fulwider.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
CIGARETTES - TOBACCO Also Razor Blades, Aspirin, Pencils DAD’S PLACE-So Handy
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
The Newest!
For coeds who want quality— For coeds who look for style— For coeds who look for savings.
Slipon and Coat Sweaters $1.98 & $2.98
Skirts in Plain Colors and Plaids $2.98--$3.98
Wool Sport jackets In Plaids $7.98
TWIN SWEATER SETS Plain Knits—Brushed Wool $1.98 to $5.98
Suede Leather Coats and Vests $3.98 to $7.98
Style Center of Lafayette
113 N. 4th Street
i
mTiatiatJk
Scurrying leaves, nippy fall wind, and the band parading up and down in the bright sunlight. . . . It's football weather again, me hearties, so let's appear in all the gay new fall outfits for the game and the festivities afterward. For new and devastating fall finery, read on!
Elxponent Co>ed Sophomores: No meeting Friday, October 7, as announced. The meeting has been changed to Monday, October 10, at 6:30 p. m. at 229 Fowler street. —McKEE. Juniors: Following men have been selected for forensic positions: Kellner, Swander, Hitchcock, Copeland, Hansen, and Mulholland. —CARR. Cosmopolitan Club: Important business meeting Friday, October 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. New members will be pledged. —AYASUM.
FOR REtlT—Extra nice single room. 100 Sylvia street. Phone 76262.
FOR RENT—Room for three students. Kitchen privileges. $8.60 each. 601 Evergreen street.
CALLING ALL FRATERNmES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—^we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. Yon make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail Phene 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Intramural Managers: See me at 781 Russell street or phone 2424 for important information. —FLANAGAN.
FOR SALE—A portable Underwood typewriter. Brand new. A bargain if sold at pnce. Gale Smith, Fowler, Indiana.
Friday, October 7, 1938 Co-eds Attend Dessert Party x Fifty unorganified co-eds attended, the PIA Dessert Party in the reception room of the Union last evening. Before refreshment time the guests played bingo and other like games.
Wesley Foundation: Wesley Foundation will have a folk games party on Friday evening, October 7, at the church from 7:30 to 9 p. m. All students welcome. —McFADDEN.
Don the specs 'cause here we come in our brand-new strapless formal from THE FASHION! Our favorite is satin with a swishy skirt, but there are lots of others in all the newest shades and the snazziest fabrics, from clinging crepes to rustling taf[f e t a s — a n d I here's the best •news yet—you can be demure in velvet or a siren in lame for as low as $12.95—nofoolin'! Betterhurry down now to THE FASHION, on Fourth street, south of the courthouse, to get the pick of the lot!
course, ^iven by Mr. Long of Indianapolis, who makes a special trip to the KIENLY IBEAUTY STUDIO, 662 Main street, every Tuesday just to make us beautiful Better call 7727 for an appointment now because he's a very popular person—and don't forget KIENLY'S co-ed days on Thursday and Friday, for then we gals get a scalp massage, shampoo, and a very ultra finger wave for just 50c.
match, but us, we couldn't decide between a pale blue angora sweater with tiny pearl buttons, and a darling dirndl jumper, so we took both! There's a wonderful collection of evening sweaters, too with little buttons and hand-crocheted touches in the same price range.
Military Seniors: Seniors who applied for assignment to battery athletic officer contact Captain Beckley at the Armory, telephone 2631 or 6902, prior to your next corps day. (10-7) —BECKLEY,
Fraternity Presidents: Please send checks payable to the Gimlet Club for Intra-Squad football game to R. S. Harper at the Alpha Gamma Rho fraternity. —HARPER.
Triton Club: Call-out meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 11 at 4 p. m. —JORGESON.
Swing your partner—and you'1'1 be proud to show your twinkling toes in a pair of CARL'S evening slippers! All the newest styles, including platform soles, slender graceLul spike heels or those oh, so comfortable flats in satin, gold or silver kid. Us, we fell for a pair of satin ones with a cute bow effect over the vamp for only $1.99! And CARL'S dyed 'em a gorgeous shade of red for nothing! Better hurry down, as you're bound to need a pair, what with all these formal dances coming!
What's the difference between a straggly mop and sleek coiffure? The .correct haircut, of
Brrr! Why sit around at the game envying your lucky friends in their' warm fuzzy angora socks when you can knit,< up a pair in^ no time? It's really easy and loads of fun, so drop in down at the HOBBY SHOP, 626 Columbia street, and they'll show you just how to purl every stitch! Lots of melting shades in soft angoras and shetlands for the smoothest of sweaters, too, and think of the money you'll save by making your own! Sweaters and skirts—skirts and sweaters, and how we love 'em! ALAN'S, corner Fourth and Main streets, II has the larg- ^ est collection ^^of perfection ^Pin town for ^|konly $1.98 iHto $3.9 8 ! Our roommate chose a dusty pink outfit with skirt and sweater dyed to
Solved! The problem of what to wear on those drizzly fall days when a slicker feels as clammy a wet seal! .STEIGER'S, 530 [Main street, 1 has the answer, and it's our brand new favorite, the reversible raincoat in all the new fall shades with cotton gabardine on the other side! $12.95 is the price, and don't forget to divide it by two, because you're getting two coats in one!
WSGA Freshmen Petitions: All petitions for freshman representative on the 'WSGA executive Board must be in the WSGA office by noon Monday, October 10. —MERRIELL.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Sniiplles. C. F. Ebenhoff, 606 Main street.
Don't tell a soul, but we really didn't take a trip out West last summer! We're just fooling our public with one of \ those absolutely genuine Indian turquoise and silver \i rings purchased'JPlH V down at EISENBACH'S JEWELRY, STORE on Main street, two doors east of Fifth street. They have bracelets to match too, with all kinds of native looking arrowheads and figures on them, and here comes the best part of ail —these lovelies are yours for one or two dollars a piece!
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—B6 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
CALL 7828 and order economy toilet roll $4.60.
case of 326—
Lafayette, Ind.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main St.
Ladies
Full Fashioned
Hosiery
2 pr.
79c pr. $1.50
Here is one of the finest values we have ever been able to offer our customers in hosiery at this price. CHIFFON All are perfect quality, pure silk, French heel and reinforced toe. SERVICE Pure silk, French heel, reinforced toe and foot, lisle welt, all perfect quality.
COLORS Americana, Sunni Sand, Cruise Tan, Golden Glow, Mist Beige, Cloud.
\ i’l T
V if
'ti
Y
Riding Club: All girls who are to participate in the parade and roundup on Sunday must meet in the Student Union office Friday, October 7. —COOPER.
Purdue Engineer: The following men are to report to Hart or Squires Friday, October 7, in the Engineer office at 4 p. m.: Horth, Lawler, Anderson, Denlinger, Adams, and Botsford. —RICE.
Engineering Lectures: Freshmen Engineers meet Saturday, October 8, at 8 a. m. by divisions as follows : • Division A—Civil
Engineering Building ; Division B—Michael Golden Shops : Division C—-Electrical Engineering Building ; and Division D—Eliza Fowler Hall. Seat assignments are posted in Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP. Newman Club: Breakfast Sunday, October 9, at St. Mary’s Hall after 9 :30 mass. —KASSER. Union Sophomores: Will our committees please meet in the workshop any time after .3 o’clock Friday, October 7. —COOPER, HRUBY, DeMARS, WILLIAMSON. PIA Orchestra: No rehearsal Friday evening. Rehearsal Saturday, October 8, in tower room of the Union. —SHINN. Camera Club: Membership cards will be ready for distribution at the Union office after 5 o’clock Friday, October 7. —DERNER.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Annual fall roundup at Camp TecumseK. Transportation and eats, 25c. Meet at 117 Main, West Lafayette, at 1:30 p. m. Saturday,October 8. —BRAND.
PIA Membership Salesmen: Turn in your books and money to me in the PIA office between 3 :00 o’clock and 6 :00 o’clock Friday, October 7. All books must be in. —JENKINS.
AIChE: All members who have Chem Met. subscriptions and have not received their flow sheets,- should call Jacobi at 7026 before Saturday, October 8. —JACOBI. WAA Cabin Leadership Course: All those interested must go to the cabin Saturday afternoon, October 8, Meet at women’s gym at 1:30. —BLANK.
Formals and Tux Street Clothes and School Clothes EACH Receives Proper Care When We Dry Clean It
fME ^AMIRICAN’’ LAUNDRY .and. CLEAllSliG, ca
AMERICAN LAUNDRY
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris"^ pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 7 8:00—Glober, D. W. 8:05—Graves, W. 8:10—Geenis, J. W. 8:1 5—Hall, Jane 8:20—Harris, Mary 8:25—Hamilton, W. P. 8:30—Harper, C. 8:35—Harrison,F. B. 8:40—Hartman, E. E. 8:45—Harvey, R. C. 8:50—Herman, D. 8:55—Hardin, L. S. 9:00—Goshorn, J. D. 9:05—Harris, M. 9:10—Harvey, D. C. 9:15—Hennin, P. F. 9:20—Herr, D. W. 9:25—Hill,R. M. 9:30—Hill, V. L. / 9:35—Holmes, L. B. 9:40—Holmes, V. E. 9:45—Jackson, R. R. 9:50—Johnson, P.E. 9:55—Johnston, W. W. 10:00—Glazebrook, L. B. 10:05—Gutting, S. H. 10:10—Hambidge, T. C. 10:15—Hearn, R. W. 10:20—Heid, L. V. 10:25—Heiss, S. J. 10:30—Henry, D. L. 10:35—Herd, H. 10:40-—Hofmann, C. E. 10:45—Hopkins, J. R. 10:50—Hall, C. N.
10:55—Gross, E. C. 1 1 :00—Hamilrton, C. W. 1 1 :05—Harper, R. L. 1 1 :10—Heine, R. P. 1 1 :15—Horn, F. C. 1 1 :20—Hostetler, W. L. 1 1 :25—Houghton, H. N. 1 1 :30—Howkinson, D. O. 1 1 :35—Hughes, M. M. 1 1 :40—Hurdeman, M. H. 1 1 :45—Husted, R. S. 1 1 :50—Ingleman, M. H. 1 1 :55—Jackson, C. H. 1 :00—Hamerstadt, J. R. 1 :05—Hammond, J. W. 1 :10—Hannas, R. R. 1 :15—Harnett, J. D. 1 :20—Hawes, H. 1 :25—Helton, H. T. 1:30—Hensler, R. R. 1 :35—Hess, J. E. 1 :40—Hookanson, K. G. 1 :45—Horner, R. L. 1 :50—Horton, P. Z. 1 :55—Housekeeper, R. N. 2:00—Howard R. R. 2:05—Hrast, A. A. 2:10—Hutt, D.O. 2:15—Humphrey, P. E. 2:20—Hutzler, J. C. 2:25—Ippolito, A. S. 2:30—Johansson, A. V. 2:35—Jones, M. W. 2:40—Juillard, L S. 2:45—-Juska, A. M. 2:50—Juve, R. D. 2:55—Hufford, J. A.
3:00—Johnson, H. C. 3:05—Kammerling, J. 3:10—Kasser 3:15—Keck, L. E. 3:20—Kelley, E. J. 3:25—Kellner 3:30—Kendall, E. A. 3:35—Kerwin, S. E. 3:40—Kessie, M. K. 3:45—Kessler, W. C. 3:50—Kimmel, K. L. 3:55—Kirkpatrick, J. K. 4:00—Kittner, J. W. 4:05—Ashton, J. W. 4:10—Brubeck, D. L. 4:15—Crepps, Thais 4:20—Cooper, P. T. 4:25—DeMars, R. B. 4:30—Hruby, V. M. 4:35—Kany, R. C. 4:40’—McClelland, Mary 4:45-—-Morrison, L. E. 4:50—Richardson, J. A. 4:55—Schickler, Louise SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8 8:00—Fredickson, Charlotte 8:05—Glazner, Eloise 8:10—Glunt, Marga 8:1 5—Hague, Mary 8:20—Gulchi, W. E. 8:25—Hackney, E. W. 8:30—Hall, J. G. 8:35—Hickman, F. J. 8:40—Hichert, R. K. 8:45—Hoffman, C. E. 8:50—Hoffman, C. F.
8:55—Horton, J. H. 9:00—Hutchens, G. V. 9:05—Himes, R. 9:10—Jacks, R. H. 9:1 5—Jarvis, J. 9:20—Johnson, R. 9:25—Jones, D. G. 9:30—Jordan, E. C. 9:35—Karnowsky, M. M. 9:40—Kesser, J. E. 9:45—Kimeeza, N. S. 9:50—Eviston, Wilma 10:00—Gran, Margaret 10:05—Harry, Louise 10:10—Herman, Edith M. 10:15—Hiner, Elizabeth 10:20—Hippensteel, Edith N. 10:25—Hixon, Betty 10:30—Huber, Georganna 10:35—Hudson, Mary 10:40—Hunt, Mary Jane 10:45—Hunter, Elizabeth 10:50—Haller, J.T. 10:55—Hammer, j. E. 1 1 :00—Hutchinson, L. H. 1 1 :05—Jacobi, J. H. 1 1 :10—^Jaquess, R. C. 11:15—Johnson, J. 1 1 :20—Kantz, R. J. 1 1 :25—Keck, J. R. I 1 :30—Kessler, C. M, II :35—Kinzer, H. D. 1 1 :40—Kirlin, J. A. 1 1 :45—Kline, J. H. 1 1 :50—Knaus, H. R. 1 1 -55-—Cleveland, Jerry