1 ■ ^
Puriiuc ^xaantnt
I'?
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, P^BRUARY, 26,1937
KUMBER
Two Slkows Scheduled For “Castles In The Air” Increased Interest In Musical Drama Makes Matinee Performance Necessary In view of the large attendance that is anticipated for the Union Show, “Castles In The Air,’' a matinee performance will be given in addition to the evening show, it was announced by Union officials last night. It was believed that the large audisnce that is expected could not be accommodated in one per-
formance.
The prices of admission for the matinee have been set at 50 cents for the boxes and the front of the main floor, and 35 cents for the seats in the mezzanine, balcony, and the rear of the main floor. Prices will be slightly higher for the evening performance. Boxes and main floor seats^ will sell for 75 cents while seats’ in the mezzanine and the rear of the main floor will cost 50 cents; balcony seats will sell for 35 cents. All seats for both performances will be reserved. Fraternity Sections Requests for seat reservations will be mailed to fraternities, sororities, Cary Hall, and the Women’s Residence Hall. These are to be filled out and returned, thereby making possible to seat these various groups by sections if they so desire. Reservations may be applied for at the Union Desk, Southworth’s, Deac’s, McLean’s Music Store, and Kienly’s Drug Store. Requests for reservations must be mailed to the Purdue Student Union Box Office in care of the Mars Theatre, Lafayette. Money or checks will not be accepted with the requests for reservations but must be paid when the tickets are called for. Tickets may be called for at the Union East desk or at the Mars Theatre on March 4, or two days after a late request has been placed.
February 26, 1937
SHE DUPES TO CONQUER A Playlet In Three Acts ACT I. Scene 1: Time: Monday night. Place: Davenport in a dark corner. Characters: Molly and Cal. (Scene opens with Molly in Cal’s lap, her arms about his neck). Molly: (ecstatically) Ooooh, Cal! Cal: (doesn’t say ansrthing). Molly: Ca-a-al, have you ever loved anyone else? Cal: booh, Molly! Gee—I—I’ve never felt like this before. Molly: (tremor in voice) Cal, sometimes when I think you might be out with other girls, I—I become frightened. Don’t ever go with another girl. Cal. If you ever do, I— I—oh. Cal—I don’t-know what I’d do. Cal: (holds her closer) There’ll never be anyone else, Molly! Molly: Oh, Cal! Cal: Oh, Molly! (They kiss. Molly clamps arms around his neck and hangs on until the grandfather’s clock in the corner collapses in a dead faint). Scenes 2, 3, 4, and 5 are the same, except that the time is Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday night; and the name of Cal is replaced by Bill, Henry, Jim, and Joe. ACT II Scene 1: Time: Just before the Spring Vacation. Place: Molly’s study. Molly is sitting at her desk, reads aloud letter she is writing. Molly: Dearest Karl—In just a few days I shall be home again— and in your strong arms. How I’ve ^missed you! Love me, Karl, and never think of another. You’ll never know how true I’ve been.. AH my love is for you . . . Your own, Molly. (She also writes identical letters to Tom, Dick, Harry, and Frank). Scenes 2, 3, 4, and 5 are unnecessary and therefore omitted. < ACT III (What do you expect in a short space like this?)
Frosh Elect Schickler,
Masters To WSGA Posts Betty Masters and Louise Schickler were elected to represent the freshman class on the W. S. G. A. executive board yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the
Memorial Union Building.
Students Voice Election Opinions By G. Mueller and R. K Insley Choosing at random the names of students from the Student Directory, in order to obtain unbiased opinions of student reaction to the Prom and Gala Week elections, the following quotations were obtained: Louise Smith, The Barracks, sophomore home ec student, said, “We can’t all win. J. R. Bowen, A. T. O., sophomore forestry student, said, “It turned out just as it should have . . . swell campaigning, although last year’s election was more lively because open campaigning was forbidden.” Eugena Keller, independent, senior pharmacist, said, “I didn’t vote. . . . I don’t believe I have any comment to make.” R. M. Stehman, independent freshman ag, said, “I guess it was satisfactory.” Martha Whitehead, independent sophomore home ec, said, “I think it was fine. ... If I was a junior, I would have voted the Natural ticket.” P. W. Homrighous, Acacia, sophomore E. E., said, “The best campaigners won.” The student body has spoken . . . let next year’s campaign and polling be as clean as possible.
Zouaves To Perform At Military Carnival One of the main attractions of this year’s Military Carnival, to be held Wednesday, March 17, is the precision drill being presented by the Purdue Order of Zouaves. This organization was formed on the campus several years ago by Lt. F. A. Henning, formerly an instructor in the Military Department. The squad was formed of men with an interest in military drill. The organization proved a success and made its first important performance at the military carnival of 1^29. Within the last few years the squad has made several trips to many important midwest colleges including Ohio State and Indiana universities and the University of Kentucky.
St. John’s Church Choir To Present Cantata Choir boys and men of St. John’s Church will present a cantata Sunday morning, February 28, at 10:45 o’clock under the direction of H. I. Metzger, organist and choir director. The cantata is entitled, “Penitence, Pardon, and Peace,” and was written by Manunder.
By The Roving Reporter Electioneers yesterday reported the astounding discovery that there is a junior in the University who has never been inside the Memorial Union Building—much less the Sweet Shop. Still more unbelievable is the fact that this student has attended the University for three years. Still another Junior was found who didn’t know there was an election until the vote-getters called for him.
Marshall To Attend Conference Meeting Prof. William Marshall, head of the mathematics department, will attend a meeting of the committee on officials of the Western Conference Saturday in Chicago., Prof. Marshall heads the University’s faculty committee on athletics.
The United States forest service says fires this year burned over 40 million acres—an area greater th^n the whole state of Florida.
Educator To Talk At Convo Dr. Paul Dengler Will Lecture Monday And Tuesday Nights As an added feature of the convocation series. Dr. Paul L. Dengler, director of the Austro-Ameri-can Institute of Education, Vienna, will present two lectures on the present European situation, in Eliza Fowler Hall on Monday and Tuesday evenings of next week. In his opening lecture on Monday evening. Dr. Dengler, who is making his eighth American lecture tour, will discuss “Education In Europe,” while Tuesday night, by special request, he has chosen as his subject “Danger Zones In Central Europe.” Reputation Dr. Dengler, who has an international reputation as a student of political and economic situations in Central Europe, has appeared almost everywhere in the United States on tours sponsored by the Institute of International Educa tion. He has served as visiting Carnegie Professor at the Universities of Colorado, Kansas, Indiana, and Iowa. He has also been a member of the summer school faculties at the University of California and University of Denver.
Cooley, Lowman Win SDX Awards At a meeting of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic\fraternity, held last night, Mary Cooley, sophomore co-ed of the Exponent staff, was presented with an anthology of English and American poetry by W. T. Hunt for writing the best article or story in any campus publication during the month of December. Miss Cooley, who is the first woman to win the award, was given the prize for her feature that was written about a Yugoslavian student. Other Awards Following this, E. K. Jones, of the Purdue Engineer, presented D. E. Lowman with H. G. Wells’, “Experiment In Autobiography,” for writing the best article during the month of January. Lowman’s winning article concerning airplane motor testing appeared in the Purdue . Engineer. The remainder of the meeting was devoted to a talk by Glenn Sample, assistant University publicity director, in which he discussed the part newspapers play in serving and tying together farm and industry, and also the part that the University is playing in this field.
Sultan
Andy Kirk, the “Sultan Of Syncopation,” and his famous swing band will play for tomorrow night’s
mixer.
P.LA. Will Sponsor Mixed Volleyball Cooperating with the Purdue Sportswomen, P. I. A. is sponsoring a volley ball conjtest between mixed teams as a part of the program of their mixed recreation night to be held tonight at 7:30 in the Women’s Gymnasium. All eds and co-eds interested in playing should call the P. I. A. office by Friday afternoon. The teams have no^ yet been selected, and R. H. Schlundt, P. I. A. social chairman, qyges that every Independent submit his name. Couples are welcome to come to the Gymnasium and may play any of the games that are offered.
Ceres Will Present Awards Tonight Ceres, agricultural honorary, will hold its first open meeting of the semester at 7:30 tonight in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. At this time the awards for the winners of the Ceres essay contest will be given. The winner of the freshman group will have his name placed on the Ceres essay cup, while the winner in the upperclassmen’s division will have his name engraved on the Dickenson Seed Company cup. Medals will also be awarded to the other winners. Following the distribution of the awards Professor M. O. Pence, agricultural extension worker in agronomy, will speak on “Better Pas-
tures.”
The meeting will be over in time for all who wish to attend the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance.
Grads Write For Engineer Contributions from Purdue graduates now engaged in civil engineering work are the headline articles in the February issue of the Purdue Engineer. W. P. Kinneman, C. E. ’24, design engineer for the Raymond Concrete Pile Company, writes on “Pile Foundations.” C. E. Vogelgesang, C. E, ’20, now engineer of plans for the Indiana state highway commission, contributes an article on “Safe Highways.” “Education,” by Eugene Grace, president of the Bethlehem Steel Corporation, included as a feature editorial. Last month’s issue of the Engineer was given an “A” rating by the Engineering College Magazine Association despite the fact 'that the publication is not subsidized by the University as are many college engineering periodicals.
Cosmopolitan Club Will Attend Party Members of the Cosmopolitan Club have bden invited by A. F. Futoohee, president, to a party tonight at the American Commons Club hou^e. Games and dancing will continue from 8:30 to 12.
MERIT SCHOLARSHIP HOLDERS
Special merit scholarship holders may receive refunds on deposits made last fall by presenting receipts given last fall in the cashier’s office of the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE. ,
Tower Theater Plans Three Play Program Three plays planned for production by the Tower Theater the week before spring vacation were announced last night by H. Kenn Carmichael, of the speech department. “Shadow House” by Gilbert Dunbar Williams, technical director for the Purdue Playshop, will be the 'first production. The prize winner of the recent P. I. A. play contest, “Experiment,” by Art Radkey will be the second. Grant Wood’s drama, “They That Mourn” was selected .also. One performance will be given especially for the drama section of the Purdue Women’s Club.
YWCA Sets Mar. 1 Deadline For Dues Members of the Y. W. C. A. must pay their membership dues, of one dollar not later than March 1 in order to retain the privilege pf voting at elections next spring. This ruling was made at a regular meetr ing of the Y. W. C, A. cabinet yes-terday,-and applies to those girls who signed membership cards last fall but failed to pay dues. Applications for Y. W. C. A. cabinet positions ai’e acceptable ' now and will remain so until spring vacation, These petitions, which must be signed by the applicant, may be left in, the Y. W. C. A. office or given to Pat Jones, Y, W. C. A. president.
Straight Natural Ticket Wins; Graham Named Prom Leader; Black Will H ead Gala Week
Juniors Cast Record Vote
In Hotly Contested Election T. W. Graham, Alpha Gamma Rho, was named chairman of the 1937 Junior Prom committee following the first open cam-
paign election in the history of the University.
With 75 percent of the Junior class casting a total of 623 votes, the Natural Party elected its entire ticket for the Prom
committee. The other members chosen were: W. F. Bailey, Sigma Nu; R. G. DeLong, Kappa Sigma; C. D. Ehinger, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; G. E. Goory, Independent; Mary Jean Light, Pi Beta Phi; and J. R. Mur-
!ray, Triangle.
Gala Week
D. E. Black, Pi Kappa Phi, was selected to head the Gala Week committee. 207 seniors cast their votes with the committee resulting thusly: June G. Lippert, Independent; A. D. Lutgens, Kappa Delta Rho; J. C. Ohaver, Beta Theta Pi; C. D. Smith, Independent; D. F. Williams, Phi Delta Theta. Evidences of the lively competition in this open campTaigning were manifested by walking signboards political rallies, and parades. Eager campaigners chauffered their constituents to the polls. Colorful tags adorned the lapels and coat-buttons of many of the voters.
Committees
At a meeting of the “Naturals” last night, the following committees were named: tickets, Ehinger and Murray; publicity and decorations, Bailey; booths, Goory; programs and flowers, Mary Jean Light; and banquet, DeLong. In behalf of the committee, chairman Graham issued the following
statement:
“We, of the Natural Party, wish to express our heartfelt thanks to the students for their expression of confidence in us. .We will do our utmost to give to Purdue a Prom that will be long remembered as the last word in dances.”
Women’s Pan Begins Tonight At 9 O’clock Co-eds May Obtain Programs In the Union Between 4 And 5:30 p. m. Members of Greek sororities and their dates are due to pack the Memorial Union Building ballroom tonight to dance to the swinging of Jinuny Garrett and his band at the annual Pan-Hellenic dance that will last from 9 to 1 o’clock. Co-eds may secure their programs at the PanHellenic desk in the Union lobby this afternoon from 4 until 5:30 by the presentation of their tickets. One o’clock is the deadline for the house representatives to turn in the tickets and money at the Union
desk.
No one will be admitted unless they are organized, and those who do not have their tickets may purchase them for $2.00 at the door.
Modernistic Cabs Placed In Service By W. M. Anthony Two new cabs of the Yellow Cab Company made their appearance in the city over the week-end. The Auburn cream-colored cars arrived at 6 p. m. Friday and were immediately put into service to replace the older Ford cabs. In high ratio, the new cars have a maximum, which will be used in town, is 66 miles per hour. They are equipped with a radio operated from the rear seat, a heater, dome light which is turned on as the door is opened, and have the driver’s compartment separated from the rear seat by a sliding glass partition. The outer appearance of the cabs is in the modem style, streamlined, with white lights gleaming on the light-colored body both in front and
in the rear.
Now Wes Dwight can ride in a GOOD Auburn automobile!
If you can wiggle your ears, you have a little of the a|>e-man in you, says Professor Hunt at Michigan State College. Pre-historic man had to wiggle his ears to sharpen his sense of hearing. Muscles employed in this action are defkdte inheritance from him.
Poor Spelling May Be A Sign Of Intelligence Kansas City, Kan.— (ACP) — Don’t feel disturbed if you can*fe spell simple words like .“cat” or “philoprogentitiveness.” tt may be a sign of intelligence. This is an idea attributed to Dr. J. Duncan Spaeth, president of the University of Kansas City. Papers of our greatest statesmen and politicians show that correct spelling is not an essential to success, he states. Many authors and journalists can’t speH. A star-reporter of the New Ywk Sun once spelled “stork** four different ways in one story.
Unsettled By Tempy !%• Expanwt WwitbiHr lloiii*
Naturally Hie weather wSl be warmer with the winning party diking over Prom arraii^ments for this year—^The new gitda week committee is probably hoping that the big week in June is not cloudy.—Tough luck to you feUows who did not lay enough *^e line pol^dng^ to get invited to the j^m-Helleide BaU tonight. It vifUl he slightly overcast hut warming up today.
• ''rH
'ft? ■’l:
..I
"■ 'Iv- ", ' . . - V ^
, v;hMi •
VS,\J '! .v
•*V'
Q,
f 4
s
!»£Si
TtiJS PUBnbtrB B3E!P0NENf
tlTfie ^nriiue exponent
VMUlMiB IM*
>1
MtiiLiiiAjl aa aaoMid flaftft natter at the post office^ Lafayettet Indiann DcHveiped ■£*a!«0^5sr?S»: &Sd^ wnter. »2.60 per sold by a stogie eopy, 2 cento.
Bnatana PhoDa SOSO
OFFICER—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6037
^ ' . . FMday>ebruftW2^, 1037- ■
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
editorial board of control R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, K H. Morris, L. D, Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
..JB. HL Morris
AS!ffi£S^izzrBii;tte;rE;Br^ck;xEFow^^^^ w. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailej^ J. A. Chapin, J.R ClMk
Bold and Black Editor
L. S. Hardin, C. d! ttL Stenb^k, D. R. V«ce
J. C. Ohaver
BUSINESS STAFF
n. .T. Hulse
Bosiness Hanaser * — — — j urnmn National Advertising Manager. - "u „ Tynner Local Advertising Manager.
Local Advertising Manager. Circulation Manager...
.J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
L. D. Wood
!..".."wr H."i4fleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
WOMEN’S STAFF
As^^ate Editor8..TZ.. - Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, i^izabe^ Pyke
.Helen Creech
Advertisiag Manager..
Betty Barnett
Issue Editor—E. H. Kellogg
Open Campaigning Thus Far Yesterday marked the end of the first trial of the open campaign system as advocated by the Student Senate. No figures are available to the amounts spent by the two parties in the election, but it is felt that expenditures have been kept within reasonable bounds. This point eliminates one of the most logical and serious objections to such a system of elections. ■V^ile the system has not had a long enough trial, it seems evident that it is much more wholesome than the former “nonpolitical” type. Given more time for organization, it is our belief that elections can be made quite worthwhile and entailing a maximum of fun for the whole student body. Heretofore the political ramifications have been wide but of such a nature that the campus did not share them fully. Bringing the campaign into the open has opened up a golden opportunity for those who like to organize torch-light parades, political rallies and make stump speeches. In our opinion even the short trial given the new system has proved it thoroughly justified and we hope that it will continue with the entire campus participating.—L. D. W.
Wanted; A Professor To Put On A Pedestal A new suggestion for the Hall of Fame has been advanced —^the perfect professor. No, we’re not trying to be funny, we really think there might be one somewhere. And IF there were he would have these qualities: He can fire facts, uninteresting as they may be, without putting his pupils to sleep. 1. He gains the students’ interest by fllinging the class in spirited discussions on the League of Nations, tariffs, the Su preme Court, or any other subject they are studying. 2. He wears a polka dot bow tie on Tuesday and Thursday and a striped knit tie on the other days. 4. He finds it unnecessary to take roll call because he makes the class too interesting and valuable to miss. 5. He stimulates thinking instead of sixth grade memorizing. 6. He telJs jokes no older than the earliest Mae West gag. 7. He shoots stiff tests at least twice a quarter. 8. He has read something on his subject since 1928. 9. He realizes that spring with its lazy days is coming upon us once more, without reading about it in the weather reports. 10. He illustrates his lectures with incidents which happened : a. In state other than his own. b. To children other than his own. c. Sometime after 1910. Maybe our standard of qualities desired in a professor is too high. We just haven’t been able to find on^ with a polka dot tie.—Iowa State Student.
HURRAH! . . . HURRAH! . . . Elections are over . . . what a day . . . the polls closed at 5:30 . . . the most welcomed hour that ever arrived . . . ELECTION SAGA . . . What member of the ACE PARTY stole the car that JACK GOORY, member of the NATURAL PARTY was driving ? . . . and what member of the NATURAL PARTY stole the keys out of GENE WRIGHT’S ACE PARTY car . . . WRIGHT had to have TEVIE SPENCER push his car back to the Sig house—TEVIE was using the prominent Sig FORD . . . and then DICK CRAIG had the nerve to accuse yours truly of politicing in the Union when I was actually getting dirt for this here colyum by the way MR. CRAIG you can’t tell me that one ROBERT MUELLER was imbibing in the gentle art of tongue tiedness while he was continually hanging around those polls . . . and those of you who said you would vote for one party but instead you split your ticket—^now don’t you feel just a little bit guilty—you do— so do I . . . merrily merjrily, gently down the stream . . by the way what is this thing called politics—^never heard of it—personally I never touch the stuff .... say, WALLY CRAIG what do you mean by marring up the beautiful sidewalks, streets, buildings, etc., with your whitewash ? .. . nuf sed ..
Squad Leaves Tomorrow Trackmen Face ThreeCornered Meet With N. U. and Chicago Having launched the indoor season with a victory over Chicago in a dual track meet last week, the Purdue track squad will trek back to the Windy City again tomorrow for a triangular meet with Northwestern and Chicago. Coach “Orv” Martin is hoping to come out on the large end of the final score and is bolstered in this hope by the great strength which the team exhibited in the distance runs against the Maroons. He figures that the Boilermakers ought to take the same number of places that they did last week and that the positions which Chicago captured will now be shared with the Northwestern squad. The Martinmen’s hopes of finishing on top in the three-cornered fight for points are upheld by two sophomores, Arthur Bodeau and Donald Long who captured the halfmile and two-mile respectively, and Jack Goory, veteran miler, who took the blue ribbon in his specialty. The Boilermakers scored 24 out of a possible 27 points against the Maroons in the three events. Following tomorrow’s triangular meet, the squad will journey to Indianapolis Wednesday for a dual meet with Butler and will then prepare for the Chicago Daily News meet in Chicago a week from tomorrow.
Downey, Huffman Must Watch Game From Sidelines Two crippled basketball teams will face each other tomorrow night as Purdue and Indiana, both of whom have lost the services of one of their co-captains, renew their old rivalry. Co-Captain Downey was crashed to the floor in the midst of a melee early in the Wolverine game and trainer Lon Mann declared that there was very little likelihood that the veteran guard would see action in either of the two games remaining on the schedule because of the shoulder injury-which he sustained. Indiana’s co-captain Vernon Huffman was forced from the lineup after an attack of influenza and will be merely another spectator at the game.
Club Will Discuss *‘How Do You Do It” WsB Margaret Beeman of the home economics department will lead a discussion on “How Do You Do UV' at a meeting of the Virginia C. Meredith Club Tuesday at p. hl in room F of the Memorial Union Building. The club invites all girls to attend the forum.
Chi O, Ward 3 Lead In Co-ed Basketball; Half Of Schedule Completed With half of the co-ed intramural basketball games played off, the Chi Omega team is leading in League 1, and Ward 3 is ahead in League 2, as a result of games forfeited to them. Three others teams in League 2 have been beaten only once. The two leagues are composed of the eleven teams representing the various sororities and wards. The championship game will be played on March 6 between the winners of the two leagues.
Home Ec. Teachers To Broadcast Programs Radio programs will be broadcast from the Home Economics Building to the Arsenal Technical High School from 12 to 12:16 p. m. every Tuesday, and a broadcast especially for the homemakers will be given Thursdays from 12:46 to 1:00 in the afternoon. These programs, which are being tried out from the teacher’s office in the Home Economics Building, are under the direction of Miss Margaret Beeman.
ORGANIZED, ONE NEW CLUB . GLENN MARTIN and stooges (JOHNNY VAN NATTA) are the President and Treasure of the newly formed “Ladies Aid Society”— the idea of the club is to “fix” all guys who have been giving their gals a dirty deal—the object being to rush the guy’s gal off her feet until the “dirty-dealer” gets back into the swing of things ... it has worked swell on NICK BELURY with JUDY JONES as the object of dirty dealing ... I forgot to state that tomorrow JOHNNY is president and GLENN is treasure they alternate every day on these officerships—^neither can trust the other with the nickel that they have in the Treasury . . . IF THAT WAS CLOSE HARMONY . . . that was rendered in the Sweet Shop yesterday afternoon, your editor is extremely wrong (as usual) . .. the only thing that was close about that Harmony was the fact that six or seven of them sat in one booth. AND THEN THEY SAY THAT STUDENTS ARE KIDDISH . . . Tuesday night at the unholy hour of 2 in the morning one Professor and one Instructor in the speech department started a game of Tit-for Tat ... it started when one of these childish teachers swiped the car of the other ... it ended up in a wild chase around town ... a form of hide-and-seek with automobiles . . garbage, Christmas trees (where they got them no one will know), garage equipment, etc. were piled on the porches of the above mentioned educators . . . the above escapade actually happened and it was accomplished in the presence of and with the aid of several members of our illustrious student body. LOUISE SMITH IS BATTING AGAIN . . . until a couple of weeks ago she was DON SPRING’S baby, but when it was announced that ROBBY REID was running for the PROM /;ommittee LOUISE announced to other males on the campus that ROBBY was her man . . . the little questiqn of PROM couldn’t have had anything to do with that announcement—no, not much anyway ... A PARTY . . . “Prexy” PUTOO^ HEE of the COSMOPOLITAN club is giving a big dinner at the ACC House . . . the rumor has it that this dinner is for the sole purpose of announcing his engagement . . . time alone will tell . . . WHO—MARS—WHO
NO. 7—
You see her very often . . . very nice and soft spoken . . . her hair is white . . . with a pin so bright.. WHO
NO. 8—
Be ie taking a beating from a gal.... he’s known by all .. . Ah, curly hair ... he also wears those
WBAA Will Broadcast ‘The Ladies Aid Society’ WBAA will broadcast “The Ladies’ Aid Society,” a play to be enacted by the Lafayette Little Theater Players, today at 3 p. m. The cast will include Mrs. Ruth Grimes, Mrs. Sue Carmichael, Mrs. Nettie Crepps, and Miss Treva Torrenga. The play was written by Mrs. Dorothy Pearlman and Mrs. Edna
Bauer.
WBAA
GRIK AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“The sun has certainly worked wonders on Wilbur’s rheumatism.”
11:6012:00-
TODAY
Principles of Sociology, Mr. T. K. Noss. Purdue News Flashes. •Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time, Bud Bryant’s Orchestra 12:30—Athletic Review by Homer Allen. 12:46—Purdue Woman’s Club
Recital.
1:00—Retail Division of Lafayette Chamber of
Commerce featuring Miss Mary Wagner.
■You And Your Health,
Mr. F. L. Willis. Great Inventions, ^ '
1:45—Markets, weather. 2:00—Charlotte Friend Stew-
art.
2:15—Commercial Law, Mr. L. G. Minnear. 3:00—We Have Music, 3:16—Afternoon Melodies. 3:30—Lafayette Little Theater Program. 4:OOk—Paul Emerson, pianist. 4:15—The Magic Carpet. 4:30—Twilight Musicale. 4:45—Melody Moods.
Three Hours On One Subject; A Catastrophe Washington, D. C.—(AGP)—“If a student in America received three hours to concentrate on one subject, he would die of shock.” So said Harvard University’s Pres. James Bryant Conant to the Association of American Universities. “As it is now, he has to jump Ifrom algebra to tap dancing to Cherokee to Choctaw. Our students emerge from college with a wonderful smattering of everything.” An unidentified professor ftom the South sprang to his feet and yelled: “Why! Our football team was playing yours at Cambridge, and our cheering section was calling your boys ‘damn Yankees,’ but they quit after the half because they realized no Harvard man had enough history to know what they were talking about.”
formance against the same team during Christmas holidays, although they were unable ta push across a victory.
1:16-
1:30-
horsey clothes . . . WHO NO. 9— She’s sweet, pretty, and demure . . . coal black hair ... a man in tow . . . attractive brown eyes . . . WHO THE WINNER of the WHO— MARS—WHO contest for this week will be announced in Tuesday’s colyum ... the greatest number of right answers will win the 2 MARS PASSES . . . your solutions must be turned in by 4 Monday night...
ARC
Today - - Saturday Jack Holt In “Dangerous Waters” —and— Lloyd Hughes in “Kelley of the Secret Service” —atoo— CLYDE BEATTY ’ in “DARKEST AFRICA”
Irish Fencers Win In Sports Carnival Purdue's fencers bowed before a superior Notre Dame squad last night amid the uproar of the Sports Carnival in a match which ended up with a final score of 11-6. The Boilermakers got better as the meet progressed as shown by the scores which came in. First, they lost the foils,’ 6-3, next the sabers, 3-1, and finally they tied at 2-2 in the epee. The team showed a great improvement over their per-
Family TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
William Boyd “BORDERLAND” —and— Jeanne Dante in ‘FOUR DAYS WONDER”
Cleo Bell, school teacher in Washita county, Oklahoma, lives in a trailer parked near her one-room school.
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY Double Feature
—Plus— James Dunn in
Aid
TODAY' - SATURDAY Double Feature
- NOW - Thrills For Your Ears
Western^Etectric MIKKOPHOKIC BOUND SYSTBM
THEY TRIED TO KICK ^!THE LID OFF PARIS!
MAMA
OUT
with
duy XIBBEE ALKE BRADY ^BETTY FURNESS S STANLEY MORNER
Pina —
Emil '^Colman and his orch.
Today - Saturday fciiAtitS
First
g Should 16-ytor'>oU O daughtof allow W their fathors to thiim for themaelvee? ^ Meet the minx who drove her uneuspecting popper into love and trouble.
Gertrude Michael Maratot Grahame —PlUB—
A MODERN KILLER TAKES TO THE AIR.., at Warner Bros, bring you ^thrills and chills'in fhe most daring mod man-^hunt in historyl 1^' '
SOME CLASS A NOVELTY The March of Times'i f
1
, / i « 2;
filkimi
THE HHB^JUE EXPONENT
Fast Action Features i liitrauiural Carnivcd
Twenty’-EightFratetnities Participate in Unortho^ dox Silver Derby Races
By B. D. Witwer
Rivaling a circus for variety of entertainmeht and thrills, the intramural carnival outdid itself last night before 1,000 fans who came to see what could be done in athletics. There were five or six events going on all of the time and here is a sample of one stage of the sports frolic. Fast frater-
nity relay teams racing around
the track, wrestlers grunting and groaning in an effort to break each others leg, boxers trading jabs in the center of the ring, a “perfect man” standing statuesque, one symmetrical mass of muscle, staying motionless before the scores of envious glances, a Notre Dame and Purdue fencer going at each other in a flash of sword play, ten big bruisers straining muscles in the tug-of war, and last, but not least, two teams in the silver derby running around the floor on stilts, in barrels, or what have you. That’s a composite of just wha+ went on. Probably the most interesting
and surely the silliest of the events was this silver derby. Twenty-eight fraternity teams swallowed their dignity and fought it out to see who was the best in thdse races which are reminiscent of picnics. It began by the Phi Kappa winning the tricycle race in a fast finish spurt against the Lambda Chis. In this race it was definitely proven that modern progress isn’t so hot after all. The Lambda Chis on their beautiful green and white streamlined tridycle couldn’t keep up with the Phi Kappa’s and their red threewheeled chariot which dates back
to about 1920.
The other races which had the audience in a howling mood most
JAZZ IN THE RAW
BY
THE DIXIELAND FIVE
You have, no doubt, read about this famous band in the February 13th edition of Saturday Evening Post, now why nondrop in and hear the following Victor Records which they have )ust made
•^""^{ongma'l'* Dixieland One Step D'X'eland Five
.----.(Skeleton Jangle ^^”^^lTiger Rag
The Dixieland Five
(Clarinet Marmalade •^”^^iBluin' the Blues
The Dixieland Five
«B6806
Boo Hoo
Itea'yTcan You Swing Wingy Manone's Orch
(I Can't Lose That Longing for You
B680 ^You Showed Me the Way Wingy Manone's Orch.
McLEAN MUSIC STORE HEADQUARTERS FOR •VICTOR and * BLUEBIRD RECORDS
We Carry a Full Line of Arrow Shirts
DEWENTER’S
03^
p)
For Variety
Fancy yourself owning a handsome assortment of Arrows as pictured below. New colors — new collars — each shirt carefully tailored to Arrow standards. Mitoga-shaped and Sanforized-Shrunk.
ROUND CORNER $2.50
WITH TIE LOOPS $2
ARROWL^AVeI
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at
SOUTHWORTH’S
of the evening were marteed by picturesque spills and some real, spontaneous skill on the parts of various team niembers in their particular modes of travel. The most bruising Of the dashes was the sack race, where, if you fell, you really hit the floor, not being able to break your fall by using your arms. Results The final results of the Carnival are as follows: Boadng Franklin defeated Rose. Palmqmst defeated Kngeman. Palmer defeated Butcher. Conklin defeated Franz. Scott defeated Wright. Hardesty fought Beers and Bastvdck fought Lord in exhibition contests. Hardesty was given the trophy for being the best boxer. Wrestling Gossard defeated Edwards. Cantwell defeated Dawson. Vuchines defeated Gardner. Timms defeated Milvio. Huffman defeated Lederer. Buenting defeated Gossard. Hawkmson defeated Barker. Scrivnor defeated Harvey. Relay Won by Alpha Chi Rho. Perfect Man—Hornberger, first; Fields, second; Reed, third; Westloh, fourth. Horizontal Bar—Middleton, first; Markham, second; Timms, third. Robe Climb—Markham first; A. F. Gamer, second; George, third. Tumbling—Snyder, first; Middleton, second; Campbell, third. Mile Run—Knapp, first; Shackleton, second; and Stark, third. Tug of War—Beta Theta Pi. Silver Derby—Tricycle, Phi Kappa; horseback, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; barrel, Kappa Delta Rho; sack race. Phi Delta Theta; stilt race, Beta Theta Pi; thre-legged race, Theta Chi; wheel barrow race. Phi Gamma Delta. Mile Walk—Abbott, first; Rosebrock, second; Hicks, third; Ogle, fourth.
\1
ielder’s.... ...choice
•By Bob Walpole-«MM Note; Graduation
Editor’s Note; Graduation will soon close Bob Walpole’s list of successes in the University and among them his career as a collegiate sports columnist. With an eye to the future then, we have as first of a series of guest conductors—
Spence Griffiths.
—^fc—
Indiana makes her first bid for National A. A. U. indoor team championship tomorrow at Madison Square Garden with her talented six man team—Lash, Deckard, Smith, Trutt, Collier, and Miller . .. incidentally, the team will fly to New York, the first Big Ten squad to adopt flying as a means of traveling to a meet.
—^fc—
Coach LaBree’s fighting stock went up two points yesterday when Closson and Whitcomb returned to the squad . . . their return brings the Boilermaker chances against Ohio tomorrow to a much brighter level . . . the same follows when DePauw comes here on Monday . ..
—^fc—
"Tlven bowling is becoming intercollegiate! Furthermore it’s a sport which both men and women can compete in. For example, Illinois University sent ten keglers . . . five men . . . five women ... to try their Him against the Boilermakers last night in the Union Building. This marks the first time that Illinois has ever sent a women’s bowling team off the campus . , .and also the first non-telegraphic bowling tournament between the 2 schools.
—^fc—
We note with regret that Purdue’s only chance to rate in the Golden Gloves bouts at Chicago was lost by the narrowest of margins. . . . Red Hardesty did some mighty tough fighting to get there, too!
This
Week
VALUES IN
Fashion Firsts The Lord Kenton Shirt
White starched collars on solid colored shirts are going to be more in evidence this season than perhaps at any time in the past The shirt, as shown above, may be of fine quality blue chambray, green, gray, or mouse—^with two separate white collars The white collar in contrast to the colored shirt gives just the right neckline relief and smart appearance. Lord Kenton Shirts are priced at $2 00
The Sherman Bow Tie
Pointed ends and adjustable length in a variety of color combinations, lend that campus atmosphere to any "ed". Tie it like a shoe string Sherman bows are priced at 50c.
DEWENTER^S
416 MAIN, LAFAYETTE
Lfunliisrtiit^ Bmqaei As Cnesis Of Honor Wifk Purdue Club Of Cldeago Following the completion of the 1937 hardwoodf campaign against Wisconsin at Madison on Monday night, Coach Ward Lambert and the members of the Purdue basketball squad will be the guests of honor of the Purdue Association of Chicago on Tuesday evening at a dinner meeting in the Bine Fountain Room of the Hotel LaSalle.
BASKETBALL
7:00-
7-15-
TODAY
Court 1—Official, Abell -Alpha Tau Omega vs. 'Theta
Chi (B).
Ward 4 vs. Ward 10 8:26—Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Theta
Pi (B).
Court 2—Oflicial, Phillips. 7:00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 9. 7 15—Phi Delta Theta vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon (B), 8:25—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma
Nu, (B)
Tough luck, Red! . . . —^fc— Interesting note . . . Texas freshman Adolph Kiefer, world and Olympic back-stroke champion has turned himself about. His chief ambition now is to break the 200yard free style mark now held by Johnny Weismuller. “No more backstroke records” quotes Kiefer.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
lions To Fete Lambertmen
Celebmting the twenty yinat of fruitful service of Ward “Piggy*’ Lambert, as head coach of haaheiball, as well as ikying tribute to thecurrent hardwood squad, there Wifi be an unusual significance attached to the annual besketbatt fmnquet sponsored by the Lions dub wliie]i will be held in the Memorial Union Building next Wednesday evening at 6:30 o’clock. Interest in the annual gathemi^ has been increased by the announcement that Joe Andrews, local attorney, who is the Tippecanoe county representative in the state legislature, will be the principal speaker, and Harold Van Orman, former Lieutenant Governor, well known as a master of ceremonies, will act as toastmaster. Advance ticket sales have been proceeding at a record rate, and the committee in charge has announced that no tickets will be sold at the door. Tickets can still be obtained at Deac’s, Decker's, Southworth’s, and the Union Desk, or from members of the Lions Club.
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service. Servinp Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 —8050
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic
OB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK OB. BOBEBT 6. BISK DB. LUTHBB A. BISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
These values are offered by leading Lafayette merchants to better acquaint Purdue Students with the stores of Lafayette
Pays to Look Well
I#
Neat appearance has sold many an article—and many a man as well. You have noticed how much more impressive the snappy, clean-cut man is. Here's h,is secret in one short sentence. Let the Union Barber Shop improve your appearance.
/et
7
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION/
''''
Ift',
Classified Ads.
ii '' ,
TYPEWRITERS—ADiJiNG MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Flat Top Office Desk—Cost new $39. Like new for $10 at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
Good Printing—Painless prices Past service. Near as your phone. Call 5205. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
For Sale^—Good tuxedo, size 36, S12. Inquire 219 Waldron. Phbne 51192.
Piano And Organ Instruction— Harry Irwin Metzger, Purdue Organist. Phone 35683.
Five Stores
The five Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1616 Main Street
Club Notes
By Nota M. Misner
Guest Day will be observed by the Purdue Women’s Club Thursday, March 4, at 2:30 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Senora Bertita Leonarz de Harding of Indianapolis will deliver a lecture.
Mrs. G. M. Frier, 316 Sylvia street, will be hostess to the members of the Mothers’ Study Club at a dinner meeting on Wednesday, Mafch 3, at 6:30 o’clock.
The Monday Club will be entertained by Mrs. A. A. Potter, 1012 Stadium avenue, on March 1, at 2:30 o’clock. “Mexican Art” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Mrs. R. B. Stewart.
The Kensington Club will meet with Mrs. B. E. Horrall, 435 Robinson avenue, on Friday, March 5 at 2:30 o’clock.
The Asthetian Club will hold a luncheon meeting at the home of Mrs. Fay Gaylord, 314 Sylvia street on Friday, March 5, at 1:00 o’clock.
Members of the Twentieth Century Club will meet at Duncan Hall on Thursday, March 4 at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. G. C. Brandenburg will give a book review.
H. BEHRENS Merchant Tailor Suits Made to Order and All Repairs Over Kienly’s Drug Store Lafayette, Ind.
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY New Beginners’ Class For Ladies and Gentlemen Opens Wed., March 10
7:30 P. M.
Phone 2150
AUen’s
POPCORN
CANDY ICE CREAM
CIGARETTES CARMEL CRISP
TOBACCO PEANUTS
Dad’s Place
So Handy
AFTER th. DANCE
COME OUT TO RUDY’S
Vi Mile North of Campus on U. S. 52
WE'RE PROUD OF THIS TASTIER BREAD
And you'll be proud to serve it. Oven-fresh, its fragrant goodness adds joy to any meal. Made fresh daily in our spotless kitchens. You'll also be proud to serve any of the variety of bakery goods we have.
Graves’ Quality Bakery
Catejring to Fraternities and Sororities
' o'j'- ■',! \ .
THE PUBDtJE aXPONilNT
Household
Notes-'-
By Nota M. Misner
An unusual breakfast dish to serve is one of baked bacon and bananas. The preparation for this is very simple being just this—cut bananas into thirds and wrap a piece of bacon around each piece. Broil or bake in a hot oven.
The fad of tfie coming spring season is going to be suits again. Last year they were tailored and were worn with linen blouses. This spring they may be either tailored or soft and be topped by splashy print
Peas and pimentos can be combined in a dish to serve for any occasion. The ingredients needed are one can of peas, two tablespoons of butter, one-half teaspoon of salt, one can pimentos, and a few grains pepper. Heat peas rapidly in liquid from can until liquid has evaporated. Melt butter, add chopped pimento and saute two or three minutes. Add salt and pepper. Put the peas in serving dish and pour pimento butter sauce over them.
Remembering friends’ and relatives’ birthdays is a task no one does very efficiently. One way of overcoming this burden on the memory is by keeping a birthday book and marking the dates on the calendar. Everyone will commend you on your splendid ability to remember such “trifles” as mere birthdays.
For the dish of the month, the honors go to meringue lemon pie. For meringue add one teaspoon of vinegar or cream of tartar, and one-eighth teaspoon salt to three egg whites and beat stiff. Gradually beat in one cup of sugar. Then spread evenly in large buttered pie pan, and bake in slow oven for one hour, or until delicately browned. For the filling, cook four beaten egg yolks, one-half cup sugar, one-third cup lemon juice, and one-half teaspoon salt in double boiler to custard consistency, stirring constantly. Add one teaspoon unflavored gelatin softened in cold water and one teaspoon grated lemon rind. Cool. When mixture begins to thickt? en, fold in four stiff-beaten egg whites combined with one-half cup sugar. Pour into baked meringue shell and chill until firm (2 to 3 hours). Serve with whipped cream.
FOR Over 50 Years
The Leading Driig Store for
University People
BartiettDrugCo.
"The price is always low" 306 State Phone 4451
ATTENTION FRATERNITIES
DID YOU EVER TRY PAPER NAPKINS?
ABI6 SAVIIK Phone 7828
Lafayette Printing Co.
NOTICES
No noticM ate0|il«l aft«r S p. m.
P. I. A.—All independent students desiring to take dancing lessons please sign up in the P. I. A. office from 4 to 6 p. m. any time before March 1.. —BUXTON.
Military Boxers—^The following men will report to the Memorial Gym February 26 at 4 p. m. for the semi-flnals in the Military Boxing tournament. 126 Pound Class—W. A. Nash. B. W. Carpenter, M. H. Ostrander, R. A. Tlllson, and P. P. Pouder. , 136 Pound Class—G. Kester, P. Murphy, P. Vuchines, H. Krashen, C. R. Brown. 146 Pound Class—C. Craft, E. S. Bogue, H. Butcher, H. Frazee, Henderson, and J. W. Godbey. 160 Pound Class—T. F. Jelnick, T. E. Dann, R. H. Conklin, R. W. Burks, D. H. Carson, P. E. Franz, S. G. Peterson. 176 Pound Class—C. A. Reising, W. B. Bov^an, L. W. LaFuse, J. O’Connor, and B. Tibbets. Heavyweight—V. J. Vitkus.
Dance Class—All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign up in P. I. A. office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6:30. —BUTCHER.
Deck Tennis—These games should be played off before February 27: Bouton and Newman vs. Auld and Clymer; Charles and Fitch vs. Halstead and Kelly; Pell and Reverda vs. Phelps and Cooley. —RIETH.
Y. W. C. A. —Those who have signed membership cards who have not paid their dues must do so before March 1 to be eligible to vote in the coming election. —JONES.
NYA Checks—NYA checks for period ending February 10 are now availa'bte in the cashier’s office of the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE.
Seniors—Dummy sheets for senior section of 1937 Debris will be made up this week to be sent to the printers. If there are any seniors who have any additional activities to add to their charts please stop in at the Debris office at once to make these additions. —DWIGHT.
C. E. 41—An examination for the removal of C grades will be given March 6th, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. Students expecting to take the examination should report to F. W. Greve not later than March 4th. —GREVE.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Applications should be made at history office by March 6. —ES’TEY.
W. A. A. Fencing—All girls in the fencing tournament please report to the gym February 26 at 4 :30. —BEKO.
Ag Dance—All Ceres, Alpha Zeta and other students selling tickets for the AllAg dance must attend the Ceres meeting for a check on ticket sales. ir-VRAKK
P. I. A.—Both novice and advanced classes will meet February 26 promptly at_7 p. m.
Question:
What Is It That
EyeRy Meal Needs?
Answer:
Delicious Appetizing Creamy
COHAGE CHEESE
Sunshine
Farms
Phone 5015
■h
in the Union bsliroom.
-BUTCHER.
Removal of Ma^h Conditions—Examinations for the -removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Marelh' 18 at 1 p. m. in the Recitation Building. —MARSHALL.
W. A. A. Basketball—The following contests Will be played February 26: at 4 p. m. in the large gym. Kappa vs. Pi Phi; at 4 p. m. in the small gym. Ward 1 and Ward 4 vs. Alpha Xi; at 4:80 p. m. in the large gym. Ward 2 vs. Ward 8; at 4:30 p. m. in the small gym. Theta vs. Chi Omega. —SHAFFER.
Junior Military Students—All students in Military Traing 6 who were vaccinated for small pox or given the first shot for typhoid on last Corps Day will report to Capt. Hayford on the second floor of the Aasmory during Corps Day, Msirch 2. —HAYFORP.
/
Union Committees—Men of our committees will report to the workshop February
26 at .4 p. m, , -^SHEETS, SOATTBRDAY, STALLINGS, WIEGANDT.
Playshop Election—Candidates for 103788 Board posifions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March 6 at 4 p. m. Playshop members and students with credit in English 61 are eligible. —RUSSELL.
^ Independent Eds and Co-eds—Contact P. 1. _A. office February 26 after 4 p, m. if you wish to participate in one of the two mixed volleyball .teams February 26 at 7:80 p. m. in the regular mixed recreation at the Women’s Gym. —SCHUNDT.
Independent Orchestra—Practice in the Tower Room, of the Union Building at 7 p. m. February 26. —FRAME.
W. A. A. Girls—Those girls, who are interested in becoming committee heads or officers of W. A. A. submit names to the W. A. A. office before February 27. —ARNOLD.
cS^veclal
FRIDAY and SATURDAY A Large, Round or Rectangular
BLACK WALHUT WHITE LAYER CAKE
Iced with a Fluffy White Boiled Icing Offered for Only
39c
By
RUGER’S
Quality Bakers PHONE 5426
PAN DANCERS
Ride in Safety and Comfort
(ALL A DE LUXE CAB 2151 PHONE 2151
DELUXE GAB COMPANY
1,000,600 PEOPLE SHAVE
llECmCAlLY EVERY DAY
• • • U/Aen *Po You Stait?
; (Ijiei’dlp'i Hit ,40 firm: i:utTL>itt
PACKARD LEKTRO-SHAVER
Thousands of men in all walks of life have learned Ihe value of a clean shave. The Packard Mulma Leklroshaver, is a revelation for those who have never tried an electric shaver, or who were disappointed with imperfect nnf7s*® Lektro-Shaver, with ite $200,000 ^ster Barber Cutter, the onlu shaver with the round head, brings electric shoving to perfection. It is amazing that you can shave cleanly, closely, painlessly, without brush, water, blades or lather. There's no beard
too tough... no skin loo, touchy. And best of A Tl H? all...IT REALLY SHAVES YOU CLEAN! vJlS»
M?”**?®!*'™** Dictograph Products Company, Precision iVianufoclurers for over 55 years, for Ihe Progress Corp.
J
DECKER’S
518-520 MAIN
PHONE 6477