•>u
-wil^nls- ..n»^io%<iI>^«>«V>^>4'‘—•^*"
''/I'"
IT'^
C. F.
Singers
Kettering,
Entertain At Convocation Noted Engineer Discusses Research Methods/ Their Broader Applications ' Igy Lou Speck liast night at one of the longest convocations of the year, sponsored by the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Student War Council, Charles F. Kettering, the University
cl F. Kettering
Established 1889
What time is it?
Volume 55, No. 99
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, March 5, 1943
Lou Diamond To Swing Out fW/otf Answers For Senior Shindig Tonight Questions
Ostrander To Receive Crown At Prom; AWS Will Give Coeds 3 A. M. Hours Tonight from 9 p, m. until 2 a. m, in the morning. University students will dance to the music of Lew Diamond and his band i nboth ballrooms of the Union. Tickets may still be obtained today at the Cashier’s Office, or at the Sweet Shop between 4 and 5:30 p. m. Passports must be displayed when purchasing tickets. Since the dance will be formal corsages will
be in order.
To conform to University wartime economy. Student Union workers have planned the prom decorations principally to achieve the effect of modernistic neatness rather than untimely elaborateness. Besides ^
a backdrop bearing a design painted in bright blue, red and yellow flowing curves and sharp angles, the committee has announced that new bandstands will be utilized for the first
time.
Queen Anne At 11 p. m., Anne Ostrander will be crowned "Queen of the Prom.” Among the honors Anne has won heretofore, are Freshman Queen, Queen of the Big Ten Track Meet. In addition she was recently featuied in an article in “Look”; and
University Musical To Present Convo
Organizations Tomorrow Night
University Choir
. . . world renowned inventor, spoke at a convoca- member of the Purdue Playtion last night in the Music Hall, sponsored by the its dramatic presentations, imStudent War Cuncil and Greater Lafayette Chamber mediately following the award of of Commerce flowers to her majesty’s court, the
Giand March will begin, led by Will Hiller, chairman of the Prom Corn-
Glee Club, the University Mixed Chorus, and a number of mittec. dt^itaries appeared before an audience of about 5000 people, Three Vocalists
the'greater part of which was composed of townspeople. Lew Diamond and his orchestra, preceding the introduction of Dr. Kettering by Dean Potter, who will furnish the music for the
aifair boasts eleven bandsmen and three vocalists in the peisohs of Jerry and Jane, a girl duet, and Skippy Farrell, who will offer the male interpreuations. new Diamond commands a large following m Chicago as is evidenced by a recent press notice which states “He is the biggest name to have ever played
Chicago.”
The Prom Committee Members of the Prom Committee in charge of arrangements and the organizations which they represent are as follows: Will Hiller, chah’man, president of the Student Union; Gene Katterjohn, Student Unipn executive; Paul Miller, president of the Student Senate; Bob Boswinkle, News Editor of the Exponent; Dottie Cornthwaite, president of AWS; Ginny Lee MacDonald, piesident of Gold Peppers; and Ed Fingle, representing Cary
Halls.
3 A. M. Coed Hours Coed hours for the Prom have been set for 3 a. m.
th^ Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, exhibited the flawless harmony and perfiSct modulation of tone which won them second place in Fred W^lring’s Contest last spring, in a short musical interlude nlade up of “Pledge of Allegiance to,the Flag,” a solo by Bill Kennedy, accompanied by the Glee Club; “Angels of Mercy,” and “This
is 4ly Country.”
lii beginning his address on “Lobking Through the Eyes of Research,” Kettering defined the research expert as being “a professional amateur,” professional in the sense of knowing what he’s up agginst, and amateurish in the manner he has to investigate and experiment. Continuing, Kettering stated “I believe that I can teach people to be inventors.” The first step would be to educate the man. Then, the next lequiiement would be to educate him not to be discouraged by unsuccess since “edu(See KETTERING, page 1)
. . . will be one of five University musical organizations who will participate in tomorrow night's convocation in the Hall of Music at 1:30 p. m.
1
Hanley Speech Contest Entries Close Tuesday Conti ary to a headline in yesterday’s Exponent, the deadline for entries in the seventh annual Hanley Speech Contest for Engineers
will be next Tuesday.
Those wishing to compote should visit the Speech office in University Hall on or before next Tuesday and make known their intention. Preliminaries will bo held on this evening, and SIX speaker.s will be chosen to enter the final compeition a
week from this date.
W. A. Hanley, member of the Board of Trustees since 1940, conceived the idea of such a contest so that the engineei ing students would be more interested in learning how to speak correctly. He maintains that these students have good ideas but can seldom piesent them effec-
tively.
Symphonic Band, Concert Choir, Glee Club, Orchestra, University Choir Will Participate In Classical Program
Music Hall Doors
Will Open At 6:45
Glider Club Has Wings Clipped , . . Club Continues Minus Glider
By Jack Dominik Without a doubt the title oi the mpbt successful hard-luck oiganization on the campus should go to the “Purdue Glidei Club ” The wai sitpation is to blame foi the most reepnt difficulty: that of trying to ox,ist as a glider club without a glider. Early last spiiiig the club managed to conveit all oi its assets into the foim of a tw'o-place. Cinema sailplane, which many students hero on the campus this summer might have seen soaring ovei the airfioit. But this too proved to be too good—an order came from the Aimy for the pui chase ot the plane to aid in the training of jiilots for the Glider Coips. July 4th Trip Taking advantage ot the holiday on the Fourth of July, Catl Shakel, then piesident of the club, and Ralph Salisbiuy, the piesent piesident, hitched tlie plane in its tiailer to the back of Carl’s Model A and headed tor Aiuarilla, Texas, to deliver the ship. At one time on the trip the hitcli came loose and the gljder and tiailei both went into a ditch. Luckily theie was no damage otlier than that incuiiod by the nervous .system ot the two custodians. While on the ti ip the car was completely oveihauled twice; ijiiicc to put in new iings, and another time to replace a piston,
Pioneer In Its Field The “Puidue Glider Club” has always been a pioneci in its field, being the inventor of the winch method ot launching Up until this time most planes w'cio given their initial altitude by a tow cai; how'evci, the powei winch pulls the ])lanc at the end of a thousand foot wire. Also the club w'as the first to use a four passenger glider, which W'as definitely a first but proved inefficient foi the purposes of the club. The flight session, whicli is the most pleasant memoiy of any club mcmbei, is one of the i eally romantic chajiteis in the histoiy of man’s flight. Many of the sessions tills summer began as early as 3:30 a. m. and continued until flying w'as piohibited by daikness. Efficient Ground Work The session itself is an example of precision flying accompanied by efficient gioiind w’oik While the lilane is in the an the tow cai pulls the two-w ire to w'here the plane w'lll land. When the glidei lands the w'lio IS attached immediately and anotliei flight stalls. As many as IK) flights have been made in one day at the Univeisity An port by the club. These flights have an aveiage duiation of about five minutes, 'file maximum was a flight of almost an hour in which an altitude ot 1400 feet w'as i cached with two
passengers in the plane. ' The method of acquiiing new' members w'hich the club employs is somewhat unique as compared to most campus activities. At the beginning ot each semcstei an open meeting is announced and all interested students are invited to attend. At the meeting the purpose and obligations of membership are discussed accompanied usually by movies of various sailplanes in
action.
Pledges Allowed To Fly Pledging IS then opened to those w'ho are still interested, and after the pledge gets a signed release he IS allowed to paiticipate in the flying activities of the club. At the present time this consists mainly in flying in the cub w'hich the club has out at the airport. After he has been a pledge for about six weeks, the pledge is voted on by the actives. He must be approved by all the actives piesent. Open Meeting Next Tuesday The club is holding theii open meeting of the semester next Tuesday, March 9, m the Union. This semestei, more than ever before, the club needs pledges W'ho are not afraid to work and wait. They will be replacing almost a third of the club’s normal membership who were lost this semester to the Air
Corps and other armed seivices.
branches ^of the public is invited without charge to Purdue Hymn , Kirchoff
attend the meeting. (See CONVO, page 4)
Campus Varieties To Feature Vocalist, New Character By Stew Wolfe “Skeets” Taylor will be the featured vocalist on Campus Varieties tomorrow at 4 p. m. over WBAA. Popular Jimmy Westover has been made a regular and will be back at the piano with a medley of the hit tunes from Jerome Kern’s “Showboat”. As an audience show it is attracting greater numbers each week at the Music Hall studios and the usual group of talent will be presented this week. Back from his travels on our neighbor planet. Mats, will be Prof. T. U. Butts, the Varieties thinking machine. Ole Olafson, the janitoi, will forget his relatives this week to talk a little about himself, while Giandma, played by June Hardy, is the sort of female one con’t forget. Already thiee widowers have proposed to her by mail and she has thanked all courteously, but states definitely her life is tied up with the WAACS A new chaiactcr, Boitiam Swizzle, played by Art Woods, will be intioduced on this progiam. Boitlani and Grandma have been created by the dialogue of Jean Fiankenbeiry, one of Vaineties script stair. Ed Gnus will be back as Master of Madness while other favoiites will include Justin Meacham, Chris Shenkel, Vuginia Martin, Mai 1011 Lively, Clark Pollack, Ed Ericson, Dan McKinnon and Don
Dial.
“Stoiy Behind the Headlines” will be the featuie playlet this week. It IS a human, fast-moving story of the scenes taking place in a large newspapei office. Tom McCrum will take the part of Managing Editor Wilson while the girl repoiter will be played by Carolyn Wood Admission to Campus Vaiieties
IS flee.
Wings Of The Army ... IS the title of a movie which will be sponsored by the Institute of Aeronautical Engineers this afternoon at 4 in the first floor lectuie room of the Physics building. The
Tomorrow night one of the entertainment highlights of the year will be presented by the University musical organizations in the annual convocation in the Hall of Music at 7:30. The participating activities will be the Symphonic Band, Concert Choir, Glee Club and University Choir. Doors Open At 6:45 Since a large audience is expected, the doors of the Music Hall are being opened at 6:45 so that everyone may be seated before the opening number. Students will be admitted by their passports and all others will be admitted upon presentation of their season tickets. Single admission tickets will be sold at the door for 55 cents. A program for the evening is as
follows:
S'^mphonic Band Fust Movement Symphony No. 5 in C Minor Allegro con Brio Beethoven Cornet Tiio—Triplets of the Finest Henneberg Bvt 1st Lt. Frank T. Hemler Lance Corpoial Jack L. Snyder Lance Corporal G. E. Mariam Aveiture to Rose Maiic Friml INTERMISSION Goncerf Choir Aithur Jacklin, accompanist 0 Lovely Heart Robertson Tices Rasbach The Sleight Koiintz Homing Del Riego Glee Club Accompanied by David Simpson Skylark Carmichael The Lost Chord Sullivan Will. Morgan, Tenor Coronation Scene, liJm Boris Godounov Moussorgski Arthur Jacklin. second piano Avc Maiia Arcadelt Orchestra Kenneth Roquemore, Conceit-Master Pi elude to Die Meistersiiigei
Wagner
Russian Sailor’s Dance from the Red Poppy Gliere
University Choir
Arthur Jacklin, accompanist Set Down Servant Shaw
Carolyn Wood, Contralto Paul Harrington, Baritone
Prexy Says University Will Be Open T0 Greater Number Of Women Students
By Elaine Ahrens
“How long will women be allowed to stay at the University?” This and many similar questions were answered yesterday by President E. C. Elliott before a group of coeds in Eliza Fowler Hall. He explained that the University will be open to women next fall in larger numbers that ever before. President Elliott also urged coeds to come back to school this summer, unless they have something better to do which has a direct relation to the war. For some students who are not taking technical training in fhe University, he explained that coeds would gain good spiritual training
from the dirt, drudgery and dreariness of a defense plant. Pres. Elliott concluded the convo with these words: “We are doing things we never did^ before. As we go stumbling at times, let us keep our courage and good nj^ure." The following are among the questions and answers presented before
the groups of coeds:
Will Women’s Jobs Be Frozen “Will women be frozen in their jobs?” That will depend whether the job is essential or non-eSsential. It also depends on the passage of the Austin-Wadsworth bill in one form or another. If it passes as is, you may be told into what job you have an obligation to go. “Will a civil service job be binding as to time of agreement, that is for the duration and not more than six months?” That also depends upon the passage of the above bill. Woman’s prerogative to change her mind will probably remain. • What Jobs Should Women Take? “Should women in the University take jobs in their fields, or take jobs more directly associated with war?” Coeds should take jobs first in^au industry which is a direct contributory to the war, if they are quali-
fied.
Will Sorority Houses Be Taken? “Will soi'ority houses be "Ciiken over in time?” Present judgment is that they will not be taken over and there is not much chance that they will be taken over next year. It is the present intention of the University to continue to train as many women as will come into the University. “Under what conditions will sororities be taken ?” The same method will be used as was used to take over the fraternities and Only if it is agreeable with the organization. Will WRH Be Open? “Will WRH be open next fall?” Yes, if you come back. It was, however, suggested to upperclassmen living in the halls, that they be sure of other accommodations just in case such a situation should arise. Soldiers Will Be On Campus “What men will be on the campus ? ” President Elliott replied that approximately two to three thousand men In uniform would be on the campus—“enough to satisfy the most discriminating demands.” “How long will women be allowed to stay at the University?” I hope until they graduate. “If they do stay, will they only be able to take technical courses?” The answer is no. It may be that certain departments will be seriously affected, however, coeds will have as much opportunity for the duration as they had before the beginning of the war. All Schools Open To Women “Will all the schools in the University be open to women?” They always have and alway will be; in fact, more should be open. “Should coeds join the army or navy auxiliary corps?” If such an organization will have you, join! President Elliott’s advice ^o the undergraduate was that she be sure of enough training to be able to hold more than just one kind of a-job. He further emphasized the need for well-trained clerjical workers including typists and stenographers.
Engineer Will Hold Callout For Frosh, Sophs Monday At 4 Edit, Business Staffs Want Cadettes, Coeds The Purdue Engineer announces that callouts will be held Monday in room 380 of the Union at 4 p. m. for freshman and sophomore engineers; coed engineers and Cadettes are especially wanted for positions on the editorial and business staffs. Those who join the staff of the Engineer will be able to acquire skill in technical joumalism and in the mechanics of magazine publication, according to its editor. Jack Kimbrell. Has Wide Circulation The Engineer is not only sent to 30 other colleges, universities, and 250 libraries, including the International Science Museum Library in London, but also to 25 manufacturing concerns of national impor-
tance.
Two articles which appeared recently in the Engineer have been reprinted m nationally known magazines, Science and Discoverj and Radio-Craft. Received Manj Citations Along -with 25 other college engineering magazines, the Purdue Engineer is a member of Engineering College Magazines Associated, and has received many citations from this organization for “best editoilals”, good illustiations, and for campus news coveiage. Robertson To Speak Tonight Tonight, Dr. C. H. Robertson will give the fifth in his series of lectures in loom 355 of the Union. He will discuss “A Celebrated Scientific Experiment that Failed and Some Woiuleiful Results that Came From It.” This is one of his lectuies on thinking, leaiiiing, and living. Dr Robertson will also discuss Einstein’s theoiy of relativity which he claims is within the range of everyone’s understanding. “In order to fully understand any subject,” he said, “one must be able to see it as a whole.”
Committee Advises Cash Payments The Senior Prom Committee advises that in all cases possible corsages for tonight’s Prom b« paid cash for when ordorqd QC delivered. The suggestion is mad« due to the fact that with the uncertainty as to the length ^ the students’ stay at the UniveisUy, it is undesirable for theot to incur debts that might renultt unpaid when they leave.Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March S, 1943 ^
Purdue Exponent
'' Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary Editor William G. Hoskin
Willi llio t olor*i
Editor Bnainoas Manager News Editor Managing Editor Senior Ad\crlising Manager Sports Editor Coed Editor Coed Business Exeruti>e
Dole E. But Gerhard H. Klouman Uobert W. BoswinkU Sail} Bo ' James G. Pettj Joseph S. Dawson Joan I.-, . A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Stall Associate Editors: F J. \ogh J f Bichnrd^'On. T E. Tiltoi W. H. T>son, V\'. L. Vermilion, M L Smith, C. G. Martindoll, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Pnyllis Mann, Martha Lee Riggs, Carolyn Wilhur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sotvards, J Ackerman, D. Shryer, E. Smith
Business Staff Assistant Advertising Manager: J Filpi. Advertisin,g Managers: J Flexon, C, Gaunt, J. McCullough J. Tahh. Circulation Manager: R H Kroephn. Accounts Manager: Mary Flits.
Editor-in-Chiet
The Purdue Independent
. Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindcll Sports Editor: Shryci Day Editor: Ahrens Issue Editor: Mitche” Workers: Gregoi\. Speck, HeliTiich, Ljnch, Peterson. Dominik, Williams, Steftes, Lipes.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act of October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thur-dr\. Friday and Sunday mornings during the year. Delicercd locally by carrier for $1.70 for a semester or S3.00 for two seniesters ; by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3..70 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave , New York, N. Y.
One day a German officei said to a olo.se-mouthod loyal Dutchman. “Who jj behind the le i.stance t'lten by youi people?” “Oiilj one man,” was tlu rcjilj , “and ho ib dead.” “\N hat was iiir-, name?” purhued thu officer. “Vi’illiam the .Sileiu,” icphed the Dutchman. Altei the atltmincd bomlnng of Hitler in the Munch Brauhaus bLcami hnown, the lollowing- notices appealed in the window., oi seveial liutcher shops in P.ag-Lie iht next moininp. “Theie will uri oi tnnati ly hi' no laid oi iioik today a.s till' iwjiu wasn’t itdled iday.” A Gtrnian teachei asked a Luxeinbouig school Rirl to nanii one oj her coiuito '.s pieai lulei.s and without hebuation she leplied, “The Grand Duchess Cliailottn.” Nettled, the man asked saicasticall.s, “And who fUd, leaving the jitople in the lurch?” The whole da.ss nnsweied in choju.s; “HERS,”
Draft Boards Have Been Wrong Before According to a .sitory tvhich appeared in yesterday morning’s Exponent, college students w^ho are registered under the Selective Service Act and w'ho are enrolled in certain specified courses, will be deferred from the draft if they are in good standing with the University. At first inspection, this ruling seems to favor the students who are registered under the draft and to hit below the belt those students who have been inducted into the Enlisted Reserve. However, it might be well to point out that the Army has made statements before and that the Army ha.s also changed its mind. The announcement w'ill govern the deferment of students for the present, but it should be remembered that it will be exceedingly difficult for draft boards to continue to defer students after they start inducting married men with families. According to the latest reports the inducting of men who had families before Pearl Harbor will begin about July 1. Therefore, it would seem unwise for students to assume that their deferments will last much longer than the middle of the summer. Also tremendous pressure will be exerted on the deferred student.s by their classmates in the service and many of them will probably volunteer for induction. Although the Enlisted Reservi.sts appear to have been betrayed by the announcement of deferment in the draft, they still have some definite advantages over the deferred students. In the first place, the members of the Enlisted Reserve may be sent back to school after a short indoctrination period at government expense and receive a salary at the same time. Also the Enlisted Reservists will be relieved from the constant worry of being reclassified and inducted which will continually face the deferred students. Although the students registered under the draft are likely to feel that they will benefit under the new orders, it would be well for them to remember that orders put out by the Selective Service have been known to have been changed on short notice. CiUTently they can build their plans upon the basis of deferment, but under present cii’cumstances it would certainly .seem unwise for them to build up what may become false hopes by thinking that they will be deferred until graduation. —d.e.h. The Office of War Information has received the following .siorie.s winch are being cnculated undergi'ound in Occupied Europe. The.se .stones, passed from person to pel son, .serve to keep up the morale of oppressed peoples,: Norwegian patiiots in a Tiondheim movie palace were astonished to see a piopaganda film showing the Geiman force.s giving iood to the Norwegian civil population. Foi a few minutes ihey were too amazed to speak. Then one ol them stood up and ciicd, “Stop! You’re running the film backwaids ”
qte msMioK >, tm S P.l OH Merry-go-round By DREW PEARSON FDR Wiras Place As War Leader, NegSect- Of Home Affairs Threafei^s To Kill Peace Victory WASHINGTON—Franklin Roosevelt this week begins his eleventh and probably toughest year in office. It will be tough not because of the war, which is in good shape, but because of increasing battles on the home front. Nothing can ever detract from the long-view record of Roosevelt as a great war leader. But in winning the war, Roosevelt’s greatest danger is that he may lose the battle at home—not for himself, not for the Democratic Party (which are not important), but for the hopes and ideals of the American people. There is nothing so dangerous as repeated disillusionment. And if the American people were to suffer the same shattered hopes again as after the last war; if they were to see their permanent peace dreams go up in smoke; if they ivere to experience the anguish of another depression, and the hatreds of violent internal wrangling, then our political system might not weather the strain. That is why some of the President’s friends wish, and have tactfully suggested, that he follow Abraham Lincoln’s example of devoting more time to domestic problems. The war, they feel, is well under way. The main spade-work has been done. It is no longer necessary to watch all the details. Meanwhile, a lot of disagreeable politics has been going from bad to worse for lack of Roosevelt’s masterful touch. « Abe LincoSn's Politics Lincoln, faced with a tragic war and a difficult home front, divided his time between them. He listened patiently to almost every disgruntled politician with an axe to grind, struggled to keep his political sup-
port.
Roosevelt, faced with the same problem, has spent his time almost exclusively on the war. Much of this is necessary. But the President carries it to oxtrames. He makes it a point to know the location of almost every destroyer in the fleet, discusses the details of ship design, even took time to sketch a plan for the shrubbery of the new Naval Hospital. Actually, the President is re-living his old days as assistant secretary of the navy, days which he loved ,days when he could afford to take time for ship design and admirals. But now a political empire is disintegrating around him, with a foreign policy necessarily so difficult that its intricacies may sour a naturally isolationist American people. ® FDR'S RigbS' Hand In the ten years he has been in office, Roosevelt has not really changed. But the people around him have. And in all the reams w'ntten about Roosevelt after a decade in the MHiite House, no one has emphasized the most important change in his staff’. It is his faithful personal secretary Miss Marguerite (Missy) Le Hand. Few people knew it, but it was Missy who every evening after the stream of calleis left, got the “Chief” alone and made him make important decisions. Postponement of decisions 7\'hich may jar people’s happiness is natural for any picsident. And FDR is no exception. But Missy lived on the theoiy that there was no use putting off till tomoirow what you could do today, and .«he saw that the “Boss” lived up to it. FuiLliermorc, when ho made his decisions, slie was always in there fighting for the little fellow. Today, Missj is ill, a casualty of the tiemendous pressure of White Hoii.s-e work. In her place are Harry Hopkins, a worse procrastinator that Roosevelt and General “Pa” Watson who shields his chief from unpleasant things with a euitain of gold braid. The earthy, plebeian, do-it-today influence of Mi.ssy Le Hand is gone. ® Ed Flynn's Defeat That, perhaps, is one leason wliy, when a White House order comes thiough, it frequcmtly hapiiens that the cabinet officer oi aclminisliation sub-com-mandcr waits about two day.s befoie carrying it out. This occurred in the case of Ed Flynn. Back in 1940 when Jim Farley got out of the Democratic National Committee, FDR persuaded Flynn to liecome chaii'inan. lie didn’t want the job, but the Pi-csident said, “You can resign and become an ambassador after the campaign is over.” “All right I want to go to Mexico,” Flynn replied. Latei, the State Department objected to Mexico but agreed to Austialia, and the President told hi.s secretary Grace Tulley to have press relations secietary Steve Early issue an official statement. But Steve waited two days. Flynn, having leceived word diiect from the President as to when the White Hou.se statement would be issued, went ahead with his announcement in New' York. He did not know that Presidential orders don’t mean so much these days with White House .sub-commanders. Two days later, w'hen Steve Early got around to it, he issued his announcement, but by that time Flynn was out on a limb. To the Senate it loolied as if he had torced Roosevelt’s hand. That two day delay was what defeated Flynn—a defeat which Roosevelt could not aft’ord—the first defeat of its kind since the Civil M ar. And it set a precedent. The Senate now knows its strength and is challenging many White House appointments. ® Roosevelt's War Cabinet In 193.” Roosevelt’s cabinet was selected with extreme caie to represent every section ot the electorate. There w'as George Dern of Utah as Secretary of Wai, repiesenting western Demociats; Homer Gummings of Connecticut, representing New England; Henry Wallace, Secretaiy of Agriculture to replesent midwest faimeLs; tordell Hull to icprescnt free-traders ot tlie South; Jim Farley' to repicsent Irish Catholics; and Ickes of Illinois to represent libel al Bull Moose Republicans who voted for Roosevelt. But his present cabinet is a patchwork quilt, built at random. It is neither renowned for administrative ability noi gives him political strength with the eountiy. Only two men, Coidell Hull with the Democialic Party, and Harold Ickes with the Bull Moo.jC libeiaN, still cairy the poliueal iVeight for w'liich they weie oiiginally .selected. ) J he manner in whitli the A(|ministration is being shoved all ovoi Cupitul Hill, the increasing glee with which Congress is running the Executive by the simple expedient of cm tailing funds, all indicate that Abe fnncohi was right, and that Roosevelt has got to give more time to disagreeable Senators than to Harry Hopkins, it he is to .save the peace after the war—-the only thing we are really fighting lor. (Cnpyriglit, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc )
Got The Measles? . . .
■Stydent Reveils Fate Of Measles Cases ■
9tv Jha.
By Peggy Steffes “You have the measles.” These words, spoken by Doctoi .7 Bertha Rose and S. J. Miller of the Student Health Service, have been striking tenor in the hearts of eds and coeds for the last three weeks. Let us set the scene for the diagnosis of a typical three-day measle case. A green horn with a ruddily iinhcalthful facade staggers into Doctor Miller’s hide-out. He is promptly ushered into the inner office, where the cotton plaid shirt is dragged Tiom his back. After leering w'ith a piofcssional eye at the kid’s nicely blossoming epidermis, the doctor pronounces the fatal words, whereupon, the student grabs his toothbi ush and hops a bus for the local bughouse (contagion ward). Pretty Nurse . . . W^oo Woo! Here a prety nurse, after looking him over for size, presents the now blood-shot eyed patient with a
finger-tip lengih gown boosting an air-conditioned liack, and tells him lo lay down and close his eyes bofoi e he bleeds to death. Bright and early the next morning (at G:15 to be exact) our unsuspecting friend-feels a lon.g, cold cylinder being thrust ujider his tongue and fingers touring his arm for the pulse-beat. Soon a would-be breakfast is set on the frosh’s W'ateiy knees, and lie can’t decide between the lesser of two evils— going hungiy or eating' the stuff. After a long mental struggle he eats, and spends the lest of the day wishing intestines had teeth. “Doc” Sits In Later we find “Doc’’ Miller sitting on the patient’s bed w'liting the case histoiy — “cais negative, heart negative, head negative, etc.” All very enlightening. Finally, after four days of such maltreatment, the student is honorably discharged and comes back to civilization with nothing but memoiies.
The Book Worm Says:
By Marv Jane Carr The day must dawn by Agnes Tiunbull is one of those rare novels you’ll not want to put aside until you’ve read the last page. The setting is Hannastown, Pennsylvania, during the Revolutionary War, and the background of that momentous period of history lends a significance to the events taking place in the .small settlement. Although the characters and plot are fictitious, Hannastown really existed. It was located just west of the Appalachian mountains, and at that time was one of the most advanced points on the ever extending frontier. However, the tow’ii is there no longer, foi, it was never resettled after being burned by Indians. We become acquainted with the problems and struggles of the inhabitants through the daily life of the Murray family and their neighbors, who live in constant danger of unfriendly Indian^. Martha W'as An Easterner Martha had never become accustomed to the hard life of a pioneer w'ifo. She had lived in the East until she maiiicd Sam Mini ay, the type of man who felt crowded as soon as the comfo) ts^ of an established community crept up to the wild frontiei which he" loved. Maitha constantly longs for the leisurely living, real china dishes, and afternoon tea parties of her giilhood, and her one ambition is that her daughtei, Viokt, will lotuui East to live. Hugh IS a tobter .son oi the Murrays. He and ot-hci young men of the neighborhood make plans to join General George Rogei.= Clark’' force in an attempt to take Detroit from the British by sailing down the Ohio, up the Wabash, and then
marching overland. The little group has bad luck from the start. It fails to meet Clark at the appointed time and place, and when provisions and ailnmimition run out, the men are captured by Indians. The eventful escape of Hugh and one other man is miraculous. Although a love interest between Hugh and Violet j-uns through the story, the reader’s first interest will be the picture of the life of Hannastown. The homes, clothing, and food are coarse and crude. Death links in the woods at the edge of town, and we are constantly aware of the deep hatred between the pioneers and the Indians. The climax is the final destruction of Hannastown in an Indian raid. This and the death of Martha causes the remaining member.s of the Murray family to establish a home in the Ohio country, a still newer frontier just opening up.
WHA.. TODAY and TOMORROW %1 bullets TALK!
West Lafayette Bapli.st Church Corner of Cliauncey and Columbia 9:30 — Roger Williams Foundation Class Hour with P;:of. Eric Greenfield, teacher. 10:35—Church Worship. Sermon, “The Man Who Betrayed II ts Speech,’’ by the pastor. The music will be by the choir and directed by Gruvor Price. 5:30—Roger Williams Foundation fellowship hour and supper. 6:30—Forum Hour. The discussion will be led by George Black, a senior, on the subject of “What Is Personal Religion?” University Presbyterian Church 9:30—^Sunday School. 10:00—Mr. Shaw’s sermon, “The Great Interrogation,” deals with the problem of suffering. Organ numbers will be the “Offertoirc” by Dubois, “Chanson” by Groton, and “March of the Noble” by Keats. 6:00—Sunday Evening Club. Wesley Foundation Sunday Program (Located directly acros fiom the Lilnary) 9:30 a. m. The Student Church School. Two classes concerning the Bible are offered every Sunday morning. These include: (1) A Skeptic Looks at the Bible, taught by the Rev. E. R. Balslcy, and (2) The Great Idea’s Of The Bible, taught Ijy Prof. D. H. Patterson. The worship services are m charge of Wayne Meek. 10:40 a. m. Morning Worship Seivice. (At the church). Dr. Otto Scott Slcclo will speak on the theme: “The Supreme Dedication.” Special music will be furnished by the Paul Tinchcr Smith Memorial Choir under the diicction of Mrs. Helen Anderson, 5:15 p. m. The Univeisity of Christion Living. 5:15—The Fellow.ship Supper. 6:30—The Univcrity Classes—1. Christian Homemaking. 2. A Philosophy foi the Day in which Wo Live. 3. Good Neighbors in the World of Tomoirow. ' 7:30—Closing Worship Period.
News For And Of The Gals Ward 11 clinched the intramuyal basketball tourney biy defeating the Kappa Alpha Thetas, 25 to 12. Ttois is the third intvamural championship the Amazons of Ward 11 have captured this season. Ward’ 111 placed third over the Alpha Chi i Omega team. —WAA— Lois Ver Hoeven, one of our PE majors, has planned a Playday for the younger generation of West Lafayette girls frpm 10:00 to 12:00 Saturday morning. The gh'ls, whpse ages range from 6 to 12 years, are to participate in relays, stunts, and games. —WAA— , Eveiyone interested in having a good time is invited to the Women’s Gym Friday evening from 7:30 to 10:00. Come at any time and leave when you get ready. This is your chance to get a date, boys! You can participate in badminton^ shuffleboard, ping pong, or fencing. There will be swimming' from 8:00 .to 9:00. Bring your friends and come lo the gals gym for a lot of fun. E. I. Higgs . . . editor of the Connersville N e w s - E X a m i n e r, was initiated Tuesday night into the University Chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, pational professional journalism society as an associate member. At present, Higgs is a member of the Indiana General Assembly.
MAAf LAST TIMES TODAY - n (\ \
PLUS SECOND H5T 4T'S SESTETS OF T with Mn HUBBARE; Virginifl GREY Olin HOWtiN
ARC
TODAY SATURDAY
iii®
STARRING HUGH HERBERT TOM BROWN
ALSO
LAST CHAPTER "PERILS OF NYOKA" plus COLOR CARTOON
FRIDAY - SATURDAY -DOUBLE FEATURE—
Eommuce RioCraadc CESAR iioMERO as “The Cisco Kid” PLUS
by LOUIS BROMFIELD A 20th Ctotaxy'Fox Picturt utaniag na I'vronc deorgo WPOraMEIIT
uimmt TODAY and TOMORROW
TiMi Om.o.POU CARgFRii FUS^I When the war correspondent came home and found his wife IN ARMSI (a couple of other svys!)
STARTS MiDNiTE PREVUE SAT. n:15 ERROL FLYNN OLIVIA DEHAVILLAND — IN — THEY DIED WITH THEIR eOOTS ON
lEKN DUflAS 'HEAltrS FOR JULIA" with LEE BOWMAN < RICHARD AINIEY MARTA LINDEN • REGINALD OWEN FELIX BRESSART Story and Scroon Play by Uonol Mootnr Directed by RICHARD THORPE Produced by JOHN W. CONSIDINE, Jr. V
MAMS TOMORROW —ONE DAY ONLY • ON OUS STAGE # iN PERSON THAT GREAT PERSONALITY OF CBS, NBC AND MUTUAL NETWORKS "RUSS CARLYLE" HIS ORCHESTRA and REVUE
FEATURING
TERRY RYAN at tine Piano
HAMMY ADLER Character Novelties
GEORGIE KAYE Romantic Tenor
—ON THE SCREEN— THE ANDREWS SISTERS '^How"s Aboufr li""' — vriTii — l!OB''RT PAICE -- GRACE McDONALO
THE CARLYLE GLEE CLUB THE DIXIELAND SIX TyE RHYTHMAiRES THIO THE MELODY MEN QUARTETTE HOFFMAN £r KAY Comedy Acrobatic PAUL & PETTIT Novelty Acrobatic Act
— ADMISSION — 11:45 0 m fo 1:45 p. m. all seats 33c 1 :‘fS p. 1.1. lo 5:00 p. oi. all seats 40c 5:00 p m. to closing— B.-'Icony 40c Main Floor 50e Children all day 17c
STAGE SHOWS AT 1:16—3:34—5:52—8:01—10:10I
Frpiday^ March 5, 1943
Boilermaker Sports
Pdge 3,
REMEMBER!! Save March 27 For BOILERMAKER RELAYS
1 'Pym
The
I p? wyL f «■
SpoJdA,
4. ; 2;,.
kdmsL
lW. :
By Joe Dawson
1 haa beta caliiu ilnl tb il 65 000 Iclcplioiic (alls ik u(.ccb&ai) in tin biiildiiii^ ol one 10,000 Ion < u^o alup Anil Aincin. i la stniliu^ iIk sl \ < ^st 1-, tl()>s n ibt is is s li) llu huiulietla
Wl < lunol build ad lilion d f u iljlii s bci ius( in Uciials foi ItlcplioiK < ([uqniicnl iic ^oiiij into sv u sveapons Ycl loday llu luoii uul ssomcn ol llu. Btll Sysitiii lu handling inoii l(.kplu)U( < ills lli in i ii btloic— iboiil 90 million constra ilioiis i dii> il s in inipoi I ml ss u liiiic job II svill touUnuc lo bi done sscll
Big Ten Trackmen And Swimmers Meet Today
Many Records Expected To Fall As Runners Gather In Chicago
► Relays Beginning To Take Form Aftei about v months piclimin iiits devoted entiiely to (><|iui il u langements and a fess majoi detiils the loni, asv uted Piiidije Relays are now veiy definitely beginning to tike foim Committees ri ive been appointed and ihtady lie beginning to function is epu ite units ssoil ing foi the same end To mike the Keli^s i ssoithwhile enjoy iblo show both foi the contestiiits incl loi tlie tiael tins ssho svill svitne s the event All of the small dotils have nitui illy not been ssoil ed out as yet, but we cm now got a geiiei il pietuie ol sshit to expect on the night of Maich 27 ► 25 To 30 Teams To Compete At the pit'enL time ibout 25 oi >0 colleges iiid univeisities h ivc le cepted invititions to com lete in the Rel ss This include ibout six oi eight Confeience schools in iddition to s ch ]Ksveiliil te ims it Notie Dame Michigan St ite ind Te is to mention i less Although team iel lys Will doniinite the event theie svill be lescith less sevenl outstanding individual i ices md field event ► Decorated Like A Three Ring Carews Accoidmg to svoid fioni the dceoi ition committee the I leldhoiise ssill be spiuced up like i thiee iing eiicus It is lil ely tint i bind svill he set up 111 one end ot the iieni to idd i lot oi coloi and plenty of noise to the occasion Sevcial luindied box sects ssill be tempoi iiily eon stiucted downstans undei the b ileonies to ive some liels people i little bettei viess of the entiic peiloiniinee These sects svill go oi Ic at $166 Geneial admission svill be 50c foi students $1 10 ^oi townspeople ► Track To Be Shortened In oidei to give eveiyone i eleii viesv ol the complete shosv the ti icl will likely be moved out fiom undei the 1 aleony nd in close tos u Is the centei This svill iiecessititc the hoitening oJ tl e ti lek tc one tenth of a mile The dash lunsvays ss ill piob ibly lun di i on illy iciosstl centei of the Fieldhouse The pole s iilt ind bio id jump pits ss 11 be placed in stiategic il spots pi i lily 111 s ossctcseijon picscit ► Queen Will Reagn Over Relays A queen and hei eouit ss ill be elected shoitly belc 1 c tl Ucliy 1 i gi ovei this gall eiiiilval An el iboi ite coioi ition eeiemony ssill be lie'd for a few minutes eailv in th esci ii iltc si h t' giils will ici i n on a special plitloini lo gise out the is id \ lelij minigei will be appointed in the i c\ tci lys to 1 elp PI illips on the hiiiKhcd md one details svhich must be ssoil ol oi t piopeilv in oidei Li suceessfilly pet over this fiist Piuduc Relijs esent
turned in so lar this season They aie the broad jump, the high lump, the halt mile and
IM Schedules
expected to be the
event of the meet
Heib Mattel of Illinois his il e idy bett icd the bio id jump mail in clu il meet competition this sea son The bioid\iunip svas fii'-t add ed to the list in indooi events in 1)11 sshen Inch in i s Bob Bui nett ss in it 22 feet 7 b inches Last vni i lump of 2o feet ‘IVi inches I y 1 CO riiniei of loss i bioke Bui netts eeoicl M ittei s best jump this se ison w is m inch ovei this
m 111
Hodgell of Wisconsin
Bob Hodgell Wisconsin s out stmding poifoimei m the jump leipcd 6 feet Gti inches in eon j etition 1 ist s eel This is with
outstanding g vs Caiy Hall 3 Ref
eiees Pilaiski S Rudasics
The following teams svill entei into the single elimination play offs m the Inter Fiatcinity Volleyball Tuesday evening at 7 00 Couit 1—Theta Xi vs Sigma Nu Couit 2—Phi Delta Theta vs Theta T lu Couit 3—Alph i Chi Rho vs Phi K ipp i Couit 4—Beta Iheta Pi vs Phi Kapp i Sigma
7 30
Couit 1—Winnei of Phi Delta
high Theta and Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa
Alpha
Couit 2—Winnei of Theta Xi md
11 ^ of an inch ol the confeience Sigma Nu vs Alph i Gamma Rho
1 end s^t by Disc Albiittni of
0 c M itv. 11 10 8
Bob Ulci ofMichigm defending AlphiFpsilon
champ 1 m 1 leeoid holdei m the 440 ssill be b lel in n effoit o Cl lel his own iiul Also comiii^ lo the meet lie the si ne thice men svho 1 m second thud and fouith co
C oui t 3—^Wmnei Beta Theta Pi md Phi Kappa Sigmi ss Sigma
SHARIA DELI V PSI
Sigma Delta Psi tests will be \ en each Monc ay Week esday and
ciei in list yeti s meet md they ^ ^ mteiested
in til n., these tests pleise lepoit
ue c peeled to piwh him foi lus quutci mile ciossn Ufei s iccoid ioi tils event is 48 1 m iknij him ) c ol thiec men in the histois oC L Ten in looi li lel to bicil 1)
eon 1
I fc1 ! ough li 1 cet w tl Ohi ) Stitc list w el Ufei ss is die to le it Ivi s Owen bi some foiii y iids Hoss cv 1 Os e s ( xpeeted tc gise I i 1 1 iougl est competition i he fin isl d eeon 1 to U ci in 1 ist vc ii s meet u 1 le t him foi time out
CIO n s
The oldest B g Ten leeoid is the i uith 1 111 sshieli is in dii,,ei ol bein^ bio) eii This is the hilf mile leccid ci 1 5*’0 set in lOo! ly Lhuli Hoinbistle ol Inch m i In 1 1 1 e t M idison thiec ssceks igo M ncsot i s I ilph P( hi md i 11 i 1 si 6 h If mile (Ises I as( ri'cl ''I chig u s tl lel c mi is the f i
to the 1 tl iniui il Office in the I lel 11 luse it this time The Swim II n Test svill be ven this I iid ly eseiiin If sou hive til>en othei tests Ol 1 ive net tal cn the swim mum test 1 yet jile ise do so at this time V lis of the tests to be giv n c ic Mond is Wednesday md I lid i\ ssill appe ii in the Exponent tl e day beloie they ue to be ^iven
ml bioid iLinpei D dies Dupie Dipie IS iccovciing f oin a leg in )uiy md if his loeovcij is complete tilt Buckeyes ssill be laid to beat Ol 10 btdtc will il o be ssithout the scivice (f Bob Wi ght one of the finest huidleis th t tin Bm Ten his csei seen Wiight has been in elij ible since the fust of the bc is in Riseter Squad Boilciinakei uacl co ich Heimon 1 1 ill ps left this moining ssith pait
of the Rivetei tiack squad and he
voi itc 111 the meet in viess ol the ssill be joined b\ Assistant Co leh
7 ’ t( 2b’ tl mining tl it they h mded Ohio St ite s defenclii ^ ehuipion li t sscel Othei f ivoi lies 11 id lition to tlic Buel eyes aie M se( n 111 md Illinois Oh 1 0) 1 inge i n the conch tic n ol then st ii piintci hiudlei
Ilomei Allen and the icmaindei ot the Boileiniakei sqi id tonight Ihc e miking the tup ue Geoigc Aichei Bill B inckei Pied Kindei Ralph Baines Don Newman Chuck Dueslei Wes Calhoun Bob Young md Geoige Piinssvoith
JOEL A PETEHSOM, M. D. Amioiwces the Ope)inig of Officer at 609 Iafayette Life Buildi>ig Piait/cc Limited to I )c 1 ai Noic and 1 hi oat
il®w CilR^K ose tlae eiWiilJliN rMNTf
As a student you ve doubtless astcc' yourself imny times ssbdl you ought to do to help win tin s ar What cm you study that sv ll be of practinl assi tance' The Retad Buteau it the University of Pittsbu gh is offering a nesv opportunity to college uopciclassmcn to be ti lined for a sueccs fill career in retail ag s hilc j aining ictiul svorking expo lienee at a steady sveckly salat> You svill iceeivc ie„ul u undei giaduate credit lor your svoik it the Buteau you 11 eatn a weekly income in a Pittsbuigh dcpaitment state you 11 ha 1 lal mg a definite contnbution to civilian ss irtime morale—it the same time pthng up cvpeiicnee tosvucl i car ci Pitts Retail Buieau c line into btinj during Woild Wn I to help ictalleis tcplace exeeiaivis md juniot occutives lost to the aimed forces md gosetninent scivices In thu war weie biingmg 21 years of sueeessful store seiviee to the pioblem of tl iininj new people And we believe opportunities in letiilliig hue nevti been grcitei than (hey ate tight now NEW SCMESrtRS BEGIN MONDAY. JUNE 20 AND SEPTEMBER 27 1943
At liL itton blanks wdl le furmshtd on requist mEmcM BmEM m mmh iMmm UNIVERSITY OF PITTSBURGH • Piflsburgh Pa
Atfenfion!
The pid annual Big Ten indooi track meet will be held in the Univeisity of Chicago Fieldhouse this afternoon and tomonow night Some 200 athletes repiesentmg the various conieience school will compete, and it is expected that seveial recoids will fall by the wayside before the meet is complete Four lecords m paiticular are threatened, m view of perfoimances that have been -
The Big Tell wiesthng matches yvtil open this afternoon at Noith western Umseisitv not in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse as was cironeouslv reported m Thuis day’s COED EDITION —Ye Sports Eds
Michigan Squad Again Favored In Tankfest At Northwestern
Ihc final Caiy Hall basketball
1 , , J.1 aar, games will be played Friday eve the quartei mile, with the 440 5 at 7 00 on Comt i-
Relays Seek Trial To Find Baseball's Fleetest Sprinter
One of the greatest assaults on swimming records in Big Ten history is m the piospe^t when the annual conference meet IS held at Noi th western Friday and Saturday Although every school in the conference has entered a team, the major share ot the lecord smashing is expected to be taken care of by paddleis from Michigan and Ohm State Both squads are power laden, having between them bettered five confeience marks in dual
Whos the fastest man in niajoi league baseball'' At least a paitial answei to the oft asked question may be piovided at the Pin due Relays to be held heie Satuidiy Match 27 Coach Heimon Phillips Puiduo Relays Duectoi revealed today that invitations have been extended to the six njajoi league teams that have selected spiing tiaining sites m Indiana to select by any method of then choosiDj, one of then pliy eis to compete m a special GO yaid Baseball Dash Run In Uniforms It is proposed tint the entiies nominated by the six mijor league dubs would run m reguln baseball unitorm in a special event to bo in coipointed m the Relajs pioj ram A suit ible trophy would be aw iided the winner with ined ils to the otlier plrce winneis The distince to be covered in the dish GO yaids 01 180 ieet is equnalent to the distance co\eied in 1 icing from home pi ite to seconJ base on i two baggei Se\enl Clubs Invited The clubs in\ itcd to pa t cip 0 in the baseball d rsh include the Chi cago Cubs md Chicago White Sox who will be tiainmg at Iionch Lick the Pittsbuigh Pii ites who will woil out it Muncie the Cm cinniti Reds slated for Blooming ton the Detroit figeis who will tiain at Evansnlle md tlie Clevc 1 ind Indians who will stait then spini„ w oil out;, in the Puulue Fieldhouse licie on Maich 15 Picliniinaiy reports from col leges and universities invited to mil e entiles for the Purdue Relays indic ite th it between 25 and 30 teams fiom ill puts of the eouii tiy will compete loi honors m the legulu cients on a last moMiig pi ogiam I ollow 111^ the Big Ten ti aek meet it Cliieago this weel end Miehi an stais will paiticipate in it leist loui indooi leliy cainuils betore the end of March Bob Ufei Capt Drve Mattlie \& md the Wolverines two mile relay team w ill 1 un in the K ot C f,amcs it New York March 1 md a weel latei they will paiticipite also in the Chica..,o relays On Much 26 C ich Kenneth Doherty will take his out tandmg K of C ^allies theie ind on the followday the Wolveimcs will compete in the Puiduc Relays at L it lyette
DR PAULA RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RI«K
— DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main Sts Phone 5701
meets this season, and aie not only expected to lead the attack on the records but thev are also expected to figure heavily in the final point total Members of these two squads have turned in the best times m every event during the season and it is a foregone conclusion th it the fight for the title rests between Matt Mann s Wolverines and Mike Pep pe s Buckey es Counsilman Out Fuithci light w IS thrown on this two y ly SCI ible by the announce nent tint Jim Counsilman Ohio s outstanding bieast strokei has been called to active duty with the Army Air Coips Counsilman a sophomoie has loyvered the 200 ■y ud breast stroke record 1 8 sec onds md w is i sure bet to set a m yy conicicnce record for this dis t incc This coupled yvith the fact t t Michig 11 his tiiumphed over rhe Bud eyes m tyvo dual meets duiin the p ist campaign gives the nod to the Woh times to wall off w ith the ci ow n The meet this yen yyill folloyy" tic piogi im of the national col legi lie touiiiimeiit in which finds in five events yvill lie held Friday md the lem lining foiii events Sit uidiy Aiiothci innovation this yeu yyill be the holding of fresh min competition m the 300 y ud medley relay md the 400 yaid fiec style 1 elly 1 ivt Maiks Bettered Included m the file confeience mails bi.tteied in the Michigan Ohio State dual meets are the loO y ud b icl btiol e the 300 yard med lev rel ly the 400 y ud liee style relay the 220 yard free style and the 200 yud breast stroke Hury Holiday Michigan s bul hint sophomore b ck stroker knoel ed 3 5 seconds off the 150 yard bad stiole marl whdn he swim the distance in 1 o3 j Molveimes dso tool cue of the oOO and 400 yud idiys with ci id relay teams which hive consistently swum un del the existing cont-'ience iccoics The 220 ud fiee style time was i Buckeye contnbution to the tearing doy n of the record books In this cyrnt Keo \ i! ima of Hrwaii nosed out Michigan s captain Johnny Patten in the tii le ol 2 12 7 bet tci ng the conn'denco mul ot .. lu 1 Counsilm 111 ol com sc yyas icsponsible for the bcttciing of the 200 V ud brcist stioke record In addition to then super louty m tlicsc cyents both teams have out stindmg pciioimeis m the reniai i mg foLii events on the piogrim In the fancy diving dcpritment Ohio ofttis such t ilciit rs Miller \ndei so 1 N A A \ ch im non in 1
Faculty Bowling
LEAGUE STANDING Feb 22 26
W
L
Animal Husbandry
50
22
English
50
22
Agricultural Extension
47
25
Civil Engineering
44
28
Poulti y
43
29
Speech
43
29
Physical Plant
43
29
Physics
12
30
Executive
41
31
Flectiical Engineering
39
33
Horticulture
39
33
Agiicultiual Chemistry 1
38
34
Agionomy 2
38
34
Naval Training Station
36
36
Agricultural Engineering
36
36
Chemistiy 2
36
36
Agricultural Chemistry 2
36
36
Daily
36
36
Foiestiy
36
u7
Mechanical Engineering
35
37
Recitation
34
38
Radio Engineeiing
33
39
Agricultural Chemistry 3
32
40
Agionomy 1
32
40
Agiicultiual Exp Station
31
41
Chemistiy 1
30
42
Chemical Engineering
29
43
General Stoies
28
44
General Engineeimg
26
46
Phai macy
26
46
Biology
24
48
Army
20
52
High Team Sets—Horticulture 2809 Pharmacy 2802 Aninral Hus bandry 2793 Chemistry 1 2762 High Team Games—Animal Hus bandry 1048 Horticulture 1044, Physical Plant 1014 Pharmacy
1001
High Individual Sets—Haver camp, 586 Gibbens 5b6 0 C Lee 562 Messenger 560 High Individual Games — Me Maken 241 Scott 238 Frost, 227, Gillim 221 R Mood 221 Hrgh Team Sets to Date—Eng lish 2909 Agi Extension, 2893, Poultiy 2860 Physics 2859 High Team Games to Date—Eng lish 1049 Animal Husbandry 1048 Horticulture 1044 Physrcs
1050
I 1 ml Dempsey delending eoniei ciicc md nation ll collegiitc ch im
pii 11
Pcihips tile one blight spot en
the Boilermaker horizon is Elroy Heidi e the local bieast stioke star whr should battle it out with Mich igan ^ defei ding titlist Jim Skin nei tor the 200 yard breast stroke crown since the favored Coonsrl man s loiced withdrawal Other luminaries are Ernie Vogel, Indiana sophomoie, who remains unbeaten m the 50 and 100 yaiM tree style this season and, as a re suit IS a threat m both of these cyents and the hosts Northwest cm ty\o divers Howie Haynes and Konmt Tiumble who have finished one ty\o in ill ot then meets thi'' se ibon
☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆☆
€E BONDS LIKE YOU NEVER DID BEFORE
Support the JAPAN A21 SINKING FUND
^ WAR SAVINGS BONDS SStAMK■1$ '
MNittiNMirfMilaMMi
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 5, 194^
Repairmen Predict Speedy Recovery
Impression Of America For Heavilon Clock
Kraepelien Tells First
GRIN AND BEAR, nr
By Lkfcty
B> Margaret Bajnes Stockholm, Sweden’s, contribution to the United States, to the University and to Kappa Kappa Gamma is diminutive, bt-ig:ht-eved, biown-haiied Biita Kraepelien who was scholaisbipped to America almost foui yeais ago Looking like a little girl as she nibbled at hei favoiite candy, a chocolate mint, Brita lemmisced in her engaging little Swed-ish-Amencan voice, “Oh, I
chme to America because I’ve ahvaj^s wanted to tiavel and I lUst happened to see the announcement about the scholarship. it couldn’t do any harm to apph for it so I did And[i got it'”
Loaming that she ^\as coming to America Biita hunted out old geographies maps A.tlases and en tjdopedias to locate the Unnei aitv, sure enough aftei a latlorious seaich she extiacted the infoima tion that Lara'S ette m as a place Milh foul lailioad ciossings So cvith this knowledge plus a few onginallv conceived ideas such as that Chicago was a gangstei cit^ with a hog maiket and that sk\ sci-apers weie buildings so enoi mous one couldn’t see the top of them, Bnta sailed foi A.meiica m \ugust 1939 On the ship Mi and Mis Kiaep elien’s onlj child encounteied sea sickness and Ameiican tood foi the first time The chef giadualh ex changed Swedish menus foi Amei lean dishes so Biita was accus tomed to salads and unhead of combinations like cheese with pic hv the time she landed In about a month she had ulapted hei school giil English Icaincd in foui ■yeais at a giils high school to Ameiican slang and w is able to think in English She even dic<iiTis in English now BriU dislikes Indian i vveathei and ice cieam the\ le both too cold She IS astonished because people go to the Sweet Shop to le lax She can speak foui langu iges IS learning Fiench fast She has made a lai^e splash in bWintming skis can st ind up on skates and has high hopes of ^lad uating in A.piil
Faculty Will Sponsor Shakespearian Play In Fowler Hall Monday
Foatuied as the guest night pio giam foi the Univeisity Club next Mondaj at 8 p m w ill be a pi esen tation of one of Shakespeaie s most upioaiious comedies “The Taming of the Sinew which will be cast with foui stai s of stage and scieen The Guest Night committee has announced th it each Univcisit\ Club mcmbeiship will be honoied with foui seats if they iie piesent ed upon entiancc to Elira Fowlei Hall befoie 7 50 p m Aftei th it time an^ icmaining seats will be sold to the gcneial public foi 50 cents pel ticl ct Brilliant Stars Cast In the cast of the play will be Chailes Lum who has ippeaied on the staf,o with such stais as Ethel Baiijmoic ind he is iccognizcd as Amciicas foicmost Shakcspeaiean actoi Othci membeis of the cast include such peisonagcs is Kate Pentzei Stok s who his t ikcn man\ kids on the legitim ite sti„c because of hci iLiiamic pci son il it'^ Otto Biudci i biilli uiL V oiiiir, ictoi who has hid cxpciicncc in stigc ind 1 ic'io woil in Ilollvwood met Sin Fianci«:co mil Pauline Fischci i foimci model whose di i matic cxpciicncc includes --even Mais on the legitimate stige and ficqucnti KUO appe ii uiccs Ihc pi i'\ has been considci iblv stieimlincd in its veision ind it is vci\ well st igcd iiid beiutdulh costumed
Navy Pilot Exams To Be Speeded Up
Personnel Notes
Speeding up of the ex iiiimation of applicants foi \ivy pilot tiain mg undei the new pio^iam which admits 17 veai old high school seniors giaduate'- and college stu dents lb expected dm iiv the next two weeks with the establishment of special tiaveling boaids it was announced toda'v b\ the Naval Avi ation Cadet Selection Boaid it Chicago Boards To Vlake Periodic V isits These boaids which aie sehed uled to make pci iodic visits to key cities will give applicants who have been recommended bv then hi^h school piincipal oi the Navv lepie bcntative in colleges the pieliminaiy physical and mental tests of the regulai Navy aviation cadet ex animation Youths who pass these tests will be sent.—at the Navy expense—to the Naval Aviation Cadet Selection Boaid foi final tests successtul completion of which leads to sweai mg in as Appi entice Se iman Class V 5 Men enlisted undei this class ification will latei be tiiiibfciied to aviation cadet but will not be called foi tiaiiinv until they aie 18 y eai s old M iH Be In I alavctle Maich 11 12 A tiavelin„ boaid is scheduled to be at the Naval Reci Lilting St ition ifi the Post Office Buildin,, in I a fayette on Much 11 and 12 191 Univeisity students I" yeais old who aie iiiteiested in ci listing m V-5 thiough the ti iveliiv boaid on its visit to Lafayette should set Absistaiit Dean Knapp Na\y Rep lesentative in the hxetulivo Build mg toi inbtiLictions in niaking then application and isstmbliiif, su)) porting pajieis Youths who fail tc pass the \ ival aviation cadet examination will be leleased and ait not obligated oi
Compamcb Scheuulcd to \ ibit C mil pus Viinoui & ( ompain Chic ig 111 M 1 cli o Intel C'tcd ni A.piil and A.u-,ust Clip Vllis (halmeis Maiiulactui mg Company Milwaukee VV ib—Mai 5 Intel sled in Apiil and Nugust I h ME PSPj also gills niiioiing in chcmistiy iinthem itics ind physics
Placement Notes For Women
Hcavilion Hall’s famous clock will leceivc the attention of a piom iiient expeit fiom the Howaid Clock Company eithei today/oi tomoiiovv, iccoiding to C C Smith geneial lepaii foi email oi the Seivice and Stoics He said th it aftei failing to fix the clock with local lepaiimen’s help they appealed to the makeis of the clock 1)1 Boston y\ho m turn aic sending them a man fiom Chicago Bad Shape Internally Smith says that the clock is in bid shape inteinally Many of the sh itts aie is fai as 3/32 of an inch off size He hesitated to do any yvoik on the clock woiks without the advice of an expeit but added that they will lemove the tension of the weights that di ivc the woiks when they make the “icpau to end all icpaiis II eveiy thing goes aCcoidmg to schedule Smith pi edicts that the students will igain govern them selves by the ciinpus clock the fust of next week
Notices
All Women Students Ihc St Loum Girl Scout Council 19 in need of girls to woik in their camp this summei Jobs available aro unit leader assistant unit leader ind water front director Any one interested should telephone or come in to the Plncemint Serv ICC for Women (296o) immediately —IELDT
Freshman Gnginecra All seedhd term freshman engineers will meet SatutdAy, March 0 8 a m in the MUaic Hail Thm will be a regular meeting for QIC 2 Sttkdent« who have 2E rating not rogldtered in GE 2 should attend—yery important Theix} will be no meeting of GE dn Sh^rday March C —KNAPF
Lutheran Students Sunday March 7 we will hold a social meeting at the home of the pastor 626 N Ninth street at i 30 Everyone 18 welcome and a good time Is insured* -WALLACE
All Students Anyon interested in woik ing on the stage pioperties make up li^ht cifccts or costume crews foi Aisenic and Old Lace sign the sheet on the bulletin boaid opposite the ticket oilice in Fowler Hall immcdlntel\ —LESTER
Gilder Club There will be an open meot-* ing Tuesday March 9 in the Union All interested in becoming Glider Club members are invited —SALISBURY
Lutheran Students Devotional meeting next Sunday evening., in the Union room 807 at 7 30 Guest spoikor will be Dr C B Harry head of the Luther in Students of America Eveijone is invited to attend —WAX LACI
Newcan Club A tea dance and card pArty will be held Sunday Mnich 7 in St Mftry*» gym from 2 TO to 5 00 Refreshments vfrill lx. served Bring your Catholic friopda and make it a success —AULT
Robertsons lecture Fifth in a strits of lectures on the subject A Celebrated Ex penment Which FaiUd and thi Wonderful Rtsulls That Came Irom It will le given by Dr C H Robertson next FrUlnj evening it in room 355 it the Unioi Tveryone is invited to attend ROBhUTSON
Purdue Christian Foundation Tryodts for a pageant involving hugely pantomime action will bi held at the Foundation hoUiic Sunday trom 2 to 4 p m If you are interest! d but unable to be present at the time designated call Jean Woods 61321 for i special appointment —WOODS
Delta Rho ICappa Important meeting tin Thursday March 11 at 4 p m in Union 1 Icetioi s of pledgts Room will be announced latir —BOSNER
Exponent Workers Boat meeting Fiila> March 5 at 4 p m m the Exponent offict foi the following peopU Sommer Yargar ^VlnsIo^^ Speck ml 1 or 1 TYSON
Dolphin Club Rtgulnr meelinj, next lu s day March 9 at la p m in Kom 101 of the Fi llh(us( Evtryono shoulJ be preset t foi f imal 1 IcdgitL SMITH
Union Workers Phase reioit to Ui ion Workshop Thursday and I rida> —new bind stands must be completed for Senior Prrm COI I ISTER
Classified Ads
y-1^9
Kettering
(Conlinucd fiom in„c 1) cited people aie ilwijs moic il Icigic to failuic Bettei riian loe Millii To illustiatc how men live in the piesent and then immcdiic sui loundingb without giving clue ic g lid to the fuluic and the vvoild in which th^ey live Di Kettciing util ized i humoious illusti ition On one occasion while pissin^ thioiuh I cntucl y Kcttciin^ slipped to isk i min on hoiscbick liow he y\ould ^ct on the light loul to Cincinniti Mill the min ic plied you 0 u)) hy ii to the foil s o the loid ind tui n to tlic light Then p lu in^— No I gue s you luin to the left Fin illy ^ivin^ up in iittei confusion fh mm ic muled Well it I wcii gom,, to Ciiicinniti I don t thinl I would eve n st ii t ti om hy u Were loo Short Sighted ( onipl HI ng ibout the w i\ pic-, Lilt (1 i\ Vine e Ills thiiil Keltciing st iteel Well thinl in,, in too short 1 time ev Ic Givin i icisoii toi Ills icplnillc eond lion Di Ket tiiiiu st itcd WevL been lookin^ bid w uds iiid study til-, liistoiv too mucli
I’m gning you the maximum punishment—let you go fiee to
yyoiit about taxes, lationmg, shortages and e\eiy thing else like the lest of us ”
All Advanced Military Studenhs 1 OMM smoTer has been poMtponod t Maich U Capt I reeJ Oidnanct Dtpaitment will p<ak on OfTiecr s Cindidato Sch I at I OMM Smoker room 3)o Union building ihuThdaj Maich 11 80 p ni Thi> mett jng should be >f piim importance t all Adv met 1 Militaiy Students Flan tt it lend Unifoimb need not be wiri PHII Ills
ROOMS ARE NEEDED If vou have one—let the studcttls know in The Exponent Classified Adb Call—4005 Circulation.
Typewriters Aiding muchincs all makes 8 )ld rente 1 rej aired and piirchase*d MImeo* giaph \sork done C I Ebershoff 60o Main, Lafayette PI one > 9
University Calendar Friday, March 5
MT " Ikginniig Mai h i I9|3 tho 1 IV mg Cori s Day )n Ihui Ii> a in cli s at 11 Tuesdav wiH repoit to R (m B I Ainiory at 11 Tu sd ly i r vieeinatoi Those who have class at 11 Tu sday will fill out ifUr loll call m Thus lay C ori s Day foi vaccinaticn Th sc ha n Coijs D y on Tiusdav will b( v ice nated at 11 TI irs In> imUss they hive tliss it tint hour in which cas thev vmI! fall ) t ift r loll all n then C rps Day Ihi i roe lu will continue until Ihiee iioeulitunH h v l)ctn administeied RIORDAN
Money lo loan On diamonds watches, guns luggage typcwnteis Alberta Loan Oflicc 40 Colu nbia
i ten wrist watch lu Union Fchab it 1’ p m Reward Phono
016 W HciUt/
I ost
1 aiy
Need Room and Board—^Ti'y intenaclal cfop ratjv living at the International Hous 1 University St
Wanted—ITov t hh re loom and private ball Phont 81512
12 jO P M Highway Committee ' 4 00 P M Cosmopolitan Club 8 jO P M Senior Piom
Room ’30 Union Room 504 Union So B rllioom, Union
Try an Exponent Classified'
For Rent Tw It rgt looms for four fitu d J ts ) S Cr i I St
Saturday, March 6
7 0 PM Conco—Pin due Musical Oig S 00 P 51 1 lu Kapp i Epsilon Dance b iO P 51 51 ith Dept Dinnti inclDincc b 30 P 51 Mixei
Hall ot IMusie No Bnllioom Unmn \v Ficully Lge Uiujifi So Bilhooin Union
Sigma Pi
MIXED RECREATION
C G Conn ltd Elkhiit Indimi Inteiested in EE Sign in Peison nel Office bv Satuidny noon M u 6
In commenting cn poitwii dc clopmcnt', in mdusti y Ivcitciin,, seemed to be oi tlie opinion that they would be 1 ii leiehiiig iiid stu jiendous but neyeithcless he tailed lo 111 ike iny iiedietioii'. is to how the CHS ot the futuie would look He did ay howevei Wcie ,-,0111^ to h ive television
soci il fi atei iiiLy innounees the initi ilion ot Iloyd Beeleilc Kinsns City Mo Iluvev Dein I losbinooi 111 11 Hold C Lvei 1 o., insjioi t Pobeil IIill logins poll Riehaiel T isli I umeislui., Fi ml Innis Imliin ijio! s Russell Pcti il Line if,o 111 1 obeit I Roheilb West I afay ette Lyell Sandeis Peon 111 Pumoul SehuU/ 1 011 W ly 1 e Ihe [ollowin„ men hue been liledgcd John Ciawfo d Chieuo ill Dale Demott Slelbyyillc Cilcnn Giamelspachei J ispci uul Beinaul I y ons Logans|)oit
TO DE HELD TONIGHT
lonight thcie \ ill le a mixed ice e ition peiiod held in the W oin en s Gym fiom 7 jO to 10 00 loi ill students Liiuipnieiit w 11 be liin s le 1 ioi 1 ulminton y file j bill 1 in,, pon„ shuftleboiul indfenem„ but these lie Hist i lew ol the spoils offeied liu in^ the hi st ]) 111 ol the ev emng IliLie yyill be'el mem,, iioin 9 to 10 uul students do 1 ot have to bi mg dates
Convo
AWS WILL HOLD CONVO
Infoimation can also be obtained at the Peisonnel Office legaiding scholaiships fellowships and a sistantships at Univeisity ol Penn syhanii f letchei School of L iw and Diplomacy Med oul Miss ml New Yoik Univeisity
Coed Boivling Tournament
( oed Bowling Tournament Sit uidav Maich b 1 30 p m with Chi Omega vs Kappa Kappa Gamma and Delta Gamma vs Kappa \lpha Theta
All women students lie in\ ite I lo itteiid a voci ions mcetin, to be 1 eld W^ednesel ly Maich 10 at 1 p m M H istings ol the I ii„lish Depaitmciit is to speal on I etlei of Apphe ition The convo will be held in the I 1st I acuity Lounge d the Momoiiil Union Building It is one ol 1 seiies spoiisoied by AWS
P VTRONI/E rXPONEN T ADVrRTISERS
(Continued fiom page 11 (Ihis is a new Unueisity seng th it is being pi osented 101 the hist time It was yMilten by A B Kiithoft ot I ifajette ind given to the Umveisity ) Laiioea horn 1 ly mg Down lo Rio Vouiiniis Ruth Ralston ( onli lUo All Musicil Oigam/aiions Ode to Ameiiea Cun William Kennedy B intone Miijoiie /umstein Conti alto Viiginia UliCj Sopi mo
The Indian 1 State Pei sonntl Di\ 1 Sion 141 South 5Iei idi in Sti ect In diaii ipolis mnoimees ex imin ition loi the position ot leeieiUonal su peivisoi Applieitions must bo ic ecned by the st ite oflice bctoie Much 17 Positions exist in tlie \ui(u st ite institutions Thewoik iinohes dnecting leeii ition il im) lelited letivitios Any oneinteiest cd should eill PI leement Sei vice loi Women 295o foi fin the 1 infoinia lion
I ulcliffe College C imhiidge 51 iss innounees tw i fellowships lo study m pci onnel idmmistia tion oUeied loi the eomiiig yen 111 1 ue fiy e 1 uiieliiii eloll us each CjiiOO) uul the ti unin„ jiiepaies toi e I cei s 111 pi ly ite indiisti y gov e 1 nment agencies 01 eelueational in titutions Supei y ised fielel yy oil ex pciienee supplements class loom in tiuetion I Ol luithei mloimation call Plicenunt Seiyiee ten Women 2951
W
PINCH HiniNG
//
to provide
more woolens for the armed forces*
To make your clothes "go farther” have them
Crown Cleaned Regularly. Vast quantities of wool
goods are needed in the military service.
Cmn Laundry
Fl^E DRY CLEANING
iCHjuncd to enlist m the Nayy
GET SCABBARD AND BLADE
DANCE TICKETS TODAY
Piei tickets loi tlie Sc ibhaid and Blade danee yyill not lu u iilahk to idyaneeU ei^isc studei ts illci 12 noon today All tl si \y h y h I 1 I aif lequested lo ign 1 u il cm <11 the bulletin boaid ol ihi ainoiy beloic that tinu lielets yyill 1 ol hi Id I 1 t!u (I nice ind admi sion laii only be f,amed by ju esent ition ol i In 1 Ihc (laiue yyhieh yyill honoi tin lu yy initiates will he built aiouiid a mil itaiy IhdiK
Some will “hitch old Dobbin to the shav”, olheis vvill use the thumb, BUT cveivbody WIIjU gel to PIGGLY WICrtcIA because they know it’s FUN to shop HERB'
when you send these Lovely Gifts bg £ucien £eiong!
Maybe she II iiv i iiltb—you know, lliose tcais of )oy—as she says \ ou dailing to know just yyfiat I’d love ^issii, these liapiaiues li) Iiieun I rioii' <0 stiaight lo a gill’s heart’'
o B 11 e I 11 k I Pci leime Ibis giy fiolii ome fi 1 1 UK c li Is sy\ c pt till ( oun
s5 uul 111011
In
• 1 (li loui lui 11 U of I e long s ( islel ue fille d ■with I imous Pcrlumet, by In I le 11 I e long S3 75
• T iKien T eloiig a "I Lower ( addy eonlaina Petunia Honeysuckle, 5X^hite I ilae. Mignonette Fourblossotny jierfumcs in one charming package $5
• "Sirocco” Dusting Poyyeler —so useful, so very luxurious —will make her grateful you thought of this euoice gift hy Lucien Lelong $2
• ' Jaiispiii Pe iluiiie—llie head) di//) mg liagiaiie o liy I 111 itii 1 eloii„ ill iL sexe ilm„ as Idlliiig m love—in 11 neev unuiaiuii si/c !32 50
• "Opeum^ Night” Perfume says tlicreMl he applause— aud admit u lion lor lier— when she gels it $2 75
DECKER’S
518 20 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036
■Ai V f Y!
Jf)
^ i