it h 5 '»
•h(tV rt K>> Ml • {-.(4 ,. V. tv ' V i 1-. L
' ‘ ,r , V ^ ‘t ’
I
A'^1'^
t
I '/.'
T> Jl Piirrliie A %AA WIi
Z-1«5
Exponent
f Volume 51. No. 145
Friday, April S. 1940
Agriculturist Elects Heads For 1940-41; Adams Editor
Blosser, Slonaker, Abshier Appointed
To Remaining Senior Positions For Year
Gustave Thias, Robert Riggs, and Eugene Snyder, Junior Assistant Editors; Stanley Watts, John Stark, Harold Pulp, and Blain Growl, sophmore Editorial Assistants; Artliur Franzreb, Robert Arvidson, John Dunbar, and Jacob Ramp, Junior Business Assistants; and J. A. Finlsjel, R. L. Hurst, and Foster Fiscuss, Junior Circulation Assistants. Departmental Editors , selected were: John Stewart, <A.nimal Husbandry; Glenn Searcy, Poultry; Cecil Thompson, Agricultural Engineering; Howard Meyers, Agronomy; Channing Frederickson, Entomology; Jake Baldwin, Agricultural Chemistry; James Blackwell, Forestry; Arnold Luers, Agricultural Chemistry tural Education; Victor Stine, Dairy; Herman Drabenstott, Farm Management; Phil Johnson, Horticulture; Marie Butz, Home economics.
Pulitzer Prize Winner Robert Frost To Speak At Literary Banquet
PI A Will Sponsor Open Discussions On Etiquette Book
PIA will sponsor a series of open campus discussions in conjunction with the distribution of ‘Pardon Me,” the new book on etiquette by, for, and of the students of Purdue University, which will be distributed starting April 8. The series will be open to the entire campus and will be conducted as a general bull session. The first meeting which will deal with the subject, “We Appear in Public,” will be held April 10. The second and third meeting which will deal with the subjects, “We Appear as Hosts,” and, “What Do You Expect?” are scheduled for the next two weeks. “Pardon Me” will be introduced to the public at the National Independent Students Association conference which will be held on the campus this week-end. Distribution "will start on Monday when the books will be placed on sale at the Union desk. PIA members may obtain copies of the book by calling-at the PIA office any day after April 8, between 4 and 6 p. m. While PIA is distributing the book and sponsoring the projfect, the book is aimed at the campus in general and organized students will find that the material pertains to them as well as the independent students.
Robert Frost, poet and Pulitzer prize winner, will be guest speaker at the annual literary banquet to'be held April 18, according to an announcement by Prof. Pai^l Fatout, chairman of the committee in charge of the event. The banquet climaxes the literary effort of University students with the awarding of prizes for different types of writing. Frost won the Pulitzer prize for his poetry in 1924, 1930, and 1937. Although he was born in San Francisco, Frost has generally been associated with New England since he has spent much of his life there. He has spent much of his life in pursuit of his literary activity, gleaning a great deal of material from his experiences as a farmer at Perry, New Hampshire. Tickets for the banquet, priced at 75 cents, are on sale at the Union desk, Southworth’s, Deac’s, Decker’s, and from Professor Fatout.
Wesley Group To Vote On Officers Sunday
Election of officers for Wesley Foundation will be Sunday at the regular meeting. Nominees for president are Edward Brown and Cornelia Caldwell, and the defeated candidate will become vice-presi-dent. Foundation students will choose either Walter Kettenring or Charles Jay for treasurer of the organization. The candidates for the office of secretary are Anna Katherine Williams and Helen Douglas. Members of the Epworth League, a subsidiary of the foundation, will also hold elections for president. The nominees for this office are Ann Pierce and Charles Fearnot. A president will also be selected for the Men’s Sunday School class and the Coed class. Candidates for these offices are Hoyt Stucky and Glen Searcy for the men, Martha Miller and Dorthy Holden for the coeds. All minor offices will be filled in the same election.
Dr. E. L Kelly Discusses Marriage Before Seniors In First Lecture Of Series
“Practically all of us enter the job of marriage; so it is very important that we make good. Marriage brings an income that no other type of job can,” stated Dr. E. L. Kelly, member of the psychology department, speaking on “Psychological Aptitudes for Marriage” in the first of the series of four marital lectures for seniors held in room 101 of the education building yesterday afternoon. Dr. Kelly further said that approximately two out of nine marriages end in divorce and are the cause of a great deal of unhappiness. Altogether, about one-half of married couples fail to achieve success; so the subject is worthy of consideration, although “unfortunately research in this,topic has not progi’essed very far.”..One of the main reasons for the lack of facts is that success in marriage “depends on dozens and literally hundreds of factors.”
“Marriage is a contract between two individuals agreeing that they are going to set up a business,” continued Dr. Kelly. He further stated that “marriage in its ijruest sense is a free relationship.” “Happy marriages are found by happy people,” he said, “but happy marriages are made, not something that just happens.” A willingness to adjust one’s self to married life is probably one of the most important aptitudes, according to Dr. Kelly. In summing up his lecture, he said that an individual should plan to adjust himself to his part* ner and ease over the clashes which are inevitable. Following the formal lecture. Dr. Kelly answered questions submitted by the audience. Next week Prof. J. A, Estey, head of the department of history, government, and economics, will address the group on “Economic Problems of Marriage.”
Gimlets
The Purdue Agriculturalist last'* night announced the election of the staff for the ensuing year. Wayne Adams the new Editor-in-Chief is an Agronomy major an^ hails from Rockville. George Abshier, Managing Editor; Tim Blosser, Business Manager; and Jacob Slonaker, Circulation Manager compose the rest of the senior staff. TheAgriculturalist is the official monthly agriculture publication, and has a wide circulation over the state. Other staff members include: '
Gimlet, athletic booster honorary, met at the Sigma Chi house last night and selected jthe fpllowing men for their spring pledges: Bob Bailey, Baseball; Roger Bone, Track Manager; Larry Brodd, Union; Gene Brooks, Union; John Davis, Baseball Manager; Ralph Fisher, Exponent; Paul Hammon, Union; Ralph Heckel, Basketball Manager; Dan Heiple, Exponent; Bill Huls, Union; Bob Igney, Basketball; Gilbert Kegerries, Baseball Manager; Jim McKee, Exponent; Jim Ogden, Debris; Tom Petty, Exponent; Dave Rankin, Football Captain; Malcolm Ross, WBAA; John Van Horn, Debris, Senate; Bob von Buelow, Debris; and Harley Wheeler, Track Manager, "the pledges will meet at the Phi Delta Theta house for pledging at 7 o’clock this evening.
FFA Holds Eleventh
Annual Conference
Tonight...
... in the two ballrooms of the Union, Jack McLean and his orchestra will play for the NISA convention dance.
Mixer Will Feature Dual Orchestration
Sweetheart Revue
Two mixers will be featured tomorrow night, with the local band, Irvin Maury swinging in one ballroom, and Leonard Keller playing sweet music in the other. Dancing will begin at 9 and continue until 12. Leonard Keller studied music at the Juilliard Foundation and graduated from the University of Wisconsin. After graduation he toured the country with the Chicago Symphony orchestra as a featured soloist. Leonard Keller and h'is orchestra comes to the canipus after many successful engagements in leading hotels of the country. A new feature will be inaugurated before the mixer. The cast of the Varsity' Show will present “The Proper Dress for Couples During the Prom Week-end.”
NISA Delegates Will Register Today; Executive Committee Met Last Night
Skinner Entertains Morning
Overflow Audience;
Doors Close At 7:45
Future Farmers of American Association opened its 11th annual conference here yesterday with approximately 200 members in attendance. The morning’s program concerned an executive committee meeting of all state associate officers, including district directors and advisors, with Irvin Schenk, Indiana F.F.A. president, presiding. General business of the organization was discussed including the date and place of the next state convention and t\ie program of work for the coming year. State reports were given at the first session held yesterday afternoon. Addresses were given-by Dr. Z. M. Smith of the faculty, state leader of vocationa|l agriculture education; Ivan iKindschi, Prairie Dusac, Wisconsin, national FFA president; and J. R. Rees, vocational agriculture teacher at Columbus and local FFA advisor.
By Bill Heaton Appearing before an overflow crowd, Cornelia Otis Skinner presented her program of monologues and character sketches at last night’s convocation in Memorial Gymnas- , ium. Doors were closed at 7:46, 15 minutes before starting time, causing several hundred students and townspeople to be turned away. Making her appearance promptly at 8, Miss Skinner aimounced the evening prograip, arrangement. Six monologues and character sketches were presented; three before and three following the 15 minute intermission. Off To A Good Start “Nurse’s Day Out” portrayed a young mother taking care of her new baby for the first time and her ensuing difficulties. Its humor seemed to “hit the spot” as an opener. “Luxury Shop,” probably one of the best, was a word description of a busy morning in a well-known, 5th avenue dressmaking establishment. Her reproductions of the proprietor, model, customer, and fitter, respectively, and their exact accents, along with some choice American words and slang, ‘brought down the house’ from stai^t to finish. “Hotel Porch” The porch of a New England summer resort hotel was the setting of “Hotel Porch.” Here she took the part of an elderly woman who was the too-careful guardiaipi of her 43 year old daughter. Miss Skinner’s picture of meddlin_g, gossiping, old age was just as it too often exists. Her cracked voice was very “old.”
“Homework” was the story of a Philadelphia mother trying “very eagerly” to help her twelve year son, age 12, with his homework. Of course she ran into a problem which she could not solve and her ultimate difficulties were sufficient occasion for many a laugh; combined with* her pronunciation of “ar’s” as “or’s.”
Profile Of Life Broadway at the theater hour provided the background for “Time Square.” Eight walks of life were vividly described and their respective accents could belong to no other people than those whose part she assumed.
In conclusion, “The Vanishing Redman” was the story of a woman’s visit to an Indian village as she told it to a Boston ladies luncheon club, of which she was a member. Her Indian phrases and their “paleface” translations were the source of considerable delight to the audience. Great Performance In every sketch her characters were easily distinguished by Miss Skinner’s audience from her outstanding portrayal of their voices and accents. None of the accents were repeated throughout the entire program. Truly a remarkable performance.
Varsity Show Tickets
Tickets are on sale for the Varsity Show “Sweethearts” at the west desk of the Union and at Decker’s until April 10. This is contrary to the n,otice in yesterday’s “Exponent” which stated the tickets would not go on sale until that date. Those securing reserved seats will have a two day advantage. Preference in seating will be giveb to holders of green exchange tickets. 800 tickets for the performance have been sold.
Dr. Robert Doherty
To Discuss Painting
Monday, Tuesday
Several of Dr. Doherty’s paintings on display in the music room present art exhibit will furnish the atmosphere for his lecture to students on the subject of “Landscape Painting as an Engineer’s Recreation.” Tuesday morning he will talk before both senior engineering students and faculty in the large lecture room of the electrical engineering building starting at 10 a. m. on “Reminiscences of Steinmetz.”
Indiana AWWA Meets
In Two Day Session
Welcoming the delegates to the 33rd annual meeting of the Indiana section of the American Watei'works Association, President Elliott started the two day convention. Being in affiliation with the Indiana state board of health, the AWWA is concerned with many facts pertinent to the health qualities of drinking water in connection with its policy of plant management. This morning, W. E. Howland, Associate Professor of Sanitary Engineering at the University, will speak on the “Research in Filter Under Drains.” Other important addresses are to be given this morning, and the Convention vfell close at noon with committee reports and elections of officers.
W. B Stout Contest
Offers 4S Dollars
To Winning Papers
Dean Park To Give
Opening Address
I Over 200 delegates are expected to register in the Union today for the annual National Independent Student Association convention this week-end. About 25 colleges and universities throughout the country will be represented. The program which opened last night with a meeting of the executive committee to discuss procedure and general issues, will include a large number of speeches, discussions, and meetings besides social and recreational activities.
at 10, Dean J. A. Park of Ohio State University will deliver the keynote address of the NISA convention.
Park Talks ■This morning at 10, Dean J. A. Park of Ohio State University will deliver the keynote speech of the conclave, ‘The Obligations of Leadership.” At the same hour President Elliott will deliver a welcoming speech to the gathering and Dean M. L. Fisher will be introduced.
Famous as both president of Carnegie Institute of Technology and as an amateur painter. Dr. Robert Doherty will make his appearance on this campus Monday and Tuesday to speak to students on painting as a hobby.
“Tonight in the two ballrooms of the Union, Jack McLean and his orchestra from the Aragon in Chicago will play for the convention dance. The affair will be informal and tickets priced at one dollar will be available all day and at the door. PIA members will be admitted without charge on presentation of their membership cards and passports. Hinshaw Presides
Jerry Hinshaw, president of the Purdue Independent association and chairman of the national executive, will preside at the meeting this morning. At noon luncheon, delegates will hear Ed Barton of the University of Illinois and Newton Wallace of Iowa State University, leaders in the organization.
Students!
Discussions concerning various student welfare policies will take the major part of this afternoon, while before the dance tonight, the delegates will attend a dinnermeeting featuring talks by Jerry Hinshaw and Bill Catterall, president of th^ Interfraternity President’s Council, discussing the relations between independent students and fraternity men.
Purdue Inventors
. . . have contributed articles to the recent Westinghouse Company publication, “Erigineering Progress for 1939.” L. C. Schaef6r,E. S. E. E. ’38, and L. F. Buchanan, B. S. K E. ’38 are among those whose articles will appear in the company’s technical publishment.
Debating Squad Will Meet Eight Opponents Today In "Isolation" Discussion
Forty-five dollars in prizes are offered in the William B. Stout contest for the best papers on subjects related to internal combustion machines. The papers, approximately three thousand words in length, must deal with technical or economical issues in this field. No sales papers will be accepted. The contest is open to any undergraduate student in the University.
Arriving today in Chicago, members of the debating team will meet Wisconsin, Ohio State, Iowa, Northwestern, Minnesota, Chicago, Illtnois, and Indiana in a series of debates on the subject of “Isolation.” Representatives for Purdue are: affirmative, Seymour UddI and Gordon Belles; negative. Rich Springs gate and Don Paarlberg. Concluding the program, at S o’clock, over CBS itetwork, Paarlberg of Purdue, Christensen, Rueckert of Illinois, Ramey of Northwestern, and Dupee of Wisconsin will participate in a program entitled “Peaceful Change.”
Entries should be given to H. M. Jacklin in room 6 of the mechanical engineering building. Papers may be turned in now; none will be accepted after May 1. Bibliography must accompany the paper.
Prom Ticlfots
Ticket sales Cor the Iwaior Prom, totaled at noon yesterday, have reached 757. ContradtetoTy to a previous annouiiieeaMml^ winter rather than suataaer leas raal will he worn.: ^ •' ■;^ ?■ -■' y'-v-?; y^^<ry.yft;>r: '^rn •:':y;yy;"y;%--':y;; . y ^i
PUBb^E EXPONENT
Friday# April 5# 1940
y I
■‘A
Track Stars Establish Six noiienMkefKamMiiiMnPreiaref" , , ^ I T<i • w Little Giant Tussle Tomorrow Afternoon
Indoor Records This Year
Freshmen Wanted For Baseball Managers Posts All Freshmen interested in working for baseball managerial positions are asked to report this afternoon to Senior Managers Swander and Munk at 4 p. m. on the Ross-Ade Recreational Field. The jobs are open to all freshmen seeking a good
activity.
While spending their time preparing for the first outdoor meet of the season on April 13 against Michigan State at Lansing, the Boilermaker trackmen and their coach, Hermon Phillips might as well take a little time to sit back and admire the record books which now show that no less than six Purdue indoor track and field records were broken during the past season. Most notable performer was " ' '■ —— -
lanky Ed Holderman, who now holds both the distance records, overshadowing evbn such great Gold and Black stars as Orville Martin who was winning so many honors back
in around 1930.
Fast^t College Mile So far this year Ed’s most notable performance was at the Michigan AAU meet on March 23 when he took the mile event with a time of 4 minutes 31.2 seconds, which stands as one of the best, if not the best, times turned in so far this season by a college runner, according to Coach Phillips. The lanky star also annexed the two mile crown when he won that event in the dual meet with Indiana with a time of 9 min-
utes 31 seconds.
Coming down to the Shorter distances we find that Capt. “Red” Shackleton has now laid claim to that 440 yard run record covering the distance in 60.2 seconds in the Athletic Carnival a few weeks ago. This record was oificial as the event was scheduled for the varsity men and was timed as a regular meet. Edwards Comes Through Art Edwards,’ another of the Boilermakers to show vast improvement this season, easily topped the standing pole vault record, turning in his best performance in the triangular meet here with Iowa and Northwestern when he tied with Thistlewaite. Wildcat star at 12 feet 11
inches.
Ted Tycocki added his share to the record smashing activities for the year, making a distance of 23 feet 2 inches in the broad jump in the Illinois Relays early in the season. Dave Rankin continued to show his supremacy in the athletic field by setting a new record for the 60 yard low hurdles, stepping off distance in 6.9 seconds in a trial heat in the Butler Relays just recently. Outdoor Records? With the approach of the outdoor season there seems to be no good reason why there should not be a similar assault on the present outdoor records, some of which are not as good as the indoor records which were turned in this season. For those who like to look into the future we have just one comment to make, things really look bright for next year’s team as all of the five who set these new records but Shackleton will have an^other year under the Gold and Black ban-
Despite the sudden return of chilly winds to the practice field, the Boilermaker diamond squad rushed through one of the snappiest drills of the infant season yesterday afternoon in preparation for the season’s home opener against the Wabash’hine to-
morrow afternoon.
____________________________ Mighty Mackiewicz
The . mighty blows of co-captain Felix Mackiewicz have been out^ standing features of the past few days’ practice sessions. On Tuesday Felix became the first person to lambast the horsehide over the distant left field wall when he hit a ball that'cleared the 381 foot boundary by a good five feet. Not content with this lusty hit, Felix came back the next afternoon to sock another one over the wall in nearly the same spot, clearing the wall by quite a
larger margin.
Well Known Artist
f
Brings Exhibit Here An exhibit of wood sculpture by Joseph Goethe, Fort Wayne artist, is now being conducted by the department of applied design on the second floor of building number two. Goethe has exhibited water color and wood carving in principal cities throughout the country. Figures in the collection now on exhibit were carved from 24 kinds of wood in-
Kizer Announces Letter Awards
Varsity Pistol Team Wins Three Matches, lose One Shooting against Virginia Military Institute, West Point, University of Utah, and Eastern Kentucky State Teacher’s College last week, the varsity pistol team lost only to Utah. During the current season, the team has shot seventeen matches, losing only two. The University shot a score of 1372 against V. M. I., 1321; West Point, 1322; University of Utah, 1396; and Eastern Kentucky State Teacher’s College, 1317. The freshman team shot 1273 against V. M. I., 1199 and Univer-' sity of Utah, 1348.
Letter awards to the members of Purdue’s varsity and freshman varsity swimming, water polo, squash racquets, and wrestling teams were announced today by Noble E. Kizer, athletic director, following approv-
al by the insignia board.
The complete list of awards fol-
lows:
Swimming
• Majors—^F. M. Branner, Lafayette; L. E. Briggs, Washington, D. C. ; J. U. Graham, Lafayette; T. A. Harris, South Bend; F. W. Herr, South Bend; R. G. Kratzer, Kenmore, N. Y.; C. A. Siler, Oak Park, I11.J-E. M. Tingley, Oak Park, 111. ‘ Minors—T. A. Anderson, Walton; D. B. Anderson, Chicago, 111.; F. S. Farkas, South Bend; Alex Kusko, Crompond, N. Y.; J. R. McCredy, Baltimore, Md.; R. M. Smith, Cleveland, Ohio; W. W. Frank, Ham-
mond.
Freshman Numerals—J. W. Carney, South Bend; J. H. Horn, Port Wayne; C. J. McCammon, Tulsa, Okla.; J. T. McCutcheon, E. Liverpool, Ohio; C. R. McKay, Hammand; J. W. Krueck, New Haven; A. F. Pier, Highland Park, 111.; J. H. Shaw, South Bend; W. F. Snead, Fort Union, Va.; J. R. Williamson, South Bend. Water Polo Majors—T. W. Abolin, Decatur, 111.; R. L. Colby, Zionsville; J. U. Graham, Lafayette; T. A. Harris, South Bend; C. G. Moller, South Bend; C. A. Siler, Oak Park, 111.; G. W. Wolfe, Loganspbrt. Minors—T. A. Anderson, Walton; G. R. Bloomquist, Gary; Alex Kusko, Crompond, N. Y. Freshmen Numerals—Paul Galeta, Whiting; C. O. Wasson, Upper Darby, Pa. Squash Majors—^K. E. Blessing, Maplewood, N. J.; H. E. Eberhard, Angola; James Mann, Milwaukee, Wis.; R. M. Morley, Hamilton; R. F. Munro. West Lafayette.
Wkm Starts TOMORROW
DAVID NIVEN OLIVIA deHAVILLAND — IN — Idmus
— Last Times Today — MARTHA RATE CHARLES RUGGLES — IN — The Farmer's Daughter'
Minors—G. E. Adams, Evansville; D. M. MacMillan, Bedford; 0. P. Smith, Indianapolis. Freshman Numeral s—N. M. Goldstein, Brooklyn, N. Y.; R. P. Green, Indianapolis; A. Hartley, Niagara Falls, N. Y*; J. G. Kalbfleisch, Buffalo, N. Y.; J. S. Keeler, Dayton, Ohio; M. Marks, Chicago, 111.; T. B. Novey, Chicago, 111. Wrestling Majors—C. M. Anderson, Chicago, 111.; M. Aronson, South Bend; C. L. Fredericks, Hammond; J. H. Papurca, New Suffolk, N. Y.; A. N. Rossi, Pekin, 111.; N. B. Willey, Chicago, 111.; J. A. Lindeman, Hammond. Minors—C. W. Camperman; C. L. Farlow, Winchester; H. A. Montgomery, Newark, Ohio., Freshman Numerals—R. Britt, West Lafayette; B. Buehler, Hammond; I, Clasman, Clinton, Iowa; W. Eviston, Huntington; J. Ferguson, Terre Haute; Jack Poster, Hammond; J. Hlinka, Hammond; J. C. Hughes, Detroit, Mich.; R. McCord, Indianapolis; H. Mullendore, Bremen; C. Potenza, Hartford, Conn.; P. Ruggieri, South Bend; V. Sickman, Oakland City; K. Streeter, Glendale, Cal.; S. Williams, Columbus, Ohio. Intramural manager awards were also authorized for R. E. Alexander, of Fort Wayne, and C. F. Geiger, of Dayton, Ohio.
Governor M. Clifford^, Townsend has accepted the invitation of the University to be present at the Pi-rate-Boilermaker baseball game, April 13. Governor Townsend will participate in the flag raising ceremonies and will receive the first ball pitched out by President Elliott.
Following the lei^thy batting exercises, Coach Fehring gave the infielders a good workout in an attempt to brush off the rough points of the defensive play before the invasion of the Little Giant contingent. Co-captain Heame appears right at home at his new position at shortstop, leaving the occupation ,of the keystone sack to sophomore McFarren. First For Wabash The game tomorrow will be the initial performance of the season for the Wabash squad. However, the Crawfordsville baseballers have a veteran team that should be able to give the Riveters a strong tussle, even in their first game. The diamond in Ross Ade Recreation field under the care of groundsman Jim Smith is in the finest early season shape since its first use in 1938, according to Coach Fehring.
It would take a student 184 years to complete all the courses offered by the University of Pittsburgh.
STARTS SATURDAY MORNING 10:00 A. M. Wiaf Fua! Whal High Advemurel
TWO YEARS TO MAKE! A lseetime to REMEMBER!
alt Disney^ FULL LENGTH FEATURE IN TECHNICOLOR nocchio
Pbtriboteil by flKO BADIO Kcturii Inb
MaiiI
— TODAY — Abe Lincoln in Illinois — WITH TRAYMOND MASSEY
SRIN AND BEAR IT
By Udity
‘We’re looking for our seats—are you the gentleman whose com we stepped on before?”
Mid West Coaches Convene For Annual Pigskin Conference High school and college football coaches from all over the middle west are expected to convene here today for the opening session of the annual football clinic which will continue through Saturday afternoon. A feature of the two-day session will be the annual banquet tonight at which Arch Ward, sports editor of the Chicago Tribune, will be the principal speaker. Methods of preventing and treating injuries will be discussed this afternoon by Dr. S. J. Miller, Purdue team physician, and Lon Mann, trainer.
Station WOWO . . . Fort Wayne, will honor Purdue University in a special jirogram t<^ be given tomorrow afternoon at 1:30. The program will feature a quartet from the Purdue Men’s Glee Club and talks by several staff members. The members of the quartet are: Orlen Baker, Harold Schulte, Robert Hartley, and John Tyke. The accompanist is Dick Thornton. This program will be one of a series from various colleges and universities throughout the state.
In 1890 Coe College students had to have permission from the president to leave town for the week-end.
Paper of the Week: An Asympto- , tic Formula for the Average Sum of the Digits of Integers. (By Dr. Laurens E. Bush, College of St. Thomas).
LAMA - TODAY - SATURDAY-
^IIVINGSTOH imnBiunMwmiiHiuiM
PLUS—2ND FEATURE BARTON MacLANE — IN — "Men Without Souls'
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY CHARLES STARRETT — IN — "WESTERN CARAVENS" — AND — ANNA MAY WONG — IN — "Island of Lost Men" — ALSO —
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
• Professional
"DEACr Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUU A. R»K DR, LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th fr AAain Phone 5701
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVERI EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Hardware
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dairy Products
• Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 462H
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
t i1
* (§ fHdoy, April 5, IS^O
THE PORDOE EXi>ONENT
In order to settle the major problem confronting the juniors and seniors at present, may I suggest the purchase of enough recordings from the McClean Music Co., and the Fositer Shop to give a full program on “Meet the Band Program.” —B & B— The letters in Bull Session (the sweet ones), some one reports, were written by none others than the Prom Committee. It’s a very good
idea, ’eduse campus opinion is vety much in favor of the other side. —B&B— Some ardent junior sends in this cotttrib concerning the upset: Dear B & B: I I bought a tux! Paid twenty-five bucks! Then I bought a prom ticket! Now I gotta buy a white coat! Then I gotta buy a leather jacket to wear with the coat—or else freeze to death! What the h kind of hootnanny is this, anyhow? i —^Weary Junior. —B & B— With a few words of misgiving, and to take up a little space, we present this superb and punny novelty:
Waitress: Hawaii^ gentlemen, you must be flungary. 1st Cost: Yes, Siam and we can’t Rumania here long. Venice lunch ready? Waitress: I’ll Russia table. What will you Havre? 1st Cust.: Anything at all, but can’t Jamacia little speed?
W: I don’t think we can Fiji that fast, but Alaska. C: Never mind. Just put a Cuba sugar in our Java. W: Sweden it yourself. I’m only here to Servia. 2nd C: Denmark our ls(ill and call the Bosphorus! He’ll Kanya; I don’t Bolivia know who I am.
W: You fellows sure Armenia! Enter Boss: Spmoa your wisecracks, is it? What^i^got India? You think this arguing Alps business? Both Cost: Canada noise, pain in the neck. We Moscow now . . . (Exit). —B & B— EXIT.
Spring Hiking— So Popular and So much FUN, Yet, your Feet must be Well S^od. Havo your Shoes Repared TODAY, For, the sun may be Shining TOMORROW! IFe Call-Far and Deliver vine\t. American Laundry ^5*
3!Hiiiiiimi«iiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiMmHiiimrmniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniimjimiiiiiiimiiiiimMiiimmmmmmm«wm^^
Correct Make-Up and Accessories as Featured in Leading Magazines
To Dance In at
ihe postman rings more than twice at the doors of popular girls when Spring comes, bringing invitations to dances and confirmations of bids to Proms given during cozy conversations at last Winter’s parties.
You must look your best . last.
. the impression must
Wear a formal that will give you the assurance ifyour tops when you step into the ballroom. Striped and pastel jerseys, colorful striped ratines styled in California. Chiffons, Linens, Organzas, Mousselines, Laces and Nets. We have the ,style you want whether it is the demure or sophisticated type.
Evening IVraps A complete selection of Evening Coats and Capes ... Flannel, Bengaline, Embroidered Taffetas, Corduroys and Velvets. Pastel shades. Black and White.
Prices Start at Sizes: 9 to 17
$
lO**
10 to 20
Prices Start at
7.95
FASHION SHOPS — SECOND FLOOR
c
—
-^.4
•'s/V
niiiiiiiiiiniiiniiiiiiiiiiiinHiliiiiiiiiiininniiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinniniiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiHiiiliiliiiiiiiiiTiniiiiiiiiiinniiBniniHiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiininniniiniiiniininiiiniiiHH
rannmnnnini
Radio Clob: Meeting: postponed to tnesday, April 9, at 7:30 in room 254 of tbe EE bmldinK. ''
6 E 35: Removal of conditions Examination April 13. Make arrangiements for taking the examination in room lOd before Friday, April 12. —OWEN.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Tnesday, April 9, at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. Gordon Enders will speak. A short business meeting will folIoW. —TEBRIO.
Purdue Christian Ponndation: Election of officers for next year will be held next Sunday, April 7. —BRAND.
Laboratory Gronp of Playshop: The number of hours for all those who have worked on the laboratory gronp at Playshop are posted in Fowler Ball. See them April 4-S. —KEPNEB.
tVesley Foundation: Folk games Party Saturday evening, April 6, at the Methodist church at 8 p. m. Free. All welcome, especially couples. —MCFADDEN.
Purdue Aeromodelers: There will be an important business meeting Friday, April 5, at 7:30 p. m. in the club room. Prises for the contest of May 19. will be decided upon. —HARKEB.
All Students: Will those subscribers to Scriveners who did not receive their copy phone Metz, 8421, or Alexander, 2673. (4-11) —METZ. Freshmen: All those interested in outdoor track report to Ross-Ade Stadium Friday, April 6, at 4:30 p. m. —WEAKENING.
Pi Tan Sigma: Actives will howl the honorary members Friday. AprU 6, at 6:30 p. m. in the Union. Let's have a represen. tation from both sides. , —EILERING.
Pi Tan Sigma: Please get catalogue cards from Jane Templeton in ME office. When card is returned, you will receive a copy of the Condenser. (4-8) —EILEBING.
YWCA Cabinet: No regular meeting Thursday, April 4. Retreat Saturday, AprU 6, at 817 N. Salisbury at 3 p. m. All cabinet members please be {here. —COOLEY.
PEW Bowling Classes: First meeting will be at regular hour in Women’s Gymnasium. Bring fee at this time. (4-6) —CASE. PEW Horseback Riding Classes: All members are required to meet at the Women’s Gymnasium at 4-p. m. Friday, April 6. —CASE.
Reamer Club: Rough Initiation Saturday night. Actives will leave from the east entrance of the Union between 7 and 7:30 p m. Wear old clothes. Don’t forget equipment —REILEY. Agricnitnral Engineering 11: An examination to remove conditions in Agricultural Engineering 11 (Mechanics of Agriculture) will be given Saturday, April 20. Gome to room^ 106, old agricultural engineering building, to arrange for the examination. This arrangement must be completed by April 13 —RICHEY, HUBLER.
Omicron Nn: Meeting Thursday, April 8, at 4 p, m., home economics building, room 107 —Howrrz
ASME: Meeting Thursday, April 11. at 7:30 p. m , room 208, mechanical engineering building. Dr. R. M Buffington, physical chemist and research engineer of the Servel Co will speak on the “Engineering Principles <|f the Electrolux Refrigerating Unit.’’ Interesting demonstration apparatus —VOYLES. Wesley Foundation: The folk game party originally scheduled for Friday, April 5, will be held at the West Lafayette Methodist church Saturday, April 6, at 8 p. m. Refreshments will be served. —HORNE. Alpha Phi Omega: Pledge^meeting at 4 P m. on Friday Apnl 5 in room 236 of the Union. —CROXALL. Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report on Saturday, April 6, hy schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-R Rmnn 264, Electrical Building; F-Le, Room 129 El^tncal Building; Li-R, Room 201, Civil Gilding; S-Z, Room 101, Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALB—Typawritws. All standard and ^ponfaahla, sold, pnroliaaad. rmua «nd ropafr^ New partabla as low u m.76. at«>idiee. C. F. Ebenheff. 60S Main street SALE—1936 Ford Deluxe Sport Phaeton. L. Berg, 112 East Oak St, W. L. forI^w Rnwi Rwrt A-Ca» Sandea. Cara for aO o|carioBs. Mia. ».Gt aU night Phoaa
LOST AND wmnm Mondas^-Slide rule with of Charles Schaefer” on it Finder call 66863. Reward.
CHILDREN'S DANCIKCi^ CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED SATURDAY APRIL 6tli ENROLL BALLET AND TAP CLASSES DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGEPHONE 2150 ALIEITSm..
Notices
Sophomore Military StadmiMs Advanced coarse list posted on the hnlletin hoard fa the armory. Read it and comply with structions. _____ (4-6) —W1SEL08KL.
Westminster Students: Skating party Saturday, Apnl 16, at 9 pm. Come to house. All with cars please bring them. —OWENS.
WAA Basketball: Girls interested in going to the basketball playday at Chicago on Saturday, April 6, must report for practice every night this week at 6 p. m. \ -FRASER. Physics 1 B Conditions: Examinations will he held i& room 210 of the chem. and met. bnilding, Saturday, April 6, at 1 p. m. —SHERMAN.Jumh^ JidJk
IM SCHEDULE Baseball—-Friday, April 5—Practice games Diamond 1 Triangle vs Pi Kappa Phi 2. Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa Alpha 3 Theta Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa 4 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Tau 5 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma 6 Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Psi 7 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa 8 Sigma Chi vs Phi Delta Theta 9 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Kappa Sigma 10 Sigma Alpha Epsilon' vs lambda Chi Alpha
VOLLEYBALL
7:00 P. M.— Cary Hall 8 Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 12 Ward 26 Ward 37 Ward 38 Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 10
POPCORN
DAD'S
It's a Healthy Food
PLACE
Sc Sack or a Gallon 15c
So Handy
SOUTH OF THE BORDER STYLE HIT
aJtcluz BY FREEMAN YA, YA, YA, YA—Hiey're oil singing the praises of this unktue M^cicon style adaptation. Hand-woven, ood, fibidbie, oomfortable, and as enjoyable as a stestoi A. B. C Shoe Co., Inc.
406 Maia Street
Phone 2001
Bull Session
Independent Students .. . from 31 colleges and universities throughout the country will meet this morning at 10 o’clock for the first general session of the 1940.National Independent Students’ Association convention. President Elliott will welcome the delegates. The relationship of Greek-letter students and independents is a point which comes up for discussion at all of these conventions. On a few other campuses this has long been a problem, with “fraternity exclusiveness and independent antagonism” noted at the convention. We are glad that Purdue is sufficiently democratic that a fair understanding exists between fraternity men and independents. The primary loyalty of any student should be to the institution rather than to any special groups within the student body. Many independent students remain unorganized because they choose to be so, or for financial reasons. Still, the independent man has no cause to think that his fraternity classmate is moving in a more “exclusive” circle, for many organized men work just as hard as independent men, and all campus offices are open to independent students who engage in activity work. Independent students at Purdue have always had fair representation in activity offices and on Prom and Gala Week committees. For better friendship among organized and independent groups throughout the country more coordination of fraternityindependent programs is indicated, both socially and intramurally. There should be less desire to find an imaginary wall between the two groups where it may not exist, and neither group should wait for the other to move first toward intergration of common interests. A recent survey made by the Purdue Independent Association and the Activities Bureau indicated that in 126 activities, including 431 executive officers, 58 per cent of the activity posts were held by independent students. It is desirable that such a condition should exist, but this is a far cry from the situation on many campuses. A common cry of independents is that they do not have a sufficient number of activity leaders among their numbers, and that they have no voice in the political organizations on their campus. To correct this fundamental fault in the campus social structure, it is up to the many independent students’ organizations to draw out independent students, especially freshmen, for the various activity and political groups. Without this early start, representation by independent students in later years can hardly be expected.
After reading a few articles in your column concerning George Hall for prom selection, the tone of some of the letters would make one believe that the committee had written the letters to try to calm student feelings. There are, no doubt, many students going to the prom because they had their dates for some time, and I imagine the early rush for tickets indicates that the boys or girls didn’t intend to disappoint their partners. If you can recall, last year’s rush for tickets was ten times as great as this year’s and all of the tickets were sold out before noon. With tickets still available after 48 hours on sale, it goes to show that our prom committee surely did a hell-of-a-poor job on band selection. The Military Ball had Joe Sanders and Bill Carlson, and if a rating were taken, either orchestra would be rated higher than George Hall. With Guy Lombardo, Wayne King, Larry Clinton, Dick Jurgens, Ozzie Nelson, Hal Kemp, Glen Miller, and a few others all being on the road at the present time, it seems that the prom committee could at least get one of these for the cafeteria. If they can’t get some of these orchestras, they ought to turn the job over to the Union officials who can get better bands for ordinary mixers than the committee selected for the Number One band in the ballroom. —N. C. D. ’40.
WSGA Applicants Convene; Sign For Counselors Posts Applications for freshmen and transfer WSGA counselors for next year were taken at the meeting yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Union. Paula Zwierlein, WSGA president, introduced Libby Barmus, 1st year’s orientation chairman, who, explained the / counseling program for next year. A faculty - student program of counseling has been planned which will provide each freshman and transfer co-ed with both a faculty and student counselor. A series of weekly meetings has been planned at which authorities on the counseling program will speak. The meeting will be held jointly with the men counselors. Attendance at these meetings is compulsory for all girls desiring to be counselors. University Fiiers To Attend Washington Conference Three members of the Flying Club, Dick Adams, William Greve, and Frank Habicht, will attend the annual meeting of the Intercollegiate Flying Club Confei’ence in Washington, D. C. tomorrow. The delegation will extend an in'vitation to the conference to hold its summer meet at the Purdue airport.
THE BACKBONE OF EVERY MEAL
There is never a good meal -without bread. You may sit down to a table -without peas, carrots, or beans, but you never sit without bread. Come in or ask your grocer and— TRY OUR BREAD TODAY Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. ‘^Catering to Fraternities and Sororities**
Tab
Long'^oint
Style Begins with the Collar Arrow collars bn Arrow shirts are styled with a touch of genius. Enhanced by neat patterns, their precision fit and soft drape make diem campus classics. See your Arrow dealer today for the smartest, newest shirts for college men. $2. All Arrows are SanforizedShrunk with fabric shrinkage less than 1%.
ARROfV SHIRTS
Symphonic Headquarters Moved To Exponent Office Headquarters for the distribution of the symphonic records sponsored by the Lafayette Music Appreciation movement have been moved to the Exponent business dfflce on Fifth street. Orders will be filled from here until the end of the campaign in June. Mozart’s Symphony No. 40 in G Minor, the third in the series of records was released this week. The complete series is composed of ten symphonic masterpieces. 4g fef Society . . . will hold their regular meeting this Thursday evening in room 201 of the educational building. J. R. Rees of the Columbus chapter of thte Future Farmers of America -will be the principal speaker on the program. All agricultural students are invited to attend. Jim Mann . . . number four man on the varsity squash team for the present season, has been elected Captain of the 1940-41 squad. Mann hails from Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
' 'V. ' Purdue Exponent R. B. ttaler- JMitin<-bi-OhM W. B. Smith. —JBtwiiMM D. G. Jidttorlal XMceetor G. W. Mn’n.jfir.p XL M. Aiitonini—Senior AdvertWnfe ISitiuuMir G. SehiUin8:.J ... —~.Oo-ed Kditor K. Jenkins... , Sports Bditor Phones: BditorisL 4006; Bosiness, 6088; Sports, 2792 Published daily bceept Monday dnri^ tim academio year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of (jonanress of March S, 1870, and at the special rate of postt^ X>rov{ded for in Section 1108, Act (ff Oetobet' 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1022. aai-RBSSNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BY National AdveiHsingService, Inc. Colltgt PubUsktrs R»i>rt30ntMv0 420 MAOiaoN Ava. New York, M. Y. CRicAso - Boston ■ Los anokles ■ Sen pbancisco All unsierned editorials are written by tha Editorial Director. Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year; by mail, 38.60. Business office looat^ at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building;; sports office. Field House. This newspaper is -written, edited, and published by nndergrraduate students of Puiv due University. Ail opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide -with the official Universliy -viewpoint. Nixht Editor Willsey Issue Editor Sidwell Day Editor Carroll Friday, April 5, 1940. ''
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME Kt WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD - • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^dlgrem druo stores 410 Main Street
-n