Faculty Meeting The regular meeting of the University faculty will be held next Monday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Stanley Coulter Hall, according to an announcement received yesterday from the President’s office. A full attendance is expected.
Purdue Exponent
Forecast for Indiana: Fair today and tomorow; warmer tomorrow.
FRIDAY
October 21, 1938
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 33
Alumni Flock Back To Alma Mater For Homecoming; Big Week-End Planned
Grads Will Sign At Union Foyer Desk Registration of alumni will begin in the main foyer of the Memorial Union Building at 2 o’clock today and continue until after game time tomorrow. Alumni will sign in at the alumni desk and the names and addresses will be posted, by classes, on a large bulletin board. Last night Eth Baugh, Eilocutive Secretary of the Alumni Association, said, “Many just come back for the game and don’t get a chance to register. But after the game, there will be class banners on the playing field and the alumni will meet there. I expect there will be well over 1,000 registering at the registration tables.” At noon tomorrow, the class of ’ll will hold their annual banquet. Following the game, there will be a smoker in the Union for all alumni. Sunday morning, the Purdue Mortar Board will hold their annual breakfast in the Union peasant
The Student Union ... ^ ... will conduct an information and guide bureau for returning alumni starting this afternoon at 4 o’clock. The desk will be in the main foyer of the Memorial Union Building. Union sophomores will act as guides and provide information. The Purdue News will be given grads to explain the campus and the day’s activities. The bureau will be open from 4 to 6 this afternoon and from 8 to game time tomorrow, according to John Richardson, Union vice-president in charge of the bureau. Immediately Folowing.. . . . the football game, the Student Union will sponsor a “Football Frolic” in the Union ballroom. Bud Bryant’s campus band will provide the music. The frolic is primarily tor leturning grads but everyone is welcome. It will continue from after the game until 6 o’clock. Admission is free. Welcome Alumni. . . . . . will stand 17 feet above the Memorial Union tower room. A black sign with gold illuminated letters will welcome alumni to the Union. Flood lights will light the Union front, and strings of colored lights will be strung from the building to the sidewalk. Inside decorations will consist mostly of flowers. Etchings... ... of the new building being built on the campus and those to be built will be shown in the Union music room today through Wednesday of next week. There will be a drawing and detailed plans of the central campus as it will be When the present construction plans are complete. There will be four drawings of the Cary Hall quadrangle, two of the Women’s Residence Halls, two of the Union additions, and one of the Music Hall and the Chemical Engineering Building. The etchings^ and drawings are copieg of the originals by Walter Scholer, state architect. Directory Proof Errors Must Be Reported Today Today is the last day students may inspect the University direcj^tory galley proofs for errors in their names, phone numbers, and addresses. The proofs are available at the Memorial Union desk, on the bulletin board in the Executive Building, and at the reference desk in the University Library. The Registrar urges that all errors or omissions be reported to his office by the finder in person.
Pres, C, Dykstra To Trdk At Banquet This Evening President C. A. Dykstra of Wisconsin University will be the principle speaker at the annual Homecoming Banquet in the Union ballroom tonight at six o’clock. M. W. Cameron, toastmaster, will introduce also David E. Ross, president of the board of trustees, and Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, to the alumni and faculty. Burr S. Swezey, president of the Alumni Association will present members of the varsity football team of 1913 with silver football trophies. Other speakers for the evening include Prof. G. A. Young, mechanical engineering school head, who will speak for the “P” Men’s club; Guy Sandt, assistant athletic director of Wisconsin; Mai Elward, football coach; Bob Woodworth, acting athletic director; and C. S. Doan ticket sales manager. During the banquet, John Petty, player who showed the most improvement last fall, will be awarded a watch by the Alumni Association. Following music by Artie Shaw and his orchestra and the University Glee Club, the meeting will be closed in time to allow everyone present to attend the pep session on Stuart Field. After the pep session, Artie Shaw and his nationally famous orchestra will play for the Homecoming Mixer in the Memorial Union ballroom from nine until midnight. Extinguish Blazes For Annual Fire School Exhibition Firemen yesterday extinguished oil fires and a flaming building as part of a demonstration for the fifth annual Fire School, which drew over 400 firemen from all over Indiana. There was also an exhibition of proper methods of handling a stream of water on a high tension line, volt meters being used to show the conductivity of the water. Before the demonstration, George Mansfield, chief inspector of the Massachusetts State Fire Mai'shal’s Department, told firemen of work done in his state in curbing firebugs. “Chemists, photographers, uniformed men, and detectives are now used in combating arson by scientific methods,” he stated, reporting 167 convictions out of 174 arrests in Massachusetts in the past year. Frosh Petitions Must Be Filed By Saturday R. Burns, H. Gano, T. D. Carpenter, R. De Garmo, and G. Jenkins have taken out petitions for Green Potter positions since the start of the election campaign Wednesday from the desk in the main foyer of the Union. Because the desk was not in operation yesterday, the period for obtaining petitions I'has been extended to Saturday, 4 to 6 p. m. Petitions must be turned in to the main desk by Saturday, October 29 with their 50 signatures.
Artie Shaw Mixer Ducats Going Fast; No Limit Set Yet “They’re going like hot cakes,” said Union vice-president Louis Morrison yesterday when asked about advance ticket sales for Friday night’s homecoming mixer featuring Artie Shaw and his band. Since the tickets have been placed on sale outside the sweet shop there has been a mad rush to obtain the priceless bits of cardboard. Forty-five were sold in a period of two hours last night. Although no limit has been set on the number of tickets, Morrison stated that if the present volume of sales continued, the committee no doubt would be forced to set a limit, since there is to be no dancing in the cafeteria. Former Professor Now Studies Patent Reforms Dr. S. C. Gilfillan, who last year held a special appointment at the University as assistant professor in sociology, is now engaged in research for the National Industrial Conference Board in New York City. He is gathering materials on invention and patent systems in the United States and is studying the proposed reforms on the patent system suggested by the monopoly investigation in Washington. Debris Pictures Reach New High Debris senior pictures taken so far this year reached a new high yesterday announced Fred Winters, ’39 editors A total of 1,011 pictures established the record. Jerry Carlon, photographer for the Debris, will have proofs of the first sittings back by November 7. Seniors will then be able to order finished portraits. The deadline for seniors planning to have their pictures taken at CarIon’s Indianapolis studio has been set for this week-end. The last call for sophomores on the editorial staff of Debris will be next Monday
Band Will Lead Students, Grads To Bonfire Pep Meet
Pre-Game Bulletin
Purdue Military Band—The University’s Military Band, composed of about 130 cadets, will make its initial debut on the Ross-Ade gridiron this season when it plays for the Purdue-Wisconsin pigskin tilt tomorrow afternoon. Unable to appear at the Purdue-Detroit game several weeks ago because of unfinished uniforms, the band is now completely outfitted. Seat^ Available—Both reserved seats and general admission tickets for the Homecoming football game will be available at the Ross-Ade Stadium at game time tomorrow. The kickoff will be pi-omptly at 2 o’clock. Zouaves—Making its first public appearance of the season under the leadership of a new captain. Cadet Captain Frank H. Hurst, the Purdue Order of Zouaves will present highlights of their precise military drill before alumni and students on the Ross-Ade Field tomorrow after-
Frolic Will Feiture Rural Atmosphere Taking on the appearance of John Purdue’s barn, the Union ballroom will become the scene of the annual Newman Club barnyard frolic on October 28 at 9 p. m. Music will be furnished by Irvan Maury’s campus band as the couples dance amid shocks of corn and hay, and prizes will be awarded for the most original and appropriate costumes. Tickets for the frolic go on sale at noon today at Deac’s, Southworth’s’ and the Union desk for one dollar per couple. The sale is limited to 500 tickets.
Former Grid Stars To Rally Fans On Stewart Field Tonight .Leaving the Armory at about 8:15 tonight, the Purdue Military Band will march up State street to the Union to lead what promises to be the biggest pep session in years. ^ Arriving at the main Union entrance at 8:30, the band will march through the building to the strains of “Hail Purdue.” The alumni banquet will be over at about this time and the old grads will fall in behind the bandsmen and exit through the east entrance, parading back to State street and thence to the village, where the student body will join the marchers. Continuing on to the bonfire at
Stewart Field via Northwestern avenue the team boosters will be addressed by “Red” Mackey, line coach, and “Pop” Doan. Coach Mai Elward and members of the team will not be in town to attend the session, since they return from a training trip tomorrow morning.
Helen Jepson, Soprano, To Sing Here For Second Convo Monday, Tuesday Acclaimed by many critics as the i———_ outstanding new personality in the music world, Helen Jepson, soprano will appear on the campus next Monday and Tuesday evenings, featured on the second of this year’s University convocation programs. The most beautiful woman on the lyric stage according to many. Miss Jepson began her singing career at Lake Chautauqua in New York. There she met the late Horatio Connell who advised her to study music. Gaining a scholarship from the Curtiss Institute at Philadelphia, she studied hard and met her lucky break through singing on a disting-
uished radio program.
Taking full advantage of the “break,” she soon found herself on top of thb musical world, making her debut opposite Lawrence Tibbett on the Metropolitan stage. Miss Jepson, because of the large crowd expected, will sing here two nights. The convocations will begin at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Gymnasium and are open to stu-
Helen Jepson
dents and faculty members only. Freshmen and senior’s only will be admitted Monday night, and sophomores and juniors will be admitted Tuesday nights. Passports will be
necessary for admission.
Lodde Preliminaries To Begin Next Tuesday Preliminaries for the 10th annual Lodde Speech Contest will be held next Tuesday afternoon in University Hall, it was announced yesterday. From the results of these qualifying speeches, eight or ten co-eds will be chosen to speak in the finals, which will be held in the Home Economics Building auditorium at 7:30 Wednesday evening. Co-eds who have already signed up for this contest will be notified by the committee in charge when they are to speak Tuesday afternoon. The winner will be given a desk plaque, and the organization amassing the greatest number of points will be awarded the possession of the Lodde Cup for one year. If the same organization wins the trophy three consecutive years, it will be given permanent possession
of the cup.
Sophomore forensic managers are trying to contact all co-eds eligible to enter this contest. For the benefit of those who have not yet signed up, there will be a desk in the Union lobby today noon. Also, co-eds may sign up in Room 101, University Hall, any day after 4:00 p. m. YWCA Music Group Makes'38-'39 Plans Organization of a i^usic appreciation group sponsored by YWCA was started yesterday afternoon in the YW office. Ruth Wattleworth, head of the group, explained the club’s program for the year. Meetings are planned to precede each musical convocation of the year. Works of the featured composers will be studied with special attention being given to sequence of themes and meaning of various passages throughout the compositions. By these discussions, the group hopes to develop a better understanding and deeper appreciation for symphonic music. If the club establishes a membership of 20 for the music group, application for a Federated -Music Club charter will be made. Interested faculty members are assisting the group to meet qualifications for the charter. A participation group is planning to learn YWCA songs which they will lead at YW mass meetings.
Telegram Started Homecoming Back In Pre-War Days
By Jim McKee Probably a wire from Fort Wayne the night of November 19, 1914 started Homecoming at Purdue. The following morning, the following story was run in the Exponent: “According to a dispatch from Port Wayne received last night, Purdue grads from Fort Wayne .... have decided to charter a special traction car to Lafayette for the Indiana game . . . About 100 are expected to attend.” A similar letter was sent to the Alumni Association and a short programVas drawn up for Saturday morning. The morning was spent
in informal class reunions, and at 12:30 was held the first Homecoming banquet. About 300 alumni were present. March To Game As a body, they marched to the game on Stuart Field. There was no Homecoming the following year, the I. U. game being played at Indiana. In 1916, the Indiana game was again at Lafayette. Indiana rooters brought a special train up for the contest. Alumni came from all Indiana, but still there was no talk of making the custom an annual affair.
November 3, 1917, Pui’due played Northwestern. This was the first official Homecoming at Pui'due. A full day program was planned by the Alumni Association. Friday evening a dance was held in the Memorial gymnasium, and 125 alumni attended. Decorations were accoi’ding to the spirit of the day, flags and buntings adorned the walls. A six-piece University band played waltzes, one-steps, and foxtrots for the homecoming grads. War Economy Due to war economy, no refreshments were served. Fraternities and sororities held open house for
the returning alumni. The lawns were not decorated. This custom did not start until a few years later. Now nearly 1000 alums attend the annual fall Homecoming, and over that figui’e come back in the spring for Gala Week. (Editor’s Note: This afternoon at 4:30 WBAA will present another chapter of the Purdue Scrapbook entitled “How Homecoming Started At Purdue.” Bill Ash is in charge of the program. The script was written by Helen Walters.
Promise Lively Session A lively session is promised, however, since numbered among the speakers will be “Brownie” Usner, tackle on the Purdue ’ll, ’12, and ’13 elevens. “Brownie” last night promised to introduce several of his teammates from among the pep sessioners. “Stubby” Meier has been promised the assistance of J. B. “Thundering Barney” Theiss, class of ’06, in leading the Boilermaker fans in thfiir yells. “Thundering Barney” ranks as one of the immortals on the roster of past Pm’due cheerleaders. Late as the pep session is scheduled to begin, it will be over in plen-" ty of time for students and grads who plan to attend the Union mixer later in the evening to take part in the rally. Stanley Reed Speaks At Junior - Senior Leadership School “An activity is something extra, but it is something that does not end when you leave school. While you are in school you must not forget that your studies are primary, and that the activities are supplementary. After your college days are through, your bread and butter job is primary and your activity affords you recreation and entertainment.” So Stanley Reed summed up and correlated activities in college with activities and employment after- ' wards at the first Activity Bui’eau school held last night in the Union ballroom before 50 junior and senior activity students. Tells Of Union Building At the first of his talk, he told of the work put forth in the creation and realization of the Purdue Memorial Union Building. “It is a place of opportunity; a place to free yourself from the tension of the class room and laboratory; and primarily a place for pleasure,” he said. He was the first executive secretary of the Union, coming here from Pittsburgh where he was employed at the time. “You can not overlook the importance of grades along with activities. A person who makes good grades easily should have all the activities he can bite off. Others shoiild have activities in proportion to their scholastic index,” he added. . While at Purdue, Green was business manager of the Exponent, president of PAA and YMCA, and was a member of the varsity debate squad and of Little Theatre. At present he is vice president and the chief engineer of the Duncan Meter Company of Lafayette. Me is an EE ’18 graduate.
'■il£diJbJuat
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
J^icHwuUk
Friday, October 21, 1938
Spinach By Betty Wickard
Why is it that the colonel’s lady, with practically unlimited resources, may still manage to resemble the net result of a rummage sale while Judy O’Grady looks like a million on $25 a week? The answer is this: Judy may not know anything about the government’s planned economy, but she does know what a carefully worked out yearly budget plan will do for her appearance. Since most of us are not so wise as our heroine, Margaretta Byers, in “Designing Women,” comes to our rescue with practical points for budgeteers. First on the list of the things we never learn is never trust to love at first sight in buying a costume. If you can live without a man or a dress, don’t go for either. Secondly, never buy anything you hadn’t planned to buy, and above all don’t purchase an article, no matter how charming, if you are already well-stocked with that sort of thing. If you have a definite price in mind, before you go shopping, you’ll have many more pennies jin, your pocket at the end of the month. However, it usually pays to buy comparatively expensive accessories, since a three dollar belt will make a little ten dollar dress look like a twentyfive dollar model. Buy things that can be used more than one season; costumes that can assume a different personality with a change of accessories are especially practical. . As for color, designing women stick to one basic daytime color scheme per season. Beware of the bright colors, no matter how fashionable they may be, because everyone rememUers a colorful ensemble. Last and very important is beware of high style. What is the height of fashion nowj may be absolutely out in December.
Today - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
The War Was Over But Nobody Told Them !
bpiiieily Runs High, Wide and Hilarious!
_ Plus — Coeds Caught in a Mad Maze of Midnight Mystery!
Also Comedy Here’s Your Hat
TODAY
SATURDAY
wHIi BETTY GRABLE ELEANORE WHITNEY WILLIAM HENRY and “HANK” LUISETTI AlLAnierican Basketball Star
and ^.Jdet
By Georgann Schilling
Perhaps this will be the weekend for that “something different” you’ve been hoping would happen. A glance at the ' social calendar shows quite a crop of. pledge dances coming up. The Thetas are having their dance at Allen’s ballroom tonight. Artie Shaw and his famous swing band will reign over the Homecoming Mixer tonight in the Union Building. —H-H— Besides the regular mixer on Homecoming night, jitterbugs and swingsters will have a chance to dance at a number of fraternity dances. Among the Greek organizations honoring their pledges tomorrow night are the ATO’s, the Delta Chis, Theta Taus, Kappa Delta Rhos and the Sigma Alpha Mus. All of these dances will be held at the Various chapter houses. -H-H— On Sunday at 11:45 o’clock, Louise Edwards, former Purdue co-ed, will conduct the first of a series of four collegiate radio programs honoring Indiana colleges. Louise is now employed at Straus’s in Indianapolis, and will dedicate the first program, broadcast over Station WFBM, to Indiana University. At the same hour on the following Sunday, Purdue will be the - honored school. Campus students are urged to listen to the entertainment this Sunday and send in your ideas for ^ Purdue’s program. Contributions addressed to HIM and HER should be left in the Exponent box. We’ll see that Louise hears of your ideas.
have all had several campus dates, their theme song goes; FRESHMAN ODE I’ve had enough. Of college stuff, I want to go home to mommer. FAMOUS LAST LINE: I have decided ’tis better to have loved and I^t than to look at the same m»g>all your life.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
This Trade Dinner madness isn’t such a bad idea after all. At least some of the boys seem to like the dates they’re getting this year. MANETTA OHM AN and her Sigma Nu date were at the Blazer after the Sig Nu-AIpha Chi dinner. And Betas LEWIS, SMITH, TROYER had their Alpha Chi dates at Lambs. But fancy seeing TROYER anywhere except Lambs unless it would be the Blazer!! Beta POWELL and his date were there too, (but she’s not an Alpha Chi). Some fun! He: “Dancing is the poetry of motion,” She: “You must be fond of prose.” Complaints, criticism, old jokes— nobody likes our column; yet everyone reads it and gripes! The unorganized (but not PIA members) resent the idea of fraternities and sororities gct1in,g so much publicity. The organized kiddies gripe about unknown students, in v/hom no one is interested, rating the column; some seem to think the cracks are too risque, others want it , to be just a little funny. As for us, we just want to go home! “I am ending it all because of my fiancee. She just returned my ring,” “Gee, you’re lucky! Mine got so fat she couldn’t get the ring off.” Now that the residence hall gals
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 Ail kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
nttTHREE MESQUITEEftS BOB LIVINGSTON MnoarnooK, .BAY CORRIGAN
and
“We’ve turned out a beautiful new'job, Chief, but it ain’t practical yet-^it won’t wear out!”
THRIILS SWEEP THE RBVEBti
—ALSO— ‘ZORRO RIDES AGAIN’
Last Times Today LLOYD NOLAN GAIL PATRICK
“KING OF ALCATRAZ”
Starting TOMORROW
LUMA TODAY - SAT.
2 FiUST RUN HBTS
with LYNN OVERMAN DONALD O’CONNOR
622-626 Main St.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
Lafayette, Ind. Fail Styles in
"TYBEST"
NECKWEAR
for Men
"SINCERE"
MEN'S SHIRTS
with the
Trubenized Collar This shirt has proved to be a sensation with thrifty buyers. These quality shirts are shown in the new smart broadcloths and shantungs — sanforized
pre-shrunk. All Sizes
$1.50
The new fall designs and fascinating colors have arrived—and they are certainly good to look at. Selection so varied your favorite color is sure to be here. Ties into a perfect knot 55c and $1
Privacy Plus Good Food A combination that will help make your family and friends visit to Purdue a pleasant one. The privacy of Hutton’s will give your guests a chance to see you, while they enjoy a well planned dinner.
HUnON'S CAFE
410 FERRY ST.
LAFAYETTE
omecomm^
/
K Chrysanthemum or a Corsage for the Game Flowers for the Homecoming Dinner Table
^otL 6 ^ionst
Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050m
... . ^
Friday, October 21, 1938
THE PURDUE
E3a>ONENT
Cross Country
Team Out To Ruin
Badgers' Record
Out to wreck Wisconsin’s hope for its 26th straight victory in dual cross country meets, Boilermaker distance men will tangle with the Badger runners here Saturday as an opening feature to the sports activities scheduled to start at 10 o’clock in the practice football field north of the Pieldhouse.
With Fenske safely graduated however, Aft Bodeau seems a likely choice to lead the pack around the course and thus aid the Riveters' cause along materially. Art has been showing much improvement of late, and fan the course in 18.02 minutes in practice last Tuesday. Mel Trutt, one of the long line of great Indiana distance men, is the only runner who has bettered this time for the course.
'fielder*#..., ^ ....choice
By Bruce Witwer
account, there really isn't much of a basis upon which to compare the two teams .. . if the Boilermaker attack starts to click at all, we’ll say that they can’t be stopped ... Brown and Brock are two fast stepping backs who are hard to catch.
The meet is to be held on the old cross country course, the new course laid out by Coach Phillips having proved to be just a little too tough for the team in earlier contests.
Tomorrow a Wisconsin double feature will take the stage for the homecoming fans . . in the morning the Badger cross-country squad will take on Coach Phillips men who are fresh from a win over Illinois, and then in the afternoon, two teams making bids for recognition in the grid files of the Big Ten.
-fc-
-fc—
Fenske Missing Chuck Fenske, one of Wisconsin’s greatest runners, is the only man missing froM the squad which beat the Boilermakers last year, 36-19.
The Boilermaker team is composed of the following men: A. Bodeau, A. P. Knapp, P. B. Marbzick, A. V. Gaulke, R. H. Fatout, W. M. White, and C- C. Reeves.
-fc-
Accounts for Sale
The following accounts are offered by the undersigned as Agents, for sale: Account J. F. Hall, 1205 Kossuth, Lafayette.. : ...$ 89.01 Mrs. V. E. McComas, 1203 Main, Lafayette 106.92 J. C. Welch, 111 S. 2nd, Lafayette. ! 193.62 Pearl Michael, 1115 N. 8th, Lafayette 36.00 Delbert Lehman, 1015 N. 7th, Lafayette 41.60 Harold Lane, 717 S. 1st, Lafayette....... 97.09 Ruth Goonen, 1108 Pontomac Av., Lafayette.. 27.35 Harry Girth, 1119 Ferry, Lafayette..... 15.90 Roy Frankenberg, 430 S. 3rd, Lafayette... 17.97 Irene Ford, 817 N. 13th, Lafayette........ 22.66 Mildred Fischer, 701 N. 4th, Lafayette ; 27.76 Laura Cain, 309 Fairmount, Lafayette.. 91.59 Chas. Bowen, 425 Asher, Lafayette..... 20.25 Marjory Williams, 219 N. 8th, Lafayette 19.85 Mrs. Harry Ruch, R. R. No. 9, Lafayette 42.93 The above listed accounts are guaranteed by the owners to be CORRECT AND UNDISPUTED and will be advertised for sale until sold. All bids for the purchase of the above accounts will be received at the office of the undersigned.
POWER’S SERVICE
400 South State St.
Chicago, Ills.
Everything points to the fact that both Wisconsin and Purdue are considerable stronger this year than they were last year, when they battled to a 7-7 tie . , . looking at the cold facts, Wisconsin appears to hold an edge on the contest. . . they ran up large scores in their first two games and then played on par with a strong Pittsburgh team last week although Pitt converted more of their ground gaining efforts into points.
Intramural Notices
-fc
On the other hand, Purdue put on good offensive exhibitions in its first two games but was considerably outgained by both Minnesota and Fordha'm . . . however, they gave evidence of some real defensive power when the crucial moments arrived . . . taking everything into
TOUCHBALL PRACTICE
Today
SOFTBALL RESULTS Ward 6, 3; Cary Hall 10, 0. Ward 7X, 1 ; Cary Hall 9, 0.
POPCORN
Bir the
Gallon
Try taking a large box or sack to the game with you.
You'll enjoy it.
DAB'S PLACE - SO HANDY
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
WELCOME
A L U M NI
hL jjDJUA, Tl^hmufdaL lAnmn, hsIfL Jb maJksL ipuk. ahiL mifiSL mptjohhL and, com^iMabbL
WALK THROUGH THE UNION, MEET OLD FRIENDS, AND VISIT IN THE UNION LOUNGES
EARLY SPECIAL LUNCHEON SERVICE WILL BE PROVIDED SATURDAY ' BEFORE THE GAME
The Cafeteria will open at 10:00 A. M. The Chestmit Koom will open at 11:00 A. M.
The Sweet Shop and Grill, as usual, will be Open All Day for Special Service to Returning Alumni.
A SPECIAL 60c LUNCHEON Will be served to Alumni and visitors in tbe Ballroom Beginning at 11:00 A. M.
Encourage Your Friends and Alumni to Headquarter in the
PIJRIIIJE MEMORIAL UNION
Corner of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activities
Badger Grid Team Nurses Injuries From Pitt Game
Tomorrow’s game will carry on a 12 year WisOonsin Homecoming record . . . the Badgers have provided the “even-year” Homecoming opposition here ever since 1926.
Will Face Boilermakers Tomorrow Without Service Of Bill Schmitz, Basing Ace; Murray Also Hurt
Not forgetting the cross-country meet . . . Wisconsin hasn’t been beaten in a dual meet in the last 25 straight contests . . . seeing that 25 is a nice round number, the Purdue runners have decided that they might as well break the string of victories now and save the Badger coach a lot of worry later on when the record might become too much of a burden.
Disappointed, but ndt disheartened by their decisive defeat at the hands of the powerful Pittsburgh Panthers, Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s Wisconsin Badgers will invade Ross-Ade Stadium tomorrow in an effort to put the skids under Mai Elward’s “Battlin’ Boilermakers.” The up and coming Badgers didn’t get the breaks against Pitt and may be due to come through to spoil the Purdue homecoming. The Wisconsin squad can boast of a number of very fine individual performers. Wisconsin fans up in Madison are —i-.—
Field Official 1— -Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Acacia. Fishel 2— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta.
McGrath
3— Cary Hall 9 vs. Ward 7X. Luce 4— ^Cary Hail 10 vs. Ward IX. Berry 5— Ward 2 vs. Ward 6. Evers 6— Ward 3 vs. Cary Hall 1. Weiioia 7— Ward 4 vs. Ward 9. Lamoureaux
betting on Howard Weiss, 200 pound Badger fullback, to pull down quite a few honors in post-season all-star ratings. “Howie” is said to combine the line-bucking of a Gopher fullback with the speed and shiftiness of a halfback. In Wisconsin’s games so far this season Weiss has. paced the Badger backfield in yards gained, averaging almost four yards per try against the almost impregnable defense of the Pittsburgh Panthers. Howie’s devastating ability to block aided the Badgers in gaining about 300 yards from scrimmage against the Panthers. Weiss js rated by Wisconsin supporters as one of the greatest defensive backs in Badger gridiron history. His crashing tackles have saved the Madison boys from having several embarrassing touchdowns scored upon them.
Purdue. Without Schmitz in the lineup Coach Harry Stuhldreher’s aerial offense will be greatly handicapped. Backfield Men With Schmitt unable to play and Tony Gradinik still recovering from an injury received in the Iowa encounter, the Badger backfield will have to be filled in by sophomore Johnny Tennant, who is promising, but still lacks experience; Roy Beilin, regular right halfback, who may be shifted to left half- Claud York, a rugged sophomore; or Vince Cibik, a shifty senior. Coach Stuhldreher is rightly worried over the showing this makeshift backfield will make against the Boilermakers.
Murray Hurf' Across from co-captain Paul Humphrey in the Badger line will be Jack Murray, giant Wisconsin center, and a very fine defensive player. Jack was injured in last Saturday’s game with the Panthers, receiving a sprained ankle on the opening kick-off play. It is considered almost certain that he will be able to start against the Boilermakers, however.
Wisconsin’s line is still bruised from the terific battering they received at the hands of the hardcharging Pittsburgh backs, but its hurts are only superficial and tbe Badger front line will enter the Purdue game in top condition. Harry Stuhldreher is expected to use almost the same line which he had at the start of the Pitt game last week.
Bill Schmitz, ace Badger passer and open field runner injured his shoulder in the Pitt game and probably will not see action against
The University of New Mexico has a special lightning research project.
There are nine college alumni associations that are more than 100 years old.
Style Center of Lafayette
Selected by “The Fashion’ With You in Mind
44
Odds and Evens
99
for your mix-’em or match-’em outfits
SKIRTS—Plain colored or plaid.——. $3.98 Also $1.98 to $5.98 PLAID JACKET ...$6.98 WOOL or VELVET JACKETS .$5.98 SUEDE FABRIC BUSH COATS .$4.98 SUEDE JERKINS $3.98 “MIDGIE” ANGORA SWEATERS. $2.98 Other Sweaters $1.98 to $5.98 WOOL JERSEY BLOUSES SILK or SATIN SHIRTS $1.98-$3.98
Beautiful Silk Stockii^
The smart new shades you want!
a pair
Stocking colors created to blend with the new Fall costume and accessory shades.
B. V. D. Pajamas for Sleep and Study $1.98
Beautifully Tailored in plain colors or gay prints.
Smart TwoPiece Styles
■'ii
% *
m^[ocaL ddJL
THE PURDIIE EXPONENT
TiaticsA,
Friday, October 21, 1938
Classiiied Ads
ROOM FOR RENT—Continuous hot water. Share with graduate student. 708 Vine.
MISCELLANEOUS
I WANT TO BUY A TUXEDO. Call 66494. Size 36-38.
Notices
report to Union workshop at 4 p. m. Friday, October 21. —WILLIAMSON.
game Saturday, October 22. —McFADDEN.
Sophomores: Last call-out for.sophomores to work on the editorial staff of the Debris will beJIWidftyr-Qctobfir 24. —WINTER.
Battery F-1: No baseball Friday night, October 21. —HOBBS.
Activities: Will representatives of all activities not listed on^ last year’s Activities Chart please notify mff'by telephone 2437. (10-22) —LUTZ.
FOR SALE
WANTED—Boys to work Saturday afternoon, October 22. Apply Purdue Union Cafeteria.
Reamer Club: All members meet at 7 p. m. on’ Friday, October 21 for pep session in the village. —JACKS.
WAA Council: Meeting Friday, October 21, at 4:00 p. m. Very short but important. —MERRITT.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff. 605. Main street.
There are eight naval reserve officers’ training units in U. S. colleges and universities.
AIChE: Meeting in room 320 of the Chemistry Building .Tuesday, October 26, at 4:00 p. m. F. M. Truesdale of the Hammermill Paper Co., will speak on Sulphite Paper. —JACOBI.
Union Sophomores: Important meeting for all sophomore men in the work shop Friday, October 21. —DEMARS.
FOR SALE—Golden mii.skrat fur coat, size 36 at $.5—Philco r<Tdio—man's topcoat and overcoat. Phone 41102,
ROOMS FOR RENT ROOM FOR RENT for man student. 212 North St.. W. Lafayette, Ind.
Columbia University is fostering the “international point of view” through a newly organized Council of International Publications.
Telephone 4081
THE BEST FOR "THE BEST"
Furs — Cleaned by true furrier methods. Dresses— Beautifully Dry Cleaned and Pressed. Men's Suits and Overcoats—Cleaned and Pressed as you like them by highest quality methods.
Rejuvenate the appearance of your wardrobe by having your clothes cleaned in the careful manner which assures longer wear and smarter good looks. Just phone us tor prompt pick-up and delivery service.
Northwestern at Vine
Phdne 4081
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Catterall or Harris at the Engineer office on Friday, October 21, at 4 :00 p. m.: Layson, Kennedy, Duncan, Magoff, McElroy, Shankland, Denlinger. —CATTERALL,
PIA Orchestra: Important orchestra practice Friday, October 21, at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. All new men who are interested should report with instruments. —SHINN.
Glee Club: Very important rehearsal on Friday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —WORCESTER.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers: Taylor, Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton, Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reister. . —CAN. WAA Council: Meeting Friday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in the WAA office. —RODERICK.
WAA Hockey: Ail girls are urged to attend the open hockey practice Friday, October 21, at 4 p. m. —SHAFFER. WAA Council Members: Bring membership dues to meeting Friday, October 21, at 4 p. m. —MORRIS. Independent Co-eds: AH independent coeds interested in the Lodde Contest be sure to sign up in room 101 University Hall Friday or Saturday, October 21 or 22. —MYER.
Football Ushers: The following men report at the Stadium on Saturday, October 22, a£ 12:16 o'clock: G. V. Beard, M, S. Brinduse, J. W. Castino, L. L. Chaffee, John Clarke, C. R. DeReamer, P. W. Edwards, H. F. Fishburn, D. T. Fisher, H. F. Goforth, R.. H. Graves, V. D. Harmes, R. W. Heckel, H. Laycock, D. C.. Meyer, W. E. PeflEer, S. R. Peterson, M. Pugaez, W. D. Rodney, R. Schrohe, C. T. Swan, D. G. Terrio, C. Wagner, K. S. Warren, R. T. Wunderlich, R, H. Wyezawski, S. L. McMormick, S. Ruck; R. A. Voigt,’ J. F. Spitler, and L. H. Hutchinson. All men who ushered at the Detroit game, report at the same time. Any other men who want to usher at the Wisconsin game report at the applied mechanics office in Purdue Hall before Saturday. —SANDERS.
Student Book Exchange: Will the following people please call for their books at the Student Union Office: D. Darmer, A. Hustvedt, W. Vick, H. Cary, J. Wprterburger, M. Carr, B. Short, R. Ray, D. Hutt', J. Shoemaker, C. Mills, B. Dygert, and W. Fenstermaker. (10-21) —RICHARDSON.
Wesley Foundation: Wesley Foundation will have a masked Hallowe’en party Friday, October 21, between’ 7:30 and 9 p. m. at the Methodist Church. Everyone welcome. —HOOVER.
Student Chevalier DeMoIays: All Chevalier DeMolays call Robert Borton any evening between 6 and 6:80 before October 21. Phone 46022. —MOORE.
Distinguished Howitzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Each application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries will be placed in order in which they’ are submitted. —FAULCONER.
Sophomore Union Workers: My committee
Ptirdue Religious Council: The practice party for the Scarecrow Ball is postponed from Friday, October 21,v to Wednesday, November 2. —McFADDEN. Wesley Foundation: Students and alumni are cordially invited to attend a tea at the Foundation house immediately after the
Camera Club: Those interested in darkroom instruction on Friday, October 21, from 6 to 8 p. m., call me at 6066. —DERNER.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before Saturday noon, October. 29. Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject was given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar's Office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 29, if properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. , —FISHER.
Lodde Contestants: Sign up for Lodde co-ed speech contest after 4 p. m. any day this week in room 101 of University Hall. (10-22) —PHILLIPS.
Wisconsin Alumni: Reverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6 :i5. Tickets are selling at $1. A table will be reserved. A. J. Berge, alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin. —BAUGH.
the Purdue Exponent Service , Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everythino for a College Education H. G. REISNER
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD j. RISK—D.D.S. ROBERT G. RISK—O.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701
• jewelers
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do It well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Shoe Repair
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Christmas Cards
• Tailor
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Designs with Envelopes fpr $1.50. Finest Quality Art SS.CiO. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, Georgia
sparrendahl—tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
ATTENTION! Don’t Be Thrown For a Loss ... Keep Up To Date
■With SOCIETY BRAND Suits and Topcoats They've jusf been unpacked — a whole big shipment of smart' Fall Clothes in the newest styles and materials. Come In and give your eyes a treat today.
’BjuiliojnX. ^ INC.
s "BACK ONCE MORE for the "GRADS" Yes, they're coming back. And coming, back is an awaited pleasure for them. Old friendships, old acquaintances, and old memories are revived among the familiar “scenes of Old Purdue.” Here’s to a happy reunion and the many more to come.
n
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048