IN THE NEWS Week-Long Xgricultural .Qonf^rence Encfs Today
Volyme 53, No. 93
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, lenuaty 1942
^Hie VitSiaMK MERinr*«0'
By Brew Pearson Etnd Robert S. Allen
' Lattilf A'Inerican Nations PondH U. S. War Trade Af f^an-Am. Conference RIO DE JANERIO, Jan. 15. — While the weightest minds in Rio are concerned with a declaration of war or severing diplomatic relations with the Axis, another vitally important discussion is going on behind the scenes regarding war supplies and Pan-American trade. As a matter of fact, reciprocal trade, as Cordell Hull long has pointed out, actually has everything in the world to do with our political alliances. For instance, it happens that we cannot buy Argentine beef, wheat, corn, and butter because we have quantities of these {Products ourselves. It also happens that Argentina is the chief nonconformist at this conference. Likewise, Chile, in ordinary times, competes with our copper and our fruit. Today, Chile also is lukewarm about too positive action against the A^^is. On the other hand, the tropical countries produce lubber, coffee, cocoa, mahogany, oils, hemp substitutes. These do not compete with us, and it happens that they are thb' best:- friends we have against Hitler and Hirohito. In regard to trade, two sets of discussions afe going on behind the scenes in Rio. One is the attempt to get more vital war materials for the U. S. A.—Chilean copper, Bolivian tin, Brazilian rubber, Peruvian quinine, Brazilian manganese, quartz, tungsten, tung oil and a long list of other things. The second discussion is regarding the future. For what LatinAmerican nations want to know is whether this wartime trade is going to keep up after th>e Dutch East Indies, Malaya and Africa come back to their own. • America's Tropical Empire As long ago as 1935, four years before War .started in Europe and seven years before we began to worry about tip and lubber. Foreign Minister Iswaldo Aranha, then Brazilian Ambassador in the United States, urged, begged and cajoled our State and Commerce Departments to buy more tropical products from South America, instead of Malaya, the Dutch East Indies and Africa. “We should trade by hemispheres,” Aranha argued. “Europe has her colonies in Africa and Asia from which she gets coffee, rubber, tin and all sorts of tropical products. And Europe will always favors her own colonies. “In South America we produce exactly the same things. Yet you buy from Europe’s colonies in A?ia and Africa instead of buying from us. Furthermore, you have to haul it half way round the world. It is expensive, and in time of war you might not be able to get it at'all.” There are a lot of people in high places in Washington today who wish they had taken Ai’anha’s advicc’and begun, seven years ago, to build djp our rubber and tin supp}ie,s in South America instead of the South Pacific. However, when Aranha, by that tipie Brazilian Poieign Minister, came to Washington in 1938 and uiged that we send agricultural experts to Brazil to advise regarding increased•) ubber planting, the U. S. Agriculture Depai tnient actually balked at'spending the necessary $40,000 and wanted this amount paid by the State Department. Now that the war is on, the great bulk of Latin-Americans are just as anxious over Singapore and the Dutch East Indies as we are. They sec their fall as a great victory for Japan and a great blow to democracy. However, many Latin-Amei-icans camiot understand why nve insisted on getting our tin and rub(Continued on page 4)
Registration For Coed Rdsh Will Begin At 10, Tomorrow Morning Women Students Start Rush Activities Sunday Second semester soi’ority rush will get under way tomorrow when all coeds who desire to organize will register in the great hall of the Union from 10 a. m. to 1 p. m. A fee of two dollars must be paid by each rushee at this time. Bai’bara Ann Adkins, president of Pan-Hellenic Council, has announced that the houses may start rushing functions anytime after 9 a. m. Sunday morning. Rushing is to be of an informal nature, and will be carried on at each house’s discretion. All rushing' functions must end by 6 p. m. on Saturday, Jan. 24. Pledging may take place at any time during or after the rushing period, m.j.l. Groups Will Collect Books For Military Units Tomorrow Fiction, technical, scientific, llteratuie, history, biography and travel are the types of books now being requested by the United States War and Navy Departments for all military units, navy, army and marines. The books will be collected by members of the local Boy Scouts, library stalf members and faculty wives, in the West Lafayette community tomorrow morning; and all cooperative houses, fraternities and sororities, residence halls and other houses are expected to cooperate. Children’s books arc also requested, as part of the ten million quota, and will be sent to the industrial munition factory families. American Library Association, cooperating with the Red Ci'oss and USO, is sponsoring the book collection drive. The University and the Student War Council have approved the effort. Books making up the 10,000 quota for this community may be of almost any type. Technical and scientific books, and those of travel should not be more than ten years old. Poetry was one of the popular classes in the last war. Miscellaneous books on hobbies or current aifairs, and dictionaries, are also welcome. If desiied the name of the donor and his address may be wiittcn on the flyleaf, a.l.w. Officers Will Select Aviation Candidates In order to select Aviation Cadet candidates. Aviation Cadet Examining Bjoard No. 1, headed by Major Jo.seph E. More, will visit the University again from Jan. 27 to Fob.
3-
Since the board’s last visit here a number of changes have been made in Air Coips"rules. Educational requirements for NavigatoiBombardier applicants have been lowered and the physical requirements for this group ( have been placed on the same level as those for pilots. Married men who can prove they have no one fully dependent on their incomes are eligible; and local ejfamining boards have been authorized to order men direct to Air Coips training centers without long periods of waiting. ' I Under this new policy the examining board will be able to inform all applicants immediately whether they are accepted, when they will go on duty (as well as grant reasonable deferment) and to what camp t’hey will go. n.e. Bill Kennedy To Sing Over WBAA At 4:30 Bill Konnedyi soloist singer with the Glee Club and Concert choir, will be the guest artist on WBAA’s weekly musical series this afternoon at 4:30 p. m. This week’s broadcast is different from those in the past in that a male soloist will be presented. Each week one of the University’s musical organizations offers a program. Kennedy will sing “Boots” by Felman; “None But the Lonely Heai t," by Tschaikowsky; “Invictus,” by Huhn; and “Green Eyed Dragon,” by Charles, a.l.w.
Tau Betds Join Bond Crusade University branch of Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary, voted in a meeting list night to donate their entire financial resources, amounting to approximately $400, to buy defense bonds. In order to make the purchase of the bonds possible,^ Tau Beta Pi has cancelled all steak fries and other social activities for the present. This donation marks another in a series of similar actions by other organizations on the campus who are sacrificing social activities to help the U. S. win the war.
Brown To Play At Union Mixer Tomorrow At 9 Comparatively new in the field of top flight bands, Les Brown brings his 16-piece outfit to town tomorrow for an informal mixer in the Union from 9 to 12. Althbugh Brown’s orchestra is the biggest “big-name-band” to visit the campus this season, the standard price of $1.10 will be admission charge. Brown’s orcliestra was not well known until this past year. During that time his band has received write-ups in many music publications and has brought itself recognition in Chicago. Featured in the program will be Les Brown on the saxophone, Abe Most on the clarinet, and NaLPolen on the drums. Their vocalist is Ralph Young, a former mail clerk who quit his job to start his singing career several years ago. g.s. DeMolays To Hold Sport Dance Tonight Featuring Iry Given Irv Given and his campus band will play tonight in the north ballroom of the Union for the annual DeMolay dance. The sport dance, which is open to the public, is sponsored by the Tippecanoe chapter of the Order of DeMolay. The backdrop, made by student Union workers, features the insignia of the organization. Tickets will be on sale at the door for $1.10. Reception for the chaperones at the dance will be held in the old walnut room during the intermission. Host and hostess for the deception will be Judge and Mrs. Fred Prass, of Lafayette. General chairman for the affair is Richard Prass. He is assisted by Jack Brand and James Richardson.
P.g.h.
Goldsmith Will Lecture To Cosmo Club Today This afternoon at 4:30 p. m. in room 304 of the Union the Cosmopolitan Club will launch its new pro^'ram for the coming semester. Besides the appointment of several club committees and an announcement concerning the new program schedule, summarization of the national convention, held at the University during Christmas vacation, will be given. Assistant Dean of Men F. 1. Goldsmith, faculty advisor and National President of the Corda Fratreo Association of Cosmopolitan Clubs, will speak on the dutip of Cosmopolitan Club members as part of the national organization. Questionnaires as to individual members’ interest will be distributed and filled out. j.v.s. Ann Tweed ale . .women’s cooperative house, announces the election of the following officers: Doris Rockwell, president; Ruth Lumpkin, vicepresident; Athelecn Bandolier, secletaiy; Betty Miller, treasurer; Margaret Young, house purchaser; Barbai'a Wilcox, work manager; Elizabeth Douglas, kitchen purchaser; Anna Shively, social chaii'man; Joan Beckner, book club I'epretJentalivo; Anna Louise Brewer, athletic director; Caroljrn McCrary, AWS representative; Sara Shively and Ruth Lumpkin, interview committee.
Band, Concert Choir Help Indiana Leaders In Defense Bond Sale Movie Celebrities Take Part In Rally Program Playing popular and patriotic music ye.sterday at the nation’s first war rally at the Cadle Taberna^cle in Indianapolis, the Purdue Symphonic Band helped Indiana leaders oi the defense program sell defense
bonds.
The Drum and Bugle Corps of Culver Military Academy and the Indiana University band competed with the University in the “Battle of the Bands.” The University Concert Choir completed the program. ‘Buy From Carole’ Carole Lombard and Will Hays, Hollywood celebrities who were both born in Indiana, took part in a flag raising ceremony and in the “Buy a Bond from Carole” campaign before last night’s performance. The flag' which was raised on the Capitol’s flag pole is the one which was [flying over the White House on the day the United States declared war on Japan. At 2 p. m. the defense bond sale began in the state house rotunda. Miss Lombard sold the bonds and gave photographed and pei’sonally autographed receipts to the purchasers. Following the musical numbers, a special program was broadcast over a nation-wide hook-up. p.s. John Newman Honors Outstanding Dairymen At State Dairy Banquet Dairymen whose herds have made outstanding records dui'ing the past year were honored at the Indiana State Dairy Association banquet last night when President John Newman of Culver awarded 125 Medal of Merit herd and 27 Meritorious Sire awards to nearly 150 herd owners. ' Fred Siess, of Lebanon, was elected president of the State Dairy Association at the meeting. Owners of more than ten cows were eligible foi the awards. Gold medals were given to those herds producing at least 400 pounds of butter fat in one year; 350 pounds, the silver medal; and 300 pounds, the bronze medal. Certificate of Production awards were presented to those herd owners of less than 10 cows and more than five that aver’aged 400 pounds of butter fat in a year. Owners of outstanding herd sires, those that had six or more heifers from five or more dams, and producing at least 300 pounds of butterfat rn not more than a year were givci^ Mentorious Sire awards. Those sires whose heiters averaged 500 pounds of butter fat or moie received the gold award; 400 pounds, a silver medal; and 300 pounds, the bronze award. Men who received gold medals at the barrquet were: T. A. Stangland, Albion; Robert Yeager, Earl Pbrk; W. V. Bratton, Crawfordsville; F. R. Reese, Muncie; Mar-vin Golden, Nappanee; G. E. Bowman, Middlebur y; H. C. Geflin, Franklin; Darius Kingen, Anderson; D. G. Tweedahl, Evansville, and Clarence Lehman, Goshen, e.h.a. WBAA Will Present Play, 'Lady Novelist' “Lady Novelist,” a satire, will be presented tomorrow at 1 p. rn. by Radio Stage, WBAA’s own weekly program. The play was written by Sonya R. Williams and depicts what might go on in the private life of a successful woman novelist and her professor husband. Larry Myers, Radio Stage director, will produce the show and the cast will include Tom McCi um, Sally Mur fey, Dorlas Tribble, Dick Kohls, with Walter Butz on sound effects, a.l.w. Dr. G. D. Scarseth . . .• Social Chemist, will speak in Lansing, Mich., February 3 to 5, to the State College Farmers’ Conference on the subject of “Now Ideas on the Use of Fertilizers” and “What Constitutes Soil Fertility.”
37 Former Agricultural Students Receive Awards Breeder Associations Alumni Association Presents
Plan Future Programs At Conference Here Resolutions asking the release of crop growing restrictions on feed crops during the war were adopted at the annual meeting of the Indiana Guernsey Breed.er’ Association here Wednesday. The resolutions pointed to the shortage of feed in this state because of the effort by all dairymen to meet the government’s increased call for more dairy products. The Guernsey men also asked restoration of the power of the Indiana Livestock Sanitary Board to aid in the fight to control Bang’s disease. Siess Receives Cane Fred Seiss, Lebanon, who has served as president of the Association for the last seven years, was presented a cane as a token of appreciation of the club 'members. The association voted to hold its annual state sale at Indianapolis in October and a field day in July. At the annual banquet of the organ|ization Wednesday night, 'certificates were awarded to 107 members who owned cows that had a lifetime production of 4,000 pounds or moi'e of butterfat. These awards made a total of 385 that have been presented in the four years the club has been in existence. Harold McMurtrie, Huntingburg, incomingpresident, seived as toastmaster. Hereford Breeders-Too Beef cattle men, especially producers of pure-bred herds, are much encouraged by the optimism in this phase of the livestock business, it was revealed at their meetings at the Univeisity duiing the Agiicultural Conference. The Hereford Breedeis’ Association, headed by Paul Stoner of Ladoga, voted to hold their annual .sale at the Univeisity farm in Opitober. The Shorthorn breeders, headed by J. K. White of Noblesville, likewise adopted plans to hold a sale at the University farm in June. The Angus breeders, headed by Jesse Wood, Shoals, adopted similai plaps. SDX To Initiate Pledges Today Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will initiate 14 campus jouinalists this evening in formal ceremonies 11^ the Union. Following the initiation, the fraternity will hear Pi of. Charles Murphy, of the histoiy departmentj speak on South America at the organization’s annual initiation ban-
quet.
The initiates will be John Armstrong, John Amos, Don Brophy, Bob Hadley, Fred Jones, Ed Kieper. Bill Hayt, Arthur Snyder, Myron Hawkins, Jack Thompson, Jim Fraser, Ted Clark, John Keeler and Ollie Allanson. c.a.d. Union Shows Illinois WPA, Farm Security Art Work This week and next the Union has two art exhibits on display, one a project of the 'Farm Security Administration and the other by the Illinois Art and Craft Project of the WPA. The Farm Secui'jity Administration’s gallery consists of photographs of rm-al life, taken by people on WPA lolls. It will be shown in the music room foi two weeks. The other exhibit, located in the puttering shop, consists of oiiginal paintings of the various periods in history. It is part of the Index of American Design and Will be shown for ten days. l.s. Gordon Graves ... of the University mathematics department, will give the fiist address on the subject'“The Teachings of the Bible on the Great Truths of Life” at 9:30 Sunday morning at the University Presbyterian Chinch. Following the talk, there will be an open discussion.
Distinguished Ag Certifkites “Distinguished Purdue Ag” certificates were awarded at the annual luncheon of the Ag Alumni Association yfeit^rday noon to 37 former University students who have mad^ diitstanding records in agricultural work during the past y6ar. This luncheon provided noon-time entertainment for the agricultural conference whose official registration has passed the
8,000 mark.
Arthur B. Brewer, Fairmount, and Fred M. Fraset, Rensselaer, qualified for the fifth time. By virtue of their fifth cer- : tificate these men will have
their pictures hung in the “Hall of Fame” in the Agricultural Hall along with five other men who have qualified in 16 years
of DPA awards.
Fifteen of the 37 had received the award previous to this year, and the other 20 received the DPA for the first time. Each of these winners must have won two gold medals or their equivalents in agricultural extension projects to qualify for the award. “Certificates of Distinction” were also awarded for distinguished service to agri-
culture at the meeting. Stock Marketing Today
Today’s program will begpn With a meeting of the animal husband)? and farm management group in the South Ballroom at 9 this moTiSr ing to hear speakers on livestock marketing. At the same fim^ the dairy and farm management division will meet in rooms 363-35fi of the Union to discuss dairy marketing. Appearing before the latteb group will be speakers from-v;u^h^|t. industries throughout the COOnt^
which use dairy px-oducts.
The livestock and daii-y market- .
Coeds To Sign For Red Cross Service Today Beginning this afternoon and continuing- all day tomorrow coeds may register for Red Cross woi-k at a table placed in front of the Sweet
Shop.
Any woman student may receive ^11 the materials necessary for making the needed hand-made garments by going to the Red Cross dug-out m the sub-basement of the Union. An order has just been received from Washington for 180,000 knitted helmets as well as a large number of surgical dressings, socks, sweaters, pneumonia jackets, and other ai tides. Honoi’s may be won by 50 hours of knitting. Each sleeveless regulation sweater is worth 20^ hour's’ crp.dit toward a nationally recognized Red Cross pin. The Red Cross dug-out will be open on Monday, Tuesday, and
Thursday from 9 a. m. to 4:30 p. m. jjjg groups will meet together aC
and on Wednesday from 1 to 4:30
p. m. d.c.p.
Civil School To Hold Annual Road School Starting Next Week The twenty-eighth annual Road School, under the direction of the School of Civil Engineering, will be held on campus from Monday to Thursday next week. The school is expected to bring together city, county and state officials, contractors, and materials and equipment
men to discuss highway problems for both the men and womep.
11:30 for a luneneon in the j^orib Ballroom. From 2 to 3:30 this^ternoon the two groups will again convene in their respective meeting places to discuss more market-
ing problems.
Sportsmen’s Coi{^ferefnce
The Ninth Annual Sporttmen’s Conference, division of the regular Ag Conference, will begin registration at 1 p.m. in the lobby of Fowler Hall, and their meetings will continue throughout the afternoon. The Agricultural Conference will
close tonight.
Yesterday’s program for the visiting farmers included nine meet-
Also included in the day’s program was the fifty-second annual meeting of the Indiana State Dairy Association and the final meeting jbi{t the Indiana Horticultm-al Socie^ An old-fashioned Indiana party, waa held in the evening and inclu<la<l square dances, round dances and
games, d.w.o.
Sportsmen To Review Wildlife At Meeting Sportsmen will open their hmth annual conference this afternoon followed by a banquet bringing thg program to a close in the eveninfr “Wildlife Review of 1941 in Indiana —Division of Fish and Game” witt
there is no registration fee; and*open the afternoon schedule. C. R.
Gutermuth, acting director, osf th# Indiana Fish and' Game DivlsioBil Department of Conser-vation, will serve as chairman. ' Harrell Mosbaugh, superlBteor dent of fisheries, Departmei^ ot Conservation, Dr. W. E. Rickef aM John Gottschelk, Indiana imivefa|ty^ will take up “Fish Rearing
Management.” “Game Bird
gation” and “P u r d ir e Wiidllfa Studies” are two other topics that
will be discussed, j.v.s.
an^ to hear various phases of these problems presented by speakers of local and national reputation. As an added atti action, one entire session will be devoted to the study of city traffic and parking probleins. Another session will be devoted to the presentation of findings of the Joint Highway Research Project as compiled by the State Highway Commission of Indiana in co-operation with the Uni-
versity.
State, county and city road men are required to attend the scheduled sessions at the expense of the State Board of Accounts. Attendance records will be kept by i epresentatives of each of these groups at each ses-
sion.
The school is open to all interested in road and street problems;
further information can be obtained from Prof. Ben H. Petty, in the Civil Engineering Buildihg.
j.t.k.
Havighurst To Lecture Before AASW Meeting Dr. R. H. Havighurst, professor of education at the University of Chicago, will fecture on “Coordination. and Integration of Science through a Committee on JIuman Development” tonight at 7:30 in room 106 of the Chemistiy Build-
ing.
The lecture will be sponsored by
Wesley Foundation
Skating Party Tonight^ 9 Wesley Foundation will sp<ni$Of
roller-skating party tonight
the local branch of the American Sinning at 8 p.m. at the Pqun&|%|E
House. Games will entertaih guests until 10 p.m, when refreslfr
ments will be served.
The group will then leave ^ house for Maple Point where ing will be continued until lit!
Association of Scientific Workers. A dinner in the Union at 6 p m. will
precede the meeting.
The public is invited to attend both the dinner and lecture. Reservations for the dinner should be
made with Miss Hurst, secretary of a.m. Tickets for this pa»ty^ may-lif the cherpistry department, w.e.r. purchased for twenty-fivg cents. p4*2‘
Purdue Exponent
Fridayi Jan lidry 16,
itiim
Sj/hithy Unof tidal W^r Forecasierj Reports That Hazi Morale Is Low WASfilN^TON, Jan. 15.--Ben Smith, the famous “Sell ’Em Short” Smith of Wall Street, poses as soinething of an ejgwyt foreign,affairs. And .although he gets,in a lot of people’s hair, he has had a good batting average for accuracy. One notable instance was in the early spring of 1940 when Ben Smith told various Washingtonian bigwigs, including White House Secretary Steve Early,-that Norway and the Low Ckjuntries soon would fall into Hitler’s hands like a ripe apple. Smith also prophesied that France was rotten inside and
would fall to Hitler in no time.
Steve Early boiled over with wrath when he heard this pessimistic prophecy and expressed the opinion that Ben Smith was selling the Ahies just as short as he has sometimes sold. the Stock Market. However, — ^ -r——-
within a few weeks the pro-
phecy came true.
Last week Smith was in Washington with another interesting , report. He: was the
la^-, man, out of Germaiiy be- Knudsen looked avovmd dubiously, fore.waa* was declared against “Where is your club?” he asked’, the United States, and de- “FoTIow me,” said Shipstead and dares that never has the mo- led the way into a smalbtayerh op rale of the German people the comer. Elbowing- through a been lower group of overalled workmen from ■ Vnv 1 j moo V, . the nearby Navy Yard, Shipstead
ports, was not so bad. The winter of 1940 was worse, but the German people kept their spirits up fairly well. But this, winter, Smith says, is indescribable. The elfect of collecting furs and cloth-
ing to be .sent to the German Army ’"S' to enter the .Senate gallery carat the Russian front, the effect of rying an explosive, wounded, coming back, and death The incident occurred while the notices to relative.s, have shaken Senate was debating the price conthe German people to the core. trol bill and many members, inWhile Smith was not in Germany ' eluding the Vice President and leadwhen war was actually declared ei® °f both parties, wei-e on, the against the JJnited States, he is floor. confident that news of America’s The man was apprehended as he entry into the war was a smash- tried to sneak by guards to get into
mally, but said he could probably .get‘by. The two men hailed a taxi and Shipstead gave an address in Southeast Washington in the inr dustrial environs of the Navy Yard. As they' arrived at their destination.
strode to the bar, slapped down, a quarter and said, “Two beers,
please.”
• Nabbed Bomber
It wasn't announced but last Thursday a man was nabbed, try-
ing blow to German morale.
the public gallery that has a wide-
Note: This is why Churchill and ''unge view of the chamber. When Soviet Ambassador' Litvinoff were police searched him they found the so'adamant in urging Roosevelt explosive, measuring about seven
th&t the Russian and Mediterranean
campaigns were more
inches long and two inches in cir-
important cumference, secreted in his coat.
• Redi-ape Buster
.Ordnance is the haughtiest and most hide-bound branch of the Army'-. So much so that it has been the object of much bitter private criticism by civilian, defense chiefs. But there is one notable exception to this Ordnance rule. He is
than Singapore and the Far East. But they figure that despite encouraging reports of sinking German morale, it will be a long time beij^re, the Nazis are crushed.
•JSfMpsi'ead's Club
Pempadoured, Roosevelt-hating S&ator 'Henrik Shipstead of Min-
nesota has been one of the most William Van Antwerp Kemp, a tall.
bitter-tongixed isolationists in Congress. William Knudsen, OPM Direptor General, has the job of bossing' the vast war production pi’o-
gi|im.
husky, dynamic engineer, who made a big sitccess in private business and volunteered his services when the national emei gency arose. Since then, as an Ammunition Division ex-
Thejr conflicting positions have ecutive, he has been maldng hisnoL iniei'fered, however, with a tory', busting redtape in traditionwarm friendship between them, bound Ordnance.
Tli^y visit each other-, talk politics an^iworld affairs over a glass of be*^. The other day when Knudsen ca|f^. at Shipstead’s office for one
There are many tales of Kemp’s unconventional exploits. The latest
is one of the best.
A.sked by a General to suggest a
offjjhese sessions, the Minnesotan manager for a new government,niiiasked him if he would like to go to nition plant aborit to begin produchi$ “private club.” tiop, Kemp reciommended a crack “F didnjt know yon belonged; to' expert' who had been loaned to the
ohjej" said;-Knudsen.
“Oh, yes,” replied Shipstead. “It’s very, exclusive, one of those ultrahig^fPW, plgce-S; restricted to members only. However, I stand in well there and think I can get you in.” .“But how about these clothes I’m wearing?” asked Knudsen. “I’m not drpssed for such a swanky spot.” Shipstead looked over the OPM Direetpr, agreed it would be better if he was togged up more.for-
British to build a pjant in England. “He ought to be finished with, his job over there by now,” said, Kemp. “If heriC°^n| him,” was the or-
der.
From the British, Kemp.learned, the expert had completed his work and was| available. So Kemp picked xm a pho.ne, and called the State Department. ® “I want to talk to the guy,”
he said, “who gets guys back f^m England. There was a gasp, but the Operator switched Kenjjp to sonfieong who asked, him W,^IO,|h^e 'Kgs: and-, whftt *' ' 'Tim;,'K-e!SOjP' 'o?,;''''Afiny/''-Qi5'dr,--nance,'*' he said, “'i'here’s a guy ■ in England we want to run an ammunitign plant for us. Get him ' bock, ihere, .right.a,way, will you ?•”■ Six days later the expert reports ed. to,,KePiP- npd- left, fpy, his. ngyy,.
job.
• The Guy A- feyv dnys later the General a^aiii. sumhpned Kjemp, asked what had been''done about the expert.' “It’s all taken care of. General,” said Kemp. “He’s been on the job. at the plant-two d^ys.” “How did you get him back, here, so fast?” ' “No trouble. I just called up the State, Department,, askpd. Sor the guy who gets guys back here and; he arranged it.” “Kemp,” said the. .General severely, “do you, know who that guy in the State Department was ? ” , “No, sir.” “He Was the 'UnderseCrbtary of State.” Note.: Kemp has. persistently refused to accept an ■ Army commissioru Finally, pressed by the Gen* eral for the reason, he retorted, “Some clay I may want to eonie in here and blow up. If I do, as ah officer you could court-martial ihe. But as a civilian, all you can dp is fire me. I’m remairiing k civilian.” • Our Disloeafion In his state-pf-the-.Unipri messag,e the President warned that the vast war prodlictio.n program, would. cause many dislocations in the ecohomy of the country. One you will hear a lot about,shortly is.auto and gasoline taxes. These impprtant sources of state and federal revenue, are dUe fpr a heayy drubbing as a result of the shutting off of auto production and the curtailment of driving because of tire rationing. The following- figured show the extent of this tax problem: Last year the states collected over $925,000,000 in g.agpline, taxes; $416,000,00,0. in license: fees; and $1,796,000,000. in sales taxes on cars and parts. To.tal-— $a,137,000,000. In addition, in ,1941 the federal government obtained $50Q,000,000 in gas and. various auto taxes, and this year expected am additional $160,000,000 from the new $5 per car “use” tax. The extent of the loss of revenue from sales taxes is still indefinite. But two things are cei-tain. One, that the loss will be considerable and will increase as the war continues. The other, that the loss will have to be made up by, increased taxes from other sources—on incomes, corporations, property, sales,
etc.
Note: Other important sources of state and federal revenue affected by the war are taxes on cosmetics, refrigeratoi's, -washing machines and other appliances. • Auto Co.inm-itfee. Chairm^jp Privately, laborite members of the joint committee to dra.w up plans for conversion of the auto industry to full war production are peeved over the selection of Cyrus R. Ching- as committee chairman. The giant United States Rubber e.xecutive and member of-the old National Defense Mediation Boai-d is a strong- advocate of all-out war production, but the laborites had plans of their own on the chairmanship, They wanted not Only an allout production partisan, but also a union sympathizer. Ching was the choice of Knud-sen-Hillman after Thomas Murray, prominent engineer and Chrysler director, turned down the job. Murray was the candMate of CIO president Phil Murray. Thy two men are npt related, but are warm friends. Engineer Murray declined the offer on the gro.und that the committee did not-have sufficient power-—a charge hotly nigdie by United/ Aut.p Worker leaders. However, after some urging, Murray finally indicated he
5 vfS .A- , A- ‘ ; 'A, :' ■// By,j a^udj»nit/<^Rijn^j,S^ey^;^, Anfiericai AUSTI]^, 15.-r-%^ore„ Pearl Harbor, many Surveys of Ai^erica polls ha^ m4ltC.ated collegians, although sympathetic^ with the, British and the Russians,, call to join tKe!'ekfetta,E.yep,,woye,.thd,rit th© average American adult, stiidcnts h,a,d[ faRcd:;tp nidbajd:^d;their spirit,, ^ ^ ^ ^ j But the change that has come about since tdd'U..S. \ycn1;;,t9, st^ggeyipg. Npw surveys .compieted'Since hostili'ties ip the PaciJpc begaUf, registey the enprm.pus effecti ithe Jap.r anesp ,at|;p^c.k,,h;aS/ had; on ..the, undergraduate minjJ. "The$e results leave ho do,uht that col-l9gp,,S;tu.d,gn:tS:r-:lppg cyit.ieized for their peace-tirp-p ,i?Piia-tioni&t; leaningsrr-have ’irnmediafely united and are ready for the persppal sacrifices; war will, demand: 1. ]\^pat college,men WQuld have preferred to hp-ve the draft age lowered to 18—affecting most of them personally—^than to have it raised to 45. Congress last month made men 20 to 44,sub.ject to military service. 2. Ne.aply nine in e.Very ten are walling to give some , of their time, daily on local defense committees. 3. Almost as many want men not in the armed forces drafted Tor non-military duty. 4. More than three-fourths of the coeds ap-' prove of jdrafting,wonJen for non-military . t^.ks, ' • ■ ^ Here .are the questions asked, and the per-
■t-y-:
tentages received in this survey covering eVeyy s^tiph: of t^ United-States, with stuppifS; ofi,;^! type^ proportiop^ely represent- ^ ■: A • “If the armed forces need niore men, 'would yp,p, rPitMey, hay-e the draft age foy, mfhtafy.: service lowered to 18 or raised to 46?”
All Men Women, . ' 42;% 50% 28% A
' I'--!
Lo.wer. to; 18......, Raisse to 45 ........1. Do both 'Dp pe.ithey Uhdecided
43: 34; 68^ 11 14 6 ‘2. 1; 4; 2. l^ 4'
^“Would: you give several hours of your time daily if you wpye nekph to work op d Ipr cal defense committee?” .Very willing ———j.— 47% iviifdly,.willing... ...j. 27 Perhaps, buf not sure— 15 No , : 9 Undecided 2 “Would you approve or disapprove of the government drafting men not subject to serve ip the armed forces to do non-rpilitary defense work in their communities?” Approve 84%1 Disapprove 12 Undecided , 4 “Wpuld you approve or disapprove of the government drafting women to do non-mili-tary defense,, work-in their communities ?” I All Men Women Approve 70%) 6,6%, 78%j Disapprove 25 29 17 Undecided 6 5 5
Petitions., foe AWX l^reshttian itkcfiUn.
t)u0
■ F-rbshmen women ihterestedljyin running for the t-wo AWS re^re-. sentative posts must obtain ‘ tions. .with 26- sigoatur-esl iandGni^tj turn these ,potitiops iiij)^fote^6^|)j.^j;; on,.E4’idky,. Jw- 23, aqcW'^iakJO'ab^ announcement received last nighy from. AWS officials, Signed, petitions may be;:; tur^i^d'; lin at Agnes McCull,ocih’s box.; in WRH, Wood Hall or to the AMlS ■office., .... -A ■ I'i" ■■ k ■■';' - ' ■ '''■ >' ■"" "■'■' ■ Following a;^le Other reqyi^etpent? ; for securing petitions as given;; by AWS., Each.pet.ition mustbe hpad^^ by the statbmeht: “Wb- iJliy 'u^dersi.gned, do hereby nominate........—..... for the position of .Freshnjan representative op.', the.jj^'W^SAlExfc]^^ Board,,' for the second semester.-'of the school year 194f-’42.” On. 'the petition ,a, snapshpi; of The candidate must be affixed! Elections will take:i)lace on Wednesday,. Jan, 28>, :apd tfie polls Will be open from 10 a. m. until 5 p. m. Voting will be carried on near the doors to the south ballroom, g.w.s.
Erwollment For Code Luma House
Sending Class Ends
PuhdwL £xpotumt All-American 1940-'41
, iEntered as second class matter at-the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, und.er the act of Congress pf March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided fpr ip section 1103, act of October 3, 519J7, authorized .January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during,the regular academic year. if |iid weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50. per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
E(li(or-m-Chief.. News Editor. Sporio Editor
..Ned A. Oehiltr^e Bi^sine.™ Manager John L. Traugoit Managing Editor Plijl JuhnKop Poed Edif,or
Don S. Powers ..Lelanil W. Rugner ..Ruth Rose
Publication Staff * EditerMl Staff: J. F. Aoioh, J. H. Armstrong, D.,T. Brophy, 11. L. Hadley, F. I. Joius, F, G. Kieper. ; O, T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler, epe^ Stuff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdell. Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess ; Office Manager: Lee Bossona'. Local AdvertiKine: Mpna2:erH: K. K. Gjernre, R. E. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. T. Boll; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Franlccnjje^ry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin. ’
■ Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M , 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Repkeseniatiyes, 420 Maflison Ave., New York, N. Yl
Staff For This Issue SiiortH Editor; Keeler Reporter*: C. K. Hass, E,, H. Aliiens, J. Laili-r. P. SU-n-liei'g, A. WieKareJ, J. V. Skiilmaii, J, T. KiehurdBon, W. 1.. Issue Editor; Hoskins Vermillion. It. W. Ochiilrec, W. E. KalVcrt, J. It. ismitli, It. Piektring, G, Hoffman, E. Slone.
J^tor: Jones mttipr': Bamsddll
Enrollment for classes in code sending and, receiving, which the military department 'Will begin Monday* closes today. All male stvt- ■ dents are, at liberty to apply for instruction whether or not they, are enrolled , in military .'training.. Tl^e course, js being offered as an extra-curricular activity and no fee is charged for enrollment or attendance. Applications should be made to Lt. J. R. Burkhart or Lt. R. F. Vandeifbrd. Four classes will be formed, in accordance with students’ previous instruction. Advanced students who have qualified -at 20/words per minute or more, intermediate studepts qualified between 12 and 20 words per nunute, and, secondary students qualified between 6, and 13 words per minute, will be organized in, separate classes. Additional classes will be formed to accommodate all beginners. Schedules of classes will be posted in the bulletin board of the Armory after ] l a.m. tomorrow: w.e.r. would take the. ciiairmanship. if asked to do so.by Piresiden.t Roo.sevelt. KimdsenTHillman flatly refused to agree to this,, and Murray passed out of the pictuiie. Meanwhile, R. J. Thomas, head of the Auto Workers, and several of his officers were pow-wowing secretly with inner circle Administrationites and Elliott Janeway, ‘ a Fortune magazine editor, who is known in the Capital as “Henry Luce’s unofficial ambassador to the New Deal.” Luce is publisher of Time, Life and Fortune. Janeway made two suggestions foi- the chairmanship, The first was ex-braintruster Tom Corcoran, an intimate friend of the Luce editor. Corcoran was entirely acceptable to the laborites,'but they rejected him on the g-roun.d that he had no chance to get the appointment. Jaiieway’s next suggestion -was Federal Judge Jerry Frank* brilliant former chairman, of the Securities and Exchange Committee. Prank’s name brought cheers frorn the laborites, but.an emphatic “no” when proposed to Knudsen-Hillman. Before the laborites and inner eirclers could make any other recommendations, Knudsen - Hillman announced Ching’s appointment. N/oto: Janeway doesn’t knovy it but he' is under quiet sci-utiny by eo.ngiessional investigators. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature, Syndicate, Ine.)
. . . men’s cooperative, announces the election of the following officers for the ciu-rent semester: Paul Carrington, president; S a n f o r d Frazee, vice president; Bill Lewright, house manager’: Vonn Hayes, treasurer; Bill Rice, purchasing agent; Charles Lubbehusen, social chairman; B. H. Hobson, athletic manager; Dane Burns, pledge captain; Mike Foley and Hei’.schel Kilgore, judiciary board; .and Kilgore,
house reporter.
G. E, MAZDA LAMFS HOT POINT APPLIANCES ELEGTRilG SHJOP. 213 State St. Dial 5952
LEARN TO DANCE BEGINNERS' CLASS OPENS Wed., Jan. 28, 7:30 p. m. wAyrz,. SLftw anei fa$t FOX-TROT TAUGHT ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Tkuris,, Jan. 29, 7:3Q p,- WPHC(H|,215Q AJLliEN’S and ,Ferry
MARS - STARTS SATURPAY —
.’iery, reckless, ihe wanted only: he one man she :ould never have!
L(ewr/ly(i's.
v<ilh WAUEBfIMEON MAUHEEND'/HIIIIA • DqNJi.LP PRISI^: ^ LAST TIMES TODAY — GEORGR BRENT ilona.massey itA “INTERNATIONAL LADY"
The hit that's in the groove for laughs, romance and hot beat tunes. Full for >42!
_ RKO RADlD'.>ietuf* , uiith: --1QMH, lUfE eiHHY. BARBYMDRE - VELEZ • SIMMS May Robson* Palsy Kelly •Peter Lind flayos and Kay Kyser's Band featuring Harrf Bablitt, Ish Kakitble, Sully Mason • Produced and ’Directed by Da.vid Butler. — Added — March of Time's “OLIR AMERICA AT WAI"
TOPAT; -
TOPAY
TQtmmrw
LLOYD NOLAN IRENE HIRVfY IN "MR. PYNAMITE^' AND THREE MESQUITEERS IKl' 'PALS OF THf PECOS'
ALSO
"JUNISLE, GI.RJ.'' Serial, Latest, PATHE NEWS.
Now PlciYiiltt
MB VERA VICTOR HdPEZORINA* M9®RE
IN technicolor ! •llh IRENR nOUA RAYMOND BORDONi-DRAKE-WAIBURN THOSE LOUISIANA LOVELIES-THE CREAM OF THE CROP I'fl Music and Ljiits 6y IR'VIM,6 BERLIN
rrSTRUE!
By Wiley Padan
Lmy PAINTER ^ BE6AN HEk^AGE CAREER AT AGE 4 ^ WHILE IN ALASM AT THE AGE OF IS . MINERS-THREW eOlP NUG6ET$ AT HER FEET! 'l*. * if’:‘‘If’I.*
U:
(If}
m
If
'•Ai 'AI ?
'—^ ^ ——— Wresdiers Slop Up OiMi Is lip W Matclies fclear
By Clmt Sowards
To in a way compensate for the lack of the Japanese pastime, ju jitsu, m the country, Coach Reeck is making up for it plus by throwing the Boilermaker wrestling team m high g^ar, at least that’s one way of lopkmg at it Coach Reeck has backed up his wrestling schedule to about the place it was, at the hrst of the season, and beaded into it full steam ahead, beginning all over with fundamentals and elementary wrestling tactics — — As yet there have been only champ, for his weight, about fifteen freshmen report probably hold down a beith on out for the sport — Coach the squad, and Mickey MacDonald, Reeck can t;ake care qf ^|5y who nj8d.e a very goqj showing on and would like to have that season’s fieshman squad has a
f^rr chanqe, but still the eight peaces on the 1942 squad are as open as last yeai’s biidhopses
Man Makei
many rgcr^its repic^tt ^
Rhimey Sjquqflw ^Qpen,
To freshman piopo-
sition even more rosy only two of ^
the ihinies that have Reported have wrestling shape ever wrestled m high school so ^lestlmg as a bqdy buildeithere is plenty of oppoitimity lor stated that it usually any beginnpi ^9 make a good shqw ^ neighborhood
mg, and perhaps eain a set of majoi
numera s ^ shape, apd almost frqicely sl;ated Coach Reeck also lemarked that that he’d put wrestling up against besides not haVing to belong to a any othei form of exeicise, or apy union to he op the wrestling team, other spoi t as a bofjy brpjder. one doesn’t need to he the possessor ^ surpitsing the way of arms the srze of a normal man’s fellows opt for wrestlrng take legs, oy shonWfiKs widg as onp rs cjpoit—they all hked it imtall All of the men in action at jy gome fellows take to the wiesthng piaetiee were just moder- gp^^t naturally, Velmar Ravis, a ate smed fellows, and none them sophomore, had never wrestled behad cauliflpwel ears, wore band- foie^till after football season this ages 01 had hny other deformity f^ll, and Reeck expects him to give t at ope usually regards standard vaisity men fiom last season equipment for al,l gr^plers In something to worry about before ac 1 ooked as thoil^h speed and year’s season rs over; so wrestagi r y, combined with a love for ]j,^g doesn’t appear; to be such a competition sljqved weight apd mas- difficult sport to learn sive muscles far down on the list ^ * j m t, of wrestling .e,.mement, 7“ ?‘/"f, ^ Coach Reeck would like to have o earn e fgUows that aie interested in As yet the members of the 1942 wrestling, whether they have had Boilermaker wrestling squad aie as any expeiiencp op not, to come up vague as next year’s Thanksgiving and try the sport out, it would suidate Of course Captain Casey piise one how much easiei it’ll Fredericks, AAU and Big Ten make P E M 12
All .Work and No Play-
01^
\
Start out tlje new semester rigkt. r t After a long M d^y’s work, rel^ in one of the many places I offered by the Union. You’ll enjoy life more.
JhsL filVtduJL
WmutmL UnhfL f ^ \ y The Corner of the Campus-— Yet the (lenter of Activities
Meet the Team presenting*..
Dad’s Place so HANDY
POPCORN GALLON 15c Hershey Kisses, in bulk, 30c per lb Furnas Ice Cream Pint 15c
►r On Purdue's Waterways ■* Things are happening to the Puidue coaches that shouldn’t happen to a dog The draft, grades, volunteering, etc, are depleting the lank^ in a cohstanCy continuing flow None of the teams aie immune to this deflux of athletes, but one of the hardest hrt is none other than Pin due’s gieat swimming coach, Dick Papenguth Dick is lower in spirits than a cai salesman as three of his best men have alieady been lost, and theie is a good chance of losing anothei via the ineligibility route John Dilley and Jack Carney, two of the has-beens should have been steady conference winners this year ^ Sf-ili Has A Good Team ( It s not that he won’t still have a gioat team, probably the best in the history of swimming at Puidue It’s just that he had a phapce of having a super team this year We talked to Dick last spring and early this fall and he made no bones of the tact that if the team stayed at full strength they had a very good chance to trouncing Michigan, the best fahk squad in the nation, and a better chance of beating out Northwestern and Ohio State, second and thud teams in the confeience Cheei up, though, Dick, and remember that the same thifrg is prob ably going on in the other schools you meet this year ^ Plenty Of Material Dick has been building up to this ycai since he first came to the institution He has been bringing m the best swimmers in the countiy, and his squad this yeai will show it Although the loss of three oi foui top peifoimers will take some of the balance fiom the team, there is still plenty of strength theie For instance, note the seniors on the team Captain Dick Kiatrei, Fied Herr, Frank Brannei, Piank Lake, and Jack Horn in thp freestyle class Pr^nk Parkas is a veteran diver Ted Anderson, A1 Kusko, and Don Anderson swim the baskstroke, and Ed Tingley the breaststroke Leading undergraduate members include freestyleis Clilf Eiikson, Vein Hansel, and Jim Kiuek Heiman Bauei and Johnny Juengst are fine divers Jack Anchei backstroke, and Joe Williamson breaststroke This team will ceitainly be able to account foi themsehes against the best of any team ^ A Quick Glance At The Schedule Now just a quick glance at the schedule Foi the fiist time m Pui duo’s existence Michigan’s gieat swimming team will compete here It will be the third home meet in a row, pieceded by meets with Michigan State and Indiana Four other confeience teams will be met as well as seveial othei non conference competition
Trackmen Work Out Al Season's Opener Uem With the opening of the Conference season ontf 'a, few ^0ek» off. Coach Herndon Phillips’ Boilermaker trackifiiafi are ffttshmg their workouts in--preparation for a tough SCiieduleka AK ready several men are m excellent condition an^ are shtl^iig: great improvement over their last year’s performanceA This year's schedule opens with the University of on February 7 On the following weekend the Riveters engagft^ several other conference teams in ii^iiiiiniii
Archery CbIIoi^
Scheduled, tor Mondayjarti Due to unexpected prioi^ty <fif-
last yeai at the home of the Riv- ficulties, great delay has been, erfeteis, will take place this year on ^ounteied in obtaining materials Maich 1 and 8 m Chicago for the new indoor archery range Phillips’ Baby the sub-basement of the Fieldhouse. Each yeai the Boilermakers However 1 ecent deliveries of equipsend a strong contingent to the an- have enabled the completrcb nual Butlei Relays in Indianapolis range and it was announced Coach Philbps himself founded this yesterday that the annual wiiiter,^ event when he was tiack mentor at aichery club members the midstate institution, and the Re been set for 4 15, Monday aft-
the Illinois Relays The 21st is an open date which may be utilized foi a Frosh vs Vaisity meet
Battle I U Champs
On the following Satuiday, Pebluaiy 28, the Boilei makers engage their arch rivals the Ciimson of Indiana at Bloomington I U is the present confeience champion The Big Ten nyeet, which was held
Fred Krempe By Herb Harrington Big Fied Kiampe, 6 feet, 5 inches tall, weight about 196, is a junioi substitute centei on this yeai’s squad Fred plays basketball be cause he likes it and demonstiates on the flooi a paiticulaily cool “heads-up” biand of ball Coming fiom Indianapolis wheie he played a lot of basketball foi Shoitiidge High School, Fred plans to follow the coaching piofession aftei his college caieei is ovei That is, if the aimy doesn’t get him befoie he finishes his college caieer foi he IS twenty yeais old and in the school of Physical Education The navy would be Fied’s choice if Selective Seivice beckons As a sophompie he was awaided a minoi lettei foi hfs sei vices As a playei Fied IS leliable with his cool head and can be depended on foi good defensive woik Although he usual ly substitutes at centei the guaid position is one that he can handle with facility as well On the campus Fred is a likable fellow and is a membei of the Sigma Nu social fiateinity
lays themselves have often been called the finest indoor track event in the United States They aie to be held this yeai on March 14 The indoor season will close with the Chicago Daily News track meet in the Windy City on March 21 Losses Losses from last >eai’s squad in elude Foriest Wobei, giant shotputtei, Ed Holderman, one and two milei, and Dave Rankin, stellar huidler and weight man Buit Anthony ace quaitei inilei leads the 1942 edition of the Riv etei tiackmen He was elected cap tain following his fouith place vie tory in the Big Ten meet lAnothei piomising man m the 440 in Aich er, a sophomoie Bill Banckei and Willaid Gaulke who aie the number one dash men may also lun the quaiter on lelay teams Jentsch Kemp and Arnold have all shown up well m the half mile while seveial othei men fiom the Cl OSS country squad aie being count ed on heavily in the two mile e\ent They aie Appleton, McLaughlin and Roach Fiench Puts Shot In the shot put Coach Phillips plans to count heavily on sopho moie Bairy Pieneh of football fame Juniois Claience Kion and John Conant hold top positions on the squad as hurdleis while Etl wards lemains as the numbei one pole vaultei Lloyd McEachein holder of the school lecord in the hi^i jump IS still top man in this event Tough Going Approaches Competition in the confeience will again be extiemely stiong
ernoon, January 19
New Applicant Attend It IS requiied that all past members attend and in addition, new applicants for the club aie welcome to come to the meeting. Due to the lateness of the season, the officers of the club are anxious to begin the scheduling of meets Boxing Team elected Gus Boughan, CE ’42, captain for this season at their
meeting last night
Freshmen All freshmen interested in frosh-varsity golf report to Coach Harry Allspaw in the sub-base-ment of the Pieldhouse between the hours of 4 and 5 o’clock on Friday, January 16.
with Indiana and Michigan’s Wofvciines once moie being the leading contendeis Campbell Kane of Indiana should be one of the leading distance men in the nation this yeai following his double tnumplv in the mile and half mile last year, "Wolverines Strong Michigan will again present a stiong, well balanced squad led by Bob Ufei then gieat middle distance runnel Probably the top runnel m the confeience however will be Ohio State’s Bob Wright who holds both hurdle ciowns fiom the pievious season He is a large boy who is veiy husky and very fast, and he should go fai
“How Green Was My Valley’
I jiiiimMf t SB Piggly lUiggly
USED and NEW BOOKS and SUPPLIES FOR ALL COURSES
Engineering Agriculture Applied Design Bacteriology UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE Acioss from the Union Building M. C. ^‘Rcd” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doe” Epple, ’40
Roddy MtDowall, the sensational twelve-j ear-old English Actor, heeds the advice ot Walter Pidgeon with admiration and reverence in a scene fiom the 20th Century Fox film, How Green Was My Valley” The picture, pioduced by Darryl F Zanuck and directed by John Ford, also features Maureen O Kara Donald Crisp, Anna Lee, John Loder, Sara AJlgood, Barry Fitzgerald and Patnc Knowles Starts Saturday at the Macs.
Rememberl YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S n ^ • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olgreen drug stores 410 Main Steneta
S’ V \
%sifyWi«Offer KM, PBW Courses To ioca/ Civilians In order to make the people of Iiafjftyette better piepaied to meet thfe present emeigency, the Univeris permitting persons not i egui«r}y enrolled to take PEM and PEW 80, American Red Cross Fust Ail members of the instiuctioiial then wives, and seivice and i^)c|ical help will be requn ed to pay a r^gistiation fee of five dollais if thU eoniee is not taken foi ciedit If,, the couise IS to be taken foi credit, an additional fee of two dol lars per semestei houi of ciedit will charged Membeis of West La faj^ette and adjacent communities Wfho desire to take the comse will tte included in^ the same cateeoiv with those persons connected with the University Merry^Go-Rou nd (Continued fiom page 1) ber fiom acioss the Pacific espec lally when the Dutch and Biitish foimed an international caitel to hbld up the piice against u« and when we could lave cultu led the Good Neighboi polic\ bi getting tin and rubbei much closei to home • British Rubber Monopoly Some Latin Ameiicans aie even flank enough to suggest that we might have saved ouiselves some costly fighting on the fai side of the Pacific But paiticulaily they ate interested in whethei we aie going back to Dutch and Biitish tin and lubbei as soon as this wai IS ovei In this connection it is inteiesting to lead ovei the stoimy diplomatic notes which the late Fiank B Kel logg, Secietai y of State undei Cool idgc, sent to the Biitish Govcin racnt protesting against then Ma layan lubber cartel That was in 1925, but SecietaiV Kellogg sound ed very much like Thuiman Arnold, the tiust busting Assistant Attoi ney General in 1942 “The Government of the United States is opposed to Government ^liionopohes of the products in any country,” Kellogg cabled Alanson B Houghton, U S Am bassador in London, in the sum tuer of 1925. He also pointed out tjiut the Bntish-Dutch rubber mo nopoly had tripled the price of rubber since Jan 1 and that this pas a terrific gouge of the Lniled States, which consumed 70 per cent of all the world’s rubber Ambassador Houghton lepoited that he had gome to spend a week end with Loid Salisbuiy and dis cussed the mattei with Biitish Co lonial Secretaiy Ameiy, to whom he suggested that two U S lep reientatives sit on the Biitish lub hei committee But he reported to Kellogg- doubt that the suggestion would be earned out Oil Nov 25, 1925, Ambassadoi Houghton cabled Kellogg that “Winston Chuichill (then Chancel loi of the Exchequei) pi oposed a banking syndicate composed chiefly of Americans to legulate the puce Ojf rubber ” ’But on Dec 4, Houghton wiied Secretary Kellogg that Sii Austen Chamberlain (then Mmistei of Foi cign Affairs and brothei of the late Neville Chambeilam of Munich lame) “stated frankly that he thought theie was little hope his government would change then po sail on ” That ended the Kellogg pio tests and the price of rubber stajed high until the depression which toppled it to a low of 5c a pound Since then an international committee on which the Lmted States was represented has reg uiated prices and exports All of which IS vhj Latin Amei it«n-> have then fingeis piith cioh'^ed about investing a lot of
money in lubbei plantations if we are going back to the cheap coolie labor of Malaya and coopeiate with Biitish-Dutch contiol aftei the war • New Selectees WASHINGTON — It needed no mind leading to fathom what was behind that War Depaitment announcement of the pin chase of 700,000,000 feet of lumbei and 240,000 kegs of nails—^the biggest order of its kind in U S history The mateiials aie for the con stiuction of numeioiis new army cantonments and the enjaigement of existing ones Armj strength, down to 1,600 000 after the demobilisation of 28 to 35 jear olds last fall, is due for a big increase—at least another 1 000 000 after the next draft lotterj following the Februarv 16 registration of men between 21 and 44 An estimated 24,000 000 will leg istci next month and on the basis of past ex^reiienee only about 5 per cent will be lated 1 A, that is, subiect to immediate call Hereto foie the Armj has inducted only men in good physical condition w ith no dependents and not engaged 111 “essential” pioduction However, as the need foi mill tary manpower develops, 1 A stan daids will be bioadened and many thousands of 1 B 2 A and 2 B de feiees by pie war standaids will be called up For the present the Army still IS placing primary emphasis on vouth The Februarv 16 registia tion IS expected to list around 2 000 000 20 21 youngsters and the largest proportion of new in ductees will come from tins group Registrants in the 36 to 41 group will have to be in top conditioq to get in the army at this time How ever, big scale inductions from this age group can be ex pected by fall, particularly those with no dependents and with pre vious military service For the present the Army will take its older age recruits from the 28 to 35 year olds who vveie ox empted because of dependency oi defense woik Instiuctions alieady have gone out to all local chatt boaids to le examine these de feiees with a fine tooth comb Thou sands are slated to be tabbed 1 A and called to the colors Note Exact size of the wai aimy contemplated is a militaiy secret, but it can be stated that it will bo not less than that of World War I When the President in his message to Congiess declared that U S ex peditionaiy toices will be sent to Biitain the Fax East and anywhere else in th^ woild where needed to destroy the Nazis and Japs he was not making idle talk (Copyright 1942)
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
Corn Growers To Meet Defense Food Demands Indiana Chin Growers’ Association passed a resolution at its ari'nual business meeting Wednesday pledging every effort of the organization to meet the demands of the government m the production of the foods and seeds necessary for defense. Another resolution called attention to the fact that the trained men needed for farming should be given the same consideration by selective service boards as individuals m other defense industries w 1 v Chem Department Offers Student Assistantships Professor E F Degeiing has announced the availability of several assistantships for the coming year m the chemistry department Seniors with a chemistry major who are interested should apply at once in Room 422 of the Chemistry building for an interview Placement will be aided with knowledge of students’ tiaining and type of
work desned eh a
GE 11 and GE 12 Th6 examination for the removal Of C and I ptrade*! in GE 11 and GE 12 will be giveh Saturday Jan 24 from 1pm to 4 p m in room SOI of the Michael Golden Shops —RISING M E 111 Mechanical vibration class Will meet Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m in room 3 Mechanical Engineer mg tliiilding The first meeting will be held
Jan 16
Notices
-FREBERG
M E 61 All students who have not got ten their pump project back can do so by calling at room 303 Mechanical Cngmeei ing Building —AULT All Sophomore Military Students Pic tuies scheduled to be taken in the supply room Jan 14 and 15 have been cancelled
- GRAHAM
Code and Radio Instruction Any student desiring to enroll ill extra curritular code instruction contact Lt R F Vandertord 01 Lt Burkhart in the Armory befole Sat urday Jiin 1" 1042 —-BURKHART Chemistry Major Seniors Those desirious of getting a job should report at my of fice room 422 Chemistry building and advise me of their tunning lUsiits ns ti employmint and information helpful in
placing them
A number of assistantships are available for the coming school year in the dopait ment of chemistry Those students intei Lbted should report to my office at once
DEC ERING
Modern Dance Callout begins Fndav Tan 11 at 4 pm in the Women s Gym All old and inw girls arc invited to at tend —SFRBAN Roger Williams Club Sunday evening Jan 18 a 15 cent lunch and social hoiii will be hold it 6 30 p m at the West La fayette Baptist Church Dr Palmei will speak at Mithodist Church at 6 10 pm
—ARTMAN
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Friday Jan 16 at 4 30 p m in room 304 of the Un ion Social progiam for the lest of the semester will be discussed — KELLAR
All Military Students i The tWo Weeh6 make up period for those entitled to mgkO Up absences in first semgsteh will include the weeks of Jan 6 to 10 ahd Jan 21 Feb 3 No absences from drills during thh first semestei should be made Up during the week of Jan 14 to 20 Students havipg C or I grades will ascertain whtit Is rOquirod of them by coming todthe Armorjr (Ificc before making up absences
—GRAHAM
All Senior Military Students: Eeport to main office in the Armory between 1pm Friday Ian 16, and noon Saturday Jan I" to collect pay —GRAHAM ^ Activities Bureau All activities BurOtfu workers report Monday Jan 19 at 4 p m for important meeting —OLSON Reamer Club Regular meeting Monday night Jan 19 in lOom 304 of the Union Important —RUPPNER Fraternity Affairs Office Sophomore workers report to office Monday Jfln 19 at 4 pm —WILCOX Rifle Club Second Big 10 fifle match against Ohio State will he fired on Sntur<lay at 3 rZm in the Fieldhouse All mem hers ire requested to attend
—TADMAN
Sigma Delta Chi Initiation Friday, Jan 16 at 5 30 pm m the Old Chestnut Room of the Union Banquet will follow Please bring necessary funds —TRAUGOtl
Classified Ads Typewriters—Adding MachinOa, all make* sold rente 1 repaired and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
"I think you’d bettei discontinue that, Boswell — hasn’t it occured to you that the enemy stiikes at mdustifal 1 developments
CL (jJafL. Oxp. JMa. lOssdc
Gifiantic wooden doors, foui inches m thickness and supported by immense non hinges, have just been hung, ’ stated an aiticle an nouncmg the neai completion of the new $200,000 aimoiy The flooi of the new stiiictuie was made of clay “hard and as smooth as a ten nis couit” This mateiial was used because ‘ it may at some time be ciesiied to dull with hoises ’
Coeds To Enroll Today For Posfure Pictures Postuie pictuies foi women stu dents have been scheduled foi the next few days Fieshman pictuies aic to be taken all day today and tomoiiow moimng, Sophomore pic tines aie assigned foi Monday Students must sign up foi ap pomtments today m the Women’s gym A penalty of 25 cents has been set foi a bioken appointment m p 1
made the idea of county agents populai and agiicultuial seniois not caught in the diaft had no difficult time in landing jobs
Mothers doing Ked Cross woilc were requested to leave then thil dien at the southwest comer of Ladies Hall where a capable girl would take care of them Ihe moth CIS weie asked to bring ‘ diawing paper bean bags oi blocks foi the childien to use that afternoon Indiana corn acreage had been increased 20 per cent followed by a 20 per cent ineicase in biood sows and a 25 pei cent ineie ise in wheat acreage The ineieased farm work
Cadet Hop, toieiunnei of the Military Ball w is postpomd be cause of an acute 1ucl shoitagc “How I h lie the Kaisoi idded the
editoi
Little Movie Convo Suhacribers The Stu dent Art Guild I ittk Movie Convo will be held in the Hall of Music on Tuesday Jan 20 instead of this evening os previously announced —PARKS WAA Ping pong u a shiifflehoard call outs will he Monday Jan 19 at 4 p m
at Women s Gym
—SCHUBER
Junior Military Studen-s T* you wish to enUr laS mm howit/oi competition foi the second semester turn in list of squad by nr in Jan 17 to Capt Rubj List to in elude two juniors nine sophomores
—RUBY
Senior Chemistry Majors Seniois who aic desirous of getting a job report to room 122 Chemistry building A number of as sist intships are available tor coming school vcai in the dep irtment ot chemistrj Sen lols interested repoit to my office at once —DEGERING Wesley Foundation Skating Party In lay night Jan 16 8 30 10 p m at the Found ition Iwcave for Maple Point it 10 pm Skate Irom 10 30 12 30 Charges 2 ic per person to include transjjprtation Tliso iuinishing cars to be idmitted frci —GII BFRT All Sophomore Military Students Pic t ire cheduled to be taken in supply room J in 1 have beeai e ineelled —GRAHAM Senior Coeds For information ugarding the C vil Server oxaminati n lor p i rns as J nior technologists e ill at the Place n nt Seme f r Won en 1 h rni ni ml t vq a SMIUI Lxponeiit Fd tonal Staff St fts f i tl rnm in lei 1 this week Jin 1 1 II i eh 1 inclusive will he the s ime as ! t s me t<i 11 f 1 any le is ii v t 1 it I 1 woi e on I IS gn I y 1 t y t Mill RUrINIR
W\\ Mcetin" of th 1 nd IV Til 16 at 1 I i 1 ym
ml II ai 1 1 the Wars /-FORD
Universitj coeds demonstiated bcloie laimeis’ wives-attending the annual Agiicultuial Conleienee the ait of sciving wheatless meatless fatless and sugailess dishes The stoiy went on to say that this Vlid not excuse those eating these dishes liom going washless i w b
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
[)oc (spi le Id
THINK NOW!
ABOUT YOUR
DR. M. P. LORD ' DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg
1 DR. PAUL A. RISK
f DR. LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD f
RISK
1 — DENTISTS
< 400-404 Schultz
Bldg
|4th and Mam St
Lafayatta
Everything for a 1 College Education f DEAC’S I
llllllltlttlllillllllltllllllllllllllllllllllllllllii| FRIENDLY SLRVK E | Bonded E Cii8 and Oil g T.&E.OILCO.,luc. I
NEXT SEMESTER
EXPONENT SUBSCRIPTION
DEFENSE BUY A SHARE IN AMERICA The new United States Defense Savings Bonds and Stamps give all of us a way to take a direct part in building the defenses of our country. This IS the American way to provide the billions needed so urgently for National Defense* ^ United States ^ DEFENSE SAVINGS BONDS and STAMPS
THE BEST DRESSED MEN ON THE CAMPUS BUY THEIR CLOTHES AT QuUiofifi ^7 INC.
WEST LAFAYETTE