THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair, colder today. Fair and wanner tomorrow.
Purdue Exponent
zw
FEDDAY Tmbnuay $, 1939 LafatyeWe, fadfoma VoL so No. 104
Travelinff Laboratory.
Calendar Committee Begins Tabulating
Thanksgiving Holiday Proposal Votes
Student Book Exchange Exceeds Past Records
. . . for testing soil which will be on display through today and tomorrow behind Agricultural Hall. All agricultural students and any ohe else interested are urged to inspect this mobile unit, the latest development in its field.
Reports Indkate Present Receipts Above $2,900
AChS Hears Four Authorities Tell About
Part Chemistry Plays In Crime Detection
Kooken, Harger, McNally Mathews Present Talks
Lieut. Don L. Kooken, supervising lieutenant of the Indiana State Police, told the University section of the American Chemical Society at the opening session of their crime conference yesterday, “The application of chemistry to crime detection is becoming increasingly important in Indiana.” He pointed out that through the use of a chemical dust, fingerprints left on the scene of a crime may be photographed for identification purposes; that, through the use of a chemical test for intoxication, the responsibility for many automobile accidents is cleared up. He also showed further uses for chemistry in criminal investigation. He ex-
Hal Lieber To Play For Miami Triad
Last night’s book exchange receipts passed the $2,900 mark and more than $1,700 of this has been returned to the students according to Joe Donovan, cashier. These figures show a substantial increase over last year when only $2,776 was taken in during the first eight days. To date the photo-electric counter says that about 7,000 people have entered the ballroom.
Alec Templeton ToPlayAtConvo Here Next Week
Making his first appearance on the University campus, Alec Templeton, world renowned pianist, will play for students, staff members, and townspeople next Tuesday and Wednesday evenings, February 7 and 8, in the Memorial Gymnasium for a full hour concert.
Formal Tonight
Miami Triad dance, sponsored annually by Phi Delta Theta, Beta Theta Phi, and Sigma Chi social fraternities will be held tonight in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m.
The exchange reports that they have been forced to turn away two people for every one served because there is a shortage of all technical books in CE, ME, ChE, and EE courses.
Music will be furnished by Hal Lieber and his Indiana University orchestra. Special decorations, that include the use of the crests of the trio in blue and pink, will be used. The three fraternities which collaborate annually on the Triad originated on the Miami University campus at Oxford, 0.
For the first time in the history of the Exchange there is a shortage of Economics, History, and Government texts. Other books needed are English 121 and 31, Speech 14, Math 2 and 3, and Pharmacy.
Although he has been blind since birth, he has been acclaimed a “true genius” in both England and America, He began playing the piano when only two «years old, and at the age of four composed a lullaby that his mother later used to sing him to sleep. Just a year later he was assigned to direct a choir of his contemporaries.
Today and tomorrow Exchange will close at 5:30 because of the mixer; Sunday it will be closed all day, but will resume its regidar schedule Monday morning.
When Templeton was 12 his father sold their farm in Wales and then moved to London to enroll his son in the Royal Academy. At the age of 17 he was acclaimed the winner in a contest sponsored by the London Daily Express that drew over 8,000 entrants from all parts of the United Kingdom.
plained the working of the Indiana State Police laboratory and the services which it offers. He emphasized his points by illustrating them with instances that have occurred in ci’ime investigation. Test With Chemicals
University Concert Choirm,
“Analytical Toxicology” was discussed by Dr. R. N. Harger, professor of Biochemistx’y and Toxicology at Indiana University, who emphasized the use of chemicals in the investigation of homicides and automobile accidents. He pointed out that in 193^ nine people were killed in automobile accidents in Indiana for one killed through a homicide. In 1938 the ratio dropped to seven to one. He demonstrated,' through the use of various pieces of apparatus, how chemical tests for intoxication were made, and also the tests for poisoning in some forms of homicide.
Dr. W. D. McNally, formerly Toxicologist of Cook County, 111., speaking before last night’s session, discussed “Arsenic, the Handy Agent of the Secret Poisoner.” He pointed out a number of cases in which arsenic was the agent through which the criminal attained his objective.
. . . with A1 Stewart directing, will present a musical program consisting of a varied group of semi-classical compositions in the Union Ballroom Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock.
An interesting series of lantern slides based on the use of scientific methods in criminal investigations was shown at the concluding session by Dr. J. H. Mathews, chairman of the University of Wisconsin chemistry department, who talked on “Use of Scientific Methods in Criminal Identification with Particular Reference to Ballistics.”
Students Comment On Attendance
By Joe Belden, Editor
(Student Opinion Survey America)
time to the students’ views on the issue.
Animal Husbandry Dinner
Will Feature Pork Pageant
University animal husbandry students will have their annual dinner this evening at the Central Presbyterian Church, corner of 7th and Columbia streets in Lafayette. The meal will feature an appropriate ceremony depicting the first use of pork in this country under the title of “Pork Pageant.”
Austin, Tex., Feb. 2.—Abolition of compulsory class attendance in colleges, a subject seldom mentioned two decades ago, has become an issue of the day. That development seems largely a result of pioneering by educators like Robert M. Hutchins with his Chicago Plan, which allows students to attend classes at their own discretion.
The nation’s college youth were asked, “Should compulsory class attendance in college be abolished?”
Yes, said . No, said
63.5 per cent 36.5 per cent
Few schools, however, have followed the lead taken by the University of CMpgo. The majority of the ndtioiS^ colleges still require compulsory class attendance in a more or less varying degree. Voice Student Views
Even though the poll revealed a sizeable majority who favored the abolition of compulsory attendance, the fact that more than a third opposed the idea is significant. It invalidates the claim of many ciders that practically all students, if given any say, would want to do away with compulsory presence in their classes.
states, which include the Chicago section, a bare majority—63.8 per cent—^were for abolition., A sophomore art student in the Glendale Junior College of California pointed out that some students can get their work without regdlar attendance. Speaking for the opposition, a senior arts and science student in Bates College, Me., believes that most students are not mature enough to allow lifting of compulsory attendance requirements.
Soph Cotillion...
A pork loin especially prepared for the occasion by the home economics department will be served at dinner which will take the place of the “Knighting of Sir Loin,” that was formerly held about the same time of the year.
Although educators discuss the question among themselves, seldom have they asked the opinions of the students, who are most vitally interested in the question. The Student Opinion Surveys of America are able to give voice for the first
East Says Yes Breaking down the results sectionally, sentiment favoring abolition is strongest in the East. The Middle Atlantic states showed a majority of 68.7 per cent who answered “yes.” In the West and Midwest, students were more evenly divided on the issue. In the West Central
Plan Number Four Receives 2,700 Votes
With Number Five Plan Polling 1,000
Calendar Committee members began yesterday morning the task of sorting, counting, and tabulating the results of the Thanksgiving holiday ballot taken during registration Tuesday and Wednesday. Work was called off for the night when less than half the job was complete, so that accurate returns are not yet available. ' Rough estimate, however, shows that proposal number one received 40 votes; number two, 385 votes; number three, 750 votes; number four, 2,700 votes; and number five, 1,000 votes. Proposal four, which by estimate polled slightly more than half the entire number of votes cast, would provide for a fourday Thanksgiving holiday without compensation and would shorten the period of instruction in the first semester by one " " — and one-half days.
Co-eds To Register
Five Second
For Rush Today At 1
Second semester sorority rush will start Saturday with registration at the Pan Hellenic desk in the Union at 1 p. m., and will continue until midnight Friday, February 10.
Next most popular proposal was number five which merely means leave the calendar alone. As evidenced by the votes cast for the other propositions students favor a four-day Thanksgiving holiday by a four to one majority, however.
According to open rush regulations, fushees “may acknowledge invitations to pledge any time after Sunday noon, February 5. Those girls desiring to register will be required to pay a fee of 50 cents.
Proposal three, which was third in favor, would provide for the holiday by eliminating two examination periods. Unpopular proposals one and two would have crowded finals into a three-a-day schedule or taken the holiday time away from Christmas vacation.
Second Semester's
Enrollment Breaks
All Previous Records
Committee members will complete the job of counting the ballots today and tomorrow and will meet to consider them within the next few days. The results of the poll will be used by the Calendar committee in making their recommendations to the faculty.
According to official figures released by Prof. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president, enrollment for the second semester totals 6,064 students. When late registration lists are completed, the total enrollment is expected to increase by several hundred.
When tabulation is complete the ballot count will be broken down into schools and classes in order that the source of the opinions may be determined more satisfactorily. The total number of ballots cast was approximately 5,300. Nearly 200 students did not fill out school and class blanks, so that these may not be classified.
University enrollment has been steadfastly increasing in the past few years. The record-breaking enrollment for the second semester of the current academic year, in addition to representing an increase of over 20 per cent over two years ago, represents a rise of nine per cent over last year’s previous rec-ord-breaking registration.
Wesley Foundation Will
Sponsor Skating Party
Concert Choir Sings
On Campus Sunday
Wesley Foundation has planned its first roller skating party of the season tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock. Students will go by car to the Maple Point skating rinV, where skating will continue untQ 4 p. m. On returning, refreshments will be served free at the Foundation.
With the soft shadows of late afternoon falling on their black and gold robes, the University concert choir will give another program in the series sponsored by the Music Room Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union ballroom.
Tickets will be 25 cents, or free to each person driving a car and takjng four others. All who wish to go should sign up at the Foundati<»i today.
The Choir, an organization of picked members, chosen for their musical merit and campus musical activities, has filled a schedule of concerts over a greater part of the state.
Charlie Agnew...
. . . plans and the constitution of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, held the attention of members at their meeting last night in the Union. Several bands have been contacted and announcement of a contract signing is expected in a few days. The committee alone will meet tonight in the Union
Precise Musical Group “The Choir is perhaps the most precise musical group on the campus—^it has often been called the most outstanding collegiate choral organization in the middle west,” said A. P. Stewart, University director of music, recently. The program for Sunday’s concert, open to faculty, students, and townspeople, will include a large variety of works covering a wide I'ange of tastes. Accompanied by Rosemary Robinson and against a vocal background by the Choir, Harold Schulte, tenor; Wallace Woodrow, baritone; Arsene Summers, alto; Marvin Smith, te^or; Charles Powell, baritone; Elmer Carlquist, tenor; and Mrs. A. P. Stewart, soprano; will sing solos during the program.
... whose band has been :^lgned tn play for the Interfraternity President’s Ball Februai^ 14 in the Union ballroom. Agnew, who plays thn trumpet, xylophone and vibraphona, has played many times ovmr tim NBC and Midmil netwwkai.5V
^diJtifuaL
JF^,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
J-iuxitvauL
Friday, February 3,1939
Evening Programs... . . . over WBAA in an expanding educational and recreational program schedule might well become a reality before many of today’s students receive their degrees. Increased number of courses in the English, and government, history, and economics departments from which to draw educational program material, coupled with more musical and “popular” programs, could round out a 12 hour broadcasting day with both recreational as well as the required educational programs. From its new studios in the Music Hall, now under construction, WBAA will be able to broadcast music by the Glee Club, University Choir, and popular campus bands. Purdue’s entire marching Military Band may be aired directly from the Music Hall stage. With an expansion of time and facilities, WBAA could include many recreational programs on a possible evening schedule. We’re sure that Prof. P. S. “Spots” Emrick with his Military Bands and Symphonic Orchestra, A. P. Stewart with his musical organizations, and the several campus bands would be glad to support this “Make Purdue Famous” movement. Student interest today is centered on the noontime Luncheon Dance Time and Saturday’s Campus Varieties and College Caravan programs. Townspeople and rural listeners show more interest in the educational programs carried throughout the day. Because of classes many students hear WBAA only at noontime and possibly on Saturdays. A 12 hours broadcasting day would not only offer entertainment with a strong locjEd interest at hours when students could listen, but would create much favorable comment for the University. Possibility of a 12 hour day for WBAA is not imminent, but is worth considering. When, and if, its officials decide such action is practical they may submit a petition for the next higher license to the Federal Communications Commission at Washington, D. C. This petition would be publicized, and other radio stations would have a right to protest against the change, stating their grounds. Mter weighing the arguments pro and con
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the j>ost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Conirress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postace provided for in section 1108, sud: of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durlns the reanilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 p^ year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. 1. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF
Jit. S. Hardin
Managing Bditor_
City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. G. Houston, B. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager. - Mt. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager . E. M. Ahtonini Circulation Manager .W. F. Berg Sales Manager .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J, Henninger
if
Edltor„ Associate Editors.
Editor....... Associate Editors-
CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson, Georgdann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPOBTS STAFF
Jt. L. McDonald A Hebbeler, B. Jenkins, B. J. Deckard
EDITOBIAL OFFICE
Boom D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Elxponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPOBTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
RKPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CMICASO ' BOfTOE ■ Lot ASaELE* - SAE FRAECIECO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offlclai University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in^eUef.
Night Editor
-Insley Issnd Editor—Leber Friday, February 3, 1939
the Commission would either grant or reject the proposal. With a well directed and carefully selected program schedule WBAA should able to keep pace with the rapid growth of the University. When this day comes, Purdue’s prestige in the Middle West should rise to even heater heights than it has already attained. —D. G. T.
CoIIeffiatefrom Coast-To-Coast By Joy Johnson If we had some leather medals to pass out, one of them would certainly go to a student at the University of Wisconsin who found a way to study for finals that doesn't involve black coffee and crib notes. The wall of his room is ffecorated with those mysterious looking organic chemistry formulas. It seems that a wall is a safer place to keep formulas than in a notebook, for short of a fire or an earthquake or somethink, you can’t lose a wall. And there’s another point. You have to stand up to study from the wall, and you just can’t fall asleep. K you did, well, falling on the floor is one good way to wake up again vsdthout much effort. Pick All-Americans This little item is a trifle out of season but just the same it may be interesting to note that we are in touch with England in more ways than one. It seems that the English are pretty nearly as great fans of American football as Americans are themselves. At the end of the seasons, sports writers and fans even go so far as to pick an all-Ameri-can team of their own. What’s more their opinions of American stars of the gridiron quite often concur with those of the American sportsmen. Swap Tux While some colleges are forming
dance classes to make social butterflies out of their wall flowers, the University of Pittsburgh Men’s Council is taking care of another aspect of the case. There are a lot of men on the Pitt campus who seemingly do not own one of the essentials for a formal evening, a tuxedo. Therefore they now have a Tuxedo Exchange Agency on the campus. Suits for rent are furnished by the rest of I;he eds. Somie Fun At last we have found a course in which it is a pleasure to take the final. Northwestern State Teachers’ College held formal dancing class and the final was a dance, of course. The final was held in real party style, with a real orchestra, and best of all real refreshments. College life is getting as joey as the movies picture it when a fellow or girl can dash out of the house during exam time, all dressed up fit to kill and say, “Where am I going? To my final, of course.”
Northwestern University is offering a special series of lectures on how to fill out income tax blanks.
“It is far better that the college youth of America are hailing band leaders than helling bund leaders.” —Comedian Eddie Cantor.
LUMA TODAY-SATURDAY
2HRSTRUNHITS
—- with ■ PAUL KELLY — PLUS
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE The Greatest Heart Of All the YearsI
S A
cotf'
Plus
THE CANDID CAMERA MURDER CASE! CHARLIE CHAN ON BROADWAY
— with —
WARNER OLAND
TODAY-TOMORROW HIT SONGS OF THE WEST!
Dr. Pirnie Will Talk On Bird Sanctuary Next T uesday Night Arrangements have been completed by the Purdue Forestry Club for an illustrated lecture on “The W. K. Kellogg Bird Sanctuary” to be given by Dr, Miles D. Pimie, director of the Kellogg Bird Sanctuary and professor of zoology at Michigan State College, E. Lansing, Mich., Tuesday evening, 7:30 o’clock February 7, in the auditorium of the Horticulture Building. Dr. Pirnie was a student of the noted orthinologist. Prof. Arthur Allen of Cornell University. Leav- “ ing Cornell in 1928, Dr. Pimie has conducted research on water fowl problems in the lake states and in Canada for the past 10 years. He now supervises a water fowl research project in Manitoba, sponsored by the American Wildlife Institute. Since 1931, Dr. Pirnie has been a practicing conservationist. Under his direction, the Kellogg Bird Santuary serves as a local center for waterfowl restoration, as a research
UNPAID AD ... JACK WATSON thinks that Bold and Black is neglecting him—also that the co-eds are neglecting him. JACK, one of the SPE lover boys, would like a date. (Ed’s note: This was enteerd by request of JACK).
A WARNING ... The brothers over at the PM Kappa house are getting sick of waiting for those cigars, FELIX MACKlEWICZ, after you put your jewelry on Pi PM BLOCKER before the Christmas holidays, took it back after Christmas, and then put it out again.
JUST WHAT ... ... do the Betas intend to do in their house now that all of the stairs are oujt? INCIDENTALLY . . . ... HUB BOYER, didn’t the Betas have a bit of trouble at their party Tuesday when you let the wheelbarrow get away and roll down the hill with the keg of beer. Or would not a keg of beer make any difference at a Beta party.
In case any of you readers are wondering why Alpha Chi Rho’s PAUL WORCESTER is looking a bit dejected nowadays, it might have a little to do with this: it seems that PAUL, to help one of his dear fraternity brothers took a blind date; and when he went to call on his date and she came to the door, he asked, “Is your daughter in?”
Rumor has it that “JOE” BRISCOE, Cary Hall West case-ace, has become a confirmed cradle robber. Do all the high school junior girls pass out necklaces BILLY-BOY?
An Oberlin College Committee has just passed a ruling which says that the college flag must be flown when college is in session or on special holidasrs.
WHA, University of Wisconsin’s radio station, has been named the outstanding social service radio station in the U. S. for 1938.
unit, and as a recreational area. Aside from Dr. Pimie’s achievements in waterfowl restoration, his ability to popularize scientific information provides both entertainment and knowledge for the lay and practicing conservationist. His colored motion pictures of birds and animals are outstanding in wild life photography.
UMMEItt TODAY-SATURDAY IT OF THE “FiiiES”.. STHAIGHTiTOYlHIHEMl
LOVABLEI UUeHABLE! iVHOLESOMEI )ELIGHTFUL!i
‘We’ll appeal the verdict—I just discovered our client has $600 we didn’t know about!”
Cinema Cnee
By Betty Wickard Show: “Little Women.” Where: New Main Theater. When; February 2-4. A few years ago, when “Little Women” was first filmed we laughed and wept with the March sisters. Yesterday, we saw the picture once again and lo! the spell is just as potent. Katherine Hepburn steals the show as tomboy Jo March who runs and fences in hoop skirts. Frances Dee is properly sweet and demure as the oldest sister, Meg; Joan Bennett is appropriate as the beautiful but spoiled Amy; and Jean Parker wrings our heart as shy Beth. Effective Cast Although the acting seems just a shade amateurish and overplayed in spots and the Marches too, too sacharine, the whole audience groped for handkerchiefs in the big tear-jerk-ing scene at Beth’s death. Douglas Montgomery does not seem romantic to us in the role of Larry (we would prefer Tyrone Power the next time “Little Women” is filmed), but his acting is excellent as well as that of Henry Stephenson as Larry’s grandfather.
“Charlie Chan on Broadway,” one of Warner Gland’s last pictures and other half of the double feature, is an apt contrast to this story of another day. Purdue Graduates Well Represented At AIEE Convention Purdue’s school of electrical engineering was unusually well represented by graduates at the recent convention of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers. Five alumni presented papers before the convention. They were; J. R. Eaton ’26, University of Wisconsin, “Factors Affecting Arc Extinction on a Peterson Coil System.” W. W. Edson ’21, Boston Edison Co., “Modernization of L Street Station Switch House, Boston Edison Co.,” (With C. A. Corney). P. H. Roby ’33, Square D Company, “Simplified Precision Resistance Welder Control.” R. H. Wright ’17, Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Co., “Power Supply for Single-phase Resistance "W elders.” Stanley Green ’18, Duncan Electric Mfg. Co., “Aluminum-Nickel-Cobalt Brake Magnets for Watthour Meters.”
MAFli
— ONE DAY ONLY— SATURDAY
CHAOUftlfrACF
THE MOST ELABORATE STAGE PRESENTATION EVER TO PLAY LAFAYETTE KARSTON'S "FOLLIES UNUSUAL" — PEOPLE —35 — Featuring — KARSTON World Famous Magician — with—. 5 OUTSTANDING 1 | VAUDEVILLE ACTS • BLACK BROS. • Famous Comedy Team • DeLANE SISTERS • World Famous Aerialists • CROUCH FAMILY* Sensational Wire Walkers • MABEL JANIS • Songstress
• NADjA Egyptian Dar
ancer
Egyptian
A WHOLE CARLOAD OF SPECIAL STAGE EFFECTSI
SIDNEY TOLER PHYLLIS BROOKS ’charLTe”chan IN HONOLULU” — Last Day — DENNIS O'KEEFE CECILIA PARKER — In — Burn 'Em Up O'Conner
• ADMISSION • ALL SEATS 25(
11:45
tp
1:00
ALL SEATS 30c
IKIO to 2:00
2:00 P.M. TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40. CHILDREN, ALL DAY .......I. I5S
rh I
Friday* F^ruoicy 3# 1939
'.jfSSj^' ,*■'
THE FUBDUE
§hnh1-^.
txsasmi
Rivder Matmen Point For First Conference Victory Monday afternoon the Boilermaker wrestling team will tangle with the grapplers of the University of Chicago in the concluding match of the Maroons’ southern trip. The contest, which is scheduled for 4 o’clock, will mark the third meeting of these two teams since wrestling was added to the varsity sport program of Purdue.
Last season Purdue’s inexperienced matmen fell twice before the Maroons. However, in the match this year Chicago should expect an emphatic finale to their tour in the sunshine. Both Chicago and Purdue have tasted defeat from Northwestern already this season in their only previous conference starts. Three members of the squad that will represent Chicago won falls over their Northwestern rivals. These men are: Valorz, a football man who is in the 175 pound class; Thomas, a 165 pounder; and Littleford at 166 pounds. Purdue Lineup Coach Reeck announces that Boilermakers who will compete against Chicago are: Bur^eiser, 121-pound class; Almond, 128-pound class; Dix, in the 155-pound class; Tyrrell or Papurca at 146 pounds; Willey or Gossard, 166 pounds; Post, 166 pounds; Gossard or Brown at 176 PQunds; and Aronson or A. Rpssi in the heav^eight division.
Senior Guard...
Approximately one-fourth of the University of Texas students wly take pure and applied mathematics end their courses with a failing grade.
A new study of evolution is being made at Indiana University, where Prof. A. C. Kinsey is examining 100,000 specimens of the gall wasp.
Fred Beretta, the Stone Cotter from Bedford, has been turning in some very commendable defense ^^ork on opponent pivot men so far this season, and will test his ability against Wisconsin next Monday SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT "
Intramural. Musings By Jim Hebbder The process of crowning the fraternity basketball champion is more than well under way, with the last contests in the six game elimination schedule to be played this week.' Of the teams that have completed their schedule, the DU’s, Kappa Sigs, and Beta’s are tied with five victories and one defeat for the leadership. However three teams have a chance of coming through unscathed should they win their remaining games. The SAE’s and Lambda Chi’s have five straight wins, while the Phi Belt’s have captured four. —I-M— All-campus squash heads the list of tournaments for the new semester. The tourney, open to faculty, students, and varsity, will be run on a handicap basis, the handicap to be decided by a committee, and to be rated from a minus 5 to a plus 6 for each game. —I-M— Entry blanks for fraternity ping pong doubles have been sent to the various houses, with the opening round of contests scheduled for the middle of next week. Last year’s tournament drew an entry of 24 teams and with ipterest in the abbreviated tennis game increasing, at least an equal number can be expected to vie for the trophy and participation points that go to the winner. Intramural Schedule Today Court 1—J. Kurtz. 7:00—Ward 7X vb. Ward 32. 7:16—Ward 6 vs. Ward 8. 8:26—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8:40—Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 8. Court 2—^M. Aronson. 7:00—Ward 3 vs. Ward 10. 7:16—Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 10. 8:26—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 9. 8:40—Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 6. Court 3—L. K. Swing. 7:tfi*-Ward 12 vs. Ward 11. 7:00—^Theta Chi vs. Triangle. 8:26—Ward 6X vs. Ward 2X. 8:40—Ward 7 vs. Ward 28. Court 4—P. G. Witsman. 7:00—Phi Pi Phi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 7:16—Ward 4 vs. Ward 2.
Foilsmen Prepare For Buckeye Tilf At Columbus Saturday Coach Finney’s fencers will journey to Columbus, O., Saturday when they are to cross foils with the powerful Buckeyes of Ohio State. With but three of the Seven men who are to make the trip east picked, tryouts are now being run oif for the remaining four positions on the team. Because of ineligibility only Capt. Stepath in the sabre division, Maierson in foils, and Meier in the epee are sure of making the trip. After meeting Ohio State, the squad will rest up until a week from Friday when they travel to Chicago to meet the Maroons. From there they will journey to Madison where they will encounter both Wisconsin and Michigan State on Saturday. All freshmen who are interested in fencing are requested by Capt. Stepath to report to the Fieldhouse Tuesday afternoon. Later in the year, a freshman tournament will be run off with medals and numerals going to the leaders. Freshman Petitions For WSGA Due Soon I Petitions for freshman representatives to WSGA executive board must be han^d in at the WSGA office by February 20, in order that co-eds may vote at the WSGA mass meeting to be held February 24. The petitions, which must be signed by 26 freshmen co-eds, are to be written as follows: "We do hereby nominate to the position of freshman representative to the executive board of WSGA for the second semester 1938t 1939.” Two representatives will be chosen from the nominees. All who intend to vote must bring passports to the mass meeting according to an announcement made by Mary Alice Learning, WSGA president.
The University of Wisconsin has just established the first library in the world to be used exclusively by blind students. All of its books are in braille.
Track Stars At New York; Frosh Prepare For Meet Five Boilermaker track stars are scheduled to arrive in New York City today and work out in preparations for the Millrose games, one of the most outstanding events of the indoor track season. Accompanied by Coach Phillips, they left yesterday and planned to stay in Pittsburgh last night. The Boflermaker representatives T* n C A J Bodeau, Steve Gutting, Ed I an aOfrfSitQ • • • Holderman, Torchy Knapp, and Art Gaulke. Purdue will be entered in the college half-mile, the two-mile relay, and the 70 yard high hurdles. Meet Butler Wednesday During the absence of Coach Phillips the remainder of the track squad has been working out under freshman track coach Wilkening in preparation for their first test of the season against the Butler Bulldogs in the Fieldhouse next Wednesday. This will give track fans a chance to get their first look at the promising band of sophomores Vhich have been working for a place on the squad. Freshmen tracksters also face their first test next week when they compete with Chicago in a telegraphic meet. The times of the runners will be compared in order to determine the winners of each event. All freshmen track men who want to compete in this meet should see Coach Wilkening at once.
A bit of height, something that Purdue basketball teams in the past have lacked, is taken care of by Dan Fisher when the Anderson lad takes the floor at a forward post. When Anderson and Fisher are in the lineup. Piggy has little fear of shot after shot rolling off the bankboards to enemy hands. The department of printing at Carnegie Institute of Technology has equipment valued at more than $250,000.
\NBAA
On The Air—
'The Voice of Purdue' 11:00—^Morning Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Review, Dick Shively. , 12:80—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Eugene Finegan, violinist. 1:00—^You and Your Health. 1 tie—^Monitor Views the News. 1:80—Melody Time. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—^American Road Builders Program. 2:16—^Edward Foley, pianist. 2:80—^Radio Club. 8:00—Jefferson High School Program. 8:80—“Your Town and Mine.”
PERSONNEL NOTES Company: The Armstrong Cork Co., Lancaster, Pa. Representatives: J. J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager; G. W. Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. Visiting Purdue: Monday and Tuesday, February 13 and 14. Interviewing: Science and engineering seniors. Employment: Available in sales, foreign division, engineering department, and research laboratory. Qualifications: In sales, engineering students with personal poise. In the foreign division, one or two M. E.’s who know the Spanish language. In the engineering department, ME’s and EE’s; In the research lab, either outstanding ChE’s, analytical chemists, or ph37sicists; also Masters in ChE, or chemistry, and PhD’s in chemistry who are interested in paints and plastics. Those interested in employment with this company should read the literature in the main ofSce of their school and sign up for interviews.
We Pay 50% Cash For Second-hand Books Every Day H. G.' Deac KEISNER^CacaL CIbUl.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
O^nh’rcA ■
Fridoy# February 3, ld39
t'
Mars To Feature DeLanes
By Jerry Mueller Purdue students will have the opportunity of getting a glimpse of the bright lights and sweet music over the weekend by attending the road show, “Karstons Follies Unusual Stage Show,” the headline attraction at the Mars Theater. Having created a sensation in the West, it is now on its way to the East Coast prior to a trip abroad. Guiding genius of the attraction is the well-known showman and illusionist, Karston, and the entire production is built around the most eyetempting features. The show has a wealth of well-known vaudeville people outstanding of these are the De Lane sisters, headliners of the cast. Many of the scenes are of breath-taking novelty and illusion. Outstanding among these is the “Beauties in Pumpkin Land Scene.” Another of these is the “Dream of a Chinese Emperor.” The management of the Mars theater states that no tickets will be sold in advance and that popular prices will prevail. This announcement will be received with welcome as it enables everyone to see this unusual production.
ICE
CREAM
DAD’S PLACE
PINTS 15c
QUARTS 25c BRICK 29c
So
Drumsticks
- Cheerios - Brown Giants
Handy
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER This Is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Shoe Repair BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
• Florists
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD ). RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Buildlrtp 4h and Main f^ona 5701
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
The first students of Villanova College were required to furnish themselves with large silver spoons.
Lambda Kappa: A business dnd social meeting will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union at 7:80 p. m., Sunday, February 6. —OTT.
The so-called “French” telephone is not French at all. It was invented by a graduate of Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute.
WAA Volleyball: All co-eds interested in participating in volleyball report at women’s gym Friday, February 8, at 4 o’clock. This is the final call for participants. —FRASER.
Camera Club: The final entry date for prints in the traveling exhibit is February 16. Prints must be into the Union office by that date. Members having lockers in the darkroom please empty them as soon as possible. The darkdoom is closed indefinitely because of construction work on the Union. —HEDDEN.
Zouaves: Those who have not yet obtained their keys please call at 219 Waldron before Friday, February 8. —ECHTERLING.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves on Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —HURST.
WAA Fencing: Fencing is scheduled for every Monday and Friday afternoons. (2-8) —FRASER. Playshop: All workers report to the playshop office Friday, February 8, at 8 p. m. This is especially important for the business staff. —PRICE.
MISCELLANEOUS
Fraternity Presidents: Dinner meeting of the Fraternity Presidents Council Tuesday, February 7, at 6:30 p. m. at the Acacia House. Please notice the advance in time due to convocation. Full attendance is urged. —DEAN.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. ROOMS FOR RENT FOR RENT—One double room, automatic water heater. 464 Maple St., W. L. Phone 4988.
ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February II, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS.
Gold Peppers: All girls who turned in their stubs for basketball tickets please bring passports to ticket office in the Fieldhouse February 3 at 4 p. m. —COOLEY.
FOR RENT—1 single room with double bed. Quiet, comfortable. Phone 66034.
ROOMS for men. Twin beds. Close to campus. 149 Littleton. Phone 76264.
Freshmen Fencers: Men interested^ in fencing report to third floor of the Fieldhouse Monday, February 6, at 4 p. m. in serviceable clothing. —LEVIN.
FOR RENT—One-halt double room with separate study. Automatic heat and soft water shower. 134 Andrew Place.
Freshman Track: All freshman track men report immediately to me for assignments. (2-8) —WILKENING.
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest. Phone 3028.
WANTED—Girl who can shag or knows rudiments. Gene Weissman. 201 Russell. Phone 7724 evenings.
Freshmen Swimming Team: Members are requested to report Friday, February 3, at 4 p. m. at the Fieldhouse. The first telegraphic meet will be held February 18. —EASTWOOD.
FOR RENT—One double loom with single beds for men students. Also, one half of double room to share with student. 403 Maple. Phone 76062.
FOR RENT—Desirable room, knee-hole desk, excellent bed, showers. Plenty of heat and hot water. Board if desired. One-half square from campus. 116 Marstellar St. Phone 4916.
PE Students: All PE students taking Education 18 should see the secretaiy in room 110 in the Fieldhouse and leave with her their free hours for student teaching. (2-8) —EASTWOOD. Co-ed Debate: Co-eds interested in second semester varsity debate mqet in room 301, University Hall, at 4 p. m. Friday, February 3. —WINCH.
ROOM FOR RENT for man student. Phone 65633.
DOUBLE or one-half DOUBLE: On street car line. Grad, students or instructors preferred. $10. 103 Stadium. Phone 41662.
Engineer: The following men report to the Engineer office Friday, February 3: Botsford, Lantz, Horth, Layson, McClintock, Freeman, Adams, Stephenson, Shankland, and Jones. —FELIX.
FOR RENT—One double room, single beds. Wanted room-mate for graduate student. 432 N. Grant St. Phone 41612.
FOR RENT—One-half of double room. Single bed. Automatic heat, hot water. Two-car garage. 433 Vine.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Foth Derby F :3.6 lens ; lens cap; sun-shade; case. All for $15 cash. Equipment in good condition. Call Nutkowitz, 7724, or write Box 406.
CAA: All CAA pilots and alternates meet in room 108 of the ME Building Friday, February 3, at 7 a. m. —WOOD.
WAA Class Volleyball: Call out Friday, February 3, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. All intramural participants are eligible. This is a compulsory meeting for all interested. —McKEE.
FOR SALE—One new radio-phonograph combination ; one slightly used radio-phono-graph combination. Call Hamilton 35204.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Black and silver Sheaffer pen. Reward. Call 3465.
Student Senate: Senators please report to Sully Mason or myself, for duty on Book Exchange in the Union Ballroom at 10 a. m. Come in whenever you have some spare time. (2-6) —ELLIOTT. Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-5) —HADBEN.
/ r
Everything You Need You will soon nee<d many supplies for your Art courses. Be wise — save money and time by bringing your list in early for us to fill out.
Tempra paints in the exact colors specified by the Art department.
For pen and ink work you will like our quality of paper. You will also be able to select any size pen point you desire or need.
Paint brushes varying from very small to large. You will find one to fit every need. Poster board in any color desired. Oak tag paper for mounting and special paper for water colors and ink are to be found on our shelves.
SOUTHWORTH'S
^‘Say Fellows
Exponent Staff: The following workers will report at 2 p. m. or as soon after as possible on the day assigned. Full schedule is on the bulletin board in Union qffice. Please notify me of omissions. Friday, February 3 : Frederick, night editor; Beer, issue ; Ganzar, proof; Howard, DeHoog, Payne, Kung, workers. Saturday, February 4 : Kroeplin, night editor; Ahlf, issue; Donahue, proof; Massey, Beer, McKee, Kepner. Smith, workers. —HARDIN.
85
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. —DYER, WRAY.
PIA Orchestra; Rehearsal Friday, February 3, at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. All members are urged to attend. —SHINN.
K^Uni)^
Phone
Glee Club: Call for game tickets at Fieldhouse office. Passports are necessary. (2-6) —WORCESTER.
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meet in the office at 4 p. m. Tuesday, February 7. Your attendance will indicate your interest in the magazine. —BEHRENDS.
You Know
It Costs Only
To make “Your Girl” PROUD to Go Places with you! Cheap isn’t it? Just the price of your old suit cleaned and pressed like the American does it.
American!
West Side Office—132 Vine Street
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. —FISHLEIGH.
Repair Damages Perhaps not only your car needs repairing but your college education may also need I'” reconditioning. It is time to correct both.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048