j:
Purdue
Z.1A5
Volume 51, No. 99
Exponent
Friday', Febniary 2, 1940
C. Wickard, Ag '15 Named Agriculture Under-Secretary Claude R. Wickard, Ag. '15, was nominated yesterday by J’resident Roosevelt to be under secretary of agriculture succeeding M. L. Wilson, who resigned January 31. Wickard, nationally known for his hog production, is one Indiana’s leading farmers. He resigned his position of senator in the state legislature in 1933 to serve on a national committee of leading farmers to formulate the comrhog program for the AAA. For his outstanding work, he was appointed assistant chief of the com-hog program for the North Central section of the country, a district composed of ten states including Indiana. From this position he soon rose to director of AAA program for the same section, a job he held until his nomination yesterday. Wickard has a daughter, Betty Wickard, S ’40, enrolled in the University. WHR Will Entertain Eds At Tea Dance
High spot oh the social calendar at the Women’s Residence Halls this month will be a Valentine tea dance and buffet supper to be held February 10. Recreation rooms in the North and South halls will be used for dancing. Popular recordings will furnish music for the occasion. Arrangements for the tea dance are under the direction of Gene Taylor, West hall; Shirley Canning, North hall; Marilyn Walters and Kae Weber, South hall.
Exchange Closes Second Day With $2,000; 625 Bdoks At 4 p. m. yesterday the Book Exchange had 626 books on hand and had grossed over $2,000. -'Situated in their new offices in the subbasement of the new addition of the Union, Jhe exchange seemed to be functioning as successfully as in former years. The'exchange officials feel, however, that the student body is not cooperating as well as it might. The practice of holding out books needed by the exchange in hopes of better prices and also asking exhorbitant prides for books slows down sales and defeats the purpose of the exchange. Short on ‘Tec’ Books Books that are needed most are technical books for all engineering schools, agricultural text-books, advanced chemistry and biology books. The students are warned that the Exchange has a large number of Psychology 1, English 32, English 1, Phys. Ed. 9, and Math. 1 and 2 texts on hand. All types of books will be accepted until Saturday evening at 6 after which the Exchange will receive no more books. Selling, however, will be continued until Tuesday evening February 6. All students who-wish to determine I if their books have been sold may check the lists just inside the Book Exchange and, if they have been sold, may obtain their money by presenting their call slips at the coimter. Follow Those Arrows Incidentally if you are one of the 7,000 bewildered students who is in the dark about getting around *in the new addition you may find the Exchange by starting in the Bowling Alleys ^nd following the arrows. The Book Exchange is issuing a call for juniors interested in obtaining positions on next year’s exchange. There are but a few out for these positions and more are needed.
By John Traugott Mr. Tommy Dorsey being the exhilarating person that he undoubtedly is, or at least, so to the some 3,000 victims of this parietal life who congregated in the Union Ballroom the other night, we resolved upon ourselves the task of getting an interview with this man, who eventually proved himself to be, like Caesar’s wife, unapprochable. Must Get Rest Our efforts to get the interview really can be neatly placed in three distinct phases, the first of which saw us advancing as far as the Fowler hotel lobby, while Mr. Dorsey, of course, remained safely cached in his room on the seventh floor. The clerk at the desk, being in a rut, merely muttered over and over, as if he were sawing wood: “Mr. Dorsey is not to be disturbed until 6 o’clock.” While we were pleading in the face of this, others came to the desk, and still the good clerk, without even breaking cadence, muttered the same unequivocal sentence. Unfortunately Mr. Dorsey’s rising coincided with our dinner hour, and Mr. Dorsey had to suffer. Students, en masse, oftentimes confused with the thundering herd, or the Light Brigade, were poised outside the ballroom doors to charge at about 8:16 p. m. when we made 6ur second attempt to interview Mr. Dorsey, and were cheated of success within sight of the sweat on the Dorsey trombone, which with its owner was undergoing a warming up before the doors were opened to the 1600 men minus some 2,600 dollars and the 1600 giggling female exuding a dust cloud df orris root. Subterfuge We had accomplished our entrance into the ballroom by a tortuous route which took us through two kitchens, whose locked doors we solved with the connivance of the scullery maids. We talked our way past the guard at the small
east side door of the ballroom by muttering something about “editor, Exponent.” (Moral or ethic considerations have no place with an enterprising reporter). We strode across the floor, convinced now of the Power of the Press, and had rounded the corner into the new ballroom and wefe in sight of Mr. Dorsey when the power of Mr. L. M. Vallely, who makes a job of running the Union, suddenly replaced the Power of the Press. It seemed that Mr. Vallely, his eyes already dilated with huge dollar signs, was scouring the ballroom for any persons other than Mr. Dorsey and his band, who were admitted free. Again we said something about wanting an interview for the Exponent, but Mr. Vallely' hesitated a minute, glanced at the 3,000 behind the glass doors, and with his eyes growing ever bigger, unceremoniously ushered us out. Managers, Phooey Our last effort of the evening might, with a bit of rationalization, even be termed a quasi-success: We talked to Mr. Dorsey’s business manager. He was unique. While keeping one eye on us and the other on the bandstand to preclude any possibility of our rushing up and bodily abducting Mr. Dorsey, he said no, ten thousand (10,000) times no to our entreaties fof an interview with the boss. All the while that this pleading was going on, the band’s drummer, his lips pulsating sensuously, was beating out all the cannon fire since Napolean at a terrific rate while the band members and the 3,000 wiggled reverently and ^silently. Mr. Dorsey’s manager was having a terrible time, of course, swaying with the ryhthm, smiling, and keeping his eyes focused in different directions, but as the last note of “Star Dust” floated away, he suddenly made a first class sprint and outdistanced us in the stretch, spiriting Mr. Doi'sey from the ballroom before we could knock down four couples to give chase.
~ . I iMfii rs TeachersFrom-Ten Two Triads Will Occupy count,eswmHold
Union Ballrooms Tonight Rayburn Will Play pKP Triad To Hear For Miami Triad Music Of Tiny Hill
Tommy Dorsey Proves Himself ToBe Immune To G-Man Tactics
Boyd Rayburn with his “rhythms by Rayburn” will play for the annual Phi Delta Theta-Beta Theta Pi-Sigma Chi, Miami Triad tonight at 9 in the old Union ballroom. The dance will be formal with only tux or tails as the acceptable style of dress. The affair will be closed to all except the members of the three fraternities and to the holders of bids given out by the group. Rayburn, who is playing for his first campus dance here, will present an orchestra which he has held intact since his sophomore year at the University of Chicago. As vocalists the maestro offers a quartet, “Three men and a Maid,” a glee club, and Lorraine, his featured female singer who was formerly with Joe Sanders band. Rayburn has played zn hotels and dance spots throughout the country. He has been featured for the past year on the Dodge Greater Chicago program and recently finished a Melody Mill engagement. Indianapolis Symphony To Play For First Convo Tuesday Night In Gym Opening this semester’s convo series, the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, under the direction of Fabian Sevitsky, will present its annual concert next Tuesday evening at 8 in the Memorial Gymnasium. The drchestra wil lalso give a children’s concert in Memorial Gymnasium Tuesday afternoon at 3. This children’s concert is sponsored by the Lafayette unit of the women’s committee of the Indiana State Symphony Society. All passports and season tickets will be accepted for admission to the evening concert. Riveter Matmen Meet Illinois Normal A well balanced squad, composed of three seniors, three juniors, and two sophomores, will meet the Illinois State Normal wrestling squad in the first home meet of the season tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse. The meet will be open to the public and no admission charge will be made. The Boilermaker squad, which placed second in the midwest A. A. U. meet in Chicago against such wrestling luminaries as Indiana, Northwestern, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Ohio State, will have plenty of action in the next few weeks, meeting as many as three opponents in one week. The invading Illinois Normal team is well on its way to a successful season with a record of three wins and one loss to date. Last year the Boilermaker wrestlers downed the Illinois State team in both of their meets. The starting line-up for tomorrow’s meet, by virtue of elimination bouts, will be: 121 pounds—Fredeiicks 128 pounds—Timms 136 pounds—Lindeman 146 pounds—Papurca 165 pounds—Captain Willey 166 pounds—Camperman 176 pounds—Moe Aronson Heavyweight—Rossi. Sirloin Banquet . .. sponsored by Hoof and Horn, honorary animal husbandry fraternity, will be held in the Home Economics building on Monday night, February 19, at 6 o’clock, according to an announcement made last night. Both regular and winter course students specializing in animal husbandrj^ are invited to attend. Details regarding ticket sales will be announced later.
Members of the three fraternities and their guests will dance tonight in the new ballroom to the music of 'Tiny Hill of Melody Mill fame. The Triad will begin at 9 p. m. Known as the PKP Northwestern Triad, the dance made its debut on the campus last year. Participating
Tiny Hill
in what is now an annual event are, Kappa Delta Rho, Phi Kappa Tau and Phi Kappa. Derivation of the title of the dance is based upon the fact that the fraternities are located on Northwestern Avenue. Tiny Hill is perhaps the best known for his popularization of “Angry” into a best seller among Brunswick-Vocalion records. Recently he has been heard regularly over a nationally known radio network. However, Tiny probably gained more popularity locally while playing at the Melody Mill Ballroom in Chicago. It was here that he became well known in his' present style. Kizer Doesn't Want Trophy. Who Does? A current influx of trophies is the probable indirect cause of the finding of an Indiana Gamma basketball trophy on the Lafayette city dump by the Lafayette Police Department yesterday afternoon. The trophy was delivered to Nobe Kizer’s office by the police. Although collecting trophies may be pleasant, through a sense of honor Mr. Kizer asks that the owner please call for it.
Second Semester Rush To Open Sunday At Noon Registration for second semester rush will take place from 2 to 6 o’clock on Saturday, January 3, at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union lobby. The rush period will officially open at Sunday noon and will close at midnight Saturday, February 10. Rushing will be informal in nature. Dates and parties will be scheduled for any time and entertainment may be of any sort. Pledging may be held throughout the week. The sororities will not establish any quota for the second semester. Rifle Team Fires Against Michigan; Positions Open The Boilermaker rifle team, which has lost to Minnesota and Iowa, will fire against Michigfan this week. J. Fred Holmes is coaching the team, which is practicing regularly at the Fieldhouse rifle rangfe.
Conference Here At the request of teachers throughout northwestern Indiana, the Department of Education and Applied Psychology has planned a special ten county teachers’ institute to be held here tomorrow. Teachers and administrators from Benton, Cass, Carroll, Clinton, Fontain, Howard, Jasper, Montgomery, Newton, Tippecanoe, and Warrei^ Counties are expected to attend. • Three Sessions The institute will consist of a morning session, au afternoon session, and a luncheon. The morning session will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall and will consist of addresses by Dr. A. J. Harris of the College of the City of New York, Dr. Howard Anderson of Cornell University, and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology here. The afternoon will be given over to 13 different group discussions, each taking up some phase of public school work. Over 600 reservations have been received for the luncheon which is to be held in the Union Ballroom. Entertainment will be provided by the Purdue Orchestra and Concert Choir. Fraternities, Wards Begin Second Term Net Card Next Week Both the fraternities and wards will renew their respective basketball tourneys next week when the net swishers open up the class “B” intramural hardwood activities. The fraternities will clash in their first round matches on Tuesday, while the wards will start the festivities with a batch of practice games on Monday. Entries for both groups are due in the intramural office today. A complete list of players who participated in class “A” games and are ineligible for class “B” competition has been sent to the athletic managers, who have been warned to be careful not to use
them.
What It’s Worth The fraternity tournament will be a double elimination affair, two losses are required before a team is dropped from the race. Each house competing will be awarded 26 participation points. The winners will receive 5 extra points and a trophy, while the runner-up will receive 3 additional points. Cary Hall’s four best quintets will meet the four top teams in the ward circuit for the independent laurels. The ward tournament will be run off as a single elimination,
affair.
Ping Pong Greek ping pong enthusiasts will get their chance to bash the little celluloid sphere around, when the fraternity tournament gets under way on Wednesday, February 7. It will be a single elimination event with two men to a team. Short Course Cage Program Continues More than 160 ag short course boys are participating in the special athletic program provided for them which is under supervision of Larry Imhoff. Each Tuesday and Friday night the entire group meets' at the Fieldhouse for action in seven different sports. Starting Tuesday night, play began in two 6-teara basketball leagues with the following results; Bulldogs 41, Eagles, 4; Tigers 27, Hoosiers 6; Wildcats 40, Yanks 25; Boilermakers 17, Rattlers 14; Panthers 79, Buckeyes 9; Rams 26, Ag-
gies 8.
Phi Kappa
Lab Theatre Group, Playshop Tryouts WillBeHeldToday Final tryouts for Playshop’s production of “Seventh Heaven,” Austin Strong’s famous drama, will be held this afternoon from 4 to 6 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. In conjunction with this tryout the Laboratory Theatre will also hold tryouts for their first pioduction of the second semester. The Lab Theatre makes a departure from their customary oneact plays by presenting scenes from five famous plays, taking the highlights of English drama from the “Wakefield Nativity” cycle to Oscar Wilde’s “Lady Windermere’s
Fan.”
Large casts of both men and women are needed for this production and “Seventh Heaven.” Students interested in acting or in working on stage crews are urged to appear this afternoon at this final tryout. The Lab Theatre will present their production in about two weeks. Prof. R. H. George Dr.H.B.HassHailed Modern Pioneers'
//
. . . Social Fraternity announces the pledging of Bob Angermeier and Ed Johnstone both of Evansville, Ind.
Prof. R. H. George of the school of electrical engineering, and DrHenry B. Hass, head of the department of chemistry, have been selected from among outstanding scientists of the country for the designation of “Modem Pioneers” by the National Manufacturer’s Association. Both men have made outstanding contributions to their different fields ’ of work. Prof. George has invented and improved television and radio devices which have contributed greatly to these fields. Dr. Hass has made his greatest contribution in the field of chemistry with his work in nitration of hydrocarbons. As a result of his efforts various new products have come onto the market. Dr. Hass has also compiled valuable data throwing a new light on the much sought after knowledge. Dr. Harding Returns From Eastern Trip Dr. C. Francis Harding, head of the Electrical Engineering school, has just returned from Washington, where he applied to the Federal Communications Commission for increased power for WBAA. In addition, he applied for a permit to reconstruct the University television station on the new frequency required by the commission. Besides the trip to Washington, Dr. Harding visited New York where he attended the annual AI EE convention. Here he inspected television developments and presented a discussion of papers on blind landings. Squash Squad Meets Notre Dame Tomorrow Coach Clevett and five members of the Riveter squash team will travel to South Bend Saturday afternoon to meet the recently organied Notre Dame squash squad. This will be the Irish’s first inter-col-legiate squash contest in several years, as the sport has been discontinued at this school for quite a time. The contest will be played on the newly erected courts in the recently finished Memorial Fieldhouse. Due to the inexperience of the Irish racqueteers. Coach Clevett plans to take only one man from the Aguiar team, with the remaining four men making the trip either sophomores or reserves. The five men making the trip are; Eberhard, Mann, McMSlan, Adams, and Bond.>
W9mm,
■it
y'.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, February 2, 1940
At.'
Vi
Na maAkm will b« mceaptad aftw t p. ai. Reamer dab: No more meetinsa thb semeeter. Next meetins: wiB be held Monday, February 6, In room F of the Union. —REIUQY.
WAA; Next fencing meeting will be held February 2 at 4 p. m. in the Woman’s Gymnasium. _ —STICKLER.
Purdue Peace Fellowship: All members urged ■ to attend Friday, February 2, conferences with Robert Mackie. —BELCHER.
Aeromodelers: Meeting Friday, February 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union. Important. —RILEY. Women’s PEW Classes: All freshmen classes report to Physical Education in gymnasium costumes ready for work Thursday and Friday. —CASE.
Exponent Co-eds: Work schedules are as follows: Thursday, February 1, Carroll Irwin, Stiers; Friday, February 2, Burtsfield, McClintock, Campbell, Funkhouser; Saturday, February 3, Simpson, Stallings, Coulter, Beard. New schedules will be arranged at the organization meeting Saturday, February 3, at 1 p. m. in the new Exponent offices. Everyone who intends to work should be present. —SCHILLING.
Outing Club: There will be a hike and ice skating party Sunday, February 4, weather permitting. All who are interested please call one of the following immediately, Marjorie Ward, 41111: Marcile Long, 2823; or Fred Cordua, 35293. —CORDUA.
Agricnltnral Staff: The second mating of the Agricultural staff will be held in the faculty lounge of the Union building from 7 :30 to 9- p. m. Friday, February 2. President Elliott will speak on the subject “The Relation of' Better Teaching to the Promotion of Student Honesty.” —McCLINTOCK.
P.I.A. Board: There will be a very important meeting Monday, February 6, at 7 :30 p. m. Every member must be present. —HINSHAW.
Cosmopolitan Club: Party 8 p. m., Friday, February 2, in room 363 of the new Union. No regular meeting. —SHICKEL.
Scabbard and Blade Ball Committee: Meeting on the second floor of the Armory at 4 p. m., Friday, February 2. —PERRIN.
Zouaves: Meeting Monday, February 5. Bring money for keys. —TEETER.
Scrivener Freshmen: All workers on editorial and business staffs leave new programs in the office, room 380, by 4:30 p. m. Monday, February 5. —STEFFEE.
Debris Photographic Staff: Meeting Monday, February 5, at 4 p. m. in room C of the union. —FREEMAN.
Exponent Sports Staff: Important meeting Tuesday, February 6, at 7:30 in the Union office. All freshmen, sophomores, and. juniors be there. Bring schedule cards, dent Office on Saturday, February 3. at —JENKINS.
Prom Committee: Meeting in Independent office Saturday, February 3, at 1:30 p. m. Important. —ROYCE. Fraternity Presidents: Please send a replica of your badges to the Union office on or before'Wednesday, February 7, for decorations for Interfraternity Ball. —VIEHE.
Lost and Found Workers: Report to office for work. (2-5) —DANIEL.
Student Senate: AH members who are eligible for keys should call for them immediately in the Senate office. Please bring 75c. The following may receive keys: R. Obenchain, W. E. Musser, V. Milea, R. C. Springgate, R. Reiley, M. McKee. (2-5) — DANIEL.
WBAA Announcers: Report to station and hand in second semester schedules. . — WILLIAMS.
WAA Class Volleyball: Practices at 4 p. m. on Friday, February 2, Monday, February 5, Tuesday, February 6, and Wednesday, February 7. Two practices are required for participation. —MORRIS.
Varsity Track: All track men must sign eligibility blanks, February 2; in Kizer’s office. — MANN.
Chemistry 109, 110, 126: All enrolled in these courses turn their schedules in at my office as soon as possible. —ELVING.
Exponent Staff: For.Friday night: Miers, night editor i Heaton, Issue editor ; Ruffner, Sears, Purcell. —FEED.
Pi Tau Sigma: New members’ certificates of membership are in G. A.’s office. —KOLB.
THE SmSER
TIswa,
By Jean McClintock
“Grapes of Wrath” is a roving and disturbing crossection-story of migratory and insecure America. Its driving force applied at the right time (the uncertain 1930’s) is the feeling of injustice. It is filled with protest and' compassion—a challenge to all of us who live in America, the land of plenty. John Steinbeck has the common touch and the ability to dramatize action and language. There are contained in this volume many strangely moving scenes brimmed with pathos. Tom’s first meeting with his mother after his release from prison, Ma cleaning the room just before leaving for California, and the death of G^-andpa, are examples. Less moving but not less vivid ai’e scenes concerning the old car, the rough humor, and Ma’s vigilance. Steinbeck’s characters have the tremendous vitality, and he paints the picture of the economic outrage and human tragedy with startling reaU
By Virginia Barson Co-eds will vie for swimming honors in the intramural swimming tournament to be held February 13 at 7:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Any number of contestants maybe entered from the houses and wards. Events of the meet will include 100 yard dash, 60 yard dash, crawl, free style dashes, backstroke, comedy features, and diying contests. Scoring will be based on points, and the house or ward receiving the largest total number of points will be awarded a silver loving cup. Last year the Pi Beta Phi’s carried off the cup for permanent possession.
A Tribe Travels The tale is that of a down-trod-den people Who try, in a desperate migration, to better their conditions. This story of the Joads, a picturesque and some what eccentric tribe, tells the fate of all 300,000 of them. When the land upon which the family has lived and farmed for many years ceases, by this long use to be furtile. Pa borrows from the bank. It is only .a short time until they are dispossessed. Tractors of the land company plow under the farm yards, knock the houses askew and bury the country under cotton. Meanwhile, the people, selling their belongings for what they can get, buy second hand' “jallopies,” and, loading kin, children, dogs, mattresses and utensils, begin their long, angry and hopeful exodus to the promised land—California.
Any two co-eds may get together and engage in a friendly little battle of badminton in the doubles tournament, which is continuing throughout this semester. Events may be played oft’ any afternoon at 4 p. m. Points for WAA will be earned by participation. A badminton club is to be formed and girls desiring to enter it may sign in the lobby of the gymnasium.
—waa— Basketball is here at last. Co-eds may begin practices today, Wednesday, February 7, or Thursday, February 8. The first gam’es of the season are scheduled for Friday, February 9. Two practices are required for WAA activity points.
14 People and A Dog Fourteen people and a dog pile into Joad’s truck. On the way across they are joined by caravans of cars filled to overflowing with people lured by the promise of work. Had they not seen the hand bills telling of the shortage of labor ? That for. which the land owners had hoped became a reality; but so many people came that wages were lowered to almost nothing. Hungry men, willing to accept practically anything took jobs ■ away from others who held out for higher wages. Those who were left snatched back the work at still less wages. The result was a horde of starving and homeless people, living in the filth of roadside camps, forever wandering, all thoughts of security gone and so, “Grapes of Wrath.”
Want to play volleyball? Why not try to make your class team ? Practices are being held today, Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Memorial 'Gymnasium. Reqfiirements are: two practices, health grade of B or higher, and a scholastic aveirage of 3.5 Tournament play begins after the last practice which will be held Wednesday, February 7. Girls making the class team will receive 100 ; WAA points.
Ping-pong games and shuffleboard games are starting. Sign up Monday, February 5, at the office in the gym. There will be sevei’al tournaments started soon.
Girls! A course in senior Red Cross Life Saving is being offered free of charge to all co-eds over 17 years of age. Swimming ability is the only prerequisite. Instruction classes will be held every Wednesday evening at 7:15. Camp jobs are available to senior life savers, so sign up now if you are interested in doing summer counseling.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
‘FOR SALE—'
—Tjrpewrti
itandiurd and portae, sold, purchased, rent-
able
iters. All malra.
ed and repaired. New portable machines as
low as $29.76.
Freshman Engineers: EngineerinE lectures will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday, February 3, at 8 a. m, —KNAPP.
Supplies. O. F. Ebershoff,
696 Main steeet. FOR RENT
QUIET ROOM in new fully insulated house. InnersprinK mattrees,^ continuons hot
water; two bh
Grant.
blocks from Union. 306 S.
FOR RENT—Single room. 122 Pierce entrance. 35271.
FOR RENT—West Lafayette — neatly furnished room. Ladies, employed. Garage. 2637.
Freshman Track: All interested freshmen are urged to meet today in room 107 in the field house at 5 p. m. Freshman coach Wilkining is anxious for all freshmen interested in track to be sure and attend. —KENNEDY.
FOR RENT—One single room and one double room with twin beds. Roommate preferred. 432 N. Grant.
FOR SALE—1929 Essex Coach — Two new rear tires — upholstering good. 629 North Fifth.
CANADA DRY dad s Ginger Ale - Lime Rickey PUCE
So Handy
Tom Collins
Sparkling Water
Starts SATURDAY
BARBARA STAIWYCK
FREB
in
"REMEMBER THE NiGHT”
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
fheEARLofCHICAG
fiuff Session
Dear Bull: Perhaps you can tell me why the idea of afternoon dances in the cafeteria was dropped last year. Last year the Union sponsored a dance in the cafeteria using a nicklodian for music and with free admission.
It didn’t fail for lack of funds, for there was a line of students constantly in front of the machine wanting to-put their nickles in. And it wasn’t from lack of interest eith-' er because plenty of people went to it and there were plenty more that, while they weren’t able to get there that afternoon, thought that it was a fine idea and would have gone if they had been continued. ,
Students even started to dance this year in the enlarged sweetshop before the new bar was put in. As far as we can see there is no reason why a part of the cafeteria could not be cleared each afternoon for dancing. Of course we are not acquanted with the “behind the scenes” details but we thought it was swell and there were a lot of people that thought the same. We would like, to see it given another try. R. A. F.
dilm, and. dish.
By Georgaiin Schilling
And so the semester begins, and a clean slate is acquired by all. Again comes the vast crowd to this great institution—-some to learn to subdue themselves lin the maelstrom of learning, others to prove that pursuit of pleasure is the greatest thing in existence.
H & H
Again they trudge over to the house of the army to be jammed and jostled in a weary wait to inscribe their na'mes on the roll of registration, and seek the masters that they may bask under the dry-
TODAY-SATURDAY.
THE YEAR'S MOST MYSTERICAL MYSTERY! BERGEN * ^Sm&McCARTHY MOSTIMER SNERO ciiffiliEiitcmf
— COMING SOON— ^GONE WITH THE WIND'
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
—-WITH — JACKIE COOGAN BETTY GRABLE
—ALSO —
IKHnNC IKION
SERIAI IN 12 CHAPTEN
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichfy
‘That’s my final price, lady—go in there, why don’tcha, an’ see what THEY get for poils!”
ing rays of their intellectualism. H & H Can words ever do justice to the new Union addition ? We have heard it described in all kinds of adjectives and exclamations. We agree that history was really made on Wednesday night. To the Union officials we’d like to send our Congratulations, and agree with the entire campus in saying “We think it’s super.” H & H Indiana seem^ to be playing host to all. the name bands these February days. After his appearance in the ballroom Wednesday night, T. Dorsey proceeded'to Indianapolis for a week’s personal appearance engagement. On Saturday night of this week Anson Weeks
and his band are appearing at the Music Hall in our capital city. Rudy Bundy is playing at the Music Hall on Sunday night of this week followed by Little Jack Little on Sunday, February 18, and Jimmy James and his WLW band on Februai’y 24 and 25. Little Jack Little will give the campus dancers a treat when he plays for the Interfraternity Ball next week-end, and Bob Zurke is scheduled for the PanHellenic dance on February 16.
H & H Confucius say, “Some month.”
LU^
— TODAY-SATURDAY —
MARY DOUGtASS CARIISLEDUMBRILLE PAIS ofiH« GOLDEN WEST
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
A Gay Fiesta of Song and Thrills . . . North of .the Border! Filmed in Color!
‘THE GENTLEMAN FROM ARIZONA' with JOHN KING JOAN BARCLAY -Plus-
Bullet ’Swift Action Spine Chilling Thrills Breathless Mystery! "SUED FOR LIBEL" with mNT TAYLOR LINDA HAYES
Suppressed — But UNCENSOREDl Banned Until Now By Federal Authorities! THE MOST TALKED ABOUT PICTURE IN THE WORLD!
An Uncensored Romance of a Woman Who Craved Love! SEE IT TONITE!
AJVIERICA'S NO.I GLAMOUR Giai
ADUITS^mA
ALL SEATS 35c
TONITE - SATURDAY MIDNHE SHOWS ONLY 11:30 P. M.
'' !
■i.f'riday, February 2, 1940
£xfu>mnL Spoh±L, fiaqa
»\
Five Big Ten Teams Resume Activity Tomorrow Night Five Western Conference teams will renew their 1940 hardwood campaign tomorrow after a ten day- respite reserved for final examinations and mid-semester vacation. Engaging five of the most formidable non-conference foes in the mid-west, the five Big Ten teams will attempt to maintain the Conference supremacy thus far upheld with a league record of 51 wins against only 19 setbacks at the hands of non conference teams, mini. Lose Three Men
Illinois, one of the hard luck teams of the conference when eligibility is Concerned, again appears to be suffering from the scourge which kept Louie Boudreau and Pick Dehner on the sidelines during parts of the past two Big Ten seasons. The Illini must play the remaining two thirds of their conference schedule sans the services ^of Bob Richmond, varsity guard, who .teams with Handlon, stellar Illinois defensive ace... In addition.
two of Doug Mills’ sophomore reserves will be forced to cease play for the remainder of the season. Indiana will also lose three men during the second semester, but will not suffer as badly as will Illinois as none of the trio is a meniber of the Hoosier regular quintet. One of the famed Torphy brothers from Bedford was one of the three reserves lost via the ineligibility route.
n
WHAT'S
V
4
MISSIHC?
What
<
One Thing
' ! W \ '
Will
/"
4
Complete
// /I
Her
// /ii'|
4
Charming
/I lim
Attire?
' f i 1 ili
1
A
' m I Ub
1
1 ^ 1
r
by
r
//9 / ’
i '
Kotkd
^loddt
^35 Main Street
Phone 7955 - 8050 /
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR/ HAROLD J. klSK 4th & Main Phone, 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor i ' HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts..
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tin Shop
• Dairy Products
John Balkema Tin Shop , Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
The Boilermakers, now leading the Big Ten pack with a clean slate against conference foes, cfmerged unscathed from ineligibilities with the average team scholastic index above 4.00. Probably the headliner in the five contests tomorrow night will be the Indiana-DePaul battle on the DePaul fioor. This game will attract exceeding interest from Boilerflnaker fans, as the Blue Demons are one of the lonely pair of teams able to outscore the Gold and Black team this season. Also, the game should provide a preview of what to expect in the Hoosier-Riveter tilt to be held the following Saturday evening. DePaul is rated as one of the outstanding teams in the Middle-west, and is given a good chance to overshade the Hoosiers. However, they will be forced to play without the services of Lou Possner, high scoring sophomore forward, who has been providing the spark for a great many of the Blue Demon victories this seasop. Ohio State’s^ defending Big Ten champions will travel to Indianapolis tomorrow to meet the Butler Bulldogs. Butler defeated Iowa this season and has lost to both Indilina and Illinois. Wisconsin will travel to East Lansing to meet the Spartans of Michigan State. The Spartans have already been defeated, twice this season by Michigan, but they boast a powerful offense that could easily prove superior to the Badger attack. The fifth game of the evening will be played in Chicago, as the last place Maroons oppose an equally weak Loyola squad in an inter-city game.
Riveter Netters Point For Hooier Tilt
Cagers Work To Return To Form For Conference Race
iteiOiAk By Robert J. Deckard
Brains and Brawn this time! Not only are the Boilermakers on Piggy Lambert’s basketball five leading the Big Ten in the conference race this year, but the athletes are performing equally as well in the classroom. —^fc— Figures compiled recently reveill that 20 Riveters are setting the conference pace in the scholastic index department by having negotiated a 4.05 average this past semester. The 4.05 compares more favorably with the all-university index of 3.81 for last year’s second semester and the all-men index of 3.78 . . . Nice going, lads! . . . —^fc— Purdue’s current leadership in the Big Ten basketball race, undefeated in four games, only follows precedent, for the Boilermakers biennially stake -out a claim to a conference title in the even years. Since 1920 the Boilermakers have failed to win or share a conference title in an even year only once, that being 1924 ... In addition the Boilermakers have had a share of the title in 1921 and 1936.
GRAVES’ Quality BAKERY 124 State Street Phone 3752
“Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^’
By Stewart Marquis Piggy Lambert’s torrid Boilermaker Basketeers will hit the trail of the mythical Big Ten hardwood pennant again a week from tomorrow as they face their ancient down-state rivals, the Indiana Hoosiers. The big question of all mid-western basketball fans and players will be decided at that all-impoirtant clash. Can the Boilermakers continue the red hot pace which set down Northwestern, Ohio State, Wisconsin, and Minnesota in succession Will the Riveters’ balanced scoring, speed, and fancy ball handling continue to be the big factor in the Western Confer-
ence race ?
Lots of Practice Determined to show the experts and fans that their early season play wasn't just a flash in the pan, the Boilermaker squad has settled down to a grueling practice schedule in an effort to work themselves up to top form for the Hoosiers. At each night’s practice the Riveter netters top off a session of drill in the fundamentals of the game with a full length scrimmage. With the lone exception of Captain Fred Beretta, who was absent from last night’s practice because of a slight Charley horse he got in Wednesday’s scrimmage, each member of the Boilermaker squad is in top shape. According to Lou Mann, team trainer, Beretta will be ready for practice again Monday. None of the regular netters on the Riveter team seems to have lost much in the way of condition and form during the enforced layoff. Bob Igney has not only retained his deadly aim but has added a couple of more spots on the floor to start his long range shots from. Don Blanken is still playing the pivot post with his usual deception and rolling the ball off the back of his hand into the bucket from every
angle.
Mickey Tierney is still diving into the middle of a host of comparative giants and miraculously emerging with the ball. Eli Yeager is ball-hawking with the best of them. And, of course, reliable Dan Fisher, is controlling the rebounds and flashing past the defense to add to the Riveter score. , ; When the referee blows his whistle next Saturday night far down in Hoosier territory, you can be sure the Boilermakers will be tough. After all, the Riveters have everything to lose. The leadership of the Big Ten, an eight game winning streak, and a well-established Boilermaker supremacy will be at
stake.
Don Carlson, Minnesota’s sophomore forward, is making Gopher fans forget the scoring feats of Johnny Kundla, their 1939 star . . . Carlson is tied for fourth among Big Ten scorers after four games with.45 points, an average better than that of Kundla who set the Minnesota record for Big Ten scoring of 114 points last year.
—^fc—
Joe Stampf, Chicago forward, leads Big Ten scorers in free throws with 16, and he has an average from the foul line of .750 . . . Best record in the conference is that of Wisconsin’s Bob Schwartz, who has hit 13
out of 14 attempts . . .
Forrest Sprowl, Purdue, has hit six of seven and Vic Siegel of Iowa and Will Warhol of Minnesota has
scored on nine of 11 shots.
Good health is happiness. Proper diet is the basis of health. And right there it is where Graves Bake Goods come in. Their delicious flavor adds to
their accomplishments.
DO THINGS RIGHT THIS SEMESTER 1st—By having good health 2nd-By keeping your study resolutions
We can only promote Your good Health by giving you high quality MILK But we certainly wish you luck in your study efforts SUNSHINE FARMS
807 N. 4th Street
Phone 5015
vi ■' li ’'
i -
ii
I
I
i:
I }TtlE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday. Febraary 2. 1940
Jjuml^ JoUl
Registration Recollections
Eighth registration, our last except for next summer session. Many faces are gone since the first time we fought with the schedule cards, but many new faces are present to replace them. Same old moans of dismay as sections close . . . students greeting each other on all sides . . . advisers and students arguing over schedule possibilities .., the eternal fight for no 8 o’clock classes and a free Saturday morning.
registration it might help*many students to choose their courses. Course descriptions in the University Bulletin are generally inadequate, and it is not always possible to find an instructor or fellow student who can give concrete information concerning the course content. The student who flipped a coin to see which he would choose of two possible electives offered at the same hour might discard his coin-flipping for an intelligent choice after considering each course outline.
But
Incidentally
We heard one Boilermaker complain that he had prepared four different schedules, only to be balked at the last minute on every one by an essential section closing. The Red menace in Finland was nothing compared to the red menace on the board at the south end of the Armory, he said. One by one, the red cards would be placed over section numbers to signify “section closed.”
Top registration fee as reported by the assessors was $181. This came* from an out-of-state engineer, who had $16 in probation fee, $35 in repetition fees, and a five dollar chemistry lab deposit. We hope he makes the grades this semester and gets his money’s worth. At any rate, his determination is commendable.
By yiadimir We took a tour of the Union Wednesday night—and we were in good hands, too. Miss Euth Shelbourne, housekeeper of the building, relaxed long enough last night to show us around the new building. Starting out for free cokes in the Grill, we were waylayed by two Union workers looking for something to do and Miss Shelbourne led us into the Women’s powder room on the first floor.
Purdue Exponent
rkpresbntbd for National AovBRTifiiNO by
National Advertising Service, bic.
College Publishers Representalive
NEW York, N. Y.
420 Madison Avb.
CHicxeo • Boston • Los Arsblee ■ Sa* Francisco
ESntered ss Nceond dsw matter at the port *rfBoa to Lafayette. Indiana, under the aet o< Consresa sA Mania 8, 1870, and at the apeolal rate rt poetoKe provided for m section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, autiborised January W. 1922. Published daily except Monday dnriny the regular academic year and weekly daring the Summer Sessiom Delivered locally by carrier for $8.09 per year, mafl aubBCription 18.60. .
Scheduling difficulties and time required for registration were the most popular conversation matter for the day, as students alternately told each other of their good or bad luck. “It took me from 9:30 until 2:30 to register, with time out for dinner,” said one student, “Terrible. It only took me from 9 to 10 o’clock even,” said another.
Again students questioned instructors concerning who ;(vould teach what sections, and again some of these students were not answered. A point not brought out in a recent editorial on this subject is that keeping instructors’ names quiet tends to allow sections to fill up more evenly than they otherwise might. This is desirable, but we still believe that open naming of instructors would further the interests of Good Teaching, and that the student-purchaser of education should have the goods fully exhibited in the academic showcase.
A point outlined in EXPONENT’S Good Teaching campaign last year was the preparation of page-long descriptions of courses, with comprehensive outlines of the work covered in class. If these descriptions were available at
Speech 14 took the prize for having niost sections closed when the last lid dropped down oh the class-card boxes yesterday. Thirty sections were listed in the schedule of classes, but only two sections remained open at the end of registration.
We Didn’t Know From there we journeyed to the women’s powder room on the second floor, and as far as we can see the only difference is in elevation. But Ruth (we were getting more familiar now) claimed that the furniture was of something in the first floor powder room lounge while that of the second floor room was something else. We were particularly impressed by the short chairs in these rooms, and thought it careless of the architect to build the mirrors in too low. But we were later told by a pretty girl who wandered into the Exponent office on the arm of one of our dancing reporters that they were built this way so that other people could primp over the heads of the people who are doing their beautifying seated. From the upper powder room we watidered aimlessly behind Ruth to the new alumni offices where we were impressed by a beautiful chair and two secretaries. The chair was oak, we think, but we won’t try to describe it to you. But if you ever get in the vicinity of this office, just sit in the chair for a moment—^it’s the most southernly one. And don’t leave these offices without noting that the alumni have their own private bathroom.
while gazing armmd at the myriad of silken knees and painted faces. At a table in the wierdly illuminated grill we had our free cokes—^in here, by the way, the favorite color of coke is lemon. Everyone in the party drank in silent rapture as he watched the waitresses. The bowling alleys were crowded and the loudspeaker system was paging a certain “Whaaehunch-ch, wha-aehunch-ch” so we left in a hurry. By the time we arrived in the cafeteria there were enough dirty dishes to keep the staff busy come next exams. In all, one hundred bricks of chocolate and strawberry mint ice cream were distributed. Suites Are Sweet
Decorations In New Lounge Next slight pause in our trip was in the new main lounge where we stood a minute in silent reverence
Leaving the cafeteria to its own devices, we went with Ruth to the residence wing to see the much-talked of suites. The suites were o. k. but we preferred to shuffle up and down the halls and build up a potential to discharge on the nose of the nearest friend. (Electrical engijieers claim that these rtfg potentials reach voltages of two to three thousand volts....) Just as we drew a quarter inch spark from the ear of Miss Shelbourne, (we are not quite so familiar now) someone remarked that T. Dorsey was already warming up on the platform. This seemingly unimportant remark sent us into gales of tears and we raced back to the Exponent office to hide in a corner and bury our nose in a handkerchief . . . We didn’t have a date. „
£jttuUL £diiaL.
Square Garden will be described tonight over WENR at 9 p. m. by Bill Stern and Sam Taub.
that’s almost as good, she’s here.
Anyway,
By Hank Miller
After an enjoyable three days in Chicago, we’re back on the ball just over-flowing with information. NBC has apparently given up the idea of reviving Lights Out again. The program went off the air for the summer and the main reason that it won’t be back is that it never could be sold . . . Also, we found out why the term Radio Recording has put in its appearance on many NBC stations. It seems that these are recordings made by NBC, and that is the trade name.
Forty-four years will be bridged musically tonight in the Cavalcade of Hits on WMAQ at 8:30. The first will be an 1896 winner “There’ll Be a Hot Time in the Old Town Tonight,” and the last will be a 1940 creation, “Way Back in 1939 A. D.”
Oh, for the life of a big time radio announcer. We met Durward Kirby up in the Merchandise Mart at 4:30 Saturday afternoon. He said, “Hi come on and have break-
Here is some information that recently came to our attention about Wee Bonnie Baker, quote— Orrin Tucker is the gent who went across the ocean and brought back our Bonnie to' us, except that there wasn’t any ocean. He did take her across the Mississippi, and
Orrin heard Bonnie Baker singing at the Hotel Claridge in St. Louis. He liked the way she sang (clever fellow), and talked^her into joining his band, out on the coast (cleverer). That was four years ago. “Oh Johnny” was written 23 years ago; Bonnie was born 21 years ago. Maybe numerologists could have told us what was going to happen this fall. Anyway, we all know now.
A new semester, a new addition to the Union, and a fresh start in school to make up for those flunking grades we received in “snap” courses . . . the most important thing is still the Union.
—B & B-
said that the same person gave them the corsage. , It’s bad enough for the Kappas to let the Thetas win the beauty contest, but they think it is adding insult to injury when Peg Davis has to use the Kappa house to have her picture taken for a newspaper. . . . meow! It's your turn now. Thetas. —B & B— “There Are No Delta Gams at Purdue” is really going to lose it’s significance ... we have heard through the “grape fruit” line that the D G Colony is going to pledge every noted person in town . . . bet the B & B doesn’t get a bid.
After exams are o’er, And you’re lying at home on the floor ’ Does your solitude bring Happy thoughts of spring When you’ll soon be taking some more? —Dick Alvin. --B & B— Dear Editor,
Bonnie, who needs no description at this late date, doesn’t hold the mike when she sings. This leaves her hands free. Her only steady boy friend is a fox terrier. This leaves her heart free. Well, what are we waiting for ?
One would almost think that it was Junior Prom when the Union holds open house . . . anyway ALL those smooth queens with the white flowers were not imports . . . this guy called UNION is really in the dough because they (the gals) all
George Greey, Lambda Chi Alpha, got back his pin that he put on Mary Jane Dietrich a short time ago. George is really in a sad state of mind, which is proven by the fact that he took a job here at Purdue for the new semester, to be around just in case she changes her mind.
WELCOME TO TOM’S Save Your Money When You Eat At Tom’s Across From Armory
fast with me.” Incidentally, we asked him if he does Uncle John Kirby himself on the Walgreen Ten O’clock Final, and he sort of hung his head and said yes . . . He also told us that Confucius was running wild around NBC and that the announcers had several tjqied sheets of his “sayings.”
The recording made by Tommy Dorsey Wednesday will be played on WBAA’s Luncheon Dance Time, Monday at 12:30. The recordings to be made tonight will be broadcast later in the week. Sunday’s Exponent will give the exact dates.
Here are a few notes on program changes in the future. March 7, Good News of 1940 will be streamlined tp half an hour with Mary Martin, and Dick Powell joining Fannie “Baby Snooks” Brice, Hanley Stafford, and Meredith Willson’s orchestra . . . Filling the half hour left by Good News, will be a new show under the guiding hand of Rudy Vallee in tehalf of Sealtest, Inc. April 6, Old Gold will debut a new show starring Don Ameche, former emcee of the Chase and Sanborn Hour.
Tonight at 10:30, the first of a series of bi-weekly programs directed to the Byrd Antarctic Expedition will take the air. The programs are to be sponsored by prominent newspapers throughout the coxmtry and tonight’s will be announced by Graham McNamee. Music will be supplied by an NBC orchestra, Dinah Shore, and Harry Levine’s Gentlemen from Dixie. NBC commentator Baukhage will summarize foreign news for the Antarctic party. —e-e—
Whdt you want in a smoke you GET in CHESTERFIELD’S RIGHT COMBINATION of the world’s best cigarette tobaccos
Melio Bettina and Fred Apostoli’s light heavyweight battle in Madison
These tobaccos, and the Chesterfield way of blending them, is why Chesterfields SMOKE COOLER...TASTE BETTER ...and are definitely murder than other cigarettes. For more pleasure, make your next pack Chesterfield.
Copyright 1940, Iiggbtt Sc Myers Toracco C*.
mmrnmm
mam