the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-IlINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, October 15, 1937
NUMBER 28
Ag Scholarship Winners Are Guests At Banquet Sears Roebuck Makes Student Awards Totalling $3750; Deans Skinner, Freeman Speak At Winners' Banquet Twelity-one agriculture students* winners of Sears Roebuck Scholarships worth $160 each per year* were the guests of their benefactor last night at a banquet held for the winners at Wheeler^s Restaurant. Sears Roebuck makes these awards in recognition of outstanding achievement in scholarship, 4-H work, and general merit. Awards totaling $3,750 annually are made available to Purdue agriculture students through this fund, which is aiding students in agriculture at
17 of the Land Grant Colleges in the United States. Skinner, Freeman Speak Dean J. H. Skinner and Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman of the University school of agriculture spoke at the banquet, as did A. E. Gei'mer, who represented the donors. Germer also announced an additional scholarship of $200 to be given to the most outstanding individual from this select group, the award to be made when the winner enrolls in his sophomore year. A banquet, similar to last night’s,, was held last spring for 22 students, of whom 20 are again enrolled in the University. B. A. Sanche, manager of the local Sears Roebuck store, arranged the banquet. Clare Johnson represented the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce at the dinner. List Winners The 21 winners, who were introduced at the banquet are; G. S. Abshier, Rockport; T. H. Blosser, Nappanee; H. L. Boll, Columbus; B. B. Bowman, Martinsville; G. R. Doty, Petersburg; E. E. Gruber, Delphi; P. E. Hamilton, Williamsport; W. 0. Harmon, Brookston; J. W. Henderson, Dillsboro; S. Hurst, Manila; C. 0. Jackson, Marysville. P. E. Jackson, Carlisle; J. A. Marvel, Elkhart; K. Painter, Springport; E. E. Partridge, Rochester; D. Reid, Scottsburg; H. E. Scholl, Connersville; J. Slonaker, Cambridge City; E. H. Stuckey, Washington; -A. 0. Wells, Commiskey; and J. 0. Yoder, Goshen. Professor MiSler Tests Wall Insulations In Lab Testing insulated wall sections for heat transfer is the latest effort of Professor W. T. Miller at the Mechanical Engineering laboratory. A completely insulated wall keeps a room at an even temperature of 70 degrees, while outside the temperature is varied from 50 degrees to as low as 38 below zero. Meanwhile delicate machines observe the heat transfer, and the moisture content in the walls. These delicate devices can measure to within one hundredth of one degree.
Big Ten Co-eds Will Attend Conference On Women's Work Representatives of all the Big Ten schools will attend the Women’s Work and Opportunities Conference here October 20 and 21. Authorities in their different occupations will discuss opportunities open for women in business and educational fields. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth and Dr. Kathryn McHale, staff members, will welcome guests and speakers at the social meeting October 20 at 7:30 p.m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, Speakers have been invited to the conference by the WSGA vocational guidance committee, headed by Dorothy Martenet, who is working through the office of the Dean of Women. Sixteen talks by the guest speakers are scheduled for the two days. A dinner October 21, at 6:00 o’clock, in the Union ballroom will conclude the conference. Music Room To Feature Dr., Mrs. G. H. Graves Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Graves will present a duo piano concert in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building as a feature of the fourth Sunday afternoon concert. Both Dr. and Mrs. Graves studied under Margaret Cerbe, New York piano teacher. Mrs. Graves also studied with W. F. B. Matthews, celebrated Chicago pianist, and studied organ with Henry Hursley, Denver, Colo., composer. Dr. Graves has studied with Lora Gaston, famous piano player and teaefier. The couple have appeared several times for similar concerts in the Music Room, and for the University Club. A program, including names of their selections will be printed in Sunday morning’s Exponent.
Mortar Boards Set Campus Style For Senior Co-ed Dress By the Roving Reporter Light yellow cord skirt, black barrel vest sweater with a yellow, pepper shaped applique, and soft biege hiplength jacket are what the activi-ties-blessed senior women are wearing these days. The beige jackets at present are minus their little diamond black felt emblem designating Mortar Board, but co-eds are strutting in them anyway. The women thus attired are labeled thoroughly. Even the most bepotted young man, looking from under his green headgear, can see by the cord skirt that the girl is a senior, by the black sweater a Gold Pepper, athletic boosting honorary, and by the jacket, a Mortar Board, scholastic activities honorary. University Military Band Leaves For Northwestern Tomorrow, Drum Not To Go By Don Paarlberg The Purdue military band, 142 strong, resplendent in new boots and breast cords, led by Drum Major C. M. Jorgeson and his two baton twirlers, will salute Northwestern football fans with the full repertoire of fancy Boilermaker band formations tomorrow afternoon as the grid squad meets the Wildcats in Dyche Stadium. Between halves, the jband will march and play in mass formation, breaking to form the trio of rotating
BULLETIN ! At a late hour last night the Exponent received the following information about taking the big drum to the Northwestern game from Bill Smith, publicity director of the band: “Every effort is being made to get the drum in readiness to take to Northwestern. I am practically certain that it will go.” Smith also stated that because it is a practice to use the drum only in Big Ten games it was not used last Saturday.
wheels from which “PURDUE” will be spelled out. Again closing ranks, the band will form a huge rotating “P.” A huge “NW”, formed within a football, will play “Go, You Northwestern” to the Wildcat stands, and then shift to form a “P” as the band recognizes the 4,000 Purdue fans who are expected to follow the football team. The band leaves tomorrow morning at 7 o’clock from the Monon depot on a special train with three coaches and a club car. The boys will return at midnight Saturday. A lunch and a dinner at one of the big down-town hotels will round out the busy day.
Senior Co-ed Cord Dance Postponed Until October 23 Due to the lai’ge number of senior women who have planned to attend the Northwestern game Saturday, the senior co-ed cotd dance has been postponed until October 23. All senior women are to wear their cord skirts and they and their escorts will be admitted free to the dance. This is the first year senior women have had a cord dance, being carried through on the same principle" as the ed’s cord dance. L. M. Vallely, manager of the Purdue Union, suggested the cord dance for senior women at the regular mixer. Chicago Alumni To Moot Twice Today As a preliminary warm-up to the Purdue-Northwestern football game tomorrow. University alumni in Chicago and vicinij;y will take part in two meetings in Chicago today. A joint dinner meeting of Purdue and Northwestern alumni will be held today noon at the Bismark Hotel where Coaches Mai Elward and Lynn Waldorf will be the principal speakers. Tonight the annual Purdue stag dinner will be held at the Union League club. John Wheeler, Purdue ’15, will be toastmaster, and talks will be made by coaches and other University representatives. Graiyate Holds Classes Under Cooperative Plan Dr. Jesse E. Hobson, E. E. ’32, M. S. E. E. ’33, is now employed in the Central Station Engineering Department of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company at Pittsburgh. In addition to engiileering work in the field of power transmission and distribution. Dr. Hobson teaches two classes each week in “Symmetrical Components”, under the University of Pittsburgh -Westinghouse cooperative plan. After obtaining his bachelor and master’s degree from Purdue, Hobson studied at the California Institute of Technology and obtained his doctor of engineering degree from that institution in 1935. Tlhe following year he was acting head of the department of mathematics at Earlham College. The first semester of 1936-37 Hobson taught in the department of electrical engineering at Armour Institute, after which he took his present position with the Westinghouse Company.
The huge drum, once famous as the biggest in the Big Ten, now mounted on a truck, will not make the trip. It would be impossible to execute the intricate formations planned with the drum in the ranks.
WSGA Names Frosh Executive Councilors Doris Gamble, Peggy Terstegge Chosen For Positions; Mass Meetings Renamd 'Co-edisiature' In Contest “Co-edislature” elected Doris Gamble and Peggy Terstegge as freshmen representatives to the WSGA Executive Council at the newly named mass meeting yesterday in the Women’s Lounge. Bernadette Dyggert won the Gold Diggers’ ducat with her suggestion for naming future WSGA all co-ed meetings.
Betty Ann Stewart, organization
Veterinarians Hold 4-Day Conference On Livestock Here Veterinarians from all over Indiana will meet at Purdue Tuesday for a four-day conference on livestock diseases and problems related to animal diseases, according to information released by the University. . Management of the farm flock and prevention of poultry diseases will be discussed Tuesday afternoon by Prof. C. W. Carrick, head of the poultry department, L. P. Doyle of the veterinary department, and several out-of-town speakers. Wednesday’s program will have to do with diseases of hogs and the prevention of excessive losses of young pigs. Dr. J. F. Bullard and Dr. E. E. VanLone of the University will tajk on Thursday, as will Dr. J. L. Axby state veterinarian. A dinner will be held in the Union Building Thursday evening. '' Friday morning and afternoon will be given over to clinics on both large and small animals. 500 Seats Available For ^Varsity Show^ Five hundred seats will be available for tonight’s presentation of the Union Varsity Show, formerly Union Variety Hours, Vice President Tom Garland said last night. Lasting from 7:15 to 8:15 o’clock in the Union ballroom, the program will include Various auditions by University student talent. Tonight’s peifformers include Pat Clinton’s orchestra, Mary Ed Johnston, Russ Mock, Jerry Ciral, Marge Starrett, Woodrow Grume, Leonard Raftree, and Dorothy Mar-
tin.
Pi Sigma Kappa Phi Sigma Kappa announces the additional pledging of C. S. Clark, freshman engineer, of Poughkeepsid, N. Y.
president, presided over the meeting and introduced Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, faculty sponsor of WSGA, to the 200 girls attending. Dr. Stratton, in her talk on co-ed positions said, “Dictatorships are becoming more and more prevalent; democraciesp^ess and less prevalent. Purdue believes in democracies; you co-eds are self governing.” Gold Diggers’ Goat Skit A skit of what might happen to a lad at Gold Diggers’, and also to his date, written by Catherine Ann Cromer, was enacted by Harriet Billings, Manetta Ohman, and Dick Burks. Betty Jo Sexton outlined the plans for the co-ed bid affair. Miss Ruth Houghton, head of the women’s placement bureau, discussed the second conference on women’s work and opportunity scheduled for next week. Conference A Privilege “You girls are privileged. You are in a position to choose the vocation you Avish to enter when you leave college. If you are undecided as to your choice of vocation, we have the beginning of a good vocational library in our office in the Executive Building which you may use at any time.” , Concluding her talk with praise of speakers who will be at the conference, Miss Houghton stated, “Many brilliant minds will be here next week, and Purdue womeh should avail themselves of the opportunity to hear and meet them.” Browsing Room Attendants To Play Musk Room Records Students desiring to hear recordings on the music room phonograph or to read books on music appreciation will no longer have to check them out at the Union desk. The albums of records and the library were moved up to the music room yesterday where they will be available to all students and faculty members. Students are no longer permitted to operate the machine. Browsing room attendants will play any recordings for music room visitors upon request. '
Picture Sittings For Debris Seniors Will Begin Monday
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlton Studios, Indianapolis, will begin taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, at 8 a. m. Monday. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card telling the exact time of his sitting through the mail. Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a more convenient time. As an added accommodation to seniors, 50 prints of each picture on regular Debris paper will be available at cost price of 25 cents. These pictures will be the same size as those in the book. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular’ Debris picture and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
MONDAY MORNING 8 :00 Amslee, Grace 8:05 Ambler, F. 8:10 Atkinson, P. E. 8:16 Bailey, W. F. i 8 :20' Bain, Louise 8 :25 Bannivart, Bessie 8 :30 Beko, Helen 8:3S Beck, R. J. 8:40 Behrens, W. J. 8:4B Belding, R. V. 8:60 Bexler, Emmt^ 8 :65 Brown, Jean 9:00 Blume, R. C. 9:06 Bordone, F. Jr. 9:10 Best, Mrs. Doris 9:16 Clawson, Anna 9 :20 Clevinger, Marcia
9:26 9:30 9 :36 9:40 9 :4B 9 ;50 9 :B6 10:00 10:06 10:10 10:16 10:20 10 :26 «10:30 10:35 10:40 10i46 10:60
Cromer, Catherine Bluemel, E. Bonwell, R. P. Buth, W. H. Caldivell, K. T. Clark, R. B. Cobbs, G. V. Adsit, F. W. Antueshko, V. W. Ball. R. S. Bearse, L. R. Bell. J. F. Andei-son, Jane Best Eita Bieger, Ruth Bryant, Dorothy ^ Campbell, Mabel Cassell, Martha
10 :5B Delaplane, Ellyn 11:00 Ayer, E. D. 11:06 Barron, M. D. 11:10 Bassett, C. E'. 11:16 Bigelon, C. G. 11:20 Boecker, Marybelle 11:26 Bruver, Daisy U:30 Blair, E. A. 11:35 Bowen, H. S. 11:40 Bowen, M. M. 11 ;45 Bribling, T. H. 11 :50 McFadden, B. R. MONDAY AFTERNOON 12:60 Abercrombie, G. R. 12:66 Andres, J. P. 1 :00 Beck, W. G. 1 :06 Bell. D. R. 1 :10 Amsden, Margaret 1:16 Boord, Kathryn 1 :20 Bosco, Jennie 1:25 Bruver, Merle 1.30 Kirkpatrick, Chas. 1:86 Davis, Mary 1:40 Blickenstaff. E. F. 1 :46 Bliss, C. H. 1:60 Brasington, R. C. 1:56 Brock, J. E. 2:00 Brown. G. W, 2 :05 Althere, G. H. 2:10 Billing, W. B. 2:16 Basinger, Virran 2 :20 Binget, Alma 2:26 Burger, R. A. 2 :30 Burgess-Dye, J. A. 2:36 Burkholder, C. M. 2:40 Byrd. R. W. 2:46 Camp, S. J. 2:60 Von Catron, C. 2:66 Carnes, W. W. 3:00 Chinn, R. H. 3:06 Comee, L. M.
3:10 3:16 3:20 3:26 ^:30 3:36 3:40 3:46 3:50 3:56 4 :00 4 :06 4:10 4 :16 4:20 4:26 4 :30 4:35 4 :40 4:46 4 :60 4 :66 5:00
8 :00 8:05 8:10 8:16 8:20 8:26 8:30 8:36 8:40 8:46 8:50 8:65 9:00 9:05 9:10 9:16 9:20
Brown G. L. Bruner, P. G. Clipp, F. P. I Coffee. R. J. Cohen, S. R. Cooper, L. E. Craig, R. J. Crass, G. D. Captain, R. N. Denny, Helen Diehl, Katherine Carr, Ruthjeanne Goan, Dorothy Dicker, L W. Arnold, H. W. Bevel sdorf, R. C. Brodsky, L. Blown, D. R. Dungan, H. R. Dunnington, E. T. Bonglas, G. F. Egle. P. H. James Von Harz TUESDAY MORNING Abbott, R. B Aldrich, S, J. Allee, W. A. Anderson, H. W Anderson, H. H. Barrett, M. L. Bauer, P. C. Belsley, S. E Blank, O. J, Bowman, J. D. Bryant, G. R. Buchanan, J. D. Azbell, J. F. Alter, A. J. Baals, D. D. . Barth, H. J. Berry, W. H.
9:25 Bateman, J. R. 9:30 Birge, R. D. 9:36 Brown, S. H. 9:40 Buschmann, O. O. 9 ;46 Carson, D. H. 9:60 Criss, E. E. 9 :68 Danciu, C. 10:00 Alexander, E, C. 10:05 Brink, T. R. 10:10 Campbell, C. W. 10:15 Clevenger, W. W. 10:20 Clinton, R. W. 10:25 Colby, A. C. 10:30 Campbell. J, R 10:35 Cork, B. C. 10 :40 Craig, W. H. 10:48 Cully, J. P. 10 :50 Cummins, E. S. 10:55 Decker, P, H. 11:00 Berdis, B. E. 11:06 Best, R. D. 11:10 Brower, P. L, 11:15 Brown, E. R, 11:20 Brown, J. R. 11:26 Brandt. F. C. 11:30 Brunsdon, D. V. 11:36 Cassidy, J. L. 11:40 Coats, C. W. 11:46 Coers, F. L. 11:60 Gillilan, W.J. TUESDAY AFTERNOON 12:50 Cox. E. N. 12 :65 Dailey, L. E. 1:00 Davib, R. B. 1:05 DeRamond. T. P. 1:10 Dibble. J. C. 1:15 Diener, J. H, 1:20 Dow, R. B. 1:28 Dudding, C. W. 1:30 Dobson, Lucille 1:86 Doyle, Frances
1:40 Dray, Hildred 1:46 Fricke, Neva 1:60 Frick, Rosemary 1:66 Friend, Josephine 2:00 George, l^ry Jane 2:06 Dicks, Margaret 2:10 Fantone, Margaret . 2:16 Green, Dora Mae 2:20 Eckert, H. F. 2:26 Ellmaker, J. B. 2:30 Eichorn, R. L. 2:35 Emrick, P. S. 2:40 Engleton. J. R. 2:45 Evans, J. S. 2:50 Evans, J. A, 2 :65 Everest, G. 3 :00 Farback, J. E. 3:05 Douglas, Vera 3 :10 Eldridge, Marjory 3:16 Hess, Mary Louise 3 :20 Hiet, Phyllis 8 :25 Kaufman, Jean 3 :30 Moore, Fern 3 :36 Morehouse, Dorothy 3 :40 Morehouse. Kathryn 3 :45 Morris, Harriet 3 :50 Murphy, Lillian 3 :55 O’Bannon, Fay 4 :00 Painter. Betty 4:05 Diggins, E. R. 4 :10 Huffman, M, 4:16 Hufford, C. B. 4:20 Hall, W. D. 4:26 Helstrom, H, A. 4 :S0, Henry, R. L. 4:36 Herman, S. W. 4 :40 Hess. J. C. 4:45 Jackson, K. D. 4:50 Jackson. R. R. 4:66 Jenkins, B. 6:00 Stolz, Jean
v^1
Wf- !
i«4)iwf!V^fl'H’t;ff*(t.-j?ffrlT"f»rv!*^ WA-!m li •J?(wyKw^
I /
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Pridoy/ October 15> 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
v&Hnt:itr4(9 BY
MEMBfeR ^sedatrct gbllegtatp ^r»gs
REPRESENTED FOR Ns ^ s
National AdvertisingService, Inc.
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave New York N. Y CHICAGO - BOSTOM - LOS ANSELE8 - S*H FRAHClSCO
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street L,afayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF . . .
. R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Hardin October 14, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Paarlberg
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1 Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3 Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Union Acts Quickly And For Good Of Students When the Purdue Memorial Union decides to act, it wastes no time. And the Union always acts in such a manner as to be of most service to University students. Yesterday morning an Exponent editorial suggested that moving music recordings and
books from the east Union desk to the music room would make the use of that room and its electric phonograph more convenient to lovers of music. Last night the albums of records and/ the library of books on music appreciation had been placed in the room. At one time last night some 30 or 40 students were gathered there. We feel certain that the music room will gain in popularity this year through the excellent management of the Student Union. It has possibilities of becoming to appreciaters of music what the browsing room is to book lovers. The recordings and books on music are contained in an open cabinet. We hope the University students will cooperate with the Cnion by handling these books and records carefully ^nd by all means leaving them in the music room.
Take The Big Drum To Northwestern Editor’s Note: Letter after letter poured into our office yesterday requesting that the big Purdue drum be taken to Northwestern for an appearance at tomorrow’s football game between the Boilermakers and the Wildcats. We could not have published all the letters without issuing four extra pages with today’s Exponent, so we decided merely to print the writers’ names. They all would like to see the Purdue drum at tomorrow’s game and at all other games attended by the military band.
Don W. Bowden R. W. Rohrbaugh A. G. Bale Charles L. Mau William B. Weiss K. N. Rider J. S. Leonard J. W. Myers John I. Dean R. S. Marshall J. K. Davis George W. Allen Edwin L. Molzahn Luther A. Pidgeon Dick Seale Jack Green Jim Lowe R. D. Lamar J. W. Feighner
W. G. Reisner H. S. Nolting M. Erichsru - Harry P. Schultz R. R. Printy Tom B. Miller J. M. Kountzman Dick Wellbrock R. G. DeLong H. F. Tayson J. A. Kirlin J. A. Reitzel Da C. Walsh W. C. Mossberg Joe Gardner Bill Keenan Dan Fisher John A. Walkey
R. B. DeMars Roderic D. Taylor Newell C. Gaddis Stu Williams W. W. Baughman Curtis J. Sommer Fred Mendez David Yeoman C. Farrell Ruppert Cameron Micheli Fred J. Daoust Joe Hays Edward Chester David C. Sloan W. R. Rhodes Donald C. Rhodes H. F. Ohney Robert H. McGhee Thos. B. Petry
Editor’s Note: Just before going to press last night we received a report from Band Publicity Director W. H. Smith that the big drum will be taken to Evanston and displayed on the Dyche Stadium gridiron tomorrow. Your prayers have been answered, boys.
By Mary Cooley Talk about rackets! The biggest and best means of raising house funds is the Syracuse University co-eds’ technique of charging the college boy escorts fees for goodnight kisses. McCarthy cottage girls enforce a rule that escorts must drop a coin in a silver bowl for every goodnight kiss. The whole thing is on a cash basis, and they even have special week-end rates. We’re beginning to believe what they tell us about education being more expensive in the East. 4e })c })( A conference of prominent educators at Evansville college brought out opinion that smaller colleges have the advantage over larger ones in that they may develop an all-around personality, and this
should be their aim. 4: ^ Frequent attacks on the value of a college education made Mary Bird, 23-year-old Smith College graduate, resolve to prove for herself whether they were true or false. She gathered up all her reference books immediately after commencement and set up shop in New York City. Her business, “Answers,” (technically professional dispensation of information) provides her with comfortable living. Answering America’s most difficult questions is her job. No research problem is too difficult and no questions have gone unanswered. Miss Bird started with an A. B. degree; she now has a staff of four assistants. Her clients include publishers, authors, brokers, corporations, trade unions. She wrote a complete history of the language of flowers for a perfumer. When one woman requested all there was to know about shaving, Miss Bird discovered 75 different ways.
Your glasses break—bring in the pieces. Speedy and accurate replacement service. Bausch & Lomb Lensometer used, and prescription is not necessary. Dr. A. Enz, Jr.
OPTOMETRIST
607 Main SL
Phone 2605
University Calendar
TODAY Farm Management Students and staff: Picnic at Skinner’s Grove at 4 p. m. Motion Picture Film: Under auspices practical mechanics department in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7 p. m. Bible Class Meeting: Room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m.
TODAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
GENE AUTRY in “Git Along Little Bogies” —and— FRANKIE pARRO in “TOUGH TO HANDLE”
Victor Release
• 25682 EVERYBODY LOVES MY BABY I JUST COULDN’T TAKE IT, BABY Lionel Hampton • 25663 WHO KNOWS IN THE STILL OF THE NIGHT Tommy Dorsey • 25683 BOB WHITE MINNIE THE MOOCHER’S WEDDIN’ DAY Benny Goodman
> 25671 I’M ALWAYS IN THE MOOD FOR YOU SHE’S TALkf, SHE’S TAN, SHE’S TERRIFIC “Fats” Waller > 25654 CAN I FORGET YOU? AFRAID TO DREAM Jean Sablon
McLean Music
Co.
MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
Cary Hall Casanova Dan Rice has been campusbing with WRH’er Joan Le Bouef. Giving up the Baltimore heart-throb for a French accent, Don ? Sing a Song of Sixpence, And sing it till you die. But this I’ll bet, you’ll never get, A Pocketfull of Rye. —stolen. WANTED— Twenty-eight campus beauties to escort the McGuff Tuffs to Gold Diggers. CALL— Stellar Hall 4916. Office hours, 4 p. m. to 6 p. m. N.B. Witches need not apply. Submitted by Committee on Internal Affairs: Anderson, Benner, Bushong, Marsh, Parker, Reverend North, and the Pride of Stellar Hall. 116 Marstellar street. West Lafayette, Indiana. (Still a Paid Ad.) More comments continue to pour in at the Union Desk, some pro, and some con. Dear Bold and Black: The column this year has been the best yet. If the Kappas’ letters of complaint were thrown out, along with those written by fellows who have had dates with Miss X, your column would have nothing but compliments. —’39. Our back needed that one. So far we have received letters
ARC
Today — Saturday
mwm %mm
Also—
Plus
‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY “Good Old Soak”
“They Wanted to Marry”
BUS SERVICE To and From South Bend Plymouth Michigan^City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansportr (a) via Traction Lines from Peru. 4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night. UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus Company
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘What’s that ? A hundred thousand life insurance ? I thought I was signing another treaty!”
condemning the column and some complimenting it. Now, how about some letters with suggestions, a few pomes, dirt, etc. ?
Today - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Steppin’ Higher Than Ever in Their Grandest Show!
with Edwayd EveteU Horton Eiio Blose • Jesomo Cowan • RoUi dalltan William Briibano * Hanriot Hootot —PLUS— The boy star of the year in this great American drama!
TOMORROW ONLY One Solid Hour of Dazzling Entertainment
Riotous Stage Revue - 30 People! Syncopators . . . Singers . . . Danders Magicians . . . Glorious Girls!
o
The
HOLLYWOOD INGENUES REVUE Featuring MARGO BERNAL
and her
HOLLYWOOD INGENUES ALL GIRL BAND A Band of Honeys — and a Honey of a Band O 9-—Variety Acts—9 O
-mm
■ T < f 1^,
Friday^ October 15.1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Elward Polishes Aerial Attack. Names N U Team
Following a final polishi:|ig off drill, in which particular at tention was paid to perfecting the aerial attack, Acting Coach Mai Elward last night namifed a squad of 35 players who will carry Purdue’s problematical hopes of stopping the rush of Northwestern’s versatile combipation toward a second sue cessive Big Ten Title.
Leaves This Morning The Boilermaker squad and coachstaff will head for Evanston this morning at 10 o’clock on a special train, going direct to Dyche Stadium for a final workout early in the afternoon before taking up headquarters at the Soverign Hotel. Still handicapped by injuries to the veteran pass catching ends, Jim Zachary and Don Powell, Elward announced that he would stick to the same combination that launched the Carnegie Tech battle. The forward wall will have Britt and Vergane at ends; Capt. Schreyer and Woltman at tackles; Grant and Bykowski, guards, and Humphrey, center. The probable backfield alignment will have either Ted Hennis or Cody Isbell at quarterback; Cecil Isbell and Brock at halfbacks, and Juska, fullback.
Librarians Plan Service To Public
Seven members of the Purdue staff are discussing new plans for the development of public library service today at the Indiana Library Association in Indianapolis.
The conference was opened Wednesday by the visiting English auth oress, Vera Brittain. Thursday, Edward C. Lindeman spoke on “The New York School of Social Work Effectively Aggressive.” Members of the library staff at' tending the conference are: Prof. W. M. Hepburn, L. W. Josselyn, Miss Rachel Schenck, Miss Esther Schlunt, Miss Margaret Sullivan, Miss Phoebe Demock, and Miss Blanche Miller.
lun£heim.>la o>LjMe. duutiBt: j/, %
€bld&.$iii®li£fl
Yoor Doctor will tell you
that most excess weight comes in middle age life because we stop participating in physical activities too abruptly.
Learn a good sport that you can use after leaving school which will exercise your whole body.
We have five new modern equipped Bowling Alleys — here you can learn and enjoy Bowling.
JtUL fiwvdusL Tyimuj^dcdL lAniofL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
West Side Cleaners Norf-hwestern at Vine Phone 4081
We didn’t do so bad in our last attempt at predicting . . . averaged a little better than 60 per cent . . . Here goes our try on Saturday’s games . . . Evansville at Butler, the home team 33-0 . . . Illinois at Indiana, the visitors 7-6 .. . Notre Dame at Carnegie Tech, Carnegie 18-7 . . Minnesota at Michigan, the Gophers 20-6 . . . Iowa at Wisconsin, Iowa 13-0 . . . Pittsbui’gh at Fordham, we’ll say 7-7 . . . Princeton at Chicago, an upset for Chicago 7-0 .. . we refuse to guess the score on the Northwestern-Pur due game, but it is our opinion that Purdue will be on top when the game ends. —fc— Don’t forget to be at the Monon station at 10 this morning to see the team off... the entire band is going to the game and is planning on leaving tomorrow morning ... we think it would be a good idea to take the Purdue drum with them, if ^they are not already planning to. —^fc— At Indiana’s Homecoming game tomorrow they will meet the Illini for the first time since 1932, and it will be the first time since 1910 that Illinois has played at Bloomington . .. Indiana gained 110 yards through the air against Minnesota, so the Homecoming grads are apt to see a wide open attack. —fc— The football squad went through a light practice last night to wind up their preparation for Northwestern . .. Most of the boys are in shape or near there ... Jim Zachary is ready to go, and it looks as if Don Powell will be the only one on the sick list.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
LaBree Issues Call For Swimming Squad; 65 Students Respond
With the first meeting and practice of the swimming squad being held last Tuesday in the Memorial Gymnasium pool, Purdue’s aquatic season is now actively underway. This meeting called out an unexpected and gratifying number of swimmers, as about 30 upper classmen and 35 freshmen answered Coach LaBree’s call for material. A3 the ti’aining schedule now stands, practice will be held twice a week by LaBree who is being assisted this year by Dr. Floyd Eastman, who will have charge of the yearlings. Dr. Eastman has worked with Kiputh of Yale, swimming coach of national renown, and is a strong ad herent to his method of physical development. He plans to put his proteges through this system and have them do gymnastic work to get them into form.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
FOR RENT—Well furnished single room. Block and a half from campus. Inquire 330 W. Lutz street. Phone 2430.
LOST—^Wallet containing passport of A. J. Helmle. Reward. Call 31912.
FOR SALE—Model A Ford road ster. Factory reconditioned motor. W. C. Mast, 305 Salisbury. Phone 2659.
and WIN 1,000 Philip Morris Cigarettes
LAST WEEK’S WINNERS GRAND PRIZEI, 000 PHILIP MORRIS Cigarettes J. R. Drever, Delta Tau Delta, West Lafayette. OTHER WINNERS
Graham Burke, Phi Kappa Tan, 516 Northwestern, West Lafayette. A. M. Bitzer, Phi Kappa Tan, 516 Northwestern, West Lafayette. D. H. Forqnhanson, 223 Harrison Street, West Lafayette. Clay A. Bemichon, 330 North Grant, West Lafayette. Jack Frazier, 156 North Grant, West Lafayette. C. W. Hamilton, Sifirma Alpha Epsilon, 152 Sheets Street, West Lafayette. R. G. Peterson, Phi Kappa Tan, 616 Northwestern, West Lafayette. Miss Virginia Tislow, Pi Beta Phi, West Lafayette. C. M. Hinrichs, Phi Kappa Tan, 616 Northwestern, West Lafayette.
This Week's PHILIP MORRIS Scorecast is ont PURDUE VS. NORTHWESTERN IOWA VS. WISCONSIN
Have you entered 7 Write your score, named and affiliation on back of a PHILIP MORRIS wrapper and deposit in Ballot Boxes at DEAC’S, SOUTHWORTH’S, BARTLETT’S, THE SWEET SHOP or at your fraternity or sorority house. Cont^t rules posted at all above places. Final group prizes to fraternity, sorority and independent group for most ballots during the entire contest on display at DEAC’S.
OS a MOUNTAIN TOP
Ever notice the sparkling freshness of the air on high elevations above the clouds? That's how marvelously clean and fresh your garments are when we return them after they have been through our superefficient modem cleaning process. Every trace of grime, dirt, soil and stain are gone—^yet the process is so gentle on the fabric it actually lengthens the life of the garment.
WB A A Programs
—TODAY— 11:00—Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, R. C. Shipman, Monroe McCown. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:45—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 1:00—Behind the Scenes of Merchandise, by Mary Wagner. 1:15—You and Your Health, “Fungus Diseases.” 1:30—Parents Forum. 1:45—Market and Weather ^ Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—Magic Carpet. 2:30—Melody Review. 3:00—Jefferson High School Glee Club. 3:30—Lafayette Little Theater Program. 4:00—Story Book Hour. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—American Family Robinson. 4:45—Twilight Musicale.
Greek Cross-Cottiifnf Men Compete Next Thursday In Inter-FratemHy Meet
By X. X. Lycorsor
"A word to the wise is sufficient,” Thus It is that a word now about the inter-fratemity cross country meet next Thursday, will probably fall upon some heeding ears and be worthwhile.
This is just a hint so that all aspiring Greeks can start in now and begin working out so that when the starting gun startles the baseball and touchball players on intramural field, the harriers will he able to dash off to a sprinting start for the two and one-half mile run and come breezing home bringing their house a silver trophy and gamering a medal for themselves.
Each house may enter four men, but only the first three to cross the finish line will score, and at least three must start to get 25 participation points for their fraternity.
First place will add five more points to the participation total, and second place swells the sum by three more.
DEWENTER'S
Carry a complete line of all ARROW clothing. 416 Main
SrVING IT!
Arrow Shorts can take it! Can you?
• Even under duress Arrow shorts will maintain their placid dignity without sawing, binding or creeping. They’ll wear well too, without shrinking, and dutifully serve you in a pinch. Arrow Shorts—seamless crotch —Sanforized Shrunk 65c. up. Undershirts 50c.
^RROW UNDERWEAR
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. )
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
POPCORN If you have not tried Dad’s Popcorn you’ve ipissed a treat. DAD’S PLACE —So Handy
Honey in the howl
The" Yello-Bole” treatment—real honey in the bowl
—gives this pipe a “wcUTbrokcn-in” taste ately, AND impregnates the briarwood thoroughly
as you smoke, so its wonderful flavor is preserved
permanantly Special attachment gives (I) auto-
matic free draft (2) double-action condensof.
*1
YELLO-BOLE
AlSO'*CA»»UREiaB'‘ “StCMMIEII'*. "iMmiMrI i
' I,
I
Girl Orchestra Will Appear On Local Stage Tomorrow Swing music played by Ray Fabing’s Hollywood Ingenue Revue, an all-girl orchestra led by Margo Bernal, will headline the Mars program tomorrow in a one-day stand that brings a stage show of music, comedy, and dancing to the Lafayette theater. Banjoes, harmonicas, accordions, and harps are played by the versatile girls, who double wdth three or four instruments each. Bill Baird, international deceptionist, w’ill delve into the mysteries of magic, and a song and dance team will be a feature of the program. Johnny Sanna, dancer and comedian, rounds out a program of fun, rhythm, and romance.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
M. T. 4 Condition Exam; An examination for removal of C grade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 1. Students desiring to take this exam should report ito me at the Armory office before noon, October 29. —HAYFORD.
M. &. 62 Condition Exfitoi: An examination for removing conditions in M. E. 62 will be given on December 14 at 4 p. m. in room 207. Students planning to take this exam please see me. —BINDER. 4-H Club: All 4-H leaders and members are invited to folk-game party at the Union ballroom October 16 at 8:30 p. m. Tickets should be purchased in advance. —McFADDEN.
M. T. 2 Condition Exam: An examination for the removal of G grade in M. T. 2 will be held in room 103, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 9. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Armory office before noon, November 6. —HAYFORD.
Camera Club: No new members will be admitted until new dark room is available. —SHOEMAKER.
Womens Bowling: Sign up for tournament in the Union office before October 19. —GROSSMAN.
PIA: All interested in enrolling in dancing class call at PIA office from 4 to 6:30 p. m. any day until October 16. —CLYMER.
Playsbop: All ticket money and season tickets held by salesmen must be turned in at theater office in Fowler Hall by p. m. October 16. _mILNE.
Scrivener: Please put all receipt stubs
TKMHmq (rji
"You Are Suffering from an inferiority complex superinduced by a sense of external insufficiency or vestment unsuitability." \ "Gbshl Docl What's the remedy?" 'A new Hart Schaffner & Marx suit from GEISLER'S
PURDUE BAND AND PUBLIC SPECIAL TRAIN TO CHICAGO AND RETURN ACCOUNT FOOTBALL GAME PURDUE VS. NORTHWESTERN
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 16 SCHEDULE—GOING Leave Lafayette 7:00 A. M. Arrive Hammond 9:05 A. M. Arrive Chicago 10:00 A. M. Ticket's also good on train No. 4 leaving Lafayette 4:00 A. M. Saturday SCHEDULE—RETURNING Leave Chicago 11:59 P. M. Leave Hammond 12:40 A. M. Arrive Lafayette 3.00 A. M. Tickets also good on all trains up to and including No. 3 leaving Chicago 9:20 P. M. Sunday $9.60 hS round TRIP FOLLOW YOUR TEAM TRAVEL BY TRAIN IN SAFETY AND COMFORT For further information call L. D. WOOD^Ticket Agent Phone 6701
Fraternity Bowling: October 16 is the deadline to enter teams in the fraternity bowling tournament. —MILLHOLLAND.
WAA: Cabin leadership course to be given October 16 from 2 :30 to 6 p. m. The
Co-ed Debate Managers: Important meeting of all sophomore cp-ed managers October 16 in Union debate office. —HINER. Cadet Officers’ Luncheon Committee: There will be a short meeting in the Cadet Officers’ Room, Armory, at 4 o’clock, October 16. All members are requested to be present. ■ - —BARRY.
Debris Sales Staff: Very important meeting October 16 in Debris office. —SIBBENTHAL.
Students Bible Class: Meeting will be held in room A of the Union Building Friday, October 16 at 7 :30. Reverend Ainslie will be in charge. —BURLRINK.
WAA Hike: Hike to Happy Hollow, October 16. Group will leave Womens’ Gym at 2 o’clock. Bring 10 cents for eats. —CAMPBELL.
NEWS! Belle-Sharmeer Gives You Over-The-Knee Stockings That FIT Meet your new short skirts more than halfway ... with our new Belle-Sharmeer Over-The-Knee Stockings! They’re so comfortable! And they really fit above and below your knees! No binding, slipping or wrinkling because they’re individually sized in width and length iot you. Ask for your regular Belle-Sharmeer leg size in these grand, self-gartered stockings. Brev for smalls, Modite for mediums. Duchess for tails. Here exclusively. THIEME & WANGERIN CO 622-624-626 Main Street
Union Bophomores: My committee meet in Union office October 16, at 4 o’clock.
—TAYLOB.
Union Sopljomores: Our committees report to the Union workshop, October 16, at
PIA Dance Orchestra: Meet October 16, in Union tower room at 7 o’clock.
—SHIMN.
* the Purdue Exponent S@rvice Directory
— Bookstores — SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701 — Hardware — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
dhih J'hjdsJt Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 — Beauty Studio — • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 — Furniture —- Student Equipment J’UhniiWdi Qo. 425 Columbia St, Phone 2728
HOT ROLLS
Pastries that bring a new tingle of appreciation to appetites — delicious, wholesome — just the thing to brighten your meals. Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
KNIGHTS ^ L *4
LONDON-KENTON SHIRTS To be well-tumed-out this season is to be smartly shirted in the new London-Kenton Shirts .. . now available in richly self-striped British Empire Tones. With each shirt ... a separate white starchless Van Heusen Collar in the newest British style . . . and a white starched con-ventionally-pointed collar. An outstanding example of British - inspired shirtwear I $2 each, including 2 collars. DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
224 Main St.
Values Are High Corduroy Trousers. .. $2.98 and Moleskin Trousers $3.98 With Slide Rule Pocket * Mackinaw Coats.. $7.95 In Latest Plaids Trench Coats $2.98 and Cord Coats $6.48
Reliable Clothing Co
224 Main St.