V
f (
’ !
onent
# , Direct Scrap Drive Tomorrow Umbda Chi Packard Will Join Junk Heap
established 1899
Volwm^ ^5/ No.'^8
TT
Purdue Uniyersify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Plqn Co^sdck 0Qrus V _ It ■■-.o'-k' 1 ;
llCf' kCUSSIQ
y.> / A , I \ < ' y %( *
"VMM ' ^'1 To Sing Of
Morgan Will Play Trombone Stylist Will Replace Ray Kinney For PI A Dance Tonight from 8:30 until 11:30 the music of Russ Morgan and his band will prevail in both ballrooms of the Union as the Purdue Independent Association opens its social season. Ray Kinney, who was formerly scheduled to plai^ for the event, will be unable to appear. His Hawaiian arrangements will be replaced by “music
By Willas Vermilion
Bi’inging a bit of old Russia to the University, the General Platoff Don Cossack Chorus, one of the world’s most famous singing groups, will perform in a convocation in the Music
Hall tomorrow night.
The reputation of the “the twenty-seven singing horsemen of the Steppes”, as they are often referred to, has preceded them wherever they have giv-
en performances. This fame is due mainly to the hard work of the brilliant director, M. Nicholas Kostrukoff, who is responsible for their remarkable phonograph recordings, sound films and their magnificent stage
successes.
Display Versatility Of Chorus Under Kestrukoff’s tutelage the group has built up an amazing repertoire of songs, including, old Cossack melodies, legends of folklore, battle songs and beautiful lullabies. The versatility of this choir is so great that they can produce the deli-
Officers To End Interviews On Enlisting Today Today will be the last day that students interested in signing up in one of the various enlisted reserve corps may hold an interview with any one of the ]ERC officials who spoke at the special Convo la.st Wednesday night. These officials were available all day yesterday in
cat7shrdero7 tmicThaTare" needed Union, and many students took
for a lullaby with as much case as they can obtain their realistic bat-
tle song effects.
In addition to their singing, the Platoff Choi us will give an exhibition of Cossack dancing. Featuied in the most populai of the dances is the knife dancei, who follows in the footsteps of the old Caucasian
(See COSSACKS, page 4) Student Senate
Supervises Bureau
For Student Tutors
With yellow slips looming in the near future, the Student Senate is again preparing to supervise a bureau for student tutors. For the past several years the Senate, cooperat-
ing with both students and faculty the Navy, will be in room 306; and
advantage of their presence to ask
questions.
No applications for enlistment are being taken at these interviews, since the sole purpose of these interviews is to clear up minor points that may be bothering students in regard to which branch of the service to enlist in and in regard to the status of persons who aie enlisted and wish to continue in college. All enlistments must be made through regular recruiting offices in Lafayette, Indianapolis or Chicago. Interviews will be given today from 8:30 to 11:45 a. m. and from 1:30 to 6:30 p. m. Lt. Col. Hoge, representing the Enlisted Reserve unassigned, will be in room 302; Lt. A. C. Dumont, of the Army Air Corps, will be in room 303; Lt. E. F. Ziegler,.from the Marine Reseiwe, will be in room 304; Lt. R. L. Nipper, representing the V-7 class of
University To Hold Commencement On December 20 Hockema Appoints Planning Committee At a lueeting held on October 6, the Executive Committee of the University approved the recommendation sponsored by the Senior Board of the Student Senate to hold Commencement exercises for the graduating seniors on December 20. Committee Appointed A committee consisting of the academic deans and the registrar was appointed by Professor Hockema to draw up a tentative plan for the exercises in such a way that all students who have a leasonable chance to graduate will be awarded a diploma on the day that the graduation program takes place. These diplomas will be awarded with the understanding that should the seniors receiving them fail to meet the requirements necessary for graduation the diploma must be returned until the work has been satisfactorily made up. Decorations Contest
For Hill
styled in the Morgan manner”. Morgan and his band are making their second appearance at the Union, having played at the Cary Club Spring Formal last April. His music is
Setting the pace for campus fraternities in the Exponent’s scrap'drive tomorrow, Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity has offered to donate what is probably the campus’ best known vehicle. Their huge, ancient convertible Packard will roll its
Friday, October 16, 1942 last weary mile at 4:30 p. m. tomorrow on its way to the scrap " "I heap across the levee. Its various parts, tires, motor, every-
theing included will go down in a blaze of glory with much noise and glaring signs accom-
panying it on its final trip. Following the Lambda Chi’s
tired monster will be ten of the University Military Department’s largest trucks loaded down with scrap. The scrap parade will proceed down State St,
and across the levee at 4:30.
Captains Meet Today
Fraternities and other campus organizations which have mobilized manpower for the drive will send their “Scrap Captains” to a meeting in Room 355 of the Union at 4:15 this afternoon. At this time Bill Hoskins, Exponent junior editor in charge of the drive, will outline
Russ Morgan
members, has served as a clearing house for tutoring on the campus. At present, members of the organization are compiling a list of all available tutors, and are issuing a call for undergraduate and graduate tutors, as well as those in need of tutoring. As in previous years, a uniform charge of 60 cents per hour has been set for tutoring, with price fixing discouraged. Any person interested in this type of service should report to the Senate Office on the second floor of the Union between'4 and 6:30 p. m. The callout, offering the tutoring oppoitunities, will last for two weeks
only.
Mahn Will Play For Slipstkk Slide Tomorrow In Union Nucleus of the engineering theme
Lt. Oren, representing the V-6 class of the Navy, or the Naval Air
Corps, will be in room 307.
Agriculturist Cover
Features Soybean Combine At Work
Featuring a new modern cover design and piinting, the second issue this I semester of the Rurdue Agriculturist, published by students in the school of agriculture, made
its appealance this week.
The cover design features a combine at work jn a soybean field to point out the fact that production of soybeans in Indiana has more than doubled during the past year in response to government requests. Featured among the ai’ticles is one by Floyd Bass which emphasizes the merits of the twentysecond annual Horticultural Show
Closes Today This year’s Military Ball, to be held Oct. 13, will feature defense stamps corsages instead of the usual floral offerings according to a statement made by A1 Jackson, chairman of the Military Ball committee. The general theme of the decoi-ations to be used has not yet been decided upon. Submit Working Plans Today is the last day for contestants to submit ideas for the Military Ball decorations contest. Ideas should include a woi'king plan for decorating the ballrooms of the Union in some appropiiate way. It should be borne in mind that about one hundred dollars will be allotted for decorations. Any member of the student body is eligible to participate and the winner will be awarded a free bid to the Ball. Designs and suggestions for the backdrops, band fionts, and other decorative artistry will be judged on appropriateness and feasibility. The entries should be handed in at the Exponent office some time today.
pi imaiily .sweet, the arrangements having been made by Morgan himself. He has been known in musical circles since he started his career at the age of fourteen, when he made arrangements for the well known American composers, John Phillip Sousa and Victor Herbert. At one time, Morgan played with the Goldkett orchestia, which at that time included Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey and other wellknown band leaders. Aside from his trombone, he also plays vibraphone, saxophone, guitar, celeste and marimba. Features Four Vocalists His featured vocalists are Phyllis Lynne, Paul Pandarvis, George Henry and Clarence Melter. Admission to the dance will be fiee for all PI A members and $1.10 for non-members. PIA memberships will be on sale from 4 to 6 this afternoon in front of the Sweet Shop, but will not be obtainable at the dance tonight. Passports must be shown in order to purchase a membership and must accompany the ticket at the dance. Lambda Chi Alpha . . . social fraternity, will hold an open house dance Saturday night. This “Hard Times” dance, as it is titled, will progress at the chapter house to music by Glenn Wright.
Speakers At AWS Conference To Tell How To Get, Hold Jobs
for the “Slipstick Slide” mixer to on Nov. 6, 7 and 8. The Ilort Show be held in the ballroom of the Union is a competitive exhibition for aptomorrow night will be a gigantic pies, vegetables and flowers plus slide rule. Mauiy Mahn and his or- judging contests and educational
chestra will again furnish the displays.
J. J. Davis of the department of
The .slide rule is not meant to entomology wiote another of the give an educational feeling to the feature articles whmh describes the
mixer, but rather to provide the ’
general atmosphere for an engi-
neer’s mixer.
An engineering theme will be used in honor of the Engineering College Magazine Association, which will hold its convention here today and tomorrow.
most effective methods of destroying the European corn borer, an in4ect peat which has caused ever increasing losses among Indiana crops in the past few years. Representing the dairy department is an article by John Trotter which discusses the
care of new born calves.
lilditor'H Note: This is the second in n series of four articles outlinini? some of the vocutiuns which will be discussed nt the Associated Women Students Vocational Contereiice by graduates of the University. One of the problems the country faces is what to do with the children of women war workers. The government is solving the problem by establishing nursery schools in industrial centers, and the cood with 1i aining in this field can play a vital part in freeing more womgn for work in factories. Pehple who are still interested in playing tag and drop the handkei chief and can invent good reasons why Johnnie would oat his spinach will be told at the AWS Vocational Conference to be held October 27 and 28 that the government needs them. Opportunities In Therapy . Girls who yearn to look like the
nurse on Uncle Sam’s posters and who are interested in the two therapies, occupational and physical, can find employment in Army and Navy hospitals, as well as in Civilian defense and “peacetime” positions. The coed whose forte is adult education cap continue her college career by finding a place in the extension service. The extension services leaeh the fai places of the state. The need for education today is far g'reater than the number of edu-
cators.
From Stockings To Pari^^chutes Students who are interested in sheerer stockings and fluffier sweaters should be glad to change their research in the field of textile chemistry to the hunt for drier raincoats and stronger parachute material,.
Tonight Purdue Engineer Opens Annual Convention Today National Magazine Group To Meet
Purdue Engineer, University scientific magazine. Will be host to a delegation of 15 members of the Engineering College Magazine Association at their twenty-second annual convention, to be held today and tomorrow. The convention will start at 8 this morning and will wind up with a mixer tomorrow eve-
ning.
On the Engineer staff, acting as hosts for the affair, are Joe T. Youngblood, the editor-in-chief; Richard P. Gei’ke, business manager; Richard L. Salzer, managing editor, and Lewis A. McDonald, associate editor. Registration Starts At 8 The program will start with registration in the Engineer office at 8 a. m., R. L. Taylor, chairman of the ECMA, will call the session together. After this the movie, “The Material Side of Printing,” will be shown, and will be followed by a discussion. In the afternoon business and editorial groups will separate for individual discussion Of their problems. General publishing problems will be discussed before the entire convention. Painter To Speak Following the banquet at 6:30, W. Painttv, advertising manager of. Power Plants Engineering, will speak on the subject, “Advertising is Like Editing.” At this time awards for tihe best features in various magazines of the ECMA will be made. Tomorrow morning the convention will open at 8 a. m. The program for the morning includes a general discussion of ECMA plans, a business meeting, election of new members and g constitutional vote. The final banquet will be held at I 6:45. F. G. Steinbach, former editor of the Exponent, will speak at the final banquet on “The Business Paper in the American Wa,r Effort.” The convention will wind up with a mixer held in honor of the dele-
gates.
Captain Ben Petty Announces Date For Road School Date of annual road school has been announced as January 25-27 by Captain Ben Petty, professor of highway engineering, who has been in charge of road school and highway instructional work for several years. The school has been cut from five days to three days, and will be devoted entirely to war-time problems of construction and mainten-
ance.
Among the problems to be discussed are construction and maintenance of public improvements without using critical materials, government regulations affecting these materials, and finance for construction considering reductions in gasoline taxes and license fees. To Discuss Traffic Problems Other subjects which will be considered are traffic problems arising from greater concentration of travel near war plants, and discussion of the Highway Survey Committee’s report to be made to the state legislature in January. Particular emphasis will be given to problems encountered by contractors and engineers due to war time shortages and demands.
Luccock
To Speak
Sunday
Talk To Launch Religious Series
Dr. H. E. Luccock, professor in
the Divinity School of Yale Univer-
sity and author of many religious s campaign, books, will speak at a convocation Early signs indicate that fraterto be held Sunday at 10:30 a. m. in nities plan to send an average of the Music Hall. His subject will be about fifteen men each to partici-
pate in the drive, and more than one has promised 35. It is expected that residence halls, co-op houses and other groups will also give of their time and energies for the causd. Any organization planning to enter a scrap team in the drive should select a “Scrap Captain” as soon as possible and send him to
the meeting this afternoon.
Officials Cooperate
Officials of the University are cooperating in the drive and are giving their time to locate deposits of scrap which can be cleaned out Sat-
urday.
J. H. Law, chairman of the Tippecanoe County Salvage Committee, lauded the University’s intention to cooperate in the war effort in this manner. He stated that there is still a crying need in war industries for scrap of all kinds.
Dr. Luccock
Debris Calls For
“Vertical World.”
inking in a Horizontal More Entrants In
Beauty Contest
Dr. L^^ccock^as been popular as a speaker on college\campuses for many years. This will be his first visit here. He was scheduled to appear last summer but due to illness
was unable to be present. Northwestern Alumnus
His career as a scholar and a theologian began in 1906 when he graduated from Northwestern University. He received Bachelor of Divinity degree from the Union Theological Seminary three years later and in the same year obtained his MA from Columbia. He then held various posts as pastor in Windsor and New Haven, Conn., and as instructor in the Hartford and Drew Theological Seminaries until the close of the first World
War.
Dr. Luccock became editor of the Christian Advocate in 1924, and in 1928 received an appointment as a professor at Yale University. During his ministerial service he has written many books, and may be remembered for his first, “Fares, Please,” written in 1916. His latest, published in 1941, is “American Mirror —^ S o c i a 1 and Religious Aspects of Contemporary American Literature.”
Freshman coeds are urged to enter the Debris contest before the deadline on nominations, which is tomorrow evening. Girls may enter themselves, or be nominated by any ed or coed on the campus. Nominees for the contest, which will be held in the north ballroom of the Union Tuesday evening at 7:15, will be announced in Sunday’s edition of the Exponent. Open To All Coeds The contest is open to all coeds on the campus except those who have been selected as Debris beauty queens in former contests. Names of the judges will be announced in Tuesday’s edition of the Exponent, along with further information concerning the contest. Nominations for the affair should be turned in at the west desk of the Union before tomorrow evening. These entries should tell the name, address and telephone number of the contestant. The four winners of the contest will be featured in the Debris with a full page picture for each. The eight runners-up will be the subjects for a two page spread.
Fourteen Enroll WBAA Features Navy In Training Course Graduation Exercises
Ten Lafayette women and four men, who ^lompleted courses in engineering chemistry, have enrolled in an industrial analytical chemistry course which is designed to teach skill in the techniq^ue of fundamental operations, ability to keep laboratory records, speed in calculations, and ingenuity in the examination of unknown materials. The course, which is being conducted by the University war training program under auspices of the United States office of education, will be instructed by Floyd O. Slate, University research chemist.
Sigma Nu
Coed Hours AWS Judicial Board voted yesterday to fix coed hours for the Military Ball at 1 a. m.
. . . social fraternity, will hold its annual pledge dance tonight at 8:30 at the chapter house. Chairman Pete Schwab announced that Maury Mahn’s orchestra will play for the dance, which has the draft for a theme. Bids will be in the form of draft calls. The dance-is open.
On Regular Program Graduation exercises for the men who completed 16 weeks of training in the Naval Training School at the University were featured in the fourth of a series of radio broadcasts, “Here Comes the Navy,” Wednesday afternoon, at 6:15 over
WBAA.
Ensign Leon Somers interviewed several of the men in the second company* of which he is commander. Members of this company will complete their training next Tuesday when the actual graduation exercises will be held in the Hall of Music. The Navy Glee Club again will participate in the program, under the direction of Yeoman Robert
E. Henk.
“Here Comes the Navy” is written by Ensign Somers and directed by Navy wife Cecelia Wahl; all parts are taken by bluejaqkets in training at the University and officers stationed there.*-yK-' ^'W>C'k-
“ SV> , ^
'^m
:\'i,i).. :.^ 'f
¥ipf. } wjj!'
SiS
ii'|l','i'W,^i', _
Purdue Exponent
Frid(fy, October 16,
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Businesi> Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p, m., 5377
yCditnr-in-CIncf Nf'wa lOditor .Mnnnjr.TiR^ Kditor... Spor.s Kdilor |{nR?<i4'ss Mntincor Cocti Kdilur
...John P. Amos Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armstrong Robert tu Hadley Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors al StnfTt D. W. Ochciilree, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, . B-.iz. \V. G. Hoskins, R. W. Boswinkle, 1C. Roquemore, btafT; P. K. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. iioii: S .Ily Beall, Charlotte Haas* Jean Lauer, Elaine Business Staff hi.sfno.ss Manager: Julia Martin. Is.UK itianugers: J. M. Wright, ,D. L. Johnson, J. Petty, ition Manager: G. H. Klouman. Its Manager: Trena Torrenga. Ttiid N'i0n::gers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
lOiiitiir-in-Miicf Miir.nsriii!: litlilor li'.:s:n<' s Manaijcr . (W K.-iit.ir , .VcNerti-iiiii; ManaRf Accfliinis HaaaRor .. C.'ii'culatian MaiiaRer
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum .... Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue lit .'.’ntor; Rafiltree Sports Editor: Sowards Kili(ir: Beall Issue Editor: Ajrbett ( i)i.r(e:s: Jlr,(ison, ' Hoffman, Tyson, Vegh, Go^del^ngh, l...-.on i.'eliill'/., Yargar; Porter. Mann, MurnkC Baynes, Ifji.'.n.;. Cayior, Clifford. Wehrenberg^,>Speck, Ford, i.Lli':.i.-n, Snndy. R'icliardson, Hannurrff
ar, second class matter at the post office in Lafaylua, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, i i‘-cial rate of postage provided • for in section of OcUiber 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. oii Tiierduy, Thursdny, Friday and. Sunday mornings .v.-ar. Delivered ioeally by carrier for ?1.76 for a .1' 83.00 for two semesters ; by mail for J2.00 for a ,1- it'S.OO for two semesters. m/: t r; mailed subscription $1.60. n'.od for national advertising by National Advertisce Inc. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Vve., New York, N. Y.
WtSHIKfiTOH How About You?.
?m Reg V S P*t
One Hour To Give Weil, the members of the Associated Women St udents’ sewing circle' have done it again. Glowing with a perverted patriotic zeal yesterday afternoon our little “kilowatt killers” lojjed off one hour from the two o’clock hours .tlfo Military Ball Committee had asked be set .for its dance on the 13th of November. In bi’in.&'ing down their latest bedtime story to tlie Exponent the KK kids pointed out that altlfougli they were cutting one hour off of the IiGUi-.s requested — thereby setting a one o'clock curfew for the Ball;—they were permitting us college children in all graciousness one extra hour for the Cotillion, which is a marvelous precedent which they feared should never be repeated. Exactly what the Kilowatt Kids expect to .cave Ijy tlieir action from wasted war effort iind vital materials is a deep dark mystery hidden probably in some dank and dusty re-QG-e-: of the AWS files. The fact that Military' Ball i.s I’eplacing the Prom for the senior class and probably the junior class seems to mean nothing to ’ our “social” set from the third floor of the Union. -What does AWS expect to accomplish by its old-maidish attitude? 'What does it think it will save by cutting Ball hi.ours sixty minutes? d .Since, for the second time within a year our .supreme women’s governing body has shown ii ssH incapable of interpreting or heting upon ilic not loo demanding request of other sturicni organizations, we suggest that they could he conserving quite a few hours of time for the v. rir eff ort by abandoning their Cubicle on the third fioor and coming down to the basement and help knit sweaters for the Red Cross, and, thereby, shov/ the campus that although being empty vessels they do not make hollow pound.-’, concerning sacrifices of time and eno’gy for the war effort.—d.t.b.
SulwIcSL SthipSliL.
Virginia Freed . . . former secretary in the WBAA office, has rer.i.rned and enlisted in the WAVES, Women’s Naval Auxiliary. .She has returned to her home in Madison, Wi.?,., before reporting- for training,. .Her job has b'jcr, taken over by Betty Healy of Lafayette.
Alfred 8. Pollack . . . : ujjply and disbursement officer at the Naval Ti.iinine; School at the University, has been, pror ihoU.d fi om Lieutenant (junior grade) to Lieutenant, lie '.vai: cited for bravery recently for heroic conduct during the U. .S, S. Pollux and U. S. S. Truxton naval r hast Maich, when he attempted to run a line re from the stranded Pollux.
Esisigri Arthur S. Linder , , . . ,’.(11, received his gold wings of Naval Aviation atqlie U. ,S. Naval Air .Station at Jacksonville, Fla., i c: u.lly. He was a resident of Norwalk, Conn. Linder ,r now leady.for either .sea or land duty and is exr p; ei.f d to be assigned to one or the other in the very j.ear fului'e.
Chhai Specialist Victor Vidoni . . . acting athletic officer at the Univer.sity Naval Ti (;,iiiir,g School, ha.s been promoted to rank of Ensign. Hc'Wa.-; previously .stationed at the Naval Training ,S:.:!‘,ool at Notre Dame.
Pilot Hugh G. Blackwell ... Ch '42, was recently commissioned a second lieutenant .in, the Army Air Force at Turner Field, Albany, Georgia, n
merry-go-round Bq( DREW PEARSON White House Overrules Army In Granting Stratoliners To Diplomats Returning Home WASHINGTON: U. S. Army officers were “burned up’’ when China’s Foreign Minister T. V. Soong managed to obtain through the White House a stratoliner in which to fly from Washington back to China. In the stratoliner he is taking ten friends, thereby using up extremely valuable cargo space. The Army did its best to block use of the stratoliner. It knew tons of equipment allocated to China, were piled up, waiting for means of transportation. It also kneSv that T. V. Soong, long had battled to get more weapons for China. So tlie'Army opposed use of the stratoliner. However, when T. V. Soong insisted, the matter was referred to the White House—which sided with the Chinese Foreign Minister and ruled that he should have the big passenger plane. Only other high ranking member of the diplomat circle to angle for a stratoliner was Madame Martins, Congk-dancing wife of the Brazilian Ambassador. Madame Martins was going back to Brazil, wanted to fly in a stratoliner instead of in an ordinary passenger plane. The Army opposed, argued that stratoliners were needed; to fly men to Africa, India, Aus-
tralia.
However, vivacious Madame Martins spoke to highplaced friends in the State Department and they gave her the stratoliner—^until younger State Department officials sided with the Army so vigorously that the order was overruled. In the end, Madame Martins flew in an ordinary passenger plane. Note: Foreign Minister Soong, long a resident of Washington, now will remain permanently in China, where he constantly gets in the hair of his brother-in-law, Generalissimo Chlang Kai-shek. • Do Your Soldier Shopping Early Have you done your soldier shopping? Remember that to ensure safe delivery of Christmas packages to soldiers overseas they should be mailed in October. Don’t make them larger than shoe-box size, with a limit of five pounds on each package. The Army suggests you send useful thihgs, other than food. Community presents from an entire town are dis- . couraged—for every inch of cai-go space means less space for bullets. • Steel Shorihage Probe The long-smouldering row oyer whether the nation should build quick new sponge iron mills and also develop its isolated and Far Western iron deposits will flare into the open in Congress next week. On one side of the row are Far Western and Southern Congressmen, plus Secretary Ickes, plus Republic Steel. On the other side are mo.st of the big steel companies and their friends in the War Production Board who are suspected of not wanting the iron and steel industry to shift away from big blast furnace production in the Pittsburgh, Youngstown, Cleveland
areas.
The row has many other ramifications, one of them being whether the $l-a-year men represent themselves or the Government. Another is why we have a desperate steel shortage when millions of tons of iron ore lie untouched in the Far West, where it could be developed by the cheap, quick sponge iron process. The question is not entirely geographical, however, for sponge iron plants can be built any-
where.
The row is expected to break when the Boykin Committee, investigating steel shortages, 4yill summon officials of the Republic Steel Co., which wants to build a sponge iron plant; and two WPB officials who have opposed the project. The two opposing officials are W. A. Hauck of WPB’s Steel Facilities Unit, and S. 0. Hobart of the Blast Furnace Unit. They oppose sponge iron as an “unsound innovation.’’ • Sponge U. S. Blast’ Furnaces However, the Boykin Committee wants to examine them closely as to whether they are not chiefly opposed to breaking the hold of certain big steel companies, which don’t want competition from low grade ores, developed by a cheaper process throughout the country. Also the Committee may want to probe into the fact that Hauck was formerly an accountant with Bethlehem Steel, while Hobart was President of the Troy, N. Y., Furnace Corporation, makers of blast furnaces and coke ovens. The new sponge iron process offers competition to the blast furnace process. Republic wants to establish a sponge iron plapt in Canton to produce 100 tons a day. But they were turned down on priorities for 170 tons of steel to build the plant. In other words, the new Republic plant would have produced 200 tons in two days, enough to build itself—but was vetoed because of the steel shortage. One great advantage of sponge steel plants, is that they require little steel for construction. Yet WPB has blocked them for months. Note: Engineer for Republic in the proposed new plant is H. A. Brassert, who has built steel mills all over the world, even undertook construction of the Hermann Goering works in Germany after being urged to do so by Prime Minister Chamberlain as part of British appeasement policy. • Community Cooperation The town of Baker, Ore., already has taken a leaf from Pre-sident Roosevelt’s recent radio advice on community cooperation. Located in the lumber area, Baker never had any manufacturing. But Baker business men decided to build a plant and get a war contract. Fact i.s, they got the contract first—to build wooden bodies for big eight-wheel Array trucks—and then started building the factory. A local engineer, who had been to Ru.ssia to help the Soviets build factories out of nothing, laid Out a plan to do the same thing in Bakei'. For an overhead conveyor, the builders got meat hooks from a butcher shop, and built a trolley for the hooks out of old pipe and angle iron. To paint the truck bodies, they built a big tank, filled it with paint, and dipped the bodies in it. 'fo operate the hoisting mechanism over this tank, a compres.sor wa.s made from the air cylinders of abandoned Sumter Valley railroad cars. A conveyor was made with the leather belt from an abandoned gold diedge. This improvised “factory” is turning out auto , bodies foi- the Army at a saving of slightly over $100 per body as compared with other producers. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Tomorrow afternoon the Exponent is offering the University faculty, students and townspeople a chance to do something substantial toward keeping them rolling or flying or any of the numerous functions for which our armed forces need metal. The four hour scrap collecting drive tomorrow afternoon can be successful only if everyohe concerned gives full and energetic assistance to the drive, and if the people of West Lafayette realize how truly critical is the nation’s shortage of scrap mti'cal and other commodities. War Productidn Boss Donald Nelson, who is in a position to know, says “WPB’s Gonservation Division has estimated that 17,000,000 tons of scrap will be necessary in order to fulfill steel requirements during the last months of 1942 and to insure the steel mills sufficient inventory on January 1 to carry them through the winter months.” , Tomorrow afternoon every housewife and every person in the entire community will have what is really the privilege of helping directly to win this war. 'A recent survey, conducted by the government indicates that there is an average of at least 100 pounds of iron and steel scrap in every home. And we know there is plenty more in University buildings and in fraternities, sororities and other buildings in town. . ■ ' Therefore, it is our sacred duty, and yours, to see that this scrap is turned in tomorrow. Every bit of metal—-trophies, old horns, worn out frying pans; erery bit of rubber; and every bit of rags, or other salvageable material should and must be turned in if we are to keep this nation’s war production going
smoothly. •
The scrap we will be able to,gather tomorrow will be merely a drop in the bucket as far as the country’s needs go, but this war is such that it must be fought, not only on the battlefield, or in the factory, but in every home, and by every loyal citizen of the United States.—w.g.h.
'■ ' ......... ' -
■II 11 .i J— Ji: 'i.iii;«
(D 1942 Chicago Times, Inc. Reg U. a Pat. Off.. All Rta. Res.
“It’s all right for you to drop into the parlor and say hello to Eddie—but do I come down to your office and hang around while you’re trying to sell a customer?”
The Bottle Ned The Cork is making plans for going home Saturday. Last week end we stayed down here and we don’t ever want to be that lonely again. There was no one in the Union except people giving blood out of their arms to the Red Cross.
University Calendar
Friday, Oefober 16
Only person we talked to was Mr.s. Wiley who is chairman of the Red Cross. We asked her where the tank was. She said what tank and we said the tank that you put the blood in. She told us over there. We were going to ask her for a straw but we thought that would be acting smart and anyway she made us help three men carry the blood out to a truck.
Poulti'y Short Course : Poultry Buildings Veterinaiy Short Course........ Veterinary Building All Day Engineci-ing Cul. Magazines A.ss,n Union 4:00 P.M. 'Cosmopolitan (flub Meeting' Room :1Q4, Union 7:30 P.M. Playahop—Cuckoos, on the ri(?.nrtb.,,.Eliza Fowler Hall 8:30 P.M. PI A Dance So. Ballroom, Union Satiirday, October 17
Hearing the swiching ai'ound inside the tank made the Cork feel funny inside because the blood of about 50 people were in the tank. We had to do.something to forget about, the peculiar .feeling so v/e went over to the Sweet Shop for a milk'shake.
\ Poultry Short Course 7:30 P.M. Convocation—Don Co.s.saeks .. 8:30 P.M. Mixer
...Poultiy Buildings ...Hall of Music ...South Ballroom
The girl that gave us the milk shake wa.s fat and it took her a long time to get it made. She poured the shaker all the way full of milk and ice cream and chocolate and then after she got through vibrating it on the machine, she just poured the glass full and left the rest of it in the shaker which she set back behind the counter. She wouldn’t give it to us and we were going to give her just a dime, but thought we’d better not start an argument with her because she might get violent and there were not many students ai'onnd to help defend, us.
Exponent Staff There will be a board nieeling of all Juniors and Senior.s today at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Extension Station. . —AMOS
We went out on the balcony to look at the leaves on the ground. We weie wondering if there, would be . a campaign to start collecting leaves for the war effort like e.vevyone is going to collect scrap for Saturday. The Cork got to thinking that maybe A1 Stewart should be called in on the scrap drive and the campus'would ellect a Scrap (Jueen and everything would be spectacular like Al‘s Dottie Lamour show. 'O o While the Cork was thus pondering Gloria came up. and told u.s she was getting fat like the waitress in the Sweet Shop. Se said she weighed 128 pounds stripped but the s.cales in front of the drug store pi’obably weren’t very correct.
Heailh
student Health Service reports that H. L. Trager, junior ME, and J. R. Hicks, sophomore ME, have been admitted to the Home HosiJital fo!'.surgical treatment; and Maurice •Center, junior EE, has been admitted to St. Elizabetli’s Hospital for medical- treatment. Students discharged from Home Hospital after medical ti'eatment are John W. Hawkins, senior ChE, and G. E. Schmidt, sophomore Ag.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR. BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
** A-** yr ****-******** A AI lllaii Hills Siuilia. I (Uislinclive Portraiture) > 4^ , • . • X ■(< 20.S East Stale x Plniiie„34'l.'{ X
TODAY AND TOMORROV/
kriil
NOV/ SHOWSNG
Et's the Great American Stoiyl , TME PPJDE OF THE YANKEES (Life of Lou Gehrig) — with GARY COOPER TERESA WRIGHT —- ADDED — March of Time's "MEN OF THE FLEET"
LUMA TODAY and TOMORROW TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
Ride the avesigiiig trail with THE THREE MESQyiTEERS in HAi
— ADMISSION
Nights and Sunday......
50c
Week Day Matinees....
.,40c
Children
. .... .15c
Plus Tax
PLUS-^ SECOND HIT
AR
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
ROBERT STERLING I Patricia DANE * Beglnald OWEN Lia PATBICH * Ctaarles DINGLE Directed by Wosley Buggies Produced by Pendro S. Bermou
packed drama}
FUN RIDES THE RANGE!
HAl ROACH preientt Jimmy ROGERS Noah BEERY, Jr. Son of Will Rogers vmm PRRIYKmi Mrii WOODWORTH I
WS ON THE STAGEI TOPS ON THE SCREEN!
SCREEN!
Broadway’s famed musical is a song-laugh-and-girl film sensation!
OF
mtT
f4z'I MARSHA HUHT • VIRGINIA O’BRIEN • ALAN
— ALSO — "PATHE NEWS'
5 DAYS STARTING TdMORROW
—LAST TIMES TODAY—t, n » I, f
!) 'Friday^,- October 16, 1942
Boilermaker^ Sports
Page 3
Grid, Distance Squads Leave For Ohio State
Phillips" Proteges Loosen Up
For Scarlet And Gray Meet For a final loosening up/before the assault upon the Ohio Stath distance squad at Columbus tomorrow afternoon, Coach Hermon Phillips last evening sent his cross country crew through a lively game of hare and hounds. “Hares” Duesler and Kinder started the race from the threehole golf course. Along the trail pieces of yellow paper were left as clues for the hounds (the remainder of the squad, fij'osh and varsky alike) to follow.
A full page of paper marked the spot where both factions of the chase left the trail—^the hares endeavoring to return to the starting point untouched by the hounds, the hounds intent on not letttngr this happen, however it happehed, for the first
time this season.
This loosening up exercise took the squad of temporary animals from the thiee-hole golf course to the vicing of the State Police station oh by-pass and back Coach Phillips estimated the distance as between five and seven miles This chase led the lads thiough fields, woods, buildings, a road or two and an occasional barbed wire fence Proficiently bleeding legs and thighs gave cohsideiable proof of this latei
part of the couise deviates Routine
Phillips adds this bit of novelty running to the schedule of woikouts for a very effective spiiit boosIjer, and deviation fiom the tedious routine of coveiing the same cioss country course evening aftei eve
nin^
Time tiials foi the affaii with the Buckeyes tomoiiow weie held last Wednesday Not too inspuing weie the tunes turned in as compaicd With the times the Same team turned against competition with the Hoosieis last Saturday Howevei, Coach Phillips piedicted, “We’ll l^eat ’em ” 'I'hose To Compete ^ The loster of runners to make the trip Eastwaid foi the contest includ^is Charlie Dueslei, Fied Kindei, Bairel Roach, Kenny Lynch, Jim Ashwell, Ed Harrei and Flash Seward Again this year, the meet will t^ke place at 12 noon lather than to giw the squads plenty of time foi the lace and allow them to adjourn to the Buckeye stadium
Squash Will Make Appearance Soon Squash, a sport which has been
m the background in Boilermaker activities this semester, will be in full swing in a few weeks While good weather has been prevailing students have been encouraged to play at outdoor sports, but chilly weather is expected to send the boys scampering indoors, and to squash,
about November first
Although intramural squash is found in many schools throughout this section of the country, ours is the only university in the mid west that has a varsity team, and in which letters for squash are awarded This year’s squash schedule has as yet not been completed, but an interesting program is expected The vaisity squash squad, which is composed of lettermen Captain Norm Goldstein, Bill Bond, Bob Boydston, Fred Hess, and Ed Wells, has been working out infor-mally from four to five thirty every night The bulk of last year’s Frosh squad, namely J Cohep, G E Gifford, J B Igleheart, W H Tyson, and J P Weil, constitutes the major part of
the reserves
for the remainder of the afternoon for the Boilermaker Ohio State giid
classic
Four Miles For a Change This race tomorrow will be a four mile grind, the first foUi mile race the Boilermakers will have enduranced this season The freshman distance meet between the frosh squad from Bloomington and the Boilermaker first year men which was scheduled to be run off tomorrow on the Hoosier course has been postponed
m shirt IS THI SHIRT
I n /
^ESSLEY SHIRTS
No wonder women like men in Essley Shirts! The luxurious, lustrous broadcloth of Essley white shirts, their painstaking tailoring by Troy craftsmen, their authoritative styling by America's leading men's fashion authority immeasurably point up a man's appearance. Add to this Trubenized*
Collars that stay fresh and smart all day, and you know why Essley white shirts are as fine as money can buyl
$
2.95
Forrest McCaffry, one of the stalwart ends of the Boilermaker squad. Against Northwestern last week, Forrest had the Wildcat defense buffaloed by his razzle-dazzle end-
around-end runs.
Alpha Chi Rhos Lead Bowling Latest lelease on the all campus bowling standings show that in the “A” bracket that the Alpha Chi Rhos aie leading with a lecoid of Six wins and no losses These stand mgs include the games of October 7 and 8 In the “B’’ bracket, the Betas lead along with the Sigma Alpha Epsilons and Dtelta Tau Belts with five wins and one loss Other teams who are high m the “A” section are the Delta Upsilons and Phi Kappa Sigmas with records of five find one Following close behind are the Phi Sigma Kappa, Theta Tau, and Pi Kappa Alpha In the lower bracket, the Phr Gams, Sigma Ni^s, Beta Sigmfi Psis, and the Phi Kappa Taus are hold mg a close hold to the top positions The standings for all^of the teams
are as follows
“A” Bracket W L Alpha Chi Rho 6 0 Delta Upsilon 5 1 Phi Kappa Epsilon 6 1 Phi Sigma Kappa 4 2 Theta Tau 4 2 Pi Kappa Alpha 4 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon 3 3 Pi Kappa Phi 3 3 Triangle 1 5 Alpha Tau Omega 1 5 Tau Kappa Epsilon 0 6 Hilltoppers 0 G “B” Bracket W L Beta Theta Pi 5 1 Sigma Alpha Epsilon 5 1 Delta Tau Delta 6 1 Phi Gamma Delta 4 2 Sigma Nil 4 2 Beta Sigma Psi 4 2 Phi Kappa Tau 4 2 Theta Chi 3 3 Sigma Pi 15 Lambda Chi Alpha 1 5 Alpha Gamma Rho 0 6 Delta Chi 0 6
By Russ Lipes
Introducing Bob Hajzyk,, stellar quarterback of the Boilermaker football team Bob wears a b(g number 34 on his football jerseV, and he IS well known to all Riveter football fans, this being his second yeai on the varsity squad Standing 5 feet, 8 inches tall, he weighs 178 pounds and is a jurtior m the Public Service Engineering school Whe*n ask,ed about his plans after school. Bob replied that he was in the Enlisted Reserve Corps and he was pretty Siire that Uncle Sam had good us6 for him when he did graduate, if not before Washington Hi^h School of South Bend first saw the athletic proficiency of Ml Hajaiyk Here Bob starred m football, basketball, find softball, winning four varsity letters during his high school career His senior year saw him^wmning a
Bob Hajzyk
WANTA TINKER? equipinenT all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E W VanMeter, Pres
place on the All State Football team in the quarterback position During the summer months Bob pitched for one of the better softball teams of South Bend This past summer witnessed him pitching the TKE’o, hisfiateinity, to the softball championship of the campus Bob related the following incident as the most thrilling part of his gridiron career It was in 1939 when Washington was plaj mg LaPorte With only one minute of play remaining Hajzyk drove across for a touchdown and then kicked the extra and tying point himseif One of the players on the LaPorte team wa.5 Bob Bachmfin, Adams Asks Students To Meet Team Sunday No pep session will be held before the Ohio State game it was an nounced early yesterday Chief cheer leader Bruce Adams said that no formal plans to meet the return mg team Sunday have been made because the students failed to turn out last Sunday Adams ui g^d all students who ai e inteiostcd in meeting the team to go to the station Sunday in spite of the f ict that there will be no organ i/ed demonstration
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Uiiiversily Book Store
DR PAUL A Risk DR LUTHER A RH^K DR HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 SehuHz Bldg 4lh ind Mom Sts Lafayette
youR PURse in the
fiaHTj
☆ Buy WAR STANIPS + BO
HI-DENSITY LEAD .... is the basis of pencil tracings for clear, sharp blueprinting—a very special quality of Eberhard Faber MICROTOMIC "VAN DYKE" drawing pencils which should command preference for their use on school work as it does among engineers and professional draftsmen WaU MICROTOMK UAO-IS DEGREES-RND 6 DEGREES WUH CHISU POINT LEADS EBERHARD FABER ^eadatsktjp, in riMt wni-nno materials since isas
Coach Brown, Buckeye Mentor, Finds New Worries As Riveters Prepare For Ohio State Attack
By Sheldon Watson and Jim Ackerman
Coach Paul Brown, versatile mentor of the Boilermakers' next opponents, Ohio State, has that worried look m his eye. The worry comes from the fact that his Buckeyes meet Coach Elmer Burnham’s Boilermakers tomorrow afternoon in Ohio
State Stadium at Columbus, Ohio.
A wee kago, Coach Brown looked at the 26-0 whitewash that A week ago, Coach Brown looked at the 26-0 whitewash that
Boilermakers would be just —
another low hurdle op the path .. , ,
^ a few of its stars on the sidelmes.
to a Big Ten championship, jjante Lavelh, left end, starting Last week, however, the Bum- sophomore, is still on^the bench with ham boys nosed out a highly- a leg injury and is not expected to regarded Northwestern outfit, s®® e®me Saturday.
This came as a blow to the
W 1 “Tex” Smerke, a converted quarterback, who has been doing some good work at an end position this year “Tex” is the boy who caught that long pass and scored the Rivetr’s touchdown in the Fordham
game.
Dickerhoof Dropped From Iowa Grid Team For what Coach Eddie Anderson teimed “in the best interests of the squad,” Del Dickerhoof, 195 pound senioi guaid, was diopped from the lostei of the Univeisity of Iowa football team. Anderson failed to amplify his astounding statement. Roger Kane, a husky sophomore from Mundelein, Illinois, had replaced Dickeihoof on the Iowa vaisity two days ago aftei the latter had held down a fiist team position all season He captained the Iowa team in the Gieat Lakes contest
Buckeyes, no doubt, and now they feel as though the Riveters may
have something
Last Practice Light Yesterday afternoon Coach Burnham and his lads completed their week of preparation foi the Buckeye tilt Practice consisted of lunning plays through members of the
Another absentee who will leave a gap in the Buckeye attack is Bill Durtschi, powerful punting halfback, who also has a painful leg injury Left end Don Stienberg, pass snagger deluxe, is warming the splinters because of a shoulder m-
jmy
Buckeye Backfield Powerful Despite the injuries, Coach Brown
“B” team, and sizing up the Ohio will have a powerful backfield for State style which was scouted by attack on the Boilermakers. “Piggy” Lambert last week end Sophomore Gene Fkete, who hails The practice session was compara- from Findlay, Ohio, has been the tively light and after a lest tonight, leading ground gainer for the Buckthe Boilermakers will board an east- Thus fai, Fekete has rolled bound tram for Indianapolis Lunch yards through the line of the will be eaten in Indianapolis by the total of 960 yards gained by the Buinham boys, and then they will Ohio team This gives Scarlet and journey onward to Columbus to Oi ay’s fullback an average of 4 82 wait foi game time yards per tiy for carrying the ball PEM 12 Specimens as he has hit the line a total of 60
The Black and Gold squad will times in top condition for the Buckeye tilt Aerial Stars
So far this season the Boilermakers haven’t been botheied by injuries This fact shows that the Riveters aie in top physical condition indi-
vidually
ports Communique
By Bob Hadley ,
S
Before the season gets much older, it seems to us that someone ought to lead a couple of cheeis foi the Military Band. In then peiformances this year they have been surpassing even the lecoids of pievious Purdue bands, exhibiting complex maneuveis, faultless playing, and military piecision such as is seldom seen in any college band Whether the Boilermakers won or lost the game, the band has always shone, and “Spotts” Emrick and his 180 band members deserve
a lot of credit
At Noithwestein last veek jaws diopped in the first half when the Boileimakeis giound the Wildcats into the turf of Dyche Stadium But they diopped just as fai dining the half when the band came out and pioceeded to go thiough then intiicate bag of tucks The band leceived a tiemendous ovation when they left the field and they deserved eveiy eeho_^Theie isn’t a band in the countiy that can outclass them It comes time again for us to stick out our necks in the regulai Friday morning manner The Boileimakeis pulled out this morning foi Columbus primed foi the game tomoiiow with the high scoiing Buckeye gang fiom Ohio State With eveiy man on the tiaveling squad in good running condition, the Riveteis’ chances to bieak up a two year senes of wins foi Ohio aie looking up Right now the Bucl^eyes look to a lot of the sporting eyes like possessors of about the toughest offense rolling around the country. They have averaged almost 40 points per game, and that’s not bed for a basketball team On the other hand, Indiana sqpred thiee touchdowns against the Buckeyes and Southern Cal scored two. If the rejuvenated Rivetei pass defense can slow down the Ohio an offense, the line, playing like it did last week, will smother any ideas the Buckeyes may get about giound opeiatioiis, and the scoie will be loughly 10 7 in favoi of the Boilei makers At least that’s what oui calculations show We’re heading for Columbus to make suie that it comes out that way Working around the Big Nine, Michigan entertains Northwestern at Ann Arbor It looks like a warm reception Michigan, lllmoib goes out to Iowa and it looks like the Illim, who took the measuie of Minnesota’s Gophers last week, should continue then streak at the expense of the Hawkejes. Indiana plays Pitt in the Smokej City Pittsburgh has been playing pretty tough ball against SMU and Great Lakes, but Indiana seems a shade better 'fhe Wisconsin Badgeis meet the Gieat Lakes Blue Jackets and with Pat Haidei in theie we’ll take the Badgers Minnesota meets Nebraska in a game that is a lot different from leccnt games ot the senes It’s something a little new for the two teams 16 go on the held, both defeated twice in their first three games We picked Minnesota the last two weeks. It can’t last we’ll lake ’em again.
Umpire Geisel Quits Baseball
One of the oldest baseball umpiies fiom the point of seivice—32 ycais of “callin’ ’em”—has lesigned as an Ameiican League unipiie He IS Haiiy G Gcisel of Indianapolis who has spent 16 yeais being called a “blind Tom” while doing seivice foi the Juiiioi ciicuit Genel said in his letter to Piesidpnl Will Haiiidge that he was lesigmng so that he could “aid in the wai eftoit and make permanent business connections in Indianap-
olis ”
Geiscl, who ^^never played piolossional bfiseball, made hiS debut as an umpiie in 1910 in the IllinoisMisoouii league Aftei that he went to the Wisconsin Illinois, Cential and Western cucuits befoie going to the International loop in 1922
The triple-threat back for the Buckeyes is Paul Sarringhaus, who IS a junior and comes from Hamilton, Ohio Besides kicking and running, Sarringhaus has been qmte
Ohio State on the other hand has successful in completing passes as — ■- he has connected on 10 of iT for
an average of 58 per cent. This fairly well competes with the Rivetei’s own Johnny Andretich, who has completed 7 of 11 heaves. Of Sariinghaus’ 10 completions, there was a total of 276 yards gained
through the air
As far as Sarringhaus’ running ability IS concerned it speaks for itself, as he has, m 30 tiys, made a gam of 160 yards for a 5 5 average Last season Sarringhaus saw only limited action as he was hampeied by glasses, but this seaspn he has lun wild as he is wearing
contact lenses
Another Powerhouse The thii d outstanding back in the Buckeye backfield is Jack Hoivath, a senior fiom Cleveland, Ohio, TVho passes and does a great deal of carrying the leather In 27 attempts at bucking the line, Horvath made 188 yards for an average of 6",9 yards per try His passes have nqt been bad eithei as he has completed fifty per cent, four out of eight. In all probability a passing game will be much in evidence as besides the passers mentioned above, Ohio State has two others who have met with much success in practice and m their three games. Bob Frye, a left handed passer, is a constant threat in running and he has completed one for three Another speed mei chant is Tommy James, who played undei Brown at Massillon, and has made two of thiee passes. James oiiginally started m school at Dartmouth, but on hearing of Brown’s piomotion to Ohm State mentoi, James transfejrred to the Buckeye giidiron On The Receiving End Outstanding pass receiver for the Buckeyes, and the man who is on the leceiving end of most of the passes IS Bob Shaw, junior right end fiom Fxemont, Ohm. Shaw played against the Riveters last yeai and was one of the headaches foi the Boilermaker defense. In the fiist game Ohm State played this year they bowled over Ft Knox by the score of 69-0. Of couise Ft Knox was only practicing for two weeks before their game with the Buckeyes, but then the Seal let and White used mostly their inexperienced men and sophomoi-es. In then second game, Ohm State beat Indiana and Hillenbiand foi then fiist conference victory. The scoie was 32-21, and was a scoimg spree as the score indicated. First Indiana was ahead and then Ohio State, with the lattei pushing over two touchdowns m the last half t« come from behind and win.
Cal’s Bite Dust
Southern California was the next victim of the Buckeyes and they put up a better battle than the sport scribes piedicted, as Ohm State only beat them 28 to 12 Southern Cal, who IS not supposed to have any kind of team at all this season, leally showed Ohm State that they were not the best team in the country, though they may com© close to it.
Teddy Lyons Leaves Sox The United States Maiines gained a 41 yeai old bundle of eneigy this week while the owneis of the Chicago White Sox went into mourning ovei the loss ot that same bundle ot eneigy This bit ot middle-aged liveliness is none othei than Teddy Lyons, peiennial winning membei ot the White Sox mound staff Lyons, aftei achieving his 250th victory this season, decided to answei his countij’s call and join the Mamies Tekiy’s depaituie fiom baseball leaves only one othei niajoi league huilci who has attained the maik ot 250 victoiies This is Red Ruffing, mainstay ot the Yankee pitching coips and wmnei ot the only New Yoik victoiy in this yeai’s Woild
SeriesAv:
t^lirdm Exponent
FHdn:; October 16^ 194^^
Pro/.f.f.Rofei^ifis Jp t^^mduct Soybean iSioot^or AAA Prof. P. E. Bobbins will conduct '/« my Jjean.. grain schopl today at Huntington. He held two such aohools last week at Washington and Gr^n^hurg, and similar school will be held here tomorrow and Sundtpiy for another group of AAA members. W. P. Inglis, of the federal grain grading office ht Chicago will act as assistant to Professor Bobbins. The Sunday meeting is being held in cooperation with the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association. The main discussion will be on the problems of grain and elevator men, paying particular attention to the damage and storage of the beans. 'J'he meeting tomorrow will discuss the grading and classifying of soybeans. . Tomorrow’s meeting will begin at & a. m. in Agricultural Hall. The Sunday sessions are to begin at 9 a. m. and 1 p. m. Cossacks ^ ■ (Continued from page 1) Cossacks, dancing with twelve knives in his mouth and hands, on his chin, his lips and on his shoulders. Original Ambition Curtailed A far ci’y frorp his original ambition, which was to be a mining engineer, Nicholas Kostrukoff, the leader of the chorus, took over when the group was organized in 1926 under the patronage of the President of the Czechoslovakian Republic, Dr. Thomas Masaryk, and Edouard Benes, then Minister of the Foreign Office. The group was formed at the end of a series of concerts attempting to make the singing students of the country consider seriously their future careers, music versus engineering, medicine, law,
etc.
Since then they have become known to the world by giving concerts in every part of the globe, and no matter where their stand, Europe or Australia, they have been acclaimed by all as a living tribute to the glory of the old Cossack legends. Personnel Notes I Companies to visit campus; Perfect Circle Company, Hagerstown, Indiana—October 16. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D.'C.—October 16 and 17.' Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—October 19, 20 and 21. General Electric Co., Schenectady, New York—October 21, 22 and 23. Tennessee Valley Authority, Wilson Dam, Alabama—October 20 and
21,-
Bendix Aviation Corp., Brooklyn, N. y.—-October 26 and 27. U. S. Ovil Service Commission, Washington, D. C.—October 29. Interested in engineers. Sperry Gyroscope Company, Inc., Brooklyn, New York—October 27.
to
' the £dii&L
Ph^armacy Group To See Movie Monday
American Pharmaceutical Asso-
A few weeks ago the Music Hall ciation will present its second colwas filled to almost one-half of its ored movie of the semester, “Pneucapacity by an enthusiastic audi- monia—Diagnosis and Treatment,” ence. The great attraction was a prepared by Drs. Norman Pliimer star of the Metropolitan Opera, and Herbert Ensworth of the New
University agricultural statistics in cooperation with the U. S. Bureau of Agricultui-al Statistics has reported that corn, the chief field crop of Indiana, is closing its season
Out of the large audience of over York Hospital, on Monday at 4 p. m. with an all time record of 220,914,three thousand people there were in room 311 of the Pharmacy Build- ooo bushels, estimated on October approximately two hundred Purdue ing. ’ l as the current year’s crop. That Students, the rest of the audience The picture shows a pneumonia is a yield of 54.0 bushels per acre; being composed of townspeople, patient during the various stages of 4.0 more than the previous record Two hundred students out ofui,pos- the disease, his admission to the of 1939, if the forecast is correct, sible sixty-five hundred represents infectious disease ward, and pro- Percent Increase In Corn
only a little over three per cent, grosses through the history taking, Is the convocation committee ful- physical examination and treat-
filling its duty to the students when ments.
only three per cent attend the con- Treatments Demonstrated vocation? These treatments inclucie chemoEach student is forced to pay therapy, serotherapy, the use of
Indiana Corn Crop Parenis To Mcel Here Four Percent Urger (Jov. 12 for l^isCUSSion
Of Wartime Problems
Than Last Year
PerBonliel Room A^Aigrnments iii Union Thursdity : 9 a. m.—Swager, ,802 ; Neubauer, 303; M. A. Green, 304 ; J. QUley, SOB! Hazzlunci,'
807.
10 a. m.—Sohnkel, (Jilley, 302; Swager, 303; BaMVih, 304 ; Dan Wait, 80B; M. A. Green, 807. 11 a. in.—Neal, 802; Schakel, MacBlair, 803; Baldwin, 804; Wilson (Bob), SOB; Van Behren, 307. 1 p. tn.-~Keim, 302; Dannimlller, 303; Schoekency, 804; Weber, 30B ; Ball (Chap),
307.
2 p. rlr.—Schoekency, 3021 Ijonz, 303; Keilmah, 304; Kuch, 305. 3 p. rti.—Neal, 302; Lona, 303; Gardner,
304 ; Kuch, 305.
4 p. tn.—Neal, 302; Gardner, 303 (Chan), 304; Humphrey, SOB.
Ball
Several hundred persons are ex^pected to attend the annual parents’ insLllute, sponsored ’ jointly by the Indiana Congress of Patents aud Teachers and the Schopl of Horde Economics. Main topic bf the institute when the groUp meets here Nov. 4 and 5 will be discussion of
the wartime problems that face all pledging rehearsal. Pledging at parents. As announced by Mary L. Mat- ."“'trying” ZtTo'l
Purdne Engineer Staff! All Junjor sfld Senior staff mOmbera ihay attend tlon sessions. Let me know if you wish t(> go^to banquets. Excuses from classes WP nvailabl'e. --YQUNBKbOOD , Episcopal Students! Communion and breakfast at 9 a. m. SundS^.^
Classified Ads
student' Union Board: Sc< to Russ Morgan Band.
me for tickets —DEUSTER
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, guns,
luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loap Office, Alpha Lambda Delta; Members meet at 407 Columbia. i,
4 p. m. .in Room 23C of the Union for
nine dollars every semester, as an oxygen and other non - specific
activity fee. A large portion of this measures. Laboratory tests such as year’s figures. The total carry-over-
fee is to enable him to attend these
This all-out production of corn is 26 per cent more than last year, and 38 per cent more than the 193039 average. The carry-over of Indiana corn on the farms was estimated at 16,374,000 bushels, or
, , n- , 4-1. 1 4, problems of the adolescent m warabout 25 per cent more than last ^ ^ ^
thews. Dean of Home Ecopomics, fhe Uplveraity chess team ' 'I • tober 19, at 7:80 p. m. in the card room
Typewriters—Adding macnlnes, all mhk^ sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. ograpK work done. C. J. Eberfehoft» 605 MSiBt
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Lost—Pen and peneij set aomewheice near corner Of State and South streets. Name of owner engraved. Reward offered. Call 81974.
Exponent: There will be an important Wanted—Boys are you wasting man hours meeting of the Town, etc., beat Tuesday or are you helping win this war by working
, , night at 7:16. All reporters of the beat otherwise wasted hours. Apply Un-
ping the child for tomorrow, par- be there. —BOSWINKLE ion Cafeteria. ental problems in homes abioad, Aeromadelers: Ryles for Sunday, Octo-
ber 18, contest are posted on bulletin board in Room 80. —DETTWYLER
Monday, Oc-
,, . , » . 7:80 p. m. in th
the program will consist of topics of the tiiiion. —vriens concerning making homemakers Exponent: There will be an important
work effectiVe in wartime, equip-
Lpst—Brown, gold Shaeffer pen betvreen Ghem. Annex, Wood Hall. Reward. Steffes,
W. R. H.
time, community planning for children, nutrition and "Slothing under
, -o .4 4. sputum typing, blood chemistry de- and prospective corn crop is one of
costly convocations. Based on at- fovryiinn+ifin nnrl nvnTviinnl.ion of the largest supplies of feed on lec- i
tendance at the last convocation, this represents throwing away up to twenty dollars each year by each student. Twenty dollars multiplied by the number of students paying this fee gives a total of $120,p00.00. Even though the convocations are costing only a small fraction of this amount, the amount wasted by empty seats at the convocations is still many thousands of dollars. This js a vei-y tidy sum considering how often the government asks us to sate our money and buy
war bonds.
The Lafayette theaters provide
pool-
termination, and examination of blood culture are shown in detail. The toxic complications of chemotherapy and indications for combined chemo- and serotherapy are approved by the American College
of Surgeons.
Loyal Alumnus IV, Champion Steer, Returns From Tour Loyal Alumnus IV, grand cham-
ord, but the livestock numbers are also high. Extremely favorable growing conditions throughout the season was one of the factors attributed to the record according to the University’s agricultural statisticians. There was also an increased use of hybrid corn and commercial fertil-
izers.
Estimated as the carry-over of oats were 40,893,000 bushels, about equal to last year but about a third more than average; while only 6,970,000 bushels of wheat were left or about one-half the average.
Purdue Uhriutian Popndution: Fpll round up wiil at 1 p. m. Saturday, October 17, leavmg from 131 S. Grant. An afternoon of outdoor sportd will constitute the program, concluding with an outdoor supper with vespers following. Cost is 25 cents. Will return in time ior convocation.
' —REYNOLDS
Sigma Delta Psi: Important meeting on
entertainment for students shown by e V Soybeans Production Doubled
at the International Livestock Exposition at Chicago last December, has been given back to the University by his present owners, the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company of Akron, Ohio. The famous steer has made two tours covering almost every state of the middle west between the Gulf of Mexico
When Tommy Dorsey played here Canadian border,
last spring almost every student attended the convocation. Everyone
who are tired of being educated after working hard all week. However, in general, they would rathei-i-ide a stuffy bus over town, wait in line for an hour or more at a local theatre and then see a poor moving picture than go to the average con-
vocation.
was well pleased with his performance and all were talking of the wonderful convocation that Purdue provided for its students. Why can’t the convocation committee provide the students with something they want? After all, they are providing the money. The convocations could provide a great deal of enjoyment to all students if they were managed
differently.
It is suggested that part of the money be spent on cultural convocations and part on popular convocations. According to the schedule of convocations for this j^ar all of the money has been spent on cultural convocations. In general, the students are not interested in opera singers or lecturers on the problem of the Chinch Bug in Southern Iceland. They are interested in beingentertained by a good dance band, a good moving picture, or a coloiful lecturer on current events.
—A Student.
Alpha Phi Omega . . . national scouting and service honorary announces the pledging of the folowing men; Charles E. Albritton, Paducah, Ky.; Robert S. Allen, Brookfield, 111.; Howard A. Aronson, Chicago, 111.; Alden W.
Soybean production was forecast at 30,135,000 bushels or a little over twice as much as last year, and five and one-half times the average crop. Soybean prospects were said to have been likely to have improved in September as did the corn, but frosts during the last week reduced the prospects enough so that a 20.5 average appears likely now, in comparison with a 20 bushel
average of a mouth ago.
Potato production was estimated at 5,720,000 bushels, seven per cent more than average. The production of sweet potatoes was only thought to be 330,000 bushels, or 21 per cent less than average. Contrary to most production, the fruit crop is considerably less than average; commercial apples 12 per cent less at 1,392,000 bushels; peai-s^29 per cent less at 217,000 bushels; and grapes
30 per cent less at 2,800 tons.
Agrscuityraf Staff Plan
Anei&iai Conference
Having decided to cut next January’s Agricultural Conference to one and a half days,University agriculture staff is now making plans for the annual event that has attracted over nine thousand Indiana farm men and women in past years. Next year’s streamlined war con-
As a novelty at the Agricultural Conference in January, Loyal Alumnus IV will be served at one of the conference banquets. Director Harry J. Reed of the Experiment Station announced today. The animal was purchased at the close of the Livestock Exposition and taken on the two tours, but duo to the tire situation further traveling- must be abandoned. In the next few days Loyal Alumnus will be
back on the campus.
Prof. Hull Speaks At First Meeting Of Better Homes “Plan your plantings before your house is built if you would make the most pleasing picture.” This bit of advice was part of many pointers offered by Prof. R. B. Hull,
landscape extension specialist of the ference will be chiefly devoted to
parents.
Speakers for the institute will include Dr. Garry C. Myers, Chicago, associate editor of “Children’s Ac-
tivities”; Mrs. Ered Conkle, Nobles- Thursday, October 22, in Room 107 of the , n r rt Fieldhouse at 7 p. m. Election of two offiville, president oi the Indiana Oon- cers Will be held. —seaton gress of Parents and Teachers; „ . . „ , , __ T^ y-v 1 T J* Cosmo Club: Due to the lack of interest Mrs. rienry ili. Ostrom, Indianap- the picnic planned for Friday, October IG, olis* Dr F B Knig'ht Dr A A qancelled. a social meeting will
Smith, Dr. Elizabeth D. Roseberry, Dr. Harriett O’Shea, Prof. Philena Palmer, Amy I. Bloye, and Dean Matthews, all of the University staff, and Mrs. D. H. Patterson, of West Lafayette. Others to take part in the program will be Mrs. Edward Watkin, Mr. Robert F. Shank, Mrs. Harry Bain, Mrs. A. E. Hilarth, Mrs. Donald L. Henry, and
Mrs. James Murray.
Lost And Found All lost articles may be claimed or turned in fit the Student Senate Office, between 4 and 5 any afternoon. There are many lost articles to be claimed. —MOYNAHAN
Sihfle roopi for boy. One block frpm
Union. Available Nov. 1. Phone 6962.
For Sale—-Oppossum coat. Reasonable.
1115 Main Street. Phone 76784.
Lost—Slide rule in Kramer. Phone 6339.
Fieldhouse. Reward.
be held In place of the picnic in Room 304 of the Union Building on Friday at 4 :16 p. m. —TANIGAWA Distinguished Students: Distinguished students for 1942 Summer Term may collect $30 refunds at the cashier’s oiflce in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBE Personnel Room Assignments: Robbins. 302 ; Bond, 303 ; Gilley, 304 ; Neuman, 306 , at 9 a. m. Keilman, 302; Robbins, 303 ; Kaplan, 304 ; Gilley, 305 ; at 10 a. m. Neubauer, 302 ; Shronds, 803 ; Chan Ball, 304 ; Kaplan, 306 ; at 11 a. m. Dick Ball, 302 ; Booker, 303 , at 1 p. m Dick Ball, 303 ; at 2 p. m. M. A. Green, 302 ; Flaherty, 303 ; at 3 p. m. Flaheity, 302 ; at 4 p. m.
Lost—Log-log slide idle. H. R. A. 42 inscribed on case. $2.60 reward. Call
Howie at 81823.
Wanted—Students for extra work, after 4 p. m. and evenings. Apply Memorial Union Manager’s office. F. T. Mallory, night manager. ^ For Sale—Sizes 16 and 18 girls clothiug» excellent condition. Formal, day clothes, jackets, bathing suit. Phone 75481. ^
Losthandle.
-Dark blue silk umbrella with clear Reward. Phone 51154.
^ DOES YOUR P PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
University, who spoke Tuesday evening at the first of the series of fall and winter meetings of the Tippecanoe County chapter of Better Homes in America.
problems of food production. Unlike past conferences, there will be few entertainment features. The agriculture staff is formulating its plans for the coming conference
Notices
Applied Mechanics Make-ups: An examination for the lomoval of conditions in A.M. 21 and 22 will be given in room 107 of Heavilon Hall on Saturday, October 17, Iroin 1 to i p. m. See the undersigned at once. —SANDERS Cosmo Members; Picnic Friday, Oct. 16, at Murdock Park. 1 :15 to 7 p. m Party will leave Room 304 of the Union at 4:16 if enough are going, Aiji. interested be sure to call Fred Tnnigawa, 241G, before Wedneskiy afteinoon for, if theie won’t be enough going, a legular social njeeting \mI1 be held. —TANIGAWA —DALZELL .Skull and C’lescent: Imiiartant meeting: Tuc-^d.'iv, October 2U, at 7.30 p. rn. in Room 307 of the Union. - WELTY (’hcerieaders: Ropoit to the Stadium at 4 p. ni Frulay, Oclobci 16 This includes all tliobc who came out last Septcmbci. —ADAMS Lutheran Students: Round-table discussion on Sund.iy, October 18 Meet in Room 307 of the Union at 7 :30 p. m. —WALLACE Debris Business Workers: Important meeting Fiiday, October IG, at 4 p. m. Be there. —McLaughlin Wesley Foundation: "Fun Sessions” arc lots of fun. Be at Wesley Foundation at 8 pm. Fiiday. October 16. .—AVERY
OnlyBO^
No wonder our customers swear by
NAIL ffiNAMEL No -wonder Revlon is the pet of our customers! Every single color is actually “previewed” or pretested 160 times on busy •fingertips just like yours before it is bottled for you! Tested and retested for that unrivalled “stay-on” quality . , . brilliance and beauty of color , . . fastest drying time consistent with longest wear! And how you’ll thrill to America’s best loved fingertip colors . . . Windsor or Scarlet Slipper or “1942” . . . or any of Revlon’s 21 enchanting shades!
Hull’s talk was illustrated with from the results of a survey taken
Koda-chrome slides which included a number of local homes. He showed diagrams and actual photographs of good and poor arrangements and
Brooks, Kansas City, Mo.; Robert varieties of trees, shrubs, flowers, G. Bullock, Lakewood, Ohio; John walks, terraces, gardens, etc. A
among women.
Indiana farm men and
Buy War Bonds \
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
U. S. Dept, of Interior, Seattle, "W-ashington—Interested in bacteriologists. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday noon, October 19. Dunbar Manufacturing Co., Berne Indiana—Interested in M. E. and A. E. American Aviation Corp., Jamestown, New York—Interested in mathematicians. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesdky, October 20. Nekoosa - Edwards Paper Company, Port Edwards, Wisconsin— Interested in chemists. Two Weeks' Poultry Course Underway; Ends Next Week Starting last Monday and continuing for the rest of this week and next, the University is offering a poultry short course for all those who are interested. It is designed to train workers to help in the poultry industry by replacing the men who have been called into the armed forces. At the end of the two week period anyone taking the courses will be qualified to assist in the poultry business. Courses are being given in incubator operation, mixing feed and all essential steps in poultry production. At the present time there have been between thirty and forty enrollees in the coui-se, including several women. Robert Hogue, University graduate and now manager of a hatchery at Silver Lake, is helping the poultry staff in the instruction. He specializes in incubation and will ^J^monstrale on the University’s coinplete incubator system.
L. Cai-tmell, Hagerstown; Harris W. Edmonds, Youngstown, Ohio; Quentin J. Evans, Akron, Ohio; Meyer Evanson, East Chicago. David H. Fox, Everett, Ohio; Ted R. Gamble, Peoria, 111.; Norman 0. Geuder, Bei-wyn, 111.; James R. Gill, Jr., Sandborn; Donald Loren, Chicago, 111.; Robert L. Mannfeld, Indianapolis; William C. Perrin, Maywood, 111.; Oscar Meyer, Louisville, Ky.; Gilbert Mordoh, Indianapolis; George Petre, Aurora, 111.; Charles B. Ralihan, Kendallville; George E. Schmidt, Petersburg; Ross 0. Shidelei-j West Lafayette; George F. Sommer, Indianapolis; Carl W. Spalding, Richmond; Gerald K. Weinberg, Mpudison; Alan J. Weinberger, Gary; James Wheatley,
Evanston, 111.
Placement Notes
For Women
Yale University, School of Nursing, New Haven, Connecticut, which admits only women who have obtained baccalaureate degrees, is accelerating its program. A training course is being planned for next spring, to begin possibly in March or April, and applications ai-e being received now. At the end of 28-
months’ training, the student will PfQf, AlBert
I’eceive her Master of Nursing de-
gree. ... of the Electrical Engineering Anyone interested should consult stafl' has just completed “Electrical
question period followed the talk. Mrs. Chas. E. Shambaugh, president of the chapter, presided. Meetings will be held the second Tuesday of every month, Mrs. Shambaugh announced, with the next session devoted to home interior problems. F. T. Mallory Heads Night Life At Union Relieving- L. M. Vallely on the night shifts, Frank T. Mallory, of Westwood, Cal., has been named night manager of the Union. Mallory will be in charge of all eveningand night functions such as balls
and mixers.
Before coming- hero he was manager for a club in Westwood operated by a lumber company for their employees. Previous to that he hhd spent 17 years with the Santc Fo Railroad in running- their
station restaurants.
In his interview last nig-hl, the main point Mallory stressed was that he wanted to know the student body and show them- that it is his job to help them enjoy tlioir leisure
hours.
the Placement Service for Women in the Executive Building for further details.
A Waterbury, Conn., woman and her daugher who recalled the .shortage of fats during the last war and began saving fats December 7 have contributed 130 pounds of fats thus far to the present drive.
Fundamentals of Communication,” a textbook presenting the electrical fundamentals upon which communication including- tolcg-raph, telephony, and radio is based. This textbook published by the McGraw Book Company is designed for both the student and the worker. PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
dm2- nmks^
CALL A
YELLOW CAB 24 dilOWl. SsJwIoL.
5023
Phone
3071
ft