•X
if 'fiji-t
(Sht Puriluc TSxfjamnt
Pablished Dailsr by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 16, 1936
NUMBER m
Newman Club Sponsors Barnyard Hop Tonight Joe College Goes Rural At Annual Hick Frolic tn Union. McKitterick’s Band Will Play Amid a rural setting of corn stocks and pitch forks, the Barnyard Frolic will be held this evening in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 o’clock. The occasion will be one of the few informal “come as you wish” dances that will be held on the campus this year.
Bob McKitterick and his orchestra from Indianapolis will furnish the syncopation and also judge the best costume at the dance. The winner will then be awarded a prize, the nature of which will not be revealed until the presentation is made. Z-I-P Seats along the side of the dance floor will be made of milkcans with boards over them to give the Frolickers a true version of country life. A large playground slide, which will inaugurate the affair with plenty of z-i-p, will be placed at the upstairs entrance of the ballroom. Old clothes, used clothes, slightly soiled clothes—^in fact anything that will hang together will be appropriate for the occasion. Decorations Silhouettes of a farmer and a milk maiden have been placed back of the orchestra platform by members of Student Union committees. Hiram, Mirandy and all the old folks will be there in their best bib and tucker to show these here city folks how a good old fashion dance was held. The dance is sponsored annually by the Newman club.
Vogue Sponsors Career Contes^ For Senior Co-eds All women of the class of 1937 are eligible for the second annual Vogue career contest, the Prix de Pans. The winner of first prize will be awarded one full year's employment with Vogue, at least six months of which will be spent in the Paris office, with all traveling expenses-paid. Second prize will be six month’s employment on Vogue’s New York editorial staff. About 20 other outstanding contestants are usually placed on the staffs of Vogue or some other orgahization. Quizzes The contest will consist of six quizzes based on material and style ideas found in Vogue. Details of the contest may be found in this magazine and the quiz questions will be published there beginning in the November 1 issue. These subjects will be announced in the January issue. For additional information concerning this contest address Vogue’s Prix de Paris, 420 Lexington Avenue, New York City.
Club To Have Initial Meeting Wednesday The first meeting of the University Club this year will be heid next Wednesday night at 8 o’clock at the Memorial Union Building, the affair taking the form of a reception for new faculty and staff members. Trustees who will be here for their regular meeting that day and President E. C. Elliott also will be special guests. Dr. Robert Phillips is president of the club this year; Dean of Women, Dorothy C. Stratton, is vice-president and V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, is secretary-treasurer.
Agonomic Oub Dinner The Agonomic Club dinner will be held tonight in the banquet room of Wheeler’s restaurant at 6:15 p. TO, “Art” Mauch will preside as toastTOaster. Professor T. E. Maspn, who has spent one year at Camblldge, will speak about the English and American educational systems. Miss Eva Robertson will play a violin selection accompanied by Miss Joah Lloyd. M. M. Justin will discuss the history of the Agonomic Club.
Show Plans Completed Muck Crop Growers’ Ass’n Meets in Akron Plans for the Northern Indiana Muck Crops Show, which will be held in Akron November 11,12, and 13, were announced as having been completed today by Whitney K. Cast general chairman. The show will be staged in cooperation with the Northern Indiana Muck Crop Growers’ Association, the Agricultural extension department at the University, and the Akron Chamber of Commerce. Prizes Included in the show will be competitive classes for all kinds of products grown on muck land with suitable prizes offered for winners of each variety of crop. Besides the display of these products there will be an educational program including speakers of state and national reputation discussing current problems. Members of the university agricultural staff who will make talks at the show include: F. C. Gaylord, George Enfield, Kent Ellis, Roscoe E. Fraser, David Harker, Glen Lehker, and assistant director of experimental work, H. J. Reed.
Cox, Ringer Ex-’38 Wed At Sheridan Neva Cox, H. E., ex-’38, and Ralph Ringer, Pharm. ex-’38, were married Wednesday night at 7 o’clock at the home of the bride in Sheridan. The single ring ceremony was performed by Rev. Gleason of the West Side Baptist Church. The bride’s only attendant was Neva Fricke, ’38. S. K. Bell, a fraternity brother of the groom, was the best man. Following the ceremony, the young couple left for a short wedding trip, after which they will live in Indianapolis where Mr. Ringer is enrolled in the Indianapolis School of Pharmacy. Mr. Ringer is a member of Alpha Tau Omega fraternity.
Music Committee Sponsors Operetta The music room committee of the University will honor the Purdue students today, in the music room of the Union located at the east end of the main corridor on the second floor with the recorded operetta “H. M. S. Pinafore.” This is probably the best known of the Gilbert and Sullivan operettas. The operetta is recorded on nine records and it requires nearly two hours to be played, therefore all students are asked to be there not later than 4:00 o’clock.
Landon’s Cheery Greeting Wins Applause Of 3,000
With a crushed gray hat, a big smile, and a cheery greeting. Governor Alf M. Landon spoke from the rear of his train to 3,000 people of Lafayette yesterday afternoon at the Wabash depot. Prefacing his remarks with a reference to “the great Boilermaker School” and the victory over the Badgers, Landon immediately won applause from the students. Subjects Agriculture and the relief problem were the first subjects he touched upon. He said, “We do not want to take a dollar away from the working man, but we can have relief without waste, incompetence.
and political partisanship.” J “It is not an ordinary campaign, it is not a party contest, when the question of the form of government in this country arises, for then we are not Republicans or Democrats, but first of all American citizens.” Landon was introduced by Henry Marshall, publisher of the Lafayette Journal Courier. With the party were Raymond S. Springer, of Connersville, the Republican nominee fot the governorship of Indiana. Fred Stalcup and Dick Leslie, president and vice-president of the “Purdue-for-Landon Club” were introduced to Governor Landon.
YWCA To Feature Style Show At Open Meeting Next Thursday afternoon at four o’clock Y. W. C. A. will hold an open meeting in the Women’s Lounge at the Memorial Union building. The feature of the TOeeting will be a style parade given through the courtesy of the Fashion. Martha Wood, Y. W. C. A. cabinet member IS in charge of the arrangements.
Dobson To Lead Co-eds On Second Hike of Year Barbara Dobson, head of hiking, wil cohduct co-eds to W. A. A. Cabin tomorrow, on the second hike of the season. All women interested are asked to report to the Women’s Gymnasium at 2 o’clock tomorrow.
LAST CALL FOR EXPONENT FRESHMEN
Freshmen who desire to work on the Exponent must meet today at 4 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union (second floor). This call applies only to those interested in working on the editorial, sports, or co-ed staffs. —MORRIS.
Alumni To Meet In Indianapolis Annual Luncheon Served Next Thursday At Hotel Severin University alumni from throughout Indiana who will be in Indianapolis for the annual state teachers’ convention next week-end, will join with the Indianapolis alumni for a special luncheon at the Hotel Severin at 12:16 o’clock on Thursday, this meeting taking the place of the usual luncheon TOeeting of the Purdue clubs of Indianapolis. The speakers will include President E. C. Elliott of the University; Noble Kizer, athletic director, and E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary. Annual Affair A similar gathering last year drew 125 Boilermakers, both men and women, and it was decided to make the event an annual affair during the teachers’ convention. Earl Eweeney, president of the Purdue Men’s Club, and Florence Sanders, president of the Purdue Women’s organization, are heading committee arranging for the dinner meeting.
Danforth Will Award Fellowships Again Next year, Wm. H. Danforth, director of the New York Life and past president of Purina Mills, will award four week summer fellowships to outstanding juniors in the most of the major colleges. At the University the awards are given to juniors and freshmen in Agriculture and Home Economics. Last summer the University was represented by Peggy Carter, Mildred Mills, and Hughston Elijah, juniors; and Robert Cooley, freshman.
Rtith Maier, ’36, Wed To R. E. Scifres Saturday Mr. and Mrs. William Maier announce the marriage of their daughter, Ruth, to Ray E. Scifres, of Lafayette. The wedding took place at the home of the bride’s parents, October 10, 1936. Mrs. Scifres was a member of the 1936 graduating class at Purdue, where she was very active on the campus. She was a member of Mortar Board, Gold Peppers, Purdue Sportswomen, and Omicron Nu, a Home Economics honorary. Mr. Scifres, who also attended Purdue, is employed by the Ross Tool & Gear Co. After a short wedding trip, Mr. and Mrs. Scifres will be at home in their newly furnished apartment on Elk Street, Lafayette.
R. R. Banker, C. E. '32, has just accepted a position as Sales Eng ineer with the Electric Ventilating Company of Chicago, working out of the Cineinnati branch office.
Hall Program Announced Schickler Selects Representatives, Chairmen At a meeting held Wednesday night at the Women’s Residence Hall, committees were appointed, corridor representatives were elected and the social program for the year announced. The committees which were appointed by Louise Schickler, president of the Hall, are: social, Georganna Baker, chairman, Betty Bills, Janet Burton, Dorothy Hardin, Dorothy Hewitt, Mary Lee Hickman, Dorothy Johnson, Mary Johnston, Althea Jorgeson, Mary McKinley, Mary McLaughlin, Gaby D. Roe, Alice Vinson and Parker Wynn; music, Catherine Davis, chairman, Babe Bratich, Annesther Singer, Barbara Sweeney and Rhea Thomas; floral, Peggy Gran, chairman, Catherine Weisenbach and Betty Wickard; scholarship, Marti Mathes, Betty Mastem and Catherine Mounce; scrapbook, Sarah Bouton, chairman, Wilda Grayhill and Georgia Walker. Corridor Representatives Corridor representatives who also were elected, will meet with the directors of the Hall to plan activities. The representatives are: Dorothy Johnson, Martha Moorhead, Dorothy Miller, Mary Jean Sefton, from W. R. H. and Elizabeth Barnes who was elected from the Residence Hall Annex. The budget and a tentative social program were announced and approved. The following affairs will be given the first semester: Hallowe’en party. Dad’s Day tea and the Fall Formal. During the second semester a Valentine Tea Dance and a Spring Formal will be held.
Under The Mirror Book notea from, the Browsing Room
MEN OF DANGER (By Lowell Thomas) Most of us like thrills, even seek them; but did you ever realize that what might give one of us shivers up and down the spine is just everyday stuff to men who daily risk their lives in callings that take them into the very shadow of death? With Lowell Thomas in “Men of Danger,” we go six hundred fifty feet below street level, under the river itseif, where “sand-hogs” are drilling a tunnel to bring water from the Catskills to New York. Or we walk on steel girders far, far above the sidewalks and streets, which seem so safe from this dist ance up. Or else we may go with the coast patrol through heavy seas or to lonely islands where the only inhabitants are huge rats. In other strange places too, where wierd and dangerous occupations take men every working day. Thrills, yes, but every day life to these men, whose work lies in the strange places or in danger zones. If your job seems dull and uninteresting read “Men of Danger,” and even if it isn’t, read it anyway, for the picture it gives of the unusual things which must be done to make the wheels go round.
Dartmouth College alumni contributed $94,500 to the college in 1936, a new record high in contributions during a single year.
Undefeated Kizermen \ Invade Maroon Camp All Regulars In Top Shape For Chicago Coniegt;^ To Have Short Workout In Windy City Today ^ About three thousand high-spirited Boilermakers will invade Chicago University’s Stagg Field tomorrow afternoon to see their so-far victorious team test its strength against a fast Maroon combination. The game will start at 2 o’clock Chicago time or 1 o’clock Lafayette time. The squad will leave here at
noon today and will arrive in time for a short workout at Chicago this afternoon. It is indicated that Kizer will stick to the same lineup that started against Wisconsin last Saturday, with Don Powell and Bill Vergane at ends, Clem Woltman and Martin Schreyer at tackles, Forrest Burmeister and Lee Graves at guards, Capt. George Bell at center, Wayne Gift at quarterback, Fred Stalcup and John Drake at halfbacks, and Cecil Isbell at fullback. Maroons Speedy Reports from the Midway promise a light, speedy team with plenty of grit, replacing a great lack of grid tested players. The party of Purdue players that leaves here today will be made up as follows: Eftds—^Botney, Powell, Stephenson, Spehn, Steward, Vergane, and Zachary. Tackles—^Faris, Fitzgerald, WoltmaU, Mihal, and Johnson. Guards — Aronson, Burmeister, Bush, Grant, Graves, Kodros, and Maloney. Centers—^Bell, Humphrey, and Petry. Quarterbacks—Gift, Cody Isbell, Smon and McSheehy. / Halfbacks, Dean, Drake, Medley, Purdy, Purvis, Selby, and Stalcup. Pullbacks—^Ippolito, Cecil Isbell, and Juska.
Prof. Huttig Talks At AChS Meeting Prof. G. F. Huttig, of the University of Prague, Czechoslovakia, spoke on “Reactions Between Solids” before a special meeting of the A, Ch. S., Purdue section, in the chemistry building last night. Prof. Huttig’s research has been mainly in the field of Physical chemistry although his teaching work has covered the inorganic and analytic divisions as well.
Prof. Trimble To Speak At Speech Oinic Today The Speech Clinic will' hold the second of its lectmre series today at four o’clock in room 309 of Uni versity Hall. The speaker will be Professor Otis Trimble of the Division of Psychology. His topic will be “Stuttering as a Condition of Personality Adjustment.” The Speech Clinic Lecture Series is conducted under the auspices of the Purdue Speech Clinic, under the direction of Mr. M. D. Steer.
Sigma Xi Makes Grant For Dr. Jam^’ Research Dr. C. M. James of the biology department has just received word from the National Society of Sigma Xi that the Research Council has made a grant toward the purchase of a calculating machine to enable him to continue with his researches on molecular structure.
New Editor Jack C. Ohaver, senior in the school of Science, has been selected as editor of Bold and Black, Expon ent hiunor colmnn, for this year. Ohaver won the position in competitibn With three other aspirants.
Ammerman’s Band To Play Combination Band To Provide Mixer Music Those who plan to attend the mixer at the Union tomorrow night will have the pleasure of dancing to the rsrthms of John Ammerman and his band. This band, which was originally in the hands of Bill Jones the present vocalist, gained considerable fame on the campus last year. Six members of the group of twelve were formerly of Welshe’s band which was a popular local dance orchestra about six year’s ago. The price of the dance, which is scheduled from 9 to 12, is one dollar per couple.
Purdue Dads Will Meet At Banquet In Chicago Area University dads in the Chicago area who have been getting together the last two or three years for a banquet of their own to get better acquainted with each other, will join again this year in a similar party at Henrici’s restaurant on Randolph Street in Chicago, Thursday evening, October 22. There are approximately 600 of the Purdue dads in the Chicago area including those in the suburbs and northwestern Indiana and all are being invited to the meeting. Dr. Robert Phillips, advisor on Pinrdue Dads’ affairs, reported yesterday. Fathers of prospective Purdue students, also are invited to attend the Speakers President Edward C. Elliott will be the principal speaker, with Dr. Phillips scheduled for a short talk. The Purdue mixed choir directed by Mr. A. P. Stewart will make a special trip to Chicago to sing for the group. John W. Favorite, of LaGrange, 111., is president of the organization. A special request was made yesterday by Prof. Phillips for students living in the Chicago area to write to their fathers urging their attendance at the meeting on next Thursday.
Former ME Enrolls At Babson Institute Robert W. Strauss, a junior in the University Mechanical Engineering school last year, has enrolled at Babson Institute, Babson Park, Massachusetts, in the one year course. Mr. Strauss will pursue an intensive course in business administration.
Flash!
At twenty minutes bf nine last night a large meteor was observed by several students. It appeal^ to be about one-half the size of the sun. The flaming ball fell jimt south of the zenith toward the Northeast.
Generally Fair
GAME TIME CORRECTION
Contrary to' an announcement published in yesterday’s Exponent, tomorrow’s football game between Purdue and Chicago, will begin at 2 o'clock Chicago time—that is. 1 o’clock Lafayette time.
By Tempy 71(9 £iqpiQa«it WwOwr Bow* All proposed methods of getting to Chicago have failed. I got a| wire last night from the telegraph com-* pany which said I’d he sued if I tried swinging from pole to pohk If I wasn’t law ahidhig. they’d have to pur-suo me to stop my going that way. But I’ve decided to stay at homo and listen to Quo game ov»* or the radio using nqf nMOVelona tail for an aoriaL The weather wBI I he gonemdly fair today.
i 4 *i'
> 'i
'4^^^V*1•' . ' I
if
S- li.'
t ;>
Bote Two
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 16,1936
Was I Offensive Enough
Today?
At the close of each day’s activtties during the World War, American officers were required to make out a report. One of the questions asked them read,
“Was I oifensive enough today ?”
A few years ago University psychologists studied exceptionally successful Purdue graduates from the engineering schools to determine their chief characteristics. Aggressiveness and enthusiasm were pre-. ceded in frequency and strength only by originality and first-class personal appearance. Many college students prepare a list of tasks to be done each day; the list may include reading a book, finishing a report, writing a letter, making or meeting an appointment. Applying the army practice these students would oblige themselves also to make a report of their work at the end of the day. They would ask themselves, “Was I offensive enough today ?” with an interpretation substantially, “Did I meet each task
punctually and squarely ?”
An aggressive. or offensive person develops the habit of clearing his path of obstacles as they appear. He eliminates waste of time by making decisions without hesitation and avoids worry by discharging
unpleasant duties immediately.
If aggressiveness and enthusiasm are of prime importance in determining an engineer’s success, then the engineer can profit by asking himself daily, “Was I offensive enough today?”—R. P. M.
Oh, Yeah?
A recent bulletin from London states that an agreement for the humanization of submarine warfare will be signed by Great Britain, the United States, Japan, France, and Italy. It is hardly the position of this column to doubt the intentions of such great nations, but the announcement is somehow reminiscent of certain similar agreements entered into before the great European War. Several times a year comes Word of similar pacts. Pacifists and humanitarians with good intentions as well as authoritative committees make agreements, which, if not violated, would take some of the horrors from war. However, past experience in these matters indicates that these pacts are of little value since no effective method of enforcement is provided. Germany violated international law with her submarine attack during the World War. Other nations violated other rules just as flagrantly. Italy is said to have violated laws concerning gas attacks during the recent Ethiopian annexation. As far back as history goes nations have violated pacts during the stress of war conditions. Is it therefore reasonable to believe that the proposed agreement will do any rpore than call to the attention of an apathetic public, that another pact has been made to be brdken when the next war comes ? -J. E. B.
Readers’ Opinions
Tha Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Campus Traditions
To the Editor: The oldest tradition is that of no smoking whatsoever on the campus. It is widely observed in all institutions that profess to entertain a degree of loyalty. No student at all walks through the “Heavilon Hall Tower”. Enter the tower only when going into the building. When walking across the campus a Boilermaker keeps to the walks and gives the grass a chance. Only upperclassmen wear mustaches. Any underclassmen wearing them are liable to rough treatment with no chance for appeal. Out of respect for athletes, no sweater or sweat shirt is worn on the campus unless under a coat or other garment. Upon matriculating at Purdue, a student leaves all remnants of high school insignia behind.
The Reamer club is publicizing the traditions of the University as information to the new students and as a reminder to the old, and we hope that all Boilermak-
$ari)ue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936 Member 1937 Pbsocided GDlie6icite Press
Distributors of
Golle6iateDi6esf
Member of National CoUeare Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association . ExclusiTely Represented by National Adyertisinsr Seryice, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second clus matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by mail, $3.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 par year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone'6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Edttor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor— — E. H. Morris AMOciate Editors— K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF Sports Bditor.-.i — ,..L. D. Wood Assbeiate Sports Flditors W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager,-.—— — ...... National Advertising Manager Loeal Advertising Manager Oireulation Manager..
_..R. J. Hulse .... L. H. Brown ......D. 0. Miller ...J. P. Girard
NdBor.
WOMEN'S STAFF
.;...,..Helen Creech — Betty Barnett
Jeanne Janou'sek, Doris McCartney,
■ til - ■
Elizabeth Pyke
Issue Bditw—J. R. Clark
ers will accept them in the serious light in which the students of past years have fostered and obeyed them. In a practical sense traditions are not a necessity, nor perhaps even a luxury, as far as book-learning is concerned. But there is mOre to a University than classrooms—there is an undefinable something known as “School Spirit,” which can not exist without the support of time honored customs and practices which have been carried down through the years until they have become traditions. . ^ An institution without traditions is little more than a grist mill which mechanically grinds out men and women with a “College degree and a knowledge of facts. And the products of a grist mill are roughly cut and lack polish and refinement to a large extent. No one receives any material gain out of the wearing of green caps by freshmen, or the shaving of mustaches by underclassmen, or from any of the many cherished traditions, but everyone affected does receive a wealth Of spiritual gaiii and School Spirit. Traditions are ^^ot the result of student or faculty legislation, but are the product of time and custom. As such they are not to be disregarded by those who are not accustomed to them and perhaps consider them an infringement of their privileges. WHEN AT PURDUE DO AS THE BOILERMAKERS DO. —L. 0. Buxton, president of Reamer Club.
Cloistered Youth And The
Political Scene
The student, living a life apart, is of necessity out of touch with those phases of political life which involve his family and friends who are out in the world. His role is more that of the “looker-on” than that of the active participant, and because of this he can be the most unprejudiced and abstract of voters, or the most indifferent and ignorant of men. Cloistered in the walls of an institution of learning, national affairs mean little t6 him unless they are of great importance, and when h^ is finally confronted with an issue of the magnitude of a presidential elec-, tion, it is possible for him to vote with a “what-difference-does-it-make?” attitude, following the lead of hiS friends and family, or he can face the election seriously, objectively, critically, eager to discover what seems to him the best party and the strongest leader. Looking at the political scene today the student finds himself in contact with two especially forceful personalities, President Franklin D. Roosevelt and Governor Alfred Landon. Listening to their speeches, he is impressed with the former’s strength and confidence, with the latter’s energy and sincerity. He is confronted with a bewildering array of issues, some of them truly important, some of them “red herrings,” and he must attempt to sift these to the best of his ability. He bears phrases from both parties which have a ring of truth in all of them, and yet he is certain that some of them must be at lejast in part exaggerated. He hears on the one hand that he must “save the old American system,” and on the other hand that he must “choose between liberalism and discarded political oligarchy.” He feels far away from these matters, closer to his campus elections than to those of his nation, ignorant of the undercurrents of the campaign; and yet, if he is young and intelligent and alert, he and others like him, the cloistered youth of the nation, will receive the challenge of citizenship with willing hands, searching eyes, and an honest desire to find the best and most hopeful way.—The Kentucky Kernel.
Opiaion
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions art solely those of the writer.
Humor
Humor is a necessity in everyday life. Without humor and puns (I put puns in a separate class) our days would indeed be long and dreary. With this thought in mind, this column today is going to be turned over to the “funnier things in life”. (Pun.) The two anecdotes presented this morning were stolen from another publication, and both concern slips in the printing business. There was a conventional bachelor who gave an interview to his local newspaper. Through a proofreader’s slip the following was printed: “Weakending is a terrible bore. I prefer spending my week-ends in my own comfortable apartment in the city to visiting at places where I have to mix cocktails in the panties of my feminine friends.” And then there was the printer who became intoxicated and wrote the following bill for a community sale: “Twenty-five cows, broke to work; 41 head of cultivators, coming in soon; 10 head of shoveling boars, with scoops by side; 8 pianos, mares; 120 rods canvas belting, better than new; DeLaval cow, with ice cream attachment; McCormick binder, in foal; Poland China bobsled, due to farrow in April; 14 head of chickens with grass seed attachments, in very good working order; 2 J. I. Case riding heifers, good as new; spraying outfit, can be ridden by children; 15 billy goats, 70 bushels capacity with spraying nozzle and other attachments; many other articles too numerous to mention, which 1 expect to get at night between now and date of sale.”
Exponent Platform
1.
2. Establish student SELF-Govemmeiit. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
BOB NORTON is rushing pretty little freshman BARBARA SWEE-NEY—-there are some extensive plans for this Week end where these two are concerned—they are rather bashful about their puppy love and are trying to keep the trip a secret by acting as if lihey weren’t going together ... how serious is this affair concerning Pi Phi Prexy McCARTNEY and RUTHIE LOVE’S little boy MARION going—they seem to be going to all doings together or something .. .
Who said that JOHNNY BRUBAKER is an amateur lover . . .
MARION LENNOX has GEORGE McCullough’S pin but that isn’t the !fuli extent of her love ... he even has her going on his paper route with him in the wee hours of the morning ... Delt pledge BILL SHIPLEY is driving a brand new puddle jumper around and naturally the females of this here campus are Chasing the car—there seem to be plans upon his part to take a certain Alpha Chi soph, to Chicago with him—what will the result be ... .
CHICAG-0 Here’s hoping The game-o In your fair to\tn-o YEA PURDUE-OH-OH
After asking the advice of DOC MILLER concerning his very independent Theta girl-friend—a certain Phi Delt purchased a ten-cent diamond and placed it in a beautiful box with a Ninety dollar price tag on it—this very haughty little gal said no—now said boy is right back where he started from ...
When MARY ELLEN FORESMAN was asked recently concerning necking she said she was agin it—she stated also that there is a time, place and person for everything—so—maybe Purdue ;is the place, the time—well, anytime, and the person—one never knows until one tries ... MARY HUFFINE has got it bad—she likes a certain Delt pledge so much that she Voluntarily goes to the Alpha Chi house every evening right after school just so she can se her GEORGIE pass as the band goes by—even the possibility of having work to do doesn’t phase her . . .
Just what kind of a publicity stunt was it that dear Sigs SPENCER and PARSONS were trying to pull when they barged into the Chi O House with a little purp (dog to most of you) and invited themselves to dinner ...
ROGER DeLONG says that he owes all that he is or ever will be to BETTY BARNETT ...
MARS CONTEST MARS This column loves the pure but simple dirt—so—the MARS passes will be awarded to the person who each week hands in to ye olde editor the best doit, concerning our
FOR new—SMART
CABS
Gall 2151 Radio-Equipped
DeLuxe Cab Co.
Corner Fifth & Ferry
GRIN AKD BEAR IT
By Lichty^
“This is the first job Tve had in two years an’ I gotta taper off gradually.”
dear students—this copy may be in the form of plain dirt written as such or in verse with an explanation attached-turn in at the EXPONENT box at the UNION DESK —^be sure your name or some fictitious monogram is attached . .j. MARS CONTEST MARS
POME Bales and bales of yellow hay. Cows moo, and horses nay. Boys and girls are all so gay And “for what ? ” you say— The BARNYARD FROLIC Don your oldest ragged clothes Be a hick from head to toes That’s the way a farmer goes To the BARNYARD FROLIC Down the litle chute you all may slide You’ve never had a betetr ride Gome and get your kinks untied At the BARNYARD FROLIC The Newman club on Friday night Says UNION Ballroom is the site For lots of fun-yes, that’s right The BARNYARD FROLIC My advice I hope you fuller Come along and whoop and holler It’ll cost you just one dollar At the BARNYARD FROLIC —Alice Keeley.
Prof. Kraybill Elected Chairman of Food Chem.
Purdue has been honored by the election of Prof. Henrir R. Kraybill as chairman of the Division of Agricultural and Food Chemistry of the American Chemical Society. At the society’s ninety-third meeting in Chapel Hill, N. C., next April, he will direct arrangements for the national symposia in this field. Prof. Kraybill is the head of the Agricultural Chemistry department at the University.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR; PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
New MAIN
BIG DOUBLE FEATURE TODAY - SATURDAY
“Two Against the World”
with . HUMPHERY BOGART Plus Second Feature “Frisco Waterfront” with BEN LYON - ROD LA ROQUE \ HELEN TWELVETREES
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY
CHESTER MORRIS in “Moonlight Mnrder”
BOB STEELE ‘No Man’s Range’
“Clntching Hand”
WRH Group Converses In French At Dinner
Miss Roberta Connolley, W. R. H.^ Chaperon, is directing the French conversation table at the Women’s Residence Hall. Girls who are now enrolled in French classes may sit there and converse each week-day evening except Friday, Miss Connolley spent a year in Paris studying French after receiving her A. B, degree from Smith College. James Brown, head W. R. H. waiter, serves the table “en Francaise.” Plans are being made for a Germanl table as soon as a director is found.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a
COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LUMA
TODAY - SATURDAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
mram
LEW AYRES* GAIL PATRICK
gEUWWANTSTOKILL
thcMANWHO LIVED TWICE
RALPH BELLAIVIY
A COLUMBIA PICTURE
FAMILY
TODAY - SATURDAY
c
DOUBLE FEATURE
A
LIBI
FOR
Murder
with MARGUERITE CHURCHILL WILLIAM GARGAN
CHARLES STARRETT
“CODE OF
THE RANGE”
TODAY- - SATURDAY
THE “BACK STREET" OF 1936!
!(Fi«adie BARTHOLOMEW ilackie COOPER Mickey ROONEY
Plus
“The Backyard Broadcast’ Musical Revue
“I Love to Singa” CARTOON IN COLOR
'§Friday, October 16,1936
THE PUKDUE EXPONENT
Hoosier Team Seeks Third Straight Win McMillin Expects Hard Game; Squad Works Heeding the well known cry of “Go West youngs man, go West,” Indiana’s gridmen started the long trek to Nebraska yesterday afternoon where they will tackle the Cornhuskers tomorrow in an effort to increase their two wins in two tries to three out of three. Hoosiers Practice in Earnest Coach A. N. (Bo) McMillin sent \ the varsity through practice this /' week with the freshmen eleven who used the plays that the Hoosiers will probably meet this Saturday. The similarity of the freshman attack to that of Nebraska was heightened by the fact that they were dressed’ in shirts bearing the numbers of players on the Nebraska team, so as to get the Bo’men acquainted thoroughly with the position of each opposing player in all of the different plays. The return of Swede Clasen to practice Tuesday after being kept on the sidelines during the first two tilts because of an ankle injury was a boon to Indiana’s backfield strength. It is almost certain that he will be used against the powerful Cornhuskers this weekend McMillin Expects Tough Game In true coaching style, McMillin said, when asked as to the outcome of Saturday’s game, “If Minnesota couldn’t score against Nebraska until the final minute of play, what do you expect Indiana to do?” The starting lineup for the Hoosiers will probably be as follows: Beasley and Kenderine, ends; Capt.
Nothing finer for your club meeting than our chocolate drink—served hot or cold.
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
Union Billiard Room Seeks New Talent Among Students; Offer Prizes In order to uncover new talent in making up teams to represent the Univerdty in intercollegiate competition, the Billiard Room in the Union is offering weekly prizes for the highest runs in billiards, 14.1 pocket billiards, and rotation pocket billiards. To give the novices more opportunity to win. Class A players have been ruled ineligible. Competition for this week closes at 10 p. m., Saturday, October 17. Last week the winners of the three different games were respectively: a tie at 17 for iD. A. Boatright and H. Brewer, W. W. Morris, 78, and E. Ambrosen, 20.
Kizer, Elward To Broadcast ‘Nobe’ With Sinclair Program; ‘Mai’ WGN “Nobe” Kizer, head football coach and “Mai” Elward of the coaching staff will be heard over the air tomorrow evening after the Chicago game. “Nobe” will broadcast over the Sinclair sports review with Red Grange, former Illinois star at 9:30 p. m. “Mai” Elward will be interviewed by Quin Ryan at 8:15 p. m. over radio station WGN.
Games Tomorrow
Chicago vs. Purdue Iowa vs. Illinois Minnesota vs. Michigan Northwestern vs. Ohio State Nebraska vs. Indiana Notre Dame vs. Wisconsin
HORSESHOE TOURNAMENT
Competition starts next week in the all campus horseshoe tournament. All entrants must sign up on the bulletin board in the gymnasium. Action will begin Monday and Tuesday as each competitor pitches two rounds the first night.
Del Sasso and Livingston, tackles; Dileo and Sirtosky, guards; Miller, center; Huffman quarterback; Eads and Clasen halves, and Fowler at fullback.
Purdue Memorial Union GRILL-LOUNGE Friday, October 16,1936 MENU
Serving 7:30 a. i|[i.-12:00
Breakfast 7:30-11 KM)
Noon Lunch 11:30-1:00
Evening Dinner 5:30-7:30
35c Special Plate Lunch 35C Friday Noon Fried Boneless Perch with Tartar Sauce Long Branch Potatoes Fresh Cauliflower Hot Rolls with Purdue Butter Coffee, Tea, Milk or Buttermilk
Try our three-course dinners—served in an appetizing manner—-they'll really satisfy both your hunger and your pocketbook.
ielder’s.... ....choice ■.By Bob Walpole ic
Number 78, first string right halfback, John William Drake . . . called “Ducky” at the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house a senior, majoring in history in the Physical Education school . . . —^fc— John stands 6 feet, 1 inch in his stocking feet ... he tips the scales at 206 pounds . . . and he would rather play football than eat . . . next to that he likes dancing, but refrains during the football season. —^fs— Drake was born in Chicago on March 27, 1916, v^hich makes him 20 years, seven months, and twenty days old ... as a s 0 p h 0 m ore regular on the 1934 Boilermaker football team he was the youngest regular player in the Big Ten conference at 18 . . at 21 he hopes to be playing football at West Point for it is his big ambition to go to Army after graduating as a Boilermaker. . . —fc— John graduated from Bowen High School with a remarkable athletic record . . . three letters in track, and three more in football ... as a track man, he ran the dashes, and put the shot ... as a gridder he played fullback ... in fact lie was fullback all through his high school and college football career until this season when Coach Kizer shifted him to a new post of right halfback .... —^fc— His senior year at Bowen, Drake won all-state honors as a backfield ace . . . his freshman year here he won the gold watch annually given to the freshman showing the most progress ... last year he won a very valuable Elgin watch as a member of the Elgin All-American football team . . . —fc— “Ducky” is one of six children ... although he regard his home as Chicago, his folks have lived in Bridgeport, Connecticut for the last two years . . . —^fc— You have undoubtedly seen him on the campus in the role of a candy man ... he frequents the fraternity houses as the campus representative for the Beech Nut Corp. . . . and what’s more, he eats his own product .... —fc— John’s hobby is boating, with special emphasis on the sailing end of the sport. . . movies are part of his curriculum . . . Irene Dunne is his favorite movie actress . . . —fc— Drake has his mind set on defeating Minnesota and Indiana, not to mention the remainder of the Boilermaker scheduled teams ... in the game with Chicago tomorrow. Ducky will be playing against one of his Bowen teammates, Gillerlain . . . John was a member of the 1937 Junior Prom Committee, and he is a member of Gimlet . . . —fc— And so ends our dissertation on Purdue’s right halfback. Number 78 John William (Ducky) Drake . . .
Looking Backward
October 16, 1935. Jeanne Beeemer, Kappa Alpha Theta and Sally McDermid, Chi Omega, are elected freshman representatives to the W. S. G. A. executive board. Dr. C. L. Porter, of the University pathology department, addresses a dinner meeting of the Indiana section of the Society of American Bacteriologists in the Memorial Union Building. T. R. Johnston, University publicity director, speaks at Sigma Delta Chi mating. Butler thinly-clads defeat Purdue cross-country team 25 to 80, in a dual meet. A. C. Bodeau wins ward crosscountry race with N. C. Kraft finishing second. F-1, E-2, and H-8 tie in interbattery swimming meet. ^
A survey at the U. of Maryland showed that sororities with the lowest scholastic averages were well above the frats boasting the highest marks.
100 Freshmen Out For Basketball; More Expected About one hundred freshmen have reported so far at the freshman basketball practice and more are expected to report at the close of football practice. Each night there are several short scrimmages. The frosh team has scrimmaged against the varsity every evening and although they are beaten each time, they show plenty of spirit and are always willing to try again. Coach “Piggy” Lambert has some very good material to pick from this year including many brilliant prep school stars. It is too early yet to tell who will be cut from the squad, but all the freshmen are doing their best to remain after the big knife is swung.
Jay Berwanger has turned scribe. The great Maroon is doing a series on inside football for the Chicago Daily News which is really enlightening to football fans. Jay has shied away from pro football.
Year Book Adopts Candid Camera Crew Bob Case, Editor of the University of Missouri yearbook, annexed a crew of amateur photographer's to assist the official photographer in securing candid camera shots for the Savitar next year. While no results had as yet been apparent. Case expressed every hope of having some good shots before long.
Be Sure To Look
COME ON EUSTACE, THIS IS A SHORT CUT !
TOUCHBALL !
Pedestrians killed last year crossing la the middle of the block could well heve taken the time to ask the question that the pedestrian shown above Is raising with his “come Uther” friend. A short cut to where? That’s Mrtlnent. Very likely few of fb.9 4,800 pedestrians who were killed yrhen they orossed the street in the middle qf the block lastyear stopped tp ask themselves such a question. Many of them would have been better o% if they had. Aooordlng to a study by the Travelers Insurance Company, the rate of death last year per pedestrian accident which happened when a person orossed in the middle of the block was 200 per cent worse than when the crossing was made at the intersection with the "Oo” sigpal.
Joseph University a la 1936 Precisely tailored to a young man’s taste by Wilson. They fit—they wear and they’re very much Esquire. Note Joseph catching Femme’s eyes I Also see the new Wilson shirts with dark bodies and white collar and cuffs. (Choose your own coRar). $1.95 and up ADVANCE GUARD FASHIONS by Wilson Brothers Baltimore Clothes Shop
Qiose, w.tk.
The list of men ineligible for touchball competition has been posted on the bulletin board in the gymnasium. Athletic managers are requested to check their lists in order to avoid any trouble in the future.
Football Board To Award Pens The All-America board of football, composed of Christy Walsh, sports editor and syndicate writer, and the following coaches: “Pop” Warner, Temple; Howard Jones, of Southern California; Elmer Layden of Notre Dame; and Frank Thomas of Alabama, anyounce that they will award a Parker Vacumatic pen to each of the ten outstanding players each week for nine weeks of the season. Each pen awarded will be inscribed with the words, “All-America Rating” and will be accompanied with a card of merit. From the ninety players receiving these pens, an All-America team of 1936 will be chosen.
John Stuart Curry, famed artist of the soil, is now an “artist in residence” at the University of Wisconsin.
Lailay^fte Bowlers Defeat Campas Fimnen 'The Purdue Union howling devotees recently staged their fiirst match with a team representing the Lafayette bowling alley. The Lafayette team, led by “Red" Lindstrom, defeated the Union pinmen, who were led by Leahy and Stucky, Interest in this type of match seems to be gaining, and since a return engagement is being planned, the University bowlers welcome all additions to their team who may aid in avenging their defeat. j ^
QUICK PICK'VP FOR IRED EYES
Wont to §!v« your •yesofimUseMurino. Soothing, refreshing to hot, tired, reddened eyes. Great for eyes irritated by reading, dust, wind, smoke, or light glare. Use it doily. For FVFQ
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPowENT
Guess the number of beans in jar and win a $19.90 Radio FREE
Your chance to guess must be in today (Friday) at 4 p. m.
WATCH OUR WINDOW AND SEE THE BEANS COUNTED Southworth’s
SPECIAL TRAIH Purdue vs. Chicago Leave Lafayette 8:00 A. M. Saturday, Oct. 17
$ F40 IRound Trip Tickets good returning on all trains Saturday, October 17th, and Sunday, October 18th. Trains depart from Chicago as follows: 9:20 P, M. and 11:45 P. M. Saturday, October 17th, 9:55 A. M., 1:45 P. M., 9:20 P. M. and 11:45 P. M. Sunday, October 18th. Our 53rd Street Station Is Only Three-Fourths , of a Mile from Stagg Field
For Full Particulars Call
BIG
RAILROAD New York Central System A. E* Yaneey, C« F« O.T. A* Phone 6303
.>t4
'W:-4>, '
B111C6 Pour.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
SOO TICKETS $1.00 , 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced-Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Jr'’ i#i''
bll'.'-'
IX ■
9-' \ '
i^-
'0ii' iX'' ,1'
BOOTS Bom
College gSils adim them! Smart wo* men emTwhere are wearing them! You can't go through the season smartly without them I
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MA CHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Chiffrobe (walnut finish) has place for clothes on one side and good drawee space on the other, ’10, Flat top desk, cost new $40, can hardly be told from new at a bargain. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 No. 6th Street.
Passengers — To Chicago for game then to South Bend, returning Sunday. Cole 4006.
Wanted—Boy or girl alto sax and drummer for campus band. Call Schilling 6067.
NOTICES No noticw accoiiteil after 8 p. m.
[They're the newest, youngest, |gpmnde8t idea of the season! Paris is wild about them. Lon* don accepted them. New York ! diows them in every smart shoe •hop. We have them first, here*-and of course youTl want to be first to wear them. In suede, they fit like a glove*-aDd wear wonderfully. Shoe—Downstairs Loeb & Hene Co.
Read The Exponent
Physics—Condition examination for physics 1, 2, 21, and 22 wili be held October 17 from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 103, Physics Bldg. —ABBOTT.
Co-ed Tennis—^These games must be played before Oct. 16 :B. Barnes vs. M. Long, F. Beickle vs. E. Barnes, M. Walker vs. M. Jenkins, R. Jackson vs. L. Thompson, R. Randall vs. G. Walker, M, Mathes vs. E. Thomas, M. Wilson vs. M. Kidd, G. Elliott vs. M. DeWitt, A. Breitwiser vs. M. Pell, L. Mills vs. C. Forman, M. Mohler vs. B. Pickett, B. Kernel vs. M. Stocker. —RIETH.
Independents—All interested in debating or Beveridge cup contest must see Don Housekeeper, phone 8009, as soon as possible. Independents entering Beveridge contest must sign up vrith him. —WHITE.
Men’s Lockers—Men who have lockers in main locker room and are not using them please turn keys in to intramural office and receive your $2.00. —CLEVETT. A. S. M. E.—^Mechanicals who have not yet signed up for membership may do so in G. A. Young’s office. —WELDY.
Basic Students—^Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFORD.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 25 at 8:30 a. m. —PITTMAN.
Home Ec Women—^Meet in H. E. auditorium at 4 for Virginia C. Meredith club meeting. —WIEN.
Skull and Crescent—Meeting Oct. 16 at 7:15 in Union. Important. —FENSTBRMAKER.
Y. W. C. A. Music—Important meeting in the office at 4 p, m. Oct. 16. —WIEN.
DAD*S PLACE Guarantees everything to be as fresh as it is possible to procure. If anything proves unsatisfactory, bring it back and exchange it or get your money. Our place is small, but it is efficiently arranged to give you prompt service.
All Kinds of Coal
RUSK COAL CO
We Specialize in DEEP VEIN COAL Phone 5741
ODORLESS HAT CLEANING
Now is hat cleaning time—lust before wintor sets in upon us. By our special process, we return your hats, ^eanod and blocked, odorless. West Side Cleaners
222 North
Phone 4081
The type of driver illustrated here 1b not uncommon, as he can be seen "doing his stuff” most any time, and especially upon a street or highway when a lot of traffic Is in line. That this driver is a danger not only to himself and the occupants of his car but to every user of the highway la shown by the record of automobile accidents for last year. There were nearly 20,000 accidents
caused by the "cuttlng-ln” driver last year, and according to statistics of the Travelers Insurance Company, there were nearly 500 deaths and more than 22,000 persons Injured In 1934 as a result of such a practice. The optimistic driver believes In taking a chance, while the pessimist may have a sadder but surely a longer life.
Pnrdue Engineer—^Following men report to office at 9 p. m. Oct. 16: Applegard, Lowman, Sittig, Rohn, Prechter, Bradfield, Skachinske, Langohr. —GILBERT.
Y. W. C. A.—Important meeting of the literature group Oct. 16 at 4 p. m. in the Y. W. C. A. office. —KLEIN.
Y. W. C. A.—Important meeting of the program committee Oct. 16 at 4 p. m. in the Y. W. C. A. office. —MclNTOSH.
W. A. A.—Hike Oct. 17. Leave Women’s Gym at 2 p. m. —DOBSON.
Purdue Engineer—Following men report to office at 4 p. m. Oct. 16: Applegard, Sitting, Lowman, Rohn, Prechter, Bradfield, Skachinske, Langohr. Correction—4 p. m., not 9 p. m. at appeared in yesterday’s issue. —GILBERT.
W. A. A. Hockey—Open practice at 4 on Oct. 16. —THOMPSON.
Military Ball Committee—Meeting in the cadet officers room at 4 Oct. 16. —BAKER.
Union Sophomores—Our committees will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p, m. Oct. 16. —RIE’^H, SCATTERDAY.
Column For Clubwomen (By Eleanor Benton) The annual guest meeting of the Monday Club is to be held Monday October 19, at 2:30 o’clock, at Earlhurst, the home of Mrs. Charles Benedict Stuart and Mrs. Thomas Arthur Stuart on Union Street. A paper will be given by Mrs. G. Stanley Meikle.
Bread for breakfast do6s not have to be served as plain toast every day. Once in awhile serve milk toast, French toast, or yesterday’s muffins or biscuits, split, toasted and buttered. '
Members of the Tourist Club will be entertained Monday, October 19, at 2:30 o’clock at the Community House. Mrs. Morris Parks will be the speaker on “Unabated Taxation.”
Prunes are back in fashion as a breakfast favorite; and raisins or dates cooked with cereal vary its flavor.
A supper meetilig will be held by the West Lafayette Musical Club at 6:30 o’clock, Tuesday, October 20, at the homed of Mrs. Har ry Reed, 1025 N. Vine, West Lafayfette.
Put the limburger next to the buttet ill the refrigerator—^there is no harm done if they are wrapped in cellophane food bags. Cut fruits are kept from drying out in the dame Way.
The Sorosis Club will hold its Teg ular meeting on Thursday, October 22, at 2:30 o’clock. Mrs. VlT, B. Dearing will be hostess at her home at 2217 N. 22nd Street, and the after' noon’s program will be in charge of Mrs. Guy Miller.
The least expensive desserts are bften very delicious. Bake an apple “Brown Betty,” and serve with a milk sauce flavored with sugar and cinnamon. Add “red-hots” to the center of baked apples, or to applesauce.
The Gamma Phi Betas, at Oregon State College', had to seat their “rushed, ones” on planks stretched across saw horses because the house was being remodeled at the time.
Add Color To Your Food Bring Cheery Atmosphere To Dining Room (By Marian Kidd) October is a month of beauteous colors, so why not become conscious of color in your food too? Let's bring that cheery atmosphere into the dining room. There are so many colorful vegetables and fruits that can be used in interesting motifs. Pood, naturally dull in color, ihay be brightened up with touches of lemon, sliced tomatoes, pineapples, or greenery. The Woman’s Home Companion on its food calendar for October has some colorful ideas. For example, this calendar suggests that tiny molds of cranberry jelly be arranged on drained pineapple slices and used as an accompaniment to your favorite meat dishes, or, with your favorite dressing this would make a grand salad to serve at an October bridge luncheon. Idea Here is another colorful idea. Cut gelatin in cubes, pile in sherbet glasses on top of peeled sections of oranges. Then pour a chilled soft custard over it. Remember this is the month of rosy red apples. Why not fill some especially bright ones with diced oranges, pineapple, seedless raisins and a dash of cider. Serve this cold for a salad, or an appetizer. October always brings to mind black cats, witches, pumpkins, and the inevitable pumpkin pie.
WE HAVE A VARIETY OE DELICIOUS BAKERY GOODS
GRAVE'S
OUAUTT bakery We Cater to Sororities and Fraternities
Read The Exponent for College News
You can rely on Peter Anderson's service. Every car leaves our shop with your order done to perfection. We are equipped to give your automobile in any line—body, motor, or other minor repairs. Let Doc do it!
AUTO BODY WORK FENDER WORK PARTS—ACCESSORIES—PARTS TIRES BATTERIES Peter Anderson Co.
525 Alabama
24 HOUR SERVICE
Phone 4048