THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Fair and warmer today. Tomorrow cloudy and cooler.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY October 28,1939 Lafayette/ bidiona VoL 50 No. 39
irvanMauryWill Play For Squad Entrains For Iowa
Barnyard Frolic Tonight
Swinging out to the music of Irvan ‘ Maury’s orchestra, costumed ^ farmers and farmerettes will dance at the Barnyard Frolic tonight amid shocks of com and hay. < Entrance to “John Purdue’s Barn” will be provided by way of the main doors to the Unipn ballroom and also via a 40-foot hay chutd slide extending from the second floor * balcony to the ballroom floor. Use of the chute will be unlimited during the entire evening. Decoratio'ns ^ Decorations will be in keeping with the barnyard atmosphere. Pumpkins and shocks of corn and hay will lend a Hallowe’en festival ^ air to the ballroom and the costumes of the merrymakers will be in harmony. Prizes will be awarded to both the best and the worst dressed couples. The slow rocking style of rhythm and novel swing renditions of Irvan Maury’s campUs band, with Darlene Mahns singing the vocals, will sway the frolickers from nine f until midnight. Sponsored annually by the Newman Club, the Barnyard Frolic is limited to 500 couples. Tickets are ^ on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk at one dollar per couple. Full House Sees • 'Room Service' A full house laughed for two hours last night at “Room Service” on its < second night in Fowler Hall. Dick I Fink, as Miller, the play producer, and Lou Morrison, Binion, his director, supplied most of the humor in t their attempt to evade eviction from the White Way Hotel. The play evolves around the attempt of Miller to produce “Good- ^ speed” without money. When he lands on a $15,000 rubber check he decides to produce the play before the check can be cleared. The last f act is packed with laughs as Miller and his assistants try to stall olT hotel managers. To do so, Davis, the author, com- < mits suicide. “Take it slow, Davis, it’s got to last two and a half hours” admonishes Miller. And Davis labors to stretch his death out so the play can finish. He will marry after ’ the performance. The play, is at the last minute, backed by the Senator. Davis’ play is a success, and l^iller and his cast < are not evicted.^ Tonight and tomorrow the curtain will be raised at 8 o’clock, and no^^ (One will be seated except between ^ acts. Scientists To Convene Here Lasting three days, the fiftyfourth annual meeting of the Indi- ^ ana Academy of Science will get under way with registration in the main lobby of the Union Building from 7:00 to 9:00 p. m., Thursday, < November 3. The folio-wing morning, the convention will begin with a general assembly fn Eliza Fowler Hall at t 9:30 a. m.; Prof. F. C. Hockema, Assistant to the President, will give the welcoming address, and Stanley Coulter, Dean Emeritus of Purf due University, will read the Necrology. A tribute of praise to Joseph Charles Arthur, Professor Emeritus of Botany, will be read by Ray C. Friesner, Professor of Botany, at Butler University. In the evening at 6:00, the annual dinner will be held in the ball room < of the Union Building. Prof, George,,, ... head of electrical engineering research department was removed to the Home Hospital yesterday « noon for an emergency appendicitis operation. His condition last night was reported as being very good. <
Clash Of Parties Enlivens Student Forum Discussion Last night’s Tau Kappa Alpha forum, launched as a panel on the party system of government, branched off into a very heated discussion of Socialism and its quarrel with the capitalistic system supported by the Democratic and Republican parties. Roy E. Burt, executive secretary of the Socialistic party of the United States, flung t'he challenge of “A new social order” to Harry P. Schultz, Democrat, and Charles H. Robertson, Republican, who shared the platform with him. “The two major parties have outlived their usefulness. They are dedicated to an outmoded system and are inseparable from it,” stated
Burt.
In reply, Schultz pointed to the successful operation of the “outmoded systems” for the past 150 years and asked for working proof of the practicality of Socialism. Robertson, Republican, took issue not only with Burt but with Schultz as well, and took several playful jibes at the experiments of the New Deal. Neither Robertson nor Schultz saw any cause for the concern over the capitalistic system felt by Burt. The audience participated actively in the discussion, and opinions both supporting and opposing Burt were given from the floor. Following adjournment, a general get-to-gether was held in the lounge, where an opportunity was provided for the crowd to meet the guest speakers.
Rf. Rev. Msgr. Sheen To Open First Religious Convocation Of Year in Fowier Haii Sunciay Opening the season’s Religious Convocations next Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, Right Reverend Monsignor Fulton John Sheen, noted author, lecturer, preacher, and member of the Department of Philosophy at the Catholic University of America, Washington, D. C., will speak on “Democracy and,Religion.” - " —. i .n.
SwmqjSJtMAiu... . .. Marion Mann, vocalist with Bob Crosby’s orchestra, who will appear at the anpual Military • Ball here November 11. Ball Tickets Sell Out; Few Extra To Go On Sale Today This afternoon will be the last chance for students • to purchase tickets for the annual Military Ball, to be held in the Union ballroom Armistice Day evening. Although all remaining tickets were sold out to the basic military students yesterday, a limited number bf ducats will go on sale today at 4:00 p. m. in the main lounge of the Union Building. A waiting list for returned tickets will be made up from those left in line aftfer this special allotment of tickets is sold.
The subject for the next debate was not definitely announced. The advisability of the University offering a course in marriage relationships seemed to be the subject meeting most approval by the audi-
ence.
Monsignor Sheen was ordained at Peoria, 111., September 20,1919, and was honored in 1934 by being named Papal Chamberlain of His Holiness, Pope Pius XI, and again in 1936 when he was made a Domestic Prelate with the title of Right Reverend Monsignor. Prolific Writer Among the many books he has written are: “Communism and Religion,” “Calvary and the Metss,” “The Lord’s Prayer on the Cross,” “The Moral Universe,” and “Philosophy of Science.” Monsignor Sheen has been described by the London Universe as the “new Catholic philosopher of the age” and “the most popular of American preachers who have come to England.” The best known Catholic literary critic of America, Brother Leo, has said that his style “is a style in the best sense popular, appealing to persons who may or may not be intellectual but who at least are intelligent, a style positing pertinent question, opening attractive vistas of thought, and letting air and sunshine into the secret places of the heart.” Two anthems, “Praise Be to Thee” and “Give Ear Unto My Prayer,” will be sung by two choirs, one of 150 voices and an echo choir of 30 voices.
Iowa Gridder
2110 Foundrymen
Pres. Elliott Writes From Manila Attend District
A. F. A. Conference Over 200 foundry managers, supervisors, foremen, and shop men were registered yesterday for the opening session of the Purdue University - Chicago Chapter of American Foundrymen’s Association. The conference, which will continue through tomorrow is held to promote discussion of current foundry problems and to encourage better acquaintance and a spirit of cooperation among the foundrymen of this
district.
' Manila, Philippine Islands, Wednesday, October 19, 1938.
My dear Frank:
This is the day of the Board meeting, and it is natural for me to be thinking' of the campus and my absence. Lafayette seems so far away from the island of Luzon as I sit here in the hotel apartment and look out over the sun-drenched Manila Bay with its many craft from all over the world. On Monday I ^ent you a cable—^by way of Mr. Ross —in order that the Board might know that Purdue was not entirely out of my range of thought. I am dashing this off hurriedly so as to get it in the Clipper mail bag which soon closes. This week I have been grinding hard, in preparation for a Regent’s meeting tomorrow. After that I am expecting
a bit of relief.
Certainly we are being looked after by the University authorities— luxui'ious quarters in the hotel, car and chauffeur, and hospitality that •seems never ending. This is primarily intended to enable you to say to the campus and to our friends that things go thrillingly well with us. Both Mrs. Elliott and myself are remarkably well. i * Last Saturday night there was a gathering, of Purdrle alumni. The Boys are sending to Baugh all the records of this.
Yours,
(Signed) E. C. ELLIOTT. Huge Testing Hammer Reproduces Freight Car Bumps
By Bob Beer
Most of' us have heard it pounding away, but few have any ideas concerning the purpose of the gigantic 27,000 pound hammer in the Draft Gear Testing Laboratory behind the EE Building. Perhaps it would be better to begin at the beginning—^back about 1926, when the Association of American Railroads decide|i, it was high time to perfect the coupling mechanism on freight cars. To do this it was necessary to improve the draft gear—a sort of shock absorber behind the coupling knuckle—so that it would be able to withstand shocks received in switching cars at relatively high speeds. A 13'/z Ton Hammer The 13% ton hammer constructed for this purpose, three times the size of any other in the country, was mounted at Purdue in 1927. Five others have since been constructed for various railroads and draft gear
manufacturers.
Dropping this hammer 12 inches is calculated to deliver an impact
equal to that of freight cars bumping at a speed of 4% to 5 miles per hour. It is capable of being dropped 36 inches, but no iron can with-
stand the blow. Gear Testing
Under the supervision of W. E. Grey, of the Engineering Experiment Station staff, the new laboratory started operating on two shifts with 13 men. All of the draft gears submitted by manufacturers were tested, rejected or approved and draft gear specifications developed. Eleven types of draft gears are now approved by the Association of American Railroads. Now, with a. staff of three men, the laboratory is running full time testing new draft gears developed in the endless search for lighter, stronger couplings. Concrete results of the testing lab have been to increase switching speed of cars by several miles per hour, a considerable factor in large yards shifting hundreds of cars each
day.
Following registration in the Union lobby at 9 a. m., the conference, under the chairmanship of H. W. Johnson, of the Greenlee Foundry Co., Chicago, was opened with welcoming addresses by Purdue’s Dean of Engineering, A. A. Potter, L. H. Rudesill, chairman of the Chicago Chapter A. F. A., and R. E. Kennedy, secretary of A. F. A. Special. Sessions Special sessions on gray cast iron, malleable iron, and steel were held morning an4 afternoon for the discussion of problems directly relating to these fields, with speakers from industrial establishments in the district relating latest devolpments in production and research. Conferees dined in the Union ballroom last night, following which Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical and metallurgical engineering at the University spoke on the subject “Sword Fishing.” A special musical program was presented by the Purdue Concert Choir, under the leadership of A. P. Stewart, director. Technical sections will continue this morning, concluding in a general session at 2:00 this afternoon, with Prof. R. L. Farabee, of Purdue, discussing “Metallography for the Practical Foundryman.”
CAPT. JACK EICHEBLY Iowa Halfback
Bill Lyton Will Swing For Mixer Bill Lyton and his orchestra, will furnish rhythm for the regular mixer tomorrow evening in the Union ballroom. Lyton, a graduate law student at Northwestern University, leads the band which won the College Humor National Dance Orchestra Contest in 1932. The following two years they toured Europe and Asia, playing at Londpn, Brussels, Paris, Tokyo, and Shanghai. Dancing will last from nine until midnight and the usual mixer price of $1.00 per couple will prevail. Union Show Trials To Start Tuesday Tr/outs for eds and co-eds desiring parts in the annual Union Thanksgiving show have been changed from rooms 1 and 2 to the tower room. The time remains the same, Tuesday and Wednesday, November 1 and 2. Those unable to attend are urged to contact Jim Ashton, Union vice-president in charge of personnel. Actual production is planned to start Thursday, November 3, in the tower room under the direction of vice-presidents Marge Stocker, Bob Kany, and Dave Brubeck.
Vyin Over Hawkeyes Woirfd Make Second Big 10 Victory After a last minute drill. Coach Mai Elward’s “Battling Boilermakers” entrained last night for Chicago enroute to Iowa City where the Purdue squad will meet an inspired Hawkeye eleven tomorrow. The Boilermakers were to spend the night in the Windy City, proceeding this morning to Davenport, la., at which place headquarters will be maintained until just before game time. A win over the Iowa team would give the Boilermakers their second Big Ten victory and a season’s record of four triumphs with but one defeat and one tie. Iowa’s campus has been in an uproar since last Saturday’s game with the visiting team from Colgate. It seems that the football squad, managers, and coaches didn’t appreciate the comments that were written about the Hawkeye gridders in the campus newspaper. One thing led to another with the result that the editor of the paper was forcibly ejected from the practice. Intervention by the faculty finally resulted in a friendly agreement. As a result, however, the Hawkeye team and students have been aroused to a feverish pitch over tomorrow’s homecoming clash with the Boilermakers. Sorry Record Coach Irl Tubbs’ Hawkeye squad has not made a very favorable record so far this season, losing to U. C. L. A., Wisconsin, and Colgate^ and winning from Chicago, but many of the experts agree that the lowans have much potential power which is due to break out at any time. With the Hawkeyes keyed up for Purdue, those potentialities may decide the game. Coach Tubbs can boast of two of the finest backfield men in the Big Ten. Nile Kinnick, triple threat man, was selected as All-Conference quarterback last year as a sophomore. Kinnick is recognized on all Big Ten gridirons as a dangerous man, whether tossing a pass, running, or in punt formation. Captain Jack Eicherly, a high-stepping halfback, teams up with Kiimick on aerials, being noted as a pass receiver. Last year against Minnesota Jack snagged a 13-yard pass from Nile and raced 55 yards to a score. And that’s something against the Gophers. Iowa Backfield Filling out the Iowa backfield are Jerry Niles, speedy sophomore ballcarrier, and Ray Murphy, longlegged halfback. -Niles is one of those rare boys who likes to block. He is also rated as a dangerous passer. He is the Hawkeye’s leading ground gainer. fn the line, Coach Tubbs has a number of powerful forwards. Henry Lueheck, 275-pound tackle, is said to be fiery and fast for such a big man. Mike Enich, converted from the backfield, adds drive and strength to the line. Jim Kelley, Bob Allen, Charles Brady, and Herman Snider are the experienced men at the guard posts. Erwin Prasse, Fred Smith, Jens Norgaard, and Ken Pettit hold down the end positions, while Roscoe Carney plays
at center.
Glider Club Members Brave Rigors Of 4:30 a, m. Breakfasts For Dawn Flights'
By Henry Paul Wist Milk trucks clattering about dimly lighted streets are the only signs of life in sleeping West Lafayette when the clan begins to gather. Wimpy’s canteen is the meeting place, and here, over coffee and doughnuts, members of the Glider Club’s “Dawn Patrol” await late arrivals. Bribed into the notion of getting up at 4:30 a. m., your reporter downed the last of his coffee just in time the other morning to pile into the club’s indispensable Model A tow truck for the ti'ip to the airport. Repair Wing Tip Though still dark when we arrived, by the time a damaged wing tip had been patched and the winch
towed to its position across the field the sky was grey in the east and visibility was improving rapidly. The first flight of the morning— strapped in behind Bob Buell, senior member of the club and veteran of several national meets, one feels quite at ease. Especially when one is a veteran of several airplane flights. The white signal flag waved and the wire tightened. We eased away, picking up speed rapidly as the engine on the winch nearly a mile across the field roared away. 25 Feet Per Second Climbing to a thousand feet in 40 seconds makes the grround drop away at about 26 feet per second, which was almost too much for a (Continued on page 2)• *
£jciijtoJual
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
3'saJtuJuiA
Friday, October 28,1938
Hollywood's Idea... ... of a University campus, as evidenced in their collegiate movies, has caused at least 90 per cent of Purdue students to rise up in a righteous wrath and cry, “It ain’t so!” Entertaining as they may be, the pictures are generally conceded to be highly overdrawn and strictly the bunk. With all their flash and glitter, these movies miss the real human interest angles of college life. Football rallies, road trips, registration rat race, initiations, serenades, campus shows, formal dances, and many other common events on this campus could all be included in an interesting true to life movie of Purdue. Plenty of equipment is available on the local campus. There is enough talent to cast a Purdue movie, and enough managerial ability to direct it. Why don’t Purdue students make their own college motion picture—a show to depict the real Purdue, both in classrooms and out, including fraternity life and the activities of the independent students With a year to work, University students and faculty advisers could surely produce a show well worth seeing. If rightly done, the finished product should attract national attention and give the cast plenty of publicity. The main difficulty to overcome w'ould be the financing of such a production. Profits from showings of the picture coupled with the value to Purdue as publicity should take care of this point, however. We’d like to see Purdue lead the way with such a production. It would make a very appropriate film to show at alumni meetings and many other occasions when persons interested in Purdue meet. People comipg to the campus for the first time could get a vfery good idea of Purdue from an hour or so spent in watching this picture. Aside from these practical values the experience and fun gained by students and staff members engaged in producing the show would repay them well for their effort. We wonder who on the campus would be in-
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of i>OBtage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and iveekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locaHy by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L. S. Hardin City Editor..- D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Basiness Manager. - M. C. Reeves Ixical Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager.. -....W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director _...D. J. Henninger RBPRCSENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. dollege Publishers Representative azo Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHicAso ' Boston ■ Los Angeles - San fsancisco ‘ CO-ED STAFF Editor - - SaUy McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Howard Friday, October 28, 1938
terested in such an enterprise. What students would like to write script, who wants to act in a college movie, which eds and co-eds want to try their hand at the thousand and one jobs incidental to the making of a movie.
Glider Club Members — (Continued from page 1) “veteran” of several airplane rides. An indescribable sensation—^to be left hanging in the semi-darkness (the sun had not yet risen) with no audible sound other than the swish of the wind past the fuselage; the airport, gravel pits, and checkerwork of fields dimly visible below, lights of still slumbering Lafayette spreading out to the east. Past the south boundary of the airport, and out over the gravel pits, then a bit of cornfield skimnung and back to the starting runway. Time of flight, about three minutes —^but minutes to be remembered. Over 400 flights have been made by Glider Club members since school began this fall. “Dawn Patrol” hops between daybreak and 8 o’clock have helped the record materially in giving members added time; as many as 20 flights are possible with an early start. A record total of solo pilots are numbered among the glider club members this year. New pilots are being trained for soaring competition in the national meets to be held this coming Spring. Members who have recently soloed include Bruce Leonard, Len Hauprich, Bill Kane, Paul Franklin, Don Caffee, Hal Taylor, J. A. Scott, A1 Fulks, Bill Thompson, D. E. Booth, George Shabel, and F. P. Bade.
^J4lm and ..Jder
By Georgann Schilling
If you happen to know a lad who possesses a full dress suit, you had better concentrate on him, for such lads are really going to be in demand before long! The occasion for their sudden popularity is an ultra-formal dance planned for the night after Thanksgiving. We hear that the Union Board, who is giving the dance, has already secured Clyde McCoy to furnish the melodies. And the price of tickets to this most-formal dance of the semester is to be unusually small. But only full dress (tails) will be considered proper! So the personnel attending the ball will be quite limited— and elite. Really all this dope is only hearsay, but you can begin to think about it, anyhow. Don’t you like the idea? —H-H— Last night the Phi Mus had a trade dinner with Cary Hall, West; the Thetas and the Phi Gams went on a trade picnic, and the Chi O’s dined as guests of the Theta Chis. Other trade dinners scheduled for last night were the Kappas with the SAE’s, the Pi Phis and the Triangles, the Delts and the Alpha Chis, and the Alpha Xis and the Pi Kappa Phis. All the sororities seem to have entered the social swim this week. I
Have you planned your costume for the Barnyard Frolic on Friday night. Clever ideas seem to be selling at a premium! Gales of laughter usually greet the gay antics of galloping guys and gals at this gala get-together. Informality is the rule of the evening with couples entering the ballroom via a breath-tak-ing slide, and spending the intermission time playing whip-cracker or sitting on the floor. So you had better grab a gal and go! —H-H— Costumes will also be in demand Saturday night when the Betas and the Phi Delts collaborate by giving a Masked Ball at the Beta house. We heard one lad advise a questioning co-ed to wear the costume which had been censored at last years Rassle to this dance. But the girl wouldn’t promise to take his bit of advice. Anyhow the Hallowe’en spirit will prevail for the dancers on Saturday evening, the night of ghosts, witches, goblins, and gay cavaliers, too. —H-H— If you wonder at the first pledge disfigurements that appeared today, the girls wearing the big gold hair ribbons and carrying a candle ai’e pledges to the freshman scholastic honorary. Alpha Lambda Delta. They are also equipped with candy for the benefit of actives and campus alumnae.
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY \ whirlpoolII OF INTRIGUE ^ FOSTER in T^WEfriAND mi
and
HgMML.
— aim — ZORRO RIMES AGAIN
LUNA
TODAY - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
COLUMBIA'S Ibundeting thriller of the weal I
AND
—PRICES— Matinee 20c Night 20c-25c Children 10c Night Prices Prevail on Sunday and Holidays.
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBlLE FEATURE
Plus THE LAW OF THE FORCE IS BRAVERY ... NO JOB TOO TOUGH FOR THESE
IPOEieE with JOHN KING CONSTANCE MOORE
Many questions are flying about concerning the ping-pong table in the recreation room of the Alpha Chi house. There seems to be danger of it wearing out, what with all the people who use it every night. However, a bit of investigation has shown no such table exists. It is only the modern “Old Ox Road” for woo pitchers and professional smoochers. But what a popular tradition ! He: “What’s worse than raining cats and dogs?” She: “I don’t know unless it would be hailing a street ca^I” Professional gold digger, Louise Smith, has caught another victim, a bit young for Louise, but a pretty fellar, anyhow. The lad is Len Blackburn, and he is now the center of Smith’s activities. The Betas are glad she found someone. They were a bit worried about the safety of some of the boys.
COMMUNICATION: Telegraph. Telephone. Tell a woman. That sad look in Art Gray’s blue eyes is suppressed desire concerning his lady love, Corriene Reifers. Art seems to have a lot of trouble with other chiselers, as well as the competition of the natural kind. But you’re young, Arthur, and so is she; so keep smiling.
FAMOUS LAST LINES OF WISDOM: Marriage is that which changes a girl from an alluring possibility to a lifetime liability. Archery Fans Will Witness Exhibition Prospective Robin Hoods, consisting of men students, co-eds, and faculty members, will participate in a long bow competition which will be held at Intramural Field on Saturday afternoon. Various methods of shooting will also be demonstrated. The exhibition will start at 1:30 and finish at 4:30. Included in the types of shooting are wand, target, clout, and roving shooting. Different types of bows and arrows will be explained and exhibited.
TODAY - SATURDAY
MUSICAL REVUE CARTOON
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lkhty
ipr /
‘We’re wasting our time, Gus—that ain’t one of them quiz movies.”
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALIPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
EXPOSURE METERS Improve Your Pictures Weston Leudi Mini Photpscope Intoscope Electrophot Expophot SPECIAL $10.00 ELECTROPHOT—$8.75
Hinea’s
634 Main
*1 i
Saturday Only ON OUR STAGE-
3*^
—ON THE SCREEN— —ADMISSION — AUIJEATS«c|i2LMl ALL SEATS BOc 2^'? m A 20»h Century-Fox Picture | "i A irv>' "V 30c — I CHILDREN (All Day) 15c — LAST TIMES TODAY— ANN SHERIDAN —MARIE WILSON — IN — ''BROADWAY MUSKETEERS"
i V?9
Friday, October 28, 1938
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Defeat Butler Cross Country Team, 22-33
Riveter Reserves Play At Notre Dame Tomorrow
Northwestern “B” team which beat the Boilermakers 26-7; the “Fighting Irish” rate as a strong team, both defensively and offensively. Most of this power is due to the tremendous amount of reserves that even a Notre Dame “B” team can muster.
and Mcllwain, halfbacks; and Lieb-
recht, fullback.
Church Group To Discuss Military Training Sunday
Under the direction of Don Powell and Jim Zachary, assistant coaches, a squad of 30 Purdue reserves will leave tonight for South Bend. Don and Jim have nominated the following starting lineup: Abbott and Stephenson, ends; Vergane and Dilts, tackles; Proudfit and Bremer, guards; Jerrell, center; Welsch, quarterback; Vyverberg
Compulsory military training will be debated at the Methodist student group next Sunday evening at 6:30 at the West Side Methodist Church. The subject will be stated: “Resolved that compulsory military training at state universities is desirable.” Donald Henry and Everett Hobbs will speak on the affirmative, and Hobart Blosser and William Harris, Jr., on the negative.
^ome
So
(^iadd!
Are you ready for that extra special date? Be sure your clothes are spotlessly clean. Send your complete fall wardrobe to be cleaned today.
&imu
West Lafayette, Indiana Phone 4081
CORRECT CLOTHING
Society Brand Clothes have the quality of a champion. Be outstanding in your dress.
Gullion's Men's Wear
In the Village
f
l«ld*r*s.„4 ....clioie*
WAA News
Squad Leaves Tonight For South Bend To Face Irish In Effort To End Season With Winning Percentage In an effort to end their season on the “black” side of the football ledger, the Boilermaker “B” team will play the Notre Dame reserves at South Bend tomorrow morning at 10 o’clock. The Boilermaker’s have split even in their first two games this year, beating Illinois and losing to Northwestern.
By virtue of a 6-6 tie with the
By Bruce Witwer Looking back into the annals of the traditional Purdue-Iowj^football series, it is perceived that eight out of the last nine games were won hy Boilermakers ... the Hawkeye power has fallen off since the inaugural games of th& series, however . . . the total summary shows Purdue carrying off nine victories to Iowa’s seven. —^fc— Next week we will be gunning for Ohio State ... it will be a rare treat for the Purdue fans who live near Columbus to watch “Spots” Emrick’s military band perform during the half ... it looked as if the band might get to go to Fordham at the beginning of the football season but plans didn’t crystallize so they go to the Buckeye game as their trip for the year. —fc— Now we wish to hand out some belated congratulations to Stubby Meier for the cheer leading combine which he has whipped together this year . . . “whipped together” is the right phrase, Stubby is a dyedin the wool Simon Degree with his boys . . . they turn out every night and practice formations and also go over to the Fieldhouse, put on gym clothes, and go through their antics in front of a mirror .. whether to perfect their style or admire their physiques we can’t say, but they put their hearts into their work and really labor. —^fc— During the Wisconsin game we overheard some grads who were back for the first time this year remark that the cheer leading as it is now answers a need which was apparent for many years before .... if they keep on improving like they have so far, we’ll send a confidential note to MGM and put them
Hockey Practices for hockey will end this week. All upperclassmen are urged to get their practices now. Class teams will be chosen the first of next week, so that games can begin on Tuesday. Triton Club
Members of Triton Club are practicing for the Water Carnival. Last week they began learning to swim to music. ' Speed Ball Moving pictures of the technique of how to play speed ball will be shown in the Memorial Gymnasium on Tuesday.
Prof. O'Shea Addresses Teachers' Association
“Personal Testing and Counseling” was Professor Harriet E. O’Shea’s topic in her talk before the Educational Research Section of the State Teachers Association yesterday. Professor O’Shea is also serving as one of the discussants of Dr. Blatz’s paper “Child Welfare and the Primary Curriculum” at the Kindergarten-Primary Section.
wise to the fact that we have some real talent around here. —^fc— Butler took another one on the chin from Purdue yesterday as their cross country team bowed in defeat they had their glory though in that Southworth, their junior flash beat out Art Bodeau and set a new course record . . . Mel Trutt of Indiana held the old record at 17 minutes and 40 seconds .. Southworth slashed three seconds from that time and Bodeau had to be content with second place.
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at
DEWENTER’S
'Have you seen fhe New ARROW SHORTS with the double wing back?"
Go into a huddle with your nearest Arrow dealer and ask him to show you why Arrow Shorts are different. He’ll tell you that the center seam which makes ordinary shorts creep and twist is absent from Arrow Shorts, that the full seat with extra yardage allows for ample room, that Arrows are Sanforized-Shrunk, and will never shrink.
For real comfort wear Arrow Shorts...many fabrics and models to choose from, with either buttons or Gripper snaps.
SHORTS TOPS
65c up 50c up
ARROW UNDERWEAR
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
Southworth, Bulldog Star, Sets New Course Record With Time Of 17 Minutes, 37 Seconds; Bodeau Places Second For Boilermaker Squad
Flashing around the course in 17 minutes and 37 seconds, Southworth, ace Butler distance man, ran off with first honors in the cross country meet between the Boilermakers and the Butler Bulldogs on the Purdue course last evening. Art Bodeau held the lead for the first mile, but had to yield to Southworth, whose time was three seconds faster than the old course record which was held by Mel Trutt of Indiana. Art finished second, however, to lead the Purdue team to its third victory of the year, 22-33.
SAE Faces Delta Chi Softball Team Tonight For Title
Although outshown by Southworth’s outstanding performance, the Purdue squad showed lots of power in winning the meet. Torchy Knapp finished third. Reeves took fourth, and Marozick and Gaulke got sixth and seventh places to pile up a commanding lead for the Boilermakers.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon’s softball team turned the tables on Alpha Gamma Rho last night by Winning 5 to 1 to go into the finals with Delta Chi in the playoff for the fraternity softball championship tonight.
The only previous defeat for the Sigma Alpha Epsilon team was at the hands of this same Alpha Gamma Rho last week in the winner’s bracket, 2 to 0. In the playoff tonight, the SAE’s will be representing the losers bracket. Since SAE has been beaten once, the team will be eliminated after one defeat. The Delta Chi squad must lose two games, however before dropping from the picture.
“We’ve really got a cross country team now,” commented coach Phillips as he noted that every Purdue man ran the course in less than 20 minutes. Every man on the entire squad turned in his best time of the year last night, giving Phillips just cause to be proud of his job of rounding the squad into shape for the state cross country meet which is to be held in Indianapolis next week.
Intramural Notices
TOUCHBALL Today
President's Ofike Goes On Record As Anti-Prankster
“It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University,” states a bulletin from the President’s office, explaining the position of the University concerning pranksters. According to University rules,' “Any student guilty of participation in rush rioting or damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University.”
Field Official 1— Ward 7X vs. Ward IIX. Chaffee 2— Ward 6 vs. Ward 13. Fishel 3— Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 8. Dolan 4— ^Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Sigma Alpha Mn. Erick 6—Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. McGrath 6— Tan Kappa Epsilon vs. Triangle. Lamonreaux 7— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 8— Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Pi Phi Brodsky 9— Theta Xi vs. Delta Tau Delta. Evers 10— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Chi Rho. Noland 11— Sigma Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi Luce 12— Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Kurtz
SOFTBALL Today
Diamond
7—Delta Chi vs. Winner (S.
A. E. vs.
Alpha Gamma Rho). Umpires: H. G. Boyer, Russell Berry.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main street
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Mein at 7th Phone 6050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD I. RISK—O.D.S. ROBERT d RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—O.D.S Schultz Bulldino ^th and Main , Phone 5701
• Tailor
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
soarrendahl—tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
• Jewelers
• Shoe Repair
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it welt. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Locksmith
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAain St.
"C" CARTER ter Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals snd Rspslring Open Evenings Phone 22f 1 State-Main. W. L
4'
'llPurdue Glee Club
To Sing For State Teachers' Meeting Eighty members of the Purdue Glee Club, including 40 co-eds, are combining business with pleasure tonight when they travel to Indianapolis in two chartered buses tb open the Scottish Rite social season. The group will leave the campus at 3:30 this afternoon, have dinner in Indianapolis, sing for the Indiana State Teachers Convention in Cadle Tabernacle at 7:30 p. m., and at the Scottish Rite Cathedral at 8:15 p. m. Following the concerts, the Glee Club members and their dates will attend a formal dance as guests of the Scottish Rite, The trip is being chaperoned by Director and Mrs. A. P. Stewart. The student manager of the Glee Club is Paul Worcester. Union Music Room To Present Musicians Presenting its second feature program of the year on Sunday, November 6, the Union Music Room i will bring to the campus Joseph Lautner and Harold Triggs, internationally known artists. Fowler Hall has been secured for the night and the committee in charge has prepared a special program for the occasion. Two of the finest musicians on the faculty of the Arthur Jordan Conservatory of Music, Triggs and Lautner have appeared as soloists with internationally famous musical organizations. Triggs made his New York debut as pianist at the Music Guild, and has appeared at the Metropolitan Opera House, the Town Hall, and Carnegie Hall. As vocal soloist, Lautner has twice appeared with the Boston Symphony orchestra.
I
Feminine Yell leaders Begin Practice Today In Memorial Gymnasium “We’re well pleased with the girls’ response to our call for feminine cheer leaders,” commented Stubby Meier, head cheer leader. “Thgy answered far better than the boys.” Stubby and Bud Fenstermaker, cheer leader manager, will teach the gii'l aspirants the fundamentals of cheering at a meeting tonight at 4:15 in the Memorial Gym. The present plans call for the same number of girl leaders as'boys. “We’ll have a swell cheering team,” said Stubby, “with the boy cheer leaders and the girl cheer inspirers.” Added to the list of girls- tryingout are Barbara Roderick, Mary Mather, Mary Anderson, Val Armstrong, Harriet Hadley, Mary Ruetta, Margaret Magley, and Betty Hanna. Cary Halls Elect Two New Officers Student elections were held this week in the two new Cary Halls to replace ofiicers appointed last Spring by the faculty. " In both units. Northwest and West, Hal Lownie of Buffalo, N. Y., and Ralph Buechler of Hamilton, O,, were unanimously elected to continue in office as presidents of their respective halls. Eric Johnson, Chicago, replaced Harvey Wilmeth as social chairman of the Northwest Hall, and Van Coddington, Milwaukee, won the social chairmanship in the West Hall, replacing Eugene Maurey. Kenneth Blessing, Maplewood, N. J., and J. Dean Meyer, St. Louis, continue in their capacities as presidents of the East and North Halls respectively. Sears Lectures Before Methodist Church Group “The Importance of the Ballot” was the subject of Dr. L. M. Sears, of the history and economics department, in a lecture given at the First Methodist Church last night. First in a series of programs to Be sponsored by tb,9 Men's Bible Glass of the church, the lecture was o^en to the public.
Dads Banquet Tomorrow Purdue mothers and dads of the Indianapolis area, which includes Indianapolis and cities within a radius of 30 miles, will meet tomorrow evening at 6:30 for their annual dinner at the Marrott Hotel, on North Mei’idian street, in Indianapolis. Dean A. A. Potter, head of the schools of engineering, and Dean Mary L. Matthews, head of the school of home economics, will speak at the banquet. Other dinners of a similar nature will be held in the near future by mother, and dads in the Chicago and Detroit areas.
Open to club members and their dates, the Riding Club Hallowe’en party will be held Sunday evening from 6:30 to 11 at the Riding Stable. Refreshments, games, and dancing will furnish the entertainment. Dues must be paid before the party, according to I. A. Summers, club president. Those planning to attend should notify the Stable by noon Saturday.
Distingruished Ho-vritzer Squads: Applications for entry in this competition must be handed in in writing to Major Faulconer or to Captain Morse by noon Thursday, November 3. Bach application will list a Junior as Executive and 11 Sophomores—1 as chief of section, 1 as gunner, 7 as cannonneers, and 2 as drivers. Entries -will be placed in order in which they are submitted. —^FAULCONER.
Lutheran Students Club: Business and social meeting to be held ip room 1 and 2 of the Union Building on Sunday, October 30, at 7:30 p. m. —OTT.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE
EXPONENT TODAY
Concert Choir: Important rehearsal Saturday, October 29, at 1 p; m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —CODDINGTON.
Radio Club: Regular meeting Tuesday, November 1, at 7:30 in room 254 of the EE Building. —BRO-VVN.
PIA Orchestra: Rehearsal Friday evening, October 28, at 7 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building. All members, old and new, are urged to attend. —SHINN. Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Ott, Monson, Kolb, Stamm, and all freshman and sophomore business members report to Engineer office at 4 p. m. Friday, October 28. —BEHRENDS.
Debate Managers: The following men will continue as sophomore debate managers: Taylor, -Wheeler, Hart, Howard, Thorton,. Caldwell, Shaw, Deal, and Reister. —CAN.
WAA Campcraft: Meeting postponed until Monday, October 31, at 7 p. m. Dr. Rose will talk on first aid in the woods. —FRASER.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Eastern Star ring, Saturday on campus pi- in Union Building. Call 55113.
Reward.
Purdue Engineer: The following men re-' port to Harris in the Engineer office Friday, October 28, at 4 p. m.: Stevenson, Winslow, Packman, Day, Fisher, Maidlow, Horth, Anderson. —CATTERALL.
Roger Williams Club; The Roger Williams Club will hold its annual Hallowe’en party Friday night, October 28, at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. All students are invited. —WRIGHT.
LOST—Black and blue suede belt on the campus last night. Reward. Mrs. John Randolph. Phone 2681.
FOR SALE
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a wiener roast Saturday, October 29, at 5 ;30 p. m. at the T. R. Johnston home in Northwestern Heights. Husbands are cordially Invited. Bring your own wieners, buns, and doughnuts. —BEUOY.
Piayshop Party: All members of Playshop, workers and cast of “Room Service,” and anyone interested in joining Piayshop are invited to a jamboree at the WAA cabin Tuesday, November 1, from 7 until 11. Meet at 7 o’clock at Fowler Hall. Twenty-five cents per person. —HETTEMA.
TYPEWRITERS—AH makes, standard and poiiable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Freshman Basketball Candidates: Candidates for the freshman basketball squad will report daily starting Monday, October 31. —LAMBERT.
Girls Hygiene Classes: Dr. Lee will deliver a lecture to the women’s hygiene classes on “Social Hygiene” at 9 and 10 a. m., and 4 p. m. today, October 27, and at 8 and 11 a. m. Friday, October 28. Dr. Lee will be available for conferences with freshmen or upperclass women in the library of the women’s gym at all other hours. —RUSSELL.
TOPCOATS, Overcoats, Suits, Tuxedos a specialty for the tailored man by Jordan, Brown and sons of Chicago. They -will measure and display woolen fabrics at 312 State St., October 26 and 27. $22.60. Open evenings. MISCELLANEOUS ATTENTION BANDSMEN: Let McLean’s factory trained repair man put your musical instrument in first class condition and save time and money. 514 Main St. Phone 7917.
Archery Enthusiasts: Archery games Saturday afternoon, October 29, from 1:30 to 4 :30 on the north end of IM field. Clout, target, wand, and roving. Beginners welcome. Equipment furnished. —KINZER.
Freshman Co-ed Exponent Workers; Work schedules for the week are as follows: Monday—Bourne, Wilkinson, Justin, Couter, and Baum. Tuesday—Irwin, Siess, Guise, Densford, and Johnson. Wednesday—^Plerce,
Reamers Club : Actives and pledges , meet at Hcavilon Hail at 7 p. m. Friday, October 28. Rough Initiation. | —JACKS.
Roger Williams Club: There will be a Halloween party Friday evening, October 28, at 8 p. m. at the Baptis Church. All students are invited. —WRIGHT.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
You Get the ‘‘PLUS” in Quality in Crown Cleaning Some call it “DOUBLE VALUE” Cleaning. All wool garments are moth-proofed by the Monite process as they are cleaned. No extra charge for this extra attention to your garments. ©aeuEi ImzBm F I N E C L E A N E H S O F F I N E C L O T H E S OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
Rain! Rain! Oh! For a Raincoat Our coats, raincoats, ties and all apparel are made to stand up under strain, but still they are stylish. Corduroy Coats . . . $5.98 up Corduroy Pants . . . . . $2.98 Sweaters . . . . . . $2.98 Slacks . ... . . . $2.98 up
ReliaMe Clothing Co. 224 Main Street
designed by martha gale for the . . . i college girl ' /'Mistress Mary” should be quite contrary — and proud too, of her suede flower pots, and the slim junior lines 6f this in-be-tween season CARTWRIGHT crepe. Comal ine Foncee (a rich rust shade), Teal and Stormcloud Blue are the winning colors. Sizes 11-13-15
For Your Football Week-eud Wardrobe
$X5.95
Right out of Vogue and stadiumbound
Share our true thrill in discovering
WHITEHALL hY ^ajif&mL THE ULTIMATE WHITE SHIRT *2 To a golfer, the biggest thrilj is a hole in one ... to a bridge player, a super slam (the new five suit game) ... to a football enthusiast, a touchdown from kick-off. . . and to a man . . . the discovery of the perfect white shirt. Such a shirt is Whitehall, by JAYSON . .. tailored in Troy, of a finer broadcloth and with custom featured details usually found only in higher price brackets. This is the shirt of our dreams comes true ... the shirt we know you will demand again and again. Share our thrill by discovering Whitehall by JAYSON ... for yourself.. . today. We have Whitehall with regular soft or *Jaysonized norstarch, nowilt collar model and neckband collarless style.
500 MAIN ST. CLOTHES SHOP INC. Made under Celanese patents.
t 1