? •/ -
^f'y;.^' ? ”V^ il" ..^ ;'‘“‘ , ’ , It- \’" J.‘ ^'; 'f ■'■'■<' iV 'V',;-- ' >' ■ , ,' ' ' , ’4 / ‘ '
N(i i
: i* ^T<-' -.-J
iVlilitary Students Will Wear Caps And Goivns
Established 1889
® WHaoT Mnt*p
Volume 55, No. 115
Purdue University, Wesf Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 2, 1943
Scabbard And To Hold Formal April 10
Union Elects Six Juniors For New Term
Students To Take ERC Tests Today
Tests In Music Hall To Determine Eligibility For Army, Navy College Training Programs This morning at 9 in the Music Hall, Enlisted Reserve Corps students, except those in advanced ROTC and those who expect to transfer to the naval reserve, and any other student who^wishes, if qualified, may take the joint Army-Navy qualifying test. An order issued by the University Military Department states that it is desirable that all eligible students -I...—^ - -— ' ' take the test as it will not be
given again for six months. The Office of the Regional
Home Ec School Holds Yearly Spring Banquet For 120 Omicron Nu, home economics scholastic honorary, and Virginia C. Meredith Home Economics Club sponsored the annual home economics school spring banquet last night. It was attended by over 120 students, faculty members, and guests and was held in the cafeteria of the Home Economics building. Marian Siegler acted as toastmistress in the absence of Sally Beall, president of Omicron Nu. On the program were vocal selections by. Ruth Ralston, Janet Place, and E'\^elyn Shell. Margaret Hedderich gaVe selections in whistling. Dean Md,ry L. Matthews gave the greet-
ing.
^artha Lee Riggs was awarded thfe Omicron Nu Award to the most outstanding freshman girl of 1942 by Miss Beenian of the home economics staff. The Danforth award '^0 a junior girl could not be made Since the selection has not yet been made. New Omicron Nu initiates, Eleanor Clark, Jeanne Howarth, Margaret Kalin, Jeannette Parker, Mai’garet Pennington, and Jean Thompson were introduced, and the officers of Virginia C. Meredith Club were announced. Notice University Choir rehearsal for Sunday’s Convocation will not be held Saturday afternoon as scheduled but will take place at 9 a. m. Sunday. Members of the Glee Club will report to Music Hall at 3:40 p. m. Saturday for a radio program. . • — 'WRijni
Director for the qualifying featured Saturday at 4
test of civilians for admission to the Army and Navy college training program now designated as A-12 and V-12, has ruled that men now enlisted in any branch of the service arc eligible to take the test. Students not members of any reserve corps who wish to ajiply for admission to either the Army or
Senior Board Reelects Eight To Head Student Committees Six new Union vice-presidens were elected last Tuesday night by the junior-senior board and L. M. Vallely, Union manager. They are Mary Bowlby, Alpha Chi Omega; Betty Cantley and Virginia Armstrong, Chi Omega; Jean Holtson and Bettie Lu Krudup, Kappa Kappa Gamma, and Pliil Jenkins, Delta Tau Delta. ^ Eight first semester juniors were re-elected for the summer term at the same time. They
are Paul Blakely and Doug Smith, Phi Gamma Delta; John Wooling, Phi Kappa Psi; Dick Collister, Delta Tau Delta; Jim Craig, Sigma Chi; Clayton Pingery, Beta Theta Pi; Jim Stallings, Delta Upsilon, and Kathleen Gannon, Kappa Alpha Theta. These eight will be up for senior board elections in the fall.
Hold Board Dinners
Immediately after the interviews Tuesday afternoon two separate board dinners were held, one for the junior-senior board and the other for those who petitioned. Then after dinner the electing board named
the new vice-presidents.
WBAA Will Feature University Glee Club On Campus Varieties University Glee Club will be
Members And Dates Will Attend Banquet Group Will Have Special Reserved Seats At Music Convo Following Banquet Sabers will crown the grand march of the Scabbard and Blade Ball to be held in both ballrooms of the Union Saturday night, April 10. It had been postponed from March 19 because of the induction of many of the members of the advanced
corps into the Army.
Preceeding the ball, all Scabbard and Blade members and .III. I their dates will attend a ban-
Flaherty Takes Over Job To Head SIR
Committee
University To Confer 350 Bachelor, 40 Advanced Degrees; Announces Events Graduating military students will be allow^ to wear eaps and gowns at commencement, April 18, it announced by Col. D. M, Beere yesterday. All advanced military students, however, will be required to wear their uniforms when I3iey receive their cadet commissions in the Reserve Officers Train-
ing Corps.
Cadet commissions will contain the rank of the cadet in the local ROTC unit. This certificate is being substituted for a completion of course certificate that had been given to graduating military student in past
years.
390 To Receive Degrees This second war-time commencement will witness the graduation of
Campus Varieties over WBAA. The Glee Club will present several special arrangements for the show including two by Fred Waring. Joe Lautner, Bill Morgan and Bob King will be the highlighted trio in a novel version of “There Are Such Things” arranged by
Rossebo To Serve As Assestant Director
Jim B. Flaherty, sixth term Public Service Engineer and member of Phi Kappa Psi, has been selected as the new director of the Student In
quet with the Military Department staff members. Following the banquet they will leave for the music convo in the Music Hall where they will sit in
special resei-ved section,
t the ball, which will be formal, newly initiated actives will be recognized. They would have been recognized as pledges as had been done in former years had the ball been at the originally scheduled date. The bids issued last month
will be honored at the gates.
^^sp
m
Senior invitations and atmomicement booklets will be on sale starting at 8 a. m. Thnrsday, April 8, in the Cashier’s Office in dhe Executive Building. The booklets will also be on sale in the Student Senate Office, room 386 in the Union, from 4 to 5:30 p. m. The price of the booklet is ten cents each and will be on sale for six days ending at 5:30 p. m., April 13. Senior passports must be shown. approximately 400 students and the awarding of about the same number of military certificates. Bachelor degrees will be given to about 350 students and advanced degrees
to 40.
Advancing the traditional graduation in June to one in April was made necessary last year because of the intensified study program inaugurated' by the University, and this year’s group of graduating seniors and advanced military stu-
dents are following suit. Invitations Of Leather
The commencement announcement and invitation will be in Mie form of a small leatherette booklet
Navy College Training Progiam, Lautner. The Glee Club will also
These students are to he in eh.rge “ otpnia.tien will be die
will take the test at the same time.
Naval Reserves Go To V-12 It is unnecessary for those stu-
dents who are in advanced ROTC or those who expect to become members of the naval reserve to take the test, as both of these groups
by Hoagy Car-
sing “Skylark,”
michael.
Bill Morgan will be soloist in the Glee Club presentation of “The Lost Choi’d” while the other Fred Waring arrangement will be “The Volga Boatman” with Dave Simp-
aie slated for training programs, son as accompanist. Joseph Ragains The advanced ROTC will go to Offl- will act as conductor of the Glee ceib’ Training School and the Navy Club in the absence of A1 Stewart, Reseives will automatically be eli- director, gible for the Naval College Train- v ... . w, ,,
mg Program, V-12.
of the following Union committees: publicity personnel, which compiles the freshman and sophomore working hours, war committee, recreation, browsing room, and teas and
reception committee.
Before the petitions were handed in, the interviewees wrote a test on the history, functions and personnel of the Union building. Several new ideas were presented in the petitions : more Red Cross work for the
The newly initiated pledge class
d^strial ReTationT aiid^ PeTsonnel ^^is bound by cord and will be similar
campus to enter Scabbard and to those issued at past graduation
exercises.
banded for the duration following The complete schedule of events the call of the men in school now. for the April, 1943, commencement
Present Keys At Banquet follows: At the dinner before the convo Saturday, April 17
the new members will be presented
of Delta Tau Delta, will serve as
Ijiis assistant.
Heads, of the staff departments who will work with the director and his assistant are Guy G. Besnard,
a fifth term Science and an Alpha their keys. At present there
are about sixty members in the organization who will be present. This will be the first and last
Tau Omega, who will direct the interviews department; A. Jane Keim, seventh term Science student and a member of Chi Omega, will supervise the industrial relations depart-
coeds, a sweater knitting contest ment; E. J. Fischer, fifth term Sci-
Prof. Flank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, received the information in a letter from the Fifth Service Command Headquarters. A radiogram irom the War Department containing the letter follows: Headquarters Requests “Commanding general of each
“Songs of the South,” a new program will be initiated on WBAA featuring the “Plantation Boys” singing the spirituals of the deep South. The negro quartette, composed of four University students from the International House on the campus will be heard Saturday
evening at 8.
WBAA IS also presenting a new series of “Safety Programs’
service command will inform armed operation with the University Pub-
services representative in each college in which enlistments in enlisted leserve coips have been effected within the seivicc command, that enlisted rescive corps students are
lie Safety Institute and the Indiana State Police. In an effort to emphasize the importance of safety regulations, novel features and dramatic versions on accident prevention are major portions of the programs
eligible to participate in the joint which are broadcast each Saturday
Aimy-Navy qualifying tests April 11:15.
2, and are to be urged to do so. Safety experts. Pi of. J. L. Lingo,
Enlisted reserve corps students taking the test should clearly indicate
enlisted reseiwe corps status on an- there are more accident casualties swer sheet.” at home than on all the war fronts.
for the sororities,'ideas for increasing war stamp sales in the University, cambric backdrops for dances, etc. The newly-elected students will now have a chance to try out these ideas and make them successful. Ceres Contestants To Judge Grain Tomorrow At 1P. M. Participants in the annual Ceres small grains judging contest are requested to consult the bulletin board in Agricultural Hall this morning to find out the time set
for the competition
ence and Kappa Delta Rho, will serve as chief of the faculty personnel department; Laurence E. Kaplan, seventh term Mechanical, will be in charge of procurement; heading publicity department will be Marselda Jacobs, sixth term Science and a member of Chi Omega; Fi’ank L. Gray, seventh term Mechanical and Kappa Delta Rho, will be the director of the planning and analyzing department; Doris Hahnenstein, a fourth term Home Economics student, will act in the capacity of information secretary.
Aid To Student
The most successful project of the organization this term has been the work in connection with the industrial relations depaitment. The purpose of this department is to
Scabbard and Blade dance of the year. Further information about the band and hours will appear in Sunday’s Exponent. Morton Clevett Wins ASME Speech Contest; To Speak In Chicago Morton Clevett, senior in the ME school, was the winner of the annual American Society of Mechanical Engineers speech contest held Tuesday evening in the West Faculty Lounge. He was awarded a ten dollar merchandise certificate donated by Southworth’s Book Store for his speech on “Submerged Com-
bustion.”
David M. Badger, ME school.
Wayne Timmins and Shelby Gallien
are participants each week. This which will be held at 1 p. m. in the week’s presentation will show that crops laboratory of Agricultux’al
Hall. Arrangements must be made
Elliott To Preside
familiarize the students with com
Students from all schools are still panics’ policies and products before second. He spoke on “Phoeligible to participate in the contest the interview so that any knowledge was awarded a copy
the student should know will be ob- Machinery s Handbook donated tainablc beforehand. As a result, University Book Store. Third time will be saved for both the in- Pj^^® '^on by Albert S. Goodof the terviewer and interviewee and a ^ spoke on Small Gear more satisfactory meeting between Development. He received a copy the two concerned with the student ^ Roget’s Thesaurus donated by
Reisner’s Book Store.
with Prof. F. E. Robbins Agronomy department.
Prizes for the contest will be medgls for the first and second place winners in the senior and junior divisions. Winners will also have their names engraved on the trophy hung in Agricultural Hall.
9:00 a.m.—Registration of alumni and parents in the Union Building. Informal campus inspection. 12:10 p.m.—Luncheon for alumni, faculty, parents and students in the Union Building. 1:15 p.m.—^Annual business meeting of the Alumni Association. 2:15 p.m.—^Parade of classes to
the oval.
2:30 p.m.—Placement of wreath on John Purdue’s grave by the war class of 1918. 3:00 p.m.—Varsity football game in Ross-Ade Stadium. Spring prac-
tice.
6:00 p.m.—Founders’ Day banquet for alumni, faculty, parents and students in Union Building. 8:16 p.m.—Festival of Easter music (convocation for worship) Music
Hall.
Sunday, April 18 9:00 a.m.—Reunion class breakfast in Union Building. 10:00 a.m.—Open House by Dr. and Mrs. Edward C. Elliott. 12:05 p.m.—Loyalty luncheon for alumni, faculty, parents, students and University Board of Trustees in Union Building. 1:15 p.m.—Awarding of Alumni Loyalty Certificates to the members of the classes of ’78, '83, ’88, ’93, ’03, ’08, ’13 and ’18 by Dr. Edward C. Elliott. 2:30 p.m.—Spring Commencement program in the Music Hall.
Dr. Ralph W. Sockman Will Speak
At Religious Convocation On Sunday sy.7 stuZnts
being better equipped to make a more favorable impression.
Interview Tips
Various members of the committee have interviewed the various industrial men coming to the campus and have obtained valuable tips for the students from them. For example, several of the company rep-
Dr.
By Barbara Gregory Ralph Sockman will be the On Radio Program
guest speaker at a religious convocation which will be held in the Music Hall Sunday morning at 10:30. Dr. Elliott will preside at the convocation and the Unii^ersity choir of 200 voices, directed by A1 Stewart, will sing the anthems. Dr. Sockman, who has been on campus six times, is well known all over the country for his lectures, books, and ladio programs. His latest book is “The Highway to
At the present time Dr. Sockman is featured on his program. National Radio Pulpit, at 9 each Sunday morning over the Blue Network. He has been its minister for about three years. Before he began
not only well read in religious writings, but he is a dramatist himself and keeps abreast of all of the plays in New York. He roads classics and lighter subjects alike.
Active In Other Work
There is a national committee.
As a result of his victory, Clevett will represent the local student branch of the ASME at the regional meeting to be held at Northwestern University oh April 12, 13. He will also be eligible to share in the $55 in cash prizes to be awarded there. Judges for the local contest in-
resentatives have stated that they eluded the following: Professor L.
favor the student who has prepared Y. Ludy, Professor W. T. Miller, u i. u u-
Inactive duty until graduation is himself for the interview by having Professor E. F. Bruhn, and a stu- ^ offered in the special SV-7 Navy a photograph to attach to the appli- dent representative from each of Actual competition wiU be-
plan to juniors and seniors in engi- cation, being- ready to discuss hob- the Mechanical and Aeronautical
All-Campus Rifle Match Will Last All Next Week
Bullets instead of ballots will decide the winner of the all student
neering, or men with majors in bies, etc. The intei-viewers are very Engineering honorary fraternities,
physics, mathematics or electronics, interested in knowing outside interFor general service, the candi- ests and factors so that everything
this program, he conducted the Na- formed of the leading religious and tional Sunday Forum for several laymen counsellors, in which he is
active. The purpose of the comniit-
He has always been the pastor tee is to provide for a just and durof the Christ Methodist chinch in able peace. He was a member of New York City. He began as the the original committee that met
God,” which contains many of his n^’^'ii'tant minister and on the death last year in Delaware, Ohio, to be-
better known lectures, ' especially Dr. S. Parks Cadman, the pastor, those presented as the Lyman >1° became the minister and has reBeecher lectures, which were given tamed that position since 1917. » at Yale in 1941. Being chosen as Di. Sockman will speak on “This the Lyman Beecher lecturer is an Nation Under God” Sunday. He rehonoi and distinction, since the ceived a Ph.D. degree m history bespeaker may be chosen from the fore he obtained his doctoi’s degree world at laige and not from the m Theology. He is a historian as United States alone, well as a voluminous reader, lie is
gin the active work. Ho is particularly active because of his wide travel here and abroad, which is aiding in the solution of many problems. Aftei his lecture here on Sunday raoining. Dr. Sockman will leave immediately to speak in Chicago at the Sunday Evening Club.
dates must meet strict physical requirements. For special service relaxed* eye requiiements exist, including modified color perception standaids. Dean Knapp, who is the Navy representative on the campus, will provide any further information. Notice According to an announcement from the Dean of Women’s office, all activity sheets given to the coeds this past week must be filled out and returned to the AWS office by 4 p. m. Tuesday, April 6. —MURPHY
may be taken into consideration. Alpha Xi Delta . . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers:' President, Margaiet Watson, Wabash; vice president, Vivian Peterson, East Orange, N. J?; recording secretary, Helen Henn, Chicago, 111.; corresponding secretary, Helen French, Veedersburg; co-treasurers, Betty Doster, Hartford City, and Priscilla Hendricks, Muncie; rush chairman, Betty Young, Naineoki, 111.; social chairman, Mary Jane Doll, Elkhart, and publicity chairman, Karlann Smith, Tipton.
MT Certificai'es All students not in the Enlisted Reserve Corps or the Advanced Course ROTC and who expect to be called by their Selective Service Boards in the future should call at the main office of the Armory to make arrangements for their Military Training Certificates. These certificates should be taken to the Reception Center after induction and shown to the Classification Officer. • These certificates can now be obtained by those students in the ROTC and also by those non-Adv. C. juniors and seniors who have completed their basic ROTC
training.
/
gin next Wednesday and will last until the following Wednesday. The shooting itself will be through four positions, ten shots being allowed in each position. A. R. Rolfs, coach of the University rifle team, will act as final jud^.
Cup To Winner
A cup will be awai'ded to the winner, and medals to the runnersup. There will be no eliminations; the scores shot will be ranked and judging will be based on these
scores only.
There is no need to register, as the targets will serve as qntry blanks. The schedule on the bhUeitin board in the Fieldhouse should be consulted for hours during which the range is open to practice. Knobby Walsh, who is in of the meet, will supply any fttrl&er
information.* ^
■HI
fc
Pu/^ue Ex
4'f * ' » '‘'%-i ^ A FMay, April %"19W-‘
iiaiii
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Edit-oHai and Business Pu^rdMe Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhousc, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
Honorary EditorWillinm G. Hoskins
With the Colors
Editor. Business Monairer News Editor Manaeinir Editor SefttoY AdeertisinB Mannscr Bports Editor. Coed Editor Coed Business Executive
Dole E. Blitz Gerhard H. Klouman Robert W. Boswinkle Sally Beall .Tames G. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Jean l.,auer A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial StatT Aasociim Editors; F. J. Vech, J. T. Richardson, T. L. Tilton, D?.,H. 'Rrson, W. L. Vermilion, M. L. Smith, C. C. Martindlli, E. Murphy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Rikrs, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J. Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith.
Business Staff Assts&nt Advertising Manager: J. Filpi. Advertising Managers: J. Flexon, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J.' Tahh. Circulation Manager: R. H Kroeplin. Accounts Manager: Mary Dilts.
Editor-in*Chief
The Purdue Independent
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Martindell Sports Editor; Sowards Day Editor: Ahrens Issue Editor; Speck - Reporters: Dominik, Abbott, Gregory, Stcllcs, Baynes, Keim, Heiffrich. Lumpkin, Bauer.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103,’act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings durin gthe year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.7B for a semester or $3 00 for two semesters ; by mail for $2.00 tor a semester or $3.50 for two semesters. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Another Rumor. .
orders the Enlisted Reserve Corps will be
SsihvkjL SRupSA.
Neel D. Fauber
, former University bludtnt, h.ib been sent to ICi'fjJvjiie College, Due West, fiouth Caiolina, for a five inonthb’ eourse pi lor to Lis a]j])ointment a.s an Avijplioii Cadet Ills iionie is on Kura] Route 2, Lafa j'jKtte. i Herman C. Bauer ... a former Univerbii> student, has aiiived at Ermine College, .South Caiolina, to hepin a five months’ course in college subjects. After completing course he will he appointed an Aviation Cadet. IViiiei is fioni Hammond.
^ VttSIMTOM ‘ .f* R.s u s Pd OK MERRY-EO-ROUND
Qn, JhjL
DIVERSITY CLUB TO HEAR Hldfl SCHOOL STdDENTS
ly DREW PEARSON McGrady Acts As One-Man Army; Mme. Chiang Kai-shek, Mrs. Roosevelt Decline Offers
During the last few days a persistent rumor has been circulating around the campus to the effect that seventh semester seniors who are in the Enlisted Reserve Corps, or in the second year advanced ROTC will be allowed to remain in school after the end of the present semester and possibly until graduation. The rumor was given further impetus by the fact that several engineering professors conducted polls of their respective classes on the question of whether or not they would remain in school this summer if they were given the opportunity. As has been the case with many other plans concerning the ROTC and the Enlisted Reserve Corps, this plan is only a rumor and so far represents only a bit of wishful thinking on the part of certain officials of the Engineering School. In reply to a letter from Dean Potter concerning the aforementioned plan, Col. Fuller, Chief of the ROTC Section of the Fifth Service Command, pointed out that under existing
called to active duty about two weeks after the close of the present semester and that the second year advanced ROTC will be assigned to Officer Candidate Schools soon after April 20. The actual date on which the Enlisted Reservists will report to the induction center will depend upon the mechanics involved in calling a large number of the reservists to active duty and the necessity for avoiding congestion at induction and reception centers through which also flow the selective service inductees. According to the letter, the War Department is about to fix the dates at which the second year advanced course students will arrive at Officer Candidate Schools to enter a certain designated class. Under required procedures, Col, Beere reported to the Fifth Service Command that April 20 was the date upon which second year advanced course students will become liable for assignment to Officer Candidate Schools. Since the regulations state that second year advanced course students who are members of the Enli.sted Reserve will be allowed to remain in college until graduation provided that graduation occurs prior to June 30, 1943, the only possibility of their remaining until gradua|:ion would be realized if the date for entering Officer Candidate School were changed to June 30. This would allow the students to complete eight weeks of their eighth semester and thus become eligibly to receive their diplomas. Currently the plans remain unchanged and until some further announcement is made, we can assume that SRC’s and the second year advanced ROTC will leave at the end of the current semester. There is a slight possibility that the date upon which the ROTC seniors will be assigned to Officer Candidate Schools might be changed, but at this time it is only a po.ssibility and not fact.—d.e.b.
WASHINGTON—Fearing possible outbreaks in the coal mining states, the War Department has made secret preparations to use troops if necessary. But Ed McGrady, crack labor adviser to the Undersecretary of War, feels that the best way to keep order in the mining districts is to talk to the minors in their own language. Formerly assistant Seex'etary of Labor, he suggested to the War Depaitmcnt that instead of using troops, he be commissioned as a one-man army to keep order. Accordingly, Ed McGrady has left for the coal areas, to keep his finger on the pulse of the coal miners—and to keep that pulse down. • Ladies First At the White House, Mrs. Roosevelt Was chatting with Madame Chiang Kai-shek. Said the First Lady of the United States: “I was offered $1,500 to write a magazine article giving my impressions of you.” Smiling, the First Lady of China replied, “I was offered $3,000 to write a magazine article giving my impressions of you.” Both were ladies. They had both declined to write about each other. • Food Czar II Friends who know Chester Davis, the new farm czar, say he is the best qualified man for the job— which probably is about the toughest in the country. But they also wonder \Vhether Davis is going to have the brass-knuckles to put farms on a complete war footing. Chester, as he is called in Washington where almost everyone knows and likes him, is an unusual mixture. When he was on the National Defense Advisory Committee in the old pre-war days with Big Bill Knudsen, he tangled with Knudsen about the concentration of war contracts in the hands of a few big corporations. He wanted them spread out among^many firms, as the British did. And history has proved he was right. Chester Davis also bucked the chemical trust when it moved heaven and earth to block the production of ammonia under the TVA. And even in those early days before Pearl Harbor he demanded more farm production, with the abandonment of crop controls. • CotS'on is Still King On the other hand, Chester Davis always has been a staunch Farm Bureau man. And the Farm Bureau Federation represents the aristocracy of agriculture. Among other things it represents the cotton farmers, and the biggest nut to crack in converting agriculture to war basis is the cotton bloc. At present the country has a huge surplus of short stable cotton, but because of the cotton bloc the Government still is pegging the price at a point where it is not profitable to raise other crops. If part of this huge cotton acreage were diverted to corn, hogs, peanuts, cattle, the food shortage should disappear. The South can grow almost anything. But Ed O’Neal, President of the Farm Bureau, most powerful farm lobby in Washington, demands that the price of cotton artificially be kept up. The first thing to watch about Food Czar Davis, therefore, is his attitude toward the Farm Bureau. Before he came to Washington in 1933 he was assistant to Earl Smith, President of the Illinois Agricultural Association, which is the state branch of the Farm Bureau. Later, when Davis was AAA administrator (where he did an A-1 job) he had no patience with friends of the little faiiiici.
University Presbyterian Church North St. near Grant John W. Findley, minister 9:30 a, in. Sunday School. Dr. G. H. Graves’ class will continue its study of the book of the Revelation. 10:30 a. m. Morning Worship. Because of the Religious Convo in the Music Hall, there will be no church service in the University Church tills Sunday. Dr. Ralph W. Sockman of The Christ Church in New York will speak on “This Nation Under God.” Next Sunday, April 11, the Rev. John W^ Findley will return to the pulpit 'terminating his leave of absence. 6:30 p. in. Sunday Evening Club. Dr. C. Lanezos of the aeronautical engineering school will be the speaker of the evening. All students, cadettes, and service men are urged to come and get better acquainted with one another.
Program featuring music, bridge and dancing will be presented at the final University Club meeting scheduled for Monday night at 7:30 in the Union B;uildiiiK, according to an announcement by the committee in charge. The program will begin in the Music Room, where West Lafayette High School students under the direction of Marshall Ilowenstine will present a number of musical selections. At the conclusion of the music, bridge play will start in the faculty lounge at 8:30. Dancing will begin at 9 in the ballroom.
Just looking krWni
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
The Britieh Eighth Army under General Montgomery continues to advance against Rommel in the south of Tunisia; but there seems to be some faulty reports about the exact gains of the American and British forces that are advancing from the west. This westward push against von Arman and Rommel
continues to advance 20 or 25
miles from the coast. Of course, it is not explained how such a tactical move is made possible. The armies and news sources in this area should
NEGRO CHOIR WILL GIVE CONCERT SUNDAY AT 3
Southland Echoes, negro choir.
Sunday Services of the AVesley Foundation 9:30 a. m. Student Church School. Two entirely new courses will be offered this Sunday and will continue for two weeks. They are as follows: (1) “Christian Living With Others” taught by Dr. C. L. Porter of the Biology Dept, and (2) Ways of Praying taught by Rev. E. R. Balsley. It is promised that these classes will not approach their subject matter in the same old conventional way! 10:40 p. m. Morning Worship Service. (At the church). Dr. 0. S. Steele will speak. Special music will be furnished by the choir. " 6:15 p. m. University of Christian Living. This program begins with a fellowship supper served for 20c. Promptly at 6:25 the three “University Classes” assemble. Guest speakers this Sunday evening include: Prof. Aljbcrg, Captain Petty and the Rev. E. R. Balsley. All classes assemble at 7:30 in the Great Hall for the closing worship service. The entire program is adjourned by 7:45 o’clock. Every Purdue student and service man is invited to all of these services.
through the Book Co-op. 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach the sermon, continuing the series on “What It Means to he a Christian.” The Communion Service is open to all who attend. Arc you letting Lent help to strengthen your spirit by worshiping God in Church every Sunday ? Evening: Also in the Lafayette Church building (note change in place and time): 5:30 —• Fellowship Supper, 15c. Come and bring your friends, but make reservation at Student Class or call 4393 by 4:00. 6:00—Forum program including recreation, discussion, and worship. “The Social Bases of a Just and Durable Peace” will be discussed under the leadership of a panel including Dick Smith, Boh Bryant, Cortez Kibble, Forrest Coonrod, Patsy Barnett, Avis Flack, Helen Smith, and Janie Packard. 7:30—Vespers-in-drama. In the Church auditorium “A Pageant of AVorship” will be presented. This pageant which is short hut gripping m interest, will'put new meaning into the Cross, the Bible, and the Communion Service to help you in tills Lenten season.
straighten themselves out about the ^iH present a concert next Sunday’ , , . « n'ff.m’nnnTi TnP. rhmv Wlll'aD-
actual gams of zero miles.
XXX
As the Russians grow stronger in the west, their eventual course of action against Japan begins to take shape. The Russians aren’t, and would not, if it were possible, for-
get the humiliating defeat they suf- . fered at the hands of the Japs dur- than two hundred and fifty
afternoon at 3. The choir will'ap pear at the Central Presbyterian Church under the sponsorship ' of the Central Presbyterian Choir. ■ The choir was founded by Rev. W. M. Edwards, a colored pastor of Indianapolis. Floyd Jones selected the twenty-six singers from
ing the Russo-Japanese War. ^hoir members in some twenty fact that the Stalin government and churches in Indianapolis.
the Jap government continue to " ' make trade treaties should worry such vigor that the Germans are no one, for there continues to be getting worried that it might turn border clashes between the two into complete revolt. The Serbian “friendly” nations. AVhen the Rus- patriots are getting back into the sians feel strong enough, and this swing of the thing in new activity may not be for a number of years, against the “fighting” Italians and they will attack Japan or what is Germans. The French have been in left of her and give her the worst a sabotaging mood all winter and beating any nation could possibly the Germans arc at their wits end
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program In the Lafayette Church building, 6th and North St.: 9:30—Student Classes. Prof. Dorothy Bovee, Supervisor of the Experimental Curriculum for Women, will speak. Her subject will deal with the post-war woild under our present scries entitled, “Design for Tomorrow.” The Bible Class will hold its final meeting with a discussion of the lest of the New Testament. Also, patio lago refunds of 21c each will he returned
AA'est Lafayette Baptist Church Corner of Chaunccy and Columbia Reverend J. B. Gleason, pastor 9:30 a. 1 m. — Roger Williams Foundation class hour. Melford Cheney will teach the class. 10:35 a. m.—Morning worship scimon by the pastor on “The Mother of Jesus at the Cross.” Communion services. Music by the choir directed by Ivah Gruver Price. Organist, Mary Louise Reppert. 5:30 p. m. — Roger Williams Foundation fellowship hour and supper. I 6:30 p. m. — Roger Williams Foundation forum hour.
receive. XXX The Japanese have been bringing in more aircraft into the “MacArthur” area, and they seem determined to hold what small footholds they have aiound Australia. The Jap plan of holding around Australit is not exactly understood, for it might mean that Tojo feels that the Aineiican and Australian troops aie getting ready for a now and laige offensive. On the other hand, Tojo might be getting ready for a little offensive of his own. XXX Spring is coming in occupied Europe and it is time the conquered peoples’ thoughts turned to sabotage. This is exactly what is happening. The people of Norway have started off the summer activity with
to stop them. In all, Europe is going to have a lovely spring and summer cooked up for their German .conquerors. ,
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE 'GEORGE BRENTS (BRENDA MARSHALL
m
umueiu
TODAY and TOMORROW
Rim WITH TBEIVla, RMB WBTH THESVI!
plus Filmed Under Fire! AT THE FRONT The Yanks vs. Nazi in Norlh Africa! IN TECHNICOLOR
M8DNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:15 P.M.
4 DAYS STARTING Saftirday Midnight- Show at 11:30
• Big vs. Lif't'le Farmer The split between big and little farinerb was developing then. Jerome Frank, AAA counsel, now Judge of the 2nd Circuit Court of Appeals, believed that more help should be given to the sharecropper and tenant farmer. So did Gardner Jackson and Lee Pressman. Davi.s tangled with them. Finally he forced Henry AA^allace to throw them out in the famous AAA purge. Davis was a close friend of Charles Holman, of the Milk Producers Federation, whom Wallace called a “distributor disguised in overalls.” Davis also tangled with Paul Appleby, then Wallace’s secretary, now Undersecretary of Agriculture, and a champion of the little farmer. The conflict between the tno continues, and .\ppleby is now e.xpected to resign. These one-time critics ol Davis ,conLoiid that farm production can be increased chiefly through the millions of small larmors who don’t have to hire additional labor, but who need seed and feitilizer, rather than through the big farmers who it is argued, are already pioducing near the saturation point. In contrast to tins viewpoint, Davis’ first mo-ve was to bring back to Washington Jesse Tapp, former head of Surplus Commodities, who left to bccoino vicepresident of the Bank of America in California and who sides with the big ciliiis groweis and the Associated Farmeis. Inside fact is that Chestei Davis was brought back by ^x-Justice Jimmy Byrnes. Byines, who understands people and political trends better than almost anyone in Washington, believed Chester could heal the breach between the farm bloc in Congress, the Administration, and the Farm Bureau. Chester has a lot on the ball, and maybe he can do it. • Merry-Go-Round Huey Longish haranguer Gerald K. Smith demands that Vice President Wallace be impeached. ... War workers in San Francisco complain that stores sell meat only from noon to 2 p. m., then 4 to 6 p. m. They have no lime to stand in line for food during work days, hence absenteeism. . . . Tlie National Council for the Prevention of War is sending letters to clergymen suggesteding that they write their congressmen against an 11,000,000 man force. The letter quotes the N. Y. Times criticizing the President for making a purely military determination of the Army’s size. . . . Supreme Court Jjistice Roberts agrees vith Vice President Wallace that the difficulties of the Constitutional Convention after the Revolutionary War were similar to the diflicultie.s of establishing world government now—but not insurmountable. . . . Abolition of the Austrian Legion under Crown Prince Otto a.s a U. S. Army unit came as the result of violent protests from Austrians, Hungarians, Slovaks, inside the Army who were glad to fight for the U. S. A. but not lor the return of the HapSburgs. (Copyright, 1943, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
5 DAYS Sfarl'ing Tomorroiv- 1
Ffidny, April 2, 1943
Boilermaker SpSrts
•»rfriiS^ aifia-a
r
PUGILISTS MEET
SEASON TICKETS /
GARY "Y"
AVAILABLE FOR
SQUAD
1 .'f
d^OtlPERS
Sid Luckman lilkd Fdir Annual Gfidirdfi Clinfe
Riveter Boxers To Meet Gary Pugilists Here Boilermaker boxers slowed down their workouts yesterday in preparation for Saturday’s clash with the Golden Gloves
squad of the Gary YMCA.
For the first time this season the Riveter pugs will be scrapping on their home grounds. Matches have already been held away from home with Valparaiso, Culver Military Academy and the National Collegiate
matches at the University of
Wisconsin
Finalists from two of the intramural weight divisions will appear in the bouts as well as thiee exhibition matches and five vaisxty bouts In one of the exhi bitions, the Rivetei mentoi, Jim Beeis, will face the Gaiy weltei-
weight
McMillen Brothers Pans may expect to see leal ac tion when the two McMillen bi others, Don and Jim, don the gloves The two brothers have just returned from the national collegiate matches at Madison, Wis , where they faced the finest college boxers in the countiy Yeoman Ted Owens will represent the Navy, when he boxes on the Boilermaker squad ^ Two Gary men in the 118 pound class will stage an exhibition These midget battlers are among the fast est in the business and the fans are promised that they will toss plenty of punches Two bundled ring side seats are available foi the fiistaiiivals, while other onlookers must sit in the bal cony seats of the main upstairs Pieldhouse gym There is no admission chaige for the bouts which staid; at 7 30 p m
'Please'
Guy “Red” Mackey yesterday voiced an opinion on a condition that IS very much in evidence on this campus, especially around the Pieldhouse The opinion, or statement, was simply, “The students must not have much respect for the campus and lawns the way they walk across them ” What the head of the athletic staff was refeinng to was the paths that are becoming more and more defined acioss the Pieldhouse lawn There is no excuse for these paths The few steps saved, violating Boileimakei tiadition by cutting acioss the Pieldhouse lawn, aie causing an unsightly scar on what has been in the past one of the most beautiful lawns on the campus It IS requested that the practice
be stopped
C E S
Notice All candidates for the Boilermaker rarsity golf team, lepoit to Coach Harry AUspaw at the ticket house mr University Golf Course ^atiirday afternoon, April 3, at 2 00 Bring clubs —Coach Harry Allspaw
YOUR FAVORITE kENbEVOUS!At The PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION CAFETERIA Because of the pleasant infoimality of our place — the cjuick and fiiendly set vice ^— BUT MOST or ALL . . . Because of the supeib food which we offei at such common sense prices — You’d enjoy dinnei here tonight — Come, iioii’t you! JhsL fiWlduSL ‘r ^ ^ TlljumhmL * ‘9 . The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Coed Bowlers Place Second In Tournament
► Hitting Department Weak The Cleveland Indians decisively beat the Boilermakers Wednesday afternoon, but despite then twelve runs scored they still seem rather weak as far as hitting is concerned Sure, it is too early in the season to start analyzing a ball club However, unless Jeff Heath signs up in a hurry, it looks as if {he Indians will be totally lacking in men who can consistantly hold a 300 average ► AH Facing Same Thing By watching Cleveland work out here for the past three weeks, we have gotten a good idea of just what all the major league clubs are going through because of the present situation Almost eveiy club in either league has an ever increasing manpower problem Pitchers are being used as outfielders, shortstops, second basemen, etc , during inter squad games merely because there sometimes are not two men on the same team trying out for the same position The Indians even had to use then sports writer on thud base a couple of times Of course if you have a man like Keltner playing thud, there is no need for a substitute ^ No individual Stars It IS our guess that because of the present emergency, the approaching season will bring no outstanding individual stars, but instead will be featured by many close games and a close race for the pennant in both leagues With the Yankee machine now considerably broken up, there will probably be no completely dominating team in either league Right now it looks like the war has evened things up fairly well as far as major league baseball is concerned ► Plenty Of ^Old Men' It IS going to be rather interesting to watch how the scores of “old men” come out this summer m then effort to keep the liational pastime going thiough the war—men like the Wanei brothers, Lon Waineke, Johnny Cooney, Ray Stan, Carl Hubbell, Paul Deiimgei and many others All of these fellows, though slowing down a little, are still mighty ciafty and will at least serve as steadying influences for the rookies coming up ► Doing Its Part Also i Regardless of what the appioachmg season will bung—whethei the caliber ol playcis be lower or highei—it is still mighty nice to realize that baseball will continue as long as the teams can still put nine men on the field If for no other puiposc than to sometimes relieve our minds of hardships and difficulties we must face today baseball will be a success and will have done its part toward wmnm,, the war
Bear s Ac^
Td Discuss T' Forihdion Sid Luckman, brilliant field general of the Chicago 9ears
Results for the two-week period for the past four seasons, will discuss “Quarterbacking the‘T’ ending March 23, m the Thud An- Formation” as one of the features of the two ^ay prbgram for nual Women’s Postal American Ten the twelfth annual Purdue Football Clinic to be held here on
Friday and Saturday, April 9-10, it was announced today by
Guy Mackey, athletic director
Each year the clinic has featured some of the professional - — stars as demonstrators of their
Pins Tournament, filace the team from the University m second place Tabulations for the competition are
as follows
High Five-Man Team Milwaukee-Downei
Purdue
Pennsylvania State University of Wisconsin
Vassal
High Individual Score For Two Game Series Eva Williamson, Purdue Mary Comb, Milwaukee
Downer
Janet Wents, Milwaukee-
Downei
High For Single Game Mary Comb, Milwaukee
Downer
Mary Boddmghouse, Purdue 202 Results for the University Team Team No 1
1724 1649 1359 1338 1268
379
372
360
specialized phases of the gridiron technique. Fans will all remember the magnificent show put on last year Sy former Boilermaker star, Cecil Isbell, and his renowned teammate, Don Hutson, formerly of Alabama These men, now starring with the Green Bay Packers, gave an excel-
203
Eva Williamson
379
Maiy Boddmghouse
335
Virginia Riley
327
Mary Jane Roth
310
Teiiy Swinney
298
1649
Team No 2
Betty Hutchins
286
Patricia Chumlea
285
Geoigianne Raecleistoit
279
Mary Helen Woods
278
Lois Reiman
277
1375
W h 1
! c h 1
one
0 f
t h e s
col
lege
non
i s
w e a rin
a Van
H 0 U G
e n
shirt
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Friday, April 2
4 15
Games which have previously been postponed are to be played
today
Diamond 1—Delta Tau Delta vs
Delta Upsilon
Diamond 2—Beta Sigma Psi vs
Kappa Sigma
Diamond 3—Phi Kappa Psi vs
Theta Tau
Diamond 4—Phi Delta Theta vs
Alphi Chi Rho
Diamond 5vs liiangle
THIS IS the one' The famous Von Heusen Collarottached g ves h m perfect comfort
you're right AND comfortable in
A man wants to forget himself once he's dressed right — and he can in famous Van Heusen shirts. That Van Heusen collar attached feels soft os a handkerchief, yet never wilts or wrinkles What s more the natural flip back foldline eliminates 'cutthroat edge from too sharp ironmgl Eaperlly tailored in fine, lustrous white broadcHth, $2.25 tstocM
v/hoV got
Season Golf Course Tickets Available Both University students and staff members will be afforded an opportunity to purchase season tickets at a bargain rate for play on the University 18 hole golf
course during the 1943 season, ac- lent exhibition of the passing tech-
nique that has made them the terror of the league for several sea-
sons
Also appearing on the program is Ed Mchalskey, who holds the position of head gridiron mentoi at Iowa State College, Ames, la Mchalskey will demonstrate the line coaching technique that has turned out some of the finest linemen m the Big Six. Luckman’s Record Luckman ,former Columbia AllAmerican, is regarded as the keenest strategist nr the National Football League, and Jras piloted the Chicago Bears to two national titles and three western division championships in his four years of professional football He has been practically a unanimous choice for quarterback on the all-professional honor eleven of last fall Although considered essentially as a field general, Luckman is also one of professional football’s greatest passers and punters The Bear quarterback has averaged better than 500 on passes completed for four years, his aerial tosses accounting for 30 touchdowns and approximately 3,800 yards In the punting department, he has averaged 43 1 yards from the line of sciimmage On To Pro Ball While at Columbia, Luckman left a three year record that was the envy of the nation’s grid performeis He climaxed these performances by gaming All-American honors during the season of 1938 1939, Luckman’s first season in the pro ranks, saw him just begin to shine The jump from collegiate to professional football IS a long one that many stars are never able to negotiate The following year, 1910,saw Sul climb to the heights on which he now lests That was the season that the eBais climaxed their victory string with the long-to-be-re-membeied 73 0 tiiuraph over the W ashington Redskins on that snowy afternoon when George Marshall, the Redskins’' loquacious owner, nculy committed suicide Bear luminaiies paiticipating in this triumph included Joe Stvdahar, Bill Osman ski Geoige McMee Jack Manders, Geoige Musso Dick Plasman and Ray Nolting 300 lo 500 Mill 4.ttend The Ruetei liosh and varsity squads now holding spimg drills on the intiamuial field will serve as ‘guinea pigs’ ’for the demonsb.’ations The two day practical piogiam IS expected to attract fi'oni 300 to 500 from all parts of the Middle M est
cording to pl^ns for operation an nounced today by Guy Mackey Students “will be offered season tickets which will be honored until the end of the summer term at the rate of $15 00, while the student rate for a fall term season ticket
will be $10 00
For the convenience of regular staff members individual tickets, good for the entire 1943 season will be sold at $22 00 Staff season tickets, which can be used jointly by husband and wife, will be priced at
$33 00
Both students and staff mem beis can purchase season tickets at the office m the Men's Gymnasium Students who do not purchase season tickets will be permitted to use the course upon payment of a fee of 30 cents for nine holes or
50 cents for 18 holes
The general public will be permitted to use course upon payment of a gieen fee of $1 00 per day Cleveland Club Leaves Today Today the Cleveland Indians hold then finals workout on the Boiler maker campus and at 4 00 p m leave for Indianapolis on the first jump of their exhibition tour before the staid; of their regular season
Alpha Gamma Rho which starts in Cleveland the latter
part of April
M/VIL ORDERS HI LED
I he California
TRikskirT
PAT PEND ■
NOW HAS 5!
OF CALIFORNIA
Neatebt little trick oi the month, the heaboii.
the jeai !
• You can fink il flat as i paiicaki, and roll il up in >our purse • You can luin Us sinooth placket right, left, fore and alt to ktt p in shape ill around • You can forget about iieciiunt pressings , its twelite tueked pleat gores praetieallv ealet theinselees. Ol ( aliloinia’s laeoii Strutter e loth in hlatk, nae> brown, acpia, blue, beige and red Si/es 2 / to 32 waist ineisuies SI'ORISYYLAR—Y1 Vl^ 1 LOOR Palais RpLjal
DR PAUL A RISK
DR LUTHER A
RISK
DR HAROLD J
RISK
— DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz
Bldg
4th and Mam Sts
Phetnet ST01
—•
====L
DEBRIS Price Rise APRIL 13
Now $4 00
'I'hen $4 50
Get your copy right awayA\ ft ^ * "'VI -^4. f
t ?£f
News Of The Day (Unaltered, JJnadulterated)]
''V -I Mjl ^ j Friday, April 2, 1^43
Signal Corps
“ihe seal city o± doctois has certainly made him mdependenthe aly ays used to give me sugar coated pills—now he tells me to stop complaining ”
University Calendar
Tuesday, March 30
Friday, April 2 All DaA Ind Absn of Tut Faimeis of Am 9 00AM Soil Con^ei\ation Meeting lO 00 A M Futuie taimeis of A.meiica 4 00 P M Cobmopolitan Club 6 00 PM Futuie I ainieifa Banquet 8 30 P M PIA Dance Saturday, April : 8 00 A M Futuie Fai niei s ot Amei ica 7 00 P M 41pha Chi 5th2 Amin Diiuiei 8 30 P M Mi\ei
Coeds Gild Coveted Fruit . . . pledges Feel Lack Of Chem Knowledge While Attempting To Mix Oil And Water
Peggi Steffes Last Tuesday night 12 illustiious newly pledged voung women on the campus weie busy tiving to solve an enviable ‘ chemical assignment To wit the applvmg of a watciv gold solution to an oih skinned vegetative object The piepaiation of this spicy little vegetable is leallj quite in tiicate The insides must be mas teifullv scooped out and leplaced Nf'ith tallow diippings Ihe thing bolds about thiee candles so fan maiden has ample oppoitunity to meditate while the candle blowlv drips Paint Job Next comes the paint job One fiustiated pledge tiied giving the "coveted fiuit” a vigoious ‘ My Sni’ cologne i ub hoping the alcohol constituent would ' evapoiate the oily suiface No wondei she flunked a chem couise The gold peisisted in lunning togethei in maddening globules Finallj aftei patient peisistence the gold peppei squatted lesplendentlv-^finished' Of couise this balmy weathei isn’t vei\ conducive to food piesti vation hciicc oui fan pledge e\ pects to be earning the black maggoty lemains of a once pioud peppei aflci a week oi two What Apiil fools those aetne aie if thc> think she 11 ma! e a new pejipei cveiy thiec oi foui days To sec the lesults of ifoicnien tioned eolieetive laboi s one must stioll by the Union at 4 p m any daj Heie biight faced Pepjiei pledges holding then gleaming tpkens of achievement sin„ out in piaibe of oui alma matei Yestei ejay at then fust songlest the pledges gave out w ith Hail Pui due” in lustv voices piomptlv at the stioke of 4 fins will jnobablv be a familial sight and sound on the campus foi the next two week^ April Fool Party Will be held it the I ni vet site Pi csbj tei lan ( liuu h tonioi i w eve ning at 8 oeloe' Ajipioi i' le in teitaninient is being planned Pe fieshments anei dancing will be in 01 del
Union Building Room 203, Union Rooms 356, 1G3 Union Room 304 Union E <L W Fac Lgs Union South Balli oom Union I Rooms 355 363 Union E & W Fac Lgs , Union Noith Balliooin Union
Placement Notes For Women Scholai ships aie being ofteied by the Chance V lught Aiiciaft Coi poiation to tiain college women as engineeiing assistants 3he schol aiship tiaiiiing which is oheien to outst indin„ women who hive com pleteel then junioi oi senioi veil in colle.,c will begin late in June at New Toik Lniveisitv Aftei leceiving ei,,ht month'- of special technic il tiaining at N Y U the students will go on to a shop tiaining jiiogiam it Stiat joid Conn Upon the satisJaetoiy completion ot the couise the tiainees aie eligible loi positions in the engineeiing depaitment oi the aiiciait coipoiation At 4 p in Wednesday, Api il 7, Di Evans a i epiesentative oi In (iian i Ui iveisitv J i iinin„ Co use foi Social Woik will speak m the Education huilding and will deseiibc oppoitunities and ti uiiiiig in the field of social woil All students inteiesicd aie invited to ittend the mooting Dialc Ihiiveisitv Dos Moines lov/a (Alls f me 1 ivloi Cubl)a,3e De in of Momcn) is lool ing loi i voun,, women iiiteiested in woil ing foi hei M A degiee ind e lining hei full expenses doin,^ lesidciiee hill will Ihe stipend is lull tui lion i suite of looms ind bond plus S <5 iici month Applications must lie eni to the dean ot women bv Apiil 15 II vou lie inteiestcd will vou pie ise iiotilv Plaecinint Seiviee foi Women (2955) at once J he Chicago Commons Suminei
Notices
Delta Bho Kappa Initiation banquet at G p m Friday April 9, in Old Chestnut room All pledpres will he present AdtiVes planninp: to attend inform me at next meetinr which will be announced latei Doctor Carky of the Chtm Department Will be KU<sl spcakti —BOBMA International Kelations Club Mcctinir on lucsclay niphi April b at 7 30 m r^m 208 (f the Union —WEAR
Military Training ( crtificntes those Btu ddits who art not in tlu 1 RC and cxpfCt to join the Armc I Sctmic «hould call it he Aimorv to make aiianpcments -^or thin
ROIC (eitiricntes —RORIN&ON — , . i „ p
— Sipma Della Chi loimal initiation of
Sigmn I)cltn chi Pkilucs i icl up nlaqucs will bu hiUl^rucs^iUiv April 6 All
in the 1 xponent odue on my Icsk
equipment developed at the Aircraft Radio Laboratory, Wright Field, Dayton, D , IS used in all Army Air Force's planes Here Miss Betty Walters is conducting a pre flight test on equipment installed in a cargo transport plane while Lieut R W Gilliland makes preliminary adjustments (Official Photograph U S Army Air Forces) Camera Fans Give Exhibit
- BOSWINKII
StudontB in Machine Design Courses Mike ups ft r t( ts missed in M L 11 ( > and (( will b fULn at I p m Suturd iv Ai nl 6 in Kim lOl ol the Mithanual Li gmetMl buildinj, AUl 1 /II Sturlents Jh Wtstminstor loundi lion inMlcs yt u to then April led PaiLv Satuidaj Aiiil at 8 i n in the iccrea ti n j tin of the Univtisitv lusbjtirian (hi h NORDI IN(xl R W( V Cnbi let Mcribtrs If vou aie HP? t( b h i this summir^miot at lu 1N s I 1 lav Apiil ! ill m J( 1 a ) 1 J j,i un 1 ai nin;, eonfeicnce
PACKARD
Phi Ltnibda Lpiilon Rough initiation on Satiidiv April \ PI dges irid actives niubt atte id Kilicfahint t (lOI 1 Reaintrs Ml letiv and h n iiiv m m l)( 1 iiiet m th east hall ol the Unu n irimpth it 5 1 Monday Apiil 5 Icfire mngtoth dinnei I >r a repe 11 on I h ck s ommittc see Suridiys Exponent
BRAY
Delta Rho Kapp i Ai y jikd^e wh do not (btain i kdge boards from me by Sat uiday Apiil i will be diopiud fr m iileckc list Call Cary Hall loom dh E — SCIILPARl/ Dolphin Club Rough initiation Sund ly it 3 1 1 m in swimminj, pjol of Full house Time is limited so e^e^yone pitas be on time Pledges bung boxes and all other paraphainalid on list DUNN
DIhIkcv mat in Iht Exponent office at 6 10 p m All netivia ami aliimni members are invited to initiation diniior at 6 Room will be innounced in I xponent later Iiatlicr Mull! an 1 Beat loaeh r winners will be sel rted at dinner RAFERT
Purdue Plajers It 7 10 1 m 11
Meeting luesday April 1 ( wlei Hall - GRAY
( hincae Studenla Monthly meeting Fridiiy eveiime, it 7 in room 300 <f the Union
Music Hall Sunday ' ill attend rcligiriua
FRAlG
\Wt\ Me t il tlu It 10 0 p m We eonvo in a gio ip
All Scabbard and Blade Mcmbera Sign p fn b nquet to be held Saturday A-prll it it 1 1 m lei ro noon Wcdiie-sday April (i I 1st IS lociit d on Advanced Course Bulletin Biard in Armory It iR aaaUmeel lliat jou wilj bring a date ■—RAFERT
llolp'ini
Apiil ( a 1 leldhouse
Club I ormal initiation Tuesday till!) m in loom 101 of the SMITh
Purdue Engineer Staff meeting Friday Apiil 2 it I p ni in the olTioc Debris nieturcR veiil be tiken informal _ —KIMBRELE
B> Belt Richciiclson Beautv and the bcabt ate both on displaj in the Cameia Club b spini^ exhibit in the Music Room of the Union until Vpi il 1 The exhibit ib composed ot piiae winning and oui standing photos of the contest which closed Maich 22 All of the pictuies hive boine ieituio about them th it ib like ible The beabt lefei led to ib meiclj an qipe ihng little piipp-y while the beauty is—well spcctitois have been heaid to inquiie if Iheio aie leally giils that attiaotive on the Camp needs dietitians foi then sum 11101 session Silii^—boaid and loom plus S150 ioi the season “kiiv one inteustcd should call PI ice ment SciViee toi M omen (29o5) at once Indian i Pei sonnel Bond an nounecs th it it wishes to leeeive ipplic itions loi the iiosition ot Diiectoi ol St ite Reisonnel iiom ill qualifi (1 ipplit lilts u)) to Apiil 14 IJl Applis int must h ivo had it le ist two veiib oi expel icneo in eithci public Ol piiv ite peib-onnel ulministiation Ihe Pei sonnel ict fixes the sal ii v 1 iiige ol the po ition it the min imum 1 lie but it will consulei i iiuhei stilting saluv if neiesfauv No offici il ipnliciiion lor-'n pio vided hut ipplisanls no ■■ iged to submit detnled inloimation ind exhibits coiiecinin^ tluii ti nnin,, nul exiieiicnee Apj he it oiis shoil 1 he ukliessed to the Indian i Poi aonnel Boaid 141 South Meiidian SLieet Indianapolis Indn.ua Agiieiiltuial specialists aie need ed by the U S Civil Seivici Com niibbion Foi the hegniiniig job qualifications inelude i minimum of hve veils ol txpeiieneo educ ition Ol a eombin ition ol the two in sonu bcientllie oi some othci piolcssioii il jihasc oi igiieullLiiL Buitnei ii toiiiiation m iv he pbt ii cd thiou h the PI lecment St nice to 'Women Ihe U S Civi' Seme Conimn Sion miiouiiees positions foi an i l\sts 11 busines nid ndu t y he ginning if 000 jici \i ii In uldi iion two veais of exiiciieiue ne lequnedjoi the iiinioi in ilv t |ol) Alii one qualiheil nul inteiestcd should iiiquno at H e PI eenient Seiviee loi Women
campiib To the aveiage amateiii sn ipshot f inatie those photogiaphs seem like a collection of the fiont toveis of Life oi a similai pictuie nia,^azinc but they aic aetu illy the woik ot students oi someone eon netted with the Unlvclblt^
Judging Is Difhtulf
Teehnieally speakin„ all the pho- fiebh
to^iaphb exhibited aie almost en tiioly flee iioni the blemishes that seal the efloits oi main aniateui photo^i iphcis To most la\nien all of the pu till Ob bcem woithy of pii/cb ind he finrlb it difficult to ehoose fiom among them Judging in such i contest is no easx t isk ind man\ times iheio iie pietiiies of almobt equ il quality ind the final decision lests on binall details Lone ot the jihjto.,iaphs show h iisli lealism luit weie t iken to ^et the in iximuni efleet of 1 eautv whethci bj the eoinposition ind bilanet oi bet uisc oi tiie inheient heuity oi the ohjee jiittuied One pictuic th it dovi lies shiiplv noiii the iisLiil IS ‘ OietUb b\ lewis C ise which showb i c ictus blossom nd gives oiilv i su„.,estion o( its
jiinv piotectois
Cl cell Ajiples i sliuL of a loi loin little puppv with i wiinklcd ice evolcd mudi c nnniei t 'spe eiillv fiom coed who immednlelv ]i onounced him adoi iblt One .,iil w IS so moved liy this photo th it she 1 iishtd out Lo Iniv i ^ ildfish bee ui e the puppy wab so cute and ciiddl\ — 111 ex iiiiiik < 1 leminii c lo i A btudj of sea^ullb outlined i 1111 t i eloiidv sky hj Flct hci 1 hoi lie Thomsen is a sinking jii t e inio/in 1 ee lUsc if its ejinpo ■-ition uid the difficult sLihjci t While i/ii it this one ( u n I iu Ip v 11 dc 1 ing il Hie J) co i ipl ei p ii I tin
nils l 1110 IV U( s
On the wliole the cniii ilisj)] u w is i t II civ fiom the 11 list osi
ties an aveiage cameia toting stu dent foiees upon his fi lends The exhibit demonstiated the fact tjiat jihotogiaphyr is an ait and should be tieated as such Pei haps if eveiy ownei of a “Biovvnie” would be inoic caitful theie would be fewei pictuies of Hailein in a blackout,
and distoited human be
ingb in faniily albums with which to ti ighten the unbuspecting visitoi
PIA Changes Dance Date To April 16 Contiaiv to pievious announce ments, the PIA Dance oiigiiially scheduled foi tonight has been postponed until Fiiday night Apnl 16 It was postponed due to diffi culties expeiiencecl in aiianging foi in oichestia howevei the an nounced date is now definite
/
Try an Exponent Classified'
Classified Ads
Typewriicrs Adding machines all makes Bold rtnt(d repaired and purchased MImeo* iph work dotic C J Ebershoff, 605 Main« Lafayette Phone 27/9 Money to Loan On diamonds watnhes, ^,un‘3 luggage typewriters AlberUft tiOaii OITicc 407 Columbia Wanted—Students to deliver Purdue Exponent Apply Exponent office or call R H
Kroeplinc 8421
Lost—In men s rest room basement of UiiKii Monthly March 29 Swiss stop watch Wrist m del Inige icward Call Worth Yoden 500"' ^59 Vine St For Sale—Post slide rule E E Log-Log Used one semtster $9 00 Chapin 8421 Lost—Sh^effei red and black fountain pen Rewsid Call 4368 Paul Baumgardt Wanted Will pay c ish for desk model i ulu) C ill J lek phone 51581
Everything for a Coil ego Education DEAC’S
Theta Xi
social il ifeinity, innounces file initi ilioii ot W 1 end f hieaf,o, 1 il lesson Kokomo R Comm „oic W Blew Nia„aia I alls, N \ L Koidstiom Chicago R Li„ „ett W i ikf^ 111 111 1 IMillei, C T imb Del (hi n Ixv 1 Wells St Louis, Mo , P Schaif, New Albany
ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS' WED, MARCH 14 ADVANCED THURS, MARCH 15 7:30 P M. PHONE 2150 ALLEN S filhandlerrv
Phi Mu
soeiil soioi itv MIOLIIKI Lh( elcition ol ihc Lilowiii i \ of) tcis Pitsi(l( lit ^1 u V D< II ( (lit I'list \ ie< Pi(M(hi)i 1 Ol 1 ( i,l I lock, S< coikJ Nice PiesKhnt^ I ij tllla ( an Sn k t nv W ilm , Riv elt, J lea uiti Jo iniu 1 ml n \ Rcgibtiai MaijoiK Paint Rijimi «i Helen JJanItn llistonai Xmiu Huth .Stuibon Sonal Cliaiiniin fJlojia Spnhf
A Matter ©f Thrift! Thrift is always important, but doubly so in artime. When you conserve the life of the things you own it means less replacements for civilians, more necessities for the armed forces. USE CROWN ( LEANiNG SERVK^E REGEEARLY AMD BUY WAR BONDS Crown Laundry
IWE DRY CLEAmiSG
THERE'S NO SHORTAGE OF SPRING! WrLL at lea t Ihey wou t ration Spring So pep u}; vilh vj little regalia for your P'^’rson Manhattan shirts for instance Some ol those cheerful nov^ Spring pastels or crisp white shiris vnth si lart collars in a fyle to suit your face Man Formed to body lines and Size-Fixt to stay your size —average fabric shrinkage is only 1 per cent or less It 11 do you good to come in and get yourself Manhattanized lor Spring And how about some lively now Manhaitari tico to harmonize and a supply of col orlul Manhattan handkerchiefs'' WLanhcdlcut.
SHIRTS
TIES • HANDKERCHIEFS