i ,
Convention Men Dance. DineTonight Al Katx Will Play For Invitational Formal Visiting delegates to the eighteenth annual convention of the Association of College Unions open their third official session this morning at 9:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of Purdue’s Memorial Union Building. Discussion by Dr. J. E. Walters of “Activities as an Aid to Student Development,” will open the morning’s program. Dr. Walters is University director of personnel. Officers of the Purdue Student Union will present reports of the Student branch Union activities beginning at 10:30,. Hockema To Address Conference Luncheon will be served to conventioners at noon. Assistant to the president, Prof. Frank Hockema will discuss for the group “What Industry Expects of the College Graduate.” After a midday breathing spell, the convention opens its fourth official session at 2 p. m. today, when Charles N. Zively, director of the University of Texas Union, speaks on “Activities of Union Directors.” “How the Alumni Look at the Union” will be explained at 3:30 by Cornell University’s Alumni Field Secretary, Ray Ashberry. Elliott To Speak At Dinner A formal dinner in the Union fac ulty lounge at 7 will mark the high spot of the entire convention. Dr. Edward C. Elliott, President of the University, will make a short talk, and University Controller, R. B. Stewart, will discuss “University Business Policy in Relation to the Union Cultural Program.” No Corsages Today’s last convention event will be a formal invitational dance in honor of the delegates. Al Katz and his Kittens will play for the affair to be held in the Union ballroom at 9 o’clock. Corsages will not be worn at the dance. Nash Predicts An American Revolt Dr. Jay Nash, head of the education department of New York University, gave the principal address at yesterday’s session of the Union conference being held at the University. Dr. Nash began his speech by saying that he was not going to pass judgment, but merely was going to hold up a few signs of the time to the listener. The speaker continued by saying too many people spent far too much time sleeping. Dr. Nash said the three great flop-houses of America are: armchairs in front of radios, motion picture theaters, and cheap magazines. The speaker maintained that most of our crime today comes from (^ur small towns where there are no recreational, educational, or athletic facilities. He cited the case ' of John I^illinger as an example of
this.
The speaker ended his address by predicting America'' would have a revolution within a year. 'Suzy Q' Shinn To Play For PIA Dance Saturday By John O. Minier Mi3i:ing partners will be the aim of the PIA tea dance to be held tomorow afternoon in the Union ballroom. Try going through one of the circle dances tomorow, without mixing with someone! Have you an S. P. (secret passion) for that willowy brunette who you see in front of the Chem Building every day. Ju^t cut in on her, if you are the posessor of a broom, during the broom dance, and all will be well, (we hope). “Suzy Q” Shiim, and his talented aggregation of cohorts in rhythm will swing forth with the latest tunes. Members of the National Convention of College Unions will be the guests at the dance, and all girls are especially urged to come. Those fellows who do not have dates should register with the PIA office not later than Friday night.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY Lafayette, Lidiana VOL 49 No. 69
iebaters Begin Annual Conference
Senning, McKelvie To Discuss Value Of Legislatures At the general session of the eighth annual High School Debaters’ Conference which is set for 10 a. m. tomorow in Fowler Hall,' the visitors Will hear two recognized authorities on unicameral and bicameral legislatures. Dr. John P. Senning, head of the political science department at University of JSlebraska, and the Honorable Sam R. McKelvie, former governor of Nebraska, will present both sides of the debate proposition in an informal discussion. President Elliott will act as chairman for this session. Friend of Norris • Dr. Senning, “right-hand man” for Senator Norris of Nebraska’s campaign for its unicameral system, and recommended by the latter as an authority on the subject, is also author of a book entitled, “The One-House Legislature.” He has spent many years studying the problems of government reform, and has received degrees from Western Union College in Iowa and the University of Illinois. McKelvie, who is to uphold the bicameral system, served in the Nebraska legislature two years, as lieutenant governor two years, and governor of Nebraska for two consecutive terms. McKelvie entered farm newspaper work in 1902 and in 1905 became editor of the Nebraska Farmer of which he has been publisher and principal owner for the last 30 years. Driver Examiners' Convention Meets Representatives of the Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles and state police convene today in the Memorial Union Building at 10 p. m. for an oi’ganization session of a sixday conference continuing through December 8. The purpose of the school, local authorities state, is to qualify officials for examining persons who have not driven cars or those who have not driven a car for a year or
more.
The Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles and Indiana Division of Public Safety are collaborating with the National Safety Council to sponsor the school. Representatives of the Public Safety Department of Indiana, the State Granger Department, State Public Institute of Safety, American Legion, Indiana Bureamof Motor Vehicles, and PTA Congress, will be included in the assembly. Instructors and speakers in the conference are J. S. Baker, Chicago, traffic consultant on National Safety Council, !pr’. E. C. Elliott; Frank Finney, commissioner of Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles; Donald S. Stiver, department of Indiana Public Safety; and J. L. Lingos, public safety specialist of the University. WS6A Entertains Women Delegates Women delegates to the convention of the Association of College Unions were entertained by WSGA members at a tea yesterday afternoon in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Mary Ellen Delaplane and Georgianna Huber poured for the 60 guests. Dean Dorothy C. Stratton^ Miss Clare Coolidge, Prof. Elizabeth Mitchell, Miss Helen B. Schleman, Miss Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, Miss. Marian Willioughby, and Miss Roberta Connolley were among’^the members of the faculty px-esent to welcome delegates
Among Convention Confusion Camera Club Opens Exhibit Of Members ^Prints
By koving Reporter
Plopped rather unceremoniously in among the delegates to the Union convention, the Camera Club’s most extensive exhibit consisting of some 76 prints, opened before a throng of picture gapers in the upper hall of the Union yesterday afternoon. Fathered by D. A. Samuelson, Union vice-president, ami prexied by Jim Shoemaker, the Camera Club has done well by itself. The exhibit is certainly worth walking up the steps to see. The prints, executed entirely by Camera Club members would rank with most professional work. The club is offering prizes in each of four divisions, as well as a grand prize. The four divisions are landscape, still life, animals and babies,
and portrait.
Writer Picks Winner Winners are to be announced tomorrow, but to make the competition interesting we’ll announce our winners, selected by a person who knows nothing about photography except that he knows a picture he likes when he sees it. We pick an informal shot of fishing boats tethered at the wharf as the best landscape division. It has tone, the composition is pleasing
and realism exudes from it to such a degree that you can almost hear the waves lapping at the wharf piling. ! A striking highlight silhouette on an ebony black background of a pretty girl whose face is illumiiiated by candlelight, we name as the best portrait. In still life, we have two choices. One is titled “An Engineer’s Nightmare” and is a conglomerate portrait of a slide-rule, celluloid triangles, log book, dividers, etc., and a wiskey bottle. The other is named “Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday at Nine” and consists of a slide rule dropped carelessly over the open page of a EE book. Couldn’t Pick Baby Winner We didn’t feel up to picking a winner in the animals and babies division because we known scarcely more about babies than the fact that they cry when they are hun-
gry.
As grand prize winner we’d name the picture of boats in the landscape division. These selections are probably all wet, but it’ll be a tough job for anyone to pick the “best” pictures out of a group in which all look very good.
Debate Tomorrow
Debris Picks Campus Beauties Tomorrow Contest' Wifi Form Nucleus Of UnionVarsity Show
Varsity Show entertainment will form a background for the 1938 Debris campus beauty contest in the Union balh'oom tomorrow night at 7 o’clock when impartial off-cam-pus judges select four reigning queens from the ranks of Purdue pulchritude. Debris Editor Ehinger announced last night that 63 co-eds had been named so far to compete for coveted color photos in the yearbook. Nominations are still in order, but must be in before 5 o’clock tonight. Any student may enter his be.auty pick by giving her name to officials in the Debris office. ' With Dave Thompson announcing and Bud Bryant’s sophisticated swingsters furnishing the rhythm, the Varsity Show will get under way promptly at 7. Seats for 800 will be available in the ballroom. Ehin'^er To Explain Contest After the first four Varsity Show specialty numbers Chuck Ehinger will take the floor and staid; the contest. First he’ll explain the contest details and judging points. Then he will elaborate on the proposed natural color presentation of the beauty pictures in the Debris. Alphabetically, the girls will pa-
rade across the stage, each one getting formal introduction to the audience from Ehinger. After the parade, Bryant and Co. will continue the show. During the course of the evening, two eliminations will be made, and the field finally narrowed down to about eight gii-ls. Then the judges will make their final decis
ion.
Sunday morning’s Exponent will carry the first announcement of the judge’s choice. All the co-eds entered in the race will meet this afternoon at 5 p. m. with Debris officials in the Debris office. There they will be told just how they’ll be judged, and how to act while on parade. Co-eds Who’ll Compete Co-eds thus far named to enter competition tomorow include: Mary Anderegg, Valerie Armstrong, Louise Bain, Georgianna Baker, Ruth Bennett, Treva Bery, Marjorie Blocker, Dorothy Boer^cke, Peggy Boyce, Martha Brown, Dorothy Bi’yant, Ruth Bryant, Mary Burtsfield, Muriel Colip, Bai-bai-a Cook. Peggy Dicks, Mary Jane Dietrich, Prances Eastburn, Ruth Ezra, Rosemary Fiel, Frances Ford, Mary El(Continued on page 4)
Honorable Sam R. McKelvie, exgovernor, lieutenant governor, and legislator for Nebraska, who will defend the bi-cameral system at the debaters’ general session in Fowler
Hall at 10 a. m.
With Each Other
Parties List Platform Planks
Bona-Fide Party For the improvement and enlargement of Gala Week and Commencement activities we, the members of the Bona Fide party, submit and will uphold the following platform : 1. 'Revive the traditional Senior Ball. 2. Hold impressive outdoor commencement as successfully staged by other leading universities. 3. Provide a plentiful supply'of commencement tickets. 4. Arrange a Saturday holiday for senioi’s during Gala Week. ^ You’ll be SATISFIED WITJI BONA FIDE. Signed, Jack Goory, Bob Martin, Johnny O’Connor, Jeanne Perkins, Chris Sanders, I Howie Slone.
Square Deal Party The Square Deal Senior Gala Week Committee proposes a definite program: 1. To make Gala Week—really
GALA.
2. To plan a tea dance in the afternoon, and a Summer Formal the same night; with the hiring of one orchestra. 3. To extend to the Senior Class their choice of orchesti’a, arangements, and dkte of Gala Week. 4. To give the Seniors, in their last undergi’aduate social function, the whole-hearted support of the entire student body. 5. To welcome froin the Seniors any feasible suggestions. In'short, give the Seniors the type of Gala Week they want. The Square Deal Party, Jean Small, Virginia Slocum, D|. D. Baals, R!. B. Davis, J. Seaborg, E. N. Cox.
High School Representatives To Hear Purdue-Wisconsin Collegiate Debate High school debaters and their coaches, numbering nearly 800, will come frorh more than 70 Indiana schools to attend the eighth annual High School Debaters’ Conference here today and tomorrow. Conference director, L. S. Winch, of the University speech department, and the conference committee have arranged a three-fold program for the visiting delegates, to consist of an informational discussion by two nationally recognized authorities on unicameral legislatures, a debate between Purdue and Wisconsin, and a variety of en-
tertainment.
Registration Begins At 11:30 Registration for the conference, which is designed to “pep up high school debating and assist the debaters in rounding out their topics” will open today at 11:30 a. m. in the Memorial Union Building. Following registration the forensic fans will assemble in Fowler Hall at 2:15 p. m. to hear Purdue’s negative team consisting of Joe Rittenhouse and Wayne Fredericks, debate against the Wisconsin affinnative combination. Prof. J. H. McBurney, of the Northwestern University school of speech, will give a critique and decision following
the debate.
Prof. A. H. Monroe, head of the Purdue speech department, will act as chairman for the debate. Albert Stump, Indianapolis attorney and former Butler and Indiana University djebate instructor wil laddress the convention briefly at the annual banquet tonight at 5:30. His subject will be “the Applause of Listening Senates.” Concert Choir To Sing Concei’t Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, is scheduled to appear before the conference at the banquet. After eating, the visiting high school debaters will attend Playshop’s production of “Hell Bent Fer Heaven,” at a specially reserved performance. 'Hell Bent Fer Heaven' Is Sell-Out For Third Successive Evening Before the third successive sellout house, a seven-membered cast presented “Hell Bent Fer Heaven” for the fourth time last night in Fowler Hall. The play mai-ked the retui'n to playing on the campus by the Playshop, after a period of enforced playing in Lafayette. The faults in Fowler Hall have been eliminated now by the I'ecent reconditionings. Tonight the cast will- perfonn again especially for the assembled delegates to the Debate Conference. The play runs through three acts in an hour and forty-five minutes with only a darkening of the stage accompanied by music to separate the successive acts. This straight x'unning necessitated by difficulties in the management of the new cur(Continued on page 2) Big Four Offers IVo Holiday Rates Big Four Railroad systems this year not offering *■ special holiday rates for students, the system’s authorities annoimced
yesterday.
Last year, several special trains were run with round trip fares costing only one an^ a half times the single way price. This was made possible only by extending the time of validity of the return ticket. This ex- ^ tension of time will not be given this year, so students will be unable to ti*avel on the px-evious
low rates.
Special txrains at i'egular J fares may be run however, if enough students sign up foir •
them.
Dr. John Senning,, recommended by Senator Noris of Nebraska, as a leading a'uthority on unicameral
legislature.
AlUCampus Party
If elected to the Gala Week Com-
mittee, we
Fay Pendergrass, Marty Schreyer, Nelson Parkhurst,
Dave Thompson, and
Ray Schenk
make one and only one promise: 1. That this will be the most Gala Gala Week for the “guys” and ‘I'Galas”! of the senior class.
Co-eds Leave Today For
Chicago Inspection Trip
Seventeen co-eds studying child development, will leave for Chicago today on an inspection ti'ip, the object of which is to demonsti*ate phases of educational and remedial work with children. Prof. Laura Partch, director of the nursei'y school, assisted by Miss Helen Duff,
voill accompany the gix'ls.V Y ■#|A *-\ ' ^ «> i »l I T
THE PSBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, December 3,1937
I Aik':
the Purdue Exponent
High School Debaters... .... from the four corners of the state will grab brief cases this morning and set out by various paths on a jaunt that ends annually at Purdue. Approximately a thousand forenfeic leaders from Indiana’s secondary schools will start a two-day stand at Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at their eighth conference here in as many years. Conference sessions on two fronts will make Purdu/ a “convention center” of both state and nation today and tomorrow. The debaters open their word war in newly-rertiodeled Fowler Hall at 2:15 p. m. today, while student union delegates from all parts of the country are carrying on a discussion program in the Memorial Union Building. Both groups will convene again tomorrow morning. From the high school students who throng the campus this week-end we may well expect to step forth the political and industrial leaders of tomorrow. The, ability of. self-expres-sion which debate training provides is an essential to leadership. Participation in student forensic work is valuable from a material consideration aside from any personal satisfaction it may give. This fact was proved in a recent study by the Bell Telephone System on extracurricular activities ranked second only to editorial experience in desirability from the standpoint of salary after graduation. The 1,000 high school debaters will get a two-day preview of Purdue life today and tomorrow which will bring some of them back next fall for a four-year performance.
MEMBER HUXSOM WISCDIGIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneress of Mar^ 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorised Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. nBPnEBBNTEO FOR NATIONAL ADVERTIBINO 9V National AdvertisingServiceJnc. Coll»g0 Publishers Representative . 42iO Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. Chicago • boston * L08 Angeles • sah Francisco MAIN OFFICB 312 N. Fifth St, Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6088 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union' Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief
Bnainesa Mtairngtr
R. P. Manion
D.C. Miller
pubucaTion staff Managing Editor J, E. Brack Associate Editors ...... D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, G. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanback, D. R. Vance ^ Editor’s Secretary. Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager........ M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Blditor..... Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor..... i — R. F. Obenehain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University vieT^oint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Bailey Issue Editor—Deckard / Friday, December 3, 1937
collegiate
By Mary Cooley Dental hygenists at the University of Minnesota work on life-sized dummies in developing the technique of cleaning teeth. Those dummies are completely equipped with angular noses and chins, a normal shaped tongue, and even lips of elastic cloth. Tongues, which are a lot of bother in any dentist’s office, are continually getting in the students’ way because they move only up and dovTn, not sideways. The streamlined head models are named (Oswald, Bobo, or Phineas, perhaps) and are treated as individual personalities. The students vary their conversation daily to fit the pseudo-patient of the day. The response of experimental gadget is peculiar; if a student drops an instrumetn down its mouth, the instrument merely falls onto the working table via the model’s opefi throat. No snappy comebacks from the supposedly irate customer^— this dummy takes it on the chin. Zeta Beta Tau at Ohio State University is going to the dogs (literally). “Bismark,” just a plain dog, has been pledged to this chapter. He is the only canine in the world officially affiliated with a Greekletter organization, according to the fraternity. The “Limburger Limited” is the expressive nickname which sticks to the lizzie of a Stanford frosh, mostly because the odor does too. This is why. A practical joker spread the essence of Limburger all over the steering wheel, the door handle, gear shift ball, and various other spots. The indignant owner of the Ford roadster was unsuccessful at wiping off the smell'^with a rag or vanquishing it with an eraser. Now he doesn’t need a horn to warn people he’s comingl T. K. Hoss To Address Women's Lounge Meet T. K.'Noss, of the department of education, is looking forward with no little misgiving to entering, for the first time in his life, the Women’s lounge next Tuesday, where he will talk on “Japan Faces the World.” Drawing upon the knowledge he gained from spending his boyhood years in Japan, and from following with interest the empire aims of this nation, he will discuss in detail the influence which the white race and other races have had in teaching Japan the truism, that “Might Makes Right.”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee With the fall and rise of the females—^fall from the tier of untouchable daintiness and rise to positions of importance and toleration by the males—-has come a change in men’s manners. The tipping of hats by men is one acknowledgement to women that they are tolerated. From lore comes the origin of hat tipping, which tells us that a man tips his hat to a lady secure in the thought that she will not bash in his cranium. These things do not, however, prove that hat tipping is not the polite and proper gesture in our inodern world. Observe the faculty. All of the older profs tip their hats, most of the middle aged ones do, many of the young ones do, some of the graduate instructors do, while a few students indulge. We think that we have observed that most ex-stu-dents, after a year or two in the “world,” acquire the hat tipping habit. Perhaps it comes with age. It is a very pleasant, flattering, and polite gesture. If you want to be a well polished gentleman, cultivate tipping your hat.
'Hell Bent Per--(Continued from page
tain gives the play perfect smoothness. The new sound and lighting facilities for which the reconditioning of the hall was necessary give the audience a vivid impression of the thunder, lightning, rain and rising river. Action Rises With Fury With all this fury of the elements the action of the play rises. Friendly and pleasant Burt Fielding as the doughboy “Sid” returning from the war to claim his loving but re bellious “Jude.” Meg and Matt the hillbilly parents with grandpappy David seem exactly properly placed in the Carolina mountain cabin. Andy Lowry, Jude’s drinking, shootin’, nochalant brother almost finds the fanatical scheming of Rufe who’s “got religion,” too much for him; but with timely help from hero Sid who refuses to begin again an ancient mountain' feud he helps to bring the end to poor Rufe who continues to the end to convince his conscience that his every movement is completely justified. Overheard in the lobby after the play last night, “It’s one of the best amateur things I’ve seen in this part of the country.”
—Today— 11:00—Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—-Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:45—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 1:00—Mary Wagner, Behind The Scenes of Merchandise. 1:15—You and Your Health. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—^Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—The Magic Carpet. 2:30—^Highway Safety Program. 2:45—Birth of the News. 3:00—Jefferson High School Glee Club. 3:30—Review of Melody. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Twilight Musicale. 4:30—Parade of Nations. 4:45—Melody Moods. Burns Prove Fatal To University Grad Mrs. Helen Marie McDonald, HE ’33, formerly Helen Marie Dederich, died Monday as a result of burns received a month previous. Since graduation, Mrs. McDonald taught home economics in LaPorte and in Etna Green.
WUXTRA . . . FIRST RESULTS IN MALE BEAUTY CONTEST So many “male campus beauty” nominations poured into the office today, we hardly had time to tabulate the results for this issue. NUMBER ONE Male Beauty to date is A. P. “Bud” Taylor, the Fisigh sheik, whose admirers registered 13 votes in homage to his Esquirish atmosphere and wavy locks. NUMBER TWO in the voting is R. J. “Terrier of the Plains” Craig, Sig plowhorse. Most of his votes, written in women’s handwriting read, “We don’t think you’re so very pretty, but oooooooh, what muscles you have.” Others necking and necking in the running are: “Red” Rohyans, Senate wildman, 5 votes. F. Thomas Sheets, Union prexy, 4 votes. Cecil Isbell, football player, onehalf vote. Art Siebenthal, Debris moneybags, one-half vote. We gave Isbell and Siebenthal a half vote each because one ballot read: “I like Isbell because he’s goodlooking and muscular . . . but ooooh that Siebenthal is a good provider.” Twelve of Taylor’s 13 votes were ■written in a hand which looked as if the .writer were attempting to disguise it. We suspect Elstun of submitting these 12 votes. The other vote, written in Hebrew script, was translated to read: “I’ve admired your beauty for years. Bud, will you please tell me what kind of wave set you use?” Three more votes which just came in by Airmail-Special Delivery, are for Sully Mason,, another Fisigh shot (big or little, we can’t decide which). They were sent in by the three girl singers with Clyde McCoy’s band. Sully dated one of them when they were here and has her dated up for the holidays. Strange, we didn’t recognize Eastburn’s handwriting among the vdtes. The “B and B Poll for Male Beauties” shall go on . . . ive’ll show the Debris how to pick real “beauties.” If our poll is concluded soon enough we suggest our winners be allowed to parade across the stage Saturday with the Debris femme candidates since some of the gals have balked at prancing on a stage before the judges.
Exclusively at ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main St. "CAMPUS-TOGS" Suits and Topcoats THE COUNTRY'S LEADING YOUNG MEN'S LINE
5^ 9dsaA. 9(ju^, s
Shirts Pajamas Hats I Suit Top Coat Overcoat Bath Robes Tie Chains
Sox Underwear Ear Muffs Mufflers Tuxedo Spats Suspenders
Ties Belts Pants Collars Gloves Studs^ Buttons
Handkerchiefs
TnanL. ShofL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
ipil
I ky United 1
SyndlMie* Ine.
‘Here’s our quota for today—8 million in tens, 6 million in fives, 3 million in singles and a 2-dollar bill.”
A bulletin wired to the office a half second before dead-line reads: “Hold everything in naming your male beauties stop wait until you hear from the gals who have been watching fellows swimming nude in the new Fieldhouse pool stop gals claim they “know” who is the “perfect specimen.” One Who Knows. y H, M. Jacklin To Speak Over Air On Death Traps Prof. H. M. Jacklin, of the automotive engineering department will give a radio address on “Death Traps or Safe Highways,” over radio station WBAA tomorrow afternoon, at 2:30. The address will be the first of three concerning safe highways to be presented during the next three
Today — Saturday HELEN BRODERICK VICTOR MOORE in “MEET THE MISSUS” —and— TOM TYLER in “SANTA FE BOUND” —also— First Episode of “DICK TRACY” -plusmusical CARTOON
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
A story of electrifying romance and high voltage excitement!
It’s First Run THIEF meeis THIEF^ DOUGLAS FMRBANKSj,
Also Mickey Mouse
months through the facilities of more than 360 radio stations. The program is in conjunction with the nation-wide safety campaign of the American Road Builders’ Association.
LUHA TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
GANGWAY FOR TORCHY! SHE'S GOING TO TOWN
Glenda farrell P’ BARTON MacLANE —Pins— Two Words That Strike Fear to Every Rat lo Meal MCiniAZ lilAND with ANN SHERIDAN JOHN LITEL
Today - Saturday
WARNER JOAN BinniR BENNEn (li)aAi^eAX Yociieis «F 19311' IN TECH NI CO LOR with Helen VINSON • Mlscha ACER AUn MOWBRAY • Jerome COWAN and U)« lamoua WALTER WANGER MODELS
• COMING • ON OUR STAGE DUKE ELLINGTON andhis orchestrafi
■va •tj ^ J-
” Kh
l^zidoy, December 3* 1337
THE PORDUE exiH^MENT
Aquacade Stars To Pantomime Swimming Farce Tonight
'A Life Guard's Dream' To Feature Cook, Eckhart Af Fieldhouse Swimming Pool
Basketball Squad Plans Western Trip For Coming Holidays Members of this year’s Boilermaker net squad will spend their Christmas vacation on a trip to the West Coast. The team leaves on the 18th for Chicago where they will play DePaul and Loyola on the 18th and 20th of December, respectively. From Chicago the team will proceed to the West Coast. It will make one stop enroute at Denver, Colo., to meet Denver University on December 22. Following this game the squad will be given a rest until aft-
er Christmas.
The team will swing back into action against Southern California at Los Angeles on the 28th and will meet the University of California at Los Angeles the following night. Both of these games yrill be part of a double bill. Indiana’s team is also making a trip to the coast and will be co-featured with the Boilermakers on those dates.
Versatile Squash Squad Prepares For Schedule Under the tutelage of “Chief” Clevett, the Boilermaker 1938 squash squad is rapidly developing itself for the present season’s schedule. According to CleVett, who first introduced the sport at the University in 1934, any number of faculty players may trim the student team with very little trouble at that time. The boys on this year’s squad, he continues, are more than able to trim the faculty squash men. Three seniors, J. G. Lucek, captain; K, M. Linn, and M. T. Wakefield, comprise the backbone of the squad. Other members are A. W. Sokolowski, R. D. Juve, T. O. Jackson, G. F. Alexander, H. E. Eber-
hard, and D. Blitz.
fielder's choice
P. L. Fosburg, ’36, Westinghouse Electric Elevator Company, was transferred to Jersey City, N. J., when that company purchased the plant of A. B. See Elevator Company in Jersey City and transferred their entire staff from Chicago on September 22.
Look
Your Best
Over The Holidays
You can be sure of perfectly cleaned garments when you send your cleaning to West Side Cleaners. Call us for storage of your summer wearing apparel.
West Side Cleaners 222 North Street
J Gift For Her Christmas
When thinking of Christmas a person always things of gifts— for mother, father, sister, brother or sweetheart. The glitter of jewelry—bracelets, rings, clips, and lockets will please any girl. Give dad a leather traveling kit, a pen and pencil set, a Packard Lektro Shaver, or a cigarette case and lighter.
Lodde
Qmlity Jewelry for 54 Years
413 Main
Well, we went over to the ATO house last night for another of our famous interviews . . . And we got into such a lengthy breeze session with Bob Selby, Woody Knorr, and Andy Grant that we couldn’t make our deadline ... So we have sport biographies of Selby, Knorr, and Grant coming up tomorow. ^ Wrestling Squad Prepares For First Meet Dec, 11 With a squad of 61 men now working out daily Coach Claude Reeck, Purdue’s new wrestling coach, has hopes that his team may develop into a powerful combination before the year is over. This year will be the first time that Purdue has had a wrestling team in the last seven years. Completion of the new Fieldhouse has given wrestling a new foothold in Purdue and under the direction of Coach Reeck it should not be long before Boilermaker grapplers will become a potent factor in intercollegiate competition. Trials in all divisions will be conducted this week to select a tentative squad for the first meet with Wheaton College on December 11. Other meets scheduled include: Chicago at Chicag^o, Jan. 8; Normal College here, Jan. 15; Normal at Normal, 111., Feb. 5; Wheaton here, Feb. 12; Chicago here, Feb. 19; and Northwestern here, Feb. 26. Prof. J. A. McClintock Speaks To Nurserymen Prof. J.^ A. McClintock, of the horticulture department, speaks to the School for Nurserymen, convening at Kansas State Agricultural College, Manhattan, Kans., yesterday. McClintock gave two discussions, one on “Nursery Stock” and the other on “Root Stock Problems.” In addition to these addresses. Prof. McClintock was invited to be the guest speaker at the agricultural seminar in a session December 2, at the Kansas State College.
New Gym Facilities Available To Faculty “Chief” Clevett of the intramural
department will begin a series of faculty gym classes at 4:30 Monday, December 6. Calisthenics will take up the fifst 20 minutes of the class, and the rest of the time will be used for volley ball, badminton, basket-
ball and a general workout. Temporary lockers will be avail-
able and lock, key, and towel can be had at the checkout booth in the locker room. Those interested are requested to notify ProE Clevett by
postcard or telephone at once.
Veteran Fencing Team Faced With Stiff Schedule R. V. Finney, Boilermaker fencing coach, IS putting his squad through intensive daily workouts in the new fencing quarters of the Fieldhouse in preparation for the stiff schedule facing them this season. With the first meet to be held on December 28 with St. John’s University at Brooklyn, N. Y., the squad is gradually rounding into shape and should turn in one of the most profitable seasons that they have had in a number of years. When approached on the possibilities of the squad this year. Coach Finney said, “We have more experienced material this season than ever before and with several promising sophomores to fill in the holes of the squad, we«should be able to give a good account of ourselves this year.” Squad Bolstered By Veterans Purdue’s hopes are based on 11 seasoned veterans of former fencing campaigns, led by co-captains McWilliams and Seaborg, who form the nucleus of the 1937-38 squad. Other veterans Lacey, Zweig, and Stepath with Seaborg form the sabre contingent, while Matthews, Meier, Levin, and Sellars are back from last season’s epee combination. According to Coach Finney three veterans of last year’s varsity foil team have shown great improvement, they are McWilliams, Hofman and Reynolds. Other potential squad members include sophomores Schmidt and Neptune, who are becoming first class sabre wielders.
^ We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
By Jerry Collins “A Life Guard’s Dream,” a farce of swimming antics, will be the theme of the Aquacade presented to the public tonight and Saturday night in the Fieldhouse pool under the auspices of the Dolphin and Triton Clubs. The program will be built aiound the thoughts of a lifeguard, pantomiming all that goes on in his dream and will be featured by several headline swimmers and divers. Barbara Cook, queen of the carnival, will be presented as the opening event of the program, after which the Tritons will swing into a formation swim to the music of Bob Phillips and his band. Mermaids Predominate Program Barbara Cook and Claudia Eckhart, who have both achieved fame through their aquatic skill, will be two of the leading diving artists featured during the evening. Of equally outstanding importance in individual skill will be the Nicholson sisters who will present an original skit featuring their diving ability. Other portions of the program include a clown act, “How Not to Save a Drowning Person,” a mattress race, and a water polo match. Jerry Ciral will be master of ceremonies for the carnival, which will have an added attraction in the underwater lighting effect brought about by the many colored lights shining from the sides of the pool beneath the level of the water. Four hundred seats will be avail-
able each night. Tickets can be obtained for 35 cents at the Union desk or from members of the Dolphin or Triton Clubs. The show begins promptly at 7:30 p. m., instead of 7:00 as wa.s previously announced. A limited number of tickets for the Aquacade will be on sale at the door tonight, according to J. H. Jacobi, ticket chairman. Robbers Haul Valuables From Reisner's Store While the campus big men and Joe College’s were reposing in their respective dorms early yesterday, some other delinquents of a more serious type were doing a bit of pin-pushing on a large and illegal scale. Entering Deac’s by the front door the burglars escaped with some $3,400 worth of fraternity pins, fountain pens, and pencils. Evidently determined to smash this local dealer’s motto of “everything for a college education,” f he marauders secured admission to the establishment by removing the lock and succeeded in completely depleting his stock of pens. University instructors (especially English composition) will in all probability unite with Deac and the State Police to recapture the valuable and essential loot.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayette
No other Christmas present for $5 equals this value' Four genuine Yello Boles, all different—a "pipe collection ' in itself, each with a special smoking feature and distinctive satisfaction 1 All cured with honey I $5.
ALPAGORA O’COATS London Bals. or Full Belts. Oxford Grays, Green, Brown.. Warm, but not weighty. Arrow Shirts Sweaters Glbves Inteihvoven Socks A Mon’s Store for the Man Who Cares
I M C. In the Villaige
^ ChhiiimjaA, SaJiqam,^
LADIES HAJ\D BAGS I a They include the season’s 1%
Newest and Smartest Styles
Genuine buffalo grain, calf shin and pin seal. Zipper REGULAR top, handle type and en- $5.00 velope shape. A Very Spe- VALUE cial Value . . .
jTHIEME & WAGERIN CQ.I % New Location 622-626 Main St. I ^ i
BemifiySilkSto^
There's a Gotham Gold Stripe style to lit every purse and purpose. Here's a choice of what a doUor buy in Aese beautiful long-wearing sUk stoci^gs. 2-Thread 3-Thread ^11 ‘O® 4-Thread Chiffons “Adjustable'* Black Heels lor $2.85
Lcdoyette's ' COLLEGIATE SHOP
East Sicto of Squat*I®;
W.L
A'-
' -^'
mmmmm^si^m
THE PUBDUE EXPQHENT
Fiidcty* December 3» 1937
Debris Beauties(Continued fi'om page 1)
len Foresnian, Lynn Goodwin, Jessie Graham, Winifred Gregory, Marion Groves, Merle Hagemeyer, Jane Haltom, Augusta Hite, Yvonne Holden, Virginia Hulse. More Beauty Aspirants Jeanne Janousek, Joyce Johnson, Mary Ed Johnston, Jean Jones, Peg Little, Mary McClelland, Helen McQueen, Edith Martin, Mary Alice Masters, Jane Ourand, Alice Parlon, Mary Petticrew, Marjorie Poor, Elizabeth Pyke, Bonnie Raber, Beverlie Rice, Virginia Royce, Virginia Richards, Eve Ruth, Mary^ Schnaible, Louise Shickler, Caroline Scott, Rufina Sexton, Caroline Shaw, Shirley Shepherd, Marjorie Starrett, June -Stewart, June Suter, Virginia Tislow, Nan Ward, Martha Wood, Parker Wynn. Concert Orchestra To Play In Ballroom Purdue’s Concert Orchestra will be featured on the regular Sunday afternoon Union music program this week. The concert will be held at 4 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building ballroom. Robert A. Phillips, ChE ’39, will conduct the 35-piece student orchestra, which is under the supervision of University director of glee clubs and choruses, A. P. Stewart.
Cary Hall Paper Doilies Have Multitude Of Strange Uses
By Don Tafel Bearing the Cary family crest, and coveted by frivolous campus females as souvenirs, the paper doilies used at Franklin Levering Cary Residence Halls are found to have many and diverse uses. When a resident of the ‘Hall’ was asked what they use the doilies for, he answered with a grin, “Gosh! They use ’em for everything.” And truly, the number of and varied uses to which these napkins are put (provided they aren’t spotted with gravy during dinner) are fabulous and unending. G. 0. Arbuckle, in charge of the residence halls laughingly remarked that some students in the ‘Hall’ don’t even buy stationery, but regularly use the doilies to write upon, although he has received suggestions that the crest be placed in the upper left hand corner, instead of in its present position, in the lower right. Used As Stationery Used as stationery, students write letters home, and also impress their various girl friends by sending them letters with a crest. They are used for scratch paper, and many a physics and calculus problem has seen the birth of its solution on these useful paper rectangles. During the course of a meal they are found to be very useful for that national pastime, tit-tat-toe, and
Purdue Exponent Institute Of Campus Opinion DEBRIS BEAUTY BALLOT Name Four In Order of Your Choice
Your Name
School and Class
ft'
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH’S
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
Everything for the Purdue Student
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW.
822 MAIN
“DEAC”
— Furniture —
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
Student Equipment 3>juAmjtWie 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
SR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK
— Florist
DB. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
(RoJth J-IoAiAt
— Beauty Studio —
Inc.
•
635 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Building
EXCLUSIVE
Phone 7955—8050
BEAUTY SERVICE
— Locksmith —
• Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri.
SKATES SHARPENED
KIENLY
Locksmith and General Repair
BEAUTY STUDIO
ACROSS FROM EXPONENT
662 Main Phone 7727
HEATON’S FOR KEYS
—Auto Rental—
309 N. Fifth St.
RENT-A-CAR DRIVE IT YOURSELF
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son
Thayer’s Garage
Dependable Locksmiths
Main & South Sts,, West Lafayette
Automobile key and lock service our
^ Phone 51784 Special rates for distant points for the holidays.
specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distijbaton
209-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
other more enthusiastic, brainy residents even vie at writing anagrams on this doily of many uses. Other students, while waiting for their dessert, prefer to partake of a few unthinking moments of “doodling.” Arbuckle reminisced a bit and recalled the time, three years ago, when tablecloths were used. It seems they weren’t recognizable as white linen after the Cary Hall boys had finished with their pranks and left the dining hall. Lace Ones For Year As a result, paper lace doilies were used for a year (oh girruulls!) but these stuck together and presented a difficult problem to the persons in charge of the dining halls. So last year the paper napkins now in use were given a trial, proved satisfactory, and have been used ever since. Cary Halls—east, west, and the annex—^combined use approximately a total of 200,000 doilies 'during the school year. If bound together in a pile they would form a 10-foot cube, or furnish every student in the University with enough crested souvenirs of Cary Hall that he would be able to write home once a week for the duration of the school year. And there would probably be a few left over for students whose financial status became sadly depleted in the middle of the week.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. EbersholT, 606 Main street.
PHOTOGRAPHIC. XMAS SPECIAL—Three 8x10 for $5.00 Void after December 9th. Hinea’s.
Notices Ko Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Foresters: Forestry Club keys ^re available until December 5. ^ —YOUNG. Alpha Lambda Delta: Meeting December 7 at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. —RANDALL.
Senior Mechanicals: Inspectipn trip reports must be made by December 16. For particulars see bulletin board in Mechanical Engineering Building. —YOUNG.
Gimlet: Formal initiation postponed until later date. —BROWN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting in room C of Union December 3 at 7 :16 p. m. —CARACCIOLO.
CE 6 and CE 10 (Camp): Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m.^ Get permits in CE 102 before December 1. —TODD.
All Campus Organizations: Those interested in forming an inter-organization basketball league please send a representative to room B o fthe Union Building, December 3 after 4 o’clock. —STEINBACH.
WAA Deck Tennis Doubles: These games must be played at 4 p. m. December 3; Clymer and Stickler vs. Campbell andVandiver, Maier and Blank vs. Simpson and Jakes, Gabler and Bryant vs. Dunwoody and Reverda. —JENKINS.
AN OPEN MESSAGE TO THE STUDENTS OF PURDUE
Lafayette’s newest and most modern jewelry store invites you to open a Budget account. There is no extra charge or interest of any kind — no waiting. We feature only nationally known Watches, Diamonds, Silverware and Jewelry. We suggest that you make your Christmas selections now.
Open a Budget Account Pay $1.00 a Week
Mr. H. J. Rayle is our student representative—Dial 7014 or see him on the campus.
PI A Dfnce Class: Beginning class at 4 p. m. December 2 will be held in tke Union ballroom. The 7:80.class will be held Dec. 2 in the Women’s Gym. , Advanced dance class will be held in the Women’s Gym at 7:30 p. m. December 6. —CLYMER.
YWCA_ Settlement House: All girls interested in doing- Settlement House work call 2926. —BROWN.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal December 3 at 4 p. m. —PHIULIPS.
All Exponent Co-ed Staff: Meet in Union Exponent office at 4 p. m. December 7. —PYKE.
Premedical Students: The Medical Aptitude Test will be given on December 3 at 3 p. m. in room 6, Educational Building. Students who have taken the premedical course are required to take this test before entering medical school. —REMMERS.
Ping Pong: 'These games must be plWed off by noon December 4. In the gym—L. Voelkle vs. A. Gauger, M. Shroeder vs. S. Bauten, L. Petersen vs. H. Muterspaugh. In the WRH—E. Boyd vs. R. Haupth, C. Sebast vs. M. McKnight, D. Ba'tes vs. D. Hendricksen. —BLANK.
evening of December 8. CouH 1—R. Oossard, M. Drewery vs. J. Davison, ML , J. Seft^. Court 3-^. Ourand, J. Chsitidler vS. D. NeWihan, Z. Blank. Court 6—J. Wieshaaf, M. Hoover vs. H. Stanley, J. Sutherlih. ; —BLANK.,
Purdue Engineer: All freshmen and sophomores on editorial staff, report to the office at 4 p. m. December 3. .. --BAALS.
PIA: All PIA members who want to attend PlA tea dance and do not have dates registet in PIA office today. No dates will be arranged but a limited number of stags will be allowed to attend. —SCHLUNDT.
Purdue Flying Club: Special meeting in room D of the Union December 3 at 7 p. m. —FIFIELD.
Debris Sophomore Business Staff: Important meeting at 4 p. m. December 8. —SIEBENTHAL.
Workshop: All sophomores who can report at 1 p. m. in office December 3. —JACOBSON.
Military Juniors: See Cadet officers’ bulletin board regarding date for having your boot measurements taken. Please arrange to report on the scheduled date. —WHISTLER,
Fraternity Presidents: Interf ratemity Presidents Council meeting postponed until December 9. —WHITING.
Pi _ Tau Sigma: Pi Tau Sigma vs. Mechanical Engineering faculty. Bowling tournament 1 p. m. December 4 at Lafayette Bowling Alleys. —COX.
Shuffleboard: The following will play
PIA Orchestra: Practice December 3, in the tower room of Union at 6 o’clock. —SHINN.
Variety in Baked Goods
We have a large variety of baked goods. Come in and take your choice of our great assortment.
Grave’s qualhy Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L.
At least, peek We don’t ask you to buy unless you want to. But you should absorb some of the atmosphere of style-rightness that you’ll notice in our shop. It’s almost a part of the University curriculum. And if you do buy, prices will