^ ls|t, b \ ^ K t
\ >
.From All Fronts.Today's Summary Of War News
to ChiMMto Dally News Foreiltn Serriee. SspyrteH Itl*. CUeaco Dally News. Ine. • Japan ReaAr A Cbineye military spokeeman at €hungkiPir asserted today that more than half of the Japanese air force strength on the Asiatic mainland has been concentrated in IndoGhina, on Hainan Island and in Kwanginng, China, available for operations in the South China Sea. • * * • Timoff^f Mor/il Reti«tan«e Japanese efforts to obtain a foothold of Influence in Portuguese Timor, deep in the South Pacific, are meeting moral resistance from the Portuguese, but little more,” radios A. T. Steele from Singapore. 0 0* • German Spring Offensive Six hundred submarines will take part in a great German offensive this Spring, a neutral naval source 13 quoted as saying in a dispatch Trom London. * ii< * e Will Ttorfcey Fight? “WiH> Turkey fight the Axis?” That question, radios George Weller from Belgrade, is heard in a dozen forms today in every chancellery from the channel to the Persian gulf. * * * • Yugoslavia Gives in “Yugoslavia has agreed to allow the passage -of German troops through its territory to turn the Greek flank,in Albania and hss granted Gemmny wartime control of its railways,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick. o * * • Success For Nasi Air Force German fliers have raided British shipping in the Libyan port of Bengasi, scoring hits, Berlin reports. The British announces successes for their troops from South Africa operating in Ethiopia. In Somaliland the British have crossed the Juba Eiver. ROTC Cadets Receive Tribune Recognition In a special ceremony at 11 a. m. yesterday in the Armory, the Chicago Tribune Medals were presented. The awards went to the three outstanding sophomore basic ROTC students picked on the basis of their records at the end of the first semester. The Gold Medal was given to Cadet Sergeant Major Alfred L. Jackson, Evanston, Illinois. Next award to be given was the Silver Medal which went to Cadet Sergeant Major Charles F. Albright, Hamilton, Ohio, and the third award, the Bronze Medal went to Cadet Sergeant Major Richard T. Ball, 804 Shawnee, Lafayette, Indiana, c.r.m.
FoundcMl In 1889
X/n04ie4U. 9 Dally Sincnim
Vohime 52, No; 119
Weat Lafayette, tndiaim
Friday, Febniqyy 21, 1911
Southern Gentlemen' To Play
Professor C. A. tilt
Foreign Students Present University
wMi Bronze pbwie Por Pan-Heiionic Baii Tonight
W AudiencoOf SOOIlMff
Discusses Failure
Cortissoz Will Make Presentation At 4:15 “Presented to Purdue University
by the students from other lands as an expression of admiration for George Washington the founder of the great nation where they find hospitality and educational opportunity,” is the inscription on a bronze plaque measuring twelve by fourteen inches which will formally be presented to President Elliott in behalf of all of the foreign students on campus at 4:16 p. m. in the West Faculty lounge of the Union today.
This plaque is being given by the
foreign students in appreciation of the wonderful educational opportunities the University offers them and to the United States which gives young men and women from other lands the opportunity to further
their education.
At the present,. 72 students from other lands are registered at the University^ These include 12 Canadian students, five from Turkey, one from Prance, 19 froni China, one from Peru, three from Nicaragua, five from Hawaii, four from the Canal Zone, one from Poland, two ffom Puerto Rico, one from Brazil, one from Iraq, one from Manilla, P. I., five from Columbia, and four
from Mexico.
These students are here pursuing careers in engineering, home economics, science and other graduate fields. They do excellent work here at the University and are highly commended for it.
Gratitude
It is with genuine gratitude that they present this plaque of friendship to the University on the eve of the birthday of the man who became the father of this nation. The plaque will be presented to the President by Ernest Cortissoz.
j.f.z.
Mixed Recreation . . . will be held Saturday night instead of Friday All gym equipment will be available. Games from 7:30 to 9:30 will be followed by dancing until 10:30. Boys interested in swimming will be charged 10 cents. No dates are necessary.
'Hatchet Club'
Backdrop To Feature
160 Cotillion Tickets
Features Life Eigi** ^®ro"lY Still Available At $2
Mighty Drama Of East Comes To Hall Of Music -- Very Educational
By Moutz Carpenter Of the students, by the students, and for anyone having fifteen cents, at eight o’clock on March 15 in the Hall of Music, the Mighty Union Art Players will present their second musical comedy effort, “HaretnScarem pr The Sultan Was a Lady.” Now titles are supposed to be short, concise, and inviting to curiosity. Someone in the Union apparently has taken Speech 14 or l€LBeveral thousand people went 'iJo the first show, ’‘Everything But Onions” to see what the title meant and they are still wondering. The new musical’s name is relatively simple. “The Sultan Was a Lady” comes from the Latin, sultan was a lady, which in English means that the sultan was a lady, as any fool can plainly see. See? ^ We sec. Producer Written and produced by Willis Wells, the show is sultan to go ovw as big as did “Everything But Onions.” It has been reported that the ActivitieB Bureau is planning a return performance Of that pro* duetion for their next activities mass meeting. Only they will call it “Everything But Union.” Students as before are in complete charge of the preparations. According to the latest statistics from the Bureau of Statistles in Washingrton, AC, DC, more than 120 students are busy as A’s (we should soy busy as B’s but that's too low
a grade and to say busy as H would not sound nice) learning lines, dance loutines and other oast functions, and 300 more are engaged in set construction and making costumes and other production necessities. Invite The Folks The show is being sponsored by the Student Union in collaborption with the Dads’ and Mothers’ Day committee and will be a pait of the Mid-term Folks Day program, so mothers and dads will be especially welcome members of the audience. Write home and have your folks come down for the occasion. The students connected with these shows hope that through projects like this they will be able to give their parents pn idea of extra-cur-ricular activities at the University. To give novelty to the play, the first scene opens in Doc Miller’s office. (Doc Miller is one of the,doctors at the University health service). By some weird means, probably one of Doc’s jokes, the action is transferred to the court of a aultaness in the year 800 B. C. where for an hour and a half of good solid entertainment she, proceeds to take a new husband to add to her harem. For the benefit of those who tuned in late, the price is 16 cents; no reserved seats, first come first serve. Bring the folks and the kiddies. Oh, Mortimer! Don’t forget tlie ticket for the Union Show!
In A Cabaret Comes the revolution and the appearance once more of cabaret life • on the campus when the “Hatchet Club,” in memory of “Old George,” ' will make its appearance tomorrow night. The premiere will take place from 8 to 11 in the South ballroom of the Union. Typical cafe society lyiU prevail with tables arranged around the edge of the floor leaving space in the center for dancing. Irv Given will furnish the music for dancing and the floor show which has been planned as a complete surprise to everyone. Refreshments will be served during the evening. The Union obtained the idea for the “Hatchet Club” from the University of Wisconsin Union where everything is in night club style with, of course, only soft drinks. The “Hatchet Club” is similar to the “Penguin Club” sponsored two years ago, differing however in dress. The Penguin Club dance was strictly formal whereas the dance tomorrow night will be definitely informal. Price of admission is the same as for the usual Saturday night mixers, one dollar per couple, w.m.c. Revised Constitution Adopted By P i A In Yesterday's Balloting Yesterday afternoon the old PIA Constitution gave way to a new one. This revision was adopted by the unanimous vote of the members present at the meeting. The new constitution is essentially the same in as much as the Cary Hall and Women’s Residence Hall members are concerned. The change ' jwas made in the organization outside of the Halls. Under the new plan the campus will be divided into eight wards proportional to the number of PIA members. These eight wards will elect chairmen, who along with representatives from the Halls, will make up the Executive Board. Each ward will also have a social chairman, a political chairman, and an activity chairman; who will be appointed by the ward chairman. These will meet and supervise the activities of the association. It is hoped that this new plan will benefit the 3,000 independent Students who live outside of the Residence Halls by giving them a more equal representation in PIA. Also the revision will help the wards to become organized within themselves.] d.w.o. Wesley Players Give Dorothy Wilson Play “Smoke,” a one-act play by Dorothy Clark Wilson, is to be presented by the Wesley Players at the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 6:30 p. m, Sunday, February 23. The cast is as follows: David Christopher, David Folger; Marthn, Beth Ludberg; Gay, Rosalind Goff; Garl Randall, Luther Cree; Danie] Evarts, Harold McCutchan; Joe Blake, Ed Gilbert; Pat Fogarty, Paul Gentry; Rosa Morenski, Penny Pennington. The production staff consists of Wayne Shaffer, stage manager; John DeYoung, electrician; Martha Cullop, properties; Maxine Abshier, Phyllis Hyde, and Eileen Carpenter, make-up; and Bill Peterson, director, assisted by Ruth Carter. a.l.w.
Dancing to the music of the Southern Gentlemen, the Greek belles and their escorts will take over the North Ballroom tonight from 9 to 12 for the annual Pan-
Hellenic Ball.
To identify the sororities who are members of the Pan-Hellenic Coun-
O
cil, the back-drop presents in shades of red, white, and blue a sheet of music of eight lines, the first lines of the favorite songs of the sororities.1 The band fronts duplicate the programs, which are red suede with a black musical note on the front cover. Behind the band fronts, Bill Monday’s twelve-piece orchestra will render its subtly-sweet dance tunes. Except for their ballad singing saifaphonist Bobby Jones, who hails from Cedar Rapids, Iowa, the Southern Gentlemen are all true Southerners. They first got together in Greenville, South Carolina, and have since been making a hit m cities throughout the North. They have been engaged at the Trianon in Cleveland, The Pines in Pittsburgh, the Cataract Hotel at Niagara Falls, and the Music Box in Omaha, and come here from Chicago. Features Some of the features which have given them popularity are their “Thiee Colonels,” one of the best electric guitarists in the country, a comedian, and a glee club. At 7:30 p. m., preceding the ball, members of the Pan-Hellenic Council and their dates will hold a formal dinner in room 334 of the Union. Decofrations for the dinner will also be in red, white, and ,blue. All housemothers will be honored guests at the ball. lU.k.b. Senior Women Select Silverware Patterns In Nationwide Survey By Jane Ramsdell All over the United States as on our campus, senior women are being requested to pick the pattern they prefer from a selection of silverware presented by a well-known manufacturer. Mortar Board is sponsoring the survny here for three days ending this evening. .Opinion of University co-eds seems to run to the smooth, simple lines df "OW Lace, Cascade, and Can^i;jlelight.'Reasons for choosing these patterns indicated that co-eds he»e lil^e^a modernistic but not too extreme line. Designs ranged from the heavily, ^ornate pattern of the Georgian to the severely, plain lines of the Aristocrat. Further questioning in the form of blanks filled out on cards showed preference for magazines. Hardly a card passed that did not contain Mademoiselle or Vogue. This shows that our co-eds are keeping up with the latest fashions and trends. Reader’s Digest’s popularity reveals that in the literary line they seem to choose a condensed version of the best. Subjects more or less pertinent to them after graduation are widely read as indicated by the popularity of Better Homes and Gardens, r Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the installation of the following officers: D, Gordon Peterson, president; Robert P. Burrows, vice president; J. M. Albertson, master of ceremonies; Joe F. Neff, secretary; Richard J. Thomas, treasurer; LorIng B. Cox and Thomas C. Mullins, guards.
Of the 800 tickets available for Sophomore Cotillion, 640 have already been sold to sophomores and the general student body. The remaining tickets may be bought at the cashier’s office for two dollars, on presentation of passsports. Co-ed hours have been extended to 2 o’clock for the dance, which is to be held in both ballrooms of the Union from 9 to 1. Dick Jurgens and his band will provide music,
a.w.
Hall Opens Series Of Marital lectures Before 200 Seniors Discussing the sociological problems of the “60 per cent successful” marriage custom. Prof. Oakel F. Hall yesterday opened the 1941 series of campus marriage lectures. He spoke to more than 200 seniors m the Education Building. Professor Hall discussed the backgiound of the annual lecture series, which he said developed from the conviction of certain students and University faculty members that “marriage is something for which we can train.” Developing the theme that “every marital success or failure has an explanation,” Professor Hall said that it is better to get pre-marital knowledge than try to adjust a bad situation after marriage. Need Outside Aid “There is a growing belief among social scientists that parents or government should give lend-lease aid to Cupid in its struggle with Wolf,” he said and pointed out that the time of marriage varies with individuals, and delasdng it because of financial reasons sometimes has undesirable results. “Prom two to ten per cent of men and women will never be suited for marriage,” Professor Hall said.
j.l.t.
Members Must Pay YWCA Dues By Wed. February 26 has been set as YW CA dues deadline. Dues must be paid in order to be allowed to vote for the oflicers in the coming election. Any one interested in holding a cabinet position for next year must file a petition for an interview'before March 19, which is the date of the elections. The petition consists of a statement to the effect that the sender desires to serve on the cabinet, and they should be sent to Miss Goolidge or Ruth Bryant. After the petition has been received, an interview with the present cabinet officers and Miss Goolidge will be arranged. The dues may be paid in the YW CA office, which will be open every night at 4 o’clock until February 26.
j.r.
Ag Staff Plans Dedication Of New Building Monday The agricultural staff will hold their regular luncheon meeting next Monday in the new Agriculture Engineering Building. The purpose of the meeting js to dedicate the new building, The Aitkenhead Castle^ so called in honor of Prof. W. Aitkenhead, head of the agriculture «- gineering department. All agrtcetural staff members are urged to attend this old fashioned fish dinner. d.e.b.
Audieneg Of 500 Hem Talk, Sees Weird Fitm “Everything was all right until Gertie changed her cakowe^Ybom a rhumba to a conga,’* vrba statement made by Professor C. A. Ellis last night when he talked w the
failure of the Tacoma Suspension ^
bridge before an addienee of five hundred in the lecture room of the Electrical engineering IbuildiiqE at a joint meeting of the a3C£ and AI
ME.
Professor Ellis started his'discussion by briefly reviewing the history of the collapse of the Quebec 860 foot cantilever bridge ih ISOt. An investigation order^bj^''the (xovei-n^r General nfCaffit^^F^Aowed that the main reasem fdP^ii&'f^ure was an error in judgment on the part of the engineers designing die bridge supports. Vertical Wave From the opening of the bridge last June it had a vertical wave motion most of the t^e, with an amplitude of several feet and a ftequency of some twenty per minute cycles. At ten o’clock on the ^ay of the failure this was-going on with no danger to the bridge at all when suddenly the motion changed and the central span started to tw^t from side to side almost instantly. The twisting and swinging liD»d the road to angles as high as fortyfive deg^rees and lasted foiran hour until the cables finally grave way, plunging the road into the bay low. A reel of films showing the almost unbelievable action of the structure were as weird as any cartoon motion. Agrreeing with the opinion on the Quebec bridge failure, Professor Ellis said that he believed that the bridge failure was due to mb error in judgment on the part of the designing engineers in making the stiffening truss too thin. He thought that there was a good possibili^ that the beginning of the end started when the lateral structure gave way in the center, due to the already present motion and the forty mile wind blowing. Lost Articles Held By Student Senate The Student Senate kwt and found committee haa been working all year collecting lost articles weekly from each of tiie buildings mi campus until now two bookcases in the Student Senate office are faU of their collections. Everything including a watdi, 16 slide-rules, 8 sweaters, 14 glasa cases, 65 keys, 66 glove^ ^ notebooks, 78 books, 9 punK^ fl'^kets, 6 rings, and 8 everahi^ pcmeils are among other imsceBaheodb articlee have been collected. They are all i|p in the Student Senate office'in the Union and can be claimed by idei^ tifying the article any afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock. If your favorite g^ove is minus a mate, if you’ve lost thejkey to your door, or if your glasses would like to be back in a glass case onee again the Student Senate may be able to solve your problem. a.c.’ SmalleySpeaksTo . Ceres Club Tonighl Harold R. Smalley, direeter of soil improvement work of the Kntional FertUixer Assoeiation, wij^ - speak before the opening meeting of Ceree, the agrononor honmrary, to be held tonight, 8 o’doek in Fowler HalL Smalley, an atumnus of the Dnive^ty, will speak on dttstrial Co-operation in Agrictd* tural Education’* and he will shoe slides rdating to his subject. The meeting ut open to the pubtio and it is hoped that emryono Inlersf. ested will attend. doJh.Fiidoy* F^bnicny 2L 1941
fijuJutuA. £xfuMdhL
«)•
WLt VLif 're We
'eann^
f
By Mary Kay
WBAA
Tonight at the Pan-Hellenic formal Bill Munday and his ''Southern Gentlemen" will give out for the coeds and their choice for the evening. —^wTw— We would like to give you a short resume of what some of the girls will he wearing tonight and the nameet of their dates. Jane Pavey in paie blue mousseline de soie with Jinny Scheip. . ■ • Jean Frankenberry in printed chiffon with Bill Sinpeoa .. . Sylvia Pittman in dusty rose crepe with fitted jacket with Howard Burkholder . . . Margery Chanel h» plaid taffeta with Art Edwards. Jane Bladk in pink net with pastel sequins with Gerry Garret Ruth Black ip bhie net with lace jacket with Dkk Raney . . . Harriet Forgey in black faile with Bob Skallerup. . . . Martha Lommel in champagne silk jersey with Hugh Redhead. —^wTw— Helen SiaUings in ice blue satin with Richard Anderson . . . Marty Gnstnfsoii in blue moire and White chiffon with Bob Johnson . . . June Spry in black chiffon with Tom Pep-
pier. . . . Ruth Walker in white net with Dick Reul . . . Dottie Miller in orchid satin with Dick Mauer. . . . Betty Ann Groves in printed crepe with Bud Taylor. . . . Frankie Thompson in red jersey with Bill Gourley. . . . Betty Gregory in rose taffeta with Wallace Scheunemann. . . . (and by special request) Ann Van Hook in a cream colored dress trimmed in gold with "Moose” Hull. —^wTw— Yvonne Holden in rose faille with Roland Schmitt Anne Anderson in apricot satin with Bob Bowman. Mardelle Edwards in white marquisette with Johnny Oswalt. . . . Bonnie Hixon in Grecian draped white crepe with Gordon Fletcher. Lois Simpson in a blue tunic affair with Bill Mauck. . . . Peachie Weist in blue and white striped chiffon with Dick Keilman.... Marie Johnson in powder blue net with Bob Waltz.... Phyl Smith in black moire with Larry Rothioch . . . Beth Partenheimer in blue chiffon with Jack Wise. —^wTw— Peg Davis in a low waisted blue and grey combination with Ed Ford . . . Donna Siess in a white princess
diaih, SiiflsuL Jto £xfifHL6u&, “'IJjojjl’
The seoet of sophistication and true individuality begins with hair stylug designed to exactly suit your particular features and personality. IiOt our experts advise you concerning the coiffure style that will do the most for you in the way of glamour and charm. You’ll find our permanent waving exceptionally fine, and moderately priced. Call 7901 for an Appointment loeb’s Beauty Salon
SENIORS NOW is the time to Reserve your CAP and GOWN. Our own stock is prepared cmd waiting for those who wont to SAVE on graduation expenses. First come— first served. Get yours while they last. After our stock is depleted it will be necessary to import at a higher price, Mcdce your reservations with one of our Campus Representatives, or hurry to
lUUttBClIgillWyCTMt,
FRIDAY 11:00—American Institutions — Prof. Robert Phillips 11:60—^Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—^Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Drama of Food 1:16—Just Relax 1:30—Grade School Program 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—^Principles of Sociology — Prof. T. K. Noss 2:50—The World Bookman 3:00—Special Musicale—West LaI fayette High School 3:30—Organ Moods—Frank Reddy 4:00—Classics Matinee 4:16—The Three M’s 4:30—Student-Faculty RoundTable 4:46—Story Book Hour
dress with Earl Aber... . June Darrow in forest green crepe with George Duffy. . . . Ann Wooley in orchid taffeta with Lowell Sample. Jane Weaver in white marquisette. ... Mary Ann Green in white chiffon with Wayne Kepner. . . . Priscilla Carr in blue net over a flowered slip with Jim Starkey.. , . —^wTw— Lee Sloane in white and silver lame with Don Seivish. . . Barbara Kendall in pink taffeta with Kenny Mitchell. . . . Betty Hanna in powder blue satin with Mate Stiglitz. . . . Rita Hill in blue net with Bill Cassedy, . . . Marge Ballard in pink net and silver lame with Carl Herbold. . . . Jane Ward in white taffeta and blue crepe with John Easley. —wTw— And till next time good dancing.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY >HITCH-HIKiNG TO DOOMI
— and — Ao&ictn'M«9iri9lbipoirf«n
TEELE
ALSO-
'WINNERS OF THE WEST" Chapter 2
Starts TOMORROW
INDIANSI ACTfOMf ADVENTURE! DRAMAIROMANeEl EXCITEMENT! MA89ACREI SPECTACLE! THRILLS! Thm gnmM aCMjt
ZANE OBSY'S
fit
TECHNICOLOR
ROBERT YOUNG RANDOLPH SCOTT DEAN JAG6ER VIRGINIA GILMORE Jaliii Carialiit • llln Sanmitvillf • Chill WUli lartoi Mialiia
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
Jinudji^ JoUl
//
The Hand Of Friendship
... in this hour of world crisis,” is the way Ernest Cortissoz has described this afternoon’s ceremony in which a group of students from foreign lands will present to the University a plaque commemorating George Washington. Cortissoz, president of the Cosmopolitan Club and himself a resident of the Republic of Columbia, has felt keenly the part the University has attempted to play in bettering the relations between this country and our neighbors. In addition to the South American students in the group presenting the plaque there are many Chinese students, whose country is now being invaded by the Japanese, and several refugees from European nations. They have all felt Purdue’s friendly attitude toward them and wish to publicly acknowledge their willingness to co-operate in any plans to extend the friendships which this country now seeks. Perhaps in the near future there will be more opportunities for these students to really spread the doctrine of peace and friendship when they return to their native lands. We hope so and we hope that today's ceremony is only the beginning of some concrete plans in that direction.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m eecond cIm* matter at the poet oflioe ia Lafayette, Indiana, under the aet of ConsrcM of Mareh 8, 1879, and at the apeeial rate of iMMtaee provided fpr in •eetion 1108, aet of Oetoher 8.1917, authoi^aed January 10, 1922, PuMiahed dally eseept Monday during the tcyular aeademle year and weekly duriny the Summer Semion. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mall aub-
Bcription 88.60
Bditor*in-Clilief. — R. W. Donahue BnnhiMw MwMetar Merle Heyemeyer PuMicatian Staff Newi Editor J. H..MeKee Manayiny Editor. —J}. K. Heiplc AMooiate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree. J. A. PupseU, L. W. Buffner, R. M. Sliallerup, J. L. Trauyott. Businesa Staff Lioeal Advertisiny Manayent D. Powers. 6. 6. Landers:
Promotion M Mnnayer, B. Beektennwld. Co-ad Staff
Editor-- — — —JBsth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Boee, Donna
Sieos.
Sporta Staff Editor. jr. P. Dolan Associate Kditors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johasen, B. O. Swaim.
Manayer, C. F, Danyima^; Aceonnts L J. Shadford; Circulation Manayer, B. M.
Pkonaa: tditorial 4005; 50i8; ^ Sporta Z79Z l^reaented, f«r nation«a ad^r^iny kr Mationni .Advertisiiiy Sorviee, Ine., Colieye PubUsherB MpresenUMiva, 429 Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y. Staff For llila Itaoo
Niyht Editor: Skallerup Issue Editor: Jones
Dpir Editor: Siess Niyht Sports Bditor: Swaim
Proof t J. F. Zinski, D. Buts, V. Barson, A. Chatfield, B. Boswinkle. Workers: T. Novey, W. CiaA, M, Liioiar, W, Hoskins, S. Craiymile, D. Ochiltree, C. Hass, A.^PMcard, B. Poole, J. Rhode, p. Fink, J, R«msdalo, P. Howard.
The Column
Whenever we think of the far eastern problem, we have to blame it all on Admiral Perry. He was the guy who convinced the Mikado that the little men of Nippon could get a lot of up to date ideas from us by opening the doors. To say nothing . . . Of the ready market for American flags. * * * And back scratchers. * * * Which brings us more or less closer to the point. You see, according to the Chinese they don’t want any war. And the French don’t. And even the English aren’t so anxious about it. The Japs, of course, abhor the whole
mess too. But every day they get 4P^J^r. An incident here and an incident there. If the world would only realize that the Japanese are purely a race of peaceful fishermen all this bloodshed could be avoided. And when one of the|r battleships appears off the coast, jqst remember that the fashion of fishing in the shade of sixteen inch guns . . . Was started in America. V * * Clever, these Orientals. « * • Catch on quick. % k h The only trouble is that we find it kind of hard to justify the presence of Nipponese infantrymen in the middle of the Gobi desert. Without a fish hook amongst ’em. * 4< * But then it would be pretty hard to get a battleship up there.—dkh
NEW
TODAY - TOMORROW Hurry! Only 2 More Days
THE FUNNIEST SHOW IN TOWN —May town I
Dirudsd SOIE RAYMOND airaen UCKCMtSOM NlUF MERIVMI HlTCHeOCK UNUWATSU
FILING CABINETS
a
ART METAL STEEL LETTER FILES
2-3-4 and 5 Drawer
Priced From $17.50 up HAYWOOD’S RETAIL DEPT. Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
Joein' 'Round By Peggy Howard “Ode Dear” Today I woke at 6 to 8 And said "I know that I'll be late, And what’s the use of boring The professor with my snoring. So with this high ideal in mind. To make the prof’s hard life sublime I rolled back in that bed of mine And back in dreams went soaring.
And them’s my sentiments!
It'honestly seems like everyone and his brother is giving a formal dance these days. Tonight the organized co-eds, not to be outdone by the Greek men, are holding the big formal dance in the north ballroom of the Union. Music for this co-ed bid affair will be furnished by Bi}l Munday and his “Southern Gentlemen.” Preceding the dance, three of the sorority houses. Alpha Xi Delta, Kapp^ KapPB Gamma, and Kappa Alpha Theta are entertaining with dinners at their respective houses.
Tomorrow night another combination fraternity affair is being given in the north ballroom of the Union, when the Phi Gam's and Phi Psi’s hold their annual Jefferson Hop. The dance, which is formal, will be preceded by a formal dinner in the Union. Music will be furnished by Lftnge Thompson and his band. In place of the regular mixer this week-end, the Union is presenting something new and different—^a student cabaret dance! All you joes are invited to come to the '^Hatchet Club” in the south ballroom of the Union, where from 8 to 11 you can see all your friends and dance to the music of Irv Given and his orchestra. The cover charge will be one dollah! Also scheduled for tomorrow night is an informal dance at Cary Hall South. Radio music will prevail heie. And so we conclude another week-
end—with Dick Jurgens to look foiward to as the “coming attraction” for next week. And don’t forget—tomorrow is George Washington's birthday; so make the most of it my children— but in George’s own words, "beware of' entangling alliances.”
A NEW CONTRIitITIIIN Increased Vitamin Graves Quality Breads have an ample supply of it. CRAVES QUALITY BAKERY
LIMA TODAY - SAT.—2 Hits
jam ymomm
A^O'
THREE MESQUITEERS Wlim V PIONEERS'
umnism —TODAY - SATURDAY—
tfiUh CESAR ROMEBO. VIRGINIA GILMORE.MILTON BERLE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD
“If1 ' Jr } / f ^
fiukdui. £xfiMutnt
Fridny. FaBmcoy 21. 1941
fia^c. S " SfitfdtL.
Riveter Tankmen Await Buckeye Invasion Tonight
Close Conflict Expected
Lambda Chi Alpha Paces Field In Inter-Fraternity Track Meet Yesterday afternoon the one-eighth mile dirt oval in the Fieldhouse was alive with activity as the third annual InterFraternity Track and Field Meet got off to a flying start in its two days of competition. When the results of the first day’s events were tabulated Lambda Chi Alpha had amassed a total of nine points, one more than the closely pursuing trackmen representing Beta Theta Pi, Pi Kappa Phi, and Sigma Alpha Fpsilon who are tied for second place in the standing. .. Points are awarded on the basis
of live for first place, three for second place, two for third place and one point for the fourth position. Lynch, Lambda Chi Alpha, proved to be the iron man of the afternoon when he ran a fine race to take first place in the 880 yard run, and then with but a few minutes rest entered the two-mile event and came through with fourth place. The 60 yard dash furnished the most exciting race on the program as Mike Byelene, Beta Theta Pi, and Hugh McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi, finished in what appeared to be a dead heat, and it was only after careful deliberation that the judges awarded the decis-
ion to Byelene.
Illusiins
By Joseph Patrick.»Dolan
Net Team Entrains For Minnesota Tilt; Igney Scrimmages After holding its last really stiff pra?ti<!e session in the Fieldhpuse yesterday afternoon, Co^eh Piggy Lambert's basketball squad leaves for Minnesota and some more cold weather at 6:80 p. m. today. The fray with the Gophers, first on the cards for the Boilermakers this week-end, wi^ be followed on Monday night by some more action at
Iowa.
These two squads have managed to mix their victories and defeats §0 thoroughly that now no one is willing to place any bets on how well they are going to play ball or, as some would have it, when. Piggy, at any rate, was taking no chances yesterday afternoon as he pushed his charges through both offensive and defensive drills and two scrimmages. Igney Back The team has been greatly strengthened by the insertion of Igney and Riley back into the lineup. Riveter Captain Bob Igney is almost completely recovered from the injury he sustained in the Chicago tilt and Riley, who has been sick for the past several days, is also certain to see action over the forthcoming week-end. In addition, Hoffman, an up-and-coming sophomore forward also has a good chance of becoming eligible in time to make the trip. All in all.
Summary of the six events is as follows: 60 yard dash—Byelene, Beta Theta Pi, first: McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi, second: DeWitte, Kappa Sigma, third. Eggleston, Sigma Chi, fourth. Time: 6.4 seconds. 60 yard high hurdles: Jackson, Theta Xi, Irst; Metzer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, second; Rising, Alpha Chi Rho, third; Thiele, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth. Time: 9.0 seconds. Broad jump: Daniels, Alpha Gamma Rho, first: Spetner, Tau Epsilon Phi, second; Livinghouse, Alpha Tau Omega, third: Smerke, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth. Distance: 20 ft. S% in. Shot Put: Neff, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, first, Winchell, Bets Theta Pi, second. King. Sigma Nu, third; Stevens, fourth. Lambda Chi Alpha. Distance: 44 ft. 7% in 880 yard run: Lynch, Liambda Chi Alpha, first, Boydston, Delta Tau Delta, second ; Honer, Pi Kappa Phi, third; Weinfurtner. Phi Delta Theta, fourth Time 2 09.7. Two mile run • Pickerel, Alpha Kappa Lambda, first, Swager, Pi Kappa Phi, sec ond: Mercer, Delta Tau Delta, third • Lynch, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth Time • 11:41 4
Winner
... of the all-campus squash tournament was decided yesterday in a struggle between Homer Allen and Larry La Bree. La Bree finished strong to win three of five matches, 9-16, 16-10, 9-16, 16-12, and 16-10.
Not that it matters: But since the Wisconsin defeat a few nights ago, Purdue has “ended” it’s basketball season, and has turned us to the coming spring and early summer sports. You know, I think this Mr. Lambert has spoiled us with those ten championships in twenty years. A title every other seasonIt’s a wonder the federal government doesn’t hit Piggy for'^formation of a monopoly. _I.I_ Speaking of basketball; Indiana plays host to the Wisconsin club this week-end, and if the Padgers win, they’ll almost take the conference. But the game’s at Bloomington; sp I’ll take Indiana. If anybody wins the conference, I’d rather keep it in this state. A child looks so peculiar when AWOL from its mother. —I-I— Mel Taube took a few minutes off yesterday to tell us of an interesting turning point of the Wisconsin game. It happened when Purdue was leading 16-4. Wisconsin was about to blow their tops, but the rescue came in time. -1-1— There was a loose ball under Purdue’s scoring basket; a Purdue man and a Badger grabbed for the leather. Both had an even chance, but the Boilermaker overshot his mark, the Badger dribbling the length of the court to count, pulling the Badgers up by the boot straps. Had the Purdue man taken posses-
Riveters In Track Meet At Iowa City Tonight; Tangle With Hawkeyes, Wildcats Arriving in Iowa City late last night Coach Herman Phillips and a determined group of Riveter tracksters settled down to wait for what they hope will be a victory in their triangular meet against Iowa and Northwestern this evening. The runners will be out to beat these two squads and repeat the conquest they made in last year’s affair, which was held in the Boilermaker Fieldhouse. Since the Chicago meet and the Illinois Relays, the Phillips-directed machine has gained a great deal in confidence
and experience.
With Captain Ed Holderman back
sion, we might have had the riot we had last year when Wisconsin was swamped in the same type of game. -1-1— Charles Standard has been elected basketball manager for the coming season. Congratulations, Charley, I know how you feel. It’s a swell feeling to get that senior job, I believe it's more of a thrill than walking up on the plank in June for that diploma. —I-I— Purdue’s basketball team leaves this evening at 5:46 for the invasion of Minnesota which I hope won’t prove as fatal as our last invasion in November. Those Gophers can really pass the basketball if you remember last season’s game here with the Swedes. Too bad they are so small. Purdue may have a height advantage for the first time this season. -1-1— Not that it matters, but people who are too yellow to sign letters shouldn’t roar too much about college educations, my anonymous “friend.”
there will be from 10 to 12 Riveters who will make the trip. j.s.k.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
IT'S HEALTHY—15c GALLON
So Handy
Tie a ribbon on your finger . . . and Resolve to Buy YOUR DEBRIS Today!!
\ l
/
Life is a bowl of joy when you get your
Debris . . .
You'll have a handfull of The Best DEBRIS Ever Published 1941 DEBRIS
As Big Ten Squads Clash The Boilermaker mermen, hosts to the Ohio State squad tonight at 7:30, may And stiff opposition as they attempt to match strokes with their eastern rival. The Buckeyes, though turned back by a slight margin by the prominent Yale squad, boast the services of ranking men in coJl^iate aquatics. Three victories in five dual meets is the record for the Riveters. In the 220 yard free style, Riv- -
eters Carney and Siler, aided by Horn and Branner, will find Ohio's Coolahan the man to beat. The 60 yard free stylers, Carney, Herr,
in the fold again the Riveter point making chances should be at a better advantage, for slender Ed is practically the favorite in the mile and the two mile events. Iowa has had rather bad luck in their season thus far. IM BASKETBALL Friday, Pebmazy 21 Court 1: Harry Schwartz 7:00 Boilermakers vs BuIIdoes 7:16 Eagles vs Panthers 8:00 Ward 21 vs Ward 33 8:16 Ward 2 vs Ward 10 Court 2: J. Zehring 7:00 Yanks vs Hoosiers 7:15 Tigers vs Rams Court 3: B. Berman 7:00 Buckeyes vs Wildcats 8.00 Ward 7 vs Ward 30 7:16 Ward 6 vs Ward jM r:16 Ward 16 vs Ward 17 Court 4: J. Papurca 7:00 Ward 13 vs Ward 22 7:16 Ward 3 vs Ward 12
Luke, end Krateer face such aces as Reinieker and Leitt, the latter being the one who disposed of Yale's pride. Divers Diving will find national highboard champion, Clark, teamed with Dempsey and opposed to Farkas and Ochstein. Ch^e matches are also expected in the 100 yard free style with Riveter Krataer and Buckeye Leitt; the 160 yard back stroke, featuring Andersen and the Buckeye, Reinieker; imd the 4P^ yard relay. WilBamaoil will svddi against Hirsch, who followed team mate Leitt’s exmnple at the expense of the Yale Bulldogs. Other members of the Boilermaker squad will inchuie HeCay, McCredy, Aneker, Kuske, 'Kngley, and Krueck. Scoring in this meet is expected to resemble that of the 43-41 Riveter-IUini encounter. Admission will be free to students and to all high school swimmers. r.l.ro.
SANDWITCHES-
-ALL KINDS
HOT and COLD DRINKS
FRANK'S
PLACE
111 Noithwatsern Are.
Open All Night
Jha, linJon, jbwJJtaA. lynu, io MpSUfuL IjOUX, Itti&WUL mojmnJtA, in, iha,... MUSIC ROOM Enjoy a complete assortment of classical and semi-classical recordings. BROWSING ROOM A good book, comfortable chair, and pleasant atmosphere! PUHERING ROOM The ideal place to develop a hobby.
JhjL fiuhdwL TlljanifiiaL Unioiv The Comer of the ^nitifriirYet ihe Cenier of AelieiiiesiPapi k^ybAkaA
Eriday* Februory 2L 1941
fiukdtUL £xfio§utttL
14^
Continental Europe Now Sure U.S. Will Enter War
Bjr William H. Stoneman
8PBCIAL CABLE To Tl** Chicago DaBr Mews Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. The Chicago Daily News, Inc.
The belief that the United States will come pounding into the conflict, with all its resources, in the very near future, also has spread to Italy and Russia and tiie Glermandom'inated areas of Central Eur-
ope.
This is primarily the result of the lend-lease bill and it is particularly gratif^ng to the Allied governments because it has been achieved without having it cost
TUESDAY and THURSDAY NITE SPECIAL : T-BQNE STEAK - OR ^ FRIED CHICKEN .-35c iPuOuluiL (^^§S1L Shop, 127 Nofthweslem Ave. Wets Lafayette
in the McLean Music Co. 514 Main Si.
POPULAR PHONOGRAPH RECORDS to keefi you in the "SWING OF THINGS"
DECCA OKEH Yes, My Darling Daughler u You're a Lucky Fellow, Mr. Smith Hop Andrews Slttw.- 35« Gene Krupa 35c ’ ■ S’uTtlikra Bolt from the Blue 1 Understand ' limmy Dorsey - - 35. Tiny Hill 35c BLUEBIHD VICTOR Song of the Volga Boatman Bugle Call Rag Chapel in the Valley One O'clock Jump Glenn Miller 35. Metronome All Star Band 50. Rockin' Chair Dolores Nobody Knows My Troubles I Tried Larry Clinton 35. Tommy Dorsey 50. COLUMBIA I Could Write a Book You Forgot About Me Eddy Duehln 50. Gone With What Draft On the Alamo Bonny Goodman 50.
HAL KEMP
MEMORIAL ALBUMS New teh by Viefer and Columbia, each $2.50 VICTOR P-51 COLUMBIA C-42
Got s Date WIHt an Angel; Remember Me; Whbpew In the Dark; Lamplight; Speak Your Heart; Love For Sale; In An ISth Century Drawing Room; In Dutch With the PudMM.
Lamplight; You're the Tops; Lullaby of Broadway; I Got You Under My Skin; The Gentleman Obviously Doesn't Believe; There's A Small Hotel.
Newman Club To Sponsor Skating Parly Tomorrow
WAA News
London, Feb. 20. — Continental Europe, Germany excepted, now believes that the chances of British victory in the present war are better than even. It has reached this conclusion not because of anything the British have done in North Africa, or elsewhere, but because it is now just about convinced that the United States'is coming in. American participation in the war, “short of nothing” is now commonly expected in both Allied and neutral countries, according to reports reaching London the last few days. Belief Spreads . - - —
anybody, including the United States, a single man. A Weapon In Reserve The consequences of the growing conviction that the British are now on the road to victory may be of utmost importance if Germany attempts to deliver a frontal assault on the British Isles themselves. Althought it has refrained from organizing armed resistance and sab-
Sponsored by the Newman Club a skating party will be held at Maple Point tomorrow night. The club will meet at 8:16 in St. Mary’s Church, where there will be a program in the form of dancing and games. The skaters will leave for Maple Point at 10 o’clock and will stay until 12. Transportation by special bus will be provided at a cost of about 10 to 16 cents per person. Any Newman Club meriiber can skate without charge; non-members will pay a 26 cent fee, or may obtain membership cards at the party if they wish. Dates are not required for the evening, a.w.
otage in enemy-occupied countries since the occupation of Norway last April, Britain may want to employ weapons of that kind when the pressure becomes greater. Invincible Americans If the people of the occupied countries believed that Britain was going to be beaten anyway, they probably would not take the risks involved. If, thanks to their fixed belief in American invincibility, they are convinced that the British are going to win, there are probably few risks they won’t run.
Big Ten Standing W L Pet. Pts. O.P. Wisconsin .... 8 1 ,889 391 337 Indiana 7 1 .876 366 279 Minnesota ..5 3 .625 322 292 Ohio State ..6 4 .556 400 376 Illinois 5 4 .666 384 388 PURDUE .... 4 4 -.600 331 338 Iowa 3 6 .375 362 356 Michigan 3 6 .333 344 345 Northwestern 2 6 .260 320 366 Chicago 0 8 .000 266 390
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR UTTLE
YOrHi ALWAYS WfLCBMf AT WALCIEEIIA 0RU€ STORES
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• ProfMtional
• School Supplies
Risk Dsntal Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK OR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th Gr Main Sts. Phono STtO
DEAC'S Eveiything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
• Jewelers
e Locksmith
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk heks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, sc> oesaories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Tailor
e Dairy Products
Sparrendahl Tailor
M. E. MOREHOUSE
Fowler Hotel Bldg.- ■
DAIRY
SUIT and TOPCOAT
QUALITY MILK
$30 and up
Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St Phen* 2777
Grapplers Face Cats In Return Encounter
Freshmen
By Mary Losey Social dancing is a new feature at the regular weekly mixed recreations. This innovation proved very popular last week, when it was tried for the first time. Tomorrow night, the latest and best canned music (recordings) will be playable in the gym from 9 to 1Q:30. The regular activities of the mixed recreation will begin at 7:30 tomorrow evening. The first meeting of the campcraft corps will be held next Thursday at 4:16 in the Women's Gym. Anyone who attends eight of the meetings and who passes a practical and written test will receive 100 WAA credits. The meetings will be held every Thursday afternoon. Instructions will be given in outdoor cooking, woodcraft, nature, and camping. A demonstration of officiating at basketball games will be given Saturday afternoon at 2:00 o’clock in the gymnasium. All co-eds are invited. Co-eds who tumble like the tumbling tumble-weed, might be interested in knowing that practice in that gentle skill takes place every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon at 4 .in the Women’s Gym. The most proficient of the tumblers will put on an exhibition at the annual Penny Carnival in the spring. The badminton tournament will begin sometime after next week. Badminton enthusiasts should sign up for the tourney before next Monday. The intercollegiate Telegraphic Swimming meet has been postponed from this Tuesday until the following Tuesday.
After winding up a week of intensive preparation for the return engagement with Northwestern on Saturday afternoon, the Riveter matmen will journey to the Wildcat institution this afternoon. Having defeated the same squad last Saturday, by a score of 23 to 11, the Boilermakers are confident of a similar decision tomorrow. Following the meet tomorrow, the squad will journey to Champaign Monday for a match with the Illini,
. . . may get their tickets for the Northwestern game today by presenting their passports at ticket office at the Fieldhouse. All remaining tickets will go on sale early next week for general public at |1.00 per person.
surer MMkt Meeting mt 4:16 g. m. Friday, February 21, In fencing room of Fieldhouse. --MeCOMAHAY.
CoBmopolitan Clulit AU menkbm invited to be in the West Faculty Lounge at 4:16 p. m.,-on Friday. February 2l. ■ ' V —COHYISSOZ.
Notices
Review Classca in Enadieh: The followiiur classes will be held: Qmminar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24; Spelling, week of March 8. Thex will all be given in room 111 of University Hall at 6 p. m. —CREEK.
Removal of Conditions in English and Speech: Examinations will be held in room 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 16, at 1 p. m. —CREEK.
Staff of History, Government, and Economics Dept.: Will you please announce to your classes that the examinations for removal of C’s and I’s in this d^artment will be held in room S13 of the Recitation building Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. Applications should be made at the general office not later than Friday, March 7. —ESTEY.
Newman Club: Roller skating party Saturday, February 22, at. 10:8'0 p. m. Dancing starting at 8 p. m. will precede and will be mester members may secure their memberheld in St. Mary’s auditorium. ^Seoond seships at the dance. Skating will be free to members, but non-memSers must, pay 40 cents per couple. Bus transportation will leave SL Mary’s at 10:80 p. -m. —BHNNA.
Religions Council Peace Committee: There will be no meeting Friday, February 21, because of the trip to Washington. —MOFFET.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Baturday, February 22, by schools as follows; students whose names begin with A-E, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; F-K, room 254, Electrical Building; L-R, room 121, Electrical Building; S-Z, room 201, Civil Building. —KNAPP.
Billel Foundation; Discussion meeting on Sunday, February 28r in room 802. The meeting will start at 6:80 p. m. —WOLF.
Outing Club: Roller skatin;^' party Saturday evening, February 22. Bversrone. welcome. Admission 26 cents. FREE to ail wha bring cars. Meet at West door of Union at 7:80 sharp. —GILBERT.
Students and Staff: Persons not receiving their copy of the Fail or Winter Serivmer, please drop card to the Scrivener office in Union. —ALEXANDER.
All Students: Eligible for holding an NYA job and interested in assisting or directing the production of plays in nearby communities should turn their applications in to the Playshop secretary in Fowler Hall. —CARMICHAEL.
Classified Ads
WSSF Houses Committee: Important meeting Friday, February- 21, at 4:16 p. m. in room 212 of Union. Bring details of plans for reaching your groups. —BAUMGARTNER.
rvm wkiM . Typewriters and adding maobiaca, new nad used, for sale, rent and repaIxoA AU makes of iKirtable typewrHers, $26.76 to $60.60. Office supplies. 'Mimeograph and multigraph woriu O. F. Ebershaff, 601 Blain SL Phone. 2779.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet positions for next year should send petitions tp Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19. —^BRYANT.
For Sale: The World Book Encycloiredla, 1931 Edition, 13 volumes. Gitiod as new. Will sell for $16. Phone 46111.
Junior Chemical and Metallurgical Engineers : Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 101, chem and met building. —LOVELL.
FOR RENT For Rent; Russ-Rent-A-Car Bervice. Cars for aU occasions. Min. $2.60 nU night. Phone 2407.
Students From Other Lands: Tribute to Washington will be paid on Friday, February 21, at 4:16 p. m., in West Faculty Lounge. —CORTISSOZ.
Lost: 1 g'ey suit coat, 1 coUege algebra, and 1 black billfoald. Will owner please call 31841
Lost: Brown zipper purse in Union or Library. Reward. Mary Nitsche, 1%. 747L
CopYrigfac 1941, Lioom A Hns$ Tomcco Co.
%■
iT'
i} ■tl
imisiMSl
mm