fiC 4
'r;;» '■' vf ; ‘*•'1 4 ^ '■ ' „ ) f- >5j,^
'•1
/ 4),,„■ 5ii-'f*'
GET YOUR USO, Button; Drive Starts Today
iOTTLENECK, 144 Present Lighter Side Today
Established 1889
Ruin The Ruhr
Volume 54, No. 27
West^-Lafayetle, Indiana
Friday, >ofy 10, 1042
TW
'UrfllieStars'
ires
Will Sing Tonight T«9rMi
Negro Quartet Will Appear At Convocation In Music Hall
The Southernaires, well known Negro quartet, will appear on the stage of the Music Hall tonight at 7:30 |n another of the regularly scheduled summer convocations. Doors will opew at 6:45 and admission will be by passports, season tickets or general admission tickets priced at $1.00 plus tax. Tonight’s program will be followed by a reception in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union to which the public is invited. The quartet is composed of William Edmonson, bass; Homer Smith, tenot; Jay Stone Toney, baritone; and Lowell Peters, tenor, with Spencer Odom act- -——
ing as accompanist and ar-
ranger.
“Spirit Flower” Opens Program Tonight’s program will open with the selection “Spirit Flower” by Campbell-Tipton.
tin ion To Sponsor Tennfs ^durf M?xler Featuring continental as’well as sentimental American ballads, tbe youthful band of Glen Wrigbt will furnish the musical background for dancing “under the stars” at the novel student mixer to be held tomorrow evening on the women’s
Groups Will Inaugurate Q lldve On Campus
Workers Will Contact Houses,
This will be followed by two songs, (“Over the Hills” and “Dawn” from “African Romances” by Colfridge-Taylor. “Lift Thine Eyes” by Logan will close the first pait of the program. Program For Second Part The second pait of the program will be devoted to traditional music as the Southernaires sing “Ob Redeemed”, “Minor Mode African Chant”, “Crying Holy Unto the Lord” and “Hand Me Down” A solo will make up the third section of the program and “Carry Me Back To Old Virginny” by Bland; ‘^Po’ Little Lamb” by Parks and “or Man River” by Kern will be featured on the fourth part of the entertainment. After a short intermission the quaitet will sing “Shoes” by Lock-hart-Manning; “Little Bit of Heaven” by Cook, and “Grandpa” by Sacks. The program will close with scenes from “Weatherbeaten Whitewashed Church”. Southernaires Sing Since 1929 The Southeinaires rank among the greatest vocal ensembles heard today on the air or conceit stage and since 1929, when they were first oiganized, they have played before great audiences in all parts of the country. The members of the quartet are true sons of the South and specialize in melodies of .their native soil. Their repertoire covers three centuries of Negro music, including Afiiean chants, spirituals, slave songs and Negro popular songs. However, their vocal activities are by no means limited to these fields, as they also entertain with classics and ballads. Broadcast Over NBC The Southernaires first won widespread popularity thiough their bioadcasis over the National Bioadcasting Company and finally responded to urgent demands rhat they make personal appealances on the concert stage.
Musicians
Convene Here For Training Public school music teachers, county home economics chorus leaders and young people wishing personal specialized training in music are attending the fourth annual music leadership school which opened at the University on Tuesday and will continue until Sunday. Enrollment has reached seventeen with people coming from all over the
state to take the course.
Albert P.' Stewart, choral music director at the University, who is in charge of the school, says that Lho five-day course is designed to serve the needs of community leaders in music who want the opportunity of a brief and concentrated
period of study.
A vdice class will be taught by Miss Vassie Darnell, a member of the Chicago Opera Company for twenty-five years, while Joseph M. Ragains of the University staff will discuss orchestra problems. Mr. Stewart will teach chorus repertoire and chorus and choir conducting. Those enrolled in the course will broadcast a cantata, “Triumph of Faith,” by Dana, tomorrow night at 9:00 over WBAA. The school will be brought to a close by vesper service in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3:00 Sunday afternoon. This service is open to the public without charge. Alpha Phi Omega Names Initiates ' Alpha Phi Omega held their seme.ster initiation at Cary Camp recently, and the following men were initiated: Kenneth Elliott, Leslie Fleck, Jr., John Gosswein, Francis Guppenberger, William McCullough
and Robert Uhl.
The following honorary advisors were initiated: Prof. DenUyl, school of forestry; Omar Ford, agriculture chemistry department; Dr. Hersehel Hunt, chemistry department, and scouting advisor Edward Rowley, Scout Executive. Other honorary faculty advisors, Pi-of. Veiiemann of the School of Mechanical Engineering and Dean Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, aided in the
campfire initiation.
tomorrow 150 Bids Remain At Di^'count Price
Advance sale of tickets for the Summer Prom which will be held Friday, July 24, has been extended until tomorrow by Union officials. Previously scheduled to end this afternoon, the ticket sale will continue and tickets will be sold at the special discount pi ice of .fl.85 from 4 to 6:30 this afternoon and fiom 10 to 12 and 1 to 3 tomorrow at the booth outside the Sweet Shop in tfie
Entries In Debris Summer Snapshot Contest Due Friday
Halls; Place Boxes In Union
Tippecanoe County’s drive for the benefit of the United Service Organizations will be brought to the campus today by student organizations. The drive will be carried directly to
Entries are due next Friday for residence halls, fraternities, and sororities, and USO contrithe first section of the new Debris bution boxes will be placed in the Sweet Shop and at the cafe-
terias for the benefit of students ndt contacted at their residences as part oFthe special effort being conducted by the Student War Council through
various cooperating groups. USO is an organization of six leading agencies which have been devoted to meet the social, recreational, and spiritual needs of the nation’s armed forces at home and abroad. USO mobile units have followed the men in sendee to their post of duty
snapshot contest which has for its double aim encouraging student interest in the annual during the summer term and supplying the work of the regular Debris photography staff with pictures which show the
University in action.
Two sets of prizes will be awarded in the contest, one at the end of July and the other at the end of August. Each month a $3 prize will be given for the picture be.ot representing student life and for the
Sophomores Lead Reserve Enlistments
Latest reports from the University military department indicate
that sophomores have
Union. None are being sold at the Union West Desk or Executive
If the winner has already bought jj, applying for entrance into
150 Tickets Left his Debris, his money will be re- j-j^g Enlisted Reserve Corps, with
Only 160 tickets remain to be f’^eshmen, juniors and seniors enter- With the goal of “having every sold durinu the advance =ale after -po-oo tor each ot the two best at a slower rate. Officers in the student wear a USO button after
^ “ ’ shots of the month. -■ - -
taken the throughout the world.
Donors Wear Button
Glen Wright
tennis courts from 8:30 until 11:30. If it should rain, the dance will be held in the south ballroom of the Union. Refioshments will be sold at the dance by members of Gold Peppers, coed honorary. All profits realized from the sale of refreshments will be donated to tho_ national USO drive. Former University Student Wright, a former student at the University, has spent several years in the musical circuit, having played with the bands of Ozzie Nelson and Isham Jones in addition to spending six months with Fannie Brice and the Ziegfeld Follies. His present band which was formed last fall is composed entirely of younger musicians; the average age of the band being only 17 years. The band’s proudest possession is its four way sax section in conjunction with Wright playing the bass fiddle. His band has played a number of campus engagements since its debut last October. Jeff High Graduate Vocal honois for the evening of dancing “under the stars” will go to Miss Jane Gaunt, an attractive brunette who has sung with several local bands during the past two years. Miss Gaunt is a graduate of Jett'orson High School of Lafayette. The usual mixer price of .$1.10 per couple will prevail. Dean H. E. Enders ... of the School of Science, has loturnod fiom Iron Mountain, Michigan, wlierd he seived on the program of the Golden .Jubilee of the N. P. Ilnlst High School of July 2-3. tie was the first .science teacher of Ilulst High School from 1898 to ] 900 and many of his former pupils wore present at the celebration.
which they 1 will not be available until ^the day before Prom, when the regular price of $2.00 will prevail. Passports are not necessaiy to pur-
chase tickets.
With hours for dancing scheduled for 9 to 2 and coed hours set as 3 a. m., the dance will feature the music of A1 Donahue and his “Low Down Rhythm in a Top Hat” band, whose performance here will follow a week’s engagement at the Orien-
tal Theater in Chicago.
The Donahue band features the songs of Snooky Lanson and Jean Gordon, former songstress for Red Norvo and Jan Garber, together with sweet, hot, and “sing” arrangements of current favorites.
military department pointed out today’s drive,” a student commit-
The Debris staff especially wants Corps will be closed to tee, headed by Chuck Knote, Cary informal shots of such legendary upperclassmen at the end of this Hall President, and composed of campus events as President Elliott year, or when the quota is filled. Dick Sleeper, president of PIA; ’ ' The officers stated that the Army Sovernor of WRH;
of the United States has expressed fRider, president of the Interits appreciation for the patriotic fraternity Presidents’ Council; Jane spirit which prompted a large num- president of Pan-Hellenic
moer i.eor.s ber Of college men to drop their Mogavero, presi-
Rules of the contest are as fol- studies and enlist, but the Army
lows: (1) Anyone is eligible for the ^l^o recognizes the need of a cop- canvas through the coopera contest excent iiiniors and seniors tinuous ffow of educated men not ~ tnrougn tne coopera contest except juniois and seniors hot into the of the community fund organ-
of the Debris. (2) Any number of '^ito industiy, but into the .
' pictures may be submitted by any ^rmed forces as well, one person. (3) Prizes will be ^eed Edi^ated Men i
chasing his /hat across the levee or Doc Martin’s expert chalk throwing to wake up a sleeping freshman engineer. Winning pictures will appear in a special section of the De-
cember Debris.
awarded at the end of July and
ization.
Tippgcanoe County’s share of the natidpal USO budget of $32,000,000
/ uffust 141 All entries must he sub- The Reserve plan was adopted to is $14,400. Of this amount $5,500 mitted by the 17th of each month. Provide for specially qualified men has been collected in the L^ayette (5) Entries must be accompanied "^bo might enlist and remain in- drive, $1,200 being donated by memby name and address of each en- a^tf^e while completing their edu- bers of the Umversity staff ,and trant, written on the back of each cation. $ > V onon ops. photo. (6) An entry box will be After graduation they will have 3,000 Local Men Serve placed at the West Desk of the the requisite education for rapid At the present, there are about Union and in the Debris workshop, assimilation into important tech- g^oOO men from Lafayette, West (7) All photos must be glossy prints nical fields, both industrial and mil- Lafayette and Tippecanoe county not less than 3iA x fV* inches and itary. the army, navy or marines. The ^ ®.'"^bGS in size. gtudents who desire to enlist in goal of $14,400 represents a budget
{8) Subject and division to be en- .it. i u i •
- - .a 1 1- 1- -xi. .ai V 1 the Reserve Corps should apply in ecived their wings in the Army Air tered should be written on the back Armory.
Force last Friday at the Gulf Coast entry. (9) The Debris has
Thirteen Graduates
Receive Wings
Thirteen University graduates re-
Training Center. The new fiyers ^aim on the negative of any entry
were commissioned as fighter and submitted,
bomber pilots in what is stated to be the largest class to graduate fiom the Training Center. Each flyer had to complete the rigorous thirty-two week flying schedule of 200 hours aloft and 400 ground
school hours.
R. B. Hull Broadcasts On WBAA Series
Prof. R. B. Hull, of the horticulture extension staff’, gave the first of a series of three radio talks Monday afternoon on the subject “Developing the Home Grounds for Maximum Use and Enjoyment.”
Thirty Trainees Finish Ordnance Training Another thirty trainees have finished the government-offered course for instruction of ordnance inspectors, given at the University, and will now be assigned to duties in the field. The class, which consisted of
of $4.74 per year per man. No campaign was conducted here
last year, and the local effort is being made to make up for this by reaching the quota early in the
campaign.
Ensign W. Billings, '33,
Weds M. McNeely Ensigh WiiJiam Billings, Sc ’38,
was married to Margaret McNeely of Indignapolis omApiil 13. Ensign Billings was stationed at the Fleet
Base at San Francisco, Cal. Ensign Billings is the secretary
The thirteen flyers and their schools are Lieutenants Louis W. Park, Lake Charles; William H. Scheil, Lubbock; Harold Kester, Lake Charles; Joseph W. Gerard, Ellington Field; George H. Kimball, Ellington Field; Thaddeus W. Ted-
rowe. Blocks Field; Earl L. Yancey, tuteci seveiai months ago on
Lake Charles; Robert A. Beck, WBAA. The addresses ate sched- positions. ElUott GordOH Brooks Field; Eugene L. Newton, uled for every Monday at 1:30 p. m. The first class to complete the ^ TI. WU UUfI Ellington Field; John H. Winchell, The next throe consecutive pro- eourge consisted of thiity men, and . . . ME ’32, has been promoted Lubbock; Robert G. Smith, Lake giams will be given by Professor was graduated six weeks ago. recently from Assistant to the PiesCharles Donaldson Hurd, Lubbock, Laurentza Schantz-Hansen on the Twenty-three men and ten women ident to Executive Vice-President of and Franklin T. McGinnis, Elling- principles of house furnishing and began the second half of the third the Gorham Mfg. Co., silver manuton Field. use of accessories. course last Monday. facturers of Pi'ovidence, R. I.
twenty-two men and eight women,
These broadcasts are a continua- ^b® second to complete its work of the Purdue-Honolulu club and tion of the “Better Homes in Amer- ^bo University. Since there is a is nqw aboard the U.S.S. Indianica” broadcasts which were insti- shortage of trained inspectors, sev- apolis somewhere in the Pacific,
tuted seveial months ago on members have already been
sent to positions.
War Effort Demands Trained Workers, Fighting Men, Food
(Editor’s Note: This is llie first ot a series
of four artteies on the mobilization of Farmers Have Triple Bui den
Amerita’s manpower, prepared by the Office
for Eipergency Management).
SCI VO that purpose for which they These are the youngsters under out of the aii, our aiici aft factories, From the farm—400,000 to 600,- heavy industrial jobs as shipbuildThese trained soldiers and these btted. diaft a^e, most of them students, by 1944, must be employing four 000. ing. .rained workers must be sustained 55,000,000 Workers and the women with no childien un- many people as ttey were ranks of the self-em- Mobilization Is Problem
War against the Axis is a three- by trained farmers—by specialists At the moment the combined la- der IG to be cared for. We could add ? 4.' c ^ ployed professional men, etc.—•400,- "^be whole problem of mobilizing fold ta.sk. First, wo must supply the in agricultural pi oduction. Upon the bor and armed foi ces of the U. S. A. a possible maximum of another and bulletTand shells"anrTombs manpower requires the most care
men to fight; then we must supply faimer today rests a triple buiden. total about 55 million persons, more 9 300,000 to this second line of re- and grenades
the men to make the weapons with Today’s farmer must supply the than 2,QO0,O00 of whpm already arP
Unemployed'—1,500,000. attention to fitness for a par-
in that period. To , +1, m v ticular job. It involves the closest
which our soldiers fight; and. final- food for our soldiers and sailors all in the armed foices. Another 9,500.- ^® 'J®^'® Provide nui- teiple^ this^ empteyrnL^nTmerr- pot lied as f between agenly, we must supply the food with- over the world. He must supply Ihe OOO aie doing necessary woik on the ^0 care for younger children. « employing m force-2.QQ0,- f!!': fu' out which these soldiers and tho.so food which keeps American industry farm, producing food. About three Industry Must Expand . d n’c 000 lective Seiviee system and the wo,kc's cannot erry on. „,„vinB an.l tho foo.l which a»«Ui„s nnlli;,, more a,c nnoinployc.l. To annrcchte tnll, the need tor TnlTv 9M a^Mrtolf " Th „ , UniM Slates Employment Service. (bf> Amorican homo He also must m n • i lo appieciate tuJly the need loi Januaiy, 1944, as it is today. The overall program for manpow- We have now a growing shortage In each instance we must pro- ^b I" manpower mobilization we er mobilization envisions the em- of skilled craftsmen. The United vide not alcne irianpowor but man- Allies going-food for the peilc of a very temporary one nuist realize that yar induslryon-ployment of many thousands of States Employment Service has repower trained tp do its specific job with explosive workers engaged in Women already have dem- ported that for every skilled tool and do that job bpiter than the man- ^ber source of food hy enemy Many of these people ai c out of job. force—must expand explosively if pj.Qjuctio,, in 1944 and that we “f*'trated—hei e as in England— designer available 51 are needed; Zr’tS^yX S — the ^h^: -t m some of .e processes of that ^r every topi mak. available
they must have better weapons than *^®“' bght against ^but down and the plants not are to deliver the tools and the our enemies. If they are to have “itler s armies. ^ converted to the work of wav. weapons which will lick the Axis. Manpower SoiTrees those hotter weapons without which So there are for us in this war In estimating our total resources If we are to get the ships we must wo cannot expect victory we must three fronts—vtho fighting front, the for total war we must include the have, ouv shipbuilding program
production long before that time.
war manufacture they are equal— 25 are needed; that fpr every ship even definitely superior—to men. carpenter available seven are needAnd so just as the war manpower ed. There are 22 jobs for every ma-
^ , program means shifting men work- rine machinist available, and for . ere, are we to get these peo- ers from non-essential jobs to jobs every aircraft riveter now em-
, ,1 1 • - misplaced worker represents a ing with better tools than the men manpower mobilization-is to make do a job toward winning the war if If we are to get the planes we lasnion— gomparatively -light industrial work waste of money and energy aad-r in the factories and the foundries certain that our manpower and our —as it probably will—this becomes must have to knock the Japanese From peacetime industries—7,- as aircraft, and 'u turn shifting the most important of all a waste of of our foes. womanpower go to that front and necessary. and the Germans and the Italians 000,000 to 7,900,000. men thus put ai liberty into such time.Offices: Editorial and Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
News h.I.(or Mnnafi-inc NdiJor Sporls Ktjitor ItiKmess Mmnifcr Cirenlalion Mnnatrcr Coed Kditoi
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjcmre Alice Chatlleld
Publication Staff Assoeintc Kditors Ld.torin! R W Hosv^iiiKle, D E Butz W G Hoakina, A 1’ llont. r n W Ochiltiee, W E Rafert. Spoils SInfl I' 1 Hiiwei, .1 S Dawson, E L Karpick. toed Staff S.illy R'all, Clinilotlc Ilnss, Jean Dauer. Business Staff Cued Bi.siness Manager: Julia Martin. Adiirti ing Managers: .1 M Wright, D. L Johneon. Ciieiilalion Manager: G H Kloimian .\eeoimfs Manager: Tiena Torrengu Jiiiiioi toed Managers: Ellen Claik, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue (.h* Eilitor Hunter
K(,poi 111, Jiiu.n Hiid-
111 . cl , Ir Pi ,1," .■'-to' ' Ol V.K in 1 (
Issue Editor: Votik
Sports Editor: Brewer
.iii.-n, Murphy, Shipntski, Kimball, Rollins,
Milkr, R,i&! 111,111
i: 11' M di'i
:oiid ebiss niatl'i at Ih" post office in laifayidii 111- act of Longrt^b ol Maich 3, 1879, and •it ' ol posUge puivnlod/ for in section 1103, , 1917, authoiized January 20, 1922 Published b-idav and Sunday mornings duiing the sumi! daily i i-cept Monday dining the fall and - ndiv.iid locally by cariur foi $128 for r inailid tub ciiplion $1 f.O PI national advciti-ing be National Advertisf Cell go I’liblislicis Representatives, 420 icw Yoik, N Y .
Why Just Squeeze By E.ii-lv inis week we were over talking to Ihe military department about the student rosj-ionse to the enlisted reserve plan. The olhcers reported that quite a few men have ah-cady enlisted and that quite a few more aie in tlie process of being accepted. They said the response had been unusually good the pasi couple of days and we’ll have to admit they themselves looked as if they’d just finished a PE 12 obstacle race. It didn’t lake long to discover what caused litis huge increase in interest. A group of drgfteos had been inducted in Lafayette that morning. 'Doc Miller and the military department had been faced with the obstacle of trying to squeeze a number of men into the reserve befui’c 1 he deadline. What it amounted to was compleling about a three-day program of questionnaires, interviews, parental approval, phv,«ical check-up, scholastic OK and other del ails in a single day. The military department admitted that they’d been pretty successful in beating the deadline this time but didn’t hesitate to say that they doubted whether they’d have energy to do it again. We’ll have to admit that this last minute rush is a little unfair and quite unnecessary. It doesn’t take any more inertia to start a week or two earlier to apply. The Summer Ratio
8.44
to 1
WEXU START OUT THE DAY WITH A BREEZY COLUMN—
(Editor’s Note: The following are excerpts from the minutes of the Student War Council for the last three meetings of this ""rhe Student War Council met in the Union office on Wednesday, June 17, 1942, at 7:30 p. m. The council apprived the minutes of the June 10 meeting distributed before the meeting. Ralph Deuster read a letter from Mr. 0. S. Poland, a staff assistant to the Office of the Secretary, Treasury Department, Washington, D. C. The letter, sent originally to President Elliott, urged that through classi’oom work, extension services, community forums, and library direction, colleges can help Americans understand all the economic and social implications of total war. The letter emphasi2;ed that the War Savings Program be kept on a voluntary basis. This maintains a democratic privilege. With 'the letter was a publication of the U. S. Office of Education entitled “Practicing Democracy in the College.” Ralph suggested that the members of the council read the booklet. Ralph said there have been comments in reference to students driving ears on campus in spite of the rubber shortage. The council, after discussing 'the matter, decided that students could cooperate by driving less and doubling up in cars on dates. It doesn’t seem necessary for students to diive to classes or on dates to the Union. The cbuncil recommended that the Exponent carry an editorial on the subject. Chuck Knote repoited that all men desiring to assist in the farm labor program will obtain work. The employment agency says they can place all available men. The council felt that all students interested should fill out schedule cards and send them to the employment agency. The meeting was adjourned at 8:10 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Chairman Florence Croll, Secretary
T know Ernie well enough to know that he won’t be satisfied
just to kiss the Blarney Stone.”
The Student War Council met in the Union office on Wednesday, June 24, 1942, at 7:30 p. m. The council approved the minutes of the previous meeting. Ralph Deustei read a letter from Professor Hockema stating that this community has been requested to raise $14,000 for the USO diive during July. Ralph appointed the following committee to prepare a plan peimitting students to contribute to the cause: Chuck Knote, chairman; Bill Rider, fiaternities; Joe Mogarvero, cooperatives; Jane Ballard, sororities; Doris Bower, WRH; and Dick Sleeper, independents. Ralph read a letter from the State Salvage Committee of Buieau of Industrial Conservation, War Production Board. The letter was accompanied by an excerpt from Higher Education and National Defense Bulletin No. 28, June 2, 1942, showing how to set up a campus conservation and salvage progiam as part of the National Salvage for Victory program sponsored by the Bureau of Industrial Conservation of the WPB. Hairy Hudson was appointed chairman of the drive. The council decided that an all-campus convocation would be desirable. The group hopes to have Piesident Elliott speak of his work in Washington. Bill Hoffer was appointed chaige of the piogiaqi. The date will be sometime duiing Dr. Elliott’s next return to the campus. The council drew up plans for the December graduation. These will be presented to the Executive Committee on Monday, July 29. The first plan is for commencement exercises to be held on December 20. Grades submitted to the Registrar by 4:30, December 16. The alternative plan is for commencement exercises on December 23 and grades submitted by 4:30 p. m., December 19. No baccalauieate is recommended. . The meeting adjourned at 9:15 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Chairman Floience Croll, Secietaiy
9n, JhsL (^kuAdlSA, University Pre.sbyterian Church North and Grant Sts., W. Lafayette John W. Findley, Mini.ster 10:30 a. in.—Morniin^ Worship. Sermon topic: “Fiom Iiifoience To Faith.” 9:30 a. m.—Class in Religion. Discussion theme: “The Basis of a Durable Peace.” Dr. Goidon Giaves, Sponsor. G:00 p. m.— Sunday Evening Club. “The Autocrat of the Breakfast Table,” a short radio play, will be presented, under the diiect'on of Ernie Nordlinger. An instrumental trio will also be featuicd.
Vl/isconsinGirlToWed Lieutenant M. D. Steer Announcement has been made by M. Pittelman, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, of the engagement of his daughter, Ruth Kay, to Lt. M. D. Steer. Miss Pittelman, at present supervisor of the Speech Clinic, has been on the Clinic staff for the past two years. Before coming to the University she was employed as speech correctionist in the public school
systems in Wisconsin.
Before receiving his commission in the Navy, Lt. Steer was professor f speech and director of the Uniersity Speech Clinic. Steer completed his graduate work, receiving his PhD at the University of Iowa, wlfere he was a member of the staff before coming to this University. He is at present conducting reseaich work at the Naval Air Sta-
tion, Pensacola, Florida.
Seed Testing Course
Attracts Twelve
Six Hoosiers and six persons from out of state are registered in the seed testing and weed identification course which opened at the University on Monday and which will continue until a week fiom tomoiiow. The out of state people have come from Floiida, Minnesota, Alabama, Illinois and Wiscosnin. The course is being given by Miss Regina Schulta of the seed testing laboratoiy staff and Prof. J. H. Lof-
forge of the agronomy stall’.
Daily Health Service Report
On June 30, )D. Ei Forsythe, Science, entei’ed the St. Elizabeth Hospital for surgical treatment. Roberta Thoma, Homo Ec, and G. D. Williams, Science, entered the Home Hospital for medical care. Miss Thoma was dismissed July 2. On July 2, L. E. Farnsworth, Mech. Eng., entered the St. Elizabeth Hospital for medipal care and was dismissed July 3. Charlotte Richardson, Home Ec, entered the Home Hospital for surgicaheare and was dismissed July 3. D. V. MeVey, Forestry, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital on July 3 foi surgical treatment and was dismissed July 6. E. R. Smith, Science, enteied St. Elizabeth Hospital on July 3 for medical treatment. David H. McMaster . ... ’26, has been named President of the Bell & Zollcr Coal Company of Chicago, according to word received here by friends. Mrs. McMaster was foimerly Miss Helen Price, HE '26, of West Lafayette.
Personnel Notes
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Book Store
AcroRB From Uniou “Red** Samrnotia *29 **I)oc** Rpple *40
Ruiiio' lias it that “the old column” has bioken up a ‘ijiauiilul lomance”. These “friends” who send clqil'iiig home to off-campus pm gills cause moie d.iiipdl tiouble. Cal'-!
GjioiI old Sig Nu “Wabby” Wabiszewski, F. J., belli v<h that pel .seveiance wins out with woman fipvljlii.,. All tilings come to he who waits, except IVippa Betkv Pershing, who lets him sit outside in J.ort ol lier house all night while she has other dates witiiin
The Student War Council met in the Union office on Wednesday, July 1, 1942, at 7:35 p. m. The council discussed plans for the USO diive. The committee members, appointed at the last meeting, repoited that they would contact the vaiious housing units. All money is to be collected by Fiiday, July 10, 1942. The gioup had hoped to have money collected by Wednesday but the committee lelt this would not be sufficient time because students are off campus the week-end of the Fourth. Ralph said it 11'ad been suggested that collections for the USO be made at the Dr. Elliott convocation. Harry Hudson repoited his meeting in Indianapolis with Dudley A. Smith of the Indiana Salvage Committee of Bureau of Industrial Conservation, WPB. He obtained useful material for publicity. Hariy said his big need was for workers, publicity, and arrangements for salvage collectois. Hany’s plans are to (1) set up a period for the first collection, (2) send letters to house managers explaining the drive, (3) contact the Boy Scouts to make collection of scrap. Ralph reported that at the Executive Committee Monday, June 29, plans for December comniencement exercises had been presented by Ralph Deuster, Florence Cioll and Chuck Knote. After discussion, the matter was tabled until October when more information IS available on the transpoitation situation. The meeting adjourned at 8:15 p. m. Ralph Deuster, Chairman Floience Croll, Secretary
Ovitn Castle Knight, Fred Wolf, joined the 'ong I’cl cl otliei Owen married men last week-end when iiii hung his SCA pin on the sweater of Blanche Cauglicnour of lilinuis State U. ’ “Jinx” Jentsch, lucky pledge of the Reamer’s Club, liad Iv.cnty-five black marks removed from his lecoid \%i1( 11 he got Ann Ostrander, Theta, as his part of u 'icavtngcr^liuiit. (No leflections cast by column!) Ann also .supplied otliei boys with einbairassing aiti( b . ol women’,s clotliing, much to the glee of the Reainei actives. TWO PINS, THREE GIRLS, TWO FELLOWS, AND A HECK OF A MESS . . . La't week, Phi Gam, Ken Gossit didn’t know it, but he was the “bigamist of the week” when the mushli gii 1 of the I’i Phi house, Gloria Bell, got hold of one ol ills’ll and Katie Burtsch’s Phi Gam pins and \>'oie it to .school. Here is the catch. Gloria claims to be going .steady with Delt Prexy Don “Tiger” Filin who has lecently turned his attentions to blonde, Lojb Kepner-
Jumes R. Burkharf- . . . First Lieutenant in thg University military department, has been appointed to the regular army. Lieutenant Burkhart, who graduated from the Science School in 1937, has been an instiuctor in the University ROTC unit since August, 1940, Piioi to that time he served with the IGlh Field Artilleiy. Gerard M. Ray . . . former student at the University, has been commissioned a second lieutenant in the Marine Air Coips Reserve. Ray was awaided his “wings” by Capt. John D. Puce, commandant of the U. S. Naval /Vu Station at Jacksonville, Fla.
Sunday Program of The Wesley Foundation at the First Methodist Church, N. Cliauiicey Ave. and South St., West Lafayette, Indiana 9.30 a. m.—Cliurch School. The Student Class will bo taught by Mr. J. C. Fianklin. ' 10:40 a. m.—Morning Public Worship Scivice. Music will be fuiiiished by the Paul Tinchor Smith Memoiial Choir. Dr. Otto Scott Steele, ministci', will preach on the theme, “Disillusionment and Beyond.” 5:45 p. m.—Wesley Vespeis at the church. The service will be in charge of the Commission on Community Service. The subject to be discussed will be, “Mexico’s Woik Camp,” the firft in a senes of thico discussions duiing the month of
July.
All students are cordially invited to attend any oi all of these seiv-
ices.
Purdue Christian Foundation Flr.st Christian Church Sixth and North Sts., Lafayette 9:30—Student Class. Leadei, Rev. Willis Williams. 10:1,J—Moining Worship. SeimOn by Rev. Doyle Mullen, finale in sei ies on “The Ait of Woishiji.” 5:00 -Meet at 131 S. Ctanl to leave lor 15c supper. I'kuum iIuclusioii loadei, Bob Smith. West Lalayettc Baptist (’liurcli Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, minister 9:30—Rogei Williams Club Cla'-s. Rev. Gleason will teach the cla.ss. 10:30—Church Woiship Scivice —Favoiite hymn seivice. Solos will be sung by Prol. Eric Greenfield and Viigmia Ulrey. A duet will be sung by Maiy Lou and Nancy Sue Curts, and the Junior .Choir will sing. The students are invited to attend the Annual Church Picnic at Vawtei’s Big Rock. Cais will leave the cluuch immediately aft(-i church scivice. Tiansjioilalion will be Juriiished flee. Wards Complete Diamond Tourney The first round of six iioltball games has jusl been completed by the vaiioLi-, Waids on the campus. Any Ward which did not enter a team in this initial lound may c*ntei the .second lound which will begin Monday, July 20. Entry blanks may be obtained in tho Intramuial office at any time. These should be filled out and letuined by Monday, July 13. Several Wards have not been represented in any sports this year, namely Ward.s 3, 6, 7, and 8. All of these aie in god to entei this second 1 ound.
Stewart-Warner Corporation, Indianapolis, Indiana — Coming Friday, July 10. Interested in August ME giaduates. Delco Reiny Division of GMC, Anderson, Inch—Coming Saturday, July 11. Intel ested in August ME, EE, ChE and Sci. Sign in Personnel Offici' by 3 p. m. Fiiday, July 10. Carnegic-Hlinoia Steel Company, Chicago, 111.—Coming Wednesday, July 15. Intel ested in all August engineering gi'adualos. Sign in Personnel Office by 3 p. m. Tuesday, July 14. Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company, Barbel Ion, Ohm—Coming Fiiday, July 17. Holley Carburetor Company, Dotioit, Michigan—Coming Wednesday, July 22. Interested in August ME. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 21. General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York—Coming July 22, 1912. Interested in applications fiom all August Engineoiing and Science seniors. This includes students who are entering tho armed foi ces. Inquire at the Personnel Office. Continental Electric Corfipany, Geneva, 111.—August or December EE. Sign in Personnel office at once. A representative may visit the campus if a sufficient number sign up. Simmonds Acrocessories, Inc., New Yoik—Intel ested in Mechanical and Aeionautical Engineers for instillment woik. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, July 14. P. R. Mallory and Company, Indianapolis, Ind.—Interested in ongmeeis foi sales onginceiing. Sign in Peisoniiel Office by Tuesday, July
14.
Sharpies Chemicals, Inc., Philadelphia, Pennsylvania—-Interested in Chemical Engineers oi chemists. Sign in Personnel Office liy Thursday, July 16. Naugatuck Chemical Divi.sion of U. S. Rubber Company, Naugatuck, Connecticut—Intel ested in August and December Chemical Engineers. Sign in Pi'isonnel Office by Thiiisday, July 16
LUHA
MFAVErtt TODAY - SAT.
TODAY - SAT.
HELD OVER TODAY-TOMORROW
History's Heroic Trail Blazers in the Screen's Greatest Adventure Story! NORTHWEST PASSAGE In Technicolor — WITH — SPENCER TRACY ROBERT YOUNG WALTER BRENNAN
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY VIVIEN LEIGH ROBERT TAYLOR WATERLOO BRIDGE
MAHS —LAST TIMES TODAY— VERONICA ROBERT ALAN LAKE PRESTON ' L'ADb
yguy WOK SUMPS and $0HDS at TUt nUT^/
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St, ” Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price '.I
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Hands on her hips, a smile on her lips and the sparkle in her eyes Lynn Bari looks all .set to go places and do things with Henry Fonda[ Don Ameche—or both—in “'J'he Magnificent Dope,” 20th Century-Fox’s clever new comedy coming to the Mars thealre Saturday,iSiV iiL ^"K, * , *i t\'t i) I iin '• I ) ' '' *’‘'''li‘i ^ ‘ ^ ^ i i ■’i ' , ' ' * ' / friday//ufy jo; m/ ' EoitermaJeer Sports ''
H4 4.|.
^'%mi ■!,ia " 4- ^-1
Athletes Work To Pass OP'®*® Communiquee Sigma DeltdPsi Tests ^ B,B„bH.d,., O
For Hawks In All-Star Poll
By Ad Scheid
Applications for Sigma Delta Psi,= national honorary athletic fraternity, Still continue to pour in, according to W. L. France, faculty director of the local chapter. Already between fifty and sixty students are working out nightly in Ross-Ade Stadium in an attempt to get . ■ in shape to pass the required . T %/ tests necessary for initiation / QY/^I lO Y OiC
into the fraternity.
Clevett Has Hopes > “Chief” Clevett, national president of the honorary, hopes to have a large local chapter organized by the end of the summer. To qualify
for membership in the local chap- a /-.rm-Ar t , t . . IOWA CITY, July 9—lowaiis can ter, applicants have to pass seven . j. „ tt ■ -a j: r . j, , . vote for former University of Iowa pf the fourteen national events « , • av , n aa- a ,,,, ,, , football players in the ballotting to which include the 110 yard low hur- , „a au a n cja j j; at. ,, , , , ,,, „ ,, select the All-Star squad for the
dies 100 yard dash, softball throw football punt, broad jump, hand
won’t be wasted
stands, high jump and several oth-
ers. According to France there are Hawkeye officials were inalfeady several students ready to f^^med Wednesday by the Chicago qualify for the local chapter and a Tribune, sponsor of the annual Aug-
i^w prospects for the national chap- gajne tpr. All fourteen of the national piayers Available
events have to be passed in order
to become eligible for the national ggrvice still are in continental chapter, as well as scholastic and United States, the army and navy posture requirements. ^jjj jyiake them available for the In order to encourage students to game, Washington officials assured try out for Sigma Delta Psi, “Chief” the game promoters. Clevett has made it possible for Hawkeyes with the best chances applicants to substitute every two- for election include Bill Green, now hour workout iP the stadium for the at Lambert field, St. Louis, in naval honorary for two hours of P. E. 12. aviation; A1 Couppee, who next Meets Twice a Week week will be assigned to a navy Each hpplicant is allowed three pre-flight school as a physical inattempts to pass any event. Tests structor; Bill Diehl, center, now in can be taken any Tuesday or Thurs- army; and Jim Walker, tackle, day afternoon when the honoiary heard from at his home in meets for its bi-weekly woikouts. South Bend, Ind.
Green Starred
Green was Iowa’s leading groundgainer last fall with a total of 422 yards and an average of 3.7. Walker played four major full-time
A, j Ai, V .1. 1 A j games, 403 minutes out of a posAlready the honorary has elected a ,, a , a, a- .. „ 05 lAi. 4 4.U ■ ^20, to exceed the time of N le
The fraternity expects to become active on the campus by the end of the summer, at which time members will sponsor several campuswide athletic events and tourneys.
The contents of this corner may seem a bit jumbled in this edition— the editor is still a bit jittery from ducking the drives that opposing batsmen, who liked his pitching, were smashing back at him in an interfraternity softball contest last night. In the future a catcher’s mask will be kept near the mound for use when a shelling is imminent. The draft is beginning to put some clouds on the Boilermakers’ football horizon. Even under the best of conditions and carrying plenty of reserves, next fall is going to hold some tough Saturdays for the squad. The loss of valuable men into the various services is not going to make Head Coach Elmer Burnham’s fiVst season in the
saddle any easier.
The supply of grade “A” halfbacks available for service next fall has been seriously depleted in the last month by the ^trance into the NaVy of first; Francis Meakim, followed last Monday bjr^^W'Swede” Anderson. Anderson enlisted a few days before he was sMimuled for induction into the Army. “Swede”, as a speedy, 190-lb. half, showed a great deal of promise in his performances last season and was expected to see a lot of service in the coming campaign. Switching sports we note that “old” Lon Warneke is back on the team that he had behind him in the days of his greatest pitching, after a 6-year sojourn in the St. Louis Gas House. He was obtained at the waiver price despite the fact that his record last year and to date this year was far from discrediting. Last season Lon turned in 17 victories against 9 defeats giving him a lifetime record of 177 wins and 104 losses for an average of .630—an average no pther national league pitcher who^as played in 50 games can equal. In one of last-year’s games, Warneke sent the Cincinnati Reds home for the day without a bingle for the only no-hitter of the year in the
senior circuit.
This year Warneke has won 6 and lost 4, finishing only 5 of the frays. Perhaps the old surroundings in Wrigley Field will get the 33-year-old veteran back in his old form. Johhny Berardino, second baseman of the Browns, changed uniforms against yesterday. He was honorably discharged from the Air Corps after he failed to qualify as an Army pilot. It’s a break for the Browns, for Johnny is a dependable fielder and hitter. If the Brooklyn Dodgers ever had any friends among the sports scribes outside of Flatbush, rumor has it that they are losing them this year. Larry MaePhail’s crew are riding high right now—leading the league in just about every department. The dopesters claim that they are too good to be true—permanently, ^till, the experts admit that the chances of any of the other clubs overtaking the rampaging “Bums” is fairly remote. They shake their heads, though, and say that the Dodgers will get snowed under if they get in the series—and apparently most of them are hoping so.
INTRAMURALS
Phi Delts Fall From Softball Lead; ATO's Take Top Spot In League
few officers, although the organiza tion is far from completed. A1 Arnold, senior^ is acting chaiiman, and
Kinnick and Mike Enich, previous Ironmen.
, , Couppee was a quarterback star Bud Clevett IS woiking as secretary. . , , au t. - a •
„ , .. M, u u Ai.- played on the East team in the Regular meetings will be held this at „ v > u -a - a,
® New Year’s chanty game at New
Orleans, while Diehl was one of the finest centers in the midwest.
Work Out Nightly
Although organized workouts and tests are given only on Tuesday and
Thursday'nights, most of the ap- _ . , .
plicants have been working out four To Attend Med. School
and five nights a week. This dis-
Footbai! Manager
Dave Sayles who was elected to 7
play of interest and hard woik on the position Of senior football manthe part of students is one of the ager last fall, will leave the Unithings that has led Clevett to be- versity to attend Michigan Medical lieve that the honorary may soon School next September. His job as become an important and active football manager will be taken gioup on the campus. over by'Gene Wiley.
Phone 2343
SCOBEE’S
— All Kinds of Photographic Supplies — Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing —
PROMPT SERVICE 105 Northwestern Ave.
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
The following fraternity softball games will be played Tuesday, July 14: 1 Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 5 Phi Gamma Delta vs, Theta
Tau.
6 Phi Kappa Tau vs. Kappa Del-
ta Rho.
Alpha Chi Rho vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma,
Delta Chi vs. Tau Kappa Ep-
silon.
Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma
Chi.
Acacia vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
Sigma Pi vs. Theta Xi. Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Chi. Triangle vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Delta Tau Delta. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa.
'The following Cary Hall softball games will be played Friday, July 10: Diamond 13 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. 14 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7.
8 9
10 11 12 13 14 16 16 17
The following Gold & Black games will be played Friday evening, July 10: 6:30— Field 1 Phi Delta Theta vs. Kappa Sigma. Referee: Musselman. 2 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. Referee: Mordoh. 3 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Theta Chi. Referee: Kleinberg. 4 Sig‘ma Nu vs. Acacia. Referee: Cohen.
AGR's Score Slam Previously undefeated in actual softball competition, the 'TKE diamond squad fell to the Alpha Gamma Rho ten, 19-7, last Tuesday night. The “Teekes,” relying on the hurling of Bobby Hajzyk, failed to make a showing against the AGR’s, who were led by the batting of Howard Diesslin. Bill Sumner, AGR pitcher, was credited with the win.
Phelan Starts Duties As Gridiron Coach Of St. Mary's Squad MORAGA, Cal., July 9—Jimmy Phelan, foimer coach at the University of Washington, and one-time Boilermaker football mentor, began to line up plans for his coming season at St. Mary’s College, here. Phelan, a graduate of Notre Dame, coached at the University of Missouri and piloted the Boilermaker eleven before going to Washington in 1929. Former Husky He was ousted by the Huskies last Dec. 15 in a move he described as “another Pearl Harbor job,” but was named head mentor at St. Mary’s recently by Brother Austin, president of the College. Jimmy was appointed head coach for the “duration,” following the acceptance of a naval commission by Norman Stradler. Marty Kordick will continue as assistant coach. Phelan’s appointment quashed rumors that St. Mary’s would abandon football because the Moraga campus had been taken over for a pre-flight training school. Swim Team Members
By Fred Rassman
Entering its fifteenth round, the Intramuraf softball race was turned into a free-for-all dog fight last night with the smashing of the Phi Delt charm by a rugged band of Phi Kappa Tau sluggers. The Phi Delt punch was lacking as the Phi Tau’s handed them their
second defeat of the week by a
decisive 5-2 count.
On Top Again
Back on top of the heap after nearly a six weeks' absence, the A. T. O.’s eked out a 2-1 win over a scrapping crew of Phi Sigma Kappas to move out « half game in front of the Phi
Kappas.
The fall of the Phi Delts broke a
Professional Grid Star Sees Action ki Fort Sheridan CHICAGO, July 9—The record holder for all-time active service in the National Professional Football
League, drafted recently, is report- reign that had lasted for nearly ed fitting into the service stripes eight weeks and had carried the well at Fort Sheridan. State street swatters to nine conHis name is John McNally— secutive victories without defeat, ranked as one of the most outstand- Last Tuesday, the masterful no-hit ing football players of all-time by pitching of Tau Kappa Epsilon’s his fellow pro-giidders. During his Bobby Hajzyk crushed the Phi professional career of a grand total Delts’ powerful attack while the of 15 seasons he saw service with TKE’s were blasting Phi Delt hurlMilwaukee, Green Bay, and Pitts- ers for seven runs. The Phi Delts’ burgh, and finished up as the Pitts- batting slump continued to plagpie burgh Steeler’s coach. them last night as they only garTried Everything nered a brace of tallies against the
McNally iried to enlist in every- Phi Kappa Taus. thing—even went to Canada to try Many Teams Rise
for the air force. His eyes kept him ^he TKE’s continued their surge
out but the draft board signed him
up. Besides his notable feat of play- pj^j ^aus, ing in 31 rugged contests against p^eta Chis, all of whom betthe Chicago Bears, he is writing a positions in the chase, book on sociology. , ^ , Other results on last mghrs His other name is Johnny Blood, gj but very few in his profession know pj^^ gj ^hi, 6-6; him by that name. j^^pp^ lambda Chi
Alpha, 3-1; Phi Kappa Psi defeated Acacia, 13-6; Tau Epsilon Phi defeated Pi Kappa Alpha, 3-2; Theta Chi defeated Beta Sigma Psi, 12-1; Beta Theta Pi defeated Sigma Phi Epsilon, 10-5; Theta Xi defeated
i. • 1... i.1. 11 • xu Delta Upsilon, 4-1; Kappa Sigma straight football swap, rare in these defeated Kappa Delta Rho, 1-0; Phi present times, was announced re- ^ rj,^^ defeated Phi Delta cently by the Detroit Lions of the g.g. Triangle defeated Sig-
Lions Swap Jefferson
DETROIT, Mich., July 9 —A
National Football League. The
ma Chi, 3-2; Pi Kappa Alpha de-
The following Ward softball games will be played Friday evening, July 10: Diamond 4 Ward 2 vs. Ward 27. 6 Ward 25 vs. Ward 21. These games are the semi finals and should be played as scheduled. Monday night the winners of these two games will play for the final championship.
'A ft- L/j ... ^
does life-savlug tricks for your figare.*
, It'f tha uplifting power of the new Jontsen bra ^~the ilimming, trimming, emoothing influence of Jontzen foundation central I—the wonderful elasticity of the new Jontzen fabrics knit with "Leitex" yam Ihot hold line and loveli-* ness all summer long, in the woter or In the luni
DECKin 518-20 Main St.
Last Saturday members of the University swimming teams participated in a July 4th aquacade at the Lafayette Country Club. Mildred Smith and Jane Stamm, members of the Triton Club, women’s swimming honorary, demonstrated various ballet techniques. Johnny Nestle demonstrated the evolution of swimming strokes from the elementary, beginners stroke to present styles. Don Deer put on an exhibition with rubber flippers, demo»strating ideal racing foim for swimming. Prof. F. I^. Eastwood is director of tfie swimming activities at the Country Club. Ten Complete Met. Training Course Certificates have been awarded to nine men and one woman for the satisfactory completion of a course in production metallurgy offered by the University under the auspices of the United States Office of Edu-
cation.
The course, which is taught by Thomas F. McCoimick, chief woiks metallurgist for the Aluminum Company of America, presents a general survey of the field of metallurgy with emphasis on methods of producing and the inspection of metals and their alloys.
Lions have sent Billy Jefferson to ^
the Chicago Cardinals in exchange Pi, 5-1; Tau Kappa Epsilon defeated Alpha Sigma Phi, 8-6; Alpha Tau Omega defeated Phi Sigma Kappa, 2-1; Sigma Alpha Epsilon won from Theta Tau by forfeit.
The present standings:
Team
for John Hall, both being half-
backs.
Whizzer’s Plash
Jefferson, formerly of Mississippi State College, was Byron (Whizzer) White’s understudy last year as a freshman in pro football and his most notable achievement was a 101-yard kickoff return agains the
Chicago Beais.
Phi Kappa
w
L
Pet
?a 10
1
.909
10
2
.877
on 10
2
.877
. 9
3
.750
.... 8
3
.727
... 8
3
.727
.. 8
3
.727
.. 8
3
.727
.8
3
.727
HELLO!
inals and the Green Bay Packeis Phi Delta Theta since 1938 when he left Texas Chris- Sigma Pi tian University. He is married and Sigma Chi makes his home in the off-season Theta Chi at Kaufman, Texas, where he is a Pi Kappa Tau rancher. Sigma Alpha Mv
All-Campus Mixed Doubles Tournament Will Begin Monday; Open To Everyone As a part of the summer program sponsored by the Physical Fitness Committee of the Intramural department and W. A. A.,' the All-Campus Mixed Doubles Tennis Tournament will get under way next Monday, July 13. This event is opened to all students and faculty members here on the campus. All those , ... , , , ,, trophies which will be furnished by interested are urged or rather council. requested to sign up before The purpose of this tournament 4 o’clock Satui day afternoon. is not to determine the two best Enter Now!! tennis players on the campus, but Entiles may be made at the West rather to develop more players here Desk of the Union, Fieldhouse, Res- at the University so that they may ideiice Halls oi Women’s Gym be- make new contacts and further enfore the deadline this week end. To joy this favorite American game, the man and woman winning the Any peison, whether he has ever tournament will go two handsome played before or not, is invited to enter this tournament since it will be mainly for his own pleasui e and
enjoyment.
Watch For Notices! Tournament matches will be announced in the Exponent and players should arrange for their own matches at their convenience. All tournament players will have th^ special privilege of using the Varsity Courts behind the baseball field on Noithwestern Avenue whenever
they wish.
Anyone may sign up either with or without a partner. Partners will be ai ranged by the committee m charge of the event if necessary. Those on the committee include Nancy Cooper, Dick Stettner, Bill Bond and Evelyn Schuber. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
HELLO!
FOLKS! CLEANING saves the wear and tear on your best clothes. Our work is the best, anclj our prices are
reasonable I ^
Fine Quality—Low Prices—Spells;
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Northwestern and Vine Sts.
Phone 4081
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR, HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Sclieliz Bldg. 4th and Main Sti. SefeyetieIv
^tW'.'^f J t"^f M f ' , ,f ^ V , ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ,*. 1 ^^^i\\f , k, ^ i ' ' ' fitge 4 Piirdue Exponent t.-fday, July lO, 1942
Puttering Shop Offers Facilities For Handicraft To Campus Artists
By Pat Miller
For those who feel the uige to cut their initials on solid wood, <mve designs on leather oi doodle
10c, IS charged foi filing potteiy piojects was a hand caived chess in the shop's kiln set with a different face on each One of the mostpopulai inateiials piece and a leathei caiiying case
^ . 1, , , 1 in lecent months has been the Incite One boy expenmented with a small
figures 01 pictuies on all available
s^aee, Puttei.ng Shop was born an ex woikei, who is now em keys foi his oiganmation from There one and all mav cut, carve, Excellent re
suits were obtained fioni the lead eluding costume jewehy, cigaiette
, „ j,, jj j cases and picture frames have been
spend any or all of his odd moments /
,nu„ „.,k turned out by puttcrers
Leather Goods Popular
Leather goods seems to be high among the list of useful puttering shop projects Coveis for cameras, the all important slide rule and more personal items such as purses
and gloves or suspenders and belts color plastics
rty of the place created a demand are made from leather Student Art Guild, an outgrowth for more room, so the shop was in addition to a sale of leather of Puttering Shops, is an organizantoved to the sub basement two goods, a stock of puttering shop pot tion of students who are deeply inyears ago terv will soon be on sale in one of teiested in hand and art work The Open eveiy afternoon to students, the town stores Students can make shops. Student Art Guild and the the organization furnishes almost and fire then own pottery in the art displays arranged through these #ilmateiials free Leathers are sold kiln in the shops oiganizations are maintained on the «t cost and a small fee, usually Outstanding among the recent Student Union art budget
draw, paint or doodle to then , , V i X TT j i.1. £ scraps countless plastic pieces, in heart s content Under the friendly T i,„ ,
eye of Bob Parks, a student may
spend any or all of
in the Union sub basement making all kinds of things for gifts, for sale
or just for fun Opened In 1939
Puttering Shop opened in the Tower Room of the Union in Febluary, 1939 The increasing populai
keys
Linoleum Blocks In Demand At Christmas time the linoleum blocks for cards, gift enclosures, gifts and the like are m constant demand One of the clothing classes also made use oi these facilities last year to stencil or block print dresses with the same dye used to
T»[ BOmi KICK
Yesterday was a turbulent day for the Cork It started out in the morning when we awoke to the startling realization that we were with the troops on the Libyan desert That was because there were some military students walking by and they were wearing tropical helmets Being with the troops on the Libyan desert we felt, would not be so terrifying in itself It was just that the Cork didn’t have any tropical hat, and we just knew we’d be a social outcast • • During the day, Mr Bolz called us into his office for an interview because he sard that there would be some men coming to the campus to give us a job nr another year and that he should be acquainted with us before they came After talking to us for some time, he knitted his brows and told us we certainly had a good background We got away before we could ask him what he thought of our foiegiound It’s probably just as well that we didn’t ask him Our index would probably be considered in our foreground and there was that little matter of not doing so well in Professor Buzzaid’s math class last semester • • We went over to the Union to see if any men had left any papers lying in the lounges which we could take out on the balcony to read We found a copy of the Sun and started to go outside, but thought we’d call Gloria first to see if she wanted to go to the Prom • • The telephone operator asked us what we wanted and we told her an outside line Sue said just a moment please We waited a irioment and she didn’t
give us an outside line, so we started whistling in the mouthpiece to make it hurt the operator s ears That didn’t help so we shouted that we wanted an outside line • e Someone said so do we It was a redhead across town At first she acted angiy but then she got very friendly Her name was Bernie and she and her sister were living alone and they moved up from Texas to Lafayette for their health She said she looked like Greer Gar son Her father was m Wash ington and wasn’t a senator, but a G man They didn’t do anything except spend money Her sister s name was Dolly She said that she’d call us up Sunday 0 • We thought that while we were in the telephone booth, we’d just as well call Dean Dotty up too Some of the fellows weie wanting to know if coeds that they didn’t know very well were supposed to say hello to them first when they met or vice versa Dean Dotty told us that when a guy and a coed know each other very well, it is equally proper for either to offer a greeting first But if the fellow and the coed had just met at a trade dinner or something the coed should say heller first We told Dean Dotty that we thought many coeds didn’t know that and we thanked her for her trouble a • The Cork left to go over to the nTOvios We stopped at an apple tree behind the library and picked three of the apples off it We ate one and it tasted like straw, so we put the others m two of the lions’ mouths The woman walking behind u4 stared at us, so we ran for a ways • • We sat down in the Music Hall and too late we realized that we hadn’t brought our overcoat along, but we remembered that we had some cough inedi cine left from last semester and shivered through the show in confidence
Classified ^ Ads
Typewriters—Adding: Machines all makes gold rentid repaired and purchased Mime opruph work done C J rbershoit 60 j Mam rnfnyet^e Phone 2779 Money to loan on diamonds witches t,un8 hp,kag:t tyi twriteis Albeits loan OfTice 407 Columbia list—Y II w < idiioy jacket in EE bldg C all Brophy 4061
the M o clock
L Bnildink Friday
■ Jaily 10 at 4 —PFIZER
Id t Tll 3i01
t Cold W illh im wi ist watch on men s , Of 111 Is Saturday 1 hone Bob Hadley Rewaid
Notices
Purdue fcngiliccr Important meeting for stall mirnbds and woikcrs Friday after noon July 10 Ut 4 00 o clock m the office
—TOUNGBLOOt)
Re imer t iuh Mtetini, Mon lav at 7 16 I) m in loom 104 Pledgee at 7 46
—KNOTE
CoRUiopolitan Club Meoling at 4 15 p nf Frill y July 10 in room 004 of the Union
—SEEVEK
Alpha Phi Omega Hike postponed Iti tnliUioii (I new rlfiecrs and senior faculty ndvi (I to be htld in rrom S05 of the Union on 'lucsdiiy lulj '’1 at 7 80 p m
—WILBUPv
Alpha Phi Omega All seniois meet in loom iOI (f th( Uiii n liidiy July 10 oni half li ui allLi c iiv i to ict as nomination fommiltic
—WII BUR
Alpha Phi Omega Election of officers Juisdiv July II in room 10 of flit Union
All
ar t V s I
pi< nlptly at
present
Mtctini will begin
WII BUR
^ "Bounce this off Tojo's head," said Edmund Jung to Howard Chamberlain, WLW's assistant program director, when the Chinese youth contributed a solid rubber ball to the recent rubber drive Edmund, his mother Mrs Anna Jung, and brother, Gilman, of Indianapolis, were heard during a recent WLW "Rally For Rubber" broadcast which featured pickups from five cities in three states
Reservists All male students who have not yet completed the two jeais basic mil itnry Irainnu required for graduation aqd ai now membcih c f the Naval or Marine Coips Reserve repi rt t the Adjutants ofhce Purdue Armiiy fir impiitant information relative to jour st tus —RIORDAN Chemical 1 ngincers All lh)b< d nr us of ni mleibhip in (h AK 111 in I ill th se desiious of i s ibserii ti n to the Clum all Met nnga/iii lie nil g< ti the m iin oil ee tf the seh 1 Ih s week —-MURRTI I Gimlet Pledges Have initntnn fcis to m befoie July 10 —MERRILL Chinese Students Me(tii„ Frulaj July HI at I m 111 uom 101 if Uni n
—rlANC
Pill lambda Upsilon Riuih initiiti n win b 11 (t I 10 p m S iti r I iv I ilv 11 \llrl L ipitt r om lOl t 1 Ih Chtm istiy I il lini Sheet 1 in trieti ns f r pi d es sli ill be e ire Cully re i ad ah net r t mt —I ICHA Pi Tau Sigma Pledges First pledge meet 1 I will be held in the lea Imt, loom if
116 mm Howitzer Juniors Meeting Mon do July 11 it p m in nom 206 VANDEKFORD 165 mm Howitzer Squads Meet in room 10 in t e Am IV it I 46 p m»July 11 fir ce mi e title n Be i lomi t VANDFRFORD AIME I eeculive Committee meeting W due el ly July 1 at 10 0pm on the Swell h lo nee ef th Ut le ii —SLIIALLIOL Unelegraduate Dames Picnic for hus1 I I \ ill Ic hell Saturday eveninp July 11 in baek of the stadium Bring veiiir fe od
—WESSON
Wesley 1 oundation 1 0 1 ists 11 Wimi y s J ly 10 It th F 1 111 1 veryoni is up
1 ho I oundation will Duek Dinner 1 riday mil iti 11 H nise it 8 itoil Bring ten cents —BANDI Licit
Kijer Williams Club The picnie will be II Si I v Inly 12 at Vawters The 1 (p will jot Cl ircli seivice at 10 JO 1 Itav 1 nm el etolj aft rw ir Is SCHAIIIOL
PI V Chorus Mon 1 J JuL 18 tl Uni n
111
will be a meteing 0 in the South Towel
-HENDRICKS
Rural Leadership School To Close With Session Today
Industrialists
Attend Training Conference Here
Sanguinet Speaks To PEW Classes
Moie than twenty
Dr E C Young of the agricul lepiesentatives of industiy aie attuial economics depaitment and tending a legional distiict tiaining dean of the giaduate school, will conference at the University this be the piincipal speakez today at week This is one of toui legional the closing sessions of the foui tidining conteienees being held teenth annual Ruial Leadeiship thioughout the country by the School held on the campus duiing 1 raining Within Industiy bianch the past week Following Dean of the Office of Emeigency Manage-
Young’s talk on “Some Social As- ment
pects of Faim Finances,” Di EH A E Sinclaii, distiict lepiesenta-
tive fiom Indianapolis, is in chaige of the meeting, assisted by Waltei Dietz associate diiectoi of TWI
Shidelei, state diiectoi of the Farm Security Administiation will ad
diess the delegates
The school which opened Mon day IS designed to tram luial leaders, especially ruial ministeis F V Smith assistant in Rural
Economics, spoke moining’s session on
Family Incomes and Expenses ” Yesteiday afternoon’s piogiam was highlighted by a panel discussion on “Post Wai Conditions and Oppoitunities” led by Prof J P Schmidt, Ohio State extension specialist in Rural Sociology Pi of F C Hotkema, acting piesident ot the Univeisity, Nat 1 Fiame, USDA, Dean Maiy L Matthews, of the School of Home Economies, Mis T E Bailey, piesident ot the State Roadside Council, and L E Hoftnaan ot the Agncultuial Expeiinient station took pait in the panel
discussion
ACCIDENTS HELP THE AXIS
Mis Clotikle Sanguinet, duectoi of School Health Education foi the
midwestern Indiana Tubeiculosis Association
spoke on the campus Wednesday on methods and mateiials in teach mg health She spoke beioie the classes in health and physical edn cation of the department of physical
education for women
Mis Sanguinet’s topics were “Methods in Teaching Health” and “Mateiials foi Health Teaching ’
iiom Washington, D C
To Discuss Common Problems Tiaining specialists fiom vaiious mdustiies aie discussing common
at yesteiday training pioblems at a senes of The Faim meetings each day this week The
discussion centers aiound plant tiaining needs, job instiuetion tiaining, tiaining conference leaders and plant supeivisois and the oiganization of a training piogiam Dean A A Pottei head of the Schools ot Engmceiing, and Prof C W Beese, diicctoi of wai tiain-
ing, addressed the opening meetm„ of the confeicnce on Monday The meeting will be concluded Saturday ivith a suivoy of tiaining plans ioi vaiious distiicts in this region
Hedderich, Winslow Will Represent State At 4-H Camp In August 4 H club loTdcis of the Agiicul tuie staff have, chosen M uct A Heddeiich of Cundcn and Phillip C Winslow of Cuthigc Lo icpic sent the state at Gimp Mimwonea Michigan this August Both have outstanding 4 H club lecoids They have seived foi sov eial years as junior leaders, and have been active in community and school affaus ts well as then club projects dunng the eight ycai pc nod that each has been a club mem
bci
Daiifoith Sponsors Camp Dunng the two week ermpm-. I'c nod, ruial 4 H leadeis Irom twehc Midwestern states will be „uests of William H Danfoith head ol the^ Danfoith Foundation and also head of the Ralston Puiiiia Company Mr Danfoith has paid all expenses ol the camp for some ycais as a con tnbution tow ud development ot taim and liomo leadership Miss Hcddench (xpects to cm oil in the School ot Home Economics at the Univeisily when the till tcim begins this August Fiom August 3 to 16 she will attend the c imp foi gills Winslow vmII rttend fiom August 17 to jO when the cinip is Tcld lor bojs University To Hold Training School 1 itth annu il tiaining school lor Indnn i mill youth undci Lhc au piccs ol the Indi ina Faim Bu iciu Inc in I tlic University will be held hiu August 17 to 21, it
was announced today The cm ollmcnt w ill bo nccessai ily limited to 210 students accouhng to the capacity of tfic Union Build mg at the Umveisity where housm^, for the conteience will be provided Four delegates liom each county Ruial Youth club thioughout the stite arc ilmible to ittcnd the Uni veisity tor this weeks tiamiiv The cost ol 00 per student is boine b'v county I aim Buieaus, eounty cooiiciatives Ruial Youth clubs and otheis interested m the
youth i)io-,iam
Prominent speakers will appear on various genei il sessions foi lowed by group discussions under the leadeiship of students
“MEET V 1= See. ■ • ' ■ at s,*, WALGREEN’S” DELICIOUS FOOD ’ ^ REFRESHING TREATS ^ MODERATELY PRICED YUO’RE ALWAYS WELGOiE AT WALSHEEN’S 410 Main Street »
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality NEVER! We are constantly striving to improve onr QUALITY, to give our customer the benefit of any improvements. I _ I Crown Laundry
OifB MPEPEBPEMCE hy Fighting To Keep It I
fromuTr mar Moot mum A 6aaf>
Top of the Hill
Buy War Bands and for Victory
Stamps
tt