t, Wrestling Teams F^ce Country's Finest Athletes This Week-End
Established 1899
xpj04ne4i^ ^ Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 140
West Lafayette, Indiana
y Friday, March 13,
Student Opinion Survey Displays Uncertainty About Allied Victory
Irv Given To Play At Formal Tonight
VttSnMTON MERHy-«0-MUM
Ky Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Anti-Trust Suits'Harass' Business; U-Boats Attack Supply Of Aluminum Ore WASHINGTON, March 12. — It hadn’t leaked out yet, but Secretary of War Stimson has sent a letter to Attorney General Biddle virtually requesting- that the Justice Department refrain from further prosecution of anti-trust suits until the end of the war. Secretary Stinison’s letter is couched in very general and polite language. But its effect comes close to a demand that the Sherman antitrust act be put on the shelf until the end of hostilities. Behind this is the fact that various Big cothpanieg have been complaining to the War Department that they cannot push their war contracts if they are constantly haratised by the Justice Department bringing them before grand juries. The Justice Department has prosecutions under way against the Aluminum Company of America, Standard Oil of New Jersey, and Bosch and Lomb on charges on conspiring with German firms to restrict such vital war products as magnesium, optical instruments, and synthetic rubber. Standard Oil officials have been weeping on War Department shoulders that they suffer such mental anguish over these prosecutions that they cannot concentrate on war jobs for the Government. However, the Justice Department for a long time has contended that if it had not been for these monopolies, the United States would not today be short of such vital war pioducts as .synthetic rubbci-, magnesium and aluminuin. Furthermore, it is not geneially known that vii--tually all of the German chemical patents which the United States seized during the last war, got right back into German hands (through conspiracy with American (inns) after the war was over. So (he Justice Department claims that this monopolistic pi-actice must be stopped now—and foi all time. Furthermore the Justice Department claims that these l)ig companies, with the best legal brains money can buy on their annual paylolls, can defend these suits without interl'ering with war contracts. What (he outcome will be probably depends on (he White House. And what the White House finally decides will guide (he future of hig or little business in this country for years to come. • Aluminum Bottleneck Secretary Ickes’ Bureau of Mines has been making some very signifi(See MERRY-GO-BOllND, page 2) Ideal Beach Plans Spring dpening Sunday Evening In the newly decorated Ideal Beach Ballroom Shafer Lake, the spring opening dance will be held Sunday night. Bill Benson and hi's orchestra from Milwaukee will play for the opening engagement. Benson has playeil in .many northwestern linllrooms and night clubs. Beginning with the spring opening, special measures to jn'otect car.s will be in effect this year. A watchman will be on duty in an elevated platform overlooking the entire lot and additional police will pati ol the parking space. Dancing will be held every Sunday night under the “social plan,” with, one admission including all charges,
ROIC Honorary Will Hold Dance In Union At 8:30 Pomp and .show of a military dance will reign in the north Union ballroom tonight at the annual Scabbard and Blade dance. Irv Given and his band will provide music for dancing which begins at 8:30. The military honorary fraternity will present its spring class of pledges to the dancers at 10:45. According to Scabbard and Blade members, this year's pledging ceremony will add a un 1(1110 toueh to the usual arch of sabers at Ihe presentation of pledge ribbons. Beginning at 10, a reception for gue.sts, chaperones, and honorary members of Scabbard and Blade will be held in the West Faculty Lounge. G|Uests expected to attend include Dr. and Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Col. D. M. Beere, Mrs. Harris Mahin, national c,ditor of Scabbard and Blade Journal, Major T. C. Crocket, national executive oflicer, and eight members of Company F-1, chapter of the military honorary at the University of Illinois, with their dates. The arch of sabers for the pledging ceremonies will be formed by dance committee members L. L. Stahl, N. W. Raber, Lee Ruffner, R. L. Long, J. L. Cullen, R. B. SLeckor, J. E. Crimm, M. R, Spencer, R. A. Kuntz, and J. F. Wood, in addition to R. A. Dibos, A. A. Topp, N. Melzer, R. V. Youkey, W. F. Farber, and W. L. Sullivan, captain of Company E-1, the local chapter. Hours for the dance, conforming to AWS ruling, will be from 8:30 to 11:30. Innovations for this year’s dance arc that no corsages will be worn, and all students in the advanced ROTC, whether or not they are members of Scabbard and Blade, will wear formal uniforms with white shirts. ’ Names of new pledges will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. Students From Six . I Mid-West Colleges Hold Meeting Today Students from six mid-west universities will gather for the first round of the Western Conference Discussion meet at 10 this morning. The discussions, concerning Pan American relations with respect to the existing Good Neighboi Policy, will he held in looms 232 and 23.') in the Union. L. S. Winch of (he speech depai trnent will act as toastmaster at the banquet to be held tonight at fi. Dr. L. M. Sear.s of the History and Econoinic.s Department will he the main sjieakei. He will discuss Pan American lelfit'ion.s in accordance with the subject for discussion. Announce Winner.s Final discussion sessions will he held Saturday morning at 8. There will he a luncheon Saturday noon at vvhieh the winners of Ihe meet will he announced. Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech department will preside. Representatives of the University ill this discussion were coached by ItolMU't Horn of the Speech Department. 'I'lu' following schools ari' ri'pro.senled: Notre Diinie, Chicago, Iowa, Miiin’esola, and Indiana. Coed Team To Bowl Against Mundelein Ten coeds representing the University will meet a howling team from Mundelein College of Chicago tonight at 8 in the Union bowling alleys. The Mundelein team is making a (our of all the colleges of Indiana. Girls playing on tlie University loam were chosen because of high averages demonstrated in the WAA intramural tournament now in progress. Coeds participating are us follows: Mary Faustich, Eva Williamson, Mary Mills, Jan Yeoman, Kathryn Ade, Helen Hoskinson, Maren Chesnutt, Esther Kirkhoff, Marilyn Fifield. The meet is sponsored by WAA,
«,S,Exponent Board Announces New AtConvoln Music Hall Award For Athlete Of The Year
Liaison Officer Speaks On New Administration Wayne Coy,'Liaison officer for the Office of Emergency Management, addressed an audience of approximately 2,600 students yesterday in the Music Hall at the third in a series of "War Convos sponsored by the University and planned as a means of acquainting students with world events and aspects of the war. Following a selection by the University Band, Richard Dibos, chairman of the Student War Council, introduced President E. G. Elliott as a “distinguished person who will introduce our distinguished speaker.” “America At War” In his talk on “America at War,” Coy stated that “A courageous spirit must be combined with’ planes and guns and shells,” emphasizing the spirit displayed by the forces of the United Nations in setbacks at Manila, Singapore, Borneo, Rangoon and Java. Throughout his talk Coy emphasized the necessity of propagating this courageous spirit throughout the nation’s various enterprises. He declai'cd that “The way to win a war is to fight with everything you’ve got—and a little more—until there's no question in anybody’s mind, including the enemy’s, who is superior.” Pointing out the government’s slowness in adapting itself to the new scheme of things. Coy stressed that it should be kept in mind that the governmental machinery which we had was almost as ill-adapted to modern warfare as our civilian industrial plants were ill-adapted to making tanks and guns and planes and ships. Government Overhaul “In the past 20 months, those peace-time procedures have been overhauled,” he said. “The main problem of government, as it must be in the university, or industry, or business organizations, or in trade unions, lies in our general inability to grasp the fact that the enemy is upon us though we cannot sec his fire.” Coy discussed at some length the “Pour Freedoms,” freedom of speech and expression, freedom to woiship, freedom from want, and freedom from fear, stating that the (Continued on page 4) Winter Short Course Ends In Ag Hall At 9:30 Annual eight-week winter agricultural short courses will come to a close this morning with a program in the assembly room of Agricultural Hall at S):3(). Members oJ’ the short course will provide their own entertainment with a glee club, solos, and instrumental sek'ctions. Dr. E. C. Elliott will inosent certificates to the 9.') (lualitied niemhers, and several awards will he given. Prof. O. G. Lloyd will present an award I'oi' the highest student in the General Agriculture division, Plot. IC G. King will prc'senl the Animal Husbandry award, and the Daily Pioduction and Dairy Manuracturers honors will he given liy Prof. H. W. Gregory. Glee Club Entertains Han.'? 11. Hart, tenor soloist, will sing “On tlie Banks of tlie Wabasb,” and Wilbur Wood, baritone, will present “Bells of Ihe Sea.” Ifurlher vocal entertainment will be furnished by a fourteen-man glee ehib, directed by Prof. F. E. Robbins, and consisting entirely of short course men. James Parker will play “Missouri Waltz” on his electric guitar. Closing remarks will be given by Dean V. C. Freeman, associate dean of (he Agriculture school. ' Agonomic Club
Heine Leaves Sevifzky To Appear For War Post With Indianapolis In Washington Symphony Monday
Assistant Prof. Henry W. Heine, director of the university pharmdey extension department, has bdeft appointed Senior Planning Specialist on the War Production Board in Washington, D. C., where be assumed duties last Monday. His (juty as assistant to the Chief of the Medical and Health Supplies Section will be tp help plan a broad program for civilian needs of drugs, medicines, cosmetics, toilet goods,, and hospital and sanitary supplies of all kinds. Ills duties will also include supervising and preparing reports and programs of scarce medical and health supplies for civilian use and working with representatives of public health agencies. Professor Heine has been a member of the faculty of the University’s School of Pharmacy since 1928. Until his recent appointment, he has had charge of the teaching of commercial pharmacy and has been director of the pharmacy extension department. He has been a tnember of numerous committees in the state and national pharmaceutical organizations. The University has given him leave of absence for the duration of bis position in Washington. Five Acre Corn Club Discusses Diseases Found In Hybrid Corn Corn variety demonstrations. Five Acre Corn Club activities, and corn diseases were among the principal topics discussed at the conference of hybrid producers yesterday. Move than 100 Indiana hybrid seed corn producers are attending the meeting which ends today. Dr. Benjamin Koehler, of the Univei'sity of Illinois, spoke on some of the results of his experimental corn breeding work in Illinois yesterday morning. Members of the University staff on the program were K. E. Beeson, M. 0. Pence, 6r. A. J. Ullstiup, and Dr. A. M. Brun-
son.
A round table discussion will be held this evening following an infoimal dinner in the Union. Priorities and supplies, advertising and publicity, federal and state seed laws and the need for hyln id corn improvement will he among the topics uiuler consideral 1011. Bridge Tournament Continues Tomorrow Second games will be played by winning teams in the Union-spon-sored bridge louriiament within the next (wo weeks. Compel it ions will be held ,tomorrow al I ]). in. and a week from tomorrow in room 3l')3
of Hie Union.
If any person I.s unalile lo play, siibsl it iitions may be secured. Substitiitioii.s should be reportc'd to the lonniament direclor. Bolli niembors of a team will be dis(|ualified if I hey fail (o play. North-Soiith winners are: Steins and Wentworth, Dunn and Wa.sson, IVIoellei and Pashley, Gardner and Sells, Gillette and Laddon, Soiithmayd and Melzer, Slumei and Worslcy, Pelsor and Kintner. EastWest winners aie: Anderson and Evans, Roth and Evans, Zimmerman and Coombs, Kirsch and Johnson, Moran and Nielson, Ridoux and Besnard, Ilanilier and Reade, Rum-
ble and Drake.
. . . will hold a dinner meeting tonight at 6:30 in the Home Economies Building. All members of
the ;farm Management department, R. E. Chester
Agriculture Economics Extension staff' and their wives, and secretaries of the depai imenfc are urged to attend. Tickets for the dinner are seventy-five cents and may be secured from the committee in charge which includes Dr. A. P. Henderson, J. Fi. Honan, and Margaret
Slater,
. . . graduate of Electrical Engineering, January ’42, is now employed by the Curtiss-Wright Corporation in Columbus, Ohio. The engineering staff there is now working (1.3 hours iier week to “Keep ’Em Flying,” and uLso has a Purdue
club.
Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Dr. Fabein Sevitzky. Will appear in the Music Hall Monday night at 7:30 to present the next in the regular University sponsored convocations. Passports will admit students, and single admissions will be available at the Cashier’s office for Ifil.lO. There will he no advance sale of tickets. At 2:30 p. m. the orchestra will play a special program for the children of Tippecanoe county. This concert is sponsored by the Lafayette Unit of the Women’s Committee of the Indiana State Symphony Society. Tickets for the afternoon performance, priced at 28 cents for children and 56 cents for adults, may be obtained at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Loeb’s and at the
door.
Young Group The Indiaiiapoli.s orchestra i.s the youngest of the sixteen major symphonic groups in the country. Its career began four years ago when Dr. Sevitzky took the baton as permanent conductor at the opening of the concert season in November, 1937. Almost all of the musicians are under thirty-five years of age, and many of them are in their early twenties. Now in its fifth season the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra has broadcast over all three of the major networks and has made RCAVictor Red Seal records. This year the orchestra will appear in nine Indiana cities besides Indianapolis and fifteen cities outside of Indiana. 200 Attend Annual Short Course Banquet In Union; Students Receive Aviards Approximately 200 winter short course students in agriculture attended the annual short course banquet last night in the north ballroom of the Union. Highlights of the program included a talk by Prof. W. 0. Mills, field representative of the School of Agriculture, and presentation of awards to winners' of four contests. , Prof. Mills di.scussed three W’s— willingness, working, and winning —and the application of these three fundamentals to the students upon the completion of their short course at the University. Contest awarc;.s were made a.s follows: In animal husbandry, a cup was presented to R. L, Overpeck, of RockviHe; J. C. Ayle.sworth, of Hebron, placed second. In general agriculture, a cup was awarded to Gerald A. Morgan, of Perrysvillc. In dairy production, a gold key was won by R. D. Blue, of Now Richmond, with J. W. Thomas, of Indianapolis, placing second. In dairy manufactures, R. C. McCoy, of O.sgood, won a gold key. Robert C. Cashdollar, of Henry County, and Melvin F. Craves, of Toledo, Ohio, woi’e tied for .second place. Cortilicates were presented lo students for iiarticipation in the athletic program, and for memhev.ship in the short course orchestra and gli'c cluh. Dorsey Mixer Ticket Sales To Begin Today First sale of tickets for the T. Dorsey mixer to bo held March 28, will go on sale this afternoon at 2 at the desk by the Sweetshop in the basement of the Union. This dance is the sequel to the eonvo being sponsored by the Student War Council on that .same evening featuring Dorsey and his band. Contrary to many rumors, Defense .stamps will not have to be shown to gain admittance to the dance, but will have to be shown at the Convo. Since a 'largo attendance is expected at the dance, all students are urged to buy their mixer tickets early to avoid the rush. The dance will begin at 9:30.
Nomination Of Students Basis For Final Selecthn Of Winner
By Phil Johnson, Exponent Sports Editor
YestereJay afternoon the senior Exponent board annaunced the establishment of a pair of awards to be awarded annually to the Purdue “Athlete of the Year,” and to the runner-up contender. The awards will be given by the Exponent^ but wiU be chosen by a combination student, faculty, athletic staff board which will act on the nominations of the student body. — The awards will be announced
each spring, and formally pre-
Gold r6PD6rS, Mortsr winners at the
“P” Men’s banquet during
Board Sponsor Dance Restrictions as tp sports of
to class standing will have no
NfiXt FridBY In Union influence m making the
' awards. It is the hope of the
Gold Peppers and Mortar Board, Exponent to give suitable honworaen’s honoraries, will sponsor a oi’S as representatives Of the cabaret dance in both ballrooms of student body to the two athletes the Union on Friday, March 20, who most ably and honorably rep.
from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. Bud Rod
resent Purdue in the field of ath-
crick and his orchesti’a, from the
University of Illinois, will present Nominations for the awards will “Music Styled For You” at this last made by the student body to the coed bid dance of the semester. '
Ballot
I hereby nominate
During the course of the evening, the Gold Popper new pledges will be announced. These girls are chosen for their personality, scholarship and leadership in activities. Immediately following the announcements, there will be a reception for the new pledges, the actives and the/faculty-activity advisors in the Old Chestnut room.
Draft Dance Last Year
Last year’^ dance was a Draft Dance with invitations in the form of draft questionnaires. The “draftees” were required to give a complete history of their love-life, including the names of their past and present pin-women. They were also required to report for duty on that
particular evening. This year’s Streamlining its staff organiza. dance will have nothing as drastic tion to cope with war uncertainties,
n as the outstanding University athlete of the present school year. Exponent not later than March 21. All names presented will b% given careful consideration, and the nuip(See ATHLETE OF YEAR, page4> Exponent Staff Goes On Semester Basis For Duration Of War
or revealing but as usual gives the coed the chance to pick her own
“Romeo.”
The present Gold Peppers in
the Exponent Board yesterday voted to put the entire personnel of the daily on a semester-by-se-mester basis, abandoning the fuU
charge of the dance include Vir- year term for elected officers.
ginia Schaupp, general chairman; Barbara 'Follows in charge of deco-
rations; Ruth Rose, publicity; Mary elected for
For the first time, in the last Sfiv. oral decades, all officers will' hfe
Ann Moore, invitations; and June Close in charge of the reception. Tickets for this informal dance may be purchased from the representatives in the various sororities, halls and the independent houses. Tickets will also be placed on sale in the Union next week. Tables in the ballroom will not be roseiwed.
Estey To Speak Prof. J. A. Estey, head of history, eeonomies and government department, will speak at the last in the current War Convocation series Friday, March 20, at 4 p.m. ill Eliza Fowler Hall, instead of (Ids afternoon as previously announced.
one semester terins.
Members of the Board stated definitely, however, that the same person might seiwe in the same or different capacity for the full yeat at the discretion of the Board. The action was taken to permit those who cannot attend the summer term to petition for jobs upon their return to school in the Pall, and to afford a wider and mow equitable means by which to select
the paper’s officer's.
Members of the Board said that if a person were eliminated in the first semester election, he or she could still be considered the semester following, and that at the end of each semester the staff meUahetS would be retained, shifted, off dropped at the discretion of tha
Board.
College Students Believe Axis Defeat Only Prohahld
By Sam Holmes Jr., Associate Editor Student Opinion Surveys of America AUSTIN, Tex., March 12.---While a plurality of college students believes (hat there is a possibility of tlie United Nations losing the war (o the Axis, the latest Student Opinion Siiiveys of America poll shows that almost as many believe the Axis will “probably” lie defeated, and nearly as many think the Allies definitely jWill win. “Which one of these slalemonts comes closest to expressing your attitude about the present war'?” a nation-wide cioss section of college students was asked in a poll taken cooperatively by college edilors from Maine to California. A panel of four answers was thou pie.sented to the interviewees. The statements, along with the answers in percentages, follow: The United Nations are doing all they can, and they will eventually defeat the Axis 26% The United Nations are doing as well as could be expected, and they will probably defeat the A.xis 32
The United Nations are not do^ ing as well as was expected, and there is a chance they might lose the war 39 The Axis powers are doing so well it looks as if the United Nalions might lose ...2 Undecided . . ..... 1 Almost fourteen months ago^ ' nearly a year before the United States entered the war, a Student, Opinion Surveys of America poU showed that 88 per cent bf the college students believed that Britain would win the war. But now, with the recent Japanese successes in tile Dutch East Indies against the Allies, more students seem to think there is some chance of a final Ax& victory. 4 It should be noted that a tdthltff 58 per cent of the students viewed thinks that the United I tions “will probably" or will nitely defeat the Axis, while oh|f 39 per cent believe “there is it chance” that the Axis may win> 2 per cent seem to think conditions point to an Axis
mi-fir'''-
F06y, March 13,^1^
^ JPe (glamorize Sjacrificelf
tlie Afttferlcftn public in general kind the college student in particular are ready Ifco Contribute considerable effort to defeat the iAxis—oh one condition. The sacrifice must be grlamorbus. thCTiatiOhal front, the campaign to coll(^Md aluminum to ‘‘build bohibers that soon will be over Germany avenging Coventry” inet the glamor test and found great response, especially^ slrite it was not overly emphasised tk&t a’ liiorfe lilthly role of the‘discarded Utensils in war would be as the metal in army cooh-pots, sihce only virgin aluihinum is used fbr'‘pfelnes and the scrap collected was to be used to free tke new metal for aircraft construction. Less glamorous old paper collection hhx received far less response from the public. , Similarly, on the campus, “sacrifice” in the form of attending code classes has proved AiOrb popular than “sacrifice” in the form of attending regular classes, a “sacrifice” which is probably the best single means at the disposal of the student to aid in the mobilization Of American industry for the total war effort. Individual buying of defense stamps is another means of war aid that seemingly has failed jthe ,“glamor test,” and hence has proved unpopular with the students. “Glamorizing” sacrifice has its place in war; sihce the days of the Egyptians the same techniques have been used effectively to glorify the deeds of the soldier and the sacrificing citizenry in order to further war efforts. The value of a single good patriotic song is inesti-
lidME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
^iailnq. JhsL Gxxa.
Nnnaa-
^AXOi-
-3WOM
For the pa.st weeks we have been scanning the comics and censored news to find what has happened to the anti-benevolent Benito. That g'Uy has disappeared faster than A1 Capone and has just as many people planning a ride for him. The last report on the soldier with all the medals (he gave him.self) Was the rumor that his own guards were taking pot-shots at him—no wonder the Italian army'has the aim of a Chicago basketball team—Mussolini might as well statt picking k.is undertaker if hjs people ever find out what the sights on a gun-are-for. .... —u— Whgn Mussolini’s “blackshirt” movement was just it piece of soot on the boot-shaped peninsula, the head effieials of that country were worrying about the communist revolts in their streets. It was like a roulette.game—you put all your power on the red and the’black will come up every time. This “Caesar of the Thirties” got his first backing
mflble, and fhe ability biS Carole Ldhibbli'd tb sell'tWo tnlilibfi dollai^s Worth of defeff&e'i^bnds' in'ayhgle day ih poiht.'‘-‘' ‘ But, unfortunately, not all sacrifices can be glamorized. The present form of warfare, which brings the front directly to the home and the factory, calls for genuine, self-deny-ing; painful effort' oh the part bf , everyone. Rubber, for example, has become a national trust; the right of any individual to ^aste it is gone. But rubber and gasoline eoriservation by’the iriost effective and iftimediately applicable method, reducing automobile speed, has not been popularly adopted. There is, it seems, nothing glamorous abodt 40'mile an hour.' As a result Of tbe'aVferage driver’s failure to reduce his speed voluntarily, we are likely to have stringent laws passed, arbitrarily limiting speed. ' Similarly, if students fail to attend classes with reasonable regularity we rhay expect compulsory attOhdahOo, atid if ertough bbtids are not bought by private citizen^ we may find obligatory payroll deduction for bond purchase adopted. In the nation, in the state and on the campue we fortunately still have the chance to make necessary sacrifices voluntarily. Failure to take advantage of that opportunity can mean but one thing—more compulsory sacrifice. Compulsion is not the Ahlericah way we like to think of; if we must depdYt from this traditional way of life this once We may find it difficult to return after the war is over, j.h.a. ' from the college student.'?. It would be harder to explain how ho got the universities behind him than it is going to be to explain to the folks ho\v:\Ve got that yellow-slip in math. Unless this insult‘to-the-shain-poo-eompanies was the Tommy Harmon of his day, he must have had a popular platform, sUch as— “longer coed hours” or “abolition of wlne-Colas.” In 19.35 Mr. M. thought he would prove to the World hl.s superior strength by waging “total war” on that vastly rich (in old skulls of missionaries), modernly -equipped (with the streamlined speai'heads), and well organized (with a secret drum-beat code) nation Of Abyssinia. It took them over a year to niake the suntanned boys bow down and say “Benito” instead of “Allah”—but before they could' make the Witch-doc-tors (not to be confused with any local praetioncr) take out a government issued license. Last year the Fascist Phony after wiping off the sword he put in France’s back, jumped on the country of Greece and after his men broke all of Glen Cunningham’s records by running the Wrong way— a Mr. Hitler stepped in and took over Greece—and Italy. .“So if Benito ever stick.s his scent organ out on one of the Viae of Rome, he may have as many holes in him as a ci'ibbage score board, r.t.e.
■a 'A, hidiiy, 13
8:00 A.M.—Hybrid Sefed Producers’ Gbftferefiee ,;.i : South B&limm, Unioh liSO P.M.—-Hybrid Seed Producers’ Conference 26lirHnion 4:30 P,M.---Cosm6politan Chib Rootn 304, Union 6:30 P.M.—American Society ilechahlcal Engineers---E)inner ' ’ ' ' E, Paculty LOUhge, ■ /' '■; Union ';' 7:80 P,M.-“IfttCrfrftternity fellowship .... .....kbom aOl', tlUion 8:30 P.M.—Scabbard and Blade HfeTfCc fjorth BallroOihj tJniOh
Merry-Go-Round (Continued from page 1) cant studies of the aluminum situation which show that although we ate building neW aluminum plants ah over the country to break Alcoa’s monopoly, we are not breaking the monopoly on aluminum ore—which comes from Dutch Guiana. In Other words, these new plants, with .one possible exception, ai-e all dependent 6n high grade ore which has to be imported fiom a foreign country, instead of taking advantage of the millions of tons of low grade aluminum clay right here in the United States. And with submarine attacks increasing in the Caribbean, we may find ourselves faced with another, aluminum shortage—chiefly because in setting up new aluminum plants, we followed the mo-nopoly ideas of the Aluminum Corporation of America. Here are the inside.facts in this higlily important situation. The Aluminum Corporation for many years has imported its ore from Dutch Guiana, unloaded it at New Orleans, where it was cracked, then shipped it to its separate plants at Messina, N. Y., j^icah, 'Tenn., St. Louis and OreAt these plants it was made iitl^ alumina. Then it was shipped ail the way across the United States to Pittsburgh to be rolled, the» toll over the U. S. A. again
in finished form to the airplane factories—many of them oh the West Coast. Thus transportation alone obviously has been an important reason aluminum sells for 19c a pound. • Andy Mellon Interviewed Alcoa for many year.s has smelted its ore witl» caustic soda, according to the Bayer process. This requires high grade ore, and that’s why its ore has been imported all the way from Dutch Guiana. ' However, Germany, Prance and Russia use a lime soda process, and therefore have been able to use the low grade ores which abound in their Countries — and also in the United States. Alcoa, however, never has been Willing to adopt this lime soda process. In fact Alcoa has gone to strange and unusUal lengths to prevent the use of the time Soda prdce.ss by-other American firms. For instance, the Detroit Edison Company in 1929 started making aluminum merely from the smoke and ash which went up its chimneys—and by u.sing tjje lime soda process. The work Wa.s carried out under the well-known scientist Dr. Robert James, and Lureau of Mines officials pronounced it highly successful. ’ But suddenly the Detroit Edison Company stopped.^ At the time no one ktiew why. The only explaUation given by
Dr. James to his friends Was* “Mr. Mellon didn’t want us to.” However, it is now authoritatively reported that at that time the Detroit Edison Company desired to do some refinancing, and found it would have to pay about 6 per cent for its money. But when it di’opped its lime soda smelting of aluminum, Detroit Edison suddenly WaS able to refinance for a mueh lower interest rate. (Copyright, 1942, by United Peatlife Syndicate, Inc.)
Pkceiiient For Women Summer session jobs — Applicants interested in waitress Work at Lake Lawn Hotel, Delavan, Wisconsin, or at the Spink-Wawasee Hotel, Lake Wawasee, Indiana, should call or come in the Placement Service within the next week. Women students interested in positions as cooks or counselors, ■should get in touch with Placement
Service iriimediately.
Lieut. Andrus ... Jr., ’35-’86, will receive his “Wings” at Ellington Field, Texas, on Monday, March 16. Upon his gi'aduatioh, he will hhve eontplefed thirty Weeks of primary, basic dnd aiivancod training and will be qualified as an instructor of other aviation cadets or as a fighting' pilot of the tl. S. A. Army Cdmbat Fofee.
On Here?
By Bud Eberts With half of the Semester gone and spring weather dropping around every ortce in awhilej the socidl life of- the “U* pi-omises to become, more prominent. All we need is about five thousand more coeds and everyone eould get a date to Tommy Dorsey. We met a gal the other day who didn’t have a date for the 28th^—so We politely showed her where the aliens go to
register. WGOttf
Tonight the North ballroom will be filled with the future generals —Scabbard and Blade Members to you-^and their guests. Bids for this dance are few and far between as this pledge dance is one of the most closed dances of the year, li’v Given will play for the imiformed men and their dates, who will witness something hew in beauty and Originality of cadet dances! The girls Will not wear corsages and the dance will not extend past il:30— the Senate and AWS have spoken.
WGOiH?
Triangle, Alpha Gamiiia Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi fi’aternities have scheduled their annual TAP dance for this Saturday night. Each house will have a formal dinner picceding the affair. Not only have these three groups rented the south ballroom for the dancing, but they have hired Dick Cisne^who has played for nearly all of the annual Gold Digger’s dances in the past—
to play. WGOH?
Duncan Hall will be filled with members of the Theta Tatt men and their dates tomorrow night for their annual formal dance.
WGgH?
Union has taken upon itself two dances for Saturday. In the afternoon a tea dance will honor St. Patricks’ Day and at night the ^ballroom will be cleared for the weekly mixer. The tea dance is free and defense stamps may be purchased at the door; the miXer will carry the Usual butk-ten admission price and 8:30 to 11:30 hours.
WGGH?
Lest we forget^T. Dorsey is here in two weeks!‘It only takes a phone call to get a dance for this occasion—that is if you don’t care if your date IbpKs like She’s just been through; Hell Week.
Todtiy On WlAH
Annual Election today Virginia C. Moi'odith Club, home economics organization, will hold its annual election of officers today in the Home Economics Building. Members of the eluh may vote from 8 a. m. to 4:.30 p. m. Nominations are as follows; pi'osidont, Mabel Vaughan and Sally Beall; treasurer, Martha McCuI--loch and Betty Shively; secretary, Martha Riggs and Ami Busby; senior representative, Betty. Brown, Doris, Bower, Dorothy Arvidson and .Jane Blank; junior representative, Libby Baughman, Joan Bdckner and Betty Young; sophomore representativo, Suzanne Killinger find Doris Sleeter.
ERlDAV 9:66 News. 10:10 The Curio Man 10:16 Morning Melodies 10:30 WBAA Presents 10:46 ’theatre of Song10:66 News 11:00 “World History Since 1914” With Prof. Frank iiall 11:60 Purdue News 11:65 News 12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:30 Meet the Band 12:55 News 1:00 Souvenirs 1:30 Better Vision 1:46 Markets 1:66 News 2:00 Story a Day 2:16 TfeaSury Star Parade - 2!30 Moods in Music—Mrs. C. W. HemmCr 2:55 News 3:00 Special Musical Series West Lafayette High School 3:30 Marjorie Williamson—singer 3:46 Music 3:66 News 4:00 Tea Time Tunes y 4:30 Mr, A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations 4:46 The Curio Mgn . 4:55 News 6:00 Campus Roundtable — Big Ten Gisciussion Group , 5:30 Vespers ; 5:45 Little Miss Muffett 6:56 News ; 6:00 Dinner Hour 6:.30 Spol'ts Review witb P. R. Y. 6:45 Next Week at Pitrdue 6:56 News 7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7:30 Alberta Schmadel—singer 7:45 Music 7:65 News 3:0O P.I.A. Forum 8:30 Russ Graefnitz-r-pianist 8:45 Eventide Echoes 9:00 Musicana 9:55 News 10:05 Off the Air
EttlENfiLY SERVICE | Bonded = Gas and Oil = T. & R. OIL CO , lue* I
I Hays Jewelry Co. | 131 North Fourth St. ^ Fine lewelry at Moderate Price > t4-»> 14 ♦ 4 ♦ 4-4 ♦ ♦ ft
G^t.' HenheTh E, Kline, of the iliiiVersity Ptiblic Safety Institute, will be one of the featured speakejrs at a series of training schools fpi:*, aukilidty policemen uhder the diTebtidh of the Indiana StSte defense Council and will speak at the initial seheoi Ppening whifeh will be held in Indianapolis, March 16, Capt. Kline ■ will discuss “Records arid .Reports foi; Auxiliary Policemen in Tiriie of Emergency.” , This school is for instructors who will : conduct the training of auxiliary pdlieeriien. Speakers at each School .will be frrim thC Indiana State Police Department, FBI, and a Special ofticer. Schools are scheduled for Muncie, March 18; Terre Haute, March 23; Bedford, March 124| 'EVarisville, March 25; Ft. .Wariia, March 30; Laporte, March 30; ,and LogrinSport, April 1. On March 17, Capt. Kline will address a group of industrial protection directors at Evansville oh “The Four Enemies of Production.”. During the past week Kline spoke before the Kiwanls Cliibs at' Ft. Wayne arid Huntington on various phases of plant production. .
On W3AA progcaiti Ri Three campus musiciaris WlU ihe
heard an Albert P, StfeWfe#fe’s;^|7 ,ly musical program 'dver t WBAiiV;
this afternoon at 4:30. ,.. ; Mollie Harding, contralto, Dri^id Hatnlitdn, marimhist, and;; 'D^V|d Simpsbn, piano aCcOmpaftirit; appear on the pfograrii. . yi-i Prof, Venemann " '*' „ Li'. . ... of the School of MechaHibal ! Engineering attended the celebpri^ tion of the 26th anniversary of'the
Chicago section of the Amerjc’Ari;
Society of Refrigerating Engineers last night. A. charter member' that .section, Prof. Vertefrianft' at--tended a discussion of pl'obletrisyln commercial frozen foods locker
plants. ■■ ■ ■ '." '.‘ v i
Everything for ii T^dubttiidh DEAC’S-
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
HURRY! HURRY! Last 2 bays!
WOMAN OP THE YEAR % TODAY THRU SAT. 'ttlMViSIUi
LUHA today - ^AT. 2 HITS
TODAY — TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE 44 f '■ •
Uncle Sam Fights a' New! Menace as Enemy Agent? Sttike Ptom Within! ' ' : • CRIMINALS WITHIN with —, ERIC LINDEN ANN DORAN
PLUS
The Newest, P r b‘ ri t.j Page! Bombshell! Laughs Coirie Fa?t .and Thrills Come Faster! NINE LIVES ARE NOT ENOUGH . with RONALD REA6(4N • jOAN PERftY%
— COMINiOj^^' ^SWAMP
llIZABtTH BlRSNER RANDOLPH scon ^ ^ BASIL RHlIBdllE CALE SONDERGAARO Pj STARTS TOMORROW
NOTHING EVER LIKE IT!
TODAY THRU SAT. DENNIS PETER O'Keefe lorre ■ in '■ 'Mir. District Attorney' —- and — TOM KEENE —i iri — "Ridin' Sunset Trair — Also — SERIAL — Latest news
spring Opening SUNDAY, MARCH 15 Starring HILL BEWSOIV anti liis orriir.stra Adni. iiu'ludcs diuiciiiK all evi'. Ladies .'{Oc, Men (i()('Faxes paid New lifilUs, diM-oialioiis. Vicilaiil police prolcclioii lor your (-ar. WANCIIVG HVKKY SUIVIIAY Al'I'K
IN TECHNICOLOR
lAMES CAGNEY
'— with — 'is Moi-o-'n Brenda M?rsh'a,!il
(Pn/tdujL £3(pomiiL All-American 1940-'4l
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in scctibri 1103. riCt of October 3, 3917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular aCadetiiie yeat Yttid Weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
RdItor-fn-Chlef.. JVeWs Editur riportr Editor
...Ned A. Ochiltree BuBitiesii Manager ..John L. 'rraugott Managing Editor.... ..........Phil Johnson Coed Editor...,
Don S. Pdwera ....Lelahd W, Kufntr BuUt Roae
Publication Staff Aeeoeiate Editors Editorial Staff: J. P. Amoe, J. H. Annetrong, D. T. Brophy. ^ li. L. Hadley, F. !. Jottea, E. (}. Kieper. Sports Staff: 0. T. Clark, J. D. FraBcr, J, S. Keeler. Coed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice ChatSeid, Jane Stamadell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Slees: OfflcO Manager* Lee BOBBong. >. ■ ' : i. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. K. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Aceoitnts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Represented for natienal advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Hfepreseutatlves, 420
Madisuii Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For Thiir Issue Isfiuv Gditor: ThumpBoii KepyrUrt*; Stoiihcru, Pontainc, Ueall, Wickanl, Ahrens, .PickuHnu, HoskinH, Kufert. UichanlBoh, Tyson, Chrlsmun, VctSportb Editor: Dawiiuti iniJiaii, jUluckbUrn, Shrytr.
Editor :'^8t4irr Editor: L«u«r
iCtt
Is yo*""
Sp
Ready for WEAR?
SANITONE SERVICE includes . Thdrough cleaning V j
. Perfect presgihg ^
. Minor repairs
. Biiitonh tightened
. Prompt service
DIAL 7278
132 Northwestern Ave.
/BECRlllTS-—Alan Hale, George 'Tobias and James Cagney, ai; bush Hk' lots from Canada’s North WUods, arrive at the air field to join th« Canadian Air Force iff “Captains of the Clouds,” new Technicolor llliiA starting Saturday at the Mars,
'Y.!:!;
Ai
ii I
►
,„ v; feoasllttg.a du^ m^et record of five victories against fwd de^ the ftiveier swJftittiers compete this weekend in the anh&l Western Conference meet at 'Michigan. Despite Its eaHy ie^s?)n losses of sevferal players due to ineligibility they should
liifher this yfeiU’ than they f liihft ktatSier hae ttit’iied
;l^^||e'b^8t .perfdi^ahee 6f his^
fMcentiyi both' ifl |>»’actice and in Caurt i ^
f««l«1fi;|heteain>s last meet ?[?g rni ST
::^^i|ihi^iM6rth’'veaterm he-set a new -
i Viijmltif:’6S*6 seconds for
■tMii'htin^fe^. Ssphomore Vernon
though in iji atid out perthi'OUgjiout the season, does
ji^f f thd-ktdff' to heOeihe ohe of the ;|||flt^tidlht ewimmefs in the cort:|^i^edi;,^hoald he sop a high plaee id'JhO 44&> the Boilermaker chances
; ^ilf 5ifeh#; i^hhamedi • V coUts^' thedependable Joe
Jl^iihiaiviibiit 'tan be cbUhted bn for
Gste^
Court i2 — ' 7!00 Siglilfe Phi fipailbft VS Atphh ^'dU
Otuegd
7:16 K&niiii Oeltii hho vs Chi Kdpta Psl
SdSsr
CbOrl 8.'
7:00 Ward 32 vs Ward 38 •
Emerebn
.'sauASH
The' tollowihg SqUUsh ihatohfes dre td be
played oit Friday:
geek.vd Tqube
fllathis. vs. Febrlng Burnhdni vs Hess
BAb»4ii>rrbi<
The following fraternities rfiilst retort fdr BadMidton at 4 o’clock, Friday, March 13,
Ih 'hiS SpMajty the breast ImbTThT ftatefSityl'ert fSfil aops
Joe Will have to ]
o-n VinWovav not: Shd^ , hfi ,.will W tohSiderOd & hot Jh S® nowevei tounrdmont, with lOss of fiamciiiatl&n
to’beat Michigan’s gteat breast- •’‘’im-?-,;;, v,.. *, t. ^ » i., cik- ^ Laihbda Chi Alfiha, Tail EtiSlIon Phij SIgattOker, Skinner, -Riveter divers, iha pi, Kapt>d Sigiha, Acacia. Bi Kappa
;f^toi:#uer and Johnny JeuugSt
haye better than outside chances to Siffwa KaWiti,. Thcitd Cm, Dfeita Tfiu Ocita, ill this event Kapfia Delta hho, friaiigloi , Theta TaUv ,
^M^ah' 'rrembleS
^.•f4<£Jartwttpi« t •
Wilib Nandfes The Nurtibieri
' 'Sitting^ in the press -box for all home fG6tbalh®fei&iaskfejth&ll games is a man Who keeps so blisy he seldom 8eeSl'vefy^tnutmbi'the'Httion-going on. But yet, When the game is over. With thb’help Of bih yoUhg eott^tftllie year oi'd kred Jr,, this man can probably tell you mbrimbout what happened thab most Of the spectators pfesent. He kuoWS What p^ the nioSt gi’OUnd, who carried the ball the mbsti-«fld;Whoj5Bem’ed the points, He’s the official statistician—Fred Willlsv baeteriulbgist in the Student Health Service. B' . . Pted has been keeping a careful record of Purdue games for a number of years, and his information has been used to advantage.ttiany; times by coaches as well as proving interesting'to;fans.;'Poi': instance,/be. can tell what plays are getting the most yardage, What .pl&yei«care,the:4WOBt
efficientt and many other valuable details.
>’ Sbmd IBiiskefbafi Data
'^'Efe the'first tiine jn many years
M|^fiigah’s; mighty Wolverines, pe- 0" other hand the Michigan l-ejihlal champs, may suffer their team has slipped from thefr former ddilyHfall. Ohio State haS built up Pinnacle of success. In their dual their Strongest tank Sguad in ycars.i *«oet with the Yale BUlJdogS thcy Bolstered by several Sophomores, 'wol'e defeated by fe margin'of bettor #ey hgve turned in some excellent than twenty points. This wasHhe , —— — first time in several yeai’s the Mich-
r' .figan team had failed to beat the Percentages Lower This Year
■ ADyERlTlSlgRS Bulldogs. . - . ®
Pretl only keeps the records for home games. While glancing, through the records fOr the past year we sea that Sprowl hit 72 of 244 shots for a percentage of 29.5. Blanken hit 48 of 176 for a percentage of 27.3, Menke 32 of 116 for one tenth of a point less, and Tierhey 24 of lOO shots
for an even 24 per cent. >
■ When vSprowrand Blanken were sophomores, Sprowl hit'3G.'8 per cent of Ins shots at home games as compared to Blanken’s GG.5. 'f hen in last year’s home games, Sprowl hit an even 28 per cent and Blahken 23.4..
WE APPRKIATE YOUR RUSINESS WHETIfiR IT
OR little
n0^y
S' ■ ;■ ' li|qjfi4£’4k
YOU Ri A1WAV$ WElCdME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
In general, the percentages of ihots for this year’s games was beloW past seasotis. The highest game was against Texas A. and M., in which the Boilermakers hit 37.1 per cent. Ill this game, while beating Texas
Aggies 56-31, Sprowl hit 7 of 15 attempts for a 46.6 percentage.
These figures could go on and on—as they cover rebounds, free throws,
bad passes, and a wide variety of other material. ''
Wresflers Out For First- Crown
Coach Claude Reeck and his once beaten wrestling team are in Chicago today and tomorrow to seek their first Big Ten mat title. The Boilermaker Wrestlers have been labeled the team to beat in the toUrney, but face serious competition from Illinois, the only team to haVe defeated them. Captain Casey Fredericks and the squad have been priming for the meet far weeks, and really have high hopes of annexing the championkbip. A lot Can happen in the two days, but if they get a decent draW, and have a couple of breaks they should bi’ing home the crown. ► Win Or Lose—-The Best Team In History However, win, lose, or draw, it’s been the fine^ wrestling team in Boilermaker annals. It’s a team built on hard work and confidence in their Coach. If any team deserved a championship—^that is it.
The t^ciciks ypu-ye tef af the begt authors—
All the old fayorites.
Are to be found in the BROWSING ROOM
Use that spare moment to read that book you^ve always wanted to read*
The Corner of the Campus—— Yet the Center of Activities
Ehtire Riveier Te^m Leave : A-' ^ -j , for fiwt/er fj^hys Xorfiorrow As one of the main highlights of their thus far mediocre ihdoOT seastin, some twenty five members of the Riveter track squad will head for'indlaiiapoiis tomorrow morning at 11:00 where they will match Strides With nearly 250 Of the greatest athletes in the country in the ahniial running of the colorful Butler Relays. Coach Rhilllps Will be especially anxious for a good Boilermaker showing since it was he- who originated the “’Relays ten years ago ddring his Stay at the Bulldog institution. Representing the Riveters in the dashes Will be Keim, Banker, Dodge and Gaulke. So far this season, Keim has turned in times in the 60 yard dash which rank his as one of the finest sprinters in the Conference. Conant, Kroh In Hurdles Conant and Kron have both been entered in the hurdles. It will be remembered that both of these timber toppers were very instrumental in the Riveters’ impressive conquest of Indiana earlier in the season.' However, with such great hurdlei’s as Wright of Ohio State and Olson of Illinois to compete against Saturday, either of the Riveter entries Would be doing Well to place in the first five, . McEacherin will be the lone Boilermaker entry iii the high jump. In the pole vault Edwards and Grim Will carry the Riveter colors. Brbbably the chief point getter for the Riveters will be their fine mile relay team. Last week in the Conference meet this same team' took third place behind Michigan and Ohio State in the one of the most thrilling races of the entire event. Both the Wolverines and the Buckeyes will be entered in the Relays Saturday, so the Bqilermakers team will be out for blood in an effort to get revenge for their defeat last week. Coach Phillips has indicated that he may enter teams in the two and four mile relays also. However there will be much switching around of runneks and the teams will not be determined until sometime Saturday. The mile relay team will be the same as before with Archer leading off, followed by Banker, Arnold and Anthony in that order.
ion On Roai Wrestlers Will Seek First Confer(i{|’ Title In Chicago Meet Starting Today.. striving to win their first Big Ten Chi^ pionship the Boilermaker grapplers de#t^^ for Chicago last night where the opepi;^ bouts will take plaee today. The meet #61#^ ses to be a three-Way tossup between thAil^'eterSj Minnesota—champions, of last seaSoA-^ and Illinois, who are as yet undefeated ill cpitt*petition this year. • 5 ; Of these three, the Illini have thus far jbd^h rated as favorites by virtue of their iiin§ ord. The Oophers’ chances were given a when their star heavyweight broke a fdotcirtcently. All the members of the BoiieTihald^r squad Will be in top condition for the bqiftS^ True Champions Winners in the individual events of the Western Conference are true champions, l^pt only do they face the toughest kind of c6hi|ifetition, but they must wrestle at least thT^ld bouts in one of the most grueling grinds Th sportsdom. Five Riveter grapplers remaifi ufti defeated as their season nears its climax. Captain Casey Fredericks expects to close his CUrees in a bla^e of glory and chalk up hiS second undefeated season. Others yet unbea#h are Mickey MacDonald, 121 poUndery \^)t> Britt who wrestles in the 145 pound Jim Paratore at 155, and heavyweight l^i^il Ruggieri. . , Afeide from Fredericks, MacDonald hAs been the team’s most consistent eohtrihutOt of outstanding performances this selsufei. Hailing from Oklahoma, the national hot bed of wrestling, Mickey brought the Squad its much needed balance that has been ofte bf the chief faiptors in their success. Sports fanS cafi add his name to their list of little giants. Hoosiers Not So Tough , - Other conference teams outside of/tfil aforementioned three are given only a sCaht chance of finishing near the top. In fonhei* years Indiana was a consistent winner M tM Big Ten event. Their coach, Billy Thotti, isMpj of the nation’s better light-heavywei^i grapplers. . ' Leading the slightly favored Illinois'sqRitd will be their powerful captain, SeabrUok, turned in such a sterling performance iii t)^ Boilermaker Fieldhouse last mbrithv JiUi''G]M=lesc—175 pounder grappling for Michig^it/,^ Wolverines—is one of last year’s title holders returning to defend his crown. Joliii erts-—Wisconsin—at 165 pounds, and MiMMh and Julius, loWa’s 145 and 128 pounders,: cd#* plete the list of title defenders.
itt&w white is right!
From sleepirig through class to dating a blonde, an Arrqw white shirt is correct for every occasion. Arri»v Hitt; a fine lustrous broadcloth with nonwilt, starchlcss Aroset collar. Arrow Hull; long-pointed collar and that new low slope make Hull a honey for comfort! Arrow Gordon; oxford cloth and hullon-down collar make Gordon eVerj^one’s favorite. 4itoii) Su.<!sex; low, wide, and handsome — in fancy patterns, too. All are Mitoga tailored and Sanforized labeled (flibyic shrinkage less than 1%). Begin your colleeiion of Arrow whites today!
Gel Your Style Right Sliirls — ARROW SHIRTS
nt
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
416 MAIN
PHILIIS-ANN MIRACLE!
Ij a collar for every neckline in the versatile . , .
3a DICKEY SET
Triple timesavers — three detachable collars on one dickey! Spic ’n’ spicy smart set to sugar-coat your wardrobe. Snap one off, whisk another on, and you’re off again-—fresh and poised. Ingeniously versatile for work or play. And it lUunders like a dream! In White Sharkskin, or White, Pink, Blue and Maize Pique.
In Pistol#am Mlill
Last week the ^’eshhiatl
cam wot) over Iowa • State,
lioina atul Ohio State, to Te.xas A. and M. Thfe team has won eight odt
matches, against . Yale, . State, St. Bona venture, Corh^J San Jose State College, Iowa Sta|^'^ Texas, A. and M. and Ohio Siaifc)/,) J. F. Dodds, Sc. ’43; has, I
highest with a score of
other team membersrplaciag'jit^lK/ P. Graebner, J. S. ' Raber, W. G. Yoder, T. T. Maktetife
and H. H. Wakeland,
men On the' freshaiah teuti8:.s*^“
E. Bunker, J. D. Griste, W,
zi and IX B. Likwisay.' ' - '' '
My
mr - mi 'iW
If
Mm''
vlM
Purdue Exponent
Friday^ MareK 194^
M Majors To Sponsor personnel Notes
Talk By Professor Clark To Meredith Club Monday
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By kfcllty
Piofc'i'ioi Riib\ Claik in'stiiictoi of institutioi^ manau'cnient addiess the Vng-inia C Moiedith Club at a. moctuig: Moudav Maich 16 at 4pm m the Homo Economics Build mg' auditoiium Hei topic ^^lll be “Pood Piobloms in Wai ’ The pi ogi am has been planned b\ the club s menibeis who aie majoi mg in foods The comniittee in eludes Robeila Buecliele clmi man, Bett's Mai not, Lois Caldwell lane Blank, and Miss E\ehn Kiaiise, faculU Coeds will stive 1 el 1 eslinients
Wayne Coy (Continued liom page 1) puipost of the United Nations is not to acfiuiic fieedom foi them stives oiih butJoi tlit tnliit woi Id It was Coj s opinion tint the leais rtgaiding the post wai effttt of the financial buidens could be dis legalded He stated that M ^n^ ol om wai tune expenditui es ait in ti easing, not detionsiiv the itil wealth of the counti\ Follow’ing the piogiam Di El liott gave a luncheon foi Coy, with Hugh Vanduier ot riaiiklin Duct toi of Piiblicitv T R Johnston and mtinbcrs of tht Student Wai Conn til as guests The lunthton was tol lowed bv a gtntial distussion in which Co\ 1 elated «ome ot his t\ peiienees in Washington Instrucl-ors Will Appear On Dietetics Program Piofessoi Rub\ Claik iiid Miss Maigaitt Hilt both ot the depait nitiit ot institution management and Miss Helen Pin niton of the de paitment ot foods and nutiition will appeal on the piogiam at the an niial meeting ol the Indiana Dictet its Association in Indianapolis to inoiiow Di C ccilia Schuck assoei ate piotessoi of mitiition is pies ident ot the oigani7ation ii d will pitside .it the nieeting Representatives Confer With South Bend Seniors Claicncc E Danimon uiieetoi ot Admissions at the Uni\tisit> and Misc Claie Coolulge assist ini de in ol women will toiitci with senio s tiom Cential and Ad iiiis high schools in South Bend tod i\ o i then plans lollowing giaduation These sessions aie eondueied an nu ill\ to gne the students i cltai idea ot what each ot the staiidaid college euiiicula offeis Seniois aic ilso intoimed as to whit specific naming tht\ ma\ obt iin at the
Univti siiy
If int senioi is inteiested in an iiiteieiew with ain of the following companies, eomplote one of the yel low “Request foi Intel view eaids a supph of wliieh IS in voui school office A oil will be notihed by caid 110111 the Peisonnel Office when to seheduU an inleiview ^^agl1er Electric Corp , St Louis, ''To Coming soon ME and EE Sign up 111 Peisonnel Office Duquesne light (o, Pittsbuigh Pa Coming soon ME and EE Sign up 111 Peisonnel Office Doeoc & Remolds Co Inc, I ouisMlle Kt Coming soon Worn en chemists and women ehcmieal engineois with BS MS oi PhD— come to the Peisonnel Office im mediately and schedule an intci e lew' (lUide I amp Dnision (Division of Gencial Motors Corpoiation), Andeison, Indiana Coming next week ME LE C liE piitieulaih i C liE with a Met option Sign up in the Peisonnel Ofliee immediately RC \ Mtg Co Indianipolis Ind — Maich If) ME EE and women cngincciing students Also women miioiing in st itisties aceounting and business admmistiation Come to the Peisonnel Office immediately Minneapolis Honeiwell Regulatoi Companj Aiieialt Division, Minneapolis Minnesota EE (pie teiahly those who have maioied in eommunieations oi electionies) and ME It inteiested, seeuie an appli cation blank fiom Peisonnel Office iietoielOOj) m Wednesday Maieh
18
\meiie.in Steel louiidiy (o, ( hieago 111—Maieh 10 ME (with maintenance pioduetion, tunc study options) Positions open in Pitts buigh ^St Louis Chicago Schedule an IntelN lew in Peisonnel Ofhee be foie 10 IK) i m Wceinesdav Maieh
18
Geodvnamie Piospecting Seiiiee Indian ipolis Ind —Advanced chem 1st (with geology) Come to the Peisonnel Olhii foi iddition il in toi nntion
> ’jL''
ir
Notices
\ ^ Z-l? I. I i^t Of A 1 ns
Student. Sennte All luniois nnd «sophomores inUudinj? woikers who dcsiie to be consideieci cliRiblo foi positions durinpr either of the next two semesters will pro sent petitions to the piosident of the Sen ntc not Inter thnn 5 p m Friday Mar 13 Petitions will include recommendations foi futuie proicct*^ oi revisions persotial oual ifications ind a Inief account of past bcrv iccs DIBOS I xponent Staffs Sifrn up in Editorial of Rcc before I ndav Mirih 13 if you want to to llu Ilanuuet on Sunday
-imOPHY
Sitrma I)ol(a Psi Meotmpr of ill those who hive pisstd seven m moic tests in Room 10-^ ot Union Fud iv Much at ) 00 pm Iipiilant UANSI N Ochiih Phofornphy Staff Siphomous ard Jut lois i i < ni to R) m 1) lues d ly M (i< li 18 I t Ip m WAI Kl R MI 10 Make Up examH FxaminationH to reniov ( in I I ^raiUs in MJ 10 will be jnvtn S tl nd iv M iieh 14 al I p in in r m 101 of lb Ml 1 uildiiu I k IS uiliTv me if intorcsU I GT IGl R ASMI loinl mcilint, ol student hnnch in 1 ( T11 1 Ir I (Lti n 1 M I IV Mm h 11 it 8 p m II 1 i I 1 1 illv I )iMn, t th( Union r 11/ (ilk t lx. { im’m hv studint nrnmlds I th Hi v i ilv ind cf R Fob l<<h Instiluf litiih All niclnnuai 1 ^IIKl 1 w I 1 ( t>HI 1
Tumor Mtilunu'il I iij mcers All jum u MI s wh) h \( n f till I < It the i ici onncl uioid ( iids slio ild stop it the of (ic in the M (h nu i! I tikinecntik. Build int. and fill ) I tli ii c u Is Itffic S tin di> M luh 11 VOOl r R Womin Stuiknls (( d inltristid in sinnrui w ik sh ill fil aipluatuns with llu W mens jl m it sinic in l!u tx iuti\« Buikhnj bit(u Situidu Maich II -11 Nin
Blstingutshed students* Pefunds are now available at the cashier s office In the Executive Buildinf? —HOLLENSBE Senior Cadet Officers Sip;n up immedi attly on advanced course bulletin boaid foi appointments to h ivo pictures taken —LT JOHNSON Roffer Williams Club Skatinpr Party at Maple Point Satuiday ni{»ht March 14 Meet at the Chinch at 8 admission 2rjc
—ULRLY
PIA Tea Danie Saturday March 14 fiom 4 to f) 40 pm in North Ballioom m the Union —ASHBIBR Student Ushers Sliulcnt ishcrs and po Iirt at vnrsitv baskdball (tmus Kct their
* • 1 loklhouse
—DOAN
moniy at tlu ticket ofii
I
Westminster Inundation Blackout p irty Inday Match 11 Meet in tlu chinch I uiiif,c it ( i) p in UiLic will bo eames ir I iclioshnutts c rv d Ivtivoru is in Vito I -illOMA Sophomore Aims All ipplications foi IIS A<io I Tu i dtki L mist h( on lilc in morn 210 MI buiklinr not lalot than Mu h H lu 1 1 i U b i isil T d WOOD
Advanced Military Applicants* All ihpsc whose names appear on thd list on the ttiajn bulletin boaid in the Armory, must repwt to the main office of the Armory befotc noon Saturday March 14 to complete hlHtoiy questionnaires —McMAKFN Purdue Players There will be a meotlmr of the Lxecutivo Board at 4 p m IMday March IS m Powler Hall —KECK Virftinin C Meredith Club There will be a meetinj? at 4 p m Monday March ^ in the Home Economics auditorium Miss Claik wilf speak on Food Problems in Wai J A|1
mombois arc asked to bo
monts will be served BLANK Purdue Christian Foundation Th^ will be a fioc dance bold in the West Facility
I ounce Saturday March 14
irynnc is invited WAMPIFR POMM Iheic will he a banquet on Thursday March 10 at ( P m in the East Facultv I ounre fickits may lu ol tamed fiom POMM officers until noon Wednes-
day Much IS for (,r, ^
Fiatcrnity Affairs Offic<^ Sophomoio pt lilions will be due Tuesday Maieb 17 In tdvuw will Jollow at a later dit^
—PEARSON
Alpln 7cla Pledges Cdnt u I Ikwud Die lin it \l )ha Gainm i Rh loi I i il ind I itni 1 (( nsliluti ins immc li it ly Wilili 1 xj ( n nt I i luithfi ntLiccs sWAIM Advnued (ouisc Milil trv Sludents If (III Whit will till ( j tlu t i II sit n tl n lucBdn Mauh 1 it I i m in i m 2t)f ot tlu M cliunu il I njinciniu I 111 ! m AH i Ivm ( 1 ( 111! c stu knts an III! I f ntt nd SUl I IVAN A^ricuUuriHl Ixtiimdv impnilait nuct n» ol tlu lk(t(itl Bond M utdav Mauh 1 it I pm in 1 (m 117 < f At.. Hall Im I c) ili\ Ihit all dcputnunlil editors ml s(.ni i still m mb is att nd Mi cl is to lx (I )i < 1 In ( im bk t It n I < ill Snvdi i It 8lfr SNYDl R Cosmopolitan Club iheie will U i ictr lu mcitnc. at ” 40 Inday Much IJ in Ro m JOl (I the Union Biin{,. y( n tclct ind money foi the Intel national Show
KI I I AR
GREETING CARD$ FOR ALL OCCASIONS lltiiversily Book Slorc Atrofis rroin Union Ur 1 SonimoiiB *20 Dor** Ppple 40
M-ijestie Fiirnaces and Will-Burl- Stokers F. H.Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E State St
"Allplanes built by honotablc toymakers no stood—lly one nlile, then come apait'”
Classified Ads
Athlete Of Year (Coiiliiuud lioiii p ig( 1) l)ci ot nomin itions loi each pcisoii will he ..ivcii wtighl in tht stltc tion Bo.ird 'T\ ill Dttidt Tht fiiidl tho tt v\ill be in Lht hinds ot tl I tpu stntdtWL bond This gioup will tonsisl ot tht tol lowing lht stiiioi bond ot tht Ex poiitnt, iiitsuknt ol the Stn ilt pitsidciit ol tlu Union Dthiis cdi toj Attivitios Buitui 1 xctulivi picsidtnts ol the (.inilti Rt iinti ind (.old Ptppti Clubs Rtd M itk tv ithktit diiottoi Di T A Cs lev til in man ot lht latultv ithkLu (ommitltt BobWoodwoith sthltt It puhlititv fliittloi tht pitsidtnl ol lht Puidut Athltlit (oinit il
picsidcnt of tht Skull ind Citstonf and thitt mtmhtis ot the toathiug stilt to bt namtd by tht iLhltlit di itttoi The announttmtiil ot tht win ntis will ht namtd duiiiig tht wttk ol Maich 22 The thosen pan will icttivt suitihlv tngiavtd ayaitls and i planiit will be plated in tin hill ol the Puidut Mtinoiid Union upon whith the names will bt in sti ibt d tath j L 11
RAT RON I/E CM’ONl'NI ADV! in ISr RS'
/>—
DR DR DR
PAUL A RISK LUTHER A RISK HAROLD ) RISK
- DENTISTS —
400 404 Sch^Ui Bldg 4ih ind Mini St Lafiyette
(t
' '
tis unpatriotic to waste! a V.ilu.ihh* iiiJorixalioii is jjfivoii oiil daily on (“oiisorvalion of Kiil»lK*r, Molal, Ik'xiilos, Food, F.lc. (.lovvn ( I(*anin^ Kruiiovt's Hidden flirt aixl Grim Ironi your cloltios, lliorohy fim^ltioiiing tli<‘ lif<‘ of itio labric. I I hmm't
Top of tho Ifill
W
nlcd
1 Ull tl
uc stcuoi.
anhtr
uud
i,tne
(1 (
ffi<( (ssislint iu
due hark
xr<»H
'll 1
tfernd
1 V
Icltir
J v
lU
it B
X \ 1
i)|H
utife
rs All
M u tun
S 111
m (1 s
1 1 1
t !
1 I
11 1
1
M
„ 1 h
1
1 f
111)1
11 f 0
M 1
1 )
1
\
'
I 0«)1
w
1 Shilti
hi tllTK 1
>iinl u
Alue
n
rh n
1
I or Rent Ot h II llu i ni i i a I n 1 He t 1 It \ t r r n u htd N( a U i Bill) Oiu 1)1) 101 Slit St
Rail’s Plan; so HANDY
I Gallon 1 Bushel
Deliciuus POPCORN For Your Social Activities
15c $1 20
Eas/ to Follow —this Arthur Murray Step to Daintiness!
8*30 class or 8*30 date, ginrd your sweetness and ch irrn the way Arthur Munay danttis do—with Odoiono Cicam Non greasy, non gritty gentle, no tioublt to ns.,Odoi uno Crtam ends pel spir lion annoyantc for 1 to 3 days) Follow till.) easy Arthur Mill ray step to daintiness— get Odorono Crtam today! ]0)‘, 39), 59)' bi.itb (plus tax) 1 111 Odorono Co Inc Niw York
MY MOMMY DONE TOL' ME
THAT WHENEVER I LOSE SOMETHING THAT I NEED GREATLY, JUST CALL 4005 AND ORDER A
/*^T H O C! T“OTl!!"T\ If T\ IJbiD lAiD
IN
IFULLOZ JAR—ONLY 39^ (plus tax)
pDs perspiration S^*Ww/l)i(Sf /flie IT03 ww III , I blVES YOU MORC FOR YOUR MONEY
X^pj04'ie4^