1 II nMiiiiflilfliilirii.
n-
iff
ffl, ij^
1‘
®hE Pursue TSxpanent
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INPIANA, FRIDAY, MAY 28, 1937
NUMBER 103
95 Students Return Signed Petitions To Senate Office
Ninety-five of the 103 students who took out Student Senate petitions returned them last night to the Student Senate office, where they will be checked for eligibility by Senate officials at the close of the year. An average of 3.5 is necessary. Petitioners will be up for^ection at registration next fall,
when one student senator will
Walters Gives Banquet For Activity Men
Approximately 50 campus activities leaders were guests of Dr. E. J. Walters, University personnel director, at a banquet held yesterday evening in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. H. R. Sennstrom, ex-editor of the Purdue Independent, discussed the merit rating systems for organization personnel and J. H. Shoemaker, ex-president of the Student Union, demonstrated a personnel rating system for Union workers which was developed jointly by himself and L. E. Putze, present Uftion executive. Dr. Walters and Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to President E. C. Elliott, discussed the value of activities and matters of interest to those engaged in them. R. W. Dwight, editor of the 1937 Debris, acted as toastmaster. Plans were discussed for the formation of a body to coordinate the functions of the various campus activities and members of the group, all of whom were introduced, volunteered suggestions.
Bigger Midnight Specimens Entice Local Bug Hunter By Kay Holly
“A bug in the net is worth two in the bush,” so thought the nocturnal entomologist as he stood beneath a street light swinging his ‘•bug-catching” butterfly net. Tuesday night at the stroke of 12 a figuie loomed up from nowhere and nonchalantly leaned against a lamp post on the driveway of the Women’s Residence Hall. Whether more rare and “gargantuous” insects expose themselves at the midnight hour, would be difficult to say, but with the chiming of the University clock, he commenced swishing his net back and forth. Seeks Bigger Game Peering inside of the white cloth at certain intervals, he appeared well satisfied, but continued stroknxg the night air as though aspiring tor bigger game. Then as suddenly as he had arrived, he disappeared Perhaps, the bug supply exhausted in this vicinity, he was moving on to more prolific territory under another lamp post. Approximately 21 hours later the “snatcher of bugs” was usurping another gathering of our winged “friends”—an innocent gathering which was being enticed and entertained by the glow of the power ful light on the front of University Hall. This time he was not alone in his big game hunt, but was assisted by two fellow-workers, who were as intent upon capture as he was. Out For Night Life After carefully bottling a “precious” bug, the in-the-making-ento-mologist was asked if he were out fpr all and any kinds of bugs, or if only seeking specific genus. Whereupon he answered, “We’re out for all kinds of ‘night life,’ but at the present since I’m trying to com plete an entomology collection, I guess I’ll have to stick to the ‘flies by night’ that look best when labeled in a notebook.”
Major Morse To Take University ROTC Post
Major Gustave H. Morse, of the U. S. Field Artillery, Fort Hoyle, Md., is the latest army officer to receive orders for transfer to the University’s military department, according to an announcement just made by the army headquarters in Washington, D. C.
be chosen from each class in each of the various schools, with the exception of the school of pharmacy, where two will be selected from the entire group. The schools of public service engineering, engineering law, industrial education, and physical education, voting as a group, will name two men from the six petitioners. There are candidates for all positions. A candidate may drop out by notifying the Student Senate. Petitioners Those who returned petitions are: Agriculture—sophomores, J. L. Hackleman, J. O. Mills, Albert Rogers; juniors, F. E. DeLa Croix, C. G. Elliott, T. B. Glazebrook, D. N. light; seniors, M. L. Underwood, J. S. McWilliams, R. B. Davis. Chemical Engineering — sophomores, W. E. Catterall, T. E. Dann, H. F. Fishburn, John Richardson; juniors, E. L. Armstrong, E. H. Duval, A. R. Fowler, J. H. Jacobi, A. R. Pierce, Charles Petry, E. L. Tyner; seniors, J. C. Sanders, J. L. Taylor. Civil Engineering — sophomores, R. L. Lippman, R. P, McConnell, G. W. Reid, Ralph Reiley, M. D. Ross, Allen Shackleton; juniors, F. C. Ahrens, J. R. Watson; seniors, L. A. Rieth. Electrical Engineering — sophomores, Dyer Butterfield, R. E. Insley, H. L. Miller, H. O. Monson; juniors, R. H. Horner, John Kessel, W. T. McNaughton, L. F. McNeill, Barton Wright; seniors, M. D. Barrows, J. W. Seaborg, W. H. Wood. Mechanical Engineers — sopho mores, P. T. Cooper, J. I. Dean, Dan Fisher, John Graham, Bill Hart; (Continued on page 4)
Dr. McCoy Wm Talk At AChS Meeting
“The Rare Earths” will be the subject of a talk by Dr. Herbert N McCoy at a meeting of the American Chemical Society tomorrow at 7:30 p. m. in roo'm 106 of the Chemistry Building. At 6 o’clock, he will be guest of honor at a banquet in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. McCoy received his bachelor’s degree here in 1892 and his doctor’s degree from the University of Chicago in 1898, where he was a member of the chemistry staff from 1901 until 1917. At present Dr. McCoy is vice-president of the Lindsay Light Company of Chicago, 111..
Andy Grant Undergoes Major Leg Operation
Andy Grant, guard on the football team, underwent a major operation on his leg last Wednesday. The condition of his leg was due to a growth on the bone resulting from an injury during the football season. It was necessary to cut into the thigh and scrape the growth from the bone. Grant is a member of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity and is a junior in the physical education school. As well as being a first team football player, Grant is also on the track and basketball teams.
Senior Commencement Announcements Roady
Senior commencement announce-
Meet The Four Dix^s; Mary^ Howard^ Gerald, Estella; One Big Happy Family
By Mary Cooley
ments are ready for* distribution and may be procjured at Southworth’s, Deac’s or, during Friday and Saturday, at a special desk in the Union. The Gala Week committee wishes the seniors would get them as soon as possible. There are also a few graduation tickets still avaflable.
Skull And Crescent
Last night at 7:30 in room F of the Memorial Union Building, R. M. Hughes, independent, and W. A. Hardesty, Alpha Kappa Lambda, were initiated into Skull and Crescent.
Four of the seven blue-eyed, and light-'haired children of Mr. and Mrs. Porter J. Dix, of Sullivan, have the distinction of being the University’s only quartet from one family. Mary Dix, H. E. ’37; Howard Dix, Forestry, ’39; Gerald J. Dix, E. E. ’39; and Estella Dix, H. E. ’40, have a wonderful time. Sometimes the four eat together, but more often they go to the show en masse. Mary, who attended Indiana University one year before coming here, is intending to take a position teaching home economics in Earl Park High School on July 1. Howard also went to Indiana University his first year. Mary and Estella liv(e at 2021 Fowler avenue, and Gerald and Howard make their home at 141 Sheetz street. All four are working to help earn their educations. Each of the children, including the three
younger ones at home, play at least one musical instrument. When they are all at home, it is easy for them to organize an orchestra with their three violips, a trombone, cornet, clarinet, and piano. The girls have all been active in 4-H work. They have been given county and state medals in sewing and leadership projects. When Mary graduates next month there will be only a trio of Dix’s for a year or so. However, a younger brother. Porter E. Dix, who will be a senior in high school next year, says that he does not intend to come to Purdue University if he can help it. Although their home is two miles from Sullivan, their father is a city mail carrier. Mrs. Dix used to be a school teacher. “The only thing I don’t like about a big family is that I almost never get the family car,” says Estella, the youngest of the quartet.
Ceres Chooses New Offieers
Ceres, agronomy honorary, elected and installed new officers in a meeting Wednesday night at the home of Prof. F. E. Robbins. The new officers are: R. H. Chinn, president; J. C. Dibble, vice-president; R. C. Ziegler, secretary; and R. B. Davis, treasurer. Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dr. and Mrs. G. H. Cutler, and Prof. A. T. Wiancko were guests at the meeting. Refreshments were served at this time.
Co-eds Give Dance
At Hall Tonight
Amidst decorations of Japanese lanterns, co-eds at the Women’s Residence Hall will entertain guests to a radio dance from 8:30 to 12 tonight. The closed affair is under the direction of Barbara Sweeney and Georgianna Baker. As usual the dance will be held in the recreation room in the basement of the hall, and a specially provided amplifying system will be in
Dr. Young To Give Views Of Future
“The Outlook Of The Near Future” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Dr. E. C. Young of the Purdue farm management department Monday noon at the regular May Agricultural Staff Luncheon, to be held at the Lincoln Lodge. A large attendance is expected since it will be the last of such luncheons until fall, chairman George Enfield said. Besides Enfield, members of the arrangements committee are: A. L. Delez, H. 0. Deay, and Regina Schulte.
Civil Engineers To Dincj At Capital
Robert B. Byington and William H. Keenan Jr., winners of the 1937 student prizes of the Indiana section of the American Society of Civil Engineers, are to be honored at a dinner in the Washington Hotel at Indianapolis today. The awards, which are given annually, are to the outstanding men in the graduating class in civil engineering.
Summer Session Offers Two Farm Shop Courses
Two special intensive short courses, farm shop and farm machinery, wjll be offered at the University during the coming summer session for vocational agriculture teachers. The farm shop course begins June 14 and ends June 26; while the farm machinery course starts June 28 and ends July 10. The shop course will include farm repair work and farm construction jobs. The machinery course will cpver the repairing and adjusting of old machinery.
‘Buy Poppy?’ What Will You Answer?
“Buy a poppy?” We’ll all be asked that question Saturday, as Memorial Day brings thoughts of those who gave up their lives on the field of battle. “Buy a poppy?” A poppy? • No, not just a poppy— a symbol of sacrifice, a tribute to patriotism. A tragedy, too, perhaps, but still our recognition of heroism and devotion. Buy a poppy? Sure!
Skull And Crescelit Advocates Suppression Of Tank Scrap Revival
At a meeting held last night in room F of the Memorial Union Building, Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary organization, voted to advocate permanently abolishing the traditional “‘Tank Scrap” which has threatened a resurrection recently. It was mentioned that Purdue has grown to several times the size of the school in 1913, when the last “Tank Scrap” was held. It was also said that an interruption like the “Tank Scrap” and its results, such as internment in a hospital, would seriously hamper a student’s scholastic activities. All movements to reestablish this affair will be met with opposition from the Skull and Crescent fraternity.
State 4-H Leaders
Instruct Members
Lulu Whitaker and F. M. Shanklin, both of the 4-H club’s state office here at the University, traveled to Veedersburg yesterday to direct the program of the first 4-H club officers’ training School of Fountain county before more than 120 boys and girls in the Veedersburg High School building. The state representatives met with the 4-H ^ub president and vice-presidents. From Veedersburg, Miss Whitaker and Shanklin journeyed to Williamsport where they met with the representatives from 14 4-H clubs of Warren county in the Williamsport High School building.
Three Home Economics Girls Accept Positions
1800 Sign Petition Against Coach Martin’s Resignation
A petition protesting the resignation of track coach Orval Martin, bearing approximately 1,800 names, will be placed in the hands of President Elliott this morning by a student group composed of Jack Goory and Claude Moore, varsity track men, and A. L. McColloum, track manager.
A
similar petition, signed by varsity track men only, will be presented to Noble Kizer,
director of athletics.
“We feel that coach Martin has been treated unfairly, and that he should be given an opportunity to show what he can do with the new equipment we now have available,” stated Jack Goory, who with Moore and McColloum have been agitating for a reconsideration of the action
on Martin’s resignation.
Goory stated that Martin has had no part in circulating the petition. Campus opinion, say the student agitators, is strongly opposed to
Martin’s resignation. Action Problematical
The action to be taken on the petition is problematical, say the petitioners. The resignation of Martin and the signing of Phillips perhaps will not be reconsidered, but the petition is a protest at what the group considers unfair tactics. President Elliott, questioned concerning the petition, said that he was unaware that any student ac-
tion had been taken.
There is no complaint against the new coach; the feeling aroused is rather that of loyalty to Martin.
S. A. A. Takes No Side
W. F. Bailey, newly elected president of the Student Athletic Association, refused to take sides in the controversy. The S. A. A. has no authority in the hiring of a new
coach.
Coach Martin declined to make a statement with regard to the petition. His resignation was tendered about 10 days ago after a mediocre
Snipi
)e Hunt Fails;
Victim ^s Swipe Bag
Mary Dix, ^ullivan; Edna Hutson, West Lafayette; and Gertrude Johnson, Corunna, all of the home economics school, have accepted positions for ne*t year. i Miss Dix will teach home economics and science in the new vocational home economics department at Earl Park; Miss Hutson will teach home economics in the Lebanan High School; and Miss Johnson will teach home economics and physical education in the vocational department at Waterloo,
By the Roving Reporter When a snipe hunter catches a snipe, that’s not news, but when he catches a man, that’s news! A1 Weldon and Dick Frazier, of the Salisbury street co-op house, are the only snipe hunters in history who ever succeeded in catching anything more than chilblains or mosquito bites. They caught four of their classmates—or would-be pranksters who had planned to leave them holding the bag. The snipe hunt, as everyone knows, is based more on the gullibility of the human race than on the natural habits of the snipe. Working from this theory the four plotters took Weldon and Frazier out to the Old Soldiers’ Home last night, there to hunt snipe with a gunny sack and a flashlight while the plotters scattered and drove the birds in. You Hold The Bag It’s all very simple. You hold the bag and flash the light; the said snipe see the light and make for it. All you have to do is clap the bag over them and Presto! you’ve got your snipe. Meanwhile the jokers make off and leave you holding the bag. But Weldon had hunted snipe before. He had a duplicate key to the car, and lit out for home as soon as the boys scattered. Jokers Straggle Home Three of the four jokers straggled home late last night, scratched, muddied, and mosquito bitten. The fourth got turned a^l'ound somewhere in the woods and was still very much at large, accoi-ding to last reports. Unless he gets home before morning, the snipe hunters may have to go on a man hunt.
M. Underwood Elected Alpha Zeta President
M. L. Underwood, junior dairy student, was elected president of Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary fraternity, at elections held in Agricultural Hall last evening. Underwood is a member of Scabbard and Blade, PUMM, the Dairy Club, ai^d is a distinguished student. He is a member of Alpha Gamma Rho, social fraternity. Other officers selected are R. L. Henry, vice president; R. C. Ziegler, secretary; J, F. Garrott, treasurer; and D. V. Catron, historian. Membership in this honorary organization is based upon scholarship and activity records. Throughout the past semester the active group has been working on an Agricultural Yearbook. The material has been assembled and written and the book will be published this fall.
Plan University Memorial Services For 3 p.m. Sunday
Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the University, will deliver the Memorial Day address in Eliza Fowler Hall at 3 o’clock May 30. His subject will be “The Meaning Of Memorial Day.” Dean M. L. Fisher will read the necrology for 1936-37. H. W. Hughes, and J. H. Shoemaker will both give three-minute addresses. The University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing several selections. President E. C. Elliott will pay a memorial tribute to John Purdue. The Rev. T. F. Williams of the Trinity Methodist Episcopal Church will offer the invocation and the benediction. Harry Irwin Metzger has been scheduled to play the organ prelude and postlude.
Pi Tau Sigma Names Cox To Presidency
E. N. Cox, a junior mechanical engineer, was elected president of the Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineering honorary, at a meeting of that body at Rotary Park last night. Other offices filled were: vice-presi-dent, R. O. Wickersham; secretajy, P. S. Emrick; and treasurer, J. B. Bray. About 60 members attended the meeting which was in the form of a picnic.
“May SI No Penalty Day'^ Says Dean Fisher
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations, only foui‘ more issues of the Exponent will be published this semester. These issues will appear tomorrow, June 2 and 3, and June 5. The first issue of the Summer Session l^ponent will appear June 17.
M. L. Fisher, University dean of men, announced Tuesday that May 31 would not be a penalty day, contrary to rumors which have been going around the campus. He further said that if any disciplinary measures were to be taken, they would be at the discretion of the instructors. May 31 is the day of the Memorial Day 500-mile auto race at Indianapblis, and the question of penalty day was raised as many students are desirous of attending this classic.
Eta Kappa Nu
At a meeting of Eta Kappa Nu, electidcal engineering honmaey, last Wednesday night in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building, Prof. A. N. Topping installed the newly elected officers. The offi-cei-s are: H. F, Wells, presidents L. C. Schaefer, vice-president; B.H» Schlundt, recording secretary; N, H. Hale, corresponding secretarYl M. D, Barrows, treasurer; and; W, H, Wood, journal correspcpdapt.
at
a'”'
■' •/,-s;</'v
,r-7V, - '
r's;''
Page TW
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, May 28,1937
®fie ^Puriiue exponent
Founded in 1883
entered ns second class matter at the post office, hat&yeUx, Indiana. Delivered to ««n. tl.BO per year; delivered to carrier. $2.60 per year ;g^d to a g»ngle co£y;2 cen^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 5038
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 5087
Elditor-in-Chief— Manasring Editor — — Associate Editors — Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF ™ t, »» • J" E. Brock r 1)7 A. Baiiey, ll S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. 1. Stanback, D. E. Vance Beth McCool
Bnsinees Manager — Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager... Lx>cal Advertising Manager Circulation Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF . J. P. Girard ;'Z".'.7..’....’.! -W. J. Gillilan ” B. R- Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor - Associate Editors..
SPORTS STAFF „ . R. F. Obenchain J. S. Brown, K L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Elditor Associate Editors..
WOMEN’S STAFF ^ , _ ........Elizabeth Pyke ...[7.7. !"Mi^ Cooiey, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—R. E. Insley
Experiments Made By Entire Staffs To the Editor of the Exponent: In an article that appeared in Wednesday’s issue of the Exponent mention was made of an article that Professor Remmers and the undersigned published in the Modern Language Journal, and which was recently favorably commented on by Professor Algernon Coleman, of the University of Chicago in the magazine Education. In reporting Professor Coleman’s remarks concerning our article your reporter added that; “Remmers and Fotos conducted a series of experiments with freshmen modern language classes from 1929 to 1933.” This statement is not correct. These experiments were conducted by the entire staff of the department of modern languages in French, German and Spanish with the co-operation of the division of education reference. JOHN T. FOTOS, Department of Modern Languages.
What’s This, Is Everything A Racket? In a few days thousands of college graduates will be sitting at their commencement exercises, seeing honorary degrees conferred on men and women who have “made their mark in the world.” Just what one must do to earn one of these honorary degrees is a rather vague point in the minds of most of the A. B.’s. Well, the news comes out in an article by John R. Tunis, printed in the current Harper’s. And according to Mr. Tunis (prepare for a shock, kids) the initials L. L. D. are bought or swapped, not earned. This is the way the racket is worked. Nothing so crass as actual bartering, of course, enters into the matter. But if a friend of the university is so kind as to confer upon the university a large donation, it is only fitting that the university show its gratitude by conferring on the good friend an honorary degree. Another good reason for a university’s granting an honorary degree, says M. Tunis, is to save itself a good round sum of money which would be spent in securing a commencement speaker. The president of a large Middle-Western university once confessed to Tunis, “The honorary degree is often used to obtain commencement speakers, and personally I suspect that was the basic reason for four out of the five handed me.” Aside from practical reasons, Mr. Tunis lists as motives for handing out honorary degrees, the apple polishing of big business and a convenient method for signifying brotherly good will toward other universities. In 1929, Nicholas Murray Butler of Columbia with one grand gesture handed out degrees to the Presidents of Minnesota, Purdue, Cornell, Sweet Briar, and Iowa Universities. A few of the “distinguished” who have attained this honor, as listed by Harpers, are; Dr. Henry Ford (largest motor car manufacturer in the world ) of Colgate; Dr. J. Edgar Hoover (G man extraordinary) of New York University; Dr. William A. Wirt (who discovered a red revolution in the New Deal); Dr. Dorothy Dix (mother confessor) of Tulane; and Dr. Charles E. Coughlin (priest of the airways) of Notre Dame. Now, look them over, little college graduate, and see if you aren’t just as happy with your hard earned Bachelor of Arts degree. —^The Daily Kansan.
SOMETHING THAT EVERYONE KNOWS for sure . . . it’s hot The Chi O’s were going over to visit the Belts last nite but the Belts decided about noon that they were too busy to entertain the girls . . . said Chi O’s were mildly hilarious . . . but only mildly so because they had to go out to buy their dinner since all the stores were closed and the cook couldn’t get any groceries . . . What hospitality . . . What fine boys ! ! • . MORON’S DICTIONARY: Tread . . . what the Home Engineers sew with . . . Pole vault. .. bank of Warsaw .. Baste . . . stick two pieces of paper together . . . France . . . buddies or pals . . . Discus . . . argue or debate . . . Greek ... a small river . . . Bed ... a wager ... Broad Jump . . . hop-skotch for girls . . . Bridges . . . pants .'. . Carnation . . . crowning of the English king . . . “Hap” GEDER’S grandmother certainly must be very, very ill . . , Hap makes a trip to Madison every week-end to see her !!!... Marriage is an institution . . . marriage is love . . . love is blind .. therefore, marriage is an institution for the blind ... On the QUESTIONNAIRE that has been going the rounds there have been a number of funny answers to some of the questions . . . for example . . . one ed’s ambition in college life other than scholastic achievement is to get a^ date with LOUISE SCHICKLER . . and when asked if she commutes and if so how far, one co-ed answered yes, 170 and 140 miles ... by letter . . . CAROLINE LEMEN has been bragging that she never has been mentioned in B & B . . . sorry to break your record, CAROLINE . . . A SAD, SAD STORY : . . Two old maids went for a tramp in the woods .. . the tramp died .. . Last call for MORON’S DICTIONARY . . . The winner of the MARS PASSES will be announced in tomorrow’s column . , .
Hobart And Smith Colleges To Learn Cause War^ Peace Geneva, N. Y.—(ACP)—To get behind the complexion of war and reveal its underlying causes is the purpose - of the new course, “War and Peace,” which will be added to the curriculum of Hobart and William Smith Colleges next year. The course will offer a scientific study, of the cultural factors, the economic conditions and nationalistic policies which frequently lead to armed strife, announced Dr. William Alfred Eddy, president. “War and Peace” will be elective to juniors in completing their fouryear study of citizenship required of students in both colleges who are working for their bachelor’s degree. How provoking incidents cause war or may be prevented from causing war will be studied. Examples such as the assassination of Archduke Ferdinand at Sarajevo, the invasion of Manchuria and Ethiopia, and foreign intervention in Spain will be considered. The war-study will be divided into three parts, the first dealing with the 1913 pre-war period. Efforts will be made to determine the effects of isolation and alliances.
Tests Detect, Not Prevent Syphilis Sporadic outbursts of student sentiment are reflecting the nationwide campaign against venereal diseases being carried on by the medical profession. College editors are giving their support by presenting the horrors of syphilis and gonorrhea in their columns, and on some campuses large groups of students are taking action to eradicate the dreaded diseases. More than 600 students at Oklahoma Agricultural & Mechanical Arts College recently signed a petition demanding that all entering students be given the Wasserman test for syphilis. This petition was placed in the hands of the college’s student council last week. A test for venereal diseases of this limited scope cannot, as we see it, accomplish a great deal. The Wasserman test, or the Kahn test, or the Cline test, does not afford protection against syphilis but only detects hereditary syphilis and cases of the disease which have not been treated or completely cured. The examination discloses any traces of the disease at the time of test, but a student might be pronounced free of syphilis and might contract the disease on the same day. *Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Purdue health service, says that the Wasserman test could be given to all University students at a possible cost of one dollar each and that the Kahn test, not so old as the former, but more sensistive, could be made for 50 cents per student. The health service gives the tests free to all student restaurant workers and other student handlers of food, who are required by state law to be examined for syphilis, and to any other students who request them. Between two and three hundred students have taken syphilitic tests during the current school year and none of them have given a positive reaction. An effective but fairly expensive method of combating syphilis would be the requiring of every person in the United States to take one of the tests in a limited period of time. Several European countries have found this measure highly successful.
WBAA
—TODAY— 11:00—Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, T. J. Hornung, K. V. Bryan. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Athletic Review, by Bob Heine. \ 12:45—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Chamber of Commerce, Mary Wagner. 1:15—You and Your Health, Dr. S. J. Miller. 1:30—Great Inventions. 1:45—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 2:00—Paul Worcester, tenor. 2:15—Commercial Law, L. G. Minier. 3:00—Lafayette Music Society. 3:30—Lafayette Little Theatre Drama. ^ „4:00—Paul Emerson, pianist. 4:15—The Traveler and His Magic Carpet. 4:30-^Twice Told Tales. 4:45—Melody Moods.
WAA Sports Spread Climaxes Season’s Work; Awards Made W. A. A. annual Spring Sports Spread climaxed the geason’s activities yesterday at 4 o’clock at the Cabin. This event featured the presentations of awards, which included Women’s Athletic Association skins, ‘P’ monograms, numerals, and cups. Presentations The presentations are: numerals, Mary Ellen Ward, Leta Newman, Kathryn Merritt; “P” monograms, Dora May Patterson, Janette Shaffer; W. A. A. skins, Louanna Thompson, Mildred Fitch, Betty Arnold. The class cup was presented to the senior class, with a total of 250 points; the freshman class was second with 115 points. Chi Omega sorority won the intramural cup with a total of liq points; while Ward 2 was in second place with 95 points. Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, presented the senior baseball team with book ends of hammered bronze. Those receiving the awards are: Marjorie Charles, Mildred Fitch, Regina Kelly, Minnie Venemann, Louanna Thompson, Georgia Halstead, Martha Walker, Jeanette Scudder, and Betty Arnold. Summaries Summaries of the spring activities were given by the leaders of the various groups: Margaret Jenkins, tennis; Georgia Walker, swimming; Louise Harry, Orchesis; Ruth Wiley, golf; Mary Ellen Ward, archery; and Pauline George, bowling. Before the feed, group games were played. Margaret Jones was in charge of the spread.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Ts there any future here for me—or are you married ?”
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
60,000 Veterans Of Future Wars Disband Princeton, N. J.—(ACP)— The Veterans of Future Wars movement, started a year ago by Princeton University students to satirize the Harrison bonus bill, is officially ended. Word of the dissolution of this organization, which last April was said to claim 60,000 members under 36 years of age, and 534 chartered posts, comes from a bulletin issued by Robert G. Barnes, ’37, and Thomas Riggs Jr., ’37, joint commanders. The purpose of the bulletin is to answer the question, “What Are The Veterans of Future Wars Doing Today?” recently raised. Activities in the sphere of politics were suspended during Ijast fall’s presidential campaign, explained the Princeton seniors. “Since that time it has been found financially impossible to resume activities on a scale that the American Legion and the Veterans of Foreign Wars deserve, and since
We Carry a Full Line of FRANK MEDICO PIPES H. G. "Deac" Reisner
ARC FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Bob Custer and Rin-Tin-Tin in “Vengeance of Rannah” —and— Bruce Cabot in “Legion of Terror” —also— “Undersea Kingdom”
nUillY-
Paul Kelly
HAROLD BEll WRIGHT'S IT HAPPtMiD
OUTWEW
Plus
m IPT
m
. mCHAKD TAUBER
lANE BAXTER
there is no point in doing a halfhearted job, we are stopping the organization altogether.”
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry
MURDER AT R S E A N G E ! w
WHO...knied“The Man That Everyone Holed"? WHY.. .was a beautiful bride-to-be held os "Suspect No. 1"? NOW.. .you can see the Boyord Veitler mystery that srortted [broodway fo<>^40 weeks!
It?”' Today — Saturday
MaiiI
Today — Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
FIm New Songs and a Thousand New Laughs! A
with Herman Bing Mischa Auer Lucille Ball Frank Jenks
p T,
The Thrilling Expose of
The Gold Racket
u
a Powerful New
Conrad Nagel
s
Racket!
Eleanor Hunt/
Friday, May 28, 1937
ITHE PtJRDtJE EXPONENT
Alpha Gamma Rho Wins Greek Baseball Trophy
Outhittmg, outpitching, and outplaying their opponents. Alpha Gamma Rho trimmed the S. A. B.’s itilast night’s diamond encounter to the score of 9-3. The winning battery consisted of Lafuse on the mound with Hymen in the receiving position, while Pickens tossed them to Purdy for the S. A. E.’s. Both teams got off to a fast start m the first inning, scoring two runs each, but it seems as though that was all of the runs the S. A. E.’s could squeeze out of Lafuse until the second when they came through with their third and final run of the game. Easy Victory Playing smart ball and giving plenty of support in the form of hits Alpha Gamma Rho showed the way to an easy victory. Swain and Hymen both contributed to the cause
Dorner*s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
by snlashing out resounding twobase hits as their share of the 12 hits snelded by Pickens. A triple by Noyes and a double slapped off the bat of Pickins were the only two hits given by Lafuse. Alpha Gamma Rho got their first two runs in the initial inning and the other seven were scattered throughout the remaining six innings. As a reward for their stirring victory, the winning team will be awarded the coveted baseball trophy given by the intramural department.
Optimist Club Hears Talk On Psychology
Prof. Harriet O’Shea, women’s personnel director, discussed the work of psychologists with students before the Optimist Club at its regular weekly meeting Wednesday night. Professor O’Shea expressed the conviction that the time will come when communities as a whole must use the services of psycholo gists to help adjust human problems.
DEWENTEE SUGGESTS:
for Spring and Summer
A new knitted sleeveless sweater which may be worn under a suit, tweed jacket, or without a coat.
Sleeveless sweaters in many styles of white, gray, and tan priced at $1 00
DEWEINTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
2nd. FLOOR SHOE SALON
We captured the very essence of summer charm for these lovely shoes. They're designed expressly for summer gadding — cool, comfortable and very, very charming to look at and to wear. They're styled perfectly, too—in all they bring you everything you'll want from your new pair of shoes for the season. Be sure to see them.
EVERY WANTED STYLE T-STRAPS TIES PUMPS / BEACH SANDALS FORMALS SPORTS SLIPPERS
Fashions Perforated Tie
LOEB & HENE CO,
2ND FLOOR SHOE SALON
ielder’s.... ....choice By Bill Fifield —
Bob Lemen . . . Purdue’s super track envoy . . . will represent the gold and black in two big meets of national importance . . .to date he IS the only Boilermaker entered in the central intercollegiate track and field championship to be held at Milwaukee, Wis., on June 4, and he IS also Purdue’s lone member of the Big Ten team which will journey to the Pacific Coast to show its strength. —^fc— Speaking of the Big Ten track team . . . they will have to show some rareTorm if they want to cope with the boys on the Pacific Coast . . . in a recent meet at Stanford ten meet records were broken . . . some of the times were ... :20.9 for the 220 .. . :47.7 in the 440 . mile relay 3.12.9 ... all of these times were made by Stanford men, incidentally . . . and another Stanford field event man went on to toss the shot 52 feet 7 5-8 inches . . All of these records are better than any Big Ten performances this season. —fc— Getting back to home ground . . . the S.A.E.’s have tough luck as far as baseball goes . . . last year they were beaten out in the finals by the Sigma Chi’s with a score of 3-2 and this year the Alpha Gamma Rho’s took them into camp with a score of 9-3 .. . —^fc— The S. A E’s were j'ust turned around this year in their box score as compared to last year’s record . in yesterday’s game they garn^ ered three runs and two hits while last year they made two runs on three hits. —^fc— John Graham, the freshman who set the new record in the river swim Wednesday, went great guns in frosh swimming this year .. he won his numerals, swims the 440 and 220 yard dashes, and looks like very good material to bolster up the team next year.
Boilermaker, Gopher Nines Clash Today
Phi Kappa Psi Wins Greek Class ‘A’ Tennis Doubles
By B. D. Witwer Yesterday evening at 5 58, 14 members of the Purdue baseball combine boarded the train bound for Minneapolis where they will tackle the Gopher nine in a double header today. Batteries Coach “Dutch” Fehring indicated yesterday that the batteries would be Arnold Bredewater and Art Bredewater, the catching and hurling twins, for the first game, and Downey on the mound with Bredewater making up the i‘est of the battery for the second game on the program. The Gophers have had an erratic season so far this year as they have been beaten by some mediocre baseball teams, and yet have come out victorious in some of their contests with the better college squads in the country. As it is, the Boiler-
makers will have to play heads up >< ball all of the way if they want to emerge on top as the final inning closes.
Last Game Those men who are making the trip for this last scheduled regular game of the baseball season are Art and Arnold Bredewater, Downey, Heiss, Martin, Malaska, Dean, Waling, Lyboult, Thompson, Bresliji, Poulos, Malysiak, and Bartz. Saturday afternoon at 3.00 all of the varsity except the seniors will meet the freshmen in an exhibition game which will demonstrate the strength of the frosh squad and will give a general review of the available material for next year’s varsity team
Championship Souglit In Ward Golf Finsils
Three aspiring golfers will trek around the allotted course today as they vie for the crown of Ward golf champion. Dearie, Haller, and Kirsch are the trio which will play a three-some in this final round for the coveted trophy.
RAIN OR
SHINE
PURDUE STUDENTS
READ EVERY LINE
\
OF THE EXPONENT
One of the three tennis tournaments, which have been progressing for the past few weeks, was brought to a close yesterday as the Phi Kappa Psi’s defeated the Sigma Alpha Mu class “A” doubles team in two straight sets, 6-2, 6-2 By virtue of the Phi Delta Theta’s victoi^ over the D U’s yesterday in the singles match, the Sammy’s will get a chance at another tennis title today as they play the Phi Delt’s in the finals for the title The other tournament, the class “B” doubles, is still in the semifinal stage and the Triangles will meet the Phi Delt’s this afternoon to decide the finalist which will play off the final round Saturday with the Beta Theta Pi’s,
Thinlies End Track Season
STANDINGS
—National League— Won Lost Pet. Pittsburgh 19 10 .656 New York 20 13 606 St Louis 17 14 548 Chicago 16 16 .500 Brooklyn 14 16 .483 Boston 14 16 466 Philadelphia 13 19 .406 Cincinnati 11 19 .366 Yesterday’s Results New York, 3; Cincinnati, 2. St Louis, 7; Boston, 8 Chicago, 2; Philadelphia, 11. Pittsburgh-Brooklyn. Rain
South Bend will be the focal point for Purdue’s track squad this weekend as they travel to Notre Dame to meet what the state of Indiana has to offer in the way of track competition in the State Meet, Seniors Four seniors will bear the Boilermaker colors for the last time as they Close their records of college sports achievements with the entries of their performances tomorrow. They are Gaptain Williamson, Stewart, Burmeister, and Curran. Eighteen men will make the trip winch, if the meet takes its usual course, will net Purdue a third in the state rating. Notre Dame and Indiana have traditionally fought it out for first place, and the Boilermakers gamer enough points to carry off the remaining honors. Purdue Threats Purdue’s biggest threat will bC Lemen, who will enter the four or five events in whfch he has been taking places all season. The field event men will alSo carry off some points if they continue their past performances and among the rimners, TerhUne is to be watched in the 440 yard dash, Delong in the 100 and 220, Knapp in the mile, and Gutting in the high hiprdles.
—American League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
19
11
.633
Cleveland
15
11
.576
Detroit
17
14
548
Philadelphia
15
13
.535
Boston
13
13
.500
Chicago
13
16
.448
Washington
14
18
.437
St Louis
9
19
.321
Yesterday’s Results
Detroit, 5, New York, 4. (13 inn ) Cleveland, 8; Philadelphia, 7. Washington, 2; Chicago, 1.
St Louis-Boston. Rain.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT
ADVER'nSERS
The Risk Dental Clinic
DE. PAUL A. USE DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RUE DR. LUTHER A. RISE
400 Schultx Bldg. Phone 5701
T
Brodsky, Gardner Reach Tennis Tourney Finals
Leo Brodsky, winner of the upper bracket of the freshman-varsity tennis touranment, will meet Leon Gardner, winner of the lower bracket, in the tourney finals Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock on the varsity courts. Varsity members and outstanding freshmen were entered in this tournament, which has been in progress for several weeks. Both finalists are juniors and varsity members
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
LIVE in the
(y\j4.LCn C^inl)
this Summer.
The Union Club is comfortably conyenient, yes almost luxurious. For the entire summer session— $50.00.
You'll enjoy a delightful summer if you live in the UNION CLUB with modern rooms, daily maid service, telephone and many other conveniences.
Purdue Memorial Union
•?
^ i
''i
I-’’
'tv
iiiai
rnutlim
mmI
Tte jptutrog viteomm
A A .s M
Tan Beta Pi Holds Picnic Tomorrow at Ross Camp Tau Beta Pi, national engineering honorary, will hold its annual spring picnic tomorrow at Ross Camp. The group will leave the Mechanical Engineering Building at 2 o’clock. A baseball game between the actives and the faculty'' will be the highlight of the afternoon.
Senate Petitions (Continued from page 1)
GENERAL ELECTRIC
The best looking fan you’ve, ever seen! Throws it’s cooling breezes far and wide. May be placed anywhere to provide cool, refreshing ''otnfort at the touch of a switch. - 'Now on display in our store. Available in three sizes: SMALL, MEDIUM, LARGE. Prices start at $18.45.
HAYWOODS 5th and Ferry Sts.
juniors, Art Bodeau, D. W. Clugston, P. W. Eckstein, Steve Gutting, Andrew Place, R. M. Sasser, W. H. Smith, Leslie Troutman. W. D. Yeoman, R. C. Z-mmer; seniors, D. D. Baals, R. C. Fatout, J. R. Murray, Dave Thompson. Pharmacy—sophomores, W. T. Sullivan, Robert Zieg; juniors, C. P. Hoffman, R. H. J^cks; seniors, R. L. Wellbrock. R. J. Scymanski (PSE), R. A. Stapleton (PSE), Harvey Behrends (PSE), J. R. Keck (PSE), C. S. Meier (EL), and Robert Schumacher (PSE). Science—sophomores, J. W. Cochrun, R. A. Fanning, Ruth Hall, Marian Phillips; juniors, Bill Feldman, John Griffin, Vii-ginia Laramore, R. E. Skinner, Martha Wood; senioi's, H. J. Rayle. Home Economics — sophomores, Louise Daniels, Frances Raebig, Arline Rothenberger; juniors, Betty Elstun, Jane E. Hackleman, Mary Townsend, Mary E. Wien; seniors. Fay Pendergrass, Lorent Ristow.
Plan Reception For Agriculturist Staff New and old members of the Purdue Agriculturist staff will be given 1 reception this evening at 4 o’clock in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building.
\RE YOU GETTING \N EXPONENTT
Ice Cream - Popcorn Two Summer Foods Created for Health Dad’s Place . • . So Dandy
SAMPLE FARES CHICAGO, ILL. $1.95 CLEVELAND, O. 5.70 CINCINNATI, O. 2.90 COLUMBUS, O. 4.10 NEW YORK, N. Y. 13.40 PHILA., PA. 12.15 PITTSBURGH, PA. 7.10 INDIANAPOLIS 1.15 EVANSVILLE, IND. 4.15 DAYTON, O. . 3.00 WASH’TON, D. C. 11.40 BOSTON, MASS. 15.60 BUFFALO, N. Y. 8.70 HAMMOND, IND. ... 1.75 ST. LOUIS, MO. . .. 4.90
Impossible? Not on your life! You’ll hit the old home tovim in unprecedented affluence. The magic formula is simply this—go by Greyhound. It costs only ^ as much as driving even a small car—^and a lot less than any other means of travel. Best of all, you’ll enjoy the trip—a good crowd, a comfortable ride. For facts, figures and such see your local Greyhound agent at the address below. GREYHOUND TERMINAL PURDUE UNIVERSITY Lafayette, Ind. UNION BUS STATION 5th & Perry Sts. Phone 2105
Lafayette Patriots To Observe Memorial Day Monday Morning In recognition of Memorial Day, various patriotic groups in Lafayette will enact traditional exercises including salutes by firing squads and the sounding of taps. At 11 Monday morning, members of G. A. R., assisted by other organizations, will carry out the usual Brown street bridge ceremony. A parade will leave the court house at 10:30, headed for the bridge. Flowers will be scattered upon the water in memory of those who died at sea. A salute will be fired and taps will be sounded at this point. In accordance to the custom of recent years, 29 white crosses will be erected on the lawn of the corner of the Lafayette Armory grounds in memory of the deceased Battery C men of the Rainbow diVision. A wreath and a flag will be placed on each cross, and a painted rainbow will be erected in the background.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main struct. Phone 2779.
Lost—Lambda Chi pin on or near the campus. Reward.
For Rent—Two double downstairs rooms $6. Two double upstairs rooms $5. C^ll 71834. 311 Waldi’on street. Men preferred .
Lost—Gold Hamilton wrist watch in Union Building, Thursday night.
Sentimental value. Reward. R. E. Long, 6067.
For Rent—^Roottis for girls, single beds, hot water every day. 206 ^heetz street.
For Sale—’36 Ford V-8 Roadster deluxe equipment, radio, heater, etc. $380. For sale by owner. Call 6806 after 7:30 p. m.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house —PAKER.
Military Students—Any freshman or sophmore who was awarded a medal in the Best Soldier contest may have the same by callins in the Supply Room Please get them as soon as possible —WHISTLER. A. S. M. E.—Election meeting May 28 at 4 p. m. in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. —WELDY.
Radio Club—Last meeting of the year will be held 7:30 p m May 28 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. All keys must be turned in —BERNSTEIN.
N. Y. A. Workers—N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are now available in the cashier’s office in the Executive
Aeronautical University Covemment Approved Vivnv State Accredited I vnB Coursee in; AERONAUTICAL ENGINEERING (B. S. Degree) Licensed Mechanics . . Administration Day and Evening Courses in all Aeronautical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previonsly taken. Wonderful opportunities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet “AVIATION AS A CAREER.” Aeronautical University Curtiss-Wright Bldg. Dept. P. E., 1338 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago. Tel. Victory 2733
RtCVP'E. BOO HI.
We Wrote the Book
One week of trying out the tasteful array of pastries and desserts you can get here will convince you we must have written the book of summertime recipes in bakery goods. If you want delicious, healthful “sweets” for the house—you want a daily desserts snack from GRAVES’.
GRAVES’ Quality BAKERY
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
GOING HOME BY PLANE T. W. A.
For Reservations — Fares
UNION BUS STA1 Stb And Ferry
ION Phone 2106
Building, " ‘ -r-HOLLteyrSBEE. Basic Military Students—Atiy basic student who has not turned in his uniform should do So before May 29 at noon. —WHISTLER.
Woman’s Physical Educatlonr—'Itnowledge test in all spring activities will be given at 4 p. m. May 28. Students report as follows: Archery. Tennis (restricted)—Woolen’s Gsrmnasium. Baseball, Horseback Riding—Education Building 201. Dancing —• Engineering Administration Building 102. Bowling — Engineering Administration Building 104. Golf—Engineering Administration Building 208. Swimming—Biology lecture room. The practical test in horseback riding will be held at 4 p. m. May 31 at the Women’s Gymnasium. Wear riding clothes. Locks should be turned in May 31 and June 1. —HAZELTON.
Catholic Students—All catholn; students interested in a co-op house meet in Memorial Union Building May 28 at 4 p. m, —OTTENWELLER.
A. S. M. E. Seniors—Get letters front ^ die at instrument room (n steam labor tory by June 4. _vYeIlDy.
Skull and Crescent—Sophomores who ordered keys get them at the Sign^a Phi Epsilon House. Others may order at any time before June 8. —HARDIN. W. S. G. A. Executive Board—Meeting May 28 at B p. m. in W. S. G. A. office. Very important. —STEWART.
Old and New Reamer Officers—Special meeting May 28 at 7 p. m. in the Union Building. Bring all old club books and records. Be sure to attend or notify me. Phone 7468. —ROSS.
Peace Committee—Executive meeting May 28 at 4 p. m. in Room D of the Memorial Union Building. Plans for next year’s program will be made at this time. —BUCKLES. P. I, A. Orchestra—Practice May 28 in the tower room at 7 p. m. —SHINN.
—c
Where You'll Find Them.., Men make a habit of coming here for their PALM BEACH SUITS . because we make a hobby of having what they want . . . Sizes to fit all comers... Colors that cover all occasions... Weaves and patterns that tell the last news In style ^ . . . And service that has won this store its
staunch good will.
$10.75
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP
414 Main
WHOOPS, VACATIONEERS.. Let staunch, dependable Railway Express ship your baggage, bundles and boxes straight home. Top speed. Low cost. Real economy. Pickup and delivery without extra charge —in all cities and principal towns—and send collect if you want to. Just phone the nearest Railway Express office when to call. Easy as that, and believe us, you’ll relax contentedly in your Pullman.
Railw.
XPRESS
agency^S^Inc.
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE