"^ i> >'>' -^r j/’^f*'" j-'-M '(■'‘f'v
.'I
m:::Z:Ei
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, October 1, 1937
NUMBER 16
Co-eds Will Register For Rush Today From 10-2
Registration for formal sorority rush will be held today from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m. in the women’s lounge in the Union Building. Those who register will pay a preliminary $2 fee. Names of co-eds who register will be given to rush captains for each* sorority, who can then send invitations for the various functions to rushees.
Issue Tryout Call For Varsity Jobs On Debate Squad
With conference debates fast approaching, tryout call has been issued for positions on the men’s varsity debate squad. All applicants will report Tuesday, at 4 p. m. to room 301 in University Hall. Debate aspirants will be required to give a five minute talk on some phase of the subject: “Resolved: That the Several States Should Adopt a Unicameral System of Legislation.” This is the subject selected by the Big Ten debate league for this fall’s debates.
Several members of last year’s varsity squad are back on the campus again this year and are expected to try out. L. S. Winch says, “Anyone who has interest and a leasonable amount of ability should tiy out. Experience, while valuable, lb not necessaiy.”
Poultrymen Elect Hickey President
C. P. Hickey, of Muncie, was elected president of the State Poultry Association at the regular business meeting held here yesterday in connection with the three-day educational conference which ends today. Hobait Creighton, of Warsaw, president of the association for the past yeai, was named to succeed Hale Thompson, of Williams, as a member of the University Agricultural Expel iment Station advisory board.
Resolutions were adopted by the as.sociation paying tribute to the helpful services rendered by many University departments during the past year.
Frosh Subscriptions Swell Scrivener List
With the addition of 435 freshman subscribers, Scrivener magazine’s sales now total approximately 600.
The tables which have been in the halls of the University Building during the last four days will be in the same places Thursday and Friday of next week for those freshmen who have not yet paid for subscriptions.
Scrivener, only campus literary magazine, has recently been adopted by the English department of the University as a text for freshmen.
The subscription list is expected to reach 800 as the result of the Scrivener Club’s intensive subscription drive.
Greenly To Confer With Michigan TJ, Dean Today
Professor Russel J. Greenly, of the University division of education and applied psychology, will be at the University of Michigan, at Ann Arbor, today to confer with Michigan Education Dean Dr. J. B. Edmonson, regarding expansioVi of the depaitment of education at Michigan. Greenly has been developing a program in this state in cooperation with industry and the University of Michigan wishes to inaugulate a similar plan in that state.
Formal rush, preceded by a three week period of “getting acquainted” will last only a week. Preference night and a formal'dinner will follow the open house, three informal dinners, and rush scheduled by each organization. Each sorority will be permitted to decide for itself how many women it will pledge, the Pan-Hellenic Council decreed last week. The large number of rushees and the impossibility of allotting fairly a certain number of pledges to each house was given as the reason for the new no-quota system. Captains Opine Rush captains of the six soiorities, when interviewed last night gave conflicting opinions: Frances Eastburn, Alpha Chi Omega, said, “Deferred rush is all right, but we should begin rush the week after freshmen register. Three weeks before rush takes too much time from upperclassmen’s studies.” Ernestine Brown, Alpha Xi Delta, stated, “Pm not in favor of deferred rush. It is very upsetting for both rushees and actives. There are so many opportunities for cutthroating and dirty rush.” Studies Undamaged Chi Omega’s captain Marian Groves, feels that “freshmen co-eds and sorority girls can get to know each other through the pre-rush period. It is as good as it could be, probably. It doesn’t take too much time from studies, nor will formal rush, because of the 8:30 night limit.” Georgianna Pittman, Pi Beta Phi, said, “Deferred rush interferes with studies and activities of actives and freshmen. Have rush a week or two weeks after school opens. Girls and sororities would still get to know each other, and it would take less time. Concentrate it; don’t extend it unless rush is delayed to the second semester.” One Week Better Louise Bain, Kappa Kappa Gamma, announced that she is very much in favor of deferred rush. “This way, both girls and sororities know each other and are better adjusted and satisfied. Rush at the opening of school was so wearing and harum scarum. Only one week of formal rush will be less nerve racking, too.” Kappa Alpha Theta Frances Ford said, “The theory of deferred rush is good, but three weeks is too long. A week or two weeks after school begins would be better. Probably each house will get a better pledge class, too.”
Roger Williams Club Will Picnic At Cabin Tomorrow
Roger Williams club members will picnic tomorrow aftfelmo^ at the cabin of E. B. Vawter, A'-miles north of Lafayette, on the Wabash. Vawter ipvites all Baptist students and their friends to join the group tomorrow. The program committee has planned an afternoon of ball games, athletic contests, and boating, followed by a bean supper. Transportation to the cabin will be furnished from the We^t Side Baptist church at 1 o’clock.
Prof. Murphy Will Discuss
Eastern Crisis Sunday
Professor Charles B. Murphy will discuss “Neutrality and the Par Eastern Situation” at the weekly meeting of the Sunday Evening Club at the Central Presbyterian Church.
The Club meets at 6 o’clock for -.upper with the discussion beginning promptly at 7.
Pontiac Broadcast Ticket Distribution
To Begin Monday
Pontiac Varsity Show tickets will be distributed to students at a special desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building from 11 a.m. till 10 p. m. Monday. Ducats to the broadcast, which will be aired October 8, at 8 p. m., will be distributed first. When this supply is exhausted, tickets to the dress rehearsal will be given out. This performance will be put on October 8 ,at 5 p. m. A preview of the show will be given Thursday, October 7, at 8 p. m.. Tickets to this performance will be distributed when dress rehearsal tickets are gone. Tickets will be distributed to the general public at a time and place to be announced later. There will be from 2,500 to 3,000 seats available for each performance.
Union To Preview
New Variety Hour
Preview of the Student Union’s initial Variety Hour has been called for tonight at 7:15 in the Union ballroom by Tom Garland, vicepresident” in charge. Admission is free, and the student body is urged to attend by Student Union officials. The program for the evening is as follows: Theme song. Band—“Im Hatin’ This Waitin’ Around,” Pat Clinton and the boys. Rhythm Swingsters—Mary Ellen Foresman, Bob Heine, and Jeanne Beemei: (1) “The Moon Got in My Eyes” (2) “Stop, Your Breakin’ My Heart.” (3) “Sweet Sue.” Piano Solo—Fiank Schaefei: (1) “Swamp Fire.” (2) “Gone With the Wind.” (3) “Mr. Ghost Goes to Town.” Band—“Ole King Cole.” Dave Thompson-—Lapidus Story. Solo—Mary Ed Johnston “Me, Myself and I.” Band: (1) “Limehouse Blues.” (2) “I’ve Got My Love to Keep Me Warm.” Jerry Ciral—Impersonator “The Hunter and the Bird.” Duet—Mai ge Starett and Sal Palma “Sweetheart.” Piano Solo—Russ Mock (Expect anything from “Marie” to the “Marseillaise.”) Solo—Marge Starrett, “Goodnight, My Love.” Band—-“He Ain’t Got Rhythm.” Theme Song.
Ag Freshmen Will
Meet Staff Tonight
An Opportunity for freshman agriculture students to become better acquainted with their instructors will be offered tonight at 7 o’clock, when the annual frosh reception is held in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. This annual affair is sponsored by Ceres, Alpha Zeta, Forestry, Etymology, Dairy, Horticulture, Poultry, Farm Management, and Animal Husbandry, agricultural^ groups. The Ceres Club is planning the program which includes refreshments followed by games and stunts presented by the different agricultural clubs.
List Rooming Houses In 1937-38 Directory
All houses which room ten or more persons will appear in a new section of the 1937-38 student directory, according to F. I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men. Proof is being read for the directory and will be posted soon for corrections. Goldsmith stated that the new directory promised to be the earliest issue ever put out by the University.
Fall Dance Opens PI A Social Season
Starting its social season for the year, the Purdue Independent Association will give its annual fall dancq in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tonight from 9 till 12.
Cocky Robbins and his swing band, featuring Arlene Owens,
blonde vocalist, and the Robin Hood trio, will furnish the music for the dance.
Students may not purchase membership cards at the dance. The admission at the door will be one dollar. However, memberships may be purchased at the P. I. A. office, which will be open this evening from 4 till 6, or from P. I. A. salesmen who are selling memberships on the campus.
Plans Complete For University Faculty Picnic Tomorrow
Plans are complete for the annual University Club picnic and outing tomorrow afternoon and evening at Ross Camp. The event is for all the members of the University faculty and staff and their families.
“We hope that every teacher, research, or extension worker who is in Lafayette this week-end will attend with the members of his or her family,” said Professor Prank C. Hockema, president of the University Club yesterday.
F. C. Gaylord, vice-president, is in general charge of the entertainment program, which will start at 2:30. Picnic supper will be served at 5 o’clock, and music by the Poster Hall quartet from Indianapolis will follow.
Ohio Bound Varsity Hears
Acclaim Of Send-Off Fans
1300 Rooters Gather At Big Four Station
By Dorothea Justin
Thirteen hundred Boilermaker fans roared luck and Godspeed to the Ohio State bound gridders last night at the Big Four railroad station. Twelve hundred loyal students gathered in the village to parade across the levee behind the AllAmerican Purdue band to the sendoff. Other send-off friends joined the procession of sweatered, beerjacketed, bareheaded students. At the station, tavern keepers. Second street bar flies, dull eyed prostitutes and street urchins attached themselves to the mob. Five scrawny ragamuffins were enthusiastic atoms in the homogeneous mass of people. Students Swarm Students swarmed over trunk racks, mail carts, automobiles^— anything that would bring them above the crowd, to see the team and the band gymnastics. Assistant Band Leader C. M. Jorgeson, erect and resplendent, in senior cords, kept the crowd awed at a distance by the startling antics ,bf his long baton. Through the stirring strains of “Hail, Purdue,” train whistles shrieked; cars loaded with husky football men slipped away from the platform. The band marched off, much of the crowd close behind it. Student filled cars headed toward town. Gimlets headed toward the theaters to prevent a mob entrance. Lively send-off, lively students — loyal Boilermakers all.
Elward Plans Use Of Last Week's Line-up
Union Releases Campys Dance Schedule
Free of conflicts and approved by University authorities, the following schedule for campus dances in the Union ballroom was released for publication last night. All Saturday nights but the night of the Union Show are devoted to mixers. Several open Fridays are also scheduled for mixers.
October 1—P. I. A. Dance. October 15—Wesley Foundation Folk Dance. October 22—Gold Diggers. November 5—Military Ball. November 12—Barnyard Frolic. November 26—Union Anniversary Dance. December 10—W. A. A. Winter Dance. December 17—P. I. A. Christmas Dance. January 7—Sigma Pi Dance. January 14—Sigma Delta Chi Dance.
February 4—Miami Triad. February 11—Inter-Fraternity Ball. February 18—Scabbard and Blade Dance. Febi’uary 25—Women’s PanHellenic Dance. March 11—Sophomore Cotillion March 18—All Ag Dance. March 25—Gold Peppers. May 6—P. 1. A. Dance. May 13—Mortar Board Dance. May 20—Cary Club Dance. May 27—Union Summer Formal.
Hopes for honors in the Big Ten race now rest on the shoulders of 36 Boilermakers that embarked last night for their tilt with the Buckeyes at Columbus, 0., tomorrow. This game will headline the weekend’s grid card in the Middle West the winner being given more than an even chance to take top place in the race. Experts have granted the edge to the Ohio team by'at least one touchdown. Use Veterans The Purdue eleven will build their attack around the veterans Cecil Isbell, Bill Vergane, Jim Zachary, and
Five radio stations will broadcast the Purdue-Ohio State football game tomorrow from Columbus, O., according to the Ohio State athletic authorities. The game will start at 1 p.m. (CST), and may be heard over stations WTAM, WOSU, WBNS, XCOL, and WHKZ.
Don Powell, who will probably compare more than favorably with any foursome of pass-handlers in the country. Acting Coach Mai Elward expects to start the same lineup that defeated Butler in the season’s opener here last Saturday. Capt. Martin Schreyer and Clem Woltman, the “tackle twins” who are conceded to be the country’s best, will probably be more than able to hold their own with the Bucks, but the big cloud hangs over the guard and center positions. Centers, Guards Paul Humphrey, Capt. Bell’s understudy last year, along with Augie Morningstar, a promising sophomore, and Basil Petry, are the Boilermakers’ best bets at center, while the guard posts remain a tossup between a quintet of possibilities.
'Red' Nichols Plays At
Combined Fraternity
Pledge Dance Tonight
AlChE Forms Plans
For Coming Season
With this fall’s plans closely following the program laid out last year, the Purdue branch of the A. I. Ch. E. announced yesterday that they planned to follow their custom of awarding the present sophomore who had the highest scholastic index in his freshman year with a “Handbook of Chemistry and Physics” and a certificate of merit. The recipient of this honor has not yet been named, but will be soon.
Of primai’y importance now is the membership drive being carried on in co-operation with the Purdue Engineer.
Membership may be obtained to the A. I. Ch. E. together with a subscription to the Engineer for the price of $1, while A.I.Ch.E. membership alone costs 50 cents.
Anyone desiring to take advantage of either of these offers may do so by contacting R. P. Griffenhagen, senior, J. H. Jacobi, junior, or C. B. Patrick, sophomore, chemical engineers.
Hauser, Schickler
Chosen WRH Prexies
Genevieve Hauser was elected president of the North wing and Louise Schickler was re-elected president of the South wing in a Women’s Residence Hall election last night.
Other officers elected were: for the North wing, vice-president and social chairman, Ruth Randall; sec-retary-treasurer, Jane Black; South wing, vice-president and social chairman Rosemary Fiel; secretarytreasurer, Ruth Bennett.
Automotive Engineers Attend Chicago Meeting Accompanied by professor H. M. Jacklin of the mechanical engineering school, a group of automotive engineering graduate students will attend the Mid-West transportation meeting of the Society of Automotive Engineers in Chicago today. The Electromotive Corporation and the Universal Oil Pi-oducts Corporation will be inspected during the visit.
“Red” Nichols and his Pennies will play for a quadrangular fraternity pledge dance tonight from 9 to 12 at Lincoln Lodge. Delta Chi, Phi Kappa Psi, Pi Kappa Alpha, and Pi Kappa will join in sponsoring the affair. Nichols and his “torrid trumpet” have been heard for 65 weeks on NBC Kellogg College ’Proms, and for a year on the CBS hook-up. He has been the star attraction at large hotels, night clubs, and ballrooms, and has made records for both Brunswick and Victor. This is the first year that these fraternities have banded together for their joint affair. Fraternity president&iexpect 250 couples at the dance.
Final Services For
E. E. Reynolds Today
Memorial services will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock for Edward E. Reynolds, late member of the electrical engineeinng staff,'^t the Reynolds' residence, 633 North Sixth street. The body was cremated in Indianapolis. Reynolds died Wednesday morning in the Indianapoljs Methodist Hospital following a surgical operation Saturday. He had been in poor health for several months. Reynolds was a member of the University faculty until 1905, following his graduation in 1894. After 24 years of agricultural work he returned to the University again in 1929. Since that time he had been associated with the electrical engineering school.
Mm<mp
m
.t
■
li--
il'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. October 1, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Foanded in 1889
REPRBSENTBD FOR NA11
MEMBER
P^socitttrd €foUgotate ^tcss
kDVERTISING by
National Advertising Semce, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston • Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITORrIN-CHIEF .
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER ...... D. C. Miller
This newspaper written, edited, and published by undergrraduate students of Purdue University. All op^n^ ions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student oi^inions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tdr-in-Chief.
Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR , J. E. Brock ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Kellbr, R. J; Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson.
Co-ed Staff
..Elizabeth Pyke
CO-ED EDITOR..... —...
associate EDltORS........Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS .....Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local AdvertiMng Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER...... R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W, A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS... ,.J. R. Fouts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER...., M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS ._...W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E, Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR.. R. F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. ! . SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS... G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W- F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR...
H. 1. Stanback ISSUE EDITOR. Friday, October 1, 1937
.R. J. Deckard
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
of their opponents, “Spots” Emrick’s military band strikes up “Hail, Purdue.” The team comes to a halt and stands at attention while spectators rise and join in the singing of the school song.
For Gridiron Color
Somewhere about this time the Purdue emblem is raised on a flagpole. Better still, the national anthem is played as the Star Spangled Banner is hoisted, and then Purdue’s flag run up to the tune of “Hail, Purdue.”
Since Saturday’s football game with Butler the suggestion has come to us that future home grid contests be launched with more ceremony than has been the haphazard practice of the past. Supporters of the idea think more color, show of school loyalty and of patriotism can be added to the games, and inspiration injected into Boilermaker gridiron performers by pre-game demonstrations.
Sportswomen Eled Tubbs
Purdue Sportswomen, honorary booster organization for co-eds who have earned 1,000 points in W. A. A. activities, elected Emily Tubbs as president at a meeting held early this week. It was decided by popu lar vote that all members would wear their recognition sweaters one day a week, preferably on Wednesday.
At this point, someone, perhaps the secretary of the alumni association, delivers a charge to the Purdue players such as, “Captain Schreyer and Boilermaker gridiron heroes, we charge you . . . ” Fill in your own words.
Here’s a sketchy conception of the inaugural form. As the Boilermakers rush onto the fleld from their dressing room, ahead
Then the band sweeps the chords of “Hail, Hail, The Gang’s All Here,” the gridders begin tossing and booting the pigskin around, and spectators settle in their seats.
We think the idea, has possibilities. What is your reaction ?
Letters To The Editor
Challenge P. S. E. Claims
Dear Editor: We, the undersigned, wish to make public the fact that we, the seniors in the school of industrial education, were present 100 per cent in the senior “Cord Day” parade and wish to declare our eligibility for the G. A. Young trophy. R. W. Green, IE ’38 C. H. Gardner, IE’38 D. G. Moore, IE ’38 D. E. Taylor, IE ’38 J. W. Varley, IE ’38 R. N. Paradise, IE ’38 E. Fj< Blickenstaff, IE ’38 . C. G. Stillman, IE ’38
Editor’s Note: As far as we can learn any University school
is eligible to compete for the trophy. First the Public Service Engineering seniors report a perfect attendance and now the Industrial Education class of 1938 boasts a 100 per cent turnout. Can any other school offer a similar record?
Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
93
56
.624
Chicago
91
60
.603
Pittsburgh ,
82
68
.547
St. Louis
80
71
.630
Boston
78
74
.513
Brooklyn
61
89
.407
.Philadelphia
60
89
.404
Cincinnati
56
94
.373
-Results—
New York, 2-2; Philadelphia, 1-6. Chicago, 4; Cincinnati, !. Pittsburgh 4; St. Louis, 3. Boston, 6-3: Brooklyn, 2-2.
FORTUNE SHOES
$
4
Mo(t Stylo
Leading the trend to grey shoe styles are our new Fortunes in smart Grey Rugby Buck. Styles are specified to go with the newest suitings of the season—come in and let us show you just the shoe f6r informal and sports wear this Fall... $4, most styles.
Exclusive Agent for Jarman Friendly $5.00 Bostonian $7.50
B & W SHOE CO. 121 North 4th Street
SEE THE SIGNED O.K. CERTIFICATE WITH YOUR FORTUNE SHOES
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
100
50
.662
Detroit
87
64
.576
Chicago
83
68
.550
Cleveland
82
70
.639
Boston
79
69
.530
Washington
72
78
.480
Philadelphia
61
88
.351
St. Louis
46
104
.307
-Results
Washington,. 4-3 ; Boston, 3-9. Philadelphia, 8-6 ; New York, 3-3. Cleveland, 6-4.; Chicago, 4-1. St, Louis, 10 ; Detroit, 3.
PIGGLY
WIGGLY
ADillN
ROAST LEG oFLAMS
CURRANT JELLY MINTED PINEAPPLE JELLY
Biawiieil Potatoes • COFFEE
UMm, HELD OVER!
THRU SATURDAY By Popular Demand
§1:11 UA IMULAS
BARBARA STANWYCK JOHN BOLES . ANNE 'SHIRLEY
Today —Saturday DOUBLE ATTRACTION
ipp
Plus —
Official Exclusive Motion Pictures of the Carnival of WORLD’S CHAMPIONS 4 Championship Bouts
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
—PLUS— A Murdered Man’s Son Fights for the Killer’s Life! In “It Could Happen To You” with ALAN BAXTER ANDREA LEEDS
Also Mickey Mouse
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
Vva, 19M lljr United Fmtare Svikdlpnie, Ine.
‘Sure she’s lucky, but she isn’t satisfied—she want a typewriter.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TODAY - SATURDAY 2 First Run Hits
BOB LIVINGSTON IN
‘Come on Cowboys” —Plus— LYLE TALBOT
‘Westbound Limited”
ARC
TODAY - SATURDAY Tim McCoy
“ACES AND EIGHTS” —ALSO— Charles Quigley and
Rosiland Keith
“FIND THE WITNESS” —PLUS— “Robinson Crusoe No. 6’ —and— Cartoon
T HOUGH the Bell System is made up of 315,000 men and women serving every corner of the country, its structure is simple. m The American Telephone and Telegraph Company coordinates all system activities. It advises on all phases of telephone operation and searches constantly for improved methods. ^ The 25 associated operating companies, each attuned to the area it serves, provide local and toll service. 1 Bell Telephone Laboratoricb carries on scientific research and development. Western Electric is the Bell System’s manufacturing, purchasing and distributing unit. The Long Lines Department of American Telephone and Telegraph interconnects through it^ country-wide network of wires the 25 operating companies and handles overseas service. Thanks to the teamwork of these Bell System units, you can talk to almost anyone, anywhere, anytime —at low cost!
■L'wm
Friday, October 1/ 1937
THE f»OBDUE EXPOWBNT
WEST
SIDE
CLEANERS
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 40^81
DEWENTER’S Handles a full exclusive line of Arrow Shirts in Lafayette 416 Main
Martin Andrew Schreyer, this year’s Boilermaker football captain, is the man of the hour, and consequently the subject of our first life history . . . perhaps he is better known all over the campus as “Marty” ... to the alumni, watching the football games he is number “42”. :—^fc— Before coming to Purdue, Schreyer spent his life in South Bend . . . attended South Bend Central and spent his four years of high school life playing football ... Central won the Northern Indiana High School championship during Marty’s last two years . . ,, in his junior year he played tackle and during his senior year he switched to center. —^fc— : Upon entering Purdue, Marty
chose the science school in which to do his studying, and the football team for his outside activity ... he started at the center position but soon switched to tackle and has there since. _fo— Born on December 7,1915, Marty has been developing through his 21 years 9 months and 23 days until he has reached a size of six feet, three inches and weight of 220 lbs. ... thus we can truthfully say hc is far from being
puny, fc—^
He is a member of Delta Upsilon fraternity and spends his free time when he isn’t practicing football, playing on the fraternity basketball and baseball teams . . . Although he sees quite a number of shows, he does not have any favor-
ARE YOU TRUMP POOR? • If you can’t boast of at least one New Trump shirt in your collection, you’re missing part of your college education. The New Trump will wear well and look smart semester after semester, because of Arrow’s specially woven soft collar that refuses to give up. ■^2 Mitoga—form-fit Sanforiged-Shrunk ARROW SHIRTS and TIES
In the
Every Room ATTRACTIVELY FURNISHED
Private Bath, Telephone and Modern, Comfortable Furniture
IMMACULATELY CLEAN
Please Your Guests by Making Reservations JfuL
UniofL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Men Look! Autumn Values
SHIRTS - - - - - - The shirts you’ve been waiting for to complete your fall wardrobe — solids, checks, stripes and whites 98c TRENCH COATS . .. . .^ $2.98 CORDS. ... ... ... . J2.98 Slide Rule Pocket SWEATERS .. . ... .. . ...$2.98 CORD COATS ... ... ...$6,48 LEATHER HOUSE SLIPPERS $1.98
224 Main St.
R
ELIABLE
LOTH INC
C
o
224 Main St.
Nine Cross Country Runners Leave For
ite screen star.
-fc-
Upon graduation Marty plans to get a coaching job or work for the Sharon Steel Company in Sharon, Pennsylvania . . . having spent his summers working for the Sharon company.
SOFTBALL. SCHEDULE % TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— Triangle vs. Acacia. ' 2— Delta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha 3— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Sgima Kappa 4— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Theta Xi 5— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Pi Kappa Phi 7— —Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Pi Phi 9— Faculty vs. Beta Theta Pi 11— Sigma Pi ys. Alpha Gamma Kho 12— Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Chi 13— Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi 14— Theta Tau vs. Phi Delta Theta 16—lAlpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Gamma Delta 16— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Pi Kappa Alpha 17— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Kappa Delta . Rho 18— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. _ ■
SENIOR-FACULTY TENNIS TODAY—4 :15 Billings vs. Housekeeper Baugh vs. Brodsky or Chenoweth G. T. Miller vs. F. D. Martin Wilkins vs. H. C. Huffman Ayer vs. Richey or Morse
JUNIOR TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Richardson vs. Ruth or J. H. Johnson
SOPHOMORE TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Frye vs. L. W. Meyer Woodson vs. McGrath or D. C. Meyer
At 6:30 this morning, nine crosscountry men who proved their prowess as runners yesterday in the first elimination time trials of the year, left in two cars for Pittsburgh, Pa., where they will encounter the Pitt Panthers tomorrow morning, Bodeaa First Seventeen trackmen turned out to run over the new three and one-half mile course laid out by Coach Phillips, trying to gain a berth on the squad. The first man.to cross the finish line was Art Bodeau, who made the distance in 19.1 minutes. The eight others who came in to gain a trip to Pitt wer^ Knapp, Marozick, Long, Goory, Mazur, Bell, Gaulke, and DenzlerLook Over Course After arriving at the Smoky City the squad will go out over the Pitt course to get acquainted with the lay of the land, and then will take it easy until the time of the meet. At 10:30 tomorrow morning they will put on their running togs and take on their Eastern opponents, who are paced by Johnny Woodruff of Olympic half-mile fame.
FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY—4:15 Powell vs. Curry Wagner or Brockman vs. R. W. Anderson or Fleming Darrow vs. Campbell or Frey Goodwin vs. Reese . Caldwell vs. Hargesheimer
For The School Girl /’VENUS" GoIIege Girl BANDETTES They Give the Proper Support to Lithe Young Figures.
Uplift bust type—lace net lined—lower part of satin —narrow back with elastic. Some are lace. Sizes 32 to 36.
$1 00
3 styles. Fancy soft silk material . . . pre-shrunk plain broadcloth . . . preshrunk broadcloth bust, net lace lined. 50c and 59c
THIEME & WAN6ERIN CO.
622-624-626 Main Street
»the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores — SQUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bl^g. Phone 5701 — Florist ” dhih J-IoAisd Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050 — Auto Rental —— Rent a Car Drive It Yourself THAYER’S GARAGE Main & South W. Lafayette Phone 51784
- Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
— Dress Shop — Val-U Dress Shop 430 Main St. —■ Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Pri. KIENLY ^ BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727 —'Furniture — Student Equipment
Jjujinibjuut (fia* 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728[A
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 1, 1937
Local Ads
FOR SALE—Undeiwood poi table tvpe^^lltel Good as new 146 Pieice stieet Phone 75164 Call aftei noon^ 01 evening''
TYPEWRITERS — Adding ma chines sold pui chased lented and lepiiied Supplies Multigiaph and miineos:! aph w oi k C F Ebershoff 605 Main «ti ett
FOR RF\T—Room foi two giils at '^00 G11 held coinei of Evei gictn one block east of Fuldhouse Pi ivate famili
FOR RENT — Half of double 1 oom foi man 403 Maple at Quin c\ All new fuimtuie
W 4NTED—Student foi pait time woik Must have meat expeiience Millei Meat Maiket, 113 Vine
FOR SALE—Undeiwood poit able typewiitei Good as new 146 Pieice stieet Phone 75964 Call afternoons oi evenings
TRUMPET MAN— Expeiienced wants position in dance oichestia Phone 61572
LOST —Waltham wiistwatch last Fiidaj duiing pep session Findei call Kappa Sigma
WANTED—One E flat alto sax man Call 3766
M ANTED—Student to caii’\ eve ning spoit edition loute Indianap oils News J L Long 17 South Second stieet
FOR RENT—Nice double loom veiy close in to Umveisity 100 Sylvia stieet Phone 76252
AC-DC table ladios, built-m aeiial $15 00 Retailed for $29 60. Call 45352
Notices
Sophomore Engnneers Drawing plates for semester 1 PM 12 and semester 2 PM 11 and PM 12 may be had at room 202 Michael Golden Shops until October 4 —RISING
University Students The following stu dents are to report to the Student Health Service before noon October 2 Malcolm Adams Henry Agonis Paul Al Icmang Wairen Archibald Frank Balog lack Barnette Jay Beamei Alfred Bei g r Robeit Best Edward Blake F W Bloom Roger Bone Robert Book James E Boss Rex Bostwick Donald Boynton Pat nek Brtman Paul Brown Oscar Brunn K nneth Burns James Cahill George Cal cit Paul J Carr Joe Cavanagh Merton Ckvett Robeit Coddington Isadoi Cohen Neil Collings, Lowell Cotjipton I rancis Connolly Everett Cook bean Cooper Ihomas Cooper CKience Corn Paul Crooks Tom Crowdon Charles Craven Joe C 11 ingham Otto Czvizler James Daily Robeit L Daniels F L Dapowski John Deal R F DcHoog A R Dickey Donald Oobbie Jack Dobson George Doherty Wil lam Donnelly Geoige Doty Clifford Doyle Joseph D iBois Jay Dubore Cyrus Dyer Jaj Ecklebaiger D A Edmondson Gene Ehrlick John Emmert Charles Feldt Rob eit r nch William 1 indt Robert Fisher R C Fleming P K hranklin Herbert
Girt Charles Goddard Carroll Goetz George Graves Frank Gray Edward Grier A W Grimm Richard Groff Frank Gustainis Richaid Haentjens C C Hale Theodore Haminan Carl Hansing Paul Hardy Jhy Haiiison William Hartnett Fletcher Hatch Ralph E Hawker Dan Heiple John Henderson Ralph Hig man Max Hillmer E W Hincks John Hluchan John Holloway Kenneth Houston John Howerton William Illsley Joseph In man B S Jackewicz Charles Jackson Walter Jacoby Delmer James Paul Jai mott Alan Johnson Marvin Johnson Rich ard Johnson Lee Karns I ester Kase Mar vin Keenan Wilton Kenney Noiman Kerb by I rank Khan Robert Kilgore Max Kin tigh Robert Klein James Kline George Knapp George Kohlmeier Richard Kolp George Kowalchuk Howard Krick Casi mir Krzewinski William Kuster Harry Kwasny C E Lay den John Layson How ard Lee Don Libengood William Lindsay Austen Lord David Lower Heniy Luhr man Stanley Lukawski Frank Mackin William Maish I W Maleck Thomas Mann Ralph Manning Willard Martin John Maudlin Hugh Maxwell William Me Adam Mac McCarter McCauley Ward McDowell W McEllhiney Robert McGhee I rank McGinnis E A McQuil Ian Barney Mead Fiederich Mendez D R Mennen I red Mentzer K R Michel E P Miles Phill Miller William R Millei Raymond Mino W E Mitchell Gordon Monagl an Geoige Mooie Clair More James Morton John Mote Fred Mott and Boar Iraan S Mowry MILLER Representatives From Women s Residence Houses Meet in W S G A office on Goto ber 6 at 4 p m —I EAMING W A A Tennis The following games must be played by October 2 Bryant vs DeWitt Stephenson vs Burtsfield Harlem
I OST—K and E log log decitiig slido lule Fmdei call Bakei, 5021 Rev ai d
FOR SALE—7 tube 1937 model
Do you blame your toaster?
WHY?
Is the bread dry and all wholesome goodness lack ng"^ Don't blame your toaster—give it a break and try the bread with the extra homey flavor Graves quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
FRIDAY, OCT. 8I!i PURDUE NIGHT
PAUL DUMONT Master of Ceremonies
YOU ARE INVITED TO SEE AND HEAR THIS GREAT COAST-TO-COAST RADIO PROGRAM, FEATURING THE CREAM OF CAMPUS TALENT. THE AUDIENCE IS PART OF THE SHOW-SO BE SURE TO COME.
The University has accepted an invitation to take part in Pontiac’s sensationally successful radio series, “Varsity Show” broadcast from a different college campus each week The campus IS being combed for the finest talent Professional directors are building it into the most fascinating show you ever saw See a nationwide radio broadcast enjoy royal entertainment—be there when the doors open
8:00 P.M.—MEMORIAL GYMNASIUM GET YOUR FREE STUDENT TICKET FOR THE BROADCAST FROM T. R. JOHNSTON
vs Rohner Fishleith vs Stockeiy Dygert vs Jenkins See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents and tournament rules —JENKINS
Debris Pictures All students who expect to graduate this spring and who do not have senior cards report to Debris office by Oc tober 1 and have pictures taken —EHINGER
Cadet Officers Luncheon Committee Will the following men report in the Armoiy at 4pm October 1 foi meeting Seniors Wilhelm Johnson Craig Maikcl Juniois Clugston Heinie Bchronds Wadleigh Mil holland BARRY Glider Club Short business mei ting at 4pm October 1 in the Mechanical Engi neering Build ng Important MOORL
Playshop Production Committee Iho foi lowing persons aie lequested to atten 1 i meeting in 1 owler Hall office October 1 at 4 o clock Harold Hariington Ramak Byoll Gertiude Cohen Herb Allen BoV Ralsten Carl Bergman Al Harra R D Milholland Isabcll 1 orsberg J ino Robin son Joan Greer Barbara Gibbs and Bett Smith GLOVER
W S G A Poster Committed All gi 1 interested in postei work for Gold Dig gers dance meet in W S G A office al 4 o clock October 1 —JANOUSEK Catalyst Club All membeis place youi nominations for pledges in voting lox u Dr Lovells office Nomin itions can com from scnioi membeis only and must be in by October 11 —BOWMAN Medic il Examination Workers St idents who worked at legistiation physical ex iminati ns may get the i pav cheeks at the St dent H alth Set vice —MILLER
POPCORN Quantities for Parties to Order DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
Deac has/a full line of YELLO-BOLE PIPES H. G. (Deac) Reisner
£\ CARBURETOR
YELLD-BOLE
^Sk
New way of burning tobacco —better, cooler, cleaner. Carburetor Action cools smoke Keeps bottom of bowl absolutely dry. I Caked with honey At dealers’ now.
UPPRAFT
LATEST DISCOVERY I IN PIPES
HSM B
B B m H HSM B HSM B KSM B HSM Q HSM B HSM Q HSM Q
Q
n u
B
We Have Your Fall Outfit At Your Price
□ HSM 0
HSM 0 HSM n HSM HSM O
Today, no man need penalize himself through poor appegrance. It's easy to build up a wardrobe at GEISLER'S. If you demand both good looks and sturdiness in your Suit and Topcoat, you're just the man we're looking for. Our new models in suits and coats are styled so smartly and so rich looking that you'll never suspect they're demons for wear until you give them a trial. They are priced to suit you— $22.50 to $38.50 Be sure to see our RAMBLER Topcoat by Hart Schaffner & Marx.
500 MAIN ST. \Jm^^ CUfHESSMIPINC.
B HSM B HSM O HSM O HSM □ HSM B HSM □ HSM B HSM Q HSM Q