".''Cft'i- #V§v ’'?^ f'*' ‘ ’S/ '■ ‘'.
> 7 ^ V
f r ^ ’ ■
' ^ f-T ■; » ^ J
^ ' ',1
•;
Indoor Track Season Ends Tonight; Tankers Finish Up Tomorrow
Prof. ). A. Estey Spedks At Last War Convo Thrs Afternoon, Fowler Hdfl
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53, No. 146
West Lafayet^te, Indiana
Friday, March 20, 15^2
Estey To Speak Today At Last Weekly Convo Economist Will Lecture On Post War Problems In Eliz^ Fowler Hall At 4 Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics and government department, will be the speaker at the weekly defense convocation to be held tl^is afternoon at 4 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Estey will speak to students, faculty, and interested townspeople on the subject “Post War Economic Problems.” Estey will not discuss peace plans, but post war problems
such as prices and other com-
Prof.K.D.Wood ArtistS
Will Appear At Musicale
Will Head Staff At Convention
WAAWiiiHold Bad Roderick To Play
At Bid Dance Tonight
KISMKIOII MRRy-60-
MI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Co^iSt Patrol Inefficiency Causes Large Shipping Losses; Many Men Die WASHINGTON, Maicli 19. — Sortie very heroic storie.s have appeared in the newspapois recently telling how (sailors have lived for days on rafts after their ships were sunk by Nazi submarines. Whkt these stoiies do not tell,
plexities of an economic nature will be con'sidered. Estey is widely known as a lecturer on post war conditions and today’s talk will give students some insight into possible economic conditions after the wav. Last of Special Series Today’s convocation is the last of a series sponsored by the Student Wai Council during this semester. The series of lectures was designed to acquaint the students with aspects of a woild at war, including causes, effects and results in our national life. Previous lectiues have developed the causes and effects, and today’s lecture will bring out the results in the future. Passports Not Required The lecture will be free of charge and passports will not be required foi admission. 4ce Brigode To Play For Novelty Dance Next Friday In Union Ace Biigodc and his Virginians
however, is the growing imie.st will play foi the PIA novelty dance ambng^lieamen because of the 'tre- which will bo held on March 27 mendous loss of life from these fiom S:.'J0 to 11:30 p.m. in both ballsirikings, Not only are skilled sea- looms of the Union. Dancers may men likely to become scaice along appeal in cithei sport clothes or the Atlantic coast, but their leadeis evening drc.ss. No coi sages will be are warning' that something must allowed. PIA memboi s will be adbe done to vemedy the liagic sit- milted free and non-mombcis will
nation. The exact mimhei ol men lost wifli each ship is published by (ho Navy daily. And all >ou have (o do is lake a paper and pencil to figure the total losses. 'I'hey are terrific. From some ships only one or two survivors have been picked up. This is in contrast to rescues from Ilritisli ships of about '12 per cent. There are two reasons lor this: 1. IJ. S. vessels have been chiefly tankers, which spread oil on the wafer. ’I'his catches liie and burns the men, oi else the oil clings to them, weighing them dow 11. 2. The Navy has not been doing a good job ol pafiolling (lie Atlantic Coast. The lattei conclusion is now i egaided in Washington as inescapable. Not only aie wo lo.sing moie
he charged jpi.lO.
The (late for the PIA spiing dance has been set foi Apiil 24, hut the name ol the oichostia has not yet
been annonneed.
Players Announce New Members; Choose Kohls President For Next Year Playeis, student oiganization ol Playshop, elected the following oflicci s for next ycai at a meeting Wednesday night in Eliza Fowler Hall: Dick Kohls, picsidcnt; Betty Gi.iy, vite-piesidoiiL; Mai lanna Duke, societal y; Michael Weiss, tieasiiiei; Gooige Zissis, junior ed executive; Maiy Jane Oshuin, Jr. (ood executive; John C'lailc, ed-ex-eciitive; and Gi.iiit Fieldeii, Sojili-
ships than wo aie building, but some oinoie-Ed Executive.
steamer cajilaiiis complain that in a singloi day they have sighted only
011,0 pall ol plane
Biggest eomplaiiiL, how'cvei, is that the Navy will not pci nut U S (i.-hirig vo-sels oil tlie Allantie (Oil As to (.any i.ulio sending sots. LI. R. Iislieiinen have volunleeied to help pali(d the eoasls, wmI(1i lot nihmaniK's, aho tuck up suivivois. Ilowivei, willioid I.ulio li.insniitteis they cannot lepoit snlimaiines if llu y 1 liould see one Bill nil (islu I men, equipped with radios, have been the eyes ol the Ifiitish Navy in the Noilli Se.i But not Ameiieaii lislieniien. Meanwhile we lose an aveiaee ol moie than one ship a day • Capital Chaff' A sigiiilicaiiL nieetiiig took place between Wendell Willkie and John llttinilloii, ev-chaiiman of the Uepiihlican < National f'oininittee, in New Yoik the othei day. None too fiiendly during the last canitiaiga, they are getting togetliei now. 'riiiough a mutual fi lend, .loe Kennedy, one-lime 11. S. Amli.issa-' dor to Biitam, olfeied to take a jol) on the .staff of War Pioduetion Chief Donald Nelson if he agreed to cei - lain “teiijis." Nelson sent back word he wasn’jL interested . . . Poi mer hiain-truster Tom Coicoran, leeently investigated liy the Tinman committee, is in M(jxico in connection with legal woik for a hig-shot Mexican labor loader. • Three WPB Busts (The Washington Merry-Go-Round will publish several articles (gee MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 2)
New Members 'I'lie lollowing ai e new inembeis ol Playeis: Rita Donahoc, Ann Osliandei, Bailiaia Nord, John Claik. llaiotd Wan on, Anita Woisley, Ernest Noidlii.ger and AiLliur Baiah. Pl.iii W'ete m.ide concei niiig the i\ Pl.iyiis awards which ate given (Veiy year These aw'aids will he announced at llie “Hinge, Htiiin|i, Hindi')” Banouel on Apiil 2 EE juniors Must File ' I Personnel Cards Now All (UcLiical cqg'iiieei iiig juniois wild have not alieady filled out personnel cards must fill them out today in loom 110 of the EE building. It IS iieccssaiy that tlu'sc cards he filled oil! because they aie part of the Uiiivi'i'sity’s piumiineni leeoid of the student. If any junioi has not leeeived insliuclion as to how to (ill out the cards, he should consult Prof. D. T. ('anlield of the Hehool of Electiical Engiiieei iiig, immediately. Faculty Notice 'I’o Members of the Faculty: The regular monthly meeting ot the Faculty will be held on Monday, March 23, at 4 p.m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. Edward C. Elliott, President
Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the School of Aeronautical Engineering, will head the aeronautics staff when they attend the Regional Convention of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences at Notre Dame University tomorrow. Accompanying the party will be Prof. E. F. Bruhn, F. M. Crosby and a number of students?^ in aeronautical engineering. Other' universities and colleges represented at this first Mid-West Regional Student Convention of the institute will include Michigan, Minnesota, Iowa State, Cincinnati, Detroit, Wayne, Tri-State and Notre Dame. Students as well as faculty and industrial representatives will participate. Bill Stout of Scarab, Skycar and Ford Tri-motor fame, will bo the dinner speaker in the evening. Grand Champion Steer Draws Large Crowds During National Tour Nation-wide tour being made by Loyal Alumnus IV., grand champion steer at the International Livestock Exposition in December, is continuing' successfully and is drawing large crowds where ever he is shown. This is the word veceivod at the Univeisity from Ralph J. Failor, of the Piie.stone Tire and Rubber Company, purchasers of the animal and organizers of the tour. The trip began at the University during the Agricultui al Conference when the steer was shown on the stage in the Music Hall and also in Lafayette. He has been taken through Indiana, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Missomi, Arkansas, Louisiana and is now on an extended tom thiough Texas. lie will be back at the Firestone farms near Akron, Ohio, on May 20, and will make several moi'o stops in Indiana enloutc there. No Loss Ol Weight Tlie Btcei IS standing the tiip well, Failoi rcpoited, and on May Hi weighed 983 pounds, his actual .show weight at Chicago. The tour IS being conducted to show Ihou.sands ot iaimeis and stockmen an ideal typo of animal and to ofi'er lessons on feeding and management. The steer was Irred, led and fitted foi the show iing hero on the Agricultural farm of the Univei-
sily.
Remaining Teams In Bridge Tourney To Play Tomorrow FoLU'teen teams will compete foi the championship in the final roitnds of the budge touinament spopsoied by the Union tom6irow afternoon at ] in I'oonr 3()3 of tlie Union. Foui cups will he awarded to the win-
ner's.
If one niemher of a team cannot play at the final session his paitner may seciiie a .substitute. All siilislitiitions slionld lie repotted lo the 10111 namciit diiecloi If both niemht'iH ol the Learn ate iinahle lo play th(’ team will he disqunlilir d. Eligible 'I'eani.s 'I'lie (ollowing teams aie cligihle: Kir,sell and .lohnson, Andeison and Evans, Hliini(*i' and Worsley, Riimlile and Dake, Gillette and Laddon, Gardner and Lo.sson, Houlhnia-vd and M('l'/,ei, /,unmet man and Coomli.s, Peesok and Kintner, Pyle and Wasson, Moellei and Pashley, Moian and Nielson, Roth nnd Evans and Stems and Weiilwoi'tli. Union Sponsors Tea Dance For Workers Tea dance, sponsored by the Union for all activities workers, was held in the North Ballioom yesterday uftei'iioon from 4 to .hihO. Approximately 150 persons danced to recorded music. Pretzels and root heer were seived as retreshments. Alpha Sigma Phi ’ . , . social fraternity announces the initiation ot the following men: Robert W. Brunnemer, Jolfersoriville; John R. MacKay, Port Wayne; and William G. McDonald, Kirklin.
Winter Sports
Dinner Tuesday WAA will hold its Winter Sports Banquet next Tuesday at 6 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. The principal speaker will be Rabbi Meyer H. Simon, whose topic will be “Physical
and Spiritual Recreation.”
New Officers
Awards for the winter sports will be made at this dinner and the new council members will be installed. Officers chosen at the last WAA Council meeting are: Shirley Johnson, activities chairman; Jane Blank, social chairman; Barbara Ford, cabin chairman; Beatrice Buergler, badminton; Elizabeth Baughman, baseball; Ruth Mae Evans, bowling; Gerry O’Neill, golf; Carolyn Wilbur, riflery; Ann Waterbury, table-^tennis and shuffleboai'd; Lucille Chaminade, swimming; Evelyn Schubor, tennis; Alice Troxell, archery; Jean Brackman, fencing; Betty Gulbraith, hocke; Marion Lafuze, tumbling; and Harriet Camp-
bell.
Tickets Available Tickets for the banquet ar’e available m the main office of the Women’s Gymnasium and may bo obtained from representatives of sororities and ward managers for 65
cents.
MeVey To Give First Address At Monthly Luncheon Of Ag Staff _Dr. Frank L. MeVey, President Emeritus of the University of Kentucky, will speak Monday, March 23, at the monthly luncheon of the agricultural staff. The title of his speech will be “The' Declaration of Independence and the American Way.” Any .staff member wishing to hear Dr. MeVey may do so by making I'csei vations for the luncheon by tomoiiow noon at the office Dr. Sears Attends Owenite.°^
mg 2901.
First Address This IS the first of iluee addresses to be delivered by Dr. MeVey at the University. Tuesday he will address the Social Science Seminar at 7:30 p.m. in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union and climaxing the seiies, he will speak at the Special Defense Convo in the Music Hall at 7:30 Wednesday evening.
Student Soloists To Sing APConvo Third in the series^ of musical convocations presented under the sponsorship of the Student War Council will bo given this Sumtfay afternoon at 3 in the Music Hall. Soloists from the Univei’sity Musical Organizations will be featured on the program which is open to the student body and the general public
without chaige. Smith Will Sing
Marvin Smith, tenor soloist with the Men’s Glee Club and the Concert Choir, will open the pi'ogram with a group of three numbers, “Ah Moon of My Delight,” “When I Have Sung My Song,” and “The Ilills of Home.” Ho will be followed by pianist Arthur Jacklin who will play “Mihut(' Waltz,” “MinsHels” and “The Gi'eat Gate of Kiev.” Albei'ta Schmadol, sopi’ano in the Concert Choir, will sing the traditional air, “Danny Boy,” “Thine Alone” and “Maids of Cadiz.” The fourth gi oup of numbers will be presented by baritone William Kennedy, freshman in iho Engineering School. He will sing “Twenty Third Psalm,” “Boots” and “The Green
Eyed Diagon.”
Orchestral Trio Will Play
The Univei'sity Orchestra will he represented by a marimba trio which will play “Tales fi'om the Vienna Woods.” Member's of the trio are Doris Hamilton, Betty Maryiott and Barbara Hejde. The program will bo concluded by the Glee Club quartet composed of Marvin Smith, Ray Friend, Jim Chase and Joe Richards. The quartet will sing “Soldiers ()f Fortune,” “Winter Song,” “I’ve Been Working on the
Railroad” and “My Bonnie.”
Gold Peppers Will Announce Pledges From Bandstand; Reception Follows Coeds and their dates will dance to the music of Bud Roderick and his orchestra at the Gold Pepper-Mortar Board cabaret dance tonight in both ballrooms of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30 p.m. Potato chips and soft drinks will be served by* the Sweet Shop at tables placed around three sides of the south ballroolh and two sides of the , '
north ballroom. • At this, the last coed bid dance of the year, Gold Pepper pledges will be announced at 10 p.m, from the bandstand. The backdrop will be entirely gold and black, with a large Gold Pepper and a Mortar Board in its center. The letters G and P on either side of the back drop will be made of circles representing Gold Pepper hats; and when these are removed as each of the pledges are announced,, the names
Notre Dame Student Wins Intercollegiate Roundtable Debate
William Peters Places Second
Mark McGrath, of Notre Dame, was named winner of the sectional meeting of the National Extempore-
11 be I'evealed underneath. Band- Discussion Contest held on the cam-
pus yesterday. William Peters, representing the University, won the second award. This announcement was made shortly after the close of the forum held last night in Eliza
Fowler Hall.
During the afternoon there were four simultaneous discussions beinjg held in various rooms of the Uniop. The two highest speakers in egeh group were allowed to compete: the finals last night, making a total of eight contestants. Shirley Can-
fronts for Bud Roderick and his orchestra, from the University of Illinois, will consist of alternate Gold Pepper and Mortar Board insignia,
Twenty-Four Pledges
Twenty-four coeds will be pledged this year, having filled the requirements of Gold Peppers honorary. To he pledged, a coed must have an index of at least 4.00, must he a leader in activities and possess outstanding personality. Mortar Board
collaborated with Gold Peppers on . mr-n- ti x. j. ^ ... , . , , „ ning and William Peters representw presenting this one dance instead of tt • -x • xi. ^ i )„ xi,:_ University in the final forum.
In the afternoon, WBAA broad^t an open discussion in which one contestant from each school took part. Discussed Hemisphere Affairs The contest, which was Kfld lb interest university students and ija» form the public about hemiepheric affairs, is sponsored by the'CMBce 0$
presenting individual formals this
spring.
After the announcement of new pledges, actives, pledges and taculty aotwity advisors will meet in the Old Chestnut Room for a reception. In charge of the arrangements are Virginia Schaupp, general chair-
man; Barbara Fellows, in charge of ”1'''“”''“''* "y , ’ . 11 -x the Coordination of Inter-National
decorations; Ruth Rose, publicity;
Forum In Posey Counfy As School Representative Dr. L M. Sears of the history, economies arid government department attended the Owenito Forum, yesterday as a I'eprcsentative of the University. This Foinm was a sjrccial loatui'e of the New Ilai mony Annivci-iUiy Celehialion which was
hold in Posey County.
“Cultivating Spii itual Conception” was the title ot Di. Seal s’ talk which cont) ilruted to the general theme of the piogram by hiiiiging out the ideals of the Rappito settlement. Also on the piogiam wore icpresentalivos fiom other state colleges and iiniV('isilies of the mid-
west.
■ To Speak AtAnnual4-H Banquet Pi'ol Muriel G. McFailaiid of the division of education and airplied psychology, will pieside at (he luiiiual meeting of (he Indiana Sfale Home Ecoiioniit's Association tonioi'iow in Indiiuiiitrolis. Piolcssoi lVI('l'\u land, will) lias jusl I unshed iiei yeai here, will he succeedi'd liy Miss Edna 'I'rolh, nssist.inl state leader ol 4-11 cliil) work on (he ag1 iciiltuial (.'Xleiision slad' of the Univeisity. Gov. lleniy F Scliiickei and Miss L('lla Gaddis, state leadei of home ceoiioniics extension at the Universily, will lie the headline speakers a I tli'c meeting. PIA Will Conduct Weekly Discussidn Tonight At 8 Sixth III a senes of weekly PIA roundtable discussions will he piosonted tonight from 8 to 8:30 over WBAA, The subject for this louiidtablc is, “Activities and the Purdue Man.” The people participating this evening include Oscar Lappi, Mable Vaughan, Robert Reveal, Jack Thompson and Roberta Kessler. The program is under the direction of Lappi.
Mary Ann Moore, invitations; and June Close in charge of the recep-
tion.
Tickets Available Tickets for' the dance are priced
affairs, through the National Publip Discussion Committee, Inc. Prof. P. E. Lull, director of Forengic activities, is district manager of the na-
tion-wide contest.
The contest was open to any full
Capt.C. Harding, Jr.
. . . MSEE, ’33, who has been
Assi.stant Utilities Officer of the Headquaifeis Complement at Camp Shelby foi over a year, has been ti'ansf(?i 1 ed as Post Utilities Officer, to the Air Corps Officer Candidates’
School at Miami Beach, Fla.
Exponent Workers There will he a short, blunt meeting of all Exponent people petifioning tor junior or senior jobs this at (ernoon at 4 :15 in room 212 of the Union. Talk will he short and reasonably sweet.
—Traugott
at $1.10 and may be obtained at the undergraduate students of the West Desk of the Union oi' in front competing schools. Six schools were ol the Sweet Shop and will also be entered in this sectional meeting, insold at the dance. eluding Ball State Teachers’ College
with 3 representatives; Manchester College, 5; Notre Dame, 6; St. Francis, 3; Tri-State College, 3; and thd
Univei'sity, 8.
University Entries
Local entries were Armando
Winners of the Ceres Essay Con- Schemel, Jorge Roach, Jane Ostest for the academic year 1941- trander, Shirley Canning, Ken Bux1942 were announced Tuesday eve- ton, William Peters, and the two ning at the spiing initiation ban- winners of the All-Campus Discusquet held in the Home Economic.s sion, Leonard Wood and Richard building. James 0. Bray, Monrovia, Sidwell. The group was coached bjf a junior in rinal economics, re- R. M. Horn, of t’ne Speech staff.
James 0. Bray Wins Ceres Essay Contest
ceived the (list prize in the uppeiclassman division for his essay, “After 450 Years of Hybridization.” Howard G. Diesslin, animal husbandry junior fiom Laporte, placed second m the same division. An e.'-'say titled “Soil Erosion in
For this contest, the nation was divided into six sections to aid the progress of the discussion. The headquarters of this area is Madisoft; Wis., where last night's winners will meet at a later date with the othep sectional leaders. The winners of
Indiana” won first piize tor F. this meet will he allowed to partiei';
Charles Hess, Ag chemistry sopliomoie from Aigos, in the fieshmansophomoie division. Second place in tins division was awarded to John J. Haller, sophomore in Ag educa-
lion fioni Newcastle.
Fredericks Tops 'Athlete Of Year' Voting; Student Nominations Will End Tomorrow
By Ted Clark Casey Fredei leks, captain of Coach Claude Reeck’s Big Ten championship wrestling team, moved into the lead in the balloting for the Exponent’.s “Athlete of the Yeai” awaid last nighi with a total (it 72* votes. He was followed liy Nomination Ballot I nominate as my choit'e tor the title ot “Outstanding Athlete of the Year.” Frosty Sprowl, most valuable meni1)01 of the 1941-42 basketball team, who was in fiont until Fredei icks overhauled him. Sprowl had 38
votes..
Undefeated For Three Years Fredei icks has been a member of the wrestling team for throe yeais, being co-captain during the 1940-41 season and captain this year. He
competed in the 128 pound class tins year and was a 121 poundei while a sophomore and junior. Casey has the enviable record of being undefeated in three years of college competition. Fredericks and Spi-owl are followed in the voting by Blanken, Polk, Holdernran, Rush, Melton, Miller, Tierney, Petty, Wairon, Menke, Riley, KraLzer and William-
son.
Nominations Close Tomorrow Nominations will close tomonow and the student, faculty, athletic staff committee will decide upon the winner and rimnerup during the following week. Reasons for nomination should include outstanding performance in the field of athletics, showing of fine sportsmanship, and popularity and agreeahleness among teammates and foes. Ballots may be left in the Exponent office or at the West Desk.
pate in a national contest in addition to winning a. tour of South America during the summer of
1942.
Judges for the contest weP0 Ernest Wage, Clarence Peters and Max Fuller from Northwestern University’s School of Speech. POMM . . . military honorary, aiinouhcea the initiation of the following mei^: P. J. Wood, senior; R. T. Ball, J. E* Compton, G. II. Freundlicb, W. Hx Lupke, R. A Liiebhen, J. H. Loudenhack, E M. Lewiecki, R., A. Leighton, L. Morgan, O. S. PoVifelL G L. Riebey, R. W. Schoeff, Mx Jft Udes, E. A. Welbaum, R. L. WeiSs, and (! IVl. Yiiikanan, juniors. Sorority Will Atfend Annual State Dinner Phi Mu, social sorority, will hqld it.s annual State Day at the Lincoln in Indianapolis, tomOrrolir. The piogram consists of a dihne|: in place of the regular luncheon, a business session and a dance followlni: the meeting.
Don Budge
,.. will ho featured in tennis ftqjiN res tonight in Room 107 of the Fi^house at 7 p.m. Everyone is ihvittdt to attend these free movies. ’
' VI # ¥-
fk'Purd&SJEiSbonMt
' 'ip^SfhtAf -Mnrrh
■■ ■ " - ■* '
BERLIN
Jim iChdi,
-awon
Ah, W9nderfvl Msi’ch! ^yc have February with all. its birthdays; then March when those of us over twenty wish we hadn’t had so manj' birthdays. This js the month that the wind blows Hke a candidate at a Democratic convention and the rains comiitgvas o;ften as tests un,der the new' war time schedule. Also this is the month that all Duke football players nilust file their income ta>; returns. ■ - ■ ■ ; __a ■ Sp.oaking of March~-it may not be long before we hjsar that woi’d used-as a verb when our top-sergeant feelsAve need a little drilling-—after breakfast, after lutveh, and before dinner—or any other time w'e’re not peeling potatoes. Now that we found our call numbei‘ we feel like someone’s telephone number but \v;e don’t care for a lot of calls. Democi’acy—bah! (If our draft board rvill read
those last two words, we’ll never get a deferment). But after spending no less than four hours getting our picture taken so that vye would have a swell photo ready when they drew our number first—and what happens? They call number 3986! Phooey! It wouldn’t be so bad, but all those in i;j;9nt of us either have only ope leg or armp-oj’ they hgye. an indeic over 3.6—so we feel neglected—no picture. We even had tea and crumpets ready for the newspaper men, w;ho ryould do doubt be English — everyone’s Epgh.shj exeept thPh? tlhihg the actual ftghttng,, (N.?,?ty little typewriter-peckei's aren’t we) — but in the words of Nathan Hale-—r“We regret thsvt we’ve got but one life to give for our country, and we’re thankful we still got it! ^ • So greatly disappointed that we didn’t hgar'Secretary of War Stimson sayutg in his best Irish brogpe, after he drevy the first ninnber last St, Patrickis Day, “Shium’ if lit isn’t noumver vun houndred ’n’ ninty !” —we end this column. \yith an afterthoug'ht:, hfareh 17 was also the day of the return of WETUls greatest enemy:—BOCK. (It could have been just a coincidence —w'hat do you drink^—-I mean think?) r.t.e.
GRIK:4Nft.B|ARir
What Goes Merry-qo^Rmnd...
On Here?
(Continued from page 1)
on the Wai,' Production Board and its achievements. This is the first—
— i . ■ — Ed.), ■ .
r. n j i Privately, War Production Board
By Bud Eberts ... , .
-■■■'■-■ insiders were delighted w:ith the exSpring?' Well it was kinda gettin’ plosion caused by. the resignation of \yarmer when we wrote this column plain-talking Robert Guthrie. It —but what kind of weather we are forced into, the open a sour under going to have for the week-end is cover situation on which Donald a, question similar to that of what jsjeison has been pussyfooting for
kind of football team we are going weeks.
to;haye next session. The answei to Thjs i.s^ the retention of dollar-a-both promising! year men in key posts despite the WGOH? fact they have displayed neither the Several of the male students wo capacity nor the all-out attitude.deknow on the campus were caught manded by the stupendous war of-
stuffing the draft boxes for the Gold
Pepper and Mortar Board bid dance tonight. These aforementioned individuals are under the impression that this drawing is about as fair as some of these soap chip contests,
as it seems the dames are taking became WPB.
their pin or steady man. You know the,standard time of dances, the regular price, and who will be with who
—so why go on ?
WGOH?
Tomorrow night continues the old school’s steady climb j for social supremacy, as four dances are scheduled to enlighten that one night a week when barn dances
covdr the radio dials. Perhaps the winger or New Dealer. He is a very biggest of these affairs is the annual successful, hard-head,ed Kentucky
fort.
This was one of the underlying
causes for OPM’s dismal failure. The other was Knudsen’s lack of
a tough production policy. When Nelsori'took over, and 0PM
he laid down tough
jn'oduetton policies. That was a big improvement. But Nelson has yet to plug up the other fatal weakness. He has hard policies biit soft lieutenants, and tlhs is not the .sort, of combination to win the war on the: all-important indu.strial front. That was what all the shooting was about behind Gutherie’s dramatic walk-out. Guthrie is no left-
ly there is very strong feeling against him ampng- the all-puters. Harrison, Nelson recently hqd to slap down publicly when he put out a statement that the huge ship building program could not be inet because of the scarcity of materials. Nelson retorted that the program could and would be met and no more has been heard
from Harrison.
He is also charged by the allouters with pussyfooting on conversion and not compeUing greater use of machinery and equip-
ment. '
Rosenwald has an gnormous staff. They are so numerePs th^y fall over one another. But mKilo thousands of tons of scrap are to be found on every hand, all oyer the country, steel mills are closr. ing down for lack of the metgl;, and the output of tanks, guns and ships is seriously threatened.
dC. A. MuVpfty Speaks Af i^lif'a^: Bancjjuet . Prp^i C. A. 'Miirphy, of the history „an,d ecottoipJcs department, was the pyihcipld' speakerat the annual spring banquet of the Purdue Order of Military Meyit in the Union yesterday. The to^i.e 9,f Prof. Murphy’s talk was “The World Situation and Its Effect on Us as Individuals.’’ Kappa Delta Rho . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following men t Robert E. Davis, Chicago; William if; Fullerton, Chicago; a,nd Alex Johnson, Chicago. : ■ > ' ’ '
tioh 1108; act of^OtTOer 8, 1917, gttthOW January 20. 19142; ; P.Ubmhe(yv;daay,r)^
,'d0tf,h8; Ate
ahrf Weekly durink trie SunUne,
Delivered locally by, catridr, fdf
NcWb Editor— John., ’
mM«lffrBait6r...:...V....V...LeW^^
lliietiie»8 Manager ...,.4...p<fnm,.,jPji9lf.!tf;y
S-tAFF POR
Nisid Editor''.Id. Day Editte,". Issue. Editor Sports- Editor —' Reporters: Wickard, Bealf, ;;Foto'tM J^arion;^ RichajWlppn, Starr, Tyson,-
Maiestic Furnaces and WilJ,-{Bui;i^, Sfoke^ F. H. Speaker Phon^A^ll^^ 1:1.9 St.
Hays jewelry, €6. -- V31 N,o,ah Fpurth St, 11 Fine Jewelry at Moderate Pfiee ' ^
PIW 'Rk i
tOPAY — moll RL E
'■ ' ■*' 1
•Every bullet in
the
“They’re our new aristocracy- That’s Smith who sells used cars, Jones, froiu tk0 retrea,ding place, and Snitkin of tlje Elite Junk Yard.’’
Dr. f. fW/otf
. . . has returned to tlie University after attending a meeting of the regional advisory committee of the National Resources PlanningBoard in Chicago last.Monday. Dr.
Insiders rate Rosenwald’s division Elliott is the head of the committee the sourest in WPB. He is charged which represents several states in with lack of drive, executive capac- this area,
ity and imagination. When a bold plan is submitted to him, he recoils in horror. It took weeks to got him to sanction forceful measures against a junk dealer who was h.old,ing 100,000 tons of scrap for prof-
iteering prices.
Rosenwald fiddled around fon several months on a way to collect the vast quantities of scrap to be found
frma WinkleM^ck ,. . . former home demonstration agent in Hancock County, has joined the 4-H club supervisory staff of the University as assistant state leader of 4-H club work and will devote particular attention to the clothing club work. S.he is a grad-
Jefferson Hon Dinner-Dance-which '^"sriess man who believes simply-farmers’ barns and yards. In 24 ^jat.g^,j.-Eastei-nIllinoisStateTeach- : • ' tv.., uroir 4.4 4V,„ I,. 4., houi's a vounff movifi Gxecutivp. who i., TV/tm.,,
Will be held at the Union in the north ^hat the way to win the war is to ballroom. It so happened that the everything- to that effort. Hhi Gamma Delta and Phi Kappa For months he tried to pursue Psi fraternities were both founded ^uch a course by compelling- profitat Jefferson College so this is their minded consumer goods indusway of celebrating their beginnings. convert their desperately Dinner will be served at 7:30 and needed facilities to war production, formals are required—who’cl want Guthrie was opposed, hampered and
to spill a good meal like that on any-
thing but the best? Wayne Mclntyi-c will have his band nearby to play for the eatin’ and dancin’.
WGOH?
All eleven of the student co-op houses on, the campus are having their semester dance tomorrow night in the south ballroom of the Union with that solid-student-syn-copater Hv Given and his orchestra playing.
WGOH?
Alpha Kappa Lambda fraternity has felt the call of spring and will entertain their guests with a radio dance at the chapter house tomorrow night.
WGOH?
On the other .side of the campus ■w’e find the TEP’s having a radio-barn-dance in their house. The Tgu Epsilon Phi dance will cooperate with the AWS hours by ending their affair at 11:30.
WGOH?
All of which just about covers the
weekend doings on the campus, and much eye-brow i-aising- throughout for those of you who have heard it the war agencies, but still don’t believe it—T. Dor- Reed’s record in three OPM jobs sey and about three thousand im- had been .so sour that it was taken ports will appear here next Satur- for granted Nelson would send him day night. Besides Dorsey, the only packing. Instead, Reed was promothing the students would rather see ted, and in his new job, has done is the end of the war; so get out no better than he did before. He has your field glasses and shin-guards repeatedly clashed with subordias we are just as determined to sec nates seeking to speed up converthe old master of the music world, sioii to war production and private-
overruled by dollar-a-year men who apparently were more interested in protecting- the profits of their corporations than winnin.g the war. He battled to curtail the production of radios, electrical appliances, and the use of wool. In every case he was thwarted by business-as-usual WFB moguls. Within WPB, three Nelson lieutenants have long been under fire by all-outers on charges of in-
adequacy. They are—
Philip Reed, chairman of the , board of Cleneral Electric, who is head of the Division of Industry
operations.
William H. Harrison, vice president of A. T. & T., chief of the Division of Production. Les.sing Rosenwald, Sears, Roebuck director and former America Firster, who directs the division handling the scrap collection pro-
grams.
• Their Records
Nelson’s choice of Reed for the Industry Operations Division caused
hours a young movie executive, who ers College and succeeds Miss Mary
had been called in on the problem E> Wilsey
by other WPB chiefs, produced a simple and practical plan to do the
job by using the WPA.
The inside word is that Reed and Rosenwald are slated for the axe.
It’s long overdue.
(Copyright,■ 1942, by United Fea-
turo Syndicate, Inc.)
V %
Kindly Bear in Mind that We Keep Open Until 5:30 as Always. Saturday Nights We Close at 6.
I
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S m BREAKFAST m LVNcmm m DINNER • RfEFRESHING TREATS YOU^RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S GRUq STORES 4)Q Street
DRESS SMARTLY FOR SPRING
We have a large assortmentof New Spring Pants which are priced at $1.98 up
Smooth Sport Shirts ,are necessary this at $1.19up
224 IVftiin St.
First (JothiDg Store Across Lqvee
■WWW
—smooth, easy-going Casual Suits take the fashion lead for Spring! Definitely the suits you’ll live in—-for school and for play—and love! Suits' yop’ll put on and know you look your best—suits like these that you’ll prize for Vt” their beautiful fit, expensive detail r*-r-their easy nonchalant air, Sizes 12 to 20.
as a fitting companion ... Tailored Shirt Blouses up—is the slogan of the season^ under the firmest chins ih the lantl be tailored shirt blouses. Blouses with fine tailoring details in rayon crepe with stitching and pearl Irutton trims . . . washable and nohshfinkab|le. Classic Solids, Intriguing Prints, Gala Stripes ... short and Ipng sleeves. Sizes 32 to, 40. $2.98 to $7.9S
SPORT SHOP
Second floorFeature
,^in^, .b^-pugM .tlfe, JwMt,Qjf
dtit ‘«ii thie'is^^^ field once l:Mid^?^
a ,¥ioil,^]»^i?,e?^ te^-^ h^^4lpto,w..4or linf^idrilis.'" ' " 'V T^ ,
that have shown
. „.^. I partieur Bhfench, en:^gwa»^<i-' The linemen, were also 'tM^eghman merit t’o hy the return to actiop- pf ^r§^ipig^ieri,lmayyweightwrest*.f ltng,ch^rnp,ipn, who will also see^ac-
session a
tion^ at- ‘f^hj'.aVLmepp. In Doubt
•‘-.' ■^jif'-s '.' ■ 1 * Much uncertainty as yet exists as !-v held for the play- the possibilities for next year’s ^5 ;>;^|'‘i; ■0h}}:'HW^i''^^dpal position, jjjj^yp^^^gther the veterans frono
last year’s squad will still be here when the fall roils around'is a question that must be answei’ed befoi’C
any definite plans are laid. J^PP^y Smoch led the t
ty-‘44thf th4 S^w’Pham called
: #J^<[^er; u asst? 4i5ti,dod foiv^^gnal drills and
^eshh'P'h’
'*P%PsiPS%
\&stiew lose hx forfeit, Friday, March 2a:
ttasithsiMM j^lqse, Cofal^^^ v ^ a- "tu,- it '^Wl#^Saker aii;'shoty . S>g‘PP Phi E^.W P^^pi' ip PPhtidhr ®iiPP’ -A-lpha Obi Rho, Delta Chi,
I arrg';,.'ixhtoh Delta Tau Delta, Sigma Chi.
IJH fsh^dllfs FR^ERffi'TY: RXiXMiN^bN These tehms must show up. or
, ,,,., :!' Following; the rhnning, of the-milg relap,iGyient at the coloiilhi Ghicaso R^lh^s,. tphWhJii,' %ei P^irYpti??'; iPdiPPP ti}a,ck' seaso,h will he offiojaRy- d;i?aTyn to, a..olQS.et.Gq.aeh FhjtHijp.a anpownhed last njgjhl.thait his five best quah-ter-milers, namely Anthony,^ A^chei;,. AlfhoJd,, Ranker/and., Qanlhev wifi, make,the trip to the Windy ^ify this afternoon with four frqm these beisg pIckeA tP tPPtesent th.e Boilermakers this evening. This yeat'S nple relay team has been: the chief point gettej?. for. the Riveters , in all their dual meets as well , as the Conference meet two weehs, ago. In the Big. Ten, eyept this sa.jne outfit finished, a clqse third behind.: iVtichigan. and. Ohio State. , One of the highlights of the Chicago meet tonight will be the ap: pearance of Cornelius. Warraerdaih, the. greatest pole vaulter in the world today. At the present time he, holcjs. the. ■world’s record, ;in this eyenf with, the unbelievable height of fifteen feet seven and one half inches. Incidehtally '^aymerdam, is the, only person ever to go over the fifteen foot mark. Earl Meadows, tha.foriher Southern California ace who held the record at fourteen feet eleven, inches before Warmei’dam camg along, will also comp.e.te tonight. Another feature attraction will be the mile run in . which Indiana’s Campbell Kane is scheduled to meet the much publicized Leslie McMitcholl of N.- Y. U. McMitchell only last week; turned in a 4:0.8.mile at Madison Square Garden. He is rated; by most writers as the, present day. runner most likely to run the mile in four minutes or less. Bob Wright, the current sensa-
Friday, Marth iO#'1942^
; <&£rp
1
Pi Bela Phf
. . . sodal sorority announces the election of th.e following officers: Silvia Pittman, President; Jane Mos.es, Yice-jpresiaOptt Rpth^ Holden, Pledge Sponsor ;.Jahe Humphry, Recording Secretary; Jane Schiep and Jane Grimpier,: Gensofs: Jean Trankenberry, Senior Co.uncilman,; ,9.ottx Jotaiot' Epp.P0Upt,a.p> ]VI,arg.gret.,]^i|ljLer, Sopliomo.rO Councilman;, and Rachel Stewnrt, Mem-ber-at-large.
lankmen Make Tonrnrrow b Stale
a %3 u
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Gone Mati’ewi4->' IVfaywood, Ilh; J^ack p.extoi', P,undee, III.; and Stuart T. Ross; Osh-’ kosh, Wis- ! The fraternity ulso announces the pledging of Alfred F. Tiede-. mann, G’Fallon, ill.; Jim C. Schiejke, Chicago, 111.; Raypreud H. Schultz, Chicago, 111.; and Donald E- Haase, Winnetka, 111. tion in the hurdles, will he a distinct favorite to cop firsts in both the high barrier eyentSi The Ohio State junior holds Conference titles in both events, both indoors and out. Vern Olson of Illinois will in ail probability provide his chief competition.
PHiL^iiOHnson
Luscious Hot PIES Ready to Eat ■ -v r ou ■ T-wo;' Hours’ Notice
Hot pies with tender melt in your mouth.
R^Uy crusts, that’ll
Ideal desserts when there’s unexpected en-^ tertainment. ^luoAonk. pisL (Bix0!uf
211 South St., West Lafayette
Phone 6839
► Batter Up! Now that spring is well on its way (it’ll probably snow today) the fancies of several Pimdue students, are turned tp-^yard baseball as well as loye. For many, weeks, now. sta,rting in the F'Cldhouse before the basketball season was ended, the team has been loosening up and getting indoor batting practice. Due to the wartime schedule the annual spring trip has been cancelled. Five eai’ly practice games with St. Joe and Wabash have been scheduled by Coach Dutch Fehring to take the place of this southern jaunt, ordinarily held dining spring vacation. ^ Five Regulars Gradiiated : Graduation, the. army, Dan Cupid, plus the temptation to play pro hall, and ineligibility have dealt Boilermaker diamond forces a tough blow. Captain Bud Fisher, Mike Byelene,-Johnny Emmert, Dutch Doherty, and Dan Danowski all were graduated. Blanken gave up his amateur status to play pro basketball and get married. He would have been one of the top players in the conference this season and was the number ope Purdue moundsman. Waterhouse, McAdams, Janisch, Green, and Boh Gantz have all-ans-wered .the beckon, to the armed forces. ^ Which Leaves Us ... ? The losses; of eight top men will be hard to .fill. Seven major letter men are hack this .year. The big problem is, of course, pitching. Walt Leifheit is the only man who has had: any Big Ten experience. He cannot carry the load alone. The outcome of the entire season will depend upon whether assistaijt coach B.pb Bailey will he able to groom some capable starting, pitchers to aid Leifheit with ,the mound duties. If our pitchin.g com.es through, we’ll win our share of the games. ^ S'even. OlhcK Slab.'Candidates Bob Bailey is working with seven-otiper prospective hurlers, Walt Cook, Tony Berto, Ed Misselhorn, Irv CiasemUri, Paul Petrjek, Frank Freiherr, and Bob Baker. Co.pk played at shortstop and third base last year, and had a ter.rjfi.c peg. , ■ I The backstpp position will be in very capable hands. Ernie Young. ; caught several games last'year. In addition, Walt Smith, who two years agpi was one of 'the best freshman catching prospects in the league, is also back this year. Woody Walton has been hitting swell so far and is another able to get in Big Ten competition. ► Queslipn At First - George Bui'kharat,, Georg'.e Emerson, Rudy Lawson, and Jack Swantz, all sophomores, are“fighting it out for the first base starting nod. Harry IM^cFerren, last year’s most valuable p,layer, is reco'yering from an appendicitis operation, Iput will .be ready to go in a couple of more weeks. Ed Cook' and Paul Friend are the candidates to take his place in the first games until Harry is ready. Bill Burkhaiylt, brother of George, and Chuck Rawles are alternating at the shortstop, position. Bob Riley and Chuck Wi-ight are working for the hot corner position. If necessapy, Ernie Young- may give Smith and Walton the catching job and sh^-vv his versatility at third base. / Two major lettermen, Curly Gahtz and Bill Carson, are competing with Jim Rush, Carl Hipp, Bob Kersey, Tom Burger, and Jim Shoemaker for the three outfield berths.
CANDY BARS All Nationally Advertised Brands
3
5c Barss for
10c
TWRP OR SHETLAND JACK^ AND Yoii sep i;| at the: best caiui,ti,-y clubs . . . at \ycokend pai:| j6s'. . i qu tEc smijivtast tehstially dypss^ll men! It’s a pcrftdt biiatlUg bl iwcl Spring indisperisibles . . . plaid or .solid color sport coal, and harmonizing solid-tone galnirdinc slacks. Together—they’re q swclVcnsemble. Scparalcly —you’ll find a hundred and one different oceations for wearing them! The twosome’s a value hiimdinger. Why not come in for your Twosome outfit now , . . and start to Dress Better Today — The Geisler Way.
Chocolate Covered CHERRIES Fancy 1-lh. Box BURRTS COCKTAIL CRACIjii^
Per Pkg.
Serviceable socks in the Hew Spring fabrics.
Wide selection’of Spring Shirts . . . plain or solid I- '7 f ’, IJ' ^ - 'll colors and stripes.
■Smart sport hat with a tapered crown.
Women, AfsQ Coach Dick Papen^^th/s tankmen will, compete in t|^ last collegiate meet toRtorx^W afternoon at 3 p.m., when swim in the Indiana Intercom legiate Swimming Meet ip the Fieldhouse. As the Boilermakers will be unable to attend the Nai'^nat A. A. U. at Harvard hecauseittf the war situation, they wiff have their last chance to break rge^ds this year in this state college match, The Boilermakers ■will .foe represented by the majority of the ming squad, although several of the better men will not enter. BesWes the varsity squads of . the schepls entered, there will be freshmen,.ai^d vvomen entered in extra meets, ■w-hjeh are to be based on.the A. A. U. rules. Four teams have entered the comt petition. The Riveters, Indiarta, apd DePauw have placed their fpll tea^s in the meet, and Indiana Statg has entered just a few men. Although the meet itself ■will.hegin af 3 p.m., the individual evepta will probably start at 2:30. The rig* ular contest will be compoked.dof nine events, while that for the-' men, women, and ineligible mers will have six. The extra events u-ill be held Upp dcr the A. A. U. rules. Thq,. e^nte will be the 100 yard Tree women, 200 yard, women 4 '%%a‘S6: -stroke, free.style, : backatrpk.^irAjafi diving competition for jmeil. Fr^aEt men and any other: athletes come under the A. A. U. rules lyill be eligible for these events. t Each team epn enter two men ip each match. By holding the entrie| to two, there will not have to- h§ heats run off. This will make for % faster and more interesting tOUr^s ney. Trophies will be awarded'foE the first and'second teams. . The Boilermakers are favoredr tO; to takq first place. Several of top men on the Riveter squa^ ^arh not going to enter, however^ Sqi either the Indiana or DePauw teamk may snatch a victory from the 60I4 and Black. DePauw has had a successful season, while Indiaftk was not so lucky, having lost mosi of thejr meets this year. -i . Some of the top men from Iiidi-: , ana are Pakucko, Franklin; and Savage. Pakucko is a fellow '^■wEd can swim almost any event and tie gpod in which ever he chooses; SiV- , age can either dive, or swim the frpe style, while Franklin is main-:, ly an outstanciing brgast stroke man. . DePauw has a very excelleht ■ swimmer in- Cook, who usually efi-i ters the 440 competition. Wildinanj a baekstroker; Barrows, a breaststroker and Packstin, freestyler ate other outstanding men for DePauwj
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
Intramural News By Dave Shryer With the COmiiig of spring both Ward and fraternity athletic teaiUs will open the baseball season soot}; The revised school program has hecessitated the advancement of all spring events on the intramural program: Entries from the Ward managets will be due not later than MondaX^ March| 23. Actuaf . jjractice ga^q^ will begin on the follpwing W.e|[t tiesday, March 25. Gold medals .'wiU be given to thq members of tbewiu|. ning team. ' First Qai«tes Tuesday : . In .the'fraternity division the practice games will be held Tiafe^day, March 24. The weakest in the Greek division will be picked iira .separate, league wth th4 firi| two teams entering the finals^ rest of the teams will be comlbfiE$il in a league with fhe first six t^o^ going to ’ the finals. ■ i. Fifty participation points awarded to each organization elltiiSw iug' a team. Forfeits will points to be deducted. Medals .tt| a team trophy are awarded to winning fraternitx, ■whilu.' M team in the lower league ■wiR reive a smaller trophy. ' ers 'I’he all-cauipus squash and hiiuton touraaiaents are nearhi iiuartev-final rounds. Ward singles are sche(|^ed to begfiji April G, while horseshoe will start on April 14., h ^
ll■Hllfe^
i-fi, n
Purdue Exponent
f Ltfn
in f '* ‘ ^
\ f . l-f ■i 'Si
Friday, Mdrcft 20, 1942
Former Students See Personnel Notes
Active Duty In Defense
Forces Of The Country
Seveial foimci Umvel«lt^ 'stu dents aie now seeing aitne duty m diffeient divisions of the United Na tions’ aimed foices Manv aie sei\ ing in both the Aim\ and Naw An Coips, v\hi]e soveial aio eni oiled in the RCAF and still anothei h«s le ccntlv landed with the foices in Austialia Commissioned Monda> Dick Wilej, of West Lafa\ette w'ho left the Univeisit\ last June at the end of the academic v eai was commissioned last Monda^ as a sec Olid lieutenant in the U S Ai my An Coips at Mathei Field neai Sacia inento, Calif He enlisted Augn't 15 and will bo heie Mondav cn loute to his new station at a I ouisian i an field Bill Pi ICO, E\ Science 41 of West Lafayette, is now a visitoi on the campus He is a sergeant pilot in the RCAF Becomes Ensign William C Belch ’21 who left the Univeisity last June iltci thice yeais as a student in mochanic il en gineeiing, has been commissioned an ensign in the Nayal Resene at the U S Nayal An Station at Tack sonvillc Fla Ensign Beach s home is in Detioit, Mich Lieut Russell Lehe A.g ’Jh fot incily ot Remington has landed in \ustialia, accoiding to woid ic cciyoil by tiiends I icut I die was on the WBAA staff while it Pin due and since giaduation has sciyid as assistant countv agent it Ft Wayne He w is called to aitivi duty last summci New Appoinlracnt Lieut Stcwait D Swiliiit Ins been appointed squadion adjutant loi the 473id Siiuadion at the flying
If inv scinoi IS Intel ested in an inteiviow with any of the following companies complete one of the yellow “Request toi Intelyiew ’ caids a supply of which is in youi school office You will be notified by caid fiom the Pnsonnel Office when to schedule an inteiyiew Wagner Electric Corpoiation, St Loins Mo Coming i,oon M E and EF Sign up in Peisonnel Office Diiqiiesne light Company, Pitts buigh Pa Coming soon ME and h F Sign up 111 Peisonnel Office Gcodinamic Prospecting Service, Indianapolis Indiana Adyanced chemist (with geology) Come to the Pei sonnel Office loi additional in
loimation '
Foster Wheelei Coip , New Yoik,
N A Coming soon M E
Geneial Aniline Works Giassel li New Jeiscy PhD in Chemistiy ind a majoi in Oiganic Chemistiy Come to the Peisonnel Office toi ad
ditional mfoimation
Carbide and CSiboii Chemicals (oip, S Chaileston W Va CE with a ma]oi in the stiuctuial as poets Come to Peisonnel Office toi
Juithei mfoimation
C 01 n Products Refining Co , Ai go, 111 Coming oon M E and Ch E Com Pioducts Refining Co, Aigo 111 —Maich 27 ME and ChE Wagiiei Eleetiic Company, St Louis Mo—Maich 30 ME and EE Sign up m Peisonnel Offiee Roots Connersville Blower Coip, Connei syille Ind — ME Come to Pei sound Offiee befoie Mai eh 26 Stimson Aireialt Division Wayne Midi—MF Sign iqi m Pcisonnel Office befoie Miieh 20
University Calendar Friday, March 20
Alpha Zeta Pledees And Actives Banquet date chanKcd to Thursday March 26 in room 363 of Union because ot late conflict on Umveisity Calendar Pledne tests apd initiation will be Wednesday, March 25 Pledges contact Dicsslin foi national and local constitutions —SWAIM
Student Senate Important meeting Tucs day Maich 24 at 7 30 p m in the Student Senate office All mcmbeis are expected to attend —DiSOS
Radio Club '■pm in 1 oom B of the E will bo locked at 7 1^
Meet Tuesday, IWareh 24, a2 • EE Building l^rs
-miles
4 00 PM—Defense Lectuie—Piofessoi Estey 4 !0 P M —Cosmopolitan Club Meeting 7 30 PM—Inter fiateinity Fellowship fi 30 P M —Gold Peppoi Dance
Condition Examinations Eicams in AM 21 and AM 22 will be given tn room 110 HoaVilon Hall on Saturday March 28 from 1 to 4 Permits may bo obtained in the mam office of Heavilon Hall —POORMAN
Student Senate All rflcmbeia of the Son ior Board will meet m the Senate office at t pm Iiiesday March 24 DIBOS
Student War Council Mectini, Saturday Maich 21 it 1 pm in the Student Senate Offuo DIBOS
SCA I ollowing students report to the SCA loom of the Union Motiday, March 28 at 1 p m Ruth Custei, Lawrence Boger, Dominic Mira Helen Lumpkin PUnny Pennington Elmei I undberg Paul Bela, Joan Bocknei Phyllis I cnville Anna Shively, Jim Uihaiigh Edward Humphrey and Joseph Mognvtio —TRUAX
EliTia Fowlei Hall Room 504, Union Room 307, Union Both Balhooms, Union
SCA Social ciiai^man If any co op house has two sets of tickets to the SCA Dance please let me know as soon as possible Call 2(48 —WOODWARD
Zouaves Dull Piiday Maich 20 4 pm Deflnito squads will he formed foi Miehigiiii State tup Date ol this tup will probably he ndnntul two weeks GRAP
Sophomore Debris Salesmen Sales hooka will be issued at 4 p m today in thp business office Be sine to get them —ADAMS
Professor F. E. Robbins To Direct Grain Grading School Monday, Tuesday
Junior Prom Committee Meotinff Piiday March 20 at H 45 Cary Hall East Dinner meetinir —BUI L
All EnfirinecrinR: Banquet Committee Mcctinj? lutsd'ij Much 21 at 8 p m in Union —NOTIIMANN
Classified Ads
Alpha Lambda Delta Pledging services will bo held Satmday March 21 at 1 p m in room 242 of the Union Every membci l( theic — MacDONALD
Plying Club Cl lb kcis lnv( ninod Any lie wishini, the ns iii w mav ph ino me at flVl HABICHr
per New Cabinet Retreat planning session Saturday Maich 21 in staff room of library Meet at fiont entrance at 1 30 pm Fveiybody be theie —IRION
Dolphin Ejiih Impnitnnt nicctni!,
NYA Workers Checks for period ending Much 7 are available at cashiers office m 1 xeciitivc Bldg -HOLI 1 NSBL
day Much il it 1 1 i in i om 101 ot the Pieldhoiis Iveivon plr iso ilUnd t( dis ciiss 1 inqiiet and electif n f ifliecis and team e ipta ii HPRR
All Students Wesley Polindation is spons soung a skating party tonight Persons wish^ me, to go should meet at the roiindgtlon house at 8 p m —DFLYOUNG
SCA Board Board meeting on Tuesday, Maich 24 at "30 urn in the SCA room ol the Union —-MOGAVEUO
fie.l(l it Fnul Okl i whtu Majoi Riiut Daveiijioi t who ,,,ia(lu lit (i in 1628 IS tommindmg officti I leiil Swm u f had littn cmjiloycd m Ft W lync until c tiled to .itfivc duty 11st 'Vugust
Giam giadmg school undci the diiection ot Pi of F E Robbins of the Agi onomy staff, will be conduct od at the Umveisity next Monday and Tuesdav' The school IS held piimaiily fbi elevatoi men and those who have to do with the giadmg ot giain, how evei anyone may enioll upon pay ment of the fee ot 50 cents icquiied to defi ay the cost of matei lals used Plot Robbins will teach the gliding of com wheat oats and soybeans while Di G H Cutlei and Piol I D Mayei will discuss new ciop va neties and giam stoi igc lespee tively The piogiam will also in elude Willis B Combs senioi mai keting specnhsl liom the U S A„ 1 icultui il Fvfciision Sc nice it Chi eago Giam gtaclmg schools will ilso he eoncluetecl in olhci paits ol the slate dm mg this month ind next Fuithci details ibout the school may be obtained liom Piiil Rob bins Ol fled S lie sceictuy ol the Inch in i Giam Dealt is Assoei ition
Wanted 1 nil time Rleno^rrapher and g:cncral office aHsiHiant Purdue hack ffround preferred Apply hy letter Exponent Box No 1
Ceres Pledjjes Sco Weathers for Ccic Riillotin as Boon la posbible —WEATHERS
Tjpewnters Adding Machine? all makoa ^ol 1 rented upaiicd and purchased Mimt ogr iph woik done C I I boisholT 6T)5 Mam I if lyottf Phono 2 "“O
Skating Party Ihc Liithornn Student As soLiation ol Amcrua will hold a skatihg party at Maple Point Monday night Minh 2^ Caib will loa\o the east dooi of the Union at 16 All dnvers will be gi%en a lipe ticket PvtiyoiH welcome bung yoiu fiiends —ANIAI
Lost Cold nng with Si^ma Chi cicst Initials / MC inside 1U\ \i ! Cill
lor Sale U ed poitible Unlerwood tvpt wiiUi elite lyie 1 \collcnt e ndition Ph no
Students wilncssin,-, iccilent n liont el Uni n M ! (1IV cvenint iftei C nv iik i e } h nc n 12 I Mu tha / il ill
hreshman Engineers Meet foi Enginoci iiiA, lectuies Saturdiy March *^1 at Sam bv schools Students whoso n inics begin with A r (.incl) Room 251 EF Building (soeond door lectuie loom) B Lc (incl) Room 129 LI Building Li R (mcl) room ^01 Cr Buillmf S/ (incl) lectuie loom in Michael Golden Shops Lite students will not be admitte 1 —KNAPP
Notices
( E 21 Makeup;, Txamination to lemove Card I gnclcs in C F 21 (strescs) will be enen in loom 801 of the Civil Buildiiii, finm 1 I I m Sitmday Maich 28 Ihise eon ( 1 ned coni let mi it i ncc —SONFSON
C,oamo Club Mcctini at " 80 Fi idav eve III in i joni 301 f the Uiii n Rigiilii iial m etine — KEI I AR
I’lirdiii Oiilmt. ( lal 11 oi o w ill 1 e i li I S 11(1 ly Miieli 22 t •’ i m it Uu Aim i% C II C il Hi mils I '10 I 111 r V It I 8121 I 1 11 IV 111 s 111 NNIS
nUrNDIY SFRVItE noiidvd Gas and Oil
Siniiir ( uilel Offiier'i S er m mini d I ly ( I Will 11 1 HI n h 1 I r 1 ai I 11 I 111 1 Is I li \ I I I I il I
I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. I
PMRONI/I IXI’ONINT ADVI RIISI RS'
Pill SPRJINC; iiilo your sU'p!
jhiil’s Phirr
POPCORN 1 Gallon t5c
so
BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Creim
HANDY
' Pinf 20c
Other flavors 17c pmf
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASjtONS Inivmiiv Book Store
Airnns Iium Union Re i Somni >ii8 29 l)o< Ppplo 40
Lei US repais- }our Iasi spring shoes so lhe\ will he as ^ood as new.
SAVE lor DEFEASE and repair shoes.
umn
dhpaifL
^ The stitthing, the glove-buecle failsh, and the dashing plume all add up to ?9 ^ of ^cdsy untoncun.”
nnn Muin si.
For All-Out Popularity!!
Everyihing jot n College Kdiiralion DEAL’S
sjK real sporty SMARTNESS GIVE ME MY
Sportive and spitfy, these play Of work slices I’n brown and white.
Be Vuijot mly Correct Iii BALTIMORE Oiialilv Clothes!
ijlLJ
It Ik 'll
Il 11(1
( me
, lu ^ U
Its
1 lo
1 S ■)! MIL,
10 12 A
M It
w icn
i n 1 1
1 inu
1 1
1 1 thi
ill
in 1 c
'( n
11 1 pojiiil
t itv
L( 1 1
lo 11 n
1 I llo
\ 1
1 ntet till
i
LI 11'
1 Ol
m
lilt
nc w
1 line
s lit inU 1
: I 1
ind
the t(Ipi
m
11 1
in
1 tin 111
K(t
1 lol in
1 ( Ik
\ )
f I
Uimoi (
(
usi
om
Q 11
lilj Still
IK U
111 1
ivc'
15 00 (0 S
10 0(1
Knox Ik 1 il
II Is 1 n t'i IK '
w * \ V C 1
, It s 1)
1 1 toll it S 1 1 1
il
'll
jiii
,.'11
I.'il!
loi 'll
11 il it i 1
1\
! i I
)\\
0
1
1
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP 4HM3mSf Phone 2873
^eiiJsUidL.
Yummy pQstelThat the youny crowd adores' The frock on the left hos thol smart two piece look c eated by a contrast nQ triple peplum effect The frock on the ght has o new fly front and flattenny fullness to sktrt
Both frocks are destined to 90 ploce^
1] to )5
Sold Exclusively in Lafc'iyei'l'e nt
i.uniics .siiBP il
Palais Roual
unii ll’s all you rs
(IVe itieuii the s/z/ir, of eoutse)
Any ol lh(‘ liiK'sl and lal<‘sl styles in Aiioiv sliirls can In* hail al Dewenler’s. We can’t promise a <lal<‘ with every shirl, lull your chances will increase willi your siijiply of Arrows from . . .
riPXKITMTFP’Q JL/JIi W JL EiJEl d
416 Main Street