tbNIGNt Beards, Babes, Beasts At Boilermaker Ball
7 Cross-Coififtfynifit Win Major lotfdrf
Vpiume 53, No. 77
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, December 12. 19#
Raschel To Play For SDX Circus Rasslers Tonight
Riveter Cagers Will M^t De Paul ^ i. , "T; \ ^~rT~ Second Game Of New Season
Relief Funds Committee Starts Fall Drive Today
Clowns Will Entertain
To Start At 7:30 In Field house
( Under the direction of Prof. F. C. Hockema, the Relief Funds Coordinating Committee will launch its fall drive for used clothing, books and magazines today. The drive will continue until Wednesday, Jan. 7, and articles received will be
distributed to various relief agencies.
The committee, composed of twelve students and three faculty members, was recently appointed by President E. C. Elliott to combine the many
former drives into one program for direct distribution of
the gifts.
Aid War Victims
Clothing will be sent to civilians ill war-torn areas, books will be sent to army camps, and magazines will eitheivbc distributed as books or sold in order to buy blankets and other necessary articles. The committee is appealing to every yniversity student or faculty iliember to contribute any of these
PROBABLE LINEUPS Position
F F C G G
PURDUE Sprowl ' Tierney Menke Blanken (C)
Riley
Officials: Referee, Earl Townsend, Michigan; umpire, John Townsend, Michigan. Broadcast; WBAA, Purdue.
DE PAUL Cominsky
kelly
Wiscons
Webb
Wozny
Eriks Msnn, Writsr, Pemne, Rose, Davis, Henderson, Darrow Reign
Lecturer, To Speak At Convo Tomorrow
DEFENSE TALK . . . Dean Stratton Advises Coeds In War Crisis
By Doris Pickering
Last night Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton talked to the WRH
articles which they do not need. Wool women in the North Hall recreation clothing is especially needed. room on the part that University Student Committee coeds can play in national defense. In addition to Pi of. Hockema, ghg began by saying that women Prof. Mary L. Matthews, dean of the must have the courage and ability School of Home Economics, and take it.” The woman’s part in
Prof. L. M. Scars, of the history department, represent the faculty on the doUnmittec. Student members include Dick Dibos, Damon Elder, Florence Croll, Agnes McCulloch, Cforia Fox, Barbara Ann Adkins,
defense is not dramatic but faces
leality. i
Dean Stratton continued by listing a group of things that college women can do. (1) Keep physically fit. Do not lower your resistance or
the articles, w.e.r.
Dr. Elliott To Replace W» LBatt As Defense Convocation Speaker
Mjldrcd Owens, Mary Ellen Scarff, food by drinking cokes and Bob Stecker, Rex Mayfield, Lee ^jgsing meals, “You can’t win a war Buffnor, and Bill Farber. cokes.” (2) Keep things moving Contributions should be sent to normally as possible. Do not go to the central depository in the Union, extremes. (3) Conserve human and or members of the committee, if physical resouices. We all know that contacted, will arrange to call for God-given privilege of col-
lege students to “gripe,” but this is o;ie time.that we must show appreciation to those who help around the campus, such as mauls, kitchen
workers, etc.
Also conseive powei such as elective lights, which, according to the general concensus of opinion, WRH has no tiouble doing—especially after 7 p.m./(4) Learn to live together. The present mess exists because
President Elliott will replace Wil- jjjjtions can not get along together Ham L. Batt at the special defense people must learn to do that
convo, to be held in the Music Hall
at 11 a.in. Monday. Batt was forced Dean Stratton then answered a to cancel his speaking engagement number of questions which have because of the increase in his work paiamount in oui minds. Purdue to the hational emergency. ^j^gg ^he only luason Also participating in the special eollcges closed in the last war was convoci^tion will be Dick Dibos, because of flu. There will be veiy president of the Student Senate, and j.^^,g_ courses. Agnes McCullough, president of tij-ae it is necessary to AWS, who will speak on the attitude j^ggp your chin up, your worries to of the student body towaids the wai. yourself, and to keep going. This is Music for the occasion will be fur- ^ crisis—but the beginning of a nished by the Symphonic Band, Con- pull.” As Amelia cert Choir, and Glee Club. Earhart once said, “Courage is the All classes will be dismissed at pj.jce that life exacts for granting 11 a.m, in order that the entire stu- pg^cc. The soul which knows it not, dent body and staff may attend this j^^g^g ^g jcig^se from little things.”
special convocation.
WBAA will broadcast the entire m ,• A 1.4. Jt convocation for the benefit of those UGIGQ^iIOTI AtlGHuS
who. arc unable to attend, .i.d.s. WintGrrowd Burial
Vogler Speaks Before yesterday
Members Of Ag Staff
W. E. Vogler, diiector of peisonnel, addressed members of the Agi icultural staff at a recent meeting sponsored by the committee on methods of teaching. J. A. McCliiitock is chairman of the committee. Subject of Vogler’s talk was “What We Do Through Methods of Teaching to Prepare Students for Po.sitions Seeking University Trained men?” Records used by the personnel department for the benefit of engineer - ing and science students were displayed and it was indicated that a similar system might be organized by the School of Agriculture. In addition to the work done by the personnel department proper, Vogler emphasized faculty assistance in guiding students through individual problems. Decenti alization of personnel work is necessary tor effectiveness, he said, and specially Gained individuals cannot handle the entire program completely without aid from faculty members having closer lelations with students.
Fuiici’al SOI vices for William H. Winterrowd, ME ’07, and late president of the University Alumni Association, were held yesterday morning at Hope, Winteriowd’s foinier
home.
Staff 11101111)01 s who attended the luneial were E. B. Baugh, F. C. Hockema, A. A. Potter, H. G. Venemann, Blanche Miller, C. J. Zufall, Mai Elward, Guy Mackey and C. S. Doan. Chris Stockei, “Doc” Anderson and L. D. Hiner are townspeople who attended. A delegation from Kappa Alpha Theta sorority, of which Jane Winteiiowd, HE ’42, is a member, included Peggy Davis, Jacqueline Deckel, Mary Lou Fleager, Eleanor Miller and Maitha Raub. p g.h.
Acacia
. . . social fraternity announces
the initiation of Robert E. Fischei, KenjJallville; Hubert H. Forbes, Kendallville; Portei C. Davis, Green Fork; James E. Baynes, Salem; Flank K. Mitchell, Bionxville, N. Y.;
Cone P. Baynes, Richmond.
Tonight at 7:30 Coach Piggy Lambert's cagemen make their second start of the new season. Their opponents will be the Blue Demons of DelPaul. After showing flashes of brilliance in their opening encounter against Wabash, the Riveters will attempt to pit a smooth, fastSanf Welders Discuss Role
Lambert sent his men through a brief session, specializing in fast breaks and quick, rapid passes. After a brief foul shooting drill, they retired to the showers. Last night’s woikout was completed be-
fore five o’clock. Seek Revenge
The Boilermakers will be seeking revenge against the DePaul team which has defeated them two years in succession. Two years ago the Demons copped a 37-25 decision, while last year the Riveters received their only non-confei-ence deSee DePAUL on page 3 Phyllis Bate Receives First Prize In Better Homes Poster Contest Phyllis Bate, Sci ’44, has been named the wmnei of the poster contest which was sponsoied by Bcttei Homes in America. Miss Bate’s winning design will be reproduced on posters for this organization and will be distributed during the coming spiing to all local chairman for better homes thioughout the na-
tion.
Poster Symbolizes Program The first prize postei shows a modernistic house, done in coloi, symbolizing the national piogram of Better Homes m Ameiica Phyllis was awarded a cash prize offered by G. S. Meikle, University directoi of research relations with industry and vice-president of Bettei Homes in America. The postei which won the second prize was submitted by Patricia McKnight, a fi’eshman student in home economics. She was given the cash prize offered by R. B. Stewait, University controllei, who is treasurer of better homes organization. Honorable mention for theii poster designs went to Phyllis Mann, Constance Kibler, and Beita Katz, all freshmen students in home econom-
ics.
Faculty Conduct Contest Prof. Laurentza Schantz-Hansen, Miss Doris Piper and Miss Louise Baird of the applied design department conducted the contest. Acting as judges of the students’ posters were: Mrs. R. B. Stewart of West Lafayette, Miss Ruth Austin of the home economics faculty and Bertram S. Klein, a jiinioi forestiy student. p.s. Clarence Iry, EE '16, Dies In Washington Lieut. Col. Claience N. Iiy, EE ’16, was found dead yesterday in Washington, D. C. After graduating Col. Iiy spent a year on a fellowship at the Westing house Company in Pittsburgh. In 1917 he entered the army as a lieutenant of engineeis, later being promoted to captain. He spent many months overseas , and |remained in the army following the war, using to the rank of Lieutenant Colonel Col Iry was boin at Andrews, Iiul. and lived in Gary foi a time after the Woild War a l.w.
Symposium, Discussion Climax Final Sessions At the opening sessions of the seventeenth annual confeience on welding, meeting at the University yesteiday and today, the role of that industry in defense production as well as problems occasioned by priorities were given attention. Manufacturers and users of welding equipment are coopeiative with the University in the conduct of the program, which is devoted to the latest developments and possibilities of both electric and oxy-acetylene
welding.
Morning Demonstrations After registiation, yesterday moi'ning was given ovei to inspection of demonstrations and exhibits conducted by 21 different firms on various phases of the industiy, including hard surfacing, atomic hydrogen welding, aluminum weldingi preparation of plates, and the welding of biass, bronze and othei non-
feious metals.
This morning will be devoted to a symposium on methods of Gaining weldeis and a discussion of machine gas cutting for national defense by R F. Helmkamp and A. H. Yoch, of New York, in addition to a continuation of the various demonstrations and exhibits. 0\y-Acetj'lene Welding * The care and maintenance of oxyacctylene welding equipment was outlined by R. B. Jewett of the Linde All Pioducts Co., Indianapolis, at the opening technical session yesteiday afternoon. A round table on new developments m salvage and maintenance provided another high-
light.
Yesteiday evening the question of priorities as they affect the welding shop was discussed by L. W. Dunham, manager of piiorities of the E. C Atkins Co. of Indianapolis, and a i epi esentative of the Office of Pro-
duction Management, a.l.w.
YWCA Will Present
The fourth convocation of the year tomorrow night at 7:30 in the Music Hall will feature a lecture by Erika Mann, daughter of the world famous novelist, Thomas Mann, and authoi of many indictments of Nazism. The subject of Miss Mann’s lecture will be “Searchlight Through the Blackout.” Miss Mann has had many chances to observe the growth of Nazi power in the old woild. Although a Bi itish subject, because of her mariiage to the poet W. H. Auden, she has spent the major portion of her life in Gcimany and other parts of occupied Europe. Playwright, Actress Miss Mann trained foi the stage under Max Reinhardt, has written childicn’s stories and travel books. She also wrote, produced and acted m a satiiical review “The Pepper Mill,” which has had more than a thousand petformances in ten different countries. She was in Czechoslovakia duiing the Munich ciisis and visited Spam duiing the Spanish Civil War. She also lived in Fiance and other nations of western Europe before the start of the war. Writes About Germany Miss Mann is the author of “School for Barbarians,” “The Lights Go Down,” “Escape to Life” and “The Other Germany.” The last two books were written in collaboration with her brother Klaus. t dmission to the convocation will y passport, season ticket, or by tickets which will be sold at the door. PIA Executives Postpone lomorrow's Ward Party Due to conflicts in scheduling, the PIA Ward party originally scheduled for tomorrow has been postponed. The Ward party was to have been held in the Memorial Gymnasium tomorrow night. However, a combinat,ion of schedule conflicts and housing complications forced the PIA executi\e board to postpone this party until after Christmas vacation. Exiioiiiiiit SuiiIiDiiinrBs Assignments for tonight’s issue are as follows: Night Editor—Hoskins Issue Editor—Boswinkle Day Editor—Pickering Soph-in-charge—Starr Stay over—Glaspie Proof—Rafert, Ochiltree and Butz All other sophomore workers are expected to report tor work at 4 p.m. tonight. —RUFFNER
At Brawl After 1,915,485 Votes Flood Ballot Boxes
By Dave Ochiltree
Stuff QueeiLS galore will reign as the annual Sigma Delta Chi Boilermaker Brawl swings into action in both ballrooms of the Union at 9 tonight. Appropriate jungle rhythms folr the rassle, which this year takes on the form of a circus with all the accompanying features, -
will be furnished by Jimmy
Raschel's Negro band.
Playing mostly around Detroit, Raschel has had wide experience in recent years over the Columbia, Mutual, and National netwoxks and recentlyly played for an entire season at the Graystone ballroom and over
ladio station WJR in Detioit.
Wow—Five Queens!!
“Beauty, peisonality, and especially “stuff” was the basis on which three stuff queens were to be elected. But due to inaccuiate means of counting the 1,915,485 votes cast in the recent elections
the Sigma Delta Chi officers, wish- LaVonne KeUar, is to advise mg to live a little longer, declared students as<t6
what is expected of them in theik rfe-i
Cosmopolitan Cl# To Hold Convenfiop
On Campus
University Cosmopolitan Club wjSl act as host to members of the dob from 78 universities and colleges in the United States in a three-day conference Dec. 21-23. The theme ef this meeting, to which 10,060 foreign and American members have been invited, is “Humanity: Democracy the Aim of Cosmopolitamsm.” Its purpose, according to local pres-
See RASSLE on page 2
Sfee/e To DodicatG NggIgy Memorial WgsIgy Foundation
of
lations with Amerdcans in view the present national situation. Registration, room assignment, and orientation will begin Sunday noon. At a buffet supper that nig£ff, national president Luis DeBa^e, ChE ’42, will introduce asstlWk dean of men Fred Goldsmith, who
Dr. Otto Scott Steele, dii ector of will in turn present President J? C. the Wesley Foundation, will lay the Elliott who will give a word of welcornerstone of the Neeley Memorial come. - Wesley Foundation building at 2:30 _ Monday’s activities will include A p. m. Sunday. The building is being national business meeting andpknel erected at the corner of State and discussions on subjects pertainingto Sheetz streets in West Lafayette, the club, its organization, aqd afttThe program includes a hymn by tude expected of foreigners in. rethe First Methodist chuich choir, gard to the present national emerscnptuie sentences and invocation gency. Monday evening will be fea* by Rev. E. R. Balsley, a responsive ture night, with A. A. Potter, Dealt reading, a piayer of consecration of Engineering and member of the by Di. B. D. Beck, Lafayette dis- national defense board, as principtil trict superintendent and president speaker. Deans of the University of the boaid of directors. Dr. Beck will be special guests for the prowill place the stone, and the dox- gram which will feature dancing
and other acts typical of the Various countries represented at the
confeience.
Another national business meet-
ing, during which final resolutions and laws will be decided upon, and a tour of the campus will conclude
the conference on Tuesday.^ The Union will be appropriately
decoiated inside and out with fidgs of many countries and balloon worlds. Foreign representatives of
W. T. Winther will speak before ‘^e University Cosmopolitan Club a meeting of the AIEE next Tues- include students from Chlna» day in room 129 of the Electrical Nicaragua, Colombia, Peru, AigenEnginecring building. He will talk Costa Rica, Turkey, Germany* on “Speed Control in Squirrel Cage Formosa and Thailand. Half of the
ology and benediction will follow. After the ceremony, a tea will be held at the Foundation House, 116 Sheetz Street, to which all who attend the laying of the cornerstone
aie invited.
W. T. Winther To Address Meeting Of AIEE Tuesday
members of this
can. w.g.h.
Induction Motors” and illustrate his
speech with equipment.
Most of the motors and other elec-
trical equipment is furnished by the Pi Beta Phi
Lotns-Allis Co., with whom Winther is affiliated. Ajusto-Spede variable speed induction motors will be the chief demonstrating article, w.s.
club are Ameln-
. . . will hold its annual faculty tea Sunday afternoon from 3 to
p.m.
Girls Lack Administrative Training
Capers'Tomorrow Pashion Editor Establishes School
To Instruct Feminine Executives
“Coed Capeis,” third annual coed stunt progiam will be presented tomorrow at 2:30 p.m. in the south ballroom of the Union. YWCA will sponsoi the capers which consists of a senes of ten-miiiute skits presented by soroiities and the three
women’s residence halls.
These organizations will coihpete lor the Decker Trophy. Chi Omega won the trophy last year with a skit about the ratio. Winners are
chosen by three judges.
Local representatives will be sent to the Y^WCA confeience held each summer at Lake Geneva with the proceeds of the affair. Tickets may be seemed for 15 cents Iroin the YW CA office and fiom Cindy Hague, chairman of the program, e.h.a.
Fred Conger
. . . spoke to the current ^airs gioiip of YWCA yesterday on the subject “Radio Propaganda.” Mr. C'ongei is associated with WBAA.
By Jean Lauer In 1937 as she was looking about to pick hei successoi as fashion editor of the Ladies Home Journal, the position which she had held for five years, Julia Cobuin realized that young women in the fashion field needed training which would prepare them more quickly to work towards and assume executive positions. To fulfill this purpose she founded the Tobe-Cobiirn School for Fashions, located m the center of New York’s fashion world. Accoiding to Miss Cobuin, who spoke here yesterday, retailing, merchandising and adveitising do not 1 equn e a natural endowment of tajent; rather,-they require determination plus imagination and ideas. She stressed the fact that it is not wise for a buyer or stylist to promote
fashions that she herself finds appealing but which the general public might not care for at all. To emphasize this she quoted a proverb, “it’s the taste of the fish and not of the fisherman that determines the bait.” One Year Course The Tobe-Coburn course is highly concentrated, lasting for but one year, and is open to girls who have had two or more years of college training. Miss Cobuin believes that a knowledge of English composition and literatiue is highly important because of the excellent vocabulaiy tiaining both provide. She says, “Composition is the giving out, while literature is the taking m . . . you must have a balance of the two.” This year three former University students are enrolled in the school. One is Doiothy Kolai, who was awarded one of the five fellowships
offered over the whole country year. The others are Vinton Taylot and Jean Ann Ruffner. Practical Experience At present these girls and all the othei gills m tl/e school are wo^biBfil in one of New York’s major department stores, gaining the pracUoU experience which is featured in Tobe-Coburn crmieulum. When questioned as to the future of the fashion world. Miss Gobtirn answered that for the next five years, at least, the future is brig:ht|, and that the volume of buslness’rvllt rise alon^ with the rise in priees. She reminded that during the war merchandising went on at Ha usual pace, and people khpt oif ing under the impetus that it wia best to buy at the present, fbr might go sky-high in the yedlra fa come 111 j.l. ,
m 4
imPurdue Exponent
Friday, ^Ibec&mher 12,'d 941
f, PllSi
MW mMi
. .
60-JKWHI>
(Ccintililiaed.fl'om p&ge‘l'): <r ■ any tialididate i'^birmg dvSr '2db>000
■viOtes a queenv \
, . . ... 1 1 > ‘ j. 1 The title of “Queen of the BareAiming to increase the number of men available for teeh- Riders” went to Becky Ann nical jobs in defense industries:, the University,. through its Pervine and her-mimeograph with.' Engineering, Science and Management - Defence .Tfa-ihirigi^ro- a grand total of 484,269 votes cast ■gram uMer the direction of Prof. G. W; Beese, is conducting in her name. Next in line is “Queen classes in. .industrial centers throu^liout the. sta^. A^re^ Polling a^ total:^df ’^68,507
‘]^|i%aaid ^ Shine]
Connally Askst Bl^nt iQu^stions About Navy's Napping During lap Attack
Washington, Dec
4,900 students have enrolled jlpithese training courses' and ' neafly a quarter of a -tnilllon dollars'has been e^xpeYided. Forty-six different courses ranging from the fundamentals of'dfaw■htg to the'chemistry of powder and. Cstpldsivcs' arc included in the extensile cnrriCU'lum,"'wMle'fifteen ddflitidnai cotitses'have BCcii scheduled for next semester. Classes are now meeting in 60 cities throughout the state. ■ ' . ■ . '
criticism over the Most Popular Courses
votes, the pride of thfeU Exponent boys ran'- »■ distant 'bUt hever^theless second through the 'effoii^ts of the ‘’Exponent’s recently acquired
press.
Peg cu R«o HU), Algo' Qtteeii - Peggy Davis took' the title of “Queen-of the Tight Wire,” pplliirg 362,003 votes after a-’slow .staiit ' ' , . 1; ., with 'only three Votes cast up" to State teachers and other inter- j^gj. j^our. Marguerite Henderested persons wllr meet on the sOn became‘-‘Queen'of the Flopping campus tomori'OW to consider through a campaign 'of methods of interesting high school chalked signs on campus buildings
Navv’<? Aratrir failurp at Hawaii broke m’ivdtelv and before The largest number-of men and ^ freight cars that netted 344,Navy s ape tailme at Havail hl^e pnvately, and betore are enrolled in productlbn plane buikhng. The University En- sss votes. Dhst but hot least of the the.'.publid knew any details, at the President s Sunday night gupei.vigjon ,iengineeVing fundamen- Aeromodel- gt^ff queens is June Darrow,
ni-.u 1 X. K. 1 (iQuggjj .qf Lion Tamers.” Miss
Club have temporarily joined the Air Youth of America in sponsoring this educational event. President E. C. Elliott, a member
session with Cabinet and congi essional chiefs. tals and production engineering. EnSenator Tom Connally of Texas, chairman of the Foreign gineering fundamentals is a basic Relations Committee, was particularly insistent ih. asking course'niider 'the progfam- ih ap-
blunt questions as to why our forces were caught unprepared, phed mathematics and physics, and tho au- * X, u" i. j • 1 m „ .fti j • r ismedUired-to admission to many of of the board of directors of the Air As. the Gablinet and congressional advisers filed into the ^ke more advanced courses. Youth of America, will address the
large red room on the second floor of the White House, the college Grade SttbjCcts
President greeted them grimly, saying he.supposed they had all been listening to the radio reports and knew what had happened ; that there was lit- ——— —^ rtle .to .add .except to say, of rehearsed these’tac-
The All-American chowderhead has his troubles on the field in the new'coinCdy hit from 20th Ceiitiiry-FOx, Mai*k Hellinger’s "Rise atitt Shine.” That’s Jack Oakie carrying the ball, and it looks very mufch as
Daribw’s hard working crew man- if Linda Darnell and George Murphy' will have to carry him off the aged to stuff 272,667 votes into the jigy; starts Saturday at the Mars. . ' ballot box. These queens will be -,■] ■ . , . .. ' ’ . -, . . .. .. ,
presented at 10:30.
Extra—^Police Gazette Edition Sigma Delta Chi tabulators
Agronomists Judge Cora'laust Will Address
Meredith Clilb
gimip in a short morning session.
• All the courses'are of college Alison‘Arnold, ME ’43 and Aero- port that these two million votes q mi ^ • grade but do hot carry ci'edit to- modeler Club treasurer, and Ernest be put to goodti&e tonight, but X^Orttf OfTldlf \jt-ainS ward a'degree. A e'drtificate 'is Gihiache, executive director of Air refjise to disclose ho'w, why or what ^ r^i awarded-by'the UniVersity-to those Youth in America will be the two used for. As has al- /f) LafaYGttQ SHoW Who sucCe.ssfully complete the 'Pi'i'^cipal speakers. Gamache, who ^vays been the custom in previous ' course. Most of the classes meet two hhs studied methods of trainihg ^J^ggJgg t;he haughty but nice University agronomists will act
same strategy of surprise and flank nightS'a week, three hours'Oaeh, for youth in aviation in 'United States police Gazette Vill be published at gg judges as the Eleven Counties
course, that he would ask Con- ^gg^ everyone knew that it was this gress to declare war. same strategy of surprise and flank
“But Presldentj” spoke attack which has won Hitler victory a period Of twelve weeks: The Sec- and abroad, will describe the types
up Connally, “what in the tvorld was wfOng with our
forces at Haw’aii? Appaiently jjis troops picked out-the one spot
after victory. His bombers wiped ond term under this program will out polish airdromes before Polish begin the'first week in January, h.e.
planes could get off the ground. . ' ' .
they weren’t on the job. How did
they‘‘get caught like that?” The President replied he was unable to answer, as complete reports'Had hot been received, but on the basis bf reports which had come in, the damage to manpower ' and equiphieht was pretty heavy. Pressed by Connally for details, the President said that on the-basis, of information received up to then, at least one battleship and one destroyer had been sunk arid about 1,600 killed. “It’s aritazihg: to me that our
Army and Navy forces weren’t prepared for an attack,” said Connally. “I can’t under-stand how that Japanese airplane carrier and those
in the French Ma'ginot Line, the Meuse, which no Frenchman ever
thought he Would try.
The'fact that U, S. Admii'a'ls ignored these lessons is now'com'r ing under congresSrorial scrutiny. , But 'the explanation is not hard to 'find. It is in the Annapolis clique of admirals Who aire the
real rulers of the Navy.
For instance, the commander of the Scouting Fleet in the Pacific i's Admiral Walter S. Anderson. As commander of the Scouting Fleet it was his job to scout for and detect ■any enemy approaching Honolulu. However,- Admiral Anderson was once commander of the 4th Cruiser
submarine’s eould -have approached Division, and duriflg naval maneuv-
6f organization of model airplane
clubs..
“An open . discussion of lessons that can be learned from model air-
the dance and the officers of the fra- Corii and
ternity promise us that it will contain all the latest undisclosed cam-
The show started
plane building will be held in the will be the fraternities’ side shows.
Small Grain Show held
in the Lafayette Armory this week,
pus activities. The show started yesterday, and Another attraction of the evening runs through tomorrow.
.aftei'hOOn session, - following sound film, “Youth Takes
the to
given in true circus style. Prizes will be given for the best of these
so cldse wdthout someone being w-are of them.” • Spa! Wifh Knox The plain-talking Texan also turned his quiz guns on Navy Secretary KnOx, demanding“sharply: “What’s the matter with those commanders of yours out there?” Knox defended the officers, contending they- were brave and conscientious. ’ ' ' “T'didn’t question their courage or integrity,” retored Connally. “What the country wants to knowpis.,-Avhy TOur - forces were caught napping.” (T Annapolis Admirals On the night Japan caug'ht American forcesmripping in Hawaii, Governor Charles Edison of New Jersey,' formerly Secretary of the Navy, was being entertained in AVashirigton. Very few "details of the rittack .had trickled in at that time; -But immediately Edison remarked; ’ “Jndginig by the ricAvs so far, they have liried the strategy'we had ahvays suspected. By this liinri‘1 would say the Japanese had' taken Guani, Wake and Kodiak Bay (in the Aleutian Islands).” . YVhat cx-Becretary of the Navy Edison referred to was the faCt that the Navy , many times has staged its Pacific maneuvers on the theory that . Japan would make a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. .In fact, just two years ago, the’Army "arid Navy staged war games around Hawaii, and the Army “sank” the Navy by using exactly , the same strategy of the Jap,artese.^getting Up early and taking them by surprise. / Furthermore, even if U. S. armed
"• Weslfey Vespers - 'Wesley Ve.ipers will be held Sunday evening at 5:45 p.m.'at the Fir.st Methodist Church. This will be the Annual Christmas Vespers com-
posed of Dickens’ Christmas Oriioi operation of as recorded by Ronald Coleman, who biOdel and ai
'plaJ^s 'Scrooge. THe Student Choir Will also participrite in the program.
•Everyone is invited. Roger Williams \Club
The Roger Williams Club will sponsor'a Christmas party Tuesday 'eVehing for some Lrifriyette underprivileged children.' All club members are invited to attend. Admis-
sion Will'be ten CePts.
Helen Cox Will give “A Christmas Story” at the 'eVening 'meeting of the Roger W’illiams Club at 6:30 p.m. Sunday. The Club drama-group will present a play in the church auditorium at 7:30. The club will pre-
Wings.” R. 'L. Slorin, instructor in as well as the prizes given for the Civil 'Engineering, ‘Dick Oboi'Ski, various categories of beards. InHenry Velkoff, and Keneth Harker | eluded in the list of best beard will talk on cChstruction of scale prizes will be oPe given for the best models, gliders, rubber and .gas feminine beard, that is the best
ers ip the Caribbean in 1938 his entire flA2t was ‘-‘sunk.” He had permitted his ships to come within the direct liPc of fire of the big guns
of the opposing fleet.
This was a blunder which most officei's could not "easily ll've down. However,' Anderson Was an APnapolis classmate of Admiral Harold Stark, now chief of NavaF Operations and a power in the Navy. An-
'derson was made chief of Naval In- gq^t the yule' candle to an outstaPdtelligence. Later, to the surprise of i^g. member of the West Lafayette
almost everyone, he was promoted to the key eommaird of the Scoutin,g Fleet in the Pacific, where he was supposed to ward off any en-
cniy. attacks.,
(Copyright, 1941, by United Vj Feature Syndicate, Incx) '
Baptist-'Ghiirch.
JorPre^€intciS§con(l High School Broadcast Today at 4:30 p.m. members of the West’Lafayette High School will present its monthly prd.gr&m 'Pvdr WBAA. The glee club under the direction of Helen Roth and Marshall Howenstein will sin'g, and students will render solo selections during
the program.
• Xrrias-Sicating Rarty Annual Wesley Christmas and Skating Party will be held at the Wesley Foundation Hou.so Friday night from 8 to lO. After the party at the house, the group will leave for the skating rink and skating will be‘enjoyed from 10 to 12. The total cost for the evening will be 25c. AH |tridrints a're.iPvitgd. Williaitts Taki^ lip® rrom University Staff
powered models and radio con-
trolled models.
Added featiire'of the one day,session will be a demonstration Of the
a radio-controlled exhibit of several
types of aiiqjlane models., a.l.s.
Servicue
Daily Repcxrt ‘ T. I'’. Hale, ME''42, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital last Saturday for surgical treatment and ivas Mscharged Monda.v. H. P. Voth. En'g. ’45, entered Home Hospital Monday for medical - treatment, arid Margaret Clark, HE ’44, Virginia Hcckart, HE ’44, and Betty 'Winingham, Sci ’45, were admitted to the WRII infirmary Mon-
day.
W. F. Ilershcy, ME ’-11, wasri'S- , charged- from • surgery at St. Elizabeth Hospital Monday, and
tion. Prizes are to be awarded the
winners, .g.w.s.
Prof. G. H. .Cutler, Prof.. W. W. Worzella and A. H. Probst will judge small grains, clovers and soybeans. Prof. A. T. Winacko, head of the A.gronomy department, and Prof. R. R. Mulvey will judge the
corn show.
bearded lady, the reddest beard and The show^ includes 67- classes of the bushiest beard. hay and gram, and proimnent gr'OAyIn addition to the circus side from 'ad,ioimng counties will shows will be a corps of fun loving Pi'O’lucm for competi-
clowhs' who will circulate through the rasslers throughout the evening. Also on the program of the evening will be an exhibition given by the University Gymnastic Club. This club is directed by Wally Pozer and includes Fred Turner, Dave Morrison, Ed Gruis, Wayne Brown, Fred Speyer and Lewis Ware. Those who have not as yet acquired their tickets may-get them from any Sigma Delta Chi member
W. K. Lancet, ME Hospital Monday.
Cora Fairiit of tKe Foster ‘Shop will be-;the guest speaker ;rit-'a meeting of the Virginia G. Meredith Club at 7:45 p.m. Monday »n (he auditoririin of the Hottie Eripriomics building. Miss Faust-wilF ■ demonstrate gift vVrrip'pihg ririd will also Have a display-of gifts appropriate for the holiday 'riOri- ■ son. ' ■ ' '• ■: ■ ‘ . V Members are urgeu to" bi'in'g'to the iincetirig cririnOd or-dried' friod, clothing, or toys'for needy'f'riitiil- , ies Of the coinmifnity. Arraitgemerits for the program and riefresHrii'ents were ‘made 'by Betty BroAvii, Ruth Hinshri'w, Rorieiriary Anderson and Betty GOdsey. e.hla.
. GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OcbASIONS - lliMvi'rsily B«ok Stun*
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S- ;
ROSE n't HAL'S 322 Main St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGregor sipORTsWEv^R
W. A. Williams of the division of education and applied psychology „
Brook High School will present and a m'e'mber ' of the supervisory the second in the iiew series' of high staff for the vocational agricultural school guest programs over WBA'A te^cjhei's of the .state, has berin ? tomorrow morning at 11:30. ‘ The grrinted 'a leri-ve Of absence froriv the ■ prograin is under the supervision of 'University staff. He will Serve as asPaul D. Egli, director of the‘Bribrik ‘distant state supervisor of agriculHigh School band. tural education for youth out of
The program features the various school,
musical groups of the • seho'ol-'and 'This nciv work is part of the tlri;- ■ they will offer classical and semi- fensc training program developed, classical selections. The .sriries is by the U.'B. Office of Education and'' 'under the auspices of Karl Kraft, other federal agencies to speed up’’ Clinton Qounty musical supervisor, the training of persons for defense w.s. work. a
G, F,^MAZP,A lamps HOT '^biNt Appliances BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 'Sfate St. Dial 5952
DR. PAUL "A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD I 'RISK —'UENTISTS 400-'404“Schlilti''Bl£ri); - ' 4Hi and Main Sr. ‘L'afaVottd!
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded ' Gas .and o1l T. & R. OIL GO., Ine ---.WS
fiimtwL £xfmmd:, All-American 194b-'41-.
, Entgr^ as second.class matter at the post office in Laf>yette, Indlrina, under the act of Congress of Mair^Ii 3, W79, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Octriber 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Pnhlished daily except'Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally “by carrier Tor $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. ’ ‘
EmUr-lo-Chief Ntwa £ditor....... Sports £.d,ftar .
.. Ned A. Ochiltree BilHiheSs Mpnager.. ..John lx Traugott Managiitg 'Editor . ..Phil Johnson Coed Editor
.!......I)on S. Powers ..Lelahd W. ftiiffncr .Riitli Rose
'Publication Staff Asiiociato EUiturs EtUiorUI Htdif:'J. F. Amos. J. H. Arm.strong, D. I. Brophy, R. L,' Hodlcy. F. l! Jones, K. G, Kieper. Kports Hfaffs 0. T. Clark, J. l). Fraser, J. S. Keeler. Cord.btall:mar'y. K. Boyntor., Alice .Chaineld, Jane Ramsdell.
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess : Office Manager: Lee Bosson^. • . I.4ieal Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R, E. Saxtori : Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard, Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd Julia Martin.
itnd Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 I Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national a-lvcrti-sihg by National Advertis•’ollego Publishers Representatives, 420 MadiSoh Ave., New 'Fork, N. Y,
Staff For This' Issue
Night BdJtor: Brophy
ItMio
Editor i
Storr
Day Editor: Boynton Eports Editor: Keeler
U'./'l
Reporters: D. Picktrmg. J. Tierliey, E/ Ahrens, P. Sten. berg. B Nicho son, J. Lauer, W. Vermillion. P. G. Hoftman, II el W; G. Hoskins, S. Riehardson. W. .Summer.;, R. Sikillman, L. Slone, W. E, Hafert, D. Ochiltree. Sports: J. S. Dawson, D. M. Sliryer, H. A. Harrington, P. M. Miller.
—TODAY - 5ATURPAYIt’s Stan and OlJieT funkiest, fote!
^ TODAY - SATURDAY - TUNE-FItiED THRILLS!
TtOfiORCEy , —-Also—lUNGLE'GIRL -i-; PLUS-
BCPOFUIAR/ These Ai^thui* Murray Dance Studios Offer SpeM Holiday '• Guarantee yourself'the best holiday of your life by brushing up on yoiir dancing as soon as you come home from school! You’ll enjoy iearpirig the latest Rumba and Fox Trot. In just a, few hours you’ll surprise your partners with the thrilling nCw steps. Gain poise and cririfiderice. Call at the Studios and ask about special rates for college,students. Don’t wait until'the last'miritife. ' ' ‘ ' AirniUR MURRAY
PATHE LATEST NEWS "UNGLE GIRL" Serial
BOSTON . . .... 204 Wision St. CHICAGO . Hotel breko &..aT E. JMksbn CLEVELAND ... . . . Hotel Sutler DETBOn.", . ... . . . Hotel Stitler eAST ORANGE . . 44 Brick Church Plaza JULWACKEE .. . , . , . , Hotel Astor
MTNNEAPOIdS .... Itotcl Nicolkit NEW 'YORK . 11 E. 4;iid .St, & 005 6th Ave. PHILADELPHIA . . . 1318 Walnut St. PITTSBtUlGH . . . Hotel William Penh ST. IjOUIS .... 7742 Fur.sytho Blvd. WASHINGTON, O. C., llUi Conn.' Avt}. N.W.
"0
if}-• :*
foiMi-row Mormiig trl-ie: Af Chicago
City's ^uiinb$s Men Promote
^"-By Ted Clark
Coach Hermoft) Phillips provied aS g6^4i3' speaker ad |i4,|r a track mentp^’at, Lihcbln Lodge last hl^t as Lafayette,aip^ West Lafayel^te bpsmess the ihakbr cross cbuhtry teahi,, cMinpiPps of "the fe Ten, stalte champions and plroiid holders of. Me :’:^st:yidefeate^ dull rheet record that has ever h&ihp to' a^l^iyeter haffSlhl^m!^^ tion/They ptaeed fourth Imlhe natieWafLth^, .4. . : As far as anyone knows this |s-"‘the"|tt^L'B country team has been tendered a jbani^aet ih^^^esr h
wf i^k
■ftfir
any li^i^stiek of,
_i. n * ■ 'I- team, its coa^hii4*«<av*i|j's*wifc:
h u ^ ■ RiYeter(OOxmg Qfpb mn<M^^rTiMyde^^ Fourteen Riveter Wrestlers,-the best among some sixty can- dhowittg of adpreektfi^
. . didates out for this.year’s.squad, will le^ve for Chicago at noon ■'''' ^iroMotrowats^so^m,,;^ t„W to «na Weir^ AnnpHnces caH «ut '^dile^rrhaker squash team will :ujeet starting this' evening and continuing through tomorrow Pnr /^Mrira tohriQ*ir*o ^ J " '''' ■ ■fheet the Wright Field sqhad afterhobh aiid evening;This annual affair is reputed to be one ^ “PhU” trnv nnt -fk 'at, nayton, unio, ana, later at of the three greatest wrestling shows in the country and A meeting of the Purdue Boxing amusing anccaotcs the cua
(i[:B0 in the evenii^ they Will each year attracts most bf the
Association \vili be held in Room 106
tomary procedure at an oeeasibR
’^f^y fheiDay^ton YlfelCA, where larger schools in tide middle, able to the fine aggregation of last ^ kind—m reference to-nifim' I^hey will attempt to improve west including every Lig Ten, year. However, already this year ,g bers of the^team. In fact^ ihtfi3hf''Wfe ^ stride mgtitution. . , several of the most outstanding and will be picked from those at-
were kskOd' toVi)ick'but mtethirig'that Will sunriseIn the nieet last year'thb in many seasons nave tending the meeting, near ^^it&l%■^0^‘%bu^d''^a'j'ttHkt-^fHWuM'#etthW^febMe#ifi^ikOr.‘^iordWbbd ih.'their invasion of the East- maker squad, led by little Casey reported for the sqUad in addition Meets have now been scheduled ■^r!¥j,-F\ssu4 by whiu (.her. t^a'.v -u' i.ii-r i;;M) 4:; A t.: , ^n coast during the holidays. Fredericks, nosed out their arch ri- to> f^w promising freshmen. wiih Michigan State, Valparaiso, 'Pfef!^fls>;‘i#hb6^1td'6s^®^t''tK^*fi^shlljan'WiSl^y^ahdtw'^bWih-'-^a'm'es''Wbfe ^levett Optimistic :. vals, Indiana University's Hoosiers, McDonald To Lead Off St, Joseph and possibly the Uniohly T4tddei?fiteIy|S^^fbsfe%':'^WHat<'fHby ka’W bf ■ ; Coach M. L. Clevett is optimistic hbftors. Casey, the-'128 Leading off for- the Riveters to- versity bfKentucky,JoeBenna,stu-
tbam in'actibh bn those ore in'view of the fact that the squad pouhder who has not been defeated night will be Micikey McDonald, a dent cbach of the team, urges all
(Jue iei|beyi-,|;ji>^ ;^%i^nc!up.^haa|gpjS jy,V;labk^ is ho longer handicapped by the ab- 'dual competition in the last two 121 pound sophomore who is ex- who ure interested in boJtihg to'at- • ' seiice of Captain Gene Adams and years, is^again expected to head the pected to envelop irffo one of the tend the meeting.
imhy«bFrfiWiLi^^ that the team is^at full strength. , IliyeWrs in tlmhqr^ for their sec- best m the business before the sea-
but isbhietiimfe;’febfdVe Very'long'Bbilermaker fails are gbihg to see the A schedule is being filled for an ® A*
sqhad,'!blOSShni>-#t,bh''Mtb ■hfie'‘bf 'We-^fiheSV'tebms;''seen' iii‘these ;p^rts extensive tour of the East during Minnesota, Iowa Tough
for-,quit«ilSofiih%fifffe- Christmas ■Vacation arid ■ includes
, It’s'Vhibhfid^*tp fitfjfp^U-ifiybU!%a*d'%'eeh''tHehtea'mA'praetibihgffo^^ teams as Harvard, ered'as'^tOugh this year as the ohe past 'cbljplePbf/WSbks^yohXff kholv-WFat'Wg'SincariiiTKby'lilay: twice'hs Yale, M. L.T., Amherst, Penrisyl- which last year extended the Boil- of*^c^^^ta\rrCaseT*i^^ good balP^ery night in pfabtie'e than they have shb'wn in either of vania and others. ermakers to the limit, but, neverthe-the-.'gie^^^flfjithey, play like that hi tire i^hhie tonight We’re not'a bit ‘liive To Leave TOhiorrow less, rriust be cbhsicleredin the meet wovri^^yen-bLDeM^^_ i. . ' / ' Members of the varsity who wili startirig tonight. At the'present • JLlMtttip Shift l^Or .,i i > have positions for the trip this experts are giving only
GoiidhaLaihbert will gi^e'Gaptain Don'l&laifkeiT • a chance to-further Week-end as announced by Coach
flWhSMPB?!! iVEWS
son has progressed very far. Captain Fredericks should take care of
The Hoosier squad'-is not cohsid- 128 pouiid division in fine style. ■r-he following mun are ineiigibit^^^ .. . j Coach Reek has entered Jerry Fred- petition m .intramural Basketball: p, w.
ericks, outstanding freshman and
display Ms‘Versatility by-starting him^at the-guard post tonight" Gap- 'Slevett are Gene Adams, Norm fo'wa a chance to upset the favored tain Blfthkbn has b'^bn 'playing WhP steadiest ball of his career this : Goldstein, Dave MacMillan, BiU . seasons And his pas^fig?''afoihty ffi'om the guard position sHbiild beMa Bond and Ed Wells. This line-up Coach Claud Reek has only fourmost Shdcessful change for the tehiii. ■-■ s 'A' ■ 1 )■ With a possible addition will also returning letter-men around which Piggf Hfe t’ffeifid Ms most/'^iPfebtiVe-'eombinPtibrr tb; he iRiley arid comprise the squad which travels he hopes to build a squad compar-Blank<dhP»t>-gna‘r’ds, ^Mb'nke at'center, and‘S'pr-bwi 'ahd'Tier'ney at' for- ®nst during the holidays. — ^
wards|]iTi4i'hiby'h'a»‘;bfeen •improving"UR‘keason, and seems to have come - Practice drills all this week have intkfulk^OSSesMhmSf his bHobting-''eye which' combihed with hisi br-illiant been particularly vigorous arid floor play have'iaMbd’''bi'm ATSei-t'h 'b’ir'fe'^'btSi-tfttg ,'five. every effort is being made to get.in Two others certain to be in the lineup tonight will be Caress and form that will be representative Conrad. Both Charlie and Johnny have boon playing h-riproved ball this of tlreiv ability and that will make season; and are capable .nf tajimg a .pla^ei^yith the;,^mi-ting five against them very tough competitors dur-
aiiy;team.
• Gongratulations—Cb-Captains Kemp, Appleton Last night at’the cross'countJ-y banquOt honoring the Boilermaker State and^Bfg 'Tbn chaMpionshlp tealns, the first of its kind, the cross country team elected co-leaders for the next-season, a rather unusual happening for cross country. Don Kemp from Fort 'Wayne,' and Woody Appleton of Beverly, Mass., were both state cJuinipion milers in high .school, and this year have been lca3ing‘-^'b'fflbWk' bi‘''the finest distance team in the history' bf'Pui-dllc'.'
ing the vacation contests.
DR. M. P. LORD
DENTIST
306-7 Lafayelfe Life Bldg.
ribbing.
More Stories
Exponent Sports Editor Phil Johnson acted as toastmaster and did a coimnendablfr job.'Prbf. PiSahk Hockema referred to Phil as “Mr. Roastmaster,” for the latter’s sey-ei-al remarks concerning the.assist-
ant to the President.
After the affair was concluded it was announced that Don Kemp and Woody Appletort haid ;:been elected Co-captains for the 1042 season. Woody is from Beverly, Mass., and- Don is fr.pm .Fort Whyne. . Ethridge Baugh, Alumni Secretary for the Um-Versity, offiefated'1 in the ieadTpff spbt and should,be, given a great portion of the 'dUedit for organizing the teStimonfal dinner. ■: ' Seven Get Major Letters i : Major Ibtters’aild gbld f^ckrshoie charms 'Were Awarded to'Gal[dain Ed Hblderrnan, 'Wbbdy Applbtbh,Charlie Duesler, "Bob JarVis, 'TJob
Davis in the 165 pound class, ehaifman of the newly appointed Kemp, Keith MbLanghlin; ahd DAgr Wari-en Eviston and letterman Joe technical advisory committee of the rell 'Rbach. RoIo febughan -ihbeiye'd' Hilenka should be mighty tough to Poultry Science Association. The a minor letter. John "Kallbkj -Al . beat in the 176 pound division. Foot- committee will 'advise with the As- Arnold and Fr.ed Kinder also rbballei: Italo Rossi will take care of sociation on research work in poul- ceived honoiAble .meritiba-ffor. rb- i
pound division along with sophomore Matbvina arid another fresh-
man, Nettesheim.
Britt Teams With Gregory
Bob Britt, one of the four letter-
Biddlc; iVl. J: Boots, K. A. Burnett, ‘E. Ehiers, C. M. Hoehamer, E. F. Jones, J.. W. ICennedy, W. L. Kercheval, A. S. LahEce, J. H. Martens, R. JK. Mason, R. A. Morris, J. K. Moore, R. 0> Montenero,. F,. Myers, R. Myers, D. V. McVey, Lee Roy.Pearson, E. S. Ritchie, D. R. Server, G. R. Witsman. The followinEC men are on the Varsity Basketball Squad and, are inelisrible for Intramural Basketball : D. Adams, D. Blaiiken, L. J. Brower, C. Caress, R. Chester, J. T. Conrad, G. Fields, P. E. Friend. H. A. Hoffman,' R. JoHiison, T. P. . KiefTer, F. Krampe, F. H. Lawson, A. Menke, W. Ncut^el, C, Polk, R. Riley.. "W. A. Seaborjr,
_ - _ F. H. Sprowl,’j. Swantz, M. Tierney, J. A.
the 145 pound class. Pastore, anoth- VN^riRKt.
ei- promising sophomore will repre- , seht. the Boilermakers in the 165. J. ul, lS\^rtin
pound division. . /
Reek plans to use Clasman and ... . head of the University poulstill another sophomore by the name try department, has been named
of
men arid a resident of Lafayette, will team with Gregory, a sophomore, in
ad's Place ■ so ' ' I' HANDY li.4 . : ■ .
POPCORN J Sack 5c Gallon t'5c Furnas Ice Creiarh Six Flavors Pint 15c
the heavyweight group, j.s.d.
try and allied fields..
SmOIClNG
66 Bafffe Filter Wlilrl'COOlsBinoke; trapsjuices, flakes liiti^ife til/pi^es, tiigat'ette and cigar ttotders.
porting to practice session^ ,^1. year, while being granted'very little opportunity to fun in actuArebriipetition. Hblderman, Kemp, ; Applefon, Roach and McLaughlin -w.efe awaMed beautifully engraved nieclals’fipf their part in brihgirig the Cold afid Black a fourth place in the national, meet at East Lansing, Mich. Captain Ed Holdefman proved an excellent impromptu speaker, and presented Coach Bhillips with an attractive brief case from the. members of the team. Eafl Gripe was. singled but for his services in keeping the team in good physical shape arid: also ■ received a gold track shoe charm. Bob Pettiner played various selections on his accordion during dinner and was well received. It’s A Long Gnnd . We join with many others, iri again congratulating. the team - on a highly successful season and hope the 1942 campaign will bring forth comparable results. Those lads have to love running or they wouldn’t stick at it in view of the riieager attention they provoke and the physical beatings they sometimes take in order to complete a course that may run anywhere froin three to six miles. '
Jt’s really not much of a problem — deciding how to go home for the ^Holidays. Just follow the crowd —• your crowd — and you’re sure to find yourself aboard a Greyhound SuperCoach. Or if you’d rather sit down and figure the matter out carefully, logically, practically, you’ll end up the same place —for the big saving on Greyhound’s low round-trip fares is a pretty effective mind-maker-upper! Merry Christntas — Happy New Yearl
SAMPLE OneBedfcrd, Ihd.... BIpoming?cn, Ind Boston, M;s5 Cci>.:mbus, O Cleveland, C. Dayton, C. .. . tibfroit, Mich., Phtla. P.n, FiMshurgh, f.-:, St. to'u's. Mo. New York, N. Y. (plus
FARES Way Bd.-Tri| 5-2.90 $ 5.2S
(CoritiriuCd from page 1) feat of the season frorii DePaul, 37-33. -Tonight’s gsime wiH featufe spedd pitted ttgainst mofe'Spefed. Bfeseriting an attack similar to that Med ' by the Riveters, the'Blue Demons 'nave been victorious in th'eii’ first. ’ 7 f^oui- games. In their last edritedt,'^ they crushed, the 'Afkahsas Testcli- . ers’ team, 72-26. PriweffuL Lirie'up ' . The DeP’aul lineup i's dbtted wi|h veterans from the powerful squiW of. last year. Jim Coriiihsky. fight-'' ing fofw'iird, is the teain’s fastest man, and he caused Bbilefriiiftieidefense plenty of trouble last yca!r. Captain Wozrty continues to hold down the guard position in a 'fiian' net- that promises repetition Of'the stellar perfoi-manee that he '^Ve"’; last year. ■ ,, The Demon’s fast brea’k differs from that of the Rii?6tere in. ttirit they are, at 'any tmie, 'Kahlo to shoot ,a long pass clown the court to a man who' ha's riin past the opponent’s defense. This game will be an excellent iricheatdr o^ the Riveter’s'Chances in the 0orilei%tee this year, for the Demons-hicicfde scyeral other members Ten in their schedule. - L
GRfYHOUKD LINES UNION BUS STATION 5th and Ferry Sts. Phone: 2105
Hays ItVflaIfy Ck 131 North Fourth St* Fine jewelry at Modorat* Pitco
Hu'.'V
'§Slym AND BEAR IT
Res L b
^‘It’s away past >our bedtime, Papa Maybe Edwin would like to talk about something besides army life
—The Ratio— 3.93 • • • to 1
Heie !aie a few moie pmnings that have taken place leeently—and with Christmas so close too Piob ably the most suipiising was Phi DcltBick \dams pinning Sally Mur phy Nice going Dick Then theies Kappa Pat Smith who now pioudlj sports ‘Horsey” Riley s DU pin To complete the pin list foi today we have the ATO pm of Johnny Gall adorning Pi Phi Ginnv Vestals sweatci Congratulations to all and to all good luck The Chiistmas spiiit (oi should we say spiiits) caught up with the Alpha ChTs <5hoi tlj aftei then tiade dinner with the Phi Kappa Sigs last Wednesday Aftei having a up 1 oaring evening the gals brought home half the bovs Chiistmas dec orations These tiade dinneis aie getting to be a menace While passing through the Sweet Shop on the way to the librarj to * tjidj, w e saw one of the new Debi is queens, Zeielda Stuckey suiiounded bj her admiitrs in the peisons of two ATO’s We oveiheaid one of them say ‘Well, we still loie jou What power these queens have ovei the male gendei Incidentally she lost a $5 bet that hei blind date wouldn’t kiss hei the othei night Well, the day of the Rassle has ai rived and the queens will leign in all then gloiy Some of the methods U'-ed by the men voting put even Fianklin to shame Most amusing was the last minute suigc of Peg Da> IS fiom last place into the win nci’s column This was due to the Alpha Sigma Phi’s We wondci what they’ll get out of it ’ Theta Xi Hal Lambertus has wast cd no time in bieaking in the fresh man gals He has Dama Ireland so well tiained that she even calls foi him aftei his classes and walks with him to the next Guess a few of the bojs atound heie would welcome a t(W lessons on how to accomplish this
'i'
Sigma Nu Sam Craigmile s giil tame up foi the high school debate tonfereiice last week but she had a date with anothei fellow heie on campus—‘identity unknown Not to be tieated in such a mannei Sam immediately found himself anothei one of the debateis and put his pin on her foi the night Then he walked ■by jhifi gill seveial times Ain t love gland Some Kappa pledges had dates Vlith some Notie Dame boys down here laet week but thev wtie told that they couldn t date off campus boys Vei'y thoughtful of the Kap pas to pieseive the latio like that Howevei Mariljn Demaree bioke her date and then i emade it—so thg pool guj didn t have to come all the wav down heie foi nothing
Night Defense Courses Will Start In January Registiation foi night classes in defense training couises will be held in Michael Golden Shops Mon day evening Dec 29 The cuiient classes will be lepeated staiting the first week in Januaiy Moie than 376 men and women aie now eniolled_in couises which aie being offeied by the Umveisitj undei the diiection of the U S Office of Education This piogiani will continue in intensity duiing the coming months because of the con ditioi s in the national defense ef
foit
Couises aie offeied in the van ous blanches of engineeiing sci ence and management to meet the need for skilled men in the defense industiies A new class in physical metalluigy will be started in Jan uaiv All of these couises aie being offeied tuition fiee to both men and
Jack Kirk's Band, St. Nick Headline Mixer St Nick himself will preside ■01 er the dancing at the regular Saturdaj night mixer to be held in the south balhoom of the Un joi from 9 to 12 tomorrow night Santa is bringing gifts in the form «f mixer comps and checks for cokes toi lucky people lack Kiik and his 12 piece or •ehestra from the University of Illinois will furnish the music for the evening The band has had successful past engagements at Tune Town St Louis, Gjpsy Vil 1 ige I olll=^ ille and the Grej - stone Ballroom Detroit j d s Bridge Team Meets lU In Union Sunday Meetmj. Siindiy at 2 pm and again at G p ii in i oom <j02 of the Union budge teams fiom Indiana Univcisity and this univeisity will p’ay in then fust coitcst between the “chools Dick Johnson EE 42 Geoige Kintnci EE 12‘’leh\Lo son Mot 12 and Tom Gaidnti ML 4 s will icpiescnt this cimpus in the match •ed point duplicate ^ame Chailes Kernel w ill dn ect the touinamcnt 'Ihis contest is sponso cd by the student Unions of both univei sitics It IS hoped that the meet will be come a semi annu il affaii A tiophy will be picsentcd to this -^eai s win nci Spect-itois aic in\ited to it
tend p s
Christmas Carols have been punted on musie sheets by the special faculty com mittee on convocations foi woiship These punted sheets will be distiib utecl among local chuiches and phil anthiopic oigamzations Chuiches and othei leligious gioups desiiing copies may obtain them fiom the music 01 ganization ofFces in the Musac Hall
Delta Upsilon social fiateinity, announces the initiation of fhe following Pi ancis Cooley, Newcastle, Dale Duffin, Villa Park, 111 , Bient Finch, Cincinnati, 0 , Lariy Martin, Cleveland, 0 , Joe Richaids, Pearl River, N Y , Wayne Summeis, Ji , Roch-
estei, N Y
Notices
Science Seniory Graduating in Jilnuury art nsktd to call at Dean Endors otfice. Coulter Hall at thtir tarlicat convenience —ENPERS Exponent Ereslimcn Work asaiKnmtnts a followh ^ill take tITtcl on Mondai lltc M nday Eiitman Vtrmil on Dvo ak M irlin Wannt, Jack on 1 roliman Acker
in III
tuesclni Glover Mi nr n S ni ir HI ick burn Christman Buchilil/ Miller lu Md ly Sc 11 .to Curinsty Crni„ Mac Whnter Lavton llollinl t li iSday 1 itrney Richardson Han mt ton Skillman Inlay Sr low iv SI ai iro Ivon Ben zenboivtr Mart nd II Ju/wick Hubir J ita Sitiirdiy /iff V ki 1 ortier Qu tsch Ras m in Dicsterlnn Mit hell I ox So rt» talT fr lim n will ripoit to the Fitl Iho ISC office editorial wiiters will r p rt to Un on office eoe Is set thia col imn for furthei work inform ition —run NER
l^nrdue Gymnastic Club i Members are asked to pay their dues for NoV and Dec at the office of Dr Eastwood Room 110 at
■the Ficldhouse —FOZER there
R E Seniors Those interested in at tendinpr a vocational guidance conference an dinspectlon trip to Chicago on Friday and Saturday December 12 18 please sten list in main office of E E Buildins In formation about trip will be at the top of the list I or any further Ouestlons phone mo at 30B3 —SOUTHMAYD Regristratlon Workers atudenis who wish to work for the Registrar during the second semester registration January 27 and 28 IJ‘12 arc reciuestedi to make application bcferoe Christmas on blanks to bo obtained at the Registrar s office Those with pro vious experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference
—R B STONE
Military Ball Committee Meeting Fri day Dec 12 at 4 p m in room 202 of the Armoiy —DIBOS Modern Dance Second term call out has now begun All girls interested in join ing come out on Monday Wednesday Fri day Dec 8 12 at 4 p m find Tuesday at 7 p m in the Women s Gymnasium
—SERBON
Pi Tail Sigma New initiates may obtain ceitificaUs at ME office in second floor
—SHANE
Exponent Eresliman G icds W rk sche 1 ults as folio vs Mon lav Riei s Davis Wil bui lue day Kugel P irs ns We Inc day Short Blcmkn Thursday Nicliol on Eountainc Eri lay McCulloch Ear 1 Sat urday Huber Holland —ROSE Undergraduate Dames Club Will hold a dinner dance at tlu W I afayette Country Club Tuesday Dee lb at 7 30 Call Mi Jack Burke lefore Sunday fl resoivations
VOLLMER
Varaily Pist il Team Important meeting Mon lay Dec la at 4 i m on pistol range in Armory Stl ction of keys will be made
GRABBNER
FtlMM Mdet Monday Dec IB at 4 p m in i;0Dtn lOB of Armory Prof Poorman yvill speak on big guns All members be there BUSHNELL PfA Board Compulsory meeting Friday Dec 12 at 4 p m Necessary for all Ward Chairmen and WRH and Cary Hall repre sentatives to be present —ELDER Model Airplane Builders Students own ing model aiiplanes (scale bf flying mod eis) are invited to exhibit them at the Conference m Model An plane Building held in the Faculty Lounge Memorial Union Building on Saturday Dec 13 at 9 a m to 4 p m —KNAPP Pi Tau Sigma Short important meet mg on Pridav Dec 12 at 4 00 p m in
the Reading Room
—GREGORY
Cosmopolitan Club Melting in Room 304 of the Union fnitiiition for now members
Be there at 4 30 p m
—KELLAR
Rogers Williams Club Christmas party f(ir underpiivilo ed childr n Tuesday Dec 16 at 6 30 p m at West Lafayette Baptist
Church Admission 10c
—ARTMAN
POMM Tiple for Delins pictpros haC lieen changed Watch this column for new time —BUSMNELL Virginia C Meredith Club Members Meeting in auditorium of HE Buildidg on Monday evening De6 IS at 7 4B p m Spcakei piogiam and refreshment^ Bring contributions of canned food clothing or toys for needy families —BLANK Electrical Engineering Seniors Important you confei with me before holidays regarding second semester elective^ ant| ycquuements for graduation D D EWING Ereshman Engineers Meet for Engineering Lectur s Saturday Dec 13 at 8 00 a m in Eliza bowler Hall Seating assign ments are posted near the main entrance of Michael Golden Shops , —kMapp Purdue Christian lonndation Welcomes eveiyone to the Chiistmas party held Sun day evening at the church Those attending Will form at 131 South Grant before S 16 when all will leave for the church The evening will include the 10c supper sing mg ganies caroling and refreshments after caroling —WAMPLER
D^LY 5 MORE RAYS LEFT TO GET YOUR DEBRIS ' FDR
omen w s
Classified Ads
Typovnters—Addinj? Machines all makes sold rc t d rc] aired a 1 purcl ased Mime uraph VO 1 done C 1 Ebershoff 606 Mam Lifivelto rhon*^ 27
Rememberl YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S •X) • QUAUTY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE V ^ ^cili|t«een druo stores • 410 Main Street
BEAT THE PRICE RISEBUY REFDRE WEDIYESDAY
J%2 (Dchhii,
Sfyle Illustrated $4.50 Others $2.50 — $5.00 A. B. C Shoe Co.. Inc.
XKAY FITTING
406 Mam St.
Phone 2001
GIVE PLHDIJE
GIFTS
JEWELRY
BOOK-ENDS (
PENNANTS COMPACTS
-14,^ CHRISTMAS CARDS for ,1^EVERYONE See Oiu Selection ISow on Display
THIS CHRISTMAS GIVE BOOKS
ilVERSITV BOOK STOKE Act OSS fiom the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
DON'T BE A GLUM ALUM! KEEP IN TOUCH WITH YOUR ALMA MATER BE A GLAD GRAD TAIN'T SO BAD, DAD YOU CAN GET IN ON THIS TOO KEEP UP WITH YOUR KIDS IN SCHOOL Clip Out This Coupon — Mail With Your Remittance Of $3.50
Mail lo Address Enclosed find lor annual subscription. PURDUE EXPONENT
UNION BUILDING
WEST LAFAYETTE
For Each Yearly Subscription to the Purdue Exponent, Union Bldg. West Lafayette, Ind.