^ I ^
, \P»
/•<?'
'"ii’
®lic PuriluB IExjJ0JtejTj
Published Daily by Students of Purdue Universily
VOLUME XLVm
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, PBIDAY, MARCH 5, 1937
HMl
NUMBER lf»
AU-Ag Dance Tickets On Sale Tonight At Door Debris Beauties Will Model Prom Frocks And Spring Costumes; Clinton And Band To Play Tickets for the All-Ag dance, which is being held in the Memorial Union ballroom tonight from 9 to 12 o’clock, will be on sale at the door tonight. The price of the tickets is one dollar and they may also be purchased today from any of the members of Xi Sigma Pi, Alpha Zeta^or Ceres, agricultural honor-
aries sponsoring this informal
dance. As a special feature for the dance, ten of the Debris beauties will model a display of Prom frocks and new spring costumes at 10:16. This preview showing of new styles is being furnished bjr the Palais Royal Lafayette dress shop, and was selected by Louis Segal, proprietor of the Palais Royla, last week in New York. Ruth Ezra, one of the beauties, is in charge of the style show and will do the announcing. Band Pat Clinton and his band will play for the dance. Clinton has appeared a number of times in Indianapolis, at Illinois and Indiana universities, and has been playing this week during the noon hour in the Memorial Union cafeteria. Chaperones for the dance will include the heads of the various departments in the School of Agriculture. Rooms 1 and 2 have been reserved for card playing and other games for those who do not care to dance, and for refreshments which will be served during the evening. Decorations for the dance and the style show will consist of an aggregation of palms which will be placed around the edge of the ballroom.
Tau Kappa Epsilon Tau Kappa Epsilon announces the pledging of M. W. Jones, Elkhart, R. D. Chenoweth, Waynesville, 111.; and W. L. Anthil, Trenton, N. J.
March 5, 1937 TO the University of California goes the credit of originating the idea of Insurance Against Being Called On In Class . . the rate is five cents per class . . . which nets the student 25 cents if he happens to be called upon to recite. . . .
—30—
STATISTICS, often quoted and just as often misquoted, shows that from one-fourth to one-half of all women college graduates die spin'sters . . .
—30—
LOUISIANA State University has formed a “*No Cigarette Bumming League.” Members of the League promise not to bum, or be bummed from . . . although getting “drags” is permitted . . . - —30— MEIMBERS of the Chemistry staff at the University of Washington had a narrow escape recently ... it seems that nitroglycerine is kept in the office of Dr. William Dehn of organic chemistry. For protection, the containers are filled half with nitroglycerine, and half with water , . .
—30—
A^ an added precaution, the bottles are left uncorked so tW slight percussions will not set off the explosive . . . well, one day an inquisitive cockroach, out on an exploring trip, climbed up the side of one of the containers, in which most of the water had evaporated . „. and was teetering on the edge, 'just about to fall, when John Quense, an instiructor, eyed the bug and quickly broke up its escapade . . .
■"■'■SO'*”"**
HAD the cockroach fallen into the nitroglycerine and wriggled long enough to disturb the solution, bricks, plaster, chipped glass, and hunks of lab benches would have skyrocketed all around the campus . . . along with small bits of chemistry staff , . . and cockroach . . .
Florists To Hear Talks Special Flower Display Attracts Public Attention At Conference Florists attending the annual Indiana Florists’ Conference will have an opportunity this morning to hear discussions on the use of nutrient solutions in growing plants without soil. The discussions will be given by R. B. Withrow, J. P; Biebel, and C. T. Gregory, of the University stoff. Tom Knipe, Kokomo, will preside over this morning’s technical session. A special display of flowers, that is divided into 25 different classes with ribbon awards for the outstanding pieces of work in the creative field, has been attracting much attention from the general public. The display is in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. Floral Musicale Following a banquet tonight, a fioral musicale will be presented by a cast of 40. The musicale arranged by E. R. Honeywell and R. B. Siegel of the horticulture department and A. P. Stewart, University music director, will close this year’s conference which has attracted some 200 florists from all parts of the
State.
Non- Wristwatch Winning Jinx Still Follows Stoller Ann Arbor, Mich., March 4.—^Established as '& leading candidate to succeed Jesse Owens as king of the amateur sprinters, Sam Stoller has yet to win a wrist watch. For three years he has been trailing Owens in the sprints as the unbeatable Buckeye took home the timepieces in the carnival competitions. Recently Stoller faced a major field for the first time without Owens as a rival. It was in the Major Briggs invitational 50-yard dpsh of the Boston A. A. Games, and he won from a field which included the best in the East. But the prize was not a watch, although Stoller does return to Ann Arbor with a leg on the beautiful trophy and a handsome medal. “Singing Sam” almost won his watch twice last year, but both of the times it went to Owens. In the Butler Relays dash Owens got a judges’ decision after he had gone so far as to congratulate Stoller on his first win in their long competition, and in the Penn Relays Owens bettered Stoller’s best broad jump by a scant inch on his last try to win honors and the watch.
Pi PM Mothers Hold Meeting
Mrs. R. B. Wiley was hostess to ^e Pi Beta Phi Mother’s Club at ner home on Russell street, Wednesday afternoon, A charter member of the Purdue Pi Phi Mothers’ Club, Mrs. Ella Lonimel of Texas, was a guest. After the business meeting, in which the mothers discussed the plans for the annual dinner party for the active members of the sorority, refreshments were served by Mrs. Wiley with Mrs. B. K. Dicks and Mrs. L. A. Wood assisting.
Theta Tan Theta Tau announces the election of the following officers; Regent, H. G. Stech; vice-regent, J. Vanderford; scribe, W. K. Milne; treasurer, N. B. Barsha; house manager, H. J. Barth; steward, P. A. Mankin.
Soldiers Shoulder Arms
By Glenn Martin (As told to Tom Garland) At 4:00 o’clock yesterday afternoon Dick Craig got me out of bed to tell me that the pony chorus of “Castles In The Air” was staging a “sit-down strike.” As president of the Student Senate, he told me, it was my duty to come and reason with them. When I got there, “Legs” Putze was trying to bring Sbout a reconciliation by offering to print (without horses) individual pictures of each chorus girl. Florer Floored Betty Ann Florer, evidently floored by the situation, led me over to Blanche Kernel, chairman of the “sit-downers.” “We will not ‘gidiup’ until we get good and ready,” the “kernel” told me. “Furthermore, we resent being compared to horses, fillies, and colts.” “Woe is me,” interrupted Florer. “What can you do about it Glenn ?” asked Union Prexy, Jim Shoemaker. “Nothing,” I was forced to tell him. (The constitution of the Senate cov-
ers only riots, petitions, crooked elections, and walk-outs—as yet we haven’t had time to pass an amendment concerning ‘sit down strikes.’) Here Comes The Army “Well, you could call out the army?” Jim wanted to know. “The very thing,” I said, and fifteen minutes later two platoons of the war department’s best prospective reserve oflScers were deploying down the ballroom floor with flags flying. “Advance till you see the whites of their thighs,” I told them, and retired to a place of safety on the balcony to await developments. Just thirty-three seconds late rthe pony chorus had resinned their seats on the laps of “two platoons of the yfar department’s best.” The call of politics had to give way to the call of hum&nity as I carried “Shu” off to be serviced, in a dead fainf. “But sit down strike, or no, I’m here to stand up and cheer for the pony chorus, ‘n’ I’m gonna be in the ‘bald-head row’ the night of the show-right next to Wes Dwight
Digest Poll Finds Increased Drinking Among Students
There is more drinking of alcoholic beverages and students are drinking more hard liquor than light liquor in American Colleges and universities according to a survey just completed by The Literary Digest, which findings are published in its current issue. Questionnaires were sent to the heads of 1,476 colleges and'also to 1,476 student editors and leaders, the magazine states, asking an appraisal of their campus drinking situation since Repeal. Numerous Replies Replies are reported from 645 of the presidents, deans, and student leaders who represent 681 American colleges “of every type of sectarian and non-sectarian school in the
country.” More drinking since Repeal is reported by 303 of those responding and 60 others state there is less drinking in their colleges. Reports from 206 state that students are drinking more hard liquor and from 100 that they are drinking more light liquors. More Drinks; Less Drunks The Literary Digest epitomizes the findings from its nine-part questionnaire survey of American colleges: “1. Drinking is on the increase everywhere, but there is relatively less drunkenness. “2. Students abhor the drunk (Continued on page 4)
Junior Prom Regulations 1. Juniors and seniors, as listed with the Registrar, will be the only undergraduate students allowed to purchase tickets. 2. Only twenty-five (26) tickets will be allotted to members of the University staff. The same regulations will apply to faculty ticket holders as to undergraduates. 3. In order that arrangements for out-of-town dates may be made, announcement if the distribution of tickets will be made on or before March 26. 4. Permits for tickets will be distributed starting Saturday, March 6, and will close Thursday, March 18. Permits will be issued daily during this period, from 4 until 5:30, excepting Saturdays, when the Student Senate office will be open from 1 until 6 o’clock. 6. Applicants will have personal pictures taken at the time they apply for permits. There will be no charge for pictures taken. 6. If the application is approved, it'ntust be taken to the Cashier’s office, in the Executive Building, where applicant must sign permit in presence of the Cashier, attesting to the fact that he will be the sole user of the ticket. Applicant musl^ then pay Cashier four dollars ($4.00), the price of the ticket, and receive a stamped receipt. This must be done, before Tuesday, March 23. 7. Actual distribution of the tickets will begin on Tuesday, April 13, at which time the tickets will be given out by the Cashier in exchange for the receipt stpb. ' 8. If the owner of the ticket does not coincide with the picture that is stamped on it, the individual will not be admitted to the dance, and the name of the original purchaser will be turned over to the Executive department of the University for disciplinary action. 9. Iir order that the affair may be kept strictly a Junior-senior dance, a suitable method of controlling pass-out checks will he used to insure against their transferal, It is hoped that thwe will be suiiicient number of admission tickets available for all applicants. —Junior Prom Committee.
Gimlet Club Selects Thirteen New Pledges Candidates Chpsen For Outstanding Ability in Campus Activities And Athletics * Thirteen Gimlet pledges were chosen from a group of 25 considered by the active members of the Gimlet Club, at a dinner meeting at the S. A. E. house last night. Seleetiona were made on the basis of activity on the campus and in athletics.
The new Gimlet pledges include:
W. H. Barry, Kappa Sigma. L. R, Bearse, Delta Tau Delta. G. Claypole, Sigma Chi. Cecil Isbell, Phi Delta Theta. D. C. Miller, Sigma Phi Epsilon H. Pforzheimer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon. E. H. Phelps, Phi Kappa Sigma Don Powell, Beta Theta Pi. L. E. Putze, Sigma Chi. R. T. Reid, Delta Tau Delta. M. A. Schreyer, Delta Upsilon. F. T. Sheets, Phi Kappa Psi. W. K. Stallings, Delta Upsilon.
Longer Days Bring Increase In Roll Of Student Flyers By Bill Fifield As the days grow longer, more and more students are becoming interested in flying. On Sunday there were two and three planes in thq air from morning until night. One of these was a new Taylor Cub that Captain L. I. Aretz, airport lessee, purchased and flew back from St. Louis last week-end. The new Cub is a heavier, faster, and more stable ship than the last year’s model which the Captain traded in for this new training ship. Students flew the old Cub over 700 hours during the 17 months that it was used for training and solo flying. With the help of the Purdue Plying Club, Captain Aretz is trying to get the freshmen to start flying in order to get full benefit of their four years here at Purdue. A great many students wait until their second year or junior year to start flying and are then sorry that they did not make beter use of their leisure time during the first years.
Greeks Renew Union Plays Best Sunday EYening Program T o Receive
Award
Schedules of the remaining Sunday Evening Programs were announced last night by Student Union vice-president Bob Reid, who is in charge of this phase of Union activity this semester. Seven fraternities and three sororities are incan Hall Tuesday evening at 8 o’cluded on the list. The programs this semester will start promptly at 5:30 Sunday evenings in the cafeteria of the Memorial Union Building. A trophy will be awarded to the fraternity that puts on the best show this semester, while the winmng sorority presentation must be the best for the entire year.
Lt. Frank M. Kreml
Kreml PresentedWith Safety Award Lieutenant F. M. Kreml, who organized the Public Safety Institute here at the University last year, was recently presented with a $5000 grand award by the C. I. T. Safety Foundation at a banquet for that purpose in the Waldorf-Astoria in New York City. Lieutenant Kreml is of the Evanston, 111., police department and is nationally known for his work in the field of improving traffic conditions. The award was made to that “person in any line of endeavor who is deemed to have contributed the most daring the year to the cause ofjtraffic safety.”
Triuugle
Triangle fraternity announces the pledging of R. W, Burks, Glen Ellyn, III.
Scientists To Hear Enders Gordon B. Enders will address the annual all-science banquet Tuesday, March 16, in the Memorial Union Building. This announcement was made by Dean Howard E. Enders, of the science school. Although the dinner is primarily for science students, others can obtain tickets. Tickets, priced at 75 cents, can be purchased from members of Delta Rho Kappa, honorary science fraternity. Authority On Tibet\ Enders, foreign advisor to the Grand Lama of Tibet, and aedaimed as the greatest living authority on Tibetian folk lore and adventure, moved to Indo-Tibet when he was four, and has spent a greater part of his life there. He is the first and only foreigner to be given a title and rank, to hold a cabinet post, and have a seat in the upper house of the Tibetian National Assembly under the ruler of the Hermit Kingdom. His book, “Nowhere Else In The World,” has long been a best seller. It has- been translated into French, Spanish, and Swedish. Many of his articles have been published in nationally circulated magazines and news syndicates.
Lyda Lyon Becomes Queen Candidate Lyda Lyon, a member of the Chi Omega sorority from Greenville, Miss., yesterday filed her petitimr announcing her candidacy for queen of the Junior Prom. Miss I^on is the tenth co-ed to file a petition. Petitions may be left at the Student Senate office in the Memorial Union Building until 1 p. m. tomorrow. The committee will choose the Queen tomorrow* afternoon.
[udependents May Get Special Insurance Independent students deairiiig to obtain insurance policies covering personal property against danmgo caused by wind, oarthquake^ riot, explosion, or airplanea can do so by calling at the P. I. A. ofHeo any afternoon between 4 and 5 m. / The policies, issued by a ireliaMe ^nnpany, offer coverage up to tSW) for a prendum of 49 cents for the remainder of the schoed year eat e«nt» for one sehool year./
THE PUfit^HB EXPONENT
Friday> March S, 1987
ttPtie ^urbue exponent
VwuiMta IMI
■■ ■■nniiil n^w<w kt the poet ottieei Lkfafett% Indikn^ DaliTered ^ - WkwIJJpSSr; SSlwSdS^ e«*te. & p^W; ■oM br » ■»«>»»« «>Py> «
Bttilkew PhMe SOU
OFFICK—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phoa'e S0ft7
Daily. Stai^ent Publication of Purdue University
editorial board of control R. J. Halse, chairman; Helen Creech, E. H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF
SoDhoaam Aseistanta W. M. Anthow, p..A. B_aaey. J. A. Chapin, J.IL Ctek
E. H. Morris
Smthounse Assistants
Bold and Black Editor
■u.a.-a^ C. D. Sd.™«ur. ^ D.g.
J. C. Ohaver
Business ManaKer..
National Adrertisinc Manager-^ Local Adrertbinit Manager Ciccnlation Manager
BUSINESS STAFF ^ ^ _„.L. H. Brown D. C. Miller •Girard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor.
..L. D. Wood
Lsoci^'MitoSz:;"!;:;:::;;lz;;;:::::w;' h. Kfidd" s; r. Griffiths, r. f. obenchain
Editor^
WOMEN'S STAFF
.Helen Creech
Assmiarte Editors
AdrertisiBg Manager..
„jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, l^zabett Pyke
Hetty Barnett
Issue Editor—C. D. Schroeder
CO-CAPTAIN GLENN DOWNEY is having trouble ... he has two dates for Prom . . . No. 1, his girl in California . . . No. 2, his pinned girl in Goodland . . . both say they will be here . . . squirm, DOWNEY, squirm ...
The southern farmer was introducing his family of boys to a visitGovemor. “Seventeen boys,” exclaimed the Governor, “and all Democrats, I suppose.” “All but one,” said the farmer proudly. “They’re all good Democrats but John, the little rascal, he learned to read.” —swiped, whiskers and all.
Twenty Years Of Service
A fifth of a century of service to an institution is, in itself, worthy of unstinted praise and admiration, but when one considers the tireless manner in which “Piggy” Lambert has served Purdue University the mere length of his service pales to insignificance. Lambert-coached teams have established basketball history by hanging up a total of nine championships out of nineteen years of competition, and, at the same time, have brought national fame and recognition to our University. Box office totals, Conference ratings, and even scholastic averages may easily be calculated, but no one can begin to calculate the value of Lambert’s training to the men who have been privileged to be under his tutelage. It is in the training of his men in the principles of sportsmjanship and self-control that Lambert has done his greatest work. Mere word are insufficient to express the merit of such work. We can only say —Here’s to you. Piggy. We hope there will be another twenty years in store for the University.
PINS . . . Theta pledge, DAVIS, has done the forbidden . .. she took SAE, DALE HARRIS’ pin these SAE’s . . . MARY LOU CARTER popped out with an SAE pin too ... at the Alpha Chi Rho house they are flying too and PUD HUTTON put his on one of the gals at the dorm in order to get an introduction to LOUISE SCHICKLER . . . now for the Triangles, CHUCK KLAIBER has a campus steady date now, and LANGOHR has to go home to see his pinned baby . . .
I Was Shot—And Didn’t Like It
To the Editorial Board:
I am a junior i nthe University advanced Military Training course. I like the work; I am satisfied with the way in which the subject matter is presented; and until last week I had no complaints at all to make about the course. Then they shot me—I mean, in the arm with typhoid vaccine. Now I didn’t mind this in itself. I value my health and realize that immunity to typhoid fever is a very valuable asset to a person, but it does seem that the time chosen for the vaccination was a little bit arbitrary. I may be wrong in this, but I believe that the average practitioner would advise any person who has just been “shot” for typhoid to go to bed for the day. However, about 150 junior military students were expected to attend classes in spite of the short but definite illness caused by the treatmen. Several had imporant tests the following day, and were in no condition either to study for the tests or to apply their best efforts to their work when they took the examinations. Moreover, several students were required to do calisthenics in their “X” hobr, the following day, in spite of the severe soreness in their arms. I am not advocating that the “shots” be made optional, but I do suggest that in future years, the students be allowed to take the “shots” at a time which will be convenient to them—at a time which will allow them to recover in peace without hurting their studies. There seems to be little or no point in lining up the 150 men to be “shot” en masse except to save the health service staff a little trouble. The injections could be taken just as easily during regular office calls, and , a system of registration would eliminate the possibility of some one trying to get out of taking the “shots.” At any rate, in the interests of the students’ health, happiness, and grades, the idea deserves consideration. —Junior Military Student.
Class Spirit
Class spirit makes for school spirit and it must be admitted that both are sadly lacking on this campus. Several people have noticed this and have made attempts to really remedy the situation.
There are reports that the senior men frying-to organize The senior women have already takeifdefinite steps toward class organization. Rumors are that the old “Cat Banquet” is going to be revived. The senior co-eds are planning a regular “con” session. They refuse to divulge much information, they promise that dirt will be flying fast at their gathering. This “get-together” of the senior women is a good idea and desrves much support from the members of their class. The possibility of the reorganization of Freshman Cozy for the freshmen women has been discussed. As yet nothing much has been done about it. Such a group has not existed for two years and when it was last active on the campus, it was not very successful. Now that the senior women have organized, the underclassman co-eds will make some move in that direction. After all, must one wait until he graduates before he gets any class spirit? In class organization, we do not mean to draw a definite line between the various classes, but to have more competition between groups and to arouse some kind of class spirit that makes the recalling of college days fun.—J. R. J.
TRUISM : In Rabelais, it’s life; In Boccacio, it’s frankness; In Shakespear, it’s genius; In a Minister, it’s broadminded-ness In a Professor, it’s clever; But, in a college columnist, it’s smutty—or vulgar. —^Villanovan.
NOTICE ...J am looking for a fair young maid who will do me the honor of accompanying me to the SOPHOMORE COTILLION . . . must be a good dancer . . . guarantee a good time . . . will go to Skull and Crescent Dinner before dance . . . others have had good results by this method . . . call 3063 . . . preferably during the meal hours . . ; ask for KENNY O’NEIL . . . . . . paid add.
Club Notes
SOME OF HIS OWN MEDICINE . . . Phi Psi HARPER has been passing out loaded cigarettes . . . and got a loaded ... it went “pop”. Wednesday he ‘reached for a Lucky’
POME He took her gently in his arms And pressed her to his breast; The lovely color left her cheek And lodged on his full dress. —Bonett.
WHAT THEY WON’T DO . . . MANETTA OHMANN and HARRIETTE BILLINGS have taken up TKE pins belonging to DULIVICH and EVANS respectively . . . the idea is ... a free meal tonight at the TKE house .. . and then the pins go back . . .
MARS—PASSES—MARS
No doit, ditto pomes, ditto everything else . . . how can I give out MARS passes for something that
ain’t . . .
Delta Tau Delta
Delta Tau Delta announces the pledging of Frank Henderson of Crown Point.
CONVERTS BEGINNERSCONVINCES SKEPTICS!
SOMETHING W0NDERFUL60ES ON INSIDE
PIPES, CIOARSnE A CIGAR HOLDERS FINEST BRIAR MONEY CAN BUY
THE ONLY PA TENTED •^CELLOPHANE^t, sealed FILTER-IT REALLY FILTERS
By SaUy McKee The Fortnightly Club will hold its guest banquet in the Memorial Union Building Monday at 6:30 The event, an annual affair, will be formal.
Dean Mary L. Matthews speaking on “The Homemaker As A Business Manager” and Mrs. C. C. Kepner speaking on “Modern Time Savers In The Home” will compose the American Home program of the Edgewood Club Monday, March 8, at Duncan Hall at 2:30 o’clock. The hostesses for the afternoon vnll be Mrs. W. O. Owens, Mrs. W. K. Oyler, and Mrs. Florence Pierce.
Mrs. Frank Fox will entertain the While-A-While Club at her home, 233 Harrison street, Tuesday, oir March 9 at 2:30 p. m. Mrs. L. A. Wood will discuss for the grour “American Citizenship.”,
With Mrs. C. 0. Trimble assisting, Mrs. Leslie Tucker will entertain the American Literature Club at 2:30 o’clock Thursday, March 11 at her home at the Purdue Housing Project.
“Living On Wheels” with roll call responses of camping experiences will comprise the program of the Penelope Club at 2:30 Thursday at the home of Mrs. Parvis Wood.
Mrs. F. J. Cason will be hostess to the Taka Art Club Thursday at heh home, 464 Robinson street, at 2:16. Mrs. W. A. Coyner will present a paper on Zona Gale and Mrs. J. B. Gleason will review a book.
Purdue Night will be held by the Lafayette Musical Society in Dunclock with A. P. Stewart, University music director, in charge.
Mrs. R. L. Holden will have charge of the Round Table Club program “Flowering New England” at the home of Mrs. I. D. Mayer, 260 Hayes street, Tuesday at 3 o’clock.
The county demonstrator, Miss
Whaf can a man buy that- gives him more
satisfaction and pays better dividends than smart clothing?
To have a Smart Wardrobe at a Nominal Price, See
Geisler’s
ARC
NOW PLAYING Chester Morris and Margot Graham
in
“COUNTERFEIT” —and— Hermit Maynard
‘WILDCAT TROOPER” ■—also—* Clyde Beatty
“DARKEST AFRICA” —plus— “Major Bowes on Parade”
GRIM AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“That’s the man, Pappy—I’d know him anywhere.”
Downing, will have charge of the West Lafayette Home Economics Club meeting Wednesday, March 10 at the home of Mrs. Cecil Cohee, 411 Wood street, at 2 o’clock.
A musical program and a paper by Mrs. R. B. Stewart will comprise the program of the West Lafayette Reading Club. The meeting will be held at the home of Mrs. George Lommel, 7660 Chelsea Road, at 2:30 Wednesday.
A playlet performed by members of the club, will be the treat for the Sorosis meeting at the home of Mrs. John Agnew, 1730 Morton street. Mrs. V. C. Alford is in charge of the program.
Family
TODAY—SATURDAY
2 First Run Hits
Charles Starrett
“Dodge City Mail” —and— Booth Tarkington’s “Penrod and Sam”
LUMA
TODAY—SATURDAY
Double Feature
THE
thi new
Wesrerti*Electrie MlttUOrUOHIC,
SOUND SYSTEM
TODAY—SATURDAY
WARREN WILLIAM
KAREN MORLEY LEWIS STONE JACKIE MORAN A PAnAHeuiir.iBiGTOtil;'-', ’.'
—Pin#--Ral LeRoy in “Swing For Sale"
Cartoon In Color
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TODAY SATURDAY
HE RAN AWAY FROM MCHESAND FELL HEAD OVER HEELS IN LOVEl...
• • • I/ie
Pi
Milli,
First Lafayette Showing
—Plus— 7%« **Cuckoot‘* In
Dimted by Fttd Culol. A$$oetat$ pnducir. Ltt Mareut.
SUN.—MON.—TUBS.—WED. STARTING Midnite Show at 11:30
The ’Nation*8 Greatest Ass^trologer!
Your Past Your ProMut Your Futuro «// rolUd into one big howl!
mm YOUR „ DmtHDAYQ
wa, . MARIAN MARSH FRED KEATING EDGAR KENNEDY
First Lafayette Showing*
TSK frURDtIB BXl>OMEN'r
Rough Bouts Feature MUhary Boxiug Fm Ostrander, Murphy^ Conklin, IS ask, Henderson, Potter Triumph; Winners Receive Gold Medals
By A. l/Traub
Blood was f lowing f reely while the boys of the military department fought out the finals of the R. 0. T. C. boxing tournaments held last night in the University Armory. With Sergeant Purchla announcing the events and ^‘Punchy” Maxwell ably assisting the referee the boys went to it with all the en-
ergy they could possibly muster. Ostrander and Carpenter started the battles, with Ostrander winning a very close decision from his opponent. These boys were entered in the 125 pound class and showed some fast and clever boxing to the enthusias-
tic fans.
With the murphy and Vuchinas fight, the fans got their first look at a knockdown. Murphy won a very close decision. “Big Boy” Conklin made his entrance in the third fight of the evening Vi^hen he met Jelnick in the 160 pound class. The fight was pretty evenly matched with Conklin getting in a few good punches with the aid of his long and advantageous reach. The fight went to Conklin by an arni’s reach. First blood went to Nash as he sent Tilson to the canvas twice in the second round. These boys, entered in the 115 pound class, showed some real smart fighting to those present. Tilson took plenty from “Little Dynamite” Nash before losing the bout on a technical knock-
out.
Butchery The 145 pound class found Butcher being butchered by Henderson.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
With Henderson dishing out the blows in the second round the boys hammered away for the supremacy of the class. Butcher recovered after his nosebleed to land a few smart blow;s on the honorable cWn of Mr. Henderson before losing the bout
to his opponent.
The ring was red, the timekeeper was red, and even the referee was red as the blood flowed freely and easy in the 176 pound battle between Lafuse and Potter. It started as a typical slugging fest, with Lafuse toking the opening round. The second round had hardly begun before Potter decided, to color up Mr. Lafuse and then the boys went wild. Lafuse went down to the count of eight in the second round, returned and made it plenty tough for Potter. Potter finally emerged the victor, and without doubt the bloodiest
boy in the ring. Shadow Boxing
To save Vitkus from boxing with his shadow in the final match, the officials decided to call an exhibition match with Lyles, winner of the Lafayette Golden Gloves heavyweight matches. The result was that Vitkus was awarded his medal. The judges of the evening were Vogel and Love, former KOTC boxing champs, the latter being champion heavyweight of the ROTG camp
unit.
To the winners of the finals of the ROTG boxing tournament will go gold medals and citations. The runners-up will receive silver medals and four merits. Those boys'Who ended their boxing career in the semi-finals will receive two merits each, while all starters will receive one merit.
See the latest in Arrow Shirts at
As seen in ^^Esquire” Grouped stripes in sateen or polychrome colors reflect one of the most significant style trends reported during the current London season. The gentleman seated is wearing Arrow’s Duke Street model with white stripes on brown broadcloth. $2.50. His companion wears the NEW trump .. $2 Mitoga^tailored to jit Sanforized Shrunk
ARROIV SHIRTS
We Carry a Full Liue of Arrow Shirts
teiaer's**** ♦...choice _By Bdb Walpole i n iiiin Editor’s Note: Dick Ob^chaii^ associate sports editor, is guest conductor of this column today . —tc— ^ • The gashouse gang from the Sigma Pi house evened up the fraternity basketball finals by defeating the. Phi Psi’s, 30 to 23 . . . the reason, Zachary, Woltman—^two footballers—as contrasted with Harper and Glugston—on the more dainty side .. . —fc— As we undertsand it. Brig Young has an anxious wait until next weekend to see if his present Big Ten scoring record is not bettered by one of his rivals in this contest . . . it seems that Gombes, Illinois forward in second place, ne^s only to score 60 points in the Illinois-Northwes-ern tussle Saturday to better Brig’s mark of 172 points ... ' —fc—^ Ed Skoronski, Boilermaker catcher and football captain of a few years back will be practicing with the White Sox this spring and Wilshere, who caused Purdue batters so much trouble during the samie period when he pitched for Indiana has signed to report with the same team, proving what . . . that GASH brings together the best of enemies ; . . ■ \ —fc— And incidently the Indian^ wrestling squad which has been undefeated in conference competition in the last seven years finally met a nemesis in Michigan last Monday . . , it merely took a single point to mar this record as the Crimson lost the match by the score of ISYz to 12Vi . . . —^fc— Closson, Vernor, and Whitcomb finish their last meet tomorrow against Indiana ... these three seniors have been the backbone of the Purdue tank squad for the last 3 years, and will be greatly missed by LaBree when he builds up next year’s team ...
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Pyrdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
March Only! DOUBLE CHECK PRINTED STATIONERY Here it is again . . . a sale of this smart printed "all occasion" stationery Double the usual quantity! 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$
1
V V
Printing on Sheets and Envelopes ... . distinctive Monogram or Narne and address styles. Blue, Green,
Brown, or Violet Ink.
Smooth surface; paper . . . charmingly checked in exquisite pastel shades of Blue,
Green, Ivory or Orchid.
Check and Double Check! . . . for here's a really remarkable value in printed'^Stationery. March
Only! .
HAYWOOD'S RETAIL DEPT. 5th and Ferry Sts.
Swiminers Meet Indiana Today Participating in the last dual meet of the season, the University tankmen will clash with Indiana at Bloomington tomorrow. To date the swimming squad has four wins chalked up in eight contests giving a good round average of .600. One of these previous defeats was met at the hands of the Hoosiers when the Boilermakers were nosed out in the final running by a close score. The team has a good chance of walking off with the victor’s laurels by virtue of a much stronger team and more experience than was their lot at the previous meeting. Having just gotten into the swim of things after their absence from the early season’s contests, Glosson and Whitcomb, both seniors, give promise of capturing some of the laurels in thdir last battle with these traditional rivals. Another senior who will be seeing his last action in a duaTmeet is Gaptain Vernor, who so far this season has piled up a formidable record of first places that he has taken in his specialty, the dashes.
They Never Come Back— But Michigan's Baseball Captain Is Determined Ann Arbor, Mich., March 4.—It was just a gesture last spring when the 1936 baseball lettermen elected Kim Williams as captain of the 1937 Michigan team. For at that time, Williams, a Varsity catcher the year before, was in bed at home facing the possibility of never being able to walk again after narrowly escaping death from a disease which cut his normal weight of 185 pounds down to 113. But today Williams is back in school determined that he will lead his team in persqn. He is rapidly regaining strength and weight and doctors concede he has an outside chance of being able to take part in active competition next'spring.
Betas Lead Title ContendenB With the finals In the class “S” fraternity basketball looming in the immediate foreground. Beta Theta pi leads the title contenders by being finalist in the winner’s bracket and having won all of their games to date. In the loser’s half of the schedule, the Sigma Alpha Mu’s are sure semi-finalists with the other team still a matter of conjecture. They have already lost, to the Beta Theta Pi’s but have to lose another game to be put out of the competition.
Fencers To Meet Badgers, Maroons Facing a rigorius two-day schedule at Ghicago this week-end, the Purdue fencing squad will come up against two Big Ten foes as the season draws to a close. The Boilermakers will duel the Wisconsin team at 8 o’clock tonight and will clash with Ghicago tomorrow afternoon at 2:30. Goach Finney thinks that their best chance of coming out victorious will be with the Badger combine with chances of a win over the Maroons also. Nosed Out Although the team has not piled up an impressive list of wins this season, they have only been beaten by a large score once, and that at the start of the year. In all of the other matches they have been nosed out only by a few points, so there is still time for them to demonstrate their prowess by coming out on the large end of the final score in either of these two meets coming up.
SQUASH
TODAY Town Courts 4:00—Blessing vs. Wakefield. 4:00—Simmons vs. Linn. 4:46—rJuve vs. Scully. 4:45—Park vs. Alexander. 4:46—Knoll vs. F. D. Martin. 6:00—^Lucek vs, Lowney, 6:00—Moses vs. Karr.
WAA To Spcmsor State Play Day State; Play itlay Rally to b« held March 15 at the Uirivenrsity, will he sponsored this year by membeim of W, A. A, and all other co-ede who are interested in partieipating or assisting. Various games will be staged for the spectators and Miss Halsey of the University of Iowa will speak at one of the sessions. An all-star game of volleyball between .the varsity members comprising the Gold and Black teams will be an added attraction; —" Co-eds in charge of the various activities are Louanna Thompson^ program committee; Jeannette Shafer, equipment; Pouline Swiefc, publicity; Mildred Mitch, registration; Regina Kelly, hostess; Mary Humphreys and Dora May Patterson, lunch; and Minnadele Venemami, official for games.
Purdue Women Honor Harding With Parties Mrs, Bertita Harding, authoress, who was speaker at the annual Purdue Women’s Club guest parly, held yesterday in the Memorial Union Building, was entertained by Mrs. G. Stanley Meikle, president of the Purdue Women’s Club, at her home, 303 Russell street. Following the club program, Mrs. R. V. Finney honored Mrs. Harding at a tea for friends at her home, 510 Waldron street.
Rent a Car for the Evening ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
IF YOU PiAVE: Rooms for rent Boarding accommodations , -• ■ ■ ■ Books, clothes, guns, cars-—anything you 'want to seU
Let an Exponent Classified Ad Help You Find a Buyer,
For Detailed Information Gonceming Exponent Classified Ad.if mi I i’U “
i
ill
Classified Ads.
Good Portable Victroln — With records. $6.50. Tuxedo suits, at Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 North Fifth street.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented ar-J repaired. Supplies for all machines C. P. EbershofF, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Learn To Dance Correctly—By enrolling in oui new Beginners’ Class Wednesday, March 10 at 7:30 p. ra. Indiana’s Largest Dancing School, at 6th and Ferry streets — Al’en’s.
PEP UP YOUR APPETITE
USE
IT’S FRESH
* *
Sunshine Farms . Phone 5015
Improve Your Dancing—^By enrolling in our New Advanced Class which open Thursday, March 11, at 7:30 p. m.—Allen’s.
Good Printing—Painless prices Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 South 29th street.
Wanted—Good co-ed dates for Cotillion. Banquet guaranteed. Call J. Doan, 6488; J. R. Hamerstadt, 2004; B. Penstermaker, 6071; and R. Hensler, 3301.
NOTICES
No noticM accepted idter S p. m.
History, Economics and Government — Examinations for the removal of conditions will be given March 6, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. Applications should be made at history office by March B —ESTEY
Removal of Math Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in mathematics will be held March 13 at 1 p m in the Recitation Building —MARSHALL.
Geology Conditions—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Geology 3, Physical Geology, and in Geology 6, Forestry Geology will be held in room 207 Heavilon Hall, Saturday, March 6 from 1 to 4 p m. Students intending to take examinations must report to room 202 Heavilon Hall not later than March 4 SERVISS and MILLER.
P. M. 16—Examinations for the removal of conditions and incompletes in descriptive Geometry will be held Saturday, March 6, from I to 4 p. m., in room 808 of the Civil Engineering Building. Arrangements must be made with me prior to taking the examination —PORSCH
Playshop Election—Candidates for 193738 Board positions must turn in petitions at the Union desk before March 5 at 4 p. Playshop members and students with credit in English B1 are eligible —RUSSELL
W. A. A.—Mass meeting March 6 at 4 p m Plans for state play day will be announced and discussed. Championship game between intxamural volleyball teams will be held. -JONES.
P. I. A.—All independent students interested in taking advanced dancing lessons please sign in the P. I A. office from 4 to 6 p m ansrtime before March 6 —BUXTON.
Basketball Game Staff—Faculty and students who acted as ticket takers, sellers, etc , during the basketba 1 season, report at the ticket office immediately for payment —KIZER
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Meeting Sunday March 7 at 7 ‘30 o’clock in rooms
CO-EDS
for
QUALITY SERVICE Call KIENLY'S
Kienly’s Beau^ Studio
662 Main Street
Phone 7727
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
^Come, dear, pay attention to the man—^he*s asking yon a question!*’
» ■’j ,
THE PURQOE BXPOWBWT ■tenatenKteteaamnEBiaagBtBn
1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. All members should attend the important meeting. —^MAAHS.
W. S. G. A.---The following girls are requested to report at the W. S. G. A. office between 4 and 6 o’clock March 6: E. Ainsworth, L. M. Albertson, E. M. Alther, S. L. Anderson, R. A. Angert, B. Appelbaum, R. E. Arbuckle, B. G. Auld, P. T, Axelberg, E. M. Bailey, H. Bailey, C. J Baker, E. G. Baker, F. E. Baker, E. C. Barmes, H. B. Barned, E. A Barton, E. M. Beall. V, Beebe. L. Begfce, E. R. BeU, M. A. Beko, B. E. Bennett, T. Berry, H. F. Billings, B. J. Bills, S. D. Bouton, L. Bradshaw. —LIPPERT.
Organic Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions In Chem.r istry 29 and 107 will be held in room 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistiy Building before the Spring recess. —NELSON.
Fencers—Since we are leaving piomptly at 2 p m. March 5. the following men must get their equipment from the fencing room some time March 4: Latter, McWilliams, Huffman, Matthews, Levin, Meier, Seaborg, and Antucshko. —LACEY.
EnglisK and Speech Conditions—Examinations for the removal of conditions in all courses in English will be held on Saturday, March 20, at 1 p m in room 201, Education Building ■—CREEK
English 1 Conditions—In preparation for the condition examination on March 20, coaching classes will be held as follows Spelling, Thursday, March 11, Friday, March 12, Grammar, Monday, March 16, Tuesday, March 16 , Punctuation, Wednesday, March 17, Thursday, March 18, General Review, Friday, March 19All classes will be held at 4 p m in 201 Education Building No fees, no registration —FOWLER
Students’ Bible Class—Meeting in room C of the Memorial Union Building March 5 at 7 30 p m Everybody invited to heai Dr Ainslie speak on “The Mark Of The Beast ’’ —ZILLGER
W. A. A.—Short meeting of cabin committee March 6 at 5 p m at gym Everyone please be there —HALSTEAD
Newman Club—Social committee meeting March B at 4 16 in Memorial Union Building —KEELEY
Purdue Student Alliance—Volunteers to make posters please report to the Reception Room in the Union at 1 30 p m , on March 6 —BUCKLES
All Cadet Officers—Read information on Corp leview for Military Carnival now in boxes before X hour or corp day drill —HAYFORD
Faculty—Members of the faculty who desire tickets to the Military Carnival and who did not leceive application blanks may obtain tickets by sending an informal lequest and a return envelope to the Adjutant, Military Department These application must be in the Adjutant’s offifce before 4 30 p m March 9 —HAYFORD
W. A. A. Basketball—Ward 2 vs Kappas 4 30 p m Maich 5 in the large gym —SHAFFER Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting March 5 at 7 30 in the Memorial Union Building —FUTOOHEE
State Senate
Rejects Bill
The Indiana State Senate, in a session held Wednesday night, rejected by a vote of 24-22 the measure which was designed to appropriate $50,000 to the University for the continuance of highway commission road experiments. Though the bill was defeated this time, it IS still eligible for action at a future date.
Bud Bryant To Play For L XJ. Union Dance
Bud Bryant and his ‘sweet swing’ campus orchestra of 13 pieces are booked to play for the Indiana University Union-A. W. S, dance in their alumni Hall tonight.
The Risk Dental Clinic
DS. PAUL. A. HISS DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT & RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
AHENTION FRATERNITIES
DID YOU EVER TRY PAPER NAPKINS?
ABI6 SAVIH6
Phone 7828
Lafayette Printing Co.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Alpha Zeta, Xi Sigma Pi, and Ceres, agricultural honoraries, are sponsoring an All-Ag dance to be held tonight in the Memorial Union Building with Pat Clinton and his band syijicopating.
A Bowery Brawl radio dance will be held by the Theta Xi fraternity at the house tomorrow night from 9 to 12.
Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity will hold a formal dance at the house tomorrow night with Ace Williamson's orchestra furnishing the music for the affair.
Lee Bennett and his orchestra will play foi the Cary Hall formal dinner-dance to be held tomorrow night in the North Hall.
•Chi Omega sorority will convene at the Hotel Severin in 'Indianapolis tomorrow for their annual state luncheon and dance.
The Lincoln Hotel in Indianapolis will be the scene of the annual state banquet and dance of the Alpha Tau Omega fraternity tomorrow. Music for the dance will be provided by Joe McCartney’s orchestra.
Delta Tau Delta fiaternity will hold their annual state dance tomorrow night at the Columbia Club with Bud Bryant’s band playing.
Literary Digest Poll Shows Drinking Increase (Continued from page 1)
admire the man who can drink like a gentleman. “3. One third of the colleges replying see a greater increase in beer drinking, two-thirds see an even greater increase in the consumption of cocktails and highballs. “4. A vast majority of college presidents see drinking as a problem in other institutions, but not their own. “5. Everywhere, teetotal enforcement in colleges appears to be crumbling. “6. The average undergraduate does most of his tippling off the campus. “7. Co-eds and women students in general have lost their moral revulsion toward drinking.
LENTEN TREATS
Pastries that bring a new tingle of appreciation to appetites—delicious, wholesome— just the thing to brighten lenten meals. SPECIAL—Hot Cross Buns
Graves’ Quality Bakery
Catering to Fraternities and Sororities
“8. Most student editors are agreed that repeal has aided temperance. The majority favor education for drinking, not against it, as a solution for the liquor problem. “9. No matter whether the state or community is wet or dry, students have little trouble in buying what they want to drink.” Plentiful Use Practically every one of the questionnaire letters told of a plentiful use of hard and light intoxicants by the undergraduate body as a whole. One editor wrote that drinking in his college had increased 500 per cent.
Opinion as to whether or not the general increase was deleterious depended on the correspondent’s personal opinions. Many students who had never touched liquor prior to college days, it wa'R disclosed, had found social pressure or the hew availability of liquor, or the safety oi government-bonded stock an inevitable incentive to drink moderately. Because liquor could be got so easily, with none of that thrill of law breaking once Prohibition fell, hardened carousers drink more temperately than did their older broth-
ers in the days of bathtub gin. Traditional home of American Education, New England, slipped into repeal with lax liquor regulations in its colleges and showed a definite increase in drinking. Harvard and Yale allow drinking in rooms and fraternity houses. Smaller colleges restrict drinking as best they can, but on or off the campus, consumption is general with but slight student sentiment against it. Women’s colleges are most liberal because so many of the students come from the cosmopolitan drinking areas. Also, most ‘dates’ attend neighboring wet “men’s” colleges.
LEARN THE LATE SWING DANCES New Advanced Class
FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
Opens Thurs., Mar. 11
7:30 P. M.
Phone 21p0 Mien Ssth and Ferry
DRUMSTICKS
Not in the band, but that chocolate-covered cone full of ice cream and nuta—
5 cents. Also Cheerios on a stick.
Dad’s Place
So Handy
MARKS
the
SPOT
Where your advertisement should have been this week, but we are using the spot to tell you that wideawake advertisers can get the best results in West Lafayette through the paper that every Purdue student and faculty member reads doily—
THE
Purdue Exponent
r 'V
/