*t ^ 'jix j- •-. \h. } ^)'*'' li*.*./- ^ ^
!^'W"%*S^^ T* ^^~«-
. ' ’ riv.^s® ;- ■'i^'fe
'f
.-/ ^ 'r
T> 1 Purdue
z-tn
Exponent
Volume SL No. 141
Ffidoy, Mmdt 22. 1940
Junior Prom Pate Definitely Fixed; Ticket Price Lowered
250 Co-eds Hear Gilbreth Talk At Annual Banquet Point Winners Awarded Letters;
New WAA Officers Announced
Approximately 250 co-eds attended the annual woman’s athletic association sports banquet in the home economics cafeteria at 6:30 last night. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, WRH resident faculty member and engineering prdfessor, spoke after the banquet on
“The Trained Woman as a Voluntder.^’
Subject of Lecture Before AIEETonite Describing the world famous General Electric “lightning laboratory” of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, with some of the interesting and freak actions of lightning discharges, and explaining the results obtained from study of artificially generated bolts, Dr. Karl B. -McEachron, in charge of lightning research for General Electric, will speak before local AIEE’s and engineers tonight at 7:30 in room 264 of the EE building. Dr. McEachron, through the us^ of illustrative slides, will show how a discharge streamer starts out from a cloud and picks not the shortest but the best and easiest way to the gi;ound. He will also discuss the relative safety of vaiious positions on the ground in a lightning storm. Studied Heife Bom in Hoosick Palls, New York, McEachron attended both Ohio Northern and Purdue Universities, eventually attaining his master's degree in electrical engineering. From 1918 to 1922, he was research assistant here and has been associated with General Electric ever since. With movies, Dr. McEachron displays his thunderbolt laboratory and will give his audience a look at the 10,000,000 volt lightning discharges artificially created by a generator which will put out well over 250,000 amperes. The meeting will be followed by an open forum period during which questions may he asked. Soldier Contest Entries Ciose Saturday, Aprii 6 Entries in the annual Best Soldier Contest, sponsored by Scabbard and Blade, still open to freshmen and sophomores, will be closed Saturday, April 6. The contest, to be held in the armory Saturday afternoon, May 4, is to promote good soldierly characteristics in the corps. ^ i Those entered will be held under observation until May 4, during which time they will be watched and rated on dress, attitude, and actions. Terminating their period of observation, separate examinations will be given to freshmen and sophomores, covering their respective fields of work. A gold medal will go to the winner, while second and third places will receive bronze medals. Citations will be awarded the first five places, and merits will go to all showing active participation. At present, 76 freshmen and 30 sophomores have entered. All interested should sign in the supply room of the armory before April 6.
PENALTY DAYS Starting today at noon, penalty day will be declared. Any student absent from class during the remaining period before spring vacation will be fined five dollars.
The main theme of Dr. Gilbreth’s talk was embodied in her statement of “W^iatever you like, whatever you can do, volunteer for that work. There is no satisfaction in life like a worthwhile service.” Hedwig Remek, a student from Germany, then told of the part that sports play in the life of German
students. Awards
Following ihe addresses, awards of class numerals were made to all co-eds who had eanied 100 WAA points. Jane Fishleigh, Patsy McFarland, Eleanor Harrison, Dorothy Holden, Marjorie Hoover, Marietta Johnson, and Jane Stickler, having made 1,00 points in sports, received large “P” numerals as awards. Immediately after their introduction to the group, these girls were pledged into Sportswoman, athletic honorary, by Mary Mather, president of the organization. i Mary Lee Hickman announced the co-eds who were pledged to the Dance Club. Pledges are Beth Amoss, Jane Anderson, Florence Croll, Dorothy Erickson, Martha Hicks, Marguerite Hans, Marguerite Harpster, Jean Lucas, Mjjra Meese, Olive Metzger, Mary K. Miller, Margaret Oliphant, Bonnie Swope, Matilda -'Storz, Esther Weed, Nelda Wood, and Catharine Zechiel. New Officers New officers of WAA introduced weie Eileen Westover, president: Eleanor Harrison, vice-president; Mary Lou Laswell, secretary; and Marjorie Ward, treasurer. Board members for the new year, which were announced at the same time, aie Barbara Ford, cabin head; Betty Smith, publicity chairman; Dorothy Holden, editor of the WAA paper; Katherine Ade, social chairman; Louise Thomas, Badminton; Mary Pidgeon, baseball; Jane Fishleigh, basketball; Ruth Walker, bowling; Patsy McFarland, fencing; Katherine Hawkins, golf; Gale Hennis, hockey; Jane Blank, pingpong; Opal Blagrave, riflery; Shirley Emhoff; tennis; Catherine Britton, tumbling; and Mary Lee, volleyball. Metzger To Speak At Annual Ag Dinner Annual agriculture alumni-facul-ty-senior dinner to be held in the Union building, 5:30 p. m. April 1, will feature an address by G. E. Metzger, BSA '14, field secretary of the Illinois Agricultural Associa-
tion.
Professor T. A. Coleman, Associate Director of Agricultural Extension at Purdue will serve as toastmaster. Professor William Titkenhead will represent the faculty and Professor V. C. Freeman, President of the Purdue Agricultural Alumni Association, will represent the alumni on the dinner program. Tau Kappa Epsifon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert Russell, Chicago, 111.; Eber Smith, South Bend; Sam Pence, Goshen; Kenneth Mack, Goshen; Jarvis Jens, Hammond; James Fraser, Logansport; Sam Scott, New Albany; and Glenn McDowell, West Lafayette. Three freshmen were also recently pledged into TKE fraternity. They are Thomas Hoover, Elkhart; Jack West, Flossmore; and Don Groves, Jamestown.
Band Selection Remains Mystery Prom date is fixed—stationary—definite. It won't be changed! Friday, the 19th day of April, is the day. In addition, upper class eds, usually hard pressed in the' pocketbook, will rejoice when they step up to purchase bids. The price has been lowered one dollar and tickets will go on sale at the new low of three dollars per. Although no band has as yet been signed, a contract is in the ofiing and details will be announced following spring vacation. Also shrouded in secrecy is the decoration scheme which won a comp for its designer. Bill Hepburn.
Dirty Cords Owner Drags Down Debris
Shown above is a photograph of a pair of belligerent cords belonging to Charles K. Milner, CB '40. The cords, which stand Gibraltar-like guarding the citadel of Milner’s private effects, were just dirty enough, and in short typical enough to produce a picture that won for their owner the “DebrisExponent” “picture of thej month and the year” contest. Milner will receive a free 1940 “Debris” for his efforts. The picture is one of the many submitted in the contest throughout the year.
It's Your Last Chance This Semester So Get Your Mortar Board Date Early
By Irma Ircnn
“A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush”—so goes an old saying which might be traced by Confucius, although that’s doubtful. And here’s a warning to you co-eds: It’s going to be mighty risky business, letting that counterpart of Clark Gable go home to the arms of his- loved ones without even the sign of a string
around his finger.
All of which le^ds up to this—ask him to that dance that will appeal to all of his two ounces of chivalry— Mortar Boaid’s Southern Ball.
Ulterior MotivO
It IS in reality a self-protective
measure, this asking him three ^weeks ahead of time. Why it may even keep him from bringing an import to prom! (One week from said ball, if you will stop and recollect.) Don’t rely too much on the effect of the invitation as far as
prom goes, but ifllte an idea. And when a man is gone from
sight a whole week, exposed to you don’t know how many womanly wiles, he has to be pretty well anchored to keep froni floating off on
a tangent. ,
Beautiful Gesture Then too, wouldn’t it be a nice gesture to show him how much you appreciate his always giving you a nice margin of time in which to break a date, by giving him the same
privilege.
Sigma Pi
Harris Takes Top Honors In Hanley Contest Finals Belles, Croft Receive Second And Third Prize Awards Respectively Winner in the finals of the annual Hanley Speech Contest held last night in Eliza Fowler Hall was William Harris, senior in the school of chemical engineering. Speaking on “Big Steel,” Harris outlined the history of the production of steel in this country as applied to big business.
And he, being the very soul of honor, will do (we hope) what down in his heart (?) he’s been aching for you to do—he’ll plan for the evening, keep it clear from last minute engagements, and perhaps miracle of miracles, he’ll even be on
time!
At any rate the early bird get^ the worm, and there’s no limit to what an early co-ed might get. Cosmopolitan Members Will See Movies Tonight Don Lamb will present movies of his tour through Europe, Asia, and Africa last fall at the regular meeting of the Cosmopolitan Club in the reception room of the Union this afternoon at 4:30. The film, entitled “20,000 Miles of Color,” shows views of the ruins of Pompeii, the Egyptian pyramids, Helsinki, Iraq, and other places visited by the photographer. There are also some pictures taken at the New
York World’s Fair.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Charles Joseph Hart, Fort Wajme, and Verton Low-
ell Higdon, Indianapolis.
In particular, he discussed the gressive policy of United States Steel, explaining its origin, original policies, and later revisions forced by the market and realized in time to enable the corporation to satisfy probing by T. N. E. C. and to remain an important governing agency in a powerful and essential industry. Pointing to this attitude of progress and consideration of service to the American Public, Harris aptilied it as an example to be followed by others of our large corporations. Belles Second Placing second, Gordon Belles spoke on “Men and Motion.” William Croft took third place with “Sharecropper’s Glory,” and Norman Gessley took fourth place with “It Must Be a Monopoly,” while Clyde Stewart and Jack Msrracle won honorable mention speaking respectively upon “Linking the Americas” and “Backyard Gold.” Chairman for the evening was Prof. D. L. Arm of the school of mechanical engineering. Judges were Di. A. A. Potter, Dean of the schools of engineering. Professor G. R. Thornton of the education department, Prof. A. H. Monroe and L. S. ^Winch of the speech department, and A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette contractor. These contests, sponsored by W. A. Hanley, ’ll, are limited to undergraduate engineer|ing students speaking on the economic aspects of some subject. Glider Club Will Test "Flying Boilermaker" In preparation for a trip to Frankfurt, Michigan, tomorrow, the Glider Club has dismantled their two newly acquired gliders, “LaPaloma” and “Flying Boilermaker,” and loaded them on ti'ailers to make the trip. Club members making the trip are planning to remain in Frankfurt over the Spring vacation during which several tests will be given the “Flying Boilermaker” in order 1^0 detei’mine its performance in the air. Principal reason for the trip is to acquaint several of the new membeis of the club with ridge soaring in preparation for the forthcoming third annual American open soaring meet in which the club will participate next August. Andre Philip To Talk At Convo Aprils Andre Philip, member of the French Chamber of Deputies since 1936 and also professor of economics and finance at the University of Lyons, will speak at a special convocation here April 3. He will speak on Europe: “A Myth or a Reality.” The convocation, open to students, faulty members, and residents of the community, will start at 8 o’clock. Delta Gamma . . . social sorority, announces the election Of the following officers: Mary Jean Sefton, president; Bernice Beisel, vice-president; Peggy McMath, secretary; Annabel Teeter, treasurer; Louise Krug, rush chairman; and Virginia Keller, social chairman.
North Central State Entomologists Hold Annual Conference Entomologists of the north central states opened their 19th annual conference yesterday in the Union. The meetings sponsored an exchange of information of vegetable, greenhouse, and stored products insect control. A banquet was held in the South ballroom, and after the dinner a film was shown on insect problems. Entertainment included a “Bubbles Concerto” by Eiffle G. Plasterer. Termite Control Today the conference will discuss termtie" control and fumigation problems in industry. A number of speeches will be made concerning corn-borer control in the north central states. According to Frank N. Wallace of Indianapolis, the Japanese Beetle situation in Indiana and surrounding states hasn’t changed much. Two hundred beetles were trapped in 90 Hoosier cities and towns since 1934. He explained the insect’s danger comes from its threat to golf courses, lawns, fruits, flowers, and corn silks. Early control measures were thought to be most effective in curbing its threat. I Smith Talks This morning^ at 9, Harry S. Smith, president' of the A.A.E.E., will discuss “The American Association of Economic Entomologists and Its Relation to Commercial Entomologists.” These conferences will finish at 4 this ^temoon. Approximately 150 entomologists from 17 states are liere for the conferences. The states range from California to Washington, D. C., including representatives from two of the Canadian provinces. High School Orators Willtompetoln State Declamation Contest Representing 17 Indiana High Schools, 76 young orators will enter the annual State Declamation Coiitest to be held here for the first tame tomorrow. ^ Competition will be divided into three divisions: oratorical, dramatic, and humorous, with vrinners of each division earning the right to represent the State in the national contest to be held at Terre Haute from April 29 to May 3. Medals Medals will he awarded to the individual winners of each division in addition to the plaques which will go to the three high schools who earn the highest number of points during the course of the contest. All contestants will take part in the first two rounds which are to start at 10 and 11 o'clock tomoii^w morning while the top 60 percent of these two rounds will have the chance to compete in the semi-finals starting at 2 in the afternoon. Finals will be held in the evening starts ing at & p. m. Contest wiH be under the direction of the Univer^^ speech and English department wtih Prof. P. E. l*oll of the speech staff in charge.
Ml-‘I
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, March 22, 1940
20 Diamondmen Embark Today For Annual Southern Trek
Boilermaker Baseball Squad Will Meet Pensqcqla, Alabama Tech In Six Games
I i
By John Loomis Early tomorrow momife Coack Dutch Fehring’s 1940 baseball machine will leave for the land of the sunny south where they will undergo an intensive training program in jireparation for the Big Ten schedule. The sguad of 20 men wiU be joined in Indianapolis by Carmen Hill, fo:&ie* major league nmimidsman, ■vlrhb reached'his greatest fam4 ^(uring his yeafs witk^fke Pittsburg Pirates. For the fourth consecutive year HiU will jbe on the jobVhipping the Riveter hurlel^s lnt6 shape dui^n^ tkeir southern jaunt. ’ ^ 'n • ,
Riveter Linksmen Play Three Matches In South
By Don Meier
Six Boilermaker golfers will open the second season under the tutelage of Coach Harry Allspaw with a trip through the Southland during spring vacation. Doug McDaniel, R. I. McKenzie, R. E. Spinner, S. D. Weldy, G. K. Dahl, and Captain Bob Soffer will leave for the warmer climates sometime tomorrow or Sunday. Schools whose teams will make up
'Dutch' Fehring
New Men Show Uj) Well In Spring Grid Practice Sessions There aren’t any signs of synchronized plays that function With November trickery, nor are there signs of “sixty minute” quarterbacks in the Boilermaker football squad that holds its sl)ring workouts daily on the soil of Stuart Field. ’ In practice yesterday afternoon, Mai ElWard seemed to have everyone ekcfept the ivater-boys calling signals. Carey, a fancy-stepping halfback from the home of Indiana high School grid champions, Peru, is being groomed to rehabilitate himself to a strange position of
quarterback.
Last night he was calling signals and dashing around with a quartet composed, of Galvin and Gantz at halfs and Johnny Petty at fullback. Can Petty Deliver? Great accomplishmSnts are expected of Petty this coming fall, which will be the big Pennsylvania lad’s last season of intercollegiate football. Big John is built around the shouders like former Purdue greats such as the powerful Welsch, Horstman, and Drake, but at present, he lacks the ability to get his 6-2 frame low while he’s running. Once he accomplishes this ability, he’s going to make a few tackles and guards groan from some superstructures on a few Sunday morn-
ings next fall.
Improved As A Frosh As a sophomore. Petty, had two strikes on him. He reported for practice as the winner of the freshman watch, awarded for rhinie imspring. But Purdue had enough fullbacks for five first class college teams. There was the pile driving Tony Juska, the block-fool, Ippolito, swift Leon DeWitte, Paul Liebreeht, and Frank Winchell. Enough is enough, so Petty went to halfback for a season, and was like a fish out of water. Last season, he returned to his old stomping grounds, as fullback. But with Leon DeWitte tackling ball carrier from the Wabash to the Pacific with such concussions and accuracy that he set a conference mark for defense tackleP, John may sit on the old wood for another season. To John, Purdue has been like playing at Notre Dame, where one plays in spurts of hot and cold. This season, John will naturally get the call from seniority, but there is a sophomore, Blufiington, and a junior, Schumacher, who can turn in some juicy leather lugging, also. Kersey, the only signal caller remaining with any experience, and that of on^y one game, is a bit heavier than' last season, but he’s got games next fall. “Tex” Smerke, a frosh from Texas, is also giving Elward a head-ache in choosing the “right one,” because this Smerke has brains, and is small like Red Shackleton; but there is a place for more than one quarterback.
Treat Your lawn to the Best Try our high test lawn seed. Free from weeds. ARMOUR'S FERTILIZER 25 lbs $115 50 lbs $175 100 lbs ^ $3.25 HOOK & Kami HDW. CO. North Side of Square
the competition for the local boys during the spring trip are Georgia Tech, the University of Georgia, and t]^e University of Tennessee. Coach Allspaw does not expect too much in the way of victories, however, since the Dixieland teams have been practicing throughout the winter. The three combinations facing the Boilermakers having already played in a dozen matches or more. Four Lettermen Back Coach Allspaw’s first year as Riveter golfing mentor proved to be a very successful one for the Gold and Black golfers. The sqfiad won seven out of ten matches and placed a close second to Notre Dame in the state
meet.
Some difficulty will be encountered by Coach Allspaw in the replacement of such veterans as Captain John David, who won the majority of his matdhes last season and broke the course record in the state meet, and Ralph Hill, who improved into one of the first four players last year. The return of four lettermen, Bob McKenzie, Bob Hoffer, Tom Marshall, and Sam Weldy will help strengthen the team, however, and these men, in addition to several promising sophomores, will form the nucleus for the 1940 squad. 12 Meet Schedule The complete spring schedule folMarch 25—At Georgia Tech, Atlanta, Ga. March 26—At University of Georgia, Athens, Ga. March 28—At University of Tennessee, Knoxville, Tenn. April 13—University of Detroit,
here.
April 18—At Notre Dame. April 27—Butler here. April 29—Michigan here. May 3—Illinois here. May 6—At Ohio State. May 11—Michigan State here May 13—At Chicago. May 20-21—Big Ten Meet at Columbus, Ohio. Sigma Alpha Mu Wins IM Badminton Tourney Sigma Alpha Mu won the Interfraternity Badminton championship last night by downing the Phi Kappa Tau team in three of four matches. In the semi-finals the champions beat Sigma Alpha Epsilon while the Phi Kappa Tau team disposed of the Lambda Chi Alpha representation in the other bracket.
UffimSETU — TODAY-SATURDAY —
THEY WERE MEANT FOR EACH OTHER . . . JUST LIKE THUNDER AND LIGHTNiNGI
tjke Greotest Novel 6f Our Time!
- OmU F. ZANUCK'S prt*(«.n Cfmgrnw . .. HENBY FONDA . '
. .. Boilermaker diamond mentor, will guide the team during their fourth annual Southern jaunt.
peJidB/ik, By Robert J. Deckard Although they have not signed up with hny professional football teartis, five Boilermaker footballers, all seniors this year, have indicated they have plans to play “pro” ball next fall, and another pigskinner is going into “pro” baseball as soon as the current colle^ihte season reaches a termination. I -v-fc— It might be wise to explain here why the Boilermakers have not as yet signed contracts . . . According to rules and regulations that govern professional football playing, a college player is not allowed to sign a contract with any professional team until his class has graduated, thus explaining why the local lads have not put their John Hancocks on the dotted line. —^fc— Ted Henms, sterling quarterback, has been drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles, while Jim Welsch, half, and Leon DeWitte, full, have plans to go to Detroit’s Lions.
Two outstanding Boilermakers during the last three years will join a University alumnus, Cecil Isbell, who passed his way to fame with the Green Bay Packers, pro football champs last year ... Lou Brock, probably the stingiest of the famous “Three Bees,” a combination of nationally-known backs of Purdue, has been drafted by the Packers as has Frank Bykowski, guard, who received nation-wide acclaim last season as a guard deluxe. —fc— Felix Mackiewicz, end on PU’s grid team and crack third-baseman on the Dutch Fehring outfit, will not follow in the footsteps of his colleagues . . . Mac will probably stick to baseball after graduation, and we understand he has an excellent chance to sign up with either Chicago’s White Sox or Cub baseball club.
NEW LUXURIOUS SEATS
MaiU
— TODAY-SATURDAY — —TWO ACTION HITS—
Follow Uncle Sam’s T-Men as they face then toughest assignment 1...
PLUS He's
Rougher and Tougher than
ever!
FRANKIE DARRO
in
Chasing Trouble
— COMING — -“Abe Lincoln in Illinois'' Walt Disney's "Pinochio'
LUMA — TODAY-SATURDAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS
— ALSO — ZANE GREY'S
jeanTPAikKea Russell HAYDEN ParamamiP/ctitri
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
STOP LOOK
g
JIAN ftOOEUS • WIUIAM nUWUEV ROBERT KEUARO > iODII CQUtH$ MUNNA OOliUBl • Cora Sue OOUMS
— AND
Meet Airmen Monday On Monday the Boilermakers will 6pen a three game series in Penshcola, Florida with the U. S. Naval Air Station nine. Following this series they will jump to Auburn', Alabama, for a three game schedule with Alabama Polytechnic, beginning Thursday. Upon their return to northern climes, the Riveters will open their home schedule with a game against Wabash on April 6. Following this warmup contest with the Little Giants will be the big “baseball week” featuring the Big Ten openers vnth the defending champions from Iowa on April 10-11, and an exhibition game with the Pittsburgh Pirates April 12. Twenty Men Make Trip Last year on their Southern journey the Boilermakers met two foes, Louisiana Tech and Alabama, and chalked up two wins, two ties, and one loss to their record. Accompanied by Dutch Fehring, “Pop” Doan, “Lon” Mann, and Bert Sanders, the following twenty men will make this year’s trip: Danowski, Mitchell, McFerren, Smithson, Vernon, Heame, Mackiewicz, Stamm, Wargo, Young, Bailey, Blanken, Higgins, Nhvta, Hill, Fisher, Yeager, Rawles, Ridgway, and Waterhouse.
Red Cross Insirudor's I X Training To Begin April 1 ' ^ ( Preliminary training for students who expect to qualify for the American Red Cross Instructor’s rating will be conducted in ‘thid pool in the mfen’s gymnasium the week immediately following the close of spring vacation, it was announced today. Tentative plhns for tlbe week’s instruction call for ineetings on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday nights from 7 to 9 o’clock and ott Tuesday until 6 o’clock. * Following the preliminary work, Thotnas F. Costello, from the JjTational Red Cross headquEirters in Washington, D. C., will be on the campus from April 8 to 12 to conduct training and examinations. EARN $50 WEEK DURmO SOi^iViER OR YEAR-ROUND > We can use several reliable college men, durirg summer or full time, to operate movie circuits in theatreless communities Earnings $50 00 a week and better Projection equipment, sound films, everything furnished No experience needed. For complete information write immediately to Southern Visual Equipment Co, Department .®, Box ^‘0-1, Ilcmphij, Tennessee.
MARS Starts SATURDAY THE BOOK THAT THBIilEO MilllOHS IS SPENCER TRACY'S IMOST STIRRIN6 TRIBMPH!
KENNETH ROBERTS' MORTHWEST ^JIASSAOE''^ (Book I-Rogers'Rangers) With spencIr tbacy
ROBERT mm WALTER BRENNAN RUTH HUSSEY
- LAST TIMES TODAY - PAT O'BRIEN in 'SLIGHTLY HONORABLE'
MARS
—ONE DAY onlywed. APRIL 3 MATINEE » NIGHT
THE LAST AND MOST OUTSTANDING LEGITIMATE STAGE PLAY TO BE PRESENTED THIS SEASON EVA LE GALLIENE ONE OF THE FIRST LADIES OF THE THEATRE
IN
ISBEN'S CLASSIC DRAMA
##
/#
GAB1.ER
— with — EARL LARIMORE AND A SUPERB BROADWAY CAST
— All Seats Reserved — Mail Orders Now ORDER YOUR TICKETS NOW BEFORE LEAVING ON YOUR SPRING VACATION— MATINEE 55 - 83 - 1.10 - 1.65 night 83 - I.IO - 1.65 - 2.00 - 2.50 —Including Tax—
ADM.
Y K4
m
"r.
Friday. Match 22, 1940
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
# mA
Tennis Squad Begin
For
nGameSdiediile
Z' f /
I - V*
With only two lettermen left from last year’s varsity squad, Tennis Xvoach Larry LaBree faces the task of entirejly remolding his ranking players for the coming dual mateh season. Starting April 19, the Boilermakers will face 12 oppdhenfs' duHng the remainder of the semester. * Of last year’s five top-string players only Jim Hebbeler and Herbe Fuente remain to carry the burden. Coach LaBree ’ must find replacements for pave Blitz, Tom Jackson, and Ohairles Mann. Cohch LaBree hopes to ^t more practice in^'before the first match than was ]^oi^i'ble last year because of the inclement weather. Due to their lack of training, last season’s team feot off' to a bad start, then finished strong. The record was six victories against five defeats. This year’s complete schedule follows: ' • i April 19—At Butler. April 20—Western State Teachers, here. April 22—At Ball State. April 26—Michigan, here. April 27—illittois State Teachers, here. ' April 99—At Wisconsin (Tentative) . May S—^Michigan State, here. May 4—Northwestern, here. May 6—^At DeBauw. May 7—^Armour Tech, here. May 10-11—Illinois, Iowa, and 'Purdue at Iowa.
Gold and Black Wrestlers Train For National Meet Two members of the wrestling squad. Captain Norman Willey and Casey Fredricks, will represfent the Boilermakers in the National Collegiate wrestling tournament to be held at the University of Illinois' on March 29-30. Fredericks will wrestle in the 121 pound class and Capt. Willey will compete in the 165 pound division. Fredericks, who was undefeated during the dual meet season andyvon the Midwest A. A. U. meet, is expected to be a strong contender in his weight division. George Ade Accepts Gala Week Invitation Tentative acceptance came today from George Ade, Ifidiana humorist and University benefactor, of an invitation from the class of 1910 to be its guest of honor at the class dinner on May 3, during Gala Week. The reply to the invitation came to E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, through John M. Drabelle, secretary of the class of 1910. Ade has been seriously ill at his winter home in Miami Beach, Fla., for several weeks, and this letter* marked the first time in a month that he has been able to sit up and to answer his correspondence.
May 16-17-18—Ohio State and Indiana, here. May 21—Indiana State Teachers, here. May 23-26—Big Tfen Meet at Northwestern.
Going Home For Easter? Travel in Studeht Parties to Chicago, Cleveland, Buffalo and New York SATURDAY, MARCH 23rd CHICAGO NEW YORK Lv. Lafayette... ..12:45 p.m. CT Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m. CT Ar. Chicago. 3:15 p.m. CT Ar. New York 8:00 a.m. ET CLEVELAND and BUFFALO Lv. Lafayette 12:30 p.m. CT Ar. Cleveland 8:15 p.m. ET Ar. Buffalo 11:59 p.m. ET Ticket for the above points must be arranged for and purchased at STUDENT SENATE OFFICE, Room 360 Union Building from March 19 to March 22 inclusive between 4 p. m. and 6 p. m. Herbert Fishburn, Pres. Student Senate Phone 4005 New York Central System
fueeman
CAMPUS CREEPERS
THICK GENUINE CREPE RUBBER BOTTOMS Like walking on pillows . . . that’s how yon feel in Campus Creepers. These long-lived cushioned bottoms are an extra feature added to the smart styling, quality leathers, and sound shflemakiqg you’ve learned to expect in all Freeman Shoes.
WORN WITH PRIDE
m i t L il O N S
A. B. C Shoe Co.. Inc.
406 MAIN STREET
Indiana Coal Dealers MeetHereApril1,2 ' 1 Users, distributors, and producers of liidiaria cfodl 'Oylllmeet at the Univepity dii Apkl'l'fiitd 2 for'the annthiT’'IndiattfiVGoal conference. The mechaiiloal en^fieeriiig' hnd engineering extension department will direct a foram disliutsiOn on fuel problems. On Tuesday morning Professor G- A. Young, head of/the school of -mechaiiical engineering, will open the conference with a speech of welcome. Professor W. T. Miller will speak on the fundamentals of combustion, followed by ^W.‘ 4l. Puggsley, of Michigan City, whose subject will be the selection, installation, an'd use of combustion control instruments. K. C. Bichmond, Chicago, and Herman Winkler, Lebanon, will take up different phases of the general ,,subj4i^, “The Domestic and Small Industrial Stoker” during the aftethoon session. On Tuesday evening Otto de Lorenzi, of New York will speak on, “Furnace Design Requirements.” ' “Methods of Burning Mid-west-ern Coals” will be the topic for discussion on Wednesday morning. W. S. Major, Chicago, will speak on underfed stokers J A. B. Openshaw, Chicago, on chain and traveling grate stokers; J. R. Hoffman, Detroit, on Spreader stokers, with a talk on pulverized coal by R. L. Wfessler, Indianapolis. E. F. Fager, Chicago, will bring the program to a close Wednesday afternoon with a discussion on boiler feedwater treatment of Indiana water. Varsity Pistol Team Wins Two Out Of Three Matches The Varsity pistol team shot! ^hree matches last week, winning matches with Cornell and Harvard, and losing its first match out of 13 to Texas A. & M. The frosh team won matches from Texas A. & M. and Harvard and won from Cornell by forfeit. Matches with Utah, Virginia Military Institute, West **'Point, and Eastern Kentucky State Teacher’s College are scheduled for this week.
Florence Otto Descrihes ^ i f i i ( Girl Seoul Oppqrlunilies 11 f j, 4 As Professional Career ’V Florence Otto, field secretary of the Girl Scouts of America, talked to a grqup of co-eds yesterday at 4 p. m. in the Intramural office of the Memoriat Qjnnnasium about the opportunities for positions in Girl ScbiA Work. She 'told of th6 professional rather th^n'^the volutltfeer sidfe of scoiitingl, All professional workers are sent out from the national office in New York. “I feel that it is a decidedly good field to get into," said 'Ivliss Otto While ‘ explaining the' ad-Vjhnta^s ef k pdsition with the ^tdtits; She pointed out thhtithe jobs are varied and‘never cease to be of Interest. There is also a good chance for advancement, and a worker contihually gets training and praCtifcal experiertte in group Work and'organization. Purdue Religious Couucjl . . . will present a program of steroptican pictures of great religious art today at the Methodist Church at 8 p. m. Many' of the greatest pictures of thO Bible including "Da Vinci’s “Last Supper,” Hoffman’s “In The Garden,” and Van Dyke’s “Betrayed and Arrest” will be shown. They will be accompanied by choral and organ music. This prograih'i^ free toi:h6 public.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. ME 31 ConditioMt Examination will be hold in iroom SOI of the ME buildinir on Satnrday, April 6 at 1 p. m. All who intend to take Utis make-up lAould notify the undersigned before 12 noon Saturday, MaFcfa 28. —MESSJpiR^MCTH. Pnrdue Gymnastic Club: All members of the club who are to perform in the meet with Williams College are to workout their exercises by April 5. Practice is being held every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, frdm 4 to 6 p.\m. at the Fieldhouse. ^ —MIDDLETON.
University of Oklahoma students recently voted sir to one in favor of continuing inter-collegiate football.
Senior Tactics (MTS) Classes: Meet at the north door of Armory on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, March 21, 22, and 23. Continuation of the Albert Smith Award Problem. Bring your Pnrdue and vicinity map. —THOMPSON. Senior Military: Please return the proof of the photograph that you desire placed in the class :i^icture to Mr. Einea prior to noon Saturday, March 23. ' - ^ —PICKERING. Independent Staff: Editorial and advertising workers, read notice on bulletin board before leaving on spring vacation. Very important. - —ARCHIBALD.
We Sjiiggest Hot'Cross Buns Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and Sororitiei^
MEET and EAT ) IC AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
V'
GRIN AND BEAR IT
•fUdktf
“Fifteen dollars fine fur speedin’, Liem, an’ with the $15 you owe me from poker last month, it adds up to $30—or 30 days.”
Penalty Dates: During the present semester there will be two penalty dates. From noon March 22 to noon March 23 and April 1. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after spring recess. Absence from a regular meeting of any class during these periods will result in a fine of 36 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed. —FISHER.
Notice: Reduced rates for si^eei^ trains to New York. Buffalo, Cleveland, aBd Cbifsgo are now on sale in the StndeBt Senate office, and may be obtained oq Friday, March 22 from 1 to 6 p. m., and from 7 to 9 that evening. ‘ ’ —FISHBDRil.
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Movies of Arabia will be shown at 4:30 p. m. Friday, March 22, in room 304 of the Union. Hike capcelled. —SHICKEL.
Sophomore Military Students: Advanced course list posted on the bulletin board in the armory. Read it and comply with instructions. (4-6) —WISELOGEL. Distinguished Students’ Refunds: Now available at the cashier’s office in the executive building. —HOLLENSBE.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewritom. AU *mdcem standard and po:[^ble, sold, pocdiaaed, rented and repaired, New portable maeWnm as lortr ad $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebenheff, 695 Main street.
NYA Checks: For period ending March 7. now available at Cashier’s Office in executive building. —HOLLENSBE.
Freemen Engineers: Students assigned to engin^ring lectures will report on Saturn day, March 23, by schools as follows, Students whose names begin with A-E, Room 101, Michael Golden Shops; F-Le, Room 264, Electrical Building; Li-R, Room 129, Electrical Blinding; S-Z, Room 201, Civil Building. / —KNAPP.
Stndent WaMiinc—Special Price. Gall fM and deliver. Work guaranteed., Phone 74^ 1934 TERRAPLANE convertible conpe. Good condition. Sell at sacrifice. Name yonr terms. T. M. Patrick, idunto B421. FOR SALE: ‘29 Model ’A’ Ford — Good condition. Call F. S. Btemer, 6068.
FOR RENT Rnse -Rent-A-Car Service. Cmoi for aR o||uions. Min. ^.60 ell nlBM* Phone
Military Students: Uniforms will not be required to attend military classes or driU from noon Fridaj^, March 22 to noon Saturday, March 23. —WISELOGEL.
LOST AND FOUND Fonnd—^Parkette Fen. Grant street near CE bnilding. Owner claim. 245 Wood. Lost: A P sweater Wednesday at Athletic Carnival. Sure would like to have sweater. Reward. Call 6028. ’ ' ’
Wesley Foundation Ma'rriage Class: The last session will be held Friday, March 22, from 7:16 to 7:46 p. m. There will be a brief worship service followed by a model wedding. Open only to those who have been in the class before. —McFADDEN.
Lost: Gold Eversharp Fountain Pen near Union or Library. Reward Cidl A. Aridn. 7724.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting of all actives and pledges Tuesday, April 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 134 of the electrical engineering building for discussion of open house. Meeting that afternoon has been cancelled. —KEEN.
Lost: Log log slide rnle No. 300011 Saturday at 12:16 p. m. between Mechanical Engineering bnilding and Physics bnilding. Please retuni to'i^ain,nffi9^.|(^. pny. LostGruen Wrist Wat^, 'Chfnn^nm with white gold case, keepsake. Reward. Rasmnssen. 3656S. ' '
_ Sweetheart Ticket Sellers: All money and tickets for Sweethearts must be turned in at the Playshop office by 6:30 p. m., Friday, March 22. —McKEE
LOST: One Wahl pen. Green wiUi James R. Bain stamped on the side. Liberal Reward; no questions ..asked. Call 61408. Thanks.
Exponent Editorial Staff: New work schedules have been posted in the office. They’re pretty, come in and see them. —FRED.
Lost: K. & E. log log duplex sHde rale in stiff black case. Lqft in Heavilon Hall, 110, Fri. a. m., IJarch ^6^ Phone ^78. Reward. Lost: Billfold, initialed DMW containing tickets to “Grand lilnsion.” Please ckll Elinor Ward. Phone 2661.
WE WISH YOU A VERY PLEASANT SPRING VACATION Recuperate when you get back ON OUR best quabty MILK CaU 5015 SUNSHINE FARMS 807 North 4th Rhone 5015
% i'' . f 5 ^PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Mo^ch 22, 1941
Purdue Exponent
B. Inslejr W. E. Smith
Editor-in-Chief . Bnsiness Managrer
D, G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managing editor; E. M, Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor ; R. Jenkins, sports editor.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Laf fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congrress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the r^ular academic year ai>d weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier tot $3.00. per year, mail subscription $3.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director.
Night Editor, Hriple Issue Editor, Sidwell Day Editor, Carroll Friday, March 22,1940.
//
Pardon Me'
But
By Romanoff
One of our fellow students (?) was lugging around some extraneous material in class the other day. Among it w^as a pamphlet advertising Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland . . . wherever that may be. The stomach of said pamphlet was a two-page spread titled “Air View of Campus Plan.” At the lower right side of the page under the heading “Legend” they listed their buildings, from A to R. We thought “not bad” .. . Then a closer examination of the “legend” revealed that buildings B, D, E, F, G, I, L, M, N, P, andR were prefixed with the word “proposed” , . . This startling fact left Case School of Applied Science in Cleveland . . . wherever that may be . . . with only five real sure-nuf buildings ... . . . and no building “0” at all. They said a mouthful when they said “legend.”
Shortly after spring vacation PardoR Me, Purdue’s first etiquette book, will be ready for distribution. Written by Georgann Schilling, Exponent co-ed editor, the book was published so that Purdue students might “find and lubricate their social bearings.” Georgann has donated her script to the Purdue Independent Association with but one request, that the finished p)*oduct be distributed free to University students. Since the book is to be printed by the PIA, members of the organization, approximately 1,000, will receive their copies free. The second thousand copies will be sold to organized students and others for ten cents .. . five cents will be placed in a fund for future editions, and the remaining nickel will repay the PIA for their original investment. In addition, a copy will be presented to each fraternity, sorority, organized house, and residence hall for its library. Pardon Me contains only ettiquette problems facing university students, especially Purdue. It is written in a light, humorous vein. The editor has taken the “do’s” and “don’ts” of college life and made them good reading. Credit is due Georgann for her fine script, and the PIA for publishing the book this year and in years to come. —JHMcK.
Alpha Zeta
After a short absence, ybur regular B & B Editor is again bn the job, with bigger and better dirt. So relax, everybody, and enjoy the copy. • ^B &B—
Ode To Spring Spring has sprung. The grasses has riz. I wonder where in the heck the flowers is.
. . . national agricultural'honorary, announces the following pledges: George S. Abshier, Rockport; Charles L. Ford, ,West Point; James R. Blackwell, Teire Hapte; Glenn L. Searcy, Patriot; Sidney B. Legg, Windfall; Ed J. Morthland, Valparaiso; Robert Payne, Cutler, Robert K. Waugh, Columbia City. Also selected as a pledge for associate membership by the unanimous vote of the Alpha Zeta Higl) > Council was Dean Harry J. Reed. Dean Reed will be initiated at the annual Alpha Zeta spring banquet, April 10, by several of the founders of the organization including Dean John Cunningham of Ohio" State University.
SPRING DANC£ Wed., March 27 9:00 m. SOCIAL DANCING pOLLbW ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN ADVANCED THURS. MARCH 28 BEGINNER'S FRIDAY MARCH 29 6:30 P.M. V CHILDREN'S CLASSES OPEN S Saturday, March 30Hi PHONE 2150
AULEIV^S dtli aadl Fcny
-B & B—
Spring reaps its reward already. Bill Hosier, Phi Delt, has finally given his pin up to Thelma Cox. This" impending climax reached its head during the beautiful spring nights we had lately. They’ve only known each other intimately for two months . . *■
Prank Richardson, the guy who wanted to go steady, has leaimed his lesson. To bind their everlasting love, he gave the girl, Marge Baldwin, a beautiful Garnet ring, which she took coyly. A few days ago, Frank received the same ring from the same girl, with different sentiments.
—B & B-
MIDNIGHT SHOW SAT. — 12:05 ON SCREEN: A picture every woman will want to see with the man she loves ^— “A CHILD IS BORN” 25 Cents TILL 3 P. M. WKDAYS ...
People have often told us not to read the “dirty old yellow Trib” but we never knew why until today . . . An ad down at the foot of the radio page renewed our faith in human nature ... . and the Trib:
Looks like a plain case of an ad-man on a' bat. , ... or maybe he was trying to beat the “wkday 3 p. m.” deadline with the woman he loves. . .
Short True Story: Ed Denhard met a beautiful girl, a WRH’er. by name of Jean Stigerwall. He mentioned the Soph Cotillion—meaning no harm. Two days before the dance, he met another beautiful girl, a West Side Senior. (Name unknown). He dated her! That night he received a call from Jean’s roommate. She said, “Jean is expecting you to take her to the cotillion.” Says our hero, “No, no!!” He calls up .Jean and proceeds to break the date—-in which he was successful. Then ^ the poor sucker made a coke date with both girls, plaiming to talk things over. He fell arieep and didn’t show up. Result: Ed broke one heart, (Jean’fe). He now has a high school senior on his hands. And finally, he now holds the Sucker No. 1 position . . . Finis.
AND HIS ORCHESTRA The American Legion
Auxiliary April 5th . Dancing 9 to 1 Lafayette Armory 9th & Union Tickets May Be Purchased at DEACS West Desk of Union |f
Phone 3085
DOLL-UP for EasterI
What's more becoming than an American—; Cleaned Ensemble!
Phone NOW for Pick-uir!
Laundry
West Side Office 192 Vino St
James E.
... BS EE ’31, recently received a Charles A. Coffin award by the General Electric Company for meritorious accomplishment. Mr. Beggs developed a new type, of receiving loop antenna which has been used largely by the General Electric Company and to a lesser extent by many other companies during the past year.
. . . Club of Purdue announces its recent affiliation with the College Republicans of America. The purpose of this organization is to promote political interest among the students through a series of speeches and social events. Memhei'ship is open to all students, and representatives have been placed in nearly all organized houses.
Spring Vacation
will find US closed in order fo do a better job of cleaning than is possible while operating.
DAD'S PfACE. So Handy
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• School Supplies
Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a Qillege Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ]. RISK 4th & Main Phona 5701
• jewelers
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dine
• Hardware
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.-—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Tailor
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor. HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
’A...!!..,
i
^ir:
‘f
1 r t 't
11