RIVETERS TO PLAY lU Baseball Team Today At Bloomington
Established 1889
x^pume4it On To Tokyo
!er
WPB ISSUES CALL For Field G^asses^ f;: See Story On Page 4
Volume 53, No. 18t
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 8, 1^2
Sprowl Voted Outstanding
Athlete By Activity Heads Enters
Forrest ‘Trosty" Sprowl, high scoring senior forward on the Boilermaker basketball squad, who graduated last Sunday, has been voted the “Outstanding Athlete of the Year” in the ahaual contest sponsored by the Exponent. Sprowl was nominated by student vote and awarded the title by the voting of the heads of jcaittipus activities and ath-
letic officials. Fredericks Was Second Giving the basketball ace a close race in student and faculty polling was Casey Fredericks, Big Ten Wrestling phampion who paced Coach Claude Keeck’s . wrestling squad to a conference title ybar. The runner-up won the 128 lb. class conference championship. Sprowl’s and Fredericks’ names will be placed on the Exponent plaque for the avhievements. Frosty Sprowl, whose home is Oblong, 111., \jvas a member of Delta Tau Delta fraternity while attending the University. He was a member of Gimlet Club and was voted “Most Valuable Player” by his team-mates two years in a row, playing'three years of varsity basketball. The award winner, who was Voted thii’d most valuable player in Big Ten basketball, also was end on the Boilermaker football squad. Ckscy Enters Marines Casey Fredericks, noted as one of the most amiable campus athletes, is from Hammond, Ihd., and entered the U. S. Marines upon graduation. The mat star went thi’bugh his entire collegiate career undefeated in dual meet competition. He was a member of Keainer
Club.
Those who also received strong support in the Exponent polling of students and faculty were Tommy Melton, co-captain of the 1941 Boilermaker football squad; John Petty, fullback on Mal-Elward’s grid squad; and Gus Boughan, 156 lb star lliveter boxer this year.
Exponent Will Hold
Glee Club (Jrace Moore Will Appear
In Music Hall Tomorrow
Waring Selects Three In Area
Singer To Open Summer
Callout
Meeting Scheduled
For May 13 In Office
Forrest Sprowl
To Meet Here Next Thursday
Over 800 To Attend Protection Conference
Exponent will hold its “fall” callout for sophomore workers on all staffs next Wednesday, May 13, at 4:15 p. m. in the Exponent office in the sub-basement of the Union. Editorial, coed, sports, business and coed business staff representatives will explain the work of their departments at the call-out. Training Schools Offered Training schools for worker.s in each of the staffs will be conducted during the week following the callout. After’ receiving practice in their duties, the new workers will be assigned to regular work schedules. Because of the new three-day- . a-wcek summer publication schedule of the Exponent,duties will be somewhat lighter than during the other semesters. New Workcr.s Eligible To Petition Sophomores starting work on the Exponent at this time will be eligible to petition for junior jobs at the December elections; this is the lust time that those desiring to jretition in December may come out. Under the present semester election system, however, any sophomore worker may elect not to petition in December but wait until April, 1943.
Upiversity To Hold Mother's Day Reception Saturday
The extensive program that the University has had for Mother’s
Upwards of 800 pci’sons rcs])onsihle for the nianagement of Indiana industries are expected to come to the University next ’J’luii’sday, May 14, for an Iiulustrial Protection Gonfercnce, plans for which have been completed, it was announced
today.
The conference, which i.s being held by tlie industi'ial lu’jdcction division of the Purdue Public .Safety Institute in cooperation with 11
Ragains Lists New Members
University Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, has been chosen as one of the semi-finalists in Group “E” of the national Fred Waring Glee Club Contest in which 150 clubs entered. Announcement of the selection of the Glee Club, along with glee clubs from Ohio University and Capital University, Columbus, 0., wa!s made last night in a broadcast over NBC at 6 p. m. From these surviving midwestern clubs, one will be announced next Tuesday night during the Waring broadcast to represent Group “E,” which includes seventeen entries from universities in Indiana, Michigan, Ohio, part of We.st Virginia and Kentucky in the finals which vvill be staged in Carnegie Hail, New York City, May 29 through June 1. The Glee Club recorded its three numbers — the r e q u i r e d, “All Through the Night,” arranged by Roy Ringwald; “Back To Old Purdue” and “The Star”—during the first week of April, when Paul Owen, one of Waririg’s featured song stylists, visited the campus to direct preparation of the recordings wliich were the basis of the decision. The eiglit regional winners will meet in the finals of the contest in Carnegie Hall in New York, where the New Yoi'k Philharmonic Orchestra has just celebrated its one hundred years of existence and where famous soloists from all over the world have played before capacity houses. The groups will compete in the two day festival which will conclude four days of entertainment featiu’cs being arranged by tlie Waring organization.
Starts New
Convocation Series At 7:30
Aero Lab
Add $75,000 Wing
Third prize in a singing contest at the Jakesboro, Tennessee, County Fair was the uninspiring send-off received by fifteen-year-old Grace Moore when she was launched on her long career of opera, concert and screen triupiphs. Miss Moore, who will sing at a convo in the Music Hall at 7:30 tomorrow night, ——— ^— was unable to create a stir df
To ME Building
Of Orchestra
Stempel Will Lecture To Journalism Class
Day has been abandoned because other state and federal dcfcn.se and of the confusion arising out of the protection agencies, is designed to
new school schedule. However, it has been decided to hold a recep-
provide information on the requirements of industrial pi’olcclion
lion and registration for tlie moth- during the emergency ami Jlo ox-
ers in thii Groat Hall of the Union tomorrow afternoon between 3:30 and 6:30. Refreshments will be served. Deans, Department Heads Invited
plain liow assistance may be obtained in the development of local
plant protection programs. Schedule Industrial Speakers The following are among the
Deans and heads of departments speakers scheduled: Frank Millis, arc invited to attend the reception Indianapolis, deputy director of the to meet and welcome the mothers. Indiana Civilian Defense Council; It is hoped that the students will Ru.s.sell Johann, Indianapolis, eduurge their mothers to register and cational director of the State Fire attend the reception. The reception Marshal’s Office; Don Stiver, In-
will I’oplacc the Mother’s Day activities that have been held on the campus in past years.
Publicity Men Travel To OSU For Conference
T. R. Johnston, {lircetor of the University Bureau of Information, and R. C. Woodworth, assisUvnt di-
dianapolis, suiicrintenrlent of the Indiana State Police; .Julius Lopez, special J''BI ageni, in cliarge of llie Indianapolis field Olfice; Lewis O. Barrows, Wasliingtoii, D. C., former governor of Maine, reiirescnting the Ollice of Civilian Defense; Capt, D. S. Leonard, commander of the Michigan Citizens Defense Corps, who last year was a niemlier of Ihe American Civil Defense Mission to England; 10. L. McMillan, South Bend; C. O. Martz, Charleston, protection supervisor
Joseph M. Ragains, conductor of the University Orchestra, announced yesterday the members of the Orchestra for the suninicr term. They arc Charles Boonstra, Dick Bornor, Jeanne Busenbark, Louis Caldarelli, Bob Cartniell, Richard Cleary, Mary Ann Click, Hubert Forbes, Don Frier, Barbara Heide, Sinclair Hoffman, Max Homfeld, David Hyde, Elmer Kern, Geneva Larimer, Louis Lchneii, Ted Leinberger, Don McCaslin, Mary Alice Meeker, Becky Morrison, Mario Pagliarulo, Kenneth Roquemore, Burton Rosen, Yale Schaovitz, Phyllis Scholl, Paul Soehausen, Frank Skinner, Hyman Smulevilz, Roberta Thoma, Julia Thompson, Norbert 'I’ieger, Irving Wade, Henry Waludand, Joe Wliistlcr and Sliirley Wileman. Don Frier is the new manager of the Orclicstia and Kcnnetli Roquemore is the new coneertrnaster.
Today At 8A. M.
rector, are attending the silver an- for the Indiana Ordnance Works;
Iota Lambda Sigma, Industrial Honorary, Announces Initiates
Prof. J. E. Stempel, head of the department of journalism at Indiana University, will serve as a special lecturi?!' and consultant on a course in technical joui'iialism to be offered dpi'ing the coming term to juniors and seniors in the University. He will deliver his, first lecture this morning at 8:00 in room 212 of University Hall. Any students interested in the course are invited to attend, and those desiring to take the course niay sign up after the .lecture. Three Hour Course The' course is a three hour elective an<l will he given at 8:00 a. m. Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, it is open to upper class men and women iii any school in the University. Prof. J. H. McKee will teach tliis course along with his other woi'k in journalism. Dr. H. L. Creek and T. R, Johnston, director of inforniatioii, will serve as special leeturers in the course along with Prof, Slempel. The course v/a,s formally approved by the executive committee Monday, May 4.
Without the usual peace-time ceremonies, first ground for the new .$76,000 addition to the Mechanical Engineering Building which will house laboratories and classrooms for the new School of Aeronautical Engineering was broken yesterday morning. The new twO-story structure will be built on the southeast coi’ner of the present building and extend south. Construction will be steel-re-enforeed concrete trimmed with Bedford stone to harmonize with the main building. Contract Awarded Jan. 21 Since the awarding of the building contract to A. E. Kemmer, local contractor, by the University Board of Tru.stees on January 21, the actual work has been held up by lack of necessary priority orders from Washington, D. C. ■ The new building will be 94 feet Itigh, 50 feet wide and two stories high, with provisions made for tvyo more floors to be added later. The ground floor will contain the aeronautical structures laboratory, in addition to all heavy equipment necessary for testing j structures. The top floor will house the aerodynamics laboratory' and classrooms which will be used principally for students enrolled in aeronautical engineering courses. Two Wind Tunnels Proposed The main floor will also house workrooms, offices, an instrument lab, and propellor lab. Two wind tunnels have been proposed for the building, a large one for experimentation and a smaller model for classroom demonstrations. A new laboratory for studying and testing airplane engines and for flight research is being completed at the University airport in order to keep the noise of the tests from disturbing classes in nearby buildings. Walter Shoar is the architect for the new building.
interest in her home town of Jellicoe until her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1029. Miss Moore’s appearanGe here tomorrow night is the first in a series of seven convocations scheduled for the summer term. Season tickets for faculty and the general public are priced at $2.00, plus tax, and are on sale at the Executive Building. Single admission tickets for tomorrow’s program are on sale there and will be available at the door for $1.00 plus tax.
Passports
Grace Moore
Personnel Men To Convene Here
Passports for the summer term are ready for distribution ahd may be obtained at the Cashier's office in the Fieldhouse beginning, at 8 a.m. today. Passports will be needed for admission to the convocation tomorrows Students planning to attend the convo Saturday should get their passports before noon Saturday, May 9.
Next Friday
W. E. Vogler Will Plan Discussion Programs
Responsibility of managernent in our all-out war effort will be the
Univesity Begins Research Work
On Hog Disease
niversary convention Of the American College Publicity lAssociation which is being held in Columbus at the invitation of Ohio State University today and tomorrow. Brickcr To Speak The high point of tlie observance will be the banquet today at which the principal .speaker will he (ioveriior John W. Bricker of Oliio. Sessions during. thi.s convention, which will be attended by publicity directors and public relation workers, will be devoted to the subject of the role of the' colleges in the war and the particular responsibilities of the publicity staff.
Clem Smith, Indianapolis, State Fire Marshal; and President E. C. Elliott, J. L, Idngo, and Cu))t. K. F.
Kline of Llie UniversiLy.
All sessions of the confereneo will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall,
Ex-Students Join Naval Air Force
Newman Club To Hold Party Tonight
Newman Club is holding a GetAcquainted party for members and
Jobii Creveling of Mt. Morris, New York, and Richard Pittengcr, 225 E. Michigan Street, Indianajioli.s, were recently sworn into the United States Navy air force in Chicago. Both will report to Glenview, Illinois, foi' preliminary training and to Jacksonville or Pensacdla, Florida, or Corpus Christi, Texas, for secondary flying instruction. As a student jn the Univei'sity, Creveling was active in the Civilian
■'all Catholic students tonight. The Pilot Training Program. Pittenger party will be held in Room 363-of was active in radio work as an anthe Union, and there will be danc- nouncer and writer during hi.s three ing from 8i80 until 11:30. years on campu.s here.
Iota Lambda Sigma, national trade indu.slriul honorary and the newest honorary on tin' campus, recenlly initialed tlie following nien: William Baker, former student of the University and now director of tlic division of vocational education at Columhiis; Russell W. Ihiie, also a foriner student of the University and now vocational director in llie Newcastle schools. More Initiates Henry Affoldcr; William 11. Wooden; Clarence E. Fauber; Cecil R. Cani; Wallace Mills, who is attending the University op a fellowship from Nebraska and Harvey G. McComb, who was given an honorary membership because of his work on the state division of National Defense Training. The honorary was organized by Russell Greenly, personnel director of Carnegie Steel Company. The University chapter. Mu, received its charter in 1940.
McClure Publishes
Heating Article
Mei-le M. McClure, district represcntativje at Muncie for the University’s war training program, is the author of an article on “Guarded, Hot Box Test of Single and Double Glaze Windows,” in the May issue of “Heating,' Piping and Air 'Conditioning” niagazihe. McClure was a member of the engineering experiment staff for 17 years. As a result of exhaustive tests in the University engineering experiment station, McClure concludes that a storm sash with two inch space between the window is no more efficient than a double glazed window with a three-eighths inch air space between the panes; however, the storm sash offers advantages in cleaning. The heat loss is about half the loss through a single pane.
Through a cooperative arrangement between the University veterinary science department and the U. .S. Bureau of Animal Inclustry, important research work on certain phases of brucellosis is now underway, according to Prof. H. J. Reed, director of the University Agricultural Experiment Station. Dr. L. M. Hutchings, who arrived here a few clays ago, i.'i in charge of certain phases of the investigation, under the direction of Dr. C. R. Sonham, chief veterinarian at the University. The new staff member is a 1937 graduate of the University of Maine, where lie majored in dairy husbandry. He received liis D.'V.M. and M.S. degrees from Michigan State College in 1940 and 1942, respectively. Wickard Requests Funds With hrucellosis growing mqre serious in recent years. Secretary of Agriculture Claude R. Wickard, a native Hoosier farmer, requested that Congress make funds,available to carry on this type of research. Similar eoopercitivc projects have been arranged with the agricultui’al experiment station in Michigan, Minnesota, and Iowa and at the U. S. D, A. Experiment Station at Beltsville, Maryland.
general theine of the personnel conference to be held on the campus next Friday and Saturday, May 15 and 16. W. E. Vogler, director of personnel in engineefiiig and science schools, is planning this meeting in cooperation with state personnel, employers and manufacturers association. . Leaders of industry in Indiana and surrounding territory will participate irl the general discussions where the answers to such practical problems as: How can women he fitted into industry? How can employees be trained more quickly? Where can qualified employees be found ? Whdt is essential in supervisor attitudes ? What is the answer to sabotage and many other questions of similar nature will be under discussion and practical solutions willbe sought. Principal speakers already listed on the program are L. A. Appley, vice-president of the Vick Chemical Co. and consultant on personnel for the secretary of war; Walter Dietz, associate director of training within industry for the U. S. Employment Security Division at Indianapolis. Russell ,.J. Greenly, acting chief of personnel for the Carncgie-Illi-nois Steel Co.; Jack Walters, former Personenl director of the University and vice-president of the Revere Copper and Brass Co.; Capt. K. E. Kline, in cliarge of plant' protection work for Indiana industries; and Prof. C. W. Beese, head of general engineering at tlie University and ' director of the engineering defense training program in the state of Indiana.
Grace Moore’s was not ,the success story of the fairy-tale variety with opportunities and triumpljk beckoning at every turn, but rathi^ the story of a lot of hard work, se^ backs and disappointments^ Sang In Music Box Revues She had to ‘sing for her siippeJ^ in the early days of her career, appearing in many^small operetta^ and musical shows in order to jay (Continued on page 4)
Concert Choir
Announces
New Members
The members of the CoiMiert Ghoir'of the University have b£en announced for the summer term by Albert P. Stewart, director.. The following have been named: sopranos, Carol Bals, Jeanne Busenbark, Wilma Palmer, Alberti Schmadel, Virginia Ulrey and Frances Vaughan; altos, Barbati Heide, Virginia McCarty, Ruth Ralston, Evelyn Shell, Lucille Sieglef and Carolyn Wood; tenors, Vei:non Bumidge, Ray Friend, Frank Hopf, A1 Hubert, Bob Keithley and Bill Morgan; basses, Richard Buffington, Glenn Earl, Paul Harrington, Richard Kohls, Joe Lautner, Lloyd Myers, Robert Myers and Bill Rothenberger. The accompanist is Arthur Jacklin. •
Friend To Manage Choir At the Musical Organizations banquet several weeks ago, Bay Friend was announced as the Concert Choir manager. He is senior in the Mechanical Engin^r,ing School and hails from 'Wesi; lyifayette. He has been connected with the department throughout his foiir years and was manager of the Xlhiversity Choir last year.
Dr. Noyes Tq Speak At AChS Meeting
C. J. Wleklinski
... former University student from Michigan City, was recently commissioned as a Second Lieutenant in the Army Air Corps at Turner Field, Albany, Georgia.
Guest of honor at the University section of the American Chemical Society dinner to be held at Lincoln Lodge next Monday cveruug, will be Dr. W. A. Noyes, Jr., chairman of tlie department of chemistry at the University of Rochester. The dinner will pi’ecede a nieeting to be held at 7:30 in room 211 of Stanley Coulter Hall, where Dr. Noyes will speak on “Organic Photochemistry.” The meeting is open to all interested persons, and reservations fox’ the dinner may be obtained by contacting Dr. F. J. Allen, of the University department of chemistry.
In addition to the Concert, Choir and old members of the Univor^i^ Choir, the following new members of Univei’sity Choir have been ailnounced: soprano, Helen French, Mary Shrout and Mary Jape Sholtz; altos,^France3 Beall, Mary Jordan, June Kuntz and Irene Shttster; tenor. Bob Keithley, H. H. Wakeland, Richard Lash and W. C. Simpson: basses, Herbert Chibworth, Max Homfeld, Everett Kqt: tie, V[^lter Kremmel, Joe Lautnqr, Lloyd Myers, Arthur Neave, Dale Ray and John Watson. Choir To Meet Ne.\t Tuesday Dick Buffington, last year's treissurer and a senior horticulture stqdeut from Toledo, Ohio, is the University, Choir manager and r^ quests that all members be preset at the first rehearsal next Tdesi^biy at 4 p. m.,.Exponent Editorial Page
i-< #.TV.':"'TfT*?i;,»■,'.-/ ^ '# I ~ '■ I Friday^ May 8^ 1942
-Sis ‘
Si.
|4
ffpr
Purdue Exponent All-American I940-'41 I ■ ' I* I..-— ^ Offices Edironai and Business, Purdue Memorial Union/ Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
lBdlhiT-!n Chief . Kew* Eaifor MtineRine Editor Banness Monoecr Clrcololinn Manager Coed Editor
John F. Amoa Doiv T Brophy John H Armstrong William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff *■ Associate Editors Editonal Staff R W Bi winkle D !• Butz W G Hoskins A P Hunter D W Oeh Itrec W 1- Rafcrt Sports Staff O Is. Brewer I S Di on E L Karpick Coed Staff Snlh Beall Chailotte Hass J iii Lauei Business Staff Coed BOsiness Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D L Johnson. Circulation Manager C H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim Staff For This Issue Night Editor Butz Bay Editor Beall Issue Editor Freiman lunior In Charge Hunter Sports Editor Brener Reporters \ otik \ltherr Fancett M non Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafay ette Indiana under the aet of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 1 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published »n Mednesdav Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum tuer semester and daily except Monday during the fall mid Winter seme<»ters Deli>ered locally 1\ earner for 51 2«) foi samoner semester moiled subscriptions $1 50 Bepre^ented for notional advertising bv National Advertis ing Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 42( Madison Ave New York N Y
Lord Bca\eibrook in a lecent speech re\ealed the inteiestmg tact that at the time of the Geiman an assault on Biitain the Biitish could boast ot a lesene an power of five lighting planes
The U h Linploymeiit Scivice undei takes 1o bring about the piopei utilization ot all loud laboi icsouiccs Effoits aie made to leci uit woikeis fiom olhei localities when theie IS not enough local laboi to meet the need
The Farm Placement Sei\ice of the U S Employment Service has been set up to help *aim operators and faim laboi tulfill the F^ood foj Victory piogram
ClUmSHMTOK I MEiW-Ed-ROIIHD
WBAA Schedules
Nazi Arithmetic Editors Note e found this little item in a four page bulletin of ne^^s coming out of Czechoslovakia in spite of Nazi occupation “German officials m occupied Czechoslovakia are knotMi for their cjnical answers to the complaints made bv the Czech population The record in cjnicism is hdld by the Nazi commissar in Plzen When the representative of the Czech population protested m the name of 97 per cent of the Czech population in the citj against elimination of Czechs from the city administration, he replied dryly Nine-ty-seven per cent of the Czech minority does not guarantee the satisfaction of the Geiman majority, three per cent strong The Germans cannot be ruled by the minority The request IS rejected ” We Note With Regret. . . Speaking m the traditional editonal way of either “viewing Avith alarm” or “observing with approv al,” we ‘ notice with regret” the growing tendency in many of the schools here to list all courses of a particular number under a single instructor m the Schedule of Classes The privilege that we have had of choosing an instructor that we thought we’d like was a sound one from a teaching point of view A man will select an instructor he believes he 11 do well under and once chosen, will try to make his decision a good one The only excuse we can see for the abolition of this pinelege is that the departments feel that then instructors are inferior or that they aie at least out of popular student favor If people hesitate paiticulailv long before signing up foi a paiticulai instructor, perhaps, he would do w ell to examine his teaching practices Our Rare Seniors ... Well, registration is o\ei and what undoubtedly one of largest junior classes m the history of the Unneisitv is legistered Seniors have become almost as rare as Dodo birds We haze heaid there are a couple m the ME school and four in the Met school and there are probably a few we haven’t heard ot yet scattered around the campus It will be interesting to see the graduating class of Decembei 42 composed of a few seniors, dozens of juniois and even a few sophomores Coffee for the Nazis Rationing has again hit the Puidue campus where it huits the most Fust it was cokes A little later it became a level teaspoon of sugar or none Then last night we were hit again We were told in the Union that we couldn’t have our second cup of coffee fiee even though we didn t dunk it with cieam or sugar It seems the coffee quota has been cut onefourth to make up for what the Nazi submarines sink on the way up from Brazil
By Drew Pearson and Roberl S. Allen Army In Hawaii Uses Jap Labor To Bolster Defenses; Government News Agencies Lack Coordination WASHINGTON, May 7—Dynamic Assistant Wai Sccictaiy John McCloy has just come back fiom an inspection tiip to Peail Haibor wheie he lepoits that it still IS absolutely essential to use Japanese laboL to help elect Hawaii’s bustling defenses Just aftei Pearl Haiboi the Wai Depaitment is sued an oidei lemoving all Japanese fiom defense work in Hawaii Howevei new commandei Gen Delos Emmons protested You ean t do that You don t know how many lathes you are stopping ’ In the end he pioved to be light The Japanese were found to be essentnl to defender work and the mdei was lescinded Japanese aie now used m digging ditehes to bieak up possible landing fields building loads and they even woik in aisenals pioducmg guns Suspieious Japanese have been picked up But it is impossible to test the loyalty of otheis Howevei to get the vital defense woik done in a huiiy the W u Depaitment IS convinced theie is no othei out than to use Jap laboi Fuithcimoic the altcinativc of depoitmg Hawaii s huge Japanese population would be a tremendous job They can t be shipped to Califoi nia And they can t be sent to a sepaiate island wheic they might estab lish a landing base foi Japanese attack So the pics ent solution is to leave them whcie they aie caie fully guarded Meanwhile Peail Haiboi is on the aleit with moie piotective devices than evei befoie in histoij Evciy houi of the day and night patiol planes scoui the iii aiound the islands No fleet eithci by sea oi an could approach Hawaii undetected • Information Bureaus Behind the Piesidents at long last announcement that he will coordinate the governments fai flung information agencies is one of the worst admmis trative messes in Washington The hodge podge h rs needed cleaning up for months Here is the roll call of rgencies whielr distiibutc news for the government OGR or Office of Government Repoits COI 01 Office of the Co Oidmatoi of Information better knows as the Donovan Committio Orr 01 Office of Facts and Eiguies The War Cen SOI ship Boaid OCIA 01 Oftiec ot the Co Oidinatoi of Intel Amei lean Affairs better known as the Rockefeller Commit
tee
The huge spiawling Pi ess Division of the OEM (Office of Emeigency Management Also the press bureaus of the War and Navy do paitments the U S Maritime Commission and piac ticallj every other independent agency in the gov ernment All these operate with little or no inter relation result a bedl ini of overlapping woikmg it cross pur poses briicauciatic jealousies bungling ind ineffi eiency o RRs Vs. Ships It hasn t been m ide headlines but a battle royal has been raging between WPB Czai Donald Nelson and lianspoitation Czar Joe E istnran ovei the Cieez mg of steel foi the eonstiuetion of lailioad cars With less and less shipping moving along the coast and more and more tiaffic by lail the question is one of the most important facing the country What happened was that the W n Pioduction Board froze all construction materials already on hand in railroad eonstiuetion hops Ihc intention was to transfei these inateriils tor use in b iilding other types of cars Howevei Jot Eastman claims that these mate i lE chief 1\ steel alieadj had been bought and cut out for certain cats in eeitain shapes so the oidci me e Iv vvill make the inateiials go unused with eai shops closing down Alicadj r istm rn rioUes ecit-rn pi rnts oi Pull man Strndiid aie die it i time whtn ill pi i ts should be used to capieitj Me nwhile rail o ids ire ^..loining with ti ifhe Su gai IS now bell g h ruled In i ill lo much is possible liom Flond r to it old sibmaiines Oil is clo „ed up in the pioducin,., fields (oi lack of iiihoid tin poitation And with the sinl in„s of stvei il Chile in ore ships nioie iron oie li is to be h ruled fiom intci 101 U S 11 on mines In view of all this E istman com|)laiiis bitterlv th it Nelson wont leltise the steel ind let the ci Ion di les do the job • Do-As-Done-By Department About toitj veais a;.,o a night tele„i iphei liom Littleton N C i rme 1 rom Moigan investid his ehiel capital—'jil 25--in a ticket to Newpoit News Vr packed his things in a poke and loined tie U S Nary At the same time his interest in niition w is aroused by leading of the hi t flight ol the Yii lit brotheis it Kittjhawl N C Last weel after lorn decades the c\ tikgirpl i liom North Caiolinr wrote a leHer to the Seeitiu^ of W 11 slating that his comprnj w inted to le ui cl ^100 000 000 to the Goveinment bee ruse it w is m il in,., too laige a pioflt on wai eontiaets During the inteiim young lorn Moigan hid served four years on the battleship Delaw iie where he met Elmer Speiij inventor ot the famous gyroscope Then an oidinaiy seaman Morgan helped to install the hist gyroscope on the Del iw aie and Speiij lik d his work o much that alter his loui jeais enlist ment teimmated Moigiii w i ofFeied r job as foie man in the Speii plant Since then he has become head ol the Sperrj Coi poiation helped organize Cuitiss Wiight and is ehaiiman of Pan Ameiican Aiiwajs But Moigin nevei lost the human touch And in these days when we aie sciutim/ing the tj pc of man power this nation his developed ii d the ! ind ot dcnroeiaey we h ivc built it i igmfie iiit th t lieix telcgiaphei and ex sailor fiom Noith ( uolini not only rose to the top but w is one ol the fu t to . b ite piofits to his eountij in tunc of tiouble Note Fiom time to time the WASHINGTON MERRY GO ROUND will attempt to gue iecu„ni tion to those who have macie signiiicant aciitie s both big and little on the home trout It you note something which we have missed send it to oiu Do as Done by Depaitment (Copjilght 1942 I y I lilted 1 c ituiL SMida itc lie)
‘Well don t stand theie'—didn’t you leant anything in youi first aid classes
University Calendar Friday, May 8
lennis Meet—Miehigrn State Collef,e 1 15 PM —C osmopolitm Club Meeting 7 oO PM—Eaim Managers
Ivroni jJl Union Room 263 Union
Saturday, May 9
Coll Meet — Indian i Univcisity Tennis Meet—Western Strtc fMichigan) Teachers C il lege I 00 PM—Indi ii r Council ol le thei'> 7 uO PM-*CONVOCAiION—Gi lee Mooic—Soprano ) 00 P M —Union Mixer
Room 2()o Union
Hall ol Music Beth B llioom Union
Student Art Guild • • •
FRIDAY 9 65 News 10 10 The Curio Man 10 15 Morning Melodies 10 30 Music 10 46 Theatre of Song 10 56 News 11 00 “Woild History Since 1914' with Prof Erank Hall 11 50 Purdue News 11 55 News 12 00 Agricultuial koium 1 ^ 30 Meet the Band 12 55 News 1 00 boLivcniis 1 3() Better Vision 1 45 Markets 1 65 News 2 00 Stoi V a D ry 2 15 Script 2 30 Mrs C W Hemmci—pianist 2 56 News 3 00 Speci rl Musical Series 3 30 Marjoiie Williamson—singer 3 4*1 Music 3 55 News 4 00 Tea lime Tunes 4 45 The pmio Man 4 55 News 5 00 Campus Roundtable 5 30 Vespers 0 45 Little Mibb Muffett 5 55 News 6 00 Dinner Hour 6 30 Sports Review 6 45 Next Week it Puidue 6 55 Nows 7 00 Lalavettc Little Theatre 7 oO Albeita Schmadtl—singer 7 45 vlusie 7 55 News 8 00 PI roium 8 30 Russ GeJelnit/—pnnist 8 15 L cntide Echoes 9 00 Music ina 9 56 News 10 05 Oft the All 1 W6st Side Hi,„h School 2 Jcffeibon High School 0 Puidue Womens Club 1 Lrfiyette Muoie Soeietv Dr. Steer Leaves For Duty in Navy Di M D Steel diiectoi of the University Speech Clinic rnd pro ie Ol t i speech his left the erm pus to lepoit to Pensieolr 1 loiida for duty in the Nc \ y Di ‘'teei vvhr li is i lieutcninls ccmmi 1 n m the \ rvv his been as igiied tpc psy cholc gie rl woik which Vv^ill /cl b rl U 1 L in the n rti i e ofieseiic/i unite tinj pioblem Steel I |.eLi e ne tcis rnl PiD (It uc fu n the Unneisd cl Ir\ i u i h w on the ‘^jceer C linie st ift thei e i mu ibci of yens Ltlc e toi nil to the Unneisity He 1 IS leei e! u ni in ol the Com iitice on Dclen e f the Nr tional Sieech Co leetion Vs oti i tion J 11 the iia t \tai ncl has eon dieted esoueh i the fiel i oi speeth patholo.,y
Subsciibe loToui iinpiis I) ih
M. E. MOREHOUSE
DAIRY
QUALITY A’’ILK Phone 56214 ^l|||||||lllllllllllll!lll>lllllllllllllllllllllll„l >11 I Dr. A. M. Irion | I —DENTIST— I = 119*72 Northwestern Ave = I Phone 4965 i ^lllllllllilllllllllllllllllllllilllllfllllllllllllllllillllllllll,-
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 401 Schultz Bldg 4th and Ma n St Lafayette
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT
A jbuman cargo of spies breaks loose!
MAm
Promotion Committee of the Student Art Guild shown from left to right above includes Dons Muth Martheunice McHaf fie Ann McKinn ss Don Stout and not pictured here Will Hazard Eileen Peifenburgh and Milton Reisman During the past year they have acted as a coord nating and publicity com mittee for the Guild making posters for Guild exhibits tea dances Little Movie Convos and other activities To assist the Student War Council they have also made pcsTcrs promoting the :Dale of Defense Sta nps Members of tnis committee acted as ushers at art exhibits and special 1x10710 show ngs and arranged the lectures on scu p turc and mod'°rn /m°rican pa nt ng given b) Dr Alma Long and Prof Lauient a Sehantz Hansen respeet vely
uamgffi TODAY SATUJ .utUSTEms
SATURDAY 9 66 News 10 10 The Cut 10 Man 10 16 Morning Melodics 10 30 Music 10 46 Theatre of Song 10 56 News 11 00 Just Kids 11 16 Music 11 66 News 12 00 Woman Shopper 12 16 Meet the Band 12 15 Markets 12 55 News 1 00 Radro Stage 1 30 WBAA Barn Dance 1 66 News 2 00 The Stamp Club 2 15 Script 2 30 Musical Albums 2 56 News 3 00 The Aimy Speaks 3 15 Afternoon Melodies 3 30 Tea Time Tunes u 65 News 4 00 Tea Time Tunes 4 30 WPA Program 4 15 The Curio Man 4 55 News 5 00 Just Relax 5 30 Go To Church Sunday 5 46 Little Miss Mulfett 5 55 News , (1 00 Dinner Hour 6 oO Sports Review G 45 Weights and Measures ^ (1 55 Nows 7 00 Music 7 1 5 Home Defense 7 oO Paiade of Business 7 45 Musie 7 55 News 8 00 Musie 8 15 Dave H ill—pi mist 8 0 ft cm the PiCoS Box with Stew Wolle 8 45 Lveivtide Eehoes 8 55 News 9 00 Union Mixe Band 9 to Musie 9 55 News 10 On Oft the An Course In Econ Open To St'udenf's 'Vny students interested in tak ing Leo lomies 120 should meet in loom 116 of the Recitation Build ing tod IV it 4 pm This eouise in economic iiul liuinan geogiaphy is lecjmcl Ici i te rebel s license Six inoK tudei Is ire needed to obtain the quot i lueess riy foi teaching the eoui e
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Uiiiverssly Book Store
LEARN TO DANCE SUMMER CLASS OPENS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Thui-s , May 21,7:30 P. M Wiitz Slow ind Fasi Fox-Trot Reduced Rates 8 Lessons $5 00 ENROLL NOW P M Allen Nationally Known Instructor Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & I erry
TODAY TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
with CONSTANCE BENNETT JEFFREY LYNN — Plus — A Woman of Mystery and Menace*
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11-00 P M WALT DISNEY S FANTASIAinH /A-
"■■ - 8,: 1942 -■ ' Boilermaker [Sports ; ‘ .
Biilirmiker Cmdgfmiti Milt Illinois TlWri# S^uad Loses Edwards, Conant, Keim, McEachern, Others To Defense Posts With several of his best men lost to the armed services and defense industries, Coach Herman Phillips will take the Riv-eter-'track squad to Champaign Saturday morning for a meet with the mini at 2 p.m. Due to the loss of Joe Edwards, pole valuter who cleared 13 feet, 3V2 inches last Saturday, Lloyd McEachern, high jumper; — 1 —
Woodbury Appleton, and Charles Duesler, distance men; John COnant, hurdler, and Bob Keim, ranking dash man, the Boilermakers point-scoring possibilities
, have been considerably reduced. Probable^' Lineup Indefinite The traveling list for the meet
this weekend is not definite as yet, but it is probable that Bancker will start for the Riveters in the 100 and
220..- yd. dashes. Burt Anthony, campus will meet next Monday
'^7
To Outline Sommer Intramural Ajctivity Athletic managers and representatives from the 35 fraternities on
Boilermaker captain, may run in the 220 and 440 with Arnold and Archer. Jentz and; Kemp will see double duty in the mile and half mile along with Kinder who will be in the mile and .2 mile runs. On the high and low hurdles for Coach
afternoon in the Fieldhouse to formulate plans for the intramural program proposed for the summer
semester.
Chief M. L. Clevett, director of intramural activities, will map out summer plans to the organized
Phillips will be Barnes and Kron. team leaders and a general discusDodge will join them in the lows, sion will be held on additions of In the field events Calhoun will extra sports to the present I-M settake over the discus and shot, ’•'P- Ward chairmen will meet later. Grimm will try and fill Joe Edwards Sports Interest Increases shoes at the pole vault, and Dodge This summer.it is expected that will be in both the high jump and interest will be increased in golf broad jump for the Boilermakers, and tennis over past years, with mini Has Strong Team swimming activities also increasThis year's Illinois squad will hi} ing. At pi'esent the Fieldhouse pool no pushover, according to Assist- open to male students on week ant Coach Homer Allen, being well days from 10 a.m. to 12 noon, 2 fortified in the hurdles *and field 11115:30 p.m., and 7 p.m. till events. The powerful Michigan 8:30 p.m. The swimming schedule team defeated them by only a small "'dl be revised June 1 to permit margin of points. Runners Olsen, mixed night swimming during the Lewis, Rehberg, Sieb, Dunn and hot months. 'quarter miler Kelley of the Illini, will probably be six causes for wor- ^rSIr ry next Saturday, as far as the LOOO PiiilirCI I “Sill
Boilermakers are concerned. In addition to the loss of Edwards, McEachern and others, the status of Anthony and Kron is decidedly indefinite. Anthony left the campu.s last Monday to start work in a defense industry, while Kron, who .is scheduled to report to the Navy May 18 has gone to his home in New Albany. Both are hopeful, however, that' they will be able to remain in shape and at least be able
; to compete in the Big Ten meet.
GOOD
PRINTING
at
PAINLESS PRICES
More Sfyle
tor Less Money
Kane's
Print Shop
401 S. 29th St.
Phone 5205
To Compete In Contest Results of . the coed billiard contest held last night in the billiard room of the Union are as follows: Betty Hutchins 97, Ruth Frier 79, Jeanette Haynes 62, Caryl Blade 58 and Ruth Walker 30. This is a total of 320. This total has been sent by air mail to Cornell where tHe results frdin between 50 and 60 schools will be compiled and the winner of the contest announced. This is the first tournament of its kind hel4 here at the University and according to Frank E. Whitney, manager of the billiard room and referee for the contest, the coeds showed a lot of enthusiasm.
• Football Managers Elected ... Pete Jackson, Phi Gam, and Hank Taylor, Sigma Chi, were named new junior football managers for. the 1942 season . .. with Bill Jones, Phi Delt, selected as alternate . . . congratulations boys ... Dave Sayles and Wirt Farley, already selected, will continue as senior managers . . . and named to sophomore managerships . . . v^here all the work lies . . . were Dick Butsch, Bill and Gordon Hazard, Don Bowman, Bill .Bishop, Joe Stiver, Joe Rudolf, Stan Bair, and Rocky Bornstein ... a hard year • • • • . ® High Junipers—Sky The Limit ^ . .. too many people have been talking of the feats of superman Dwight Eddleman, the high school high jumper from Centralia, 111., lately . . . of course Eddleman, who will enter college in the fall, has jumped 6 feet, 6 inches, dining his high school career . . . but down at Indiana the Hoosiers are getting another jumper ready . . .,Ernest Vogel, 175 pound I. U. freshman, broke the University’s record when he jumped 6 feet, 4% incjies at the A.A.U. meet here, and under the. guidance of Coach E. C. Hayes, it is whispered he will go higher ... t • Conference Track Teams Seek Honors ... Ohio State, Big.Ten indoor track champs, and Michigan will meet tomorrow at Columbus in the year’s outstanding dual meet—a possible preview of the championship contention in the Conference meet at Northwestern, May 16-16 . . . • Bucks, Wolverines Have Power . . . five of the year’s-top performers are from these two teams ... Capt. Ralph Hammond, has led the Buckeyes with an impressive :09.6 for the 100-yd. dash, and the O. S. U. mile relay team set a 3:15.3 winning time at the Drake Relays . . . Georgie Hoeflinger has the indoor high jump mark for the Ohio State squad at 6 feet AV2 inches . . . Bob Wi'ight, Ohio’s national collegiate hurdles champ, is still running . . . and fast, too ... • . . . And Plenty Of It . . . Michigan’s top man is Bob Ufer, who set the American indoor record of ;48.1 for the quarter mile and had done :48.6 Outside—but duplicated by Russell Owen, O. S. U. soph . . . Ufer also came forward last week with the best 220 of the season, :21.3 against a stiff breeze . . . • Diamond Leaders Getting Worried ... tui’2iing pitcher practically overnight Ed Scheiwe, new htirler for Wisconsin who helped to start the Badgers’ conference campaign off with two victories, will probably face Iowa in the deciding game in Big Ten leadership so far this season . ■ • Iowa is perched at the driver’s seat with seven wins in eight games, and is hoping for a split, rain-out, or double win today and tomorrow at Madison ... ’ • Look At These Averages! ) . . . Dick Hein, Iowa hurler, has been credited with four straight wins, but Art Malcy, Ohio State, pitcher, tops the Conference batters with an avei age of .750 in two games. Other batting potentials are John Kasper, Wisconsin, with .625; and another Badger, Bob Englebretson, with .571. Hein, and Bob Faber, another Hawkeye, have hit .545 and .638 . . . Wisconsin’s two game average of .297 barely tops Iowa’s .mark of .291 . . . oh, for some Boilermaker standings like that . . . D.E.B.
Ldcker Notice
P^^icb Will Hurl Seriest^p^Mr At Bloomington This AftPni^n
> . ■ ,. \j ill
Hoping to improve their present Conference At^ndinji
Fieldhouse Lockers musit be renewed by tomorrow afteanoon at 6 p. m. at the Intramurjal checkout window or locker dejposits will
be forfeited and articles (Vill be ob- • j. 1 j. t 1 - . ^ r
tainable only by presentation of won against four losses, Dutch FehringTs Rweter ^.^-
key at check-out windovv. ball squad will leave for Bloomington this morning Where Cp:,EVETT will meet the Hoosier outfit in a two game ^ries,with the first
clash starting at 4 this aft^noon. The second game wiH be
run olf tomorrow.
Big Paul Petrich, sophomore hurler who has come out on top in three of his five starts this season, will take the .mound for the Riveters this aft-
Golf Squicl Plays
Coach Harry Allspaw’s golf tealm will try for their second win in six starts by playing host to Indiana, tomorrow afternoon on the West Lafayette Country Club’s links. Previous to this match the Boilermakers have been able to beat only Detroit, while . losing to Notre Dame, Northwestern, Ohio State and Michigan. Besides the woes of lack: of ma-
terial, Coach Allspaw must now find two men to take Dave Dittmer’s and George Dahl’s places on the squad. Both of these men were seniors and upon graduation, Dittraer was called into the Navy and Dahl has been put to work in defense industry. The Boilermaker team will probably be made up of Roger Schutt, Turner Curran, Wade Knipp, and Doug, McDaniel. Others who might take part are Fred Kroft, Charles Abernethy and Charles Ainsworth. The Indiana team will face the Riveter team with one of the stronger teams in the conference.
Many Athletes L^ave Campus For War
Losses Deplete Spring
Boilermaker Squads
^ , • j ernobn. In his last time out againat Shortening of t he spring University semester and the plac- Ohio State last Friday, Paul field ing of the University on a war-time schedule has left the Boil- .the Buckeyes to one lone run until ermaker spring imports coaches in a real hole, as far as the man when he weakened power available/for the remainder of the season is concerned, gcote^^^”^^^ mvaders to’tie the Each one,of the four spring sports squads has lost key men Fehring Makes Changes either to the nation’s armed forces or to defense industries. For this all-Indiana series sevand with furtHer calls expect- ■ eral major changes in the Boilered, most of th(i coaches are op- d ' maker lineup will be made. Against eratinff on a dav-to-dav hacsis track squad are Joe Ed- left handed pitching Fehring wilt erating on a day-to-day basis who cleared 13 feet, 3replace Carl Hipp, s<ruthpaw right' With available personnel. inches m the pole vault last Satur- fielder with Walt Leifheit, Riveter Fehring Loses Heavily day; Lloyd McEachern, high jump- moundsman who bats from the othCoach Dutch Fehring’s baseball er; Woody Appleton and Chai'les er side of the plate. In his four squad, only halfway through its Big Duesler, distance men, John Conant, games against Big Ten onnonenta T™ schedule, 3s headed for the: In- hurdler, and,Bob Keim, ranking Lit h.f hit the baU for . SM diana series nnnus the services of dash man.. - . . average—highest among the BoilGeorge Burgjhardt, regular first Lucht, Tennis Star, Leaves ermaker players, baseman called to the army. The Commencement also has brought ' With the induction of George status of sepJors Rarry MePerren to a close the collegiate competitive Burghard^ consistent, fast fielding and Ernie Young, infielders, is un- careers of Ray Lucht, captain and first baseman, into the Army today, certain, and Chuck Rawles, Jim number-one player on Coach Larry Fehring will be confronted with Shoemaker, infielders; and Woody'LaBree’s 1942 tennis feam, as .well filling this vital spot which has been Walton and Frank Freiherr, catch- as George Dahl and Dave Dittmer one of the main highlights of the er and pitcher, are liable to , drop of the golf squad. Dittmer has been Riveter play to date, from the team. called to duty in the Navy, while Berto May Start Men ab.-eady lost to the all-out' Lucht and Dahl are both employed If a right hander starts on the war effart from Coach Hermon in defense work. ,,ound fofthe Hooriers/^L/B^^^ - - ■ to will get the call at the initial
sack. Against southpaw hurling, either Young or Charlie Wright, a much improved sophomore, will get the nod. If Ernie starts, <phuck Rawls, major letterman from last year, will take over Young’s third
base spot.
With a record of four wins and three losses, the Riveter The series today and tomorrow tenuis squad will strive for two more victories over Michigan will mark the last appearances of State and Western Michigan College, respectively today and McFerren and Duffy Friend, tomorrow in the Fieldhouse. In both meets, the Boilermakers re™.'o:l‘thrElv2r « Will be the decided underdogs. ^ when he. starts to work for the GovBoth Michigan State and Western Michigan stress tennis ernment next week. Friend, fleet, as a major sport and thus have better than average teams. sophomore left fielder, Michigan State has had a fair - this last month’s play
lop^a defense job in the east. . f'^In all 4)i:ebabflity-'John Logan, hnrd. yjorking Hoosier hurler, will start on the mound for Indiana in the series opener this afternoon. Logan has been the only consistent winner for the Indiana club all- sear-
Tennis Squad Faces Michigan Teams Here This Week-End
season so far while the Western Michigan squad has had a very successful season thus far. Last week Northwestern beat Western but the matches were much closer than the score indicated. The
score was 6 to 1.
Russell Is Outstanding Player
more tennis material.
Other members of this team are Stuckeit, Campbell, Gensichen, Warren, and Hale. Against this array of material Coach LaBree will only be able to match four men. Since the loss of Captain Ray Lucht Two Hoosier players who will - bear watching in this series are
EDGERTON HDWE./INC. HARDWARE—PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDTRS FOR RENT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Degrees Cooler!
Arrow sunimcr sliirls arc as cool as a peach basket. The sturdy lightweight fal.)rie used in these shirts, with its millions of tiny windows, keeps yonr torso cool and airy. Miloga-cut and Sanforized labeled (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). Get your favorite pastel patterns today in all collar models.
Ton know iKe 8if6Sry*'i>f Axis **dictatorsliip’’-—the lesson is there for all to read: Schools and colleges closed—or turned into breeding grounds for lies and hate.
Arroiv Ties to harmonize!
Gel Your Style Right Shirts
ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
by graduation. Wells, Dudzinski,
The outstanding player for the Stettner and Arinstrong will make
Western team is Russell. In a match up a four man team for the Boil- White and Everett Stretch with Greenberg of Northwestern, ermakers. Wells and Dudzinski will Hoffman. White, a,n all-around who is rated among the top tennis play one doubles team, while Stett- performer who will also lead players of the Conference, Russell ner and Armstrong will make up the Indiana grid squad next fall, fought hard before the Wildcat star the other combination. diawn seveial Big League beat him, 8-6. Though Western Because of the unfavorable wea- scouts to th^ Bloomington instituMichigan is a much smaller school ther conditions the past week, both Hon this spring. Hoffman is a true than the Riveter domain, they have meets will have to be played off in slogger, having several extra base
the Fieldhouse courts. Two courts thus
have' been set up inside for Coach LaBrec’s charges. The match today will probably start at 2 p.m., and the one toanorrow will get under
Avay sometime after noon.
Lieut. C. G.Geltz
Billiards Champion To Hold Exhibition Wanda Natalie, 20 year old winner of the National Junior Pocket Billiards Championship, will demonstrate match and fancy shooting
. . . of the University forestry at an exhibition to be held at L- E. department, on leave for duty with Lester’s at: 321 State St. at 9 totho army and now stationed at Ft. morrow night; ■ Thomas, Ky., returned there Wed- Miss Natalie’s rise to the ranks nesday nig-ht after-a week’s: fur- of expert billiard artists began lough. He came home for the grad- when she wen the National junior uation of his daughter, Jane trophy at Galveston, Tex., in 1936. L. Julin, who completed the home Since then she has participated in economics course this year at the numerous tournaments and exhibiUniversity. • tion tours. •
Freedom of speech—twrhofenf Freedom to bhoose your friends—verhotenl . All you need to learn is to obey!** Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us—-on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your pagt, as a . college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gim today, but you can help today to give our soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory. - Put yonr dimes and dollars into fighting uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—^because you are not asked to give your money, but to lend it. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents. Start buying today—and keep it up! Save , . , and Save America th U. S. Savings BONDS ★STAMPS
O^prpnjQ Crf am, keeps Arthur Murray^ clancers "Sweet^^ in a close-up Whether the music’s sweet or swing,you'vegottpbe“sweet.” 1^ Use Odorono Cream—choice of Arthur Murray dancers. Non-greasy,-non-gritty—gentle Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days! Get a jar and hold that partner —spellboimd! 10?!, 39p, 59)isizes (plus tax). yp-THE Odorono Co., Inc. New'VoRK, N.Y.
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY I FULL OZ. JAR-ONLY 39t! (Nu* las)
>sm» H:
J#' ^ ■4 '
' ' ’ ■ i ■* ' ' 1 j| Nr''''tI->*''' <’‘i i ' I ' ' ii'“ >:' ■■ >‘‘ , ' 't -’ ,'’ 1 1-* (,‘i I"'' 1 f V) ,^ t(!
aulB. ,» ' aM ‘ . ,. , ■ . . _ _ f ' ' ^ ^ ‘ ! in "X ' . “• '
Purdue Exponent
Friday, Mays, 1942
War Production Board Issues Call
For Binoculars To Aid U. S. Navy
The War Production Boaid todAy issued a call for piivately owned binoculai s which meet Naval specifications to be tuined ovei to the United State's Navy for the duration of the war. Acting: as the Navy’s ajrcnt, the Contract Distiibution Branch of the WPB is urging all patnolic citizens with such glasses to nnniedintely tag them w’lth name and address, pack them carefullv and tuin them in at the nearest WPB office for forwarding to the Navy. Navy Will Pa.v §1 Because the Navy is not authoiized to accept gifts oi fiee loans the binoculars furnished by the public and accepted by the Naw will be purchased for $1. If they aic still in use at the end of ho'^tilitiev, the Navy will return the in^ti uments to the former owmei s. and the .$1 pui - chase fee will constitute the lental and depreciation cliaige^ Two main sizes ot binotulai-', (! X 30 and 7 x 50, meet Naw lequirements and only these insti unients will be accejited As it IS not piacticablo to stock
spaie paitb for numerous types of binoculars oi to have available pei - sonnel sufficiently expeit to keep a laige vaiicty of glasses in piecise colliniation, only Zeiss or Bausch & Lamb pioducts will be accepted. Six power binoculais aie used foi sighting ships and laige obiects at Intel mediate or long distances and tor sighting tlose-by smallei objects. These binoculai s aie used foi most navigational pui poses. Uses Of 7 \ 50 Binoculars For sighting small objects such as airciaft at intei mediate to gieat distances, toi distinguishing ships at extieme distances, and foi night use when extia light-gathering qualities of laige objective lenses aie neccssdiy, 7 x 50 binoculais have been found most suitable. Toys, loignetts, mothei-of-pcai 1 ojieia glasses and otliei aitides of this natuie aic useless foi naval juii poses A binoculai of less than SIX powei IS ol small value. Binoculais meeting Navy lequiiements should be caiefully
jiacked and shipped to the Nayal Obseivatoiy, Washington, D. C. An identification tag, beaiing the name and address ol the sender, should be secuiely fastened to each instrument. Uuiing the fiist Woild War, in response to a direct appeal for private owners to furnish “Eyes for the Navy,” 61,217 instruments were leceived hnd 31,000 were accepted lor naval use. Assistant Secretary of the Navy Franklin C. Roosevelt signed the letters ol acknowledgement and thanks. Permanent records followed the glasses when they were sent afloat, with iigid instiuctioiis as to care of the glasses. Upon the signing of the armistice, orders were issued for the letuin of the “eyes” to the Naval Obseiavtoiy. They weie returned to their original owners, to*gether with an engraved “Eye of the Navy” certificate expressing the appieciation of the Navy. Of the 51,217 glasses received, only one jiaii was reported lost by the owner.
Grace Moore (Continued from page 1) boaid and a few singing lessons on the side. The opoiettas led to toji roles in two ol Irving Beilinas Music Box Revues, in which she sang songs he composed especiall> foi hei. At sixteen. Miss Mooie says, she thought she knew eveivthing theie was to know about singing, but the v\ell-known Maij Garden sat down and told hei that she would nevei be an artist if she didn’t buckle dowm and learn routine—that she would lo.se her voice if she continued singing as she was Begins Scale Practice So after a pi olonged session with a voice specialist. Miss Mooie, unable.,to do''any singing at all, decided to take the pains to piactice scales and aipcggios necessary to improve and stiengthen hci voice sufficientlv to handle the difficult singing engagements to come Turned down tw'ice m her auditions foi the Metiopolitaii Opera, she v\as finally accepted when the diiectois of the Metropolitan heard her in Milan, Itah, and sent her home to maki' hei debut in lb2fi Mins Decoiations .She has lecenth letuincd fiom a 50,000 mile torn of Latin Aniciica wlicic she i eceived the ultimate in piaise and welcome. She was dec mated with the Ordei of Carlos dc f C'-pedes in Cuba, the Oidei ot Columbus m the Dominican Republic, the Oidei of Southein Cross m Biazd and the Older of Aztec Eagle m Blexico Some of h( 1 inoie outstanding roles 111 opeia have been Mimi in “La Bobeine”; Manon and Maiguerite in “Fausf; .Juliet, Louise and Fioia in “L’Amoie de’ tie le" and Tosca and Ncdda in “Paggliacci ”
C/V/7 Service Board Announces Need For Stenographers Registiation of the nation’s man jiowei has cieated luither need foi stenogiajihei s in Washington, the local Boaid ol Civil Service Examineis has announced The volume of woik leciuiied to handle clerical details involved in the maishalmg ol man jipwei loi the nation’s wai effort demands the SCI vices ol qualified woikers v\ho may become neresaiv along these lines as soldieis, sailois, ,ind maiincs ,iie to active dutv in the aimed services In addition to .-eivmg then govtinmenl, woikcis obtain an education m national atians that only the nation’s capitol can offei Detailed mfoimalion eonceiiimg tile jobs and liousing laeildies in Maslimgton w'lll be given to ajipli\ants at the U Civil .Seivicc Examinei’s ofTn e m the I,aJd\ctte Post Ofiicc Building
Book Exchange Starts Payments Tomorrow; Receiving To Continue starting tomorrow' at 10 a m the Student Book Exchange will begin pa-vments on books sold. Receipts aie necessary m oidei to obtain the money All books and money must be claimed by Wednesday, May 20, 01 they will become the propeity of the Exchange The Exchange will continue to leccive until next Tuesday and will sell until Fiidav Ajiplied Mechanics, Mechanical and Electiical Engineciiiig and all technical books aic 111 g'eat demaiu' Books obtained b\ nnslake must be ictuiiud by tomonow
Fleetwings, Inc., Bristol, Pa. — Wants August and December Mechanical and Aeronautical Engi-* neers. Also, men for summer work. Date of visit: Wednesday, May 13. Sign in Personnel Office by 4 p.m. Tuesday, May 12. Illinois Tool & Research Engineers, Chicago, 111. M.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Tuesday, May
11.
Cramp Shipbuilding Co., Philadelphia, Pa. M.E., E.E., and Ch.E. August and December graduates. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, May 13. Cutler-Hammer, Inc., Chicago, 111. August and December M.E. and E.E. Also, juniors for summer work. Coming Tuesday, May 12. Sign in Personnel Office immediately. All inteivicws will be held in 116 E.E. bldg. U. S. Navy Yard, New York, N Y. E.E. August giads. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, May 14. Seniors Must Sign For Debris Pictures Due to changes in the University rating it will be necessary for all students who expect to graduate in either August oi Decembei, 1942, to register outside therein is office fiom 4 to 5:30 in the atteinoon during the week of May 11 to 16. Those who do not registei will not be included in the senioi section of the Decembei Debus, accoidmg to an announceipeiit fiom the Debus office.
Everything for a CAtUege Education DEAC’S
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS!
THE SNAP SHOT SEASON IS HERE Bring in your camera for a FREE Cleaning and Check-Up.
And by the way—wo still have a fairly complete line of NEW KODAKS. FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP Opposite Purdue Union Building
“uoy IS wiLLiir urn SKETCifs
Irene, famous designer for film jblais, sketched ihe tostuincs shown heie, a few ot the manj .she designed foi Marfeiie Dietrich foi (o|unibia’h “The Lad> Is S\ illiivg.’’ With JVlish Dietrich are her costar, Fred MacIVluiraj, and Wonder Baby Corej.
'f'he wool housecoat, leff, is disfinc(ne and unusual with ifs liufton detail f 10111 neck to hem. f’lte baevk is intiicatelv cuf to give width across the shoiildeis. The lounging pajamas, cenlei, aie ol black velvet. The jacket has a lupped-m waist, pafeh pockets and a cascade ot white chiflon at the neck and lutls While bugle heads make (he lavish evening gown above. Note the new dolman sleeves.
At Maxwell Field According to word received fiom Maxwell Field, sevcial foimer Univeisity students are now in the air crew training .school located at Montgomeiy, Ala. These men aie Cadets ll. T. Atchison, R. G. Bostwick, J. H. Blown, D. M. Cobbs, J. T. EickholF, W. S. Hough, R. W. Iluse, J. H. Jackie, A. S. Liehteiiherg, E. L. Roman, 11. D. Roth, F. E. Thomas, R. W. Tliornbuig, and
R. E. Umbaugh.
These cadets will complete Lheii pre-flight couise within the next few weeks and will then be sent to one of the several piimary flying schooks located in the Southeast Aii Coips Tiaining Center for the first phase of their pilot tunning. Kalman L. Pell
. . . ME ’38, left via Pan-Amer-ican Clippci and Ai my bombei' for ntigua, Biitish West Indies, heie he is employed as master mechanic and maintenance superintendent by the S. J Gioves and Sons Constiuction Company, aecoidmg to word just received by the Pill due Alumni Association. The comiiany is building the U. S Air Base on the island, one of the bases protecting the Panama Canal Ai ea.
Mothers' Program To Feature Soloists Mary Louise Reppert, pianist, and Maijorie WiUiam&on, sopiano, will present a Mother’s Day piogiam in the Music Room of the Unton next Sunday at 4 p.m. Piano S0I0.S will include Chopin’s Scherzo Opus 31, Beethoven’s Sonata No. 3, and others. Miss Williamson, accompanied by Joanne Lloyd will include on her program Giiffif’s “B.y A Lonely Forest Pathway,” Scott’s “The Winds In The South,” Gershwin’s “Summer Time”
and otheis.
Cosmopolitan Clubs First reBUlar inp will b<i held in room 804 of the Union nt 4 16 today Any stiidont interested in joininB, please attend. i —LAU
Notices
Acrontodclcrs, Important meetiiipf Mav tU in room 80 RefrosTirnonH will br acrvctl to fviwono. All pro'^v>cctivo mrmhrrs 'wclcoim (omc one como all (7 JO) AI! SHcinl (hairmen: riraso submit requests foi (lances oi social functions for this MnK’stci to me in the. Union oTTkc oi at (hr West Dtsic Urqutsts must be in bv 1 iiday noou Pltase coopt rale
- DEUS'lER
Pi 'Inn SiRnia: Apiil imtiaUs - Mt mlx'rshi]) tards now availalilo at Mam OTTik, ME buildmir ^ —KINNEY S ( A Hoard, Impoitant mcttmir 'lueii(iay M«iy 12 at 7 ^0 j) m in the S C A itjom PItast ti\ to attend the nuttmj? Ih(uusc no at Lion can be tnltcn utilc''S atttnduicc IS satisfulmv MOGAUERO Alpha Zcln; Impoil.int mcctinfi: Tuesday, May 12 m Room Ulo of tlu Union
DiESSf.IN
liidicinl Hoard Members Mcttirir at 4 ) iidav in AWS olTict IIARHISON
Purdue Players: Petitions for cred^ heAds foi cominf? summer production are dud at
the pluyahop oiTice Wednesday, Reamers: Meeting Monday,
room 304 in the Union —KNOIE Purdue Unfrinecr SlalT: All staff members and workers, both business and editorial, be present at meeting in the office on Monday, May 11, at 4 p m, ^
—YOUNGBLOOD ^
All Students: Any students interested In taking Economics 120. Economic artd Human Geography, a lenuirod course for teaep<ia license, Social Studies, Option 1, meet in Recitation Building, Room 116, May 8. 4 p m --ESTEY Exponent Coeds: Mteting of all coeds on busiiKss staff of Exponent nt 4 p.m on Pri* day, May 8, in business office Be there.
—martin
Purchasers of Debris: 'Ihose who have n9t rect ivcd their copies of tlic 1942 Debris ipust honeeforth lepoit to Mr Hodden's office Ifi the Ex(cutive Building to receive their copies We warned you —ADAMS Debris: All sophomore business workers repoit 'fues(iav, May 12, at 4 pm. Important meeting, —MCLAUGHLIN Frafcrnity Presidents: Council meeting next lucbday at the Phi Kappa Psi hemsd at 6 pm —RIDER
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machinds, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Ebershoff, 606 Main»
Lafayette Phone 2779
Double room for men, iieai campus And villagt l\Mti beds Phone 6l0o2 Lost: Black aviation wallet, containing pilot’s lu'cnse identiBcutlon. Reward.
Gioige Shrover 2J90
Lost Buxton Billfold, brown, contents \,iIuibU to ouiur Iiljcrnl reward Hubert,
Phone 8144 Signiu Nu
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS!
America must be firsl-^em llie fields of bailie, on the sea, and in the air. For those of ns who are still al lionie, wJielbcr we are serving on defense projeels or not, oar job is to share in our
government.
LET’S STAMP OUT THE AXIS! ir -k BLY U. S. DEFENSE DOMDS iiiiil STAMPS kkkkkkk-kkk-kkkk