-1',./. ‘' - r‘..,'
^s—
A it , i' «««?'’
t ,-
»kr‘M'<‘' >‘';. \;v
!,
Purdue z-ils ^
Volume 5L No. 83
Exponent
Friday, Jcmuory 5, 1940
Ag Conference To Attract W.F. ^ _ Get Cola Reception - 10^000 Tillers' Monday As Mercury Drops
At eight o’clock Monday morning registration desks in the great hall of the Union will open to accommodate from eight to ten thousand agricultural enthusiasts'from all over the state as they register for the 38th annual State Agricultural Conference to be held there January 8 to 13. Kegistration will continue throughout the morning, and at 1:16 the first meeting of the conference will be held in Fowler Hall. Here President Elliott and Dr. Lillian Gilbreth will welcome the conferees to the campus. Twenty-two state agriculture and , iiin'' m home economic associations will hold meetings during the week. Last year nearly nine thousand persons were in attendance during the course of the week. Thirteen banquets and thirteen luncheons are scheduled to be held during the conference. At one time during the week eleven meetings will be held simultaneously.
&tCo/JRecep.io,, Club, Dies In East
Rooms are needed for the several thousand Indiana farm folks who will be here next week, January 8 to 13, for the Agricultural Conference. Those who have rooms to rent for this period are asked- to list them at once with Dean Fisher’s office, phone 3001. II 11—— I "i In general the program will follow this plan: in early afternoons during the week general sessions of interest to all attendants will be held; morning and late afternoon sessions will be tak«n up by special departmental meetings; evenings will be devoted to entertainment. In order to avoid congestion with the student body that ^as occurred in, the past, with the eight or ten thousand additional persons on the . campus, morning conference classes will be dismissed at 11 Vclock. Conferees will be through their lunch hour before the students have theirs. Afternoon programs will begin at 12:30 to avoid congestion at this hour. New portions of the Union will be made available next week to help facilitate handling of the crowds. The combined ballrooms will be opened for large meetings and exhibits, and a new dining room will be opened. This opening of parts of the addition will not be official, a formal opening scheduled for later this year. H. M. Vallely, Union manager now in Florida, could not be reached for a statement as to the date of the actual opening. Dr. Wagner, Physics Staff Member, Dies Dr. Frederick Wagner, member of the University physics staff, died in Home Hospital yesterday morning at 6:46 a. m. after several weeks of illness. Wagner, born in Germany, came to the University three and a half years ago after holding positions at " Westinghouse Electric Company, and the Hays Corporation of Michigan City. Specializing in the field of glass-blowing, he had formerly held a professorship in that subject at the University of Pittsburgh. A member of the Masonic lodge, and St. James Episcopal Church of New York City, Dr. Wagner resided on the north river road, and leaves his widow, Mrs. Rose Wagner, a daughter, Betty, and two sisters, Mrs. Laura Beyer, New York City, and Mrs. Felix Blum, Mt. Vernon,
N. Y.
Gold Peppers ... co-ed athletia,booster honorary, was feted at a dinner given by the Gimlet club, ed athletic booster honorary, last night at the Sigma Nu fraternity house. The dinner, the first of its kind on the campus, served as a general get-together for, the two athletic booster organizations. Arrangements for the affair were in charge of Hank Prazee, Gimlet president, and Margaret Mitchell, Gold Pepper head. Ward Lambert and his wife chaperoned the dinner.
Henry Fames
Union To Present Henry P. Eames, Pianist, Sunday Henry Purmort Eames, wellknown for his piano-lecture recitals and a professor of musical art at Scripps and Claremont graduate colleges, will be presented by the music room next Sunday, January 7, at 4 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Dr. Eames who was received enthusiastically when he appeared in a program on the campus last year, will give a lecture-recital on Richard Wagner’s “Ring of the Nibelungs.” The meaning of the music will be discussed, and the lecturer will illustrate with piano selections. Dr. Eames will lecture on the following program: Storm Scene and Entrance of the Gods into Valhalla—Rhinegold. Siegmund’s 'Ldv€^Song—^Valkyrie. Siegfried Forging the Sword— Siegfried. Song of the Forest Bird—Siegfi’ied. Morning Dawn and Siegfried’s Rhine Journey—Dusk of the Gods. Siegfried’s Death Music—Dusk of the Gods. Wotan’s Farewell and Magic Fire Scene—^Valkyrie.
It’s kind of cool fellows in case you haven’t noticed. After all of the hot water we got into over vacation, it’s rather nice. In fact very nice with exams and evei^ything
coming up.
All joking aside, the weather man really turned on the brine full force Wednesday and dropped the temperature down to three below zero for the coldest weather Lafayette has had since 1936 when the temperature dropped to 20 below. The cold snap and snow which swept the middle west before and during Christmas vacation interrupted one of the warr^^t and^ driest falls and early winters^ since the turn of the century. The prospect of more snow came as a relief to the drought which had earlier sent grain prices soaring. All we need now are our red fiannels to keep us warm and a bit of sleet to keep us from dashing out to enjoy the weather, and we can get a lot of cramming done before finals. The weather should keep the brain from over heating, but can we keep it from freezing ? Scientist Lectures To Sigma Pi Sigma About Cosmic Rays Prof. V. F. Hess, of Fordham University,jhe discoverer of cosmic rays and a Nobel Prize winner, spoke last night before a meeting of Sigma Pi Sigma, physics honorary. His topic was “New Experiments in Cosmic Rays.” Prior to his evening address. Prof. Hess was the guest of honor at a dinner in the Union building. Hess was at the Radium Institute of the Academy of Sciences at Vienna when he discovered the cosmic rays. These rays were known for a long time as the “Hess radiation.” He was later professor of physics at Innsbruck and at the University of Graz before coming to this country to accept a post as professor of physics at Fordham. The distinguished visitor is known not only for his discovery of cosmic rays, but also for his precision work in the standardization of radium compounds in the commercial field. Along these lines, Prof. Hess has been of active service to industrial concerns in the United States for a number of
years.
Exponent Staff The following are scheduled to work today; Skallerup, issue; Heaton and Purcell, proof; Ochiltree, Smith, and Carpenter, work-
ers.
, Former Elliott Announces Three
Faculty Appointments
William F. Miller, Ardmore, Pennsylvainia, assistant engineer for .maintenance of the way of the Pennsylvania Railroad east, died December 18 after a lingering illness. Miller has long been one of the University’s strongest supporters. As former president of the Purdue Dad’s Association, he was a frequent visitor to the campus while his sons. Ford and Thomas, were students at the University. Sigma Phi Epsilon, the fraternity to which both his sons belonged, bestowed upon him an honorary membership. In 1934 he "established the annual presentation of a watch to the senior engineer who best presents a technical subject in a nontechnical manner. This award has since become one of the most coveted by the engineers. In his employer capacity in railroad work. Miller had employed a great number of Purdue graduates. Scabbard And Blade Will Hear Drysdale At Banquet Tuesday Scabbard and Blade, military honorary, will hold their annual first semester initiation banquet Tuesday evening, January 9, at 6:15, in the College Inn of Fowler Hotel. Colonel W. S. Drysdale will be the principal speaker for the occasion. Col. Drysdale will speak on “The European Situation and its Effect on National Defense.” Having seen more than 40 years of military experience, he is well qualified to speak on this subject. He first entered the army during the SpanishAmerican War and has since seen service in the Philippine Islands, Cuba, and China, both with the American embassy and in actual command of United States U’oops. During the Philippine insurrection, he received the Silver Star Citation for swimming the Marialao river under fire during the battle of Marialao. Col. Drysdale is at present stationed at Columbus in connection with the fifth corps area, headquarters.
Three appointments and changes in the University staff, made during the Christmas vacation, have been announced by President Elliott. Two of the appointments affect the school ^of agriculture and the other is in the science school. Dr. William V. Lambert has been given the rank of associate dirwtor of the agricultural experiment station; Dr. Paul H. Elliker will succeed Dr. E. H. Parafitt as University bacteriologist, and Dorothy A. Bovee, holding the rank of assistant professor, has already taken over her duties as supervisor of special projects in women’s education in the University. Dr. Lambert' . . . who will become associate director of the agricultural experiment station at the University, has been in charge of the genetics investigation for the bureau of animal industry of the U. S. Department of Agriculture since 1936. His appointment will be effective February 1, according to President E. C.
Elliott.
The new associate director is a graduate of the University of Nebraska and obtained his doctorate at the University of California' in 1931. He has been a member of the teaching staffs at both Kansas State and Iowa State Colleges. Dr. Lambert is a member of the American Association for Advancement of Science, a fellow in the Genetics Society, and a member of both the Society of Animal Production and the American Society of Zoology. In 1936 he took his position in Washington to reorganize the research work of the Bureau of Animal Industry. His duties there have taken him to most of the agricultural experiment stations in the United States, and have given him a broad picture of the research work throughout the nation. The appointment of Dr. Lambert follows the changes started last July 1 when Harry J. Reed was . named dean of the school of agriculture, director of the experiment station, and superintendent of agricultural extension to succeed Dean J. H. Skinner upon his retirement.
First Swing
. ; . session of 1940 will be presented tomorrow night at 7:15 in the Union ballroom as Harry McCrady and his orchestra offer a prelude to the evening’s dancing. At 9 o’clock the orchestra will again play, this time for the regular Saturday night mixer.
Cary Club Brings Anson Weeks Here For Dance Tonight Following a formal dinner beginning at 7 o’clock tonight in the Cary Halls, Cary Club members and their dates will adjourn to the Union ballroom to dance to the music of Anson Weeks and his “Ambassadors of Rhythm.” Dancing will begin at 9 p. m. Dinner will be served by candjelight with favors going to the dates. The second half of the evening’s entertainment will be" presented in the ballroom by Weeks’ thirteen piece orchestra before a backdrop portraying an ed and his date walking to the entrance of one of the
halls.
Featured in the orchestra will be comely Doris DeNel, songstress. Bud Prentice, vocalist, and the Anson Weeks trio. The orchestra has broadcast over NBC and CBS. In addition, the band has played at the Aragon and Trianon ballrooms in Chicago. The committee in charge of the dance includes: Alan Botsford, Dick Zweig, George Kintner, Joseph Price, Cy Adler, Dan Hayne, Bob Mullet, John Layson, George Frey, Wall Schalk, and Walter Swigart.
These Were Headlines Of Past Year
By J. H. McKee (Editor’s Note: In keeping with news commentators and the turn of the year today the Exponent rewrites the ten biggest news stories arising on the campus during the fall of 1939. Stories from the second semester of 1938-39 school year are not included.) Thanksgiving Vacation Culminating three years’ effort on the part of the Student Senate and the Exponent, the faculty granted a Thanksgiving vacation from Wednesday noon, November 22, to 'the following Monday morning. The vacation was originally scheduled for the last Thursday in November, but following President Roosevelt’s Thanksgiving proclamation the University made the
change.
Beauty Contest Out of 91 contestants, beauty judges Zack Mosley, creator of the comic strip “Smilin’ Jack”; Jerry Carlon, Indianapolis photographer; and J. Reed Winsett, DePauw University art department, selected Wilma Bear,- Vivian Dickerson,
Jeanette Haynes, and Frances Lloyd the University’s best. The contest was held in the Union Ballroom Saturday, December 2. All four beauties were organized coeds. Religious Emphasis Week Opening Armistice Day the Committee of 100 offered University students a week of Religious Emphasis, finishing the following Saturday night. Speakers of note on the week’s program were: Di\ Arthur Compton, Dr. Worth Tippy, Mrs. Harper Sibley, A. J. Muste, Mrs. Grace Ovei'ton, and Miss Muriel Lester. The first open seminar of the week filled Eliza Fowler Hall twice. Prom, Gala Week Elections Sixteen juniors and 12 seniors sought Prom and Gala Week Committee positions in the annual allcampus elections. The Progressive party swept election^, gaining all thirteen positions. Two juniors ran as unaffiliated candidates. Exponent Peace Poll In October University students
favored the proposed “cash and carry” plan for foreign trade according to the all-campus Peace Poll conducted by the Exponent. Over 2,100 ballots were returned and tabulated during the poll. The ballots returned represented better than 66 per cent of the ballots distributed. Students approved American aid of all types, except man power, to the Allies in the,war against Germany. Rankin Captain Following a football season in which Purdue won three, lost three, and tied two games, David Rankin, end and All-American . on many teams, was elected'^captain of the 1940 eleven. Frank Bykowski, AllConference guard, was named “most valuable player” by his teammates'. The elections followed the annual football banquet, held in the Union ballroom November 28. Homecoming With the football team defeated by Nile Kinnick and Company from Iowa, Purdue alumni returned to
the campus to renew acquaintances of college days. Homecoming morning Iron Key, University senior activity honorary, announced their new members. Co-ed Rush One hundred and thirty-two coeds were pledged to seven national and one local sorority September 5, as ten days of rush ended. The Pi Phis . and Thetas lead the sororities in number pledged with 22 coeds. Co-ed CAA Janette Morris and Joann Geer, University co-eds, were the first coeds in the country to take to the air for CAA solos. Miss Morris soloed just a few minutes after authorization was received from Washington. Military Ball Seven hundred couples danced to the music of Joe Sanders and Bill Carlsen at the Military Ball, opening the University formal social season. During the evening 36 men were pledged to Scabbard and Blade, senior military honorary.
Dr. Etiiker . . . formerly of the University of Wisconsin, will assume the duties of bacteriologist on the University dairy department staff. Dr. Parfitt, whom he is replacing, resigned his position here to become technical adviser and director of the laboratory of the Evaporated Milk Association, a national organization of dairy companies producing evaporated milk. Dr. Elliker, who obtained his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin, was first employed by the Pet Milk Co. and then a cooperate cheese factory at Madison. He served on the University of Maryland staff from June, 1938, to September, 1939, but returned to Wisconsin last September. He is a member of various dairy science societies and is regarded as an outstanding member of his chosen profession. Dr. Parfitt taught here since 1921, and is widely known for his system for the cleansing of milking machines and equipment, and also his studies on butter and the effect of pasteurizing milk at high temperatures. Dorothy Bovee . . . appointed supervisor of special projects in Women’s education in the University, began, her duties last Monday. Formerly of the University of Minnesota faculty. Miss Bovee will counsel the women enrolled in the special experimental curriculunj started this year. In addition she will teach,a new survey course called History of Civilization. After attending the Aberdeen State College for two years she went to the University of Minnesota, There she received both a degree of bachelor of science and one as master of arts. She taught several years in high schools of the northwest, including two years at Washburn high school in Minneapolis before joining the Minnesota University faculty.* r^^rJ ^l^^"j"' r^^(
-^H
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday', January 5, 1940
m *(t
Jjumh^ JoUl
What About Chicago?
Biggest collegiate football news of the year was missed by every college paper in the country, when trustees of Chicago University announced in the middle of Christmas vacation that the Midway school would drop Western Conference football. Such action had been discussed ever since Chicago entered its gridiron doldrums and Midway football scores began to look like top-sided basketball scores, with Chicago continually on the small end Complete abandonment of football came as a surprise to most gridiron followers, however. Purdue is directly affected by the move in that the game with Chicago on October 19 is automatically cancelled. Just before Christmas vacation Athletic Director Noble Kizer had completed negotiations with T. N. Metcalf, Chicago director, to play the game in Ross-Ade Stadium instead of in Chicago as originally scheduled.
Ohio State and Michigan will also have open days on their schedules on the dates they were to meet Chicago. It is only a matter of conjectures whether a game can be arranged between Purdue and one of these two schools. Conference rules at present prohibit post-sea-son games.
'Maroon' Approves Move
Reports indicated that Chicago had an unusually strong freshman team, and we don’t like to see Stagg Field scuttled. The Chicago Daily Maroon put its seal of approval on Chicago’s withdrawal from intercollegiate football competition, and said editorially, “We wonder whether other large universities will follow the lead of this one and dare to become true educational institutions ” Admitting some faults and commercialization in football, we have no desire that Purdue should ever “follow” Chicago. Football contributes a certain “something” to college life which we would not want thrown into discard. Education, by all means . . . but let us have a little of the fall football spirit and annual Homecomings along with our daily classes. Destroy football and its color, and you destroy something difficult to replace. It is worth noting that Columbia University at one time dropped football, but later returned to the game. Nebraska, Notre Dame, Pittsburgh, and Michigan State have been mentioned at various times as most likely to be considered for membership in the Western Conference in the event' Chicago’s decision to drop football results in withdrawal from the Big Ten. Others would have the Conference remain a “Big Nine” as far as football is concerned. Chicago is still a Conference member, however, and further consequences of the decision
Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regular* academic year and vreekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60
Editorial Board
R E Insley W E Smith
D G Terrio G W Frederick E M Antonini G Schilling R Jenkins
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager Editdridl Director Managing Rditor Senior Advertising Manager Co-ed Editor Sports Editor
junior Staff
Editorial R F DeHoog R W Donahue D K Heiple J H McKee M L Miers J C Willsey
Business R Fisher R Hall A Hite M Hagemeyer T Petty G Cox Sec
Sports J P Dolan S D Marquis M M Richards Co-ed M Burtsfield G Carroll B Simpson
D J Henninger Art Director
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Sports
2792
Business 5038
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative
420 Madibon ave New York N Y. CHICAGO ■ Boston • Los Angeles * San Francisco
This newspaper is written edited and published by un dergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it unless otherwise accredited are student opinions and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director
Night Editor—Donahue Issue Editor—Ochiltree Friday, January 5, 1940
will not be determined until March, when faculty representatives and athletic directors of the Conference are to meet during the Big Ten
indoor track meet.
Other Sports Questioned
Another immediate consequence of Chicago’s withdrawal was outlined by Prof. 0. F. Long, Northwestern’s representative on the Conference faculty committee. Long said that nine of the Conference members indicated they would not permit Chicago to continue Conference relationships in other sports This action, he said, was taken informally at the recent Big Ten meeting in response to a hypothetical question framed by Chicago representatives. Another report, however, stated that this was a “misquote.” Because Chicago saw fit to drop football, whatever the reasons may be, we do not feel that member teams of the Western Conference should discontinue athletic contest^ with Chicago in other sports. Such action would not be Boilermaker sportsmanship. Noble Kizer had not returned from Florida last night, and Purdue’s faculty representative, Prof. G. A. Young, was ill in bed, and could not be reached for a statement.
Ah! A new year has arrived . . . a “Leap Year” at that men, but don’t (for your own good) get &ny notions that you can win because it is a leap )redr. . . . F. D. R. hasn’t been able to change the nature of the fairer sex yet. —B & B— Chi Omega Housemothei . . . . JJiIrs Ross set an example for all the co-eds by showing them thd way to the altar Take heed girls and follow in the footsteps of one wiser than yourselves and stop this frivilous flitting around, —B & B— BOB COPPES, Phi Gam “Lonely Heart” is again smiling He doesn’t give a hang about the European situation now because his Kappa sweetheart, Peggy Timberlake, is back from Sweden. . . Ed’s note: Bob has been tiue to you, Peg . . that IS, he has been as true as your sisters would allow him to be. —B & B— Titlp of “Boner of the Month” goes to Professor McKee of the English department. He spelled an important man’s name radically wrong in addressing a letter to him. (This alone is an unpardonable sin for anyone—and he’s an English Prof.) The Prof then mailed the letter without a stamp (another ridiculous oversight) but the mailman didn’t take the letter for the Professor had absent-mindedly dropped the letter into his coat pocket rather than the mailbox. . . . Compensating errors, etc. Tsk, tsk Professor, —B & B— Imagine the optimism of a prominent Sig Ep junioi when engrossed in serious thought he was heard to lemaik, “Gosh, this is the only yeai that co-eds will lun aftei me” Joke' —B & B— The Kappa Fish Lines are out alieady foi the new yeai’s season Caiyl “Just Me” Kepnei landed Sigma Nu, Paul Hammond . Sister Barbara Fleming IS runner-up she only got an Indiana man At last youi woi ries aie over Baib —B & B— Number Two Boner of the New Year came when
£iheA, ^diiA
By Hank Miller
songs for six colleges now and will present them at the rate of one a week for the next six He explains his inteiest in writing college tunes with these words:
paiticipant m the discussion who is well veised in the subject of collegiate athletics is the University’s chan man of intiamuial athletics Chailes McClellan
tHAid
Well, vacation’s ovei and it’s time to get back on the ball (m moie ways than one) Dm mg vacation, though, we had a lot of time to listen to the ladio and heaid a lot of very good programs along with a lot of shows that we had nevei had a chance to heai
“Though hundreds of popular tunes are brought out each year, little effort has been made to add to the list of traditional college pep and alma matei songs. I am happy to make some contributions to this grand type of music.”
One program that will long stick in our memory was one that was on just a week ago tonight The president of the Cities Service Coiporation died a few days before the company’s broadcast of the Cities Service Concert and the whole progiam was given over to honoring his memory The regularly planned program was cancelled and his favoiite music was played Owen D Young was on the show to pay tribute to him and there was not one commercial during the whole hour
Hundreds of schools are requesting songs and many of them are getting them. Purdue has just as much right to one as any other school. If you think we should have one, why write a letter to Bull Session and maybe something can be done. ' —e-6—
Tonight at 9, NBC-Blue will cai ly a desciiption of the light-heavy-weight bout between Melio Bettina, foimei champ, and Fred Apostoli, a leading contender foi the crown now worn by Billy Conn
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Those Daring Darlings Are Truckin' to Town to Paint it Red-Blonde and Brunette!
73 foi now.
In the Exponent’s new column. Bull Session, a few days before vacation, a letter appeared asking why someone didn’t start a movement to have Fred Waring write a pew song for Purdue. According to news just received from Chicago, Waring is not going to stop writing school songs just because football season’s over. In fact, he is writing
Sports fans! An inteiesting program will be aired tomoirow fiom 3 to 3 30 p m over WBBM, Chicago, regarding the Chicago Univeisity football situation Student representatives from the University of Chicago, current storm center of inter-collegiate athletics after a withdrawal from Big Ten football competition, will discuss the topic, “What Place Have Athletics in our Universities’” on the Columbia Network’s “Bull Session” which is heard each week at this time. Heading the Jist of students appearing on the program will be Dick Wheeler, center on the current and last Chicago football team Another
GOOD
GROOMING
Is largely a matter of keeping the every-day clothes ALWAYS clean, well mended and
nicely pressed!
You'll Like Our Work.
Phone 3085
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Dora and I had such a nice comfy chat! We both hate Estelle!”
BILL (Pride of Oak Park) SILJANDER attempted to secure three suitcases on the running board of his car by tying them with a rope and then knotting the rope end around a spoke of the Idft rear wheel. Some kind fellow-travplers pointed out the errors of his ways, and explained the diflipulties which might arise when the wheels started to revolve.
WBAA Will Report NU Tilt Tomorrow
—B & B-
The Thinker Gal “I could nevex marry a careless man ” Guy “What do you mean, careless’” Gal “Why bunging me way out here m youi car and lunning out of gas ” Guy “Huh, that wasn’t carelessness That was foresight.”
Chi Omega
social soioiity, announces the mairiage of its housemother, Mrs Lillian N Ross, to Dr. John Fryer The ceremony took place on New Yeai’s Day in Marion, Indiana
Purdue’s opening Big Ten basketball game with Northwestern at Evanston on Saturday night, marking the Boilermakers first appearance of the season away from home, will be broadcast by telegraphic report over WBAA, beginning at 8 o’clock. Malcolm Ross and Joe Mihal will take turns at the microphone The Gimlet (flub, which has been sponsoiing the series of sports broadcasts over WBAA this season, has also completed arrangements to bioadcast all of the other five out-of-town games on the Boilermaker hardwood schedule. The Illinois and Indiana games away from home will be broadcast direct from Champaign and Bloomington, while the broadcasts of the Chicago, Michigan, and Wisconsin games will be by telegraphic leports.
LU^
— TODAY -SATURDAY
ist^iTof QfiKfVn
^ BAKER'KNIGHT^ PfGGir MORA^
ARC
— TODAY -SATURDAY
TO DA Y— Blazing Thrills /
EHEiilES WalterPIDGEON’RitaJOHNSON — AND—.
5 Min mco with "THE HOUSEKEEPERS DflUCHTER'
BUT KEEPING HOUSE WAS NOT IN HEH ilNE!
Hilda Didn’t Know A Pot From A Pan...But What Shd Couldn’t
STARTS TOMORROW
MABS
Last Times Today' VICTOR McLAGLEN JACKIE COOPER
IN-
THE DIG GUY
f » S'' iv;iVi '4 ;«,p, ‘ ^ V*., ,: .„^,,..,i ,4. ..«.; .4., ?T./;‘,“‘U.. ,,;„ ; v/,^^,;”. \; .; ,4,. 4,.. "1,-.. /' .„,, ., ‘ >'-' ,'T'" 4'-\ ■' : - ■ ', ,
I
.k/*
A
H Friday', tanuory 5., 1940
£xpomjnL SpiMA^ ficuqsL
3 H
Riveter Quintet Trounces Four Visiting Teams
Big Ten Netters Maintain Prestige; Open Title Race Western Conference guns will be heard roaring on the midwestern basketball front tomorrow night as the Big Ten hardwood race makes its 1940 debut with all ten teams in action. Nation-wide interest will be focused on the initial performances of the favorites for this season’s Big Ten hpnors as it is quite possible that several of them will have tough sledding to get over the first hump of the race.-
Big 'Ten Tennis Strong
Four weeks of intense competition against the strongest teams front all parts of the cotmtry has proven the Big Ten supremacy in tJ. S. net wars to be undeniable. Conference teams were successful in chalking up an amazing victory total of 60 wins with only 14 loses in the 64 battles against intersectional fties. In spite of this one sided record, only three conference teams, Indiana, Illinois, and Northwestern, have been able to keep their victory slate unblemished. Probably the feature attraction for tomorrow night will be at Bloomington, where the undefeated Hoosiers entertain an Illinois five boasting the same record. Indiana, selected by many prognosticators to cop the conference title, has won seven consecutive contests, most impressive of which are the wins over Pittsburgh and Duquesne. The mini also have woft seven straight battles, with a 42-29 victory over Notre'Dame bespeaking the power of the Illinois quihtet. Boilermakers vs. Wildcats A pair of crucial battles will share the limelight with the Illi-nois-Indiana clash, with Purdue invading the Northwestern goalery and last year’s defending champions, Ohio State, traveling to Ann Arbor to tangle with the highly touted Michigan Wolverines. Northwestern’s undefeated record and the fact that the game will be played on their home court will probably see the Purple ruling as favorites. However, since the Boilermakers have encountered much stiffen competition than have the Purple, there
remains little to choose between the two fives. Northwestern and the Boilermakers will both depend a great deal on an aggressive group of sophomores, with lanky pivot man Bob Klein leading the Wildcat second year aspirants. Captain Ad Vance froln Logansport, has been a main- - spring in the Purple attack for the past two seasons, and this year is at the helm of the Northwestern
squad.
Michigan seems to hold an edge over the faltering Buckeye team. The Buckeyes are in the midst of a losing streak, with three straight losses suffered at the hands of Kentucky, Pittsburgh, and Cornell. The Wolverines have dropped but a single game thus far, a close battle with Rochester University, and are rated as a potential dark horse for Big Ten honors. Veterans Rae, Pink, and Harmon, All-American football player, will lead the Wolverine attack against Ohio
State.
Hawks Face Gophers Iowa seemed well on toward a succesful season with three victories in as many games, only to have their hopes dashed to bits following a disastrous Eastern invasion in which the Haweyees lost all four encounters. The hawkeye hardwood camp will be invaded tomorrow night by a strong Minnesota team, with an impressive record of six mns and only one loss. The single loss was dealt them by the University of Washington on the third night of a three game series, after the Goph-
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN. OUR NEW ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS TO-NIGHT 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASS OPENS TO-NIGHT 6:30 P. M. CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES IN BALLET, TAP AND BALLROOM OPEN SATURDAY JAN. 6th CLASSES WILL BE DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
6th AND FERRY ST.
Swimming Squad Spends Holidays On Florida Jaunt TheBoilerinaker swimming squad spent 10 days of the Christmas holidays in sunny Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The occasion was the NCAA swimming forum held there every year. 626' swimmers representing over 100 mid-western and eastern colleges spent the period in a rigorous training program climaxed by the annual East-West Relays. Coach Dick Papenguth, accompanying the team, divided his time between numerous meetings and conferences for coaches and his team which swam at least 4 miles a day. The boys worked out in a 50 meter pool filled with salt water which slowed their time in the various distances. The East-West relays which consisted of competition between three classes of swimmers, classed according to time, was the feature of the program. The West which has been the steady wihner in the meets of past years, won easily again. The victory was due largely to the presence of the University of Michigan squad in the West’s lineup. Michigan, last year’s Big Ten and national intercollegiate champs, sparked the team on which Purdue was represented. Patty Aspinaii and Purdue’s Barbara Cook, who accompanied the Boilermaker team, took an active part in the aquatic program. Patty, who is Coach Papenguth’s young protege, made a fine showing by capturing a first and several thirds. Barbara Cook put on a fine diving exhibition which was well received by all who saw it. The Florida trip provided an ideal opportunity for the team to get
ers had decisively conquered the Westerners in the first two engagements. The final Big Ten battle will be fought at Chicago where the University of Chicago will play host to Wisconsin. Neither of these teams is given an outside chance of making a showing in the coming campaign, but either team is capable of slightly upsetting the dope cart. Chicago has a returning group of veterans who defeated Purdue iu the final game of the season by virtue of a last minute field goal.
WHY LET THE MEN HAVE ALL THE FUN You can have lots more time for fun when ynii let us take care of your Linen Needs.
LINENS “Ore a Rental Basis**
Phone 2000 for Service
into shape for the coming meets. The first meet of the new year will be a dual meet with the Huntington Y.M.C.A. This fine squad is onfe of the strongest in the state. In last year’s Y.M.C-A*. championship meet, the strong Huntington squad took second place.
QlfwixjL By Robert J. Deckard All we know about vacation athletic doings is what we read in the papers and watched around Perdew . . . We didn’t do any research for our readers, didn’t come to any definite conclusions concealing sports in general, and didn’t argue with anybody about Chicago dropping football except with a chum of ours in Wabash. In fact, if you want to know the truth, we were practically inert o’er the holidays. ... (Of course. New Year’s Eve was slightly different). —^fc— The Boilermaker basketball team stacked up against five intersectional foes during the two-weeks’ session and came out on the good end of four games Southern California, who was out for jthe “rubber” game of the PU-USC series, licked the Riveters, but had to do it with a gob of Indiana high school alums. ’—fc— But, as for the rest, the lads accounted for themselves right nicely and established themselves around the Western Conference cage circle as a potential threat to all comers. ... In fact, we were quite proud of the Boilermakers. —^fc— As we said above, all we know is what we read in the papers. . . . We noticed in an Associated Press story concerning the East-West football game New Year’s Day in ‘ San Francisco’s Kezar Stadium that “Lou Brock of Purdue also appeared in the East lineup.” Period. —fc— Also we learned in the Wabash (Ind.) Plain' Dealer that Freddie .Beretta, one of the boys who plays on the Purdue University basketball team, is “captain of the Indiana University basketball team, 193940.” . . . And it appeared right under a cut, all handsomely dressed up. . . . Clear as a crystal were six letters across Beretta’s chest: PURDUE. We ain’t lying. Bud!
POPCORN Is our principal business—that is why we are able to do it better. A gallon for 15c.
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
STUDENTS!! THE OLD PROFESSOR HIMSELF
—with all Ilia prize pupils of the "College of Musical Knowledge," and a hand-picked hunch of screen favorites In the laugh-swing-stery sensation of the season!
MAY ROBSON • LUCILLE BALL DENNIS O’KEEFE • EDWARD EVEREH HORTON • ROSCOE KARNS • MORONI OLSEN RAY KYSER'S BAND featuring DINNY SIMMS •HARRY BABBITT SULLY MASON •ISHKABIBBLE
MaiiI
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAT. 11:30
Netters Lose To Southern Cal; Take Four Straight Emerging from the five holiday games against the toughest of intersectional foes with a batting average of .800 and with an all season record of six wins against a pair of defeats^ the Boilermaker basketball brigade is at full steam this week, with Piggy Lambertj chief engineer, who has recovered froirt his ailment, back at the throttle. The Boilermakers will be gunning for their fifth consecutive victory tomorrow night as they tangle with the Northwestern Wildcats to open the 1940 Big Ten season. ^
Southern Cal Wins
Following the victories over Macomb and Detroit and the loss to DePaul, the Riveters met the highly touted Southern California five on the day vacation began, December 20. The Trojans were able to maintain a narrow lead over the Lambertmen during the whole battle, except foi^ a Riveter spurt at the beginning of the second half, which saw the score knotted at two counts before the Trojans were able to regain their lead and edge out a vic-
tory, 38-34.
The game was fast and thrilling throughout,-with sophomores Blanken, Sprowl, Tierney, and Caress, providing the necessary spark to keep the game a nip and tuck affair. Beretta’s defensive work was an outstanding feature of the g'hme, when he held Vaughn, Southern California’s offensive ace to three field goals and a free throw.
One Down
The follovTing night the Riveter’s entertained their second straight Western team, Washington State. Led by Blanken, sophomore star, who was unable to play at the beginning of the season because of an ailing side injury, the Boilermakers turned on the heat to send the Washington Staters down to defeat by the decisive score of 38-
26.
The Westerners led during the early part of the game, but they were soon headed by virtue of two pointers dropped in "by Neutzel, Caress, Igney, and Beretta. The Boilermakers held a slim one point lead at half time, but gradually pulled out in front in the second stanza. Blanken’s. shooting became very efficient in this period, when he was able to chalk up a total of 12 points for the evening. Riveters Down Champs Invading the Boilermaker hardwood camp two nights later was Oregon, last season’s National Collegiate Champions, Wasting no time on the third Western team, the Riveters jumped into an early lead over the tall Webfoots which they held during the entire contest. Blanken again led the Riveter’s attack, garnering a total of 18 points during the evening. Forward Johnny Dick was the spearhead of the Webfoot attack, shining both defensively and offensively. Dick led the Oregon second half drive, which fell short of victory by 7 pointy as the Riveters marked up their second straight win, 41-
34.
Southwest Foes^ Following a short vacation to consume a Christmas repast, the Riveters rfeturndd to work last week in preparation for meeting two of the best teams from the Southwest. On Wednesday Southern Methodist furnished the competition,
which proved too slow for a Boilermaker quintet that outscored the Mustangsj 48-26. Igney, Beretta and Blanken led the Riveter attack which completely outshone the Southerners. They held a 17-11 lead at the halftime, after which a group of substitutes took over, running
the score up to 48 points.
The next evening the Boilermakers snowed under their fourth consecutive non-cortference foe, as the best that Rice, previously undefedted, had to offer was not enough to overcome the strong Riv-
eter attack.
Although Rice led at the half, 29-24, the Boilermakers came back fast in the filial frame, dnd the expert marksmanship of Igney and Sprowl, combined with the smooth passing of Fisher, Beretta, and Caress put the Gold and Black into the lead to win by the score of 62-
41.
Boilermaker Squash Team Meets Defeat In Eastern Invasion The Boilermaker squash racquets team returned Tuesday following their invasion of the East. They were unable to cope with the calibre of game played'by their more ex'perienced eastern opponents and were defeated in all four of their
matches.
The Purdue squad, composed of Capt. Hershel Eberhard, Robert Morley, Kenneth Blessing, James Mann, Robert Munro, met defeat at the hands of Pennsylvania, 6-0; Yale, 4-1; Amherst, 3-2; and Har-
vard, 5-0.
Capt. Eberhard won his matches against both Yale and Amherst to lead the squad. The only other win was by Blessing against Amherst. Despite these defeats Coach Clevett felt well satisfied with the resiilts of the trip as far as preparation for the mid-western schedule is concerned, and is making plans for the first home game of the season Saturday afternoon at 2:30 against the Indianapolis Athletic Club. Skating Rink Provided For Riveier Students Prpv^ding ice-skating facilities for Boilerihaker sttidentS, tho Iiitramm*al department has flooded the athletic field north of the Fieldhouse. Flood lights are available for lighting the rink at night. The north end of the Fieldhouse may be used as a warming house.
Staunch Friends
There just can't be coffee without some ol Grave's delicious sweet rolls. Stop in tonight and i»dc up some for tomorrow morning.
GRAVES QUAUTY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. '^Catering to FrateriUtiea and Sororitiet^*
^ 'I' A'-'nsrafs
'fiA;^' tfij-!,,'*^ 4^7St. ,
* ■
ffef'/i-r? m ') '«5?« ^•^’t ft*hj* > lylATCy
' 9W
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# January 5# 1940
C(H)ps|o Present Movie Tomorrow
"The House Without a Landlord” is the title of a movie which the student cooperation association will present tomorrow night in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Housing cooperatives is the topic, and depicts the transformation of a slum area of New York City’s famous east side into the modern cooperative apartment district at Van Cortland park. It also shows the operation of other cooperative enterprises, and the many educational and recreational opportunities oifered by the community. The movie, which is about one hour in length, is furnished by the National Cooperative League, and^ was recently featured at Stephens College.
Personnel Notes
COMPANY: Lever Brothers Company, Cambridge, Massachusetts, manufacturers of Lux, Lifebuoy, Rinso, and Spry. Mr. Roy Brown, supervisor, is requesting recommendations of graduates in chemistry, chemical engineering, physics and biology. This company operates plants in Cambridge, Massachusetts; Hammond, Indiana; Edgewater, New Jersey; Baltimore, Maryland. They operate five days per week throughout the year. The initial salary of a new employee is $26.00 a week. A 90-day training program is available. Those interested, please sign up in the main office of the departments of chemistry, physics or biology, or the school of chemical engineeimg.
Triangle
. . . social fraternity announces the initiation of the following: Warner Ohman, Chicago, 111.; Louis W. Bruck, Indianapolis; Alphonso A. Topp, Indianapolis; Charles B. Breedlove, Detroit, Mich;. George W. King, Lafayette; Charles M. Hoskins, Libertyville, 111.; James L. Cullen, Lakewood, Ohio; John M. Horn, Denver, Colo.; Carl J. Herbold, Fort Peck, Montana; Norman A. Shane, Jr., Evansville; James H. Marshall, Evansville; Richard R. Kraybill, Lafayette; George A. Kruder, Lombard, 111.; Harold F. Kratch, Louisville, Kentucky.
Chi Omega Alumni Sponsor Bridge Parly In Ballroom
Public Reservations For Last 3 Games Go On Sale
Dr. Monroe Elected Head Of Speech Organization
Buli Session
WaCi TUiwa.
Editor’s Note: Letters published in this column are the opinion of the person shbmitting them and do not necessarily represent the policy of the Exponent. Students submitting letters should sigm their names but they will not be printed if they so desire. Letters may be turned in at the Exponent box at the west Union desk.
Members of the Chi Omega Alumni Association sponsored a benefit bridge party last evening in the Union ballroom. The affair was open to the public. Rebecca Ruby, chairman of the committee on arrangements, was in charge. The party was one of the projects undertaken by the Alumni Association to raise money for the active chapter. The money will be used to enlarge the chapter’s library. Gandy was served and prizes were given.
Dear Bull Session Editor: As a loyal Purdue basketball fan, and not living too far from town I came back for each basketball game during the vacation. My tickets were in section 6, and the whole north side of the Fieldhouse was reserved for outsiders 'as far as I could see. In the first place, I don’t think the Fieldhouse was made large enough when first constructed. Secondly, I think that Purdue games are primarily for Purdue students. They are not seated as such. I know a lot of students didn’t reserve tickets for the Southern California or Oregon game. But those that did shouldn’t have had to sit in the corners, so outsiders might see the game. At the other games, when passports were the tickets, the north side was still reserved for outsiders. Let’s hear from the athletic department. AI. I. ’40.
Dear Bull: While I like EE 19 and all that, the course gives me the jitters. Every time me and my partners check one of those two or three hundred dollar meters out and start hooking it up with volts and amperes I start to think about what would happen if we blew one up. After all, it doesn’t take long to ruin one of these gadgets. A little lost shut-eye the night before and a wrong connection. And wheel. Up goes a couple hundred bucks in smoke. Most of us can’t afford to blow one of the things up. Our margin of expenses wouldn’t stand it. What we need is some kind of insurance. My suggestion is that the University provide us with something along that line. Each student who takes the course could be assessed a fee of six bits or so to be placed in a pool. Then if anyone blows a meter out, the cost of replacement or repair could come from the pool and not from the student’s pockets, At first this would seem an unnecessary tax. But I am sure that most students would rather pay a little bit at the beginning of the semester than run the risk of having to pay a hundred times that much, later in the semester for one slip in the wrong place. W. A. M., ’41.
By Donna Seiss Physical education department for women will present a technicolor film entitled "Winter Sports at Sun Valley,” Tuesday and Wednesday, January 8 and 9, in room 101 of the Michael Golden shops. These films, which are being sent here by the Union Pacific Railroad, show skiing, skating, and other winter sports ^joyed at the Sun Valley, Idaho, resort. —WAA— Hours for the film presentations on Tuesday are 3:00, 4:00, and 7:30; on Wednesday 3:00 and 4:00 P. M. All physical education students are required to attend the film as a regular class period, however all students are invited. No admission will be charged. —WAA— Mixed recreation will be sponsored by Sportswomen Friday, January 5, 12, and 19, at 7:30 P. M. in the Memorial Gymnasium. Ping pong, deck tennis, shuffleboard, volley ball, swimming, and badminton are among the sports to be enjoyed. A 10c admission will be charged to eds desiring to swim. Tennis shoes must be worn by all those not engaged in swimming activities. —WAA— The next big sport on the WAA calendar will be basketball. Fencing practice is being held several times a week for all co-eds interested in furthering their knowledge of this art.
'40 Debris To Dwarf Former Publications
All remaining seats for Purdue’s next three Big Ten basketball games will be on sale for the general public according to the following schedule: January 8—Ohio State January 13—Wisconsin January 15—Minnesota The tickets will be available over the counter at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, as announced yesterday by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Tickets foi the remaining home games will be on sale only after the distribution of student tickets is completed.
Dr. Alan H. Monioe, head of the division of speech in the English department at the University, was recently elected president of the National Association of Teachers of Speech at theii annual meeting in Chicago. Monroe and several members of the speech staff are in Chicago attending the convention which opened Wednesday and will close today.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Mam Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S .HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tailor
• Jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Tin Shop
• Dairy Products
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descriptions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Phi Kappa Sigs Lead Participation Race
Notices
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting in room C of the Union at 4:80 p. m., Sunday, January 7. New members must attend, others come for short time if at all possible. —HETTEJIA.
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Almost midway in the competition for annual interfraternity participation trophy, the battle for top honors has already developed into a tight battle. The ten top teams are bunched toegther with just twenty points from first to tenth. Standing at the top in the race p,o far is Phi Kappa Sigma with 206 points. Close on their heels are Phi Kappa Tau with 205 and Kappa Sigma with 204 points. Lambda Chi Alpha ranks fourth with 200 points, while Alpha Gamma Rho and Sigma Chi are tied for fifth and sixth with 196. Beta Theta Pi stands next with 192 points. Phi Delta Theta follows with 191; and Pi Kappa Alpha and Sigma Alpha Mu complete the top ten with 186 and 186 points respectively.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, January 6, by schools as follows: Students whose names being with A-B, room 129, EE building; F-Le, room 201 CE building; Li-R, room 101, Michael Golden Shops; S-Z, room 254, EE building, ‘ —KNAPP.
Scrivener Editorial Board: Final decision of freshman contest will be made Friday, January 6. Meet at 4:10 p. m. in the Scrivener office. —STEFFEE,
ROTC Code Class: ROTC code classes open to everyone interested in learning the code. Beginners class will meet on Tuesday, Thursday, and Friday from 4 to 6 p. m. Intermediate class will meet on Wednesday from 4 to 6 p, m. —BOYI,B,
Mortar Board: Meeting at 5:30 p. m. Friday, January 5. Attendance compulsory. —SAURER,
Exponent Juniors: uary 5, at 7 p. m.
Meeting Friday, Jan—FRED.
Aquacade Ticket-Sellers: All money and unsold tickets must be turned in to me this week. (1-7) —RISSER.
Sophomore Track Managers: Please report at the Fieldhouse Friday, January 6, at 4 p. m. —MANN.
Mixed Recreation: Everyone welcome to come at 7:80 p. m in the Women’s Gym on Friday, January 6. The following sports will be enjoyed: volleyball, shuffleboard, deck tennis, ping pong, and badminton. Swimming will coat 10 cents for men, but is free for co-eds. Tennis shoes must be worn in gym. —^MATHER. i
Scrivener Workers: Meet at office at 4 p. m. on Friday, January 6. Important. —SPRINGGATE.
POMM: Keys have arrived. It was impossible to arrange to take the cost out of the next paycheck Keys may be obtained by paying $1.50 to Miss Kane in the supply room. —REILEY.
Activities Bureau: Staff meeting Friday, January 5, at 4 p. m. for_ everyone. The sophomore committees are being temporarily rearranged. —^HOUSER.
Advanced Military Students: Advanced couise military students may obtain their pay checks in the main office of the Armory. Call for them at once. (1-8) —WISELOGEL.
Agriculturist Staff: Meeting of entire staff in Engineer office tonight, January 6, at 7:30. Important meeting. —BURBRINK.
/-M Schedules
BASKETBALL
Varsity Track: Meeting at 4:30 p. m. in room 107 of the Fieldhouse. Frosh meeting at 6 p. m. Friday, January 5. All teams for beginning practice, —PHILLIPS.
Classified Ads
Today Court 1^—Rechenbach 7 00—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 4. 7 :16—Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. 8 :00—Ward 5 vs. Ward 13. 8 16—Ward 12 vs. Ward 36. Court 2—Swing. 7 00—Cary Hall 7 vs. Cary Hall 6. 7 'IS—Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 14. 8:00—Ward 80 vs. Ward 27. 8 16—^Ward 7 vs. Ward 4. Court 3—Smithson. 7:00—Cary Hall 13 vs. Cary Hall 2. 7:16—Ward 10 vs. Ward 34. 8:00—Ward 25 vs. Ward 21. 8:16—Ward 24 vs. Ward 36.
Christian Science Organization: The regular meeting will be held Tuesday, January 9, in room C of the Union. —FRANTZREB.
FOR SALE
Pistol Team: All interested in trying out for the pistol team are asked to report to the Armory at 4 p. m. Tuesday, January 9. —CAPT. HOLMES.
FOR SALE-7-Typewrlters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $^.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT
RUSS’ RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.96—$2.60. All night.
Subscribe To The Exponent
LOST AND FOUND
FOUND—Money m front of Mechanical building. Call 2601. Fritz.
More than 650 pages will be included in the 1939-40 Debris according to the Debris business staff. This IS 100 pages more than last year’s book contained, which makes it the largest book that any staff has ever attempted to publish. The 100 extra pages will be used mainly for an increased snap shot section, in conjunction with the Debris’ slogan of “Complete Campus Coverage.” "Every person can and should have his picture in the new Debris,” according to John Van Horn, junior business manager. Pictures of yourself or of any other campus scene should be turned into the Debris snap shot contest. The best print of each month is printed in the Exponent, and all of the better pictures will be used in the Debris. Prints plus the negative and a description of the scene or names of photographed persons should accompany each entry. Debris reservation are still on sale for four dollars and 50 cents. The price will be increased to five dollars early in the second semester. The senior section is already completed.
Send us your cleaning for a really superior Job. Our careful process protects fabrics and insures extra wear. No cleaning odor or grease to annoy you either.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
4 ^
Turn Your ASSETS
Into CASH
by using the classified columns of the Purdue
Exponent. If you want to rent or sell something you can do it best thru—
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038