♦
T% J Purdue Z.1S5 ” /
Exponent
Volume 51, No. 41
Friday, October 27, 1939
E. W. Kolb, CE'95, Dies In New M General Hospital Alter Brief llln^
Held High Position In Signal Company E. Worth Kolb, CE ’95, ^ujd manager of commercial inspection tests for General Railway Signal Com,pany, died Tuesday in General Hospital, Rochester, N. Y., after a brief illness. x Kolb, native of Oxford, Ind., worked as deputy county surveyor in Benton county following his graduation from the University in 1895, and was then engaged in electrical engineering work in Oxford. For the next six years he was signal maihtainer and supervisor for Union Pacific Railroad. From this job he went to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and thence to the General Railway Signal Company, where he worked until a short time before his death.
E. W. Kolb
Meredith Club Plans Benefit Bridge Party Virginia C. Meredith Club, home economics organization, will sponsor a benefit bridge Thursday, November 2, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union building from 4 to 5:30. The party is being held to increase interest in the activities of the organization. If the attendance at this initial affair is sufficient to denote interest, these benefits will be held every other week. As announced by Dorothy Quinn, chairman in charge, a door prize will be awarded to the winner. Both co-eds and eds are invited to attend the benefit party, and they may either make up their own tables or enter alone. A small admission fee will be charged, the proceeds to be used to provide a fellowship for study in home economics. This year Benedicta and Alice Gongolves from Brazil are studying at Purdue on the scholarships given last year by the Virginia C. Meredith Club. Kappa Della Pi Name 15 To Education Honorary Kappa Delta Pi, education honorary society, announces the following pledges: V. E. Dietrich, W. H. Grice, Ruth Hall, Eleanor Haase, Marjorie Hoover, Caroline Scott, Helen Steffee, Julia Ann Williams, Joan Yeager, P. E. Keffaber, D. H. Mishler, J. W. Oberholtzer, P. E. 'Irick, H. Greenblatt, and H. K. Leshner. Initiation will take place at the night meeting on November 14. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the division of education and applied psychology, was the guest speaker at the regular meeting of Kappa Delta Pi in the Education building last evening. He addressed an audience of approximately 200 on the topic, “Training Teachers at Purdue.”
Co-eds! Are You Sophisticated, Innocent, Or Just Nice? Listen To Eds Good Advice!
By Donna Siess
“Oh, oh, here we/are in a woman’s lounge with 200 co-eds.” With these words Paul Cooper, Union president, and Herb Fishbum, Senate head, greeted the co-eds at WSGA Charm School held yesterday at 4 p. m. (
Paul, the dark, handsome, typical ed, opened the discussion by describing three classes into which the eds have divided the female interest of the campus. The first is that of the sophisticated type. This class really dotes on upswept hair and the latest in style. Then there is the sweet and innocent type—
ummm.
Egyptian Gal Lastly, when at a loss as to how to classify his date, a Purdue ed types her as “nice.” In comparison to these three favorable classes are the undesirables. The first in this group is the Egyptian harem girl. She looks, smells, and acts like a 10-cent store. The unkempt type is
Alumni To Hear Elliott, Ade Speak At Teachers' Convention Banquet Today
Pig, Cider Jug Are Prizes At First Hallowe'en Frolic One pig, live and squirming, will be presented to the person wearing the best costume at tonight’s first annual Hallowe’en Frolic, held in the Union ballroom at 9 o’clock. Masks are not required, but costumes either ghostly or of the Lil’ Abner type are in order. However, if co-eds insist, skirts and sweaters will pass.
There will be a jug of cider for a door prize; witches, jack-o-lanterns, and cemeteries for decorations. Harry McCrady’s band will furnish music and entertainment. The dance, which will start at nine oSclock, is sponsored by the Newman Club, Catholic student organization, and replaces the old Barnyard Frolic. The price of admission is the usual dollar, and tickets may be purchased at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Cary Halls, WRH, the Union desk, and at a table outside the Sweet Shop. The dance is strictly informal, but the wearing of shoes is
strongly advised.
WSGA Sophomore Training School Opens November 1 Sophomores’ training school, sponsored by WSGA, will hold its first meetings in room C of the Union at 4 p. m.' on November 1 and 2. Doris Gamble, head of office committee, and Bonita House, activities committee chairman, will have charge of the general discussion which will concern their com-
mittees.
Sophomore co-eds who attend the training school are chosen according to their scholastic index and will be divided into two groups. These groups will meet twice a week for the next two months, thus providing ample opportunity to sophomores to work on committees and to learn about the general organization and activities of WSGA. The following committee heads will have charge of future meetings and will discuss their respective committees: November 8 and 9, Ruth Hall, vocational guidance, and Margaret Mitchell, residence committee; November 15 and 16, Mariana Wilson, elections; Margaret Sour6r, transfer students’ committee; Libby Barmes, freshman orientation; December 1 and 2, Treva Berry, social committee, and Mary Jane Carr, faculty student rela-
tions.
Murphy, Hall Will Speak For Off Campus Groups Two members of the faculty will be speaking before off - campus groups Monday when Prof. C. B. Murphy of the history department will address the Monticello Kiwanis Club on “Mein Kampf,” and Professor Hall will speak to agricultural staffs on “The Eui'bpean Situation” at their monthly meeting in the facility lounge of the Union. Professor Murphy will also speak before the sociology section of the Northern Indiana Teachens’ Association in South Bend. His subject on this occasion will be “High Lights of the History of the South.” Affiliation . . . services were held yesterday by Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority for Betty Pickard, transfer from the University of Arkansas, and Jean Skinner, Indiana University transfer student. A special dinner in honor of the affiliates followed the ceremony.
characterized by stringy, dirty hair, baggy\ sweaters, and dirty, sloppy shoes. Then there’s the college girl who is always jumping around and talking without saying anything of importance. Among the necessities for the “Qualities for a Perfect Co-ed” is that of a good carriage. The eds definitely taboo the “debutante slouch” so typical of our co-eds. Don’t Look Bored It seems that fellows still feel as if they should show gallantry. So, girls, if you would please them, let them open doors for you, carry your books, light y_our cigarettes, and the other courtesies usually performed by the males. Above all, don’t look bored. Rememljer it is the girl’s place to speak first.
The fraternity pin situation was also discussed by our male advisors. The meaning of a fraternity pin is entirely up to the couples involved. But, as a warning, don’t take a pin for granted. Don’t ask about wedding bells if he is thinking of a
Saturday night date.
Herb Fishburn also divulged some very helpful advice. He stated that perhaps the biggest gripe the eds have is the lack of appreciation 'of our co-eds. He suggested that some token of appreciation by girls would be in order. Herb also stated, “It’s the boy’s place to suggest trading ^ dances. Don’t look hurt, girls, if he does. You’ll probably have a much better time with the other fellow anyway.” /
Babooshkas Taboo/
It was suggested that -n^thes be picked for becomingness and not for style. As a hint, the fellows dislike the new football socks. Maybe you didn’t realize it, co-eds, but when fellows see a babooshka, they always look for the rake and hoe
to go with it.
* Cheer up, girls, it’s really not so bad. At least, the eds don’t call us golddiggers. But don’t let it go to
your heads.
Following the discussion on charm, freshman co-eds elected Jane Arnold and Alice Chatfield to serve as freshman representatives to the executive board of WSGA.
Tuesday Is Monthly Deadline In Debris Snapshot Contest Tuesday, October 31, at 6 p. m. is the absolute deadline for entry of snapshots in the monthly Debris snapshot contest, the winner of which will be awarded a 1940 Debris. All pictures mu^ be of campus coverage and must be accompanied with negatives and all pei’tinent data, such as names, date taken, where taken, owner’s name, and telephone number, etc. There is no limit to the number of pictures which may be submitted by any one person. Comparatively few entries have been submitted for the current month; consequently the chances for winning this present contest are greatly increased. Entries before Tuesday will suffer less competition than those entered later. Entries are to be placed in the box provided in the Debris office in the Union. Glider Club . . . accepted the following new members at a meeting last night: Howard Eckert, Oliver Heid, J. P. Katz, Dick McCracken, and James Barnitz.
Alumni of the University who are now teaching in Indiana public schools and who are attending the annual state teachers' convention which is being held in Indianapolis this week-end will attend the annual Purdue banquet to be held tonight at 5:30 in the Columbia Club in Indianapolis, announced Prof. George Davis, head of the University teacher placement service. At least 500 persons are expected to attend. The list of speakers for the occasion is composed of President E. C. Elliott, George Ade, ’87, illustrious playwright and author; Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, famous woman engineer and professor of management at the University; and Dean Stanley Coulter, former dean of men and also former dean of the school of science. Meredith Nicholson, minister to Nicaragua, and Mrs. Nicholson will be the special guests of the evening. Nicholson is a friend of President Somoza of Nicaragua, who visited Nfce University last May. John Wheeler, Crown Point, University trustee, will preside as toastmaster for the program. The University Men’s Gllee Club in full dress will swing from a stage which has been especially constructed to place the singers in view of the entire audience. The program, which was prepared by the University Alumni Club of Indianapolis working with Professor Davis, will be broadcast over WIRE, Indianapolis, from 6:30 until 7:30, and for 15 minutes over the NBC-Blue network.
Fraternity Pie Eating Rivalry
Tickets On Sale Co-ed Honorary To Be Renewed At 4:15 Today
At Sweet Shop For Hutton Mixer
Tickets for the Saturday night mixer for which Ina Ray Hutton, “the Blonde Bombshell of Rhythm,” and her all male orchestia will furnish the music, may still be purchased from the desk in the hall in
front of the sweet shop.
The ducats which bear a picture of “the Blonde Bombshell” are priced- at the legular price of one
dollar.
The 23-yeai-old band leader, who is famous for, among other things, her platinum blonde hair, has experienced a lifetime of show business. She is a veteran of the stage, screen, and follies. Her more important engagements have been in the Chez Paree in Chicago and Palais Royale m New York. Her method of conducting her Playboys is similar to that of Cab Calloway.
Will Pay Homage To John Purdue Obsei'vance of John Purdue’s
birthday will be made by Mortar Board, senior co-ed activity honorary, next Tuesday, October 31, at 7 a, m. A memorial service will .be held and a wreath placed on his grave in front of University Hall. After the service members of the oiganization will have breakfast in
the Union.
Mortar Board members will sell chrysanthemums before the Homecoming game with Iowa on November 4. Treva Berry and Betty Wickard are co-chairmen in charge
of the sales.
Members of the organization may be recognized on the campus by the gold suede jackets which they wear. The national insignia, a black felt mortar board, will be stitched on the back of the jackets when they arrive within the next week.
Religious Week Speakers
By Gordon Fletcher With 12 gooey, face-staining blueberry pies as their goal, six lucky Pi Kappa Alpha freshmen alortg with the “Hungry Six” from the Pi Kappa Phi fraternity will eat for the honor of their fraternities today in the annual pie eating contest between the two houses. To Be Broadcast The contest, scheduled to start promptly at 4:15 p. m.’, will take place, for the main part, on the front steps of the Union. Bill “Bucket” Adams and Hank Miller will give a bite-by-bite description of the battle to be broadcast over WBAA. Time layout for the contest is as follows: at 4:15 sharp, the 12 frosh will race from the corner of State and Grant to the main entrance of the Union, where they will remove every trace of pie set before them from the table and plate, using only mouth and face as utensils. Contestants will then race back to the starting corner, placing in the order of arrival. Workouts Held Both teams are keyed up to fighting pitch by intensive workouts during the past week. Pi Kappa Phi boys, coached by Paul Edwards, have been training by having pracPIA Tea Dancefs To Hear
tice races. A final contest was run last night to determine the starting team. Pi Kappa Alpha coach Bill Adams has had his boys training on chocolate and pumpkin pies for the past week and claims his team is in top shape. None of the traditional pre-con-test gloom was apparent in either house last night with both coaches confiderit of victory and predicting that the pie tin trophy will be above their fireplaces tonight. Secret strategy is to be used by both teams. Contest lineups are as follows:
Pi K A Duncan Sheurell Whitset Balog Kennard Walsh
Pi K Phi Madory Raney Morgan Baughman Armstrong Swaim
Befa Sigma Psi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: P. R. Bussing, Fort Wayne; C. O. Geiger, Dayton, O.; R. P. Gerke, Port Wayne; H. R. Hanson, Chicago, 111,; E. O. Nordsiek, Chicago, 111.; L. N. Lense, Chicago, HI.; N. E. Marozick, Des Plaines, 111.; A. R. Pastrick, South Bend; P. E. Schnedler. Port Wayne; M. L. Shook, Auburn; E. C. Truman, Elmore, O.
Scores Of Tomorrow's Till Wesley Fikindation
Reverend Leiper
Reverend Palmer
Rev. Henry Smith, Leiper, executive secretary of the American section of the Universal Christian Council and foreign secretary of the Federal Council of the Churches of Christ in America, is another outstanding personality that has accepted a position on the “visiting faculty” for Religiops Emphasis Week. Another featured speaker will be Rev. Albert W. Palmer, author of several books on religion and international relations. “The Human Side of Hawaii,” and “Drift Toward Religion” are two of the better known. Several trips to Japan and the Orient, Europe, the British Isles, Egypt, Palestine, and Greece have been made by Reverend Palmer. He resided in Hawaii and served for a time with the YMCA in Siberia.
Dancing to the recording of name bands at a PIA tea dance from 3 to 5 Saturday afternoon in the Union ballroom, students will be able to hear the scores of the West Coast game as they are received. An admission of 10 cents will be charged all ed non-members, co-eds being admitted free of charge. Dr. H. H. Remmers ... of the division of education and applied psychology and director of the division of education reference, left Wednesday for New York to attend the state testing leaders’ conference under the auspices of the American Council on Education in connection with the educational conference of the Educational Records Bureau. Dr. Remmers is program chairman of the state testing leaders’ conference.
Wesley Foundation will hold its first roller skating party of the year tomorrow at 9 p. m. Refreshments will be served before skating begins, which will start at about 10:30 p. m. and will last until midnight. Tickets, which are 25 cents, are free to each person who drives a car and will transport other students.
HALLOWE’EN It should be understood that any Hallowe’en rioting on the part of students will not be condoned by the University. Notice is now given that any student of the University guilty of parties pation in any rush rioting or any damage to property will not be considered as eligible to remain in the University. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT. PresidentTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 27, 1939
Jumhf. JalL Take Time Out To Read “Engineering ? Certainly, Purdue oifers excellent courses in all technical subjects. But what can we do to get that general education which is so essential for success in any profession?” Time after time we have heard this question, and there can be little doubt that it is one of great importance. But is it the University’s fault, as so many of us like to put it, that we are not given the time or the opportunity to complete our education in that direction? The main purpose of our being “students” is to gain knowledge. We should realize that anyone who wants knowledge must have the energy to look for it and to absorb it wherever he can find it. We have all passed the age at which we used to think that learning must be done for the teacher’s sake, and not for our own benefit. One of the most powerful tools for acquiring what is generally called “culture” is reading— reading of the right kind of literature. It was for the purpose of helping us to locate such literature that the browsing room in the Union Building was established in 1936. If you are a frequent visitor of the browsing room you haye probably noticed the small collection of books labjclled “Dr. Elliott’s Five Pound Library,” located on the shelves to the right of the entrance. In case you have not as yet read any of these volumes a brief description of the collection will be of interest to you. It was created by President Elliott in 1936.His intention in doing so w#s to provide the students with an opportunity to acquaint themselves with some of the great work of literature. The New Testament, on which to a great extent our modern civilization is based will be found first on this list of famous books. It is followed by “Hamlet,” probably the greatest work of the greatest English poet. (It is too common a misconception among us students that Shakespeare should not be read outside the classroom!) Of the well-known American writers both Emerson and Walt Whitman are represented; the former with an essay on “Compensation” and the latter with “Leaves of Grass,” the collection of his poems. How many of us have ever heard of John Stuart Mill as a writer? The well-known 19th century economist had an outstanding ability in this field. The group of essays in Dr. Elliott’s library are particularly interesting for their brilliant logic. Another book, entitled “On the Humanization of Science” is of particular interest to us as future scientists and engineers. It tells us about the changed attitude of mankind towards science. The author advocates that science should be humanized and human thought made more rational and scientific. A volume of Robert Browning’s plays is also included, and finally a collection of Tolstoy’s short stories, well known to many of us but always worth re-reading. Knowledge of these books will be a step forward in the solution of our original problem: the acquisition of a general education.
But Incidentally— By Petrov The subject for discussion this morning, class, is one of singular interest to trailblazers, pioneers, and students of natural phenomena. It concerns the painted concrete floors of the Civil Building. On the second floor of this building there is a passageway connecting the old and the new sections. This passageway takes a right angle turn at one point, and it is here that we focus our attention. On the floor at this turn there is a very clearly defined arc of depainted concrete, about a foot wide and three feet long, where students bank around the curve roughshod. We thought we would check up on the nudity of the floor so we stood there for five minutes, and EVERY passerby took the corner right along this well-worn arc, though the hall is about five feet wide. It was a beautiful example of the sheep instinct. * * And it indicates either that Civils are sheep, or that the shortest distance between two points is the route of a student. Jk * If you doubt the latter theory, just take a look at_ the south end of “Hello” walk. There used to be a sign on the grass fronting the end of the walk. The sign told people to protect their campus, but eventually pedestrians wore the sign down in their continual passage across the grass. That’s OUR explanation of the fact that nothing is there now, grass OR sign. * * Hey, you pranksters, a new game has been discovered. You go into the reserve book room of the Library, _sit down at one of the tables with a drawer, taking care not to sit on the drawer side of the table. As soon as someone sits down opposite you the trap is set. "You make sure that victim is absorbed in study, and (then you quickly reach under the table, grab the end of the drawer, and push it swiftly away from you. It catches the opponent right in the tummy, as his gasp will prove. You finish the game by idly thumbing through your book as he glares at you resentfully.
It’s sort of silly, but so are the drawers in the tables
Speaking of silliness we like the line in yesterday’s Exponent that announces that the Mil Ball band “will be made public very shortly.”
Heck, guys, let’s keep it in the family,
Purdue Exponent R. E. Insley Editor-in-CMel W. E. Smith...;...! Busineas Manager Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business, 5038; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922.
Ward II includes girls living on North Grant and east and north of Northwestern and State street. Ward III consists of girls living south of State street. Ward IV is made up of all girls who live in Lafayette and in nearby counties. Subscribe To The Exponent
IT’S A RIOTOUS ROMANCE when Zorina, the dancing angel of “I Married An Angel,” and Eddie Albert, the comedy lad of “Brother Rat,” get together in “On Your Toes” coming to the Mars today and tomorrow.
(jjaCL TbuvA. Finals in the mixed doubles and singles tennis tournament are ready to be played. Those remaining in the tournament are Ruth Walker and Shirley Emhoff, singles; Mary Mather and Richards, June Spry and Murphy, mixed doubles.
There will be mixed recreation tonight at 7:30. Group games in volleyball, badminton, ping pong, and shuffleboard will be played. Swimming for co-eds and their dates only. There ■will be a 10-cent
fee for men. Everyone must wear tennis shoes. —waa— Riflery practices are now being held for the intramural riflery tournament December 11. Six practices are required before December 7 for eligibility in the contest. A cup will be awarded to the winning group-at the completion of the tournament. There is no charge for the sport. —waa— West Lafayette and Lafayette have been divided into four wards for all intramural activities: Ward I is made up of unorganized girls living on State street. Northwestern avenue, and all north and west of these streets.
TODAY-SATURDAY
tV»e
rut
EXTRA
I
Vi""f"
Friday, Octolqiir 27, 1939
£xpofuunL fiaqiL
3 #
■
I'f •
Riveters Reach Coast; Play Broncs Tomorrow Worn and weary from their tiring 2,500-mile cross country jaunt, 38 Boilermakers will disembark at San Francisco at about 9 o’clock this morning and set about the difficult task of getting in physical and mental shape to meet the dangerous Santa Clara eleven in Kezar Stadium tomorrow afternoon. As the Boilermaker gridders bat- ■■■■—
tie the Broncos, they will he facing their third opponent within four weeks that is coached by a Notre Dame graduate. Coach Buck Shaw, Santa Clara mentor for the past three years, played tackle in the Rockne era at the South Bend school. Since becoming head coach of the Broncos, Shaw has led the coast school to 33 victories out of 26 games, including a 16-game winning streak. He is affectionately called “Silver Fox,” more because of his craftiness in outwitting opposing coaches than because of his gray hair. Shaw uses the Notre Dame system almost entirely. Like Elmer
Layden he employs a two-unit system with two full teams alternating quarters. Tomorrow’s game, the first battle on the West Coast for a Riveter team and the first time that a Big Ten team has played in San Francisco, promises to be one of the outstanding intersectional clashes of the year, especially because of the fact that both teams use the Notre Dame system. Kezar Stadium, scene of tomorrow’s encounter, is located in San Francisco, 44 miles from the Santa Clara campus. This stadium is well known all over the country since the annual New Year’s Day charity East-West game is played there.
The Scorecard Our scorecard is a little late this week so we hope that you’ve got your predictions all ready to put down on paper. The list below is one of the toughest set of games to pick that scorecard fans have faced: PURDUE SANTA CLARA Iowa Wisconsin Illinois Northwestern Cornell Ohio State Yale Michigan Notre Dame .... Carnegie Tech Mississippi State .... Alabama Alabama Poly Georgia Tech .. Louisiana . . .. Vanderbilt Mississippi Tulane Rice Texas Baylor ^ Texas A & M Pittsburgh Fordham Dartmouth Harvard Georgia.. New York U Clemson Navy So. California CaliforniaWashington State.... Oregon State.... Oregon UCLA Stanford Washington
Kappa Sig's Annex Softball Crown Bronco Buster Alpha Gamma Rho'sLose lit Final Garhe For Fourth Straight Year
Superb Cleaning You'll find your clothes exquisitely cleaned and pressed to perfection. We keep rigid inspection to maintain our constant high quality and super service.
Northwestern Avenue at Vine
Dick Potter, veteran Boilermaker tackle, who has turned in excellent performances while playing the major part of the Riveters’ first three games, will undoubtedly be in the opening lineup against the Santa Clara Broncos at San Francisco tomorrow and will probably be a definite factor in the success of the Boilermaker contingent.
A play-by-play account of the Purdue-Santa Clara football game will be broadcast by telegraphic report from WBAA beginning at 4:30 tomorrow afternoon. Malcolm Ross and Joe Mihal will be the announcers on this broadcast which is part of the series of sports broadcasts WBAA is making this year. The game is also being broadcast by KFRC, a 5,000-watt station in San Francisco.
Cross Country Team Meets Wisconsin At Madison Tomorrow Still on the trail of their first dual meet victory of the season, the Boilermaker cross country team will journey to Madison, Wis., today to prepai’e for their contest to-;^ morrow morning with the Wisconsin Badgers. The Riveter squad has shown fine form in their first two meets, although they lost to Pitt and Indiana. Two Aces Meet Feature attraction of the meet Will be the duel between Ed Holderman, ace Riveter distance man who IS undefeated so far this season, and Walt Mehl, Badger star who has also won all his contests. Mehl, a senior, has been burning up midwestern cinder tracks in the distance events for the past two years. Holdei’man, Boilermaker junior,Tias been threatening the supremacy of Mehl and other Big Ten stars. ^ Six Make Trip Six Riveters will make the trip to Madison. In addition to Holderman, Coach Phillips will take Shulman,' Reeves, Jarvis, Ybimg, and White. Gaulke is still unable to compete because of an infection. Wisconsin’s strong combination beat Indiana two weeks ago. In addition to Mehl ,the Badgers have Foxx, who finished second to Mehl against the Hoosiers, and Buxton, who won the Big Ten outdoor half mile last spring.
means
and HENTi That is why the ON CAFETE specializes in
HOLESOME FOOD that is Enjoyable TO EAT and
SATISFYING to Remember JfuL fijuJvdwL ^nijirntyuaL lAjnhtL The Corner of the Campus^ Yet the Center of Activities
Suffering the fate which has befallen the Cincinnati Reds, the Chicago Cubs, and the other National League teams who have fallen before the all-mighty New York Yankees during the past four World’s Series, the Alpha Gamma Rho’s went down to defeat before a strong Kappa Sigma ten yesterday afternc/on, losing in the final game of the fraternity softball playoff for the fourth consecutive year. Led by diminutive Fred Kroft, who allowed the Alpha Gams only four hits and who was solely responsible for one of the runs by virtue of a hard hit home run, the Kappa Sig’s took advantage of their nine hits to win by the decisive score of 6-1. The Kappa Sig’s began the fireworks by lambasting pitcher Hurst of the losing team for two runs by three clean hits in the first half of the first inning. Pitcher Hurst tightened up during the second inning to retire the three men facing him in order. In the third inning, Kroft, the winning hurler, helped his own cause along by swinging hard at a high pitched ball to send it soaring over the head of left fielder Brooks for a home run. The AGR’s retaliated in their half of the third inning by scoring their lone tally of the game off a single by Swain and a hard hit double (his second of the day) by Don Paarlberg. Set off with a hit by Burnside, who had a perfect day at the plate, the Kappa Sig’s took advantage of the weakening arm of Hurst by scoring three more runs in the fourth inning. Kroft retired th€ last three Alpha Gamma Rhos in order to retire the side and give the Kappa Sig’s the win, 6-1. Neither pitcher allowed a single free pass during the entire game. Dr. R. A, Carr ... of the ag chemistry depaid;ment, speaking on “Farming in Kangaroo County,” will address the Agronomy Club this evening at 7 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. Dr. Carr spent last year in Australia and hence will be able to give first-hand information regarding the subject. Freshman ags and agronomy students are invited to attend. /-M Schedules TOUCHBALL,—Today Field Official Reschednied Games 2— Delta Chi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Greey 3— Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. Brinduse 4— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Alpha I^ppa . Smithson 5— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Nu Papurca 6— Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. Mann Regular Games 7— Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 9. Chaffee 8— Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary HaU 4. McGrath 9— Cary HaU 6 vs. Cary HaU 1. Luce 10— Cary HaU 2 vs. Cary HaU 5. Leppla 11— Cary HaU 11 vs. Cary Hall 7. Close 12— Cary HaU 10 vs. Cary HaU 13. Juillard
B & W SHOE CO.
121 North Fourth St.
01E PLACER :WHERE men' FIND FORTUNESK
m
. ^ ^'kV ‘,.’ • - i-
5 ;r! ' Y‘ t \ i- ^''
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. October 27. 1939
Chi Epsilon
)«brii scheduled for We^esday, More details later. \
November 1. —HARRIS.
. . . still remaining for the Homecoining battle with Iowa here on Saturday, November 4, have been placed on sale at the ticket office in the Fieldhouse, as well as at Decker’s, Dear’s, and'Southworth’s. Because of the heavy advance demand for tickets, a near sell-out is expected, but ticket manager C. S. Doan announced yesterday that there aie still plenty of good seats available, paiticularly on the east side of the stadium
. . . national civil engineering honorary, announces the pledging of the following men: Seniors: L.W. Smith, R.Li. Reiley, H. Harrington, R. C. Kany, A. D. Topping, L. A. Luth, J. R. Wood, C. C. Allison, W. D. Shillinger, D. L. Brubeck, and R. H. Turnbell. Juniors: L. B. McCammon and C. H. Myers.
, Lutheran Students Club: An important meeting will be held In room C of the Union Sunday, October 29, at 7:30 p. m All Lutheran students who are affiliated with the St James Church in Lafayette are cordially invited to attend. (10-29) —ALEXANDER
Fraternity Presidents* Council: Assessments of 75c per man living in your houses^ for fire and police protection must be paid' to Grosh, Phi Kappa, by November J.. Please attend to this matter. (11-1) —CATTERALL.
Forensic Managers: Meeting at 4 p m. Friday, October 27, in room 308, University Hall Attendance is compulsory for all sophomore managers —McKNIGHT.
YWCA Office Committee: All those interested in working on the office committee attend the meeting in the Women’s lounge of the Union building Friday, October 27, at 4 p. m. —WOEFFLB.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, October 30, at 8 p. m in rooiff F of the Union. All actives be there on time. Pledges report at 8:30. —REILEY.
Union: Meeting of music room staff in Union office Friday, October 27, at 4 p. m —TILT
NOTICES
Exponent Associate Editors: Meeting of all associate editors Saturday afternoon, October 28, in the Exponent office. —DEHOOG
Scabbard and Blade: All members fall out in dress uniform at 4:20 p m., Friday, October 27, at flagpole in oval for retreat ceremony —OLSON.
Classified Ads
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
FOR RENT
FOR RENT—^Nice modern single room. Quiet 420 Evergreen Phone 55034
Union Staff: Meeting at 4 p m , Friday, October 27, in room F of the Union. The following are expected to be present' Meredith Kirkpatrick, Marjorie Fink, Iris Baum gartner Helen Cooper, Tad Stiers, Mary Lee, Elroy Neate, L J Thomas, C. R Schmidt, Harold Peterson, Rex Mayfield, Bob Hawkinson Jack Ely, and Bob Adams If unable to be present contact me before 4pm —BRODD
Phi Lambda Epsilon: Formal pledging at 4 '15 p m Friday, October 27, in Chem 106 Party will be held night of initiation —HALL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Friday, October 27, at 4:30 p. m. in room C of the Union New members will be initiated. There will be a short program. ’ —SHICKEL.
POMM Pledges and Actives: Those desiring keys sign list on bulletin board immediately Keys are $1 50 and can be paid for out of next pay check (10-31) -REILEY.
FOR SALE
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 75. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoil, 605 Main Street.
Purdue Engineer: There will be an important meeting of the freshman staff Friday, October 27, at 7 p m —SQUIRES
YWCA Cabinet: Cabinet meeting on Friday, October 27, at 4 p m. in the office All members please be present —COOLEY.
Military Seniors: The following War Department training films will be shown on Friday, October 27, and Tuesday, October 31, at 4 p. m. in room 104 of the Armory: TF 37, 'The Roles, Capabilities, and Limitations of Combat Vehicles of the Mechanized Cav These films are shown in connection with the course in tactics; attendance IS optional —THOMPSON.
WAA Field Hockey: Open practice at 4pm every day. (10-28) —FRAZIER
Wesley Players: Men are needed for production staff. Students interested in staging call Walter Kettenring, 8435; those wanting on the lighting crew call Lucky Godbey, 2663. Women are needed fof make-up committee Call Marjorie Hoover. (10-29) —McFADDEN
LOST AND FOUND
REMOVED from Union office Saturday, black two clasped Corona case and type writer Reward Robert Hoffer
Mixed Recreation: Every Fiiday night beginning at 7 30 o'clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen A variety of sports are offered including swimming All persons must wear lubber soled shoes Everyone welcome —MATHER
LOST—Leather jacket on Monday in room 106, Chem bldg Finder call 6294. Reward John Cooper
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to engineering lectures will report Saturday October 28, by schools, as follows A-E, room 129, EE building, F-Le, room 201, Civil Engineering building , Li R, room 101 Michael Golden Shops, S-Z, room 254, EE building —KNAPP
MISCELLANEOUS
HELP M ANTED—Eds and co-eds see Rex Huff 8-9 p m , 306 Russell
Alpha Phi Omega: Executive committee meeting Sunday evening, October 29, in loom A of the Union at 7 30 ' —McCAMMON
WAA Intramural Riflery: Permanent schedule' Monday, 6 30, Waid 1,7, Coedda, Glenwood ; 7 '30, The Glables, Otter-be-inn , 8, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega; 8 '30, Kappa Tuesday, 6:30, Ward 2, Theopholus 13; 7, Collegiana, Theta, 7 :30, Alpha Xi Delta, WRH West, 8, Chi Omega 8 30, Pi Phi Wednesday, 6 '30, Riley House, SHE. House, Ward 3; 7, Ann Tweedale, Brockway Co-op , 7 .30, WRH South , 8, Thaeles ; 8 30, Phi Mu Thursday, 6 '30, Ward 4, Twin Pines; 7, Pedalion, WRH North (10-31) —HARRISON.
Mechanical Engineering Students: All who expect to graduate prior to February, 1941, are expected to take the senior engineering inspection trip this fall (11-1) —YOUNG.
CE 41: An examination for the removal of C and I grades will be held in room 208, CE building, from 1 to 4 p. m. on Saturday, October 28 •—GREVE.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting in room C of the Union building on Monday evening, October 80, at 7 .30 Rev. Ainslie will be the speaker —BURBRINK.
You Save 20c when you EAT AT TOM'S
FRaOAY LUNCHEON SPECIAL Boneless Deep Sea Perch 25c
Across from Armory
CARMEL CRISP Hot Roasted Peanuts ICE CREAM BARS
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
MEN^S AND LADIES' COATS RELINED AND SHORTENED ALTERED AND REPAIRED A. G. MOSER, TAILOR
421 FERRY STREET
OFFERING
GREATEST VALUm
mmmm
YEA! PURDUE-FOR WORK or PLAY, SHOP at SEARS and SAVE
Mackinaw Coat
Heavy 33 oz. 32 in. Length.
Friday and Saturday only
A Leadership Value
Corduroy
H
69
Slacks jg g) (?r 20-in. bottoms. This price lasts two days only.
Outstanding value, exceptionally warm. Double breasted. All wool, navy blue. ^Fancy pinch back. 3 piece belt.
1.98
Plaids $4.98
Shape-retaining ties that look twice this low price.
Assortment
of patterns nnt
and colors.
For campus wear, Sears’ Cords are the best. Reinforced strain points, unbreakable buttons, plain colors and plaids.
Sears' Fine Leather Jackets
None Better
.89
Full cut and fine leather Jacket . . Double proof of its extra value. Handy pocket. Bide fastener front, sport back. Choice of suede or brown capeskin
Others $6.95
•rfj
Men's Slippers A Real Value at
Men's Wool Sweaters
Real comfort in these famous Everett Style Slippers. Hard soles.
Others 49c to $1.98
Work or
Play $1-98
Your good fortune to get such a fine wool sweater at this low price. Popular coat style. Colors brown or gray. Others 98c
SANDY NEVINS Oxfords
Our best quality, yet priced so low.
SMS
For the styleminded men, “Sandy Nevins” cannot be beat. In new campus styles. See Sears first.
Sizes 6-11
Buffalo Check Shirts
1.98
A dashing wool flanneljust the ticket for out-door men. Good and warm. Last 2-Day Special.
Men's Dress Oxfords
r of
The best we have ever offered at this low price
.98 The Talk
of the Town
Sizes 6-11
Goodyear welt, double leather soles, only feign to tell the story of their fine value. Get them .these last two days iat this low price. ^Sandy Nevins $3.15
Third and South Sts; Phone 4039
EBUCK AND CO
Free parking lot directly across the street from our store.
SEARS SELL ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING TOTALING $10 OR MORE ON THE EASY PAYMENT PLAN
/
Conditions in M.E. 31: An exAminatlon for the removal of conditions in M. E. 81 will be held in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering building commencing at 1 p. m. Saturday, Uecember 9, 1939. Those wishing to thke the examination must make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 2, 1989. (11-2) —MESSBRSMITH
EB Juniors and Seniors: Only members as of October 28 can be included in the AIEE Debris picture. Sign up how in the main office of the EE
Co-eds: All co-eds interested' in WAA archery tournament meet at range at, 4 o’clock Thursday, October 27. or Monda!^, October 80. —MOREHOUSE.
Cancellations: Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, October 28. Cancellation cards are obtainable from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. Assignments may be cancelled without grade after October 28 If properly approved by the department concerned and by the Dean of Men. —DEAN OF MEN.
Novice Pistol: The fourth novice pistol grroup will start on Tuesday, October 81. Students desiring to fire this course may sign in Supply room between 8 ^ m. and 6 p. m. ’—OAPT. HOLMES.
Outing Club: Hayride scheduled for Friday, October 27, has been cancelled. A night hike October 30 will replace it Call G^rge Shawkins or Marjorie Ward before Friday, October 28, for reservations. —SHAWKINS.
Purdue Engineer Subscribers: All those who have not paid deferred subscriptions please do so before November 1. Leave money at Engineer office or at the east desk of the Union. (11-1) —LANTZ.
Mixed Recreation: Every Friday night beginning at eight o’clock and sponsored by the Purdue Sportswomen. A_ variety of sports are offered including swimming. Everyone welcome. (10-27) —MATHER,
TRIPLE XXX FRUIT MARKET
Pure Apple Cider 25c gallon (no preservative) 10c deposit on jugs Special price by the barrel Delicious Applies-^—8 lbs. for 25c Winesaps—10 lbs. for 25c
12 Salisbury
Open Evenings
Phone 3424
BARGAINS FROM YOUR BAKERY
The Lightest, best flavored cup-cakes a hungry man ever set his teeth info. . . .
GRAVES QUALHY BAKERY
Phone 3832 124 State, W. L. “Caleringf to Fraternities find Sororities*
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK dth & Mam Phono 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 1191/2 Vine W. Lafayette Phone 4965
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St Phone 4354
• Dine
• Tin Shop
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 AAain St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of All Descrifjtions 104 Main St. Phone 6852
• Tailor
• Jewelers
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dairy Products
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050