I .A
! I H'i
1
®he Purilue ’Sxoanetit
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 4, 1936
Indiana High School Debaters Convene Here
Seventh Annual
Conference Will
Begin Today
With advance reseirvations already received from over 68 high school groups scattered all over the state, a record-breaking crowd of well over 600 is assured for the seventh annual Indiana High School Debate conference which will open V here at the University today. Registration will start at noon today in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building, finishing with necessary details m the reception room. Coaches Will Register In order that the confusion of former years may be avoided by asking each member of the conference to sign, the coach in charge will register for the entire group. Buttons identifying the wearer as a member of the conference, will be given each visiting student. At the same time banquet tickets will be given to those who have made reservations, besides free copies of the Purdue Exponent. With the much-discussed question of public utility ownership slated as the main topic for discussion Saturday morning, the crowd at the conference is expected to be swelled by the attendance of midwestern leaders in the utility field, a number of whom have already indicated intention of making a special trip here by airplane. Debate The formal conference program will open tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall with an intercollegiate debate between Purdue and Illinois. District meetings for members of the Indiana High School Debate ^League will bring the afterndbii’s ^ogram to a close. Prof. P. E. Lull, head of the speech department, will be the toastmaster (Continued on page '')
WRH Will Present
Formal ‘Star Dust
Dance’ Tomorrow
WRH will hold its annual Pall Formal at the Residence Hall tomorrow night. With the music of Ken Ebershoff’s twelve-piece orchestra the “Star Dust Dance” will begin at 9 o’clock and last until 12. Supper will be served in the dining room at two different hours: at 11 and at 12, enabling early diners to dance after eating. Georgeanna Baker, WRH social chairman, and the following committee are making arrangements for the dance: Barbara Sweeney, Althea Jorgeson, Elizabeth Barmes, and Mary Ed Johnston.
at the
December the 11 th
Debate Team
Meets Illinois
Here Today
Purdue Negatives Face Visitors In Fowler Hall
At 2:30 p. m. This afternoon at 2:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, Illinois University’s affirmative debate team will oppose the negative team of Purdue on the question. Resolved: That all electrical utilities should be govemmentally owned and operated. At the conclusion of the debate which will be presided over by Professor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of enginering. Dr. C. C. Cunningham, director of forensics at Northwestern University, will give the critique and analysis. The speakers on the affirmative are George Cemy and William Burt, who have been selected by Professor A. D. Huston, their coach, as the best debaters in Illinois University. The negative team is made up of R. P. Royster and C. R. Pettigrew, both of whom are seniors and four-year debaters.
Rabbi Silver
To Speak At Sunday Convo
Choir To Furnish Muscat Program For IteHgious Meeting '
Dr. Abba Hillel Silver, an author, preacher, and lecturer of national recognition will return to the campus Sunday to speak on “The Human Yearning For Other Horizons,” at the wor^ip convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall at 10:30 a. m. * According to Professor Lawrence Hadley, chairman of the University committee on religious programs. Dr. Sliver was one of the most popular speakers of last year’s worship convocations. Choral Selections Musical arrangements for the University choir which will appear at the convocation have been announced by A. P. Stewart, choir director. The anthem preceding the address will be “God Is Our Refuge And Strength.” The closing selection will be “Cast Thy Burden Upon The Lord,” taken from the oratorio “Elijah,” by Mendelssohn. George Osborn of Rochester, sophomore in the school of pharmacy, will open the program with a 15minute organ recital.
AIEE To Hear
Two Lectures
Stanley Green, chief engineer of the Duncan Electrical Company, Lafayette, and W. R. Hardman, of the University mathematics department, are scheduled to speak at the joint meeting of the Purdue student branch and the central Indiana section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers at 7:30 tonight in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Green will talk on “New Inventions In Watthour Meters” while Hardman’s subject is “Stringed Figrures.”
Reedy To Talk At Radio Club Meetiug
At a meeting of the Radio Club tonight at 7:30 in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building, Paul Reedy, of the school of electrical engineering, will discuss antenna systems. The talk will be concerned with antenna types applicable to ama teur use and with the latest developments in matching networks
Forencist
Dr. C, C. Cunningham, director of forensics at Northwestern University, who will give a brief critique and brief analysis of the Pur-due-Illinois debate in Eliza Fowler Hall this afternoon at 2:30 .
Union To Give Broadcast
WiU Present A Special Program Over WBAA Tomorrow At 2 p, m.
A special variety program by the Student Union will be broadcast over WBAA tomorrow starting at 2 o’clock. Stars on the program include Kenny Ebershoff’s baniL featuring Ruth Grimm, Mar|6.«E^^hBStQ|i, and the Rhythm Swingsters, composed of Mary Foresman, Jeanne Beemer, and Eddie Gross. Two Masters of Ceremonies will have charge of the program, Jim Shoemaker and Bob Heine. Dick Craig will handle the comedy.
Dr. Bray To l^peak On Swordfishing
Dr. J. L. Bray, head of the school of chemical engineering, will give an illustrated lecture on the swordfish at the December meeting of the West Lafayette Conservation Club in the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30 o’clock. Dr. Bray has had actual experience in taking swordfish off the Atlantic coast and promises to relate some personal experiences.
Music Room Features
Co-ed String Concert Harp solos by Jayne Bennewitz and violin solos by Eva Robertson will be featured at 4 o’clock at the Sunday afternoon concert in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. Jeanne Perkins, Student Union vice-president, is in charge of the program, which is being planned as a co-ed concert.
Under Tfie Mirror
Book notes from the Browsing Soom
Faculty Changes Probation Rule; Effective End Of Next Semester
Greek Convo
In Fowler HaU
SAM ADAMS, PIONEER IN PROPAGANDA By John C. Miller Here is a biography of this Revolutionary hero showing him in a new light. Written by a Junior Fellow of Harvard College, this account of the middle life of a graduate of that college nearly two hundred years ago pictures the stormy career of one whq was called by bis contemporaries, “The Boston Rebel,” the “Mad Dictator,” or a “Puritatt Machiaveli.” Always in the front rank of Revolutionary patriots, the wayB by which Adams fomented the growing rebellion against English rule were akin to those used today in countries where revolutions are the fashion. He was a radical whose aim in life was to bring to a head the revolution against England and the methods which he used are brought to light in this straight-forward and vlgoroui^ narrative.
Draws 300 Hear Deans Smith And Turner Discuss Frater-
nities
Approximately 300 fraternity men and women attended the Greek Convocation in Eliza Fowler Hall last night at which Dean Turner, of the University of Illinois, and Dean G. H. Smith of DePauw University, spoke. Following the singing of two numbers by members of the Kappa Alpha Theta sorority. Dean Smith talked on “The Contributions Fraternities HaVe Made To Students And Universities” in which he spoke only of the active chapters. Hell Week In regard to hell week. Smith stated that such practices were rapidly leaving the college campus. This he considered a wise move and a means of removing much criticism. Between the two speeches, the Phi Gamma Delta trio gave a selection following which Dean Turner gave a talk on “Relationship Between Interfraternity Councils And School Administration.”
450 Attend
Employment
Meeting Personnel Director Of Ayre’s Co. Interviews Three Students
Delinquents Will Be Dropped At End Of Third Semester
At the 'November meeting of the University faculty, it was voted to amend the rules and regulations governing students. The rule governing scholastic probation was amended to the effect that a delinquent student may be placed upon probation for failure in studies at the end of the second session of residence, and dropped at the end of the third if be fails to show improvement. Under the old rule, new students could not be placed on probation until they had been in the University for three sessions and could not be dropped for scholastic reasons until the end of the fourth session, usually the end of the sophomore year. In Effect This Year The new rule goes into effect the end of the second semester of this year. Residence in another institution is counted for under this rule.
The old rule read as follows:
“The distance you travel in the business field depends largely upon the start you make,” said W. R. Allen, personnel director of L. S. Ayres and Company, to 450 persons at the initial employment lecture yesterday in the Education' Building. “Graciousness and politeness are essential in making the first impression. Be polite to everyone from the floor sweeper up.” Interviewing three students as a means of demonstrating the tactics used by employers, Allen summed up his interviews with the aid of Dr. O’Shea. Closing his remarks with several admonitions, he said, “Business men today are looking for congenial employees. A person in the business world must have a sense of curiosity. Never say, ‘Do you remember me’?”
“Except as indicated in the next paragraph. a student who, at the end of any semester, fails to make a passing grade in a minimum of 12 hours of the work for which he la registered in that semester (or in a minimum of 6 hours in a summer session of 9 weeks) shall be placed upon probation for the next two sessions (whether semester or summer session) for which he IS registered, and in case in either of the next two sessions for which he is registered he fails to pass the required minimum of hours (12 hours for a semester, 6 hours for a summer session) he shall be dropped trom the ITniversity, provided that when failure to make a passing grade in 12 hours’ work for which he is registered '(6 hours in a summer session of 9 weeks) is due to the temporary record of I, this rule shall not apply No student, however, will be dropped for failure in one subject only No student will be placed on probation until the erid of the third session in residence. In the case of a student who has transferred from,, another university or college, the residence in the former institution will be counted Any student who, while on probation, passes all the work assigned in any session with an average grade of B (4 00), provided he has been assigned to not less than fourteen hours (seven hours in summer session), will be removed from probation at the end of that session.” New Rule The first sentence of .the second paragraph is modified to read: “No student will be placed on probation until the end of the second session in residence ” All other provisions of Rule II, remain unchanged
Praf. Knapp Entertains Members of Chi Epsilon
Active and faculty members of Chi Epsilon, civil engineering honorary, were entertained at the home of Professor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, Wednesday evening. A short business meeting was followed by a social evening during which the faculty and students matched skills at various games. Refreshments were served.
Exhibit Radulayitch Paintings In Union
Legendary heroes of Montenegro are the subjects for a new exhibit of paintings by Savo Radulctvitch, now on exhibit in the music room of the Memorial Union Building. The pictures done in colors of reds, yellows, browns, and greens, some six by eight feet, are memorials to Radulavitch’s, native country and his ancestors’ battle against tyranny.
EXPONENT STAFF Members of the editorial, sports, and co-cd staffs will meet Saturday afternoon at 2 o’clock in the Exponent office. —MORRIS.
The Woman Pays - Tonight At The Half- Way Meet
By Evaughn Price Tonight is the W. A. A. “HalfWay Meet” where the girls pay ONLY for the tickets. If the coeds and their escorts compromise as they should, a meeting place will be planned half-way between! their two homes. Many girls are wondering what type of dress should be worn since the dance is given by an athletic association. A “mixer” dress is considered appropriate, although anything but formal attire is proper. Posters and decorations which are in charge of Margaret Jones, chairman of the dance, will have a sport effect. Don’t forget to keep the door tickets which are to bedssued. Who knows, you may be one of the winners for a door prize. What is it? It could be anything from a 1937 Lincoln Zephyr to a small ^black cat, or it may be the questions and answers to a few of the semester exams. But perhaps this is telling secrets, so you can only wait until the dance tonight to satisfy your curiosity. All unsold* CRkets and money for tickets shoiild be turned in to the W. A. A. office by four p. m. today.
Radio Heads To Speak Tomorrow
Will Discoffs Edncatioii By Radio In Memorial
Union Building
Problems of staging a radio show —routine activities behind the scenes, the rehearsals, and sound effects—will be outlined in detail by
Edward Smith of
the production de-^;^^ partment of WGN^<
Chicago, HI., as one of the outstanding features of the first Indiana Conference on Radio Broadcasting which will open tomorrow in the Memorial Un-
ion Building. The conference,
which i s being held through the cooperation of the University radio
Edward Smith
committee, sta-
tion WBAA, the Electrical Engineering school, the engineering extension division, and the division of speech, will open with a morning program in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building, featuring as the principal speaker, S. Howard Evans, of the national committee on education by radio. One other morning session, luncheon at 1:30, and a concluding afternoon meeting in which Smith will present his talk on “The Staging Of A Radio Program” will complete the conference.
WBAAWm ShowRecorder
Professional Machine Now Goes To Ohio
Only 200 Cage Tickets Left
Browsing Room WiU Sponsor Book Exhibit
Beginning December 11 and lasting to December 16, a book exhibit loaned by the leading publishers of the country wi|l be held in the Browsing Room. These books have been loaned by the publishers in an effort to reproduce at Purdue University, on a small scale, the book fair recently held at the Roi^efeUer Institute. The books in the exbiMt will be on sale to any of those desiring to purchase them.
Httttoxi For Fow Hours tustead Of 3
The hours of die Mtsek iQ» morrow night featuring Ria Rae Rttttma have hem» ndnaiedi to 8 tin It, according ta an aiiP^ nouneement made by Vnimi of' ftciala laat night. Tbara be no inareaaa in pricflk
NUMBER
State University Demonstrations of a Universal Professional Recorder, with which the committte on extra-mural relations, the Purdue radio committee, and radio station WBAA have been experimenting making recordings during the last two months, will be given in the radio studios of the Electrical Engineering Building this evening at 4 o’clock. The recorder has been loaned to the University by the National Association of Educational Broadcasters and is to be sent on to Ohio State University tomorrow. The demonstration will consist of t3rpical applications made on the University campus including talks, orchestras, voice, piano, speech correction, and transcriptions for radio use.
Only 200 season reserved seat tickets for the Universitjjr’s home cage encounters remained unsold last night, according to information obtained from Ticket Manager G. S. Doan. Since this figure represents Hie total number of seats yet available the possibility that the enthre gyneinasium may be sold out is very strong. The remaining seats will be left on sale at the ticket ofHce, and no single tickets will be sold at present.
A?/TT^
-yiP
■j^ir uiivi I ii |ii
I-,. k i'M
The New Probation Rule With the adoption of the new probation rule, Us explained elsewhere in this issue, the faculty has definitely taken another step toward the elimination of poor and unprepared students from the University. With classroom and teaching facilities crowded almost to capacity, it is no wonder that further action has been taken to exclude those students who hold back the progress of others. Through irregularities in schedule and inability to keep up with class assignments, poor students have long been the cause of numerous difficulties in the administration of and instruction in the University. Perhaps the excess of five-and-six-year men may now be cut down through elimination early in college.
ril Gladly Pay Tuesday At some time during their college careers a great number of University students are confronted with a financial problem—^they face the question of raising money to defray a portion of their educational expenses either by borrowing, by staying out of school for a period of time to work, or by doing considerable outside work in addition to meeting the course requirements, perhaps at the expense of lower grades or a curtailed schedule. Some of these students are unnecessarily prejudiced against borrowing, against going into debt at all; they unreasonably insist on the pay-as-you-go policy in acquiring an education. Economically, however, the borrowing plan is superior from several viewpoints to the earn-the-money-before-you-spend-it procedure. A good credit habit is an asset to a person in practically any line of business. If the fellow who runs accounts with the various business men with whom he deals pays his bills promptly, he establishes a credit reputation based on written records. When he needs financial or honesty recommendations, he can give his creditors as references, and his creditors will have written proof of his trustworthiness in meeting obligations. These same creditors may or may not remember that the other person pays as he buys, but they certainly will have no way of knowing how well he can be trusted to discharge his debts. The gain of time is the greatest merit of borrowing money to complete an education. The student who does much work to earn expenses while going to school, has to make too great a sacrifice, in health, in grades, and in social contacts, not to borrow money if possible. And in paying back, individual earning power will have been increased sufficiently that less time will be required to earn the borrowed money after graduation than at the present time. However, excessive indebtedness must be avoided. Don’t plunge recklessly into debt with the idea that when you get out of school and start working, it’s going to be easy to pay back the money. It isn’t. The fellow who has had to economize during his college days finds a great manythings that he wants to do after he graduates that eat rapidly into his monthly salary. He probably needs new clothes; perhaps he wants to have more dates, or to get married; he would probably like to buy birthday presents and Christmas presents for his sweetheart, for members of his family; maybe there are some younger brothers and sisters whom he wants
Pursue exponent
Founded in 188S
1936 Member 1937 Pbsockied Golie6iate Press Distributors of Cblle6iateDi6est
Local Advertisins Uanacer — J>. C. Miller Clrenlation Manager J. P. Girard ncPRaacNTeo ron natiqnai. advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York NY Chicago - Boston - San Francisco I.OS ANGELES . PORTLAND > SCATTLE
Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST Entered as second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette. Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year; deUvered by carrier, $2.60 par year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Dailjr Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF BdKor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor ______ __„ R. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock. A. H. Forster. R. P. Manlon. 0. L. Sadler Sophomore Assistanta. W. M. Anthony, D. A. BaUey, 3. A. Chapin, 3. R. Clark, L. S. Hardin, A. B. Keller, B. H. KeUogg, K. E. O’Neil, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanbaek. D. R, Vance.
WOMBNM STAFF
Xllftor__ ,,
Aaaoeiato — —
AAvartUba llaaaaar-
_JBtel«n Creech
_JcanDa Janousek, Doris McCartney,
Elisabeth Pyke
—Betty Barpett
BI181NB88 STAFF IbuMiiMr.—— „JL 3. Hnlse Advartblsg Manager— —....— L. H, Brown
MMor..
SFORTB STAFF
JUD. Wood
f. H. FMMd, B. R. Oriffftbs.
% F. Obenduiln
Inrae BditM’—D, B» Vance.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Priday.'^Becettilber
to help through college. Usually he finds that the paying back process is much slower than he had anticipated.—^R. P. M. Debts And Cancellations Much has been spoken and written about the cancellation of the war debts that the nation’s of Europe contracted during our last great “war to end all wars.” However, the United States has held to a strict non-cancel-lation policy, quietly reminding the defaulters each December and June 16. In 1934, the Johnson Act was passed, despite the pleas of its opponents, who said it would ruin our financial transactions with foreign countries because it forbid the loaning of further money to countries who were not paying on the war debts. Now, the nations of Europe, otherwise balked by the Johnson Act, talk of squaring their collective debt with the United States, so that perhaps they can laiid a larger fish next time. However, what is the difference between 12 billion dollars out to date as principal and interest and having that repayed and then having the nations reborrow an even larger amount? Although the statesmen of Europe, some truthfully, others “diplomatically,” express a desire to repay the “grand old man, only a moral obligation requires a payment and all our debtors, except Finland, have overlooked that very tiny voice. It is a wellknown fact that the European countries have spent so much on their rearming programs that they couldn’t even begin to repay those twelve billion dollars owed the United States. Hence they would have to borrow money and pay interest on that money to pay. Then they would need to borrow back from the United States enough money to pay the twelve billions, interest, and further armaments, which is what was wanted in the first place. Are we actually going to be the boat again ? Probably so, for our national pride would force us to loan them money again if they had almost wrecked their budgets by repaying us. They never thought about that when they refused to pay us. Of course they were short of money to pay us, but they had billions to use for armaments. This warning must be reiterated again: that foreign diplomats always have a card, usually an ace, up their sleeves, especially when they are trying to entangle the United States, by appealing to the American ideals, blind pride, and false naionalism. This theorem, applied to the idea of repayment of war debts, means that the diplomats wouldn’t propose this unless it is to their advantage.—^R. N. W.
Readers^ Opinions The Expottent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers
Most date-breaking has taken place in the dorm where the gals aren’t supposed to know any better, but now sophomore at the BARRACKS, PRANCES RIETH, has proven that some Sophs are still as cocky in their sophomore year as they were in their frosh daze— Blanket Hop was the time that she ditched one datg, and took another . \ . PROP TROPS: TOPPING stating, “Of course this is perfectly obvious to you, gentlemen.” If he only knew ? ? ... BILL MILLER—opening a window quickly in order to spat . . . MIDDLETON—in dire need of a little bi-carb of soda . . . A. YOUNG—off on another golf digression . . . RISING—^raising ?! @ ? * (| about something trivial . . . These are a few of the PROP TROPS turned in—turn in your PROP TROPS at the Union desk and receive the MARS double-du-cats . . . Breathes there a co-ed with soul so dead, Who never to herself hath said, “With that W. A. A dance I get a chance To snag a man, and plough ahead.” —Swiped and Changed. “On the move” STAN WORTH is that way about a little gal in Chicago—he is so far gone that he has already bought both the dia-
I Like Cadwallader! Who is Cadwallader? Supposedly no one knows except the editor of the Exponent. However there are many rumors as to the person of that fictitious nomenclature. Some unknown person? A campus “big shot” Possibly. However, it matters little who it is as compared to what he says. Many jokes have been played on Cadwallader and many people on this campus have flagrantly and laughingly joked at his comments. I, for one, however, have agreed with him in most of his statements. His fables of PerDew may sound a bit silly but they were most important in that they got the student body to talking about the subject. His voice on foreign affairs hit the base of my philosophy as I stand for world peace despite what the R. 0. T. C. officers try to turn my head and think that it’s all right and fine to kill your brother. Perhaps his views are high and before his time; but such views need as much space in a paper and the conservative views of some of the reactionaries, W. R. Hearst’s Arthur Brisbane for instance. If there should be enough voices, (red, radical?) then the times would advance more rapidly. There is little land to discover. Therefore we must discover better ways of bettering our civilization, as an outlet for our pioneer ing. Because this point of view is what it is, and is the same as Cadwallader’s, I stand^or him, wholeheartedly, whoever he may be. R. N. W.
LUMA
TODAY
SATURDAY
Double Feature
The Soviet Union now is laying out a tourist route for 1937 in the Arctic Circle.
In the middle of a three-hour examination, a physics professor at the University of Texas treats the class to doughnuts and coffee. That would be a fine thing to start here, but it is suggested it be done during lectures. It might keep some of the students awake.
Staftesmen and beauties are very rarely sensible of the gradations ol th^ir decay; and too sanguinely hopihg to shine on in their meridian, often set with contempt and ridicule—^Philip Chesterfield.
Exponent Platform
1. Uphold the no smoking tradition. 2. Establish student SELF-Govemment. 3. Abolish useless honorariep and reduce hon orary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 6. Reform the Student Union election system 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular dectioan.
LETTER! ££.A!fAR • 'with Henry HUNTER Polly ROWLES e. Henry GORUON
— Plus — ROGER PRYOR MURIEL EVANS
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Come, Miss De Sneer, TRY to blush when he says that— remember, this is in color.”
mond and the plain ring in contemplation of use in nefir ? ? future. “I won’t smooch until I have had at least 500 dates” says FARQUHARSON, the ladies gentleman, but he also says my 499th date was with JEAN ADKINS last week so watch my smoke .... Overheard while standing at the Union desk; the following telegrams : Darling, Come this week-end. Love, DICK. Darling, Have to be in Indianapolis this week-end. Stop. 'Won’t see you. Love, DICK.
TODAY
SATURDAY
2 First Run Hits
^ STilHfflETT
‘Sowboy Star”
■ and —
\'TflE with LESLIE FENTON
These two were sent by one fellow, one going to one city and the other going to a girl in a different city—What a man . . .
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
ARC TODAY - SATURDAY JOHN WAYNE “LONELY TRAIL” — and — RICHARD ARLEN “Mine With" the Iron Door” — also — COLOR CARTOON - SERIAL Sunday - Monday - Tuesday “SWING TIME”
m mm.m l%p«n Today and Saturday BIG DOUBLE FEATURE The "toughest guy in the ser^ ▼loe” and the "sweetest girl in the world"... It took thorn both to traak down the moot dangerouM mail thioi yet unhvmgl
Lafayette's Biggest Show Value In Years
20e
30c All Seats From 2:00 to 5:00 P. M.
ALL SEATS Until 2:00 P. M.
AFTER 5 P. M.—Main Floor Balcony Children (All Day)
BIG DOUBLE ATTRACTION ON THE SCREEN
i
f
40
Swing
J
Artists
1
with Philmore & Co. World's Greatest JuVKlsr Maxine & Bobby Dor with Hpinsn Mind Stevens Bros. & Big Boy 400 lb. Rnsiiian Bear The Famous Sweethearts of Rhythm 14 piece All-Girl Band Stare Shows at 3!$0 - 5:00 7:30 - 10:00
TodCy - Saturday stare Show* at 3 rSO-OtOO-? >30-10:00
MARS
LEE TRACI RIA STUARid
hf (tiwotj ti!$
Ifoi/ucoi by Clift Rtitl
Plus 2nd Feature If you want romance, if yon want excitement, if you want thrille, if you want a bafflinr murder story, then yon want to see “Bridre of Sirhs.” “BrIdrt of Sirhs" . . . a triple-threat thriller I
ntviNS'OoitorHy Tiue lA RUC • MARY OORAN smt, WAUIR BYRONm
^ ■iv -4^ « ^ J- ^ J. Jj > ' ^ ' t < ^'"’’ *<■ fnday, pecienilb^y 4, t936 . ,. . .
^h
1 ^ "*
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^ A
Seven Men Remaiii In Billiard Tourney High Scorers To Become Members Of Intercollegiate Team The Glass B billiard tournament, which is being played to select new members for the intercollegiate billiard team, is drawing to a close. Out of 33 entries, the field has narrowed down to seven men, who are now playing a round robin match. The highest men in the round robin will compete in intercollegiate play next spring. The seven remaining men, with their records^ arei ' s Won Lost Stinebaugh 3 0 Farrington 3 0 Weisman 4 1 Chenoweth . . 3 1 Lockwbod . 2 1 Alexanian 4 2 Cerda ... .2 2
Mars Wffl Present 1937 Swing Show Tonight The 1937 Swing Show, which opens a two-day performance at the Mars Theatre tonight, affords a fine chance for all stage show lovers to see a very complete one. The show contains such features as an all-girl band playing “swing music,” a juggling act, an opera singer, several modern dances, a host of beautiful as well as talented girls, many of the latest song hits, personality acts, and fun galore.
SQUASH —TODAY— Regnlar Schedule —Class "5— 3:00—Beta Theta Pi vs Kappa Delta Rho 8:46—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Phi Delta Theta 4 30—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 6.16—^Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi 7.00—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Tau Epsilon Phi. 7*46—^Theta Chi vs. Delta Tau Delta.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St In Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
A SUPERB GIFT/^/^^z/
CAMEO COWHIDE TRAVEL CASE No ordinary gift—this! A compact fitted case, skillfully tailored in cowhide, hdiidsomefy lined and filled wim male necessitles—rcon^ mirror, shoehorn, nail file, Bchh sors, brushed and smart containwrt for shaving and toilet articles. A staunch slide fastenet oj^ud dm case on three full sides! The kind of case that every map hopes dome, day to own. Get it for him instead of the “udueT dtings.
Decker’s “GIFTS OP PISTINCTION” 518-20 Main St. Phone 0477
•Mil.
ielder’s.... ....choice ..^By Bob Walpole.........^
The Big Tep annual coaches* convention comes otf this week-end, and a number of winter sport schedules should be announced after Sunday sometime . . . especially minor spoTts ... —fc— Purdue’s varsity swimming schedule is one of these to be decided and issued . . . speaking of swimming schedules, the mermen contemplate a southern trip sometime in the near future... sufficient funds were raised by the Dolphin Club at their dance last fall to enable the swimmers to make this excursion . . . it will probably come off during Spring vacation, at the same time as the baseball team trip to Louisiana. . . . —fc— All indications point to these fiive men for starting positions on the net squad in the opening game with Western State Monday night . . . center, Jim Seward . . . forwards, Johnny Sines and Jewell Young ... guards, Pat Malaska and Glen Downey . . . —^fc— All five of the above starters saw a lot of action last season .Rnd are well qualified to represent the Boilermakers on their opener . . . —fc— As in football season, so in basketball season ... we will attempt to make you ii\ore Jfamiliar with your hardwood team members by individual Boilermaker Biographies .. . any day now, we will start, beginning with seniors on the squad and working down the list as far as time permits . . .
Co-ed Debate Squad For 36-37 Chosen Florence Hester, Elizabeth Maier, Virginia Sidwell, and Mary Wien were chosen this year’s co-ed debate squad at the tryouts held yesterday in University Hall. Each entrant gave a three-minute talk on the question, “Resolved: That the essential features of the NYA should be made permanent.”
BASKETBALL —TODAY— Court 1—Official, McDonald 7 '00—Ward 6 vs Ward 17. 7.15—Ward 2 vs. Ward 17-a. 8 26—Ward 1 vs. Ward 14. 8 .40—Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Court 2—Official, Abell. 7 00—Ward 4 vs Ward 13 7 16 —Ward 7 vs Ward 8 8 26—Ward 7-x vs Ward 10 8.40—Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon Conrt 3—Official, Chapman. 7 00—^Ward 9 vs Ward 12 7.15—Ward 11 vs. Ward 16. 8 26—^Ward 16 vs Ward 17-x 8 .40—Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Kappa
Students Bctngi Bunnies Flee— Some Of Them By J. C. Woodson The cottontail population of Tippecanoe County has undergone a decided decrease of late, according to the testimony' of a few of the Purdue huntsmen who^ave been stalwart and courageous enough to brave the wintry blasts and “bring home the bunny.” S. P. E. Vun Buskirk stated that he had been, more or less, the direct cause of the decelasement of nine rabbits and two or three quail in the vicinity of Pine Village this season. He also said that hunting seems to be better here than in Illinois. D. P. Wedel, sophomore mechanical, reported that he had been in at the finish of three cottontails, but had failed to bring one down himself because of firing-pin breakdown. G. W. Freemyer, a senior in the Ag school, says that “pheasants are not as plentiful here as they are across the line,” but the flavor of ten cousins of the venerable hare garnered a few days ago, still lingers on. To the rest of the would-be hunters—licenses are available at any sporting goods store in town for one greenback, so take down the aged blunderbuss from the mantle and “do your stuff.”
Purdue Womeu’s Club Arranges Fall Formal With the escorts of the club members as guests, the Purdue Women’s club will hold their formal reception and ball in the Memorial Union Building Monday evening, December 14, at 8:30 o’clock. Mrs. G. Stanley Meikle and the former presidents of the club will be in the receiving line. Dancing and contract and auction bridge will furnish the entertaiiunent. The arrangements are in charge of the executive committee with Mrs. W. A. Knapp as chairman.
Ag Party Tonight All students enrolled in general agriculture or rural economics options are urged by those in charge to attend a party*, to be held in Aggriculture Hall from 7 to 9 tonight. A program has been planned consisting of stunts, a short film strip, and refreshments.
FOOTBALL WORKERS
Faculty and students who worked at the stadium during the football season, call at the ticket office immediately for your money. —KIZER.
Golden Glove Boxers Fight Wed. Night Coach Maxwell Enthusiastic About Prospects For Year By B. D. Witwer With a record turnout for this year’s Golden Gloves bouts, the fight fans in the University can look forward to a rousing exhibition at the Memorial Gymnasium Wednesday night, December 9, when the first bout^ wil be run off. The large number of aspirants for fistic honors has made Coach Maxwell so enthusiastic and certain for an unusually good season that he says, “If the team doesn’t whlk off with at least five or six championships this year, I might as well quit.” Promising Outlook The amount of really high class material is much larger this year than it was last so that things really look promising. Although no heavyweights have come out as yet, the welterweight class is filled with boys who all look as if they could deliver the goods, two of them being Turkin and Brien. One of the men who IS especially promising is Hardesty, a freshman, who has fought for four years previously in Indianapolis. In 1935, he came out in front in the Golden Gloves tournament there, by taking the featherweight crown. Worthwhile Show Judging from last year’s bouts and the way this year’s Golden Glovers look during workouts, it will easily be worth twenty-five cents of anybody’s money to see about fifteen bouts of three, twominute rounds. The money taken in will be used to purchase individual and team I. M. trophies. The one thing which makes these amateur fights so full of pep is the fact that there is so little time to do much that they give all they have in one long flurry of flying leather in an eflort to win. What they lack in science and polish they make up for by sheer vieiousness and fight.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
ATHLETE’S FOOT FORMULA Will give satisfaction or your money back. Checks the fungus, sbothes the soreness, relieves intolerable itching. Cools—Comforts.
One Jar MED. FOOT SOAP Trial Tube
98e Free 49e
H. G. REISNER, Student Supplies HOOK'S DRUG CO. HUFFMAN DRUG CO. BARTLETT DRUG CO., 306 State
at Dewenter^s
T cyt
the
an
Fine pajamas of varied colors and styles. Just the thing for lounging and studying. Priced at $1.65 or Faultless no belt at $1.95 and $2.50.
The homburg hat, in black, midnight blue, ^ medium grey and brown, continues to grow in favor, and turns again tq the silk bound edge. Priced at $3.50, $4.00 and $5,00,
Moderately deep colored shirtings, worn with wJnte collars and white French cuffs, are reported increasing in popularity and are important in the trend to forfnality in business apparel. Priced at $2.00.
Dewenter’s
416 MJlin
Lafayette
Boilermakera Lead BigTen Conference In 8 Year Record In an unofficial dompilation of the standings of the Big Ten teams for the past eight years, Purdue still remains at the top, leading by a neat margin. Two pains of teams changed places from last year’s standings, Northwestern outflanking Michigan and Indiana passing Iowa. The standings are as follows: Team Won Lost Tied Pet. Purdue 31 9 3 .776 Ohio State 28 10 4 .787 Minnesota 25 11 4 .694 Nortfavrestern 26 16 3 .619 Michigan 24 18 2 .673 Illinois 16 24 2 .400 Wisconsin 13 26 8 .888 Indiana 11 23 8 .824 Iowa 7 22 7 241 Chicago 8 29 2 216
Recordings Teach French To ML Class Students in. modem language 21 are now learning the correct pronunciation of French words from a native Prenlchman. This modern method is the result of twenty years of research in developing the Translaphon, a repeating phonograph. A set of records supplementing the text book, “A Practical Modem French Grammar,” by Professors Fotos and Gattell of the modem language department, contains the correct pronunciation as well as questions and answers for each lesson studied by the class. These records may be used by students for study after class. Many leading universities and colleges throughout the country are already using this grammar and may supplement the regular study with the records to stress the pronunciation of French words.
Frosh Basketbidl " Squad Cut Twmiy-Vom Mm SiM Cm--pete For PoMikm On T!eem During the past week or two the freshman squad of basket tossers was reduced from the fifty wbo remained after the first cut to twenty-., four men, excluding the turnouts from freshman football. The following are the men “Piggy” has picked to continue practice until the final cut, which will take place about a wek before Christmas: Alexander, Brubeck, Baker, Baretta, Childers, Clark, D. Fisher, B. Fisher, Herschelman, Keeidy, Laeher, Lentz, Moorehonse, Nicholson, Oxley, Pohpon, Perkins, Ronth,^ Stamm, Shenk, Thombs, XJttet, Walkey, Williamson. About a vfeek before Cbrbrtmas the entire freshman basketball squad will be cut to twenty men.
1 ■?
Seven packets tf personal papers have been given to the University of Louisville by Supreme Court Justice Brandeis, to be opened after his death.
GIFTS THAT LAST The Eagle Furniture Co. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
START BUSINESS With 250 Letterheads and 250 Envelopes. All Nicely Printed on Good Quality Stock, $2.50. KANE'S PRINT SHOP
401 S. 29th
Phone 5205
'FRESHER THOSE TIRED
Murine quickly relieves eyes Irritated by read* ing, smoke, dust, wind, loss of sleep. It** soothing, refreshino. Use it doily.
"“"EVES
HAVE THEM Chech in
at
idi
DISTINCTIVE PLEASANT QUIET COMFORTABLE CONVENIENT
Check your mother, father, sister, brother, sweetheart, cousin, uncle, grandfather, friend—or any others who ‘‘happen to drop in”—at the Union Club.
Make Early Reservations in the Purdue Memorial Confer Cm^Ms.,. Cmfer y 4aivitf
K Ti ,t j E ’ 1^1 , '•'■i p. f! Y
THE PUEDHE EXPONENT
tViday, December 4,1936
w ( "f". *•
t ^
\ r
Wm Your Bat Rainspot^
It will not if it’s Crown Cleaned and Blocked. Our method makes them repellent to water. No additional price — Just 50c
Crown
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
TYPEWKITEE5—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. EbershofF, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. 1
Many Things—That make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
For Sale—1 Tuxedo size 42; Ffiill dress suit and vest size 38. Both in
fine condition. Call between 5:307:00 p. m. 101 Park avenue. Phone 76292.
Many Things—That make suitable Christmas gifts. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street.
Lost — Pair of gold, rimless glasses in rest room of Union. Call 2415.
For Rent—Comfortable, single room, close to campus, 432 N. Grant street. Available December 10.
Ladies’ Satin Slips, tailored and lace trimmed, guaranteed seams $1.98-$2,98 Eayon Pajamas, one and two piece, darjc and pastel combinations $1,00-$1,19-$1.98 Outing Pajamas, two piece, in fancy stripe and floral patterns $1.0()-$1.19 Children’s Hayon Pajamas, two piece, fancy color combinations, size 2-14 $1.00 Ladies’ Pastel Silk Kimonas at - $2.95 Ladies’ Wool Gloves, all colors 59c-$1.98 Ladies’ Kid Gloves, button and slip on styles, all colors ’ $1.98-$2.98 Ladies’ Wool Lined Kid Gloves, brown and black $1.39-$2.98
Neckwear, in lace-pique 59c-$1.95 Silk and Wool Scarfs 59c-$1.00 Handkerchiefs, boxed, 3 in box 25c-50c-$1.00 Men’s and Ladies Initial 25c and 50c each
Thieme’'& Wanjerin Co.
The Best Low Prieed Stapler
Haywood’s No. RX45
For Every OFFICE HOME STUDENT STORE PROFESSIONAL MAN Fastens Papers, Documente, Bulletins Drawings, etc. Haywood^s
retail STORE, 5TH & FERRY ST.
LAFAYETTE
NOTICES No notices acceplMl •ftM’• p. m.
R. O. T. C.—Examination for the removal of condition grade in Military Training 4 will be held on December 10 and 11. Students desiring to take this examination should rejiort to me at the Adjutant’s office. Armory, before 4 p. m., December 8. —HAYFOKD.
Women’s Shnffleboard and Ping PongSign up on bulletin board in Women's Gym before December 4. —MAIEK.
Beamer Club—All active members and pledges required to meet in front of Heavilon Hall at 7 p. m. December 4. —BUXTON.
W. A. A. Dance—Any girl wishing to work at the door of the dance Friday evening, December 4, call 7712. —JONES.
Interested Wrestlers—Boys interested in wrestling report north end of gym between 4 and 6:30 this week. —VARLEY. Purdue Glider Club—^New coveralls are at Phi Gam house. Phone 6071. —WILTSHIRE.
Basketball Ushers And Police—The following report to undersigned Friday, December 4, 1936 at 4 p. m, in room 201, south end of Purdue Hall. N. L. Abell. J. D. Baker, C J. Bartz, G. O. Bell, M. Bell, R. L. Behrens, P. F. Beretta, A. G. Botney, A. J. Bredewater, A. R. Bredewater, H. W. Bremer, T. H. Breslin, W. E. Britt, J. L. Brock, Jack Brown, J. R. Buell, C. W. Bunger, P. B. Burmeister, N. R. Bush, J. D. Chapman, L. DeWitte, J. T. Doan. J. P. Fitzgerald. D. R. Foster, G. N. Gale, L. W. Gift, L. L. Glenndenning, J. E. Goory, A. R. Grant, L. S Graves, S. J. Heiss, T. E. Hennis, E, C. Herschelman, R. L. Holzbach, C. R. Hughes, P. E. Humphrey, A. S. Ippolito, Cecil Isbell, Cody Isbell, R. A. Johnson, A. M. Juska, W. W. Knorr, H. G. Krause, R. M. Lemen, R. H. Lucas, F. T. Macklewicz, C. B. Malysiak, O. W. Martin, W. O. Mitchell, R. B. Marozik, A. E. Morningstar, J. R. Nesbitt, K. E. Paxton, B. E. Petrie, N. P. Poulos, D. F. Powell, C. G. Purvis, A F. Raebel, C. A. Routh, M. A. Schreyer, R. E. Selby, F. L, Stalcup, W. R Stalk, C. A. Terhune, A. N. Thom, W. I Thomas, S. J. Thursby, W. E. Upton, D. D. Utter( P. H. Vernor, C. J. Verplank, Charles Wagner, J. E. Waling, J. L. Welsch, R E. Williamson, F. J. Winchell, C. J. Woltman, E L. Yeager, C. R. Yngve, E. J. Zachary. —SANDERS.
Purdue Lutheran Students Club—Important meeting December 6 at 7:30 p. m. m room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building —ANDRES.
Silver Mask—Important meeting December 4, at 7.30 p. m. at TKE house. All members please be present —BLOCKER.
Omicron Nu—Business meeting December 4 at 4 p. m. in room 108 of Home Economics Building. —TYLER
Spelling Class—Students who have not passed their Freshman Composition spelling tests may take the test in special classes which will be held every day starting on Monday, December 7, until Friday, December 11, from 4 to 5 p. m. Attendance is voluntary Consult instructors for room assignments —WYKOFF.
Purdue Christian Foundation—All members of the Purdue student class of the First Christian Church are urged to attend the dinner welcoming the new minister at 6.30 p m., December 4, in the church basement. —BREWER.
Sigma Delta Chi—^Very important meeting December 6 at 3 p. m. in Exponent office. Members not present will be fined —HARDIN.
Radio Club—^Meeting in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m., December 4. All members urged to attend. —BERNSTEIN.
C. E. 62—^An opportunity for the removal of conditions in G. E. 62 will be given at 1 p. m., December 12, in room 206, Civil Engineering Building. —PETTY. -
Women’s Shuffle-Board And Ping Pons^— Compulsory meeting for all girls signed up for these sports December 4 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gymnasium. —MAIER.
Sophomore Coed Debate Managers—^Report to the lobby of the Memorial Union Building at 11 ;45 a. m. December 4. —SMALL.
Union Workers—Our committees will meet December 4 at 4 p. m., and December 6 at 1 p. m., in the workshop. —SCATTERDAY, CLAYPOLE, STALLINGS. PFORZHEIMER. My committee will meet in office December 4, at 4 p. m. —REITH. Today is the last day for sophomores to sign up for Union. —SHOEMAKER.
Scabbard and Blade—^All pledges get intrenching tools from Service and Stores tool room. Have deposit. —MILNER,
Scabbard and Blade—All actives are urged to attend rough night, December 6 in the Armory. —MILNER.
Y. W. C. A.—^All girls interested in music report to the Y. W. C. A, office December 4. The program for the year will be planned. —WIEN.
P. I. A. Dance Class—Meet at 7 p. m. December 4 in the faculty lounge. —BUXTON.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
This afternoon at 2:30 o’clock the Kensington Club will meet at the home of Mrs. Daniel Den Uyl, 918 Main street. There will be a Christmas program and during the meeting the members will sew for the Flower Mission.
The’French section of the University Women’s Club will meet on Tuesday, December 8, at 2 o’clock, in the faculty lounge of the Memo rial Union Building for a Christmas meeting.
Christmas music ’will be a feature of the Roundtable Club Christmas meeting, Tuesday, December 8, at 3 o’clock,^ at the home of Mrl. H. J. Reed, 1026 N. Vine street.
A Christmas gift exchange will be held by the Home Economics Club meeting at the home of Mrs. Arthur Kimmell, assisted by Mrs. Harvey Leach. The club will meet Wednesday December 9, at 2 o’clock.
Ladiana High School Debaters Convene Here (Continued from page 1)
of the banquet which is to be given this evening in the Memorial Union ballroom. Phillips To Speak The speaker of the evening is Professor Robert L. Phillips, of the history, economics, and government department, who has chosen for his subject, “The Six Greatest American Orators.” Prof. Alan H. Monroe, of the University speech department, also will be included in the program. A1 Stewart, University music director, will lead the University Concert Choir in a few selections, besides taking charge of the group singing. The winner of the mileage attendance trophy will be announced at that time. The day’s program will be concluded in the evening with two oneact comedies, to be given by Theta Alpha Pi, national honorary dramatic fraternity, immediately after the banquet at 8:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. They are entitled “The Tangled Web” and “Thank You, Doctor.” Admission is free to all Debate Conference guests, but all others must pay 25 cents.
W. A. A. Ticket Sellers—^All money and unsold tickets for the Half-Way Meet must be turned in at 4 p m., December 4, at the
W. A. A. office.
^ —JONES.
A. L E. E.—^Meeting at 4 p m , December 4, main lecture room of E. E. Building Wire manufacturing moving pictures given by Anaconda Copper Co
—JUMP.
A. I. E. E.—Meeting at 7.30 p. m. December 4, in E. B Building, room 254 Lecture by Stanley Green on, “New Inventions In Watthour Meters.” —JUMP.
Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club—Important meeting December 6, at 7 30 p m in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building —ANDRES
P. I. A.—There is a P. I. A. i^chestra practice in the Tower room of the Union at 7:00 p. m., December 4. -FRAME.
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
HO Vine Street West Lafayette 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street
New Store Soon at 1616- 1618 Main
I3URT0N4.
— POPUN
•9* *
STyEDsy wnuBRummiii
"Beau Brummell" has exploded the notion that poplins are just poplins . . . durable . . . long-wearing) They've taken the finest of them all. . . Burton's Poplin . . . and they've given us new color blends . , . Scotch Plaids . . . Regimental Stripings ... Heather Tones . . . and a value that's obvious.
CLOTHES SHOP
Don’t Feel Embarrassed If you have only a penny to spend on candy. We make it convenient to help yonrsef and try to give you the same prompt service whether it’s a penny or a dollar.
Dad’s Place
• So Handy
The BigTen of Coal Values Every One the Champion of Its Class!
ORIGINAL POCAHONTAS CRYSTAL BLOCK LORADO FURNACE OLD BEN LUMP SAXTON LUMP
SEMET-SOLVAY COKE GOLDEN GLOW BLOCK MARY ANN BLOCK READING ANTHRACITE IDEAL RANGE
Honey Krushed Wheat BREAD Made with pure honey. Something new at all grocers. Baked exclusively by GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY - cater to Sororitiee and Fraternitiea
Read The Exponent Ads.