^4
»v
4-^
|v
V *. I* f
Sports Inside Hawkeye Lines Sse Guest Gestapo
j " iV, ‘5 ^ j^ , jnn^ig^
-* ! Ij/
,.. V. , , |
>/>0
'mrotuJOi-'M'-i' Mont Appi^ij S«eE»biii8»f4tt I
tJi^
Volume 53, No. 41
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, Oetobor 24,1S41
Elward, Boland, Miller Laud Student Spirit As 3000 Attend Pep Session
Students See Labor, Crime, Travelogue
By D. W. Ochiltree
“iVe watched Purdue football for 14 years and nothing has ever come clbse to this,” Jim Rush yelled to a mob of 3,000 students at last night's edition of the current super pep sessions. Qfe,thered around a huge fire built of railroad ties, with a burn-
ing effigy of Iowa hanging above it, the student body cheered. Ax Qf,maan Rfi>vifAW booed and applauded almost every word uttered by the eight •JCrecrt l\er IeiY speakers. “Scfreen Review” held the third Almost without exception each speaker stressed how much in the series of movie convos yesthese rallies mean to the team. ''You may think that such afternoon from 3 to 6 in the
meetings don't mean much to the
Three-Day Homecoming Week-End Opens With Dinner, Dance In Union
teanf,'but in that second half of the Ohio game the team wds thinking about the student body back in Lafayette,” said Coach Mai Elward. ‘Something We’ve Never Had’ “We really appreciate this for its something we’ve never had around here before,” stated Go-Captain Jim
Miller.
“Student spirit here at Purdue
Faculty Will Attend
Indiana Teacher's Meeting Today
Hall of Music. The program consisted of five shorts which lasted ap-
Annual Alumni Affair To Honor Emrick Tonight At 6 , Opening the activities of
Homecoming Program
proximately an hour. “Labor and Homecoming week-end will be Defense” told the history of labor annual banquet in the Un-
unions, and how they work together
2:00 p.m.
3:00 '4:00 6:00
Mixer Will Feature
Charlie Spivak's Band Tonight
Charlie Spivak and his band
today to bargain collectively for a common good. There were actual
pictures of recent strikes.
“Respect the Law,” another show, was one of the crime-doesn’t-pay
Annual meeting of the Indiana series. It told of a man who refused
ion ballrooms this evening at 6 p.tn. The dinner this year will honor Prof. P. E. “Spots” Emerick, director of the University band, six senior members of the football team of
IS m «iy estimation second to none State Teachers’ Association, being *? health ordinances and University Conin the United States,” added Joe held today and tomorrow in Indi- ^
the
anapolis will be attended by several members of the University fac-
Boland, and so on through all
ST)63.k6FS
Roland want on to .av that “aft "Ity and staff who will take part in fleauiiiui ns orgamzaiion. Boland went on to say that aft- program ^ travelogue of the isle Portrait To Be Unveiled
er the Vanderbilt game they thought
Prof. 0. F. Hall will pay a trib
did not clean out his wharfs of .
rats. The result was a serious siege cert Choir, which IS celebratof the dreaded Black Plague. The ing the tenth anniversary of
man ended up in prison. “Beautiful its organization.
9:00
9:15
TODAY
Alumni Registration and Get-together—Memorial Union
Building.
Campus Visitation—^Inspection of New Building. Girls Gym Classes—Inside and Outdoor Courts until 5 p.m.
Special Swimming\ Events, Fieldhouse.
ANNUAL ALUMNI BANQUET, HONORING PAUL , . . . . „ SPOTTS EMERICK, ’08, THE 1916 FOOTBALL TEAM, and tonight for retummg THE CONCERT CHOIR ON ITS 10th ANNIVERSARY.* alumni and students at the Charlie Spivak, “The man who plays the sweetest trumpet 1941 Homecoming dance in
in the world,” and his orchestra, with Garry Stevens as fea-
tured vocalist, will furnish the dinner music. Informal, $1.00—Memorial Union Building.
Sections reserved for the Concert Choir, “P” Men, 1917 Class,
and Iowa Alumi.
Reviewing and Judging of Fraternity and Sorority House
Decorations.
Horn’ccoming Dance—Memorial Union Building. Charlie Spivak and his swing orchestra.
Bali. Pictures of typical market Prof. Emerick has been leader of
many years, head of the education violin, with specialties done will be unveiled and presented by
by his singer and dancing teams. L. G. “Abie” Gordner, ’21, of Indi-
c.f.h.
anapolis. Gordner headed a commit-
we wouldn’t Hve, after the Pitts- t”tj,e memory of the late ProL scenes, native orchestras, rice fields, the band here since 1905. A portrait
Georg. L. Eober^ ^ner presi- were seen. The laet short “Rbbinoft ot "Spots,” painted last suier b,
S rlflierL now we come to <lo"‘ *1' Association and for and Orchestra" featnrcd Eubinoff Randolph Coates, a Hoosler artist,
Iowa. We’re going to go out there and give Iowa a game that you will
be proud of.”
Half-way through the session. Peg Davis announced for Gold Peppers the selection of the prize winning sign of the evening. Beta Theta Pi’s “This sign may be corny— but so is Iowa.” The Kappa Sig’s
Leadership Course Expands Under New System
department at the University. Dr. E. F. Degering will appear before the chemistry-physics group
with a paper on Plastics. Dr. Sears Will Preside
Dr. Louis M. Sears will preside at a session of the social studies group during a panel dis6ussion on
Architect Will Judge For Homecoming
\
Decorations
both ballrooms of the Union from 9 to 12 p.m. Regular ‘name band” mixer price of $1.50 will be in effect for the
dance.
A special three-dimensional backdrop has been built by Union workers for the dance. A huge “Welcome Home” sign built will hang over a typical barroom scene complete
were runnels up with “We scared the “Teaching of Current Topics in the Buckeyes, we’ll skunk the o-mrlp” Pmf 'nnvr.f.lTir A.
Hawkeyes.”
Little Theatre Group To Give Propaganda Play on WBAA Today Members of the Lafayette Little Theater will present William Saroyan’s radio play, entitled “The Peo-
Exponent
Sports Staff
All freshman and sophoipore
Novel decorations are beginning to appear on front
there while Prof. L. S. Winch of the speech staff will preside at the meet-
ing of the speech teachers. Prof. H. G. McComb of the edu-
cation staff will speak on “National
Greatly expanded program for
tee of other former band members training of leaders to meet the who helped raise the necessary mon- problems of management and super-
ey. President E. C. Elliott Svill ac- vision of plants engaged in defense . f ^ 4. j cept it for the University. Presen- industries was announced today by OJ iratemity and sorortation of gold football trophys to Prof. C. W. Beese, of the Univer- ffy houses today as Homecomsix senior members of the famous sity. ing geason COmes again to the team of ’16 will also be made. Paul S. Strecker, of Grand Rapids, campus. The displays will be
Prof. Dorothy A. The Iowa alumni here on the Uni- Mich., was appointed as specialist judged’both tonight and to- . workers on the Exponent Sport s versity staff will have a table re- ui supervisory training for the de- ^ , new exneri requested to report at the served for them. Bruce Mahan, fense training program, which the Oi^fOW morning in order to Union Exponent Office immediately alumni secretary from Iowa will at- U. S. Office of Education is offer- observe both lighting effects after the Homecoming game Satur- banquet. Sections have ing throughout the state under the and actual detail. Trophies will
been reserved for students in the supervision of Purdue. be presented by the Purdue Concert Choir, “P” men, and the Training in production supervis- Alumni Association to the class of 1917. be offered in industrial cen- jnen’s and women’s residence Charlie Spivak and his orchestra ters throughout the state, where * f v, • 4-v, v. + will furnish music during the din- leaders will discuss the problems organizations having the best
Bovee in charge of the new experi mental course for women, will be
a member of the panel.
Winch Presides Over Teachers
Prof. Muriel G. McFarland of the day. All will be needed to edit the education staff is president of the sport’s edition of the Exponent Sunhome economics group and presides jay gj, ^ jg imperative that you be
there.
Charlie Spivak with spittoon, brass rail, bottles.
ner.c.f.h.
pie with Light Coming Out of Defense and the Coordinator”; Them,” in their weekly half-hour Prof. Mark Stigers will lead a disdramatic program over WBAA at eussion in industrial training and 7 o’clock this evening. Dr. C. H. Lawshe will discuss Last week’s broadcast featured “Drafting as an interesting Force a round-table discussion of Saro- in the Training Program.”
yan’s works and a short preview to Prof. T. K. Noss will lead a dis- laooratory 01 rne university, leii mined last night, according to a this evening’s dramatic sketch. It eussion on “Our Future in the Far Monday on an extended trip through statement received from H. B. Abwas written by Saroyan as a prop- East,” Prof. R. R. Ryder will head Wi^sconsin, ^ Minn^ota, North Da- University purchasing agent
Uganda play for free company pre- a discussion on “Practice Teaching” sentation early last year. This play, and Dr. H. H. Remmers of the divithe only radio sketch Mr. Saroyah sion of education will report on sev-
Clark Will Investigate Special Committee Violations of Seed Act Fire Probe
Extent of the damage caused by
E. R. Clark, associate seed tech- jjj j^j-mory supply room nologist of the federal state seed Wednesday night was still undeter-
laboratory of the University, left
which are met daily by supervisors,
A consulting service and supervis- judges
ory training material will also be made available to industry under
this program, a.m.p.
exhibit in the opinion of the ^a^keep and cutout caricatgirea of
alumni.
Decoration Contest WillEndTodayAtA
T j ., , , „ Spivak’s band made a sensational Judges will consider the follow- rise into public favor while playing
mg points as they determine the ^jj
cup winners: appropriatness of the Caging m ^g.^^ Rochelle, N.
has ever written, has been successful as a propaganda play and was produced over the Columbia Broad-
casting System.
■Kelly Yeaton, director of the Lafayette Little Theater, will give a short talk preceding the dramatization in order to acquaint the radio audience with the use of the propaganda play in the national unity
eral thesis studies in psychology, d.e.g. Choir To Broadcast Over WBAA Today
kota, and South Dakota to inves
tigate violations of
Seed Act.
At Madison, Wisconsin, Clark will visit the official state seed laboratory and confer with the staff of the state seed control division which is stationed there. In Minneapolis and other points in Minnesota, he will cooperate With state commissioner, C. P. Bull, in charge of seed control work in that state. Before returning to his home station at the University, Clqrk will
big idea or theme of the exhibit in view of the occasion; ingenuity, originality, and cleverness shown in dressing up and presenting theme; and compactness, balance,
simplicity.
Committee Named
Committee on judging will
Y. during the past year.
Although his band is fairly new, the played first trumpet for the Dorsey brothers, Ray Noble, Bob Crosby, Jack Teagarden and many other outstanding bands. Generally acknowledged to be the be country’s best first trumpet player.
Albert P. Stewart’s University Choir, composed of 250 mixed
campaign. Members of the Little voices, will appear in its monthly
Theater who will appear in the musical program over WBAA this ;isit”th7fed’erar state ■'seed"‘labor broadcast are Miss Joyce Burnham, afternoon at 4:30 o’clock. Director Fargo, North Dakota, and T. K. Broome, Walter Neubauer, Stewart’s organization will open the authorities Philip Demaree, Chris Schenkle, broadcast with the familiar strains investigations under the federal
Today at 4 p.m. is the deadline
. A committee of two, consisting of for entrants in the annual Military . = ~
the b ederal ^bbett, representing the University, Ball decorations contest to submit headed by Lloyd V. Moser, Lafay- Spivak is especially noted for his
and Lt. Col. White, representing their ideas to Bob Stecker, commit- architect and artist who has tone and phrasing. tee member in charge. Stecker may been appraising Homecoming ex- Garry Stevens, malg vocalist with be contacted in the Student Senate bibits for several years. Other mem the band, specializes in slow rooffice in the Union. bers of the committee will include, mantic numbers. Stevens is feaA free bid to the Ball will be Morrison, secretary of tured on many of the band’s latest awarded to the originator of the Tippecanoe County Art Association, Okeh records which include “When theme that is chosen as the most artist in Colum- the Sun Comes Out,” “It’s So Peaceoriginal, appropriate and practical . s, Ohio, and Louis M. Busche, as- ful in the Country” and “What Word by the committee. sistant State Leader of County is Sweeter Than Sweetheart?”
Designs for the backdrop, which- State and are to have some connection with ^ xhibits from West
the occasion, are the principal items
in the contest, but ideas for the . ^®Pbies to be presented to the band-fronts and other decorations ^''bibit in the Clark
are also desired, d.w.o. ^^op. e.h.a.
TO THE MEMBERS OF THE
STUDENT BODY:
I wish to take this opportunity to express my utmost appreciation of your prompt and willing assistance in extinguishing the fire which occurred in the Military Department Supply Room, Wednesday, October 22, 1941.
D. M. Beere,
Colonel, Field Artillery,
P. M. S. & T.
Booster Conducts Second Idea Clinic
Lloyd Neuman, Miss Janet Decker, to Old Purdue,’’ its theme, administration. He expects the U. S. Army, has been appointed
and Mr, Yeaton. d.e.b
Debris Proofs In Debris proofs will be shown in room 204 of the Union until Saturday noon. It is essential that all seniors who want their picture in the Debris make their proof selections before this time.
and follow with a rendition of classical selections. The program fol-
lows:
Adoramus Te .. . Palestrina Send Forth Thy Spirit . Scheutky Cherubin Song No. 7 ... . Borthiansky Carmencita . . Mexican Folk Song Sing Awhile Longer ... O’Hara
to return to the University labora- to investigate the cause of the fire
tory about Nov. 1.
Universily, Indianapolis Cyclists Hoid Sunday Ride
and make an estimate of the dam-
age.
Uniforms in the supply room were untouched by the fire, it was re-
Short Course Holds FfeshniGii Will Attend Banquet Tonight National 4-H Congfcss
Second Idea Clinic, conducted by C. F. Boester of the housing research department, was held last night at 7:30 in the Puttering Shop
in the Union.
The meeting was open to all students with practical and onginul
Of the six Indiana represents- ideas for inventions or the design
Coed Invades "Man's World"; Finds Success In Engineering
Twenty-three members of the Edgewood Wheelmen’s Club of Indianapolis were guests of the University Wheelmen last Sunday for an afternoon’s ride to the Tippecanoe Battlegrounds and the Rotary
Poultry Short Course will hold
poifed, but many of them were annual banquet this evening v , — <=»— harmed somewhat by the water and at 6 in the Home Economics Build- tives who will attend the twenty- of industrial objects. It was intendsmoke. Shirts and shoes were almost Members of the short course "mth annual National 4-H Club ed to give the students an opportuna total loss and all the polish and will entertain with music and mo- Congress this year, two are enrolled ity to obtain advice and encourage-
oil was consumed in the blaze. Most tion pictures of the Chicago Park as freshmen at the University, ac- ment. were System will be shown. There will o an announcement by poster class was conducted at
no outside speakers. Harry Ainsworth, state 4-H club ^ annual short course runs ®a er o e niversity. Puttering Shops, g.w.s.
The two students, Mary Ann
A steak fry was followed by a game of touchball before the group,
that they are swell and that they by the local club’s four-man
of the military instruments unharmed by the blaze.
Abbett announced last night that The annual short course runs
^diiuc ijauLicBiuuiiuo a.iu 1.I1C ^ definite statement would be re- from Oct. 13 to Oct. 25 this year. IP® ^^wo students, ^^anip. gioup 0 eye is s leased today or tomorrow^as to the Members of the course report much Diesslin and William L. Johnson,
extent of the damage, w.g.h. enthusiasm and cooperation among were selected oi) the basis of their the group. The members are of all records in achievement, leadership _ i* T ■ I. ages, most of whom are in business ^nd healthy to compete in the nar OpCII M66tinQ lOniQRf
Purdue Student Alliance, Uni-
the trip.
Student Alliance To HoM
Engineer To Feature New Editorial Style In line with a change in editorial
for themselves. Through this course tional 4-H achievement contest, they are trying to better their busi- With two boys and two girls they
ness. b.s.
will represent the Hoosier state at veisity chapter of the Ameinc^n
By Pat Stenberg
If a girl has what it takes, she nicer bike, returned for a tour of the can succeed even in a man’s world. Sg^ieday she wants to be able to campus before the visitors left. The The proof for this is found when take engines apart and put them to- Edgewood Club is a member of the one hears about Jeanne Chandler, ggtjigj. again As for now “Chand- League of American Wheelmen.
a 1941 electrical engineering grad- contents’herself with’her desk The club will hold another ride ^ uate of this University, being the ^ork. The present problem on which Sunday afternoon. All students who Engineer preonly woman engineer on the staff working involves a study of o^n bicycles are invited to join the a new style of magazine this of the Public Service Electric and reactions and turbines. group, w.e.r. ^
Gas Company in Newark. pgminine In the October issue, just released, are attending a collaborators con- pleted 28 projects, has been a con- P^‘®blem of how students can back When asked why s e chose o Even though Miss Chandler is Aloha Phi OmOQa ^be staff of the Engineer has en- vention on poultry problems being sistent winner in judging dress re- ^P defense program and In pursue a masculine career. Miss gj^jjatking on a man’s profession, t* ^ deavored to include many more ar- held this week at the Regional vue contests and for three years I'b® b^ht a^inst Hitler and HitlerChandler replied that s ® ®®^ ghe is very inteiested in feminine . . . national service fraternity, ticlbs concerning the University Poultry Research Laboratory locat- has led a group of 107 younger club ^ chaii'man will be elected td
draw the side of a house that °®^® activities. She helps her mother announces the pledging of Richard than has been the custom in past ed at East Lansing, Michigan. Don- members.
the congress which will be held at Chicago from November 29 to De-
cember 5.
Completes 28 Projects
Duiing her eight years of 4-H
Doyle of the veterinary department 'membership. Miss Diesslin has com-
Donham, Doyle Participate In Michigan Convention Dr. C. R. Donham and L. P.
Student Union, will hold an oped discussion meeting in room 23S oif the Union this evening at 7:34, Alt Shuiig, chairman of the i|t-
liance, announced.
The discussion will center on. the
lead the discussion. All interested
ham and Doyle left the campus last Johnson, a club member for eight students ai‘e invited to attend, ShoMonday and will return tomorrow years, a junior leader for four years, b.w.s.
after participating in the discussion on poultry problems, d.e.b. PI ay shop Tryouts . . . for “The Petrified Forest”
an adult leader for one year, has
complted 17 projects in poultry, ICIrlc
like the side of a house in ree an house-cleaning, and she likes H. Deardorff, Richmond; John F. years. Even the cover has been ren style; so she took a high sc oo to knit her own sweaters. Someday Dodds, Chicago; Paul A. Eckler, ovated to make a much more atcourse in mechanical engineering, intends to get married and Dayton, Ohio; Robert E. Gallatin, tractive presentation. From then on it just seemed na ura j^^^age her own home. Garrett; W. J. Gaugh, Allentown, It is felt that more interest will to her to study engineering at col- comes to this country. Pa.; Oakley J. Gordon, Shelbyville; develop in the publication if the ^®®®' “Chandler” is going to apply and Fran C. Hess, Argos; Frank L. Hop- content concerns the University and Answers To “Chandler” ^sk the government to take her on ping, Aurora; Alfred L. Jackson, its students closely. “Chandler,” the only name to as an oiler. When and if that day Evanston, 111.; Burton M. Kuck, Cin-^ The publication staff has asked
which she answers, says that she does come, “Chandler” will prob- cinnati, Ohio; Raymond McLaugh- that students submit criticisms and , . . „ - „„i.Tv-r—y-has encountered no jealousy or ani- ably serve her country double duty, lin, Wabash; Wayne Silver, West contributions, in an effort to pro- ^^1 be continued at 4 p.m. today in scholarships, one each for the band features the vocals of mosity on the part of the men who oiling tanks duiing the day and Lafayette and Roger S. Young, vide a better engineering magazine Fowler Hall, W. L. Deams, director, top boy and girl, plus numerous Rohn. The usual price of one doHiur work with her. In fact, she thinks knitting kakahi sweaters at night! Fort Wayne, _ ^^ ^ for the University, b.g.s. ^ announced last night. ^ trophies, a.p.h, per couple will prevail.
pigs, and corn work, many of his
animals taking prizes in county and . . . and his University of HKwol» state competition. band will play for the “after the The awards in the national 4-H game” mixer Saturday nikht u: 4. -.r 9 to 12 in the Union Balhfoonas. Thtt
achievement contest consist of twoSSidi
. , 1 ' J . , ,.,A
fP i
S#-
\ •
priddy, OM.l24 l94i:
rr * k
1 ^
i''"^
[ S^wtdusL £xpfumdL All-American I940-'41 k Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress nf Mafch 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, ^ 19I7, atllhoriaed Janirar'i 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday duiing the regular academic year aWd* veehlv during the Summer Session. Deliveied locally by carrier for $3 50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
■Ill
I SMiter-iio-CIUef :ViSf^ BUitbr ^ S^rtk Editor
Ned A Ochiltree John L Trangolt
Phil John'inn
Bitsine<!g Manager Mamging Editor
Coed Dditftr
Don S Powers Lelnnd W Ruffner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff iciatc i liters E^hotial Siafr 1 1 Amos } H Arm^stronp D T Brophv U I l?a(lle\ F T Tones 1 C Kiej cr SpoHs Staff 0 T Clark T H Fraser I S Keelci Coed Staff Alar\ K Bo\nton Alice Chntfitld Tine Rnmsdcll
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager Donna Siess Office Manager Lee
Bossonk
T.aOca] Ad>crtising Managers K K Circulation Manager ‘ W T Bell D MilHrd Tumor Coed Managers Tean Fiankenberry Francis Lloyd Julia Mai tin
Ciemre R K Saxton Accounts Manager W
Phqnes Ediforial and Business, 4005, Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P M , 5377
Represented for national advertising, by National Advertis inj:. Service Inc College Pubhbhers Repiesentatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Night Editor Jones Sports Editor Keeler
Issue Editor Rafert
Reporters K A Klossfn > Ahrens C Hass L Sloanc W X Summers D W Ochiltree ) Lauei P Stenberg A
Staff For Th IS Issue
Wiclcard J M Goode P G Holiman W G Hopkins G W Bjeis D A Glass R T Dberts G W Starr J Brown
r M Hoad J D Smith
Sports Reporters W H Cassady. R W Kriegei D M
Shijcr
‘M&re:
Patriotic coeds who ^want leg apfieal at Michigan State college, East Lansing, are urged to wear brightly-colored cotton stockings during the defense-made silk hosiery shortage. It seems that the dean of women doesn’t want the coeds to “cheapen themselves” by going barelegged! Miss Elizabeth Conrad,' the middle-^ged dean, long a foe of bare legs, appealed to the girls’ patriotism and at the same time pointed out red, white and blue cottbn stockings are the “rage” in eastei::n college circles. She said she thought itr would" be “wonderful” if college women all over America adopted them. “America needs the silk that American women put bn their legs,” the dean said. “Let’s have the college women lead the way in this emergency by voluntarily wearing those lovely, cotton stockings.”
The problem of fashion shbuld make little difference, the dean said. She pointed out that the cotton hosiery now is woven in “dressy old lace designs that remind one of the color-
ful gay ’90’s.”
Although the dean emphasized she did not and would not dictate canipus fashions, students have declar,ed that hfer suggestions are highly regarded by campus governing bodies. The colored hosiery idea, however, met only luke-warm response- Ellen Stegnega, pretty blonde undergraduate, said she “wouldn’t be found* dead in them.” “My patriotism doesn’t go that fat,” she concluded. The Michigan Sthter Ai^sofclated Women Students will discuSs the dhan’s suggestion “I’d be for the idfea,” said'the AWS president. “Besides the gay colbrs might help some girls to have attention directed to their legs ” —Oklahoma Daily
VttSniMIOM liiRHY-40-ROUHA
Bi Drew Pearson and Robert S 411en
Midwest Not Isolationist, But Is Confused By FDffs Failure To Lead Nation WASHINGTON Oct 23, 1941 — One of the Meii-\ Go Roundels has spent the past two weeks taking a quick turn thi ough the Middle West fiom Ohio to Missouii, geneially consideied the ciadle of isolation and the area wl)ieh Roosevelt has to swing if he wants a unified nation behind his foreign policies For years that area has been much more interested in Mississippi barges than battleships and felt just as safe from invasion as the Russian peasants along the Volga Ri\er. Foreign policy was something they remembered onlj from the days when the\ recited in school George Washington’s Farewell Message on entangling alliances. But today, as fai as this obseivei can ascertain, the Middle West is not isolationist Nor is it sold on Roosevelt’s policies It is in a con fused condition, fumbling betwixt and between For this first time in the history of the Midwest, its people are awakening to the fact that they cannot remain isolationist, that the airplane and modern science have narrowed the Atlantic to the 1914 width of the English Channel They know that the chain of new defense arsenals and factoiies from St Paul to Tulsa and Houston, down the backbone of America instead ol along the Atlantic seaboard, mean a revolutionary change ih the de fense of the country And they are about ready to believe that il Hit ler wins, this nation might even be invaded Wiiat Is FDR's Policy? Important and astounding as is this new thinking, people aie a long way yet from going along with Roosevelt’s policies This is chiefly true because people do not seem to know whether Roosevelt has any clear-cut foreign policy They would like to know, and a great number would be willing to follow the President —even into war—if they trusted him. A surprising number even think that entrance into the war may be necessary and that it would be better to get it oyer soon rather than drag it oUt indefinitely But they are confused by the failure ot the President to chart the course Also they distiust all the Conflicting information they get fiom Washington. For instance, they remember that Roosevelt announced in the most categonc teims that the destroyer Greer was attacked fust by a Nazi .ubmatme But latei, they know, Secretary of the Navy Knox sent a report to the Senate that a British airplane fust attacked the Nazi U-boat, and that the Gieei actually was bearing down on the submai me when it tui ned back and hi ed So when the Kearny is torpedoed, the aveiag^ Midwesterner is skeptical as to wlidt leally happened Navy Censorship AgAin, the average Main Sli cctci had DO ideA that the U S Navy w as putting SJuns on Panama’s ships until ^ couple of them wcic sunk and Panama objected to the guns JlAdwesteineifa didn’t caic very
much if U S guns weie on Panama ships, and a lot approved But they would like to have known about it in advance, instead of having it leak out by accident Result IS that they now wonder what else has been going on that they don’t know about. Also the Navy’s censorship has given rise to a lot of wild rumois about shooting matches on the high seas, plus far more suspicion than is justified about secret international moves made by the White Ilouse Result—the biggest complaint you hear in the Midwest is “If the President would only tell ns what he’s doing' We’re not childien' We know we have to help Russia even if the Communists don’t believe in religion But why does the President have to make such a queer an nouncement about the Russians bringing back leligion"^ Is he tiying to fool That’s abom what it boils down to Folks in that part of the country feel they are out of knee breeches They don’t get much kick out of sleight of hand in these serious times And while they don’t want wai, they might be willing t go to war if they were led, not blindfold, but with then eyes open FDR's Bogging Details Almost one year ago, shortly after Roosevelt was re elected for a third term, Russell Leffingwell, a partner of the mighty house of J P Morgan, called at the White House Roosevelt and Leffingwell have been on the opposite sides of many fights, but despite that they enjoy an old fiiendship dating back to the days of Woodiow Wilson when FDR was Assistant Secretary of the Navy and Leffingwell was Under Secretary of the Treasury So Leffingwell volunteered to his old fiiend this fiank piece of ad vice ‘ You have two big jobs. Ml Pres ident One is to be Piesident, the other to lead the nation And as I look back on it, that was the one gieat thing Woodiow Wilson for-
got That was why he lost the country after the war “He got snarled up in the details of administration and forgot the broader problem ot leadership And that was why Herbert Hoover never could lift up the country and lead it on the road out of the deprission He got bogged down with administiation details. He forgot to lead the nation ” Leffingwell has not been to the White House lately But if he had, he could point out very truthfully that Roosevelt, as never before, rs out of touch with the people For eight yeais he made periodic tups across the country No President ever travelled as much as he His Clitics called it politics but whatever the label, the real fact was that he made the country acquainted with what he was doing He led the nation But today Roosevelt’s time is taken up with admirals, war strateg rsts, diplomats and the details of defense He sees no more of the country, gets no more feel of the people than he can snatch from the tram window between Washington and Hyde Park And m the Midwest, at least, the people miss his leadeiship Capital Chaff Capital chuckle of the week “What is Congress’ Aiiuthouse run by the inmates” Senatoi Gei aid Nye, from agricultural North Dakota, got an unexpected political spanking from M W Thatcher, Washington representative of the poweiful Faimeis Union and na tional grain co ops He denounced Nye for spending too much time time making isolationist speeches and “forgetting the farmer”, sun ultaneously praised Noith Dakota Representative Usher Burdick for helping the farmer Oklahoma’s eloquent Senator Josh Lee, a militant New Dealer, expects to be op posed for re election next year by Governor “Red” Phillips, die hard foe of the Roosevelt regime (Copyright, 1941, by United Fea true Syndicate, Inc )
W/mt Goes On Here?
By Bud Eberts “Yes Indeed’’—this is one of the longest and gayest week ends of the year with all the allimni coming back foi one more whirl Things are in readiness for the past students as all the decorations have been put up and many dances have been planned foi the next few days WGOH’ I Pi Kappa Alpha will hold its annual pledge dance tonight at the local chapter house The bandstand will be hlled by Glen Wright and his boys who will start the Pi K A house “jumping” at 9 p m WGOH’ Perhaps the biggest thing tonight IS the dance in the Union The bandt hiieis (bless them) have arranged to have Charlie Spivak bring his famous orchestra to the campus for this one night stand The band is gland, the back drop is a supei, the puce ain’t bad, the dates are got, and the alumni will be theie—so let’s spend an enjoyable evening tonight 111 both ballrooms of the Union WGOH’ Tdinoiiow night finds even more dances to go to and lots of good times to bt had—so we’ll be back then to review the rest of the weekend activities WGOH’ With a theme following the idea of “Dammit” and his doghouse, Pi Kappa Phi fiatermty will stage its fall pledge dance tonight at the chapter house between the hours of 9 and 12 The music-makers for the
M0imienWiMtorffi For Week-End .Throns Ih keeping with the spirit of this week-end’s gala homecoming festivities, Coach Dick Papenguth will raise the curtain on his 1941 swimming prospectus with an exhibition of match races and dmng in the Pieldhouse pool at 4 o’clock this afternoon Match races will feature outstanding members of the varsity pitted against each other, and also events in which fi eshmen candidates entirely will vie Perhaps the race in which most interest will be centered is that between Joe Williamson, one of the finest backstiokers in the middle west, and August Heidtke, a promising freshman from Lane Tech The race is slated for 150 yards and night will be Irv Given and his campus band The Pi Kapp’s dance, honoring the 14 members of the pledge roll, will be an informal affair
Hfeidtke, who gets away to a flying start and sets a terrific early pace, will* be foi’ced tb go the limit because Williahisbn is a notoriously strong finisher and a long winded swimmer Other races planned for the program, which, incidentally, is open to the public frbe of charge, include a middlfe flifethnce freestyle? sprint between Jack Carney and Vernon Hansel, altothel freestyle sprint event between Dick Kiatfeer, Claude La BSw, Fled Herr and Sneed and a toriid freshmen backstroke content between Dunn and Owen Four middle distance men, Horn Kiueck, Eiikson and Hazelwood will be featured in a sprint event ovei a distance which has as yet been undecided Vaiious othti back stioke, breaststroke and freestyle races Will round out the swimming part of the progiam To make the afternoon complete an exhibition of plain and fancy diving will be given by members of the varsity and frosh squads
Forn^Hc^rCof^s Form New Chapter ' Junior and senior coeds who were former members of Al^ibk Latnbdfi Delta, freshman scholastic hottObary, have formed a new Collegiate Chapter. The first meeting was held at the beginning of this week Gail Hennis was elected Iiresident; Monica Bueigler, vice president, and Betty Brown, secretarytreasurer Phyllis Scholl is the chairman of the program Meetings will be held on the second Tuesday of each month The next meeting will be Tuesday, Nov. 4 a Iw A i. Gtabam ^ instructor on the Military Department staff has been promoted to the 1 ank of Captain, effective Oeiobel 20, according to Word from the War Depailment CajJtain Graham has been with the Military Depaltment at the University since* Januai’y, 1941
FRIENDLY SERVICE Bonded Gas and Oil T. & R. OIL CO., Inc.
G. E. MAZDA LAMPS HOT POINT APPLIANCES BRELSFORD'S ELECTRIC SHOP 213 State St. Dial 5952
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
LUMA TODAY - SAT. 2 HITS
£LEer£D BY A LAVGHSLIDEI
henry AlDRiCN
for PRESIDENI-
ALLEN*:. SCHOOL OF DAMCINCa
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
Before or after the game tomorrow! Join the crowds for food and drinks here. Superdelicious, you'll say! * TOM’S RESTAURANT , 301 University St. Act088 ftom the Armory—You can’t miss it!
W^member
YOSJ’KIS ALWAYS WELC®3flJE AT WAECSIIEEN/S
Let’s Go Pearl Fishing!
We liave secured for fhts oceaiion* • limited number of pearl oysters from the South Sees Eecb oyster is guarenteed to contaiii a genuine cultured pearl Now you can have the thrill of selecting your own pearl right from the oyster The oyster will be opened before your eyes and the peer! extracted for you. LIMITED QUANITY Pearl-Bearing Oysters
CAN A BEAUTIFUL MODEL STAY PURE? See What Goes on Behind the Doors of a Model's Boudoir!
W ^ivowM. HESSOnEUlIRD miumt
TODAY thru SATURDAY
■ and—
Paramount Presents Clarence LMulford's „ |1N OLD COLORjtDO ' Fflotwlag WILLIAM BOYD
ALSO
'CAPT MARVEL" PATHE NEWS
Plus Daring Added Attraction HOW TO BECOME. A MODEL INTIMATE—REVEALING ADULTS ONLY TONITE-SATURDAY MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY
ALL SEATS
35c plus tax
Hays jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
TODAY -TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
A Love Story You'll Live With a Cast You'll Love' MERLE OBERON GEORGE BRENT
w.PAT O’BRIEN GERALDINE FITZGERALD BINNIE BARNES FRANK McHUGH — PLUS — A Robinhood of the Old West Outlaw—Lover—Gay Caballero' GENTLEMAN FROM , CALIFORNIA With RICARDO CORTEZ MARJORIE WEAVER
MAM STARTS TOMORROW
I cannot tell a lie ... it’s funnier than 'Caught in the Draftl'"
LAST TIMES TOOAY
Lloyd
rOLA
vonstanco
. ^ MOdRiB || Albert \ \DEICKER
i N'OYaN ^ I Constance
f)\ ■ li' <V
, Tff- - Paraae
«.y
5 ■ f, 0 ^'■
•')
'»JtasStf ‘ III'
iis
Fif^Sguash-Meet;
Tar^ tomorrow
. ^ Tom^^oW; mprSaing^ as part; of ^toss-pountiry squad^^ll'ieafve ,lT#re\at;n0dfivpdaj^ tHs Hbrnedbrnlng celebration on this
ta'Mfadison, Wisconsin, where Mey-wiifclksii' wif^^
1 ‘ V j' l i ’rtttv ■ ’ ; •'•;*^ :• hiS’yarsitySquaShmen through their
fh:sfr:ihhet‘bitHeyear.-i!l^iroh-
Thh’ Riveter team Which Coach^—... i. ■ ' iii..»i-.,mi...iim..i i , »■ jr.in . i. ponehts in this opener will he a ^.^mon Rhijlii^s add any pthfer school, ini the naliohi At teahi. chmposed of returhingalhm^1??:^ohe?tiin'e hibre than fijtiol)! loyhi^is- Mi''whb' in ^sast years .’have'iplayed alrhhny;' includes illihbiis, Indiana, coii^lh'fails turned but to i^thfess ,squash for the KiveterSf i. i ^i01hd'-Stateif\cohslst^.pf?i^Keifoli;^^ ■ - >■■ ' ^pJiy ‘f*rom 10"to l^V "" IpxWhg: Jd Hhl^rpiath Don loWa ' The time for the match; has been W«^dS^;.A)pplfet^[^p Chiles Dd^^rr . set fbr from 10 hntlM2‘ih-'and Darrell Roach, Keith :McLaughlin, . , if all Koes as exnected no'less than bnH rn« nhrio-Ln '' Vi' fade the undtefe&tedt Boilermakefrs “ goes as expected, no less than
tomorrow windncludeJourveteraHk ®^,:^®™« :®‘^'l®^^ker ‘:apm^
^ . v V _ from the team which Was humbled RrCsent
by:the:Kiyetfethhere last.year. Lait?^'’ p initial test of the season.
«OMJ^^<wer whi(m the meet After this match, howeveri there
a® cross-country squad from: lowa. ^ r
ong d^t^ce ci^, 'I^feS^il^hci^ Bqhad concluded ™onth until after- Tham^giVinfe dlrft^arallels thb lake which IS sit-: the regular season for the
uath«
»h Phtt
itii- A . ^ their"preparatibh for Sathrday.’s en- , .,, , . the. amt (kiadl ^y holding a light workout. "•
2#PT Judfeihg; by the Riveters* previous . ,, ,
tremely strong team of Badgers.to
^ defeat^ the Badgers there Boilermakers froni f®"® tW,d years ago. consecutive *®^^’
To-Mfeistf^ones’ Boys conference victory tomorrow, r.w.k. f r ?u ' ^
The Wiscohsim squad is coached — ' f by Tom Jones whose twenty-eight Dr, Didrik Arup Se'lp, former ,®i.f
years pfi Service make him one of. rector of the University of Osl6 ®^® , ^ neWCbmets t^o wete the old'est ; in' the' Western Confe:^- 'and visiting professor of Norwegiah °, season s Ereshman ence in-: this'.respect. Badger track at'the Uhiversity of Minnesota, is ®P ,' , . , .„ meets are ihore;. enthusiastically reported to he a prisoner in a hTaSiS u ^^® l^ho will'
supported than those at practically conceritration campj i^hll
.i__ ‘ • ■>■'■■ ■ - ■ ■ , '^ - . ■■ the Riveters in'their first meet
will be Jack Noll; at" present bf Ulevelarld, Jim' Mhtln of MiliVau|iee, Matfrfey M^akeifeid of 'Dattbii knd Bruce Carr of Chicago. All jtold, there will be some ten or twelve racquet wielders frbm the days “way back when” Here tbihor-i row and “Chief” is expCctihg some' hot competition for his protoges.
Fired by the sudden change for the better im weather, Mai Elw^rdls charges Weht through: the next to the' laet drill; before their Homecoming^ engagement with the lOwa HaWkeyes tomofreWl With-puntingand'kickirig takingmbst of the spotlight the gridmen finished their’mote strenuous work in' preparatibn for Eddie Anderson’s bbys; ^till Have That Drive ^ : -'- ' - " (■•■■-.■. h -; '. , V . ■ ■ ■ ■ The furtriing of both the backs ish. An air duel is expected to maand linemen showed that they teriUlize between lowa’s Jiin .Y'OUhadn’t lost the fire that drove them el and Tom Farmer and Purdue’s tb tWo touchdowns in the'final min* Kenny Smock. Youel and Farmer utes bf the Ohio State game last both have been firing long heaves Sathfdayi Tlfic’ bhefutibh'•'bf' t^ with deadly accuracy all season backfield was notably smoother whilfe Shibckkas lihiitefi' himiself to than if had: been uh to last week the shorter variety, and interferehch formed well. Melton Possible Starter “Ked** Carfer arid John Petty It is not yet known whether Tomadded two familiar as well as re* my Melton, Riveter guard and coassuring frices to the backfield last captain,.will be able to play in Satnight, both seeming: to' have recoyi urday’s encounter because of the ered fully from-their recent injur:!, sprained ankle he suffered at Ohio ie's. Alex'li'eUgn;'who'had been oh State. In the event that Melton is the injured-list since the beginning unable to man his position Saturof the Seasbri, was also back at MS day hiS place will be filled by either old center post. Bill Powers or John Vries; w.h.c.
Iowa Shouid'Come Back Sttong
EDITOR’S NOTE—-Bin Buckley, sj^Hh edit# iriF die «f vilest daily cbliegiaie newspapers. The Daily Iimriiti,' has dky’S GeStapb. ih it He presents the real Idekgr'iirictfid of the tehiir li^t will face the Bbilermakersin the Hbitiecoittihghittle tdrtbrif’o#'yT1fiihiwii» a-lbti Bill;' They Wfere*^SIioiotingpHig|h This is the year that Iowa fans, close to home and war away, intensely interested Or mildly concerned, dyed-in-the-wool supporters or far-see* ing speculators jumping on the band wagon, thought the Hawkeyes wrire going to have a winning team ... In fact, visions of that great and spectacular season of 1939 were not only formative, but rampant, - lowa was to have two Nile Kihnicks in Jim Youel and Tom Farmer, »n all-American fullback in Bill Green, and a tackle greater than.. Mike Ehirih in Jim Walker ..The situation was rosy—lettermen in every position, and touchdttwn*makers galbre
While the Rawfeeyes rire chrisid* ered the underdogs iri the tilt this Saturday Mai Elward remind^ us of the fact that Iowa is still tHri same team; both ihentally'and phy* sicaliy, that outgained' 'and out-
A6R^s,Sl|E^0pMk
Pushing across six runs in the
You Sun^lhc^
m
m
Let the nearest store that sells LEE Water-Bloc* Hats fit your head into this new semi-telescope*—| the Bearcroft — with a slightly narrow band and a hound edge brim. Wear it snapped way hack. For only 5 Bucks, you’ll be a bearcat in The Bearcroft;
35iH Fiffk Avenue, New
f f* R«9/U.5.'Pat. Off.
j.s.k.
PATRONIZR EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
MH, and MRS. H. M. SMITH
Are Back at
SMItHY'SCOACHt 331 Norlhwesterri Avenue '
for Jay...
AttfeMBlVEY
, HOW TO SAVE IVKINEY? TAKE YOUR i ■ I DATES,TO THE UNION. FUN IS CHEAPER I THERE! : . . V j,, f: ' V ' " EVERYBODY TIKES TO GO TQ THE || UNIOJy—WHY NOT JOIN THE CROWD? I MAKE THAT 4:00 COKE DATE NOW! \ AND YOU’RE THERE TARE ADI vantage:'OETH| TEA DANCES-—AND EYERYTH3NC ELSE.
l/fhm&’doL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of Activities
played Michigan. Also the defeat last two innings yesterday the.'SAE that the Hawkeyes'took at the Softball team tied the Alpha Gam* harids of Wisconsiri' last Saturday Rho squad and sent the finals should not be taken as a token of of the tournament into overtime; victory for the Boilermakers. It The game Was featured by ragged is from such defeats that many iuhrild play on both sides as well'as teams'hounce hack to play outstand* the fine work of both backstops, ing'games the following week. The AGR’s started off the scoring Both the Boilermakers and the with five runs in'the; top half'of'the Hawkeyes employ much the same first, inning. After this ekplOsipnV type of Wide Open_ attack and for the SAE infield tighteririd, arid fibr' this reason'the tilt should'prove to two innings the'garpe was a pitrihhrs be a brilliant one from start to fin- battle between‘■Hardiis of'the'AGR’s
and Havicht.
. Going into the last of the fourth the SAE team trailing 6-0, scored three runs. Two of these might have been averted by greater alertness pn the part of their opponents. Hardin visibly, rattled by what had happened, could not stem the tidri" l^n the last inning and Kiesel’s hit 'tied it up for the SAE’s. , ; Unable to go into extra innings
are exclusive dealers for the l|§||;i|ATS in |iafayette and West Lafayette
Prices $S.SQ) and up
TK(B Ratfgevs Were Kasiy ....It was alp right with those Hawkeye fans when the boys IbbHedhbard beatirig'Drake, 25-8'... And-itwas more than O. K. when the tesih'opfA plkyedf'Mlchigan, vanntedJine anrf all, but lost, 6 to 0 ... But theuearao Wisconsin; beaten twice by Marquette and Northwestern, and tHoHawliS did everything wrong but score a touchdown for the Badgers, and: now those farts know the true story. That Wisconsin game showed them just how bad that Iowa teatrt could look; just as the Michigan game showed how good it could'look . . . Tfie wide rarige of performances was just too much for Iowa, the state and its fans, to take, and now the wol-ves are howling . . . It’s a mystery as to who to howP at yet, and the wails are just directed at Iowa in general; not at the team or the coaching staff, but both. Ibwa has one week in which to redeem itself, and this Saturday you Purdue fans'-wiir see one of two things happen . . . Either the Hawks will win, redeem themselves for a time, and save a total of 14'sCrilpS (11 starting players and thiee coaches); or you will see the Hawkeyes lose, with the generar massacre starting Monday morning at eight o'clock, line forming on the right.
lowa l&Rieadyl
Iowa may be ready . . . After two weeks of almost continual scrirti; mage. Dr. Eddie Anderson has evidently decided the boys are tired ... He is giving them the week off, indulging only in si^aP practice; and those Hawks may be so grateful that they’ll play heads-up fohtbali. We know the team you Boilermakers have, and we whn’t'concede either side the victory by a single point . . . We’ll have to admit you looked mighty good' against Ohio State last week, but we also know what the HawKs'ean dh'.. .You^haye Petty> Miller and Melton, and we have Greenj MhrtlBs; Farmer: and-Diehl . . . It’s a take-your-choice game, becaiise the teairi will -Wiri which bbiries back the quickest . . . See you Saturday, and r KOPE you can-see us . ; . ,
because of gatheririg 'darkness, the offlcia’ls called' the'game.' This was the' third tie in' the filial^ for the SAE team; The game will probably he played off: next Tuesday afternoon.
TOUCHBALL Friday, October 24
OidFavprit^ in,ci ^3^ Fall Bressi;
For Autumn... Thi^^ Shantyann" Qjirt
Thnt's open at heel as well as the toe.
The shoe with a million friends! Up ' it, pops again in brown alligator grain' oh calf. - Smarter! Trinimer . . . ' with a touch of plain calf . . . it's light and just right' for every hour of -> the day. Can also be had In black, ■ wine and navy. Mail Orders Will, Be Filled Friomptly:
Shoe Department Owned and' Operated by Ourselves '"'>413.1'7 Maifi'-'SWeet''-' ■'
FOR TI^E STOCJK UP ON FILMS . 0 , CIGARETTES CARBONATED DRINKS
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth’37 D. N. Hansell’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
Ward 23 vs Ward 1
Bernhard
Ward 24 vs Ward Glazer ^
33
Ward 32 vs Ward 30
Noland
Ward 29 vs Ward 2fi
Rafferty
Ward 26 va Ward 22
Berman
6 Ward 12 vs Ward 10
Captain
SOFTBALL Friday, October' 24 Field 2 Ward 32 vs Ward 28—Final Game Olda—Jones, Umpires TENNIS Friday, October 24 All Campus Court 11 A. Crofts vs E. P. Wells 12 J. C. Cohen vs D. Rodsers Freshmen 13 Rodgers vs Crofts 14 J. C. Cohen' vs F. Dyer Jirnior 15 D. M, Collins vs C..N. Ross or Walsh : 16 J. Roth vs Hutchins dr Tormohlen
Tulane’s football stadium, capacity 23,000,-' is the largest in the South.
IOWA HAWKEYES Please Note: You will find our Boilernfakers pretty Tough Picking, but if you're lucky enough to find an eating place where they serve Piggly Wiggly Meats, you vvill find your Beef Steaks or Roasts so tender, that they will melt in Y&mi mouths.
PIGGLYWICC
iMMiiNTHAmiRAL MEp HorficuHureSotiely
Plans Annual Show
(scii{[(d Nppers jBegin Safe^ ^ df Hpmecoivilng Bailpons
A. WbifkcrB? Ghccka fbt iibjpjibfd end-' Ing .Octi' 7 afu ndW' availaWb'-at Casnier’a offi« in the fix.cutiv«
AlphaiLaitlhda l)elta Jnitlates: Dues must Purdue'VVheelmen: Hidc^unday^ Oet^ ;26tl' he^paid before Wednesday,! Gci. 29. Bring at 2:80, p.in. Meet/ in 'front, of E^ebUtlye or send: $4.26 'to South Hall/. roOiH 288.: .Building.- All bicydiSte/'invited/, ^
^'. Va''Aw, I '
#fS“
K#
1^7
• Riveter grid fans will have an opportunity to view future stars tomorrow at ten o’clock when the freshman intra-squad game is played on the practice field. This will be the Rhinie’s first real chance to display their wares since the season started, their practices having been limited before the game with the varsity in September. The squad has beeA divided into two teams, the Golds and the Blacks, and all outstanding players have been equally apportioned between the two rosters. Starting line-ups are as follows: Golds E. Anderson T. Rmiecik G, Kendall C. Ainsley G. Guthier T. Henry E. Hein Q. B. Close H. B. Beckley H. B, Wojciehowski F. B. Hurrle Black E. Allen T-. Aitken G. Dennison C. Seidell G. Doudna T. Clymer E. Maloney Q. B. Gofall H. B. Stram H. B. Newman F. B. Baker
Competition in Cary Hall’s softball tournament came to an end on Monday night, when Cary Hall 1 captured first place by defeating Cary Hall 6. Finals in ward and fraternity competition will be run off this week. Fraternity touchball teams entered their second week of play last night, and Cary Hall teams will play their last scheduled games to-
night.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon finally emerged from a battle of ties with Delta llpsilon last night, when it took a 1-0 softball victory. The win gives them the right to meet the Alpha Gamma Rho team in the
finals.
Twenty-first annual Horticultural Show will be held November %\ 8, and 9 in the Horticultural build-; ng. The sl|Ow is organized by the horticultural students and is fostered by the Purdue Horticultural Society. Exhibits Of flowers, fruits, vegetables, huts, and other horticultural crops have been planned and prepared by students. The results of many scientific ideas and experiments will be shown and judged. There will also be exhibits entered by professional and amateur fruit growers, t.m.s.
Gold anqj black balloons to be sent up at the first touchdown of the football game toniorrow afterirtoon are now being sold by Gold Peppers, coed honorary. The balloons may be ordered for ten cents apiece and will be . delivered tomorrow morning. The releasing of the balloons is an annual custom, similar to throwing up senior derbies."" a.l.w.
Mechanical EnglneeTB: 'The Afhetican Society of Mechanical Engineers Tneilibership applications ntiay be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical, Engineers building. —BOtZ
Sigma Delta Chi Pledges: Get your plaques from the office by -Tuesday, October 28, or they wiU be thrown away. —TRAUGOTT
Military Students: The following students are asked to try out for the pistol team October 27 at 4:00 p/tn. in the Armory: C. E. Bosma, M/ B. Bunker, K. S. Burnside, D. D. Dial, C. W. Bold, C. D. Emerson, B. C. Frioke, J. Ri Hoesdel, R. M. Ice, J.' H. Loudenback, R. , M. McKee, R. A. Nussmeier, R. "Vanveld and H. Wakelapd. ; —BROWN
Archers: All persons <|esirin'g to; partic-
ipate, in the all-campus .championship teurhament must attend meeting of. Archery club on Monday, Oct. 27, in iroom, 104, of the Fieldhouse at 4 tlO p.m. ‘—^FREyMAN
.r ■%
WAA: No girl can enter modern dance after Friday, Oct. 24. Practices this week are Wednesday, Oct. 22, and Friday, Oct. 24 at 4:00 p.m. —SERBAN
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting for introduction of new foreign student advisor and election of national convention officers "will be held in Room 303 of the Union Friday, October 24, at 4:80 p.m. Anyonfe interested in the club is welcome. : —KEELAR
Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lectures Saturday, pot. 25j at 8_.a.in. in Eliza Fowler' Hall; Seating assignments are 'posted near the main entrance of' Mich-• aer Golden Shops. . ™ -r-KNAPP
Notices
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day from 4-6 p.m. Tumbling and hand-balancing every Tues., Thurs., and Sat. Apparatus wprk every Mon., Wed. and Fri. Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times. —POZER
Purdue Christian Foundation: Everyone is welcome to Halloween parly, Friday night, Oct. '24, kt 8 p.m. Come masked or pay a forfeit. Party will he held at Christian Church. —WAMPLFIR
Military Ball Gommittee: Meet in north ballroom Friday, Oct/ 24, at 4 p.m. In, uniform. ' First pictures were unsuccessful. —DIBOS
PI Tan Sigma: Important meeting Monday, Oct. 27, at 4 p.m. in MB 'Reading room. All actives please be present. .' —GREGORY
Alpha Lambda Delta: All members want-
• ing pins must place order before WednesSigma Delta Chi: Dinner meeting for all day, Oct. 29. Price is $8.75. Bring or send actives Wednesday, Oct. 29, at 6 p.m., at, money to South Hall, ro^nn""'*
Sycamore. •—TRAUGOTT--..
-CORNTHWAITE
Lee Nash, '36, Succumbs After Surgical Operation Lee Nash, Ag ’36, passed away last Wednesday at Gainesville, Florida, after undergoing a surgical operation a few days previously. He was on the horticultural staff of the
Special Tea Dance
Florida Agricultural Experiment
Station. Following graduation from" the University, Nash took advanced work at Cornell University. He had majored in agricultural chemistry here and was recognized as a brilliant student in this field.
... for the Homecoming crowd will be held in the north ballroom of the Union tomorrow afternoon immediately following the football game. Music will be furnished by Irv Given and his jiand instead of the usual recordings. There will be no charge for the dance, vyhich is sponsored by the student Union, and all alumni and students are invited to attend.
Average yearly student expenses at Harvard university are .$1,295.
Everything for a " College Education -- DEAC’S
PINE BAR GRILL Parties — Our Speicalty 200 Columbia
Wesley Foundation To Give -Top” Parly Tonight A! 8
Wesley Foundation Will sponsor a “Pop” party this evening at the Foundation house from 8 to 10. En tertainment committee includes Martha Brown, chairman, Irobel Brady, Mary Baber, and Doris Rockwell. Eileen Carpater and Gladys Basinger are, in charge of the refrtshments. An alumni banquet for seniors and alumni will be served at 6 p.m. tomorrow. The price is 55 cents per plate, e.h.a.
Christian Foundation To Hold Party Tonight Seasonal frivolities in the form of a Halloween party "will be sponsored by the Purdue Christian Foundation, today, at 8 p.m. at the Christian Church. Everyone is welcome and all should be masked. The party will be a costume affair. Masks and false faces will hide the identity, of those attending the party. Prizes will be given for the best costume. . For any particulars concerning the party call Joy Wample, Jim Goode or Hubert Renolds. w.s.
Mortar Board
. . . senior women’s honorary, is sponsoring a homecoming breakfast for all Mortar Board alumni tomorrow at 9 a.m. in the Old Chestnut Room of the Union.
Rachel Schenk
... of the Library staff attended the School Library Section of the Indiana State Teachers Association at Indianapolis yesterday.
Classified 9 Ads
aper Towels: The .famous Nilroc. Buy these for your kitchen—Cabinets free. Paper napkins, toilet papers. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Lost: K & E Logf^Log-Decitrig slide rule. W. J. Newill on case. Call 8446.
Wanted: Piano accordion player. Apply Mit2i Cafe, afternoon.
Typewriters: Adding machines, all makes Bo)^, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimepgraph and multigraph work done. C. J. Ebershotf, 605. Main Phone 2779, Lafayette,
Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert's Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and Jewelers, 407 Columbia St.
Student wanted to work for his room. Phone 3768.
Lost; toady’s white gold wristwatch at O.S.U. pep session. Reward. Room 101, W. R. H.
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4lh and Main St. Lafayette
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
pYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
University Book Store
Acrosf From Union “Bed** Sainuioni *‘Ooc** Epple *40
ADDED ATTRACTION for the Game Saturday: “CAMPUS” GAITERS 39c 59c 75c
FOR CONVERIFNCF 4-
irs SMUT - IT’S $ii lines to III Setliins ot bfayelle and West lalayette LAFAYETTE TRANSIT CO., INC.
Who cares if there is a shortage of silk hosiery, when you can 'get cleverly styled gaiters like these? Plain and fancy knit lisles in % length, with elastic knit top. Colors included: Red, Green, Rust, Yellow and Tan.
Full Length Styles, pr ...,......,....$1.00
Thieme 8$ Wangerin Co.
622-626 Main Street Two Doors East of Lafayette Theatre
2 Soles (“24 Iron" Bolloms)
Soft London-Gratn. Calfskin
Just about twice as much shoe as you’ve ever set foot in before. Leather-lovin’ Londoners pay handsome prices for grand shoes like these . . . you get them ‘‘duty free."
HANDIWORK OF FREEMAN MASTER SHOEMAKERS
A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc.
406 Main Street
Phone 2001
Daddy USED to Be Handsome, Ma
LOOK AT HIS PICTURE IIY THE HEBHIS PRESERVE THE ILLUSIDI-YDU’ll IVEEH TO-m 1050
BUY YOUR
DEBRIS
NOW!
POPCORN FURNAS ICE CREAM Six Flavors . . . Pint 15c . Drumstick 5c
Dad's Place SO' '■ 'HANDY
F or all music at its best, you will find Victor Records best—best in artistic talent—best in tone because of Victor recording technique.
Opera and Concert Favor ites by World Famous Singers
KIRSTEN FLAGSTAD Die Walkiir.e—Ho-yo-to-ho {Wagner). Allerseelen {Strauss) . 2 sides. HELEN TRAUBEL Alceste—DivinitesduStyx {GlucJc). Tannhauser—Dich, teure Halle (/Fagner). 2 sides.
MARIAN ANDERSON Deep River—Dere’s No Hidin’ Place Down Dere {Spirituals). 2 LaURITZ MELCHIOR Die Walkiire—Siegmund’s Spring Song. Siegfried—Forging Song {Wagner). 2 sides.
SPECIAL G^OFFER!
The makers of Victor Becords are ce|pbrutlng the greatest year In their history with this sensational gift olTer on these two great Victor Red Seal Records* Nob. 18221 and 18223.
Buy Either One for Get the other one
$100 FREE
TWO FOR THE PRICE OF ONEI Both brand new 12" Victor Red Seal Records! This offer is for a limited time only!
ALEXANDER KIPNIS Brahms Songs—Volume 2.12 sides, in album.
No. 18221, “O PATRIA MIA" Sung by roseBAMPTON
famous American*hom stur of the Metropolitan Opera
RICHARD CROOKS Only a Rose ("The Vagabond King”) {Friml) .^[oRita{McCarthyTierney). 2 sides.
LAWRENCE TIBBETT Coin’ Homo {Adapted from Dvorak's "Largo”). The Bailiff’s Daughter {Old English Ballad). 2 sides. TITO SCHIPA Manon — Ah! dispar,- vision. WertheT'—Ah! non mi ridestar (Massenet). 2 sides.
AND “CELESTE AIDA"
Sung by
BENIAMINO GIGLI —two bejautiful arias from Verdi*s great opera> AIdA
No.l8223y
**WHENI WAS ALAD” from Gilbert and Sullivan*s M. S. Pinafore** And "THERE BS NO DEATH'* Sung by JOHN CHARLES THOMAr
Two stirring selections by on
America's finest voloes
I of
The WorJdU Createst ArtUU are on Victor Recorde To hear Victor Record* of their bett. play them on the neio RCA Victrola
lie sure to consult Ihe cuiupletu Vidor Record Culuiog
Other Great Song Selections by these Artists Rose Bampton—Song for Dovers {Deems Taylor). In the Luxemburg Gardens (Manning). 2 sides. Beniamino Gigli—Rigoletto—Woman jSFickle (UierJD.Tosca—Stars Were Shining (Puccini); 2 sides, John Charles Thomas—I hear Amer-icaSin^ing{Whitnian-Kleinsinger), (with chorus). 4 sides,’
in the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.
f
J
MiMINil