FEATURE TEUS > E^pferiefic^s \ ...... Of Dramafits Coach
Established 1889
- .1 , ■ o''^! j
! dlM FRiSiNtS
fd Mi&tdfists
On Saving Rubber
" Rutii th« Ruht
Voliinie 54. Nd;2Q
WiiilF; LafayeHe, Ihdiana
iday, jiifie 19, 1942
fnterviews For Applicants Will Begirt Today in Armory; Coi^ihue tomorrow, Monday
Sophomore and freshmen students enrolled in military training met yesterday in separate groups as members of the Military Department staff explained the significance of the. Army’s recently announced plan fbr voluntary enlistment of qualified male student in the Enlisted Reserve Corps and its application to their University standing. The new program, which is designed to insure for the armed forces a future source of qualified officer candidates from college graduates while permitting the students to 'finish college before entering active duty, was introduced tq students taking advanced EOTC training at their own expense yesterday. Arrangements are being considered whereby these stu-
dents may finish the course under contract as members of the Enlisted Eeserve Corps. A continuous series of personal interviews will begin this morning at'9 in room 5B in the Armory. Lt. Colonel Henry W. 0. Kinnard, who joined the Military Department staff Wednesday, will conduct the interviews for freshmen from 9 to 12 today, tomorrow and Monday in Order to fully explain the program and aid individuals in fulfilling requirements. Lt, Col. E, H. Hicks and dapt. E. McMaken will see sophomores in the afternoon of those days in the same room. Meetings for junior and senior men will be held Monday afternoon at 4. The meeting places will be announced in, Sunday’s Exponent. Selection of students for the Enlisted Eesei've Corps will be governed by tlie following requirenients: they must be citizens of the
United States; they must pass a physical -examination; and they must be betweeh IS and 45 at the time of graduatibh.' ' Not Subject To Ihdtictitth ' Those enlisted under the new plan will not be subject'tb induction for active hlilitary setvice prior to gradUatioVi tiiifess: (1) they are separated. from' the Univeh&ity except by ti^ph^fer tb Another School operating ' under the Enlisted EeserVe Plan;’ (2)'they' a'ffe not taking advanced 'EOTC 'and' fail to graduate with the class ill' which they hOfmally wbuld graduate, except aS recommended by the Uhivetsity and apprbved by the War Departmerlt; ■ or (’3) thby fail in the qualifying ' educational exainihatibn to be given after brilistrhent.'' ' In' regard to' qilestibhs' that have arisen in 'regard tb' the mental examinatibh, the Military Denartiheht (See jRESERVE PDAN, page 4)
Slipei-visiii,. In ‘*43 WillMtft'supprvisoT of the .Agricullviral keting Aii,niinistrati6n,.h.ks anhouheed an iheiteake of almost l6,6b6 in the number of, chil-
irbrnmefil Scienfisfs To purm^ Two-Pdy Conference Charles feenedidt .^ilart Laboratory of Applied Sciences, the new Physics- laboratory at the University, will be formally dedicated today and tomorrow during a two day conference on the mod«n probleins of phygics..Dr. E, U. Condon will be the principal speaker at the opening session which will be held in the air-conditioned lecture room of the new laboratory starting at 8 :16 p-fh- ]C)r. Condon, who will speak dh “Rhysics in Industry,” was formerly a teacher of theoretical physics at Princeton and is Well known for’ his. books on Quantum Mechanics. Condon’s speech will last from 8:15 until 8:45. Preceding Dr. Condon’s address. Dr. Lark-Horovitz, head of the Physics departmept will explain the significance of the new laboratories, and A. E. Stuart, a member of the Uni- ; ■ ■ ■ ' ' ' - ■ ' - versity Board of Trustees and
a pephew of the benefactress, will'give the response. There will be no admission charge to any of the sessions and all students and faculty members
f Local contractors, buildOrs, real estate men and architects. Who interested are urged to atattending a special preview Thursday afternoon of the Uni- tend.
University To Open War House
or Inspection By Public
I Love 'A Pafade . . .
Marches In Nation's War
By D-ick Eeed The University band is not to be found off its toes as far as supporting {he War-effort is concerned. Since the war began, both the militai'y and symphohie , band members have been working diligently to help instill in the people the fighting spirit necessary to “hold our lines” on the home as Well as foreign fronts. Whenever he can “Spotts” Eraiiek is willing to help the nation in these trying times. The sound of a brilliant march and the sight of long straight liles and wide ranks of marching men appeals to a citizen’s loyalty and pride of country, and it is for this /reason that musical attachments have usually accompanied the fighting forces. Not only on parade, but also in coricert; the playing of a great masterpiece will enlighten the people and make the listeners realize the full enjoyirlent' arid beauty of life. In this way music has often raised the morale of a low-spirited people. The University band serves to aid thfe Wkf'-effbrt in this ttitinhferi Duririg the first Woi Id War, patriotic fallieS,'Liberty Bbrid sales, and the like took place much more frequently than they do now. Ibllowing the military spirit of’ his uncle; tlie lhader 'of the band which led Shei'irian’s famous “March to the Sea,” “Spotts” was very fictivc during the last war. Band Beads Parade The HniVersity band cooperated with the nation by plaVing‘'f6r a great numbev of patriotic Occasions. At the’end of the war, the band was given the honot of being allowed to lead the famous Rainbow Division of the AEF, tlien under the command of General MacArthur, thl'ough the Victory Arch in Indiariap- • oils. This time, “Spotts,” a Major in the U. S. Army, is just as enthusia.stic towai'd rallying to the cause. He ,d>spl^*yed his zeal by writing a new patriotic
song which has been, named Arise America. Throughout the past six months, the band has taken part in many cone’eiTs and parades, including those for the Defense Rallies sponsored by the University last semester. The baud has contributed toward the efl’ective promotion of Defense Bond sales. The outstanding example of such an event is the statewide rally held in Indianapolis last winter. There the band played in concert, and the occasion was so stimulating to the public that an all-time high was reached for the sale of Defense Stainps arid Bonds in this part of the country. Band Plays For Navy On Tuesday afternoon of this week, our baud played at Gary Hall for the commissioning of the Naval tiriinihg-sdhpoi; and immediately upon returning to the Music Hall, the band members packed their instruments arid equipment and set out for MontiCello. At Mbhticello a Defense Bond sale was going on with dxten.slVe celebrations. Our.band led the parade thtougii ' the main streets of the city. Governor Sclirickdf arid several movie stars were presCrit arid rodb in the parade. From a stage that had been set up in the Court House square, the Univbrsity band gave a cbriceft which included a gToiip of Civil War songs, sfevhral selections from World War melodies, “God Blbste Adiei'ica,” Sousa’.s “Stars and Stripes Forbver,” and the “Star-Spangled Banner.” Plans ax'e nbw being made for the band tb jhiitHey to 'fi nunfber of place-s' throughout thd ribrthern part of Iridiah,a this summer to play for patriotic celebrations, Defense Bond sales, recruitings and other rallies for the armed forces, , and gathei'irigs in cobpbration with the War Production Board and the Office of Civilian Defense.
pvpt-v dnv {Bp tridi Vis, House” which Will fie Opened for the inspection Registration for the conferinLh rintrlom dnrdno- general public on Sunday morning at 9 o’clock, expressed ehce will be held today in the ivip ' H >, q. ^ ^ considerable interest in the possibilities of the novel, low-dost Charles Benedict Stuart Memorial . ^ structure as a means of meeting the housing shortage for of the new building and this 91,5,54 Ghildren Fed jbaily dcfsilSG WOrliGrs. afternoon will be spent in toui’ing '. Wfiep tb^:prpgr^m;reached' Particular interest Was expressed in the fact as explained ’^^^^^.^^^'^'^st^ation.^experiits p^ak in ]Vi,arclj, a total of by Carl F. Boester, director of housing research, that the held hi the Uni'^at 6 m^m! tonight
and the opening session will follow.
Schwinger—First Speaker
Tomorrow morning’s program will start at 10 a. m. and will be devoted to a discussion of “Theories of Nuclear Forces,” by Dr. ,J. Schwiriger, assistant professor of physics at the University. Dr. W. Pauli, of the Institute of Advanced Study at Princeton, whl speak on “Problems of Modern Field Theo-
ries.”
SchtViftger, who graduated from Columbia University at the age of
91,6,62:childrqn yvere being fed structure uses a minimum of daily in the public and parochial critical building materials, schools. All of the'bhlldren were Although Thursday’s visitgerVed at rio eokt to thenikblves „ „
while an 'additional 80,600 p^id a f ^
few cents mbre per meal to pattdke the time it is Opened to the., in the AMA iriheh program. ■ general public on Sunday it Widespread acceptknee of the will be provided With simple school lunch program, which has furnishings that would cost the accbtnplished its twbfold purpose of average householder under |125. iinprovirig nutrition standards and Visitors will be admitted to the providing new outlets for Ariierican house from 9 o’clock in. the morngrowri fafm goods, as the fii-st direct ing until 9 o’clock at night on Sunattack bn the nation-wide problem day and from 1 to 9 o’clock on weekof inalnutrition atribng children is days during the following week. The
Memfa^irs Tb biscuss Air Raid! FrecauHojifii
.School, custodians and caretakers 18, is the author of several papers
aeeountable for the increased par- final public inspection period will finish their two-day considera- on. physics and his Mesotrom theticipation in Indiana, according to be from 9 o’clock to 9 o’clock oti^^'^" Gustodiariship ih bry,-defiliiig with the structure of Fay. Sunday, June 28. War Time” with discussions of air matter, is in the process of developThe AMA supervisor said that in order to obtain the reaction window glass protect meilt. Pauli has been visiting lec'the ultimate goal of. the lunch pro- of visitors to the test house, which water supply precautions turer at the University for the last gram is to give every undernourish- has been constructed on the Hons- month.
ed child a balanced, appetizing meal ing Research Campus just off the every day. In addition Fay predicted western extension of Stadium avethat “with adbquate food available nue, the Greater Lafayette Chamber through Lend-Lease purchases de- of Commerce is sponsoring an essay signed to maintain fair farm .prices, contest. Visitors to the house will we are prepared to make further be given a pamphlet explaining the large gains in the number of chil- hbuse which contains an entry dren fed during the 1942-43 school blank, calling for a fifty word stateyear.” • , ment in regard to the possibilities of • - ' the design. A first prize of a
The two-day conference was held Dr. D. W. Kerst, assistant prounder the direction of the erigi- fcssor of physics at the University rieering extension department and of Illinois, will open tomorrow aftthe division of education arid ap- ernbon’S session,with a talk on “Deplied psychology of the University sign knd Construction of the Twen-
ih cooperation with the division of vbeatiorial education of the Iridiajia State Depdrtirient of EdtiCatiori. irisUraneb Conference Closes At the sartie time, the advanced
ty Million Volt Betatron.”
‘Statistical Noise’
Following this Dr. W. W. Hansen, of Stanford University, and how connected with the Sperry
Faculty 'The regular ihontiily meeting of the Faculty will be Held on Monday, Jrirte 22, kt 4 p. in., in Eliza Fowler Hall. A full attendance is expected. ELLIGTT.
(See PHYSICS, page 2)
defense bond is ofrered, along with Gyroscope Company, will discuss
a second prize of a $26 defense bond, and numerous other lesser prizes of
defense stamps.
liump, ME'42
Northwestern Indiana vocational home economics teachers’ five day conference on the campus will end today, according to Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology. Group meetings of working committees and a continuation of study units in adult education, school lunch, textiles, consrimer education, housing, and nuli'ition, occupied the main attention of approximately 200 delegates.yesterday. Inspection trips thi'ough the frozen food lockei' plant in West Lafayette, the puttering shop in the Union, and the home economics departments of Jefferson and West Lafayette high schools concluded yesterday’s program. WAA Tennis Singles To Slart Monday All coeds interested in entering this summer’s second WAA- Singles elimination tennis tournament starting next Monday are urged to sigh up at once. Girls with little tenhis experience are especially urged to enter the tournameirt.
Stunmar Prom Summer PiiTih, sponsored by the Student Union, will be held Friday, July 24. Dancing will last from 9 until 2, and the AWS Council has approved 3 a. m. hours for the coeds. Lt. R. W. Burrough Bombs Japanese ■ Lieut. Raymond W. Burrough, University student in ’38 arid ’39, recently had a narrow escape in an encounter with the Japanese over Rabaul. He was navigator in a twoengined bomber piloted by Capt. Ralph Michaels of Idaho, when it dropped incendiaries on a Japanese airfield, leaving at least 10 Japanese planes burning. The bomber returned safely to its base, iuaking an emei’gency landing. BuiTough played baseball while attending school. A. T. Wiaticko » ... head of the agronomy department, was in Chicago last Tiiursday and Friday attending a conference called by the War Proc^iction Board regarding the fertilizer situation.
Lt. Col. Kinnard fills Vacancy In Military Staff
i Lieutenant Colonel Harry W. O.
ward a close with a series of addi'esries bbiripdririg life insurahee and biisiriess property arid life iri-
sui’anefe and social security. Problems of estate distribution
were also taken up. The course began two weeks ago with a study of fundamerifal ihsurance prublertis, followed by specialized work in salesmanship rind buying. '
^Various methods of extinguishing incendiary bombs will be demonstrated before 66 civilian defense leaders attending the War Department Civilian Protection School at the University today at 2 p. m. in an area north of the Ross-Ade Stadium, it was announced today by Col. W. A. Johnston. Actual magnesiuiri slugs of the same type used in incendiary bombs \yin be used in today’s demonstratioti, according to Colonel Johhston. The magnesium slugs have a much iriore effective reaction than the magnesium shavings which are used in most demonstrations. Tlie first night incendiary deqionstration in the ‘Skeleton “village” erected north of the stadium wilF be staged Friday, July 3, at 8:16 p. m. Wesley Foundat-ion to Hold 'KraH Hite' . “Kraft Nite” will be held this evening at 8 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation House with Lester Michel in charge. ; Everyone is invited to bring his hobby and join the others working
in this group,
University military department, reported and assumed his duties as
an instructor Wednesday.
Lt. Colonel Kinnard, whose home State is Texas, is a graduate of Cuiuberland University, Texas Christian University, and the Advanced Course' of the Field Artillery School. He served in the Texas National Guard from 1906 to 1916, With the U. S’. Ai’rti'y in France from 1916 to 1920, arid has Remained in the Regular Almy slntie that time. Lt. Colonel Kinnard was serving in Hawaii before being detailed as an
instructor’ at the University.
Meets In Women's
Gym Today, tomorrow
Square dance inslitute will be
held today and Saturday at the {^Women's Gym under the direction of Miss Theresa Bell of the University staff and Miss Lucille Anderson, of Jefferson High School. Registration will be at 1 this afternoon in the Women’s Gym. The fee will be $2.00 for the two-day session of $1.60 for a single day, including
shower and towel privileges. Open To Both Women, Men The intensive course is open to
both men and women and will coverfundamental steps and terms used in American country dancing, eom-
Prof, Ben H. Petty, of . the School dances suitable for school and of Civil' Engineeripg, has been I'^creational programs, methods in elected national director of the So- fesching and calling, and materials
ciety of Professional Engineers. teaching.
Prof. Petty also is president of the evening there will be a dem-
of the ASME, was won by Myron B. Indiana Section of the American enstration oUsquare dancing by a
- Prof. H. A. Bolz, of the School of ■ ■ ' ■ ■ -
Electrical Engineering, who is hon-
orary chairman Of the University ,D©t)nS PlGlUlfOS
Student Branch of the ASME, has announced that Waldon E, Stump, ME ’42, is the winner of the A. A. Potter Award of $60 for his essay
^ , entitled “The Engineer and CitiKinnard, Field Artillery, recently ^^erassigned by the War Department employed as a to fill a vacancy on the staff of the mechanical engineer by Vickets, In-
corporated, in Detroit.
The contest for the Potter Award is open to student members of the
Seniors who have not had their Debris pictures taken may do so today in Room 60, sub-basement of the Union. This is your last chance—the photographer leaves
tonight.
DEBRIS OFFICE.
ASME and is sponsored annually by the National Committee on Engineers’ Civic Responsibilities of the ASME. The award is furnished by
an anonymous donor. Hawkins Wins Second
A second prize of $10, furnished by the University Student Branch
SPE Elects Petty National Director
Ben
Hawkins, ME ’42, former editor of Society of Civil Engineers, the Engineer who is now in the ad- A number of University gradvertising department of the General nates are officers of the Indiana SoElectric Company. Honorable men- ciety of Professional Engineers, tion was won by George F. Topinka which is headed at this time by
team from Jefferson High School with Mr. Clarence Bodle calling and “Wimpy” St. John at the piano. This program will be free to spectators, and a small fee will be
' Ealt widrieridaYlHlri -Wood, head of the National Joint Advisory Committee bn Aviation Education, addressed a group coilsiating of superintendents rind principles'from high schools thrSughout this area.
rind Richard P. Reul, both 1942 Clyde Walb of Port Wayne. Ralph charged for those who wish to
Simpson, ’16, is vice-pi-esident; W. dance.
W. Hadley, ’06, is second vice-presi- Specialized In I>ance dent; James E. Loer, '25, is secre- Miss Bell specialized in dance at tary; and Cary Vogelgesang, ’20, is New York University under the di-
graduates in mechanical engineering.
3AE Announces
treasurer*
University student branch of the Society of Automotive Engineers
WAA Golfers Must Hay jPir^t Metch By Monday First match in the WAA golf
rection of Miss Martha Hill and taught at the University of Pennsylvania for two years with Miss Ruth Alexander. Miss Axidersoh had daiiee training at Columbia University and the University of Cali-
is planning to present in the iiear tournament must be played by Mon- fornia. Last summer she attended
Mr. Wood Is making a tour of future several films on Aviation day. Scoi-es are to be given to Kath- Lloyd Shaw’s Summer School for the country giving talks on Avia- and Automobiles. The society also leen Gannon at the Women’s Gym American Country Dancing at Colotion Educatloii. In his- talk. Wed- plans to run a contest among the before this date. The advanced rado Springs, Colorado* ' nesday, he stated that aviation -was freshirien which will consist of orig- playexri will play on the nine hole Tomorrow morning’s session will changing our way of life and pre- inal papers on aviation and auto- course, with the green fees 30c. Be- include rhythmic fundamentals with sented a plan for pre-flight training motive topics. The details of this ginners will play on the three hole emphasis on the appKxach to modat high schools. contest will be announced later, course. ern dance at the high school level.Exponent Editorial Page Friday^ June 19;
mSJ-i I"; ^ 8i
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business, jturdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
E(5i!s,r-in-('Iii«r K*li:or M.’in.iRinu Editor Snorts KHitor Hojiiocss Mniiiitrcr Oirrolaiion Manager , Co.ad Editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophy John H. Armatrons Robert L. Hadley .. William D. Millard Ken.K. Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff Aasociate Editors Editorial Staff: R. W. Boswinkle, D. E. Butz, W. G. Hoakins. A P. Htinkr. D. W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Snorts Siafl; D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick, Cued Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Toed Ruainesa Manager: Julia Martin, .Adverlir.ing Managers: J. M. Wright, D, E, Johnson* Vomilation Manager: G. H. Klounian. Arcoiints Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane EelXI.
Staff For This Issue Nii:!il Editor: Hoskins Sports Editor: Brewer Dry Editor: Hass Issue Editor: Vegh Ril.r.rlris: Dixon, Hudson, Gaylord, Frey^an, Stout, Murphy. .'illheer. Sutton, Jordan.
Entered as second class matter at the post office In ^fayette. Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3* 1879, aM at the special rate of postage proVided for in Section 1103, art of Ocloher 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Wednesdav, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and winff'T s»*mesli‘r.s. Delivered locally by carrier for ?1.26 for summer semester; mailed subscriptions $1.S0. Keiircsented for national advertiaing by National Advortll^ ing Servire, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
ROME-
-TOKYO-
-BERLIN
dtotaiuup JhsL OxiA.
Niiiiaa-
-OAJIOl-
-avyoB
University Calendar Friday, June 19 '
Physics
Honesty
A’vn.nt constitute.s honesty in student work, v,e IjeliovG, is rather well understood. No one coil'd roach the level of a college student vviUiout realizing that such things as criblihi;;. !':eti ing tests ahead of time, and copying O'lv'r penplo’s work is unfair to others who ,are unable to get the same help. d lie puniidnment that has been set up here for tlirj olTendcrs who are caught may not be nuiie "0 vrell known. The minimum punishnieiU for the first offense is a grade of D in the couiese. The maximum punishment is ex]Vjlrir,n frem the University for a semester, Tcmnlly for a second offense is permanent cx.ujlrion from the University. Ihinc.sty here at Purdue functions under a rnllici' hybrid plan. The student is expected •to be honest for the moral uplift vvhich he ] :c''ivos from being so;, but just to make, certain that he does, he is usually well proct T'cd, ."Gated far from his fellow student and told of the punishment that will be meted out if isn’t properly uplifted. ■ Tlvi.e method of dealing with students depcn'l:. upon a removal of unnecessary temptation. It ai.:.o, however, depends upon the stud -lit to show the same honesty when he is not suuervised. ' Neither defending nor condemning the hybrid sy;3tem v/e’ve noticed a number of practices among students ^hat are dishonest and among in.structors that tend to promote this dishonesty. One of these is the practice of several of the ME 78 instructors of leaving tests on their deslcs while the class is given a short recess. The instructors also leave the room during the time. We have seen several times when the temptation proved too great for the class and the re.srdts of the test were surprisingly good. If the plan is to work this is one of the things that should be avoided.
The Summer Ratio
After going without mail for eighteen straight days, we finally found our mailbox containing an envelope. It wasn’t an ordinary covering for mail. Instead of being some attractive color, such as pink or blue or even a striped or rippled white, it was that same disgusting blank, prosaic, immaculate white that we get from a floral company the first of every ihonth. This wrapper didn’t have a perfumed scent like most of our roommate’s letters, nor was the back even marked SWAK. ^ust to make it different frOm any other, postal covering it was twice as long as any fraternity or University stationery. Then the payoff came when instead of the usual originality of spelling out the sender’s name, such as English letters, or sixty degree slanting, or even script, up'in the upper left hand corner was that midnight shade of black ink shouting out the sixteen letters which spell out— “Selective Service”! -—a— Under this heading were given reasons for failure of the addressee to receive this corresponSence. Among the reasons listed was one that caught our eye. About half way down in the second list with a little square to check in front of it was the cause-^ “Refused.” At first we were tempted to check that square and send it back, but suddenly a vision of us breaking rocks or eating beans three times a day came before us and altered our plans.
After breaking the sealed edge open we ejected the contents which were as bulky as the last 7,000 word theme we got a P^minus over G-plus on. On top was a list of names of the board of assistants to help you fill out this MQ (military quotient).
When we had, finished reading all of the first sheet of names and general instructions on how to read and imderstand the second list of instructions,' the last sentence read something like this—“Reread this page and consult one of these people before beginning to fill in questioneer.” About this timd our writing hand was getting very impatient and eager to fill in the hundred some multiple choice blanks, so we c^ist a.side the instructions and proceeded to cross out the “can's” and “cannot’s” the “have’s” and “liave net’s” that littered the pages that followed. Then after |inding out what we did wrong we dashed over the SS (not Sweet Shop) (office and got another semi-enlistment blank. Most of the questions were of a simple sort; but there was one that nearly stumped Us. It was right on the first inside page. Not forgetting all ^ur instructors''^ instructions for tests we finished the rest of the exam and in the.time left we came back to this part. We thought sure at first it was one of Doc Martin’s or the physics department’s tricks, but there it still was.—“I (can, cannot) read English.” Not, knowing whether they meant Chaucer’s English or Steinbeck’s English we filially took a guess and crossed, out the “Cannot.” rte
OEM Releases Tire Saving Information
8:00 A.M.9:00 A.M.9:16 A.M.9:16 A.M.9:16 A.M.10:00 A.M.10:00 A.M.4:30 P.M.-
-Canners’ Technician School Hort. Building -House Directors’ Training School WRH -State Sunday School Conven- , tion ....East Faculty Lounge, Union -State Sunday School Convention :. West Faculty Lounge, *' > Union -State Sunday School Convention Room 363, Union -Trade and Industrial Educa- ' f tion Committee Room 263, Union -State Sunday Schoor Convention , :....Eliza Fowler Hall -Cosmopolitan Club Meeting......Room 304, Union
Saturday, June 20
9:00 A.M.—House Directors’ Training School - ...WRH 6:00 P.M.—Physics Building Dedication Dinner ' .....West Faculty Lounge, Union 7:00 P.M.—POMM Rough Initiation.... Arinory
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
(Continued from page 1) the “Physics of Statistical Noise.” After an inspection of the research laboratories and an informal dinner in the Union, Dr. J. A. Becker, of the Bell Telephone Laboratories, will demonstrate and explain “The Electron Microscope and Its Applications” at the closing session of the conference., Pres, E. C. Elliott will also speak at the final meeting. The new laboratories, which were occupied last fall, are devoted to the teaching of engineering, general and' advanced physics as well as to research in the fields of theoretical, experimental and applied physics. The main research laboratories in the sub-basement and ground floors are air conditioned to insure constant temperature, ‘Atom Smasher’ In New Building The new building houses the University’s cyclotron or “atom smasher” and the radiation laboratory with its newly developed accessories is devoted to the use of I’adio active tracers in biological, agricultural and metallographic prob-
lems.
On the ground floor of the Stuart Laboratory are elaborate acoustical laboratories as well as the laboratories for the conduction through gases and nuclear physics. In the same part of the building are electron diffraction and X-ray labora-, tories which are fully equipped for investigation in the structure of matter and the, study of industrial problems. Lecture Room Seats 300 The main lecture room, which will be used for the main sessions, has a seating capacity of 300 and is air coiiclitionecl. Smaller air conditioned rooms will be available for group discu.ssions. In addition to the special laboratories, there are twelve large undergraduate laboratories, ten recitation rooniis and two lecture rooms. The total floor space of the building is 96,000 square feet. The new laboratory was made possible through the generosity of the late Mrs. Alice Stuart as a tribute to her husband Charles Benedict Stuart, who through many years dedicated his creative citizenship to the Univei'sity both as a member and as president of the Board of Trustees'. .
IM Schedtll^ii
The following, Fraternities williBlW and Black Friday cveniiiK/J>«* ' Field . ... Inu! 1 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Sigma Chi. Referee: Soderling 2 Theta Xi va. Phi Gamma Delta. Referee: Marozick ^ 3 Theta, Tau vs. Sigma Phi Epsilopyf Referee: Rodgers . 4 Sigma Nu vS. Kappa,Sigma. . . ^ 1 Referee: Vegh. 7:00 . .;•• 1 Alpha Gamma Rho vb, Tau Epsiloi^ |*hi. Referee: Soderling . 2 Alpha Tau Omega va. Theta pjih, v Referee: Marozick 3 Alpha Chi Rho va. Phi Delta: Tl^^v Referee: Rodgers 4 Delta Upsilon vs. Triangle, i : . Referee: Vegh. , ,. , The following tennis singles .will be played Friday evening at 4 o’clock : ... ^ 1 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Court I •' •' ' '■ Epsilon. i ^ J. ■ ' 2 Delta Upsilon va. Winner of Phi K^tipa Sigma and Phi Sigma Kappa. ; 3 Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi. ^ These games are the ^larter-finals and must be played as scheduled. Housemothers Elect Wood President Mrs. Ralph Wood, of Tulsa, Okla., was elected president of the business meeting of 97 housemothers who are convening here for a four weeks’ training period. Mrs. L^ura Graves, Granville, Ohio, was elected vice-president, and Mrs. L. K. Vobrhis, Greencastle, secretary - treasurer. J R. Johnson, of the University purchasing department, outlined the problems of food purchasing at the business meeting, and Dean Alice Lloyd, of the University of Michigan, continued the series of discussions bn “Objectives of Student Living Groups.”
. . And to GUI' new workers all we a.sk i.s that you give these machines the same serious concentrated all out attention you would a slot machine!”
8.44
to 1
\Vi ’ll rlai't out the morning with a word of advice l!/ jilcnickors: a flashlight along with you. It is most disfui ’diig to .step on people in the dark. JJe ;-ure to inedude blankets and pillows. A blanket of ' l,ur.' may cover you, but it doesn’t make the ground iiny .softer. ■ '
l liiLfiSOPHY FOR THE DAY .... 1'HEN THERE IS THE SOUTH CAMPUSER WiJO THINKS “HORSE SENSE” IS “STABLE 711 iis KING.”
HLV GALZ Dor Cole is leaving town! Stock up on your mediciiio ( ?)' today!
Doii.v Benson, KKG, is sitting home alone now to lliiiil; about that man in the service, since Beta Arnie Farnc'-avorth ha.s been turning his attentions to Theta I'b-a lo de. Looks like certain foundations are being laid f or something.
( oi rection on laiA week’s statement about UN'J itUE news. "We take TRUE news and clean it up!”
i D AT J KN O’Cl.OCK GLINT . . . Jn Alpha Xi “Ginny” Bar,son’s eye indicates tern "Bub” Horton, Lambda Chi, is coming round the .Vlpha Xi house about that time. '11! KE PINS? ONE GIRL! ' ( hi O IJIlian Diesch is applying mass production two A'l'O pins and one Kappa Sigma jewel. Who will be the winnei'? So far we have gathered the names of "Chuck” Grotnes, Kappa Sig, and Bob Hemiiiingvvay, ATO.
WHY .... , . . doesn’t Phi Gam Steve Minton catch on? Now a date, next a push-off, and bo on. Pat Emhoff just don’t seem to care. What about that?
Editor’s Note: This is^the last article of the series on the nation’s rubber crisis published by the Office of Emergency Management. There could be no better time to talk about saving rubber and making the tires’ on America’s automobiles last than right now when we are entering upon the season of warm weather. From now until the long offensives of Spring and Summer have been concluded and war has entered upon another stage, treads on the tires of our automobile.s v«ill be wearing out twice as fast as during the winter months. Tire Enemies Heat and friction are the great enemies of rubber. Tire treads wear out five times as fast in a temperature of 100 degrees a.s when the thermometer registers 40 degrees. Friction is always with us. But patriotic drivers, anxious to save that rubber in tires which is the greatest civilian reserve of rubber, can do something about friction. According to the Rubber Manufacturers Association, tire treads are worn out twice as rapidly at 70 miles an hour as at 45 miles an hour. Every time brakes screech for a sudden stop, irreplacable rubber is torn from the treads. Foolish Motoring The spectacle of American cities these days is di.stressing—cars that move at tooi great speeds and carry too few people, taxis cruising empty, brakes that grind out their story of wasted rubber. This obstinate insistance on “Motoring As Usual” is foolish. It is foolish because the people at the wheels are driving themselves off the roads, because they themselves are hastening the hour when they will be unable to drive any more. The tires on the wheels of America’s 34,000,000 passenger cars, taxis, trucks, and buses constitute a tremendous reserve of rubber. It amounts to the staggering figure of approximately 1,180,000 tons or almost twice the rubber consumed by the U. S. during a normal peacetime year. In these circumstances the rubber on the wheels of civilian automobiles is there in trust and it is the obvious duty of every motorist to make it last as long as possible, serve as usefully as possible. Fuiidamental Rules A fundamental lule to follow if you would keep your tires useful, as long as possible, if you would take care of your share in America’s last great reserve of rubber, is to drive only when there is good leason for driving—and then, whenever possible, see that others ride with you. There are other rules, too. Keep your tires properly inflated at all times. As little as 30 per cent underinflation will cut one quarter from the life of a tire. Shift your tires from wheel to wheel every 6,000 miles, and 'don’t forget the spare. This will insure even wear —a tire which wears unevenly loses its rubber more quickly than a tire on which the rubber is worn uniformly. Don’t drive too fast. It is a good rule not to drive faster than 40 miles an hour 'for the duration and never take the corners at high speeds. Nothing— the experts say—wears out tires more rapidly than this.
WBAA Will Broadcast Songs Of Modern China Chinese Student Union of the University ha* granted permission to WBAA to broadcast a special series of recordings of songs of modern China tomorrow at 7:30 p. ra. , : - Paul Robe.son,:; Negro Ijaritone who appeared at a University convocation last year, will .sing the message from China’.s fighting millions. The album, called “Cheelai” or “Arise,” will be .sung tir.st in Chinese and then in English. Hays Jewelry Co. 4^ 131 North Fourth St, X Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
Seed Analysts Close Conference Today Seed te.sting conference of seed analysts front seven states will end today. Thi.s is one of the five regional meetings called by. the U. S. Department of Agriculture to promote uniformity in testing agricultural and vegetable seed.s for labeling in conformity with the Federal Seed Act.
LUMA TODAY . SAT. BULUT-STREAKED THRIUSl SILVA!
TODAY-SATURDAY
JUDY CANOVA BILLY GILBERT Skinnay Ennis & Orchestra
HELD OVER TODAY - TOMORROW HKDRic" MARTHA MARCHSCOn iftelMltD Hmi
PLUS
INTERN AffONAL SQUAPRON' — WITH— RONALD REAGAN OLYMPHE DRADNA
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SAJMRpAY A tropic.jl whirlwind of Iau9hter and lifting rhythm. ROAD TO SINGAPORE — WITH — BING CROSBY DOROTHY LAMOUR BOB HOPE
Everything for a College Educatifm .fDEAC’S
MAMS -last times today
Starts TOMORROW
IFULL STO^S OF \ KODAK FILM
AIJ. SIZES OF • CUT FILM • KOI.LS o PACKS Verioiiroini; Panaloiiiic X Si(|K‘i- XX liirra-Hcti Kodaelirome Ko«ia<;«)lor FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State St. W. Lafayette
. . In facf The BOYS of old PURDUE wear SLACKS . . without season oWeason . . . slacks for class . . . for campus careening ... for a two-some al fresco feasting and for games . , . active or passive. WOOLEN SLACKS. i $5.00 to $8.50 WASH SLACKS . $2.50 to $5,95 SPORT SHIRTS / $1,00 to $5.00 REMEMBER DAD—SUNDAY, )UNE 21st “A Gift From the Baltimore He'll Appreciate BAL'nMORE CLOTHES SHOP Everything for the Maniff
'^r Kt\ y n 1, s y>(^'‘r''^ ^r | k?' ^ j ^
Friday^ June 10, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
TtWf-’ *4-U^ ‘rm^‘-M'i
¥
Ptif0»
Cary Hall Sports In Action; Softball Tournament Goes Into Second Round
S
ports Communique o Another By Bob Hadley
Six Cary Hall units opened the second round of their intra- mi. t , ^ t , i i ^ i . i, V . 1 ii /* i /. 111-. The Indians of Indianapolis, now maintaining a fairly precarious nold ^all softball tournament in the first of six scheduled games ^he Mnencan Association, avenged an embarrassing last Wednesday evening Unit two, on top of the standings 15 2 massacie which took place at the first game m their series with at the close of the first round, suffered its second defeat of the Great Lakes, when they down the sailors, 7 1 They had, at the the tourney at the hands of unit five Team one and three same time, the pleasme of snapping a 21 game winning streak which
were also victorious ip the
opener.
The defeat of Hall 2 and the victory of Hall 1 leaves ffhese two teams along with five,an a three way tie for first place Each now has a record of five wins and
two losses
The second set of games in the p,,, Gamma Delta
second round will be played next Monday night None of the first ’ place units are scheduled to meet Two will play seven. Hall 3 plays one, and Hall 6 meets Unit 4 The I M office announced yesterday that the Cary Hall golf tourna ment will start next Satuxday aft
ernoon All seven units will begin Aipha'^chi^Ri o teeing off at 1 p m shaip Three Phi Sigma Kappa men will represent each unit in Ac'acia'^
IM Schedules ALL CAMPUS BOWLING TOURNAMENT
STANDINGS
3rd Week
A Bracket W L Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7 2 Phi Kappa Tau 6 3
Delta Upsilon
Lambda Chi Alpha
Beta Theta Pi Alpha Sigma Phi Cary Hall South
B Bracket
Phi Delta Iheta
Iheta Chi
Kappa Sigma
Alpha Tau Omega
Sigma Nu
foul
High Individual Score
Will DG Wiechell Alpha Sigma Phi
High Indivi 1 al Senes Wiechtll Alpha Sigma Phi
three foursomes and
somes Individual scores
added together to make up the final unit score upon completion of the'
second lound, which will be played High Team Senos
one week from this Saturday Individuals from the six units opened the first lound of the Hall’s horseshoe touiney last night Pitch ing will continue every Monday and Wednesday night until each unit
has tossed in six games
Ward Competition
Ward softball competition is con tinuing as scheduled, each waid hAving played three games At present waids 2 21, and 27 are lead iiig the pack with a recoid of two
wins ahd no losses
All ha Tau Omega
rh follow ng Wal’d S ftbnll be play d Monday evening at 6
Diam n 1
4 Wi rd 1 vs War! 2G r War 1 2 V War 1 29 6 Warl 4 vs War! 21 7 Ward 6 v Ward 22 8 Waid 2 vs Waid 27
894
23 )9
Lieut Cochrane’s boys had been enjoying previously The Philadelphia Phils issued Cy Blanton, veteran hurler his unconditional release Saturday, when it became certain that Blanton would not be able to take the mound again this season, because of an
abscess in his right side
Blanton was one of the outstanding members of the Pittsburgh Pirate crew that fought the Cubs right up to the end for the national league pennant a few yeais ago in the time of Gabby Hartnett In fact it was Hartnett that settled the issue in the gatheiing dusk of a September evening with a drive into the stands, when “Gabby” was supposed long
since to have given up doing that sort of things
Last year, Blanton won 6 and dropped 13 for the Phils, but his lifetime major league record reads 68 won, and 67 lost If he can lick the various ailments which have dogged him all this season, Cy hopes to return to the major league baseball picture next spring Everybody in midwestern tiack cades is going around patting everyone else so concerned on the back these days The 69% to 5714 defeat of the West Coast tracksteis by the Big Ten contingent after years of reversals has really spread some sunshine in the Western Conference tiack business Everyone is elated with the possible exfception of the Pacific Coast squad and the majority of the dopesters, who said it
couldn’t happpn ^
The Cubs, apparentlj, resent being experimented upon by Larry MacPhail and his Dodgers Even thought they vanquished the Dodgers in their first twilight game at Brooklyn the other night (sdmething at which they have not been too successful in broad daylight), the Cubs set up a terrific howl about the twilight to night game In tact, they raised such a big noise about the game, which I began in the waning daylight and finished up udder the lights, that MacPhail is going right ahead and scheduling five more just
like it
Cary Hall w 11 have the first i ind f their CoK lournamcnt S turday afternoon T I o 20 Ihe ffllowinK tenma must le at tl e Ui iver tv Courbc rca ly to tee off at 1
clock
1 Ken Mailm Don Rol erts J I auder Bcclcett 2 J r 1 Till 1 Iwnr 1 J Tones rf R H label Dick McCool Bob Sciant n
GritT
4 B I arson By n Rumble D ck Sm th
Richaid Salzer M Laddon Cil Wolter Don Hen
SCOBEE’S — All Kinds of Photograpliic Supplies Fresh Film and Film Pks — Try Our Quality Kodak Finishing — PROMPT SERVICE
Plione 2343
105 Northwestern Ave
Bill Theil Smith G John /immerly dnekson This tournament will be playel on two Saturdays the first flight on June 20 an I the second fl kI t on Jure 2 The winners w 11 bo determ ned by the hn,hest combined scores of each Un t Scoie cards must be obta e 1 at the startei house Th y must be pned I y or i nci t ai 1 left n tl o box f the Intiam r il OfTice immediately after play The f 11 w nj, Cary Hall team w 11 i lay S It) all Monday even nu June 22 at 4 cluck ' Di mond 13 Caiy Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 7 14 Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 1 1 Cary Hall 6 vs Caiy Hall 4 The f llowinj? 1 ratern ties will play Soft ball Tuesday eveninu June 23 at 6 30 Diani n 1 1 Phi Kai pa vs Ali ha Chi R1 o
2 Pi Kappa Phr vs Sigma Phi Epsilon 3 Ta i Epsilon Phi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 4 Delta Ch vs Alpha Tau Omega 5 Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Gamma Delta 6 Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Kappa Tau 7 Kapap S gma vs Beta Theta Pi 8 Acac a vs Phi Kappa Sigma 9 Theta Tau vs Pi Kappa Alpha 10 Theta Xi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon 11 Iheta Ch vs Siuma Pi 12 PI Kappa Psi vs Delta Upsilon 1 D Ita iau Delta vs Triangle 14 PI 1 Sigma Kappa vs Beta Sigma Psi 1 b uma Alpha M vs Sigma Alpha Fps Ion ir All la Gamma Rho vs Kappa Delta Rho 1 S rma Ch vs Sigma Nu The following Cary Hall Softball games will bo played Friday evening at 4 00 D imond 13 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall *■ 14 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 6 15 Cary Hall 3 \s Cary Hall 5
dmf i&, ih^. dcuf, io appMaaisL J-aihsiA., buL Sundcuf, ^unsL 21aL Ja, FATHER'S DAY
No one gets a “bigger kick” out of looking smart than Dad. Choose his gift from Geisler’s complete stock of merchandise. Your sure to find the size and color he’ll like.
CLOTkTS S
Francis Meakim loss to Elmei Burnham’s grid squad was announced yesterday when it was learned that Fiancis Meakim, 180 pound junior from Mt Caimel, 111, who was being counted upon to cany the light halfback duties next fall, had enlisted in the Naval All Corps Meakim expects to be called sometime in August The loss of the shifty halfback who last year along with Smock and Andretich formed one of the stiongest tiio of sophomoie backs in the middle west will undoubted ly prove quite a problem to Bum ham in the Eivetei s gruelling 10 game schedule next fall In addition to his aggiessive running Meakim could pass with the best of them and could do his share of kicking if the occasion arose Looked Good Against Hoosiers Meakim bioke into the lineup duimg the second half of the Van derbilt game and shaied the right halfback position with Tony Berto in each game aftei that Meakim climaxed the season with a brilliant peifoimance against the Hoosieis at Bloomington While at Mt Caimel High School Meakim, teaming with Andietich was lated to be one of the finest prep stais in the state Meakim is a membei ot Beta Theta Pi social fiateinity
Theta Chi's Win Over Time Tilt In Softball By Jim Ackerman Following last night’s games in the Interfratemity SoftbaH League, the Phi Delts were still in first place, followed by Tall Kappa Epsilon and Sigma Alpha Mu. Of the twelve games in which scores were completed, by the time the paper went to press last night, the match between the Theta Chis and the Theta Xis proved the most exciting Theta Chis Beat Theta Xis The game went to eight innings before the Theta Chis could eke out a 2 to 1 victory Not until the eighth did a run cross the platter, then the Theta Xis pushed one run over if the score books are not properly in the first half of the inning, scored Before the names of the The Theta Chis came back in the scorebooks there are T II. « . supposed to be the positions they their half of the inning to pj^yed in the fourteen books quickly wipe away the lead, which were summarized after the and score another lun besides, to games last night only three of them win the game The pitchers of both were properly written up teams allowed but six hits each If the fraternities want their Jones hurled for the losers and Sea games written up correctly, they
will have to have their managers learn how to score and how to write The standings of the leaders after last night’s games were
W
borg f01 the victoi s
Another close contest was the
Sigma Nu, Phi Kappa Sigma battle, which the Sig Nus won 6 to 5 The Phi Kappa Sigs scored two luns in
the last inning, but they needed Phi Delt three, so they were minus their one Tau Kappa Epsilon run Sigma Phi Epsilon played a Sigma Alpha Mu close game with Alpha Chi Eho '’‘Delta Upsilon
when they defeated them 3 to 2 Phi Kappas Have Shutout The pitchei for Phi Kappa hull
ed a one hit game and a shutout
against Phi Kappa Tau, as the Phi Sigma Chi Kappas won 3 to 0 And while on Phi Kappa Tau this subject of trying to find out Theta Xi the name of diffexent players on Alpha Chi Rho
these teams it is impossible to men
tion who did this and who did that *Tied 1
Phi Kappa
Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Phi Epsilon
Sigma Pi
Boilermaker Athletic Squads Hold Average Big Ten Record Competing m 60 Big Ten dual engagements in nine sports during the past athletic year, the Boilermaker teams chalked up 32 victories as compared with 28 defeats to finish in the
right hand side of the conferer|ce ledger with a 533 aver-
age
TheE.veteis.matenallya.d- DoublOS
Theta Chis Win
GREETING CARDS FOR^ALL OCCASIONS iversitv Book Store
Across From Union Red Sammons 29 * Doc * Epple *40
ed by the performances of the Big Ten championship wrestling and Cl OSS country squads, held the edge ovei five of their conference iivals foi the yeai Indiana, North western Iowa, Chicago and 'Wis consul, but weie bested on an allspoit basis by Illinois, Michigan,
Ohio State and Minnesota
^illllfilltlllllllliliiiilllllllllllllllillllllilllllllllllllllllil^ I FRIENDLY SERVICE | = Bonded ^ = Gas and Oil * ^ 5 = I T. & R. OIL CO., Inc. | ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiF
OPPONENT Chicago Northwestern W aconsin Wisconsin Iowa Indiana Ohio State Illinois M ch gan M nnesota
PURDUE Won Lost
1
i
i2 28 Sportsi included in the summary are foot ball basketball baseball track cross coun try tennis golf swimming and wrestling
A doubles combination of Ed Ratchford and Hairy Petit copped the fiateinity tennis doubles championship for Theta Chi in the final round of play Ratchford and Petit defeated the Alpha Chi Rho duo of Viiens and Johnson Wednesday evening Single competition in fraternity tennis has advanced to the quarterfinals with the Phi Kappas already to play in the semi-final round. Eight squads aie lemaining in the court play, with the coming Theta Chi Phi Delt match this week-end expected to decide the championship The final round will probably be played next Monday
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis, will be taking Debris pictures in Room 60 in the sub-basement of the Union Building, starting at 8:30 A. M., Monday, June 8. Every senior who has signed up with the Debris has a definite time and will be expected to appear at that time. Each senior will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of the sitting. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and is payable at the time the picture is taken.
FRIDAY. JUNE 19
1 1 00
2 35
Osborne ] A
8 30
Monteith Shirley
1 1 05 1110
Yoder W G
2 40 2 45
Harpster Marguerite Hubert A W
8 35
Ruggles Will am
1115
2 50
Siff R
8 40
Courtney A L
11 20
2 55
Britt R L
8 45 8 50
Leonard B R Moffett C R
11 25 1 1 30
3 00 3 05
Gregg F B Weber H A
8 55
Peppier T F
11 35
3 10
Hrpp C j
9 00
Katz S
11 40
Santos J K
3 10
Lindsey ] W
9 05
Buchreus A j
1 1 45
Heckard D
3 15
Eddy W M
9 10
Stettner R
1 1 50
3 15
Gustafson j K
9 15
Pasko J S
11 55
3 20
Bottomley H W
9 20
Steck Dorothy
1 00
Blank Jane
3 20
Todd R S
9 25
1 05
Dunn j
3 25
Hayes Marvel
9 30
Owens P R
1 10
Sleeper R
3 30
Hayes J E
9 35
1 15
Warzynski E A
3 35
Shafer W P
9 40
1 20
Madden J A
3 40
Martin Julia
9 45
1 25
Ford B A
3 45
Croll P D
9 50
1 30
Plummer M C
3 40
Allen J W
9 55
1 35
Overpeck R L
3 50
Fadale L V
10 00
King F
1 40
Youngblood j T
3 50
Liang T L
10 05
Steinmetz 14 F
1 45
Timmons C b
3 55
Galloway J R
10 10
Van Andel J
1 50
Weber Dorothy
4 00
Vollmer F J
10 15
Wayne Faith
1 55
Striby H H
Orr R W
10 20
2 00
Trotte'r j B
4 05
Bramley H F
10 25 10 30
Goll J N
2 05
K tley M Visin R j
4 10
Marozick N E Bennett G H
10 35
2 10
McNabh R W
4 15
Arkin A E
10 40
2 15
Esden R
4 20
Taylor R W
10 45
Paine 14
2 20
Iddings 14 G
4 25
Friedman C
10 50
2 25
Grabfelder Suzanne
4 30
Hendrickson Dorothy
10 55
2 30
Day M R
4 30
Williamson Eva
CDahjuA,I
%
^ JH a\ ^ \ { fi k. \. t •’
Purdue Exponent
■■■awyWf tljf'
Friday^ June 19, 1942
>v
■tilii
iiiiiiti 1 nniii ill
Drama Group Honors Carmichael ■ |«|^l■lli^fl .^i*. iilifi iy*i.ii|yi.|Li»iwto H.
pi^^YshopOirectorR&iectiOff&r Reporter Relates History
Notices
WAA Tennis Players UoKinneis lourna-' TOont to bonn M )n(l iv func 22 Girls nitcKsted siRii lip at Womens Gvm —SrilUBER
POMM POMM imtialion binnuct will be Christian Poundation There will be a held m the Last PaLulty lotinrc Sunday sltalimr party Inday Ja"e 19 from » 3W Tune 21 at 6 iO p m Get yom ticl ct*! fiom to 11 30 Meet at 13l South Grant at Jackson T DUdcls WilAoh or Hunt lickcts twbnly^nvc cents
befero Frulai noon
-JOHNSON
-I ARSON
Siudcnls and Faculty All those inlcr osted in Relfpious I inphasis Week in Onion at 10 p m luesday May 21 Induirc at WchI Desk lor loom
—GLITINGER
Archery Archeiy fox till men studchts Will be htid every Monday Wednesday and I iidav from 4 to 5 30 p m at the archy'y ran^o adj leent to the Women S unliiB ooiiits 1 (iiiipment and instruction will be nvailabh without (harj>'G at th( rartffe
—FREYMAN
Of Memorial Union
By Afaty Kiy 6ee' \
The name “Union” as applied to cohies a banquet the Memoiial Union oiganization 1,200 people
comes fiom the Oxfoid Union and
Natutally the Unioti has tradition
initial effoit of George 0 Hays, an undeigiadnate leader Through his Woik, the class of 1912 voted an assessment of $5 00 on each senioi to stait a fund to be used in eiect ing a home foi student, alumni, and faculty activties Succeeding classes
Mail Older sales are open for the followed suits until 1917, when coming Playshop pioduction, “Jim $17,800 had been collected
the American Association of Col- jj^g building commemoiated lege Unions Univeisity men who died foi then
The Union staited With the country
Playshop Opens Mail Order Ticket Sales
Due To Local Commitments
Bi Ernest Nordlinger
H. Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop and member of the University Speech department has lust been asked by the Priscilla Beach Theater of Plymouth, Mass , to become a member of their group This group is one of the summer the-
aters and dramatic schools that is organized by well known Cambridge Union The local Union
Broadway artists and directors. is one of the largest of college budding was "bom was His selection did not surprise those who have been in the unions, being one of 40 members of supplied by those who in const! uct-
casfs or crews of his'plays Prof. Carmichael’s dramatic and directoiial abilities have gained him wide reputation. However, he was unable to accept
the invitation because of his commitments to the Univer-
sity this summer.
“Kenn” has grown up on the
amateur stage. His father was constantly being sought as a public readei in his home legion along the Ohio i ivei The senioi Carmichael was a singei and end man in the populai minstiel shows of the 1900’s Kenn, diessed in a sailoi suit, was added to the minstiel
show when he was 12 years old Following his giaduation fiom
Muskingum College, Kenn taught foi a yeai Wisconsin University
Offeied him graduate vioit
summer of 1929 He ai rived a week late foi the summei session On his way to the legistiai’s office, Kenn saw a sign announcing tiyouts within the next houi at the univei sity theatei He lefrained fiom leg isteiing tor a day, to secuie a good part in the play, “Outwaid Bound ” He played opposite Beinadine Flynn, latei to become Mrs Victoi Cook, in the ladio seiial, “Vic and Sade ” In the minoi lead was Don Ameche, who is at piesent a promi ne«t ladio and seieen star Both of
Gold Pciipcrs Pionip with Eoamers postponed lo Sunday June 21 —SIMONS
Rbaoivisits All maU students who ha/o n( t jtt cimplet d tlu two vtais basic mil ilarv liaininpr irquiicd foi p-indmlioii and nio now numbcis of Ihe Nav il or Marino Coips Rosfivt iLi-ort lo Iho Adjutant ; of
hall ior neailv Purdm. Aimoiv fm important infor
matinn rtlativc to join status
RTORDAN
Union Serves As Memorial Then came the Woild Wai At
its close, the Umveisity looked at the record of 4,013 of her sons and daughters in the seivice, at hei 67 “gold stars” and in many minds
Dandy ” This two act comedy by William Saioyan will be shown on the Powlei Hall stage June 30 and
July 1
Seniois, who have taken advantage and bought the special season
bijok, should tear out the fiist there rose the thought that the coupon and send it to the Fowler Union should stand as a peimanent Ijjg Hall box office with a stamped self memoiial to those who had seived addiessed envelope Aieserved seat and to those that had died A subticket will be leturned foi the sec- sciiption plan was launched m 1920 tion and the day that the sendei undei the supeivision of Stanley S
desiies
Faculty, townspeople and undeigiaduate students, who desiie to see this production should send 50c for each reseived seat
Cross In Floor Of Great Hall Out of respect to those whose living spirit IS symbolized by the cioss inlaid in the flooi of the Great Hall, one of Priidue’s most sacred tradi tions hold that no one shall step on the cross Behind^the cross, stands the dedicatory tablet with these
woids insciibed
“In Older to establish a permanent monument to patiiotic seivice, the Purdue Memoiial Union building is dedicated as a perpetual memoiial to these sons ol our almg matoi who, in the peifoimance of the highest duty of citizenship and in the devo tion to lofty ideals, gave their lives in the seivice ot then conn
tiy ”
A fitting tiibute to those men
Gieen and by Aimistice Day, 1920, might also be the woids of Col
W I
Reserve Plan
$800,000 had been pledged Faculty, students and alumni have contiib uted more than $526,000 tor the con-
stiuction of the memorial
On June 18, 1922, the fust sod was bioken The building was opened for use in Septembei, 1924 In
has
(Continued from page 1) received an official letter
these =tars are ■still good filends of v. a added Anniveisaiy affaiis st}ll have achieved eteinity, memoiials Kenn examination will be pub ished celebiate the enthusiastic open that we who aie yet heie cheiish
pieceding the time for examma- gf Thanksgiving weekend, togethei Together we answered the
tions and that none will be held this 1939^ calendai year tg students
Kenn was like any college man— he enjoyed dating He still swells
with pride whenevei the name Bei- ^ . x . iradine Flynn is mentioned If he Requjrements In Army
could not get Beinadine, he dated hei sistei One night after coming in from a date, Kenn smelled smoke coming fiom one of the adjoining apaitinents in the building An ex cited ftminine voice began calling foi help Kenn answered the cal! and found the 100m a blaze of flames His nalriial sense of leadei ship heljied the awe sti icken dwell eis of the building to foim an old
fashioned bucket nothing 1 emained
watei soaked fuinitiue Kenn took pity on the fiightencd female and ofleied her his loom foi the eve ning The next day he asked this young medical student foi a date and It was not long before she be-
came Ml*; Sue Carmichael Kenn came to Pin due in 1931 as
a membci of the Speech depait ment and assistant diiectoi of Play shop Two yeais latci he became directoi Dm mg the depiession jeais peiiod diamatics at the Uni versitj had quite a stiuggle The Fowlei Hall auditorium was con demned Rcheaisals and per foi m ances had to be held across town
in Duncan Hall 01 Jeff High
Pi of Caimichael’s diamatic interests have not been limited to the campus He has diiectcd seveial plays foi the Lafayette Little Thca
tei
Kenn has diiected 01 staged moie than eightj full length plays He has had some failuics but moie than the usual nurnbci of successes Hib favoiite play is still ‘Outwaid Bound ” That’s tlie jilaj in which he stalled with Don Ameche and Beinadine Flynn Pittenger Reports For USNR Flying Corps Rkhaid M Pittengci, former Umveisity student who has been seiVing as stall announcci at ladio station W1 BM, Indianapolis, loi the past eight months, has enlisted as an aviation cadet in the U S Naval Rtscivc 1 lying Coips He repbited foi tianiing at Glenview, 111, last Thuisday Beloic learnig the Umveisity in 1941, Pittengci was an announcci on the WBAA staff and a member of Playshop and the Ktainei Club He sccuied his lust eommeieial po bition with station \\ DWb, (ham jpaign, 111
requirements and will be eligible to enter an officer's candidate school following graduation and eomple tion ot a course of training at a legulai leplacement eentei ot.the seivice toi which they aie best qualified
EDGERTON HDWE., INC. ' HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES ‘ FLOOR POLISHERS and SANDERS FOR R€NT Phone 4354 We Deliver
Southworth’s
DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD j. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 SchulU Bldg 4H« and Main St Lafayette
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son NMna4976 119 E. State St.
MAKE DAD PROUD THAT YOU REMEMBERED HIM ON DAD’S DAY!
□li’t be hard to choose a from the big assortment we have everything from
Pipe to Slippers-
Don’t overlook the "snazzy” greeting cards™ and if he is in the service there are special military greetings—See them kt—
PURDUE BOCK^SIPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREEf WE51 LAFAYETTE IND
Southworth’s
Rofirer Williams Ohil) Meet at the church it 7 15 p m I n(la\ Tunc D ior hwimmmr/'Htiity Bnnp: suits iiul lassjoit SCHALl 10 L rnffinoor Staff Punic for all slaiT mem beis and \\<rktis will b hild Salurd ly aftoinion Tun ^0 Sip:n up in the flTut bef rro Wodiusdny if > )u expect to I - YOUNGBLOOD ino' wtikiy m((tin^ (f C( shr polilin Club on Friday tune 1 ) at ^ 1 iJ m in Ktnl 301 fi the Union SILVER WosUy I oiindalion I i id iv evcninji Tune 10 it 8 at th i >unditun h< u i therf will be a Knit Nit Bni ^uln lu bl its in I 1)( Hrifly f( r \\)ik i lus alt f fun Prici five cents BANDLI TER
All Aero Students I Ai Fi idav June H i( • U) \ lectin f IV Inf Bi uhti Helit ptii Fvciy no nit le C( me to loom 20 C th<
m
S nuetmu iHustiated
(n Sikorsky d IS uraad to
( Buildinaf VOI I MFR
POMM Plcdffo meetinp’ for mfoimal {junicl mount and retnat coiemony batur d i> June 20 at 8 50 p m Report It Arm (IV in summei mufoim at 7 p m jUdjrcs slunild W(ar old clothe and bnnr a full box led lantcin and pledge cannon -JACKSON •kPOMM Initial bunday June 21 at p m 1 ledges upoit to roe m H 1 of Unien utivos to \ om 3''5 Su 1imei uni J( ms will b( woi n junids viai suits Initi ition b ituiuoC will l(i,in at 6 -^0 p m in Last Faeultj I oun’•e lickcts must be ( btained fnm Oidei h otJieeis bcfeie Sat uieUy moiuinp: -JACKSON Engineer Staff Stiff mooting in Iho of ■fice t( dav at 1 Meet in the office at J 10 Situidav after loon foi tho picnic YOUNf HI OOD Gold Peppers - Picnic with Roamcis Sun d ly June 21 at 8 30 a m behind the slidium SIMONS Sigma Delta Chi I^Iodges M < ting W 1 ne d ly Jui e -’t it 4 If p m in Exponent dice Bnru j ui biijht ideas uilh > u —ARMSIRONC Alpha Phi Omega Shoit business meet in{ c nee mil ^ imtiitur hike in u m u02 in Ihc Union it p m on Mond 15 June 2^ I’lease be piompt WILBUR PIA Chorus The 1C \m11 be a meeting ruesdav Tunc 21 it e JO 1 ni in the loim Any nc wh 111 c t mj ir d wi uld lik( t) j( in the Cboius e jnic uj) at tins time III NDRICKS
Aeromodelers Importtint meeting Wed nesdiy Juno 21 at 7 p m m room 80 of the Union A piogiam b IS been niranpu Please be pi omit Bung anyone you knerw wftb is Intel cstod —smith Pi Tail Sigriia S ftball game \^ith fac viltv Iruliy J me 11 at 4 15 p m on the intiamural in Id Come curly and chose vna 1 fjsition on the team —KOERNER SrA Board IJiard meeting TuesdayJune 23 It 30 1 m in the SCA loom Please be rusent and r le ise be prompt —MOGAVERO
Classified Ads
Typennters—Adding Machines rill makes sell 1 rt 1 icpair d ni I puichascd Mime r 1 U h \ {il di I c t J 1 bcishoff C05 Main I ilaytiUc 1 htut 2i79 Wanted to rent ( ro im house nil on one flj r or with lav^loiy on fust floor Occu pancy on ( t b( f ic Auj. ust 15 Location near Ui iv<r itv 11 fer d Communicate Imme dntolj with 1\ in Niven Hlb West Columbia, Ch iniiiaij n lllinoi Money to loan n diami nds watches guns big^ a e ivtuwntcis Alhcits Loan Office 10 C luml la
Geoige Byeis, foimeiiy of Lafayette, now m active sCivice with the
U S Aimv
Dedicated To Sons Of Purdue “An eternal union of memories we dedicate to the sons of Purdue who kept the last gieat lendezvous
1929, the inteiioi was completed At of wai This monumental building the same time, the first unit of the is a fit lemindei in stone of the Union Club of 60 lesidential looms memoiials of the good tioopeis who
adventuie They went fuithei to an-
Reteni Developments swer the call ot gloiy We aie left
Slightly different lequiiements The giowth of the Umveisity was to pondei and to stiive The reveifoi a similai progiam being con- fgp; i^y Union in 1936, and in ence foi those boys—yotiPg fellows ducted by the Aimy An Coips for 1939 A new addition on the cast foievei gone—will keep cnkiPdled flymg and giound officeis will also was diiected m 1926 and in 1939 m us the dating to answei calls yet be repeated for inteiested juniois fuithei constiuction incieased the unsounded The yeais that loll and seniors at the meeting Monday space The latest addition was ini lound then shrine will mellow adUndei the new plan, candidates tiated with the constiuction of ten ventuie into wisdom and holiness toi the advanced ROTC comse heie jigw bowling alleys in a sub base that shall ■-hape those lutuic c dls must have joined the Enlisted Re- ment dnectly beneath the liont to the puiei benefit of mtn lips selves pnoi to enteiing the ad Kiwn The latest addition doubled now uvoillo ’ '’anced training, howevei, uppei the aiea of the ballioom flooi, which
bngado So'on ‘''assmen not taking the com se will now will accommodate 1 200 couples PATRONIZE UXPONPNr but smoke and to be deieiied liom active when eoveied with canvas, be ADVERflSCRS
duty so long as they iulfill the basic
ITS WARTIME ECONOMY to send your Dry Cleaning lo Crown. Clean clothes last longer. Garments moth-proofed as we clean them. @R0WN Laundry
Top of the Hill
ff the best is none too good for Dad—give
If he wears Van Heusens, he wants more! If he doesn’t wear them he deserves to have these superlative shirts m his top drawer For one thing, they have the famous Van Heusen collar attached, the one collar guaranteed to do away with neckline-nerves, to keep him well-groomed from early morning till late at night For another, the body is custom-pattern cut to give him free swing at the shoulder and to fit him properly at the “display zone ” Superlative new whites, or new patterns m excellent taste... all approved by American Institute of Laundering and Sanfonzed-shrunk
MEN'S FURNISHINGS STREET FLOOR