’■' ■', rf*-’.^^-J •' /' ,*41
a
Easter Conyocation For Worship Tonight At 8 In Music Hall
All Churches Open For Good Friday Observance Today .
Z.1M
Foundad In 18S9
Dalhr Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 153
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, April 11, 1841
Choir Presents Cantata Thoughts for Today
At Convocation Tonight
Tonight at 8 o’clock the white-robed University Choir of 250 voices and University Orchestra of 65 pieces will close the current academic year’s convocations for worship with a presentation of “The Crucifixion.” The cantata will be under the direction of Albert Stewart, choral music director, with Miss Lloyd at the piano and George Osborn at the organ. This cantata is a meditation on the sacred Passion of the Holy Redeemer and will serve as a fitting conclusion to a day of meditation and prayer—Good Friday. “This program will be the University’s official Easter service,” said Professor Laurence Hadley, of the mathematics department, who is in charge
of these religious convocations. Prof. Hadley also reports that the enlarged facilities provided by the Hall of Music have boosted the total attendance at the religious convocations this year to more than 21,000 persons. This is the seventh year that convocations for worship have been held at the University. The soloists for the cantata will include J. Henry Amt, and Marvin Smith, tenors; Wallace Woodrow, Charles Powell, James Chase and Joseph Shepherd, baritones; and
Donald Pyke, bass.
The Easter setting for this convo was designed and constructed by
Robert Parks, Art Director of the Union, and Mr. Joseph M. Ragains, Assistant Director of Musical Organizations. Doors will open at 7:15 p. m. and it will be op4h to both students and the general public, d.w.o. Four Sports Awards Attain Major Rating in Ali-Campus Voting Yesterday the Student Senate under the direction of John Wally conducted an all-campus poll on four SAA Constitution revisions and one addition. All of these changes were adopted by a great majority. The following revisions were adopted: to give a major letter to qualified Cross-country men, 697 yes, 49 no; to make wrestling a major sport, 694 yes, 66 no; to make tennis a major sport and award major letters, 680 yes, 62 no; to make Swimming a major sport, 719 yes, 28 no; to increase the requirements for gaining an award in swimming, wrestling, and tennis and to set minimum schedules, 631 yes, 98 no. A total of 767 votes were cast with 646 being straight yes and 10 straight no. d.w.o.
Service At Sunrise Will Begin Worship For Easter Sunday Roger Williams Club will begin Easter worship Sunday with a sunrise service. The members will meet at the parsonage at 140 S. Grant at 6:46 a. m^ If the weather is unfavorable, serivces will be held at the West Lafayette Baptist church. Immediately afterward, there will be a breakfast in the church. Students will be received iiito the church at 10:36 during the regular
services.
Another feature of the evening will be a play at Cynthia Jones Hall presented by the drama group of the club under the direction of Pat Brown. The cast will present “The Other Cross” and is made up of the following members: Louise Peterson, Helen Snyder, Marceline Sparks, Marilyn Lysley, Wayne Stephen, Bill Spraker, Art Keppler and Eugene Byer. b.l.p. V. C. Meredith Club Will Elect Officers Annual election of officers for the Virginia C. Meredith Club, home economics organization, will be held today in the Home Economics building from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. Jane Blank and Betty Brown are candidates for president; Doris Rockwell and Mabel Vaughan for vice-president; Sally Beal and Jane Ward for treasurer; Mary Bailey, Marjorie Williamson and Rosemary Anderson for senior representative; Dorothy Arvidson, Jeanne Anne Burkholder, and Doris Bower for junior representative; and Elizabeth Baughman and Jean Bruckman for sophomore representative. All members of the club are expected to
vote. a.c.
1,200 Couf^es Will Dance To The Rhythms Of Woody Herman, Mr. X On Prom Night
By Mary Lou Losey
Twelve hundred tickets sold means that twelve hundred couples will attend the University dance of
dances. Junior Prom.
It also means that better than a thousand fellows are scurrying around keeping telephone lines busy or writing enthusiastic letters to the girls at home. The problem is to get your dream girl of the moment or the most acceptable facsimile and to sign your name in her^date book for the night of April
18.
Around the campus you can see co-eds gathered together in huddle formation discussing the most prominent prom-problem as viewed by feminine minds. “Sally’s new formal is divine” or, “Suzy has fixed her pink one so that no one would recognize it as the one she wore last year”—although hei\ humble male escort would probably not notice if it were. Some have a despondent attitude oVer the whole affair, because the wrong person was first to issue the Prom invitation. Few Lowerclassmen To the annual select crowd oif juniors and seniors will he added those few freshmen and sophomores
Today is Good Friday. Today, Christian people throughout the world are commemorating the death of a Man ij]pon whom a whole civilization is
built.
Today few people will pause to reflect that over 1900 years ago a Man di^ that those Hfe loved might live forever. More will think about last night’s convocation, about Hitler, about nothing at all. And yet we need to pause and reflect as we never have before. We need to abstract ourselves from our immediate surroundings and examine ourselves with impartial eyes. Where have we gone, where are we going? . Today is one of those days we can all spend profitably in iiitrospection and retrospection. A Man hung from a cross on a lonely, barren hill in a distant land those many years ago and yet of all the men who have succeeded him in the 1900-odd intervening years there are few whose birth we remember and none whose death we commemorate. Today the world is tom with hatred and jealousies, with deceit and unkindness, with cruelty and intolerance. It is no different now than it was in Caesar’s time... or Alexander’s ... or Napoleon’s. And yet . . . today Christian people remember a Man who, crowned with thorns, and bleeding from many wounds, asked only that his persecutors be forgiven. Today will mean very little to some of us. We’re too busy. Today is Good Friday.
who waited in the gray and chilly dawn one morning to get the cherished ticket. This offer was open for a short while only, as the upperclassmen finally realized that it was time to fork over the three dollars if they wished to remain
exclusive.
Woody Herman’s sugar blues will, of course, be supplemented by another band that will play in the cafeteria of the Union. The name of that band is still a deep secret withheld from all prom-goers and perhaps even from the prom committee itself—although we hope not. There are pleasant rumors that the “dark horse” band is to be Bob Crosby. Three cheers and several hopes that
the rumor is correct.
Wheeee! — 5 O’clock Hours Hours is hours and the co-eds abide by ’em. There is only one night throughout the year that the lassies can ramble in at 6 a. m. Yessir, prom is certainly a wonderful invention, except for those who have Saturday classes; but, one consolation, they won’t have any tests. That’s a promise—^from the
University, no less.
That’s all, ye belles and escorts.
See you at Prom,
..^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
To Chiesco Daily News Foreign SerTice. C^yright. 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. • British Bomb Berlin Striking at the heart of Berlin last night, radios David M. Nichol, a British air raid “seriously damaged the famous Staatsoper (State Opera), struck the Prussian State Library and the Kronprinzen Palais (Crown Prince Palace), and left its mark on the Schloss Bellevue,” (the residence of official guests). iS * * • US Havoc Planes Used American planes, of the type known as the Havoc, took part in the British air,, operations last night, it was said in London. The Germans made heavy attacks on the British Midlands and northeast. >l< iH >i< • Germans Cut Off Slavs German troops have established contact with the Italians in Albania, it is reported in Budapest. The Yugoslavs are cut off from the Allies and it was asserted in Berlin that the new government of King Peter and Premier Simovic is doomed. — * * * • Isolated Greeks Fight On Isolated by the Nazis, the eastern wing of the Greek Army is fighting on, it was asserted in Athens today, in contradiction of a German communique which said this force had laid down its arms. >f< =f= • • Nazis Push To Turkey , “As Germany’s break-through to the channel last year paved the way for the fatal stroke at Prance,” cables William H. Stoneman from London, “it is probable that the German success against Greece and Yugoslavia would pave the way for a'stroke at Turkey and possibly against Russia.” !i< * * • British Generals Missing Three British generals are ipissing in Libya, it is officially acknowledged in Cairo. The Germans,'who first claimed the capture of six generals, now say they have five. Ill l|C * • Vichy Pessimistic ■ “A wave of pessimism — perhaps exaggerated — concerning the British operations in the Balkans and in Libya swept over Vichy today followifig Prive Minister Churchill’s speech,” radios Paul Ghali. >l< iK If i • Russo-Slav Pact 'Valuable' The Russian Army newspaper, Red Star, said today that the So'vietYugoslav friendship pact recently signed, is “all the more valuable under the new conditions because the Soviet ^Union always fulfills its international pledges.”
Marian Anderson Sings At Final Convocation Capacity Audience Hears Famed Singer In First Appearance On University Stage By Ted Novey From the time the first note rang out till the last of the lastencore died away, six thousand students, members of the faculty and townspeople listened raptly to the voice of Marian Anderson, celebrated contralto as she presented one of the year's finest convocations last night in the Hall of Music. Only the turning on of the auditorium lights and the closing of the curtain stopped the applause that followed Miss Anderson’s exit from the stage. Her beautiful tone and volume control coupled with her dramatic interpretations drew from each song its full potentialities.
Churches Will Give Joint Good Friday Services At 1 Today First Christian Church Scene Of Annual Affair This aft'erno'on a group of churches of West Lafayette and Lafayette will unite in a pre-Easter Good Friday service to commemorate with sorrow the day on which the Savior died. For'several years the Protestant churches of the community have combined and have conducted their Good Friday services in a Union Service, which is held in one of the larger churches of the vicinity. This year the services are being held at one o’clock and last until 3 p. m. Speakers Speakers at the Union Service will be the Rev. D. Mullen, Rev. 0. I. Uncather, Rev. J. M. Ghyles, Rev. M. Nollen, Rev. J. B. Gleason and Rev. B. D. B^k. The organists for the day are Helen Bounin, Eva Lynn Mac Kay and Carl Brown. Also on the program for this afternoon will be a three-hour devotion period at the St. Johns Episcopal Church, Lafayette. The Rev. Reese F. Thornton, Episcopal student pastor, will officiate at these services, which will last from 1 to 3 p. m. Meditation Service St. James Lutheran Church will have a meditation service tonight at 7:30 p. m. At St. Mary’s Roman Catholic Church, a Mass will be celebrated this morning at 8 a. m. This will be the only Mass said today. In the afternoon at 2:30 p. m. the Stations of the Cross will be visited in commemoration of the Master’s weary trip to Calvary. Tonight at 7:30 a solemn vesper service, litany, and the rosary will be recited. Services At All Churches Evening services in all of the churches will conclude Good Friday activities. Most of the churches of the -vicin- . ity will conduct services Saturday in memory of the deposition of the Christ’s body in the tomb, on the eve of his resurrection. j.f.z. Bulletin! President Roosevelt yesterday signed an agreement with the Danish Minister in Washington extending United States protection over the island of'’Greenland. The pact guaranteed that no foreign power should be allowed to impose its sovereignity on the Danish colony. Signed exactly one year after the German invasion of Denmark, the plejdge was precipitated by recent appearances of Nazi planes over the island.
Marian Anderson
WBAA Stages Prom Preview Tomorrow At 3 By Peggy Howard How’s about a prevue of the 1941 Junior Prom? It’s yours for the asking, if you’ll just travel over to the WBAA audience studio in the Music Hall tomorrow afternoon from 3 to 4 p. m. A star-studded group of entertainers will be present to give you one complete hour of laughs, music, and specialties at this “Promcast” campus varieties show. Facsimile, Almost “Woody Herman,” or a^ least a reasonable facsimile, will be present and a typical campus couple will give you an inside view of what to expect at this year’s Prom; so you can’t afford to miss it. Irv Given and his orchestra will also be on hand to furnish their own brand of. rhythm, and give “Woody” a chance to rest up for next Friday. Specialty Singers Larry Meyers and Betty Erick will take over the M. C. jobs on the program. Specialty singers will be Charley Powell and Janeth Dixon. Charley has made several successful appearances on previous campus variety programs, and in addition to his singing talent is very nimble on the keyboard. This will be Janeth’s initial radio appearance, although she has previously appeared as a singing star in the all-campus show “Sweethearts.” She has chosen for her songs, which she will accompany on the piano, “Because of You” and “I Give You My Word.’’ --Others Appear Others who will appear on the progra:^ are Bill' Stewart, Ruth Bryant, and John Hobson. No one will be admitted to the WBAA studios for the program later than 2:45, studio officials have announced. Entrance to the studios is through the ground floor entrance behind the Executive Building.
Introduction The first two numbers on the program were “Begrussung” and “Der Flote weich Gefuhl,” fay Handel. These, serious and soft mooded songs, more or less introduced Miss Anderson to the audience. Voice Range, Volume Control Closing the first section was “Agnus Dei,” by Bizet. The singer’s marvelous voice range and volume control could immediately be sensed. The selections were all short but Miss Anderson made them all seem equal, all very vital and important to her and, consequently, to the audience. Portrayals Part two of the program was aU by Shubert. The first, “Fragment aus dem Aeschylus,” tells of the rewards of the righteous and the wicked. “Auf dem Wasser zu singen,” a light ballad, “Der Tod imd das Madchen,” a story of an encounter between a maiden and death, and a very beautiful rendi* tion of “Ave Maria” and the Aria “O Don Fatale,” from “Don Carlos” by Verdi and an eqcore “Cornin’ Thru the Rye” concluded the first half of the convocation. After the intermission Miss Anderson continued her performance •with the rendition of “By A Lonely Forest Pathway,” by Griffes, “Songs to the Dark Virgin,” by Price, “Amuri, Amuri” by Sadeiro and “Loves Philosophy,” by Quilter. Smiling, Miss Anderson added an encore requested by the audience’s applause, “Songs My Mother Taught Me.” Negro Spirituals It was the concluding section of the program, the negro spirituals that seemed to be most enjoyed by the audience. Beginning with “Sinner, please doan’ let this harvest pass,” and continuing with ‘“The Gospel Train,” a well kno-wn spiritual, Miss Anderson built up an atmosphere of beauty around her singing that reached its peak when softly. and in low tones she sang “Crucifixion” in a way that had every member of the audience sp impressed that several second passed after the song was finished before anyone dared to applaud. The Hall seemed deserted. After closing the regular program with “My Soul’s Been Anchored in the Lord," Miss Anderson sang three encores, “There’s No Hidin Place Down There,” “Will O’ the Wisp,” and “Cuckoo.” Special Program . . . for the Easter season will be presented in the Music Room of the Union from 4 to 5 p. m. Sunday afternoon. Appearing on the program •will be a string quartet composed of Thelma Thrasher, Dr. C. Lanczos, and Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz. The public is invited to attend this Easter program which is being sponsored by the Student Union.
Prexy Says
Although the University will not discontinue its activities today, students may obtain permissimi to attend Good Friday church services from their instructors. Edward C. Elliott, Presidmit.w ^0
y
V
A <
m
Friday, April 11. 1941
fijukdwL £xpomnt
South of State
hy Dale Bats
According to a report released recently by the federal extension service of the United States Department of Agriculture, the University has the third largest percentage of agricultural and home economics students who were former club members, while 368 of the 894 students enrolled in home economics were formerly participants in 4-H activities.
O. G. Lloyd, E. C. Young, J. C. Bottum, T. K. Cowden, C. M. Hardin and E. L. Butz, ail of the farm management department, attended and participated in the bi-weekly University of Chicago Economic Round Table held Monday evening in Chicago. E. G. Nourse, director of the Brookings Instituty)/!, Washington, D. C., was the principal speaker at the discussion.
After the meeting Dr. Butz went on to Madison, Wisconsin, where he
WEDGE SEAM MAKES YOUR Wedglocke Tie
KNOT NEATLY
• A smoother drape and neater knot i^s the result of Wedglocke’s patented Wedge Seam ... New patterns and colors galore.
BALTiORl tlOTHlS SHOP
^ 414 Main St. Phone 2873
IJ
Beauty of design ... perfection of detail . . . exquisite quality of stock combine to make these RYTEX-HY-LITED Weddings as lovely as your wedding gown.
HAYWOOD’S
retail, dept. Fiftli and Perry Sh. Lafayette, Ind.
Triton Cluh
... women’s swimming honorary, announces the initiation of Lucille Chaminade, Martha Glick, Judy Horner, and Shirley Johnson. The following girls have been elected as the new officers of the club: Martha Rosencrans, president; Shirley Monteith, vice-presi-dent, and secretary-treasurer, Brita Kraepelein.
inspected the chapter of Alpha Gamma Rho and conferred with staff members of the University of Wisconsin.
An article written by Prof. W. S. Gillam, of the agricultural chemistry department, entitled “The Base-Exchange Capacity of the Organic and Inorganic Fractions of Several Soil Profiles” was published in the March issue of Soil Science, a nationally-known science magazine.
Dr. E. C. Young, of the farm management department, spoke to the Rotary Club of Fowler Wednesday evening on “Schisms in Agriculture.”
WILLIAM BOYD
ALSO
William Lundigan Ricardo Cortez Nan Wynn
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
with ANT0N'WA1BS06r'° e. AVBIBT SMITH WaUer BUM
PLUS
The Surprise Mystery Hit!
Murder and Music on the Air!
- COMING - LITTLE MEN wirti "ELSIE''
punish, (poinJtA.
Yes sir, rabbit season is here again. Only, fellows, you don’t need a license to hunt these. Just stop in at SOUTHWOBTH’S and let them show you their complete stock of bunnies ... in all sizes, shapes, and colors. They’re the ideal gift to give your girl friend on Easter mom. But don’t be a dumb bunny and wait till the last minute to buy yours . . . ’Cause everyone seems to have “rabbit fever” and the supply is going fast.
Profitable and friendly farm rental relations are well-illustrated in extension bulletin No. 256, just off the presses, which gives the addresses 'and discussion at the conference for land owners and renters held last August at the University. The bulletin includes talks by David E. Ross, Pres. E. C. Elliott, Dean H. J. Reed as well as talks by staff members and prominent farmers.
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi
Content of Our White Breads to Average 'Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's
Hi-Bi Yeast
K mun BAKER!
Starts TOMORROW
all the filly of i a storm at sea comes the cutthroat ctew who made fiction’s most fearsome voy* ^ age! Yours to see—in all its power—todayl
LAST TIMES TODAY
iB^iS
HLIM
DREW * LUKAS
TLe ^th Column
We dropped a subject yesterday. In favor of P. E. 12. ♦ ♦ ♦ The physical fitness course. a a *
And we’re tire^ already. Just from dropping the darn thing. Our own statistics now prove that it takes one hour and fifty-four minutes to drop a course in the University. Subdivided, this amounts to sixty minutes of walking . . . And fifty-four minutes of talking.
We now recommend dropping a course to everyone as . . . A great leg and patience builder.
Of course, you’ll all want to send Easter greeting cards to your family and friends, and SOUTHWORTH’S have just the cards you’re looking for. Complete stocks of Rustcraft and Hallmark cards are available for your selection.
Besides getting you in shape to take this physical fitness business. Which from all observations we have been able to make is a kill or cure system. So far they haven’t cured anybody. But then they haven’t killed anybody either. Even though from the looks of the Chuck horses on the campus these days . . . They’re coming pretty close.
Now, just one more tip for this week-end. Before stepping out in your new spring clothes, be sure that there is no trace of line or hair to mar your perfection. Take the simple precaution of brushing your shoulders with an electric whisk brush before stepping out the door. They’re available in two sizes at 50c and 76c,
Over there. That is in Italy, rioting students threatened the American Embassy and called Benito to his balcony for a rousing cheer yesterday. In addition to which they heaped all kinds of insults upon us, calling Americans pirates, outlaws, and gangsters. Which ^ems to be the typical continental conception of the sons of Uncle Sam. Except that they forget to mention baseball players, millionaires . . . And Indians.
the Purdue Eitpouent
Entered as second alasa matter at the poat fayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreaa of MMCh 8, 1879, at the special rat* of itostaze provided f<* •“ section 1108, act of October 8,1917, authorised Januanr 20, 1022, Published daily sxoept Monday during the «gwar acadearie year and weekly during the Summer S^ion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription, 88.60. EdHar-iri-Ohief B. W. Donahue Bo^asa Managaf Merle Hagamayer
J. H. Me
Publicatiofi Staff
News Editor.
MAnaffing $ditciir-« Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, Bnffner, K. M. Skallerup, J. I<. Traugott.
IcKee
..... ..1... —..P. K-
W.
Business Staff Local Advertising M«»agers: P. S. Powers, G. C. ^nders; Promotion Manager, C. t*. Panglemwey; AcwunU Mknager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Mahager, B. M. Becktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor __ ... — Beih Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Bose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor , P- Dolan Associate Editors: J. F, Adamson, P. C. Johnson, B. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 279Z Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Mddison Ave., New York; N. Y. Staff For This issue Night Editor: JOnes Day Editor: Rose Issue Editor: Zinski Sports Editor: Keeler Proof: R. W. Boswinkle, M. L. Losey, V. Barson, C. R. McIntosh, D. W. Ochiltree. Stoff: B. B. Runnion, A. Chatfield, M. K. Boynton, T. B. Novey, W. M. Clark, C. p. Hass, B. Poole, D. Butz, R W. DeMars, J. S. Dawson, Miller.
business has gone far enough. And there is one sure way to stop it. Send Adolph an ultimatum to wind up his affairs in forty-eight hours. Or we’ll have the CIO organize him.
Into a blitzkrieg on a sit down. ■see
We’ve decided now though that this whole bloody Commonly known as a sitzkrieg.—dkh
All the articles mentioned above can be purchased at SOUTHWORTH’S store in the village. Yours till more tips from that tip top store, SOUTHWORTH’S, PEGGY.
All Teams Eligible For Second Round
Of Bridge Tourney
All of the fifty bridge team’s which played in the first qualifying round of the bridge tourney last Saturday are qualified for the second round to be played Saturday April 19. Even the low score teams have another opportunity to qualify for the first semi-final round
For that
>5^
LorrA
7N€-
FITTED-BACK SLIPS
AND WORTH MUCH MORE
• NARROW BACK CURVED TO FIT!
FULLY PROPORTIONED HIP SIZESI
a SUPER COUNT LABORATORY TESTED CHARMANT FABRICS
Say goodbye to ill fining dlpi. Hare'i one that foNowf the contour of your body •mturolly ond ^UMolki llt» wa^ lo JlovaLmu
THIEME & WANGERiN CO.
622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
regardless of score made last week providing they play again in this roimd. Cartons of cigarettes will be given to the players Jn the following three sections who were the winners in the first qualifier: Fouf Kings composed of T. W. Gardner, J. S. Sells, W. D. Gipe, and C. S. Steward; Local 101 of which R. Campbell, L. Primeau, D. Boynton, and A. Mickewich were members; and R. Edwards, W. Vernon, C. Newhagen and R. Raney of the Pi Kappa Phi section. High scoring players in'succeeding rounds will receive similar prizes with gold and silver trophys to be awarded the final champion and runner-up teams, r.w.b.
Fingerprinting Group To Demonstrate Here
University students will get a chance to see how law enforcement agencies utilize fingerprint channels in identification when a local fingerprinting bureau is established here April 21-23, in the great hall of the Union.
ARC
TODAY THRU SAT.
AND —
GIRL IN 313
FLORENCE RICE KENT TAYLOR LIONEL ATWILL Katharine ALDRIDGE
■ ALSO
WINNERS OF THE WEST Serial FIRST RUN NEWS
Backed by the Lafayette police department, as well as being given the “go ahead” signal and complete support of school authorities, the task of fingerprinting well over 1,000 persons is being undertaken by the local Alpha Gamma chapter of Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity. Through the courtesy of Lt. John Weinhardt of the Lafayette force, who is giving instructions to the fingerprinting assistants, apparatus for the project will be loaned by his department for the occasion. Not only will the fingerprint tabulation aid the missing persons bureau throughout the country, but officials connected with the project are of the belief that it will be of great aid to the person himself in connection with social security and old age pensions, the Selective Service Act, defense work, Eft well as ordinary identification purposes in case of accident, d.e.b.
SEND
—TODAY - SATURDAY.
He*s Insane She*s Crazy
Tie mu mo lOffHlNSEIF
S'
Add
to the Easter hap-
piness of your friends and relatives by sending them HALLMARK Easter Cards. Our complete showing includes many beautiful religious designs; cards for the children and for ^ special friends; and individual sentiments for each mernber of the family. ^
DECKEII’S 518 Main St. Phone 5036mm
PH
if (IN
Friday, April Ui 1941
fiaqui- TUdiaiA,
Meyets Gets 2 Hits As Riveters tattle Irish To 3-3 Draw Will wonders ever cease ? Purdue was able to begin a home baseball season on Schedule yesterday afternoon on Boss-Ade recreation field. I'he opposition was Notre Dame, who was also playing its first Hoosierland game, and the boys were so happy that they decided to play an extra inning and to call it a day with no ones’ feelings hurt with the score 3-3. Purdue had the visiting Irish outhit 8-7; and that is something to marvel at for an early season Purdue team, especially when y6u look at the past three or four seasons of very few hits per game. No one person looked auspiciously powerful with the bat; however, Purdue’s short stop Meyers got two nice clean hits, a double and single in four times at bat besides two long fly balls that were hard hit. It was Don Blanken and Harry McPerren who came through in the clutch to save the Gold and Black from becoming a re dcolor, S^ore by innings: Notre Dame 201 000 000 0—3 7 1 Purdue .. .. 000 000 210 0—3 8 1
Staff Minnbars To $liow Camp Picture; Tueglay Fred I. Goldsmith, assistant dean of men at the University and R. O. Papenguth, University swimming coach, will show motion pictures of Gamp Shewahmegon on Lake Owen near Drummond in northern Wisconsin at 7:30 next Tuesday evening at the Indianapolis Athletic Club, The show has been arranged for parents and sons who usually attend boys’ camps in the summer/or who expect to attend this year. Papenguth was formerly the swimming coach at the I. A. C., and Goldsmith IS owner and director of the camp where he spends his summers, m.1.1.
I M Scheduldt msbpall Friday, April 11 Diamond 1 Ward 8 vs Ward 28 2 Ward 2 vs Ward 27 8 Ward 1 vs Wa»^ ^5 4. Ward 6 vs tVard 24 6 Ward 6 vs Ward 21 6 Ward 8 vs Ward 17 7 Ward 16 vs Ward 10 8. Ward 11 vs Ward 18 9. Ward 16 vs Ward 10. Alpha Tan Omega vs Pi Kappa Phi
Dinah Shore, network vocalist, is a graduate of Vanderbilt university.
Classified Ads
Typawxiteni and adding machinca, new and awed, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69 50. Office sv^hes. Mimeograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Ebenhoff, 606 Main St Phone, 2779.
All Fencers: Silver Mask is sponsoring a tonmey on Saturday, April 12 All men who have not fenced in any tourney on the campus are eligible. Sign up in the fencing room at the Fieldhouse Tuesday, April 8, or Wednesday, April 9. —WEGENER
Radio Club Members: Order your membership pin by paying deposit at meeting Tuesday, April 16. FREED.
For Bent: Ruas-Rent-A-Car Service Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.69 all night Phone 2407.
Lost: Bulova wrist watch in Chem Annex Call 2604
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, April 16, at 7*80 p m in room 134 EE building M T. Reynolds will give a demonstration lecture on “Simplified Field Strength Measurement for the Amateur." A radio equipment exchange will also be held. —FREED,
THE ABHilTY ... to look neat and smart at all times is a business and social asset! Regular Sanitone Cleaning will do this for yon! American Laundry
7b 3>wdJwL fijudJbf, TyUdd.—
For the Party Dress department of Palais Royal is your haven. Where else can you pick from such a scintillating selection? Where else for but a modest $7.98 or a less modest $10.95 to $39.95 can you be made to feel and look like a million? \ For downright smartness, suavity or sleekness select your formal from our soul-satis-fying stock.
Catalyst Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation will be W^needay, April 16, at 7 :i6 p m at the Chem and Mm Building. Sign up for the party in Dr, Lovell’s office before Tuesday noon —BERGSTBDT.
Eta Kappa Nv Actives and Pledges: Formal initiation at 4 p. m. Friday, April 11. in reading room of EE Building. Bring initiation fees ^ —HOLCOMB
CM 12 Cenditfans: Tests for retimvpl ^ G’s in Highway Construction Will 6c hetd Saturday, April 19, from 1 to 4 p. ftt. hr room 206 of the Civil Building. —PETTY.
Intrafiiural Baseball: Anyone in Ward 13 desiring to play baseball call 66108 and leave your name —OLDS Advanced Course Military Students: Pay will he distributed at 1 p m Friday, April 11, at the main office of the Armory —AYERS
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet Saturday, April 12, by schools as follows students whose names begin with A-E, room 129, Electrical building, F-K, room 201, Civil building, L-R, room 101, Michael Golden Shops, S-Z, room 264. Electrical building —KNAPP
Ail Students: There ''will be no iuhiett recreation Good Friday, April II —FISHLElGtt
Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Friday. Apnl«ll, in room 304 of the Union at 7:80 p m Prof Hall will speak Electiorns and picnic next week —CORTI3SOZ
Notices
ME 31 C’s and Ps Make-np: Final for C and I grades in any division of ME 81 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101, Mechanical Engineering Building —KEMLER.
Senior Military: Associated Military Stores will display military clothing and equipment in. Armory supply room between 8am and 5pm Thursday, April 10 and Friday, April 11 ' —BROWN
NeWman Club Meeting of the executive committee and the chapel committee Tuesday, April 14, at 4 p m in room 302 pf the Union —LUERS
Peace Committee; Meeting m room 6S of the Union Friday, April 11, at 4 p. m. Everyone invited —MMMCM
Senior Military Students; Sign up on the bulletin board in the Armory for appointment to have pictures taken. 4-19 —JOHNSON
PIA Members: Sophomores and juniors interested in petitioning for positions of vice-president, secretary, and treasurer may stiU turn in petitions to the PIA office by 4 p m Friday, April 11 Elections will be held Tuesday, April 16 —MUSSER
Fraternity Affairs Office* Publicity and rush committees please report to office at 4pm Friday April 11 —JACOBSON
WAA Baseball* Practice Friday April II Two practices required for points Meet in the gym regardless of the weather —COOPER
GE 35: Examination for removal of condition April 12 Make arrangements in room 202 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, April 11. —OWEN.
Purdue Christian Fund* Sunrise Service and breakfast at Happy Hollow Easter morning Meet at 126 Chauncey at 6 30 a m If you are not signed up and want to go, call Dick Smith at 51191 or 4393 —SMITH.
Kappa Delta Pi* Initiation will be held at 6 p m on Thursday April 16, in room 366 of the Union Banquet will be in room 363 at IB 30 p m Prof Murphy of the history department will speak Actives alumni, and honorary members welcome Make reservations with Ruth Swickard —NORQUEST Life Saving Corps Meeting at 6 p m Monday April 13 —GOURLEY
WAA Tennis; There will be tennis instruction every Wednesday and Friday at 4pm for all interested Virginia Baxter will coach 'Those wishing to be m the tournament most sign up by Monday, April 14 —MOFFITT
Skull and Crescent Pledges and Actives: Meet on 50-yard line in Stadium Monday, April 14 at 8 p m Bring flashlight paddle, notebook and pencil —SAYLES
Sophomore Activities Bureau Workers: Petitions for sophomore workers in the Activity Bureau are due on the 16th Any questions you have, see me —WALLY
SOUTHWORTH'S
’ Extraordinary DOCK event
69^j3.
Originally Published at $2, $2.50, $3.50, $10.50 Even Higher, Remarkable Values at o N LY
^95
imt LEONARDO DA VINCI—Anttefaw VaUentiii. Profusely Uliutrwtod with full color and blaek-aad-whlto Utbographs of Ijeonardo’B great paintings. Thrilling biography of the miracle worker who painted the Mona Lisa, the scientist, wgeon, astronomer, engineer, architect, mlltruiy esgjert who was perhaps the greatest g^us of aU time. 861 pages. Originally $4.60—NOW $1.98
CAI BENJAMIN 341. franklin —Carl Van Doren. Pulitzer Prize Bl08T&P^« xnon* umental 80O-page biography the printer’s devD who became hla country’s first great diplomat — the fa&er of modem dentistry. Inventor of the harmonica, rocking riialr. Daylight Saying Time; organizer of
the Demooratio.J^rWl
OriglnaUy $3.76-NOW $1.98
tLM THE COMPLETE POETICAMItfORKS
O^AMES WHITCOMB RILEY. 1^-
ace by Donald Culross Feattle. Btvery poem ever written by America’s great Hoosler poet of Nature . . . 10S.P2®®JSt 886 pages. Orlgtaally $8.00—NOW $1.79 9$ NIJINSKY-«y Bomola NUinsk]^ his “O. Unbelievable life story ot the world’s greatest dancer. 447 pages, pro-
fusely illustrated. „ OriglnaUy $3.76—ONLY $1.00
7« THE SECRET OP KEEPING FIT: Easy asd Sure VVay to Better Health —Artie’' McGovern. liet America’s greatest Physical Director teach you the secrets of his good health system, used by Jack Dempsey, Babe Ruth, Gene Sarazen, and hundreds of others! „ __
OriglnaUy $2.00—NOW ONLY $1.00
DQA LORDS OF THE PRESS —Oeom ODO. geldes. This frank, unsparing analysis blows the lid off America’s fgeat newspapers—^reveals their inside wUcIeB, practices, personalities, good and bad!
OriglnaUy $3 00—NOW ONLY $1.00
Rill HELL ON TRIAL—RmeBeB^oIt, R222. author of Dry GniUotine. Spinechilling account of actual conditions on Devil's Island—of escape, arrest, punishment, convict ships, murderers, Md final freedom! priginaUy $3 00—NOW $1.00
TOE .FIRST SAINT OMNIBUS-~l^
Of a. Charteris. 13 of the most thriUIng and Intriguing adventures of Simon Templar, modem Robin Hood of Orime.
oHglnaUy $2 50-NOW ONLY $1.00
R4i tHB BUSINESS MAN'S PRI^ICAL u34. OUIDE TO LAW—Francis W. MorshaU. Ciomprehensive, authoritative law fpr the man In any kind of business. How to draw a wlH. make a contract, all the things you need to know about law to avoid trouble. Orlgdually $2.00—NOW $1.00 CTO UVING BIOGRAPHIES OF GREAT waQ. COMPOSERS—Henry tmd Dapa Lee Thomas. The men who have made great mu^ic come to life in these fascinating biographies. Illustrated with 20 full-page portraits by Gordon Ross. ONLY $1.98 Other books In this series-all profusely
Wesfrated by Gordon Ross:
CIO LIVING BIOGRAPHIES OF GREAT dlV. miL^OPHERS. ONLY $1.98 ei7 LIVING BIOGRAPHIES ^ OF FAMOUS RULERS. ONLY $1.98 CIC LIVING BIOGRAPHIES OP GREAT 9*®* PAINTERS. ONLY $1.98 MO GREAT PROGRAM MUSIC—Sigmund wuO. Spaeth. Here are famous miscellaneous pieces of music which appear most frequently on concert programs Themes set to simple verse, so that the melodies are quickly recognized. ONLY $1.49 M7 CHEERIO'S BOOK OF DAYS— wf* Charles K. Field. 2,600 favorite pieces of warm-hearted philosophy and encouragement by 1,600 different authors— fruit of 16 years of dally broadcasting by radio’s beloved Cheerio. Poems and prose that make life happier—a page for every
Ross
8 by u
ONLY
$1.98
90 ROYAL CANADIAN MOUNTED POGw* LICE. Inspiring history of colorful woodsmen who always get their man The most complete story of their exploits ever PHbUshqd. OriglnaUy $3.76—NOW $1.00 19 VAN LOON'S GEOGRAPHY-One of ■•“e the most fauplnating, most original geographies ever written! }22 engaging 11lustratlous In Hendrik 'Willem Van Ixion’s best style. Three-dimensionai maps Over KLOOO sold at $3 76. NOW $1.00 THE MIRACLE OF EN6LAND-Andr< afturote. Mew edition —-enlarged to include the Miracle of the U^ment! The history of the British Empire from earUest thnes to the present assault WEnSiand. Originally $3 76-NOW $1.49 OA| |.0$T SUNRISE— Kathleen Morris, uv** One of the greatest romances ever wrlttMi by America’s best-loved novelist. ^
Ori^ally $2 O0-NOW 69e*
OHO the WEfe AND THE HOCK—’numuw
Wolfe. The only love story Thomas
Wolfe ever wrote. As passionate, turbolrixt, and powerful as the great author of “Look Bomeward, a]^1“ Slnui^. ONLY
780 !S?E THORNE SMITH THREE DECK•ow« eR—Thonie Smltli. Three complete mM and bUarions novelsl The Stray Isunb, Bain In the Doorway, and Tnmabont. Originally $2.60-ONLY $1,39 R138. OB MAUPASSANTS COMPLETE DIOO. SHORT STORIES. 200 tales of love, hate, passion and madness. Over 1.000 pages. OrighiaUy $2.98-NOW $1.00 R94e UNCOLN TALKS: A BIogriwAy la ***rst/, AMedote—Kmnuianel Hern. AU the humorous stories, taU tales, letters and anecdotes hy and abont our most beloved President which have come down to the present day. 698 pages. lUustrated with photograph. Oririnally $3.00—NOW $1.39 ZHE EPIC OP AMERICA-James Tnulow Adame. Here is the whole mphlp story of the American people from Oolumbus to Roosevelt, nnanlmousiy aoelahned by historians and readers as “the best single volume on American history in ezlstence." OriglnaUy $3.00—ONLY $1.00 AgA HOW TO PLAY THE PIANO BY EAR LeBoy, radio’s famons piano teacher. Spend only 30 minutes a toy for five weeks with this complete, practical course—then play any popular or B«nlclasslcal tune you can hum, whistle, or sing! New publication. ONLY $1.00 ffTI THE MORTAL STORM-PhyBig Bottome. Poignant love stpiy, told against the hackm^mnd ot life under Nazi rule. ONLY 69e 4&9 MADAME CURIE —Bve Carle's snperb biography of her mother, discoverer ot radium. Ifore than 300,000 sold for $3.00. NOW ONLY $1.49 RgS THE LOUIS BROMPIELD TRILOGY. Complete In one magnificent volume —GrMn Tree, POssesaion, and Bariy Antomn. $7.60 value—ONLY $1.00 522 TOE IWE OF ANDREW JACKSONMarquis Jmnes. FoUtoer Prize Winning. Blogrm^by—boasterfully written story of “Old Bickory.’’ Orlg. $6.Q0—NOW $1.98 525. CONCORDANCE. Authorized King James Version, Including International Bible Encyclopedia—In a fine Lfbmry Binding that makes this Book of Books an Integral part of your Ubraiy. ONLY $1.79 525A. Thumb Indexed Edition. ONLY $2.29 271 THE WALT DISNEY PARADE. Just *‘*** published. ALL of Walt Disney’s famous characters, including a preview of things to come. FuU of fun! FoU ot color! Full of value' ONLY $1.98 B85 I!JI„AMERiCAN HISTORY 9UIZ aww. book. Hundreds of questions and answers, both informative and entertaining about our history. ONLY $1.00 R335 TOMUGH LiTODS OF THE BIBU ***"*''• —H. V. Morton, author of IN THE STEPS OF THE MAST^. This travel book makes vivid the lands you read about In the Bible. Orig. $3.00—NCiW $1 i[79 174 TOE BUSINESS ENCYCLOPEDIA — ai’x. Edited by Henry Marshall. Goldmine of business facts, laws, tables, forms, ideas. Was I8.00-NOW $1.0p Igg MORE FUN FOR TOE I^LYJerome $. Meyer. Hundtofis of charades, quizzes, mental antics, parlor stunts, games. Orig. $l.jKi—NOW $1.00
BSD. USo? your education! Brush up on subjects you have forgotten! Here is the foundation upon which every mucation must be built. 24 complete high school courses with Study Outline and 1,000 SelfTesting Examination Questions and Answers. Orig. $6.00-NOW $1.89 B380. sblf. taught — Alexander Shelf. Complete Commercial Course shorthand. troowltlng. and 12 other office Bm)Jecto, £|i tasoffiating, easy form for home atudy. A *6 value-H3ilU.Y $2.39
MC thecompletesherlockholmeb —Sir A. Conan Doyle. The great stories on which the Basil Rathbone dramatizations are based. Own them aB In this big volume. ONLY $1.98 fifiC OUlCK WAY TO BETTER GOLF — Sam (Snead. Machine-gun camera Ifiiotos give you large pictures of every movement; brief, simple captions, pertecft for home study. $1.00 713. HOW TO SKI-Otto Xnag. $1.00 87«. BETTER BOWUNG—Med Day. $1.00 4S1 THE AMERICAN WOMAN'S COOK ^03 • BOOK. Thumb-Indexed for Quick Reference. 828 pages, 6,000 recipes. 230 photographs, many in full color—menus, service, diets, parties, wines, beverages, eto. Washable binding. ONLY $2.39
Me REBECCA-^hmtee dn hburrier’s Great Best-Seller Over 600,000 sold. The novel on which the morie Is based. Library edition at a new low price. NOW ONLY $1.00
4IQ MUSIC LOVERS' DICVCLOPEDIA— Compiled by Bnpert Haggles; Edited by Deans T^Ior. Revised, up-to-date wlfin complete pronouncing biographical dictionary of composers and musicians. , Was $6.00-NOW $1.9f 320 STORIES OF THE GREAT OPERAS and lliatr Camposert—Kmest Newman. Now enjoy (moral Easy-to-rea# stories of music, history, lives of (»>mposers. 1,0^ pages. Originally in 3 volumes at $10.60. NOW $1.59 lyiO funk & WAGNALLS STANDARD UNIVERSAL DICTIONARY. Recognized authority. Gives spelling, pronunciation, meaning, etc., of 83,000 Engli^ words and phrases. More than 6,000 articles, groups of synonyms. 1,200 iUustrationa ONLY $1.79 SODA. Thuml>-Indm; Edition pNLY $2.19 BOOB. DsLain Lsa(Mer Booad Editioa. Tbnmb Indexed. ONLY $2.98
Mft THE GRAPES OP WRATH — John Bteinbeok. The most famous Ixxilt of our day, winner of Pulitzer Prize and nationwide acclaim. "The greatest American novel I have evar read.” says Dorothy Parker Over 430,000copies sold. Library ^tion at a new low price. ONLY $1.00
MC THE ROCKWELL KENT SHAKE•W. SPEARE. AH 87 plays complete. 40 superb toU-Page Illustrations and endpapers by Itockwell Kent. Oambridge 'Daxt. Temple Notes, poems, aonneto. Index Preface by Ohrtstopher Moriey. 1,600 pages. Printed from same plates as $60 00 limited fdittou. ONLY $2.49 35 NEW BOOK OF EriGUETTE-lJlUan XSchler. Completely revised, brought, up-to-date. 608 pages, fully indexed Etl-' quette for diuners, dances, engagements, weddings, etc. Was $4.00—NOW $1.00 423. MODERN HOME MEDU^ ADVISER —Jdorris Ptohbeln, MJD. Treatments for all types of ailments of infants, children, grown-ups. What to do until the doctor comes. Was $740—NOW $2.49 3(13 BIRDS OF AMERICA. A magnificent "vw. 1,000-page encyclopedia of all North American birds. Edited to' President lEhneritus of Audubon Society. ).000 pictures, 106 full color. Glossary, index. 814 in X Hli in Originally three volumes at $17.80. MOto cue volume. ONLY $3.9S m ROGETS THESAURUS: la OICHON* • ARY Form. The standard word book. Thousands of new words The only thesaurus In dictionary form. Appendix of foreign words. Ori^aUy $3 00—NOW ONLY $1,011 198. art OFSElFISHNESS-DavW SealHuy. Let this fiemoua psychologist show hia simple, workable formula for living a better, happier life. NOW $1.0$ R324. NATORE RNCYOOPEDIA. 1.000 species of birds, ftawers, insects, “ta^’.reptllos. eto. TOO iltostratloas. 20$ in full cotor. Nearly 1,000 pages. Origibato to two volumes atlto-QO NOw il.Bt^^Wibil£SiSiHiMWfHi(MaiiH^iiliii^Mfii^^
'k-i\^f%’^ J.
•• /'
fiaqa^SpohiA
Friday, April 11, 1941
fijuAdjuiL £xponanL
Riveters Embark This Morning For Michigan State Track Meet
Hoping to show the same supremacy over the boys from East Lansing as was exhibited last year, the Riveter track team will meet the Michigan State squad tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock in a dual meet. A full squad of approximately twenty-seven men will leave today at noon for the Michigan institution to take part in their first outdoor meet.
Get That Jug A victory tomorrow will enable the Boilermakers to keep the Little Brown Jug. for another year at least. The jug was first awarded in 1938 to the victorious Michigan State squad after their first meet in the series with the Riveters. Again in 1939 the Spartans emei’ged victorious from their second meet-
ing with the Riveters by a score of 76 to 54, so the little jug did not change hands. Last year, however, the Riveters became complete masters of the situation by virtue of their 69 to 53 trimming of the Michigan State lads. The treasured jug now rests in one of the trophy cases in the
POPCORN SACK 5c —GALLON 15c
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
lobby of the Pieldhouse. In addition to the maintenence of this earthen symbol, a victorious Riveter squad tomoi'row could even the series at two and two. Arrington Leads Spartans Leading the Spartans in point getting will probably be a fellow by the name of Arrington, if past performances bear any weight. His specialties are the high jump and the broad jump. Against the Riveters last year this lad leaped 6 ft. 4 in. in the high jump event, and then topped this with a 24 ft. performance in the broad jump. With the exception of Arrington, however, the abilities gf the Michigan State team are entirely in doubt. For the Boilermakers, Captain Ed Holderman is being counted on to help the cause by gaining points in his specialty, the mile run, and also in the relays. Burly Jake Weber should come through in fine style in his favorite event, the shot put. All American Dave Rankin will be entered in the hurdles and the discus events as well as the shot put with Weber. Dave will undoubtedly be able to increase the Riveter point total after these events, j.s.d.
Metz, Revolta Furnish Stellar Climax As Golf Clinic Adjourns
Silver Mask Stages Foils Tournament
Performing before a large and appreciative audience, Johnny Revolta and Dick Metz, two of the deadliest club wielders in the game, brought the second annual Purdue Golf Clinic to a close yesterday afternoon. Followed by their admiring throng, the pros marched out to Russell Field where they proceeded to demonstrate the wizardry that has made them famous in their own right.
YOUR EASTER GREETING
Oi-egon State college’s radio station, KOAC, established in 1922 as a 50-watter, was recently granted a power increase to 5,000 watts.
Superb Shots
One superb shot after another brought shouts from the crowd who were witnessing with mixed wonder and satisfaction the sights they were seeing. Not content with merely displaying their own prowess, Metz and Revolta kept up a running comment on the other’s game; offering constructive criticism that was helpful no end to those fortun-
ate enough to attend.
Keeping their purpose in mind, that of stimulating interest in the sport, and offering help and consultation to those whose game leaves something to be desired, the amiable professionals repeatedly took time off to give advice and pointers to some hopeful player. Revolta gave an exhibition of his mastery of the irons, and he continually amazed
the onlookers with an
sense of range and direction. Discussion Sessions ^ ' A popular feature. of the clinic was the discussion session that was held each day at the various banquets in honor of the visiting officials and golfers. Prior to a luncheon yesterday afternoon our own Bob Woodworth gave an authoratative presentation of some problems of publicity as related to the golfing world. Otto Probst, of South Bend, provided the clinic with an interesting and instructive review of current golf literature, and the morning session was brought to a close by John Vaughn, of the Speedway Country Club, Indianapolis, who discussed methods of caddy
training.
A pertinate topic of discussion at
uncannylYiany of the earlier sessions had
been the relation of golf and science, and the effect science has had in the advancement of golf to the ■place it occupies today. President Edward C. Elliott, guest speaker at one of the evening banquets, expressed his belief that the question under discussion was not what science can do to help golf, but what golf can do to help science, r.w.d.
Perhaps you can’t be home for Easter but an Easter greeting card will
be welcomed by your relatives and friends. See our selection of Easter cards and Schrafft’s
Easter candy.
. . .
For a Dramatic Entrance
University Book Store
Across from the Union— ^ M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Start your big spring offensive on the romantic front in a new formal from Loeb’s!
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOtf’Rf ALWAYS WIICOHE AT WALCRECNS DRUO STORES
Hundreds of new styles to choose from ... as last minute as the latest dance tune and twice as pretty!
See the same dresses featured in MademoiselleVogue and Harper’s Ba2:aar.
Prices Start At
FLOWERS for EASTER
Make Easter bright by the addition of Easter lillies from Roth’s.
Bouquets Styled by Artists
l^otL ^ionit
635 Main Street
Phone 7955
Evening Wraps and Evening Capes sy.95 and up and of course a delightful array of Accessories
Evening Shoes $4,00 up Evening Gloves $3.98 up Evening Hose 1.00 up Evening Compacts........ 3.OO up Evening Bags 1.98 up Evening Hankies 50 up Evening Jewelry 1.00 up Evening Tiaras l.oo up
Special flight Make-Up by Elizabeth Arden Imported French Perfumes in Your Favorite Scent
Fafayette’s Style Headquarters
Competing tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 in the fencing room of the Fieldhouse, approximately 20 neophyte Riveter fencers will vie for top honors in the annual Silver Mask foil tournament. Competition is open to all those who have never fenced in this tourney before, according to the Silver Mask president, Ernest Wegoner. Last year the meet lasted over the course of several days but this time it is intended to run off the whole affair tomorrow afternoon. Silver Mask has sponsored the tournament for almost a decade and in recent years has awarded medals to the winners of the first three places.
%
r
y4
MMli