1 s i
" r ^ r^ i r ^
>
<^T
#?/'
&7f *^4 ^
s',v'' •' -r'>'f'%>»%;o-^^-sii f*i) ^ j. ^ -^3 ^IJ:. . -xt^ ^ ^ . ^ % t.> #> #
’■'f 'l>y? <
k
i ■/ -'
EDITOR DISCUSSES First Anniversary Of Atlantic Charter
TUI w»Hi*Hng post Offers header's View On Gandhi Turmoil
Established I88fl
^ i'
Ruin the Ruljr
Volume 54, No. 4Z
f—
Brown To Play For S
WesT iafayelfe,, fndianp " I' 1—4“
|rf<iay, Aujpuet 1^#
1942
Navy Commissions D^^Wy
Dean To Work As Lieutenant In WAVES Training School
•tratton
rtviT
Atli^tic CHttarter The Piesident of the United States and the Prime Minister, Mr Churchill, reprei^enting HiS Majesty’s Government in the
United Kingdom, have met at sea
The President and the Prime Minister have had several con-
Convo, Dance Sailors Will Attend Pr^rom; Cary Dance Begins At 8:30
quest upon which the Hitlerite government of Germany and othei governments associated therewith have embarked, and have made clear the steps which their eountries are respectively taking foi their safety in the face of these dangers
They have agreed on the following Declaration /
The Presiednt of the United States of America and the Prime Minister, Mr Churchill, representing His Majesty’s
Government in the United Kingdom, being met togethei, deem nahstic honorary, at their summur it right to make known certain common principles in the na- banquet Wednesday evening
tional policies of then respective countiies on which they base
their hopes for a better future for the world
Doiothy C Stratton, dean of women, received orders last night that she has been commissioned as a lieutenant in the Women’s Reserve of the United States Navy Dean Stratton will go to Smith College August 28 for a month’s training
College * ensigns or e WAVES at Smith arising from the policies of military domination by con-
Dean Stratton will hold a regular commission in the Navy
which will last for six months -
after the end of the war Miss Mildred McAfee, president of Wellesley College, is in charge of the WAVES which was created as a part of the Navy by a recent act of congress It is a Counteipart of the Women’s Aimy Auxiliaiy Corps alieady in
training
Dean Stratton applied foi the commission August 4 in Chicago where she filled out an application blank and took a physical exam ination During the last few days Dean Stratton has been waiting foi her oiders which she expgcted at
any time
Trustees To Arrange For Absence The Board of Trustees will meet Saturday to make aiiangements foi the execution of Dean Stratton’s work during hei absence The Navy is planning to tram 1,000 women as commissioned offi cers in the WAVES These ensigns will then be in chaige of about 10 000 enlisted women The membeis of the WAVES will do cleiical and skilled work and will leceive in doctiinal and technical instiuction
at Smith College
Helped Choose WAAC Officers Dean Stiatton has icccntly been connected with the Women s Aimy Auxiliaiy Coips Last spiing Mrs Oveta Hobby, who is in chaige of the WAAC, asked Dean Stratton
E. J. Cadou
Talks At SDX Meet Discusses Events Of Pel ley Trial
E Jepson Cadou Sr , director of the International News Service at Indianapolis, addiessed actives, pledges and faculty members of Sigma Delta Chi, professional 30U1
Men of Cary Club will share their fun with the entire Umversity along ^ith all service men stationed on the campus tonight when they present Les Brown and his orchestra at a special Swing Convo in the Music Hall at 7 o'clock before at-
tending their own Summer Formal
Following the convo, the band will move to the Union ball- ( rooms for the dance which will
last from &:30 to 11:30. Club officials have discouraged the wearing of corsages this eveniiig. A reception for faculty members of the Club attending the dance will be held in the East Faculty Lounge at 10 o'clock Newly elected officers of the Club will be formally presented during thex evening New officials include A1 Jackson, president, George Emerson, social chaiiman, Drwery
Freshmen Ehrollees
Number 1700 Ratio Suffers; Five Eds For Each Coed According to F C Hockema,
Dean Stratton
Lt.W.I.Freel
To Direct ROTC Ordnance Course Former CE Instructor Will Assist Col. Beere Lt Wilfied I Ficcl of the U S Army Ordnance Department has lepoited heie foi duty with the Mil
to help choose officei candid itcs at itq-iy Department where he will act the Fifth Coips headquaiteis in as assistant to Col D M Beeie and Columbus Dean Stiatton also went will be m charge of the ROTC oid to Washington, D C wheic she nance instiuction which the Militaiy helped with the final selection of the Department offeis foi the next and
succeeding semesteis Formei CE Staff Membpr
Lt FreeJ was foimerly a member
officers
44-,
Exponent Ad Steff Compulsory mcctiiig today at 4 00 p m in the office Evcrvbpdy
there
—GJEMRE
Soybean Association Will Open Convention At University Sunday
FIRST, Their counti les seek no aggrandizement, territorial or other, SECOND, They desire to see no territorial changes that do not accoid with the freely expressed wishes of the peoples concerned, THIRD, They respect the right of all peoples to choose the form of government under which they will live, and they wish to see sovereign rights and self-government restored to those who have been forcibly deprived of
them,
FOURTH, They will endeavor, with due respect for their existing obligations, to further the enjoyment by all States, gfeat or small, victor or vanquished, of access, on equal terms, to the trade and to the raw materials of the world which are needed for their economic prosperity, FIFTH, They desire to bring about the fullest collaboration between all nations m the economic field with the object of securing, for all, improved labor standards, eco-
See ATLANTIC CHARTER, page 2
Potter Assumes More War Duties In Capital Represents Engineering Profession With Patent Planning Commission Through his chaiimanship of the National Advisory Corn-
Long in the newspaper business, 1,700 prospective freshman Cadou’s most lecent assignment has gtudeuts have been admitted ?“'■ to the Umvers.ty This figure
assistant to the President, over Haskins, treasurer, and Bill NewiII,
political chairman
Band Will Feature Novelties Sailors now living in the Halls
tiial of William Dudley Pelley, w... will be special guests at the eonvo, leader of the Fascist Silver Shut represents an enrqllment only Blown will feature skits, oiganization in this counti y 100 Students below last year’s novelties, and the usual popular Informal Speaker total and does not include the numbeis The orchestra is but four An infoimal homely speaker, 350 students who began their fresh yehrs old, yet recently, in a nation often inteiiuptmg himself to light man woik this summer wide, poll of radio editors, the or his pipe make a side lemark or The wai has not affpeted the ra- chestra waa voted to be among the wiap his legs around his chair, favorably, foi thpre are pt lea§t top ten bpnds of the country Cadou presented the views and re- five freshman men enrolled for eaqh Most of the credit for the rapid actions of a newspaper coiiespon freshman coed Officials aye unable climb of the outfit may be ascribed dent concerning the trial and many to account for the fall in the num to the careful planning of Brown othei newsworthy events of the last ber of coeds except as a lesult Of and Joe Glasei, manager Deciding seveial decades the ever increasing number of war that a buildup via radio and recordCadou desciibed Pdlley as tact mainages mgs was more important than plac ful, consideiate of the judge, and Will Arrive On Friday mg the band pnmediately m the very intelligent in cariying out his ^f the fieshmen, who have "P pa^t in the trial He stated that been deluged all summer with bul ^ttracPelley’s type of man is an exponent notices, application blanks *‘*® ®^®^’ Playmg only location of the Geimaii Fascist way of life ^nd advice in vaiious foi ms, will ®®fi‘® ^‘*“® moie to be feaied than the legular ^juyg Friday, August 28 Those On.e of the first important conlun of saboteurs and labble rousers y^bo plan to take the tests for ad tracts was an agreement to play that Hitlei has sent into this coun yanced standing ip engineering four weeks at Michael Todd’s in
mathematics, chemistry, and engi- Chicago The oichestra proved so
Scheme In Story Writing neeimg drawing must be on the popular they weie asked to stay, He told of Pelley’s success and campus by Friday morning finally leavmg at the end of four a ide acclaim as a shorf story writer Freshman women will be wel- months After this engagement, foi many of the widely ciiculated corned and taken in hapd by coed Bjown and the band made the magazines m the United States, counselors whose activities are rounds, playing at the Paiamount pointing out the effect that Pelley’s sponsoied by Associate^ Women and Strand Theaties in New York, type of intellect would have on Students New coeds and then the Blackhawk Cafe and Chicago emotional people seeking an outlet couneelois will be entei tamed Fri- Theatre in Chicago, and many other foi their suppressed emptions in the day evening at the customary AWS populai spot^ throughout the coun-
foim of martyidom picnic at the Women’s Residence tiy
Cadou stated that the Silver Halls Vaiious dignitaiies of the Brown has won personal recogniShiit oiganization in this country University and of AWS will be in tion as originator of the payroll dewas analogous to the Ku Klux Klan tioduced fense plan foi band leaders Accord-
of the 0ivil Epgineering staff He Trnffpfi on Wnr Tminino* for Eno’inpori'nD' Sioioneo nnrl IVTnn- ^f u few years ago He believes that Fiiday night in the South Ball- lUS thg plan, hand leaders would t-e ^.ve«.ty .n ” ^ „ran7h.s .hose t,. ^o„p, both 3ee.< to V3„t .he Un.ve.* Ee....ous p.y p.,t ,£ the.. ..en's salanoB
1926 anp jojned the stiff immediate “ ^ n
ly aftei giaduation Fiom I9p9 to Uonal Patent Planning Commission, Dean A A Potter of the
Maich 1942 when he was oidered to active duty as a Reseive Office he served as assistant professor m the Civil Engmeeiing school Lt Fieel has been attending the Old nance School at Aheideen, Maiy land, until his lecent appointment
heie
The new oidnance ROTC now being established will become ef fective next teim as an addition to the Field Aitillexy unit; and will
Schools of Engineering plays an incieasingly active role in
the industrial picture of the nation
Chosen to lepiesent the engineering profession on this patent planning committee. Dean
Goldsmith Finds Ample Rooms For Fall Semester
Potter spends a few days each
month m Washington fulfill- . . ^ -i. . iiig his duties as executive di- urges urivers
rector of the committee.
then feelings by hating something Council will give a get acquainted War Bonds He has also suggested or somebody—Catholics, Jews and party designed to prevent home a plati to have idle tiavellers on Negroes in the ease of the Klan, and sickness and introduce the new stu- trainSj roll bandages tr do other
dents to each other and the Union useful work during the time which
Building thfey are on the tram. Official Welcoming In Music Hall t x *
Saturday morning the freshmen CpSfTtO CItfO T O ifOiCf
Stewait will open the piogram by See SDX BANQUET, page 4 Union Travel Bureau
Ample rooming facilities foi Uni
Uses of soybeans in waitimc „ ,
economy will fee the theme of the ^ei added oppoitunity foi students
22nd aijnual convention of the advanced ROTC couise veisity men students aie expected American Soybean Association QliaMy foi commissions as le be available m West Lafayette which will be held at the Univqr piivate homes duiing the fall teim Sity Sunday and Monday Confer take ^ , , ,
ence sessions Sunday will be de- ^ei tiaming in some caitip, Voted to this topic, and on Monday ^ ^ ®A’^ ^ confciees will be eLorted on a field grounds in Abeideen, Maiyla.jd
tup thiough the Univeisity expeu
mental i}e}ds oidnance comse jv.U be
Serving With Potter
Charles F Kettering, president of the General Motors Reseaich Laboratories, who repie sents inventois, Owen D Young
will officially begin their Univer sity life when they are welcomed, examined and entertained in the Music Hall A new f eatui e this year IS a prelude of oigan music with which A1 Stewait, head of the Mu-
Workeis with the new Student Organizations, hopes to sooth
Union Travel Bureau today appeal freshmen
To Carry Full Load
to cai diiveis to sign up as soon as possible At latest lepoits, thirty two students desiring rides had leg
See FROSH ENROLLMENT, p 4
“ LWU bLUUUiiia iiuca iiau icg . IfBlI
, ^ 4- 1 1 n fiouorary chairman of the boaid of ig^eied at the Buieau desk but only \vA|||fAI| y|||fll|0 It was announced today by Dean of the Geneial Electiic Co, who lep diivers had tuined in then jRvIvlUH flUCiyv
Men Fled I Goldsmith following a resents industiy, Chestei C Davis
meeting with landloids ana la id of the Federal Reseive Boaid lep The Bureau was established three ladies lesenting laboi, and Francis P ^j^yg fgp the purpose of seeing Dean Goldsmith also announced G^iues, piesident of Washington student cars go home foi
In the opinion of Secietaiy fi^^®fi®fi then that m ordoi to obtain accui ate data Hee University repiesentmg vacation with a full load, thus elimGeoige M Strayei the 1942 conven ^^®^P cpuise The nurabei of stu- legaid to available looms ai consumei, serve with Dean mating as much waste of tires and
gasohne as possible It will lunc
tion will be the most impoitant in the histoiy of the Association He states that the best minds of agii culture, government and industry must be applied to the pioblems of developing greater harvesting stoi mg and piocessmg facilities to ac commodate this yeai s fifty pei cent incieaac in soybean acieage
Conf Cl elite Speakers
Confeiepce speakeis will include M L Wilson chaiiman of the Na
consumei
dents to be epioiled has been set vangements have been made to Pottei ^
at 100 though the quota of junjois to be empiled this next semesfei is
which aie listed with his office The effectively
Eehind Stadium Wilt Burn tonight
Summer Banquet Tomorrow Night Cosmopolitan Club’s summer se-
mest^ banquet will be held at 6 30 tomonow nighthn Lincoln Lodge A special ffinner will be followed by eiftertamment including games and dancing Frank Stecker, vice presiddht of tlie club, will serve as master of ceremonies in the absenqe of
the president, Erancis Lau All lyEo iptend to go should ob-
tain tickets from club officers befoie ^ nqeeting this a:^tetnoon All
50 In succeeding semesteis appiox imately 26 juniois will epiQll pei
tci m
Students taking the coujse will ^.bg gg^eial diiection of Piof J R the present ciisis and to plan to those desiious of iides in another be selected in much the same man Lgyy^ gf the division of education piomote invention and discoveues Airangements foi placing of pas nci as those foi legulai advanced applied psychology with the which will increase commeice, pro sengeis will be made by Union
assistance of thiee giaduate stu vide employment and utilise the fa workeis, and students will be noti
com sc
Thf five horn couise will consist of th(f usual amount of diilj woik
iTj. u ,rno..ii v;iiaiiiiiaii ui wicixa that the a^vanccd militaiy stucjonts , tional Advisoiy Committee on Nu take along with specit^l oidnance f''| l\appa rhl
tiition, whose subject will be “The subjects All oidnance instiuction
cihties of men and equipment now fied as soon as a iide is available
developed foi the wai effort to con tiibute most to the public good after
the war
Faculty
Place of Soybeans in Advancing will be Ih chaige of Lf. Freel Wdild Nutiition , and C C Fai
iington piesident of the Commod ity Cicdit Coipoiation, Washing ton, D C will discuss the govern mental soybean pm chase piogiam Univeisity speakeis on the twoday piogi un include II J Reed, dean oi the School ot Agiicultme and Plot C W Cai 1 ic kof the poul
tiy husbandly depaitment
lo Mcmbeis of the Faculty Ihe regular monthly meeting ot the Faculty will be held on Monday, August 17, at 4 p m,
in Eliza Fowlci Hall EdWfiid C EJIiptt,
President.
social fiateinity announces ^
the election of the following offi David Ross
ceis tov the coming fall semester Aichon R E Kottemann, Ti,eas mei A E Reynolds Secietaiy
piesident qf tbp Hqjyqpfty Bqaid pt Tiustees is slightly fm
unsold tickets are to be turned in
, , «... „„ „ , the Skeleton
make a complete suivey of all Their job is to make a suivey of tion only during vacation periods, yj|jg„g receive another hot- Those attending will meet at the
ooming houses m West Lafayette the patent system to determine how leplacmg the bulletin board in the fijemep will ®*®* o^trapee of the Union faefoie ifhich aie listed with his office The effectively the patent laws now libiaiy dming those times come to the lescug of Hotel P U, transportation to the suivey which will be started im woik to decide how goveinmqnt At the piesent time diiveis’ palatial mansion where dwell lodge will be waitingmediately will be conducted under should stimulate invention duupg names aie being placed in ope file, society Jp accordance
With the piomise made by Major \|0f]f|a 4P||C|fgf| Gilliland, of the Chemical Warfare ^ r r School, two weeks ago, the four , qogiiil fiatermty, announces story, open front stipcture will, to- th® following election of officers for night finally bum tq the ground the coming semestei piesident,
. , , The piogiam scheduled will foi- Eobert Tep Eyck, Cinpinnati, Ohio; Christian rO|PP)C|9flpl1 low the g^neial example of past vice presidient, Richard Custis, announces the election of the peifoiipances Demonstiations de- Goshen, regor4er^ Jgmes T. Watfpllowing officeis president, Janey signed to instrijct civilians ip the art sop, Mt Caimel, III, assistant Dunbai, vice piesident, Joy Wamp of extinguishing incendiaiy hoinhs tieasurei, S, W ^cMylei, Foyt lei, secietaiy. Dona Maiie Inon, of all types will bp given, 'filth Wayne, wardgiu ^ohn E Hippgrt, and tieasuier, Leon Hughes plenty of high giade ^jjtpitainment J^Tyopiing, Ohio,, herald, WilUap F« Recently elected as officeis of the qn the side Right apd wroilg ways Puesteiberg, Vincennes, pledge
A Laud Histoiian, S L Chapin, pioved, his con4ition being leppr^ed Student Class weie Rob Smith, pies of extinguishing the bombs will be mastiaj Fiank Kohtzen, Huisdaig, Chaplain J W Badgei Waiden, C last night as “fan after a peaceful ident, and Byion Rigg, vice piesi- shown HK song feadpr, F. FawMadoiy, Stewaid F C Wise, Book day,’’ by authoiities at the Home dent, while the Sunday Evening As usual, the public is invited cett, JR > ktepei P V Gieenfield, and Mem Hospital where Kpss was taken Foium chose Maigaiet Heid as to the demonstiation Paiking space Glenn StopkK}rete,r. Wyomhig, Ohio; bei at laige of the Stewaid’s com after being stiicken with a heait piesident and Richaid Smith as behind the stadium will be piovided and social chairman, D. R Clearmittee, W D Southard attack some tune ago vice president for those who drive cars, water, Indianapolis.Purdue Exponent
t3if4^:Jk<^ilorial and ButiAittf Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005
Sporh, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 editorial Phone A.fter 10 p. m., 5377
Ediior-in-Chict News ^ifar Mnnaftin.-r Editor Spor.s Bdiior Business Titanaiter OirciiUlinn MnnsRcr.. Coed Editor
John F. Amos Don T. Brophr .John H. Armstrong Robert L. HadiSr ... .William D. MlUard ...Ken K. GJemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff ; ' "Associate Editors Edilocial Staff: R. W. Boswinklo, 1). E. But*. W. G. Hoskins, A. 'T; lluntir. V): W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. S|)orls,^laff: 1), E. Brewer, j. S. Dawson, E. L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer.
Business Staff
Coed Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager; Trena Torrenga. •lunior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Hoskins Sports Editor: Brewer Day pditor: Hass Issue Editor: Kimbali Reporters: Vegh, Fawcett, Gaylord, Murphy.
The Educational Obstacle Course.
GMN ANU BEAR nr
Entered as second class matter at the post office in 1/afayctU'v indinna. under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and r.t the siu’cial rate of postage provided for in section 1103. act nC-October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Wednt'sdny, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summer .‘^CnicsteV and daily except Monday during the fall and wintir senui^trr.':;. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.26 for summer semester ; mailed subscription $1.50. ^ ^ Keprcsenlcd for nalional advertising bv National Advertising Service, Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madii^oh Avc., New York, N. Y.
A Scrap Of Paper
Infinitesimal rays of hope are coming into view of the people of America and other ag-gression-resisting countries of the United Nations on this, the first anniversary of the Atlantic Charter. The rays of hope, surrounded by d blackout of reverses on most world fronts, arise from a slowly growing f^ith on the part of people of the United States. A faith that their cumbersome unwieldy government is, to a certain limited extent, beginning to acquire the inertia necessary to allow them to start throwing their weight around. Abroad, our armed forces have recently launched feeler-offensives against the Japs in the Aleutians and on the Solomon Islands as the pbople breathe a prayer and say it’s about timet And at home what seems to be a terribly muddled mess of politics, labor troubles and incompetence, begins to take shape in an industrial picture as the technically compe-tent-^triumvirate of Baruch, Compton, and Cona-fit plot toTake the industrial bull by the horns. Yet, the Atlantic Charter remains a scrap of paper for alb practical purposes. Conceived somewhere in the Atlantic on the H. M. S. Prince of Wales one year ago today by Messrs. Roosevelt and Churchill, the Charter, at the time, was a smug declaration of the kind of peace which these two leaders would have when their countries inevitajjly vv^on the war. We say smug because England still felt comparatively secure and powerful in her island'fortress, while the United States complacently relied on unproved and nonexistent, strength. Tp.day that scrap of paper, seemingly further out of reach than at its conception, contains not only Roosevelt and Churchill’s idea of “their world”, but represents the dreanis and hopes of democratic, freedom-loving people the wmrld over. Tlie Charter’s eight points are meant to e.stablish the kind of peace that will afford to all nations the means to live in peace and safety within their own borders; and assure to all people the opportunity to choose their own government and to live out their lives according .to the four freedoms laid down by Franklin R,oosevelt 19 months ago. There are two types of peace possible for the-people of the world today. One is written in blood on the pages of Mein Kampf. The other is on that scrap of paper.—w. g. h.
For years a few progressive educational leaders have been working on a program that would give the grade and high school student something more than an assortment of facts. For years these men have had to fight against college entrance requirements which demanded so many units of this and so malriy units of that before allowing the would-be student to enroll. And when a student did get into a university with the proper packages of units carrying the right amount of credits, he was promptly put to work to gather for his record in the registrar’s office new units and new credits.. The function of the university was to deliver neatly wrapped pills of knowledge to the student so that he could swallow them and perhaps some time in the future like the cow chew his cud of facts and try to find one or two which might apply to improving his job or his peace of mind. Undoubtedly the universities would be in a fine state of confusion if they admitted anyone who merely had an urge to attend an institution of higher learning. For the sake of the administration- some requirements must be set up, But these stereotyped courses with emphasis on content and covering the ground could better be replaced at least for the freshmen by courses which try to help the student find out where he is going and encourage him to become a better citizen as well as a better piece of fly paper for his professors lectures. A school like this University is largely technical and must femain technical if it is to turn out people who know how to build a bridge or a car or a cake; but the School of Home Economics has a worthy aim in its new experimental course which takes time not only to orient the student to University life but also offers systematic faculty guidance and takes up living with people as well as working for them.
mayshop Will Offer Comedy^ tragedy During Fall Semester 3
‘Don’t be silly, Willis—if she resembles you, Aunt Matilda will notice it without your going to such lengths!”
UlliYersity Calendar 0 Friday, August 14
The freshman year in the new curriculum is so planned that if the student does not come back for a second year, her first year will have given her highly practical material in food and clothing selection and the principles of art in the home. Compare this with the course which gives the background and theory in the first three years and allows the student to apply the theories only if he lasts until the senior year. V, Perhaps it does develop a more reverent attitude toward learning to impress thoroughly a class with the mysteries of a subject before directly relating the work at hand to anything of any value to the student right now. Witch doctors did, so we hear, accidentally cure a few people with their spells before someone discovered that/medicine and surgery were more to the point and needed no hocus-pocus to conceal their defects.—s. r. b.
...The IVIlipping Post.
Editor’s Note: The Exponent offers this column to its readers for an expression of their views on locel, national or international questions which are pertinent. They are printed exactly as written
Editor Purdue Exponent
Sir:
Rojbert G. Font-aine
. Avho attended the University from 1935 to 1937, has .iecently been appointed an air cadet at the Army Aii rp'orce’s Pre-Flight School (Pilot) Maxwell, Alaban|a. While .stationed at Maxwell Field, Fontaine wiilVi’t'ceive military, physical, and academic training .which will fit him for the job of flying Army figl-Aer planes. lj|jiing his stay at the University, Cadet Fontaine v.-a.| a member of Beta Theta Pi social fraternity. pj'i(|j' to his appointment to the Army Air Force as a cad|t June 17, he was a commercial artist.
Er|iest R. Ness . a student at the University from 1939 to 1941, lias|j ecently been appointed as a cadet in the Army Airfi''orce and assigned to the Army Air, Force’s PreFlijJit School (Pilot), where he will receive military, phylical, and academic training designed to aid him in tlie flying of Army fighter planes. While at the University, Cadet Ness was a member^f Sigma Pi social fraternity. His chief extracurricular interest was boxing, t.. ..r.. . . ■
One of your readers contributed an unusually wellconstructed defense of Mahatma Gandhi’s activities for the previous issue of the Exponent. I was very much impressed by this writer’s ideas. He neglected no point of conflict between the advocates of immediate self-rule for India and the British imperialists. On the contrary, the facts which are usually cited as being the most telling arguments against immediate self-rule for In'dia were shown by the writer to be, in effect, argument^or that immediate independence. I thought that his, letter was a skillful and admirable defense of Gandhi’s position. I wish that I could believe it. I wish that I could believe that Gandhi’s long, disappointing struggle for India’s independence has not made him so confused that he would sacrifice anything, including India herself, for even a momentary attainment of that goal. I wish that I could believe that the Opposing religious sects in India, suddenly freed from Briti.sh supervision^ would not weaken the New India by clamoring and fighting for more political power. I wish that I could believe that an India rent by internal violence would be better prepared to meet an outside aggressor, I wish that I could believe that Gandhi, as the peace ambassador of the new Indian nation, could go, empty-handed, before the military leaders of Japan and convince them that.there is something morally wrong in their aggression. Or I.-vyish that I could believe that Japan, with Her professed belief in Asiatic integrity, would have no ambitions to attack the Young India, but instead leave her quietly to prosper. Not wanting to rely on the two previous possibilities, I wish that I could believe that India, suddenly given her freedom, could be transformed into a military power by the peace-loving Gandhi. I am not in sympathy with British imperialism, but I cannot believe that immediate Indian independence would increase the security of her people; nor can I see how the Allied war effort could fail to be weakened by such an occurrence. Mahatma Gandhi, long the most trusted leader of the Indian people, has seized the moment to fight for India s independence when the odds against success aie the longest, and the consequences of defeat are the greatest. GEORGE M. PICHA.
(Continued from page 1) nomic adjustment and social security; SIXTH, After the final destruction of the Nazi tyranny, they hope to see established a peace which will afford to , all nations the means of dwelling in safety within their own boundaries, and which will afford assurance that all the men in all the lands may live out their lives in freedom^from fear and want; SEVENTH, Such a peace should enable all men to traverse the high seas and oceans without hindrance; EIGHTH, They believe that all of the nations of the world, for realistic as well as spiritual reasons, must come to the abandonment of the use of force. Since no future peace can be maintained if land, sea or air armaments continue to be employed by nations which threaten, or may threaten,-aggression outside of their frontiers, they believe, pending the establishment of a wider and permanent system of general security, that the disarmament of such nations is essential. They will likewise aid and encourage all other practicable measures which will lighten for peace-loving peoples the crushing burden of armaments. I FRANKLIN D. ROOSEVELT ■ WINSTON D. CHURCHILL Dated August. 14,1941.
Hart-Harbm Wedding Set- For August 29
Vii’giiiia Hart, a former University student, will be married on August 29 to Arthur A, Harbin, ChE, ’42, of Oak Park, 111., who is now doing graduate -work in the Chemistry department.
k t/m's (jreatest Picture! TYRONE JOAN POWERAfoNTAINE
ylur WAD STAMPS ami 80SM «t nii THIATU/
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
L
TODAY- SAT. . . . 2 HITS
TOUeHM
PJAD END
KIDS
and
1.ITT1.E tough GUYS inr
anKcoME
PLUS
msasofit, T/MmiMi
This Way for Fun! A Riot ofl Slithering Spooks and Con-| vujsive Laughter! Mexican Spitfire Sees a Ghost with — LUPE VELEZ LEON ERROL PLUS
Roaring Like a Bolt From the Blue POWER DIVE with RICHARD ARLEN JEAN PARKER
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Those Roughneck Rascals Are At It Again! I The East Side Kids
SMART ALECKS — with — MAXIE ROSENBLOOM GALE STORM It's a First Run Riot
By Ernest Nordlinger “Claudia,” “Watch on the Rhine,” “Cuckoos on the Hearth,” and “ijit the Deck” are the major performances scheduled for the 1942-43 season of Playshop, the University dramatic organization. The schedule was announced by Playshop’s director, Dr. H. Kenn Carmichael with the approval of the Advisory Board, which includes Dr. H. L. Creek, Prof. A, H. Monroe, W. A. Bodden and Prof. R. A. Cordell. These major porductions will be supplemented by a revival of the summer semester play, “Jim Dandy.” It will be staged on November 20 and 21, coinciding with the week-end of the Indiana-Purdue football game in Ross-Ade Stadium. The entire cash received for the two performances of this comedy by William Saroyan will be turned over to the Navy Relief Society. This organization .with Admiral H. R. Stark of the United States Navy as president is pi’oviding direct help to families of seamen wounded or killed in service. Playshop is cooperating with other university theaters to reach a $5,000,000 goal. A five year survey of Playshop box office receipts showed comedies to be the most popular with the playgoers. Therefore the Advisory Board selected three comedies and one mdodi’OTna for the coming season. These ajt’c all new plays having
opened on the professional sta^e vvithih the past two seasons. . / ■ ^Claudia” written by Rose Fraiiken will be on the Fowler Hall staged’ October 14 to 17. This cojnedy . is still rufining after 18 months at the^ Booth Theater in New York Citj,., - The story concerns the problems of a delightfull naive newly mhrried; young lady who must leave '.her mother to live with her husband.' . “Watch on the Rhine” by Lillian Heilman will be staged December/ 8 to 11. Paul Lukes had the leading ; role in this melodfahia iYhen, it, opened April, 1941, on Broadway. This is an anti-Nazi drapia about'’ia German rebel who brings his fairi:-. ily to America and is followed ' members of the Gestapo. ,1, ; On February 9 to 12 Playshpp; will produce “Cuckoos on the, Hearth.” This comedy written by 1 Parker Fennelly opened in I’ldw York during September, 1941. The . drama critics have given this mys-■, tery thriller a four star ..rating, ■. “Hit the Deck,” a musical com-/ edy, will be produced with the Cooperation of the University Mqsi<;al Organizations, in the Music Hall ort April 10. The book, written by Her- : bert Fields with music by Vincent., Youmans, is being revived this y.ekr on numerous college stages since it concerns the Navy and their ivell known saying “a girl in every port.”
4:00 P.M. Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Room 304, Union / 7:30 P.M, I. Ah. S. Meeting.' Room 108, M. E. Bldg. 8:30 P.M. Cary Club Summer Formal N. & S. Ballrooms, Union Saturday, August 15' 12:00 noon Rec. Ass’n. for Am. Industry E. Faculty Lge., Union 6:00 P.M. Graduate Council Rooms 332-334, Union 7:00 P.M. Purdue Order of Zouaves Rough " Initiation Armory 7:00 P.M. Rec. Ass’n. for Am. Industry..........E. Faculty Lge., Union 9:00 P.M. Rural Youth Dance ..W. Faculty Lge., Union
Daily Health Service Report
Announcement arrived here yesterday of the wedding of Barbara Fellows, HE ’42, and Ensign Williain D. Hulls, ChE ’41, held last Saturday in Margaret Mary Chapel in Greenwich Village, Michigan. Miss Fellows was a member of the Chi Omega sorority, Coed Executive on the Student Union, .distinguished student, and belonged to Who’s Who in American Universities and Colleges, Mortar Board, Gold Peppers and Omicron Nu, home economics honorary. Bill Hulls was a member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon social fraternity, Executive Officer of Student Union in his senior year, a Gimlet and Who’s Who in American Universities and Colleges. The couple will be stationed at the University of Wisconsin where Ensign Hulls is instructing sailors.
Last Friday Jack T. Kimbrell, ME ’45, entered St. Elizabeth Hospital for medical treatment; and Martha Richardson, HE ’45, was discharged following surgical treatment. Anders S. Platou also entered St. Elizabeth on Friday and Was discharged on Monday. Margie Buntain, Scr ‘43, recelvfed medical treatment at theJV^I|t’4nfirmary Monday. Patricia Patricjk,' Sci ’45, and K. E. Voyles, Eng ’46,', j entered St. Elizabeth Hospital on - Monday for medical trea^|pt. ■ On Saturday Home Hospital dis- : charged Tom L. Greenwood, CE Frank V. McGirr, Sci ’45, and,Alldrf''"^' D. Shapiro, ME ’44; and Ivan Mead,’ ME ’43, was dismissed from Sti.' Elizabeth Hospital. On Mohdd'y IB. / J. Hoorger, ME ’46, was dismissed from Home Hospital. '
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 1th and Main Sts. Lafayette
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
SATURDAY
5:00 P.M. to CLOSING Balcony .40c Tax Inc. Main Floor 50c Tax Inc.
LAST TIMES TODAY June PREfSSER Betty ane RHODES Eddie BRACKEN
'SWEATER GIRL'
ON THE SCREEN Marsha HUNT Richard CARLSON
'THE AFFAIRS OF MARTHA'
"fi.
iMn
/&j If '*, > >'■ /".'i *“ " . j , it" >', ■" ^ii^/^'*;'"' ■• ' ‘ ' '* -. ' ' .u II ’i * . ',* '1 <1 '
%x
Ftiduf^JAugust 14, 1942^
BMleiynaket sports
r,if
Pagej^
Oridmen Get In Shape Por Football Practice ,' Leisure time for prospective football stars has been turned into a profitable occupation of body-conditioning recently as a few of the,Boilermaker”grid potentials have done a little
“sideline exercising” for the coming season.
' Football practice won’t start until Sept. 1, and Coach Elmer tinrnham exj^ects one of the largest turnouts in Gold and Black t)i^Sk’in history, with the ^ heavy schedule thM has been jjj Sche<JuleS
<;ar^ded for the Riv§ter squad. ** *
Waiting For Practice ~ TT"; ,., ,
^ The semi-final game of the Ward
'IJhrougJlOUt the day a spec- softball schedule will be played
ta,tor might stop and casually Monday evening, August 17: watch the strenuous work-outs Chem vs. Dairy, iolnb 16" fellows hhve been under- Umpire Cress. ^
gbiijg ' individually for the past The final game of the Ward Softnionth, all anxious for fall practice played Wednesday evetu Stgtt uing, August 19. This game will
^ j T Tr- be between Waid 27 and the win,Gnuck Harris and Laverne King, a t. •
.1 j A j 4.1. 4! 11 V ^er of the Ag. Chem vs. Dairy game,
ind candidates for the fall squad, iii, t j
. / 4. .^4 4. 1, . Umpires will be Lee Cress and Dave
jog out to the field once in a while, „ , tossing the pigskin back and forth, ®
S pirts Co^uni(tue« sig Nus Win Inter-Fraternity SwimJ —7— Sig Cnis, Kappa Sigs Tie For Second The Cleveland Indians, going the yvay of their early American prede- ^ ■ ' cessors in recent encounters, should stay away from the,Chicago'South Running up a total of 18 points between them, Burt Sears and Art Pier of Sigma Nti ^ Side. Even when they are Winning against every othet tea^ in the talked oif with first place in the I-M inter-fraternity swimming meet held last night in th^ league, which is a hypothetical case if^there ever was^ One, the- White pjgjjjjjQygg pggj_ gigma Chi and Kappa Sig combinations Were tied as runners-up with a to-
tal of 10 points each, Nihan of the freshman swimming team doing the bulk of the scoring for
the former. ■ '
Pier chalked up the first five points for Sigma Nu early in the evening, taking first place' - - in the 100-yard backstroke competition in 1 minute and 11.8
while Bruce “Pinky Warren and rr.. * i-ionon,.
, 4. 41 4.U 11 Un Tuesday, August 18, 7:30 to Ed Cycenas check out a football „ j. j. ■ u. j-
. fr , , 4. . j j 9 p. m. will be stunt night for the
from the check-out window and engage in a little punting duel.
Leugo Working Out
public swimming groups. This will be an opportunity for the children to entertain their parents and
A spare moment now and then ’ friends. The program will consist might catch Alex LCugo, varsity of water games, relays, special cehter, priming for practice season novelty relajs, diving and specialty with practice centers to a teampiate, races .There will be 25 events in or Sigma Delta Psi candidate, pass- all. Admission by ticket only, ing tests. _____________________
Big Bud Davis, sophomore guard
candidate, wrestles to get in shape, action for its first drill. Steve Baker while other linemen, Ain Harmsen, and Ed Kline, two other sophomore Bill Powers, Tex Smerke, and Bill candidates, are engaging in a little Shimer, throw blocks at each other, spate-time muscle building on the It’s a little tough without the foot- field, while Bill Buffington, Ed ball togs, too. Cycenas, and several otheis spend Up inside the Pieldhouse, a fast several nights a week in the Boilergameiof basketball has been build- makei athletic plant working off the ing the stamina of some of the excess weight. Forrest McCaffry future Riveter football heroes, has been tuning up also.
Sok knock them off without hesitation. With the start of a losing streak in the offing, as in the most recent instance, there seenas to be bo better place fbr the skidding Redskins to Jose some more scalps, than-Comiskey
Park, -
Of course in the last unhappy invasion, the Indians hit town when the Sox happened to be on one of their rare winning streal^4 Still, they have never been particular about th'e conditions under • which ^ they lost. Last year Cleveland managed to smash out 5 victories ovei^ the Sox while dropping 17 games to them. The indiaris did better than that against the Yanks, licking them 7 times whi|Io tak- , ing 15 defeats. After losing 3 straight out of 3 to the SdX, the Indians left for Detroit where they havo been handled no beiter. ' / Every once in a while this season, unwaiy souls took seats bp first base in the Braves’ aNtional-Iiea^de Field in Boston. Every
in a while an unfortunate spectator was picked off by a lyild ope uft'- Don Henricksen, a graduate stucorked by third baseman Nanny Fernandez in the general direction'<|if dent in the Chemical Engineering first. ,While Manager Casey Stengel sat on the bench and moaped at the school, is the newly crowned king pegs failing into the upper deck from the third base sector, the rookie of all-campus golf. Henricksen atinfielder, formet Coast League slugger, and a wicked batter so far in tanned this pinnacle Wednesday eve-
the Natiopal Circuit, was making a terrific fight for the all-lipie record for errors. Rather than take a good hitter out of the seventh-place Braves’ lineup, where good hitters are not too common, Stengel shoved the kid into the outfield. To date it has improved his hitting by removing his worries about his pegs, and terminated his race for the position of
the league’s soiriest fielder.
Any baseball team can sympathize with the poor Dallas Rebels of the Texas League. ANY team. The Rebels’ roster now includes exactly 13 players, including the manager, Wally Dashiell. This combination, its present state being the result of sale of pll the top players to higher leagues to fill holes left by the passing draft, has been tearing right along against leagud competition, dropping so far only 21 successive contests. It’s hard on the morale.
Henricksen Beats Mackey To Take
X Campus Golf Crown Un- Don Henricksen. a evadnate atu-
nipg when he conquered Guy 'Mackey*, Boilermaker athletic director. Mackey was three down with one to play when the match ended
on the 17th green. Henricksen One Over
seconds. Second in the event, 8 seconds behind Pier, was Hoti3« of Lambda Chi, followed by Nielson and Hanlon of Sigma 1^
and Kappa Sig, respectively. .
Sears, Pier and Martin Take Medley Relay, Sears knocked down another five pi^ntsTor the winners bytaking a first in the breast-stroke. His winning time for lOO - M,— yards was 1:18.4. Fifer of the
Betas, last year’s champions, was second; Lindquist of Delta Tau Delta, and Spetner of TEP following. Martin joined Sears and Pier in the medley relay to add up one more first fiist for the winners. 'The Kappa Sigma combination of Nourse, Ullman and Reeves followed close be-
Ward Softball Tourney Nears Final Round
Mackey
while others turn to cross-country jogging for theii wmd-building.
The individual work-outs, taken on by the boys through their own
Vincent “Rocky” Synder, and incentive, will go a long way in givBobby Hajzyk, both who kept in mg Coach Burnham a tougher team action in softball bulling this sum- at the call-out Sept. 1, and thq gridmer, are continuirig their individual men will be just that much tougher workouts, awaiting the day when for the opening clash with Foidham, Burnham will call the squad to in Ross-Ade stadium. Sept. 26.
Malcolm
To Coach Local
High School Teams
, M2r ^^ckfield Positions Not Filled As Iowa
I
Checks Grid Roster
Malcolm Mackey of West Lafay-
lowa City, Aug. 11—Quarterbacks and left-halfbacks are in the minority* on the Hawkeye football squad
ette, a senior in Physical Education, f®*-’ coming grid season, accord- near-perfection status.
Semi-finals of the Ward Softball
schedule will be played Monday eve- J to take second,^ DTD and the ning, Aug. 17, with the Ag, Chem. Gams taking third and fourth
Henricksen went out in 39 strokes team facing the Dairy ten. The win- respectively. Winning time, 1:31. and came in with a blistering, two- ner of this game will meet Ward Nihan of the second place Sigma *under-par 33, for an aggregate 27 for the championship Wednes- Chis was responsible for all 10 of total of 72. This round of one-over- day evening, Aug. 19. his outfit’s points, taking first in par is the lowest student score thus Ward 27 In Finals both 50 and 100 yard freestyle fai reported for the new University Last Wednesday evening three events. Van Darrow of Acacia also golf layout. The previous low was games were played on the Intra- placed in both of these events, takheld by Roger Schutt, who shot a mural Field. With a five run rally in ing second in the 100 and fourth in
round of 73 in the qualifying round the final frame. Ward 27 defeated the 50.
of this same tournament to take Ward 2. Ward 27 made eight runs McGirr First In Diving medalist honors. This score held the on seven hits, while Ward 2 could graceful jack-knives and course student record until Hen- only manufacture three runs on five gajnors of Phi Gamma Delta’s
ricksen’s fine round. hits. The batteries for Waid 27 were
Mackey shot a good round of golf, Uastin and Stackhouse, and for §3 points and an easy even in going down in defeat, but 2 Coleman did the hulling place in the fancy diving comhis 78 was no match for Henrick- Plummer behind the plate. petition. Nestle of SAM was second sen’s withering round. A low eighty The Ag. Chem. team, by viitue of gg points, followed closely by shooter at the first of the season, Roedel s no-hit mound work, ought Horstmann of Acacia with 60 points he has whipped his game down to its semi-final round with Moore of the Betas with 69.
MEET and EAT WALGREEN’S
V
V# BREAKFAST m LUNCHEON
DINNER
« I
\
• REFRESHING TREATS
YOV’RE ALWAYS WELCOilE AT WALSREER’S ^ STORES Vi 410 Main l^treet
who will receive his degree next week, has been appointed as physic cal education director and coach for the West Lafayette high school to succeed Gordon Straley, P. E. ’39, who was lecently inducted into the
army.
A member of the contingent sent to Indianapolis Wednesday by Tippecanoe county selective service
ing to a count made recently by the „ . , ^ ,
coaching staff. There are only three of each list at present, however the staff hopes for more following the
early-practice call-out.
Jim Youel, Ft. Madison; Ben
Trickey, Marshalltown; and Ed „ , „ , , Schweizer, Burlington, all who have match for the final ropnd.
seen considerable action, are the
^ 6-1 victory over the Forestry team. Roedel had a shutopt until the
final inning when he allowed the Umal standings and totals of thd
a has been reported ^.p^gg meet are as follows: Sigma Nu, 18;
‘‘A” fliD'ht Jim SriP’O'pman _ _ _ _ . -i tr
in the “A” flight. Jim Stiggleman has attained a finals berth and is scheduled to meet the winner of the “Dutch” Fehring-Joe Inman semi-
The “B” flight is also in a state of inactivity. In this flight there
for
quarterbacks. Left halfbacks , , Tom Farmer, Cedar Rapids; Sam quarter-final match to
board No. two, Straley was induct- Vacant! Omaha Neb.; and Duke Played between W. France and ed into the army and granted a two- Curran, Quincy, 111. Farmer and Simons. The winner of this
weeks’ furlough, with orders to re- Curran’both gained fame as Hawk-
port at Fort Benjamin Harrison on eye carriers last season. semi-finals. August 26 for assignment to duty. Iowa’s new coaches will get their Eastwood and R. Meyers are
His wife, the former Virginia suqads into action long before the Huffman, who also graduated from season opens. Coach J. E. “Waddy” the University in ’39, has resigned Davis will call the baseball players as director of the cafeteria in West out for fall drill and Coach I^awSide high school to accept a position rence “Pops” Harrison will start as dietitian in the Women’s Resi- the basketball players in middence Halls at the University of October. These coaches all deMichigan. She will go to Ann Ar- veloped teams a,tf ,other, schools bor on August 26, the same date which won a total of nine titles, her husband reports for duty. during their mentorship.
scheduled to meet each other
the other finals berth.
All final matches are to be playeS
on or before August 16.
for their only marker. For the Ag. Chems it was six runs on eight hits, and for the Forestry team, one run
and no hits.
In the only other game the Dairy defeated Ward 2, and will thus meet the dangerous Ag. team in the semi-
final game.
ROIC Honors Crack Batteries
Sigma Chi and Kapp Sigm, 10; Delta Tau Delta, 8; Phi Gamma Delta, 7; Acacia, 6; Beta Theta 4; Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Alphi i Mu and Phi Delta Theta, each 3; Sigma Pi, 2, and Tau Epsilon Phi, 1. Starters and Judges of divas': Larry LaBree and Homer Allen. Clerks: Bond and Goldstein. Timers: Bussing, Vegh, Herzog, iGrammelspacher, Edwards, and Shafer.
In I these days of new stocking textures it takes skill . . . and shaping ... to fit tall, curvaceous legs as they should be fitted. It takes Belle-Sharmeer’s Duchess, a stocking that’s accurately sized in width for tall, stately legs as well as graduated for their length. Duchess fits like a coat of tan in every texture, because it’s kg-sized for you! Here exclusively, along with Brev for small legs... Modite for middling. .’I Classic for plump. Belle-Sharmeer's DUCHESS
Belle-Sharmeer Stockings in all leg sizes $1.00-$1.50 a pair Thieme & Wangerin
622-626 Main Street
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Lt. john Oswalt, '41, On Leave From Ft. Bragg Lt. John Oswalt, University giaduate in ’41 and special seivice officei at Foit Biagg, is spending a leave with his mother. Mis. A. B.
Oswalt, of Lafayette.
Campus Bicycle Riders To Race Tuesday Night
Tuesday night at 7 p. m., ths Intramural department will stage a five-mile bicycle race, the first since 1935. The competition is open to all students and faculty of the University, with all bicycles required to
Winning batteiies of close order drill competition held during the week of June 30th were awarded medals at the Coips Day formation
held last Thursday.
Cadet Captain W. H. Clausen was in command of Batteiy C, 2nd P. F. A., which placed first among the thirty-two batteries enteied in the competition. Cadet Lts. R. A.
_ Leighton, J. G. White, Jr., and W.
Lt. Oswalt will report at Foit E. Taylor were platoon commandeis. standard models. No racing bicycles
Second place was won by Battery will be allowed. There is no adD, 3rd P. F. A., Cadet Captain 0. S. vance registration for the contest Powell, commanding, and third pedalers must be on the place was taken by Battery H, 2nd starting line promptly at 7 p. m. P. F. A., Cadet Captain C. T. Nu- Awards To Be Given gent, commanding. Awards will be given to the first
, . „ , , 4, Officeis and men of the winning four pedalers to return to the start-
battery will leceive a Crack Battery ing line atop their bicycles. Officials meHts. Mci Its have been state that 15 minutes should be th«
awarded to the peisonnel of the
runnel s-up.
Sill, Okla., Saturday, where he is being sent on detached service to attend a pilot’s field artilleiy course.
Mary Richey
home economics, yesterday defeated Madgel Bradshaw, sophomore in the school of science, to win the Women’s Beginners’ Golf Tourna-
ment.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
Acrofli From C/nlon
id** SammoDi *29 **Doo** Eppio *40
Hart Will Address Newman Meeting
Lt. Commander Hart, commander of the Naval Training School here, will address membeis of the Newman Club at the club’s last breakfast of the curient semester to be held next Sunday at St. Maiy’s
Hays Jewelry Co. ■’■ chmch in the school audltonum fol- save spills. lowing the 9:30 a. m. mass. First Since 1935 ’ After the breakfast the club Tuesday’s lace will be the first members will be entertained by bicycle contest of the Universi^ Marilyn Keyes, who will give sev- since, 1935. Prior to 1935 bicyefe cial lecitations. races were field annually.
131 North Fourth St.
X Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
average time for the five mile
course.
The route over which the cyclists will travel starts in front of the Fieldhouse, goes counter-clockwise around Cary Hall, back to University Street, south on Universitjsr Street to State Street, west oti State Street to the fork of the road near the railroad viaduct. The contestants will return hy the same route. The race is to be held on paved roads to conserve tii’es and
THE JAFSf
Help the Treasury “Minute Men” nf America by gning tn the nearest stare and buying ynur E S. DEFENSE BONDS and STAMPS TODAY1 >«■ ^ A
t "4
«i ^t/' " «f p4 Purdue Exponent
» #
Fridayf August 14, I94i
l|l||6r En^rs Okcril^s l^e^ Life In Let#s
*fwmer Staff l^em^er'Writes ^ ~*q ./ / «.
Note: “Scrap Rubber’s Place in the Military Ma* chme” IS the third in a senes on the rubber situation
Details of an 8,000 mile trip through Persia and Iran in an 'Army “ieep” were contained m letters recently written by
MajOJ* Gordon B* Enders, former member of the history, eco- reipased by the Office of Epiergency Management. Momics, ahd government department, now serving as U. Qjjg misconceptions about siirap rubber is ^nilitary attache at Kabul, Afghanistan. that it has only limited uses It is tipe m most m- . ,, , -.T 1 ■. 1 stapces SCI ap rubbei must be miifed With Cl ude rubber Thfe lettera were received here by Mrs. Enders, wno makes ordei to make a satisf^ctoiy profjuct but this her home in Lafayette during her husband’s absence. Writing practice obviously saves oui new puceiess and u
from Teheran, Iran, Major Enters described the ancient ^ countries, customs and peoples «ncountered during the 9B-day trip that was part of his work
»iii that territory. Desert Nomads
' Describing the lives of the desert nomads, their camel
Coni0dY Hit ■
Honorary Holds Picnic " . ' " . , As their last meeting of the se- fjii Marc ifafip i mestermembeisof KappaPeltaPi, Vll 1101® JIOMV » national educational honoraiy, held “All out foi laughs” is the be^t
There is a pound of rubber in every foot of lubber a picnic at the WAA cabin last desciiption for the stage show flppr mattiug and another pound m an old hot Water Tuesday evening Tentative plans ‘ Funzafiie which raakea it initial bottle The rubbei in gloves, sink mats, drug sun- for the coming semester were out- appeal ance in Lafayette at tne dries and the like may not seem important when each lined by Dons Blown, piesident Mars theatre next Saturday. Sikty item IS consideied sepaiately, but in the aggregate Ruth Walkei, Shirley Johnson and minutes of hi aiious aug er an
Dorothy Goodman were in chaige nonsense will make you forget your of aiiangements foi the picnic Al- eveiyday cares and 3om the fun by so attending weie Pi of and Mrs participating and helping the aotois B L Dodds and Miss Mufriel Me- with the goofy performance.
such small lubber aiticles add up to substantial
weight in potential reclaim Proportion Varies With Product
In rubber manufacture, the proportion of reclaim
which IS mixed with new crude rubber vafies accoid- Parland of the education depait- Eddie Fens and
ment.
Rural Youth School To Moot Next Week For Training Period
replaceable stock of criide rubber, makes it go fur-
ther, accomplish moie
The rubber industry always has used a percentage of scrap rubber in manufactuimg most of the more than 60,000 rubber articles pioduced commercially and scrap rubbei went into the average automobile tne even before the war when we still had access to inexhaustible supplies of natural rubber in Malaya
and the Netheilands East Indies Armed Forces Cut Consumption
The armed forces, forced to cut their consumption of lubbei so that existing stocks may }ast until the
Notices
AH Science Seniors All those who plan to graduate in August call at Pen Enders office to fill ont the necessary blanks
—ENDERS
Over 180 young people and rural
^‘han tents, blankets, and mattresses, Jf^eis are expected Jo register ,
'ppd the women, childien, dogs, Monday morning fpi thp fifth con- victory or until our^building synthetics industry comes goats sheep, camels, and donkeys secutive rural youth school spon- mto full operation, stand ready to absoib all the re’that were continually gathered m department claimed lubber we can supply The aimed foices can Vd aiound the tents, Majoi Endeis University and the depart- absorb this rubbei, mixed wtih the proper proportion
ment of education of the Indiana of new crude as rapidly as we can provide it After Farm Bureau, Inc next month army shoes will be made with soles and
^ “Obviously it’s all wiong that Continuing until Fiiday, this heels of reclaimed rubbei taps and heels built now the^e peoples should make them- leadeiship training school will bring rnto about two-thirds of aimy issue shoes use up ^selves a life in the stony desert prominent educational and agricul- about thiee quaiteis of a pound of leclaimed lubber
which (believe me) howls with deso- tuial leadeis to speak before the for each pan
^lation They should have electric young leadeis of county clubs A One of the arguments which, in the past, has prehghts and i mining water, ref rig- discussion on “What This Confer- vented a really all-out lesponse to appeals foi salvage eigtois and moving pictures Our once Offeis Ruial Youth,” conduct- has been the leasoning, “I can’t see wheie the little best economists say so Itisa^tub gd by Dean Hairy J Reed of the mbbei (or snap non or coppei or papei or rags as born fact that they cherish then School of Agiiculture the case might be) I might collect would do any jpnvations and will fight to the death j)ygj. Opens School good” But this aigument doesn’t stand up under for the hot sun, the flinty rocks, the Cyius Dyei of the Indiana Farm even the most casual analysis, it ip as though the dust stoims, the evil smelling asa- Bureau and Irma Wtnkleblack of individual soldier weie to question his part in the
the 4-H club staff, will open the military effort One soldier is poweiless against the school on Monday afternoon and enemies’ massed foices, but the United Nations’
scornful glances they^ cqst on the {jg followed by a get-acquamted armies which will ovei whelm Hitler and the Japs
*jeep’ convince me that they aie cei- gessjou and opening mixei on Mon- aie made up of single soldieis
tain that we aie as ciazy as our night
economists think they are” Tuesday will be Faim Buieau
day, led by I H Hull and Lairy Branden of the Farm Buieau, Wednesday’s program will be devoted to how the Univeisity can help ril^al youth woik, and Thuisday’s discussions will be concerned with how the rural youth can help themselves
Following a farewell party and buckle men’s all-rubber attics
dance Thuisday evening, the school will close with a banquet program
Frrday noon
Topics Of Interest To Be Discussed Topics of Intel est to rural leaders, suejr as “Planning for 1943,” “Looking FoiWJard to Mariiage,” “Recreation,” “Dramatics” and “Rural Youth Club Pioblems,” will
ing to the type of pioduct being manufactuied Howevei, to strike a rough average, it might be sard that in most cases the reclaim constitutes from 26 t^ 40 pel cent of the mixtuie Assume that reclaimed rubber weie mixed with crude on something like that basis, then five scrap tires oi 80 h«t water bottles or fouiteen 20-foot lengths of garden hose would supply the reclaimed rubber needed to make the rubber parts
of^a 38 mm gun carnage
All the rubber required for a flying fortress—^the
great tires as we}! as the many other minor acces- Tau Beta Pi piedgcB Here is a list of iji-ju J the actives J H Aimstrong R T Ball series—cguld be made by mixing crude from oul Clude d d Barta l l Bonham R B Boughan lubbei reserve with the reclaimed rubbei fiom twen- ^ ^ Eeustcr'^w ? Prante D Arrest
U O Henriksen A W Hubert R L Jenkins W O Koerner R S Kolb C B Leber F J McDonald D W Meier H M Merrill R W Orr A F Piei H J Reed A D Shekels W L Schalhol W S Shock tncy R E Sprague R J Taylor H R Velkoir R J Visin R A vonBehren W C Walker H M Whippo G R Wolter J T Youngblood —YOUNGBLOOD
ty scrapped tiies oi 320 hot watei bottles oi 66 20foot lengths of garden hose Crude lubbei mixed with the lecldimed rubbei fiom thiee scrapped +.res or 48 hot water bottles oi nine 20-foot lengths of gaiden hose would supply all the rubbei‘needed foi a ptiisuit ship And every time six sciap tires or 96 hot water bottles or eighteen 20 foot lengths of gar
his orchestra and the pick of comediens and novelty entertainers featuring Whitey Roberts, in Laugh Insurance, Jack Gwynne, the master magician, Rita, the American wonder girl, Al DeVito and Company, the king's jesters, the three McLaughlins girls, aenahsts, Sophie Parker, a ton of fun; Al Shepard, the mad funster; Bob Craig and Chailie Marini, the long and short of fun, Joe Monni, tumbled, and Professor Cheer, Ripley
wouldn’t believe it
The screen attraction for Saturday features Marsha Hupt, Richard Carlson and Marjorie Mam in
Former Band Members The Band will
prjees Ste Gabt or Ross at once for par-
needed to ticulais —/ROSS
foetida plants, the heids, the Velvet night skies, and loneliness The
Rubber In Common Objects
Here are the weights in sciap lubber of some of the aiticles which undoubtedly will be found in American homes Theie is, in an out worn automobile tue a possible yield of about 16 pounds of reclaimed rubbei A worn out inner tube will yield about two and one half pounds of reclaim Fifty feet of gaiden hose will provide approximately 20 pounds of scrap and there are three pounds in a single pair of foui-
mendous importance to all of us
They Eat Camel Meat
According to Major Enders, the nomads eat mutton and camel occasionally, plenty of sour milk, and succulent glasses which they find along the deseit trails They cany along water in large leather bags made of donkey oi camel skins Itinerant merchants chase them all ove^ the deseit to sell the fancy clothing and cheap jewelry they-
wear.
On the long journey down to Quetta, on the_ Afghanistan-Balu-chistan border, and noithward back
to Kabpl, Major Endejs and his “Rural Youth Club Pioblems,” will Musical Oiganizations of the Uni-servant-interpietei, Fazal, spent (J2scussed Special entertainment veisity will hold its annual mass as lunnei-up in the Fred Waring one night in Sha“juish, a place lack- jias been planned foi each evening meeting in the Music Hall Thuis- National Glee Club Competition in mg a hotel, and slept on a mud fi-gui 9 30 to 10 30 and time will be Septembei 3, at 7 30 p m for New York
all students who aie interested in
have collected all the reclaimed rubbei supply a two ton medium army truck Rubber Boots Make Army Raincoat
That pail of four-buckle men’s artics mentioned above would provide all the reclaimed needed for an army laineoat, and there are ten civilian gas masks
in an innei tube
Thise compaiisoiis, these equivalents make cleai
why we must get eveiy ounce of sciap rubber possible yom'^iopy
back to the reclaiming plants Sciap rubber permits us to stietch our supply of ciude lubber and at the
same time meet military lequiiements
Without leclaimed lubbei we shall have to use more and more of our limited supply of ciude We «iust husband that supply of ciude, we must stretch it out, we must make it last until oui synthetic piqduction reaches its potential peak or until wq regain those South Pacific sources of rubbei—sources from which we used to get more than 90 pei cent of oui
lubbei—now lost to the Japanese
Needed To Win War
For should we reach a time when oui supply of rubber is exhausted, we would then be at the end of OUI tethei, we should be unable to build the tanks
and planes and weapons and ships—and all of these Dsbrm picture _yoder lequire rubbei-needed to win this wai That is why Foundati^?hcrc w.ii be mfor the effort of the next two weeks is an effoit of tit- mal rtcrealion at the roimclation Frill ly
POMM Keys are now available at 3ewelry store —HUNT Chemistry Majors In the school of Sci ence finishing, in August 1942 should report at my olfice 422 Chem Building at their earliest convenience —-DEGERING Fraternity Rush Chairtnam A supplement to the list of incoming frd’^hmen is a\ iil
C(»nic
SCHWAB
Zouaves Routh initiation Saturila> An gust I") at p m in the Armoij loimil initiation and banquet Monday August 17 All actives intciested in going to thi ban qiitt should sign on sheet fn a Ui n n corp bulletin board before Situriaj An gust 1-5 o .-JACKSON WAA Council Members Meeting lues daj August IB at 4 p w in WAA r >om
- steicerwald
SCA House Presidents Minutes of An gust 4 Board meeting are available nt the west desk —MOGAVERO SCA Board Last meeting of semester on lufcsday August 18 it 7 30 p m Please be piompt •—MOGAVERO Pistol Team Report to Armory at 4 30 p m on Friday August 14 in uniform or
Classified Ads
Carrier Wanted Apply at Exponent Office or phone 3053 Ask for Klouman lost Will anybody who found my bill
fold lost on Grant St please send me back
all ms iilLiitifiiation cards.! Lmg
tor Sale I 111 U I 'I H
Matchid Wilson golf clubs isk for Nick
Typewriter*- Adding Machines, all makes told rented rtpairid and purchased Mimeograph Work dnni, C J Ebershoff, 405 Main, Lnfuyitte none 2779 Money to loan on diamonds watches guns, iiggagi typiwfiters Alberts Loan Office,
107 Columbia
Wanted Bar boy part time over Z1 Apply to Mr Higgins Hotel Fowler Will pay cash tor any old or new used bicycks Kigcr Shell Service Northwestern
at Columbia
Musical Groups Will Hold Mass Callout September 3
after the Lefa Brown convc
-BADGFR
DOES YOUR PEN LE^K? ‘ Expert SOUTH WORTH'^-
praying platform rug and blankets
hands and faces in the cold water of an iriigation ditch the next morning, the Majoi observed passengers fiom a Kadahar Kabul mail bus using the same ditch foi footwashing, tooth blushing, and drink-
ing purposes
Only One Contact with Civilization Only point of the trip during which he had contact with the out side world occuned at Dai band Hotel ‘Shangii La’, wheie the offi cer was a luncheon guest of Leland Stowe, Chicago newspaper cor re spondent who was also entei taming a group of Polish girls and their feminine commanding officei
spread with a allowed for such recieation as danc Washing their swimming, ping pong, bowling
and other sports
Personnel Notes
Naugatuck Chemical Division, U. S Rubber Company—Coming Aug-
ust 14 and 15
RCA Manufacturing Co , Inc — Coming Tuesday, August 18 Inter
becoming membeis of the Glee Club, Conceit Choii, Orchestia, or Univeisity Chou Attendance at this meeting will be necessaiy for membership duiing the coming
year
Private Tryouts
Fiiday and Satuiday, September 4 and 5, tiyouts will be held in the
Select Gioup In Concert Choir Still smallei and moie select is the Concert Choir, of which 35 men and women aie members This gioup also travels throughout the Middle West to Chicago, Indianapo lis, Louisville, and othei laige
cities
The University Oichestra, direct-
Music Halfat any t™; durmg ihe M Ragains appeals day, according to Dnectoi Albeit P times during the year in Oi I .1 ii, X 1 Lafayette and vicinity Sixty five Stewait of the Oiganizations who ^ , , , , ^ ^ „
° 1 J XU XI X xi. X X X instrumentalists lound out its roll
ested in EE ME, ChE, Physicists, emphasized the fact that tiyouts
Accounting, Personnel and
Study giaduates
Brewster Aeronautical Coip, Johnsville, Pa—Intel ested in Aeio nautical, Mechanical and Civil En-
Tie'g7oup'had''just‘been "released Sign in Pmsonnel Office by
fiom Russia Colonel Fiank Hayne,
4pm, August 19 Fairchild Aviation
of the General Greeley commission, was also among the 18 guests Majoi Endeis writes that “the Polish girls weie not bashful about
taking ‘whacking’ big helpings of Marion, Ohio
food They took second and thud helpings and it was a tieat to watch them eat, and afterwards, to heal
th6m sing ”
Majoi Enders entei ed active duty in the U S Army in eaily autumn
of 1941
SDX Banquet
(Continued fiom page 1)
Jews and everybody else in the case
of the Fascists
InterMewed Lindbergh
The speakei told of his inteiview
Jamaica, New York—Interested in ME seniors Sign m Personnel Of-
fice by Monday, August 17
Univeisal Cooler Corporation,
Interested in ME
seniois
Monday, August 17
Ray-O-^ac Company, Madison, Wisconsin—Intel ested in ChE, ME, and EE seniois Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, August 17 U S Navy Yard, Naval Aircraft Factory, Philadelphia, Pa —Interested in Aeio E , ME, C E , EE seniois SigninPeisonnelOfficebefoie 3 00 P M Wednesday, Au-
gust 19
Republic Aviation Coip, Evansville, Ind—Interested in August Chemistry graduate Sign in Per
Time will be private Anyone enrolled in
the Univeisity whose scholastic in dex IS 3 5 IS eligible for membei ship to any of these gioups Choir Made Up Of 250 Voices The University Chou is the nu cleus of the choial division and is
Corporation, made up of about 250 men and worn
Univeisity Chou and Concert Chon piactice in the basement of the Music Hall Tuesdays and Thuis days from 4 to 5 30 p m The Glee Club piactices on the second floor on Wednesdays from 4 to 5 30, and the Orchestia reheaises on the thud flooi Thuisday evenings fiom 7 15
Former Student Faces
Sabotage Charge
toward the wai effoit
J
Cadou told of Lindbeigh’s lour ^teen minutes testimony, icfuting
any claims that he had in any way son Dam, Ala
’been connected with the Silvei ^ Shirts oy then line of icasoning ^He Stated that Lindbergh’s entire testimony was given with a some thing appicaching a sneei on his
'lips
Was Washington Correspondent Cadou told of seveial of his mon interesting experiences as a ntyws jpaper man, including his sessions with the Piesident as a Washington correspondent * The meeting closed with discusision among memlieis of the fiateinity.
Its chief function is singing on to 9 o cjock.
the campus foi convocations and
pi ogiams in the Music Hall FfOSH EntolInjBtlt
About 50 of the bettei male voices
aie chosen fiom the big chon to (Continued from page 1)
Sign in Peisonnel Office by lound out the Glee Club, which teaching the 1942 ciop of fieshmen
tiavels extensively thioughout the to sing “Hail Puidue”, and their jeai At the beginning of the pies education will be continued by Bruce ent semestei this club was selected E Adams, head yell leadei
First Mixer Saturday Night Instiuctioiis, luwoGuctions and the regujai psychological and English tests will occupy the fieshmen until 3 o’clock in the afternoon when they will go out to meet the deans and depaitment heads of their vaiious schools Saturday night the Student'\Jnipn will be waiting to help the fieshmen lecover from then stienuous activities with the
fust mixer of the season ‘ f ^ '
Civil Engineers Hold Picnic At Ross Camp Civil Engineeiing Schoo) held a picnic yesteiday fiom 2 until 7-p m at the Ross Camp south of the Univeisity, sponsoied by ASCE and Chi Epsilon, Civil Engineeiing honoiaiy Highlight of the enteitainment was a softball game in which the CE seniois beat the juniois and
sophompres, 8 4
Foi having the highest index in the fieshman class last yeai, Mil-
Alex Nutkowitz, 22 of Passaic, N J, a foimei student of the Univeisity, has been chaigcd with sabotaging wai pioduction at the Electionic Mechanics, Inc plant at Clif
sonnel Office before 3 00 P M Wed- ton, N J
^with Lmdbeigh when he was called nesday, August 19 He eniolkd in the engineeiing 'in on the case, and said that the Federated Metals Division, Amer- school in 1938 and attended school flyei had become much more ^ffable ican Smelting & Refining Co , Whit- one yeai Accoiding to police he and agieeable since he had been mg Ind—Intel ested in seniors with was chaiged with robbing mail at a working with the Foid Motoi Co a chemistry major Sign in Peison- fiateinity house while attending
nel Office before 3 00 P M Thuis- school Following his ejection fiom
day, August 20
'fennessee Valley Authority, Wil
Inteiested m Chem-
istiy majois and Chemical Engviieeis Will visit campus latei Sign in Personnel Office befoie 4 00 P M
Thursday, August 20
the fiateinity the chaige wassbettled by Univeisity authoiitics, and
he letuined to his home
Marriage
Course
Students who wish to make applmtKip nei^t sp|na8t,er's mar-
“P
keiiiiig’H office in Administration Building before August 15 —WILKENING
Cadet R. F. Willkie .Injured In Plane Crash Naval Aviation Cadet Robeit
Fiedeiick Willkit a loimei Uni veisity stqdent, was lepoited* in stiious condition 'Ihuisday at the
naval medical centei in Washing- Cheney was awaided a slide ton, D C, aftei the ciash of his lule Newly mitiafed mgmheis of navql tiaining plane Willkie is the >^hi Epsilon, who vveye intiotfuced son of H Fiedciick Willkie, a dis ^eie Geoige Sni, Chailes Moms, tilleiy executive at Louisville, Ky. Ebhng, and Bob Stem
Aim
United States
Bonds
btamps