h
T ' '
^ y:-**^!* r'y^ VT*S J-^'j^'lfi'i'V'^*'" ^V'
*“e Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FOHTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, October 29, 1937
NUMBER 40
yra McKee Wins Lodde
Public Speaking Contest
In the tenth annual Lodde public speaking contest for all co-eds held last night in the Home Economics auditorium, Myra McKee wcp first place with her speech “What Have You Found?’' The Lodde Cup will go to the Chi Omega sorority for this year for receiving more points than any other
organ'iza^ion represented in
Dr. Phillips Thomas To Tame Electrons In Special Lecture
Taming electrical phenomena for the entertainment and instruction of his audiencQ will be the job of Dr. Phillips Thomas, when he presents his special demonstration Wednesday night at 7:30 in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Dr. Thomas is a lecturing representative of the Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company. Dr. Thomas’ routine consists of nine demonstrations ranging from sleet effects on transmission lines, to the complicated use of thermionic tubes in industry. A graduate of Ohio State University, Dr. Thomas taught at Princeton University for several years, and has worked for the Western Electric and Westinghouse Companies for two and 15 years respectively.
Gold Peppers Plan Flower
Yellow chrysanthemums, co-ed symbol of football days, are to be sold by Gold Peppers, upperclasswomen’s athletic honorary, for the Dads’ Day game Saturday. Plans for the sale were completed at a shoit meeting last night in the WSGA office.
Ordeis for the flowers, at 50 cents each, are being taken by all Gold Peppeis previous to the Saturday open sale.
Cement Cistern Top Falls,
the contest.
Second and third places were taken by Ruth Bennett and Charlotte Finney. Other contestants who were among the winners of the preliminary contest in which 115 girls took part are: Frances Ford, Louise Edwards, and Gene Pechin.
The five judges for the contest were chosen to represent a typical audience. They were. Dr. Bertha Rose, Miss Ruth Houghton, Miss Roberta Connolley, Asst. Dean F. I. Goldsmith, and E. K. Jerome. Elizabeth Hiner, co-ed debate manager, was chairman. The awards were presented by L. S. Winch.
This speech contest for all co-eds is sponsored every year by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette An engraved desk plaque is presented by them to the winner of first place and they furnish the cup with the organization’s name engraved upon it which is given for one year. Any organization winning it for three years in succession will be given permanent possession. The cup this year is a new one, the old cup having become the property of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority.
.E.
To University Staff
Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University’s division of education and applied psychology, announced yesterday the appointment of Dr. George E. Davis, of Iowa, as assistant professor of education on the institution’s staff. He is to have full charge of teacher licensing and placement activities.
Joseph Lash To Tell About Experiences In Devastated Spain
An outstanding leader in the student peace movement in the United States, Joseph P. Lash, executive secretary of the American Student Union, will appear in the Union ballroom, Sunday, at 2 o’clock, to lecture on his experiences of a recent visit in devastated and war torn Spain. The Purdue Student Alliance is sponsoring the affair. The student leader is touring the country in behalf of the Youth Division of the North American Committee to Aid Spanish Democracy. His efforts are part of an educational campaign instituted by/the Spanish Loyalist Government to abolish illiteracy among the Spanish people.
Ed Davies, sophomore engineering student, injured his left foot Sunday morning when he tried to move the top of a cistei’n.
The top, a concrete slab weighing about 500 pounds, fell on his foot, breaking three toes and the metatarsal arch. No complications have developed.
Faculty Members Sojourn In Capital
Carroll Bottum, T. G. Hornung, and Miss Starley Hunter, of the University factulty, are in Washington, D. C., this week as delegates to a conference on agricultural prospects for 1938.
Born in Ohio and reared in Iowa, Dr. Davis received his A. B., M. A., and Ph.D. degrees from the University of Iowa. He served overseas during the Woidd War, and afterwards served in the capacity of principal of Keokuk High School for 16 years.
Among the offices that Di. Davis
University Directories The first shipment of University directories is exhausted. No more copies will be available until further notice. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar.
I Complete Smoking Regulations
The present rule prohibiting smoking on the campus (University Code, Part II, page 167, 86.39) is amended for the academic year 1937-38 to read as fqllows: 86.39 Smoking on the Campus. SMOKING IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED in the classrooms, drawing rooms, hallways, laboratories, lavatories, (libraries, Rocker rooms, rest rooms, rooms for athletic contests, store rooms, barns, at the entrances of buildings, or on the steps or walks leading immediately to or from such entrances. The President of the University is authorized: 1. To impose proper penalties for violation of this amended
rule.
To approve recommendations from the Managers of the Purdue Memorial Union Building and the student residence halls regarding smoking witbin those buildings. To publish from time to time such further restrictions or exceptions as will in his judgment provide for the safety and cleanliness of buildings and grounds. To rescind any part of amended rule whenever it appears that faculty or students fail to observe the spirit or the intent of the rule as here amended. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
2.
3.
4.
Lieutenant-Governor
Lieutenant Governor Henry F. Sphricker praised the University fire school and other agencies that teach fire fighters how to make their work more effective at the University’s fourth annual fire school yesterday morning.
The school closed yesterday afternoon after visiting firemen witnessed a demonstration of hose and ladder handling by experts who used apparatus borrowed from the West Side department. Bernard A. Lynch, director of fire prevention of the Indianapolis fire department, credited fire prevention educational programs with being one of the main factors in reducing the fire loss in Indiana in the past six years.
Tradition Expert
has held in educational associations are president of the Southeast Division of the Iowa State Teachers’ Association and the Iowa Secondary School Principals’ Association. 'For sevei’al years, he was a member of the Secondary Schools Commission of the North Central Association.
Reamers Will Donate Autographed Pigskin To Lucky Student Tonight
Pigskin Prize
Mixer Proceeds Will
ri\r
In an effort to purchase ‘P’ blankets for senior major letter winners, a Blanket Hop wilLbe syncopated by Lou Schilling and his campus band following the lowa-Purdue Dads’ Day battle tomorrow night at 9 p.m.
All profits from the affair will be donated for purchasing of the senior awards. The backdrop for the dance has been completed, consisting of a large black background with a gold border and a large “P” in the center.
Senior major football men will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent.
Demity To Resume Search For Amelia
E. H. Demity, an ai^sociate of George Palmer Putnam, husband of Amelia Earhart, announced today a renewal of the search for the missing aviatrix. Demity was a consultant on her round-the-world flight from which she has been missing since July 2.
The new sea and air search for Amelia and navigator, Frederick Noonan, will be conducted by a party of 21 men on a large threemasted schooner, Demity said.
Combining their efforts in a concentrated attempt to present the student body with one of the best pep sessions it has ever seen, the Gimlet and Reamer Clubs last night stated that, in their opinion, this evening’s rally would be a “howling success.” A brand new regulation football, donated by the athletic department and autographed by every member of the football squad and coaching staff, will be given away at 7:30 tonight to an as yet unknown University student by the Reamer Club, according to Reamer
“Golfer” A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, and one of the principal speakers at tonight’s pep session in the Armory.
Prof. Lanczos To Present
Lecture-Recital Monday
Hungarian music enthusiast Professor Cornelius Lanczos will lecture on native music and will play some pian^ compositions on Monday at 4 p. m. in the Union Music Room. At the age of seven. Professor Lanczos started to play the piano. Since then the eminent musician has taught for 10 years in Germany. Then he came to the United States ^d later was in charge of the music appreciation classes at Indiana University. At present the Doctor is associated with the mathematics department at Purdue.
Westminister Foundation
Will Give Party Tonight
Old fashioned games and old clothes will be in style at the Hallowe’en party which the Westminister Foundation will give tonight at 7:30 at Westminister house, according to officials in charge.' The Foundation invites all students to attend.
Amelia Earhart filled the positions of specialist on co-eds’ vocations and consultant in aeronautics here at the University.
Rooming House Proxies
Discuss Fire Precautions
Fire precautions to be observed in campus rooming houses for women were discussed at a meeting of the rooming house presidents last night in the WSGA office.
“WSGA Housing Council” was the name decided on for thjs group. Problems of rooming house government are to be discussed in these meetings. Further meetings of the group will be held every othei* Wednesday.
Bryant Will Play At Mixer Tonight
Bud l^ryant, campus maestro, and his orchestra, will play for the regular mixer this evening in the Union ballroom. From nine till midnight, mixer-goers will swing and sway to music, which will be the better for having come from in front of a novel backdrop, the result of effort on the part of William Luce, sophomore Union worker. The drop consists of a football cartoon relative to tomorrow’s battle with the Hawkeyes.
The regular mixer price of one dollar per couple will prevail.
Thaeles Sorority Pledges
Thaeles sorority announces the pledging of Bernice Firestone, New York, N. Y., and Shirley Scully, Chicago, HI.
prexy, Malcolm Ross. R. C. Woodworth, acting director of athletics, has agreed to draw the lucky cipher from a barrel of tickets numbered according to the student “passports.” In order to claim the autographed pigskin, the student, wthose identification book contains the same number as the one called, must present himself at the platform within two minutes. If no student comes forward, numbers will be drawn until the ball is given away. This idea was used in the rally before the traditional Indiana game last year, at which time a coed turned out to be the fortunefavored football fan. Yell Fest Starts In Armory The session is scheduled to begin at 7:30 o’clock in the Armory, but will not be preceded by the usual parade from the village. However, the military band will be on hand to add to the general vein of pregame excitement, and Dick Wellbrock with his staff of cheer leaders will instruct the crowd in the fine points of organized cain-raising. Dr. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school, and Mai Elward, acting head coach, together with several first-string players, have consented to address the pep-meeting, and although nothing definite was known last night ,the two honoraries had reason to believe that President Elliott would also speak at the session. Because of the excitement prior to the Dads’ Day game tomorrow, the team is practicing at Mudlavia, and will return shortly before the game tomorrow.
Wesley Players Prepare 'The. Enemy' For Production At Jeff High Gymnasium
“The Enemy,” a peace play rated by Prof. Fred Eastman of the University of Chicago as the “greatest peace play ever written,” is under production by the Wesley Players for presentation on November 6 and 7 in Jefferson High School Gymnasium. The following cast for the play have been announced: Pauli, OpaJ George, Jane Hall; PfOfe^or Arndt, her father, William Harisr^Jr.; Carl Behrend, her sweetheart, Jan^Dinius; August Behrend, Carl’s father, Damon McFadden; Mitzi, friend of Pauli, Fairie Totten; Fritz, Mitzi’s husband, J. W. Godbey; Baruska, a servant, Alice Breitweiser; Jan, a servant, Donovan Faust; Bruce Gordon, a friend from Englartd, Robert Hamilton. Rev. William McFadden is director of the piny which is free to' the public. Expenses of production will be met from an offering to be taken at the play. Reserved seats are now available at the Wesley Foundatibn house.
President Elliott Is Host For t^ Dads Tonight At Union
Eighteen University Dads, members of the Dads’ executive council, will be guests of President E. C. Elliott at a dinner banquet in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 6:30. President Elliott, Dean of Men M. L. Fisher, and Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will address the dads at the banquet. Also invited to attend are the 17 officers of the Student Union, who have charge of many Dads’ Day activities. The Dads’ Executive Council consists of a group of University dads whose work it is to help improve relations between Purdue, and the fathers of Purdue’s students. Another function of the council is the formation and supervision of Dads’ organizations throughout the country. This council has charge of the Chicago and Indianapolis groups, and plans to organize several others. Council Members Members of the council, who are elected each year for a one year term are: W. E. Bowden, Chicago, III.; T. H. David, Indianapolis; J. W. Favorite, La Grange, III.; S. E. Fenstermaker, Indianapolis; I. F. Garrott, Battle Ground; Merrit Harrison, Indianapolis; T. R. Johnston, West Lafayette; Arthur McQueen, West Lafayette; H. S. Marshall, Indianapolis; W. F. Miller, Harrisburg, Pa.; Don A. Morrison, Indianapolis; H. G. Nolting, Indianapolis; W. H. Winterrowd, Chicago, 111.; J. D. Clancy, Riverside, 111.; T. L. Gardner, Louisville, Ky.; H. S. Morse, Indianapolis; C. C. Stahn, Fort Wayne; and H. W. Reiman, Shelbyville.
Union Will Honor Mothers With Dinner Tomorrow Eve
While fathers here for Dads’ Day are being entertained at fraternities and sororities, mothers will be honored at a dinner-in the women’s lounge Saturday evening. Music by the concert choir of 24 voices, under the leadership of Director of Music A. P. Stewart, will begin the program. Mrs. O. F. Hall, whose husband is a professor of education, will be toastmistress for the banquet. Dr. Mary C. Matthews, dean of home economics, and Lorna McLeod, Union co-ed executive, will address the group. Open house of the Union all day Saturday will be a feature of the Dads’ Day celebration.
An Open Letter To Purdue. Dads
Dear University Dad: Does your son write you all the news of Purdue, or just the part about the flat condition of his pocketbook? \ When a cute co-ed captures his heart and his fraternity pin does he forward the news home in his weekly letter? Or must you wait until he comes home at vacation time to hear about grades, love affairs and football games? ’ Dressed up in a brand new type-face the Exponent, through its streamlined news columns can bring you every da*y the latest information about all University activities and personalities. Mailing list subscriptions will be sold over the week-end at the Union desk, Deac s and Southworth’s at the regular price of This includes the new nnd extra Sunday edition which contains accurate accounts of Purdue’s football games. —The Exponent.%
Editorial Phone 50S7 CMopuB Subscriptions $8 per year
THE PURDXJE EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889 OFFIC3E—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phbne 6038 Mail Subscriptions $8.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER . .
Editorial Staff
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C D Schroeder, H I. Stanback, D R Vance
Co-ed Staff
Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
CO-ED EDITOR ASSOCIATE EDITORS
Sally McKee
Business Staff
ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER Local Adyertisingr Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER _ National Advertisins Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER .
Sports Staff
SPORTS EDITOR _ .. R. P. Obenchain
ASSOCIATE EDITORS.
B D Witwer.
R. R. Hensler W. J. Gillilan M. C. Reeves
J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
NIGHT EDITOR
Bailey October 29, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Insley
An Open Letter To Purdue Yell Leaders Dear Yell Leaders: Tomorrow several hundred University Dads will walk into Ross-Ade Stadium to see our Boilermakers wallop the Hawkeyes from Iowa, as will hundreds of other alumni. Are they going to remark disgustedly to their sons as they leave the stadium, “When I went to school here, we had some real yell leaders ?” Answer to that question depends upon you—and, judging from performances so far this fall, we are pretty much afraid the Dads will have ample reason for being provoked with the present status of student cheering at football contests. Frankly, University students are very much disappointed with the manner in which you have managed your end of the gridiron games this season . . . not only disappointed, but ashamed. They wouldn’t have thought so much about the matter if poor conducting of cheers had stood out only for the first game—^they would just have thought you had not gotten organized yet.
But when your cheer leading continues to fall below standard for both home and away games, the students think something should be done about it, but they are not in much of a position to remedy the situation. How do you think Purdue students felt two weeks ago when Northwestern University friends of theirs sneered after the game in Dyche Stadium, “Swell spirit Purdue had!” And speaking of Northwestern, did you fellows notice the way Kay Stewart handled the rooting for the Wildcat team? You should have picked up a few pointers from her. Your fellow students want to show oif the University to their Dads tomorrow, and they are going to feel their efforts have flopped somewhat unless a good showing of school spirit is made at the game. They might even blame a Purdue defeat on the lack of student backing for the team. As yell leaders, you can contribute considerably to the enjoyment of game visitors. Many persons come to the stadium with little knowledge of football, and the trimmings—^the display of student spirit and the performance of the band—^mean a lot to them. We’re sure you will find students willing to cooperate with you tomorrow in proving to visitors from Iowa City that Purdue boasts a lot of student loyalty as well as a good football team. —The Exponent.
When dog bites man, that’s not news, but when man bites dog . . . that’s news ... as the old saying goes. There’s a new version on the old story here at school. When a man becomes a father . . . and is in the hospital . . . that’s news. ^ John Conway, SAE married man, is the father of a bouncing baby boy born in Henderson, Ky., and named John G. Conway, Jr. JohmSr., is in a local hospital recuperating . . .
Have you seelTthe Del^ris stickers put out by “Scrooge” Siebenthal? They read: “Dad,... I want a $4.00 DEBRIS.” We don’t know who could honestly show one of those to his father . . . after all of the times the $4.00 for Debris has appeared in letters home. What we want to know is why some of the co-eds have begun cleariing their throats loudly when they pass the lions. Current Conversation Note: Dinner table topics today are about one thing . . . dropping courses and new ones which may be scheduled since the deadline for dropping a couise IS Saturday. We, C. G. McCollough and W. S Nolting, agiee to be married before
Theta Chi
Theta Chi announces the pledging of J. P. Brown of Lowell.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Bring your Dad to DAD'S PLACE for the best POPCORN any Dad ever enjoyed. Also cigarettes, candy and nuts.
FLY The new Cub has arrived. Come out and fly it. Learn to fly while in school, at lower rate, by competent instructor. Take your Dad to see Purdue from the air in the Stinson tri-motor. Remember, it is heated—Why not fly to Madison to see the Purdue-Wisconsin game? Purdue University Airport Capt. L. I. Aretz, Lessee, Phone 41641
The Choice of the Campus
Found in the brightest plaids in the bright colors of green, red, brown and wine — at a price to fit any college student's allowance. $8.50 and $10.00 DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Friday, October 29, 1937
By Lichty
Tf this is boring you, Wilbur—why don’t you go down in the bargain basement and buy yourself a tie ?”
Thanksgiving, November 25, 1937. If not, we agree to pay the other a sum of five dollars. Signed, C. G. McCollough. H. S. Nolting, Witnesses— R. B. Nicholas G. E. McCullough E. G. Nutting (Addendum) Marriage license only will constitute pi oof. Signed: H. S. Nolting C. G. McCollough
Welcome Dads of Purdue We Carry A Full Line of
224 Main St.
R
Mackinaws - Trench Coats - - - Zipper Jackets - - - Cord Coats - - - ELiABLE Clothing
- , $^•48 - $2:98 - $2*9® and up
Co.
224
Main St.
Today — Saturday 2 First Run Hits
Johnny Mack Brown in “The Gambling Terror” -plusjack HOLT in “Trapped by the G-Men”
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
E. G. Nutting G. E. McCullough. (Editor’s Note: The above agreement was transacted in the EE lab.)
SOFTBALL
Today—4:15 Field 7—Ward 4 vs. Waid 2x—Igney, umpire.
ARC
TODAY —TOMORROW SJmmii RWl EWimnil' mw —and— GLORIA STEWART in “GIRL OVERBOARD” —also— ‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial
SUNDAY — MONDAY ‘ON THE AVENUE’
‘EASY TO TAKE”
TODAY - SATURDAY
2 First-Run Hits!
A~NEW UNIVERSAl PICTURE with LEWIS STONE BARBARA READ • TOM BROWN
SO TRUE It might be your own story! ‘
Today - Saturday
.ni. CLAUDE RAINS ■ GLORIA DICKSON'EDWARD NORRIS
MARS
it 4 \ r %.Friday. October 29, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Change Made In Touchball Rules To Eliminate Alt Ties
A plan to eliminate tie scores in touchball competition was announced yesterday by M. L. “Chief” Clevett, head of the Intramural department. So many games this fall have been ties that some method of settling the matches without playing another game was necessary. Will Start Immediately The new rule, which goes into effect immediately, states that, if at the end of the regular playing period the score is tied, the ball will be placed in mid-field, and each team will receive four downs. These four downs will not be taken in the
regular order, but will be taken aldowns, if no touchdown has been made, the position of the ball on the field will decide the winning point. The team in whose territory the ball is located will lose the game. For each touchdown there will be given one point. If a team makes a touchdown during the four downs, but the ball ends up in its territory, it wins l^he game regardless. This rule is being used in several ternately. A coin will be flipped to decide which team will get the first try. After each team hafe had its four
DEWENTER’S Carry la complete line of all ARROW clothing. 416 Main
GRAVE’S Bakery goods will make a big hit at that Halloween party. Try our special pastries for your party.
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
1^4 Stale, W. L.
For those Leisure Moments when you crave a refreshing drink with friends in Pleasant and Sociable Surroundings. There is always some one whom you know at the Sweet Shop JfuL fiwvdusL TyimwimL lAnhvL Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
Women's Athletic Dept. To Exhibit Sports Ability Fathers here for Dads’ Day will have an opportunity to see the women’s athletic department in full operation bn Saturday morning at 10 o’clock. An exhibition of hockey, speedball and archery will be given on the Women’s Hockey Field with the girls of the various gym classes^ participating.
ALt-CAMP'TTS ttefJNiS
Today—4:15 D. P. Morse vs. J. H. Johnson W. L. Vaughan vs. R. W. Anderson.
other colleges with much success. It was put into effect at the suggestion of track coach Harmon Phillips, who saw it used at Butler.
TOUCHBALL
Today—4:15 Field 2— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—Boyer. 3— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Theta Chi— Billings. 4— Delta Upsilon vs. Delta Chi— Caparoso. 5— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Gamma Delta—Captain. 6— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Kappa—Juillard. 7— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Kerber. 8— Triangle vs. Theta Xi—Metz. 9— Beta Theta Pi vs. Beta Sigma Psi—Troyer. 10—Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Gamma Delta—Van Hook.
LoRSAim WOVEN
TAFFETA
CREPE Charmdnt SLIPS
SATIN
J.OO $J.69 $J.98
TAFFETA CHARMANT So soft and supple that you'll choose them to wear under every type of dress! Frosty surface gives it the luxurious look of far more expensive fabrics.
CREPE CHARMANT This fabric is a perfect foil for form fitting garments. Smooth surfaced, subtle draping and rich appearing. Created especially for LORRAINE slips.
SATIN CHARMANT A shining example of finest grade rayon satin, giving you genuine luxury at a modest price. Soft, lustrous and long wearing.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-624-626 Main Street
Tbiw ^cfuncdiL— JthsL TyUlilcUuf, RalL
We've just received the most glamorous evening clothes that ever graced a fair lady! There are dresses of sculptured elegance and bouffant styles with yards and yards of swirlibg skirt. There are sophisticated blacks and naive pastels. It's a lovely collection that you simply must see. Crepes and satins in black, white and solid shades. Every type from gowns for the most formal affairs to dinner frocks.
Evening Wraps An enormous group that includes short coats and long capes of all kinds. They're gorgeous styles, every one of thdm. Priced from
WOMEN’S WEAR
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac). Reisner
Honey in fhe bowl The * ‘ Y ello- Bole" treatment—real honey in the bowl —gives this pipe a "well-broken-in” taste immediately, AND impregnates the briarwood thoroughly as you smoke, so its wonderful flavor is preserved permanently. Special attachment gives (1) automatic free draft (2) double-action condensor.
$
1
YELLO-BOLE
AlSO"CAR8URETOR'‘ " STEMBITER ",IMPERIAl" YEUO-BOIES, $1.25 8. $1.50
Rejuvenatcid Boilermaker Eleven Awaits Hawkeyes
By W. F. Qualls Two Big Ten teams that are admittedly stronger than their records to date would indicate will meet in Ross;;Ade Stadium tomorrow afternoon. Both teams h^ve been playing better games than their final scores would indicate but bad breaks in the games thus far have kept them out of the Big Ten Conference win column. The perennial! excuse of stars be- f?o pv'-C 4- Zing injured and unable to play seems to be out for this, game, as both
teams are expected to be op to their full force. With Don Powell and Jim Zachary reunited at their end posts for the first time since the Ohio State game. Coach Mai Elward will be able to start a combination made up mostly of veterans. “Red” Olson, star baekfield man for the Iowa gridders, is expected to have recovered from injuries received earlier this season and will be one of the major threats of the Hawkeye’s attack. With indications as favorable as they are at the present time for ^ hard-fought game, it appears that the fans will get plenty of thrills during tomorrow’s conflict.
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at GULLION’S West Lafayette
GORDON OXFORD HAS MANY FRIENDS ^ Once you get acquainted you're friends for life. This sturdy, non-shrinking shirt with smart, buttourdown Arrow collar is catching hold on every campus— you're next! Mitoga form-fit. Sanfoiized-Shrunk. $2 ABfioJrX SHIRTS )
^RDON Oxfords can’t shrink.^ Unlike many oxford shirts, our Arrow Gordon can’t .shrinlc. It’s Sanforized-Shrunk. You get a new shirt hree if one ever shrinks. Gordon has the Mitoga form-fit, too. And die best-looking, best-fitting collar in the world—an Arrow collar. Zi KERSEY’S "Smart Apparel for Met^* 124 N. Sixth St. i Opposite the Mars
->p'’^
litk'*;.
IM
m-
p;
R
fe
!■
f
il L
,’|S- • ^4: -
fl*. ^
Si'"
'■ Ifci
><rv
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday* October 29, 1937
University Calendar
—TODAY— Purduo Wcinien's Club: Litevature section meeting’ in the faculty lounge of the Union at 2:30 p. m. Indiana Physics Teachers’ Association: Meeting in room 204 of the Physics Building at 4 p. m. Indiana Physics Teachers’ Association : DiiiTier in the reception room at the Union at 6:15 p. m. Dads' Day Committee: Executive committee dinner in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 6:30 p. m. Indiana Physics Teachers’ Associatian: Meeting in faculty lounge of the Union at 7:30 p. m. PI A : Rehearsal in the to’Wer r oom of the Union at 7 p. m. Bible Students: Class in room A of the Union lat 7:30 p. m. Union Dance: Dance in the ballroom of the Union at 9 p. m. —TOMORROW— Dads’ Day Luncheon. In ballroom of the Union Building at 12 noon. Football: Purdue plays lo’wa in the Ross-Ade Stadium at 2 p. m. Dads’ Day Smoker; Smoker in the ballroom of the Union at 5 p. m. Union Dance: Mixer in the balh’oom of the Union at 9 p. m.
Military Ball. Call Jim Manton at 2302 any time after 6 p. m.
WANTED—-Student to fire furnace in exchange- for room. Call 35044 evenings.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoif. 606 Main street.
FOR SALEfine condition.
-Size 36 Tuxedo in Phone 41064.
WANTED—One ticket for the
If You Come to Lafayette, Try a Special Dinner at
THE NU CHINA 409 Columbia
AMERICAN MENU 35c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M. CHOICE OF MEAT
Baked Short Rib of Beef Fried Lake Trout Fried Calf Liver and Onion Roast Fresh Ham Mushroom Omelette Fried Scallops Roast Veal
Soup, Two Vegetables, Salad, Rolls'or Bread and Butter, Ice Cream, Sherbet or Pineapple, Coffee, Tea or Milk Included.
CHINESE MENU 40c 11 A. M. to 2 P. M.
CHOICE OF MEAT
Chinese Chop Suey American Chop Suey Chop Suey Chow Mein Extra Fine Chop Suey
Rice, Rolls or Bread and Butter, Egg Foo Young, Ice Cream, Sherbet, or Pineapple, Tea, Coffee or Milk Included.
Also have your party at our private banquet dining room, or call 4966 for orders to take ouL
/
BUS SERVICE
To and From
South Bend Plymouth Michigan City Laporte Rochester Fort Wayne (a) Huntington (a) Goshen Warsaw Peru Logansport
(a)
via Traction Lines from Peru.
4 round trips daily 5 round trips on Sunday, with a late trip returning Sunday night.
UNION BUS STATION E. A. Slocum, Agt. Lafayette Phone 2105
Indiana Motor Bus Company
Notices
No Notices Accepted After t p.a
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by Purdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale. Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. —CRISS.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon schedules in Union office are as follows: Monday—Schilling, M. Thompson, 1-2; Wickard, 2-3; Wickard, Thrasher, 3-4. Tuesday—Davis, Short, Pickering, Burstfield, Starrett, 1-2; Davis, Short, Pickering, Starrett, Wimborough, 2-3; Thrasher, Burtsfi'eld,
borough, 3-4.
Wednesday—Butz, Rosaenwassen Steffee, Ross, Countryman, Henry
Wim-
1-2; 2-3 :
Steffee, Schilling, Ross, Henry, 3-4. Thurs-
day—Sawdon, Short, 1-2 ; Sawdon, Rose, 2-8 ; Price, Owen, Rose, 3-4. Friday—Martens, Thompson M., 1-2; Martens, Owen, 2-3; Price, Martens, 3-4.' Be sure to be there at each hour. —PYKE.
ception room of the Union Building, November 2 at 7:30 p. m. —JACOBI.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Pledging ceremony and dinner October 29 at 6 p. m. in room 416 of the Chemistry Building. —SANDERS.
Triton Club: Meeting at 7 :30 p. m. in the Memorial Gymnasium October 29. Open swim at 8 :30—girls may bring dates. —WALKER.
Student Senate: All senators interested in attending the convention at East Lansing, Michigan, October 29 and 30 get in touch with me at the Phi Gamma Delta house or call 5071. —KECK.
Ushers and Police: All students who ushered and policed at the Carnegie Tech contest report to Ross-Ade Stadium at 12 :iB p. m. October 80. —SANDERS.
Roger Williams Club: Will hold its annual old time Hallovte’en party at the West Lafayette Baptist Church October 29 at 8 :00. —GLEASON.
Engineer Subscribers: All subscribers who have not received October issue, of the Purdue Engineer call 4006 before November 1. / -ANDERSON.
AIChE: Student branch meeting in the re-
Step Right Up! FOR MEN Nunri'Bush Edgerton
FOR LADIES Foot Rest Shoes
Wjad&hrL Boot SheifL
SDThhf BkajnrL CLOTHES
Top Coats and OXoats
Smart New Colors and Styles Outstanding Values Exclusive Patterns
ARROW INTERWOVEN SHIRTS SOCKS CORD COATS SWEATERS
Don't Forget—If It's New, We Have It.
INC. IN THE VILLAGE
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the, Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everylhing for a College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. BISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4ih & Main Phone 5701
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
(RoJUi
Inc. 635 Main St. iii Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
— Furniture
Student Equipment
J’juAniJtjuJui Qo.
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
WAA All Star Hockey Team: The following report to Womens Athletic Field, October 30, for Dads’ Day hockey game i Delaplane, Bailey, Shafer, Harry, Dobson, Wiley, Swick, Vandivier, Merritt, K., Bonton, Roderick, Walder, Weishaar, Strickler, McKnight, Neimann, Cook, J., Cook, B., Math?rs. ' —DOBSON.
PIA: Advanced dancing class meet in the ball;room at 4 p. m. instead of 7 :30 on Noveihber 1. —CLYMER.
Purdue Engineer: Important meeting of the editorial staff including sophomores and ail freshmen in the office of the Purdue Engineer October 29 at 4 p. m. —BAALS.
Cosmopolitan Club: Special short meet-
ing at 7 p. no. ii^ room C of the Union Building October 29. Compulsory to pledges. —McELYEA.
Wesley Foundation: Hallowe’en party at the church at 8:16 p. m. Come masked. Prizes will be given for costumes. —HURD.
Union Sophomores: Our committees meet in the Workshop at 4 p. m. October 29. —CROSSMAN, SAMUBLSON, HARPER. MILLHOLLAND.
Union Sophomores: . Our committees meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. October 29. —TURNER, CABONARGI, , MASON, MATTHEWS.
Union Sophomores: Our committees meet in the sub-basement at 4 p. m. October 29. —GARLAND, TAYLOR.
-Men’s Glee Club: important rehearsal October 29, at 4 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
Dolphin Club:-There will be a meeting tonight at the Kappa Sigma house at 6:45 p.^m. All “«™bers mu^^be^thme.^^
Students Bible Class: Students’ bible class, meetinff October 29 in room B of the Union Building from 7 to 8 p. m. A spwial student program has been planned. Ihe Rev. H. A. Somerville, former University student of Amarillo, Texas, will be the speaker. All students are cordially
Alpha Lambda Delta: Debris pictures, November 9, 7 :B5 p. m., tower room of the Union Building. . „raSDELL.
4l
Zouave Squad: All members report to the Union Building at 7 p. m. October 30. ^VANDERFORD.
WAA Archery: Practice October 29 at 4 ■ —BOEHM.
dV
You wont want to be stuck in the snow in a month or so. Instead, youll want to be the one who can help others out when they are stalled. Be assured of regular motor performance. Bring your car in. Well tune it up for the winter.
Peter Anderson Company
525 ALABAMA
24-HOUR SERVICE
PHONE 4048
H
Donfs
75
Dads
Don! moke him walk. TAkE A CAB
Don't leave him high
and dry without a car. TAKE A CAB
Don't forget to show him the campus. TAKE A CAB
Call 5023 or 3071
YELLOW CAB CO
-Vf