A..
a
j >xi
/I
it '‘AiCv tiz»fi+JlKf'fi 4-^ -iifik-i tsiAmv
itT
l*A Vi
^ ^ ^^41
Purdue
Z-lM
T7 ^ X rixponent
Volume 52. No. 10
FVidoy. September 20. 1940
Si <f
Senate Offers Positions To Sophomore Workers Harry Layson, president of the Student Senate, said in calling for sophomore men and co-eds interested in working in this organization, “Any enthusiastic, hard-working sophomore who did not work last year has an equal opportunity with the elected sophomores to compete for junior positions.” New sophomores should report to the call-outs in the Senate office in the Union at 4:15 Monday afternoon.
The Senate is a general student service organization which cooperates with the faculty in student government and sponsors various student services, including tutoring, typing, lost and found, and publication of final eataminations and the University Handbook. It is an active member of the National Student Federation of America and cooperates with other groups for the betterment of schooling. It takes a hand in student-faculty relations. Sophomore work will consist in part of office and clerical work, in preparation for advanced junior positions. More important, they are given a chance to use their own initiative in bringing before the Senate the problems of the students. The group is organized similarly to the House of Representatives. Each school has its proportionate number of seats. New workers, since they are not elected, do not have a vote and do not attend the regular fortnightly meetings. Because new freshmen are not considered as having enough experience in campus life and activities, membership is not open to them until the second semester. I WBAA Schedules Tryouts For Writers, Announcers All students interested in announcing and script writing are asked to attend the WBAA auditions to be held 1/^ednesday, September 25, at 5:00 p. m. in the studios on the 3rd floor of the EE building. The auditions are open to students with a 8.5 average. Auditions for acting will be held at a later date. Newman Club . . . members will partake in receiving Holy Communion at St. Mary’s church, Sunday, September 22 at 9:30 mass. This will be the first communion of the fiscal year. Afte]^ Communion breakfast will be served to all those who wish to attend. Principal speakers at the breakfast will be Dean Jordan, William Bodden and William Pletemeyer. Newman Club officers for the coming year are president. Bud Luers, and secretary Dorothy Goodman. The three woman vice-presi-dents are Monica Buegler, Emmalene Farrell and Rosemary Goodman. The male vice-presidents are Bob Brock, Dick Jansing, Jim McMonahey, Dick Bad and Joe Benna.
Notice To Students Students possessing cars which they intend to drive during the school year, and who have not complied with the University regulations regarding registration of cars, are required to do so before Monday, September 23, on which date the penalties for non-registration will become effective. Cars may be registered at the Physical Plant office. Service and Stores Building, 8 a. m. to 12 noon and 1 p. m. to 4:30 p. m. week days, except Saturdays. It is necessary to present an inspection card showing that the car has been tested and approved by the Indiana State Police, Lafayette or West Lafayette city police, before a car may be registered. The Indiana Sthte Police will test student cars, free of charge, only after 4:00 p. m. daily at Post No. 3, one and ene-half miles northwest of the Campus on State Road 52. , Edward p. Elliott, President,
University Glee Club Members Announced By Director Stewart The 1940-41 University Glee Club roster was announced yesterday by Albert P. Stewart, director of the organization. Selections were made from the large group who participated in tryouts last Friday and Saturday. The University Glee Club has already begun rehearsals in preparation for its usual full schedule of appearances in musical circles throughout the state. Richard P. Thornton of Elkhart, Indiana, is to be manager and accompanist. The names of those selected are as follows: First Tenor Jack Silvers, Portland; Marvin Smith, Lafayette; Jim Wolff, Wilmette, 111.; Sigurd Petersen, Grovertown; John Mingle, Indianapolis; William Heath, Lamar, Colo.; John Shoop, Brookston; Wendell A. Linn, Craigville; Paul Harrington, Elkhart. Second Tenor Orlen E. Baker, Muncie; Ivan Meyers, Indianapolis; Frank Hopf, New York, N. Y.; Henry Amt, Indianapolis; Emilio Ratti, Indianapolis; Ray Friend, Lafayette; Gleim Whetzell, LaPorte; Ralph Wunderlich, University Heights, Ohio; J. W. Peters, Peru. First Bass Don Pyke, Lafayette; Raymond Robertson, Indianapolis; Robert Wade, Chicago, HI.; Jim Chase, Louisville, Ky.; Don 'Sinish, Evansville; John Ritchey, Camden; Wallace Woodrow, Muskegon, Mich.; Charles Powell, West Lafayette; Carl Thompson, South Bend; Robert Pettibone, Erie, Pa.; Robert Wood, Huntington; Howard R. Henderson, Seymour. Second Bass Angelo Castellani, Chicago, 111.; Joseph Shepard, Geneva; Joseph Richards, Pearl River, N. Y.; Charles Mosiman, Indianapolis; Ralph Deuster, Grosse Pte., Mich.; Clare Beeler, Lafayette; Dale Ray, Boggstown; Robert W. Burger, Schenectady, N. Y.; Charles E. Cole, Anniston, Ala.; Ogden Pierce, Downer’s Grove, HI.; Robert 5^essle, Wilmette, 111.; Robert Molitor, Chicago, 111.
Planes Grounded In Tribute During G. Pickels Funeral Out of respect to George Pickels, fatally injured CAA pilot, all planes at the University Airport remained on the ground yesterday from 3 to 3:30 p. m. while funeral services were held in Evansville. Pickels met his d4ath when he attempted to parachute from his ship, apparently out of control, at a low altitude. Student pilots Bob Brodie and A. L. Hilpert in an Aeronca, and Bob Scribbens and Melvin Alkema in a Piper Cub dropped flowers at the ceremony. Wilkening, Faculty Coordinator, Opens Marriage Course Opening the semester’s marriage course last night the 40 selected students met with Dr. H. E. Wilkening, faculty coordinator, for an orientation period. The orientation included filling out scales for the prediction of marital happiness and others to determine the student’s attitude toward various institutions. Future plans for the course as lined by Dr. Wilkening include a panel discussion to be held every four to six weeks between the students and all the faculty members who have spoken to the class during that period, a counseling service to be organized within the nex^ few weeks for the class members who have special problems, and the inclusion of two speakers from outside the University. The leader for the meeting next week is Prof. 0. F. Hall. As in all the class meetings the leader will speak for about half the period and the remainder of the time will be given over to open discussion on the subject presented. The entire class will attend all meetings instead of periodically splitting up into two groups as was previously stated. The student coordinators of the course are Robert Bancroft and Jeanne Chandler, who cooperate with Dr. Wilkening. It was also announced that any student who was not admitted to the course this semester may try again at mid-year. The course is open to seniors only. Roger Williams . . . Club will hold a picnic next Saturday afternoon at Vawter’s Log Cabin on the Tippecanoe River. Cars will leave the West Lafayette Baptist Church at 1 p. m. Transportation will be provided. The afternoon will be spent in sports. 'Twen-ty-five cent's will be charged for supper.
Riveter Traditions Threatened; 'S Matter With TheTower Clock?
By Lee Ruffner
We was disgusted. . . . We’d just recovered from the shock of hearing someone say that the powers that be were considering the discontinuation of the frosh-senior battle for the destruction and preservation respectively of mustaches when someone else walked into the office and calmly announced that the hands were missing from the Heavilon Tower clock. Shocked and disgusted are mild words, now that we think
it over.
Young Tradition We’re strong on tradition, having been under the influence of G. A. Young since we were a very young freshman. Two announcements like that are too much for a tradition man to bear, so—after a slight hint from the night qjjitor we set out to find out what was the matter, fearing the consequences all the time. Gad, what a relief! The hands weren’t missing because of orders fronii some cold hearted official. It wasn’t sabotage. The darned thing was just getting cleaned. First time
George Olsen Will Bring Band To Play At Union Hop Tonight wjid-irfeCmAoiyns Sweet Ttio OlleR Dfeliwliw Bnillii. New Outdoor Laboratory InterpreMions On 'Music Of Tomorrow'
in 87 years. Some letdown. We drew a deep breath and took finother look at the two men we were facing. They looked like men that work with their hands. They were. Came to fix fhe clock they said.
Power Wound
We talked with them for a little while about the clock—^with a purely impersonal interest, of course. It must be some job taking that thing apart and putting it back together, because it’s going to take them another two days to finish it. At that, there is really only one clock—all the others are run from it. like Grandfather’s clock it' has to be wound periodically, but unlike Granpa’s timepiece they do it with
a oris horsepower motor.
“I’ll bet your watch won’t run for 37 years without a piajor overhaul,” said one of the men. We said nope. Our watch is jn hock as much as it is in our pocket. Our admira- '' tion for the clock increased, We’d like to carry it around—but the
pocket is too dam small!
Arrangements are now completed for the sixteen students enrolled in wild-life management studies to carry on their field work in a great eight - mil4 - sqqare laboratory extending from Indiana U. S. 52 to Hebron. This is the first time undergraduates have had the opportunity to do extensive laboratory work in any institution in the country, according to J. C. Case, instructor in charge of the course. Each of the sixteen seniors vnll have a half section, 320 acres, upon which each week they will study farm and migratory waterfowl, inspect food and cover relationships, and observe the wild life planted there by the West Lafayette Conservation Club. Soph Workers Make Activities Bureau Hum Thirty new sophomore workers and a new organization promise a big year for the Activities Bureau. Walter Gipe, director, and Betty Jane Carr, executive, head the organization of six committees. Dave Jordan is chairman of the committee for personnel data sheets, which Wave been redesigned and will be lithographed this year. Harriet Forgey is in charge of the committee to check 3.5 scholastic index eligibility of students in all activities. Sophomores, under the direction of Betty Graham, are interviewing all freshman to start a permanent record of students’ activities, to be turned over to the personnel department on graduation. Eleanor Miller is in charge of the University Handbook Committee, and Jim Walley is head of the office staff. The chairman of the publicity committee has not y§t been named. 2,000 Farmers, Sons Visit University Farm For Feed Discussions Some 2,000 farmers and their sons will attend the annual Swine Day and Junior Swine Day to be held on the University farm 4 miles north of West Lqfayette, today and tomorrow. The program starts at 10 a. m. and will consist of lectures and discussions concerning experimental data on the feeding and raising of swine. Friday at 1 o’clock a program will be presented for the visiting farmers in the pavilion on the farm. On Saturday 4H boys and their teachers will arrive from all over the state and attend a program similar to the program for the men. Wesley Foundation To Sponsor Picnic Wesley Foundation will hold a hike to Happy Hollow at 5 p. m. Friday. The group will leave from 435 State street a»d will return about 8 o’clock. Weiners and marshmallows will be served at a cost of 15 cents. Following the supper, social singing will constitute the evening’s entertainment. Maxine Hass and Hugh Wagner are in charge of the affair. Robert F. Burns . . . CE ’81, of LaPorte, was recently elected president of the St, Joseph chapter of the Indiana Society of Mechaiflcal Engineers.
Tonight the eds and co-eds will swing out to the “syncopating tempos” of George Olsen and his “Music of Tomorrow.” The dance will be a regular Union mixer and will be held in both ballrooms from 9 until 12 o’clock. The usual admission price of one dollar will prevail. Returned From South Olsen’s tour has just taken him through the southern part of the country where he has played at many of the prominent hotels, night clubs and theatres, such as the Peacock Terrace in Dallas, Hotel Roosevelt in New Orleans, Hotel Peabody in Memphis and the Rice in Hous-
ton.
George’s musical career was started early with a violin, drums and a piano. When in high school he led the high school band, later at the University of Michigan he continued his musical career as leader of the college band. The distinctive rhythms of the original Olsen band, organized on the Pacific coast, so appealed to the late Florenz Ziegfield that he brought the organization to Broadway where it appeared in a half a dozen musical shows. Since that time the “Music of Tomorrow” band has been featured in the finest hotels, ballrooms, theatres and night dubs from New York to San Frandsco. SmaU Band * Olsen isn’t bringing a huge band to the campus, but he is bringing a group of accomplished musicians, which are capable of playing such
George Olsen
Playshop Announces Final'Susan and God' Tryouts On Saturday Final tryouts for Playshop pro^.duction of “Susan and God” will be held in Fowler Hall Saturday at 1 p. m. Initial tryouts were held on Tuesday and Wednesday with the following people receiving further consideration, Aber, Earle; Enetnen, Mary Carol; Bancroft, Robert; Boyd, Rosemary; Brooks, Joe; Canfield, Dorothy Anne; Canning, Shirley; Christen, E, W.; Coleman, R. D.; Duke, Marianna; Erick, Betty; Fassnacht, Jean; Formanek, Fobert Joseph; Gardner, Wallace W.; Joll, John; Hammer, John A.; Heath, William; Henze, Philip; Henring, Patrida; Howard, Peggy; Jenkins, Gordon; Kan, Sarah Frances; Lssnb, Bxm; Lemenazer, Jacqueline; Lommel, Martha; LoSeph, Edward; Lowey, Natalie; McCreery, Betty Ann; McKee, Myra; Miller, Mary Alice, Montgomery, Jean; Niksch, Edward; Ostrander, Jane; Rimer, Evelyn; Robinson, Mary; Sakacs; Salmond, Don; Sharpies, W. K.; Squires, Emily; Stevenson, R. C.; Stine, Arthur; Stroble, Doris; Taylor, Vinton; Torrenga, Trena; Wells, W. T.; Westburg, V, B.; and Work,
Virginia.
Elliotts Will Hold Annual Open House Tomorrow afternoon and evening President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott will hold their annual “Open House” for all members of the faculty and staff. The reception will be held at the Elliott home, 515 S. Seventh street, Lafayette from 4 to 6 and from 7 to 9 p. m. Dancing Lessons Offered To Co-eds For the third consecutive year, the physical education department for women is sponsoring a spedal service particularly for freshman women, of for any co-ed who is interested in learning ballroom dancing. Lessons will begin Monday, September 23, at 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. in the Memorial Gym. Miss Helen Knight, of the physical ^ucation department for women, asmted by WAA ipembers, will present this course. There will be no charge.
Henry Holmes and his band will pick up where George Olsm and his “Princes of Swing” leave off in the Union ballrooms tonight, and swish out for tomorrow night’s mixer from 9 ’til 12 o’clock.
instruments as the French horn and the flute which are not oftenJieard in a dance band. The result is a distinctive tone quality in the music. The personnel of the organization includes eleven musicians, a trio made up of Judith Wright,^ Jean Blair, and Isabelle Miller; Cole, male vocalist; the Bachelot^ the Olsen Ensemble; and Herb Harris, drummer. ASME Hears E. N. Kemler Speak Ob Oil Engineering The opening meeting rif the American Society of Medianical Engineers was held Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in the north ballroom of the Union. T. P. Pepplery, chainaan of the local chapter, introdaoed first G. A. Young, head of the School of Mechanical Engineering, who welcomed the 200 men present, and then Professor E. N. Kemler, who spoke on “Engineering in the Oil Industry.” Professor Kemler mted the different departments of the mdostiy in which opportunities lie for the engineer. He spoke of the geneand spectulative character of the oil industry, which makes for instability. According to Professor Kemler, the oil industry has been built on speed of operation. FoRowing Professor Kemler’s talk. Honorary chairman Professor J. W. Cope urged those present to join the organization. A free membership was given Albert Meyers, ME *41.
Exponent Junior Board i PubRcatioa, co-ed, and sports juniors please meet in the Union elw fiee at four o’clock Friday, SOptem* ber 20 fmr a jmiior bosyd meeti^. All juniors must he presentMcKee.m
f
:* i
j J- l> B i
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Sej^emfser 20. 1940
The 5#fi C^olumil
After weeks of just plain high explosives being dropped on London the Germans are now resorting to terror bombs. We’re not exactly sure whether these concoctions of the devil give a scream like a banshee or make faces like a bogey man. But it does look like the Nazi’s had given up trying to dynamite the British. And are trying to scare them to death.
The way we look at it the kind that go off with a big noise and tear hundred foot holes in the ground scare hell out of us,. Maybe the British are different.
Down m Africa the Italians are carrying on a vigorous campaign. Everyday they claim ownership of a few more miles of sand. We wonder what would happen if they should stumble on a British sentry and he asked for their passports. Of course we’re prejudiced, but we figure that there is only one military maneuver the Italians are good at. That’s massing troops on the border.
So far apparently the only one who has seen them do anything is the sphinx. And she won’t talk.—dkh
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the Dost office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year,, mail subscription $8.50.
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager.-
B. W. Donahue -. Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff Mews Editor J. H. McKee Maiwging Editor . D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, Ia. W. Ruffner, R. M. SkallerUp, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Dangelmajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford: Circulation Manager. R. M. . Rectenwald.
Co-ed Staff Editor —-_.._-.3eth Simpson Associate Editors: Mazy nay MiUer, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess.
Editor Associate Editors: Swaim.
Sports Staff 3. T. DoUn J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792
Represented for national advertising by National AdvOrtising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N, Y.
Night Editor, Skallemp Day Editor, Siess Assistant Night Editor, Weiss Friday, September 20, 1940.
Jimsdif Jalk
WBAA
An Old Friend
FRIDAY
11:00—Classroom Broadcast
... of ours dropped into the office the other day to refresh in our minds a familiar scene. To all of the students who have listened to WBAA these past four years or have attended a dance of any importance the voice and the long striding figure of “Hank” Miller have been a familiar sight. “Hank” dropped in the other day on his “day off” from his duties at WDWS in Champaign, Illinois. He was employed there shortly after graduation last June, and, according to his own story, likes his job very much. He told us of some exciting assignments such as broadcasting from an airplane high above the city of Champaign; of a’two way broadcast between a man on a flag pole 75 feet above the ground and himself; of an “anything goes” broadcast with a portable microphone at one of the state fairs, roily-coasters, ferris wheels, barkers, and all. It all sounded just like the same Miller than we knew here at Purdue, always at ease in the most trying of circumstances— and always at his best when he was ad libbing. And above all he was still radiating that same big smile and that same hearty friendliness that made him one of the best known and best liked men on the campus. He asked us to extend a welcome to all Purdue sons and daughters to look him up at WDWS when in Champaign and have a little chat with the president of the Champaign Purdue Club, H. Miller. And this we can do with full assurance that “Hank” really means it.
11:50—Purdue News Plashes
12:00—Ag Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Home on Land 1:15—Ruth Schlott—soprano 1:30—^Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Melody Moods 2:16—Magic Carpet 2:30—Chatterbox 2:45—Rhythm on Strings 8:00—Special Musicale Program 3:30—Parade of Business 3:45—^Allen Prescott 4:00—Story of the Opera 4:30—Ether Editor 4:45—Story Book Hour
Purdue men boast they are Boilermakers, but we wonder how many of them have ever seen the inside of a boiler factory.
HUSO
for
A5$0RTED CH$1$piA$
CARD FOLDERS WITH
CUSTOMER'S HAME IMPRINTED
MAKE 100% PROFIT
free samples—aim business greeflns and calendars. No Innstmeni. Experience unnecessary. Write lor
COSTS
TOO
ONLY
50C
free samples and foil partinlirn
W.E.DUHBARCO.
New Drnnswick,
Hew Jersey
laTii TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE — The Gay Giddy Goings-On Inside the Most Glamorous Social Cirole in the world! CAFE SOCIETY' CTADBlHC MADELEINE CARROLL FRED MacMURRAY SHIRLEY ROSS
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
AMIDAIC
VINCE BARNETI
.-and—
WEAVER BROTHERS ond ELVIRY
LUMA
Today - SaY.—2 Hits
mmm
Jd^
PLUS—2ND FEATURE lEAN ROGERS in YESTERDAY'S HEROES
The first "inside" story of modern big-time college football!
umneiu LAST TWO DAYS Together!
Bold and Black
We ran across a little (7) ditty the other day in the Daily Illini that we think bears repeating for the enlightenment of the local gals and gays. We wish we had found it ffrst! The Daiifferdos Sigtna Nu A bunch of the boys were hitting it up at a Kappa Sunday tea. And the kid that stood ahd cranked the vie wore the pin of an SAE Back in the den on the davenport sat thb Dangerous Signia Nu, While luring him on with her rusted red hair was the Kappa known as Lou. When out of the night that was hot ^ as hell and into the frigid air—■ There stumbled a frosh from the Phi Delt !|jou8e with Nujol on his hair. He looked like a frosh that had danced his last dance with scarcely the strength of a flea. But he straightened his tie And with a steady eye, he called for a cup of tea. There was none who would place the stranger’s face, though we searched him o’er for a clue— But we drank to his health and the last to drink was the Dangerous Sigma Nu. There are men that somehow seem to get you, and we wondered how the hell He ever got by the night clerk at the old Phi Delt Hotel. His eyes went rubbering around the room, he seemed in sort of a daze. Till at last the old victrola fell in the way of his wandering gaze. The SAE was out filing his nails, there was no one at the vie, So this cross-roads frosh stumbled ’cross the room and anchored there like a hick. In a hand carved shirt of a hue that hurt, he stood and we saw him choose His one best bet from the cabinet —^those Dawgone Dangerous Bluze. Then in a second he flipped the disc and put on a piece—^My Man—. And you felt like the ding who had bought the ring And your girl had slipped you the can.
ROOM FOR BOYS
5 double rooms —• single beds—^near campus and
village.
Phone 45301
117 Wiggins
Starts TOMORROW
The record slipped, the needle scratched, the music burst like a flood 1 It seemed to say WE’RE LICKED, WE’RE LICKED, and the air was full of mud. The frosh, he turned and his sad eyes yearned for the girl with the hennaed hair— His lips went in—^in a kind of a grin, he stopped and we heard him swear And his lips came out in a kind of a pout, and his face got sad as a crutch Girl—says he—^“You don’t know me ’cause I don’t get around with you much But I want to assert, though the words may hurt, and I’ll bet a wafer thesr’re true That there is someone here who had done me wrong and he’s a doggone Sigma Nu.” I grabbed my watch as the lights went out, two pins flashed in the dark; The lights came on, a woman screamed, two men stood stiff and stark, The Phi Delt crest was pinned to the vest of the Kappa known as Lou— While the Kappa cook wore a startled look and pin of a Sigma Nu! Now, I’ve only told you the facts in the case, I was there and I ought to know Some say that the frosh was crazed with tea and I’m not denying it’s true; I’m not so wise as these law school ’ ffvysj hut strictly entre nous, The woman that kissed him and lifted his pin was the Kappa known as LOU. —Perry.
Faculty-Alumni Officers To Foregather in Uniog
Eth B. Baugh, secretary of the University Aliunni Association, announced today that the aiinuhl fall conference of the officers of the alumni group will be held tomorrow morning, September 21 in the east Faculty LouUge of the Union. The olheers will confer with University officials in the morning, and lunch in the Union at noon. /The Conference will close in time for the varsity - freshman football game that afternoon.
IM Schedules
Freshman Tennis — Frldaj'. S«|iteinb4r 20 4:15 p. in.— T. L. Liang; vs J. Davis F. C. Shafer vs B. Wells B. W. Cochran vs A K. Pickering B. S. Lichtenberg vs R. L. Orosb Dohnnann vs J. C. Harrison Bob PJatt vs R. Anderson^ T. L. Heller vs E. C. Cook Niese vs W. H. Dudzinski R. Peterson vs U. Whitely H. C. Bauer vs Bob Parker Joe Brooks vs B. S. McLaughlin. Dutch Richard vs W. H. KeUey 0. J. Christensen vs D. L. Johnson B. W. Squier vs G. M. Bahmer L A. Cohen vs B. Miiiriiear M. A. Schweig vs J. D. Pecsok
Sophomore Tennis 4:16 p. m.— L E. Osborne vs H. Ochstein E. D. Walsh vs M Marks F. Lau vs J. A. Anthony J. S. Sells vs E Lang L. E. Fleck vs G. J. Siener B. M. Glazer vs Jim Shaw 5:00 p. m.— C. Marr vs W. M. VanCamp R W. Klein vs C. S. Armstrong
Jnnior-Senlor Tennis Friday, September 20 6:00 p. m.— R E. L^nce vs Bud Lafferty S. J. Murphy vs L. E. Aull Jim Cummings vs P. Deuehak A. Huisken vs A. C. GoerSti D. M. Collins vs R. H. Paul J. H. Marshall vs R. S. Armstrong R. B. Heed vs R C. Massey O. W. Brackman vs W. L. Vaughn
Sears, Anniversary Special “NATIONALLS” Coveralls
IDEAL FOR SHOP WEAR
For That Quick Change #2-29 n pr» Fastener
Heavyweight hickory stripe. Sanforized (maximum shrinkage 1%)! Rip-proof, triple stitched seams. Perfectly sized. Short, medium, long. Even chest sizes 34 to 46.
For That Hurry-Up Job
$1.49
Sanforized
Shrunk
Heavyweight sanforized hickory stripe (maximum shrinkage 1%). Rip-proof seams Eight strong pockets. Even chest sizes, 34 to 46; inseam: short, medium and long.
SEARS ROEBUCK & CO.
2 North Third St., Lafayette, Indiana Phone 4039
You don't have to be a football hero to score in Geisler's Cords
Regular Pigsldns for wear, Geisler's cords are never thrown for a loss; season after season they make steady gains in popularity. No skimping-7-plenty of yardoge in every pair. Don't fumble around with inferior qualities, refuse them, insist on Geisler's Cords.
Hi
n
'i i? i
4
^ 1,
V
i
Hi
A
IN d '
' I''
W Ik*!'
I'?!4 K !
} 4
< ^ V a f r' hi ^
^W
^ ; f / ^
f ^ .n^.
j|| Fiiddy, smmhet 20, !040
ttilumt
^ \ Befas Annex Last Season's GreekIM Participation Cup Seta llieia K fraternity terminated the 1939-40 intramural athletic season by takihg the All-Year Participation trophy with a total of 770 points. Alpha Gamma Rho crowded the Betas all t^e \trdy with 763 markers. Following the two leaders were: Phi Kappa Sigma 761 points Kappa Sigma 743 points Lambda Chi Alplia —730 points Sig^ma Alpha Mu .728 points Beta Theta Pi’s points came by virtue of wins in volleyball, trpck, and numerous less contested events. Alpha Gamma Rho’s second place was due to victories in “B” basketball and lesser sports. Delta Tau
Delta edged into the limelight hy winhing the carnival events. ^ Ghainpions All A list of the events show that the follovring fraternities were Strong in certain sports. Touchball—^Phi Kappa Sigma Gnlf—Phi Kappa Sigma Softball—^Kappa Sigmd Basketball “A”—Sigma Pi Basketball “B”—^Alpha Gamma Rho Volleyball—^Beta Theta Pi Swrimming—^Pi Kappa Alpha Track—^Beta Theta Pi Baseball—^Delta Tau Delta Tennis Singles—^Pi Kappa Phi Tennis Doubles—Sigma Chi Ward Competition Wards fonnd a place in Intramural glorjrby winning events in strong compeidtion. Cavy Hall 10 waS among the leaders in the final contests, winning softball, touchball, and baseball championships. Ward 24 took the “A” class basketball, and Cary Hall 11 took the “B” class title. The volleyball finals saw Ward 28 in the title position.
Siiturda/sSite
Deac Says: We Sell Hundreds of Them they Are O. K. H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
V Skull And Crescent To Lead Pre-Game Fresh Parade Skull and Crescent, sophomore activities honorary, met last night in room 825 of the Union, and elected the following members for the pregame frosh parade Saturday; Tom
Peppier, Sigma Phi Epsilon, chairman; Don Graves, Tau Kappa Epsilon; Ed Esping, Phi Sigma Kappa; Ted Novey, Si^a Alpha Mu; and Don Brophy, Phi Kappa Sigma. The organization also set the sophomore cotillion date for February 28, and elected Jake Davis, Phi Delta Theta, as chairman. Other committee members will be selected after Christmas.
V/hen to ^
WHERE ARE YOU ON THIS CHART? ... READ
I
^How to Choose a Slide Rale’’
by IHNV nmou
The sooner yoa find the right Slide Role, the easier your life will be. Don Herold, who can explain anything, has taken all the mystery oat of Slide Rules in this handsome new book, rich with illustrations. Choosing a Slide Rule u a cmch when you do it the Don Herold way. "How to Choose a Slide Rule" is yours with the compliments of the management—if you ask for it in time. See your campus K & E dealer at once. N,
■ST. 1867
KEUFFEL & ESSER CO. NEW YOKK—HOBOKBN, N. J. CHICAOO • ST. LOUIS SAN FRANCISCO • LOS ANGBLES • OCTROIT * MONIWeAL
IT’S niJMOROVS . • IT’S HBLPF1JI.. . IT’S FREE
Announcing
The Arrow Doubler A dual purpose shirt
College men—ho! . . . you asked for it . . . here it is! A two-way campus-sports shirt that looks just as well buttoned up with a tie as it does open at the neck without one. Arrow designed it with classic simplicity. It has a long pointed, low band Arrhw collar with just the collect flare, 2 hntton-down flap pockets, and french front seam. « Fabric is oxford or twill flannel . . . both durable and Sanforized (fabric shrinkage^ less than 1%.) Practically two shirts (both coipfortable and smart) for the price of one. In W^hite and solid colors, $2 and $2.50. Buy this utilitarian value today.
L/
ARROfV SHIRTS
Gef Your Keuflel & Esser Slide Rules at University Book Store
Across from the Union— 'Next to the College inn Cafeteria
M. C. ‘^‘Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Complete line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Tillage
START SCHOOL AFRESH
Pick your campus wardrobe—choose for comfort, for ease— and for style. Come in and have a look through our store. We will be pleased to show yon all the smart new things essential in college men’s wardrobe. ^
Senior Cords $2.98 Zipper Fly — Slide Rule Pocket Moleskins 1 $3.98 Slide Rule Pocket / Grey Cords .^..„$2.98 Slide Rule Pocket — Zipper Fly
RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
Bfaitt
Figures Show Gridmen Are Faced With One Of Season's Toughest Schedules Statistically Mai Elward’s gridiron proteges are facingr one of the xijpst strenuous eight game schedules any eleven could be brought up against. Opening the season a week from Saturday with a home game against the time honored Boilermaker foe, Butler, they will flnis|i one tough assignment only to be faced with another.
Ancient Rivals Butler is one of the oldest Boilermaker gridiron opponents, the first football tilt between the two Hoosier schools having taken place in 1887 when the Riveter team was thoroughly beaten. However, since this first game in Boilermaker football history the local gridmen have succeeded in winning eight out of 11 games from the Bulldogs. Opening conference competition the following week-end, Elward’s men face Ohio State’s defending champions who are also the'' Rivet(^^er’s toughest all-time statistical riFrosh Mermen Meet Next Wednesday Swimming coach Dick Papenguth announced yesterday that the first meeting tot freshman swimmers will be held in Room 104 of the Fieldhouse on Wednesday evening, September 26, at 7.;30 p. m. Coach Papenguth looks forward to a stronger, faster team this year, as only two members of last year’s team were lost. Those members were Captain Tommy Graham and Harris, wose vacancies will be ably filled by sophomores Carney, Williamson, Horn, and McCay. Nearly all the remaining members of the team are juniors, and those juniors are swimming, at this early stage, as fast as the team did at the close of last year’s season,” says the Boilermaker mentor. Although the swimming schedule is not yet "complete, meets have been arranged with Chicago, Hlinoia, Wisconsin, Northwestern, Indiana, Huntington Y. M. C. A., and the Fort Wayne Y. M. C. A. Purdue meets Michigan State in January to dedicate the neew pool at Lansing.
val; the local elevens having been able to chalk-up only one victoty in seven games. Midldgan, who taeex the Boilermaker eleven on October 12, is the only team on the schedule this year that cannot boast of at least one victory over a Boilermaker eleven, having lost all three at its hard-fought battles against the Riveter teams. Holding a slight edge over the local squad in number of games won, the Wisconsin Badgers will invade the campus October 26 for ^e Homecoming battle. At present the Badgers hold a slight edge with 10 games won as compared with nine losses and five ties. In the next battle of the season the situation will be reversed when the Boilermaker eleven will again hold a statistical advantage, having Won two games and tied one in three starts. Returning to the conference the following week, the local gridders will -meet Minnesota at MinneapoUs. In eleven games with the Golden Gophers, the Boilermakers have won three and tied two while losing six. Closing the season with what is probably the most looked-forward-to gridiron battle of the year, the Riveter team will hold a substantial figurative advantage on November 23 when they meet Indiana. Enjoying the wide margin of superiority of 24 victories, 13 defeats, and five ties, the Boilermaker team will go on the field hoping that figures of past performances really do mean something.
teaching
. . . research and extension staff members in the schools of engineering of the University will meet at a smoker Tuesday night, September 24. This event, which is held in order to introduce new faculty members to the staffs of the varioup schools, will &l^e place in the east faculty lounge of the Union.
The UNIVERSITY $5.00 Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—with a felt bindingofcontrastingcolor. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... 13.50.
LEE RATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK,N. Y. fAREO, U a. PATENT OFFICE
are exclusive dealers for in Lafayette and. West Lafayette I It See these new styles and shades before yon buy yonr new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00 SOOMklNSr.
CMmiS SHOP INC.I /
\
• «
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday. September 20. 1940
Modern Dance . . . Club annotinces call out for New members. The club will hold its organiEBtion meeting Wednesday, September 25, at 4 o’doclc in the Women’s gym. All old members and , girls who have had dance are asked to come to the meeting. All new girls who are interested in modem dance, whether they are experienced or not are asked to attend the meeting and learn about the activities of the club. Last year’s club gave several public performsmces and a larger and more interestini* schedule is being planned for this year. Classified Ads FOR SALE Typewriten and addinx maefainca, new and used, for Bale, rent and reitaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office Buppliea. UimeoKrapb and mnltiaraph work. C. F. Ebeishoff, 606 Main ^ Phone 2779. —da
For Sale: ’33 Chevrolet Deluxe Conpe, $150. Good Condition. — 220 So. Street, West Lafayette, Apt. 4.
KosB-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
For Rent: Two-car Garage. Reasonable. 226 S. Grant Street. Phone 2847.
Lost: Brown Parker Fountain Pen by the Armory. Reward, 76811. Robert Kelson.
Lost: Fair of glasses, rimless in black ease near Chemistry building. Reward. 824 Cary Hall, W. Brent Finch.
Notices
Mo notfcM rscelTed after 6 p. m. Christian Fonndation Baseball Flayers: Game with Wesley Foundation at 2 p. m. Saturday afternoon September 21 in Intramural field. Cheering section wanted. ,r-HUDSON.
Christian Fonndation: Game night at 126 Chauncey at 7:80 tonight. —REYNOLDS.
All Men Students interested in Archery, please report to Room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Friday, September 20, at 7:80 p. m. —KEN SCOTT, An Men Students: Interested in trying out for Sigma Delta Psi, imtional honorary athletiq fraternity, please mdet in room 104 of tiie Fieldhouse, Friday, September 20, at 8 p. m. —KEN SCOTT.
W. A. A.: Cabin Leaders’ Course is to be given September 28 through 26 at the Women’s gym each night at 7:80 p. m. under tile direction of Miss Fraser. All girls are urged to come out. This course is combined with the camp craft course that was given last year. —CASE.
Tdl Leaders: All yell leaders report to the stadium at 4 p. m. Friday, September 20. If it rains, report to the fieldhouse. ' —BELDMER.
All Students: An open meeting of the model airplane dub idll be held Friday, Septonber 20, at 7:80 in room 864 of the Union. All students interested in model airplanes are invited to attend. —STREED.
Aeromoddcrs: Meeting Friday, Sept. 20, at 7:80 p. m. in room 864 of the Union. —STREED.
Freshman Engineers: Seating assignments for Engineering lectures are posted in ^e main hallway in Michael Golden shops. Yon should be in your assigned seat this Saturday, September 21 to be given credit for attendance. —KNAPP. Wesley Fonndation: Weinie roast Friday, September 20, at Happy Hollow. Meet at 6 p. m. 16 cents per person. 25 cents for couple. —WAGNER,
Fortune Shoes
Sam Brown
— new military shade for Ball Shoes You're in step with the tinles and with fashion leadeis in handsome shoes of this rich, masculine color ,.. Built over comfortable, custom- ' type-i. lasts for healthful, vigorous living. Stop ii\^nowand try on a pair. $4.00 B & W Shoe Co. East Side of Square
UlUtery Students: All men Interested in trying out for tiie Zouave sonad please meet in room 108 of the armory at 4 p. m. today. —GIBSON.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Fledging will be hdd this afternoon at 4:80 p. m. in room 805 of the Union. AR memb^ of last year end this year please attend. —WAYNE
Sigma Delta Psit All men who isdsh to try out for Sigma Delta Psi, national honorary athletic fraternity, please m^ in room 104 of the Fieldhouse EVidw September 20. —SCOTT.
Hillel Fonndation: All Jewish students are invited to a picnic at Murdock park, Sunday, Septmber 22, at 4:16. There will be a smaU charge of 20 cents per person to defray costs. —GLUCKS.
Alt Senior Women: All who paid deposits on senior cord Jackets are requested to meet in the Union building, room 866 at 4 p. m. today. Come and protect you:; financi^ interests. Brief and important meeting. —CHANDLER.
ttndergtmdnate Damm: First meeting Tn^iday, September 24, at 7:80 p. m. in room 808 of the Union. ^ -^GERSTUNG. Union Building Permanent Assignments: All organizationis wishing permanent rooms in the Union building will submit written petitions to the Student Union Board before Thursday, September 19. Please state size of the organization and the reasons for wishing a permanent room. —CLARK.
Bzponent Co-ed Sephomereui Weilc sehedule Is posted in office. Pleastt report un days assigned, I —SIMPSON. Varsity Golf Candidates: All candidates for varsity golf meet in the lobby of tiie Fieldhouse Friday afternoon At 4:16. 9-19
nUy Lounge, Union, on Friday, September 20, at 7S80 p, m. ^ . —CORTISSOZ-
Catalyst Club: Very Important business meeting will be held in the Chemical Engineering building, Friday, September 20, at 4 p. m. Please be there. —BERGSTEDT.
Fraternity Freslyaen: All fraternity freshmen wanting to tryout for Intramural Manager please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. —CLEVBTT.
CE 6 Condition Examt IBxaminatlon for removal of condition in Surveying, CE 6 will be held in CE 101, Saturday, Septem* her 21, at 1 p. m. Get permit slips in CE 102. —TODD.
Roger Williams Club: All students attending the Vawter picnic should meet at the West Lafayette Baptist church at 1 p. m. Saturday afternoon. —THOMPSON.
Camera Club: All members 'who have mateirial in lockers in the darkrooms should leave their name and position of the locker that they are using on the form in the darkroom book at the West desk. This \ should be done before Satuirday, September 21st or the locks will be cut and ihe contents removed. —GEPHABT.
All Students: First meeting of 'the Phrdue Outing Club will be held in room 828 of the Union Monday, September 28, at 7 p. m. All students welcome. —BLAGRAVE.
Cosmopolitan Club: All foreign students and iieisons interested in the club aire invited to the Club reception in 'the East Fao-
PIA Members: Any Junior or senior independent student interested in the "position of men’s activities chairman on the PIA boarti must -turn in his petition to the PIA office by 4 p. m., Monday, September 28. A sincere interest with ideas is more important than experience. —MUSSER.
NOTICE TO TELEPHONE USERS Students who are dialing three digits and delaying the dialing of the remaining digits are delaying their chances of securing their connection as there are many paths to select any given number. This method is absolutely of no help in getting a busy number, but rather a hinderance. Indiana Associaf'ed Telephone Corporation
WAA Members: Speedball starts Thursday, September 19, at 4:00 p. m. —STlriGERWALD. Purdue 'Wheelmen: Firet ride of the season Sunday, September 22, at 8 p. m. Meet in front of the Administration building. Bring 86 cents for picnic lunch. All bicyclists are welcome. _ —VANDERBH/T.
A name with a MEANING!
' < wr ■
ism
Setting the Standard for Shirt Style for More than 50 Years
2"p
We’ve readied our men’s wear department for a special style event—^the presentation of new Jayson shirt styles for Fall. IHbe growing popularity of Jayson shirts with our customers has always been a source of deep satisfaction to us. It confirms our opinion as to the quality, craftsmanship and style of this popular priced merchandise. This year’s selection of Jayson styles is distinguished by the introduction of new fabrics, loomed exclusively for Jayson . . . new color blends . . . and a new conception of comfort and fit due to superior Troy-tailoring. We invite you to come in now and get a line on the new Fall shirt picture. Your choice of the regular soft of ’^Jaysonized no-starch, wrinkle-free collar. Ask for Jayson—^the name that means everything men want in a fine shirt.
Sanforized—Fabric shrinkage less than 1%.
500 MAIN ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
All FrcBbrnm: Freshmen interCBted In working on the Scrivener etaff should report to the Scrivener office In the Union Saturday, September 21, at 2:80 p. m. —ALEXANDER
, Not to Late to Enroll A PRIVATE {LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Wed., Sept. 25, 7:00 p. m. To Those Wishing To Enroll in OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS Experienced Dancers May Enroll in Our New ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Sept. 26,7:00 p. m. ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
SPECIAL SELLING Senior Cord Slacks $4.00 BALTIMORE
CLOTHES SHOP
Phone 2873
414 Main St.
Get Your Parker Pens and Pencils at University Book Store Across from the Union— ’ Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
ITS
Extra-Deep Ink Capacity is just like money in the bank When You Need It!
Guaranteed for life by Parker's BLUE DIAMOND
he:
And Its Lubricated Point Writes "as smooth as oil"
GUARANTEED for LIFE by Parker's ^ Blue Diamond What’s the use of being a quick-thinker if your
pen won’t work when your brain does?
A college professor found that this gets many a student down. So he invented a brand-new way of filling pens—a ivay that makes more room for ink INSIDE by dispensing with the customary rubber
ink sac.
Parker spent 5 years to engineer this revolutionary principle to perfection—this sacless “OneHand” Filler—the Parker Vacuniatic—the lai^gest selling pen in the world today. A pen that holds nearly twice asjnnch ink as our old style, and shows days ahead if it’s mnning low, so it won’t run dry. Whose lubricated 14 K Gold Point-—non-brittle, extra resilient—is tipped with Osmiridium so smooth and hard and dense that it won’t wear scratchy as long as you live! And its crowning glory is that streamlined Pearl and Jet style — laminated, Ring upon Ring, as ehimmei^ng as velvet—wholly smart, original and exclusive—winner of the Pen Beauty contesL Go and s^e it and try it—don’t make the mistake of writing “the hard way” throughout your college course and life’s career.
TfeLEViSIOM
f«u, $5 to $13.75 ★ WrUufhta Ptndls to oiafd), $3.60 to $6
Exel
*0 I P xarke
ExcIoiIvb Ona-Hond Filler, the EASIEST, mort convenleat, a« verified by DenvHt Laboratoria*tottlno 24 modof best-known makes.
Pens marked with the Blue Diamond ore guaranteed for the Ufa of the owner against everything mcept loss or Intentional damage, sublect only to a charge of 354 for postage, liuurance, and handling provided complete pan Is returned forsarvica. The Parker Pen^mpany, Janesville, Wts.
Deac Says: We Sell Hundreds of Them They Are O. K. H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
h
Vl
is
it
I
Y .f
lit ji
<4