\
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette# Indiana# Friday# November 12# 1937
NUMBER 52
Fans To Stage Big Sendoff Rally Croft Victorious In Sophomore Hanley Speech Contest
Judges' Decision Gives Svvander Second Place
Register
"Handbook Of Engineering Fundamentals" Goes To Victor; Both Winners Will Advance To Finals Speaking before approximately 100 students last night in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building on “What Price Tenancy,” W. D. Croft, sophomore ME won first place in the sophomore division of the second annual Hanley Public Speaking Contest. He was awarded an engraved “Handbook of
Engineering Fundamentals.” Second place went to John Swander, PSE sophomore, who spoke on America’s Biggest Lobby.” Both the winners of first and second place will participate in the final Hanley Contest to be held in Eliza Fowler
Hall, March 3.
Approached after the decision, Croft stated that he based his success on the fact that he had seen the conditions of the tenant farmers all his life, and hence knew his topic thoroughly. Swander refused to make any comment. Judges for the contest were Professor A. N. Topping of the electriqal engineering school. Professor R. G. Thomas of the economics department, and James Maddox of the speech department. Professor H. L. Solberg of the mechanical engineering school presided over the meeting.
Edocalion Groups
For 13fh
Conference Today Directors and supervisors of teacher training and critic teachers will register in the foyer of the Union Building at 8:30 this ihorning for their 13th annual state conference. The conference is under the auspices of the division of education and applied psychology and the state department of public instruc-
tion.
Following registration, delegates will visit classes in West Side High School, Jefferson High School, and several elementary schools until 2
p. m.
Roundtable Discussions “Some Pressing Issues in Student Teaching” will be the subject of an address by Dr. Charles W. Boardman, director of teacher training at the University of Minnesota, at 2:10 p. m. inithe Education Building. This will be followed by a round table discussion for special interest divisions, divided into a primary group, intermediate group, and high school group. The Conference dinner at 5:45 p.m. in the Union ballroom will follow a tea given by Kappa Delta Pi, student honorary education society, at 4:30 p. m. in the Women’s Residence Hall. W. L. Richardson, dean of'the education and psychology department at Butler University, and Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Purdue division of education and applied psychology, will apeak after the dinner. The Glee Club and the Concert Choir will also be on the program. \
Farmers Will Enter Via Slide At Barnyard Frolic Sliding from balcony to ballroom floor will be the novel mode of entry evailable for costumed farmers and farmerettes at the Newman Club Barnyard Frolic tomon-ow night in the ballroom of the Union Building. Use of the slide will be unlimited throughout the dance, which will run from 9:30 to 12:30. Bud Bryant and his hillbilly costumed band will play for the dance. Tickets are still on sale for one dollar at Deac’s, Southworth's and the Union desk. Sigma Phi Epsilon Pledgor Sigma Phi Epsilon announces the pledging of Allwyn B. Williamson of Valparaiso, Ind.
Knight Speaks In Union Building Following Twenty-One Gun Salute By Purdue R 0 T C “This occasion is solemnly set aside to honor those of us who two decades ago througjti the fortunes of war surrendered our rights to life, liberty, and the search for happiness.” Thus spoke Dr. Frederick B. Knight yesterday at the commemoration of the 19th anniversary of Armistice Day at the Union Building following 21-gun salute on the campus at 11 o’clock.
Be A Dfecent, Honest Person
“As I look you college boys straight in the eye, as one of your professors,” Knight continued, “I charge you college youth to use this moment to determine this: I shall for my time and for my civilization by fighting to make myself a decent
generous, honest person.”
“I shall make for those who follow,” he concluded, “after me a society of sweetness, light, and peace by conquering myself for I know that when at last, and only when our lands are peopled with good persons, will we have a peaceful and prosper-
ous nation.”
A guard of honor, made up of members of Scabbard and Blade and POMM, placed a wreath on the Memorial Tablet in the hall of the Union Building. After the ritual, a bug-
ler sounded taps and Tom Sheets, Student Union president, read the Purdue Roll of Honor. Dr. Knight then gave his short address bef(%e the crowd gathered in the Union
Building.
Speaking on “The Will to Peace, Is it an Illusion?”, Dr. Edward R. Bartlett, DePauw University head of department of religious education, appeared before 100 persons at the West Side Baptist Church
last night.
Co-operation Downfall of Wars Dr. Bartlett stressed the fact that cooperativeness between the United States and other nations may be the impetus for the downfall of all wars. He concluded the talk with the statement, “The will to peace is not an illusion, unless God himself is
an illusion.”
Grid Team Will Leave Big Four Station At 6 Tonight Purdue plays its fourth Big Ten game of the season Satur-
day against Wisconsin’s Badgers.
Boilermaker backing football fans tonight will be given the chance to put their team on a Madison-bound train and send with them on that train as much fighting spirit as cheering, yelling, bloodthirsty crowd of fans can generate. ,
Organizing in the village at 5:15 the pep session crowd will march across the levee and send their team off from the Big Four Station on a special train leaving at 6 p. m.
Bigger and better Badger belittling banners were under construction or being planned last night as fi’aternities, sororities and boarding houses prepared for the send-off. Junior cheerleaders in charge of tonight’s rally, George Odell and Bud Fenstermaker, contacted all fraternities yesterday with urgent requests for 100 per cent turnouts.
Intricate Whistle Pulling Features Fowler Hall Job
By A. H. West It seems that a profession has been languishing in the great unknown for years. Modern progress has finally retrieved it from the doldrums, and raised it to the position of a prosperous trade. It was early last week that we first became acquainted with whisile pulling, when curiosity impelled us to investigate the meaning of certain weird sounds being emitted from Fowler Hall. When we entered, we discovered that it was just the whistle-pullers at work. Their business is the scientific removal of organ pipes. A whistle-pulling crew consists of three men, a chief and two apprentices. The chi^f sits at the organ console, and, by some mysterious systeip known only to experienced whistle-pullers, decides which pipe to reijtiove next. After he has checked this by playing two or three keys, he dramatically points to the floor vdth his free hand, and yells, “PulT that whistle.”
Then the first assistant whistlepuller locates the pipen whence comes the whistle. This requires more skill than would at first seem indicated by our simple treatment of the operation. The difficulty lies in the fact that pipes, other than the one blown, will echo the sound. After the pipe is located, the actual whistle-pulling is performed. On some large pipes this cannot be done,,by hand but requires a whistlejack. After the whistle is pulled it is turned over to the third man of the crew, whose specialty is w'histlepacking. He systematically packs the pipes in boxes so that they may be replaced without confusion, in case the orgap is wanted back at some later date. The vhistl^-^ulling and packing in Fowler Hall required approximately three days. 'The organ there contaiped between two thousand and three thousand pipes.
Senate Issues Prom Petitions To Fifteen Fifteen juniors have already announced their intentions of entering the annual Prom committee election race by obtaining petitions from the Senate. The petitioners are: R. M. Sasser, R. J, Ruth, C. A. Liming, Tony Ippolito, Basil Petry, Betty Jo Sexton, Mary Cooley, Tom Garland, Bill Milholland, Sully Mason, Don Glover, L. A. Jacobson, W. H. Smith, Martha Whitehead, and Fred Baase. Only two seniors had obtained petitions for Gala Week committee elections. They are Fay Pendergrass and R. C. Schenk. Petition blanks will be available until November 23 in the Student Senate office. A fee of one dollar is charged for each blank. Common talk on the campus yesterday was the formation of a third party. No name or political affiliation was assigned to this alleged faction, but several of the candidates who obtained petitions were suspected to be running on this new third party. Campus Joes Usurp Music Room Seats By Roving Reporter Joe’s brother Jupe, one of the College boys, sauntered into the music room, threw his plaid jacket across a chair, and made a face at the man in the chair beside his coat rack. The man deemed to be listening to the phonograph. Jupe snorted to himself. These dimwits. He had a radio at home. Jupe flung himself across a divan, his feet barely off the tapestry covering, and then opened his newspaper.After rattling the paper with definite success in producing sound, Jupe hauled out a package of gum, and added apother portion to a wad in his mouth. He patted the wavering crease in his Esquire trousers, looked scornfully at the man try ing to listen tq the records he was playing, and sighed deeply. The music room was some use to him and others of the campus elite.
Tea Dance To Begin PIA Social Program Tea dancing in the Union ballroom from 3:30 to 5:30 tomorrow afternoon to the rhythm of Bob Shinn’s 15-piece dance orchestra will open social activities of the Purdue Independent Association for the year. Couples will be admitted upon presentation of a PIA card owned by either of the dancers. “Those who have PIA cards but no dates should sign up in the PIA office immediately, as a temporary date bur-i eau is being conducted for this dance,” says president Robert , ^chlundt. , Circle dances and 'broom dances will feature the affair in order to i!'eally “mix” couples. “A broom dance,” explained Schlundt, “is a dance where the stag with the brom is very privileged. He may cut in on any couple and relinquish the broom to the ousted man.”
Half Strength Band To Meet Crowd At Station Commissioned officers in Purdue’s Military Band at a special meeting last night voted to send a Regimental band of 60 members across the levee to take part in tonight’s pep session and team send-off. Since the band will not take \ chances of damaging their instruments so soon before the Indiana game, the entire band will not make the trip across the levee. The regimental band will not lead the pep march tonight but will be at the Big Four station to meet the rooters and Boilermaker team at 5:40.
Skull and Crescent members will bear most of the brunt of policing the crowd tonight, since senior Gimlets and Reamers are away on inspection trips. Captain Marty Schreyer, Coach Mai Elward, and varsity fullback Lowell Decker have been asked to prepare short talks for the crowd, and yell-leaders will get two or three other seniors to speak.
Classy Choristers
•^jjaERTnSnmir
Twenty-four voices will sing in unison tonight when the Concert/ Choir appears on the dinner program of the teachers’ conference under the direction of A. P. Stewart.
Kable Urges Rural Electrification As Aid To The Farmers “Building better farm boys and girls and raising the farmer’s standard of living is the chief point in rural electrification,” sighted George W. Kable of New York, editor of Electricity on the Farm, to approximately 60 field men representing as many utilities in the Union ballroom last night. The event was the ninth conference on rural electrification. Kable also stated that a growing intei*est hase developed in this important problem and that load building and line building are the chief factors to consider in the promotion of electricity on the farm. He suggested that load building should be approached as a farm building problem and that electricity is impo«ant to the farmer, both as to pleasure and industry. Kable’s address was the climax of a series of addresses given by well-known men in this field, including M. J. Briggs, of Indianapolis, manager of the Indiana Rural Electric Membership Corp.; Qeorge O. Stewart, sales manager of the Public Service Co. of Indiana; and G. E. Marshall of the Purdue entomology staff. Various phases of rural elec-ti-ification will be taken up at today’s session. Postpone Varieties To Tomorrow Night This week’s Student Campus Variety Show will be presented in the Union ballroom tomorrow night at 7 p. m. instead of the regular Friday night hour. T^e change this week will be made because of a Teachers' Conference banquet to be held in the ballroom Friday night. Tom Garland, Union vice-presi-dent in charge of the shows, announced last night that several new performers will be featured in this week’s production. Among these are a co-ed accordion player and a' new male singer. Don Muller will do a tap dance specialty which he did this summer at a Chicago night club. P. E. Fansler, '01 EE, Di^ Suddenly Sunday Evening Pewival E. Pansier, ’01 EE, died suddenly Sunday night, according to a wire received by President Edward C. Elliott from Heating Journals Inc., the company with which he was connected. Funeral advices were held yesterday morning at ElUcotte City, Md,i [‘■i >
School Qpen House Day Today, we are mfoimed, is school open house da\ of National Education Week On this day all citizens of the nation are urged to return to school and be lust boys and girls The puipobe of this day, we presume, is to keep the idea and the goal of education alive in then minds They aie asked to assume the mquiimg and open mind of youth We might suggest that today college students go to their classes with the naively disci imina ting attitude of a child Instead of getting up, 1 ushing to dress and to eat if there is time, then plodding mechanically to an 8 o’clock, ail ange to arise m time to spend a few minutes in contemplation of your “education ” ^yhat is the purpose of your going to an 8 o elock\class, oi a 9, a 10, oi a 11 ^ Of what value aie those classes going to be in helping you lealize "voui purpose in life‘s Oi do you have a puipose‘s Aie you going through this educational process in a routine, halfheaited mannei Are you meiely maiking time in college until you can get out “to really do the things you want to”—things you will never do because you are becoming fixed in the habit of procrastination and of living in a will-o’-the-wisp future ? Education is \ oluntaiy As long as you woik and study with a will, as long as you enter cultural pursuits of your own accord, your education will continue and your mind, and yourself, will grow If youi learning here is an involuntary proceduie, however, if you are doing only the studying and woik necessary for graduating, the chances are your education, more properly termed “training”—will stop as soon as you aie out of the University Engineering students say they are so heavily burdened academically they do not have time to read books of a cultural nature, nor to listen to classical music, nor follow hobbies that build for a lifetime of enjoyment and enrichment Many of them tell themselves they will take up these pursuits after graduation, w hen they have more time Most of the habits foimed during college years, however, will cling with a person the lest of his life You can’t make vague promises to yourself for future years and expect them to materialize, you must act now
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3 1917 authoiired Jan 20 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular aca demic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year by mail $3 50 REPRESENTED FOR NAT ONAU ADVERTISING BY NationaJadverthiR^SenfiiDeJiiG. College PubhUiers U /iresenlative 420 Madison Ave new York N Y CHICAGO Boston Los Angeles San Francisco MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Hoorn E Memorial Union Build ng West Lafayette Ind Phone 4006 ask for Exponent Office
Editor In Chief
Business Manager
R P Manion
D C Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor J E Brock Associate Editois D A Bailey L S Hardin C D Schroeder H I Stanback D E Vance Editors Secietaiy Maiga;-et Sawyer
\
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J P Girard National Advertising Manager W J Gillilan Local Adveitising Manager K E Hensler Circulation Manager M C Beeves
CO ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke
Mary Cooley Doiothea Justin
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R r Obenchain J S Blown R L McDonald
B D Witwei
Editor
Associate Editoif
Editor
Associate Editors
Th s newspaper is written edited and published by undergraduate students of Puidue University All opin ions in it unless otheiwise accredited aie student opinions and do not necessaiily coincide with the official University \iewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi tor in chief Issue Editor—Insley Night Editor—Bailey Friday November 12 1937
As a beginning we suggest you practice stopping m at the Union browsing room for a few minutes each day and perhaps going up to the music room for a short time daily Or yo^i form the habits of reading good books and listening to good music, whatever you prefer for cultural recreation, in your own home We only suggest the Union as a general accommodating center for all students This IS National Education Week. What are you doing to fuither your education?
Who Picks Independents For Party Tickets? Deal Editoi Attei leading a lettei to you fioni A1 Ehleis which appeared in yesterday s Exponent, we are veiy much in the dark as to how independent students aie elected to the Piom and Gala Week committees Mi Ehleis IS evidently quite displeased with some action of E K Wiight’s concerning the election of independ ent students to the above mentioned committees It V as also noted that Ml Ehlei’s lettci left the leader with the im piession independent students would have nothing whatsoevei to do with the nomination of candidates to the tv 0 committees The doubtful points that should be cleaied up immediately by Mi Wright are (1) Will PIA affiliate with the oigamzation that will giant the independents the most candidates (All indications on this point suggest the answer might be “nq’O (2) Will the independent candidates themselves be selected by Mr Wiight and his boaid oi by the only fan way—a vote of all independents inteiested in fan lep resentation ’ J R Ballard, Su ’40 R B Peterson, Sci ’40 Defeating Indiana Merits A Holiday Deal Editoi Saturday Novembei 20 has been declaied a holiday foi a veiy im poitant leason Eveiy co-ed and ed wants the possessor of the Old Oaken Bucket to be Purdue when that day IS over and will do everything possible to bring the bucket to Purdue Classes have been dismissed foi that day supposedly to give the students more power to captuie the sacred old bucket However, there are other reasons for such a declaration The gate receipts would be less if such a fitep were not taken Students aie enabled to go to a football game by a liberal grant of half a day’s vacation and no one 18 sorry, but when Thanksgiving
comes less than a week latei they aie not able to be at home where they belong on that day because the Univeisity schedule must go on' If the time which is our own can not be given us is it unfaii to ask the baigain that should Puidue win we be given a Thanksgiving vaca tion in exchange foi our loyalty‘s No, we don't want to be paid foi loyalty, we only want what is our ov n G W N , ME ’39 Heioes By The Basketfull Dear Editoi Being diafted into a heio position IS almost as paiadoxical as the Stu dent Senate lepealing a tiadition In plainei woids youi foimiila IS to 1 Acquiie an attitude that war IS inevitable so that the United States cannot escape 2 Peimit youi government to establish diaft laws so that you can not escape 3 Go over the top and become a heio because your officers will shoot you if you don’t and the enemy may miss if you do Is it not inteiestmg that oui smartei citizens, bankeis, politi Clans, and munitions manufacturers aie not anxious enough to become heioes to permit the diaft laWs to touch them ’ I saw several hundred basketfulls of heioes in a militaiy hos pital Minus arms, legs, eais, noses, and some of their mental ability, these useless specimens bore mute witness to the college boy’s desire to be a hero C. B Stafford, EE ’39 Einstein Jr. To Visit Here Di Albert Einstein, Jr , 33-year old son of the famous scientist, will visit the University m the near futuie The young engineei, interested in hydiaulics, is making a toui of the United States and visiting American industries in the hope of finding a congenial job.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley Why I didn’t join a sorority—fi om the Ohio State Lantern 1 I want to think for myself and not be led aiound by a bunch of sis ters 2 I never vent m foi women’s organizations at home 3 I don’t want a lot of fiatei nity men looking in at me eveiy night 4 I nevei danced with a man be foie and I don’t want to start now 5 I don’t like giils wearing my clothes 6 I’m a man ^ H* 4* As a remedy for overcrowding Indiana University has tried 12 o’clock and Saturday morning clas ses When these changes were sug gested, about half the students (in teiviewed for student opinion) fa voied the plan Now after a tiial, the plan seems to be quite generally favored Com ments are “I don’t mind at all hav mg a class at 12 o’clock because then my classes are not strung out all through the afternoon,” “We like it because it gives us afternoon cie dit painlesly,” and “I like noon clas ses a lot—they give me an excuse to eat twice, once before and once aft erward ” (This from a boy ) * -N * * Mortal Board member at the Uni veisity of Oklahoma have their annual walk out just before the tra ditional co-ed ball Carrying Japanese lanterns “to look for and then light the way foi new girls on the campus” they parade to the sta dium, dressed in academic gowns The entire student body accomp ames them to the stadium wheie around a bonfire m^mbeis of the or ganizatiqn talk on University problems amf describe the various honor aiy organizations on the campus just-in To Speak Tonight“Gatheiing and Interpreting Crop Data,” will be the subject of Pi of M M Justin’s address to the allagionomy meeting tonight at 7 p m in room D of the Union Building All agronomy students and staff aie invited to attend by officials in charge of the meeting
The inspection trips are still going—stiong, we hope, and it falls to our lot to cany on Anyway here goes— In^eping with the season comes this contrib— HEY, HEY Come my friends and you shall hear The echo of a “Frohe-teer” Who hollers out the Barnyard slang Amidst where corn and pumpkins hang A lot of girls won’t want to go Cause gingham gov ns disgrace them so. If gingham gowns will so disgiace God help us of the human race So guys and gals, get on the route Get overalls and ginghams out. And take advantage of this chance To see our only Barnyard Dance —Ray Burger I always knew that she Wasn’t the only fish in the sea And now it occurs too late— That neithei am I the only bait —swiped “ I know she’s had pins al ready but I believe in doing busi ness with an old established firm ” SULLY MASON Remember that there are still Mars PASSES for the best contrib of this week, so let us have ’em Just drop them m the Union box A-SWINGIN’ ON THE FARM So it’s out for a night of frivolity, A night when the farm luns the show; Tonight he’s Hiram Hayseed, Though he may be Campus Joe We’ll toss our cares to the wayside, We’ll step out in our gingham and blue We’ll be out for a long night a swingin’, It’s a frolic tonight at Purdue W# 11 dust off that old straw hat And with a bandana around om neck, We’re out for a night of fun making Though tomorrow we may be a wreck The farmers Will rule o’er the ‘barn’ With a farmerette at his right.
There are twice “57 varieties^'' in the new Freemans for this season. ^TEasy” prices make it easier to add “easy-to-looh-at” and *‘easy-to-wear” fine shoes toyopr wardrobe.
4Jsani!iiaii«iMnnMsw
A. B. C. Shoe Co. Phone 2001 412 Main St. LAFAYETTE, INDIANA'^ uL
Copr 1937 by Dnlted Feature Syndicate Ino
“It’s pouring- outside—shall I keep on pulling till it lets up 2’
For who hasn’t heard the whispers, “It’s Barnyard Frolic tonight ” See you at the Pep Session— BEAT WISCONSIN ' ' Wanted One little bid to the Pi Phi pledge dance Remember girls, Ehinger and pick the beauties for Debus this year Signed, Moneybags” Siebenthal P S I will turnish tandem hi cycle transportation if desired
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOWl
Today - Saturday
vm 1 ISECKLeSS hour ... nc wow iWE HER PAV!
JOHN
BEAL WARREN
WILLIAM BwInaW OWEN
LU^ Today - Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
IHE GRIM WHltl WAY GIVIS HIM HIS 6REAIKT
ftipnv FIGHTS BHCK
Willi
KENT TAYLOR’ IRENE HERVEY
TODAY - SATURDAY TWO BIG FEATURES CHARLES BICKFORD MARSHA HUNT GILBERT ROLAND
ZANE GREY S “THUNDER TRAIL” plus CHAS. QUIGLEY —m— ‘The Game That Kills”
ARC
Today — Saturday
‘Robinson Crusoe” Serial SUNDAY — MONDAY “Pick a Star”
‘Let’s Make a Million”
Mai^
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
You’ll laugh Shriek and Throb'
Coo-Coo As Ever —Plus—
with CHESTER MORRIS UNA MERKEL
Also Mickey MouseV ''
Friday, November 12, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
lefferson High School Downs West Side, 20-7 Jefferson High School defeated West Lafayette 20-7 for its tenth straight win of the series in a game played yesterday afternoon at Ross-Ade Stadium. The Bronchos scored early in the first period, and followed up with second and third quarter, touchdowns before the Moore outfit finally came through for seven points in the last five minutes of the game,
s Jeff Scores Early
West Side received the opening kickoff, but' a couple of plays later Riley, Red Devil halfback, fumbled and Van Dermay recovered for the Bronchos. After two tries, Jeff broke Dose loose and he went over for the first score of the game. His placekick for the extra point was good, ’to give the Masters eleven a 7-0 lead. Jeff scored its second touchdown in the last minute or two of the first half after intercepting a West Side pass deep in Red Devil territory. Lancaster’s pass to Dose was good for six points. Dose’s attempted dropkick failed, #and the half ended soon after the East Siders kicked off. Again a fumble proved costly to the Mooremen in the third quarter when Sunkes recovered for Jeff in the shadow of the West Side goal. Two plays brought the ball to the two yard stripe, then Dose took it over and place kicked the point to
Patronize Exponent
Advertisers
SPECIAL RATES ^ for the PURDUE-INDIANA GAME RENT A CAR and Come and Go As You Please Phone 6455 for information Rogers’ Drive It Yourself System
Don’t Gamble with your health I You will have a better chance for good health with well balanced meals. The dice are loaded against you when you eat only one type of food every day. The Union Cafeteria serves a large variety of food so that you may have the best meals possible.
J/UL fiwvdusL TlflmufimL lAmDfL Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
Badger Center
finish the Broncho scoring for the
afternoon.
Passes Click Starting about their own 20-yard line, the Red Devils advanced the ball to_ the Jeff 20 on' two passes from Riley to Kiem in the most spectacular plays ^ the game. The Scarlet and Gray* went do-wn to within a foot of the goal Hue in a few more plays, but a penalty set them back to the 16. Interference on a pass put the ball on the six, and on the third play Sexson, West Side fullback, went over for a touchdown and followed with a plunge for the conversion on a fake kick. Burke at guard and Dose in the backfield were outstanding for the Jeff team, while Henderson and Hill stood out in the Red Devil line.
Neil Pohl, veteran center of the Wisconsin Badgers playing his third year as a letterman, who will probably receive the starting assignment against the Boilermakers in Saturday’s encounter at Madison. Pohl, a Milwaukee product, stands six feet tall and weighs 183 pounds.
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at GULLION’S West Lafayette
We predict for Saturday s game
TKat tke best-JressecI spectators will be wearing lab-less-tab collar skirts. Watck tkis important style develop on your campus.
5 J
THE WINDSOR
An Arrow skirt witk a newly designed smart tabless tab collar. Higher band front and bacjcsquare jaunty points.
hliloga fit and Sanforized
DEWENTER’S Carry a complete line of all ARROW clothing. 416 Main
For Your ARROW SHIRTS
!I6 N.SIX'n^ST.'"
Badgers Favorites As Squad Enirains For Hard Madison Tilt Today; Thirty-Five Make Trip Thirty-five Boilermaker football players, coaches, trainer.s, and managers will leave this afternoon for Madison, Wis., where they will meet the University of Wisconsin Saturday in the Badgers’ first game after a full two weeks’ rest. With but one lone loss chalked up against them in Big Ten competition, the Badgers will rule as popular favorites to continue on the
victory road.
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain While opening our mail from the contribution box at the Union desk, we came across a letter addressed in a timid hand to this department, requesting a sport biography of Angie Morningstar ... We appreciate the feminine interest in our column, but wish' to whisper to the authoress of the letter that the postage stamp was unnecessary. '—fc-^ So we ambled over to the Beta house last night to find just what this man Morningstar had on the ball to cause such a twist among the women . . . And there we found him lying on the |Iooi^ in the main hall with his head on Simone, the new Beta canine . > . Augie was somewhat loath to speak of his accomplishments but Don Powell, Moose Krause, Frank Winch ell and several more Betas who sat in on the interview were somewhat more talkative about the subject in question. —^fc— August Ernest Morningstar, who incidentally acquired his poetic nom de plume from his Indian descended parents—he’s one-third Indian, hails from Massilon, O., where he played football for three years, becoming captain of the All-State team in his senior year . . . Augie also played basketball and probably anything else that came his way ... in fact Moose Krause says that they are thinking of dedicating their new fieldhouse to him . . . —^fc— ■ Here at Purdue, Augie was one of the stars of last year’s freshman squad and this year is one of the sophomores who have made good on the varsity . . . Last year Augie also made the Beta “B” basketball team which has won the Interfraternity championship for the past two or three seasons, and is expected to hold down a berth in this year’s squad. —fc— A point that Don Powell made which we know will be of interest to the lady who requested this story is that August is a singer and trucker of great renown at the Beta manse ... In fact anyone entering his room during the Goldblatz hour will be met with an amazing collection of high “C’s” and intricate dance steps for such an early hour.
The Boilermakers will take the field prepared to “shoot the works” with a wide open running and passing attack that will make frequent use of the type of laterals that scored two touchdowns against the Iowa team. Elward will again call on the backfield combination of Cecil Isbell, Brock, Juska, Ippolito, and Cody Isbell to carry out his system of speed and deception in preference to power as a means of obtain-
ing ground.
Improvement of line blocking particularly downfield, has been emphasized by the Boilermaker coaching staff since the loss to Fordham, and Elward is hopeful that a more consistent attack will be displayed against the Badgers. No changes are anticipated in the rugged forward wall alignment that is built around Capt. Marty Schreyer and Clem "Woltman, the rugged senior “tackle twins.” Billiard Tournament Nears Final Round; Leon Dailey, J. $. Later Declared Champs Purdue’s all-campus billiards championship which has been going on for some time in the billiai^d room of the Purdue Memorial Union is approaching its final stage wnth some of the tournaments already completed and with others having but a few games left to play. jLeon Dailey won the 14.1 pocket billiard tournament having as his closest competitors Charles Milvo who finished with second place honors and Mark Boone who finished third. In the straight rail tourney J. S. Lafer outpointed all contenders to gain the championship rating. In the round robin rotation tourney Leon Dailey and Robert "Witherell are tied for first place and Ernest Stinebaugh is leading the three cushion tourney by three games. C. C. Peterson, who is one of the best fancy shot artists in the country, will be in the billiard room to give am exhibition of fancy and seemingly impossible ' shooting on
December 2.
So we wdll leave Freddie Astar in the middle of the Goldblatz hour and gwan home . . . And if another campus lady has a secret hearthrob in the Purdue athletic world, we wish that she would not be lax in voicing her desire—it’s entirely confidential . . . This also goes for any of you lads. ''
Honey in the howl ✓ The ■•'Yello-Bole” treatment—real honey in the bowl —gives this pipe a “well-broken-in” taste immediately, AND impregnates the briarwood thoroughly as you smoke, so its woiiderful flavor is preserved permanently. Special attachment gives (1) automatic free draft (2) double-action condensor. YELLO-BOLE
Also "CARUURETOft'' "STEMBITER", "IMPERIAl" VEILO-BOIES, $1.25 & $1.50
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
Lafayette's... COLLEGIATE SHOP For the Newest Popular Priced
• SWEATERS • SKIRTS • JACKETS
• BLOUSES • KNIT SUITS • SCARFS
lust received . . - new shipment of SHIRTS at $1.98
East Side ef SgncneVrV } wA " V ' ' “, ' ' '' 4,.
• . ‘m ,r ‘i*, '''*!., 4 , w ?,h‘v''' , ' ^ f / ^ ’ll' ' }«4 '
i.
p
W-i.
THE PURDUE EXPbNENT
Friday, November 12, 1937
Dr. Robert Moore Will Address ACS Meeting Monday Dr. Robert J. Moore, development monthly meeting of the Purdue section, Yonkers, N. Y., will speak in room 106 of the Chemistry Building Monday at 7:30 p. m., at the monthly meeting o fthe Purdue section of the American Chemical Society on “The Chemist and the Changing Vainish Industry.” During his 26 years of experience in the chemical field with Columbia University, the Fraser Laboratories, New York City, Pratt and Lambert, and his present employer. Dr. Moore has vn-itten many papers on chemical pi'Ogress. In 1933-34 he served as chairman of the Paint and Varnish division of the American Chemical Society. Reservations for the ACS dinner, to be held Monday at 6*00 p. m. in the Purdue Union may be made with Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, secretary of the Purdue section of the society. 'B' Squad Meets Iliini Team Tomorrow At 2 In Stadium; Seek Revenge For 13-7 Loss While Purdue’s varsity is battling Wisconsin at Madison, the Boilermaker “B” squad will provide ample gridiron entertainment for the fans at home as they attempt to overcome the Illinois “B” team in a return game at 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon in Ross-Ade stadium. Coach Burnham’s Boilermakers w'lll be out for revenge for the 13 to 7 setback issued by Illinois earlier in the season at Champaign. So far this season the “B” squad has not played the best of football, but they are hopeful of redeeming themselves for their present record by evening the count with the Iliini this Saturday. A definite starting lineup for the “B” game will not be decided until shortly before game time, but Coach Burnham, ^yho will be in chai’ge of the squad for the afternoon, has indicated that one possible starting combination would have Lehr and Mann at ends; Raebel and Dilts at tackle; White and Reuboiu at the guards positions; Jerrell at center; Montague at quarterback; Herbert and Yeager at halfbacks; and Ainslie, fullback. Other starting possibilities include Gale, Thom, and Foster.
TOUCHBALL —Today— Field 7— ^Ward 11 vs. Ward 5—Briscoe. 8— North Cary Hall 1 vs. East Cary Hall 1—Leppla. 9— North Cary Hall 2 vs. East Cary Hall 2—Boyer. 10—North Cary Hall 3 vs. East Cary Hall 3—Troyer.
BATTERY SOFTBALL Field 8-^D-3 or E-3 vs. C-1.
WB A A Programs
Friday, November 12 11:00—Principles of Sociology, T. K. Noss. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum, G. E, Lehker, B. E. Montgomery. 12:15—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review by Bob Heine. 12:45—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 1:00—Behind the Scenes of Merchandise, by Mary Wagner. 1:15—You and Your Health, Dr. S. J. Miller. 1:30—^Parents Forum. 1:46—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—Magic Carpet. 2:30—Melody Time. 2:45—Today’s Occupations, dramatization. 3:00—^Purdue Woman’s Club Program. Program, Mis. Siegle Anderson, pianist, Mrs. F. H. Eastwood, soprano 3:30—Lafayette Little Theatre Program. 4:00—^The Story Book Hour. 4:15—^Indianapolis Symphony Talk, Mrs. J. R. Clines. 4:30—Melody Review. 4:45—Thorntown Choir.
'Many Chinese Engineers Are Boilermaker Educated/ Two Grads Tell Interviewer
By R. H. Chinn “Most of the famous Chinese engineers have studied at Purdue,” said quiet, self-posessed 1. T. Yen. Though educated in a Chinese university, Yen, now studying civil engineering in the graduate school, has a background so rich in Purdue influences that he was prompted to make the foregoing statement. “My father was graduated from Purdue in 1906 ,and came back two years later for his Master’s degree,” said Yen in clear English with a surprisingly American-like accent. “Professor King, a Purdue man, was one of my teachers at the University of Chiao Tung, in Shanghai. The school has three Chinese professors who are Purdue graduates. Several of the engineers who are employed by the government have studied at Purdue,” continued Yen. “I have always wanted to come to this university, and am proud to be here.” University In War Zone Seated near Yen m Professor Baldwin’s office, was soft spoken T. C. Hsiung. “My schooling was in the University of Chiao Tung, at Shanghai,” he said. “Yes, I’m studying in the graduate school—mechanical engineering. Three of my professors were from Purdue. It may interest you to know that the university is in the war zoqe, and that most of the expensive laboratory
Women’s Athletics
Sports Spread “Cold, snappy weather brings on WAA Sports Spread,” remarked Emily Tubbs, president of the Sportswomen Club when interviewed last night. The annual fall Sports Spread will be held on November 18 at the WAA cabin. Members of the Sportswomen Club, girls who have earned their “P” monograms, are in complete charge of the affair. Tickets are being sold in the main office of the Women’s Gym. Hockey A close game of hockey was held between the junior and sophomore class, with the juniors victors by a score of 1-0.
Fortunes score the shoe style hit of the season with Polo Grain — a handsome, mellow leather — in Fortune Styles Specified for street and business wear. Stop by and look them over. .. $4, most styles. Exclusive Agent for Bostonian at $7.50 Jarman-Friendly at $5 B & W Shoe Co. 121 N. 4th St.
equipment has been moved out of the dangerdus area.” This was the only comment that the men made regarding the present war. The class of 1906 is able to boast that it contained the first Chinese graduates ever to receive degrees from the University-^L. C. Yen and F. K. Sah. Several subsequent classes can boast of Chinese members. But the campus in the year 1937 is proud to receive the first son of the first Chinese f’urdue graduate— I. T. Yen, a very loyal Boilermaker. Smith, Wiancko To Judge At Chicago livestock Show Five Hoosier stockmen and one agronomist will help tie the ribbons on the world’s best livestock and grain at the coming International Livestock Exposition at Chicago on November 27. They are: Prof. W. W. Smith, Purdue University, who will judge the pigs in the junior feeding contest; Prof. A. T. Wiancko, head of the agronomy department, who will be on the corn judging committee again; 0. R. Quakenbush, Sharpsville, who will judge Oxford sheep; Ralph Harris, Kokomo, who will judge Cheviot sheep; E. J. Barker, Thorntown, who will judge Berkshire and Spotted Poland China hogs, and Arthur Thomson, Wabash, who will judge the Chester White swine. Lark-Horovitz To Direct Musical Program Sunday Under the able direction of Dr. K. Lark-Horovitz, an ensemble of four string instruments will deliver a program of Mozart and Schumann piano quartette numbers and a
Strauss Burleske for two pianos on Sunday evening at 8 p. m. in the Union music room. The program will consist of W. A Mozart’s piano quartet in G Minor, the Strauss Burleske, and Robert Schumann’s piano quartet nfimber of E. Flat Major, Op. 47. Dr. Lark-Horovitz, while directing the group, will simultaneously perform on the viola. Mrs. Harletta Sasser, Gi’and Rapids, Mich, pianist; Miss Thelma F. Thrasher, Lafayette, violinist; and M. C. Howenstein. West Lafayette, will be included in the personnell of the group.
Local Ads
TYPEWRltERS — Adding ma.,chines, sold, purchased^ reiited, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Alpha Lambda Delta pin. Thursday November 4. Call 4866, after 5:30. Reward.
LOST—Racine wrist watch in Union Saturday night. Reward. Call Fisher 5057.
LOST—Brown and white setter pup, wearing a collar with the name Jeff Devil on it. Call 3906. Reward.
LOST—Cap for green and black Shaeffer fountain pen. Reward. Phone 36002. i
RELIABLE, STUDENT—Wants a roommate. Good room, separate beds. 432 N. Grant. Phone 41612.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and
GINGER ALE Pepsicola — Coca Cola — Root Beer DAD’S PLACE —So Handy
Pleasing Tempting Delicious
Everyone likes delicious breads and pastries. If you want to be complimented upon your meals, be sure to serve plenty of baked goods.. They will make good meals better. i
I
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
Its
No Secret!
Gua, woaIl idu ^XcluAWiL Keep your clothes new and snappy looking with the aid of this super-cleaning service. We'll keep your clothes tip-top at all times.
222 North Street West Side Cleaners / Phone 4081
MB 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p.m. in room 801 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any student wishing td take this test must see me before November 27. —MESSERSMITH.
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, room A 4 to 6 p. m., November 10 to 23. —ELLIOTT.
Delta Rho Kappa: Pledge meeting November 12 at 7 p. m. in room B of the Union. —MERRITT. ASME: Members may get their November magazines at the instrument room of the ME Building. Pins and charms for new members are in. —CLUTTER.
Rollerskating Party: Wesley Foundation will conduct a roller skating party November 13 at 2 p. m. Price 2B cents. Cars will leave from 436 State street. All students are welcome. ~ —HURD.
AIChE: Debris pictures will be taken November 16 at 7 -.SO p. m. in the tower room of the Union. Membership fees may be paid at that time —GRIPFENHAGEN.
WAA Hockey Conference: Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women’s Gym at 11 a. m. Saturday. —BRADY.
Exponent Co-eds: Will the following girls please come to the Union Exponent officfe November 13 at 1:30 p. m.—Williams, Limpus, Totten, Schilling, Martens. . —McKEE.
Newman CTub; All having unsold Barnyard Frolic tickets turn them in to the Union Desk before 4 p.m. November 12. —WALZ.
WAA Hockey: Sophomores vs. seniors today at 4 p. m. —DOBSON.
Wesley Foundation: A roller skating party will be held Saturday, November 13, at 2 p. m. Please sign up at the Foundation house. —HURD.
Purdue Riding Club: Moonlight ride November 16 at 8 p. m. Members wishing to go sign up in Union office. —SUMMERS.
Union Sophomores: Will all available Union sophomores report to the office November 13 as soon after 1 p. m. as possible. Very important. —JACOBSON.
Try Our Special 25c Dinner Eat in a first-class restaurant that has been inspected and approved by the STATE BOARD OF HEALTH and the S’raOENT HEALTH SERVICE OF PURDUE We serve only first-class meats and fine fruits and vegetables — all at reasonable prices. We welcome all our patrons and invite them to inspect our kitchen. Tom’s Restaurant Opposite Purdue Armory 301 University St.
Lingerie Specials Rayon Knit Slips, brassiere top, guaranteed against shrinking and sagging $1.00 Lounging Pajamas, two piece, in new dark colors..$1.98 Balbriggan Pajamas, two piece, ski bottoms, pastel and dark colors, sizes 15, 16, 17, at $1.00, $1.50 & $1.98 Pure Dye Satin and Silk Crepe Slips. Tailored^and Lace trimmed models, guaranteed seams, sizes 32 to 44, Tea Rose $1.98 Rayon Panties, new brief styles in run-proof materials. Brassieres and vest to match, each 79c Rayon Combination Suits, brassiere top, sizes 32 to 46. Tea Rose $1.00 White Uniforms, long and short sleeves, new styles, zipper fastenings, sizes 12 to 20 $1.98-$2.98 THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-824-626 Main Street Private Parking Space in Rear of Store
Purdue E3cpo^ent Service Directory
—> Bookstores —
— Florist —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
dhih J-loAidti Inc. 635 Main St. in Lane Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Furniture —
Student Equipment faalo
PROFESSIONAL
J'juknJjttVut Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Tho Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD 3. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Beauty Studio —
a EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
—— Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE paints FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Aatomobil« k«y *nd lock service our Mioeislty. L. C. N. Door Closer Distributers 209-211 N. 5th St.. Phone 2828
At
Ml
4