VOLUME XLVII
. Straiiss Talks Before 700 Seniors
^oman Physician Gives Last Marital Lecture .. :Of S^ies '
Dr. Elizabeth K. Strauss, of Chicago, presented the last of the se niester’s series of mantai lectures before a capacity crowd of 700 senior men last night in the main lecture room of the Education Puilding. icy roads between Lafayette and Chicago delayed her appearance, so the lecture was postponed from 4 until 7 o’clock. Discussing frankly the woman’s viewpoint of marriage relations, she, presented substantially the same talk as in her previous appearances here. She followed the physical, sexual, and iheiital devel opment of a normal girl from infancy to maturity, comparing the stages with the eras in the develop ment of human civilization. Discusses Malrriage Occasionally referring to cases of which she had personal knowledge Dr. Strauss discussed the problem of frigidity in women, stressing the fact that solutions can be found for each individual case. She followed through the daily life of an average wife with two very young chil dren, giving the manner in which time is occupied. She then com pared this with the life of a similar woman in more comfortable cir cumstances, concluding that the former was the happier. Following the lecture, she answered written questions from the audience for an hour. The questions broi^ght out many points of interest, and several of them Occasioned much laughter from the audience. In particular, she stated that many Of the queries could nOt be answered in general, as each case has its individual character-
istics.
Confidence Needed Dr. St#auss particularly emphasized that mutual confidence is necessary for a happy marriage, recommending that married or engaged couples talk over their problems together. Following the lecture, the seniors who had heard four or more of the series were requested to rate the speakers in the oi'der they liked them. The results, when tabulated in the near future, will be used as a guide in selecting the speakers for next year’s series
Conference Will Continue Today
aMd^ts mth a rabidly^ list were discussed ydstefddy ^ thd opening sessions of iihe conference On Traffic and Safety, held as a partdf the Safety Institute of the Urity^sity* Police^ school and other officials a^ several inten-
eOtOd citizens froih private
F. W. Rddenheber,: mtmagOf of the Louisville, Ey., safety council, who will speak at this morning’s session of the conference on Traffic
and -Safety.
Dr. Rice Gives AGhS Lecture 125 Persons Atteiid Uliistrated Lectiire On Free Radicals
DR. ELLIOTT WILL LEAVE FOR WASHINGTON TODAY
Dr. E, C. Elliott, president of the University, will leave this after■< noon for Washington, D. C., where he has been called to attend a meeting of the executive committee of the American Council on Education. He will return Monday.
Approximately' 125 persons attended the lecture by Dr. Frances Qwen Rice, professor of chemistry at John Hopkins University, on “The Chemistry of Free Radicals” at a meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society in the Chemistry Building last night. The speaker was introduced by Prof. R. C. Corley, president of the local section of the society. His lecture was supplemented by graphic and diagrammatic slides. Dr. Rice explained the Considerable difficulty experienced in isolating the ethyl and methyl radicals before Avogadro’s Principle was. known arid described the work carried ori recently by himself and a student at John Hopkins. According to the results deduced from their experiments, the methyl radical, CHS, possesses great stability; it reacts easily with itself to form ethane, its half life period being six-theusarids of a second; it also combines with certain metals, including zinc, cadmium, tin, mercury, lead, etc., and induces decomposition in other organic compounds, one radical inducing reaction in ten to one hundred molecules at a tempei-ature below nor-
mal decomposition. Methylene Radical
The methylene radical, CH2, can be identified by its compound with tellurium, telluro-formaldehyde, a red insoluble solid. Like the methyl radical it reacts easily with itself, to form ethylene, and has a half life of six-thousandths of a second. The methylene radical also combines with certain metals, and it reacts with butane above 700 de-
grees Centigrade.
life, iiuffibei^ng liiore tliatt 100 were- registered from widely; scattered parts of the state to consider the problems encoun--tered^oh rural and urban thor-
ou^fares.
Suggestions ranged all the way from organization and training of investigational squads of police for effectively curbing the hit and run driver, to civil service examinations
for all drivers. , Elliott Talks
“During the year, many weavers will come to this loom of learning called the University,” said President E. C. Elliott, in describing the work of the University’s Safety Institute. “It may be doubted if any of the gatherings will have the ultimate importance of this confererice. Here is need for education, for science, for voluntary union of the best efforts of men, and opportunity for cooperative pioneering for the
Research Men Meet T oday Housing Coiumittee Will Convene Here ■
Members of the committee on co-' ordination with industry of the University housing research project will meet today, contrary to the statement made in yesterday’s Exponent. According to Richard Harrison, secretary of the Committee and also secretary and general manager of the Rostone Company, utilization of new building materials and construction methods in house building can be best accomplished through the coordination of all units in the building industry. Approximately 100 industrialists met here in 1935 to discuss the needs and research problerifts of the building programs. Since that time, much progress has been made, in fact, the University housing program was laid out, utilities installed and nine, model houses designed Also five contracts were let in the low ,c;qst class with work beginning in November. Many out of town men have planned to attend the
meeting here.
protection of human life upon the new and dangerous frontiers of civilization.” Donald F. Stiver, state director of public safety, offered a seven point progranni which called for continued improvement of highways and automobiles from an engineering standpoint; strict and impartial enforcement of all laws adequate city and country highwaypatrol; regular inspection of automobiles; uniform and modern driv ers’ license laws; educational work in schools for drivers and pedestrians; coordinated state-wide safe
ty efforts.
Study Rural Accidents John Wheeler, Purdue ’14, state highway commissioner, told of the work of the highway survey commission in its study of rurjil accidents, and J. A. Keefe, maimger of the Anderson Herald, told of the traffic situation from the city standpoint. Lieut. Franklin M. Kreml, safety specialist on the University staff, urged formation of investigating squads to actually get the probleriti of the hit-and-run driver. The program this morriing will be devoted to a discussion of public safety education, child safety, and traffic planning. Speakers will include F. W. RodenhCber, manager of the Louisville, Ky., safety council;,A. R. Forster, of Evanston, 111.; and H. F. Hamilton, traffic engineer of the National Bureau of (Continued on page 4)
Max Steindel, solo ’cellist of the St. Louis Symphony orchestra, that will play for the third musical convbcatiori Monday night in the Memorial Uymiiasium. Agriculturists To Meet Here
Plans Complete For Annual Aig Conference; 6,000 Expected
/. Edgar Hoomr ’s Force Of G-Men Composed Of Aecountants. Lawyers
By Arnold Serwar Washington, D. C.—(AGP)—No other body of federal investigators has as rapid a turnover in personnel as does the bureau of investigation of the department of justice. The average period of service for the secret service men, the U. S. post office inspectors, and the narcotic squad of the treasury department is considerably longer than the average period of service among J. Edgar Hoover’s Gr-men. Although Hoover catches them younger, the other services keep them longer. Some observers here say it’s because Hoover’s special agents, being younger, are too ambitious to stay in the depa,rtment and await gradual salary advances arid promotions, when the field of private investigation is so much more remunerative. Otheyd say it’s the work itself that causes the turnover in the. bureau of investigation. At ®ny rate, year after year^ they leave the dfep^rtniei^ lo wilth private <3f6isefiye a^encil^, iiftto the
practice of law, or into other types of public service or into business, The vacancies are filled by competitive examinations fi’om time to
time.
Two Types Of Training „ Hoover uses young m,en with two types of training, accountans, and young men with law degrees. Of a force of 600 G-men, about 200 are accountants, the remainder are lawyers. A-PPhcants successful in ex aginations held in any one of the department’s 37 regiorial offices scattered over the country, come to Washington for a final examination. Successful applicants, if physically fit and of good character, are finally enrolled in a three months training course in the bureau’s school here. On completing the course they are appointed special agents rit salaries ranking from ^2,500 to $3,000 a year. In return for that salairy the
Kreml To Receive Service Award
Franklin M. Kreml, safety specialist of the University Public Service Institute, will receive the distinguished service award of the Chicago Junior Association of Commerce for 1935, according to an announcement from Chicago yesterday, The service award is an annual presentation, given to men between the ages of 21 and 36 in recognition of valuable contributions to civic welfare during the year. Lieutenant Kreml has been granted a year’s leave of absence from his duties as director of the accident prevention bureau of the Evanston police department to carry on safety research here, at the University.
CBS. Compiles Speech Report Editor’s Note—The .following story, distributefKijy C. B. S., is printed because of the diversity of popular, controversial subjects which are presented in the book which is describe. “Talks,” a quarterly digest de signed to preserve a representative group of the speeches, debates and symposiums which are heard over the radio each day, is to be published soon by the Columbia Broad-
casting System.
The first issue, which will be distributed in January, consists of sixty pages and contains nine talks, two symposiums and a debate. Among the famous names represented are those of Bernard Shaw Gilbert E. Chesterton, Admiral Wm. S, Sims, Newton D. Baker and Raymorid Grarri Swing, The first issue of “Talks” consists of the following: “When War Hangs on a Telephone Call,” by Raymond Gram Swing, well-know author, lecturer political analyst and broadcast
news commentator.
“Where Doctors Are Lacking and Why,” by Haven Emerson, M.-D., professor of public health administration in the College of Physicians and Surgeons of New York and former President of the American Public Health Association. “Books That Talk to the Blind,” by Otis W,; Caldwell, Ph.D., L.L.D., a director of the Iristitute of School Experimentation, Columbia University, and Trustee of the American Foundation for the Blind, . (Continued on page 4)
Monday will begin one of the most important weeks in the year of 1936 at the University when the annual Agricultural, Conference opens January 13 and continues until Friday, January 17. Leaders of Indiana agriculture will gather from all parts of the state to witness what is called by several au thorities as “the biggest and best farm conference ever held in the United States”. As many as 6,000 or 7,000 farm people are expected to attend all or part of the conference, according to recent reports of the agricultural staff. Registratiori will open Monday morning in the Memorial Union Building, and the first session Will open in Eliza Fowler Hall at 1:15 p. m. with Pres, Edward C. Elliott presiding, while Frank Watson, head of the housing program here, and Dr. Lillfan M. Gilbreth, engineering consultant at the University, will give the opening addresses. Dr. Gilbreth will speak on “Management Applied to the Farm and Home,” and Mr. Watson will talk on “The Relation of the Purdue Housing Research Project to the
Farm Home”.
Speakers
Many prominent speakers from all parts of the states will travel here to give one or more talks before the Hoosier visitors Who will assemble here to attend Farmer’s Week. Among these men are Dean W. C. Coffey, Minnesota University; Dr. M. L. Mosher, University of Illinois; C. J. Williard, O'hio State University; Dr. 0. E. Baker, of the U. S. D. A.; and others as (Continued from page 1)
Eddie Neihaur and his Casino Modeme band win ftirnish the mn- , sic for those attehdhig the Blanket Hop tonight in the baUrobm of the Memorial Utiion Btiilding. Dancing will begin at 9 o’clock >|md will con-
tinue rintil midnight.
The Blanket Hop, sponsored by Giirilet, Reamers, Gold Peppers said Skull and Clreseent, is the arinusd dance held for the purpose of procuring funds to purchase bls^ets for those men who have participated in major sports for the Uhi-
versity for three years. Drawing Record Crowds
Neihaur and his band have been appearing nightly at the Casino ModCrne in Chicago for several weeks, and it is reported that they have been drawng record crowds since they started plasnng there. Students here, who have heard him broadcast Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday 'night at 1 o’clock, report that he has one of the “sWingiest” hands on the air, and gave assurance that those who attend the Hop tonight will be well pleased. Prior to their appearance at the Casino, the. band appeared at the Wilshore, in Chicago, where they spent the summer months playing
for open air dancing.
Accompanying the band will be the Seattle harmony team, which will carry the majority of the vocal work. This team, along with various members of the band, is well known for its specially numbers. Included in the long list of their numbers is a novel arrangement of “Arinie’s Cousin Fanny”, and the “Darktown Strutters Ball”, the latter of which is given with a Greek
accent.
Tickets may secured for $1.25 at the Union desk or from members of the clubs sponsoring the dance. No complimentary tickets will be given.
Dr. Hoelsclier joins Metallurgy Staff Dr. Arnold P. Hoeischer has recently been appointed assistant professor of metallui*gy in the University school of cheriaical engineering. For the last four years Dr. Hoeischer was head of the metallurgy department at the University of Iowa. He has had considerable practical experience in the malleable iron industry and in testing and research work with the U. S. army at Rock Island arsenal, and holds degrees from Iowa State College. He has also done graduate work at the University of Pittsburgh.
Alpha Lambda Delta Initiates New Groiip Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman scholastic honorary, initiated six new members last night at 6;S0 o’clock in room 2 of the Memorial Union Building. After the initiatibh ceremony a banquet Was held in the pbbsant rooiri. The newly ipi-
Fratemity Presidents Consider Dance Plans
tinted members are: Melen Beko,
young special agent works long Mary Ellen pelaplane, June Denny, houts, Jomps from one cRy to an-i^ Kiikland, (dohtiiined bn page 4) ' stetler, and Jean Soeluier.
Anson Gives Beggar Cigarette; Flees From Crowd Of Arabic Panhandlers
Plans for the annual Fraternity Council’s Bali were briefly discussed last night at the regular meeting of the Fraternity Council at the Pirathon hbuse. Because of the postponement of the marital lecture, the meeting was very short and brief, starting at 6 p. m. and adjourning at 7 o’clock; thus making it posaiWe for the seniors to attend Dr. Elizabeth Strauss' address in the Education Building.
Editor’s Note: An^on Brown, adventuring columnist, continues the narrative of his travels. Still cruising around the Mediterranean but on the final lap of the journey, the S.S. Exiriinster left Cyprus arid her gods and for six days headed due west. She slipped past the island of Crete and onward by Malta, never pausing until on a bright afternoon, she crept around a small island with a castle on a hill and anchored in the tiny harbor at Tabarka, Tunisia. The name was unusual and the village even more sol Located on that tip of north Africa that juts out towards Italy, and a bit indecorous in spots, Tabarka has possibly 900 Arabic inhabitants uiifariailiar with the customs and behavior of the American. The town lay between two low hills and had a post office, a general store, plenty of dilapidated cafes, arid a spaghetti factory. " Cork Cargo TH® Exiriirister stopped there to load a cargo of cork gathered from Africari trees (as well as myriads
of small lizards that stoWawayed in the cork bales). So as soon as the first lighter had unloaded at the side of our freighter, Nelson and X hopped on and. were towCd ashore landing at the loading dock. Native workers in red fezzes were rolling the large bales down the dock into the waiting lighters but paused grinning every tame we turned a camera on them. Sorbe small boys crowded around us begging in their Arabic-Frerieh diblect for ^‘un fume*' which 1 finally interpreted by their gestures meant: cigarette. I pulled forth a pack of Camels and gave one to the near-> est youngster. He broke it in two, buried half ,of it deep in a dirty pocket, and Ht the: remaining haM,, inhaling every drag. Immediately bedlam broke loose. They aM ehambred in one uproar and othefs beats irig the racket from a distance^ were conung to increase the overgrown ranks. The native woHters, watching with much amusement, had practically ceased weaeis(Continued on page 4>
511
I iJr
' 1The Purdue Exponent
tl|)e $uri)iue exponent *935 Member 193^ Cblle^cie Di^st
i.ll
I
Meihber ^ Na««ma> C«rfaesre HW i^»«on. B«r^Tea ^toriaJ ^A(»od ExdmriTdy Reoffesemtoa by National Adveytisingr Service, Ine.
<120 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as s«»nd class matter ai the post office, Lafayette, IndianB, Delivet^ by 00 year * >vn*««»vAiP> S9 RA vkAte vAoW* en1/1 Kv alncrlA-9. AAnrA.
BasincBS Phone 6038
MAIN OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
' ; Daily Student Publication , of .Purdue University.,
BDITORIAI* STAFF > : ........ ....... V. Heu8er
SSsnaging Editor-.. AsBbciste Editon
; ...w............;.........,..C. H. Campbell ...... ....... A. M. Chasteen; C. M. Hardin, Wi T. Hunt, Ei H. Morris. M. Q. Walther . . ■ ... ...N. E. Hays
ABBOciate Sports Editors — R. Wwd Sophomore Assistants ............K. A. Barnette, J, E. Brock, R. L. Cribb, A. H, Forster, C.-Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacbam, CJ. L. Sa^er d. F. Roquemore, R. G. Schenck, J. Xi. VonHarz Bold and Black Editor....— ...W. R. Abbott
Business Manager... Advertising Manager— Advertising AssistantsCiteulation Manager...... Circulation Assistants....
BUSINESS STAFF , . ..... ...i W. A. Koch .; .H. F. Antonini ’. ..U. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller ,... .......... ...; R. J. Hulse .".'.'.'.'..'....'..*....."......u. ...............J. G. Girard, G. R. Shields
■fiilStoT-
WOMEN’S STAFF Joyce Williams
Associate Editors Advertising Manager..—
Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ; ...Josephine Perkins
Friday, January 10,1936.
Issue Editor-—J. E., Brock.' '
Ye Ed is attending a maritkl k ture so weVe got to write the column again. Another clean column without using A.hbott’s name/ WeVe got a big story oil Kellenberger and her stooge, but they threaten serious reprisals. What do you think ? PLASH; SPE’s are (yarning their way thru school on a new racket—doing pallbearer service for a local establishment at two dollars per servicing. “Peewee” Michels is said to be holding out for union wages of. two-fifty — stiff proposition, what?,;
Can Yon Drive A Car?
Courses in automobile driving have recently been added to the history, economics, mathematics, physics, English, and languages comprising the freshman year curficulurii at several high schools in Akron, Ohio. Students are to be taught the use of the car, the responsibility of the driver, factors that lead to accidents, traffic laws, and the proper attitude of mind of the driver. School authorities of Akron have chosen a most opportune time to teach such a course. Fourteen to sixteen year old boys and girls are just beginning to think seriously about driving automobiles. If these youngsters can be taught courtesy, consideration for others, and respect for traffic regulations, it will advance Akron a long way toward reducing the toll of accidents in that city. The schools use a printed leaflet published by the American Automobile Association and mimeographed sheets prepared by the schools. The course is part of the regular Civics course and is compulsory. Police and traffic officials throughout the country have applauded the course of the Akron school authorities, believing education the only solution to the problem of an increasing accident toll. Here is a chance for Lafayette, West Lafayette, and Indiana school authorities to pave the way to a state^wide “no-accident” goal iii the future.—E. H. M.
READERS' OPINION . The Exponent welcomes comments of good ieste end reesoneble length from its readers^ Typewritten articles are preferred.
To the Editor:
And now some more hours are to be put on the shoulders of the veterans of the 20 hour load schedule in the Home Eco nomics school. Practice house! The very name sends shivers up and down one’s spine. For the information of the readers who are not in the Home Ec. school, practice house is a six weeks’ course given heretofore only to aspiring teachers. It is said that the experience this course will give the student will be invaluable—experience in dusting base hoards! Perhaps the faculty does not realize that any student really desiring experience in that sort of thing doesn’t have to go to college for it. If she is really eager to learn the technique of dusting base boards (I am taking the liberty of using this duty used in the practice house as an example) she will take the opportunity to learn while at home, when the time at her disposal is not so limited. Perhaps there is mbre than one reason for not taking a teacher’s course for some people. However, if I may use myself as an example-r—my one main reason for not taking it as a major—besides hot wanting to be a teacher particularly—^was that I did not want to live in the practice house. Aside from this the teacher’s course is a good all round course for any Home Ec. student. We pay house bills—and have no tiresome duties to do. Why should we take ah additional course—living in a place that we don’t want to—doing duties and tasks in addition to the courses which take all our time now? What chance do we have to take some of the electives which we want and to take something Which is irksome and undesirable? Electives which really interest us would do us a world more good. We wish the faculty would consider the fact that we made our decision on a certain major because we wanted to take the courses offered in that line. We think it is unfair to add to the required courses in that major now—after our decision has been made.—Junior Co-ed.
Love is still finding its way—Now we hear that Peggy Hiner and ex-Beta twin Shanklin are preparing for the rice dinner sonaetime in the spring. Theta Kelsay went Theta way and took back her bejeweled badge. Then Dottie Test is wearing a diamond, too. There is a rumor abroad that there is still one unattached Theta running around, but
if we find her—
■ TO. A WILD FLOWER . .. They called her gay. This girl called Kay;
This loving bay
With charming way. He loved her grasp. Her passioned gasp. Her heartfelt sighs, . , -
Her lovely thighs. He was a brute. This filthy . coot.
She. was, of course, . An iceman’s horse. We congratulate Dottie Kuehn, who finally has discovered that certain guy hereabouts is a heel, and has thrown him over for a re-
spectable man.
“It Seems To Me” Heywood Broun has proved beyond possibility of Argument that if a man is good enough he can turn put a rehiarkably •wefl -w^ poMihh every day; ‘Tt: SeeihA To Me’V is a collection of bile htlndred and five of Mr* Brpun’s columns, written in the years between 19251936* These, exCerpts, ^keh almost entirely from his coiumnS appearing in “The New York World-Tele-gram” were written, according to his own statemeht, for “quick release and short life”. Of the complete array, the column most appealing to us was the one entitled “Better A Millstone”. Herein, in an especially enlightening sentence, he remarks, “Hell is not paved with, good intentions hut with wisecracks.” No w;ords can express the joy with which we wel-. corned a reply to the eternal pest who says, “Laugh it off”. If only a framed copy could be given to all such nuisances, this world would be a much more peaceful place. Mr. Broun presents a strong case for the man who takes life as something besides one lohg, loud laugh. In fact he even advocates that “Keep-Off-That-Silly-Grin Month” replace the national Laugh Week.
E.M. Watson Describes New High Speed Camera E. M. Watson, E. E. ’26, discussed the results of his researches with a high speed camera developed by him in a lecture delivered Monday to the Physics Seminar group. During the past year, Watson has done much in perfecting a technique for successful high speed photography in his work in the lamp development laboratory of the General Electric Company at Nela Park, Cleveland. His camera takes a maxinium of 2,000 pictures a second, and when the film is shown at a slower rate,
phenomena Occurring ' almost instantaneously may be anayzed in detail. It has been used in a wide variety of studies including the operation ' of machine tools, circuit breakers, arcs, incandescent and photo-flash damps, and human muscular reactions.
PHOTOS Enlargements 25c
him
. and now Singing Josie calls ‘Little Colonel.”
TODAY - SATUBDAY JUNE COLUYEK JOHN MILJAN “The Gh^t Walks”" HOOT GIBSON in “LOCAL BAD MAN” “ADVENTURES OP BEX AND RINTY”
‘An Undelivered Address” from the “World-Telegram” in June, 1933, indulges the author’s whim; he writes the Commencement speech he’s never given and will never be asked to give. He foresees two tragedies which may overtake the young hopefuls; “he naay come to utter failure befere. he is able to endure it or by some miracle he may strike sudden and unexpected success.” Furthermore, Broun advocates that the college man retain his collegiate ideals and attempt to make the world learn from him. Strikingly different in attitude from the usual adult answer to the college graduate’s problem, Mr. Broun finds a response in our heart.
UMA TODAY - TOMORROW 2 BIG FEATURES J@.E . PAOL kELLY CHARLES^'CHiC’’ SALE
TODAY - TOMORROV
KEN
Pins TAILSPIN TOMMY in the “Great Air Mystery’
TODAY - TOMORROW Joan iiondelS
Extra EL BRENDEL COMEDY
Throughout the pages we found ourself nodding in agreement and smirking at the presentation of some our pet but well concealed beliefs. Mr. Brouh’s apt and intelligent commentaries on domestic and world affairs paint a living picture of the news. He writes of the obscure human interest items that appear frequently, and his portrayal outlines them with the deft strokes of La Gatta.
Patrenize Exponent Advertisers
We suggest to the “Junior Cbeff writing to the left of us that she might try flapjack flipping for a while if she tires of diaper-duty at the practice house. We never cared too much for these career women anyhoo,
The refreshing viewpbint, disregard of the generally accepted, and! the well turned paragraphs, make “It Seems To Me” easily one of the most appealing books we’ve read in some days.—H. L. C.
<5=^0,
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Gutting Alul Poor Grades (The Daily Illiiii) The survey of the effect of cutting on grades just released by David M. Larrabee, assistant to the dean of men, is revealing. It shows that 71 per cent of the habitual cutters received grades lower than passing. Such statistics are revealing, but they might be misleading. They are revealing because they prove so conclusively that cutting class is definitely linked with grades despite the liberality of the teacher. Only a very small percentage of the cutters knew how to study outside of class and how to make up work and cram for examinations. The others were just wasting their time in the University. The figures might be misleading if the reader took the attitude that such a state of affairs is an indictment of the present non-compulsory-attendance system. For those 434 students who were habitual cutters there were 8,500 odd students who did not abuse the system. They undoubtedly benefited from their freedom and some of them who might have been “sacked” under the old system received high grades and were able to do more for the University outside of their classes. Most of the habitual cutters would have been cutters under any system and those who wouldn’t be, probably learned a valuable lesson in will power. The system is wise, the individuals are not.
—and after. And then there was the little chick who cried out when mamma hen rolled an orange out of the nest, “Looky what marmalade”. Speaker’s been awfully insistent lately that she has put Apollo’s picture in the bottom drawer, face down; but he ain’t aworrying none —love does funny things. Yesterday’s request for dirt about the writers of this column is hereby withdrawn. You can’t expect the impossible, even with imagination. We hear that Sig Ep Berlien has exchanged pins with a Pifi. ‘T shot an arrow into , the air-r-” Tonight’s the big Blanket Hopno comps. Somebody is either telling an awful fib, or the PA A is get' ting addle-pated.. Why does Martenet eat with an^ other man in the Union, while pin passing Albaugk sits with steno Daily? Good luck, Fritzie. Hope you can convince somebody that you really are ; ready for some enterprising male. —lihp&llib
UNIVERSITY CALENDAR
Today, - Agronomy Seminar, Ag Hall, in room 201, 4 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club social hour. Memorial Union Building, 7 p. m. Conference on Safety, all day; problems of the driver, room 254, Electrical Engineering Building, Blanket Hop, Memorial Union ballroom, 9 p. m. Tomorrow Basketball—Purdue vs. Chicago, there. Mixer, Orval Wray’s orchestra, Memorial Union Building, 9 p. m. Monday Basketball—Purdue vs. Michigan, Jefferson high school gym, 7:30 p. m. Convocation—-St. Louis Symphony orchestra. Memorial Gym. Ag Conference, all day; registration in morning in Union.
WATCH REPAIRING Main Spring,-Jewels, Cleaning $1.00 up. All Work Guaranteed One Year HERB SIMS 223 Main St. Lafayette
The thinkingr fellow calls A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Caw for Special Occasions 26c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHONES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
Robert Heider, C. E. ’36, has accepted an engineering position with the Indiana state planning board at Indianapolis.
□
mohic
IINTING
fta§SB Sodnt He.
;2^®S8 camels 40®
FIRE was raging through a Virginia village at midnight. A telephone workman sped there from, his home... found thecentral office in danger. Relieving the girl operator, he handled all calls... smnmoned help from nearby towns ... ’til, buildings on both sides collapsed and the telephone building caught fire. Quickly he disconnected the small switchboard... moved it to safety... improvised a telephone station in a field. In 20 minutes ho re-established communication. Next morning, the rescued switchboard was installed in new quarters ... telephone service was resumed as usual. That telephone man received the Vail Medal... one of , several awarded each year to Beli System' employees for outstanding public service. Devotion to duty , . . day by day as well as in emergencies .. . has given ^ America the world’s finest telephone system.Reserved seat tickets for Purdue’s opening home game of the Big Ten Season against Michigan Monday night in the Jefferson high sd&ool gysmiasium are moving at a brisk rate, according to a checkup ■ niade last hi^t at tbe waridhs sales agencies. The originalv, block of tickets at ■becker’s Tvas ekbaust^d yesterday afternoon aiid a second allcltihent of seats was to be placed oh sale this morning. Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette and the tlniyersity ticket office all likewise report ed a brisk movement of the ducats. With the influx of several thousand visitors to the University op Monday morning for the annual agricultural conference, an abnormal demand for seats is expected to de velop, and all local .fans were advised by Ticket Manager C. Si Doan to make their purchases by tomorrow in ordgr to assure themselves of good seats.
Orval Wray Will Play For Mixer Tomorrow
Orval Wray and his popular campus orchestra will furnish the music for the regular weekly mixer in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow evening, according to an announcement by Union officials last night. The regular admission price of one dollar will
be charged.
The band will feature the “Music Goes ’Round And ’Round” novelty which was broadcast on the luncheon dance program from the Union cafeteria yesterday. Vocalists with the orchestra include Jo Friend, Bud Bryant, and Pat Haywood.
Seven members of the Williams College football team are on the dean’s list of high ranking scholars
Committees for dance, which will be held on March 20, were chosen at a meeting of the group yesterday afternoon in the tower^room of the Memorial Union
Building^
The various,committees and the members are as follows: band-^ Evelyn Kellenbergeri chairman, Lillian Peterson, Rosemary Hoefer; tickets—Mary Ann Phillips, chairman, Ruth Maier, Jo Perkins; campus advei^timng^Cather ;Claiicey chairmany Helen Ball, Kat^^ Dunwoody; decorations — Eileen Lamb, chairman, Mary^'^R^ Ian, Margaret Stradling, Virginia Gobble, Mary Louise Lustig; pub-licity-^oyce Williams an(J Mary Luxton. Pledges tb the organization ■mil be announced at this
dance.','■ .
VernoFj Daveniiort Elected GaptaiiiB P. H. Vernor, of Rockford, 111 has been elected captain pf the Boilermaker swimming team,' and R, B. Davenport, of Indianapolis, captain of the Boilermaker water polo squad, it was announced yesterday following a meeting of tha
lettermen.
Verhbr, a junior in the school of mechanical engineering, is an outstanding free style dash star, while Davenport, the new pilot of the Water polo squad, is a fancy diver on the swimming squad as well as being a mainstay 6f the polo combination. Davenport is a senior in the school of physical education. The swimmers and water poloists will open their season’s schedules this week-end, meeting DePauw at Greeneastle today and the Hoosier Athletic club at Indianapolis tomorrow.
Knockouts ThrillFans
Winners Will Comprise University Golden Gloves Team
R, C. EISENBACH Jeweler amd Optometrist 504 Maim Street
Co-ed Volleyball Results In the co-ed intramural volleyball games yesterday afternoon. Ward 2 defeated Alpha Xi Delta, 36-23; Ghi Omega defeated Alpha Chi Omega, 19-13; Pi Beta Phi won from the Women’s Residence Hall, 37-8; and Ward 4 nosed out Ward
!■ 28-23.
Drink Milk for .More Energy CfflH JOHNSON Phone
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
IJnioiv dairy
to a Good Start
• Stop in at the Arrow haberdashery and get the pick of the lot. Ask to see these popular new Arrow shirts;— —The Hunt—Buttoit'down wide-spread collar. White and fancy patterns— .$2 up •■■■^Pembroke—Carniy stripes in button-down or plain collar--.,—-—-———$2.50 > Waies Tar—a newly designed Arrow tab in white and British stripes-—______—-$2 up *'■" * CHAtHani'—Button-doum oxford, in white and fancy patterns—$2 up
SHIRTS and TIES
FOLLOW ARROW AND YOU FOLLOW THE STYLE
Punches aptehty^; a kndckbut and a technical K. O. marked the final round qf Uie Uurdue Goldbh: GRt^s tbu3fney, held last night in: Meihb-? rial Gymnashirri bi^pre a crowd of appibximately 200 persons, A vastly improved group of boxers were presented for the approval of the spectators. Apparently Coach Maxwell and his charges have put in a lot of hard work since the opening bouts Which Were held before the holidays. The student representation was also greatly in-
creased.
Markey Wins
The fireworks began with the opening bout in which Marked was the victor over Steelman by a knockout early in the second round. Markey threw a flock of wild punches in the first round but apparently was doing little damage. In the second round he once more carried the fight to his opponent. Finally a sweeping left hook landed on Steelman’s jaw and he dropped to the canvas. He attempted to rise on the referee’s count of nine but toppled to the canvas and was counted out. Both boys received a good hand from the crowd. Mann and Byrne fought evenly in the first two rounds but Mann got the edge in the last to get the decision. Both boys started off fast and leather filled the air. Each series of punches was followed by a clinch and then the cycle began anew. There was a noticeable slack ening of the pace in the second as the boys conserved their strength. In one flurry Byrne was snowed under by Mann but finally man aged to get one loose that floored his opponent. Mann elected to stay down util the eighth count although it was apparent he could have come up after the first. Mann took the third to get the decision.
Long-Kundtz
Kundtz was substituted for Ros enburg, who was forced to withdraw, as Long’s opponent. Long, with his overhand punch soon began to tell on his opponent. Kundtz seemed to be unable to cover up but was apparently perfectly willing to absorb all Long might give I^j the third round the bout was called by the referee and the decision went to Long. Kundtz was bleeding freely and the officials deemed it fitting to stop the fight. Dix and DeMunbrun, although classed at 136, were apparently hpdly equal contestants. DeMunbrun had a decided advantage over his opponent both in height and reach. Dix was shorter and of a stockier build. Dix punched hard and fast and succeeded in, getting under his opponent’s guard several times. In the second, DeTMunbnm changed his tactics from defensive to offensive and did quite a bit of punching while keeping Dix away by virtue of his reach. Jn the third round Dix came back hard and fast, taking the round and the decision for the bout. Louis Gets Decision . The fifth bout, between Smith and Louis, found two more cpntesix ants hardly equally matched. Smith having the advantage of height and reach. In the first round Smith apparently was content with keeping Louis away with his left and did very little punching. In the second Louis carried the fight to Smith and , managed tb hammer down his guard. Smith apparently was unablb to cope with the situation and received many blows tb the face. Louis went in, willing to take a few punches in order to hand out a few. The flurry of the first two rounds began to tell in the third and both boys were willing to finish up sparring with plenty of clinches. Louis was the choice of
the judges.
Willie Giles, of the same dusky hue as the famous Jqe Lbuis, came out in the sixth bout like a whirling pin-wheel and laid a barrage of leather down around his lankier opponent, Lidguard, which kept him back against the ropes. After the protechriics of the first few secondb had died aw|ay Giles kept hammering his opponent steadily until the bell brought the round to
a close.
The [Second round found Giles crouching low and keeping a bothersome left in Lidguard’s face most of the time. This round, like the first, was filled with action. Giles, much shorter than his opponent, used submarine tactics to attack the red-haired Lidguard. In the third Giles began to slow down but still managed to keep out of the y^y of ahj^ing ■ jLidguhrd might offeri The decision was given in favor of the colored boy. Bacharach vras awar^d the dbcisibn against Kinuhel in the sbyent^ bbutr Both boys seemeff^ ffi to ciinch overlong and the breaking whs anything but clean; Tffie bbut was more in the nature of a grudge fight and both boys did plenty of wild slugging. Bacbarach seemed to have the edge over his opponent in each round aiid received the
judges’ decision. Exhibition Bout
The eighth round was a heavyweight exhibition bout/between MeShane, jaghtihg in the place of Sau defur, and Record. Characteristic of any exhibition bout, the slugging wasn’t predominant and the bout lacked the; fire of those preceding it. No decision was made. Giovanni, who was to have fought Sink in the ninth bout. Won by forfeit since Sink didn’t show up for
the event.
The tenth and final bout between Burks and Holland, was won by the former. Holland seemed unable to get through Burks’ guard with any damaging blows although he did plenty of punching. Burks apparently had things his way and carried his Opponent through the
final round.
According to members of Reamer club, athletic booster society in charge of the fights, there will be ah attempt to organize a school team from the contestants who turned put for the sport. While no definite plans have been made as yet there seems to be little hindering the idea at present. Student interest, hithertofore sadly lacking, is expected to be revived if the sport becomes a regular varsity participation with possibly matches made with other schools in the Big Ten conference having boxing
teams.
*
Today
Court 1, Scrivnor 7:00—K Kappa Phi vs. Phi Kappa
Sigma.
7:16—Ward 17 vs. Ward 4. 8:26—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Del-
ta Theta.
8:40—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Court 2, Salisbury 7:00—'Ward 13 vs. Ward 8. 7:16—Theta Tau vs. Tau Kappa
EpMlbh.
8:26-^Del1^ UpMloh vs. Phi Sigma
Kapjpa;;; ^;';',".' r Court 3, Abell
7:00—-Alpha -Kappa Lainb^
Triangle.
'r:i6^^rd 1 VH.:W^d 1-X; 8:2&--^ard 44 ys, W^^^ 8:40---Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Sigma Lambda.
\
Track Slen Sto^^ Preparatioii For Indoor S^ediile
Indoor practice heralds the beginning of preparations for the indoor track season which will begin some time in February, Losses by graduation and lack of proper training facilities are expected to be a severe handicap for Coach Orval Martin’s men. In past years, distance men have worked dpt on the track around Stuart Field, but work on the new Adniinistration Building has prevented them from using this track. Dash men and men participating in field events are further handicapped by the reconditioning of the Armory floor. Despite the obstacles presented, Martin hopes to turn out a good team. Co-captains Moore and Glendenning are, especially desirous of turning in a good season to make up for the defeats suffered by the cross-country squad last fall. Returning lettermen besides the co-captains are Ed Bluemel, A. E. Williamson, L; Janos, Bob Vaugh-ari-Catt, Colby Reed and Jack Shideler. Several minor lettermen and promising sophoniores are expected to aid the team in Hie scoring column. The complete schedule of meets will be announced isoon.
Senior Athletes Partiei* paling For Third Year To Gel Blankets Approkimately thir^-one senior lettermen will receive blanket Awards this year, aceording: to a tentative list released from the athletic director’s offilce last night. Funds to purchase the awards will be raised tonight at the annual Blanket Hop, and the blAnkets be presented some time n€^ semes-
ter.-'
The awards will go to those mmi who hAve participated in any of the major sports for three years. This includes football, basketball^ baseball, track, tennis, golf, fencing, swinuning, water polo, squash arid pistol. Neibaur To Play •Eddie Neibaur and his twelvepiece orchestra will furnish the syrieppatiori for the Hop tonight, and will be assisted by Neibaur’s Seattle harmony team. Gimlet, Reamers, Gold Peppers arid SkuR and
■'.iV'r!
Crescent, sports booster and activities honoraries, are sponsoring the affair. The tentative list of those who will receive blankets is as follows: Football—E. E.: Blume, L. E. Dailey, G. E. Denriis, D. H, East, T. T. Pehring, H. P. Guirl, P. J, Loebs, C. P. Reed, R. W. Sandefnr, E, J. Skoronski, R. W. VaughanCatt, F. J. Voss. Basketball—rEd Elliott, R. L. Kessler, E. A. Lambert. Baseball—L. Dailey, Track—L. L. Glendenning, C. E. Moore, L. Janos. Tennis—R. P. Nikolich, R. Tzucker. ■ - ' ■. Golf—H. B. Brewer, K. H, Dobelbower. Swimming—R. B. Davenport, Water Polo—R. B. Davenport. Fendng-R. S. Blocker, J. H. Silverman. Squash—J. W. Noll, R. C. Ulrey. Pistol-r-R. P. Cissell, C. O. Grannis, L. Janos.
S®ciety Holds MoBtMy Meetiiig Members of the Thomas Say Entomological Society held their regular monthly meeting in Agricultural Hall last night. Mr. Packard, Mr. Walters, Mr. Gould, Mr. LaHue, and Mr. Deay revued and discussed some of the papers that were presented at the convention of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in St. Louis, from which they have just recently returned. Following the reports an. open discussion was held on ways and mearis of combating and destroying insects.
Pistol Practice Delayed Captain W. L. Kay, of the University military department and coach of the pistol team, reteently announced that pistol practice that was discontinued before the holidays, will not be resumed until after examination : week. At that time the survivers of the first cut will be announced.
Members of the Southern Methodist frosh teairi planned to ride to the Rose Bowl game iri two chartered box cars. Railroad officials demurred.
■ de:ac ;; HAS EVERYTHING for a 8 COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the Mrrzi SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. KlSk' BOBSUT e. BISK HABOLB J. BISK - LUTHBB A. BISK 4QO Schulte Bids. BImmm $m . Conies' 4tli •nd Haln
or your
PURDUE GUESTS
Treat them to Purdue’s exclusive Chestnut Room. They will be thrilled with the soft gleam of the candlelight, soft colors of fine furnishings, and the simplicity and dignity of the entire room. A large selection of tempting foods always leave that satisfied feeling of complete contentment. After leaving, your guests,will be sure to say, ”What a pleasant hour we have spenti” :■ -f-
on the Main Ftoor
4' IvW" ■ i H ,
■jMiiiiSiiiiiii
TYPEWRITERS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph #ork dune. C. P. Ebershoff, eog llain St. I^one 2779.
Blames Depression For Lower Grade Standards
Ghamberlain-s special for this week—Pecan Crunch and ISfew York. Order it—it’s delicious.
Room for Rent--Furnished, single—$10; double—$12 per month. 112 SyMa St. Phone 4404.
Chamberlain’s special for this week—Pecan Crunch and New York—Order it—it’s delicious.
For Rent—^Two room furnished apartment for light-hohsekeeping with bath, electricity, heat, water. West Side. Phone 61724.
Fot Rent—Next semester. Modern room near caimpus and village. 107 Chauncey Ave.
Wanted—Roommate for student. Modern room, private entrance. Mrs. J. F. Brownell, 238 S. Grant Street,
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Trackmen—Men desiring to try for varsity indoor track r^ort to room 104 of the Armory at 4 today. —McCOLLOUM.
CramopoUtan Club-rMeeting at 7 in the peasant room of- Union. All co-eds interested are invited to attend. The meeting ■will be a social hour. All of ,the members are requested to attend. —FUTOOHEE.
Co-ed Volleyball—^Today at 4 in the large gym: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Pi Beta Phi; 4:30, Ward 4 vs. W. B. H. In the small gym: 4, Ward 2 vs. Ward 3:4:30, Alpha Chi Omega vs. Alpha Xi Deltas
Condition Exam in Chemistry 2—^Will be given tomorrow at 2 in room 101, Education Building. —TEST.
Contract Awarded For Fourtli House'
A construction contract has been let for the fourth house to be erected by the Purdue Housing Re search Project in what has been called the “test tube village,” just west of the campus. The contract hks been given to The Consolidated Construction Company, Summerville, Ohio, on a bid of $4,992. This house Will be constructed of steel wall, partitions and roof units, so constructed that cellular units are formed which are filled with insulation. The house will be one story and will include a living room, small dining room, kitchen, garage, heater room, three bed rooms and one bath. I Construction of this house, according to Frank Watson, Director of the Housing Research Project, will be started immediately. This h^use is one 6f nine being built bore for study of various building materials and construction methods. Other houses are being built ofi wood, brick, reinforced concrete, concrete blocks, steel frame and wood frame, stucco covered. No house in the project will cost more than $5,000 and all will accommodate a family of two adults and two or moi’e children.
New York—(NSFA)—In his annual report, Frank Bowles, acting director of admissions at Columbia IlhiVefsity,. pointed put tlhit during the deiSi^ssibu -many: leges ha.d lowered their sbhplastic standards and had :adoptedi imsbund methods to attract stUdbhts. In ah attempt to inaintaih ehrollinent figures, he said, these institutions have made college entrance too easy, fesulting in the (Recline of the value of a college degree. “There have been two methods of altering ehtrance requirements,” Mr. Bowles explained. “One, usually adopted without public a.rinounce-i' meht, has been to drop the qualitative admission requirements. By 1930 many well established colleges had reached the point where they refused to accept students who stood in the bottom quarter of their secondary school class. Condition Not Maintained “This condition, hoWeVer, could be maintained only as long as there was a sufficient number of applicants with good secondary school records to keep the enrollments up to pre-depression figures. As soon as economic conditions made it impossible for many to continue their education and forced others to enter tax-supported instead of private institutions, there arose an immediate pressure to admit students who would formerly have been rejected. Naturally many colleges yielded to this pressure, and naturally the quality of their students suffered. “The other and more widely publicized forni of ‘liberalization’ of entrance requirements was to drop all specific requirements except, perhaps, four years Of English, and to place emphasis pn the ability to do one thing well. “It is difficult to see how a college can avoid lowering the value of its degree if the entrance requirements are thus altered. It may be argued that high-quality students will continue to take the nor mal college entrance program, regardless of college entrance re quirements, but if such is the case, there is reason to wonder Why it is necessary to change the entrance requirements.” Another fault Mr. Bowles said, was that scholarships and loans have become numerous, that the secondary-school graduate has come to consider financial assistance as his inalienable right, regardless of his abilities or necessities. There are some cases where the really able and outstanding student re ceives so many offers of scholarship that he can play one institution off against another and bar gain for a larger award.
(Coiitiiitied bp page 4), <> well as auch ffien as Prqs. E. C. Elliott, Dean J. H. Skinner,' Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, and-Prof. F. G. King, head of animal husbandry department, and others of the University staff. Monday evening a livestock show and stunts will form entertainment in the pavilion at the University farm. Tuesday evening will be the annual “Stunt Night” held in the JeffierSon high school ^^ttihaisififfi^ while Wednesday night the University ;0oncert Choir -vyill give a coii’^ cert in Fowlor Hall followed - by movies of the European farm situation. The finUl night session will be held Thursday, and after the eve^ ning banquets all will .adjourn tO Fowler Hall to hear Bartori Rees Pouge, of Indiana University, talk On “The Lifter of Laughter” and also to hear the Swiss Singers from Berne sing “The Winner Chords”, following Mr. Pouge’s address.
J. EDGAR HOOVER— (Continued from page 1) other, and follows his instructions to the letter. Carrying out orders Often entails various kinds of unpleasantness. One assignment many agents dread is any case having to do With the white slave traffic. They’d sooner be on the firing line than go through the undercover routine often necessary to locate the organizer of the traffic in a particular locality. The word “undercover” is particularly apt here. Nice Work It’s nice work for rolling stones though. You never know where the department will tell you to roll to next, and how long they’ll keep you there. Married men in the service have a particularly hard time of it for this reason. Their families live with their baks always packed and a railroad timetable handy. One young agent, who had been making plans to get home, was a^:; signed to a difficult case in a midwestern city, that kept him on the job for six months without a break. All he had to dp was to play the saxaphone. A criminal wanted by the bureau, the G-man’s superior learned, was eventually going to put in an appearance at a certain night club. It seems he always dropped in at that club whenever he got back to town. The G-man, who had played the saxaphone in college bands, was ordered to get into the night club orchestra by hook or by crook. After playing in several other bands the agent finally heard of a vacancy in the club’s orchestra, applied for it and got the job. He Plays And Plays For six months he played “Dinah”, “Tiger Rag” and other current melodies, and Searched the crowds dancing by for a glimpse of
the itiaan h^e’d been, sent out to spot. And one night he saw his man. At the first opl»ovtunity he telephoned hib chief and the G-men dame down and picked up their man without any tTouble. The saxaphone-playing G-man’s thoughts promptly turned homeward. He discovered to hiS disgust that he was orderO to keep his job in "the orchestra for another few weeks before quitting, so as to avoid casting suspicion upon himself as being in any way connected with the picking up of the man the department had been after. If ^uhre cphtemplating; applyi^ for a job ab a spebiai don’t Vrofry much about getting shot. Hi the past 16 years only about a lialf dozen men have been killed in the line of duty. In the ■ saine petipd a great mahy mOre ypufig men were killed playing foPtball. Which brings to mind the fact; by the way, that if youVe got all the other qualifications to become a special agent, you have, a better chance for an appointment if you happen to be an athletp. Hoover has a predilection toward them as additions to his force.
bage heap. Through all thib vre ran, thence down a side street and into pharmacy where, much to our Surprise^ we found an Englishman, the owner and. operator of the store. He didn’t seem much amused at our experience but talked us into buying a bottle of salts. Once more we paid for our safety in "ifabarka. We next asked him what there was of interest to lie seen in Tabarka and he told us Of the Spaghetti factory three squares down the street and bid us a fond cheerio as we exited from his back door carrying our bottle of salts. Yes, we were awfully gullible, but gee it was fun . . .
In connection with the Agricul- > ;
ture Conference, the annual state 4-H Com Club Show will be hel4 ■ !' January 13 to 17 in the Memorial Union Building. The show, which is
sponsored by the Indianh Corn
:lll
Growers’ Association in connection with the adult corn show, is in charge of W. R. Amick;, of the 4-H club staff. One hundred entries are expected in single and ten ear classes; thirty-six dollars in premium money and 144 ribbons will
be given.
CoHiinlttee Makes Plans For Settlement House
The sophomore “Vigiliance Com" mittee” of Dickinson College, Carlisle, Pa., was run out of existence by, freshmen this year..
In Order to make plans for the coming semester, members of the Settlement House committee of Y. W- C. A. met at 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon in the Y. W. C. A. office. Mary Alexander, Jean Brown, Nota Misner, and Helen Converse were chosen as chairmen of the different interest groups. In addition tp organizing the work for next semester, a record of the work accomplished during the past semester was made.
ANSONBROWN— (Continued from page 1) ing and the dock was fast overcrowding Avith kids. One cigarette had caused a recess in the loading of our ship so Nelson and I picked up our cameras and dodged through cork bales and on up the simple main street of the village followed by a youthful army screaming “fume I fumel” We took refuge in the first cafe We came to, taking pur stand behind the raging fat proprietor while he drove away the now laughing army of youngsters and succeeded in bolting the door against their onslaught. “Que diserez vous monsiers ?” “Beer!’’ we shouted at him above the clamoring at the door and settled down on worn benches before a plain wooden table. He filled our orders with an imported Maltese beverage, clear and cool, and we didn’t even go through the customary bickering when he charges us 10 francs (70 cents) for we were also in a haven of safety. So we thought. Just as We had finished our drinks the bolt on the door gave way and in poured the now swollen army yelling and whooping. The bartender threw a fit. He ranted and raved and beat their heads with a dish towel while Nelsqn and I dashed through the only other door into a back room. One more door opened to the free-
CBS ^ COMPILES-^ (Continued ftqnqi pa^e i) “Current Affaits and ;Ra.cpbn Coats,by Jonathan B* Bingham, chairman of the “Yale Daily News.” “Endrocine Factors in Personal--ity,” by R. G. Hosikins, ;M.D., director of Research, Memorial Founda.tion of Neuro-Endrocine Research, Harvard Medical ■ School. “Feeding a Newspaper Column,” by Paul Yawitz, who until recently conducted a column for the New York Daily Mirror. “Our Storie-Peltea Planet,’’ by H. H. Nininger, secretary of the Society for Research on Meteorites. “How Can We Stay' Out of War ?” a symposium engaged in by Admiral Wm. S. Sims, Admiral Wm. V. Pratt and Secretary of War Newton D. Baker. “If I Were a Christian,” by Barnett R. Brickner, Ph.D,, Rabbi of Euclid Avenue Temple, Cleveland, Ohio. “Shall We Have Government Monopoly in Armaments?” a debate between Columbia and Oxford Universities. “Mormon Ideas of Home,” by Elder Stephen ,L. Richards, one of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles Of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints. “Freedom,” a British symposium engaged in by GeOrge Bernard Shaw, Sir Ernest J. P. Benn, G.B.E., Gilbert K. Chesterton and The Rt. Hon, Herbert S. Morrison, M.P. All of these speeches were delivered over the Columbia Broadcasting System network during 1936. Succeeding issues will be devoted to addresses of the preceding quarter.
SAFETY GROUP— (Continued from page 1) Surety Underwriters, of New York. Henry W. Marshall, local publisher, will preside at the session. ■. ^■vRqund'Table Discussion^ J. S. Baker, secretary of the committee oh the driver of the Nationai Safety Gouhcil, Chicago, will leadi a round table discussion oh safety legislation and th| drivers’ license law at a luncheon* at noon. Two demonstrations will feature the closing program this afternooh, Dr. : Herman Heise, toxicologist of Columbia hospital, Milwaukee, Wis., will be in charge of an actual demonstration of the effects of alcohol on driving ability. While George W. Barton, director of safety and traffic engineering of the Chicago Motor club, will demonstrate the latest types of drivers’ tests which make it possible to definitely discover driver deficiencies.
ALLSPAW BAEBER & BEAUTY SHOPPE
Shampoo and Finger Wave! .60c . 327 State St. and on Pierce St. Dial 2067
Tfie New 1936 Plyisioiitfi
1
FOR A CAB.
is now on display at the
1
ta flKITY
Walter L. Gray Go, 6th & Columbia Lafayette, Ind.
BlalSMl
1
WATCH FOR THE BLACK CAB
NYU has dropped its three-year pre-med course.
Keep^iiii in 1936 with Korty’s Better Coals
*One Picture Tells as Much as Ten Titousand Words^
Shutters dids ... flashlights flare . . . Gameramen are '‘Jdhony on the spe^ whearever and wh^aever anything >' ai interest to the oollege student happens
bring you best d . in additioiri te) numeroirs i^llegiate fecitures^oppearing exduKively in Collegiale
Winter Da^s AheadI
be jirepared
Piiene 4028 New Crop PECANS