/V
Only 42 More Until School
Founded In 1889
Z-185
Daily Since 1906
Volume 5« No. 16
Friday/August 1. 1041
AXP/KAT, ChiO'sTop Scholars All-Student Average Is 3.88; Tau Beta Pi, Phi Lambda UpsiIon First Alpha Chi Rho with a 4.45 «index topped all social fraternities for scholarship honors for the second semester of the 1940-41 school year, statistics released recently by Dean Fisher’s office show. Chi Omega and Kappa Alpha Theta were tied with indices of 4.27 for leadership among the eight national sororities on campus. 3.88 was the all-student aver-
age.
As usual fraternity groups led independent students in scholarship rankings. However fraternity indices are computed without including uninitiated freshmen, while independent ratings do include freshmen. Tau Beta Pi, ali-engineering honorary, shared first raniting with 6.21 among the honoraries with Phi Lambda Upsilon, chemical fraternity. Oliver Perkins Terry house led the Cary Hall groups with a 3.99 index, while Wood Hall rated number one among the women’s j?esidehce halls. Otter-^Be-In led the women’s house clubs, and Citadel and Rochdale House topped all men’s house clubs. Following is the complete list of organization with their rankings and indices: I. National Social FraternitieB
Acacia
Delta Tau Delta
l^ppa Sigma L/arabda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Theta. Phi Gamma Delta..—- -. Phi Kappa ■ Phi Kappa Psi— Phi Ka{>pa Sigma.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon.. ' Sigma Alpha Mu..’... Sigma Chi :.
Sigma Nu
Sigma Phi Epsilonr..... Sigma Pi ^ Tau Epsilon Phi Tau Kappa EpsilonTheta Chi Theta Tau Theta Xi Triangle
H. Sojroritiea
Alpha Chi Omega 4,21
Average
Group
Standing
Rank
. .. 4.03
9-10
.... 4.46
1
....4.28
8
.... 4.10
7
.... 4.17
6
.... 8.74
80
.... 4,16 ,
6
.... 3.87
21
....3.82
26-27
.... 3.98
17
.... 8.61
88
.... 8.66
86
.... 3.86
22-28-24
.... 8.98
14
.... 4.05
8
.... 3.86
22-23-24
.... 8,60
34 -
....3.76
28-29
.... 8,90
19
.... 4.21
4
.... 3.86
22-28-24
.... 8.64
81-82
8.97
16-16
.... 4.02
11
.... 3.83
26
.... 3.88
20
.... 4.08
9-10
.... 3.97
16-16
.... 3.82
26-27
;... 4.01
14
.... 3.64
81-82
;... 3.99
18
.... 3.9i
18
.... 8.76
28-29
.... 4.27
2 \
3-4
6
1-2
7,
1-2 8-4
8 6
Alpha xi'Derta-........-> •• flO Chi Omega •-■ 4-27 Delta Gamma - 4.04 Kappa Alpha Theta ^ 4.27 Kappa Kappa Gamma..^ 4.22 -Phi Mu 8.98 Pi Beta Phi........ 4.08 III. Honorary and Departmental Alpha Lambda Delta.. 6.04 6 Alpha Phi Omega. .. 4.26 Alpha Zeta 4.78 Catalyst 4.42 Ceres 4.66 Chi Epsilon ; 4.67 Delta Rho Kappa 6.16 Dolphii> 4.16 Eta Kappa Nu 4.88 Iota Lambda Sigma..-....;....... 4.17
Iron Key
Kappa Delta Pi— 4.72 Kappa Psi .;.... 4,20 Mortar Board 4.77 Omicron Nu - 8.09 Phi Lambda Upsilon* .'. 6.21 Pi Tau Sigma^^,^..: 4.81 Scabhard and Blade 4.61 Sigma Delta Chi 4.26 Sigma Delta Psi............ 4.16
Sigma Pi Sigma
Skull and Crescent.......*. .— 3-74 ^Tau Beta Pi........... - 6.21 Tau Kapha Alpha....... - 4.80 Theta Alpha Phi 4.TO “XI Sigma Phi 4.47 r ,1V. Residence Halls and House Clubs Men’s Residence Halls and Annexes
Cary Hall—
East 8.66 North 8.67 Noirthwest —• West — 8.77 South —• 8.82
Cary Hall Annex—
' 777 Russell Street ... 8.46 781 Russell Street...... .,—...8.96 Oliver Perkins Terry House 8.99
Men’s House Clubs and Co-Operative Houses
Angle Inn —I'oo
Bachelor’s Haven — 8M 11
Bivouac osOB Chauncey Hous^ S.C.A.,...., 4.20 Circle Pines, S.iX^!- "" for Citadel - 4.21 Culture Hall - 8.77 ( Continued on page 2)
17
9
16 11 18
8
21-22
•
20
28 ,
10 19
8 ■ 4 ■■ 1-2
7
12 18
21-22 ...No list submitted
26
1-2
16 24 14
19-20
8
'■ B. .1-2
16.
ROTC Units See Action Against U- S. EntomoloQisf, Dies Regular Army^s Tank Corps Board Passes 5ev6n Editor’s Note: The following is a description of the portion of the army’s recent majueuvers as participated in by the Univer-
sity’s officer training unit at Fort Knox, Ky.
At exactly 12:10 the first lank, an M2 medium, poked. its nose over the hill and grumbled its way down one of the valleys to our front. We * remained silent and watchful behind our gun waiting for it to get within effective range. It disappeared for a moment behind a small hill and then, as it came into sight agaih, No. 4 piece opened fire and the tank was
' eliminated from the schenie of things.
But More Came
There was silence then,.but not for long. We could hear the low-pitched roar of the remainder of the tanks as they pushed their way up the far ridge. W^e were just a little excited. It was our first time in action against opposition and we had very good reasons for being excited. The opposition vJ^as the army’s vaunted 1st Armored division,
Carried On Extensive Corn Borer Research George A. Ficht, 40, a member of the entomology staff of the University Agricultural Experiment Station since 1927, died last Tuesday in the hospital after a short illness. A heart attack was the immediate cause of his death, < Ficht had worked for the welfare of Indiana agriculture through hi^ research work in the European Corn Borer, a field in which he had specialized. Ficht had carried on investigations of corn varieties resistant to the borer, effect of date of planting on borers’ prevalence, and had made a thorough study of the life
history of the pest.
His findings provided the basis for present day recommendation of Purdue in battling the borer which has caused considerable commercial damage in this state. Ficht, a native of Canada, having been born ,at Vandecar, Ontario, held degrees from Ontario Agricultural College and the University of Western Ontario and had studied towards his doctorate at Iowa State College when he quit to come to Purdue. Previously he had been on corn borer control work in Ontario, 46 Finish Advanced Insurance Course On Campus LasI Friday The importance of life insurance as an institution that assures both security of principal and stability of income was emphasized in a discussion led by Alden C, Palmer, director of the educational division of the Insurance Research and Review Service, Indianapolis, which provided one of the closing features of the advanced section of the short course in life underwriting at the University last Friday. Final registration for the advanced course
totalled 46.
In addition to the class discussion of economic developments in the investment field led by Palmer, the closing session was addressed by John A. Nelson, Indianapolis, field man for the Union Central Life Insurance Co., and Hugh D. Hart, vicepresident of the Illinois Bankers Life Assurance Co., Monmouth, 111. In discussing the future of the life underwriter, Nelsojn expressed the opinion that life insurance can not be effectively sold without the underwriter, and that if it were not for _the activities of the underwriter there Ivould only be a frac-tion-of the life insurance in force today that actually exists. ' ■ A survey made of the 46 insurance men attending the course revealed that the average policy of the group was $14i336 at an average age of 38 years. Local Alpha Chi Chapter Wins Scholar Award Highest honors iri scholarship were received by the University chapter of Alpha: Chi Omega, national women’s fraternity, when the local chapter was awarded the national Scholarship Cup at the organization’s convention held in Pasadena, Calif., July 8 to 13. The award is ^ presented biannually to the one chapter among the 63. in the fraT ternit3( which shows the greatest improvement in scholarship. This year is the first time Alpha Beta, which is the local chapter, has reiceved the national scholarship award. The local group wiU have possession of the cup. for two years, until the next national convention
in 1945/
The wait was short this time. We scarcely had time to be envious of No. 4 for getting the first shot, for suddenly there were targets^f "^fll of us. The ugly looking i^nsters were pushing their way (over the. ridge and down into Our vmley, apparently unaware that we\ were there waiting for them. All\four pieces were firing now, each upon the tanks that were in his own sector. Heat Of Battle The sweating straining gun crews Were-laying the pieces on the nearest target before them aiid firing as fast as possible. Still the tanks came. The first wave was all in sight now and was soon followed by the second. Powder smoke laid its stench over the gun position and choked the hard-working cannoneers. Some of the tanks were getting through and approached so close that point-blank ranges were fired at them. One stopped, less than 50 yards from the flank .of No. 1 gun while it was firing at another target to its front. The gun was shifted and a shell fired directly at the tank bgfore its turret could be brought tO bear. Another one out, -*■ No. 4 Out! The action was dying out now. Tanka, out of action, were sitting all around the place. No. 4 had ceased fire. It had been flanked by one of the mediums and put out of action. The last tank was stopped, but even before the gun crews had a chance to congratulate themselves, smoke started to rise about them. Counter-artillery fire was being laid down on them. One of the tanks-^ or one of their planes Vhich had been flying overhead during the battle—had radioed to the armored outfit’s supporting artillery and brought in the fire. Tables Turn Now the tables were turned; before the pieces could be limbered and moved out of the danger zoneeven before the prime movers could be brought up from the truck park, 600 yards away, it was all over. Thg battery was neutralized. The gun crews done for, 'Were scattered ^bout their pieces, caught before they had a chance to prepare the guns for march order. An anti-tank battery isn't supposed to leave its position anyway. It stays until it has stopped the driva or is itself put out of action. A .Job Done This particular unit -— Purdue’s Battery A—^had done both. Its job was done and so was the l];attery. It had been in position since 7 p. m. of the previous evening. Representing a battery of 105mm howitzers, it, was in the front of the othei* three battez-ys of the battalion that had been put into action to oppose the drive. To its rear and right flank were' Battery B, Purdue; Buttery C, Ohio State, and Battery D, con^posed of several schools-from Indiana, Ohio and Kentucky. These batterys'were 166mm howitzers. 'The shells were blanks. The copn-ter-artjllery fire was made by smoke pbts set up by the umpires. Insteu/ij. of the groans and cries of wounded the only noise was that of the gun crews’ derisive laughter—directed at the Qccupants of the tanks—and the swearing of the tank crews in return. ' First Maneuvers It was the first time that ROTC units had been put up against the (Continued on page 2)
\
^HysicaTEciucation Necessary For Safety Eastwood Tells PE's Ann Arbor, Mich., July 31—(Special to the Exponent)—Physical education and athletic programs might be considered the core of the ‘Safety .education program, declared Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, professor of physical education for men at Purdue University, in one of two addresses here last Friday before graduate summer school students in physical education at the University of Michigan. Dr. Eastwood, speaking on “Physical Education and Athletics for Safety,” expressed the opinion that a properly led program will improve motor judgments, increase coordination, improve the control of the emotions, aiid train the individual to be in condition to participate in activities of life. ? “Iti the past, the emphasis has been on safety in physical education and athletics,” said Dr. Eastwood. “We have failed to appreciate that the broad ^amut of physical education activifies of themselves have a real place in training the individual to avoid injury.” Dr. Eastwood further advocated extensive intramural and varsity athletics programs to further refine the judgments, coordinations, emotions, and physical condition of participants. Young People's . . . Sunday Evening Group will meet at 5:30 p. m. this Sunday at the University Presbyterian church. The Reverend Green from the First Baptist Church in Lafayette will speak.
Selection Board Here Concludes Work Today Seveti students have thus far passed the complete, examination
for entraizce into aviation flight training for' the United States Navy, according to information-re-leased last night by Lt. Commander Grover B. Turner, senior member' of the tiaval aviatiop cadet selection board now visiting the campus.
The successful candidates to date
are the following: John B, Hulchaiz; Edward R. Campbell; E^za F. Tate, ME. ’42; George F. Tipsword, EE ’43; Charles D. Elfrih; Daniel 1. Siekman, Ag ’42, and Duwane E.
Wallace.
Came Wednesday The selection board came here Wednesday and will finish its present visit today. It has been teffiporarily stationed in a ground floor room of the Executive building. The board has been assembling the second Fl3nhg Boilennaker unit which has L6 members so far. This zmit, which they expect to complete by the first of October, will probably go into training in November or Decezrtber, Commander" Turner said. The first Flying Boilermaker squadron, composed entirely of former University students, will start its training August 15, There are approximately 36 men.in this class who will take their preliminary training at Glenview (near Chicago) for a month and will then continue in advanced training as a unit; however* upon receiving their commissions, the squadron will naturally be dispersed. Dave Rankin Joins Dave Rankin, former star football end and track man, will be sworn into the service on August 10 and will go into training on Septeniher 15. This will permit him-to compete in the football game between the College All-Stars and the Chicago Bears, national professional champions, on August 28, for which, he has just been chosen as a member of the starting line-up. Tommy Melton, co-captain of this fall’s football squad, will also go into training as a meniber of the second Boilermaker unit after completion of the football season. John C. Dodds ... University EE student was drowned in the Niagara pool of Kansas . City recently,
'41-'42 Allofment Below Last Year's; More Than 1,000 Aided During Year The University has been allotted $64,125 by the National Youth Administration to be used during the coming academic year for part time employment of students who need work to earn part of their expenses while attending school. Announcement of the amounts allocated to educational institutions in Indiana was made yesterday in Indianapolis by Robert S. Richey, state NYA administrator. This amount is several thousand dollars below that assigned to Purdue last year as there was a general reduction in funds for all institutions. Dean of Men M. L. Fisher stated. He reported that during the last^cademic year, a total of 1,024 different students were employed_at s6me time or other under the NYA program* Some of the students* worked only a short time but most of them were employed a large part or all of the year, the eaming^s averaging about $11 per month. The students generally were efiiployed in Hie laboratories, offices and shops, the NYA program usually being planned to add to the general training received by the college students. Local Horticulfurists To Attend Convention Indiana horticulturists are scheduled to take an active part in the 33rd annual meeting of the Vegetable Growers’^ Association of America to be held Aug. 4 to 7 at Columbus, 0., according to Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticulture department. George Sweet of Ft. Wa3me is a member of the reception and welcome committee as well as the trade exhibit committee. Prof. P. C* Gayr lord, assistant chief of the University horticulture department, is a member of the program committee.
Program's Bottlenecks, Potter
Educators
Washington, July 31—(Special to the Exponent)—The shortage of trained engineers is one of the bottlenecks of the defense program and this situation promises to become more acute as the program develops, Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of the schools of engineering Purdue Uni-versity and chairman of the advishiry committee on engineering, science and management defense training for the U. S. Office of .Education, told a group of college presidents here yesterday afterndon. The meeting was held at the Mayflower Hotel. “This country is really jupt getting started in defense production and the shortage of engineers will become very acute as more and , more contracts are awarded to defense industries,” said Dean Potter. “Not only must guns, tanks, explosives, ammunition, airplanes, und naval vessels be designed and constructed, hut new factories muipt be built und equipped. Additional machine tools must be manufactured, increased supplies of raw materials^' must be produced and suitable substitutes discovered and utilized. Additional sou^eh of power must be developed, communication and transportetion systems must be ex-
panded, cantonments, fortifications, and air and naval bases must be constructed, and many other technical and scientific activities must be cairied on. In all of these activities, engineers are key men, necessary in large numbers for efficient planning, design, production, operation, and management.” 12,000 Engineering Graduates Dean Potter pointed out that engineering colleges, graduated about 12,000 this summer, barely enough to meet the normal demands of industry and business* but that a third of these went into the armed fCFces, while many engineers in industry who are reserve officers have been called to active duty. Dean Potter cited the inevitable result and advised the committee to expand the training for graduate engineers or other college graduates to help prepare them for the most effective work in the defense program. He also advocated training of former engineer students who did not complete their work for a degree, for specific jobs in defense industries. . More than 100,000 men employed in industries are being given additional training in night schools and thus are Incoming more proficient
in their own fields of work through this added training which is being conducted in the various states by engineering colleges and Universities, in cooperation with the U. S. Office of Education, said Dean Potter. This work was made 'possible by an appropriation of $9,000,000 by Congress, and for the coming year this amount has been increased to $17,600,000. Dr. Potter advocated mainten^ ance of regular en^neering college: courses on their pi/sent level, with no sp^d-up in this basic training, n view coUjCurred in by army and navy and industry. “Report from army, navy, OPli| and industry indicate that the prea^i ent traimng program is moat heUp^ ful in meeting a need for techno^ logical talent by supplementing thk output of engineering cplleges, hji providing large numbers to act ak assistants to engineera, by upgrading employed engineers ^for mock effective service, by retraining srt/ ginews for special defense serVicel and l^r placing at the ' cttsposal (# - the armed forces facilities for supt* :i^yi^ to coinmissioned officers sp4 dalueff engineering said tha speaker.
a.
m
/ K ' NUn/'?’
1w
PaqiLl^ 193S Pharfnacf Grad Named Ferris Dean Howard Hopkins, of Lizton, 1938 pharmacy graduate, and who has spent the past year here working on his doctorate, has been named dean of the school of Pharmacy of the Ferris Institute at Big-Hapids, Mich., and will assume his duties there with the opening of the University this autumn. Hopkins spent two years following graduation at the University on the staff of the University of Nebraska, pursuing graduate study. He Obtained a master’s degree there in 1940 and returned to Purdue for more work. During the past year he has been one of the counselors at Cary Hall. ROTC Units (Continued from page 1) regular army. The results surprised the regulars as much as they did us. We were given credit for an entire battalion (39 tanks.) The action started Friday night when we were ordered to go into position on the northern part of the Fort Knox reservation. We were attached to the Red army and were opposing the Blues, represented by the 1st Armd. Div. We were to oppose their occupation of a certain point on the reservation. Their job was to occupy it. Into Position We travelled to our assigned position by infiltration. This is a method the army uses to move units when secrecy is desired. A few trucks move at prescribed intervals, thus the enemy (supposedly) does not have his suspicions aroused by the movement. The first truck started in the early evening and was followed at five minute intervals by the rest of the battery. Darkness had almost fallen when the first gun was placed and by the time the second and third had arrived, it was quite dark and the rain had started. (It always rains on maneuvers.) Soon the roads of the reservation, very poor at best, were long quagmires with trucks inching their way forward in absolute darkness-blights would have defeated the entire purpose of the movement. Wet and muddy, the cannoneers moved each gun from the road up the hill at its side to the prescribed place. Sometimes as many as 16 or 20 men were required to pull the heavy pieces up the slippery slope to the firing point. The rain, interspersed with haihcontinued to make the night interesting. Wire crews fought their way over the terrain, establishing communication; radio men with their “walkie-talkies” made connections with each other and with the bat(Continued on page 3)
Friday# August 1, 1941'
AXP,KAT (Continued from page 1) Dover House : 8.71 17 Kn^le House, S.C.A..... 5.91 13 Luma House, S.C.A 8.86 14 Marwood House, S.C.A 3.75 16 Minor Manor 8.28 22 Owen' House, S.C.A 4.04 9 Purdue Only 8.94 12 Rochdale House, S.C.A 4.21 1-2 Salisbury House, S.C.A 4.10 8 State House 4.01 10 Stellar Hall 8.68 19-20 Waldron Hall 3.65 18 Wesley Bbys' House, S.C.A. 4.18 . 4 Westminster House, S-C.A. 4.11 6-7 Wilson Hall , 8.84 21 Women’s Residence Halls Women’s Residence Hall— North 3.96 3 SoutH 8.97 2 Wood 4.12 1 Women’s House Clubs An Tweedale House, S.C.A. 4.16 3-4 Antigonish 4.08 6 Casa Manana 4.16 3-4 Coedda 4.18 . 2 Collegiana 4.01 8
Dazian 8.90 l2 Glen'wood House, S.O.A....^.. 4.12 5 Harmony Haven 3.86 16 ■ N.O.M.I. 3.69 14 Novadale 8.97 10 Otter-Be-lnn ...: i 4.88 1 S.H.E. House 3.96 11 Carolyn Shoemaker, S.C.A. 8.88 18 Thaeles 4.04 7 The Gables 8.99 9
HEALTHFULLY COOL LUMA SUN.,TiON:--5T!lTS
AIR CONDITIONED
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOOBLE FEATURE-b The stork's gone haywire and the fun will keep you roaring! 'TURNABOUT" with ADOLPHE MENiOU CAROLE LANDIS
— PLUS —
ONTHB
nmoAmcscoiir PAUL CAVANAOI HEATHER ANCSL BRUCE LESTER • MOJEf HARDER
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY Jhre0 times the rommset of"K|ny that won Ginger her Oscarl
8E0R6E MURPHY
with AUN BURGESS MAHRHAL'MEIEIUIII
-ALSO-
with Freddie BARTHOLOMEW Jimmy LYDON Billy Cook
TODAY, SAT.—2 HITS Johnny Mack BROWN
in
FUZZY KNIGHT
HEALTHFULLY COOL MARS STARTS SATURDAY THAT FUNHY PAIR ^ IS TOGETHER AGAIN! Wally and Margie are a riot in their funniest, yet!
LAST TIMES TODAY
Dennis MORGAN iSJaSSwii WYATT Shirley ROSS
the glamour muskal about the glamour town!
DON AMECHE -BETTY SBABU ROBERT COMMINBS Charlotte Greenwood* Jadc'Hqley Carole Landis • Cobina Wright, Jr.
STARTS SUNDAY
HEALTHFULLY COOL
TODAY-SAT,
Deac Pays 50% CASH For Second Hand Purdue College Books end 60% Trade-In On Anything in the Store
H G. "Deac ’ REISNER BOOKSTORE . —Established 1908— 325 State Street ^ West Lafayette# Indiana
' > ' ■ in ’ Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioined For Economy . . . . The Lahr Hotel
Preserve the interior of your home with . . .
We carry a com] ofGlass and Paint. HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Main St. Phone 3841
as a Summer Rain You can actually see the life return to' your garments . . . you can smell the freshness that’s brought out again and never a trace of grease of dirt to mar their brilliance I Send your clothes to West Side for a cleaning job that’s miles ahead.
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dine
Chinese and American Restaurant NU CHINA CAFE 409 Columbia St. Lafayette, Indiana
Complete Line of Greeting Cards Unjyei^ity Book Store M. C. “Red” Sammons *29 R.W."Ooc"Epplo'40
School Supplies DEAC^S Everything for a College Education
w.^lafa-yeYte
(nmhlL LIBRARY
LATEST BOOKS - BEST AUTHORS 3c PER day - 10c minimumf-iV-rv if- ^ if '|e5' W V ij * V
’’ f JU^
J(S-r ~tCH -it ^<J. ,i, ‘■f!5 r * « »-.^ c
^ fl, j/ t
■* i.
fijuAtHiJUL £xpomtiL
Friday, Au^rusi L.1941
Oaaa . J
Convert Your Used
oks Into
Highest prices paid for used text books and drawing instruments.
HmiE BOOK Mtimy SUM
308-10 STATE STlHEET WEST UAFAYETTE INQ
The Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session Subecriiitions mailed for 60 cents. PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J. L. TKAUGOTT Bus. Mgr.t j>. 8. POWERS ^ Managing Editor: L. BUFFNER Editorial 4005 — PHONES — Business 8471
•\ Told You So' Sumner Welles and his satellites in the state department have an interesting history. Mr. Welles is a gentleman. And as a gentleman he prefers bribery to force. He is cut of the same cloth as the late Neville Chamberlain and, consequently, does not like Adolf Hitler because Adolf Hitler is not well-mannered. Adolf does his thieving in a very crude, if effective, manner and there is nothing gentlemanly about him. Mr. Welles like Mr. Chamberlaip put his faith in nineteenth century politics when the best diplomat wore the finest clothes and was astute at such things as swmdeling with a velvet glove and a smile. Mr. Welles’ record with the state department has been one of consistency. First he tried to bribe Franco by shutting off American aid to the'Spanish loyalists, and thus gave a running start to the German war machine. He approved of Munich, and next was found lying in Vichy’s bed. It was about the same time that the undersecretary and his aids put the screws on aid to refugees from European countries. That was supposed to appease somebody. Mr. Welles’ greatest achievement, he felt, was keeping the Japanese from moving south. He accomplished this for two years by giving his official blessing to a thriving Japanese-American trade in war materials. In this way Mr. Welles succeeded in bribing the Japanese with American oil and steel. Perfect. Mr. Welles was a success in diplomacy. But Wednesday the Japanese, who are not gentlemen, crudely abrogated their moonlight and roses pact with Sumner. Twenty-six of the Mikado’s war planes which were undoubtedly flying on American gasoline dropped bombs, probably made of American steel, on an American gunboat in the Yangtze river during a raid on China’s capital Chungking. Immediately Mr. Welles flamed into righteous anger and made all sorts of veiled threats
toward the Japanese^ One might pass Mr. Welles’ dismal record in statescraft off by saying that he just isn’t very bright. He can’t seem to catch on to the twentieth century rules of international chicanery. Neville Chamberlain went to his grave realizing that gentlemanly appeasing or bribery doesn’t work because there is no honor among thieves. And now perhaps good old Sumner will awaken to the same historic fact. Whether the Japanese bombing was intentional or not, we see no justification for American wrath and haloed indignation. Before we go too deeply into the incident we ifiay rightly wonder what reason a gunboat of the United States has plying the rivers of a nation at war. Secondly we made all the necessary arrangements for the bombing by •:^roviding both the material and the provocation. We have no cause for anger with the Japanese. They are merely intelligent opportunists who used the United States for a Santa Claus until most of the British navy had been withdrawn from the Far East and their own war stocks were built up. Let’s mark this gunboat and, incidentally, Mr. Welles off to our own stupidity and concentrate on equipping our own array and navy and air force instead of the Japanese. J.L.T.
The Fifth Column
If you ask her And someone always does. Mrs. Roosevelt IS more than willing to give the answer to any question which ydu may have. Provided they have nothing to do With any contest, do not give out state secrets, and do not divluge such personal information ^ As does the President eat crackers in bed? * * In replying to one of the latest questioneers, Eleanor has explained that the fact that all four of her sons hold officers commissions in the army and navy ispurely coincidental, incidental, and detrimental, and due to diligence, hard work, application, and a burnmg desire to serve their country, plus the fact Th^y^eir name is Roosevelt. * * * She also added . . That nearsightedness helped. * * * All of which proves nothing, except that the poor boys haven’t got a chance Just as the “I Want To Be A Captain Clubs” are begimng to disband Eleanor has to exhume the cadaver to see if it was really dead. After all what good is justification Those as believes figured it was okay before. And them as doesn’t can only say of her reasons .. Even if they was good I wouldn’t like ’em. dkh
Keep Cool
with Crown Cleaned Clothes. It’s like shaking off the heat to get into clothes fresh from our modern cleaning plant.
AUNDRV
ROTC Units (Continued from page 2} tahon headquarters in preptataUom for the firing data which would soon be coming to the firing batteries. The battery was reported readv to fire, and eoneentration were laid down on road junctions, bridges and other important terrain featmres to cause trouble for the-enemy, which was advancing from Owenshmm, Ey., to the north and east of our positioif. This action was extremely important, for upon it depended to a great extent the ease and speed with which the armored forces could advance. About 10 the firing stopped and the men were given a chance to get some badly needed rest. But not for long. At 1.30 the battery was called to action again and the firing was resumed until 3. Aircraft Trouble All during the firing a plane flew overhead, adding to the difficulties by occasionally dropping flares As each flare illuminated the kcene with its ghostly light everyone would jump under the nearest bush or into the nearest pile of weeds and get another cold shower and several more chiggers — heartily dammng the plane, the flyer and all his antecedents for the past six generations. During this last lull the crews distributed themselves over and around the gun and fell into that heavy unregarding sleep that nature provides to men to allow them to sleep even under the muSzle of a firing gun ^ At 4 30 the battery was called to the alert again, for the tanks were expected about daybreak. The waiting began and continued for a seemingly indeterminable period. Waiting IS hard on soldiers, especially inexperienced ones. It wears on their nerves and cuts down their efficiency. A warm breakfast helped the situation somewhat hut it also caused difficulties The mess truck was brought in and parked near No. 4 gun. One of the ever-present aircraft spotted it and immediately preceded to bomb it. Well-Concealed All through the action the presence of the battery, as a firing battery, was not suspected by the enemy. The activity about the point was noticed, of course, but observers thought that it was caused by a command post. When the aircraft bombed the mess truck its occupants had no idea that it also took out No. 4 But it did, and had the attack developed soon thereafter the resistance to it would have been cut down one quarter by the lucky hit. , The bombed piece (it was a flour sack that did the damage) was replaced during the morning and the men were once again ready for what might develop. Nothing did all thiough the long morning and the men began to wonder if, after all, they had been spotted and the route of the tanks changed to avoid their position Slapping mosquitoes and dodgihg the persistent planps seemed a poor way for 400 soldiors to spend a day. At exactly 12:10 the fiist tank, an M2 medium, poked its nose over the hill. . .
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHEt
Detroit Tigers are the only baseball team in modern major league history never to have finished a regular season in last place.
Get Your Car Ready for the Trip Home •drop in and have a complete checkup,
•ride in safety onT^od tires. Peter Anderson Garage
AFTER YOU —WE COME FIRST
525 Alabama St.
nione 4II4R
Alff' i ■
ir