the p u r d
E
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Friday, September 24, 1937
NUMBER 10
First Pep Session Parade To Form In Village Tonight
Students Will Convene At 6:45; Form For Parade To Fieldhouse By 7; Band To Play
Sittings To Start For Senior Debris Pictures Honday Sittings for senior Debris pictures will begin Monday morning, according to Chuck Ehinger, Debris editor. Dexheimer-Carlon studios of Indianapolis will be in charge of the takes which will be run off according to schedules that will be carried regularly in the Exponent. This year’s 'senior picture section will be grouped by schools. Maroon will be the predominant decorative color with the photographic panels mounted two pictures wide and five high. This arrangement allows for simplicity in making identifigfi^ions and listing of activities. Figures will be run alphabetically by respective schools. Any student with a junior card but expectations of graduation this year must file his name at the Debris office before Wednesday. Any senior who does not have his picture taken during this period will be listed at the end of his section. Debris office hours are from 4 until 6 p. m. week days. Set Octeber 11 Final Date For Freshman WS6JI Nominations Nominations for the freshman representative of the W. S. G. A. must be submitted to the W. S. G. A. executive committee by October 11 at 5 p. m. Representatives will be elected at a W. S. G. A. mass meeting October 14 at 4 o’clock. The following form must be used when the petition is submitted: “We, the undersigned, do hereby nominate for the office of freshman representative on the W. S. G. A. Executive Board for the first semester of the school year 1937.” The freshman representative will sit with the executive board to help determine the organization’s policies and represent her classmates and the furtherance of their inter-
ests.
Biker Made Officer In Corps Of Engineers James Baker, ’37, civil engineering graduate, has been appointed second lieutenant in the corps of engineers of the United States Army, and assigned to the f'irst Engineers at Port DuPont, Maryland, for temporary duty while awaiting transportation to the west coast. There he will be permanently assigned to the topographical section of the Twenty-Ninth Engineers. Baker, who was a cadet colonel in the University R. O. T. C. last year, received appointment through a competitive examination. This vacancy is one of 18 to be filled from college graduates this year. Leslie Shows Improvement Former governor of Indiana, Harry G. Leslie, ’05, science, is reported improving from a heart ailment that has confined him to bed for several days. He is expected to return in about a week to his work as president of a life insurance company.
CHANGES OF ADDRESS Students who have changed their addresses since registration, please report such changes to the Registrar’s office if they have not done so. R. B. STONE, Registrar.
LoveWs Derby Laden Return Is Only Senior Hope
By Don Terrio
Unless Prof. C. L. Lovell, through the good graces of fate, should return from Chicago with a few hundred derbies under his arm, or a crop of the black headgear be located in Cincinnati in response to the latest telegraphic appeals of a local merchant, the senior class will still go aerially unequipped for the senior
parade Saturday.
Merchants have sent long telegrams, run down used clothes dealers, hunted through the state for a political convention, but not a derby has appeared. A search through the Kentucky hills resulted only in the useless promise of just one derby this spring, and it would be of too magnificent proportions to fit even
a senior’s head.
Prof. Lovell went to Chicago for a lecture, but was planning a private little derby searching party of his own on the side.
Wife Sends Out Blood Donor Call For F. M. Shanklin An urgent emergency call to all 4-H club members or any students who will act as donors in a blood transfusion for F. M. Shanklin, University 4-H club leader, has been sent out by his wife, Neba Steven-
son Shanklin.
Shanklin has been critically ill with stomach trouble in the Home Hospital for some time, and recent complications demand the transfusion. Blood samples will be tested at 9 a. m. Friday and the transfusion will take place as soon as a suitable sample is found. Those who can answer this call should leave their names today with Dr. Z. M. Smith or Harry Ainsworth at the state 4-H club office in the Agricultural Experiment Sta-
tion Annex.
Planners Suggest Views Of Purdue Life, History For Pontiac Program
Pushing plans for Purdue’s Pontiac collegiate radio program of October 8, Publicity Director T. R. Johnston’s committee discussed content and continuity for the broadcast in the Union peasant room yesterday afternoon. Suggestions included playing and singing of “Back to Old Purdue” by “Spots” Emrick’s military band and A1 Stewart’s concert choir, tuning in on President Elliott’s address to visiting alumni at banquet in the Union ballroom for the 7 to 7:30 program, on that Friday night’s mixer and possibly a fraternity house dance for the 9:30 to 10 p. m. broadcast, bringing in Purdue’s ROTC through the firing of a salute and recalling various University traditions. Committee member Lorna McLeod suggested having a Purdue engineer bring his “import” to the University for the week-end and dur-
Hogness Will Address AChS Thursday Night Dr. T. R. Hogness, professor of chemistry at the University of Chicago who has recently returned from visiting European chemical and physical laboratories, will talk at the American Chemical Society meeting Thursday. Dr. Hogness will speak on the subject “Spectroscopy of Biological Materials.” Society officials invite new chemistry students, especially graduate students to attend the meeting that will begin at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry Building.
ing her visit show her interesting parts of the campus—including Heavilon Hall Tower and Purdue airport at night. Highlights in University history may also be brought out during the program: tank scraps, stealing of the Victory Bell, the Purdue circus, burning of the old mechanical engineering building (where Heavilon Hall now stands) on the night following its completion. Homecoming celebration, Dad’s day, and Purdue’s part in founding the Big Ten association (formerly the Big Six).
Firemen To Attend Short Course Here Between 300 and 400 chiefs and fire fighters are expected here at the University for the fourth annual Indiana Fire School, October 27 and 28. This state short course IS part of an all-year-round program of training and is conducted as one of the phases of the Purdue Safety Institute’s program. The sessions will comprise an intensive training course in methods of fire fighting, first aid, and other emergency work. Groups cooperating with the University in conducting the school are the state fire marshal’s office, the Northern Industrial and Volunteer Firemen’s Association, Indiana Fire Chief’s Association, and the Indiana Inspection Bureau. Representatives of these groups will participate in planning the details of the program and will also give trained instruction in the school.
EE Seniors Declare Capture Of Young Trophy Certain
Electrical engineering seniors are on the warpath. A delegation, emanating sparks and making all kinds of wild charges has declared they will take the G. A. Young trophy for the greatest percentage of seniors participating in the cord parade tomorrow. John Girard, ringleader of the group, says, “We’re a cinch to win the trophy, even if we have to be there in shorts.” H. Wells, another leader, declares “We can’t miss. We’re putting on a high tension attendance campaign.” Millard Gannon says, “We’ll all be there 100 per cent . . . even if some
of us don’t have derbies.” “We’ll win in a walk,” declares Chuck Ehinger. Dick Craig says, “We’ll lift that trophy from the mechanical school if we have to draw it away from them with a magnet.” In the meanwhile, however, the mechanical engineers were not loafing. Yesterday, Professor Cole took time out from his senior reports class to inform the 40 odd mustacHed students that “G. A.” was counting on them to keep the trophy on the second floor fuse box in the M. E. Building.
^Date Bureau Is Going To Town/ Claims Chairman By Georgia Carroll “Running with the smoothness of a well-oiled machine the W. S. G. A. Date Bureau is going to town,” says Louise Bain, chairman. Just to prove to you how efficient it is, Louise quotes the case of a Beta junior prominent in many a campus activity. This certain someone had just enough Scotch (?) in him to refrain from throwing away the ticket that had been given him for Saturday night’s mixer. After consulting “Doc” Bain, his case was settled with approval from a Waldron street date. Moral: Everyone consults the Date Bureau. Why not let it help you. Remember this is your last week-end. This afternoon, 4 to 6, is your last chance. Ask Sfydents To Use Gate 2; Avoid Rush ’ In order to eliminate confusion at the gate. Gate 2, in the middle of the south end of the Ross-Ade stadium, has been designated exclusively as a student entrance for this fall’s football games. In addition to Gate 2, exclusively a student entrance, students will be admitted at Gate 6, a new gate directly in back of the student section on the west side. For Saturday’s Butler opener students will be admitted upon presentation of their student identification card at the propper g^ate, but for the Carnegie Tech and Iowa games the proper coupons must be exchanged at the ticket office for a reserved seat ticket which will be presented along with the identification card. Part of the student section, located north of the fifty-yard line, will be reserved Saturday for seniors taking part in the parade. The remainder of the area north of the fifty yard line will be open to underclassmen on a “first come, first served”
basis.
Co-edsf Freshmen To Be Admitted Free To Mixer Freshman male students, upon the presentation of thbir “passports” at the door, as well as co-eds from all classes will be admitted free to the annual freshman mixer tonight at 9 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The dance is a tag affair sponsored by Skull and Crescent, national honorary for sophomore men. Bud Bryant and his band will play for dancing from 9 until 12. StudenI Union Names New Committeemen Louis Putze, Student Union executive announced last night the following Union committees for the coming semester: Cabonargi: W. Curtis, R. Henry, J. Bowling, R. McConnell, Brown, A. Copeland, W. Outand, Georgianna Baker, Marjorie Schurman. Mason: R. Stradling, R. DeMarg, P. Rensenhouse, J. Richardson, K. Kuebler, J. Dailey, D. Malcolm, W. George, Joanne Edson, Louise Daniel, Mary Ellen Foresman, Matthews: A. Belfield, D. Hocker, G. Poto, C. Kramer, J. Saltzstein, D. Brubeck, G. McCoy, B. Bobbitt, Vivian Phelps, Mary McClelland, Amelia Kneer. Millholland: J. Bowen, W. Mcworkman, W. Schaefer, R. Kany, J. Rice, L. Morrison, R. Recktenwell, (Continued on Page 4)
“We want all the students to come to Deac’s in the village at 6:45 p. m. and form for the parade to the Fieldhouse by 7 o’clock. “Spots” Emrick has given us the use of the entire band. We want to make this the largest pep session we have ever held as it is the fiftieth anniversary of football competition with Butler,” said R. L. Wellbrock, head cheer-leader,
last night when asked what pep session leaders desired of
the student body.
He also wished fraternities and other groups would make signs concerning tomorrow’s game to carry in the parade. He said. “These should not be mere fraternity ad-
vertising, but may include the organization’s Greek letters. Btown Asks Cooperation G. L. Brown, president of Gimlet Club, added, “I would like to see every student out to give the team a big send-off for Saturday’s game and to help make the 1937 season the most successful one in the history of the University.” A bonfire, burning on the hill back of the stadium, will guide students and townspeople to the Fieldhouse, where “Pop” Doan, acting as master of ceremonies, will introduce the speakers for the session. Schreyer, Elward To Speak Heading this list is Major John L. Griffiths, of Chicago, Big Ten conference athletic commissioner. Representing the coaching staff and the team, respectively, acting coach Mal Elward, and Captain Marty Schreyer, will make short speeches. Sororities To Decide Own Rushee Quotas Rushee quotas for sororities were declared unnecessary and an impossibilty at a meeting of the women’s Pan-Hellenic Council yesterday. Because so many co-eds will go through rush this fall, it is impossible for each sorority to publish an official, rigid number of rushees they can pledge,” stated Mary Gene Jarrett, president of the council. Sororities will be permitted to decide for themselves the number of girls they can pledge. A set number has been allotted the various organizations by the council in previous years. October Poultry Tribune Includes Alumnus' Article Articles by Hoosiers anu former University men are featured in the October central edition of the Poultry Tribune, just off the press. Prominently displayed in this issue is an article “The Broiler Outlook” written by Leon Todd, formerly Purdue extension poultryman and now supervisior of poultry products marketing for the New Jersey department of agriculture. Three Speakers Scheduled For Swine Day Convention Speakers for the University’s annual Swine Day to be conducted in the livestock pavilion this afternoon include C. L. Farrington, Indianapolis, E. P. Welborn, Cynthiana, and Prof. C. M. Vestal. The morning program will consist of a visit to the swine experimental farm.
FACULTY MEETING The regular monthly meeting of the faculty will be held on Monday, September 27, at 4 p. m., in Stanley Coulter Hall. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Concert Choir Will Sing On First Music Club Program Sunday For the first presentation of the newly formed Music Club, the University Concert Choir has agreed to sing on a program to be given in the Music Room of the Memorial Union Building Sunday afternoon at 3:30 o’clock. Under the direction of Union vicepresidents Martha Wood and Ted Cabonargi, the Music Club met for the first time yesterday afternoon and made tentative plans for the year which include recording programs, discussion groups. University sings, and presentation of con-
certs.
Albert P. Stewart has announced the following program for the Concert Choir with Richard Thornton, accompanist, and Morey J. Doyle, pianist: Piano Prelude, Richard Thornton.
I
Dedication (Widwung), Franz-Cain A Spring Song, Pinsuti. Morning, Speaks. II Adoramus te, DaPalestrina. Cast Thy Burdens Upon the Lord (Elijah), Mendelssohn. Nunc Dimittis and Gloria, Tsches-nokoff-Cain. III Piano Interlude, Selected, by Morey J. Doyle. Homing, Del Riego. I Won’t Kiss Katy (Jugo-Slav Folksong). Alpha Lambda Delta Asks Nine To Pledge Nine sophomore women recently received invitations to become members of Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshman women making a five point average. These invitations must be answered to Ruth Randall at the North Women’s Residence Hall by tonight. Initiation will be held October 24, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Those invited to pledge are Mary Beko, Margaret Crankshaw, Lucy Demoret, Katherine Henderson, Anita House, Rosemary Ince, Marietta Johnson, Mary Frances McLaughlin and Margaret Mathes. Kennedy, Caldwell Start WEAF Program Monday John B. Kennedy, nationally known radio commentator, and Dr. Orestes H. Caldwell, E. E. ’08, began a series of radio programs Monday over WEAP, New York, dealing with the present and future New York City, Kennedy is master of ceremonies for the program while Caldwell relates the cultural and the scientific development advancement expected in that city. Dr. Caldwell was for several years president of the New York Electi'ical Society. He has also served as a trustee of the New York Museum of Science and Industry and as New York chairman of the A. I. E. E.THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# September 24, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
m tn a C.K ^sociated Collegiate
RHPRESfiNTfiD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON ■ LOS AHGELeS ■ SAH FRANCISCO
Editorial Phono 6037 Ctumpus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICEI—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
This newspaper i« written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR J- E. Brock ASSOCI.A.TE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vanpe SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS L. C. Farquhar, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. L. Olson, B. T. Loveridge, G. A. Torrence, A. B. Keller, R. J. Deckard, D. Paarlberg, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson. Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Katherine Thrasher, Betty Wiciard, Joan Wimboronsh.
BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E. A. Antonini, W. A. Beman, V. R. Daugherty, H. R. Gingher. National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS - J. R. Fouts, J. R. Drever, H. W. Nevin. Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS -...W. F. Berg, R. L. Lippman, O. E. Lorenz, W. E. Smith. Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R- F. Obenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer. SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G. W. Bruer, C. W. Brown, J. Collins, W. H. Murray, W. F. Qualls, J. A. Hebbeler.
NIGHT EDITOR H. I. Stanback ISSUE EDITOR..., L. C. Farquhar Friday, September 24, 1937
Pep, Cords, Spirit Manifestation of school spirit by means of pep sessions serves two important purposes, the first to the individual and the second to the University. Tonight all Purdue students will be given a chance to better both themselves and their University at the first pep session of the year on Stuart Field. Those who attend will get something out of it. They will have a good time. They will be able to forget the dignity of their college status and yell to their heart’s content. They’ll meet their friends. They’ll raise a little of the very old dickens. More important than this, they will benefit in other ways. They will have the spirit of their school imbedded more firmly in them. They will give a fine emotion—^that of love and respect for their Alma Mater— a chance to become a closer part of them. They will become more nearly true Boilermakers. Their University will also benefit. The knowledge that their fellow students are standing right behind them, cheering them on, offering all the support they can give, will give the team an emotional spur that cannot but help them play better tomorrow. Coaches will know that their work is very actively appreciated by the students. Purdue’s tradition of unselfish school spirit will be strengthened. The University will be bet-
ter and the student better as a result of to-* night’s pep session. It is perhaps unnecessary to call attention to the fact that one of the reasons that the pep session is planned is to direct the surplus spirit that many students rightly feel into proper and useful channels. Rioting and vandalism is a disgraceful and dangerous way of getting rid of surplus spirit. All right-thinking students will despise those who participate in any such doing. Administrators will not do much for any offenders whom fast-thinking policemen may catch in acts of vandalism. Rather than end this article on a note of violence, we wish to urge all University seniors to participate in the cord parade tomorrow. Derbies, mustaches, and cigars will help the picture. A decorous procession rather than a “rat-race” is what is hoped for tomorrow. It is up to you to make this parade something that will be worth remembering after you have left the days of raising cain behind. —J. E. B.
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve stucient housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods.
Collegiate
By Mary Cooley “He was first in a class of one.” That is how the professors rate Robert Bums Woodward, who has broken all scholastic records at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology by taking a Ph. D. degree at the age of 20. Woodwaijd attained his goal in the field of organic chemistry after only four years of study, instead of the usually required seven years. Moreover, considerable time during that period was devoted to “working his way through college.” Instead of considering any of the flattering offers which large domestic corporations made him (one offer was to start at an initial salary of $2,700 a year). Woodward taught during the summer at tlie University of Illinois. He returned to Harvard to do research work as an assistant to one of the foremost organic chemists in the United States. ifi ^ Hfi Overheard — Fraternity Man: “Would you be interested in joining a fraternity?” Freshman: “No, thanks. I’ve got sopie clothes of my own.” * * * * Attention, student hay fever sufferers: May we introduce to you, “Sneezeweed,” another plant which is known as a cause of your annual malady. There are 20 varieties of this plant in the United States. * * * ♦ How would you like it if your IQ were used for entrance requirements ? Tulane University officials are considering this move as a result of the experimental work done during the past seven years by Dr. Martin ten Hoor, dean-elect of the college of arts and sciences. He said the intelligence test ratings and college grades given later balance “almost 100 per cent of the time.” “Of cource, the intelligence test
can not give us the moral outlook of the student, nor his degree of courage and persistence. All it does is tell us whether he has the equipment; whether he uses his equipment is another thing,” Dr. ten Hoor concluded. * A divinity student named fiddle Refused to accept his degree. Said he, “It’s bad' enough being fiddle. Without being fiddle D. D.” * * * * Palm reading has helped pay three years’ tuition at Simpson College at Indianola, la., for Irene Hill. Miss Hill is a biology major and an assistant in that department. She practices her art in many of the surrounding communities; parties keep her bugy.^^ As a high school student, 13 years old, she became intensely interested in palmistry and started reading extensively on the subject. Her study has convinced her that there is a basis of truth in palmistry. She hopes to take advanced work in biology with the idea of proving that palmistry is based on the truth. “It has not been given enough research and thought by intelligent persons, and has always been left in the hands of gypsies and others. If someone would study it as thoroughly as mind reading was studied by Dr. J. B. Rhine at Duke University, I am sure that convincing truths on palmistry would come to light,” said Miss Hill.
EXPONENT STAFF MEETING There will be a meeting of all members of the editorial staff of the Exponent, including freshmen, at 4 p. m. today in room E of the Memorial Union Building. —BROCK.
House Of Davis Starts Flans For Organization starting plannings for organization at a weiner roast near High Bridge, southwest of Greenhill, 15 students of the “House of Davis,” apartment and rooming house at 203 University street, last night elected officers and decided tentative rules of conduct. Verle Farrow, P. S. E. '38, was elected president of the group, Harmon Arnold, secretary-treasurer, Nick Egnatz, athletic director, Ger aid Higgins, sports coach, and Paul Manion, publicity director. Presi dent Farrow appointed a committee to draw up regulations governing study hours and general conduct and another to select publications for a house library. Loy E. Davis, English depart ment instructor and proprietor of the house, and Mrs.'Davis provided the weiner roast, with the former pouring and the latter -cooking. Davis is offering a scholarship cup to the student earning the highest semesterly point index. Other House of Davis members are Max Barrett, Roe Blume, Joe Corem, J. Downey, Bob Graves, Bob Isenbarger, A1 Kochlas, Dean Pearch, L. Stutzman, and J. Woronka.
Subscribe for The Purdue Exponent NOW!
Taking a gander at some of the freshmen women ... it seems orchids should go to: Mary Lou Van Bergen, brunette, shapely, scholastically inclined, and is making a strong bid to lift Louise Shickler’s crown as queen of the women engineers. Valerie Armstrong . . . anodder brunette. Jane Ohran . . . still anodder brunette. / Mary Jane West. . . the blackest brunette (Union vice-prexy Taylor is already pitching in this league). Caroline Shaw . . . sweetly brunette (ain’t there no blondes left?) Alice Newton ... a blonde at last . (natural we hope). This ode to a freshman co-ed that was found in a surveying handbook under Heavilon Tower deserves publication. Your eyes are blue Like my shop overalls, Your teeth as white As little golf balls I love yuh Minnie! Your hair is shiny As polished brass I like the way You lie on grass Cause I love yuh Minnie. Your lips as red As new-made catsup Your figure as curved As a lolli-pop Can I date yuh? Huh, Minnie? Note to Fr.eshmen: A certain group of seniors here at the University have “canned” their cords for safekeeping until game time Saturday. They had the pants sealed in number 10 tin cans and delivered to the fraternity along with regular merchandise. Pish of the week: George Roper Sig Ep, who mailed his pin to a girl in California. “I knew she’d take it,” George says, “cause I wrote and asked her.” Playboy Humphreys, DU prexy, says, “Now I am a man,” after his trip to California. He’d have to be if everything he has in a little red date-book is true.
Idiot of the week: The senior who tried to swallow the razor that the freshmen applied to his upper lip. He’s all cut up about it. That Giant Pep Session planned for tonight looks like a rowdy dow rootin’ tootin’ affair. If freshmen are after any unshaven mustaches the Fieldhouse would be ideal for the struggle. There’s plenty of extra room.
What, Where, When? By Sally McKee
Hear us gentlemen; and ladies you attend. On leaving a vehicle of any kind in a couple, the first to disembark should be the gentleman. This harks back to the time when highwaymen lurked at the coach stops and a chivalrous genfleman always dismounted first to make sure that all was safe for his fair companion. There are no highwaymen today, but your girls expect you men to leave the car ahead of them, then turn and at least seem to offer your helping hand while they dismount A sister co-ed suggested that we “please” teach you Purdue Boilermakers how to escort a date for these Lafayette street cars. Remember — gentlemeh first in this instance.
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR Adult Beginners Class Tonight 7:00 P. M. Waltz, Fox Trot or Straight Dancing taught. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Today — Saturday Joe Louis vs. Tommy Farr Official Fight Pictures —ALSO— Johnny Mack Brown, in “Rogue of the Range” —PLUS— “Robinson Crusoe”
“For the life of me, John, I don’t see how you expect microbes to live in such filth.”
For the first time all senior women are to march in the senior parade before the first football game. Previously only members of Gold Peppers, senior honorary for girls, marched in the parade with the men. Hundred per cent attendance of all senior co-eds at the parade tomorrow is the desire of Jennie Bosco and her committee. The girls are planning to meet at the main entrance of the Union Building at 12:45 where gold and black streamers will be distributed among the seniors. Since the class has no money, the streamers will cost one dime. From the Union the co-eds will march down Grant street to Northwestern avenue, then down the avenue past Stuart Field where senior men will attach themselves to the enthusiastic paraders. All together the co-eds and eds will tramp past Cary Hall East and into the RossAde Stadium at 1:30.
How shall we look these winter week-ends ? Vogue tells us we must look like women of the world, so if the boy friend is astonished at our sudden transformation from wideeyed ingenues to fascinating women we can assure him that we have good authority for our inconsistency.
Today — Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE
DICK FORAN IN “PRAIRIE THUNDER” —and— CESAR ROMERO in “ARMORED CAR”
TODAY - SATURDAY
—PLUS— CLYDE McCOY and His Orchestra
University Sends Four To National Intercollegiate Dairy Judging Contest Four University agriculture students left for Waterloo, la., Wednesday morning to participate in the national intercollegiate dairy judging contest to be held there Monday. Teams representing all, of the major agricultural colleges in the United States and Canada will be at the dairy congress. The University team consists of A. A. Siebenthal, M. L. Underwood, H. V. Cobbs, and S. F. Qverbeck. They are accompanied by their coach. Prof. J. H. Tilton of the dairy department.
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
lIPWliE fUril BE liililEil ill**!:
MRTON MacLANE • ANN SHERIDAN —PLUS— WILLIAM GARGAN ORIEN HEYWARD
TODAY - SATURDAY ( DOUBLE FEATURE
ALSO MICKEY MOUSEK'", S"''4K.'
Friday, September 24, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
STANDINGS NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York ...
: 87
64
.617
Chicago
86
69
.690
St. Louis ....
79
66
.646
Pittsburgh...
76
68
.627
Boston
73
71
.606
Brooklyn ....
61
84
.420
Philadelphia
68
86
.402
Cincinnati ...
66
87
.399
Boston, 2;
Pittsburgh,
1.
New York
8; Chicago
7.
Philadelphia, 9; Cincinnati,
6.
St. Louis,
3; Brooklyn, 4.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York ...
96
69
.676
Detroit
86
69
.690
Chicago
80
62
.663
Boston
74
66
.628
Cleveland ...
76
68
.624
Washington
69
74
.483
Philadelphia
48
93
.340
St. Louis ....
43
101
.306
Boston, 4; Detroit, 3. Chicago, 1; Philadelphia, 0. St. Louis, 9; New York, 5. Washington, 3; Cleveland, 2.
Giants Cinch Pennant By Beating Chicago Cuhs 8-7 The Chicago Cubs lost all that remained of a slim chance to cop the pennant when they were defeated 8-7 yesterday afternoon by the New York Giants. .This now places the Giants three and one-half games ahead with but thirteen games still to play, while the Cubs, three and one-half games behind have ten games left on their schedule. Today the Cubs open their series against the Cardinals at St. Louis in an effort to maintain their secbnd place position.
SOPHOMORE WORK SCHEDULE Friday—Paarlberg, Issue editor—Keller, Frederick, Tafel, Torrence. Saturday—Olson, Issue editor—Kroeplin, Frederick, Keller, Loveridge.
Fresh every day from our own ovens — delicious cakes, rolls, and other bakery goods made according to fine old recipes from wholesome, nourishing ingredients. Enjoy these delicacies at least three times a week at low cost.
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W. L.
to save time get a better shave from more experienced barbers in student surroundings.
Sahhsih. ShofL Down Stairs in the PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
All-America Candidate
C£aL fS8£LL
PUf^OOB FUiMBACK-.
t ^ 1 J
^ -r :
With an arm that slings passes like high-powered bullets, shoe that boots sixty yard punts consistently, feet that are hard to watch and harder still to catch, drive that would shame a pile-driver, Cecil Isbell begins his last year of play for the Boilermakers with his slippers parked under an All-American berth.
AIRPLANE-RIDES 50c Purdue University SUNDAY SEPTEMBER 26
12 passenger Stinson-Detroit air liner. The most complete and modern tri-mQtor plane ever to find a berth here, it is equipped with devices for all kinds of weather. Capt. L. I. Aretz, one of the first pilots to ever fly a ship of this size, will be the pflot. See Pur-. due from the air. A special sight-seeing tour of Lafayette and West Lafayette. A regular $1.00 ride for half price, through the courtesy of Texaco. These Tours Sponsored by Texaco
WHEN YOU SHOP FOR
FREEMAN _ ... and find ^SomforT ttra, yon've found Freemans. So defUy is nnartness combined witli perfect fit and good value with low price...yonH find it hard to believe, until you've become a confirmed Freeman cushnuOT.
wamn WMva aMMots
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
412 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
Boilermakers Launch New Gridiron Schedule Against Oldest Rival-Butler Purdue’s oldest gridiron rival will provide the opposition this Saturday as the Boilermakers launch their 1937 football season against the doughty Butler crew. Fifty years ago the Gold and Black suffered at the short end of a 4$-6 score
as it put its first football team
Butler Game Crowd To Benefit By New 20 Acre Parking Lot Numerous improvements in and about the Ross-Ade Stadium, designed to increase the comfort of the spectators and eliminate traffic congestion, will greet the crowd that turns out Saturday for Purdue’s 1937 football opener with But-
ler.
Perhaps the most significant improvement is the new upper parking lot of approximately 20 acres just northwest of the stadium proper which will be open to the public for the first time Saturday. This new free parking area practically doubles the available parking space for football games. New Entrance Gates For the convenience of those who utilize the new upper parking area, two new entrance gates have been provided at the stadium, one for east stand tickets and one for west stand tickets. The new gates, that will be well marked, are located just south of the stadium curve on each side. In addition to the new parking lot the old free parking area on Intramural Field will also be available for traffic approaching the stadium from the south. In order to reach the Intramural parking area, cars will be routed west on State Street to Russell Street, and north to the eiitrance on Third Street. Ticket Sales Both reserved seat and general admission tickets for the PurdueButler football game on Saturday have been placed on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette and Deac’s and at Southworth’s in West Lafayette, as well as over the counter at the Purdue ticket office. Reserved seats are priced at each, including tax, while the bargain general admission tickets, that will admit to good seats in the north curve, are priced at only $1.00, in eluding tax.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
on the field against Butler. Unknown Colamn The result of tomorrow’s game is being put in the “unknown” column as Butler’s brilliant record of last year is weighted against the untested Purdue eleven of this year which was dealt a severe blow last diploma season. Judging from advance ticket sales, a record opening day crowd will be on tap for the kick-off, although there will be plenty of reserved seat tickets, as well as several thousand general admission tickets available at game time. The opening day crowd will be swelled by several thousand Boy Scouts who will be the guests of the athletic department for the afternoon. Lineup Mai Elward will probably feature last year’s tegulars and reserves in the opening lineup. One of the likeliest starting combinations will include Powell and Zachary, ends; Capt. Schreyer and Woltman, at tackles; Knorr and Grant, guards; Humphrey, center; Hennis, quarterback; Cecil Isbell, left halfback; Selby, right halfback; and Ippolito, fullback. Billiard Team Nucleus Will Include Three Veterans Prospects for the return of the pocket billiard trophys, lost last season to Cornell and Wisconsin, are excellent because of the return of three crack cuemen and a host of promising newcomers. Ingleman, Ambrose, and Steed are the returning veterans, and together with two of the newcomers are expected to form the Purdue Intercollegiate team that will endeavor to bring the trophieg back home. A definite date for the closing of entries has not yet been decided upon by those in charge, but aWards of three prizes to the first three men, in each tournament has been planned. Tournaments are being held in pocket billiards, three cushions, and “fourteen one.” Already entered in the pocket billiards are Boone, Darrow, Fletcher, Ingleman, Milvo, Minpey, Mitchell, Weisman, and Zachary.
Children’s Dancing Classes Organized BALLET AND TAP ENROLL SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 25th
BALLET CLASSES Senior, Age 9-14—10:45 A. M. Baby, Age 4-6—1:30 P. M. Junior, Age 7-9—2:15 P. M.
TAP CLASSES Senior, Age 9-14—10:00 A. M. Junior, Age 4-6—3:00 P. M. Intermediate, Age 7-9—3:45 P. M.
ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
Deac has a full line of YELLO-BOLE PIPES H. G. (Deac) Reisner
POPCORN Take a large sack of our delicious popcorn to the game DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2,082.106 _ YELLO-BOLE LATEST DISCOVERY IN PIPES This new way of burning tobacco j^ves you g better, cooler,, cleaner smoke. Updraft of air froai bottom cools smoke, keeps bowl absolutely takes rawness out of any tobacco, improves coia^ bustion. Carburetor YeUo-Bole also gives you tho famous honey-treated bowl. Motldng else has iti flavor. At dealers* now*ffv
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, September 24, 1937
Church To Dedicate Pipe Organ Sunday Formal dedication of a new pipe org-an at the West Lafayette First Methodist Episcopal church will be included in the morning worship Sunday, Dr. Otto Steele, minister, announced yesterday. Dr. Claude Young, Lafayette district superintendent, is to be the speaker, with Dr. Steele delivering the formal dedication ritual. A set of chimes donated by H. M. Anderson and wife, will also be dedicated in memoiy of Paul Tincher, former director of the choir. In the evening. Prof. Van Thompson, head of the music school of DePauw University will present an organ recital.
Victor Release
• 25665 I STILL LOVE TO KISS YOU GOODNIGHT I’D LIKE TO SEE SAMOA OF SAMOA Hal Ki^emp and Orchestra
• 25^66
I SURRENDER, DEAR PIANO STOMP Lionel Hampton and Orchestra • 25667 SWEET VARSITY SUE WHY TALK ABOUT LOVE? Bunny Berigan and Orchestra • 25668 VIENI—VIENI Ronnie Munro and Orchestra FIDGETY FEET Nick LaRocca and the Dixieland Band
IsSir^iCfflrdl McLean Music Co. MAIN ST. LAFAYETTE
Union Executives Set Oct. 1 Deadiine For Sophomore Work Aspirants To Report All sophomores interested in Union work must report at the Student Union office before October 1, according to L. E. Putze, Union executive. Sophomores will bo accepted regardless of wliether they worked as freshmen or not. It will be necessary to fill out questionnaires, after which the prospective workers will be assigned to a committee and expected to work on Union activities. About 80 sophomores have already turned out, but more will be accepted, said Putze. The Union office will be open for registration every day after school from 4 until 6 o’clock.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
—TODAY—4:15— H. M. Baugh vs. H. D. Pogue A. D. Topping Vs. Bob Breeden J. W. Alston vs. A. H. Johnston E. Duval vs. D. S. Campbell Darrow vs. Stroub P. E. Johnson vs. Croxall or McGrath Richardson vs. Billings Juve vs. Woodson Powell vs. Ayer Brockman vs. R. W. Anderson or Oyler Thompson vs. Tillson D. Douglass vs. Prey or Chenoweth Wagner or Bissell vs. Housekeeper or L’Heureux Vaughn vs. Fleming Frye vs. Nicklas or Catterall D. C. Meyer vs. Wilkins or Gershuny Hargesheimer vs. Monger or Belding Lown vs. Curry Hebbeler or Boksenbom vs. Ludberg or Lownie ^ J. H. Johnson vs. Hufford Three Venezuelan Health Workers To Enroll Here Dean Howard E. Enders of the science school recently received word that three members of the Venezuelan health department, the Messrs. DLeon, Berti, and Montesinos, are coming to the University for special work in bacteriology, parasitology, and certain courses in hydraulic engineering. These men are being senl here by their government for training for their work in the health service in Venezuela. This decision has developed since Dr. Wm. Headlee, of the staff at the University, and Eimest Magoon, Ph. D. ’37, have been engaged in health work in Central and South America. Hui^dred Stydents Sign Up For Playshop Work Approximately 100 people are signed up for Playshop, according to the figures of yesterday’s registration. Registration for any production or busines^s phase of Playshop will continue this afternoon from 4 to 6 o’clock on the second floor of the Union Building.
Student Union Names New Committeemen (Continued from Page 1)
J. Messmore, Margaret MacBride, Isabefia Forsberg, Josephine Thomas, Virginia Wilking. Samuclson: R. Moninger, R. Lynch, D. Meyers, R. Sheckell, C. Coan, J. Williamson, J. Flanagan, Leonie Beebe, Eva Robertson, Margaret Saurer, and Mary Lee Hickman. Jacobson: W. Rertenwall, C. Ruppert, J. Kerwin, B. Gobeille, A. Cornell, J. McGrath, H. Mayorhofer, Georgia Walker, Lucy Demoret, Ruth Hall, Dorothy Hardin. Garland: L. Drabing, J. Ashton, R. Reed. S. Peterson, H. Heubner, H. Schryver, R. Hastings, Mary Jane Laramore, Mary Francis Oliver, Ruth Zimmerman. Harper: K. Dinking, R. Culbert, C. Jackman, D. Hartman, J. Hardin, V. Hruby, F. Hallett, Muriel Smith, Carolyn Lemon, and Ruth Randall. Taylor: C. Patrick, J. Wright, P. Cooper, F. Lewis, J. Lindeman, C. Lutz, Catherine Carley, Jane Robinson, Margaret Stocker! Martha Wood: Joanne Edson, Georgianna Baker, Mary Frances Oliver, Mary Jane Laramore, Dorothy Hardin, Ruth Hall, Mary McClelland, Marjorie Schurman. Phyllis CroBsman: Ruth Zimmerman, Lucy Demoret, Georgia Walker, Mary Lee Hickman, Margaret Saurer, Eva Robertson, Leouie Beebe, Helen \Landgrebe. Francis Eastburn: Muriel Smith, Carolyn Lemon, Ruth Randall, Vivian Phelps, Jane Robinson, Mary Ellen Foresman, Louise Paniel, Catherine Carley. Eleanor Turner: Thais Crepps, Virginia Josephine Thomas, Isabelle Forsberg, Margaret McBride, Margaret Stocker, and Arnella Kneer.
Local Ads
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable typewriters for only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side.
FOR RENT—Half of double room at 224 N. Salisbury. Phone 61774.
WANTED—Bass fiddle, guitar, and baritone sax men. Call 5317. SALE OR TRADE—Light Chrysler sedan, 30 model. Excellent condition. Call 41051—Simmons, 204 Marstellar.
ROOM AND BOARD—Vacancy for one student. 108 Waldron. Ph. 41852.
FOR RENT—Half of double room $10 per month. 422 N. Salisbury. Phone 2904.
Fuller Brushes—Bristle comb for 2.69, the modern hairbrush. D. R.
Douglas, 636 Perrin avenue. Phones 3417 or 36352.
FOR RENT—Large room for two or three students. 40 N. Salisbury. Excellent accommodations. See Mrs. Dray.
FOR SALE—1 pair basic boots. Size 9-C. Worn twice. Bargain price.
LOST—Purse in locker room of Women’s "Gym Friday. Please return to Miss Knight, Women’s Gym. Reward.
LOST — Freshman Brinkley’s Chemistry book, Tuesday afternoon. Reward. Call Pinkerton, 55551.
Notices
Chi Epsilon: Meeting at 8 p. m. September 24 in Memorial Union Building. —ROSE.
Date Bureau: W. S. G. A. office will be open only from 4 to 6 p. m., September 24. —BAIN.
Pianists: Pianist for weekly radio program. Apply to undersigned before September 2B, at 128 North Grant street after 4 o’clock. —MERRIAM.
University Orchestra: The following will report, Monday, September 27 at 8 p. m., to the studio in Eliza Fowler Hall for rehearsal. This does not include several of those whose tryouts have been deferred: Appleyard, Bigelow, Diggins, Ebei-hardt, Greger, Hackleman, Hart, Hartley, Hocker, Jewett, Jones, Kimmel, Newhouse, Orlowski, Peterson, Pressler, Rifenburgh, Robertson E., Robertson J., Schlitter, Schoger, Schreiber, Schuttte, Senne, Stroup, Suardi, 'Thomas, Wood, Woodward, Wyzykowski, Zettel. —PHILLIPS.
W. A. A.: Cabin first aid meeting September 29, at 7 :15 in the Women’s Gym. All girls who are taking or intend to take the cabin leadership course should attend. —SWICK.
C. E. 80: All students go to registrar’s office and have assignment cancelled. —SONESON.
Pistol Team: A meeting of all members of the Pistol Team will be held at 4 p. m. Friday, September 24 in room 201, Armory —Important. —CAPTAIN KAY.
Novice Pistol: Training will start Tuesday, September 28. Students can sign up at the Military Dept, supply room any time after 8 a. m., September 23. —CAPTAIN KAY.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting September 24 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 :15 p. m. All old members and new students who are interested are urged to attend. Social hour after meeting. —CARACCIOLO.
W. A. A.; Cabin open house Sunday, September 26, from 3 till 6. Students and faculty invited. A group will leave the women’s Gym at 2:30 . —SWICK.
Lucien Lelong's Presentation Package of Face Powder
7 ^tades
LIMITED quantity Ome of the handsomest boxes youve ever seen->-a truly remarkable value to introduee Lueien Lelon^’s **Duvetyn” Face Powder. Contains 7 shades with paf£s—-fun for you to try or for your guests. Better hurry downi Chtr Quantity i« limited! DECKER’S 518.20 Main St.
Full length men’s hose in latest fall designs. 25c
Full cut with balloon seat and pleated front— they’re roomy. Suede Jacket $5.85
White Dress Shirts..
Champaign or Grey and Brown MacKonough in the latest fall styles. 98c
New Fall Ties
48c (
Shoes for Fall
$2.98
Suspenders
48c
Slacks, all wool
...$2.98 up
Fall Coats— Trench Coats
...?2.98 up
Corduroy Pants
$2.98
Wool Sweaters
$2.98
Pots 39c
224 MAIN ST.
RELIABLE
224 MAIN ST.
Exponent Co-eds: Afternoon office has been changed from Fifth street to room E on the main floor of the Memorial Union •BuiWing. Report promptly at four o’clock each day. —PYKE.
Union Workers: My committee will meet September 26 at 4 p. m. in workshop. —MATTHEWS.
Freshman Exponent Workers: 'The following freshman schedules have been made. Monday: Middleton, Musser, Lower. Tuesday: Beer, Strickland, Thompson, Wunderlich. Wednesday: Fournier, Gregory. Thursday: Robson, Gaddis. Friday: Connelly, McKee, Meyers, Van Hook, Grass. Saturday: Blocker, Maudlin, Ross, Wheeler. Those named should report to the "stooge” on the night preceding their names on the above schedule at 4 p. m. at the Exponent office, 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette. —BROCK. Union Sophomores: Please report to th^ Union office as soon as possible after 1 p. September 24. EASTBURN, WOOD, TURNER.
Roger Williams Club: Hike September 24, at 6 :30 p. m. Meet at the West Lafayette Baptist Church. —CAMPBELL.
Senior Women: Black and Gold streamers will be worn September 25 instead of cord skirts, which will be issued for the home-coming game. —BOSCO.
Senior Women: All co-eds come out for pep session September 2i. Plans are being made for a snake dance around the bon-fii-e. —BOSCO.
Intramural Golf: Following men declared ineligible for 1937-1938, September 24: E. I. Anderson, R. A. Baske, J. K. Davis, K. Freese, and D. H. Meissner. —BIXLER.
Gimlet: Meet at Armory at 4 p. m. September 24 to get wood for bonfire. —BROWN. Skull and Crescent: Meet at Armory at 4 p. m., September 24 to get wood for the bonfire. —DREVER.
Reamer Club: Meet at Armory at 4 p. m. September 24 to get wood for bonfire. —ROSS.
Men’s Glee Club: Rehearsal September 24, at 4:30 p. m. —PHILLIPS.
P. I. A .Orchestra: There will be no prac-
tice September 24, because of pep seesion. —SHINN.
P. I. A. Members: We have an opening in our association for someone interested in designing programs and backdrops. Apply at the P. I. A. office in the Memorial Union Building September 24 between 1 and 5:30 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Freshman Engineers: Meet for engineering lectures at 8 a. m., September 25 by divisions as listed; Div. A, C. E. Building, Div. B, Michael Golden Shops, Div. C, E. E. Building, Div. D, M. E. Building.. Assigned seats will be posted in the above buildings by Friday noon. Complete assignments will be posted in Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
Christian Science Organization: Regular leeting to be held in Memorial Union Building, room B, at 7 :30 p. m. September 28. —WINTER.
Sophomore Engineers: Drawing plates for semester 1: PM 12, and semester 2: PM 11 and PM 12, may be had at room 202, Michael Golden Shops until October 4. —RISING.
Found: Student who lost engineering drawing problem book and work sheet blue ticket, call at Michael Golden Shops, room 202. —RISING.
Ushers and Police: The following men report at the Stadium at 4 p. m. September 24: H. Ahrens, V. Anhorn, R. Aull, R, Bailey, J. Baker, N. Barsha, M. Bell, R. Berry, M. Bowen, C. Bredes, T. Breslin, B. Brough, W. Carnes, D. Catron, J. Ciborski, R. Clark, W. Clarke, H. M. Coffing, C. M. Coplen, G. Craig, R. Dean, F. E. DeLaCroix, J. DeMar, R. Dean, G. Doherty, L. Douglas, R. Fifield. T. L. Gardner, R. Gfeenburg, H. Greiger, S. Griffith, H. Grubb, J. Halbert, P. Hannah, P. Harrison, L. Haverkamp, W. Hearne, S. Heine, H. Helstrom, P. Hobson, V. T. Holloway, R. Holzbach, W. Hostetler, W. Hull, D. Hutt, J. Jackson, W, Jackson, 'T. F. Jelnick, G. Johnson, T. Johnson, Kempton, B. Kilgore, W. Klein, S. Kona, J, Kunkel. E. Laramore, D. Leibengood, R. Lemen, Linkoske, L. E. Lucas, C. Lupear, S. Lyboult, U. McConnell, M. L. Munson, H. Nickey, S. Noblet, S. Novak, R. Osterheimer, J. Petty, B. Polifroni, W. Prechter, R. Ray, C. Read, E. V. Reed, B. Reish, P. Reznik, C. Richenback, Rienke, H. W. Ritchey, W. Roby, E. Roskewski. J. Sapirie, H. Schaich, L. W. Small, O. Smitt, C. Snyder, J. South, B. Sparks, M. Stamm, D. Stangle, D. Starbuck, W. Stevens, W. Taylor, J. Thompson, J. V. Tippy, J. Toth, G. Tredwell, D. Utter, F. VanAbeele, J. Vernon, A. VonGlahn, W. H. Vick, j. Wadsworth, J. Waling, J. Walkey, R. Ward, C. Watkins, B. Werner, M. Wildish, P. Wolf, G. Wolfe, C. Yngve. —SANDERS.
• Purdu©
Exponent
1 Service Directory
■— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
‘‘DEAC” Everything for a
College Education H. G. REISNER
— Recreation —
5 Spot
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
'SiULQljuh 212 N. 5th St. “Profitable Recreation”
— Florist —
— Furniture —
^ih J’loAMi Inc. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
Student Equipment Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
110 VINE ST. West Lafayette 501 MAIN ST. In the Lahr House 910 KOSSUTH ST. 1616 EAST MAIN at Five Points 1301 NORTH 14th ST. Two Blocks North of St. Flizaheth Hospital