' 4
' rAiV '! ■ ’'’ '.’' V' .-"' w,' i-' . . ; '''!?• “ ', . f- -v"') ‘
»«*
Sdpholm^rds Dance At Cotillion Tonight f^tom 8:30 To 12:30
Ettablished 1889
XfM4ie4lt ^ Daily Since 1906
' y ■>‘*H * ! ' ' Af h>
'U%'
4
Pro#. Rofimioii
At Fourth War Cbrtvd In Fowler Hall Td^li^
Voliime 53', No. 129
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, February 27, l|^
id
WtSIMinOH MERRy-«0-MUM
Robinson Will ta/fcSophomore Cotiliion Offers At DBfBtisc Convo gyj^Q^djfQfg LonQ S Orchestra Tonight
Professor Of Political Science Will Sneak a. er
Professor Of Political Science Will Speak On Bill Of Rights In Fowler Hall At 4 Today
An open professional meeting will be held by the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, professional
Prof. J. W. Robinson will speak on “The Bill of Rights in journalistic fraternity, tomorrow Time of War” this afternoon at 4 in Fowler Hall, for the evening, with discvission being led fourth in the Student War Council’s series of defense con- prominent midwest journal-
vocations
'. , - ,1 • i i ‘jt 1 i. .1 Dave Thompson, editor of Prairie
Discussing aspects of current interest with regard to the
Bill of Rights, Prof. Robinson will toll of the numerous prob- farm journals, and J. R. Benhan,
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Knox Commits Publicity boners; Navy Admirals Resent His Promotions WASHINGTON, Feb. 26—In view of th* fact that President Roosevelt once made a great national issue over keeping “Nine 0)4 Me?!” op the Supreme Court, THE WASHINGTON MERRY-GO-ROliND has suggested that the President miglit consistently dispense with the “Four Old iHifen” in his cabinet—Secretaries lluli, Slimson, Knox and .lores— all around seventy, who hold important war jobs. This is the third column in the series on the “Four Old Men.”—Ed.) For a man who has spent his life In the newspaper profession and is one of America’s foremost publishers, Secretary of the Navy Knox iiertainly has a tough time with his press relations. On the same week that the .Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, Flank Knox was out on the newsstands with an Ameidcan Magazine cover proclaiming to the American public: “We Can Defend Ourselves in Two Oceans.” And now> a few weeks later, Mr. Krtox anpounces: “We’ve an awful lo|; of bread to butter, and it will haVd to be buttered very thin.” A public relations bull like this might be considered just bad luck, If it hadn’t happened so often. feut after demanding that the American press not divulge the operations of American airplanes and personnel cooperating with the British before wc were in the war, the good Colonel came out with an article in Collier’s disclosing that an American naval observer was present in the Amcrican-built plane which sighted the Bismarck. Again, after it had been oflicially announeed that the U. S. destroyer Greer was attacked first by a Nazi submarine, Secretary Knox’s Navy Department scut a letter to the Senate stating that the Greer was helping a British airplane pnr.sue the submarine. • Knox Smells News Colonel Knox’s chief trouble is that as an old newspaperman he is just loo anxious to burst ipto print. He can smell a good story (See Merry-Go-Round On I'agc 2) Junior, Senior Science flen To Hear Personnel Discussion On Tuesday All junior and senior men in the School of Beiohee will meet ne.\t Tuesday to furlhei- actjuaiiiL themselves with the functions of llie Univeisity Personnel Service, especially the student and alumni record files and the placenient piocodure. Dean _ Enders of the Science School and W. E. Voglcr, Dircctoi of Personnel, will meet with the ipep in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall Tuesday, March ,3, at 4 p. m. The use of new Personnel Record Forms prepared by the Personnel Oflicc will be discussed by Vogler. The Science men will be required to report to the Conference Room in the Executive Bldg, to complete the now forms on cither Thursday, March 5, or Fiiday, March 6. The now lecord forms aie of a permanent nature, to be used now and in the future in helping .students and alumni of the University to obtain employment upon graduation and glso latci. One .side of the card will contain a complete account of the student’s .scholastics, activity, employment, and family background. In one coiner is a spot fpr the Student’s registration photo- ' graph.
lems it presents in time of war and of the ways in which it must be curtailed. Amendments and laws passed by Congress regarding the Bill will
be reviewed.
Professor Of Political Science Professor of Political Science in the government department, he has had an excellent backgi’ound of
Constitutional law. After obtaining fessor of mathematics and natural two degrees in government from philosophy at Harvard University, Stanford University, he took a spe- spoke before an open meeting of cial study in Constitutional law at the University chapter of Sigma Xi,
national fratci-nity for the promotion of scientific research, last
Harvard Professor Speaks To Sigma Xi On Pressure Study Dr. P. W. Bridgman, Hollis pro-
Skull And Crescent Sponsors Annual Class Formal In Union
I.
Limited number of tickets are still available in the Cashier’s office for the annual Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled to be held in the main ballroom of the Union tonight, 8:30 to 12:30. Johnny Long’s band will travel to the campus to provide music for this affair, which is sponsored by Skull and Crescent,
sophomore activities honorary.
Before the dance, members of Skull and Crescent and th^
Officers of Sigma Delta Chi said versity will unite to present their dates will meet in the East Faculty Lounge for a formal dih-
editor of the Terre Haute Star, will talk on agricultural journalism and the effect of the war on the city
daily, respectively.
Meeting In Old Chestnut Room
Music Groups Unite To Present Annual Convo Tomorrow Choir,Glee Club To Give Nation's History In Song Musical organizations of the Uni-
yesterday that the meeting, which annual convocation which tomoris scheduled for 7:15 in the Old row at 7 p. m. in the Music Hall Chestnut Room of the Union, is members of Men’s Glee Club, the open to anyone on campus, student Concert Choir, the University Choir, or faculty member. the University Orchestra and the Preceding the meeting, the cam- Symphonic band will participate in
Harvard.
Future Speaker Professor Estey
the program.
Special Arrangements
Under the direction of “Spots” Emrick who arranged his selections
of I lie history, Bridgman, an authority on
high pressure tcjpics, is one of the rpeakers addressing colleges over the countiy, in the Sigma Xi annual scries. He spoke in the lec-
economics and goveriimciit department will speak in the near futiu’c
on “Post-War Economics.”
These convocations, whose pur- , „ , „ , „ 4-., „ • 4 lu 4 1 4 tui'G room 01 Stanley Coulter Hall
poses arc to acquaint the student
body with the reasons for and the effects of war, are free of charge and passports arc not needed for admission. Beyond The Horizon T0 Start Wednesday; Tickets Still On Sale Tickets for all performances of Playshop’s new production, “Beyond the Horizon,” are still available, W. L. Deam, Playshop director has announced. The curtain will go up next Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. and the drama will be piesented at the same time the following night. It will begin at 8 p. m. on Friday and Saturday. The stage crew under the direction of Sam Marks has planned an elaborate series of scenes to set off the story of two Vermont farm families. Eugene O’Neill involves the lives of two brolhers and a young girl iii the tliree-act drania. Since it is necessary to give the appearance of country scenes, a full size tree will be used in the sets Special Lighting Effects Tlic lighliiig crew, under Carloll Martindcll as eliairman, is eniployhig lighting ccects to give depth and distance to the scenes. The play was first pieseiiled iii I lie Little Tlieatrc in New York and IS one of the first three net dianuis nriteii by O’Neill. Origimilly pi,lulled foi llie Barrymore brotliers, the leading parts wei’c finally awarded to Itiehiird Beiiiielt and Edw.ud Arnold, lu the Playshop^ vei.Moii Artliui Baral) ;iik1 Ted Leiiiliciger will play the Mayo lirolhers, and liilly EiieK cie.itco the role of lieroiiie Cast Dlembcrs Other ineiubcis of the casl include Harold Warren as Dick Scott, a sea cajitaiii; Lois Jane Vaughn as Rulli’s mollier; John Clark as the father, James Mayo; Lcinoyiie Fariiswoith as Dr. Fawcett; ’rome Busluiell as the hired man; Doris Tiibblc as the inothei, Mrs. Kate
Mayo.
Regular Saturday Mixer Will Oiler Defense Theme Saturday’s legular Union mixer w'ill be held from 8:30 to 11:30 in the South Ballroom. Carrying out a defense, theme, the backdrop will feature a boy lu navy uniform and a girl in army droifs.' Regular admission price of .jif.lO will prevail.
Discusses Jligh Pressures Topic of the addicss was “Some Recent Work in the Field of High Pressure.” Effects of high pressure and problems created by such pressures as 400.000 atmospheres, which have been developed in the laboratory, were discussed by Dr. Bridgman. Steps involved in raising this liigh pressure were dis-
cussed.
Excepting substances of the simplest internal structure, all substances undergo sudden reversible transformations at varying temperatures and pressures. Two notable exceptions which did not r-evert to their original form Avere a black form of phosphorus from yellow' Iihosphorus and a black solid form of carbon bisulphide which is ordinarily a clear liquid. Relation to Conductivity Dr. Bridgman stated tliat pressure changes tlic electrical conductivity of subs taiiccs, especially in the case of poor conductors. At 30,000 atmospheies, the increase of conductivity ia good metallic conductors was only up to about seven times, but conductivity of tellurium, a poor conductor, was increased to tiOO times its value at atmospheric jnessui e.
re-elected at the Indianapolis meet ing of the A. P Forensic Applicants Must Submit Petitions Before Monday Noon
pus chapter of the journalistic fraternity will initiate Thompson and Benhani as professional members. Besides editing the Star, Benham is
also president of the Indiana Asso- „ ... , . . , , _ , . ,, , from the original symphonic score, ciated Press, having recently been , -T. • n/ 4, «rr.u
the band will give Mozart s “The Marriage of P’igaro,” Strauss’ “Voices of Spring,” and Tschaikowsky’s “1812 Overture.” One of the highlights of the program will be the combination of the University Choir, the Concert Choir, and the Men’s Glee Club in a musical review of United States history from the Revoluntionary War to the present day. “The Daniel Webster Collect,” a musical interpretation
Applications for junior and senior Webster’,s Charleston speech, will ])ositioiis in forensic managers must presented. The orchestra be turned in at the West Desk of will be featured m the “Oberon
the Union by noon Monday, March Overture. 1. The petitions should indicate the Concert Tours
applicant’s experience, interest in Musical talent on the campus has managerial w'ork and scholarship received"^inuch recognition in recent index. years. Last year alone, the Concert Duties of the forensic managers Choir and Men’s Glee Club traveled
include organizing intramural 2500 miles for out of town engage- diana governor and present director speech contest.^, making local ar- ments. Appearances have been of the Office of Agriculture Defense langemciits foi iiitereollegiatc de- made at Palmer House Empire Relations, will speak to the farmers hates qnd planning for the^ annual Room and the Panther Room at the of central and northwestern. Inhigh school deshaters conlercnce. Hotel Sherman in Chicago, and pro- diana farmer war bqards, farm maPositions to be called by senior gi-ams have been given over nation- chinery emergency committees, and men arc fhose of senior vaisity wide hookups. This year a radio farm implement dealers here tofoieiisic manager and director of series was inaugurated over WBAA morrow' moi’iiing. His address will publicity. Coed jobs open are stu- which presents recitals every Fri- t)c given in the new Agricultural dciit manager of high school dc- day afternoon at 4:15 p. m Engineering Building on the south
haters’ conference and coed varsity D^^rs Open At 6:45
Doois to the Music Hall w'lll open at C:45 p. m and student passports
johnny Long
Townsend Will Talk To Farmer Groups Tomorrow Morning M. Clifford Townsend, former In-
maiiager. The manager of student speakers bureau may be either an cd 01 a coed. For each of these five seiiioi offices there are two junior
positions to be filled.
campus.
Townsend will discuss “Machinery for the Army and Macliinery
or season tickets will be honored, for the Farms—A National EnierSiiiglc admission tickets will be gency.” Questions of how serious available at the door 'for 55 cents, will be the shortage of new' farm
Contest For Backdrop Dr. Long Conducts
i
Sportswomen Club Sponsor Will Close Saturday Srudy Of Teaching
Mixed Recreation Tonight
equipment and repair parts and what adjustments Indiana farmers
should make to meet the farm ma- been advanced to 1. Corsages Wil^
ner. Guests at the dinner will be Prof. F. C. Hockema, W. A* Bodden, Dean Fisher, L. M. Vallely, and Prof. C. S. Doan, one of the faculty sponsora of Skull and Crescent. Formed In 1931 The Long band, formed at Dliko University in 1931, during JobnnjPs freshman year there, received little popular recognition until 1940 when the band appeared at the Roselandl ballroom in New York. After that, the band went to the Hotel New Yorker where a three weeks' eti' gagement was stretched into a record breaking five month stand. Helen Young Sings Featured female vocalist with the band is blond songstress Helen Young, who has been with the or-' ganization for three years. Miss Young handles most of the novelty songs, and occasionally turns to
ballads.
Baritone Bob Houston joined ^ Long’s band after a music publisher heard a record of the young aingePs voice. Bob left the job of managinj^ his father’s printing shop to follow his singing career. He handles the major share of ballad singing -
the band.
Comes From Chicago Theater Long’s band, which is one a no-tion-wide tour, comes to the cOi^pus after a week’s engagement'St the Chicago Theater. Other recent engagements were at the ChaSS Hotel, St. Louis; Copley PlottO Hotel, Boston, and the Roseland Ballroom in New York. The band features thirteen musicians, eight of whom were mem-^ hers when the band was forihod at Duke in 1931. Coed Hours Coed hours for the Cotillion havo
Regular iiuxtd recreation night will be held this evening from 7 ;80 to 10 111 the Memorial Gym. There will lie bwiinniing at 8, with a leu cent fee for men. Coeds and eds may also play liadmiiiton, volley li.ill, ping pong, shuffieboard aiul baskelbull. Daiieiiig will lie li'-bl fujui 9 to 10 111 the main gyiii, to iiuioie provided by records. University Sportswomen Club spoiihois llie recreation jieriod, tliis Friday’s liciiig tlic foui’lh in the series.
Toiiuniow at 0 ji. in. is the deadline for the annual f’loui backdrop coiitcsl wliieli began Jau. 29. Final sketehe.s may be submitted to either Harry Hudson or Jim Reeves lu the Student Union Office. Judges for the iilaiis W'lll be member5 of the
I’l 0111 Coniiiulli e.
'J’lie I heme is to be original and mu A iiieliuie complete iilaiis lor the baekdroii, baud fioiils, and any additional deeoratioiis for the ceiling or walls. 'J'lie apiiroxiiiiati' cost of the design may not exceed $100 and all eoiibtriu’tioii details must be given with the eiitiy.
In Home Economics Over GOO girls 111 vocational home econoinics departments in thirtytwo high schools throughout the
chinery problems of this year and the years immediately ahead will be discussed by the former governor. The program w'ill start promptly at 10:30 a. m., with Townsend’s speech. Immediately following, there will be a round table discussion on questions supplied by the
Symphonic Band To Play Tschaikowsky Overture In Hall Of Music Tomorrow
By H. W. Koch Students and tovr'iispcople will massed orchestra of ovei a thouhave an opportunity to see and hear sand musicians together with a
Fire
... in a w'astebasket of a restroom on the second fioor of the Union w-as 1 csponsible for a smoke-filled northwest cornel of the building about 10:20 last night. Two local firetiucks made theii appearance but the .source of the smoke had been discovered and no serious damage was repoited from the third campus “powder room i)re.”
the University Symphonic Band play Peter Ilyitch Tschaikowsky’s Overfure Solennelle more commonly known as 1812 Overture tomorrow evening m the Hall of Music at the Musical Convocation. Tsehaikowsky’s Dverturc The beginning of the cud for Napoleon dated 1812 with the icIrcat from Moscow. Tschaikowsky has composed an excellent overture using the French Marseillaise, the Russian National Anthem, and the Russian Hymn God Preserve Thy People, Now', m the ycai 1942 the Germans instead of the French have been held back by stolid Slav resistance. In the 1812 Overture, TschaiUow'sky has captured the Russian spirit, that spirit w'hich motivates men to die rather than
be captured.
The premier perfoimanee was given at St. Petersburg, where a
company of artillery were said to have produced a wonderful effect. According to latest reports, "Spots” Emrick has been seen in the Arm01 y gazing fondly at the 75’s. Baud Numbers A concert waltz Voiees of Spring by Strauss. Sousa’s Stars and Stripes Foi ever, and the Marriage of Figaro by Mozart complete the band’s share of the piograin. Playshop Wll| Hold Crew Cast- Tryoufs Next Week Tryouts for the cast and crew of the final Playshop production, “The Male Animal,” will be held next Monday and Tuesday, Mar. 2 and 3, in Fowler Hall. Bill Deam, Playshop director, who will give the auditions, announced that previous Playshop experience will not be re-
quired.
state are being used as subjects of audience with the University agriaii experiment to delerniiiie the culture engineering staff particiviilue of a newly piesciibod eouise pating 111 the discussion,
of study, 'riie experiment is under the dueetion of Dr. Alma Long, of the University division of education and applied psyeliolugy. Half of the gioup under observation IS follow'iiig the prescribed coin sc of study wliieh empliasizes problems to be solved. Tlic other hair, si'lected to mateli llie fir^L group ill previous traiiiiiig aiul type of scliool attended, is following the type of program usually given. This latter half will serve as a control against which to inaleh the aehievements of the first group upon completion of the experiment. This experiment is part of an extensive investigation of subject matter, achicvemeiils and methods of teaching now in use in the fiekl of lioine economies for the high school student. The particular field which is now under obscivalion is Health and Home Caie of the Sick.
Economist’ Confers With Ag Departmenf J. H. Marshall, Regional Supervisor of the Bureau ‘of Agriculture Economics, Milwaukee, Wis., was
on the campus Thursday to confer PIA
with mcmbcis oi the Farm Management Department on reseat eh |nojecLs now being carried out 111 Brown and Parke counties. A proposal for a cooperative study of farm real estate puces was also discussed Dr. E. L. Blitz of the Farm Management Department, will head a research project studying this prob-
lem.
AWS Marriage Lectures For Upperclass Women h Begin Monday In Union Marital b'ctuies which are annually sponsored liy AWS and are open to all senior women and a limited number of juniors will be held ill the West Faculty Lounge of the Union at 7:30 beginning March 3. Those juniors wishing to attend the four lectures must obtain special permission tliiough lequests to Jane McCoueli or Agnes McCulloch of the AWS office. Tlie first lecture will be held next Tuesday, Mai eh 3, when Dr. Mane Wessels will speak on “Mniuage as a Nor-
mal Function ”
On March 9, Di Fuuices Hauiielt
will address llie group on “Happiness 111 Mainagc.” Di Lueui Towei will discuss “Hygiene 111 Mainage” on Mai eh 17, Dr. Ralph Geiald speaking on “Mainagc from a
Point of View,” March 24.
be in order for the evening. Tickets for the dance are $1.66, and adittiS* sion may be obtained upon presentation of the tickets and student
passports.
Twenty Bridge Teams File Tourney Entries Approximately twenty teaMs have filed their entries for the annual All-Campus Contract Bridge Tournament. The first rouhd is scheduled to begin Saturday after* noon, March 7, at 1. Today Is th* deadline for entries. Gold and silver trophies will be awarded to the champion and Will* ner-up teams. The tournament is sponsored bjf the Union. C. B. Kemmer is bH charge of the tournament this yeaf. Exponent Juniors Junior edition today. Report to office at 1. —Brophy
. . will hold tlie regular tea dame tomorrow afteuioon fioni 3 to 5:30 p. m. Ill the south ballioom of the Union. Nuises tioiii St, Elizabeth and Home Hospitals will be special guests. Coeds and PLY membol’s will be admitted free and there will be a fee of tea cents for others. Music will be provided by records.
University Camera Clu|^ Will Hold Spring Exhibit University Camera Club, aftiiouiiced last night that its anjpiAl spiiiig exhibit has been set for April 18 ami will be held in the Music Room of the Union. Tbi$ exhibit is open to all students and. staff' members and prizes will bd given foi the best exhibits*. Priaes aie hs follows for student amateiiipt student advanced and staff exhlbitst first prize $5, second piize $3, ftSd third prize $1. Rules for the contest may bo eb* tained fiom the Camera Club IG inch by 20 inch mounting boa^M and dry mounting tissues, obtained at the west desk of tlU) U iiion.
H'ur?
'14,
mm
'I" ‘'fsPtirdue
m
Ftidtty^ Fehrumy:2F,}
m'v )illiijiiipiii
TOKy^-
•BERLIN
^&£iL
NIWNM*"
'-OA>IOi-
-iviov
With yesterday’s news of the planes over Los 4Lngelcs, avc have set aside the time it takes us to ^rite this insult,to our English 31 instructor to worry about the possibility of an invasion of our campus. Suppose some Saturday, night about half hour after coed hours,several hundred enemy aircraft appeared oveThead! They couldn't miss the place with the gals in WRH sitting up and telling each other about their dates—the place is lit up like a .draftee the night he gets his induction papers, and the gabbing sounds like a broadcast of one of Hitler’s speeches. —-a— ■ Nevertheless suppose the Japs would drop a few niillion .parachute troops on us. No one would think much about it—Avith all those slant-eyes running g-ipund,.. we’d thipk it .was. just anotner ..copventiou..
at the tJnion or a bunch of disappointed applicants for the football coaching jobs. ■Imagine the enemy \valking in on a Physics lectui‘6,, taking one look around, and finally deciding ■ that group must have been captured and already, executed. . Then if they' walk in on the Cotillion and see the couples trying to jitter-bug in that crowd, Hirohito’s men would consider that bunch as dope fiends and harmless. Then if the Orientals dropped in on the activity offices and find the sthdehts batting their heads against, the walls trying to think up an idea- for .a backdrop or a two-letter word to fitirtto an Exponent headline—the friendless men in their ROTC.uniforms would consider it as a modern American way of committing suicide, not knowing that the most modern way of committing suicide is to listen to the new patriotic songs one right after the other! Come Thursday afternoon those left to guard the Music Hall would think that MacArthur was charging, when all the school stormed the doors to see the free movies. After* one week on the: campus we would expect the Japs to commit hari-kki faster than newly, initiated sorority girls can take pins.—rte.
mm
y- ‘i.
Friday, February 27
8:00 A.M.—^Northern Indiana Forest Fire School Room 117, Hort. Bldg, 4:00 P.M.-^Wgr Lecture Eliza Fowler Hall 4:,SO P.M.—Cd.sniopoHtan Club Room 304, tfnion 7:00 P.M.—Skull and Cre.scent Dinner.,East Faculty Lounge, ■ : ■:, ' , ,:■! , ?../ . ■ Union 7;(50 P.M.L-Mixed Recreatioii .....i,. Women’s Gymnasium 7:30 P.M.—Inter-fraternity Fellowship-Room 307, Union 9:00 P.M.-^Sophomore,sCotillion Both Ballrooms, Union
Today On mmk
Merry-Co^Found {Continued from page 1) blocks away aird w'hen he does .so the old fire comes into his eyes and he isn’t happy until he makes the ne?{t edition. (Of course we can sympathize with him on this; but we are running a column, not the Navy.-)^- ■ . Perhaps this is the explanation for the Colonel’s publicity gyrations in connection with battleship launchings. U. S. Naval Intelligence rvould like to know whether the Nazi battleships Friedrich der Grosse and Hindenburg have been launched. If our Navy knew that, it would knory hoW many battleships it should station in the Atlantic to meet
them.
HoAvever, the Axis doesn’t have to worry about checking on our battleships. For when a U. S. battleship is launched, Seci-etary Knox gets out the champagne and the radio speeches, and makes srne that the entire world kuoAvs about it. It saves the Nazis and the Japanese a lot of money and trouble on Intelligence Avork. And yet, Avhen British Avarships ai'i'ived in U. S. harbors, Colonel
The Ratio— 3.»3
to 1
o #
Our chief, Ned -A. Ochiltree,
Concrete School Ends After Meeting 2 Days; iDO In Attendance Concluding two days of intensive discussion and study on concrete and its manufacture, participants
doesn’t .spend,all his, time behind his third annual concrete
de.5k hcj'e and at home, we’ve discovered. Ochr j-ecently 'received ^ a
telegram fi’Om , hid- gal ,Bea
ihg at Smith back East Avith the
following inscribed : , ,
“Brush ydur teeth; comb your hair,
Go'to bed and say a prayer.
Before yoAA kiioAV it—
I’ll be. there!’’
Looks like nobody’s safe in this column. We won’t be either—after, the. chief reads this. Incidentally, every time she goes to a- "yale weekend, -Ned gets a telegram from her.
(Sigh).
short-course;. Over 100 engineers, contractors and public officials form
various parts of the state attended 12:55 NeAv.s
the school.
Uses Of Concrete
Stressing the importance of concrete in the nation’s program of defense, the speakers on the first day listed the uses and requirements of concrete. Professor Sears of the history, economics and gove-imraent department Avas tire guest speaker at the annual short-course banquet
Monday night.
Wednesday’s sessions Avere most-
FRIDAY . 9:65 Ncavs
10:10 The Curio Man 10:16 Morning Melodies 10:30 WBAA Presents 10:46 Theatre of Song
10:55 News ,
11:00 “World History Since 1914” Avith Prof. Frank Hall 11:50 P.iu’due News .
11:55 Ncavs ,
12:00 Agricultural Forum 12:15 Meet the Band
12:46 Music
Knox demanded that the American practicing to out run those Pi Phj.’s
press hush up the facts, even though everyone around the Avaterfront kncAv- all about them.. • Odious To Admirals ■ It should not' he held against Knox that some of the admirals hate him. The admirals are usually resentful of any civilian secretary of the Navy, and sometimes the measure of their dislike is a gauge of his ability. In case of Colonel Knox, however, the resentment is partly Over the Colonel’s untimely publicity, partly oA'er the political appointments. There is a lot of grumbling oyer the fact that Jules James, nepheAV of Secretary of War Stimsoh, was promoted to be an admiral; that Admiral Wilson Brown was jumped from White House aide to superintendent of the Naval Academy, and that the President’s naA'al aides usually graduate to lush posts. These promotions may not be Knox’s fault, Jbut'he gets the blame. • King Vs. Knox Of late there is one section of the Navy Department virtually barred to Knox, even though he is Secretary; of the Navy. This is the Aving of the building ruled by Admiral
ly demonstrations of mixing, uses
■ While qn one of ou^ frequent properties of concrete. A
round table discussion of the operating problems involved in workin.g Avith concrete Avas hel-d. The course concluded with a film on
plant layouts.
(PE 12) jaunts to the Fieldhouso, AVC found the irrepressible Doc Cole Avorking out. Getting set for next Sadie HaAvkins Day, Doc? Or just
next year? They’re pretty fast.
Anne Vogler is noAV wearing the plant engineers were more than a Theta Xi jewelry of Charlie Dan- little perturbed and were mighty glemajor. The nierger took place glad Avhen the day ended. As a partrccelitly after a very short court- ing farcAvell, “Pants” Nessler dropship. It doesn’t seeiAA to take those per a $65 Ovsat analysis instruChem boys long, does it? ment. Playful bunch, huh?
Ken Gjemre of the business staff has pinned Evelynne Hugo, of WarsaAv—his home toAvn. She Avorks in a bank up there. Business even in pleasure, eh Ken ? • Still another pinning: This timeit’s Bucky White and Mary Lou Thelen and the pin concerned is a Phi Kappa Sig. Congratulations,
people.
If you about froze to death and
Rumor has it that the Delta Gamma prexy, Vera Erganbright, is all for setting the house index at 3.6. All girls bcloAv that level would have to turn in their pins if the deal .goes througli. Want to live in tlie house alone, Vera ? We also found, out that Marguerite Henderson of the same house has planned a nierger Avith the Sigma Nu’s if such a thing should happen. She even sent a
melted alternately last Monday, it Petition around for the gals to sign.
1:00 Sonvenii-s 1:30 Better Vision 1:45 Markets
1:55 Ncavs
2:00 Story a Day
2:15 Script
2:30 Moods in Music, Mrs., C. W.
. Hemmor 2:55 Ncavs
3:00 Special Musical Serie.s—La-'
fayette Music Society;
3:45 Music 3:65 Ncavs
4:00 Tea Time Tune.s 4:30 Mr. A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations 4:45 The Curio Man
4:55 News
5:00 Campus Roundtable — Student'Finances
6:30 Vespers
5:45 Little Miss Muffett
5:5,5 Ncavs
6:00 Dinner Hour ■ 0:30 S))oi'tS RevicAv Avith P.R.Y. 0:45 Next 'Vl'eck at Purdue
6:55 News
7:00 Lafayette Little Theatre 7:30 Alberta Schmadol, singer
7:45 Music
7:55 NeAA's # ' 8:00 PIA Forum 8:30 Russ Graefnitz, pianist 8:45 Eventide Echoes 9:00 Sophomore Cotillion
9;65 News
10:05 Off the Air GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS Oniversity Book Store
Notes
If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of 'the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of Avhich is in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnel Office when to
schedule an interview:
Dayton PoAver & Light Company, Dayton, Ohio—Junior EE’s f6r summer work. Sign up in Personnel office before Saturday, Feb. 28. Ordnance Department, Rochester, N, Y.^Mareh 11. ME, CE,=EEi Sign in Personnel Office before March 4. Drackett Co., Cincinnati, Ohio, Feb. 27-ahd-28. ■ . '.i ■ Metropolitan Life Ins. Co., Actuarial Division, New York, N- Y.V— Undergraduate men for summer A.vovfc, especially those with a nrajor in matheniatics. Anyone interested, please sign in Personnel Office. Dayton PoAver & Light Company, Dayton, Ohio-^Junior EE’s for summer work. Sign up in Personnel office before Saturday, Feb. 28. Doav Chemical Co., Midland, Mich.—March 2. Organic, inorganic, and analytical Chemistry, Ph.D., M.S., ChE, EE, ME. Schedule an interview in the Personnel Office before 10:00 A. M. Saturday, Feb. 28. Navy Department, Bureau of Ships, Washington, D. C.—All engineers, particularly Avomen. Secure an application blank from Person-
nel Office before March 10.
On Here? By Bpcl Eberts With the change in Aveather comes a swell Aveek-ehd to really inflict us with a super case of spring fever. Tonight finds our illustrious coeds allowed out after that horrible hour of midnight. Think of it--^ our whole , war effect ;{bne to' pot just for the Sophnwiiore Cotillion!
WGOHY
Johnny Long Avill no doubt drift on to our campus some time this afternoon in bis chartered bus, and some 14 members will set up their music and instruments ready to “send” the approximated 2000 crowd jumping to his distinctive styles from 8:30 till 12:30. Don’t forget, worms, this dance requires a traditional bunch of flowers to adorn fair gal's gown.
WGOH?
As reports have it—the PIA is sponsoring another tea dance this SatiU’.day afternoon. Coeds arc admitted free and non-members arc assessed a dime, so the only differeUce is that the music will be of a Avehk later style. These dances are becoming- popular,' so' don’t let them, lack good .attendance. WGOH? : In the south ballroom tomoiroAV night the Union Avill entertain at the week-end mixer. All avc know about it is that the Ganipus Commanders will supply the music and things will go from 8:30 till 11:30.
WGOH?
Right next to the mixer—Ave find the Pi Beta Phi sorority dressed in formals and dan.cing to the music of campus band—^Maury Mahn, Avho by tlie Avay .ha.s played for nearly all of the Pi Phi dances this year.
WGOH?
Kappa Delta Rho, the boys Avay out thar, arc having a radio dance at thei)' house tomorroAV night. The usual time of from 8:30 to 11:30
feta- .Thata--?Ff^;F4fai%im^ Ann&unfEes; j . Beta-Theta Pi, social -fraternity* announces the pledging of the following: John ' Cartmoll, Flagerst town; Fred Hudson*; Chattanobga; Okla.; .John Gulling, Web-ster Groves, Mo;; Lowell Hedburg, Qaki Park, 111.; Robert Pitcher, St. Joseph, Mich.; Clayton Pingry, Crys-. tal Lake, 111.; Tom Coffing, Oxford'; Bill Simmons, Glenmont, N. Y.-; John Burke, Indianapolis; Gen'd Ballard, Webster Groves, Mo.;: Bill Fencl, Chicago, 111.; Jack Brebtier* Green Bay, Wis.; Jack Teetor, 'Hagerstown; Bill Masline, Canton* Ohio) ■ Bill SnoAV, Pittsburgh, Pa.; Bud David, Hammond, and John Le-
Boeuf, Gary.
will prevail,at all these Saturday night affairs.' , i,i:M '• ' . WGOH? At this point .we,-worild like to extend-the student opinion of a vote of thanks to-the Union for adding something .'to the ■ last Saturday mixer, if Ave could have cabaret dances every week—Ave’d see far moi'e students Avith dates and at the dance.s! . .,; . , ■ -
FRIENDLY SERVICE = s Boticlcd 3 Gas and Oil § T. & R. OIL C6., luc. I
Everything for a College Educ(ftion DEAC’S
NIBROC PAPER TOWELS None Bettor Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 LAFAYETTE PRINTING CO.
And they didn’t hesitate. What do the Sigma Nu’s have that makes the .sororities want to live witli them? Couldn’t bo Bob SAvab. We heard there Avere thi'ee girls injured over at the Kappa House
it’s ever had. Then the halfAvits, during noon hour the,other day. On which included sucli. sterling'“en- further investigation, we discover.gineeis” as Tom Moran, Will Wells, cd that new troughs have been in-
AA'as directly due to Bob Weitzel and his 7nad mob of engineers Avho took over the poAver plant dll day for . test. They practically Avrecked the joint, Bill Lancet opened the Avrong vah'^e and flooded the floor— giving said floor the first Avashing
Across 1’ .“Ktfd” .SujnniottH *29
“Doc” -Ei)|>le .*,40
—TODAY & SAT,~ 2 FIRST RUN HITS
.lohn Avrote
Petty their
and Jack own set of
McNulty, rules for
King, Commandei' of the United i-egular plant engineers to fol-
States Fleet.
This part of the Navy functions entirely on its OAvn—even has its oAA-n kitchen in case officers have to work all night. No civilians are permitted to enter. And if the Seci'etary of the Navy Avants to get by the Marine standing on guard, he has to telephone in advance. Kin.g and Knox go thi’ough the motions of observing the amenities, but theie is no love lost betAveeri
them.
/ In ordinary peace times, Knox would be a reasonably good Secretary of the Navy. But today,
JoAv! This is the first time in the history of the school that this has been done. To say the least, the when a slip can be disastrous, and when coordinated unity is needed more than ever before, the rough-riding, tough-talking Colonel is a misfit. Perhaps realizing this, KnoX several times has told the President he wanted to resign. (Anotiier in series of columns on the “Four Old Men” Avill appear soon.)
stalled in the dining room. Noav the cook ju,st yells “Sou-e-o-e-e-e-e-e” Avheii dinner time rolls around.
DR. M. P. LORD DENTIST 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg.
NAT PENDLETON ANNE GWYNNE ROBERT PAIGE WARREN HYMER SAMUEL S. HINDS
PLUS
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK , — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schulti Bldg. 4fK and Main St. Lafayette
HELD OVER comMvmmi
—TODAY - SATURDAY—
ARC
XOnAV TUDtl CAT
wSDI'ji
— WITH — TOM BROWN PEGGY MORAN _— also
'JUNGLE GIRL"—-Last Chapter LATEST NEWS
MAPS TOMORROW ONE DAY ONLY . ON THE STAGE
fiwuiusL ^xfwmnt Ali'American 1940-'41
Jintered as second class matter at the post oHicc in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congre.ss of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Ja:’.tiary 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subfccriptiqns, $1.00.
I'34itor-in-Clticf.. Nows Editor Sportp Udilur . .
..Ned A. Oeliiltrec Itusiness Munugcr....: ..John E. Traugott Managing Editor Phil JohnBon Coed Editor
Don S. Powers ..Lciand W. Uuffner ;.Kuth Koae
Publication Staff AHBLH'iutff KdilurH Edilurial J. K. Amos. ,J. II. AninArtmg, JJ, T. Hroiiby. K. L. HadU-y, E. 1. Joiiub, K. i). Kjciiur. SportH Buff; O. T. CjaTk. 4. U. Krasir, J. S. Koalcr/ t'ticd staff: Mary K. JJoyiitun, Alico Cliatfield, Jane Aamsdell.
Business Staff C'ot-il ISuniiiesn Monngcr: Donna SicBHOffice Manager: Dec Uo'.;iionK., Eucal Advertiniirg Managers: K. K. fijpinre, B. K. Saxton; Circuluiion Manager: W. T. DoJ); Accounts Manager: W. U. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: jenn Prankenberry, FruiicBB Lloyd, Julia Martin.
.. Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Uopresciitc-d for national advortising by National Advertiaing Sorvici.-, Inc., College Pnblishera IlenredentutiveB, 420 Madison Ave.. New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Night ISditvr: Kufi rl pay Kditvn S^ionbcre
iKbiie Editor: Slur ^jportb Editor: Da who
Rciiorters: A. WickurU. D. J^ickeriin;. J. Fountaino, S. Beall, W, (j. Hoskins,.J, leaner, Kichardson, Thoihpsoti, Vcrhiillian. Sports Staff: Shrycr, Aekurnian.
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Ship Ahoy-—Mates There's Blonde Destroyer in the Offing - Boy What Action! DUKE OF THE NAVY ,— with RALPH BYRD VEDA ANN BORG
PLUS
The Squared Grcic's Screwiest Story of the Guy Who Slugs 'Em to Sleep with Voodoo! THE Miracle kid with t . - Jom Neal ■—- Carol Hughes — COMING — THE LITTLE FOXES
Neuer say ''no'' to a
fB-FAiR to yourself, and give Manhattan’s famous Duke ^hirt a chance to prove itself to you. White as snow in sunlight, smoothly tailored, wellfitting—here’s a shirt with personality! It nevelr stops fitting you correctly because it's Size-lHxt (average fabric shrinkage 1% or less). It doesn’t bunch —because it’s ManVprmed."Th.Q collar conforms smartly to yotir neck, because it’s GollarPerject. 'Wc’rc asking you to try the Duke. Won’t you say "yes”.^
— FEATURING — Blanche LA BOW
Al and Margie CALVIN Sock Comedy Team Pam MERRYMAN Acrobatic Dancer
Sfage Shows at 2:05-4;45 -7:25-9;55 « On THE SCREEN • Mike Shayne Chases Diamond aild Dames!
, — COME early
ALL SEATS 12:00 to 1 ;30
33<=
ALL SEATS 1:30 to 6:00
40C
Tax Inc.
Tax Inc.
6:00 P. M. TO CLOSING lalcony 40c Tax Ini. Main Floor 50c Tax Inc. Children (All Day)......17c Tax Inc.
LAST TIMES TODAY LORETTA YOUNG
!.)H
li 41'r
k ^ .y
If ' ''
r
efeats Indiana. Wk To 50
[bitormakers Score First Cinder Win iv^ fai0 Mnce 1928; Conant Stars w’>rT<*tHfif>h ir- By Sheldon Watson • > £ltdotill^dit^ Indiana, Feb. 26.—Coach ‘He’rfhon Phillip’s oiwtisrigl^uiSdlttirned in their second victory of the season here lastJ^ni^ht’-iyihen they defeated the Hodsiet'speed-merchants m'OfntBlidOSlington by a close 53 V2 to 50 Va Sdore.' This is the :rtrst‘tiifib''felnce 1928 that the Hayes^coached Hoosiers have lall^%6f61<e a Boilermaker team.' - . , i Th^'^'HiVetdi’s t6ok only f6ur of f, . -f. ... tli^i I’t'Ww *fir9t' places on "the ^ » BWoming^t'olti tr^dk; 'bn’t; the 'don- OOphOITtOfG sisteiicy'^of thfeSi- Se’dond third places proved’to he^h'nihpg^in bf vietPry, d Jotaftny 'Cdhififll/, high flying hufdleft‘'oSflth# Bl&cic f’aiid''G'<)ld s^ttaad, ?| pro’VBd i» he a hiig gun lu the iBoileVi '' ' nhaker attack'. Hi^ performandfes ih ttie 00-yard low and high 'hdrdle's Woft'tWo' firsts for him. Al' JentfeoH t'dMed hi a beautiful finish iU the 880-ydrd tun' to merit a sdchrtd plane'aWd ‘push the Eiveter‘dnder-i ihen inttf'a oil'd'point,'46% to 44%, lead.^'lpimedidteiy after this event, the feolletPiaker VietOTy was aSsm^d'iwheP Coliant and'Kron finished ope-twO'in the low hurdles. I. U.'received its second straight set-baOk of the season by this de- (iVs.'""'' < feat. Last week they weic ciUshed by a strong aggregation from Illinois by a humiliating 72-28 verdict.
Summary
Mile—Won by Kane (I) . Kendall (I), second; Jentsch (P), third Time 4.21.6. fO Yard Dash—Won hy Kcim (P/ , Banckor (P), second, Falwoll (I), third
Time .06.4.
[ 44(1 Yard Dash—Won hy Price (I) , Anthony (P), second, Arnold (P), third.
Time *50 4
Shot Put—Won by Saban (1) , French
(P)j second, Ca)hotin (P), third. Distance,
44 ft. 4yi in I
60 Yard Higrh Hurdles—Wofi hv Conant , i i e (p)j, Krsn (P), seo&nd, Steele (t), third. • •'* Mehke has been ope of ^^mFi n 1*; I n/T i KAii ?ti Aiain fa<itot*s iit the brilliant
T^o MUe Hun—Won by Mitcholl (I) ; .
Dxiesler x<?) , »{?cond} McLatighhn (P), BftOTV'ing mUde by the Ilhni SO far
t i
0p/^\
’W#¥v' !•? f^/0y'vy .4, t •• /' i 5v */ /yy-y.
Swimmert Af Illinois Safurdiy
Friday, February 27, 1942
ro$e $
en Depart Tonight--Face Heavy
PHIL^dOHnSOil
this season
third. Time 9 }34 3. ,
Pole Vault—Wifn by McAdams (I) , Giimin (py, seconds Lovett (PK third,
HeiKht. 12 ft. ,
I Hiah Juiiip—Wofi by MacEachern (P) , (P), sdtond': MacEachen (P), third Dis-
Johnson Ciy, second, .Tones (I) and An- tance, 21 ft lO’/i in.
derson (P), tied for third Hiiight, 6 it. 60 Yard Low Hurdles—Won by Con.int % in. (P) . Kiwli (Pi, second, Jacoby (IJ, third
r 880 Yard Dash—Won by Kane (i) , Time 07 3. '
Jentsch (P), second,'KcndoU 1.1), third, Mile llclay—Won-by Indiana (Riley, FalTimo 2 minutes - — wc4T, Mitchell and Price). Puidue disquali-
Broad Jump—Won -by MilK (If , Tlodg'd ’'fiFfl"' ~ “
Microtomic The only Drawing Pencil with a Microtomic Lead tbot ossures accurate gradation throughout For
la -n A ii jrx,Mn. jup ja : JlBadetihljll Iva FONE WRITiFnIg MATERUAtLS SINCe'iRI'R
IE
The Title of That Song Should Be It’s So Peaceful in the Union Club” Reserve a Room in the
For i JVfodern, Comfortabic Furniture I P' I V !' ' ^ ^ t ■* J I i - ’ Private Bath—Private Sho^ver ■X '-Sj ? .1-1 All Union Advantages ' (( ' Perfect Service —^— JhsL fijUAduSL WjimifdaL lAiusm. The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
^ Now For Some Real Cooperation Pot the past fPur yeais, since the time when Noble Kizer began to weaken, the athletic staff has been in a peiiod of unrest and instability. Staff members haven’t known just wheie thely or then sports stood. Staff meetings have been inteimittent, or even not at all. This state of unceitainty has led more or less into the segiegation of the various sports into many ind^idual units. Each coach has had to work for himself, and solve all his problems individually. Staff members have been forced to push their own ball along. ► Fsnesf Staff In The Country Without hesitation the present Puidue athletic staff is one of the finest in the country. Bed Mackey, Waid Lambert, Herman Phillips, Dick Papenguth, Claude Reeclc, Dutch Fehiing, Mel Taube, LariY LaBree, and now Elmer Burnham—all of them masters in their own sport. A"7here Can you find a moie capable aggregation? Now, aftei these years of unceitainty, with a new athletic director and a new leaf in Puidue athletic histoiy, is the time for complete solidarity and cooperation among the staff. Now is the time, instead of pubhing a numbci of individual balls, to all get together behind one large ball, the betteiment of all Purdue atnletics. ► All Working Toward The Same End After all, we’re all working towaid this same end. And if we can get there faster by helping each othci along, then let’s do it. Our problems ard Common. Bringing athletes to Puidue, keeping them eligible, turning out Winning teams, finding jobs for those who need them . . these and many otheis tace us all ■So let’s lay our cards on the table and stait an eia in Purdue athletic histciy that will nevei be iivaled ^ Iowa—Here We Come Tomorrow night at Iowa City the Boileimakeis will play their second game of the season against the Hawkeyes The Boilermakers aie the finest defensive team in the league, having held opponents to a 35-point average, while the Hawkeyes are the Brg Ten’s offensive leaders, with an average of 49 points per game. In addition, both teams are in the mass tie for second place with eight wins and four losses. Considering the earlier meeting of the two teams as well as the felawkeyes victory over Indiana Monday night—well, it looks like quite a night Iowa IS tough to beat on then home floor. To add to the complications, the leg injtiiy which Northwestern’s giidders gave to Frosty Sprowl Monday night has nor healed as fast ns it iiiighi, and it may put the Boilci maker ace on the doubtful starting list. ► Sfeady Sprowl-^—Fifteen Points Per Game P’losty hasn’t sciimaged this week, but his leg seemed inipioved in yestoi day’s piactice as he loosened it up We coitainly hope that he can play at least part of this important game. He has wmiked hard all yeai, and has climbed into second place in the conference scoring in spite of having the toughest defensive man assigned to him for each game. He’s the finest lorward in the conleience, and we’re going to need him
tomoiiow night.
Rugged
National katihg Finds Riveters Sixth From Top In their last workout before departing for the home of the Hawkeyes, the Riveters went through a long drill in the Fieldhouse last night. The injury jinx, which they have thus far evaded^ struck for the first time in the form of Frosty Sprowl’s charley horse. Though not serious it may keep him out of action Saturday. Fred Krampe, the only other injured member of the squad, has almost recovered from his torn ligaments.
No Excuses
In spite of this new turn of events Coach Piggy Lambert made it plain that there would be no excuses offered for a defeat at the hands of Iowa. The squad will depart this afternoon at 5 for the den of the Hawkeyes, and rt is very likely that the starters with the exception of Sprowl will be the same as those in Monday’s contest. Last night after drills on fundamentals and shooting, a long workout on fast breaks was held m which emphasis was placed on getting the ball across the line under piessuie guarding. The passing of Mickey Tierney and Horsie Riley was particularly outstanding m this
part of the practice. Long Scrimmage
In the last scrimmage before the lu-, . week-end's contest Galvin, Krampe, consistent performers seaso^n "in th^ IT^S 1^ clTsTby
Boilermakers To Fight St. Joe At Hoi^ ih First College Match Ever Held In the first intercollegiate boxing meet ever to be held at this institution, Joe Benna’s boxers will oppose the pagdists from St. Joseph College at Rensselaer, Saturday at 8:00 {>. m As this is to be the first collegiate match in Boilermaker hfi^’ - 1..... ..,,■■■■ toi*y held in the Fieldhouse^
everyone should come out to
see this event.
Since the Riveters have lost We matches so far, they Will be mg to win their first meet at botete-. So far the boxing squad has lest to Michigan State, and MtfKfaT State Teachers College of Kentucky. St. Joe has not lost a fflafeb,'' but neither have they won any. (H their two meets, St. Joe has tied both of them. One w'as with-WeSfe-ei n Reserve of Illinois and the other was Culver Military Academy.
Tie Last Year
Last year the Boilermakers .tied St. Joseph. The Riveters last yeaY did not enter a man in the 145 pound weight and St. Joe did not have a man in the heavyweight, so these two matches cancelled each other. Since the other eight bouts were split, the match ended in d
tie.
The Riveters will be terribly handicapped Saturday evening as till ee of Coach Benna’s starting ten are suffering from injuries, Don Elfvin, one of the two Boilermakers who has not lost a match, is laid up with a broken wrist and will not be able to fight for some time. Elfvin had won both of his matches
. . . Fred Vance, one of the four sophomores on the starting lineup, has proved to be one of the stead-
on the title bound Illinois team. Vance operates at one of the guard positions where he can use his size to a great advantage. Against the Riveters next week, he wdll probably be assigned toehold down the
high-scoring Sprowl.
Caiess, Brower, and Hoffman started for the Whites with Friend and Adams alternating in the combinations. For the Golds, Polk, Blanken, Menke, Riley and Conrad wore the starters with Tierney and
Riley shifting.
Al Menke was the shining light ■■■
of the vaisity combination. His feating everything in sight, deadly deception set up several The University of Colorado ih in point-making plays, while Haiold second position followed by the Hoffman was doing Heicqlean work Illim, cuire«t Big Ten leadeis for the reserves. Sprowl, of course, whose only conference loss thus far did not take part in the scrimmage, is a defeat by Indiana’s Hoosiers. and It was obvious that his absence The Golden Gophers of Minnesota
TIad’s Place so HANDY
GALLON SPECIAL 15c Fuinas Ice Cream—Six Flavori—.Pfrtt 17e Chocolate Revel Brick Ncopolitan Brick 39c quart Ice Cream Sandwich 5c
was solely felt at times. Riveters High Nationally
The Boilermakers copped themselves another honor this week when they w-ere named sixth in the Litkenhouse national hai dwood rat-
decisive margins. Alexander, Savage Out Frank Alexander, who usrtaily fights in the 135 class, shoWe4 up at practice last night with his shoulder in bandages. His arm and shoulder were sprained-in “Doc” Savage has been handicapped by a hr oken nose which he received in the Murray College meet.' It is a question whether “Doc” Will be back in condition for the St. Joe
bout.
For the pabt few weeks Bei0}a
are •foiu’th in the ranking with been putting his men thrq^^ Long Island University in fifth po- exercises to get them in. sition. , condition especially for this match. After the Riveters come Wash- te Joe,.if it had not be®i ington State, Indiana, Washing- tireless effort and supreme ton, and Wisconsin. By winning work of Mai Elward, our ath-
mgs. First place went to the giants both games this week-end the Boil- director, he never would have of West Texas State. Famed for ci makers not only stand a chance to this mriatch here in the Fieldthen six and one-half foot height better their national rating hut also After three’years’of coachaverage these boys have been tiav- to break the four-way tie foi second pugilists, Benna has finally eling up and down the country de- place in which they are entwined. desire of a. home meet.
Capt. Boughmi Ready
Gus Boughan, captain of the Riveter squad, has shown his usual ability the past week. Boughan is the other of the two Boilermakers who has not lost a match. He will fight in the 155 pound class. Johnny Kieislc in his third j'ear of boxing has turned into a very polislled and excellent fighter. Kreisle fights the
135.
A hard hitting sophomore is Stan Atz, who is a 145 pounder. AnPthejoutstanding fighter who has shown up dining the past few Workottfe^ is Norm Kautsky, a 126 pounder. Nick Nicholas, a sophomore, has been improving rapidly and will take Alexander’s place. The rest of Saturday’s boxers will be made up of Doc McMillan, a heavyweight; Hugh Bowles, a 120 lbs. class; Ed Ryden, 165; and Ed Meyansu, 130. The meet will be composed of ten bouts. All students will be admitted free to see The event.
//
you have to wait,
don’t be late.
Take Her to /
Sophomore Cotillion
in a
YEILO
.RATES— 1 Pa!b»ieiiger 35c 2 Passeiig'eris 50c 3 Pai!is$eiiger}$ 75c 4 Passeiigcr$i SI.00 Phone 5023
Majestic Furnaces and
Will-Burt Stokers
F. H. Speaker 6- Son
Phone 4976
119 E, I
t ♦ M M Hays Jewelry Cfc 131 North Founb St» Fine jewelry at Modenlo Nee . »♦» M »♦»♦'» » »»■»! ^if
( i
h f 'i-^ s
Purdue Exponent
'!< 3 .VL f: Kmlv.h-^U^xi j
;;, prmy, ■
< ' . . ) , f ’ '•.' "J ^ I if^.
^Wl»ii*«ii>ii(ii I) #j)^ Will Speak M'lieller Gardens, Homes Conference ' “The Amcin,*n Home a<? Headquaiteis for National Woik” will Ihdvide the theme foi a two-dav Indiana Bettci Home'll and Bettei Gaidcns confcienoe to be held at the UmveiMts Maich 5 and 6, it was annonnted bA G Stank v Mcikle, Mcc pitsident of Bcttci ^ome^ in Amei ica Open 1« Public Tht pioiiiam will be open to the jiublu and will piestnt the latest infoimation on the development of bctlci home plans as w ell as a planning: and planting piogiam for home gaidens Di Lillian M Gilbicth piofessoi of managtment, will make the key note address at the opening session onThuisda's moinmg Mai eh 5 The '-pries of discussions to follow will eontimie thioUf,h hiida\ Mai eh C and wall coneliide with a consultation pciiod 111 which Lee J Ninde, president of the Indiana Civic As sociation and Pi of G L Lommol of the Civil Enginceiing School, ihaiiman of the Indiana State Plan ning Bo'aid will loin with menibeis of the confeience staff The sponsoi s, Indiana Section of llettei Homes in \meiica and the Garden Club of Indiana, have planned an infojmal quiz piogiam and a banauct Selections by the Univeisitv Glee Club and an intei piotation of the poems of James Whitcomb Rile-s by Di Geoige E Davis, of the Univeisitv staff will be amona tl-s e nteitainment lea
tui cs
Playshop To Begin Auditions For Final brama Next Week Tl^outs toi the east and ciew oL tli6 final Plavshop pioduetion, ‘The Male Animal,’ will be held ne^-t Meinelav anel Tuesdav Maieh 2 and I, in Fowlei Hall This pla\ will le eiune one of the laigest easts foi anr, campus plav this yeai Thu t< en ehaiacteis emht men and five women will be needed besieles iiu meious extias Bill Deani Plai, shop chicctoi will _ive th audi tioiis and he announces th it pievi ous Plavshop expeuence will not be leqtuied Any pel son ma^ tn out “The Male Animal ’ laii loi sev eial \eais on Bioadwav at the Cent TheAtei The plot tikes place on a umveisite campus Exeitoment is eentcied aiound a giiduon game football heios a voun., college pio fcssoi anel a laeiical student wlio wntes foi the cnnvpus magazine Dr. T. K. Crowder of the Eaim Management Department was m South Bend Thursday wheie he adchessed the annual meeting of the Midwest Cfeanieiy Pioelueeis on “Business Ticnds and Planning foi the Fu-
ture ”
Sophomores Win Tribune Medafs For ROIC Standing Chicago Tnbune Me’dals, aw aid od annually to outstanding sopho moies in the ROTC e oi )>s hei e, vvei c liiescnted at the C oi ps Dai Foi mation vesieidai by Colonel D M Beeie The gold medal was aw aid ed to Cadet Mastei Seigeant N E Gieeai ScoUsbiiig Indiana, the Silvei Medal to ( ach t Mastei Sei geant E G I mgl, Chicago, and the Bion/e n edal to Cadet Stall Seigeant D C Heckaul, West Lafav ette The 1 ribune thipugh its editoi and publishci Colonel Robeit R McCoimiek aw aids these medals eAili V (ai to thiee sophomoics selected on tile basis of then woik of the fiist seme tei of the ophomoit
V oai
Notices
rrcshmnii I iifflnctrs Meet for Engineer ing It (line Sntunhiv Ft b 28 8 p m in T li7n 1 owler Hall Seating asHignments po led ncai the tnlrnnot lo Mjcheal
Gold n Shop''
KNAPP
Classified Ads
lypeirnteri—AdlniK MArInnen nil mnkis dold rentf 1 rrp nr d and purchased Mime ograph woik done C J EbcrHholT 605 Mam,
Enfijette Phone 2770
The Chnsti'in Science Monitor is on Miilt It the Unuer itj Book Stoic
Distinguished Htiidcnts Uifunds ait now av iilnbie nt the (ashKi#> oifirt in tht Ixttidut Hnildiilg — HOLEENSBL StMvenors Mtcling Siturday I<b 28 I 10 i> m in tht oil 1C to fi-rtfsh the He 1 til in (f mnnuseiipts Also linng money fr ni salts Ihis means everybody
lUSIIN
WAA Ping Pong Second n und of tour nuntnl mu t lie plnvtd II Iv luesda\ Mirth i HtrUarl vs I'onib M Bvetgkr IS Mtin/ei Ev( ns vs I niti h Coopti vb Williamson Milltr vs Hi dshaw Wami 111 \ Uaderbtorf Mcniun ia Bvctgln } hn n lb Roscncians SfllUBEU Alph I Pin Dmcgn Shoil txtculivt meet in^ Mondai March 2 7 Op m pi r< om 2 - fan Hnll S I SIGLER Alphi 1 hi Omegi On n meelini, li le hf Id Imstliv M rtli 1 at 30 i ni in tht Union SlGf LH MUNGl K Pi I hi Sigm I V ii innoriint mu 1 tin luesdiv Maich “3 I i m in rcilinj^ lonn f M I 1 inlding 1 ketion i f i ring
1 letb es
Tau Bela Pi I let li in f numbcis lliurbday March 5 it < 10 p m Attentl ( ncc reriuircd PHee U he iiimunctd litei tumor Mets Tumor Melallurt,ical Lngj Tieeis Inbpection lrt}> Bus Ictvts ucst tlooi of Chem and Met Bi lUhnu Monday Maich 3 at h i m Bus will leave on tmu SCHALLIOI Battcrv D 1 otii bqund Gun siipad dull at Ihe irmtii beginuinj, at •i p m on 1 tl 2j and 2 ^MALI All Sophomore Union Workers Meet with Hil Knight and Bub I (dloWb m the Un ion OlTicc Mondny Mar I at II) pm Imporhint Be then PPI I OWS
Signm Delia (hi Initiation followtd bv professional dinnei niceting Saturday Ttb 28 at 5 00 J) m in the Union Dnvo IhompHon editor of Prairie 1 firmer and I R Benliam cdiloi of the Terre Haute Star, will speak lUATJGOl 1 PIA Jen Dame will It held Saturday 1 el) 28 from 2 to 5 30 i m in the South Ballioom of the Union ABSIIIER Student UaherH Student Ushtrs uid lo Bee al varhitv baskethall gamt‘4 get then mom\ at tlu licktt office in the I icldhouse DOAN Purdm Plnvcrs Ni w membns who desiie kiis will phase Itavt Iheii namts and $2 75 with Ih stcrcluM at J owler Hall before 12 00 n on Saturday Itb 28 GOBI WAA Huskelliall Pruluts W d and In of Ibis MttU tnding 1 eh 27 One piactin in addition lo intti mural piaelitt is rt tinned IILNNIS Society of Automotive I m,inecrs Will ail m mb is wh ) have alitaly Mined th aotielv I baht sie,n Iht list in th SAJ Inill (in bind in Iht aitanotive I ibor i Inv W n t<l \tui I nut mllrtHses lutl ph ni numhtis lo tompl Le oin rinrds
KLII
Purdue (hriHluin rotindation Skatint, pirlv liuliv 111 2i from JO to 10 3ft ] m Be it 131 South Gi ml at " 00 p rn foi tianspoi lation B) the link G< t vour tickets from Betlv M in/tr Max Welltnin Paul ( arnngtt n and I lul Busl v Iv rv one IS invited WAMi II U Alpha /eta Pledges M In i im 118 of At, Hall I iiihv i th 2 it I 00 | m All pledges hi piestnt ti n tiCy ni DiLbblIN Exponent Sophomore ( oeds b )| h un us will work as dav nlili rs sturlinj. Widnis day Pel) 2 SdieluU foi tlm wttl is Wedinsdiv Hi s Ihursdav bl nh r^. In d IV Belli Situidiy Wiekj nl Stheduh foi m\t w <I IS posted in dlut If vou (ant NMu 1 on issmncd tin i It isi stt me
ROSE
WAA lencing i i letie 1 ndav I el 2 and In sd i> Mauh i Iricliees iit u tinned foi partuipalMi in t iirnuntnt 1 MHOri Cosmopolitan Club Iht it w ll bt a meet ing Finhv Id ^ at " 0 i m in th wist facultv lounge Pioftssoi /imsteni tak KIIIAR
ME 10 Mnke-Ut) txalns BxnmlnRlIonH to remove C and 1 grades in ME 80 Will be given Bnlurdiiy Mtirch 1^1 at 1 pttt in roohn 101 of tin ML building Please notify tnc if interested —GEIOEB
NY A Workers NY A checks for period tnding I(i) 7 art now available at tbe Cuhlutr H offite In the Lxecutivc building
—HOLLENSBE
Skull and Crescent
and get
Keys arc in Come —HLMLLR
Delia Kho Kappa Meeting of all male niembiis at 4 pm I riday Feb 27 in the t infinnct looin on the ground floor of Iht Lxtcutive Building Plans for aiding the Personnel beivice in |tbc Ailing out of sen lui let Old forms will be diselissul —BILRLEIN Modern Dunce LveiToiit be at pinctieo Iiiday lel) 2‘) at 4 30 p m Saturday Feb 28 at 1 00 41 m Monday March 2 at 4 00 I) m Performance will be Monday Maieh 12 at 1 Oft p m in the Home Let nomics tafetena SCRBAN Kifle (iiil) Match Satuiday afteinuon 1 cb 28 at j Ihis it, important
lADMAN
ASM! Deadline ft i numhciship ASMI this y ai imII lit Mond ly March ) Membtiship blanks are available in ML oIHce lOPINKA WAA SIiiifTlchoard bttoiul lound of I un (in lit mist b( iilnvrd iR by lu(Hdn> March 3 Bower \s Wampler Shell vs Vii Hotvtn Shuhii vs buttner John^um V M reitv SCIIUBER biudeni Senale important meeting foi J II s luni u and frtsliman wod<er*' in Smite OITiee 1 nd iv lt)> 2” at 4 00 p m Bt Iheu —DIBOfe TL 102 Make Up I xnms Lxnminutioiis for i intvil of ( and I in all sections will be hthl al 1 00 p m Salindav 1 (\) 28 In lotm 131 of the LI Building IIAUDING Reamer Cluh Met tint at 7 U p m Monday Mireh 2 in West 1 at ulty lounge (r Uu Union Doc s movus will be shown Hedges will appeal at " 45 —RUlINLR All Studenlh Anvoiu interested in m rolling in red cross life saving senior or in structor class pic ise call or report to Di Lastwood in hib oflicc room 110 fieldhousc beloio Saturday Feb 28 Phone 8076 —PAPENGUTH
'^Listen here, Mr. Quigley!^
A cJiolving collai is old Nc^o'st is tlic AiioiN Hull—cut on the eiFj-iidmp low slope p.itUin lo piovide inaxinunn coiuloit And willi (he longpoiiil, tiuthcntjc collai, it’s the ]jc«t-loolvmg while bliJil ^cl! Sanloiized labeled (labile sluinkagc less than iVc), Lnioll in the Aiiow class todaj ! Arrow ties go tvilh Arrow shirts!
(lathes i\1eiuh<l Sof A s Dariietl DIAL 7278
BACIIELLOR SERVICE 5 lbs. for $1.15 |dub 85c pci poiiml lor all ov Cl 5 pounds.
BUNDRY
132 IVoi Ihwcslein Avc.
‘Why, no, I know nothing about fixing a tire—I lU'it stopped to ask it you want to sell the other three'
'■fort'’"**-''
1
New 3-Piece CHEN YU Ut
%
Precious CHEN YU Nail Lac<]uef, so' scornful of chipping and peeling,», now with your favorite shade of this long-lasting nail make-up you can get a bottle of magic Hi-Liister Lacquetol and a bottle of gentle but speedy f', CHEN Yu Remover-one dollar for all three. Tlus is a marvelous college kit!
(^celhi
COSMETICS
STREET FLOOR
I IVlonite. Crown Laundry
There's something pleasantly exciting about icecold Coca-Cola. Delicious taste that charms and never cloys. Refreshment that brings a happy aftersense of thirst contentment. You trust the quality of t/ie real thing ...Coca-Cola.
You trust its quality
BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY
SMART SWEATEES Tuned for Spring Handsome wool sweaters in your favorite styles. New spring shades They’re budt for comfort, smartness, wear and economy. Alsoask to see the new Zelan jackets GuUUrCi ^ IHC.
Top ol the Bill
COCA COLA BOTTLING CO
WEST LAFAYE'FiE
6th and Salem
Lalayette Indiana
/if
10
i
•At