’ms
Co-ed Edition
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY O^ber 14, 1938 Lafayette, bidkauc
Vol. 50
No. 27
Dick Cisne Plays As Co-eds Turn Tables On Eds At Gold Diggers' Ball Tonight Tonight is the night! For the most popular and luckiest eds on the campus, tonight will be one long remembered. Gold-dig-ging co-eds are going to have a chance to show the boy friend
what their idea of a good date is. The occasion for this reversed
Animal, Vegetable, Or Mineral,.
occasion
situation is the annual Gold Diggers’ Ball, sponsored by WSGA, this evening in the Union ballroom. Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois orchestra will play for the dancing from nine until midnight. Cisne, who has played several times before on the campus, will have with him Dick Harton, an outstanding drummer, and Dori Glen, attractive young songstress. The girls are really taking it on the chin! Theirs is the problem not only of thinking up an appropriate and original corsage, trying to remember the hundred and one little courtesies that always count; but also of footing the expenses of an elaborate dinner, a ticket to the dance, refreshments during intermission, and a snack afterwards if their date seems so inclined. Eds Cooperate (?) Undoubtedly, the handsome eds will do their best to cooperate with this changed situation. They will ask their dates if they mind waiting just a few minutes while they add last minute touches to their makeup and already perfect attire, ask the girls to carry their shaving kits and other sundry articles, pardon them while they repeat a choice bit of gossip to their best friend, and thank the girls demurely when they hold open doors and offer them a protecting arm. Gold Digger Decorations Typical Gold Digger decorations are planned for the ball. A backdrop of black with gold lettering and piles of gold coins will serve as an attractive background. Gold coins made of cardboard will be hung around the walls. An amplifier in the Union cafeteria will provide extra space for dancing. A prize will be given to the ed winning the most eligible bachelor contest. Co-eds may vote on their ticket stubs at the door. Treva Bei*ry is in chai-ge of the arrangements for the dance, and tickets may still be bought at sorority houses and at the Union desk for regular mixer prices. The dance is semi-formal. Firemen To Gather Here Next Week Nationally-known authorities in the several fields of fire prevention, fire fighting, and training have accepted assignments to the fifth annual Indiana Fire School to be held at the University October 18-19-20, under the direction of the engineering extension department of the University and the State Fire Marshal’s Department of Indiana. The purpose of the Indiana Fire School is to present in a practical form the latest information on fire fighting, fire prevention, and training of firemen. The school is open to all Indiana firemen, volunteer, paid, and industrial fire chiefs and officials, mayors, councilmen, and others interested in fire prevention, fire fight' ing or firemen training. WBAA To Broadcast 'Days In The Old Dorm' This Afternoon At 4:30 “Days in the Old Dorm” will be dramatized today on the program, “The Purdue Scrapbook.” This is one of a series of 16 broadcasts that will be presented each Friday afternoon at 4:30 over the University’s radio station, WBAA. Gilbert Dunbar Williams, program director of the station, has scheduled a repeat series of the programs because of the wide-spread interest in the history of Purdue’s traditions and famous events. These dramatisations were written by Helen L. Walters, Sci. ’36, and will be presented under the direction of Bill Ash, a senior in the school of mechanical engineering, and a staff announcer of WBAA.
Co-ed Cheerleader A Possibility Says 'Experienced' Meier By Janet Pickering “I never had any experience with girl cheerleaders before (notice I added the cheerleader), so I can’t tell you much,” replied Stubby Meier, when asked how his plans for a co-ed cheerleader were progressing. Stubby, Purdue’s head cheerleader, added that he had been talking to several girls about the job, but had nothing definite as yet. He is planning ^to write to Louisiana State University or some other college which has a co-ed cheerleader and find out more about it. “I have a swell new cheer,” he continued. “It’s called the Purdue Battle Cry.” The new cheer is taken from a song by 0. K. Quivey, Purdue ’17. It was introduced here in 1935, but wasn’t given enough publicity. Stubby has been teaching the new cheer at his pep sessions at the fraternity and sorority houses. He said that it runs as follows: Fight on, Purdue We’re all for you. Fight Purdue, Fight Purdue, Fight. Rah, Rah, Rah. There is a new ending to the Boilermaker Yell which gives a skyrocket effect. It goes: S-s-s Boom Ah Purdue,” and is not to be confused with the ending of the series yell. Frosh Speech Contest Will Open October 18 Preliminaries for the annual Beveridge Speaking Contest will begin October 18. All freshmen eds in the University are eligible to enter the contest and must select their topic for the five minute talk from the following list: Why Go to College?, Socialized Medicine, Public Utilities, The Effect of International Conflict in America, The Problem of Our Organized Labor, Students’ Cooperatives, A Planned Agriculture, Radio Hams, Our Crime Problem, Our Traffic Problem, and Purdue Traditions. Loving Cup A loving cup for permanent possession will be given the winner of first place. The organization receiving the greatest number of points will also receive a cup. This contest serves as the freshman division of the Hanley Speech Contest. The winner and runner-up in the contest are eligible to enter the finals of the annual Hanley Speech Contest. Prizes for the Hanley Contest are $50.00 and $20.00. The six finalists in the Beveridge contest are also automatically members of the freshman varsity debate squad. Students may sign up for the contest outside room 301, University Hall. For further information, call Bob Carr, 5021. DuPoni Continues Senior Interviews Interviews for engineering students are being continued today by George R. Beach and George S. Long, representatives of the du Pont de Nemours Company of Wilmington, Del. The company is seeking men for employment in production, research, development, sales, power plants, and design. Doctor’s degrees are necessary to be eligible for research work, and only chemical engineers with Master’s degrees are in line for development work.
. . . corsages will be the order of the evening at the annual Gold Diggers’ Ball tonight. Dick Cisne and his University of Illinois band will play sweet swing music for the co-eds who sway with their chosen Prince Charmings.
Corsages For Gold Diggers' Dance To Show A Variety Of Candies, Fruits And Ribbons
Boys, beware! Your corsage may be one of the many original, ingenious, and unique atrocities that was made by a co-ed for the Gold Diggers’ Dance tonight. Nothing was spared in making the corsages. Unusual effects were achieved by the use of pop bottle caps, feathers, vegetables, gum drops, satin ribbon streamers, lollipops, cellophane, leaves, powder puffs, flower seed packages, tinfoil, baby rattles, and both real and artificial flowers.
If she said she was sending you flowers, don’t be too optimistic. You may get a tiara of pansies, rosebuds, poppies, or gardenias. You may get a nosegay of cornflowers ,with the colors of your fraternity in it. You may get a nosegay of cornflowers pinned to a doily. Or you may get the 18-inch shoulder corsage of pink and white chrysanthemums tied with red ribbon! If she said nothing, expect the worst!
Opinions Concerning Compulsory Affendance Discussed At Tau Kappa Alpha Open Forum Opinions on compulsory or voluntary class attendance were about evenly divided last night at the Tau Kappa Alpha forum held in the faculty lounge of the Union. R. A. Buckles, president of Tau Kappa Alpha, forensic honorary, acted as chairman of the forum and introduced members of the panel. Miss Claire Coolidge, assistant to the dean of women; Mary Wien, senior co-ed debater. Professor R. W. Babcock of the English department; and E. G. Elliott, president of the Student Senate, led the discussion. Reasons set forth in favor of attendance were that students came here primarily for professional reasons, that college students are mature enough to make their own decisions, and that the student takes on a responsibility when he signs a contract with a professor to attend a class. Arguments Arguments presented by the faculty against voluntary attendance were that the cuts are spontaneous desires, absences should be justified, and that the students who get by with P grades on occasional attendance would probably do much better if a system of compulsory attendance were used. The ideal situation was stated as one in which every student would be free to stay away from class, and no student would miss a class. It was decided that many things must be considered before cutting or attending classes. The topic for discussion at the next forum to be held two weeks from last night will be “Are the Democratic and Republican parties doomed?” The audience took an active part in last night’s discussion. PIA Ward Work AlChE To Hear Du Pont
Starts Monday PIA begins the second stage in the membership campaign today. J. E. Hinshaw, who has just returned to school, takes over the chairmanship of the campaign which was held in his absence by R. Jenkins. With all books due checked in this evening, Hinshaw expects the total number of members to exceed 800. Beginning next Monday, the campaign will shift from individual work to ward work. Hinshaw will keep all books out of circulation the remainder of this week while he sets up an extensive system of wards. West Lafayette will be divided into 14 wards. A chairman will be chosen for each of these wards, for the purpose of organizing a sales staff for that ward to contact all students in that area. The ward which sells the most memberships over a period of two weeks will be awarded a prize of five dollars, Hinshaw says “to spend as they please.”
Plan Co-ed Conference On Contemporary Culture Plans for a Conference on Contemporary Culture to be held November 16 and 17 in the Memorial Union Building are being completed by the Women’s Self-Governing Association. Since Purdue is a technical school there has long been felt a need for broadening the students’ aspect of contemporary culture and rounding out the limited curriculum. ■li-M—ii-Mii—Betty Elstun, chairman of the
Head Discuss Neoprene “Neoprene,” the new rubber substitute developed by DuPont laboratories, will be the subject of a speech by S. G. Byam, head of the DuPont rubber research laboratory, this afternoon at 4 in the main lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. The lecture will be sponsored by the local AIChE chapter, and will be the organization’s fii’st meeting of the year. Church Group To Hold Picnic In Happy Hollow Happy Hollow will be the scene of the annual picnic of St. John’s Episcopal Fellowship this Sunday. Members who plan to go on the outing should notify Rev. R. F. Thornton, 3938, before noon today. Members of the Fellowship and their guests are expected to meet in the Union lobby by 3:00 o’clock Sunday afternoon.
Exponent Editors Tell 40 Freshmen Of Work On Paper Opening Exponent training school program for editorial freshmen, H. I. Stanback, editor, and D. A. Bailed, city editor, explained to more than 40 freshmen the paper’s staff organization system and the positions held by freshmen and sophomores. Times were set for future meet-
A
ings at which more details of editorial work will be taken up. After three meetings personal interviews will be held with each freshman candidate to determine his interests and to arrange his work schedule. The training school will last approximately three weeks, after which the freshmen will be added to the staff as regular workers. An inspection trip through the Exponent offices and the printing shops will be conducted at the third meeting of the freshman group. Nowlan Will Play For Union Mixer Ken Nowlan and his Club Lincolnshire orchestra will be featured at tomorrow night’s Union mixer. Nowlan, responding to his introduction on the campus, will present a swing session from seven until eight o’crock, preceding the dance. The Club Lincolnshire band has played engagements at popular country clubs and hotels throughout the Chicagoland district. Hotel Hayes, Hotel Del Prado, Olsnmpia Fields Country Club all of Chicago, and the Woodmar Country Club in Hammond, Indiana, are the popular night spots previously visited by maestro Nowlan. From 9 until midnight Nowlan will preside over the regular mixer. The regular price of one dollar a couple will prevail. Purdue-IU Game Tickets Sell Out In One Hour By the Roving Co-ed Tom Jay, freshman engineer, happily walked away from the Student Union ticket desk in the Union lobby yesterday at 4:41 p. m. joyfully gripping the last two ducats for the Indiana game out of a special block of over 400. “It was a pleasant surprise,” said Jay shortly after he purchased the final tickets to go over the table. Seven persons standing behind Jay in line enviously watched him pocket tire last-sold tickets. Tickets were sold on a “first come first served” basis. At 4 o’clock, the ticket line extended from the desk across the Union lobby, through the men’s lounge, and back again into the lobby. Maury To Play At Hallowe'en Frolic Irvan Maury’s popular jcampus band has been chosen to play for the annual Barn Yard Frolic sponsored by the Newman Club on October 28. Hallowe’en decorations will furnish a background for this costume dance of the year. Tickets, priced at one dollar a couple, will be on sale Thursday, October 20, at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk.
advisory committee consisting of faculty members and students, has announced that all women students attending the conference will be excused from classes on Thursday, November U* Stewart Chase, famous economist and author of Your Money’s Worth and The Economics of Abundance, will open the conference with a lecture on Wednesday evening in the Memorial Union Ballroom. Thursday morning at 9 o’clock Dr. Flora Thurston, acting head of the Home Economics Department at Cornell University, wil speak on “Marriage as Related to Youth Problems.” Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Furnas, University alumni, will discuss “The Scientific Trends in Culture” at 10:30 o’clock. Following each of these lectures will be a student discussion group. A Seminar on Art will fill the Thursday afternoon session. The following phases of art will be taken up at this time: Painting, by Forbes Watson, head of the Federal Arts Project; Drama, by Mrs. Hallie Flanagan, Federal Arts Project; Writing, by Robert Morris Lovett, University of Chicago professor; Modern Dance, by Doris Humphreys, famous authority; Music, by Edward Barry, music critic of the Chicago Tribune; and Sculpturing, Alexander Archipenko, conductor of a school of sculpturing in Chi-
cago.
“Youth and a Philosophy of Living” will be the topic of discussion at the final meeting of the conference on Thursday evening in Eliza Fowler Hall. The speaker for this session has not yet been chosen. Committee chairman Betty Elstun ih being assisted by Mary Cooley, Martha Moorehead, Betty Jo Sexton, Doris Gamble, Louise Schickler, Mariana Wilson, Paula Zwierlein, Alberta Densford, Margaret Crankshaw, and Joan Wimborough. The faculty advisors <^are Miss Ruth Houghton, of the Women’s Placement Service, and Dean Dorothy C, Stratton. Support in this project has been pledged by all the campus co-ed activities. Plan EE Picnic For Saturday Afternoon Sponsored jointly by the AIEE and Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary, the EE picnic planned for tomorrow afternoon at Murdock Park promises to be a red letter day for EE students, according to expectations of the committee in charge. The picnic will bring together the members of the EE school and their professors and instructors. Enough activities have been arranged to suit practically everyone’s taste. Radios will be set up to bring the Pur-due-Fordham football game to the picnic grounds, and refreshments will be served to the group dui-ing the afternoon. Many faculty members and students have vohmteered their cars for use m transporting the picnicers to the Park; according to the officers in charge, all those who wish to go should meet in front of the EE Building at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon. Tickets cost 25 cents apiece and may be obtained from members of the org:anizations sponsoring the affair.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and somewhat warmer today; tomorrow, fair and sqniewhat cooler.£dijtoMiai
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^jiaJtuJUL&
Friday, October 14, 1938
Now A Week... ... since the last of rush. A week since co-eds started back to work A week since preference dinners; a week of returning to normal. During the preceding weeks co-eds were drinking cokes and examining each other minutely for social ease and grace, wit and charming personalities. P\’om sorority members we heard of late hours of discussion and little studying, of the unpleasantness of throat-cutting. From prospective sorority members we’ve heard of late first wonderful stories of feting, then (after the dinner invitations) a bit of unhappiness because—^well—invitations often don’t go or come as they might: and finally after preference dinner tears, bewilderment, sadness by those who pledged as well as those who didn’t. What are the real objections to the present system? Can they be overcome? This staff would like to know. If the complaints were mere idle chatter then it is worry over nothing. But if the program is open to the criticism we have heard, then what is to be done about it? If the campus sorority members, pledges, or others have any suggestions, complaints, or questions letters to the editor will let us know them. No names will be used. We want to know whether what we have heard is representative. The Recent... ... epidemic of window breaking on the campus reached a climax last night when police caught three youngsters, between the ages of 12-14, wantonly throwing stones through campus building windows These youngsters were turned over to their parents for punishment. However, the police warn, offenders will not get off so easily in the future. To guard against a repetition of last night’s incident, extra policemen will be added to the campus force this week-end, and all window smashes will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law. It seems strange that these youngsters
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pubhshers Representaitve AZO Madison Ave New York N Y Chicago Boston Los anobles • San Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage pronnded for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regulM academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60
Editor-In-Chief . Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor I-S. Hardin City Editor _ „ - - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, W A Kroeplin, D G Temo, J C Woodson CO-ED STAFF Co ed Editor-in chief—Sally McKee Associate Editors—Betty Wickard, Joy Johnson Georgann Schilling Co ed Sports Editor—Betty Wickard Sophomore Assistants—Mane Butz Georgia Carroll, Dorothy Miller, Janet Pickenng, Mary Burtsfield, Eleanor Fink, Fairie Totten, Charlotte Sebast, Betty Jane Short, Beth Simpson, Jane Briscoe, Ruth Schlitter Freshman Assistants—Edna Nottingham Barbara Hyman, Laura Betty Gregory EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4095, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions m it unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily colnoide with the offoial University viewpoint. All unsifimed editorials are written by the editor-in-chief
Night Editor—G Schilling Issue Editor—^J Johnson Friday, October 14, 1938
could not divert their youthful energies into more productive channels. At any rate, a word to the wise is sufficient.—J. C. W., Jr.
DeanM. L. Matthews Leaves For Diexel Dean Maiy L Matthews, acting head of the Home Economics Department and president of Omicron Nu, Home Economics honorary, left for Diexel Institute, Philadelphia, Pa, yesterday to install the thirtieth chapter of Omicron Nu Today she will attend installation services and a banquet after the chapter has been installed She will talk at the Home Economics convention and is to be the guest of honor at a reception afterwards G. J. SchoessoHf ^31^ To Attend Cornell Glenn J Schoesson, Pm due ’31, has been chosen as one of nine stu dents to attend Cornell University on a John McMullen Graduate Scholarship He received his Master’s Degree in Mechamcal Engi-
neering and will study for an advanced degree m the College of Engineering at Cornell
ARC
TODAY
SATURDAY J®KES ©lilSRCHiLL RKO-RADIO M PfCTUBE
-AND—
— Also — ZORRO RIDES AGAIN
LUMA
TODAY - SAT.
2 FIRST RUN HITS
"J
— Plus —
[i| . j
— Admission
<—
Matinee
20c
Nights
20c-25c
Children
10c
Nighr Prices Prevail on
Sundays
and Holidays
A PIKER? Don't be a piker—take your date in style to Gold Diggers in a YELLOW CAB Be prepared for the elements as well as showing Him how it should be done.
Phone 3071 5023
YELLOW CAB CO Quick Service Is Our Specialty
K
Take note of the boys who are wearing happy smiles today. They are the POPULAR Purdue eds who will swing it at Gold Diggers tonight Or maybe they’re just lucky. But don’t think our co-eds are so dumb. Most of them expect to be seen at one —or more— of the many pledge dances Saturday. If all hearsay were true the Delts, Phi Psis and Phi Delts would have 100 pel cent representation at the Union tonight, but we know better Partial proof of the pudding IS in this desperate paid ad “Please, won’t someone ask me to Gold Diggers just once ? I’ll even use my own car ” —SULLY MASON. Nominations for the title of “most eligible bachelor” are coming in by the hundreds Last counts revealed Ted Cabonargi, Carl Swan, and Bottle Edwards to be strong favorites. Poor Sully hovers cjose to the top, but since his company is not to be enjoyed at the dance, it is doubtful if he will receive the honor. Ask Frank Lewis, Sig Ep scandal fiend, why Peg Davis broke her date with him Why, Frank’ Hub Boyer, Beta flash will be seen at “G.D 1” The Pi Phi at Illinois who has his pm isn’t coming
M AIH
Today — Tomorrow Double Feature
At Their Laugh Making Heart Winning Best’
Plus
Ml'
The hilarious *Sl§. ‘ snoderus who wauted a rest from romance three numths each year!
fiwalOVE with DENNIS O'KEEFE FLORENCE RICE REGINALD OWEN JUNE KNIGHT ^ Today — Saturday UfmVET^
GRIN AhB BEAR IT
By Lickty
Jj.
/y
*
'Eat at the Captain’s table?. I should say notto eating with the help!”
down, nor is T. Berry, whom he’s been rushing, dragging him. Pal Troyer seems to have fixed him up. Maybe Louise Smith knows.
Fall and winter menus are not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd St.
Phone 5372
— with — A Star-Studded Cast of International Artists
The Parisian Melodians All Girl Swing Band Four Byrons Laugh Sensation of Two Continents
Wilfred DuBois International Juggling Star Bob Dale & Co. "Meet the Girl Friend"
and a score of others
ON THE SCREEN p^Ramlolph SCOTT *
I’ — with — sf GLENDA FARRELL HOPE HAMPTON — LAST DAY — William Gargan Joy Hodges in "Personal Secretai
ADMISSION 11 30 A M All Seats 25c i oo^p m T 00 P M All Seats 30c 2 oo^p m 2:00 P. M to Closing Main Floor 40c Balcony 30c Children (All Day) 15c Stage Shows at 1:30 - 3:40 - 5 50 - 8:00 - 10:15 Last Complete Show at 10‘15
-we ain’t used
FAMOUS LAST LINES FOR G. D. “Worry, woiry—thought he’d say ‘No ’ Now wheremthehell will I get the dough’”
a i
V 'iFriday. October 14. 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
-K
Coach Elward Optimistic On NBC Radio Interview
BIG TEN BANDWAGON
Need More All-Campus Golf Entrles-Clevelt
“How do you feel about the Purdue-Fordham game?” was Eddie Dooley’s first question to Mai Elward, Chesterfield’s guest Big Ten coach. Mai was being interviewed over a coast-to-coast NBC hookup. “The boys are playing to win. They are enthusiastic and I am expecting a terrific battle,” he replied. “Purdue’s defense was strongly tested by the Gophers and they came out with flying colors.” ■'
“Do you think your backfield can stop Pordham?” Dooley asked. Elward said, “We have the speed to cover them and alertness. Purdue effectively covered Detroit’s aerial attack.”
East vs. West
“The day of sectional football has passed. It is a national game. The best team in the mid-west is no better than the best team in any other
conference,” said Elward to Dooley’s question, “Do you think the mid-west brand of football is better than that of the east ?” EbO^ard continued by saying that there is less actual difference between the best and worst teams in the Big Ten than in any other conference.
Dooley predicted that Pordham would win over Purdue “with apologies to his guest, Mai Elward.”
Picture Framing
A complete line of frames in Glass, Leather, Metal and Wood
Hineas
634 Main
Standings in the Big Ten after last iveek’s games show that only one team has not yet met conference opposition, while one team has played two conference games. The standings: Team Won Lost Minnesota 1 0 Ohio State 1 0 Illinois 1 0 Wisconsin 1 0 Michigan 1 0 Northwestern 0 0 Purdue . 0 1 Iowa 0 1 Chicago 0 1 Indiana 0 2 —B-T-B— Indiana, humiliated twice so far, gets a two weeks rest from conference games. Saturday the Hoosiers tackle the twice-beaten Nebraska Cornhuskers, but may be without the services of seven men who sustained injuries in the Illinois game. Frank Patrick, regular end, is out for two weeks with a broken finger, four have leg injuries, and Vince Oliver and Captain Graham are also on the injured list. —B-T-B— Northwestern will settle a lot of
Twenty more men must sign up for all-campus golf if the competition is to be held, according to M. L. Clevett, intramural head. Only 12 men out of the 32 necessary have signed up. Those who wish to enter the competition should pay the entry fee of one dime at the intramural office any day this week before five o’clock.
questions when it meets the Buckeyes at Evanston Saturday. Waldorf has been using the Drake game as a demonstration of errors in end play and tackling. The Wildcats saw moving pictures of the fray after the first practice session this week. Schmidt’s record is at stake in this game, and he is telling his men to “Forget California; Northwestern is tougher.” _b-t-b— Oddly enough, the Wolverines are determined and almost confident as they prepare to face Minnesota. Both teams are in fine physical condition, and the game is at Minneapolis, and is expected to draw over 50,000 fans. Michigan Coach Fritz Crisler and two of his assistants, were formerly at the Gopher institution, Crisler as head coach in 1930 and 1931.
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
CHILDREN’S DANCING CLASSES ORGANIZED BALLET - TAP - BALLROOM ENROLL SAT., OCT. 15th Private Lessons and Classes for Adults Study Under a Teacher With a National Reputation INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL Phone 2150
ALLEN S
6lli& FERRY
East Side of Square SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
POPCORN and CANDY DAD'S PLACE - SO HANDY
CONVENIENT i For Your Guests on the Corner of the Campus and in The Center of ACTIVITY Yet Pleasant, Quiet and COMFORTABLE
Make Reservations Now THE UNION CLUB
JPUL lpJu)vdlJUL TyUmuMcd. lAnimL
The Corner of the Campus--Yet the Center of Activities
WINDOW GLASS
INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
Conditioned for Comfort
Arrow Shoreham with collar attached and soft pleated bosom is both the smartest and most comfortable shirt you can wear with a tux $3
For more formal occasion, wear the Arrow Lido, with stand-up wing collar. It has the more comfortable narrow bosom with suspender loops to make it lie smooth. Streamlined mitoga fit — Sanforized Shrunk $3 (<
ALLOW
DRESS SHIRTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles at GULLION’S
Fighting Purdue Eleven Aspires To Upset Rams
Not since the Saturday of October 12,1935, has Fordham lost a game on their home field, the Polo Grounds, and on that day it was Purdue who handed the eastern team a 20-0 lacing. Tomorrow morning at 9 o’clock, a fighting Purdue team will arrive in Gotham, determined to repeat that victory. Depending on the speed of the attack, coupled with the same type of defensive play that was used against Minnesota last Saturday, the Boilermakers hope to overcome the Rams’ superiority^ on straight power.
Intramural Notices
SOFTBALL Diamond 1— H 1 vs. B 1. 2— A 1 vs. P 1. 3— D 1 vs. F 1. 4— E 1 vs. S 1. 6—H 2 vs. B 2. 6— A 2 vs. C 2. 7— D 2 vs. F 2. 8— E 2 vsi S 2. 9— H 3 vs. B 3. 10— A 3 vs C 3. 11— D 3 vs. P 3. 12— E 3 vs. S 3. 13— H 4 vs B 4. 14— A 4 vs. C 4 16—D 4 vs. F 4. 16— E 4 vs. S 4. 17— Winner (Delta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma) vs. Winner (Phi Delt vs. Beta Theta Pi). 18— Winner (S A. E. vs. Phi Sigma Kappa) vs. Winner (Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho). 19— Loser (Delta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma) vs. Loser (Phi Delt vs. Beta Theta Pi). 20— Loser (S. A. E. vs. Phi Sigma Kappa) vs. Loser (Phi Kappa Psi vs. Alpha Gamma Rho).
With the possible exception of Leonard Diehl, who may replace the impaired Dick Johnson at the right tackle post. Coach Mai Elward expects to employ the same starting lineup that he used in the Minnesota game. Gene Britt and Felix Mackie-
WBAA will broadcast the Pur-due-Fordham game at one o’clock tomorrow instead of two as was announced in yesterday’s Exponent.
TOUCHBALL PRACTICE
Today
Field Official 3— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Tau Omega.
Boyer
4— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu.
Luce
6—^Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Lhapman 6— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Brodsky 7— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Xi Evers 8— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Smithson
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT TODAY
wicz will take over the ends; Joe Mihal and Whitey Johnson are to be at the guard positions; August Moimngstar, center, taking the place of co-captain Paul Humphrey, who was injured in the Detroit contest; Ted Hennis, quarterback; Lou Brock and Jack Brown, halfbacks, and Tony Ippolito, fullback. Performance of Brock and Brown at Minneapolis gave Purdue an edge on punting and passing, although Fordham hopes to meet this edge with their sophomore, Leonard Eshmont, kicking ace. Frequent shifts in the Boilermaker backfield alignment will be made to keep the attack at high speed through the game. Ted Tykocki, one of the likeliest sophomore prospects, who was handicapped by injuries earlier in the season, has been groomed for action at left half as a replacement for Jack Brown.
20% DISCOUNT RECORD SALE
Viefor Brunswick Decca Blue Bird Vocalion
is your opportunity to obtain the latest classic and swing records at this great saving. Try out the latest records in our new, private sound-proof record studios.
McLEAN MUSIC CO.
514 Main Street
Phone 7917
1 the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Shoe Repair
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. RilSNER
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARSITY BOOT SHOP
• Florists
• Tailor
for distinctive corsages ROTH FLORIST Phone 7955—8050 635 main str.eet
sparrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Beauty Studio
u No Appointifient Necessary MERLE GREGORY BEAUTY SHOP n6V2 No. 3rd St. West Side of Square
• Professional
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• jewelers
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all w© do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Christmas Cards
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS 50 Assorted Lovely Desiglhs with 6nvelopies for $1.50. Finest Quality Art SS.Oo. Your name inscribed on each tree If desired. An Ideal Xmas Gift. Order Early. NICHOLS & CO. Rockmart, 6«oraia
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
■^1!
'S
^tocaL CHa,
THE PUBDXIE EXPONENT
%ojtiaLiL.
Friday, October 14, 1938
IV
PurdwB Featured On NBC Program
CALI, 7828 and order a case of 820— economy toilet roll $4.60.
Engineering Building Friday, October 14. —TREBBY.
sing,
FOR SALE—1928 Chrysler $30. Mr. Tua-
Education Building.
“Purdue Night” will be celebrated on the air next Tuesday evening, when the University will be saluted as the “College of the Week” durthe Phillip Morris Company program, “Johnny Presents.”
QUESTION?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed standard weight 18%xl3% only $8.60 per case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Cadet Officer’s Luncheon Committee: There will be a meeting at 11:30 a. m., Saturday, October 16, in the armory. —LEVIN.
Purdue Engineer: Stephens, Horth, Anderson, Hawkins, Shankland, Botsford, Ely, and Johnson report to Rice or Felix at 4 p. m. Friday, October 14. —HART.
supper will be held Saturday evening, October 16, at 6:46 p. m. in the church for 16 cents. All Methodist men are invited. —McFADDEN.
Wesley Foundation: Hobo party Friday evening, October 14, at 7:80, at the Foundation. Wear old clothes. —MeP AUDEN.
LOST—^Brown suede jacket in room 103 M. E. Building. Finder please call Posson 2390.
Purdue Lutheran Students Club: Picnic Sunday afternoon, October 16. Be at the main lounge of the Union at 2:30 p. m. —PULTZ, OTT.
AIChE: Meeting Friday, October 14, at 4 p. m. in Electrical Engineering Building room 109. —JACOBI.
The program will be one of the series featuring different colleges and univei*sities over the countrv, and as a special tribute, Russ Morgan and his orchestra will play “For the Honor of Old Purdue,” Many alumni groups and friends are intending to tune in for the broadcast, which will be given at 7 o’clock (C.S.T.). over the Red network of the National Broadcasting Company .
Notices
Wisconsin Alumni: Reverend Gleason wants a good turnout for the Homecoming Banquet Friday night, October 21, at 6:16. Tickets are selling at $1. A table will be reserved. A. J. Berge, alumni secretary, will be there, and probably President Dykstra of Wisconsin. —BAUGH.
EE Students: All EE picnic Saturday, October 15. Meet in front of EE building at 1 o’clock. —FIELD.
M. E. 31 Conditions: Examinations for the removal of conditions in M. E. 81 will be held Saturday, December 10, in room 301 of the M. E. building. Make arrangements with the undersigned before noon December 8. This will be the only opportunity this semester. (10-16) MESSERSMITH.
Ag Chemical Club: All freshmen interested in attending the Freshman reception Friday, October 14, meet ia front of Ag Hall at 7 p. m. —MABY.
Wesley Foundation: Annual men’s bean
PIA Orchestra: There will be no practice Friday, October 14. -^HINN.
YWCA 21 Club: For all girls over 21 who plan to vote November 80. Girls interested must sign up in the YWCA office this week. First meeting in YWCA office Monday, October 17, at 4 p. m. —MOORBHEAD.
Notices may be phoned in to the Exponent editorial office or placed in the Exponent box at the main Union desk before 8 p. m.
WAA Hockey: There will be an open hockey practice Friday evening, October 14, at 4 o’clock. Come out and support your class team. —SHAFFER.
Co-ed Lifesavers: There will be a meeting of lifesavers in charge of the pool at 11 a. m. Saturday, October 16. —JORGESON.
EE Students: Meet in front of EE Building Saturday, October 16, at 1:00 p. m. for transportation to picnic. —FIELD.
Military: The following scheduled softball games are cancelled: H3 vs. B3 on October 14, HI vs. B1 on October 14, A1 vs. B1 on October 17, and A3 vs. B3 on October 17. Special play-off schedule: HI vs. Bl, D1 vs. El, and FI vs. SI on intra-mural field at 1:16 p. m. on Saturday, October 16. —BECKLEY.
American Cleaning is a Dependable Service
THi rAnmimf LAUNDRY . and y* CLEANING. ca
PIA Girls: All those girls who signed up for the bowling team meet in the PIA office Friday, October 14, at 4:00 for a short meeting. —JAKES.
AIChE: Get membership cards from Deiths, Harris, Massey, Granger, and Jacobi by Saturday, October 16. —JACOBI.
SmuJtipiL (jJfftL
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.76. Applies. C. F. Ebershoff,’ 606 Main street.
PIA Orchestra: No rehearsal Friday, October 14, and orchestra will not play Saturday, October 15. - —SHINN.
CALLING ALL FRATERNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Public Service Engineers: The senior inspection trip for Public Seivice Engineers will be held in Chicago and vicinity, from November 1-4 inclusive. The proposed eastern trip could not be arranged. —KNAPP.
Freshman Engineering Lectures: All divisions of freshman engineering lectures will meet Saturday, October 16, in Eliza Fowler Hall. Occupy seats previously assigned. —KNAPP.
ROOM FOR BOYS—Large front loom with twin beds 212 Wiggins St.
Radio Club: Beginner’s theory class meeting at 4 p. m. in room 254 of the Electrical
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY
511 Ferry St. Phone 7828
All kinds of printing from a calling cand to a High School Annual
McfUlUtA, TyicudsL
AmBtican Laundry
Fine Cleaning and Shoe Repairs
West Side - 132 Vine Street
CREPE SOLES STYLE SPECiriEO
MailStyias
B & W'Shoe Co. East Side of Square
i®ILTY!
OF ABUSING YOUR MOTOR CAR
The sentence is heavy— a big repair bill, unreasonable depreciation, and a car that is worn out before its time. Save yourself from this penalty by letting our skilled mechanics service your car and check it regularly.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Schedule of Debris Senior Picture Sittings
Photographers from Dexheimer-Carlon Studios, Indianapolis,^ are taking Debris senior pictures in room A of the Union Building, starting at 8 a. m. each morning of the schedule. Every senior has been scheduled a sitting for a definite time, and will receive a card through the mail telling the exact time of his sitting.
Debris editors state that it is very important that each senior report to room A on time, or that he make arrangements for a convenient time. A minimum charge of $1.50 is made for the regular Debris pictures and should be made at the time the picture is taken.
Friday, October 14
8.158 8.408 8:508- 9:159- 209 259 9.359 409 9:5510 0010 0510 10.1510 2010 2510 3010 3510 4010 10-50-10.55-
-Marcus, J. L. -Wright, B. -Norton, R. -Smith, W. L -Snelling, W. L. -Stephenson, ]. W. -Sterns, C. F. -Strapulos, C. -Suliot, J. N —Roger, Marjorie -Pultz, Katherine E. -Reed, Martha -Tooker, Melba -Wetherald, Thomas R. -Whistler, (Zarlyle E, -Wiesner, Blame K. -Wille, C. A. -Williamson, H. E. -Wilson, W. W. -Winter, Fred W. -Wyczdwski, R N. -Yalowitz, H I. -Zachary, J. E. -Ruth, R. J. -Stone, C. B. 1 -Strzalkowski, M. S. -Vance, D. R. -Axelrod, Norman R. -Yoman, W. D. -Zeller, A J. -Zink, H. j.. -Throckmorton, R. E. -Weber, N H. -Weist -Williams, J. G
11 11:10I 1 11:20II :251 1 :30I 1 :35II :4011 :451 1 :501 1 :551 :001 :051 :101 :151 :201 :251 :301 :351 :40-
-Simon, H. J. -Summers, I. A. -Van Horn, J. H. -Zuck, E. W. -Tomasyewski, T. -Troyer, M. R. -Truer, E. L. -Wagner, C. St. Claire -Weisman, P. -Wise, J. C. -Pierce, Marjorie -Reverda, Wellama -Snyder, E. B. -Swanoon, E. W. -Thornes, H. W. -Tippy; j. V. -Toben, G. W. -Toy, F. C. -Tureski, S. j. -Vandwinkle, R. H. -VanAbeele, L. K.
1 :451 3:003:05-
-Vansant, W. G -Vergane, W. L -Wadliegh, E -Wallace, J. A. -Walter, R. C. -Rose, Marjorie -Renfroe, Ruth -Sands, Muriell -Schilling, Dorothy -Scott, Helen M. -Smith, Martha -Stewart, Eleanor -Sutherlin, Vera -Swick, Pauline -Tearney, j -Ward, j. E.
3:1 0—Ross, Eleanor 3:1 5—Sexton, Betty j. 3:20—Thelen, Alberta E. 3:25—Throckmorton, Lucy 3:30—Totten, Rosalie H. 3:35—Vandivier, Rosemary 3:40—Weitzel, Madeline 3:45—Werner, B. H. 3:50—Westfall, R. M. 3:55—White, David 4:00—Simmons, R. O. 4:05—^Thomas, E. K. 4:10—Vinson, F. E. 4:15—Wagner, R. 4:20—Wolverton, W. B. 4:25—Worcester, P. F. 4:30—Wright, P. H. 4:35—Smith, W. j. 4:40—Snowball, J. R. 4:45—Sobol, R. P. 4-50—Stepath, M D. 4.55—Voight, R. A.
I
05—Stephen, L. H. 10—Warner, C. 15—Wicoff, D. C. 20—Wiggins, J. M. 25—Wisneoki, J. E. 30—Withers, B.
Saturday, October 15
00—Sokolowski, A. W. 05—Spehn, G. G. 10—Stephan, P. G. 15—Swan, F. T. 20—Swan, C. T. 25—Thiry, W. C. 30—Thompson, G. C. 35-t—Timmerman, P. C. 40—Van Meter, M. E. 45—West, W. C. 50—Wilcox, M. B. 55—Wilder, E. D. OO--—Stevens, W. P.’
:35—Zettel, j. H. ;40—Zimmer, R. C. :45—Zlogar, W. A. :50—Zoeller, J. V. :55—Miller, Mary Helen :00—Taylor, J. E. :05—Troyer, W. R. :10—Tsang, J. M. :1 5—Verner, R. A. :20—Wald, D. C. :25—Wakefield, M. C. :30—Wallace, J. T, :35—Weil, A. E. :40—Wells, D. K. :45—Willis, J. M. :50—Willis, j. H, :55—Zweig, H. :00—Wehrung, R. B. :05—Whitney, L. L. :1 0—Wickersham, M. E. :15—Williams, D. A. :20—Williams, R. H. :25—Williamson, J. H. :30—Wilson, H. G. :35—Wing, H. :40—Witwer, B. D. :45—Woody, H. N. :50—Wozniak, T. C. :55—Wright, C. F.
1 S
y p)
4'