.1 3
pn
r
BoNermakers;
Will TansI
Matl LE Harris ICarlstad LG . . Warren Kapter LG .. .. Bar\vegen tfudson . C Leugo Burke RG. ’ Pnwers Vincent ... ... RT French Hasse HE Smerke Kean QB Hajzyk Graham LH . .. Smock Bnffmire . . . RH Andretich Hirdch FB ... Buffington Bi^oadcants: John Harrington, WBBM sports announcer, will broadcast the Riveter-Wildcat game starting at 1:45 pi. m. tomorrow with the kick-off scheduled to take place at 2 p. m.
By Charlotte Hass Thirty - six tense Boilermaker gridiron stars, hoping to place Elmer Burnham’s 1942 pigskin ma-
chine in the win column, will leave for Chicago early this afternoon for their all-important clash with the Northwestern Wildcats. In the final har^d scrimmage yesterday afternoon, the Riveters sought to perfect both offense and defense. Offensively Burnham placed the emphasis on speed and deception, while during defense training, the Boilermakers concentrated on methods' of smothering the types of forward passes that are expected to be hurled by Lynn Waldorf’s bunch. Same Combination At a rousing pep session last night, Burnham indicated that he would stick to the same combination that initiated the' Fordham and Vanderbilt games, with John Andretich, a Chicago boy, acting as
captain for the Boilermakers. Building up an effective aerial defense occupied the main attention of the Riveter noaches in yesterday afternoon’s scrimmage session. An analysis of the statistics of the two sectional losses reveals that while the sturdy Boilermaker line was functioning well against running plays, an inability to knock down the opposition’s passes has been responsible for the most of the Riveters’ grief. Burnham has been trying during practice ‘ this week to strengthen these particular points. The games between the Riveters and the Wildcats constitute one of the oldest and at the same time most evenly contested football series in the Midwest. As it stands, each of the teams has won 12 bat-
tles and one game ended in a 7-7 tie. Wildcats Seek Revenge This year’s competition will find the Wildcats seeking revenge for the 3 to 0 setback suffered in 1939, the last time these teams met on the field. Outplayed for three quarters the Boilermakers unleashed a drive that surged to the Wildcats’ 14 yard line, and Freddie Montague then spun a field goal between the goal posts for the only score of the game. ’Probably the most famed contest of the series occurred in the postseason charity game of 1931 when the Gold and Black scored a mighty 7 to 0 victory to dfeprrve Northwestern of its first undisputed championship in history. This
dropped the Wildcats to a triple tie with the Boilermakers and Michigan. Unique History The Northwestern - Boilermaker series is unique in that it provided the only nif;ht game in the^Big Ten history. In 1935 the game Was played under the flood lights at Dyche stadium, because of the conflict in the afternoon with the World Series between the’ Chicago Cubs and the Detroit Tigers. The Boilermakers won that one with a 53 yard return of a punt by Tommy McGannon. With the exception of Alex LcUgo, senior center, who suffered a knee injury that may keep hinj on the sidelines, ;the Riveter squ^ apparently came through its second
intersectional trial against Vanderbilt without any serious casualties. Otto Hurrle, sophomore pivot man from Indianapolis who turned in a brilliant defensive peifformance in the late stages of the Commodore clash, was given a lot of attention by the coaches as a possible starter. At Northwestern Jim Fairchild, sophomore from Denver, and John Winter, Evanston junior, were moved up yesterday as first string substitutes for left halfbdCk Otto Graham with the disclosure that Joe Scriba, Graham’s understudy, would be sidelined with an injury for at least ten days. The traveling squad of Boilermakers who are to attend the game consists of: ENDS—Fori'est McCaffry, William Shinier, Charles Harris, Fred
Smerke, LaVem King, Norman Maloney. TACKLES—Bruce Warren, Bari ry French) Ewel O'Bryan, Raymond Stoelting, Carl Volkraan, Eugene Matrewitz, Clarence Kjellberg. GUARDS — Richard Barwegeh, Frank Ruggieri, Peter DeMaria, William Powers, Ralph Clyraer, Wallace Hendry. CENTERS —Alex Leugo, Otto Hurrle, Bill Newell. QUARTERBACKS — Robert Hajzyk, Vincent Snyder, Tony Berto. HALFBACKS—Kenneth Smock, John Andretich, Robert Chester, Henry Stram, Ed Cycenas, Walter CoOk, Andrew Berkley. FULLBACKS—William Buffington, Robert Bachmann, Joseph Winkler, Charles Close.
NORTHWESTERN Columnist Forecasts Tomorrow's Game
COED STAFF Writes Copy, Edits Today's Exponent t.
Established 1889
Beat Northwestern
Volume 55, No. 24
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, October 9, 1942
First Pep Session Draws Big Crowd Boilermakers, Yell For Vict'ory Against* Norrhwest'ern Wildcats Tomorrdw Boilerma'ker tightirtg spirit was fanned into flame last night by the-first real pep Session of the season. Led by the band, th& phrade of several thousand students swarmed out to Stuart Field which was lit by a huge bonfire. Milling around the platform the fans howled for a victory against North-
western.
Signs of all sorts Were well scattered through the crowd, and all Of them urged the team :
Upperclassmen Must Join ERC
Before December 31 All btudenls desiring to enlist in the Enlisted Reseive Corps aie again reminded of the uigency of
Gold Diggers Will Reign Tonight
Officers To Explain
Enlisted Reserves At Special Convo Cossacks To Present
War Countil Offers
Program Wednesday Oclobef 17
to beat those Wildcat^ Dozens of torches lit the mob, which cheered Elmer Burnham when he said, “Northwestern is tough; we know that, but with the fighting spirit the team has shown in the last week, wo arc taking a really tough bunch to meet
those boys Saturday.”
The acting captain for tomor-
row, John Andretich, said that the placing their applications now. En-
team was ready to give Northwestern a real battle, and he hoped to come home with a victory. Alex Leugo, acting captain for the Fordham gamfe, and Ken Smock, who spark-plugged the Puidue eleven against Vanderbilt, promised that the team would show the Boilermaker spirit against the Wildcats.
listments of all present second semester freshmen, sophomores, juniors and seniors will close December 31 and all first term freshmen must be enlisted before the close of theii fieshman yeai. Applications should be made in Room B-4 of the
Aa'moiy.
Students who have already made
Special war cbnvocation will be sponsored by ihe Student War Council on Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. It is hoped that the questions in the minds of the students concerning the status of the enlisted reseivcs of the various branches of the services will be clarified by the program. Officers who will speak on the program are Lieut. Col. B. F. Hoge, U. S. Cavalry, ri^presentiirg the Army; LieutrA. C. Dumont, of the Army Air Corps; Lieut. R. L. Nipper of the Navy; Lieut. D. E. Oren of the Naval Air Corps; and Lieut. E. F. Ziegler of the Marine Corps. University officials will also appear on the piogram. For two days following the convocation, the officers will meet students, in groups or individually, who aie interested in their particular branches of the service. A large crowd is expected to attend the convocation because of the widespread interest in these reserve programs and their place in the war
effort.
Chief yell leader Biucc Adams applications and have not yet been led the crowd in the lousing cheers enlisted should come to Room B-4
for victory, and the Gimlets dis- of the Armory at their earliest con- ^ ' played the Victory Bell, which is yenient time to complete their eii- M^/// HGfG
rung through the streets when the iis,tment.
University wins a game. geneial requiicnients for eliThe rally ended with a huge for enlistment arc that the snake dance which wound around student be a citizen of the United
American Foresters
October 29-3 J
the campus and finally through the Union. The pep session showed the
States; 18 yeais of age; educationally, morally, physically and psy-
Boilermaker Spirit, and the first pep chologically qualified for appoint rally was a howling success and ,,,nnf rn an nffii'm* /.anrllflai.n sptinnl
we do mean howling.
nrciit to an officer candidate school, and be in full time attendance at
the Univeisity.
Members of the Enlisted Reserve Corps are not subject to call from Selective Service, but are subject only to call by the Secietaiy of War
day night from 8:30 to 11:30 with whenever the emergencies of war Maury Malm, furnishing the music, demand.
PIA To Sponsor Dance Friday Night’
PIA will hold its FalLDance Fri-
Herald-American Lauds University As 'War College'
By Katy Howes "War College of the Middle West” is the title given the Univcisity in a two-page feature aiticle by A. B. Hendry, staff coi icspondent, which will appear in the Chicago HeialdAmerican Sunday. Pointing out that the University is a “natuial” training center foi war activities because of its especially vital student training in engineering, agriculture, home economics, science and phaunacy, the article goes on to review the many othci activities which have also made it a “vital war center”. War Classes Listed Special training in the chemistry of powder and explosives, classes for the ^tudy of ultra-high frequency radio reception, naval tiaining in Diesel engines, state-wide classes in engineering and andusttial science, and agricultural experiments are among the many activities connected with the war efI'oit which aic discussed. Highly commending the University’s ROTC, largest field artilleiy
unit in any university, the article quotes “militaiy authorities” as stating that of all schools in the nation which are giving war tiaining, tins University’s progiam ranks second only to those of West Point and Annapolis in its scope of technical instiuetion. “Doolittle’s Airport” The featuie also lefeis to the Univeisity Airport as “Doolittle’s Airpoit” because Biig. Gen. James n. “Jimmy” Doolittle won his wings here. ^ Seven pictures accompany the article, four of them showing technical instruction, one representing physical examinations, one of the bronze tablet in the Union, and one leputedly woving that “Campus fashions for young men for the dulation are uniforms of the Aiiny, Navy and Marines, with civvies in the minority.” Prof. R. J. Raudebaugh, C. Ilaag, instructor, and Alice Richard, Pri.seillii Hendricks and W. E. Ro.se, student,s, are identified in tlio pictures.
Department of forestry and conseivation will be hosts to the annual section meeting of the Society of American Foresters October 29 to 31 here at the University. The business meeting will be directed by Prof. Daniel Den Uyl, chaiiman of the section which includes Indiana, Ohio, Michigan and
Illinois.
Friday will be occupied by -ijiscussion of technical papeis on the use of wood in the war cmeigcney. A tour of the National Homes factory in Lafayette is planned for the delegates. In the evening, Dr. Henry S. Schmitz, president of the Society of American FoiestiJrs, will be the principal speaker at the annual dinner. About 50 people aie expected to attend the meeting. Di. Edmund Seciest, directoi of the Ohio Expeiiment Station, is expected to lie amorg those attending the meeting. Conducts Soybean School Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agionomy department of the Univeisity, a licensed grain inspector, will go to Washington today to hold a soybean grading scTiool for AAA county comipitteemen and elcvatoi giain men. A similar school will be held at Greensburg tomorrow and Huntington next Friday. At these schools particular attention will be given the study of what constitutes damage to soybeans; the detei mination of dockage and foieign material and the variations in moisture tests. Anyone inteiested in this problem of Imnilling soybeans from the grading standpoint is welcome to attend any of these meetings.
On Saturday night, October 17, the Licneral Platoff Don Cossack Chorus will present a convocation at 7:30 in the Music Hall. The 27 Russian singers are coached and conducted by M. Nicholas Koptrukoff. In addition to their singing of varied types of songs, including opera choruses, soldier songs and lullabies, the chorus does a number of Russian dances —— — including a sword dance per- QjfQrtOf formed by Ivanoff, a member of the chorus. In this dance he carries twelve knives in his mouth and hands, on his chin, lips
and shoulders.
The official founding of the choir took place in 1926 in Czechoslovakia. It was named after the famous Cossack general, Platoff, who achieved military feats 100 ycais ago. The word Don is not a title or distinction, it is merely a distinguishing term, being the name of the River Don, which runs in the district fiom which many of these Cossacks come. Since their official founding, the choius has sung in auditoriums in Euiope, North and South Africa, South and Cential America and almost all the continents of the world.
Trained ill Cathedrals
Although the ClioiuS is not organized as a chapel choir, most of the isingers received their early training in the cathedrals of preSoviet Russia, and their approach to all of their chuich music has a re-
ligious note always.
A cappella, the term used to designate unaccompanied choius singing, can be traced back to the chapel choirs of Europe, where only male
Nicholas Kostrukoff
University Band Lists Winners Of Official
Service Awards
According to an announcement
voices were used. The Don Cossack band headquarters, the followChorus is very much like these old members have been awarded the chapel choirs in many ways. official Purdue Band Service award: Doors Open At 6:45 W. C. Lmdstrom, R. E. Evans, R. J. Doors will open for the convoca- Coers, R. K. Gast, J. H. Isaacs, D. C. tion at 6:45 and admission will be by Ross and W. H. Kolacek. passport or season ticket. Single Basic course bars with three admission is $1.10 including tax. silver stars have been awarded to Season ticket may still be purchased J- H. Anderson, H. R. Berry, R. J. at the Cashier’s Office, or at the win- Cloud, E. R. Couch, G. F. Jones, dow on the night of the perform- R- A. Kasting, R. J. Melichar, B. anee. Myers, G. M. Palmer, C. B. States,
R. J. Toitel, J. G. Byeis gnd J. R.
Wood.
Special course bar with two silver stars was awarded to R. V. Evanson, B. Kayser, L. M. Ruzzler, R. F. Sharp, D. B. Dunwoody, R. S. Macy, R. G. Pitcher, B. A. Woodhull, J. A. Shaw, M. A. Hinderer, J. B. Schoonover, M. L. Smith, W. A. Cheney, W. A. Skinner, P. C. Dodge and
R. II. Schnakenburg.
Receiving the basic course bar with one silver stai award were C. D. Bopp, J. A. King, R. E. Hogue, R. J. Reed, L. R. Cain, E. H. Hemmei, F. D. Johnson, J. K. Lewis and
W, D. Winger.
Dick Cisne's Band To Play For Dance In Union At 8-30 Annual Gold Diggers Ball sponsored by AWS will be held tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union with Dick Cisne and his band from the University of Illinois
providing the music.
Tickets for the dance will be $1.10 and ate on sale at the West Desk of the Union, sorority hPuses, WBAA and from members of the committee.
They may also be purchased at the door tonight. Mary Lou Sternberg is in charge of the
sale of tickets.
A prize will be awarded for the most original corsages, according to Becky Ann Pervine, social chairman of AWS and general chairman of the dance. Votes for the most eligible draftee will be counted and an appiopriate piize awaided. Coeds will use ticket stubs
for this purpose.
Dick Cisne and his band have played at this dance for the last three years. Cisne and his'band aie known as one of the most widely traveled bands in the midwest. Interpreting eveiy modern style of piano, Dick Cisne plays and directs his band from the piano. The band presents a unique style, novelties, sweet and swing music, and symphonic dance numbers. His arrangements have been heaid over NBC, the Columbia Broadcasting System and such nearby stations as WGN, Chicago. The band has just finished a five weeks’ engagement at the Colony Club, Chicago. Cisne featiu-es Gene Robinson as chief eptertainer on the vocals. Other interesting features include Lew Williams on the drums, a specialist in modern dance rhythms, and Dick Petty on the bass to help provide a strong rhythm section.
Key Collection Will Continue Until Thursday
In every building on the campus and in all fraternity and sorority houses, quart size pasteboard cans, 100 in number, made their appearance Wednesday. They are to serve as containeis foi keys in the scrap key collection in which the University is paiticipating. Everyone, including faculty, students and employees, is urged to join the cam-
paign.
On the campus, the salvage campaign has been in charge of Henry B. Abbett for the last 15 months. He is also heading the latest drive to obtain old keys to put m the scrap collection. 80% Nickel Silver Abbett pointed out, in a letter which went to each department on the campus yesterday, that old keys contain almost 80 per cent nickel silver, which is one of the metals for which there is a severe shortage. All keys are to be deposited not later than Thursday in the Key Kan that is most convenient to you. Search drawers, boxes, cubby-holes and even your key ring to get the old keys and turn them in. Aiibett’s letter asks for “Keys, flat, tumblei, latch keys of every desciiption which contain this precious, ciitical material.” The Student War Council, it was announced by Chairman Ralph Deuster, is coopeiating in this drive. He urged all students to dig in and bring out old keys for this present salvage campaign.
Morris McCarty . . . superintendent of the Lafayette schools, is a candidate for the presidency of the Indiana State Teachers’ Association, which will hold its annual convention in Indianapolis October 22 and 23. McCarty is vice-president of the organization this year.
Tickets
More tickets for the Northwestern game are being rushed to the Pieldliousc ticket office Irom Evanston where they will be on sale the first thing this morning. They will be sold for $2.75 and >\ill entitle the holders to scats in the Boilermaker cheering section at Dyche stadium. Over fifteen hundred tickets had been
sold by last night.
' ' * > ~ Wesley Foundation To Hold Party Wesley Foundation is holding a “Truth or Consequences” party this evening at 8. Everyone who is interested is invited to come and par-
ticipate in the games.
The social will be held in the Great Hall of the new Foundation Building. Refreshments will he served at 10 followed by a song fes-
tival.
lie Red Cross Unit To Collect Blood For Armed Services Today, Tomorrow
Foundation To Hold .Skating Party Rogei Williams Foundation will hold a rolloi skating paity tomorlow evening at Maple Point. Those wishing to attend will gather at the West Lafayette Baptist Church
at 7:30.
Before going out to the party, the finals in the (able tennis tournament will be played off. Helen Schnyder is chairman of the party.
By Margaret Baynes Red Cross officials have asked for 2,000,000 pints of blood. Probably there are many people in the country who would give their blood to help our armed forces, but strangely enough, only those who live in certain areas are allowed to help. In the entile country, there are only eighteen laboratories in which blood can be processed into plasm, and when the blood is taken from donors, it must be processed the same day. Therefore, people who live ^v^thin a ninety miie area of one of the laboratories and those who travel to the labs are the ones who must necessarily give the blood. 200 Pints Offered Today and tomorrow, J30 townspeople and 70 University students will each give one ^ pint of their
blood, which will be taken to the Eli Lilly and Company, Indianapolis, one of the approved laboratories. The mobile unit of the Red Cross from Indianapolis will bring one doctor, six registei'ed uui'ses, one technician, and four motor corps assistants to cany on the work from noon to 5 p. m. on both days. Ten People Per Hour Taking blood from ten people every half hour will give the maximum of 100 pmts a day and 200 pints for ^both days, which will be shipped immediately in special i>efiigerators and dry ice to the tab-oi-atoi’y. Members of the local Red Cross will be on hand to assist in every way possible.I s» ■*
Page 2
I
Coed Feature Page
r
Friday, October 9, 1942
Purdue Exponent
Offices' Ediforiil and Business, Purdue Memoriai Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
rdilor in Chief News Editor Mann^in;? Editor Spor s Editor Busincp9 Mnnajrer Coed Editor
John F Amos Don T Brophr John H Armftrong Robert L. Hadley Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Edilcnal Staff D W Ochciltree A P Hunter W E Rafert n r B it7 W G Hoskins R W Boswinkle K Roquemore S ^Volf Siorts Staff D E Brewer J S Dawson D Shryer C S ^ ar i‘5 Coed Staff Sally Beall Charlotte Hass Jean Lauer Elaine Ahren
Business Staff
C ed Dnsincss Manager Julia Martin t s ng 'Vianagers J M fight D L Johnson J Petty Circulation Manager G H Klouman A counts ^ anager Tiena Torrenga Junior (oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
The Purdue Independent
I n Chief llanacing Editor Bjsinc‘5s Manager Coed Editor Ad\crtising Manager Accounts Manager Circulation Manager
Dave Barta
Ed Humphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler
Scott Brown George Paine
Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue Nijrlit rditor Beall Sports Editor Hass Daj Editor Ahrens Issue Editor Rljtss Coed Pasre lean Lauer Reporters Hudson Boj nes Gregory Donham Iron Yargar I nch Cd or Port-r Ford Wilbur Mann Spandet Parsons Holland Sanders Howes
Eijtpre 1 as second class matter at the post office in Lafay et 1-1 i ^na under the act of Congress of March 3 1879 an 1 t 1 special rate of postage provided for in section IICT act of October 3 191" authormed January 20 1922 PI d on Tuesday Thursday Friday and Sunday mornings d n th \en Delivered locally by carrier for $175 for a r t r 1 S3 00 for two semesters by mail for $2 00 for a on t 1 tr S3 60 for two semesters ur n r seme ter mailed subscription $1 60 R presci ed for national advertising by National Advertis np SerMce Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Ma hson Ave New York N Y
Just One More Week
foi the coeds of the University to prove the patiiotism they speak of so loudly and so often At the “Will to Win” convocation Tillie Cl oil, AWS president, affirmed the eagerness of the coeds to prove that this is a womans w ai as w ell as a man’s What have you dore to back up this statement‘s Tht" oppo unity for all coeds to participate in Re s woi k has been offered by the Lata et^p Red Cross, through the Student Liimn 1 iom 4 to 6 yesterday afternoon and the Thuisday before, about eight girls rest Glided to the callout held in the Red Cross dugout in the sub-basement of the Union Can it be that the work of rolling surgical diessmgs is too hard for our girls “S No ^ h h IS haid is to make the effort of setting a^ide two hours each week to take part in thi® V oik 1 hat’s all it takes, just two hours every Thuisday afternoon, yet only eight of our coeds aie willing to part with this much time to \%oik for the defense of the nation Think back to what you did yesterday from 4 to 6 Jlcipy of you were joeing in the Sweet Shop, Cl pel haps playing bridge Wouldn’t your axtcinoon have been a great deal more profitable f you had set aside this time to do your pait in the great work being done by our Red Cioss It IS oul Red Cross the organization that belongs to every woman and girl in the United States, and it is the duty of every coed to do what she can to share in its responsibility Next Thursday afternoon at 4 the Union will ‘•ponsor the final callout for Red Cross wGik If the attendance is as deplorable as ]' h ^ lieen the past two times, the project w 1 J oandoned and the coeds of this Unip’suy will have branded themselves as unV mg, or just too lazy, to help in the work ot naiional defense Theie must be at least 30 girls present in 01 del to get enough bandages turned out to make the afternoon’s work worthwhile The voik should not be monotonous, since there aic tour 01 five different kinds of surgical die ^ings and a different kind will be made each week 1 hose of you who like to knit can check OUL kiitting and work on it in any spare hjuib Credit will be given for all work done and the Red Cross veil may be worn after 26 hf Ills of work, and the pin after 50 hours Next Sunday’s Chicago Herald-American is gioiitjing our University as the war school of the midwest Coed war work is an important pait of the University’s war time progicm, and Red Cross work should head the It s up to you. If you want to prove the coed s worth in ^ur wartime University, do joui iiart by responding to the callout for K( d Cioss workers next Thursday —m j 1
SsJwioL SihipstA.
L*
Capt. C. M. Draper
itpoittd foi duty thib week at the post engi liLUb ofhtc at Foit Mdbon, Calif He giaduated fiom the Uiiivti yty in 1921 and hab bince been city engi iptei of Lafayette until 1934 and then acting in the wmc capacity for West Lafayette fi<^m 1937 until
the picbcnt
Into The CLOSET
By June Hardy
University Calendar
Friday, October 9
Revengeful Coeds Lay Plans To Even Score With Eds
L. Thompson
41 J ab completed two courseb, one in the cadet sf I cl ui the othci in the Officer b Candidate School at th( Oidriancc Replacement Training Center, Abei d (11 Pioviiig Gjound Maiyland He trained in the
\4) Id of ammunition
Don’t say ya ain’t been warned . Ye old fashion column this 6ne day leap yar is devoted pui ely and simply to he men fashions Spent weaiy hours tiapping unsuspecting males in then lairs and pinning down a lecoid of their “little things” for tonight’s brawl Found most of the guys teeming with modesty and beside themselves with excitement trying to decide whether their pinks oi green would appeal most to their dates Just remembered . any resemblances to what the fraternity men are actually wearing, living or dead, IS purely coincidental Bounced into the SAE house to find leedle Andre Vandenbroeck fluttering over his simply devine new hat. Continental style, plans to do his hair in the middle, and possibly will go without shoes (still wet from a dunking in the river) His shut will be a stunning pajama top—orange and puiple when clean —and a Petei Pan collar with Irish lace will top the outfit Oh yes, ear muffs for him little pink eais, and an expanso belt for him little fat middle Looking too-tooish in his fifth grade brother’s zoot suit Will be Sigma Chi Ray Nihan He proficizes a cold night, so he’ll casually sling a coonskin coat over his shoulders and take a black bear rug for his toes Being the lUtest from Sacks, he’ll go on roller skates Noticed Pi Kappa Phi Bob Honer lummaging thiough his closets foi some old rag foi the evening He finally found last season’s filthy coids—delicate rotten egg yellow—that has the latest U S N label on his left hip, over this he’ll model a peek a-boo blouse with a heavy lumbei man’s shirt open down the front Thinks a fieshman’s pot hat will complete the evening’s ensemble Little Pete Aspinwall, pride and joy of the D U’s, will look only too vivacious in his victory «tyle burlap suit Tucked in his britches will be a snowy white pearl buttoned shirt Tie pin, a wish bone, dog size watch chain Can’t decide about whether to or not to wear shoes The Theta Chi house was all adither With fashion minded males, Ted Shead knows he’ll weai a vest Shoes And he’s contemplating combing his haii Jack Utley will be swishing about in his petunia pink coat and green polka dot striped blue tie On his upsweep hair style will be a stove pipe topper, will accompany his stuff cuff with a drag leg Sam Phillips of Delta Chi is planning to boirow Gregory’s shut to wear with his teensy-weensy pm stupe blackout blue suit Fellow brother Carl Westm IS initiating shoes, Haivard specials, and powdei blue stockings Also his British lounge model flannel suit complete with moth balls Long hair and a key chain long enough to pump the lope with will make him the talk of the evening Gliding forth m his turtle neck sweater ivill be fresh and refreshed Dicky Dilts, SAE, drop seat red flannels will highlight his outfit with long Nylons and rosette posted garters just a smidgion above his knee' Says he might wash his feet 'Here I go lunnmg out of space again when there’s lots to leveal about R Muri ill’s soup stained ties and G Overman’s toeless socks And then D U s Jim Stallings will be the last minute with his slide lules dangling fiom both pockets (Can’t forget Dick Clear water, SAE, who’s upping forth in a coiset by Spen cer, featheis by Dache and a tin helmet Sigma Chi’s Stan Craig will bat about in his chicky yellow bunny scuffles And the Betas’ All agreeing on winged collars for the night'
8 00 AM Extension Woikeis Conference W Faculty Lge , Union 7 30 P M Play shop—Seamen Off , Navy Sch Eliza Fowlei Hall 8 30 P M Gold Diggers Dance N & S Balli'ooms, Union
Saturday, October 10 7 00 PM POMM Rough Initiation Armoiy 8 30 P M P I A Ward Party E Faculty Lge , Union 8 30 P M Mixci N & S Ballrooms, "Union
(jJeddin/q. /BsUa.
By Margaret Baynes
If tonight you ask a University coed where she is going and she says, “I’m going after my male,” don’t be misled, for that IS exactly what is in store for the eds They’re going to be miss-led to the annual AWS-sponsored Gold Digger’s Ball. To be specific, the University Gold Diggers ^re on the loose, so if you were tramped and stamped upon in the mad race to get the most popular and —— sought after male, don t be consideiably Dainty head
alarmed
down consideiably Dainty
Maybe you, too, have wreathes to prick the manly biow been a sweet, shyly blushing will also be the lage, while, we
Hotkey piactites aie being held ev^ry Monday, Wednesday, and Fiiday afteinoons at 4 All coeds in teiested aie uiged to come to the practices so that they may have the lequiied six practices befoie entei ing the class tournaments Instiuc tion will be given to coeds who have had no picvious training in the spoit —WAA— An officials’ coutse will be given in hockey along witli the piattice peiiods Prospecti^ve officials will be given the oppoilunity to officiate at the practice games and will be given a wiitten exam Octobei 13 to be followed by a piactical exam on October 20 WAA officials’ lating will be given to coeds who pass the tests —WAA— Coeds who want to see “how the soldieis do it” will have a chance to shouldei a gun next Monday when nfleiy begins Membeisofco ops, lesidence halls soiorities and organized house clubs will be as signed evenipgs to shoot Piactices will be held in the Women’s Gym every Monday Tuesday, Wednesday and Thuisday nights fiom 6 30 to 8 30 Coeds will shoot 15 shots fiom a 22 rifle each practice peiiod Six practices aie lequued foi entiance in the intramural tournament which will begin in a few weeks —WAA— Mixed lecieation foi all Univci sity eds and coeds will be held again tonight fiom 7 to 10 in the Women’s Gym Badminton, ping pong shuf fleboaid volley ball swimming and social dancing will be offeied —WAA— Semi finals and finals in the soft ball tournament will be played next Tuesday and Thuisday Two leagues composed of six teams each com peted m the contest Winners in the first league which included Alpha Chi Omega Alpha Xi Delta, Cht
jane Adams Theta, was mamed to Second Lt Hirsch Gordon, U S Aimy in the Tiinity Methodist Chuich, Sep tembei 19 Both were West Lafayette itsidents They aie now living in Buihngton, Veimont
Rut-h Holden Pi Phi, will many Danny Comingore, fornici Univeisity stu dent and membei of Theta Xi, this afternoon at 3 30 m the University chuich Both aie lesidents of West Lafayette
Mary Jane Dayton former Univeisity student and membei of Kappa Alpha Theta, will many Ensign David Dittmei, ’42, tomoliow afternoon in Noi wood, Ohio Dittmei is a membei of Delta Tau Delta
Omega, Delta Gamma Kappa Alpha Theta and Pi Beta Phi were the Alpha Xi’s and the Chi O’s Waids 2 and 3 tied foi the honois m the second league made up of foui teams fiom the Residence Halls and the two Waid teams One team from each league will compete m the semi finals Winners in the finals will be awarded the WAA Intra muial Cup
halfback trapped up a tree surrounded by ardent and pleading females Maybe you weie the aident female Ticket Is Not All If sq, you have parted company with $110 for the pnee of a ticket, but oh, sister, that isn’t all Males aie hefty Anything hefty likes to eat Eating costs money Your date took you to an expensive joint last week as a gentle icminder that he expects to be fed aftei the Ball That all adds up to plenty but don’t let it discouiage you because we happen to know a little place whcic you can get popcorn at five cents a bag (Send stamped self addressed envelopes m caie of this office) In case youi male gets the bright idea of keeping you waiting foi hours you know what you can do in the future Although join tcndei blossom may endow you with his pip'' matches cigarettes hat tic coat hail tonic toothbiush comb brush and othei necessities to cany all you have to do is comb the dime stoies beforehand foi all the haid waie needed to make a lovely cor sage that ougftt to ivoight him
are told, skunk cabbage not only looks lovely but also smells di-
vinely
To the Dance Then conies the problem of getting the date, his corsage, necessities and you to the dance We’ve heaid girls, dcspeiato for transportation talk of saddling that big dog (a fiiend, when he asked him, blushed and said the dog’s name was “Darnit”) but wc fiown on the idea because of the poor dog (We’ie speaking of “Dai nit”, not youi date) We hope, however that a girl of the Univeisity won't let a little thing like a lubber shortage hindei hei, but^ will walk, push, diag pull 01 early the male beauti ful to the ballioom in fine style With all the beauty contests go ing on we can t let the most beautiful man on the campus go unno ticed so you will have an oppoitunity to cast votes foi the “most eh gible diaftee’
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Book Store
Well heie’s youi lOving lepoiter back with the saddest news of the season Freshman Donna Gough has decided to desert seveial dozen University eds to settle on one man She’s saying “I do ’ to the man from home Tough luck, fellows
Those Kappa Sigs really go all out on things Gordy Hoffman lost his heart and his badge to Pat Nunnelly of the South Hall cuties Guess what those fellows leally needed was some new inspiration
SEEN AROUND AND WE DO MEAN AROUND— A T O Bob “Legs” Livinghouse campaigning for the title of the most beautiful man on the campus Those sexy shorts should leally cinch things
THINGS WE’D LIKE TO SEE MORE OF Blondes People buying wai stamps Moie Alpha Chi Rho, Kappa Delta Rho, and Phi Kappa pins out on the campus Brunettes No yellow slips next week Freshman Joan Donnelly not out with somebody’s pm man Red heads Less wolfing by the expeit Lambda Chi Jim Claffey Moie guys and gals at Gold Diggers Women
THE mu tk fMiMiiin PtttmfMtwbit
LUMA
TODAY AND TOMORROW
'Oiarence L Miilforil’s TilllillTQN
WILLIAM POYD k
SECOND HIT
The only correct way to break in b pipe IS to smoke it Linkman’s mechanical smoking machine P>i%SmaJM4 every DR GRABOW with fine tobacco
TOMORROW ONE DAY ONLY-
■ON OUR STAGE IN PERSON
■REAKINGilN
The Wolf If he paiks his little flivvei Down beside the moonlit iivei And you feel him all aquivei. Baby, he’s a wolf
If he says you’ie goigeous lookin’ And youi dark eyes set him cookin’ But youi eyes aren't where he’s lookin’ Baby, he’s a wolf
If by chance when you aie kissing You can feel his heait a missing And you talk but ho won’t listen. Baby, he’s a wolf
If his aims aie stiong as sinews And he stirs the gypsy in you And you want him close agin you, Baby, you’ie the wolf ’Nuff said
IT AT FIRST YOU DON’T SUCCEED Joe boy Dick Hoff has been trying to meet Theta Joan Menefce for the last umpteen weeks, but all to no avail In fact he’s fallen out oi his chan ip the Sweet Shop twice, while casting an admiring optic, and still no luck Keep ’em falling, Joan
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Tickets on Sale 10:30 P M.
d the ^reat ...^^merlcan JSt
or
The thrilling rise and tender romance of the man whom cheering millions loved . but only one woman really understood!
ADMISSION ON THIS
PICTURE
Nights and Sunday
50c
Week Day Matinees
40c
Children
15c
Plus Tax
TODAY - SATURDAY The Great McGinty — plus — Phantom Killer
CAREFUL, SOFT SHOULDERS'
— PLUS — 4 —BIG ACTS —4 FITZ AND CARROLL —THE DANCE SALESMAN JANICE JARRETT —ACROBATIC DANCER RAY CONLIN—THE ACME OF SUB-VOCAL COMEDY TERRY AND MOORE — COMMEDIAN DELUXE
BARGAIN MATINEE
ALL SEATS 11 30 to 1 30
33^
ALL SEATS 1 30 to 5 00
40^
^ 5 00 P M
to CLOSING
Balcony
40c Tax Inc
Main Floor
50c Tax Inc
Children (all day) 17c Tax Inc
STAGE SHOWS AT 1.15 - 3:27 - 5:39 7:51 - 10:00
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
PURDUE - NORTHWESTERN SCORES WILL BE ANNOUNCED BY QUARTERS
1 ft
f i
i 1 I 'I
mmmft i
^oy, October 9, 1942
‘flbift ’
Boilermaker Sports
Page 3^
AOR's Beat Phi Delts Qports Communique^ Coeds Watch
tb Win Softball Trophy
By Bob Hadley
s
Star Back
< By Carolyn Wilbur Russ Hardin’s unique calisthenic windup and pitching sphjled victory for the AGR’s after a hard-fought softball clash last night with the determined Phi Delts. This game completed the little World Series decisively for the AGR’s jiist as the Cardinals walked oif with the National World
Series.
The final score was 3 to 0 in favor of the Ags with Hardin allowing the' Phi Delts only
three hits. Ed Ehlers, Phi Delt hurler, also showed a good performance on the mound by giv-
ing up three hits.
First run of the game was p scared the last half of the first when Howard Diesslin, AGR right fielder, ktiocked a two baser, sending home Jitn Shoemaker, who was on first by
a walk.
‘‘Rocky” Clodfelter, Ag hero of the-second inning, made a beautiful one-hand stab at Dreyer’s screaminjf drive out into left field. Phi Delts expert fielding in the third brought about three consecutive olits for the Ags, thus retiring the sides. Russ Hardin had his wind knocked out in the fourth as he collided with the runner from the plate, fielding a fly on the first base line. The Ags scored the remaining two runs their last time at bat when Ted Blank knocked a hard-hit, two baser with the bases loaded. Three consecutive throw'-outs by the AGR’s in the first half of the fifth, ended th^ ^Pal game of the fraternities’ clasife, making them winners of the „ ^ . soft^filPaward which consists of a hc^ise trophy and keys fiom mem- ^ " — bejis of the team. Otto Graham, sophomore tripleAGR players were Duffy, Haidin, threat sensation of last year, is
MJles, Blank, Shoemaker, Clodfeltef,‘lilangus. White, Butz and Dies-
slfei. Phi Delt lineup consisted of a hard runner, he is also an excel-
Hmp, jEhlers, Kennedy, Dreyer, Peltos^lo, Hinsch, Kieffer, Link, Coon
Uiid,‘;Roberts.
Bussing was the umpue.
Pyoutookthetroubletounscramblethis ad—tbenyousbouldmakesureyour
nextshirtisanArrow. DEWENTER'S
416
MAIN
Go Bowling TONIGHT
Exercise, Sport, Fun, Recreation— this is bowling! Come down anytime to the PURDUE UNION BOWLING ALLEYS for several lines.
JhL fijU/lduSL TyUmifdaL lAniofL \ The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Editor’s Note: Renewing a practice of other years, the column is written today by Eddie Salkowe, sports editor of the Daily Northwestern. His column replaces the one that would have been written by last night’s sports editress, Charlotte Hass. i
Northwestern’s only veteran in the backfield this season. Besides being
By Eddie Salkowe / Daily Northwestern Sports Bditor ^ i , Not since 1939 has Northwestern been called upon to face Purdue in football. That was the year we were supposed to clean up the league without taking a deep breath. At least that’s what the experts said before the season started. ' Anyway, we didn’t clean up the league, nor did we clean up the BoileV makers. It was generally conceded that Northwestern outplayed Purdue three years ago, but the final score makes no concession to statistics— Purdue won on a last quarter field goal—three to nothing. This year we didn’t have fhe buildup we had in ’39. Wp do have a, good team, though, and a better one' than we had then. Th^s ^ prima donna outfit. Each back does his part, Otto Graham as a triple-threat, Ed “Buckets” Hirsch as a fine plugging fullback who got off a 40-yard touchdown run against the Iowa Seahawks, Don Buff mire and Dud Kean, as right half and quarter,, resjpectiy^,ly, grew up together in Grand Rapids, Minn., and are playing great ball for NU. As resezves, Waldoz-f has a big soph from South Bend,oNick Vodick, who replaces Buffmh-e at right, a husky colored boy. Chuck Warpen, to help out Kean, Joe Scriba, another soph, for Graham, and Bill Deoduic or Casey Piefer at full. Hiisch, Graham and Kean, however,, played approximately 57 minutes each against Texas. M , ILine Coach Burt Ingwersen has worked up another tough lin^,, composed of four seniors and three juniors. The ends, Bpb Motl and Bud Hasse, were all over the field, spilling Texas’ speqdy for losses, catching passes and knocking down interference. They’,pei both two inches over six feet and are tough boys. , j Tackles are Warren Karlstad and Ray Vincent, two 220-pounders. At guard we have Capt. Nick Burke, the moiale-builder and jokei during practice, but an expert guard during a game; and rugged Alex Kapter, a 200-pound junior. Center was supoOsed to be a terrific prpblem^,, but so far this season blonde, smiling Hal Hudson has done a vei,y competent job of line-backing and has been accurate on his passes, Waldorf warned the team about Purdue yesterday. “Don’t let that Vandy score fool you, boys. Purdue is always capable of winning, especially against us.” And the coach is right. Even up in the 25 game series, with 12 victories and one tie, Northwestern feels she is in a position to take the lead and also start her Big Ten season with a victory. I have a hunch that Purdue/will play inspired ball Saturday. But I also have a hunch that Northwestern is going to be expecting good play by the Boilermakers and that we will win by something like 20 to 7.
lent passer, as shown by his last year’s record, when he completed 36 passes out of 75 attempts to lead his team in pass completions.
IM Schedules The following Cary Hall Touchball games will be played Friday evening, October 9, at 4 00 1 Caiy Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 0. Umpue, Bussing 2 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hail 7 Umpire, Shook. The following Fraternity Touchball practice games will be played Friday evening, October 9, at 4 15 * 3 Pi Kappa Phi vs Tau Kappa Epsilon Umpire, Mussciman 4 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Umpire, Marozick 6 Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Pi Umpire, Emerson 6 Sigma Chi vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Umpire, Rodgers. 7 Sigma Nu vs Delta Chi Umpire, Hawkins. The following Ward Touchball practice games will be played Friday cvxsning, Oct 9, at 4 16 8 Chauncey vs Waid 24 Umpire, Her-
man
9 Ward 9 vs Bivouac Umpire, Ceascr 10 Owen vs Circle Pints. Umpire, S Kudasics 11 Ward 6 vs Roachdalc Umpire, Foss. 12 Marwood vs Westminister Umpue, J Rudasics Dover vs International Umpire, C
U
Wildcat Grid Stars Rely On Superstitions Members of Northwestern University’s football team deny 'thdt they are superstitious, bUt a number of them admit that they do a few things to bring good luck. Poi instance, Capt. Nick Buike wears the same clothes every Friday night before a game. Hal Colberg, veteian end, wears white shoes until the end of the season, and Frank Genovese, sophomore guard, weais a high school ring on the belt of his uniform. Henry Cleveland, sophomore centei, caiiies an 1832 penny, Lauiie Adelman, sophomoie fullback, considers it bad luck to wear football socks, and Bob Carlson, veteran tackle, never shaves for two days before a game.
Interfraternity Touchball Game
By Peg Wendell
Since the Interfraternity touchball season has just opened, we coeds dropped by yesterday to see the goin’s on. At first, about all we saw was a field full of shapely masculine legs and shoulders as the Delta Tau Deltas and Beta Theta Pis battled for gridiron glory. The game opened with a “bang” (we guess, but we arrived a bit late and missed that). Anyway we were in time for any excitement since the score stood, at the end of the first
quarter, 0-0.
Only Nine Per Team The second period was well under way when we noticed that there were only nine men per team. We suppose that it’s customary but then again it may have been arranged so that the boys would have some sideline support. We caught on though; by the end of the half we knew that it was about like football —at least some football. The score
was still 0-0.
The “touchy” part came with the third quarter when the boys disagreed whether touch meant to knock the follow down or merely to tap him and hope the referee was looking. A decision was never quite reached. The quarter ended and the score was still 0-0. Beta’s Aerial Tendencies Despite the Beta’s aerial tendencies, the Delts held ’um down to the last and neither team had scored when the game was over. We were about to leave when we learned that it wasn’t a good interfratemal policy for rivals to he equal so they pushed the rules around a bit and started over. We understood that each team was to have alternate downs apiece for four downs, but that wasn’t what happened. After a couple of passes and a neat 100 yard dash down the field, the Delts found themselves with a touchdown. The Beta boys came back to earth and wondered what had happened to their “practice” game. Meanwhile we were confused, but we’ll venture a guess that the score was 6-0 in favor of the Delta Tau Deltas.
Cross Country Meet Of injured Player
HAmmCHIlF T£ST PROVES VITAL ZONE
m MATTER HOW OFTiH YOU SMOKE iT
The Riveter Cross Country squad will be out after its eighth straight victory when it lines up for the start against Indiana tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. on the Boilermaker course. There will be a varsity race followed by a freshman meet. Starting for the Boilermaker varsity will be Darrell Roach, Edward Seward, Kenneth Lynch, James Ashwell, Fred Kinder, Wilbur Harrer, and Charles Duesler. This meet was to have been a twin-brother battle between Darrell and Dorrell Roach, of Indianapolis. Dorrell Roach won his freshman numerals at lU last season, while Darrell Roach won his numerals here. However, Dorrell joined the navy last August and upon his withdrawal he told Coach Billy Hayes he would be back after the war to finish his academic and running careers.
PARK "The Old BUS!
Lynn Waldorf Holds Bag Of Wildcat Pigskin Stars
By Ruth Ford
Coach Dynn Waldorf and his cronies are preparing Dyche Stadium for a little celebration tomorrow afternoon in Evanston. They hope it will be a little celebration similar to the 3-0 surprise they handed to the Longhorns from Texas—the brave^ Steers having just chalked up a grand slam of 104 points I against two rivals, the Corpus _ ... . Christ! Naval Cadets and KanFullback sas state. Northwestern’s 3-0 victory, a res,ult of Alan Pick’s 22-yard field goal with four minutes to go in the ball game, roused 43,000 fans to their feet, and pointed out to midwest dopesters that the Wildcats could hqld even the most potential scoring squad in the Southwest. Otto Graham, junior left halfback who scored three first downs in his first collegiate game, against Kansas State, sparked the Wildcat attack against Texas with a series of dashing drives off tackle and around end. Playing 58 minutes against the Longhorns he gained 68 yards in 20 attempts, also tossing several Wildcat passes. Graham, expected to be the main troublemaker in the Boilermaker defense tomorrow, also scored against
the Iowa Cadets Sept.‘26. Hirsch Is Valuable Junior, Too
Following Graham in brute offensive abilities is another junior, in the fullback slot this time, Eddy Hirsch. Hirsch, member of the Purple’s manpower board, has been a hard hittei, seeing plenty of action this season as well as last year. Hiisch, however, cost the Wildcats valuable yardage with a fumble against the Steers last week end. Coach Waldorf has plenty more backfield potentialities besides Graham and Hirsch. Nick Vodick, sophomore right halfback, added plenty of deception to the Northwestern attack last Saturday and is also attributed with a flashy debut in the first game of the year. Dud Kean, quaiterback, and Don Buff mire, light half, two former high school teammates, complete the powerful backfield the Wildcats are supposed-
ly sporting this year. Switched Backfield
Not only did Northwesteni see these powerhouses in auction, but also saw the coach of the Purple Cats substitute a complete backfield during the Texas encounter. Bill Deoduic. who started at quarter this season, the same position which he played last year, filled in for Hirsch from the fullback slot. Lynne McNutt, soph quarter,) subbed for Kean, Joe Scriba, 160-lb. slippery back, batted for Graham for a good two minutes, and Vodick was sent
in at right half.
Indiana Opposes Cornhusker Foes Chicago, 111., Oct. 8—Coach Bo McMillin practiced this afternoon at Soldiers’ Field on the way to Lincoln, Nebraska, where they will meet the Cornhuskers from Nebiaska University. Last year the Hoosieis defeated the Nebraska eleven 13 to 12 at Bloomington. Whether Indiana will be handicapped greatly by the injuries to key performers in the Ohio State game has not been determined today, although it appears that both left tackle Bob Zimhy and ends Pete Pihos and Ted Hasapes, the Greek wingman, may see only limited ac-
tion.
Ed “Buckets” Hirsch, 190 pound junior, who hails from WiHiamsville, N. Y., is the number one fullback on the Wildcat squad. Although but a third-stringer last year, this hard hitting line plunger proved himself to be one of the best ball carriers on the team by gaining 235 yards in 49 trips for a 4.7 aver-
age.
West Side Will Sell Tickets For Benefit
This evening at 7:30, as the West
Lafayette and Monticello high school football team.s meet at the West Lafayette football field, tickets for the newly inaugurated “Bill Leslie” reserved seat section will go
on sale at any pi ice over $1 00. Yesteiday at a West Side Dad’s
Club meeting, it was decided that a special section would be set aside at all of the “Red Devils’ ” home games in honor of Bill Leslie, a sophomore football and basketball player who was injured during a
pigskin contest last season. Bill leceived an injuiy in his foot,
and has spent many months in a hospital tiying to heal the sore. Recently he went to Mayo’s in Minnesota, to receive specialized treatment to prevent him fiom permanently being crippled. It was repoited by T. R. Johnston, publicity agent foi the University, that the money given by spectatois who bought leserved seat tickets at these games will be handed to Bill’s paients to help pay for the hospitalization at Mayo’s where it is feared that Bill will have to spend many
moie months.
Bill IS the nephew of the late Honoiable H. G. Leslie, governoi of Indiana, and a ’05 graduate of the
Univeisity.
ADVERTISE! For those lost articles!
Be an iip-lo-tlate joe and take your dale in a YELLOW CAB Make it a smooth ride for a smooth date.
Bh
YELLOW CAB 2$ dCouJi. SshoiesL BLACK CABS DIAL 1 For All Occasions 5023 or 3071
ONLY— 2c per word for one or two insertions (minimum 25c) Ic per word for additional insertions (minimum 15c) in the fiwtduuL ^xponsunL‘J&fftfe-<K4-A'V^''.’"«'' 's.‘.;'<'-'j ■. '■' -. •' ” ".'\; , •. - f' '»fe>5 ■ . ■ v, '^ ',. Vf;, , -i^ 'S " ■■..:(■*: ' ' ■ ' ii' ■ ' ■ • i ■■' 'i''. '' ' 'ii-' ■ V ■- ",■■■'^- . ^-.i' : f ■ , Purdue Exponent „ Fdd«h October 9, mz .
JV''
with Judy McCullough
At
Ward D Of PIA To Hold Parly Tomorrow Night
~ Ward B of the PIA will hold a
party tomorrow evening from 8:30 to 11:30 in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union. Cai’d games, radio dancing, and other games will be included in the entertainment. Boundaries of Ward 4 are South
f. _ , , . . Street on the north and Grant ChTiBloplier Columbus (with all apologies to that kid) was a of AgHculture. Morning sessions will be in two groups, one street on the west, the river on the at making discoveries! If Queen Isabella could have Seen for thOse interested in agriculture and one for thos,e asso- east and the city limits » o Tfc. .111,1 Gnilfli All PTA mniYiftPrs
ciated with the home econom-
ics group?
Annual Agriculture Extension Conference, which has beep held in the Union this week, will close this noon with a luncheon followed by a message from H. J. Reed, dean of the School
Newman Club: The monthly meeting and Pistol Team Tryouts:?The |pl'^wing_8tubreakfast will be Sunday, Octdftfcr 11, "after dents are rejilested to repoll to tH? Ar^o^y the 9:30‘Matt ift St. Mary’s Gym,: All Oath- At * r. to. Monday, Wob^^ 12^ to « olie students ate invited. MenibSishlps will £pt the ,^pistol team,:_ E. X ^ f}‘ bo sold at the 6ntrnnce to the sehodl. noget, K. U.U4(JmondSon, It. 0. Fox, C. . —GOODMAN Her-shey, J. C., Hill, K. B. Kinsey, A. K. , ^ Marshall, h. F. Murray, R. Lutheran Students: M&t at^ the home of Ru^vling,’ |l. L. llohatts,; ™115vn- ‘ Rev. StoHdorf at 2:30 p. m. Stinday,'‘Gdto- B. T.'’Slnget. , ' —BKOWWher 11, fOi'a hike to Potter’s Hollow; i *k .-WALLACE Newman Cldb: Membership salcstoen ri;p port to Room 305 of the Union Building POMM: Bough initiation Saturday, Cfeto- Wednesday, October 14, at 5 p. m. her 10, at 7 p. m. in the Armory. pai-ed to turn in tickets and money. Intncr , • —JACKSON come or call mo at 2418; - —CLARK
Field Hockeys Offieials Gpurse: First meeting will be on. 'Puesday; qotobpl' 18, in room 204 of the Women’s Gjim. Wri.tton tests will be given Thursday, October _ 10,
Anyone interested please
ibe bounties we’ve discovered in the shops this week she’d have icorufnliy said — “Get hep, Chris —I’m going to take to
scouting the shops myself.”
Dr. Miller Explains X-ray Principle, Uses
rmst THING QUEEN ISSIE ...
(and 3'OU, too) would fall for is the very attractive, a. A^hAP AAf^dfmn hut practical display of all woorsweaters and ker- r\l A\^iY\C iYlGGliny
chiefs featured at Loeb'S first floor sweater shop. . +i,„ Sweater styles include the conventional and beloved ^
campus
Yestei'day’s program was highlighted with a speech by M. C. Wilson of the U. S. Department of Agriculture. He emphasized agriculture’s importance in wartime economy and par-
on the
south. All PIA members in this vicinity are invited to come and
bring a guest. '
Notices
English and Speech Conditional Exams; Examinations for the removal-of-conditions in English and Speech will be given on
long-sleeved slipovers and cardigans priced at .|2.98, of ASME and other engineer- ticularly the extension agent’s job s«t„r,ay afteruoon.,October,lo, from i
Alpha Phi Omega: All actives intending to go on the hike, Saturday, Octbbbr lO, must contact Weaver (phone 5418.) by Thursday. ' —BENDER Triton: There Will be an open meetjrtg and swim Tuesday, October 13. All girls interested in swimming arc invited to attendjj —BROWNE POMM Actives and Pledges :"*^Sign list on Advanced Military Bulletin Board by Saturday, October 10, if you nre going to the banquet. ~^DOUP Playshop Ushers an^ Ticket Takers: There will be a short rteeting Monday, Oct. 12, at 4 p. m. in Fowicr Hall. Pfease be there if you plan to usher or take tickets
for ^‘Cuckoos on the Hearth”.
;■ —0BLONG ■
Exponent: There Will be'a meeting,oif the Town, etc*, beat. I^iday afternoon at'4:j5 in the Exponent office. Pei? Porter^ Jack
Classifiedi
as well as a variety of Uovellyshort-Heeved slipovers " Tuesday evening, Dr. of informing rural people of their at $1.39 and cardigans at $L50. Lucious colors too ! anrsoL S ' Wool head scarves designed in solid eOlors, bold workings of the X-iay and some of stressed the importance of
plilife or bright floral patterns are priced from‘79 cerits to $2.25. ' ® luany us
One particularly clever model is the fringed pic-a-patch triangle. , , - ■ stated that X-ray waves were simi- borhood leader system. Much infor-
getting information to rural people
In beginning his lecture Miller through the newly organized neigh-
A BETTER-THAN-COLUMBUS’ DISCOVERY in Southioorth’s center window display—a host of Ups and suggestions for overseas gifts to meii in the (jdtvice! The suggestions are numerous, so take yptir pick; stationary, games, fitted toilet kits, picture frames (to be fitted), regulatipn ties, money h^lfs, poker chips, playing cards, all smoking articles and handkereliiefs. What is more SouthwoTth’s have a special service which includes gift wfapping aUd wrapping for mailing to cover government rCgulafions^all fblr fifty cents. Or for the same price you can purchase a kit fhr service meU’s packages which includes such essentials as wrapping papee, seals Tibbons, and card—then have the fun of wrapping the packages your-
selfV , .
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS NEVER BROUGHT BACK ... jewels like those we found at Loddes for the service men’s ChriMmas gifts. And, hy the way. Uncle Sam says overseas Yuletide gifts must be mailed by the end of this month, so better Mart thinking about those overseas friends andf datives of yours. If he’s a bit lax with the correspondence, a Parker or Schaffer pen and pencil set might encourage him a bit—at arty rate, it’s hound to be well received. Other popular gems include identification bracelets, watch-bands, billfolds and cigarette lighters and cases. UNCLE SAM’S LADS THEMSELVES .... with the aid of one of the popular current magazines have compiled the following list of gift suggestions, and GeisZer’s have made aii ^sffort to supply these articles. The seiwice men say, send us practical gifts such as warm rolies and slippers, sleeves sweaters, mufflers, regulation socks, cotton underwear, waterproof money belts, fitted toilet kits, and leather wallats with insignia. , . . And we say, shop at Geislets to fulfill such a request.
to
in Room 201, University Hall. Removal-of-conditiofi cards, obtainable.^ at the English Office, should be properly filled out and the .$2.00 fee paid prior to the examination.
---CREEK
Enlisted Reserve Corps: All male students are ^reminded that enlistments in the ERC must be completed by Dec. 31 or the end of the freshman year, whichever date is later. Applicants should apply now in room B-4 of the Armory in order that enlistments may be completed before the close, of the year. —GRAHAM
, , , 1 • J. History, Gov, ana Econ. Removal: lowed up by personal interviews in Examinations for the removal of conditions
and incompletes in Hist., Econ., and Gov. will be held on Sat., Oct. 10, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the recitation building. Appli-
cation must be made in advance.
—ESTEY
MT 5: The following students are requested to report to Sgt, Dillman in the supply room to bo measured for Advance Course
Money to lokrt on diatrtftnds, v^atchcs.^^ti*^ luggage, typewriters^ Albert’s Iioan Officer
407 Corumbla.
TsiiewriierB^Adtiing Machinesi All makes
HI tiie AJLpvAivni uinvc. x:cK iKiLtri. mouu gold, tetitedi repaired, and purchasc^ MiiAeAbbett, Becky Caylor, Ellis Murjahy, Mdnon ograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 6d6 MkIA»
DoRhara, J,une McGill, :phyBs Petry ^cl Ed
Horndday be thede. ,; ' —BOSWINKLE ——— ,
■Will pay cash for' any. bid or jie* uded bicycles. Kiger Shell Service, Northwestern
RogOr Williams Poilrtdalioh : Skatirtg party at Maple Point Ririk Saturday, OctobOr 10. Meet at the Church, corner of Columbia and Chauncey'Sts. at 8:16 p. m. Adniission 25 cents. Everyone welcontie. Come and bring your friends. —ULREY
Wc are badly in need of boys wi^out one o’clocks to wait banquets at Union Building. If interested leave names in Union Cafe*
tcria Office.
lar to light and electromagnetic mation is given to agricultural diswaves in many respects; but the tricts by radios and news bulletins, wave length is much shorter and so but these contacts should be fol-
has great penetrating power.
Simple Process order to get a good response. With a good X-ray outfit all the Wilson explained the organiza-
operator has to do is put the mate- tion of the fieighborhod leader sysrial to be tested in the beam and tern ,wbich is said to reach (along either make an exposure on film or with the regular extension services)
read the results from a shadow- 6,500,000 farm families or an esti- uniforms at the earliest possible time: J. graph. The results are obvious; dif- mated 30,000,000 people. He con- n,'c“an®H.°G.*^de'*Bruyn,%.^‘p^'<Hunt,’m! ferent amounts of absorption are eluded that wartime messages of g; a Fetoe?
due to the different thicknesses of importance to rural families can be Reckman. material or the different materials carried swiftly through the use of thepiselves. the various means that the Exten-
The medical profession used the service is now using. X-ray long before any other profes- Role In War Effort
sion mainly because the human Wilson stressed the'agricultural body,; being made up of light , tis- extension worker’s and the home
gold wateb. Reward,
Call
POMM Actiyip sand PlediAcsJ Get yty’Hr tickets for the initiation banquet to be. Tuesday, October IS, at 6' p. m. frotVi jackson, Hunt, Dodda, Larson, Wilson or Boup by Saturday noon, Oetdber 10, ':' t-DOUJ?. Applied Mechanics Makevinps: Ah 'exan:iinatioh for the removal ; of conditions in A.M. 21 and 22 will be given ih rooni. 107 of Heavilon Hall on Saturday, GctobieF 17, from 1 to 4 p. ,m. See the undersigned at once. • • i- —SANDERS Cosmopolitan Club; There will be a picnic at Murdock Park on Saturday. Oct. 10. We wilt leave East entrance 6f Unioh nt
2:30 p. m, -There will; be a small charge Mam Office m Union Building or 410 Maple
for refreshments. -^FANIGA^A; street. Reward.
Lost—Vest and
Phone 4330.
Rooms for two boys. Single beds, block from Union. Phone 46892.
Wanted—Girl to share apartment, after 5 evenings. Telephone 83823. Wanted—Students interested in earnifi’i?
room and board. Call 73334 Ask for house
manager.
LOat—Liig^fagc tan Wardrobe auitcase in Union Buildinj^. Finder please return to
—BROWN
Army Air Corps Applicants: All students who have applied for meteorology training with the Army Air Corps and have not yet been enliiited or who desire to apply, contact Capt. Graham in the Armory. Enlistments for Meteorology Training close on Thursday, October 15. —GRAHAM
sues, is very penetrable. Later when the high voltage made possible waves with greater power, other industries took up the ray to examine such things as castings and welds flaws. Now the fruit growers on the west coast are X-raying all their
outgoing fruit.
In research, X-ray is now coming into its own and all over the world
Personnel Notes Ticket Holders
Companies to visit campus:’ T^
Rev6re Copper & Brass, Rome, I 0 Gcf MlXCf COflipS Nfsw York October 10. Something unique has been planVickers Incorporated, Detroit, week’s regular SaturMlchigan October 12 and 13. Intel- night mixer. The tickets for ested in ME, AE. ^ dance will be purchased in theMonsanto Chemical Company, St. manner, but each ticket will Louis, Missouri October 15. Can- j^g stamped when it is handed in,
didates for PhD in Organic ^nd
demonstration agent’s role in keeping rura’l communities working efficiently for the all-out war effort. Placement Notes
For Women
.Yale University, School of Nursing, New Haven, Connecticut, which admits only women who have ob-
is giving science, the medical pro- tained baccalaureate degrees, is acfession, industry and many other celerating its program. A training fields new ways to serve the, public, course is bein^ planned for next
spring, to begirt possibly in March or April, and applications are being received now. At the end of 28months’ training, the student will receive her Master of Nursing de-
gree.
Anyone interested should consult the Placement Service for 'Women in the Executive Building for further details.
Kappa PsI: There will be a meetine: on Tuesday, October 13, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. Formal pledging will be Wednesday,. October 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 263 of the Union. —MERRICK.
Gold Peppers: Meeting Tuesday,- Odtober 13, at 4 :30 p. m. in the AWS office. All be there.' —^IMONSAH Students: Everyone is invited to the fun session at the new Wesley Foundation Friday, October 9, at 8 p. m. ■ . ' ■ ' —AVERY Silver Mask: Meeting on Tuesday, October 13, at 7 :30 p. mr in room 302 of the Union. Be there. —KAUFMAN Wesley Foundation: Truth and Consequences party Friday at 8 p. m. in the new building. Bring friends for fun and refreshments. —BADGES
Lost—Brown wallet. If found please call 35201. Reward.
Lost—K. and E, Slide Rule bearing name ■Glen Stockmoicr, Phone 3063. Reward.
« DOES YOUR PEN leak? Experf Repair Service SOUTHWOkTH'S ^
Physical Chemistry. Sign in Personnel Office by October 14. Perfect Circle Company, Hagerstown, Indiana—October 16. Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, D. C.—October 16 and 17. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physi-
cists.
Curtiss-Wright Corporation, Pas-
saic, New Jersey^—October 19, 20 •
and 21.
Tennessee Valley Authority, Wil- view blanks for every mechanical son Dam, Alabama—October 20 and and electrical engineer, whether 21. Interested in chemists or chemi- they plan to enter the armed servcal engineers. ices or not. They will hold these U. S. Civil Service Commission, forms permanently so that the recWashington, D. C.—October 29. In- ord will be on file in case men wish
will receive comps'(which will be good for any Saturday night mixer. The tickets will go on sale at the regular price of $1.10. The dance will be held in the North Ballroom with Maury Mahn’s orchestra furnishing the music from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. The backdrop will be a new permanent one to be used whenever Maury Mahn and his orchestra play. It is of patriotic red, white and blue
cambi’ic.
Faculty And Employees Fingerprinfed By FBI Already more than seven hundred
University faculty members and employees havje been photographed and fingerprinted, it was annourtced by R. W. Levering, who is in charge of the FBI fingerprinting project here. The woi’k is continuing as fast
as time and equipment permit. All officers and employees of Cary
Halls, the Union, physical plant, University airport, and a number of faculty members are included in the list. Members of the chemistry and physics departments wild be
photographed next. .
Chi Omega
. . . social sorority, announces the initiation of the following: Margaret Meltzer, Shelbyvillc; - Phyllis Mann, Baltimore, Md.; Juan Shclbourn, Indianapolis; Betty Jean Swanson, Crawfordsville; 'Virginia Rrtche, Lakewood, Ohio; Honore Mary von Harz, Crystal Lake, 111.;
Copies of the fingerprints are filed and Mrs. W. S. Gillam, Lafayette,
with the FBI and with the Indiana State Police as part of the protection program covering all institutions of higher learning conducting naval or military training- pro-
grams.
terested in engineers. National Radiator Company, Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Interested in Ch.E„ Met. E., M.E., P.S.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 10.
to apply after the war. Please come to the Personnel Office by noon, Wednesday, October 14, for your application.
Lut-heran Studenfs Plan Picnic For Sunday Hiking through Potter’s Hollow will be one of the activities of the Lutheran Student Association’s picnic Sunday afternoon. Hamburgers will be fried at a campfire. Everyone planning to attend should meet at the Reverend Stolldorf’s home at 626 North Street at 2:30 p. m. Vesper services will be held after the picnic. Lutheran students and their friends are urged to come.
R. B. Stewart
... University contvollor, will speak tdithe Indianapolis Real Estate Board Oct. 15 on “The Contributions of the Colleges to the War.” Stewart is-just back from a nationwide tour in which he inspected the contracual rellitions and instructional work being done for the Navy by educational institutions. His trip was made at the request of naval
authorities. ■
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
■ To Mechanical and Electrical Engiii^ring Seniors: General Electric Company will be interested in inter-
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK — DENTISTS — 400*404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main Sts. ' Lafayette
WHITE SOLED TENNIS SriOES $1.25 For Grade School * High School - College The last you can buy H. G. “Deac” REISNER bookstore — ESTABLISHED 1908 — Student IBooks and Supplies I'flONK 2976 82.5 .STATE ST,
Helena rubinstein > BASIC BEAUTY AIDS give you complexion loveliness dety in —day out!
PASTEURIZED FACE CREAM—Its rich texture softens, soothes, cleanses, lubricates. From 1.00 TOWN AND COUNTRY MAKE-UP FILM—Insures a lovely lasting make-up. From 1.00
FLATTERING FACI POWDERS — Especially blended for dry or oily skins. From 1.00 LIPSTICKS in glorious colors, velvety texture. From 1.00
"7^
aye Qmjasl
ONE SEMESTER
TWO SEMESTERS
MAILED AIVYWHERE
$1.75
$3.00
$3.50
iii • i ‘ Vi
Fur the latest in Campus, City, and World Mews
READ
THE EXPDIEMT
Your Eamlms PapL-r PhuuK 4U0S
»)
Y I