»' ' ♦
Cord Parade Begins Tomorrow Afternoon At 1:15
Coaches List
Established 1889
X/ttxmeM m Sock Osaka
Initial Lineups
Volume 54, No. 14
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, June 5, 1942
Glee Club Spends Hectic Week In New York
Reporter Tells Inside
Story Of Victory Trip
Cisne To Play For Cary Club
Fraternity Officers
> By Bill Fawcett New York has been visited and conquered by a Glee Club from the “banks of the Wabash.” This is the concensus of' opinion among the 45 men making the trip to New York under the direction of Albert P. Stewart and accompanied by Eth B. Baugh, alumni secretary, to compete in the Fred Waring National Glee Club Contest, in which the Glee Club won the runner-up position to the winning Rochester club. . Although the singing Boilermakers were declared a close runner-up instead of winner, nevertheless, in the words of Prof. Frank Hockema, “they
Dance Tonight
Meet Here Today
25 Sailors I o Aft'end Wifh Dates From WRH
greatly enhanced the reputation of the University.” The Glee Club was judged as “the best disciplined, best di-
the best
l^ected, possessing
soloists,” best dressed, most united, and most spunky of the eight
participating clubs.
Amid a well-wishing send-oif the Club left Lafayette in two private Pullmans Thursday the 28th on the Big Four and caught the Southwestern Limited in Indianapolis. At Cleveland the Riveters overtook the University of Oklahoma Club. , In New York massed clubs took,.
D. P. Eggenberger Will Interview Radio Applicants
Dick Cisne and his orchestra will provide the music for the Cary Club informal “joe” dance to be held tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 in the north ballroom of the Union. Cisne is well known on the campus and has played here for several dances during the year. George Emerson, social manager of the halls, has arranged dates
Over 75 fraternity officers from colleges and universities throughout the middle-west will gather on the campus today for the third annual three day Fraternity Officers’ Training School to be held in Cary Hall. Registration will be held from 8:30 to 9:30 a.m. in the East Lounge of the Halls. Fraternity problems in the present emergency will be the main topic of discussion at the school, which is sponsored by the University with the cooperation of the Inter-Fraternity Presidents’ Council. The school
Selection Of Aids To Start Tonight
D. P. Eggenberger, I of the sixth district Civil Service office, Cincinnati, 0., will interview men and women for civilian positions as
‘ , ..... xi. TT ..''-'lunior engineering aids in radio a subway tram to the City Hall . xv, tt o o- i x j . T-i rr T j- j With the U. S. Signal Corps today
where Mayor F. H. La Guardia and
the president of USO spoke to the crowd assembled and the Glee Club gave a spirited rendition of “Hail,
Purdue.”
Disappointed In Carnegie Hall Accustomed to singing in the University Music Hall, the Glee
and tomorrow and all day Sunday in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops and in room 305 at the Union
building from 7 to 9 p. m. Persons selected for these jobs
will be trained at the University for duty in laboratories in the Signal Corps, for work of a professional
Glub found Carimgie Hall a bit dis sub-professional grade in the
appointing at their rehearsal r riday afternoon. The clubs were all guests at the 7 p. m. broadcast of the Waring progiam and the stage
show following.
is designed to aid fraternity officers in solving their common problems and will include training periods for the fraternity presidents, treasurers, stewards, and rush captains. E. L. Butz Directs School Dr. E. L. Butz of the farm management department will be the director of this year’s school. Off campus speakers appearing on the program include Dean Donald M. DuShane of Lawrence College; Lt. Stewart S. Howe of the United States Naval Reserve and president (See FRATERNITY SCHOOL, p. 4)
Playshopio Present Summer Production
June 30, July 1
Dates Rearranged For July 3 Vacation
By Dale Butz Senior Day festivities will open tomorrow afternoon with the senior parade which starts in front of University Hall on the oval at 1:15 p.m. The Student Senate will organize the parade and.all seniors are urged to don their bright new cor^ and assemble at the appointed place with plenty of gusto and a will to win in the ball game with the faculty which will follow the parade. Graduating Sophomores Will March The parade will be organized in several distinct sections in addition to the grouping by schools. First will come the Seniors; these will be followed by the University Juniors and the graduating Sophomores will bring up the rear. This classification is designed to hieet the reclassification of students which took place during last semester. i An invitation has been extended to the sailors from Cary Hall to attend the Senior Day game. It has also been announced that any senior making derrogatory comments about the ability of players on the field will be subject to immediate draft, will be placed in the lineup and expected to show a decided improvement over his predecessor. All seniors are urged to use their ingenuity in constructing and carrying placards and posters that will be suitable for the occasion and will ruin the morale of the faculty. Other placards will be made by the Union. The parade will move down the street past the Chemistry annex and on out to the baseball field. Already several of the schools have signified their intention of having 100% attendance knd the competition promises to be very keen. Hadley, Mackey Head Teams Captain Bob Hadley of the Senior team and “Red” Mackey, coach of the faculty have announced the following starting lineups for the game which will start at approximately 2 p.m.
Senior Baseball
Meet in uniform on thfe varsity baseball diamond Saturday afternoon for final practice and formulation of strategy. HADLEY
Dick Cisne
Saturday was largely a rehearsal
inspection of materials and equipment at the plants of manufactur-
ers and for other duties.
They will be paid at the rate of $1,440 during their training period. Class work will start At the Uni-
dav. At 7:30 Dartmouth, Elmhurst, x- • t i x uay. xiL 1 .o , , , versity sometime in July as part of
Oklahoma, and Washington and
Lee gave their concerts in Carnegie Hall. The other four clubs attended Olsen and Johnson’s “Sons O’ Pun,” a sequel to “Hellzapoppin’.” Since Olsen is from Peru, Indiana, the University was given quite a build-
the defense training program, authorized by the U. S. office of, edu-
cation.
Requirements Needed
Applicants must be high school graduates, at least 17 years of age, and must meet one of the following
up from impiomptu ciacks fiom j-equirements: one year of engineerthe stage, one o w ic was ma e college; part time or night
after a young engaged couple from (See GLEE CLUB, page 4)
Brazilian Educator, Writer, Will Visit Campus On July 18
Dr. Hernane Tavares de Sa, distinguished Brazilian educator and
school engineeiing courses equivalent to one year of day courses; one year of engineering experience; completion of a defense training course in radio; or completion of six high school units in chemistry, physics, mathematics or drafting, or six units total in any combina-
tion of these courses.
Men students in training at the Univeersity in this course may live at Cary Halls for a monthly rental
from WRH for a group of 25 sailors, selected by the commander of the naval contingent now stationed in Cary Hall west. Backdrop for the dance will feature an ed, coed and sailor standing by a record player in a scene which might depict typical sweetshop surroundings. A reception for the faculty will be held at 10 p. m. in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. The reception will be informal and all faculty members are invited to attend. The dance will not be a stag dance as was previously stated and admission will be free to Caiy Club members or people hplding bids.
Peruvian Educational
Missionaries Inspect Technical Schools
Cancellations
journalist, will visit the Univeisity of ^50, including 20 meals. EggenJuly 18, 19 and 20, it was ,an- berger would like to have 100 applipounced yesterday by F. C. Hock- cations fiom Lafayette and surema, assistant to the president. He rounding territory from persons inwill make the stop here while on a terested in radio work with the Sigtour to a number of Ajnerican edu- nal Corps. rational institutions for the pur- Other Civil Seiwice positions poses of lecturing about Brazil and open at this time include typists other southern hemisphere nations ^^d stenogiapheis for Washington, and gathering material for a book o, c., and skilled workers includon North America to be wiitten in Jng; architects, engineers, draftsPortuguesfe for his countrymen. men, machinists, and pipefitters. Dr. Sa, recoghized as a close stu- for the Panama Canal Zone,
dent of international affairs, is a
Regular contributor to leading Bra- ri f| AllanrI zilian papers and is the author of JISH rl6l11D6rS AllBIKI
the book, “Dear Neighbor, Here is
Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should do so before 4 p. ni., Tuesday, June 16. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school as well as by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s office. ■—Goldsmith
Three educational missionaries from Peru, South America, were on campus last Wednesday to study the program of research and engineering instruction that is carried on here. The three men. Dr. Enrique Laroza, President of the Peru National Institute of Technology; Dr. Wilfredo Pflucker, head of the housing department of Peru; and Dr. Manuel Llosa, deputy for Peruvian mining centers are visiting the leading engineering schools throughout the country with the idea of patterning their own technical education progi’am after the system in use here. The visitors, accompanied by Robert J. Reinarts of E. H. Sargent and Co. who came from Chicago with them; Dean A. A. Potter; Assistant Dean W. A. Knapp; Purchasing Agent H. B. Abbett; Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the President;'and the heads of the engineering schools, spent the day inspecting the class rooms, laboratories and teaching schedules of the University.
June 30 and July 1 are the new dates for Playshop’s summer production of “Jim Dandy.” The performances had to be set up due to the extra holiday that the Executive Board declared for July 3. The admission will be fifty cents, but those who will graduate in December will be allowed a reduction if they purchase the special senior coupon books. These books offer three major productions for 99c. The season books may be purchased at the Fowler Hall office or from any Playshop member. Designs For Set Completed The stage manager, Betty Gray, has completed the design| for the set of “Jim Dandy.” The backdrop will be made of curtains, rather than a painted scene. A large oldfashioned sofa will be in the center of the stage. To the right of it will be the library checkout counter, since the scene takes place in the fiction room of the San Francisco library. On the counter will be a cash register, to ring up the sums from over-due books. On the opposite side of the stage is a reading table and piano. The leading character of this two act comedy by William Saroyan will be played by Prof. P. E. Lull. The supporting cast includes Paul Gore, Art Barab, Larry Myers, Betty Jane Mowry, Richard Kohls, Jeanne Nigg, Edward Clark, Jack Schaupp and Vernon Rising.
SENIORS POSITION FACULTY Irwin ss G. F. Roedel Pastrick 2b W. A. Bodd^ Warren ; cf.... M. Taulte Bennett lb W. S. Fleteittey®r Fraser If J .H. 1^1^ Olson rf K. I. Fawcett Barta sf Lt. Browfi Lodge 3b H. G. DeKay Schalliol c “Mike” Arbuckje Stiggleman p ^ F. C. Hoekema (See SENIOR DAY Page 4)
All-American Beauty Will Bring
Orchestra To Campus Friday
Freshmen Women Elect Murphy To AWS Board
Polly Murphy, freshman in the School of Science, was elected freshman representative on the AWS executive board, and Dorothy Yates, freshman in the School of Home Economics, was appointed a member of the judicial board at a mass meeting of all freshman girls held yesterday. '
By Walt Rafert A different note will be added to the appearance of “name bands” at campus dances next Friday night when the PIA presents Ada Leonard, acclaimed the All-American Girl, and her all-girl orchestra. Although Miss Leonard’s title has no official source, she has consistently displayed the measurements, viewpoints, and opinions that have made of her a composite picture of the average American girl throughout her career as an entertainer. Background for the title was the band leader’s home in Oklahoma where her parents developed her tastes for sports, books, and her musical talents. Her father came from the same English town where George Washington’s ancestors were born, while her motheer’s side of the family held the natural American characteristics of the Sioux Indians. Quite An Athlete Miss Leonard’s favorite sports, football, baseball, tennis, golf, swimming, and bowling—of which she enjoys those calling for active (See ADA LEONARD Page 4)
ASME Magazine Reports On Tests Conducted Here
Amnesia Victim
Salem Ag Students
Earl Succumbs To University Life
End Vhit Today
Drazil.” This book on his native 4-H Meeting At DePauw
land is now widely used in this country, and the book he proposes to write on this nation will be widely, distributed in South America.
Represents Two Schools
He is on a traveling fellowship
By Jack Thompson
A. F. Ainsworth, W. R. Amick, S. L. McReynolds, J. C. Ralston, Damon Catron, May Masten, Edna Troth, and Miss Winckleblack of the University staff attended the
given by Westminster College of 4-H Junior Leaders’ Training conFulton, Mo., to enable him to study ference on the DePauw campus at American educational institutions Greencastle Monday through
and methods. Dr. Sa is professor Thursday.
of educational biology on the fac- The expenses of the selected ulty of philosophy of the University junior leaders were paid b|y Inof Sao Paulo and is officially repre- diana’s Kiwanis Clubs, which also
his
senting two institutions native land on the tour.
Arrangements have been made by Prof. Hockema for the noted South American to speak to a convocation the night of July 18, to
arranged for conference.
the facilities of the
Wayne Musser
... graduate assistant in the Uni-
address the residents of Cary Halls versity Personnel Service during the on Sunday, July 19, and to speak to past year, has received his Master’s the agricultural staff at its monthly degree and has taken a position in luncheon meeting on the 20th. De- the Personnel Section of the Naval tails of his visit to the University Ordnance Laboratory, Washington,
will be completed in a few days. D, C.
As an example of what this University is liable to do to its students if they take the words of the various instructors too seriously, look at poor Earl Walter Lewis. ^ Eail went to our school, and he took some kind of engineering. After he left the University he wound up working for a government project in Clinton. Education Gets Him The effects of this school lingered with Earl and eventually got him. One afternoon a little more than a week ago Earl decided to go to Chicago. On the train, the wheels clicking and clacking and the choochoo chooing disturbed Earl. He went to the diner to got an ice cream cone. And that was the last action he could recall. Eail cracked! Life, the University, the wheels on the train, the war, and everything were just too much for him. I^e was stricken with amnesia. Picks Wild Flowers Next Earl, the lucky lad, got away from it all for a while. He became just a happy amnesia victim wandering aimlessly about the countryside, knowing nothing about the horrors of his past life—if his past life was horrible in any way—skipping through the fields and picking pretty wild-flowers. That was Earl’s life un-
til a week ago last Saturday evening when he jaywalked in Valparaiso and was picked up by the local constabulary. «. Valparaiso’s sleuths quizzed Earl for sometime but could not learn his identity. They even subjected him to the third degree.' Poor Earl, however, could tell nothing of himself because, as you know, he had amnesia. The pride of Valpo finally gave up in despair and jugged Earl so that they could woi-k on the case without losing track of him. Earl’s Name Discovered Super-detective work on the part of two great officers of the law. Sheriff Frank Johnson and Chief of Police Charles H. Gilliland, led to the conclusion that Earl’s name was Earl. So, they took him to see his poor old mother. When Earl saw her, tears of recognition flowed from his eyes and a happy reunion ensued and Eail was once more cast into the world he once knew and the policemen went back to their euchre game and the univeise continued its endless rotary motion and everything went on as before. If anyone finds between $35 and $50, a brief case and a gold watch, they belong to Earl. Maybe the cops have his possessions; but if they do, they will surely return them; for the veracity of the law is not to be doubted.
Thirty vocational agriculture students from the high school at Salem, Ind., are visiting the University campus yesterday afternoon and today in charge of W. C. Branaman, agriculture'-graduate of the University. Every year for the past 10 years Mr. Branaman has brought his vocational classes to visit the campus. As a result of these trips many students have enrolled in the University from the Salem high school. G. M. Frier of the University is in charge of the group.
ChrisHan Foundation Will Hold Party At 8
Results of a study conducted the University on the corrosive efjfeet of high temperature steam on unstressed steel specimens and various alloys are discussed in detail in a 16-page report which was pqh;: lished in the May issue of thi “Transactions of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers." The study, which was conducted under the direction of Prof. H. I*. Solberg, head of the School of Blechanical Engineering; Dr. G. A. Hawkins, associate professor of mechanical engineering, and Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of engineering, was started to investigate the qualities of various steels available for high temperature service. This research was brought about by the fact that steam temperatures in the modem central stations are approaching^ those used for commercial prodttiition of hydrogen by reaction between steam and iron. Temperature Influence Tested Apparatus was built and techniques developed for measuring tjbS amount of corrosion on unstressed specimens due to the temperatnr^A up to approximately 14J)0 degreea Fahrenheit and to varying pressures. Data is presented in this research showing the effect of various types of surface finish and methods of removing scale. Data is also gititB on the corrosion of cast steels eg)i^ some special alloys. Through th{ft research it was found that the Resistance of alloy steels to hightemperature steam is greatly influenced by the amount of chromium present.
Christian Foundation will sponsor a “Honeymoon Party,” this evening at 8 in the basement of the Christian Church at 329 North Sixth St. A mock wedding will take place and refreshments will be served. Sport clothes will be the fashion, and the admission charge is 10 cents.
Helen Hazelton
. . . head of the women’s pbys|cf«d education department, left yeatl^ day for Greencastle where sheiiF# be in charge of the program osf third in a series of six regiosAl meetings being held in the state the Physical Fitness Division Indiana State Defense Gouneil.
ii
MIKIbl -
s«. i Exponent Editorial Piige Friday, June S, 1942\
Vxmmn^ OKicieii Editorial and Business,
Purdue MemStial Union, Phone 4005
Spoti^, Fieldhouee, Phone 2792
iditorief‘ t*khnit After 10 p. Mi, 5)77 ' ’..v*- M _ i—iM—S3— >: , ,»' ■;
Editor-in-Chief John P. AtsoS News Editor < •• Don T. Brophy Maiiogina Editor John H. Arnistrong Sports Editor:..: ...Robert I,. Hadley Bnslntns Manager , William 0. Wllayd
CircnlatioK Manager Coed fidifor
i Ken K. fiJimSt Alice Chataeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staffs R. W. Boswinhle. U. E. Butz W. G. Hosklni, j A. P.^ Hanter, D. W. Ochiltree. W. E. Eafert. Sports Staff: D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, E. C. Karpick. Coed Staff: Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer. Business Staff Cotd Business Manager; Julia Martin. Advertising Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Circulfttidici MfirificeT.: G. ^ Klouih&n. Acconnte Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed. Managers: Ellen Clark, ^ane Kolai.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Hoskins Sports Editor: Dawson Day Editor: Beall issue Editor: Altherr Reporters: Miller, Dixon, Murphy, Vegh. Shipnoski, Sutton. Entered as second class matter at the post office. In I-afoy-^ ette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3. 1879, an:' at . .tbs special rate of postage provided for ip section 1103 act of October 3. ISl 7, authorized January 20, 1922. Published on Wednesday, Friday and Sunday mornings during the sum*, mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall anc winter sejnesters.. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.26 for shmmer semester; mailed subscriptions ,$1.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Hadisdn Ave., New York, N. Y.
J^ps And Nazis Aren’t Whipped Do you recall the lesson of the race between the rabbit and the tortoise? A lot of Americans could well use that lesson today in regard to the dawn-seeing wave of optimism which they are helping to sweep over the country. Listening and reading reports from prominent newspapermen and officials these days, one gathers that Germany is crumpling fast, that Japs are running like the hose they used to send over here. And the Armistice? Just a matter of a few weeks of cleaiiirig up. it’s pretty easy and quite nice to visualize America’s great industries pouring out guns, tanks, planes, and ships in such a never-end-. in^ stream that they completely overswarm 86,000,000 Nazis and 100,000,000 Japs. But there’s many an axis ship ’twixt an assembly line and a Russian trip. ' And just because Doolittle and Company did a bang-up job of bomb-blasting Tokyo, and American Navy and Army aerial units wiped out a goodly portion of the Nippoile'se invasion ai’mada in the Coral Sea, we shouldhT figure that everything has been won except the peace. It’s a dangerous attitude to be adopting in such dangerous times. Americans have been lulled to sleep by soothsayers enough for this. generation. President Roosevelt had the proper attitude in mind in his Friday press conference when he wafted that the nation is faced with a long war and declared that the public has no reason to be either over-optimistic or over-pes-simistic, ' Naturally, there’s indication that the tide is turning for the United Nations, We have no doubt about who’s going to lick the pants olf who. But there’ll be time enough to procrastinate about who’s winning the war-rafter it’s over. Right now, let’s dig in, take the bad news along with the good, and even if victory seems a little slow in developing—let’s be sure it gets here. That tortoise didn’t take time out for a short beer in the middle of the race to figure out how much ground he had covered. And he’s the slowpoke who plodded across the finish line in No. 1 position. —THE DAILY TEXAN
Our MAN Ondc
Friday has just received an urgent request—that all fraternity pins be melted down and sent to the Office of Production Management to help construct ar-maments—^what do you think, fellows? ' Ssh The KDE’.s don’t agree with this system. Prexy Bob 'Weslow has had his pin over the heart of Verna June Nicol for many moons now, and he’s liken it
lots. Ssh
Honest, we still have some faithful coeds on/campus. Dotty Dittman (DG) is sporting her pin with great enthusiasm. They are seen in the best places —also the darkest.
.Ssh
Friday almost stumbled over this interesting tid-bit, “Are you kiddin’?’’ he mumbled. It's straight stuff that Exponent employee Jane Keim has become an ardent baseball fan. Lots of Indiana athletes here to make the ganie moie exciting.
Ssh
Here’.s a $C4 question! Why doesn’t Bob Swi.sher make Pi Beta Phi’s Adele Cole an ATO sweetheart again? Let’s refer it to “information please." It would he simpler,
,Ssh
, We joined the Navy and what did we see—The Pi f*his! When the Commander has to call the Pi Phi
Merry-40-MW
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Applications Deluge ^AAC Officials; Japanese Sword Causes Quezon-Sayre t^ispute WASHINGTON, June 4. — Thousands of determined women, eager to don the WAAC uniform, are driving WAAC officials wacky. The campaign for etilistihents in the Women’s Arniy Auxiliary Corps has' succeeded too well, ]\^ajor Oveta Culp Hobby and her chief lieutenants, Mrs. Arthur Woods and Mrs. Genevieve Forbes Herrick, have a bear by the tail and they know it. . Sad truth is that there cannot possibly be more than BOO WAAC officer-candidates taken in now. No "auxiliaries,’’ that iS; non-'officer WAAC’s, can be recruited until the officers have been trained, possibly around September 16. The greatest number of WAAC’s that can be taken in this year is estimated at 26,000, and all of these will be subjected to'a minimum of four weeks’ training. This'ieavCs some 276,000 disappointed would-be WAAC’s out of an estimated registration of 300,000. Toughest job of all falls upon the chief recruiting officers in the nine Army Cotqis areas. It is their job to sort out the WACC registrants and select the lucky women. Those chosen then must face a series of very stiff aptitude tests and physical examinations before they are finally inducted. • Captured Jap Sword It looks as if the sulphuric personal relations between Philippine , President Quezon and Philippine High Commissioner Francis Sayre will have to be timed down a bit for the sake of Philippine unity. Trouble between them started the day President Quezon landed in San Francisco, at which time he telephoned long distance to a former Governor General of the Philippines now in Washington. '“Governor,” said Quezon, “my sword, my sword.” “What-sword ?” was the puzzled query. “That Japanese sword the High ■ Commissioner gave to President Roosevelt. He said it was from Gen. MacArthur, but it was from me. One of our Philippine officers took it from a dead Japanese, and I sent it back to the President by Sayre.” Note—Returning to the United States some weeks ahead of Quezon, High Commissioner Sayre had presented Roosevelt with a Japanese officer’s sword. Newspaper accounts quoted Sayre as saying the sword had been sent by General MacArthur. Apparently there was a clear-cut misunderstanding. • Shaky "China Chinese leaders in Washington are not shouting it from the housetops, biit behind closed doors they are doing some tough talking to the effect that an increasing number of Chinese are getting discouraged about the war and would like to see some kind of appeasernent with Japan. Chinese leaders give this as the reason why China mus,t have airplanes^—and have them immediately. The Chinese don’t demand a lot of planes. But they do say that even a small fraction of the munitions going to Russia would work wonders in bolstering
China.
Generalissimo Cliiang Kai-shek is not weakening. But many Chinese are, especially the well-to-do class, the people who yearn for restoration of normal business, who would rather have a chance to make money and live peacefully even under the Japs than to pay the. frightful cost of continued war. Meanwhile, Japan seems determined to crush China no\v. Apparently the U. S. bombing raids on Tokyo scared the Japs sick, made them see the danger of nearby Chinese bases,, caused them to shift their strategy to cleaning up China ahead of oth^r war-
fronts.
U. S. war chiefs realize the urgency of the situation, but also face vital demands from Russia, the new 2nd Front in Europe, and MacArthur. But now it looks as if promises made to China two months ago finally will
be fulfilled. /
• Legal Tax Dodging Not all tax dodgers are those who cheat the government of revenue. On Capitol Hill there is another form of tax dodging which, while violating no law, is euchring the government out of far, more money. ' This form of tax dodging consists of congressmen playing the sordid old game of politics-as-usual with legislation vital to the nation. Early in March the Treasury submitted to the House Ways and Means committee the 1942 tax bill. Prepared after weeks of careful study, the rneasure was largely the work of Randolph Paul, the nation’s outstanding tax authority, who patriotically gave up a lucrative corporation practice, to serve his country. All tax legislation is highly controversial, but one thing can be said categorically about the Treasury bill. It was a carefully balanced program designed to distribute the burden of the proposed heavy tax increases equitably on all classes/ according to their
ability to pay.
• Secret Hatchefing For three months the 16 Democratic and 10 Republican members of the Ways and Means committee, sitting in closely guarded secrecy, have been ripping the Treasury bill to pieces,with the end still not in sight. It probably will be another month before the hatcheting finally is concluded. Meanwhile this is what these politics-as-usUal masterminds have accomplished so far— 1. Completely smashed the Treasury’s carefully balanced program of'equitable distribution of
the tax burden.
Slushed tax proposals on corporation and up-per-income brackets, while increasing the load on the lower brackets. Refused to plug up loopholes in the tax law to relieve certain wealthy elements from pay-
ing millions.
Hacked off more than $2,226,000,000 from the Treasury’s $8,800,000,000 revenue program. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
1:.,
Ifl/: iM #'.a -■
—Aa-!!
,
■ 1^11,1 II 16
to 12 Swimming Class
“Ja! .. . it says it wa8 hung by our dear Fuehrer in his early
pe/riod.”
University Calendar Friday, June 5
8:30 P.M.-
Fiaternity Officers Train ' ing School ...: -
-Cary Club j>royelty Dance Morth & South Ballrooms, 12.
Union
By Bob Freyman Imagine loafing through an entire PE 12 class without the customary calesthenics and other sweat producers. Yesy it can happen here, in fact it happened here Idst' Monday afternoon in the 3 p. m. swimming class: •
Lights Fail
Through the blessings of the powers-that-be, the electricity to
swimming pool light in the
**kieldhouse failed precisely at 3 p, m. as the PE 12 victims were straggling into the pool. Thanks to the engineers who designed the Fieldhouse, there are no windows in the pool, and it was in total diarkness. The instructor opened the door at the east end of the balcony, but eyen this furnished only a dim light to make the vague shadows of the
nude swimmers iwisible: ■
Despite the fact that it was the first day that the weather had justified swimming, the instructor ordtered everyone out of the water. That is, everyone that he could keep out of the water. Occasionally a head v^uld appear inside one of the. rubber inner/tubes floating in center of the pool as someone apparently ran out of breath before make the other side. Once one of the tubes swam across the pool all
by itself? ? ?
Blackout A Mystery
Why had the lights gone out?. One dull chap sitting on the edge of the pool suggested maybe the Chems had taken over the power plant and, as usual, had thrown the wrong switch. There was a dull thud, a splash, and a guggling sound, as the ignorant one found the Chems well represented in PE
Saturday, Jun€ 6 Fraternity Officers Training School SENIOR DAY 1:16 P.M.—Senior Parade :... Baseball Diamond 2:00 P.M.—Softball Game ...Baseball Diamond Agronomy Department Picnic ' 6:30 P.M.'—Applied Mechanics Depart-meflt-Dinner East Faculty Lounge, Union 8:30 P.M.—Cord Dance ,..North & South Ball-/ rooms, Union
One brilliant lad suggested to the person sitting next to him that it would be a good time to tell the instructor what a rat he had been, since the instructor wouldn’t know who' was calling him the. foul names. It was a good idea, but the person he was talking to was the instructor. Class Finally Dismissed After sitting for thirty minutes on the side of the pool, the instructor decided to take the roll and let would be interested in comparing the type of carvings of his generation with those of the: current generation, as well as pointing out contributions to guests and relative.s. The dull, barren “bum room” might be a good place to start such a ti'a-
dition.
the boys go because the lights probably wouldn’t come on until later.'Bo, to the satisfaction of all concerned, roll was taken and class dismissed. -Since class had been dismissed, only/ one thirig could happen, Yes, the lights came"on.' * Activities Bureau Will Hold School For Interviewers : .! ' . ' 'i* Before launching its annual freshmen interviews the Activities Bureau will hold a three session school beginning this Wednesday at 4:10 p. m. in room 366 of the Union. The school which is under the direction of Jackie Wells, junior in charge of interviewingj is for fhe purpose of instructing the- sophomore interviewers in the functions of the various activities, time required for them and all the minute details concerning activities that might interest freshmen. On June 27 these sophomores will carry on the actual interviews with the freshmen. The interviews with the freshmen are for the purpose of acquainting the new student with the functions of the various campus activities and advantages of participating in each. In this way the student may choose the activity that is most suited to his interests. The sophomores who do this interviewing \yill be considered workers of the biirdau and receive credit for the time spent. All those interested are requested to attend. Capl. E. D. Lynch . . . ME ’32, • who has been on active duty for more than a year with the U, S. Army Air Corps, has been promoted from first lieutenant to captain. He is stationed at Patterson Field, Dayton, O. MARS LAST TIMES T^DAY A Song and Joy Jamboiree 60®.
By Floyd'Bass “The ‘bum room’ in the Union is a dull, barren place,” remarked someone recently. 'I'he room that was set aside in the Union for University men has been somewhat forgotten. Ask any man on the campus when he was last in the “bum room,” and he will probably say that he hasn’t been in the “bum room” for quite Some time. He is likely to reply in terms of months or years. Really, there are very few things that are interesting and attractive in the “bum room.” At the University of Michigan, tables are provided in certain rooms of the Student Union, and cai'ving on the tops is permitted and encouraged. Initials, numerals, nicknames, hearts..and ai'rows, pictures of teacher, rhymes, ditties, sketches ^—all find their way to the tops of these tables. After a top is entirely covered with marks and engravings, it is removed, varnished, and hung on the wall. Another top is put on the table, and another generation of students indicates its presence at the university. The tops are both interesting and deco-
rative. They Cover bare, pictureless walls, and interest not only students but also alumni, friends, and relatives. To a student the carvings made by him on' any kind of wood mean more tp hi^n and attract more attention from others than- any carving made by a woodcraft expert on an expensive panel of rare wood. Perhaps the “bum room” in the Union could be pi ovided with tables for such a purpose. Certainly guests who are passing time away between appointments would find the tables interesting. Alumni, upon returning
2.
3.
4.
LUMA TODAY-SAT.. . 2 HITS
NEW MAIN
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE Feature RICHARD DIX FLORENCE RICE — in — CHEROKEE STRIP — Plus SHE'S IN THE ARMY — with — MARIE WILSON LUCILLE GLEASON
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:00 P.M.
THREE MESQUITEERS
UY WAR STAMPS AND BONDS AT THIS THEATRE
TODAY-SATURDAY
juy WAR STAUn eaJ BOWS at Ttli mATKl/
Starts SATURDAY
9»1 ^ERT VIRGINIA urn • O’BRIEN and TOMMY DORSEY AND HIS ORCHESTRAV A nAI Ak
COME ON, ;M0yiEG0ERS! BUY WAR STAMPS HERE
in white, it’s going pretty far. Oh well, what can you expect? When the pins are away, the gals will play.
Ssh
Just as a closing note Friday wants to tell you all about Prexy Floyd Neyhart of the Right Triangle clan. Not that the DC’s will be in the least afl’ected,
but Floyd hung his coveted badge on Mary Jane
liouEe and persuade the gals not to whistle at the boys Tracy. Congratulations, old man.
DANCE RECITAL Tues., June 9tli, 8:00 p.m. Public Invileii — Adm. Free SUMMER CLASSES OPEN in Ballel 'and Tap for Children SATURDAYJUNE 13 Classes Divided According to Age Phone r^’l 50 ALLIS ]\ S 6th and Feri^
A TEMPTING SUMMER DISH
A large slice of GLEASON’S delicious Home baked pie topped off with a cooling dip of ICE CREAM. Orders filled upon 2 hours notice.
Phone 6839
211 South St.mmmmiimmm^^ y -* //r.''-'^ " l^dfiiy, Jmne 5^ 19;4Z
/
Boilemtaker Spurts
, f ^ j
mitifiii0ii$imm
Wnd
t.'l 1^ Pv.’
Lambert Tops s Coaches
s
ports Communique
, • >f.“^ I) %j
By Pob Hadley
\. I
One of the hardest tasks that falls the way of an Expoheitt sports writer is tb try to write sortiethihg about Ward “Pig^’ Ldrhbert. There is no difficulty in digging up material about the’lfttle basketball mentor, but the trouble lies in trying to hnd something that has not already been written in several articlOs. He has beeh a member of the Boilermaker staff long-
er than any other coach.
The Lambert liame stands at the top of the nation’s cage coaches .His Won an^ lost record is better than that of any other coach in top notch competition. He has produced countless stars of the game. His >— -, r , teams are always dangerous in spite of lack of height, exper-
ience or What have you. Here He Is Freshmen
If we must have a reason for writing the same old thing about the fiery little coach, then the reason is to acquaint any of the handful of new freshmen who may not have heard of Piggy with the tops in the basketball coaching
profession. ,
B'asketball is not his only love in the sports dine, for there are those that contend that Piggy’s first and greatest love is the game of baseball. He is always on hand when the Boilermaker nine plays at home watching the boys going through their paces. If you watch him carefully you will notice that even at the baseball games he is “playing the game” along—with the men on
the field.
How He Got His Name It seems unnecessary to write again about the way he got his nickname. Most everyone has heard that story more than once. Just in case there is anyone new at the University that has come fnom a great distance, and theiefore has not heard the story, here it goes again. It
Boileimakei basketball coach. One of the features of the Lambert Anniversary celebration was the public tribute paid to Lambert at the
Wisconsin basketball game. At that time a grateful student
body presented the great little coach with a blanket and a watch. The blanket paid tribute to Lambert’s long and successful career as a coach, and listed the years that Lambert-coached teams have won
seems that when Ward Lambert the confeience championship.
iwas a small boy he had a stocking cap that hung down behind and earned him the nickname of “Pigtail.” At a later date this nickname was shortened to “Piggy.” That’s the story, all of it. - Last winter Ward Lambert observed his .silver anniversary as ' Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 • 119 E. State St.
Ills teams usually play what is known as fiie wagon basketball. To give credit where credit is due Lambert was one of the leading coaches in the development of this crowd pleasing style of play. The wily little mentoi can play the cat and mouse style of game if the occasion demands it. Last winter he played this style of ball against an Illinois team that had a gi eat height advantage, and came very close to upsetting the confei once champions. If you haven’t seen one of Piggy Lambert’s teams in action as yet, keep your eyes open when you do.
GANG WAY I’m heading for the CAFETERIA ^
It’s a keen place to eat and meet the crowd
FINE FOOD and GOOD SERVICE JPUL fijU/lduUL ^YyimijfdcdL lAnmn. Just take a walk through the building!
Tomorrow afternoon brings to the campus a new set of traditions, spur-of-the-moment traditions designed.to place the class ofl’42%, ’42-3, or whatever cognomen the individual may 'tvish to apply, and its feuccBssdrs on a par With those preceding classes who pursued their leisurely Way and took fin&ls. The old traditions just-eouldnlt be aefafelerated the way thermo and Bcon were. *'u/, 'm /<. > n Ohe of the nerViy installed traditions whiOh will explode following ’the cord parade to the varsity baseball field isHhe^ilhitbfi-hehttlded softball clash between the faculty staHwarts. and-thh<Senior sluggers. On the basis of the Lafayette weathtir forecast for Jiuie;^ July and August, it seems likely that the teams will'be43dddii ^omet\irig less than the usual full baseball regalian Howeiser,'should there <be any doubt about their being baseball playerbc^igns will beipdsted in conspicuous spots to relieve the minds oif skeptical ifanSi/- ■! ' . ■ The latest bulletin from the faculty danfp’firings the startling word that manager “Red” Mackey is abandoning ship, turning his duties of manager, coach and captain over to Mtel Taube. The real reason for the shift, apparently, is not that the faculty cause is considered entirely hopeless, but rather an extended trip which Mackey and Elmer Burnham plan to make visiting tlniversity alumni grodpsithroUghoute.the^East. Taube, commenting on the general outlook of the stuff mfeinbers, stated “We are relying on Frack Hobkejtta’sipowepful pitching arm to rout the seniors. He thinks his contract'onlyl«0vefs thefiSst pitch, but we aren’t going to let him off the mOund untiLevery member of the senior squad is unconscious.” The faculty teatu' is* depending oA their mighty battery, Hockema and 'ArbUckle, andiideep-pjaying' outer garden men Pawcqtt, Hilton and Taube,‘to pulLthrougfi’tO victory. I ■ 1 U- ' If I , It has been lumored in the neighborhood of the senior training table in the Sweetshop that the undei graduates are going to scorn the use of powerhouse tactics and will resort'to strategy to pull the game out of the fire, in order to show wheie the superior brainpower of the Uni-
vei’sity lies.
^ The senior battery of Stiggleman and Schalliol are expected to keep the professors’ bats well under control with air of a minimum of exertion by the airtight infield and practically none by the outfielders. * ' t 'The game is slated to go 7 innings, with frequent substitutions planned on both sides to prevent any one player’s suffering from overexertion from running around the bases. ' Field officials “Pop” Doan and “Doc” Cole are said to have been approached by interested parties on both sides with an eye to arranging the outcome of the fray beforehand. The report states that no definite decision has been reached and that bids are still being
received. ^
Regardless of the outcome, the clash will undoubtedly present more unique slants on the game than the mere fact that it is an innovation at the University. At any rate, come on out and support your team. If you don’t like the way things are going—no holds are barred. Hiss, boo, throw pop bottles or brickbats or anything else, except defense materials. Of course, such action is taken at your own iisk—both captains are announcing that those who don’t like the play will probably be drafted
right out of the nickel seats into service.
Sigma Chis, Phi Delts Win Again In l-M Softball Competition; ATOs Lose First
gation took their foui’th one yesterday from the Betas with another
4 to 1 score.
Five teams fell out of their niche in second place leaving the ATOs, Sigma Phi Epsilons, Sigma Alpha Mus, Phi Kappas and the Pi Kappa Alphas in the unstable second position. The Sig Phi Epsilon crew took an easy one from the Phi Gamma Deltas 15 to 6. The Phi Kappa Sigmas, Sigma Pis, Ph: Gamma Deltas, Kappa Sigmas, Kappa Delta Tlhos and the Theta Chis dropped from the .666 class to the .500 for the time being. The standings:
ing Will Send AllrStiti Team Against Great Lakes
i Tsi v-tt 4 J tv's?” €
Central Collegiate Meet Witt braw Top Midwestern Teams In one of the last track meets of the season, which is the Central Collegiate Conference Meet at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Saturday evening, several of the larger schools of the country will enter. Although the Riveters are not entered because of early giaduation, many other schools of the Big Ten are entered, one of which is Indiana, which Jiolds many of last year’s
records.
The Central Collegiate Conference was organized several year's ago by Marquette, Notre Dame and Michigan Sthte m order that they might have a meet where several schools could have a mass race such as the Big Ten championship meet. This year’s entries should be larger
than usual since'the National AAU J™® 5:
will be held m Omaha, Nebraska, next week and many schools will want to keep their men in condition so they* will enter them in
the meet.
Six To Defend Titles
Six athletes will defend their crowns which they won last year.
Among them are Campbell Kane of Theta Xi, Triangle Indiana who took honors in the
mile and half mile last year. Also The following Cary Hall Softball Indiana will have their defending games will be played Monday eve-
champion mile relay team entered, nmg, June 8:
e.,®- f
Blanker!f Bhijers To Aid Regujars Th Game At MonticeUOf luiie 16 Although the official baseball season was eoneluded playing of the Minnesota series two weeks ago, some 15 Hffeter diamondmen have been working out since then each Bfenday, Wednesday and Friday in preparation for the post season game with the highly-touted Great Lakes outfit in Moiiticello on the 16th of this month. Since this game is not of- , I — fieial. Coach Fehring wiB send
IM Schedules
The following practice games for Ward Softball will be played Monday evening, June 8, at 6:46:
Diamond
4 Ward 29 vs. Ward 1. 5 Ward 27 vs. Ward 2. 6 Ward 26 vs. Ward 4. 7 Ward 23 vs. Ward 6.
Ward 21 vs. Ward 22.
The following Fraternities will practice Gold and Black Friday eve-
Ray Alsbury, another boy who has run against the Boilei’makers this year and hails from Butler, will defend his crown in the broad jump. Miami University of Ohio, which turns out some gieat track teams for a small school, will have entered John Saunders, who is the
owner of the crown in 120 high Diamond
what in reality is an all-star team against the Sailors. Fehring has made arrangements with the Lafayette Red Sox to secure the services of Don Blanken and IM Ehlers for this clash. Also Don Danielsonj a member of this year’s Indiana team, will play. Danielson is taking several courses here at the University this
summer.
Same Team To Play
Dutch will have the same fellows who played in the Gopher series with the possible exception of Ernie Young. The hard hitting third baseman is working now but may
6:30 Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, get back for the game with the Mid-
Alpha Kappa Lambda, Beta Sigma dies.
Psi, Delta Upsilon, Phi Kappa Psi, Wait Smith, the most valuable Phi Kappa Sigma, Sigma Alpha player on this year’s squad and who Epsilon, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu. ^as rated to be one of the finest 7:00 Sigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma catchers in the Conference, will be Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa ^ fixture behind the plate. TOny Epsiloi^ '^eta Chi, Theta Tau, Berto will probably be stationed, at V. Myers slated for the
keystone position.
Blanken May Start On Mound Although Fehring may use Blanken on the moupd against Great Lakes, he will have both Ed Misselhorn and Paul Petrich for slab duty if the need arises. Both hurlers as
By Ad Scheid
Yesterday’s intiamui’al softball competition ended with the usual number of shake-ups in the standings. The ATOs who last week defeated the Sigma Phi Epsilon crew for a first place berth, were knocked out of the I’anks of the undefeated yesterday by the Phi Kappa aggiegation by a score of 4 to 1.
Sig Chis, Phi Delts Tied
The defeat of the ATOs leaves only two undefeated teams at the top of the standings. The Sig Chis look their fourth straight from the Delta Tau Deltas 4 to 1, to remain tied with the undefeated Phi Delts for first place. The Phi Delt aggre-
Hays Jewelry Co. 131 North Fourth St.
I Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price T
Sigma Chi Phi Delta Theta Alpha Tau Omega Sigma Phi Epsilon Sigma Alpha Mu Phi Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha
W. 4 4 3 3 3 3 3
Pet. 1.000 1.000 .750 .750 .750 .750 .750
Standings below .750 not listed.
What are you doing with YOUR LAUNDRY THIS YEAR?...
hurdles. Also present will be Harold Stickel of Pittsburgh, who won the 220-yard low hurdles last year. Jack DeField of Minnesota will defend his pole valut crown, while Jim Milne will round out the champions by entering the high jump event. Milne comes from Michigan
State.
No Riveters In Meet Originally it was thought that the Riveters might enter four men in the meet, but according to latest reports this did not materialize. Mackey, Burnham Will Address Alumni Groups Next Week Guy Mackey, Univeisity athletic director, and Elmer Buinham, head football coach, will leave heie this weekend for a series of five speaking engagements before eastern alumni groups that will extend through Sunday, June 14. The Boilermaker athletic leaders will make their first appearance before alumni in Cleveland, Ohio, on Monday, and the next day will hold a similar sesston at Pittsburgh, Pa. The remainder of the schedule calls for Mackey and Buinham to be in Buffalo, N. Y., on Thursday, in New York City on Friday, and New Haven, Conn., on Sunday. In their appearances before the alumni groups, colored movies taken during the spring football season will supplenrent the discussion of 1942 football plans.
Diamond
1 Cary Hall 2 vs. Cary Hall 6. 2 Cary Hall 3 vs. Cary Hall 7.
3 Cary Hall 4 vs. Cary Hall 5. sophomores this last season pitched some brilliant ball and took card <d The following Fraternities will the majority of the mound work fot play Softball Tuesday evening, the Riveter crew. Misselhom finJune 9: mshed the campaign with a bang
by whitewashing the Minnesota
1 Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Alpha squad 3-0 in one of the finest pitcl^-
Epsilon.
Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Theta
Tau.
Alpha Tau Omega vs. Alpha
Chi Rho.
Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta
Theta Pi.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
ing exhibitions ever turned in
Ross-Ade field.
At the present time the Great Lakes outfit is riding on the crest of a 14 game winning streak. Since the start of the season when they lost to Notre Dame, Ohio University and the Chicago National League ciub, the Middies have been nearly invin-
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Tau Epsi- cible. Since the middle of May they Ion Phi. have beaten decisively every servDelta Chi vs. Phi Kappa ice, college and professional team
Sigma. jji sight.
Phi Delta Theta vs. Pi Kappa Middies Drub Indianapolis
Just a week ago Mickey Coch*
Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa rane’s club completely outclassed Sigma. I Gabby Hartnett’s IndianapoM Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Pi. American Association team by a Acacia vs. Delta Upsilon. top-heavy score of 15-1. In this
game every member of the club hit safely at least once with most of them getting 2 and 3, several goinff for extra bases. Don Dunker, former Indiana University ace, had little trouble in silencing the once
Sigma Nu vs. Triangle.
Beta Sigma Psi vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon.
Sigma Chi vs. Theta Xi. Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma
Kappa.
Cary Hall Standings , Won Lost
Cary Hall Caiy Hall Cary Hall Cary Hall Cary Hall Caiy Hall Cary Hall
Dad’s Place
POPCORN
Gallon 15c
so
BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL ice Cream
HANDY
Pint 20c
Other flavors 17c pint
Courtesy of Dartmouth “Jack-o-Lanteru"
A better method is to send it home regularly by Railway Express—and have it returned the same way. Our service is fast, sure—and convenient. Economical rates include pick-up and delivery at no extra charge within our regular vehicle limits in all cities and principal towns. Your choice of prepaid or collect charges. Just as convenient too, for 'most any shipment; Baggage, gifts, cake or a pet elephant.
Railwa^
CY INC
XPRESS A<'ENCY INC.I
Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma powerful Hoosier bats. He alltxwed Alpha Mu. ' only four hits over the nine inning
Delta Tau Delta vs. Alpha route.
Gamma Rho. About a week before this gam^
with the Hoosiers, the Middies beat Camp Grant, probably the 4trong^ est service team in the country by a score of 4 to 1 at WrigB^y Field in Chicago. The Sailors were originally scheduled to meet the Riveters on that same day here at RossAde field but cancelled the game be-" cause of the increased receipts which they could get for the Navy Relief Fund by playing in the Windy
City.
Average 10 Runs Per Game Statistics to date show that the Sailors have averaged slightly leao than 10 runs per game with each member of the regular team batting ovei .300. Don Padgett, former Cardinal player, has been leading the team in slugging although/^several of his teammofe®s top far as averages aie concerned^ Big Bon has several home luns to hm credit in addition to about a dozen doofalea and three base blows.
Patronize Exponent
Advertisers
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YpU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALCREEN'S DRUG STORES ^ 410 Main Street
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Zouaves Will Drill In Armory Tuesday Next Tuesday at Corps Day, the Zouaves will piesent their second exhibition drill before the ROTC ' students; the first was presented yestei day. The purpose «L- thfesa di ills IS to introduce the Zonavas to the fiesbman and sophomore military students and intei'est them ift that activity. , Following the Tuesday performance a callout will be held in. the Armoiy foi all interested students. Since 1929 the Zouaves hnYO h««» peilorming both on and off the emnpus. This is the only organiaatiott of its kind. The exhibition Tuesday is open to the public and may he view#! from the balcony on the second floor of the Armory.Pwraui^ Exponent
Friday, June 5, 1942
111.
.T
4^H Members Will Attend Round-Up Here Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday ^Prairie Farmer' Editor Will Discuss 'Girls In Other Lands' At First Meeting Trifon Club To Hold 4-H Club members from all parts of the state will partici- |JA£|ljn|| MavI MAnrlaV pate in the 24th annual 4-H Round-up to be held at the Uni- ■ ICCIiliy IIOAl I lUllUiiy versity next Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, it was announced by the State 4-H Department. A wide variety of pro- meeting in the Women’s Gym next grams has been arranged for the three-day event, which will Monday at 7:30 p. m. During the demonstrate to approximately 1,500 persons specialized phases next two weeks form and endur-
of the club work
01 tne C uo WOFK. , ,• 4. 1 , interested in swimming. MemberJudging contests in crops, poultry and eggs, livestock, and the Triton Club will be based weed and insect identification will be held; winners in the va- on the results of these tests.
rious competitive groups will
claim top state honors. /-•# l Featured speakers on the K*lUu
program include John Strohm, (Continued from page 1)
assistant editor of “Prairie the audience had been told to kiss tion swims in the men’s pool this Farmer,” who has travelled and had done a poor job. Olsen summer. They are also planning a around the world and i ecently com- told the man to give her a “kiss as a picnic for Triton Club members
pleted a 25,000-mile trip over South Purdue man would givd,’’ where- this summer.
America. His talk Monday after- upon he really “pitched” in.
noon will be on the subject of “Girls Riveters Stand Out Gol HicICS GlVeS
HULA DANCER
'The club meets every Monday' night in the pool of the Women’s Qym for water games and races. The group is planning to present a ballet at one of the mixed recrea-
in Other Lands.”
At 2:30 Sunday the second con-
“Homer Challiaux, Indianapolis, cert began, with Rochester, Purdue, n . AAarlolc officer of the Ameiican Legion, will Redlands, and Duke singing, fol- DGjI JOIOIC?* /yitJCIcf d discuss “Making America Strong” lowed by a Waring program and ^ At Corns Dav vesterdav Lt. Col. at the afternoon session which will Collegiate Chorale of g jj Hicks of the University milbe presided over by Harry J. Reed, York voices directed by Bob Shaw. E^ H. H>cks of ^ rented " e dean of the School of Agriculture The Riveters were the onlir'ones to Jjary ^ !i i 7 n n Jn tL evenmg the annuaf club ban- -arch onto the stage one of two R S B-fwinneS ^ quet will be followed by a round of ^ and^ he^on y ^one respectively parties featuring special stunts. ^^^6 p. m. From that time - f^e freshman Best Soldier conBoys To Get Awards g.g^ test which was held last semester. Presentation of awards in all ag- debated over their decisions, and at Medals were presented previousricultural activities and a lepeti- 9 banquet in the Florentine other winners at a Tuesday tion of the high scoring demonstra- gf ^he Park Central began. At Corps Day. Sophomore winners are tions will occupy the attention of 11.30 ij^g dinners were announced Stevens, first; J. C. Auld, seethe boys Wednesday at the session; gver CBS and the winning clubs J; Gentles, third. Secwhile the girls will be addressed by Rochester and the Boiler- ond,place in the freshman contest Margaret Murphy, of the Kerr jp^kers won the contest and Dart- awarded at this-time to W. M.
Mrs. Roosevelt , Praises Home Ec Chorus In Letter
Ada Leonard
CE 41; An examination for the removal of C or I grades will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, from 1:30 to 4:30 f-m. on Saturday, June 6. Permission to take the
examination must be obtained
dersigned (lefore June 4. --GREVB
WAA Tennis Tournament: The following matches '^must be played off by Satoday,
(Continued from page 1)
participation the most—her liking for Clark Gable hnd the late John
Barrjymore, and "tendency toward jiTne'oT iitoeven"vs.*^Piatt, Cooper vs. steig
green (as she learned from, a trade ^rivens^”"
journal of Women’s Wear in New Poundali^T'-Honeymoon Party’ , . York) rate only second to pride in FriW. June 6, from 8 to lO p.m. at the
The University’s choral projects, dimensions-height, 5 ft., 8^^ - ' " "
which have won innumerable hon- i9q oto_that
ors under the direction of Albert P.
in., weight, 128 pounds; etc.are of the ‘World’s Most Beautiful
Qlass Co. on “Food For Thought,” jyjouth and Oklahoma were awarded
and Glen Lehker, University ento- ppjzes for the most entertaining mologist, on “Defeat the Bugs.” performance and the most perfectUniversity musical organizations ly balanced choral group, respecwill be featured at the closing gen- tively. All will receive cups, eral period on Wednesday afternoon Qlee Clubs Take Over Broadcast which will have as its theme. After the broadcast the Pennsyl-
Scabbard and Blade sponsors this contest each year, and membeis of the organizations do all of the judging in determining the winners.
“Youth Salutes Ameiica.” >
F. Smithburn Exhibits
Paintings In Union
vanians entertained until 2:30 a. m. Monday night Waring’s Glee Club did not sing at all during either of their evening broadcasts, but instead Oklahoma and the Boiler-
makers presented the show. Okla- , , a v, ^ , , playground. A chaige of ten cents homa sang the theme song in the .
Wesley Foundation To Hold Party Tonight at 8 in the backyaid of
Wesley
read as follows
“Dear Mr. Stewart:
I have been greatly interested in the Home Economics Chorus project which you have been directing in Indiana and I have personally witnessed, on various occasions, the splendid results which
have been achieved.
It is my opinion that in times like these, music plays an important role in the building of morale and I tyish it were possible for similar projects to be initiated in all our forty-eight states.
Very sincerely yours, Eleanor Roosevelt”
Home economics choruses, a project of the University agricultural extension department, ai’e at present organized in 70 counties of the state, with a total membership of approximately 3,000 rural women. The Tippecanoe county chorus has made two appearances in the east. In the summer of 1936, the group sang before the meeting of the Ru-
Eleanor Powell, world's top ^^1 Women of the World in Washdancer in “Ship Ahoy", in ington,“D. C., and made such a hit , . , , . J.I n J ri I that it .gave a request performance
which she stars with Red Skel-
ton and Tommy Dorsey and his Baltimore at the convenband. The new film opens Sat- National Federation of urday at the Mars theatre Music Clubs and then sang at the , , , New York World’s Fairi University To Sponsor fraternity School
Indiana Fire School
Stewart, have received an added
tribute in the form of a letter from , „ . . , . Mrs. Eleanor Roosevelt at the ^he All-American orchestra is
White House, Washington, D. C., a like their leader, have the physique, .
ifloas nnrl nctivitie*; that merit their Synagogue baa been called off until next ._ laeas, ana acriviries mat meui men ^ p ghurd, Sunday,
title. The band personnel includes June 7 for picnic at Meeks.
. A IJ! J.1 1 —SCHALLIOL.
a tournament golfer, three polo
The letter from Mrs. Roosevelt players, an ex-state champion ten- Wcsicy Foundation: Backyard Paity.Fri-
highly commending the value of the state home economics chorus proj
ect.
Christian Church, Sixth and North streets on the East Side. Adraiasion is ten cents per person. Wear ‘joe’ clothes. Evewine welcome. —JOHNSON P.I.A. Chorus: Will those interested in singing in the PIA Chorus please sign up in the PIA office before Tuesday, June 9, or call Hendricks 41961.
—HENDRICKS
Roger Williams Club: Trip to the Jewish
day, June 6 at 8 p.m. at the Foundation
nis player, an entire hockey team. House. Price is ten cents. Every UnlvMsity
, . , , U AJ- student is welcome. —BANDELIER and one luscious lovely who studies
wvoatHnir Christian Science Organization: Regular wieaoiiiig. meeting at 7-30 pm. Tuesday, June 9 in
In addition to personality, the room 303 of the Union. —lockwood
orchestra is one of the top ranking condition Exami77.iiis in English! Exwoman’s organizations in the coun- a^minations fm- the lemoval of conditions in
English will be held on Saturday afternoon,
try, and features Jane Sager, who June 13, from l to 4 in room 201, Univer1 T_ X J 1 *^1, •_ xu., sity Hall. Removal of Condition cards may has been rated high in the musical obtained at the English Office in Uniworld for her trumpeting talent, versity Hall. —CREEK
The group had its start at Northwestern University. Tickets may be purchased for PIA board members, at a ticket booth outside the Sweet Shop, and at the dance for $1.10, including tax.
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting of the Cosmopolitan club Friday, June 7 at 4:15 pm. in room 304 of the Union. —FEEVER
(Continued from page 1)
of the Stewart Howe Alumni; Dean F. T. Mi'.chell of Michigan State
Notices
Freshman Camp Counselors: Anyone inteiested in acting ns a counseloi at the August treshman camp should call or get in touch with Dj. Graves (31642), Schalliol (66052), or Singer (8412). —SINGER AH Military Students: Make-up examinations for the removal of “C" giades in Military Training* 2, 4, and 6 will be given at 1pm Satuiday, June 6 in the Aimoiv All Btudentb havjrig|“C ’ grades ni these couises must report to the Adjutant, in the mam otfice of the Armory, piioi to 4 pin Friday, May 29, for detailed insti; actions. —RIORDAN Newman Club: All members of Newman Club Intel ested m a mixed doubles tennis tournament should call 241.i and notify Chailie Clark. —LANUTI WAA Golf Tournament: Beginners and advanced touinaments begin Monday, June 15. Sign up in the Girls gym —GANNON Gold Peppers: Picnic with Reameis is postponed to Sunday, .lune 21 —SIMONS
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makwi sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost: Log log deci. trig, slide ml?- Seward Phone 8421 Room 364-E
Wanted: Student 21 years of age. time Apply Fowler Hotel
Part
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD |. RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schulli Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayette
the foundation house the
Foundation will hold an ‘Initiation Party’ in celebration of the new
Ninth annual Indiana Fire School
wiiji be held at tlie Univeisity on the Univer.sity of Illinoi.s. In addiJune 11 and 12 with “The Place tion to those already listed several of the Fire Depaitment in National other men who are prominent in Defense” serving as the central fiaternity activities about the camtheme for the conference. The con- pus will also appeal on the piogram.
Condition Exams in Math: Examination to remove grade ot C in Math will be given Satuidoy, June G, at 2 ji m in the Reci-
Colleg'e and Dean Fred Turner ol tation btnldmg Peimits should be obtained
Math ottice not lutei than Wednesday,
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across From Union "Red" Sammons *29 **Doc** Eppla *40
June 3
-AYERS
Florence Smithburn, Indiana ait ist from New Augusta, is now ex
. , J, X per pel son will be made to cover Waring manner and the two gave ,, x c xu c x nii, ,, ,,,,,, , ,, 1 the cost of the refieshments. The
painted in the Dark Continent by the artist during the past five
years.
Exhibited In New York
This exhibit has recently been
displayed pt the New Yoik Ait Stu- Donna Day
deants’ League Gallery, at the
vention is under the direction of the University Engineenng Extension Depaitment, the State File Marshal’s Depaitment of Indiana, and the Indiana In.spection Buieau. The mam purpose ot the school
, ^ is to present m a practical foim
Tuesday at 4:15 p. m. the Club evening foi all .students the latest infoimation on fire fight1/1 tUc* T’/aeTTO/'f o ■Uto **Vno* , ^ • e> i* -t.ii
who wish to play badminton, horse- mg, nre pievenlion, and the tiain-
the baseball theme and then each sang two numbers individually. Be-
hibiting forty watercolors and oils broadcasts Waring gave a . in the Music Room of the Union. .j^bs at the Lambs’ All of the paintings depict various ^lub (where no woman is allowed).
aspects of African life and were
Alpha Phi Omega: OHicial pltilging to be held pioniptly at 7 . JO p ni Jufiday, June 9, in room .^03 ot the Union AH uctivis be piesunt -WILBUR Fraternity Affairn Office: Sophomore call-
Progl am for the school is divided out will be held Wed, Thurs . Imi. Juno
3, 4, 6 All Bophornoie woikcis must be there * -ULRICH
NgW under-arm t Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
evening will be spent playing group games, and later everyone will join
The foundation is open every aft-
paid its last respects to the “big
city and arrived home wpin out shoes, or croquet with then j i lends
but happy Wednesday noon amid
another reception at the station. e* •
oenior Day
Marvin Smith and Bob Wilson- (Continued from page 1) John Herron Art Institute in In- both of whom insisted their names
dianapolis, where Miss Smithburn be used—were the class of the Club, as’„.,aster of ceremonies repeived a part of her artistic Maiv had a date with Donna Day botli teams betraining, and at the Richmond AiU^nd Bob with Jane Wilson, both fore the game. After the senior tick
Gallery. f'ngevs with Wanng, after the
These paintings are character- bioadcast Monday nigh.t and all ema, assistant to the president, will
ized by aitist Smithburn’s interest four vi^ted Tommy Dorsey at the
in brilliant color and stiiking pat- Astor Roof. Jane live.s at 110th Captain tern. Many portray tribal customs Street, but Bob won t disclose his and Coach Mackey say that
and scenes observed by the artist taxi fare.
during her stay-in Africa. Boys Crash Starlight Roof that the ball game will not be over
Climax of the trip for five young until the last man is nut. men was between the concert and Cole, Doan Will Ump the banquet Sunday evening. In- “Pop” Doan, manager of ticket
p I r I quisitive to see the Starlight Roof sales, and “Doc” Cole of the Stuv3nC6l$ v0nTGr6nC6 of the Waldoif-Astona, Hedden, dent Health Seivice will act as um-
Jacklin, Myers, Wright and your pires and Bob Woodworth of the
Annual meeting of the American lepoiter took the elevator up. In information biiieau will officiate as Institute of Cooperation, scheduled pj.ogi ess was a very swanky formal announcei over the loud speaker
to be held at the University the reception for which the system.
week of Aug. 10, has been cancelled ^vhcle Roof and Guy Lombardo had Gold Peppeis, senior women’s and will not be held this year be- acquired. honorary, will be on hand to act cause of the war. waterboys in the titanic struggle The decision has been announced d^fhes, they peacefully and will make sure that their repreby Charles A. Holman, Washing on, ..gjashed” the pai ty and went about sentatives do not lose. The senior D. C., who was in In^dianapolis t is iggpects to Mr. Jones women dressed in their yellow week to meet with the Indiana Smith and anybody who sweaters are expected to give moial
came neai. An admiral and many support to the battling ball team.
into half day sessions, and today’s piogram will be devoted to the discussion of securing manpower and tiaining and initiating new men. Lt. Stewart Howe, Donald M. DuShane, and W. N. Rider, piesident of the Intel fraternity Piesidents’ Council, will conduct the morning
Cooperative Group
ing of personnel for emergency file Pi'ogiam. 1. Holmes Martin and duty. There will be no registiation Turner will .speak in the aft-
fee foi the school sessions and all einoc*n.
Tomorrow the group will discuss the conserving of manpower through financial management, and in the afteinoon scholarship and activities will be featured on the pio-
giam.
The Sunday morning sessions will deal with the “Conseiving of Piateinities,” and the conference will end after a closing banquet Sunday noon. R. B. Stewart, University Controller, will address the, clo.sing banquet on “The College Fraternity Assumes Adult Responsibility.” The .school is open to anyone holding an office in a fraternity, fraternity sponsois, advisors or executive seci etaries.. The Intel fraternity Piesidents’ Council would like to have four men registered from ev-
inteiested peisons are invited to at-
tend.
Grain Dealers To Hold Meeting Here June 29 Airangements for the annual summer meeting of the Indiana Grain Dealeis’ Association, which will be held at the University Monday, June 29, aie being made by Fred K. Sale, Indianapolis, secie-tary-treasuier of the association, who expects sevcial bundled to at-
tend.
A golf touinament at the West Lafayette Country Club will begin the Sunday . afternnon program.
There will be a progiam Sunday^ery house, preferably officers. The evening and on Monday. Members rcgi.sti ation fee is $4 and may be
Archery: Archeiy lor all men hiudontb Will be held every Monday, Wednesday, and I'riduy Iioin 4 to 6 30 pm at the arcluiy lanye adjacent to the Women’s tennis courts Etiuipment and instiuetion will be available without cliarKO at the lanyt. —FREYMAN SeniorR: Seniois yradiinting in Auj? or Dec may still siLrn up the week of June I in the Debris oHue aftei 4 pm There aie still 200 who liave not '^lyntd up —BALL Alpha Phi Omee;a; AH intcieste<I in wrnkin« at campoiee on June 12, li call Wilbui, phono S029, before Tuesday, June 9 — WILBUR Condition Exams In English: Exams for removal of C's in LriKHsh will be hi Id Sat, June 13 tiom 1 to 4 p m in looni 201, Umveisity Hail Iltmoval of C caids may be obliintd in the English Offict in Umviisity HnU - CREEK Pill Lambda Upsilon: Keys have ariivfd Now mernbiis may gi L same by calling at Alpha Clu RUo house —ADAMS
Chinese Students, First meeting will be hfld I nday, June 6, at 7 pm. in loom 303 of the Union ^ LIANG Pi Tail Sigma: April initiates Membcisliip ctrtihcatis now avail ible at main office ol the ME building KINNEY
1. Does not rot dresses or men’s shirts. Does not irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, greaseless, I stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arnd has been awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Aiiid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a ja* today I JHEEID -
39^“J"
At all stores selling tollsl gopds (also in and 59^ Jars)
Farm Bureau which was cooperat ing in staging the confeience.
the
aimy officers were present;
#• i gloom was a lieutenant. Former Students a1 Stewart Pleased
Return For Visit About the tiip A1 Stewart says: Robert J. Deckaid and Mrs. “All 43 boys and I are pleased with Deckard, of Omaha, Nebiaska, are the decision. Of couise we would visiting in Lafayette. Deckard was have been happiei to have come out the wiiter of “Fielder’s Choice,” on top, but aie proud of being seethe Exponent column in 1939-40. ond and lunneis-up. I want to pay Mrs. Deckard was foi mei ly Caro- tribute to the boys in the Glee Club
line Scott and was coed editor ot foi excelent singing, cooperative ^ j i x • i j „ , . . . panied by dates wearing cords must
the Debus. attitude, and then fitting lepreBoth giaduated iiom the school sentation of Purdue in their conof science in ’40. Deckaid i.s now duct. Pei.sonally I never met a finer manager of the Omaha bianch of all-around mpn than Fred Waring, the American Mutual Liability In- He wa.s swell. All of use are most
Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, will opeiate the soda concession for the Senior Day and will supply an amplifying system for
the program.
All seniors wealing cords, and their dates, will be admitted free to the Senior Day Dance to he hold tomorrow night in the Noith Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 to 11:30. Senior women not accom-
appreciative of the hundred
show their passports.
Mauiy Mahns and his prehestra will piovide the music for the dance and all seventh semester students with a ’43 on their passports will
, , . , ,, . , be considered senioi s regai dless of more telegiams and letters leceived ... x tt • -x . i- , , , . , , ,, , their present University standing,
before leaving, while in New Yoik, and since oui retuin. We were also greatly impressed with oui send-
off and welcome home.” Aftorney To Talk On Home Buying
Michael Ricks, local attoiney, will
gurance Company.
Camperaft Picnic To . Start- At Ross Camp Twelve coeds will leave for Ross Camp tomoiiow noon for a weekend camping tup, sponsored by the Women’s Athletic Association. Alice Bond, who leaches the camp craft course, will go as advisoi.
Thej( will letuin Sunday evening discuss “What to Look for When fiom the lank of lieutenant. Capt. at 7. You Sign A Lease or Buy A House” Johnson joined the Univeisity staff The purpose of the ti ip is to cai- in a continuation of the legular se- fiom Foil Biagg, N. C., in April ry on a camp piogiam and piactice lies of Better Homes broadcasts ov- and lesided in Biidgepoit, Conn., the various camp crafts. This is a ei WBAA on Monday afternoon at piior to entering military service pre-camp com-se for next spring. 1:30 p.m. in December, 1940.
and their wives will have the Union as headqnartei s foi business and entertainment features. Air Corps Enlistment Closes Today At 11 This moining between 10 and 11 is the last chance for students to obtain information concerning the Air Foice Enlisted Reserve. All those inteiested are asked to come to the basement of the Aimoiy, Room B-4. Information on immediate appointment as Aviation Cadets
may also be obtained.
Lt. Colonel E. H. Hicks will be there to assist all students desiring to apply for the Air Foice Enlisted Reseive or Aviation Cadet. Information may also be obtained from the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board located on the second floor of the
Lafayette YMCA.
paid at the time of registration. Lt. George Welch . . . former University student who received the Distinguished Service Cioss for shooting down four Japanese planes over Hawaii on Dec. 7, visited the White House Monday where he received the personal congratulations of President Roosevelt.
KODAK BRING BACK YOUR SHARE OF GOOD SNAPSHOTS THE EASIEST WAY
FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State — West Lafayette
7^
All seniois are urged to take part in the day’s activities and help back their warriors in the battle
against the faculty.
Capt. H. N. Johnson
has recently been piomoted
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Everyfhing for a College Education DEAC’S
SHORTAGES may worry you. Shortage of Gasoline, of Tires, Sugar, Etc.— but there is NO SHORTAGE in.the Quality of Crown Cleaning. The highest standards are still maintainer. Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill