4
sp
hr
,1 r^ f t
, J M ir- %
ni, .H ^
-» /t< -*5 /■' r U ^ ■it’’* 4 , ^
kn^
A
K
Hamilton Will Head Physical Unit
CE Graduate Succeeds Bushnell As University 'Plant Superintendent Ray T. Hamilton, who has been acting superintendent of physical plant of the University for several months, has been named superintendent to succeed C. J). Bushnell, who has held that position since 1919. Bushnell has been on leave most of the time since last summer because of illness, but is back on duty part time and is remaining on the staff as consulting superintendent and plant engineer. Hamilton, CE ’23, joined the University staif in 1927 after four years in street, road, sewer and building construction at Muncie and Port Wayne. He has been superintendent of new construction since his return to Purdue and has been closely associated with Mr. Bushnell in the big campus development of the last several years. Bushnell Succeeded Dufty Mr. Bushnell, 1913 graduate in mechanical engineering, joined the staff thereafter and was professor of practical mechanics when he was chosen in 1919 to succeed Arthur Dufty as superintendent of the buildings and grounds. He has organized the force to handle the maintenance of buildings and the grounds of the University which is an important part of the University business system which is directed by R. B. Stewart, controller. The system of management and maintenance of the physical plant developed by Bushnell at the University has been given high recognition by authorities on physical plant management throughout the nation. 77% Of Seniors Hold Positions At Graduation Ninety-four per cent of the seniors graduating in engineering last Sunday had positions in industry when they received their diplomas, a survey by the personnel department released yestefday revealed. Of the entire senior class, 77 per cent had jobs at commencement time. This is in contrast to the 60 per cent who had employment at the same period last year. It is probable, the personnel office said, that the figures have gone up since commencement, as there is an acute need for men trained in particular fields. The pharmacy class followed the engineers closely with 88 per cent employed, while 86 per cent of the forestry grads had jobs and 84 per cent of the agricultural seniors were employed. The average starting salary of all this year’s graduates, including both men and women, is $136 per month, compared with $119 a year ago. This includes the starting salary of 117 men who went directly into military service as commissioned officers and a small number who are,to go into the army as draftees. Wesley Foundation Will Conduct Sunday School Wesley Foundation will conduct a special Sunday school Class for summer school students beginning this Sunday at 9:30 at the West Lafayette Methodist phiirch. The theme will b© “The Essentials of the Christian Fnith,” Rev. William MpFadden will teach the lesson this Sunday on “What We Believe About Jesus.” The class clos.es promptly at 10:30 each Sunday. Ammon Swope , . . professor of edpcation and applied psychology, was elected a meniber of the school board of the West Lafayette public schools last Tuesday evening.
3t-1H
FowicImI 111 18S9
m DillySiMsim
Volume 5, No. 2
Summer Sesdions Es^nent
Friday, June 13, 1941
Summer Convocation, Social Program Will Open This Evening With Studebaker Chorus, Mixer Concert At 8 O'clock In Union Ballroom; Mixer Afterwards
The Studebaker Male'Chorus of 45 voices which will sing this evening at 8 o'clock in the Union ballroom is pictured above with Director Ethel Stuart Gaumer. At the left is J. Robert Hammond, accompanist and former University student, and at the right is Kathryn Moller, pianist and soloist with the chorus. While on the campus Hammond was a member of the glee club and the concert choir. ^
Name Committee Members For 1941 Summer Session
Announcement was made- yesterday of the personnel of the 1941 summer session committee for the events of the social, recreational, and convocation program with the distribution of printed schedules at registration. Faculty members of the committee are as follows: 0. F. Hall, chairmain, H. K. Carmichael, M. L. Clevett, George E. Davis, H. G. DeKay, Edith Gamble, Helen W. Hazelton, T. R. Johnston, David C. Pfendler, A. P. Stewart, and L. M. Vallely. Student members are Richard T. Adams, Barbara Adkins, Florence Croll, William Darling, George N. Hoffer, Myra McKee, Becky Pervine, Donald S. Powers, James A. Starkejr, John L. Traugott, and Marjorie Williamson. Summer Session Calendar Friday, June 13—-Instruction begins, regular session. Monday-Friday, June 16-July 11 Monday-Friday, June 16-June 20 —^Housemothers’ training school. Monday-Saturday, June 16-21— Folk dance and dramatics institute. Tuesday-Friday, June 16-20 — Rural youth training school. Monday-Saturday, June 23-28— Rural leadership school. Monday-Friday, June 23-27—^Vo-cational agriculture teachers’ conference. Jupe 24-26—Conference for custodians. Itfonday A. M., June 80—Second series of intensive unit courses begins. Tuesday-Thursday, Jnly 8-10 — Educational leaders’ clinic. Monday-Friday, July 7-11—Short course for drug clerks. Monday-Saturday, July 14-19 — Life-Underwriters’ training school, Unit I. Monday-Saturday, July 7-19 (Continued on page 3)
House Mothers Assemble Monday For Conference Over 125 fraternity and sorority housemothers, and residence halls house directors are expected to register for the four week House Directors’ Training School, which opens on the campus Monday- morning. Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women, will deliver the opening address on “The Purpose and Objectives of the School” at 9 o’clock Monday morning in the recreation room of Women’s The school will consist of three
daily sessions. The morning meetings will be held from 9 to 10:20 and 10:40 to 11:40 o’clock; the afternoon sessions from 2 to 4 o’clock. Sessions will consist of lectures by staff members and special lecturers, followed by group discussion. All of these sessions will be conducted in the recreation room of WRH North. Staff Members In Charge Members of the staff in charge of the House- Directors* Training School are: Miss Sarah Blanding, dean of women. University of Kentucky; Mrs. Harding Cecil, vicepresident of Brockett-Cecil Inc., Evanston, 111.; Miss Edith Gamble, head of the department of institutional management; Mrs. Katherine Ingle, dean of women. University of Cincinnati; Mrs. Ruth McCam, counselor to women, Northwestern University; Mrs. Lena McDougle, housemother of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority; Miss Noami McGuire, foods manager and executive housekeeper of WRH; Dr. Harriet O’Shea, associate professor of educational psychology; Miss Helen Schleman, director of WRH; and Miss Dorothy Stratton, dean of women. Special Lecturers , Special lecturers from the University are; H. B. Abbott, purchasing agent; G. O. Arbuckle, manager of Cary Halls; W. A. Bodden, chief accountant and assistant controller;
Miss Irene Feldt, director of placement service for women; Pres. E. C. Elliott; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; J. R. Johnson, assistant purchasing agent; Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the summer session; Dr. M. D. Steer, director of the Speech Clinic, and R. B. Stewart, University controller. Prof. Gamble will conduct a discussion on “Menu Planning” at the 10:40 o’clock session Monday. Informal recreation and a social hour will follow the opening dinner Monday evening at 6 o’clock. Mrs. McDougle is in charge of recreation. - Wesley Foundation Party For Students Tomorrow The Wesley Foundation will hold its annual summer school student party tomoiarow at 8 p. m. at the Foundation House, 436 State St. Elaine Horton will have charge of get-acquainted games, after which Noel and Ruth Lee will play and Rev. McFadden will talk on “Europe as It Used to Be” showing pictures of Europe as he saw it before the war. Punch and ice cream will be served. All summer school s^dents who are interested in the Wesley Foundation and the Methodist Church are invited to attend. There is no charge.
Summer Courses In Hearing Testing Will Aid Teachers The University Speech Clinic will present special lectures by outstanding clinical authorities and other special features during its summer session program for training in hearing, testing, and lip reading instruction. Dr. M. D. Steer is in charge of the Clinic. This training program for ins^uction is especially designed to aid teachers in state schools to meet the requirements of House Bill No. 512. The bill requires school districts in the state of Indiana to conduct hearing examinations at least once a year for all pupils. All teaihers desiring to be eligible for administering the examinations are expected fo complete three courses. Two of the three courses are required and one course is to be elected from a group of three possibilities. Required courses are lip reading and psycho-physics of sound and audiometric measurements. Elective courses are anatomy and physiology of hearing and vocal mechanisms, applied phonetics, and sp^ch correction. Dr. RaymoiidsCalvert, director of the eye, ear, noM and throat clinic in L^ayette, anp Hildred Gross, newly appointed supervisor for the Detroit public schools, are tentatively i^cheduled to present lectures during the summer session. Special features on the Speech Clinic'program include motion pictures distributed by the American Society for the Hard-of-Hearing depicting hearing tests, follow-up work including lip reading instruction for children, colored motion pictures of vocal chords, and vocal chord pictures photographed by Dr. Joseph Tiffin, of the psychology department.
The Studebaker Chorus of 46 voices will open the summer session convocation and social program with a concert at 8 o’clock tonight in the north ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. Immediately following the choral program Irv Given and his campus band will play for the first mixer of the summer session. During the dancing refreshments will be served in the ballroom. The entire evening’s program is open to everyone on the campus. Appearing with the chorus will be Kathryn Moller, pianist, who will present several solo numbers and will serve as assistant accompanist. Miss Moller has appeared before audiences in Chicago and New York and has won praise for her interpretative renditions of the works of the old masters. Another Featured Artist Another featured artist with the chorus will be Virginia Smith, South Bend soprano, who will sing several numbers. The choral group, directed by Ethel Stuart Gaumer and accompanied by J. Robert Hammond, has appeared for the past three years in concerts in Chicago’s Grant Park and at many other places throughout the Middle West. The chorus is composed of employees from nearly every department of the Studebaker Corporation plant jn South Bend. Hammond, the accompanist, graduated from Purdue in electrical engineering in 1936. While on the campus he was president of the Purdue chapter of Delta Upsilon. Program The complete program which the Studebaker Chorus will present tonight follows: Border Ballad — Jdaon^^ Words by Sir Walter Scott A Spirit Flower „ Campbell-Tipton C. C. Garden and Cboms Invictus - ~3runo Hahn Komany Life ^erbezi Song a la Czardas from the Fortune Teller • Impromtn in A-Flat. _ ~ .Qhopin Kathryn Moller • • « Good Night Jaarriett Ware Virginia Smith-Fanl Widop Ave Mana „ .Bach-Gonnod Toraci, Toraci (White Flower) Korean Flower So^ Vinska Pesna (Serbian Song)„ Isidor Bajie Mother Machree „ Jrish C. C. Garden Jonah (A Rhythmic Spiritual) .Arr. Waring The occasional inclusion of consecutive iifth^, hidden octaves and other unusual harmonic progresaions is for effect only) * • * Ana Vissi d’arte, Vissi d’ Amore Puccini From “Tosca” The Little-Shepherd’s Song _ Watts Let My Song Fill Your Heart Charles Virgima Smith * • * Alt Wien „ Leopold Godowsky Malguena. Bmesto Lecuona Kathryn Moller^ Robert Bhunmond • * « Marching Along Together _ Steininger Medley of Old Songs ~ _ -Arr. Gaumer Robert Anderson, Henry Trzcinski, Chorus or Man River —Kem Paul Widup and Chorus Italian Street Song „ JHerbert Fnjm “Naughty Marietta” PfpF. Ben. H. Petty ... of the School of Civil Engineering, has gone to Ironwood, Miph., to appear on the convention program of the Upper Peninsula Road Builders’ Association. Another speaker is Prof. J. H. Cissel, ’10 civil engineering graduate of the University, teacher at the University of Michigan, who will speak on the Tacoma, Wash., bridge disaster. The sessions opened yesterday and will end this afternoon.
Bulletin
Associate Jastio| Harlan F., Stone was yesterday elevated to ttio position of Chief Justice ef thn United Staten Supreme Court by Pr«^dent Roesevidt. Justico Stone is a brother of the bite WtnHutfiHO Stone, president of tim ffnivendtr from 19Q0.}921.
iMS^aqsL
Jimsihj Jixlk
Gary Schools Make Progress Through Purdue Survey A survey of the schools of Gary was recently made by members of the Purdue staff directed by Dr. Frederic B. Knight, of the division of education and applied psychology. The following editorial commenting nn the results of the Purdue survey is reprinted from the Gary Post. In Chicago the Daily »News is complaining because the recommendations of the Strayer committee for revisions in the public schools have been virtually forgotten since they^were presented to the Chicago board of education nine years ago. The five volumes of the report are “gathering dust in school board archives,” the News laments, while the board in some instances has acted actually opposite to the recommendations. That’s the story, unfortunately, of most school surveys. The survey is made, nicely bound copies of the report are presented to the school board and then the report is both literally and figuratively shelved. The fine thing about the Purdue survey of the Gary schools, currently nearing its conclusion, is that the findings of the survey committee are being considered individually and carefully, and are being made the subject of school board action when the trustees find the recommendations are desirable. The sheer bulk of most survey reports, delivered all at once, defeats the purpose of the surveys. For nearly a year now, the school board has been receiving reports, both formal and informal, from members of the Purdue committee. Some of the suggestions concern major changes in policies or practices of the schools; others are relatively minor. A good many of them have been approved and put into effect; some have been altered, and some are still under consideration. It is no indictment of the Gary schools or of their personnel to say that the survey was desirable or to make changes in policies and practices as a result of the survey’s findings. School systems should not be static; indeed the Gary system gained its reputation because it was not static and because it did make changes and try new methods. Medical men advise that most of us would
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and bi-weekly during Summer Session Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents PUBLICATION STAFF Editor: J L TKAUGOTT Bus. Mgr : D. S POWERS
Editorial 4005
PHONES
Business 8471.
live longer and happier if we had periodic checkups of our physical condition. Business and industrial enterprises follow that practice and, from time to time, call in experts to survey their organization and methods. In many industrial organizations the checkup policy is a continuous one. School surveys are not at all infrequent, though it is lamentably true that the results often are overlooked. Many of us, personally or in our business life, do things a certaip way because we have been doing them that way for a long time. Often the reason we started doing them that way is forgotten, and often the reason no longer exists. It may take a survey of some sort to show us that there’s now a reason for doing them a different way. That probably has been true in some measure in the schools as well. Pointing a finger at situations of that sort has been one of the jobs of the survey committee. One outstanding characteristic of the survey recommendations is that they are intelligible and easily understandable by the laymen—the parent or taxpayer—as well as by the educator. You don’t need a Ph.D. to understand the reasoning behind a proposal that primary students go to school to just one teacher. You don’t need training in educational theory to realize that little first graders can get mightily confused trying to keep track of a corps of teachers and a number of classrooms. So with the bulk of the proposals; the emphasis has been on the youngster and his welfare, and the recommendations have been presented in language strikingly lacking in four-syllable words. Our Gary schools were not perfect before the survey started and they will not be perfect as a result of the survey. But we feel they are going to be improved as a result of the Purdue inquiry, if only because it has impressed upon all of us—^parents, teachers and students—that we must be alert, that we must keep a continuing check on our efforts to see that they are up to the times, that we must not be self-compla-cent.
Seed Conferences Will Close Tonight
Seed analysts from five official state laboratories are attending a four-day regional conference, which will close tonight, at the FederalState Seed Laboratory in the Agricultural Chemistry building. The conference is under the direction of E. R. Clark, associate seed tech-
nologist of the United States Department of Agriculture, in charge of the Purdue laboratory, and Miss Regina Schulte, chief analyst. Mrs. Vera Drake, junior botanist of the Federal Laboratory, Washington, D C, IS assisting members of the local staff in seed germination studies. The conference is one of five to be held at the Federa-state seed laboratories throughout the United States to standardize seed laboratory technique and develop closer
cooperation between state and federal seed technologists in the enforcement of the Federal Seed Act. Representatives from the Minnesota, Michigan, Illinois, Indiana, and Ohio state laboratories are m attendance.
Eleanor Deming, Sc. ^’41, has recently been named recipient of the Gold Pepper-Pan-Hellenic scholarship. Miss Deming will do graduate work in bacteriology at the University of Michigan.
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
THE MAN WHO TALKED TO MUCH with GEORGE BRENT VIRGINIA BRUCE — PLUS — HOUSE OF MYSTERY with KENETH KENT
— STARJS SUNDAY
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
ANN SHERIDAN JEFFREY LYNN
IT ALL CAME TRUE
on good TEXT and STANDARD SCHOOL SUPPLIES at
^r"^OAIl PATRICK JACK irCARSON nORENCE StONO BATES * BLACK! —LAST TIMES TODAY-
PUKOIEECCKMimYSTPliE 308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE INQ^wutusL £xpuHmdL
Friday, June 13, 1941
Discuss Problem Of Industrial Uses For Agriculture Produce Progress made in finding new industrial uses for farm pro(^ucts were reviewed at a meeting of the board of governors of the National Farm Chermurgic Council held yesterday at the University with David Ross, an active member, as host. Members of the board present discussed the improved method of > extracting soybean oil as worked out during the last two or three years by Dr. H. R. Kraybill, head of the department of agric^ture, now on leave of absence. The process was hailed as an achievement for the soybean grower and processor. ' Expansion Another topic before the group was the expansion of castor bean acreage with the oil used in place of some of the driers now used in pamts and lacquers. Wider adaptation of flax fiber in production of cloth also was considered by the group along with a number of other problems. Dr. Charles A. Thomas, Dasrton, O., director of research for the Monsanto Chemical Company, was added to the board of governors. McMillen Presides Wheeler McMillen, Philadelphia, editor of the Farm Journal, and one time owner of a Covington, Ind.,
newspaper, president of the council, presided at the sesuon, with Mr. Ross presiding at the mnner closing the program. Other members of the board here were Russell G. East, Richmond, head of the agricultural development department of the Pennsylvania railroad and chairman of the state ehemurgic eouncidl; Arold P. Yerkes, Chicago, Vicepresident of the International Harvester Co.; D. Howard Doane, St. Louis, head of the Doane Agricultural Service which handles more than lOOjOOO acres of land; L. F. Livingston, in charge of agricultural relations for the DuPone Company; Elmer Noll, Wisconsin farmer and inventor; Dr. Roger Adams, University of Illinois; Edward J. Dies, Chicago, president of the Na^tional Soybean Processors’ Association; Howard Houston, New York City, vice-president of the American Cyanamid Co.; G. G. Mcllroy, Irwin, 0., president of the American Soybean Association, and John W. TicMor, New York, treasurer of the coujicil. Short talks were made at the dinner by G. S. Meikle, director of research relations with industry, and T. R. Johnston, director of information.
More than 3,500 intercollegiate football games are played at colleges and universities in the United States each year.
University of Montana has one classroom that covers approximately 1,600 acres—the forestry school's laboratory in Patte Canyon.
2,100 Rural Youths Here For Annual 4-H Club Round-Up
Final registration for the twentythird annual Boys’ and Girls’ 4-H Club Round-Up which concluded its campus sessions yesterday afternoon totaled 2,107, it was announced yesterday. Wallace Cook, of Carthage, Rush County, was awarded first place and a gold medal in the leadership contest sponsored by the Purdue chapter of Alpha Gamma Rho, agricultural social fraternity. Selections were based on leadership in club work in home communities, high school scholastic standing and activities, and leadership ability displayed during the Round-Up. Selection Committee The committee which made the selection was composed of three active Alpha Gamma Rho members, including Howard McCarty, of West Point, chairman; Truman Hays, Bainbridge, and George Duffy, of Noblesville. Three University staff members addressed'the 4-H girls during the morning. The speakers were Rachel Schenk, head of the circulation department of the library; Lois Oberhelman, extension nutritionist; and E. R. Honeywell, professor of horticulture.
Ads
For Rent: Single room, new bed, joining bath on ground floor. 473 Maple St.
For Rent: Pleasant, airy rooms. 3, $10, $12. 421 N. Chauncey, 66021
Sunday
In The Church^ Purdne Christian Foundation Sunday Program At Lafayette Christian Church 6th and North Streets 9:00 a. m.—-Student Class. Hubert Reynolds, pastor of PCF, will teach. * 10:00 a. m.—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach. All summer school students are welcome. 6:00 p. m.—At the Wesley Foundation House; Inter - Foundation meeting with 16 cent supper. Program will include recreation, singing, discussion _and worship. Dr. Gordon Graves, of the mathematics department, will speak. Because of the rearmament program, the experimental towing tank laboratory at Stevens Institute of Technology is virtually on a war footing.
Deac’s ALL BOOKS AND SUPPLIES FOR SUMMER SCHOOL / AT PURDUE^ Deac's H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
ESTABLISHED 1908
H. G. REISNER 325 STATE STREET
H. G. REISNER, JR. WEST LAFAYETTE
WE SAVE YOU UP TO 25% on your COLLEGE SUPPLIES
^ ^ ^
OWl fihicsibu SspflSL I^IL
PURDUE 5-IO-25-$I.OO STORE In the Village
Pick Commissioned Officers For Nexf^ Semester^s Band
Commissioned oflScers for the 1941-42 Military Band were announced at the annual concluding banquet beld at Lincoln Lodge last Saturday, The following is a list of the students who will direct the activities of the band next Fall: Commissioned Officers S’irst Lt. and Detail Officer, C. R. Watson; 1st Lt. and Supply Officer, P. J. Fenn; Bvt. 1st Lt. and Band Adjutant, C. G. Yates; Bvt. 1st Lt. and Personnel Officer, D. E. Haines; 2nd Lt. and Military Officer, R. A. Sprenger; 2nd Lt. Principal Drum Major and Ass’t. Adjutant, J. B. Whyman; 2nd Lt.-and Assistant Detail Officer, R. J. Coers. Bvt. 2nd Lt. and Technical Officer, G. W. Ely; Bvt. 2nd Lt. and Publicity Officer, N. L. Downing; Bvt. 2nd Lt. and Band Librarian, A. C. Flackbert; Bvt. 2nd Lt. and Band Quartermaster, W. E. Brown. Non-Commissioned Officers Assistant Supply Officer with the rank of Staff Sgt., R. K^Gast; Technical Sergeatn, P. J. Leininger; 1st Sergeant in charge of all Details, V. D. Lawhead; Sergeant and Assistant to Publicity Officer, W. A. Hammer; Concertmeister and Assistant to Band Librarian, rank of Sgt., R. B. Clifford; Supply Sergeant, J. C. Byers; Sergeant in charge of Chair ^nd Rack Detail, D. C. Ross; Sergeant in charge of Equipment Detail, J. L. Hole; Sergeant in charge of Music Detail, F. T. Hemler; Sergeant in charge of Percussion Detail, R. W. Hemmingsen; Sergeant in charge of Quarters Detail, G. C. Hoffman.
Corporals
Supply Corporal, B. R. Finch; Corporal of Music Detail, J. M. Merriell; Lance Corporal of Music Detail, S. E. Craigmile; Corporal of Equipment Detail, P. E. Brown; Corporal of Chair and Rack Detail, C. E. Fauber; Corporal of Percussion Detail, W. J. Ford; Corporal of Quarters Detail, H. E. Katterjohn; Corpofal of Publicity Detail, W. A. Spraker; Corporal of Technical Detail, H. F. Smith; Corporal Drum Major, W. J. Kolacek.
Trumpeters
Chief Field Trumpeter, in charge of training field trumpeters, P. M. Patterson; Principal Field Trumpeter, R. R. Brown; First Field Trumpeter, W. E. Tschopp; Second Field Trumpeter, K. F. Dull. WBAA
11:00
Musi&
11:16
The Little Red School House
of the Air
11:30
Music
11:60
Purdue News
12:00
Ag. Forum
12:16
Sports Review
12:30
Meet the Band
12:46
Markets
1:00
Drama of Food
1:16
Afternoon Melodies
1:30
Better Vision, Jessica Drag-
onette
1:45
Monitor Views the News
2:00
South American Way
2:16
Parade of Business
2:30
Music
3:00
Off the air
6:00
Concert Strings
6:30
Music of the Day
fiagiA. 3 Rural Youth Training ^ooi To Start A-Day Conterence Monday Fourth annual Leadership Training school for rural youth will open at the University Monday oi nextweek. More than 300 farm youth are expected to attend this conference according to C. L. Dyer, head of the department of education of the Indiana Farm Bureau which is sponsoring the conference. Purpose of the conference is to train rural youth in leadership for educationalSvork. Many of those attending will be sent by their local Farm Bureaus. The cost for the four days including board and room at Cary Halls is $7.50. The conference should be well attended since shortage of farm labor has placed much more responsibility on the youth and as a result they are becoming more interested in organized social and educational work. Dyer stated. Monday will be given over to registration, a get acquainted program including a mixer in the evening and speeches by Dean H. J. Reed of the school of Agriculture and C. L. Dyer, Farm Bureau Day is Tuesday. Hassil Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau; Larry Brandon, secretary, and Larry Williams, director of sales for the Farm Bureau insurance companies, will speak to the group. Special dramatics and musical entertainment will also be included on the pro-
gram.
Wednesday is Purdue Night with Assistant Dean V. C. Freeman in charge. A talent program has been scheduled with representatives of various youth groups participating. A farewell party and dance climaxes the Rural Youth Night which is Thursday. The conference closes Friday noon following a luncheon program. Many other events, includmg discu^ion groups, lectures and vesper services have also been planned. Much time has been left for recreation, too, which wiU include song leading, nflery, tennis, swimming, bird tours and folk dancing. Name Committee (Continued from page 1) Secondary-school principals’ work-
shop.
Tuesday-Sunday, July 8-13—^Mu-sic leadership training school. Saturday, July 12 — Graduate theses due. Saturday, July 19—^MusicaF festival—^Indiana state preliminary to* Chicagoland Music Festival, j Monday-Saturday, July 21-26 — Life-Underwriters’ training school. Unit II. Monday, July 21^—^Third series of intensive unit courses begins. Sunday, August 3—Summer session breakfast for graduates. Saturday, 12 M., August 9—^Baccalaureate theses due. Saturday, August 9 — Summer session ends.
Georgia State College for Women recently celebrated its Sdth anniversary.
USED and NEW BOOKS and SUPPLIES for all Summer Session Courses University Book Store Across from the Unionh-^ M. C. “Red” R, W* “Doc” Epple»MR
/ ^
liffjr S) * T ^ ^ ti-(^-YV, Sp^'-i y t' j.
(paqa, /^%ojti£M,
FUd^, Tune 13/1941
£^00mi'
RELAX
ism
There is an old saying that states, “the best things in life are free.” (Don’t quote us we’re not positive.) We are sure, though, that many of the best things in the UINION are free. Such as; • the Game Room • the Puttering Shop • the Music Room • the Lounge • the Browsing Room • the Telephones For a nominal fee, you can enjoy the Billiard Room, Bowling Alleys, Cafeteria, Grill, Chestnut Room, Sweet Shop and the Coffee Shop.
The UNION CLUB is open to permanent and transient guests t^is summer.
The Corner of the Campus-
v<
It
Hundreds
The Purdue Memorial Union plahhed and maintained for you, is to make your school terms more enjoyable, and to give you a chance to relax both body and mind. Consider each visit to the UNION vacation; for that is what it’s for. Enjoy the Union this summer—it’s your’s—USE IT.