H \ I't Ji ' ' ^ '
;* U-
C;.
0'i
i EDIT URGES ( " Students To Attend ' ' ConVO Today
BOILERMAiCEIIf To Meet Washington f
Monday, 7:30
A'k / "'V.,
i- \* y-'if ^■' ■“
ItaifliiM
Esrablithed 1889
y^ii^rtie 55, No. 65
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, December 18,
iM^npower Commission Announces College Plan
iCjiristmas Convo l6 Feature Cantata Mixed Quartets To Sing Carols In Foyers, For Early Arrivals 'i By Katie Howes Kuoierous unusual features will be presented at the UniV6jf«i|jy’s traditional Christmas Convocation in the Music Hall tomorrow evening at 8 in a program scheduled to last slightly dyer one hour. Parents of graduating seniors are particularly to attend the convo which will be open without charge
to the general public.
Prom the time the doors open at 7:15 until the program formally starts, double mixed quartets dressed as 1890 carolers will provide music in the two —-—
lobbies of the Music Hall while fSff eight other vocalists will en- UlIIV6rSliy UtfCrS i^ertain early arrivals in the i^r ^ maih auditorium. These sing- Npuf DF | AUFCO
ers will all be selected membfefs of the Men’s Glee Club and the
Concert Choir.
WogrRm
’ Members of the audience will open ClaSSeS Will Meef' thb program with a general carol -r . . si6fe led by Albert P. Stewart, direc- TWlCC Each Week tor of the musical organizations, ac- ,,, , , , , , Comianied by Arthur Jacklin. Fol- brought home to the Idling that will be a twenty-minute medley of Christmas music by the ilhivetsity orchestra and then the C , the 250-voice University f expected of hinging the cantata, “When f^e't'me. As a result this Chrtrt Child Came” by Joseph f W.Tlokey, a native of Indiana. fitness the department of Physical ‘ ^' ' ' , . , Education for Women is offering a
course in Physical Fitness for
sbdtha'lh’asenu-dramatized setting
■ effects and completed the regular gym requireWhiib ^mbmfes modern and tradi- jjy University, tionhl harmonies, will include as ^ „»
Bill Kennedy, baritone; Bill
Morgan, tenor; Betty Wedge, alto; ^h's will provide systematic Virgipi^ Uli^ey, soprano; Barbara physical activity for these upper(She CONVO, page 2) classmen" with the course consist-
ing of conditioning exercises aimed
1^ g 1 ■ ll I P’^’i’^'^nrily towaid developing all r 6l6rS0n., AQriCLfllUrdl around strength and endurance. * The classes will meet Mondays and p |i I Wednesdays, 01'Tuesday and Thui’sl#OnStlliani, AQOlcSSuS days at 4 p. m. and will be classified
as PEW 67, meeting for a full hour
FfGSllllldn StudOntS scheduled period and carry-
University Choir
Receive
PIA Will Announce
New Officers At Will Convene
^9
Copies Of Debris Jiny Hill Dance HereJan.11-13
To Women Students
mg one semester hour of credit.
,y. S. Petcison, agricultuial con- The Physical Education departsulWuit of the DuPont Extension Di- ’^’cnt states that this will be a vision, addressed the freshman agii- highly flexible program. Students so cultural students yesterday morning desiring will be given insti actions at the bi-weekly agricultural as- >« methods of piesentmg exercises scmbly held in Agricultuial Hall. so that college women can assume Mr. Peterson, a giaduate of Kan- leadership in the nation-wide physsas State College, spoke on the im- leal fitness program. The class will portance of farm commodities in the be adapted to the wants of the enmanufacturing of present day stta- I’olled uppei classmen offering any tegic materials. Peteison was or as many spoits as the students brought here in cooperation with the desire. No gym uniform will be reIndiana Chemurgic Council. quired. “Continue Studies” Extra Credit Possible In his address, he urged that stu- Students may also receive Physdertts continue their studies as long leal Fitness ciedit by register mg as possible. “There is never an ex- for the PEW 67 course and then atcess Of trained thinkers, either in tending any of the regular courses Wartime or in peace time,” Peterson offered to sophomores. Extia credit sa'id. have no faith m people who may be leceived m any of these sit dTPUml saying theie’s nothing to courses offered to junior s and live for; the war has destroyed ev- seniors by extia reading, crythitig. The world of tomoriow The depaitment hopes that all %<'|ll,'be better: it will need trained women students will take adirtcn.” vantage of this war citizenship pioPptersOn outlined the impoitance gi-am in which college women are Of farm products in producing mate- being given the opportunity to lead rials necessary today. “Agriculture the way m communities throughout js-dbipg more in this war than pro- the country. For further mfoimadh'^in^ food,” he said. Peteison tion legarding the Physical Fitness ' showed several products made from program, girlo may discuss the piofarm materials. Among them were gram with Prof. Helen Hazelton, smokeless powder, a material to re- head of Physical Education depaitplace kapok, camphor, movie films, ment, at registration,
cellophane, microfilm (used foi “V-
mail”). plastic celluloid, plastic D J T
masks for welders, and plastic ham- MJallU I U I lUIIUi
mors used to bend aluminum. Oi es- , A j, f\ *
pecial interest to the “eds” were jGIUOTS At LJltinGF
plastic poker chips. Peteison showed
drawing instiuments made of cellu- In oidei to honor graduating lose, a basic farm product. Synthetic members of the University Military rubber and many innumerable sup- Band a banquet will be held tomoiplies are also made from farm com-. row evening at 6 p m. at Lincoln inodities. Lodge. The dinner is an annual Use Imagination affair held by membeis of the UniPeterson urged the students veisity's “All Anteiican” ensemble, to use imagination. “Everything is Following the meal individuals the product of imagination. All in- from the band’s lanks will present novations are first imaginations.” a program of enteitainment Movies He ended his speech by reminding of the band taken at the home footthe students that people who had ball games this''sea.son will highnew ideas were often teimed crazy, light the enteitainment. Following which brought to thought the sign the movies theie will be several of DuPont’s Research Laboratory: musical numbers by soloists and by “You don’t have to be crazy to work some of the recently organized here, but it suiely helps.” biass and woodwind sextets.
Yearbooks Distributed Todayr Tomorrow; Underdassmen Receive Books Next Semester
All copies of the Debris now available will be distributed to graduating seniors today and tomorrow. Even though only seniors will receive their copies this afternoon and tomorrow, the supply available for distribution will be too short to insure
fulfillment of all orders before the seniors leave.
Copies of the annual will be mailed to the seniors who are unable to receive their books today and tomorrow because of — the delayed printing. The CAitalA Will niclrikiifn yearbooks will be mailed to the jeilaie Will l/IMlIDUie directory address of the grad-
. uates, and in case that address
Ldst AnnOUnC6lll6lltS changed, the person
should notify the Debris office this
Y ^ ■ T J week. 10 3@ni0rS lOCl9y More Distribution Later
Other puichasers of the book will
Sehior announcements for giad- receive their copies next semester uation exercises will be distributed at registration. Underclassmen who for the last time today in the office will not return to school after this of the Student Senate between 4 semester will have their Debris and 5 p. m mailed to fhem during the next seArrangen;ents foi the graduation mester. They should also notify the exercises for seniors have been business office of a change in their made and aie as follows, all candi- directory address. Seniors receiving dates must be in the Armory in their annuals this afternoon or toacademic costume by 1:10 p. m. morrow must present either their Sunday afternoon The north check passports or their sales receipts to room in the ground floor lobby of obtain their books, the Music Hall will be open for use Complete Payments at 12:30. Tables v/ill also be pro- persons whose annuals must vided in the Armory where coats be mailed should see that they have and other belongings may be left completed all partial payments as at the owner’s risk. ^be copies will not be shipped until Enter Main Lobby the full pi ice has been paid. Column formations will proceed It is probable that a limited numf 10111 the Ariiioiy around the Music bci of copies of the yearbook will be Hall, mounting the main steps of available next semester for the price the Executive building and thence of $6.00 Those persons interested into the main lobby of the Music may sign a preference list in the ofHall to then seats fice now The business office will be In case of severe cold or stormy open today and tomorrow from 4 unweather the seniors will move di- til 5:30 p. m. to make the necessary rectly to the Music Hall through aiiangements and payments,
the band entrance Coats may be worn over gowns for the march to
seats for the exercises
Guest seat tickets must be pie- fin sented at the doois ol the lower AnrAtlAinV VARIIIIiar lobby ol the Music Hall since the HyiwUUIlly JCIIIIimi entrance through the Executive Agronomy debuilding IS reserved for the senior p,. piocession weekly seminar Monday, December
21, in room 201 of Agricultural Hall
AWS Installs Vaughan - "irynefct
»f U. S Department of Agriculture,
Ac PfACinAIlf f Af on/“The Status of the
Vance W\\\ Speak At
"4,
of Agiiculture and has been occupied in the study of the coin borer lor a number of years, particularly in Ohio and thioughout the corn
belt
Euiopean Com,Borer in 1942 ”
A A J Air OA 1 Vance is employed in the Bureau Associated Women Students, coed „ „ , ^ l ^ , , ,, .of Entomology or the Depaitment
governing body on the campus, has just announced and installed the following coeds as officers • Mabel Vaughan, president; Carol Roblee, secietaiy; Joan Thompson, tieasuiei; Lois Veit, lunior repiesentative; Mary Lou Sternberg and Betty
Murphy, sophomore representatives P/ /\3PP3 Phi
The standing committees will be * *
headed by Martha McCulloch, Ginny . . . social fraternity, announces Warren, Barbara Heide, Doris Dom- the initiation of the following men: bey, Judy Jones, Mary Lou Stem- Thomas R Brown, FortWayne; Jerberg, Jean Thompson, Barbara Cui- ly A Holman, Valley Stroams, N. ly, Ginny Goss, Carolyn Wilbur and Y.; Carroll C. Martindell, Western Margaret Meltzer Springs, 111 ; Leslie M. Millholin, Judicial Board Members Maywood, III; Richard B Rydin, Judicial board representatives are Chicago, 111 ; Donald E. Shaw, Paik Mabel Vaughan, Dot Cornthwaite, Ridge, III, and James A. Sudduth,
Virginia Lee McDonald, Beth Lud- Whitefish, Wis.
berg, Betty Wedge, Faye Gumper, Officers chosen for next semester Jean Crane and Barbara Voglesang. aie A E. Reynolds, archon; W. J. The executive committee of rep- Badger, treasurer; G. J. Ouerman, lesentative activities IS composed of secietaiy; T. R. Brown, historian; Dorothy Ragsdale, Debris; Sally S. L Chapin, chaplain; E. M. Beall, Exponent; Ruth Frier, Stu- Swarts, warden; D. E. Shaw, bookdent Union; Gail Hennis, WAA; keeper; K. E. Dettling, member-at-Francis Smith, president of house large; and F. C. Wise, house manPresident’s Council, ager.
All tROs To Receive Semester Deferment Pres. Elliott To Give Full Explanation At Convocation In Music Halt Today Official confirmation was received from Washington officials yesterday concerning plans for calling up students in enlisted reserves and utilizing college training facilities to provide technical training for men in the armed services. Dr. Elliott, recently returned from his post in Washington as Head of the Division of Professional and Technical Training of the War Manpower Commission, announced last night that all stitdenie, freshmen and sophomores itt- ^ 'ij " _ eluded, in Army Enlisted ReKfOuTGiGnCG serves, would have the opptMP-
tunity to finish at least one more semester at the Univer-
sity.
Elliott has been workisif with a committee of educators
New omce. of PIA w,,, be pee- Janeafp U .be fertp
sented tonight at the annual PIA first annual state-wide Agricultural ^ w Winter Dance which will feature Conference will convene on the Uni- oRoLomen in u^form Tiny Hill and hie orchestra from varsity campns for a three-day pro- i'J^rhr, ih. ^ 8:30 to 11:30 in both Union ball- gram which has been streamlined “rougnout tne nation, rooms. and modified to conform to wartime To Speak At 10 In contrast to the usual formality According to Prof. W. F. He will speak in the Music H«rtl ftt of the dance, the one tonight will Graham, superintendent of Short 10 this morning, at which tfmc ^ include such ’oddities as a scale at Courses and Exhibits in the School will explain the purpose of tbe plaii the door to weigh each coed as she Agriculture, the theme for this and its anticipated effect on the
enters. The price of admission for conference will be “Food for -University.
non-PIA couples will then be one Victory.” The entire program has The Ai-my’s program specify cent per pound of coed plus ten designed to give the 200,000 that students enrolled in ahy 1^ cents tax. PIA members will be ^^rmers of Indiana real and actual Enlisted Reserves will be catted;^ nHinittofi oo nf niinro-o instfuctlon in effective methods foF sometime after the end of _ increasing food production. semester ending in April, Corny Tiny revision of this year’s pro- These men will be taken ifitd ■K& The lucky (or unlucky) couple gram has necessitated the inaug- Army as privates to receive ahoht whose combined weight is more uration of new features and the con- three months general traitiittk. than Tiny Hill’s widely publicized sequent elimination of many of the They will be given screening^ aitd 366 pounds will also be admitted old. This year the Rural Entertain- aptitude tests, and those' free. Known as “America’s Biggest ment Festival, one of the more pop- qualified will be returned to Band Leader,” Tiny has become ular attractions in the past, has in uniform, with pay, apf thid^ famous through such “corny” fea- been replaced by the Farm and military discipline to receive further ture numbers as “Angry,” “Don’t Safety Forum and meetings of intensified training. The itfifiVidLet Julia Fool Ya,” and “Two Ton State Associations. Twenty-two uaTs aptitudes and previous; edU(i^ Tessie.” state agricultural and home eco- tion will be given consideration hi Tiny Hill’s band lacks the drab nomics organizations are expected determining his further coubsU of
uniformity of costume that usually to attend the new sessions. study,
mark band members at a dance. Off-Campus Speakers Screening Tests During a lecent engagement on th^ According to Professoi* Gi'aham At the termination of the Specialwest coast Tiny and his orchestra Govei-nment hqs as- b® given to th,^ were outfitted by one of the coast ^ returned to college—depending on tailois. While Tiny was selecting signed 10 midwestern states the results of the screening tests'—qu^ilthe material for his own clothes, he task of furnishing 60 per cent of the {fled men will be sent to was unable to make up his mind as food which will be required in the Candidate School, others will lis to what material pleased him the successful prosecution of the war recommended for technical
most He finally chose the one that he enjoyed the most, but then and
there, the idea of letting each band During the course of the confermember select his own suit struck ence, 99 off-campus speakers will apuuTu, Pcac before the various participator , fTtL c • iiig groups. Each of these men is a
, arie } s c pice specialist in his particular field. One . +i, s jr i** ,,, Following this episode, the bands- principal speakers contract- * - ^ faculties &6A
men were permitted to choose what- meeting is Dr. O. B. Jescver they pleased in the line of Division of Agi-icul-clothing, and when all the suits ^yral Economics at University of were completed, the result was a Minnesota, whose subject will be distinctive group of individually of Agriculture During the
tailored musicians, and the effect War.”
of “sameness” was gone. por Banquet
An interesting event of the conference will take place when the meat of the Univex-sity 1941 International Livestock Grand Champion Steer, Loyal Alumnus IV, is
served on the banquet table of the awards to the three Senior Carets Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Asso- making the highest tactics grades ciation. Loyal Alumnus has traveled in ROTC were announced yeetftEextensively, being exhibited in day. Winner of first place w^s Cadfit
I nllPflP ifllflPnl^ every state in the Union during the Colonel Alfred L. Jackson, a Vvllvyw JIIIUvlli4 under the auspices of in the school of Chemical Engfne61^
Firestone Tire and Rubber Com- ing. Second place weilt tq pany. Colonel Harvie M. Merrill, seikqr
in the school of Chemical Eul^ihel ing, while third place was takqff ;
Cadet Captain Frank
worth, a senior in the schobl
Electrical Engineering.
Colonel Donald M. Beerc, Piro-
... , . , , Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the fessor of Military Science and 'f«LCwhethei giaduate oi undeigrad- jj^igion of education and applied tics at the University, preaeiltad ® . psychology of the University, has each of the three men with a wrist No student is lestricted as to the collaborated in the prepaiation of watch in recognition of tftfiir numbei of poems he may submit, two new text books, “Arithmetic for achievement. The Frank M. Cssy but no single poem should be more the Emergency” and “Mathematics Cup for having made the highest than 60 lines in length. The fiim l/as fox- the Emergency,” which have grade in Gunnery during his junior required that all manuscript’s recently been published by Scott, year was also awarded to Csdet which are bubmitted for the anthol- Foresman and Co., as work books Colonel H. M. MeiTill. ogy should be typewritten or legibly to prepare high school students to More Awards ’ handwritten on one side ol the nxeet Army, Navy, and industrial Other awards presented hy paper only requirements. Colone Beeie included the Pratok The deadline for manuscripts is q_ m. Ruch, Chief of the Research M. Cary cup for the senior nuikitlg Januaiy 30, 1943, and verses may ^rid Statistical Service, U. S. Oifice the highest grade in militafy hJsbe submitted at once. They should of Education, and J. W. Studebaker, tory this term which went to Cadet be addressed to Editor, College u. S. Commissioner of Education, Colonel Robert E. Gohert, a senior Poetiy Anthology, Harbinger collaborated with Di-. Knight on in the school of Mechanical 6n8d* House, 381 Fouith Avenue, New fVie former book, while C. J. Lapp, neering. To Cadet Colonel A. V York City, and each entiy must be head of the department of mathe- Jackson, the American accompanied by return postage. matics. Navy Pre-Flight School, Auxiliary Department of A folder giving complete in- University of Iowa, and H. L. Rietz, awarded $20.00 in cash for the atd* formation concerning the anthology professor of mathematics, Univer- dent having the most oittsiendhlir may be obtained by writing to the sity of Iowa, assisted him in his record in ROTC activities above addi ess. work on the latter text. his career in the University*
commissioned officer ratings ahd still others will be returned to the
troops.
The Army will contract with selected colleges which have adequate housing, messing and training facS-
facilities. Army officers will be |>rd-
(Sec MANPOWER, page 2)
Foi those stay-at-homeis who wish to listen to some of the music of the dance, WBAA will broadcast directly from the bandstand for onehalf hour from 9:00 to 9:30 p. m.
Colonel Beere Presents Six
Military Awards
Winners of the Albert Smith
Poetry Contest Opens For Colleqe Students Work on the compilation of an anthology of poetry by American college students has begun,'and the volume will be published early in the spring The book, to be published by Harbinger House of New York, is to be cntiiely composed of verse wiitten by college students,
whetl uate
Dr. Knight Helps Write Two New Math Textsmmm
■'ff
Purdue Exponent
Friday, December 18, 1942
Exponent ^ OHiciis: Cdil-ora^l ^nd Business f^urdue Memorial Union, ^hone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone Z79Z ■ Editorial Phone After 10 p. m,, 5377
Editor BOsinosS Mnnaircr News Editor ManaKine Editor Senior Advert.sioB ManoBer iSpatts Editor Coed Editor -Cacd Bwsincss Bxecotiic
Wiliiam G. Hoskins Gerhard H. Klouman Robert W. Boswinkic Dale E. Butz .Tames A. Petty Joseph S. Dawson Sally Bcaii A. Jane Keim
Publication Staff Editorial Staff ...ate Editors: B. ,1. Cnjior, J. T. Richarrison, T. L. Tilton, . H. Pyson. W. L. Virmilion, M, L. Smith, C. C. Martint, d^l, ^ Mtmrhy. Coed Staff: Phyllis Mann, Martha Lee Rigits, Carolyn Wilbur, Elaine Ahrens. Sports Staff: C. Sowards, J Ackerman, D. Shryer, R. Smith.
*^1
Business Staff Advertising Manftfrer: J. Filpi. Advertiiitnir Manajrcrs: J Floxoti, C. Gaunt, J. McCullough, J. Tabb. Circulation Manager: "W. RecktcP^Mild Accounts Manager: Mary Dilfe. •
The Purdue Independent
Editor-in-Chief
Bert Squier
Staff For This Issue Night fidiinr: Smith Sports Editor: Ackerman Day Editor: Issue Editor: Tyson - Warkers; Stephenson, \V:nsloA\. Howes, Donham. Helffrich, Abbelt, Forsythe, Spe^k. Entered as second cla.ss malt r at the ))ost olHce m Lafayette. Indiana, und<r the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate ol postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 3. 1917. authorixc'd January 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday. Thursday. Friday and Sunday mornings during the yeai. Delivered locally bv currier for .$1.75 for a seme*:ter or $8.00 for two vcmc^-teis, by mail for $2.00 for a semester or $3.50 for two semostn*s. Reprohented for national adv criming bv National Advertising Service Itic., College Publi'^hers Rtpresentalives, 420 Madison Avc . New York, N. Y.
§eJwjujL StAipsA, John S. Brown . . . former University .student, was lecently appointed a Naval Aviation Cadet and was transferred to the Naval Air Station, Pensacola, Fla., for flight training. Last May, he was sent to the Naval Reserve Aviation Base in Glenview, where he successfully completed the elimination training com so late in August.
Shaper Of Destinies Every Purdue student, regardless of sex, should consider it his duty to himself, to the University and to his future to hear President Elliott this morning. His talk will undoubtedly concern inevitable phases in the lives of every man and woman in the University, whether they are in the draft, the enlisted reserves, or plan to continue in the University in any capacity whatsoever. The Manpower Commission’s program for college training will change the entire countenance of most of the country’s universities, and especially Purdue, whose educational and housing facilities served as a model for the entire proposed system. Nearly all students will have the ojiportunity to finish the coming semester. But that semester must be spent in preparing for inevitable induction into the armed forces— or, for the coeds, into some phase of civilian or military life where her talents will be most beneficial to the war effort. Fraternity and sorority life and all social aspects of University life will have to undergo drastic changes. Student extra-curricular activities will have to be curtailed—some will succumb, and others will probably have to be carried on by coeds. * Elliott is the man with the plan for our future. He has been identified with the universities’ place in the war since the time when it was discovered that universities did have a place in the current scheme of things. He has been instrumental in the development of the college war training program which is scheduled to go into effect almost immediately. Elliott has advised us before, and we have not found his counsel wanting. Again today, w'e have the opportunity to see the shape of things to come through the eyes of one who knows.—w.g.h.
10:00 A.M. 4:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 8:00 P.ilk. 8:30 P.M.
9:30 A.M. 12 :(j0 noon 7:00 P.M. 8:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M. 8:30 ^.M. 8:30 P.M. 9:00 P.M. 8:30 P.M.
\Vai' Con VO—President Elliott. Cosmopolitan Club Meeting Sigma Nu Dinner and Dance Playshop—For Seamen Officers and Nava! School . Phi Delta Theta Dance
PIA Dance
Saturday, December 19
SENIOR CLASSES END Music Oiganizaticns
Agr. Econ. Marketing Group Signm Pi Sigma Initiatio’.i
Christmas Convocation
Mixer ...
Sigma Alpha Mu Dance Westminster Co-op Dance Phi Mu Radio Dance Lambda Chi Alpha Dance.
Hall of Music Room 304, Union
E. & W. Fac. Lgc., Union
. ..Eliza Fowler Hall
Chapter House
South Ball oom. Union
■West Cal'eteiia ,
.. Old Chestnut Rm., Union W. Faculty Lgc., Union
Hall of Music
South Ballroom, Union
Chapter House
House
Rms. 365-363, Union Chapter House
ibt JhL
Convo
West Lafayette Baptist Church Columbia St. at Chauncey 9:30—Roger Williams Foundation morning class. 10:36-7-Christmas service. Solo by Ivah Gruver Price; Choir singing “God So Loved the World” by Stainer. Solo by Virginia Ulrcy. Seimon by the pastor, “Th.e True Meaning of Christmas”. 5:30—Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour and supper. 7:00—All are invited to the wedding in the chmeh. 7:30-—Chin ch School Chi istmas pageant, “The Child Christ”. 8:30'—Caroling by the Foundation for all shut-ins.
It’s A Tough Job . . .
Fraternity Members Pay High Tribute To University Campus Housemothers
It is 11:45 p. m. A yell resounds through our house, through the open windows, and out into the street. “Get out of my room! Hold your bull sessions in another room—I have four preps tomorrow and I don’t have time to fool around with you joes!” Lying quietly in her room below, our housemother is awakened from a sound sleep by loud voices, clattering footfalls on the stairs, and the blare of the i adio-phonograph as the 2,5 index see'kers resume their know-it-all stories in the living room to escape the iie of fellow housemates who have a yen to pull down a 5.2 index. Every night in vaiying degrees the swearing, noise construction and destruction is repeated. All subjects that lie between English and sex are thoroughly discussed. Housemother’s Lot Not Ea.sj The hou-->emothei’s lot is not an (asy one. She realizes that too vehement pi otest will cause great disfavor among ihe boys. Ai^d it is pait
of her job to be as useful as possible at all times. Perhaps this includes being a mediator, too. Our housemother is seized with a flood of conflicting emotions. Should she scold the boys every day at meal time, at hou.‘-c meeting oi privately ? Or should she do a little repiimandiiig and be cheerful, too? Some times she does mention the noises we made the previous night with a lather 'chiding statement, “What was the trouble upstairs last night”, or “Why don’t you fellows rcfiam from sweaiing so much”? Especially Pad Night An especially bad night iva.s this: Our housemothci was awakened fiom .‘-lumber by loud voices and 1 unning feet. She decided to remain in bed and did not turn on the light. As she waited for the storm to subside, something wet struck her in the face. She leaped out of bed and ‘■witched on the light. The ceiling was very wet and water was dripping on the bed. This was too much. Out Oi her room stamped our house-
mothei and straight to the staifs she
went.
“What’s going on up theic’’? she questioned. Sudden silence. “I say, ivhat arc you boy.s doing” ? This time the answ-er came—veiy sheepishly. “Oh, we just hatl a \\ater fight”. Would Like To Spank Some When asked about her impiessions of the goings-on m a studert rooming house, our housemother le-
plied:
“They aie bad boys. Sometimes I think I '-hould like to iuin them across my knee and give them a' spanking. “And then I think about liow' well the boys treat me, and how much they confide in me privately—well, thcy’ie not such bad fellows after all. They are 0. K. by me.” So our houicmolher does get lather provoked at tunes, but m the mam she is as ivillirg as the boys to laugh at the antics of college students, fieshmen and otherwise.
Navy News Donald W. Hart, Y3c Despite the fact that then time is taken up by training for \iai, and with December 25th still seven dajs away, the Chi istmas spiiit has manifest it.self among the trainees of ihe Naval Trainirg School, Unbi known to cfflceis of the activity, membei.-: of C'ompan.\ 6, vho started their training heie last month, ‘started a parade of nickels and djmes which lesulted in a total collection of 820. Tlien repiesentatives of the company maiched into the office of the company commander, Ensign Lee Somer.^, and turned the fund over to him with the request that it be pi-esented to Lafayette’s Christmas fund for underprivileged children. When infoimed that because ot lack of need the fund was not in effect this yeai, the company voted to split the .820 bet ween the Navj Club and the United Service Oiganizatioiis, two local units wliich have done much towaicl making the lives of Lafayette’s Naval peisonnel more pleasant.
Manpower
Acacia
. . . .social fiatcrnity, announces tlje iiiitiation of the following: Wayne K. Price, Monticello, Ind,; Paul T. Homsher, Kendallville, Ind.; James R. Cochran, LaPorte, Ind.; Jake Coyner, Colfax, Ind.; George M. Palmer, Bluefleld, West Virginia; Frank S. Alexander, W. Lafayette, Ind,; Lane Bookwalter, City, Ill.; Claude J. Mounsey, Bluffton, Ind.; David C. Burns, Frankfort, Ind.
(Conlimied from page 1) vided to administer the program, and courses' will be prescribed by the Aimy. Many dormitories, lesidence halls and fraternities will be utilized under this plan pioviding the buildings meet with Army standards. The new college training plan, linown cfficially as the “Army Specialized Tiaining Piogram,” will oft'ei the same oppoi tuiiities to noncollege men in the armed forces. These men will take the same scieening tests, and _will leceivc college tiaining if qualified. This also applies to college men taken by Se’ecfivc Seivice -N'aij Plan The jilan to be lollowed by the Navy, Marine Corps and Coast Guaid will offer c.^sentially the same oiipoitunities and fields of tiaining at the colleges as the Aimy's piogiam. At a (late to be announced later, liowevci, V-1, V-5 and V-7 rese' \ ibts ein died in college as undei - giaduates will be placed on active duly as apprentice seamen with full jiay, .subsistence and uniforms. .\ssignmeiitb V/hen these men aic placed on mtive duty they ivill be assigned as loliows; ab of July 1, 1913, thobc who have conqileled six oi' seven seme.steib may complete tw'o or one additional semcbtei's; those who ha\e comijleted five bomesteis w'ill be allowed to conqilete two inore bciueiiteib, those who have completed loin semehteib will be allowed thiec additional sernesteis; tliobe who have coindeled thiee semesteib will he allowed foui additional semester.s, and tho.se wlio
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus: Radiation Laboratorj, M. I. T., Cambridge, Mass. — December 18. Interested in Physicists and EE. Sign in Personnel Office. Soconj-Vacuum Oil Compaii), New' York—December 18. Interested in Chemistiy and Chemical Engi-
neers.
Spartan .Vircraft Companj . Tulsa, Okla.—Interested in Dccembei and Apiil AeioE. Sign in Personnel Office by Fi’iday, Dec. 18. Calco Chemical Di\., American Cyanamid Companj, Round Brook, N. J.—Interested in Chemical Engineers, Chemists. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, Dec. 17. -Mallinckrodt Chemical Works, St. Loins, Mo,—Interested m Dec. and A])r. ME. For further information, see Dr. Shreve, C & M Bldg. have completed one or Iw'o semesters will he allowed a program of five Ol four more semesters. The courses w'hich these men w’lll follow will be oiillmcd by the Bureau of Naval Personnel, and w'ill bo administered at an institution designated by the Navy. Navy Rcscrvc.s To Graduate Students enrolled in acci edited engineering colleges w'ho are in the Navy Rc.servcs ivill he allowed to graduate legardleses of what semester they aie in at the present. As soon as V-1, V-5 oi V-7 students aie jilaced on active duty they will be required to spend full time on the iirescribed course of study. 'i'hose in V-5 may be defeirod tiom assignment to specific aviation cadet training until completion
of next somesler.
University Presbyterian Church North St. Near Grant 9:30—Sunday School. 10:30—Morning Woiship. Mr. Findley w’lll give a scimon with a Christmas theme entitled, “Confuming the Vision”, “Yuletido Echoes” by Hodson, “Ave Maria” by Schubert and “Joy to the World” will be the organ selection. There w ill be no service eithei D-cember 27 or January 3. 0:00—Sunday EMiiing Club. Wesley Foundation 9:30—Student Church School. The entuo student piogiam w il’ be devoted to a Chnstmas piogram. The story and inLerpiclalion behind the great eaiol “Silent Night. Holy Night” will be piescnled. 10:40—Moiniiig Woiship Sciwe at the Church. Dr. Steele will preach on the theme: “Great Expectations”. Special Christmas music will be fuinished by the choir. 5:30—Wesley Vespers. The vesper service this evening will begin with fcllow.-.liip and fun, followed by a Cluistmas caiol lehearsal after w'hich the sick and shut-in will be carolled. At 9 p. m. the “carollers” will retiiin foi supper and icfreshments. Every Purdue students is invited to any or all of these services. Purdue Christian Foundation Sundaj Program At Lafayette Christian Church 9:30—Student Class. Prof. Frank Hall will speak on the subject, “Imperialism vs. World Christianity ” 10:40—Church Worship Serviee. The Christmas message will be preached by the Rev. Doyle Mullen. Regular communion service, -4t 131 S. Grant 6:00 (note change in lime)—15c
Slipper.
6:30 — Sunday Evening Foium program, minus the lecreatioii
period.
7:30—Chii.Amas Paity. J’ho 25c chaige W'ill be placed in a fund to buy flhristmas )>rosoiits and dinner foi the 1)001 frniily lo whom \,c supply milk. .VI \ e'eoinc Jor ; meriy time. 9:30—Christmas Caroling. Bettoi make a reseivation with Don Smith (2798) if you w'anl a iidc. Hot chocolate will be served follow ing the caroling.
(Con Li lined from page 1) Heide, contialto, and Trent Knepper, baiitone, wdth Virginia McCarty acting as narrator. Cantata Story The w'l’iter of the cantata is Dean of Fine Arts at Miami University and has based his music on a fairy tale w’ith biblical background of the Chi istmas story. The theme of it is simple: when the Christ child comes to eailh, despite the pleas of i-he angels, he tirds many things which need his care; for instance, a crying child and a barking dog. When the death angel is sad because he knows the little Loid must die, he is told to be glad instead because the Lord has ceme to an earth that needs him. Orchestral Pieces The orchistia undci the direction of Joseph M. Ragains w'ill picsont two selections dinin'> ih'c pcifovmanco which include “Kamennoi-Os-tiow” liy Rubinstein and the “Spiut of Christmas" by Rcibold.
The press releases have been telling us for the last few days that Admiral Harlan, former commander-in-chief of the Vichy armed forces, and now high commissioner of French West Africa for the Allies, has been reitei'ating his ambitions, or, as the case may be, the lack of them, as to his status after the war. Harlan told newsmen the other day at a press conference in his luxurious country home that —7^ his sole purpose now is “to save events could not be taken as an piFrench Africa help free dication of Japanese withdrawal un- , ,, ’ . • i, less the enemy had decided to move France and then retire 0 pi - better bases. The most likely exvate life with the hope that the pianation given in army circles is future leaders of France may that those Jap planes that were nobe selected by the French people and where in evidence in these attacks by no one else.” This .statement may be now at a new basa somebrought a gieat deal of bewilder- where in the 1 islands,' massed for ment and disbelief in the London another big drive against perhaps new.spapcrs, and they attempted to the Solomans. Just because the Solcxplain the possible significance of omans haven’t made the headlines this report to the Biitish people. On for the past few' days' doesn’t mean the whole, it is reported, that the the situation is not still very danBritish think Veiy little of the truth gerous.
in the Admiral’s statement.
Phi Mu
. . . social bOiOiiU. announces the election of the lollowmg officers; Dons Speakc, prcbiclcnt; Annie Ruth Stii’son. fiist vice-pres-ident; Pat Huber, second vicc-pies-ideiit; Iiene Shuster, .secieLaiy; Marjoiic Pabst, treasurer; Joanne Embiey, assistant treasiuei; Piiscilla Call', chaplain.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
WANTA TINKER? equipment all at EDGERTON HDW. INC. E. W. VanMetcr, Pres.
5 DAYS * Slashing Tomonow
Fighting on the Russian front seems to be at a stalmate. Neither the Russians nor the Germans are able to make much headway, though both armies are constantly jockeying around for the proper conditions that will make for a successful offensive. The Russians have reported new gains, but the Germans are just as emphatic about Ihcir gains as the Russiirs. If wc wcic to believe each of the two countiies’ leports, the armies of both would be almost extinct and there would hardly be enough fiist class fighting men left to fig’nt on a five hundred mile fiont much 1q.=s ore cf
fifteen hundied miles.
When U. S. pianos sti uck at Bum, a Japanese base on the soiithcastein tip of Bougainville Island, about 275 mile.s Irom Guadalcanal, a short time ago, observers noted an amaz>ing lack of resistance. The same thing also occuiied at Munda. a Jap base on New' Georgia Island. These
Phi Kappa
zu
immm TODAY and TOMORROW aioeioys romance OF THE SHOW WORLD!
19 great songs ^1,000 heartthrills !
iWIIYOAI
i'l George MURFHY * Gene mu Marta EGGERTH • Ben BEOE | Screen Play by Richard Sherman, FredPInlclehoff< and Sid Silvers • Original Story by Howori Emmett Rogers
SERVING Ihe LADIES of Ihe REALM... “BOND STREET’: Toilet Water • Matching the glorious fragranco of its famous predecessor .. ."BOND STREET" Perfume..."BOND STREET" Toilet Water carries on in a great family tradition! . . . convoying all the distinctive qualities of its forebearsl Notable among all colognes for its elusive charm . . . quiet, wellbred, yet sparkling with excitement and gaiety . . . "BOND STREET" Toilet Water Is on asset to any occasion. But don't wait for a party to try it. Come in today. Especially if you would like to feel a little superior to everyone elsolj Yiirdlcy pioclurtt for \incii(ri / ma aro ticalod in Hiigland ninl / Vghff finlbhtjfl in tho U H A liom ' * ^ tha Oiii'lnui EngliHh hotnui ] Ki, (uinlninni' iiniHnliMi ,uul ilomcstiu jiigicdlrnls
. . . social frateinity, announces the initiation of Dominic Massimilian, Niagara Falls, N. Y.; Leland McCabe, Park Ridge, 111.; Arthur Stepplcr, Evansville; and John Rounke, Joliet. Officers for next semester arc Robert Gallogly, president; John Dolson, vice-president; Robeit Scelze, secretary; Robert Scymanski, treasurer.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
featuring HARIETT HILLIARD and KEN MURRAY — AND —
"PERl’i-S CF NYOKA" L/TEST PATHE NEWS
MAli
-TODAY - TOMOROW— DOUBLE FEATURE
A NEW WARNER BROS. HIT, with JANE BRODERICK “ JACK MAN’CRAWFORD-CARSON
Plus
DOWN ARGENTINE WAY IN TECHNICOLOR with DON AMECHE BETTY GRABLE
STARTS MIDNJTE PREVUE SAT. 11:15
oil's G osh'Cavalcade cf .Melody ’’tvv.
-a t M
University Calendar
last Looking Around
. \
Friday, December 18
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
■ ^ UIftiday, December 18^ 1942^
BoHermaker Sports
j %
Riveters Travel To South Bend For Irish
Washingtoln Five Meets RivOfer NettersMonday
Aquacade Banquet Sees Presentation
Upon returning home after their battle with the Irish of Notre Dame tomorrow evening, the Boilermakef netters will be called upon to defend their reputation on their home floor for the third time this season when the Washington University Bears of St Louis invade the Fieldhouse Monday at 7 30 p m Although they are undefeated in the two games already played at home, the Riveters ■ will be forced to rely on all the times thioughout- the contest was scoring power that they have thing that kept the Hill
available if they intend to keep the home slate clean The
Bears boast one of the leading fives in the Missouri Valley Confei
e^ce
^ake Opener v
In, their initial contest of the sea
that they maintained
Darnton Captain
The Washington team, coached by Bob Kinnan is made up of two fieshmen, two sophomores and a senioi Jack Dainton, the captain ol the squad is the senioi on the
sbn the Washington five took the first stung He led the Missouii Missouri School of Mines into camp, Confcience in scoiing last season leading them across the finish line with in aveiage of 14 5 points pei by ten points The Bears jumped contest As a lesult of that fine play into an eaily lead and weie nevei Dainton was unanimously selected headed by the Hilltoppeis at any foi the AH Conference last season, time duiing the game Sloppy ball at the forwaid position In the game handling by the Beais at different (See BASKEBALL page 4)T
IT HikPPEIVEDiVliDER THlB
-because he gave her PHOENIX RAYONS
».aa
And no wonder’ Phoenix Rayons are so exquisite, they’re a perfect compliment to her! beaut}. Just tell us the costume color she wears most, we’ll pick out the exact Phoenix shade for it, and make up a box of one. two, three pairs , , , a lovely giftl
^ ? P 3 Be sure lo give her " ' two or three pairs rayom take longer to dry and sliouH be alternated.
To lound off a highly successful season of festivities an Aquacade get togethei banquet was held last evening foi the vaiious membeis who took pait in the three shows that were offered a few weeks ago Those piesent at the banquet which staited at 6 30 weiC mem beis of the Dolphin Swimming Club the Triton Club the Glee Club and all othei pel sons who took pait in the shows As this was also the spe cial dinnei foi the Dolphin Club the election of the mam officeis was held Dick Smith was named presi dent and Geoige Sodering was elect ed vice piesident foi the coming semestei Glee Club Sings The whole Glee cflub was piesent and they helped to make the evening moie successful by coming foith with a few i enditions of then s Also undci the loadeiship of A1 Stewait the whole gang had group singing Also among the evening s entei tamment weie movies of the Dloiida training trip last yeai Accoiding to various membeis of the swim mmg t“am thise pictuics have to take the place of the annual tiip foi this yeai due to the wai Movies of the noith woods weic also pie
sented
Presentations wcic made at the banquet foi tho=c who helped to put the Aquacade iciosb Miss Russell wis given gitts foi the help she gave vhile Coaeh Dick Papengutli 1 is piesentod with a swimming lobe A swimming tiophy was also gnen lo Ro\ Heidke foi bieaking two uoild s lecoids II Hold Fix sophomoie fiom All on Ohio' who was iCp,aided as on^ ot the bettei piospects foi Michigan s b isketball team this Mintci lias left the squid and will diop tioin school to "O on ictive dull with the Aimj An Coips An ''thei outbt indmg sophomoio Hai old An leibon tiom Stambiugh in Michigan s Upiioi Peninsula maj ilso be lost to the Leim
► Coaches Will Be There Too This moinmg at 10 the gieatei majoiity of the student body will be listening to President Elliott at the special convo at the Music Hall Scattered thioughout the audience will undoubtedly be the entire Boilei makei coaching staff from Athletic Directoi Guy Mackey on down We may not lealize it, but these coaches aie just as intedested in knowing the futuie status oi the students here at Puidue as we aie ^ May Change Entire Setup Since the atrack on Pearl Harboi a year ago these men have been forced to revise and sometimes completely altei pievious plans as to sporting activities because of the loss of key men to the aimed foices Theiefoie these coacli|es will be vitally mteiested in what President Elliott has to say this morning since any change foi the worst will definitely lowei the status of collegiate athletics not only heie but
throughout the eountiy
► Every Sport Has Suffered Since this time last yeai eveiy spoit has suffeied the loss of seveial men eithei due to the diaft oi voluntaiy enlistment Befoie another yeai has lolled aiound this list will undoubtedly be gieatei Piobably the hardest hit has been the tootball team which lost the seivices of seveial
major lettermen this fall
^ Cagers Lose Hoffman Piggy Lambeits basketball team has lost its only senioi Ictteiman Howaid Hoffman to the aimy Hoffman will lepoit within the next week 01 two Most of the lemaining playeis aie in the leseives and will be in school until 9 't‘>> men Giegoiv and Mickey McDonald two membeis of Claude Reeck s Big Ten championship wiestling squad last yeai will not be back foi the opening meet Jamiaiy 9 Giegoiy is now in the aimy and McDonald is piepaiing foi an Ensigns commission at the Naval Academy at Annapolis ^ Phillips Even Suspends Practice Heim Phillips has even suspended indooi ti ick practice until next se mestei because of the unceitainty of the letuin of seveial cindei candi dates Co Captain Bill Bankei out=tanding dash man has a defeiment which is up the fiist of Januaiy Co Captain A1 Jentz one of the finest inileis 111 the Middle West last spiing is veiy iinceitain about liis chances of being aiound foi the fiist meet next semestei ^ All Facing The Same Thing Coiches Diek Papengiith Dutch reining and Dairy Lahiee aie all ficin„ the same 'Jitinlion Howeiei legaidless of whit may come in the futuie the eiitiie coaching =talT will be doing everything within then powei tow lid one eommon end—that of maintaining oi bettei ing the high Boilerm ikci stand iid in Big Ton ind Midwestern athletics
Lambert's Cagers Renew OM Rivallf With Notre Dame Tomorrow Night
By Jim Wendell
Renewing one of the oldest rivalries in basketball, Co0teh “Piggy” Lambert’s five will meet Coach George Keogan’s gnintet from Notre Dame tomorrow evening at South Bend. Not since 1937, when the Irish defeated the Riveters 47 to 40, have
the two teams met
Way back in the 1916-17 season the rivalry between the two schools started, at which time the Boilermakers came ou^ on - - -—. top by the mere score of
Then came many an exclfillg
game when only a
points separated the te^titts^s the guns went off endiii^ ^e battles Such games were iho 39 to 28 lush victory in the cattipaign of 1933 34 and the Riveters' decision of 54 to 40 in 1935-36
Great Lakes Boasts Many
Hardwood Stars
By Scotty Ingersoll
Gieat Lakes Naval Tzaining Sta
Riveters Lead In Victories In eleven of the contests which the
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
If You Want Good Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE & CHAUNCEY
iiPtCO PDiiin mmm
liis Smokers
uscD IN wzcico Pipes, c:3a A’]D GiCARETTE HOLDERS Is \\\ 1 — I'o loiiif il s(. i) t U 1 1 ( till uUd I 1 1 h I ( 1 1 1 1 1 (.1 I ) (I !i n 1 \ ( 1 i \ bn « I ' (I I J 1 1 IV t 'll 1 n 1 I nmi I li imI 1 ( b Ini', 1 ( I 1 1 i ll I th il 1 s 1 >,11 s 1C (t i|)| 1 n 1 11 ( n hh 1 11 i \ do hs M , I iLiinh the I Hci
Boxers Work Out Daily Under Coach Beers Although handicapped seveiely by the ibsenee of oxpeiienced mateiial the Boilei makei boxing squad is steadily developing into n foi mid able outfit Fifteen boj s have been w Diking out d ulj undei the tutelage ol Coach Jim Beeis and aie looking foiwaid to a veij active season Basic Inndamentals such as foot woil defensive stiategy the left jdb md left hook and the one two pun h h ivc been the mam phases oi 1 cxing which h ue been Pisen the mo t t- ei lion to d c This plus loulvoik ind 1 libei ll imount of woil it the punching bag skipping lope ind othei body building equip ment uo giving the hojs exeellent all aiound conditioning PeteDeMaiii Bill Alexandei Ted Oiiens Jim and Bob McMillen and Jick Bhicle aie the most piomising boxeis Coaeh Beeis uiges eveiy boj on the campus who c in come out foi boxing to lepoit to the Field house any ifteinoon iiom 4 30 to 5
tion at Gieat Lakes, 111, js the two schools have played the Riveters largest of its kind m the wOlid Sym have emerged victorious nine time* bohe of its size is the wondeiful As far as total points scored in these baskteball teams they have pi oduced vai lous games the Riveters also lead in the last two yeais This year as as they have dropped 354 markets last yeai they have one of the through the hoop as compared to the stiongest teams in the Midwest It lush’s 277 This does not mean,haWis little wondei that with the collec evei, that the Notie Dame <|uintet tion of the best netmen of the conn jg a setup foi the Boilermakers. 1ft tiy Lt Paul D (Tony) Hinkle has fact it is probably just the Opposffe made a squad to use these individual this yeai as Notie Dame has one Of stais foi the best advantage of the the strongest teams evei asseiAtiled team Pronrthe pick of the ciop at South Bend he has molded a gieat team Against two of the tougher teams Theie aie only two memheib hack in the Midwest this year the Keogan fiom last yeai s squad These aie lads knocked off Northwestern aftd Poirest Andeison and Dick Klein Wisconsin By a nine point margih, Andeison a native of Gaiy wheie the scoie being 53 to 44, the Notrb he played two yeais on the Emer Dame quintet defeated the Wildoais son High School team, hails fiom in Chicago last Saturday this Stanfoid Univeisity In two yeais game, in fact, was played a* a of competition he won an all Pacific double header with the Riveter*De confei enee beith and was fomth in Paul game so the games gave both scoiing Last yeai he scoied 178 Coach Lambert and Coach Keo^kn points foi Glieat Lakes in 33 games a chance to scout each other’s five He is an even six feet tall Irish Win Overtime Contest Klein Stars In Big Ten Against the Wisconsin Badgers Klein played only one season at last Monday night, the Irish cfthle Noithwestein but his scoring ahil out the victors in an overtime, ihe ity won him i place on the All Big scoie leading at the end 61 to 5d Ten team and one All Ameiican Thus as the scoies indicate, thfe team Last yeai the Foit Madison, Notie Dame team goes out for la boj'aveiaged 6 77 points a game points and the idea is—just scOie foi the Sailois His height is six moie than youi opponents loot two Notie Dame will have a moie eitRobeit Davies who stands six peiienced five than the Riveters feet one and one half inches tall since Coach Keogan can start k vttplnjs foi w aid Davies plajed col eran combination He can start Cftjilege ball at Seton Hall He is now a tain Chailes Butler and Johnny hlie solid membei of the Navy five mieia at foiwaids, Bob Faught, the Here Is a Piofessional team’s high scorei from last seakon, Robeit Dietz is one of the few will be at ceiitei and Boh Eensber-
Gieat Lakes basketball playeis with piofessional experience He played on Butlei s team and on the Indian apolis Kautsky’s He is a coxswain standing 6 feet tall and weighing
160 pounds
Geoige Glamack is the laigest centei on the Sailois team He stands 6 feet 4 inches and weighs 215 pounds Last yen he played
gei will pail with Kuka at guards All of these men saw action fast j eai but Keogan may alter this ftVe by starting Sophomore Bill Davis at guaid instead of Kuka \11 Of Irish Can Score Against the Wildcats last week. Captain Butler let loose with five field goals and two gratis shotS to be high man foi the Irish Then
with the Akion Ohio Goodyeais in came Rensbeiger with ten points.
the National Piofessional League Big Geoige is a good ball playei
Vnotiier Hoosier
Gilbert Huffman guaid on the Gieat Lakes team, is fiom New Castle He played his college has kctball at the Umversity of Ten I OK ee He is 23 yeais old and stands 6 feet two and one half inches tall Edward Joseph Riska is a fellow who h IS spent his life winning has
followed by last year’s Irish leading scorer Faught paired with Niemieia with eight counters each AJso Vincigueiia a reserve forward, was
high with six points
In all probability. Coach Lambert will start about the same quifttet against the Irish that has been seeing much action of late, narftely Captain A1 Menke rangy center, left over from last }ear, Rudy Ekw-
ketball games He staited winning son battling guard and only otl^ei
SigJU- ^ TRsLtL
them m high school and kept right on thiough college and the piofes sional lanks Great Lakes is to be no exception with him in this le sped He is one of the little fellows mcisuiing onlj. six feet and weigh
in., 189 pounds
Still Vnother Hoosier
expel lenced man on the Squad, at guard Ed Ehlers brilliant aoplio more at the other guard post, along with either of the three, Jack iCeniiedy sophomore, Myrwin Anderson ball hawk junior and Sill Kercheval last shooting sophomore IS the competitois for the forward
Give Him a Drawer Full of NEW SHIRTS-$1.50 lo $2.25 They’re well made shirts lhat iil properly aod have bee a unusually well lailoreil. TYBESl 11FS-.55C lo $1.00 ' Our Tyhehls are preferred hy hundreds of well tfresbcd men. so you can’l he wrong in choosing several lor his Chrislmas. SOCKS-29c He never has enough socks ... so make him happy h) r<’plcnishing his hose wardrobe ibis ( hrislmas.
Thieiiie & Witiigeriii Co
l^lioiio 1001
Gcoigc Sobek is a H iminond boy bei-ths The team will leave at "fllS vho plaved the big game thcic as a in Satiuday for South Bend vm
(See GRE V T LAKES page 4) bus
A CAUTION TO MEMBERS OF ROTC NROTC . ENLISTED RESERVE... Crsh IS 1 dingeious compinion It tempts thieses or ic m 1} be lost It IS both wise uul inexpensue to tirn this cash into AMLRICAN tXPRLbb 1 RAVI LI Rh CHtQLifcb Then it these Checpics ire imspliced ol stolen (betote )Ou have ithxed )our identific ition signituie) then \ ilue is re funded to )ou \ou ^pcad them is >ou do cisli The) lemun ^ood so Ion., is )ou cut\ them uound unspent Mi Youcinbin them it B inks uidRulwiv txpress offices , 1 They cost "Si. tor ei h $100 00 - AMERICAN EXPRESS TRAVELERS CHEQUEST r^
M
‘ C"m'T if
/
Purdue Exponent
kri.
Friday, December 18, 1942'
Umversity Offers Dairy
Short Courses Eight one week tiaining couises designed to tiain students for spe cific jobs in a shoit time will be the
Well, it’s that busy season again, hut seems like, what with short couise which will stait Jan exams, term reports, elections, initiations, ami parties. Parties, uaiy 18 at the Univeisity One PARTIES, this year is more active than before. Ami if you think phase of dany manufactuiing will youTI ftnd time to Christmas shop in the “good ole home town”, he completed each week ' you are surely in line for one big stab! So why not take tonioi- phese couises have been outlined
row off and do a little shop scouting youi self—with an eye for
w)iat to buy, of course.
\OU DON’T HAVE TIME, HUII^ . . . Sooo—perhaps in yom study ( ’) stupoi vou’ye forgotten that attractive and convenient little Southu-ortli <> downstaiis gift shop' Well we haicnt And if you can ic si«t buying dozens of gifts theie— along
iMth a nuinhei of items foi youisclf, well m a dany planK
nticr scout anothci «hop'
I
YOU HAVEN'T BOUGHT
'iour Christinas caids yet' ’ ' Then get youisclf right doyni to the Vnitprsity Book Store yyith all speed They still have a handsome selection of cards-—and moderately pi iced at that While you it there, might take a look at then fountain pen and pencil sets too—they make mighty slick gifts'
Christian Foundation elected the following officers
foi the coming term: Martha Jane Gettinger, piesident, Joy Wampler, vice piesident, Bob Nash, tieas uiei, and Virginia Selleis, secr^ taiy In the student class the offi ceis aie Bob Smith piesident, Ora Max Wellman vice president. Avis Flack and Dick Smith, piesident
content of the Dairy Manufactuieis piesident of the Sunday
Evening Foipltu These officers, foui Senior Executives, and about 25 committee ehaumen will be in stalled tonight at the senior ban
quet
men or women yvho have had > little 01 no experience in dairy plant ChtlStlBIl dlUtCh
woik and offer the knowledge which
the average dairy plant operator of Lafayette, announces that needs Those who are in a position Libby Baughman, Janie Dunbar to invest a minimum amount of Packard Dona Mane Irion and Don time and money can receive from Apei were chosen as senior execu this short couise the qualifications tives at the close of their senior necessaiy for a responsible position banquet Committee chairmen chos
cn were Bob Brenneman, Bob King, Anna Shivley, Betty King, Jewel Shrout, Eugene Dragoo, Ed Goetze, Harold Harrison, Don Smith, Eugene Nicholson, Effie Ann Snider, Forrest Conorod, Mary Grey, Alvin Henderson, Virginia Rader, Mabel Vaughn, Bill Lester and Bob Pend-
ley.
AH YES
Eyen Acai the same thing' ‘What in heck’ll I give Dad —oi hiothci, oi eyen that extia special hoy fiiciid"^ East aside all yyoriies, gal-> — let Geisler i> suggest (and fulfill, of course ) ' How s this foi a beginning sweaters, yvool spoit shuts, muflfleis, gloyes, ties, hankies, socks su«pendci-,, belts shuts, anti the usual maseuline jeyieliy'^
WHAT? NOTHING TO WEAR . At those hometowm Chiistmas foimals"^ (Same here, kids' I Well it s high time you paid Lopb\ serontl floor tlress salon a visit We have it liom a \erv reliable source that a ncyv shipment of lovely lovely fonnals just tame in Got your eve on a luscious lilue satin and hlatk latt ditani model'
SOMETHING NEW HAS BEEN ADDED . . , to the Stouting the Shops eoluinn this yyiek' Loddp’s jeweliy store thanks you lor youi jiatron agt ol the past year, and extends to you all best wishes loi a Veiy Meuv Christmas and a Happy Nevs \cai
MERRY CHRISTM\S KIDDIES—SEE VOU NEXI YEAR!
Various Courses
Courses will cover market milk Jan 18 23 manufactuie ol dairy products Jan 25 30 ite cream making Feb 1 6 butter making Feb 8 11 cheese making Feb 16 20 dairy plant mechanics Feb 22 27 milk and cream grading March 1 6 daily technicians couise,
Mai ch 8 15
Ihose who wish to attend may select one week or moie ot work or they may take the entire course with very little duplication Only those couises will be offered in which ten oi more students enroll uid those who wish to attend the couises aie urged to send their name addiess a„e plant expeii
Notices
Exponent Keys All those who have been (n the Exponent staff for the past two terms and ale entitled to a key may Btt them from Jane Keim in the office ■—KLOUMAN Reamer Club Next meeting Monday Dec 21 because of basketball game on the 14th —BRAY Student War Council There will not be any mteting until next semester Watch the notice column for later announcements —AUGSBURGER Phi Lambda Upsilon New members may obtain keys by calling at Alpha Chi Rho house before Saturday Dec 19 Receipt for payment ot initiation fee must he presented Fees must be paid to T H Curry —ADAMS All Military Students No Corps Day this week —ROBINSON Senior Military Be sure to sign all papers which must precede you to the Special Serv ice School in the main office of the Armory before leaving campus —RIORDAN Omicron Nu Meeting Friday Dec 18 in Home Economics Building at 4pm —BEALL Reamers Short but important meeting Monday night Dec 21 in room 304 of the Union Please be prompt so that we can get to the game on time —BRAY PIA The following named students may call for their keys Monday Dec 21 between
keys L J WdoWka J Watson T Pccsok C Rezek M Vaughn M Young T Pedlar B Dohrman Bronze keys lane Brown E Mlttman Silver keys B J Ribordy J 4pm and 5 p m at the PIA office Gold Beal F Hess R Hall S Leszozynski b West E Kessler G Schmidt K Triiax E A Andre R Jones M DieSslin -AUGSBURGER Alpha Phi Omeda Executive meeting in the Swedish Lounge of the Union on Wed nesday Jan 0 1943 All ofticeis and com mittees will be there any other actives are invited to attend GOSSWEIN MT 4 Students All MT 4 s who have been selected for the Advanced Comae sign con tract at "Main Office in Aimory —RIORDAN MT 5 Students Advance Course uniforms will be iitted and issued in the supply room Dec 18 and 19 —BROWN Lutheran Students Christmas party in the church basement 610 North Ninth St at 7 30 p m Sunday Dec 20 Bring a gift for our Orphans Home box Games songs and refreshments — WALLACE Applied Mechanics Conditional examina tion will be given AM 21 and 22 Monday January 4 1943 from 8 a m to 11 a m in room 10 Heavilon Hall SANDERS Reamer Club Doc Anderson wants to meet all Reamer seniors Saturday afternoon December 19 at 2 p m Since particur lara arc not complete full information can be obtained after noon Friday by calling Knote Wiggins Salber or Youngbli od
—KNOTL
Tau Beta Pi Officers I uneheon for old and new officers will be held this noon Pri day December 18 at 12 o block Meet out side the Chestnut Room —YOUNGBLOOD
Agriculturist Meeting of Circulation St4(i(
■ ■ ‘ "" All membcl!
-haqerty'
at 4 p m on Friday Dec 18 All membe^ be sure to attend —HAOKllTY'l
Fraternity Presidents There will be‘[a short special meeting tonight at 7 jp m fni room 304 of the Union —-DAWSON | Cosmopolitan Club Important biisihtisj meeting Friday at 4 16 in room 304 ^ > -r-DOTYit-
■
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamonds watches, guns, luggage typewriters Albert s Loan Office^ 407 Cplumbia || Wanted—Students interested in peddling the Exponent Call Exponent Ask fbr
Recktenwald
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makdl sold, rented repaired and purchased HinMograph work done C J Ebetshoff, 605 Main. Lafayette Phone 2779 j Lost—Keuffel and Esscr Slide Rule Re« ward Call Maik Casebeer 45112 Wanted—Roommate for quiet boy 8tl|dent. Large room twin beds N«w brick hoUBij. $12 50 per month 319 IV Oak St For Rent—Desirable room near campud nd viliagc 107 South Chaunoey Avenue Over night rooms Phone 6410 t For Rent—Double or single room Stoker heat 4S4 N Giant
SouthwortK s
Delta Gamma sotuil soionty announces the
election of the following officers: President Mary Grace Minkler, South Bend; vice-president and pledge mistress, Mary Jane Stone, Gary; recording secretary Betty West, Montmorenci; corresponding secretary, Betty West, Spencer;
ence ind the touiso oi courses they treasurer Patricia Meirs, Greens-
J to Plot H W Univcisity Dan>
Basketball (Continued fioin page 3) with the School of Mints Dainton tallied 20 points in the fiist half and foul niOjie in the second ptiiod play ing vei v little in this pei lod Freshmen Plav Fie shill an Kenny Wulfmtjti made good in his fiist appeal ance as a college peifoimei with i total of 15 tioints Due to a w ai time i uling fieshmen aie eligible foi vaisity competition in the Missouii Contei ence A six foot loui inch sopho moie centei gives the Beais then shale of height This centei Mike Todoiovich IS noted foi his laige hands which aie i valuable assets when it tomes to ball handling Glen Bloom who is vciv handy with his lebound y\oik undei the basl et 16 scheduled to stai t at one of the guard slots The last meinbei ot the stilting lineup IS anothei tie<'hman Bill Albaugh who plays toiwaid He went scoreless in the initial tn countei but displayed good flooi
WOlk
Great Lakes (Continued tiom page 31 well as at Notie Dune At Kotic Dame he was the piesident ol his sophomoit class and is now acting company toinandti Rudy ‘-odciquist m ly sci iction at cithci tcntci n guaid \s \cll as play ing on the Rapid City c im ol Rapid City S D he m is high storm,, guild at the Lnivcisily ci Iftwa This =diloi is liirwii is a cliiqf spcti I'l t c n ! w ill I pi his tq]dnt when the Ni\y nu ilic Bpflei inakti s on Janu 1 y 1 Plc-Bneter To PId\ Htie A boy yyho v 11 Utl i ij bt it 1 > lu hpic in the R VC ii F cli lioi c i It glcat hiosty Sp (wl B il( n 111 fanb icii' 1 t 'c inti dud on to fit lad \ ho w IS 11 1 ( In 1 1 i n i the most \ ill b i 1 ly 11 1 is it two soasoi Fusty will 1 i it tonf-ide iblt iction agaiint hi toi inti tc iniin lit i lull th 1 i il i h tomes I 10 ty 1 i I inian h t
class
Lat-t yea tnc Git it I il ts squa i won j2 g imcs uid lo t oily i\i ihey belt tin Boikinaliis by i scoit <1 51 to 'j, So lai ih s yy u the Sail 1 111 III di 11 iti (1 uidliom their displiy ol powu stem ii tent on stay ing th it wa\ Pi Tau Sigma Mtthiiiital liigiicciing lionoraiy has chosen the tollowing offietih Joi next semcstei (ail F Bliggnmaiei inisideiit James A (lentles mcc piesident Kobeit 1 Beebe ticdbuiei and Mtiville ( Uowl.uid hind IIy /
Square Dancing Begins At 9 Tonight Women's 6ym Mixed lecieition tonight at the Womens gymnasium y\ill teatuie squaie daneint, along with the leg ulai piogi nn ot spoits mil tiolie Dancin„ w ill st ii t at 0 p m Dooih toi the le^ulai leeieation piogiam oi badminton volleyball basketball and ping pong will open at 7 30 in the evening All students both edb and coeds aie invited to
attend as usual
lie Intelested ii Giegoiy ot the
Depai tment
Those who apply- ioi admission yyill be notified i tew d lys in ad vanee as to whethei the cl iss in which they have enlisted has a sufficient numbei of students legis teied toi the couise Sigma Alpha Epsilon socnl fraternity, announces the election and installation of the tollowing officeis toi the coming teim President Richard Custis vice pitsidcnt Thomas Hendrix treasurer, Safford McMyler; recordin„ secicluy Robeit Strauss corresponding secretary John Pierce; warden Stan Eaton herald Robert Conlee; chaplain Robert Schimmel social chairman, Robert Wilson song leader William Fawcett; athletic manager Frank Knutzen; pledge trainer, John Lippert; rush chairman, William Duesterberg.
burg; rush chairman Mary Ann Click, West Lafayette, and social chairman, Jeanne Rhode, Attica.
POMM
militaiy honorary announces the election ot the following officers toi the next tyvo teinis L S Phillip captain J C Aull 1st lieuten ant M R Chapin 2nd lieutenant W C Lester 1st sergeant and F L Baynes supply seigeant
Christmas gifts that please are easy to find in the GIFT SHOP at
DOUGLAS SHOES $5 50 - $6 50 PURDUE SHOE STORE 302 State St West Lafayette
HOME -OF
SPOHTSWEAR
HENRY ROSENTHAL CO. 322 Main St.
Southworth” 8
--- J J-
f or our
Mater
tf,, 1 1 J 1
^ ij—^— J :.J' ^
all its joys and
—1
, 1 fFTT 4
m ^
J
** ,
— -J id —
We hail with praise our college days
F
i
and our new
cTisem^
THE CANDID CAMERA COLUMN OF POLITICAL NEWS AND COMMENT
MERRY-M-ROUNDi
p OR a clear and convincing picture of the course of notional and foreign affairs, look to The Wash* ington Merry<Go-Round. You^i find In this column of report, interpretation and character-sketch the salient and simply put and authentic facts you want to know—and, in these days, need to know. You'll find out who's who back of the ballyhoo, the influences underlying issues, previews of news in the making, diagnoses of developments. The Washington Merry-Go-Round appears
DREW PEARSOM
PUflDUE EXPDIVEIVT
4,^ K
J