\
TT
'‘J '/kHf’P'fuii'' -a " '’jU' "‘J
Tomoi^row Is The Day— Look For "FEMININE FUTURES."
jOa/Zy Si»jc<t /
Gold Diggers fake up their picks fonigfif >-»> that^s straight from "Laffin* Eyes "
Volume 52> No. 52
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, November S, 1940
Community Importance Stressed As AC LA Meets Approximately 900 men and women representing 32 states registered yesterday fpr the national rural forum sponsored by the American Country Life Association. Ralph W.,Gwinn, chairman, of the Christian Rural Fellowship presided over the program h^ld in tl^e morning in the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Speeches given concerned the type of church suitable for rural fcommunities and the part which the church plays in everyday rural life.
Luncheon At 12:30 p. m. a luncheon was served at which time reports were made by state ruraj fellowship groups, and by John H. Reisner, secretary, Christian Rural Fellowship. The program for the afternoon continued with discussions on the religious needs of the rural family and typical programs for the community church. A fellowship dinner was given *in the south ballroom of the -Union, in cooperation with the American Country Life Association, the National Home Dem•ohstration Council, and the Indiana Rural Life Cfouncil The highlight of the day's events was the opening general session held in the Hall of Music starting at 8 p. m. Murray D. Lincoln of the Ohio Farm Bureau and vice-presi-dent of the American Country Life Association presided. The Tippecanoe County Home Economics Chorus uhder the direction of A. P. Stewart" sang, followed by the invocation by T. A. Tripp, chairman, committee on town and country, home missions council and Federal Council of Churches. Welcoming Address President E. C. Elliott gave the welcoming address, expressing the gratitude of the University that they should be honored by being host to'the conference. As he expressed it—^it has caused the candles of our vanity to burn brightly. 9e gave the history of the founding of the University, and the part it must play in the promotion of agriculture. “This institution is not going to fail,” said Dr. Elliott as he stated that should Purdue and other similar institutions fail, so would democracy.” The principal speaker was Mrs. Raymond Sayres, woipen’s committee, Iowa Farm Bureau, and president, American Country Life AssoSation whose theme was “Finding (^r Voices.” She spok«^ ori the community and its place in the present ever-changing world. In her estimation a community is undefinable, though one woman once said when asked how far her community extended that it went “as far as I am talked about,” a most appropriate term. The conference will close tomorrow with a social hour and tea in the West.Faculty lounge at 4 p. m. and “Community Nite” of old time and mixer dances and entertainment at 8 p. m. in the North ballroom.
Dean Goldsmith Heads Advisory Draft Board Fred Goldsmith, assistant dean of men, has been appointed chairman of the Advisory Draft Board for University students. The function of the board is to assist student draftees in filling out the eight page questionnaires that will be sent to them shortly from the local draft boards. I f Associate members of the a^sory board and the location of tmeir offices are: Prof. D. S. Clark (M 1^3 Bldg.),_^Prof. S. D. Chambers (Heavilon Hall), Prof. C. ,J. Klemme (Pharmacy Bldg.), ^rof. E. C. Miller (Chem and Met Bldg.X, Prof. J. P. Seaton (Agricultural Hall), and G. Ray Sharp (Executive Bldg.). The'above men will hold office hours daily except Saturdays in their respective buildings. Headquarters will be established in the office of tha Dean of Men in the Executive*' building. Goldsmith and Sharp will be at headquarters dally from 8 a. m. to 4 p. m. d.t.b. Name 72 Freshmen For Debate Squad Speech department yesterday announced that five men had survived the freshman debate trials. These five men were Don Johnson, Louis ' Cohen, Lawrence Finley, Arthur Coburn and Nathan Greear. Judges of tli'e finals were L. S. Winch, R, M. Horn and R. W. Des Jarlais. These men, with the seven finalists of the Beveridge contest, compose the freshmen debate squad. The finalists of the Beveridge contest were Clem Pope, R. De Long, Dale Butz, G. Zissis, Guy Besnard, and Gilbert Chapman. The squad, coached by R. W. Des Jarlais, will hold an organization meeting tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. r.s.k. EXPONENT BOARD MEETING Junior and senior board meeting Monday, November 11, in Agricultural Extension building conference room. Attendance required. McKEE.
Barnet And Arnheim Will Open Formal Season At Military Ball
By John Galloway Charlie Barnet with his “. . band that DARES to be different,” will open the formal season on the campus at the Military Ball, Friday, November 16. Barnet is scheduled to play in the Union Ballroom and Gus Arnheim will be featured in the cafeteria. The Union-will be closed and placed at the disposal of the dancers between nine and |one o’clock.
Co-ed hours have been extended until 2 o’clock for Military Ball night. V ^ :■ — Barnet’s band, built around a fine saJ^ophone" section was organized in 1933. Besides playing with the band Barnet is also featured as saxophone soloist.
During his recent west coast tour he played inHollywood. He^has been heard over all the networks and his program over NBC has become very popular. Listed among the band’s many successful engagements are: Central Hotel, New York; Roosevelt Hotel in New Orleans, and the Glen Island Casino. At the present time several of his recordings are on the nickelodeon iji the Union Sweet Shol). “Pompton Turn Pike” is one of his best selling recordings. His band has been reci)rded by both Brunswick and Victor. Barnet comes directly to the campus from an engagement at the State Lake Theatre in Chicago. A few tickets ar6 still available for the dance and may be purchased for $2.50 at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building.
S21 pick Cisne To Pres^ W Hotfioiihiraishow Swuid As Co-eos Tufii Taoles
New Varieties Vie For Coveted Ribbons Fruits, nuts, and vegetables in all varieties and variations will be found on display at one o’clock this afternoon in the Horticulture building and the University greenhouses which will be the scene of the twen-ty-fifth annual horticultural show. The show will continue until 5 o’clock Sunday evening. Each senior in the floriculture school has entered one vase arrangement and one table centerpiece. The juniors have charge of the retail store'wndow. This will include a feature of a 'mannikin dressed in bridal attire and carrying a bridal floral arrangement. The sophomores are exhibiting a desert scene with complicated irrigation systems. The freshmen have been delegated to display a typical farm scene. « Vie For Ribbons From all over the state have come apples, vegetables, and nuts to compete for coveted ribbons. The judges include: Mrs. C. L. Burkholder, wife of Professor C. L. ‘feurkholder^ of the Horticulture School; Monroe McCown of the University Extension Department; F. C. Gaylord; W. B. Ward; W. 0. Mills; and R. Roberts. One of the special displays is that of a number of plants growing in inert media %nd fed only by nutrient solutions. Visitors to the show will be attracted by the caption, “Soybean Shorty Shaw’s Salted Soys Satisfy” which will be associated with a display of the newer types of edible soybeans and a demonstration of the ways that''they may be prepared for the table. ^ New Varieties Roses and chrysanthemums will predominate among the flowers. Prominent flqrists have sent their newest and most beautiful varieties to the show. There will be on display eighty-five different varieties of chrysanthemums. There will be an exhibit of a new hybrid popcorn which,-it is hoped, will revolutionize the popcorn industry. The entomology department will have a display of bees and pol lination. The forestry department will have an Exhibit for the promotion of conservation. On Monday there will‘'be a sale of the flowers and vegetables exhibite<i in the show, and, at 4 p. m. on the same day, an auction will be held for all the fruit, m.1.1. Playshop Lab Group Will Present 2 Plays Playshop laboratory groups will present their first two plays of the year tonight at 8 pC m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Bill Heath is director of the first play, “Skiol,” and “Supjiressed Desires,” the second play, is directed by Betty Erick. Setting and atmosphere are both important in “Skiol” which deals with momentous occasions in the lives of two people and shows their various reactions. Action in “Suppressed Desires” depends primarily on the lines. The plot deals with the trials and tribulations of family life. These lab group performances are open to the public, f.i.j,
(
Master Boilermakers . . . Association president, A. C. Harper, notified President Elliott yesterday that he had been appointed a Master Boilermaker. Recentl;^ President Elliott spoke before the national convention of the Association in Chicago. His address was so well received that the attend--ing members unanimously voted him an honorary membership, r.r.b.
He Plays
DICK CISNE ■ - . . . tonight as gold diggers display their trapping talent in both Union ballrooms from 9 to 12. Freshmen Gel Advice Plan Armistice Day On Picking Activities Observance Monday
In Opening Meeting At the first of a series of “activity instruction” forums in Stanley Coulter Hall yesterday at 4 p. m., freshmen received a thqrough ground-work regarding profitable ways of spending their spare hours for the next four years. Two things of more than ifiimediate importance were pointed out, A, P, Johnson, assistant director of personnel, opened the meeting by mentioning how much collegiate activities counted when the graduate applies for a job. “You’ll be mighty glad you were among the active group when you go to fill these out,” he said, holding up a sheaf qf application blanks for college graduates from such important companies as DuPont, Eastman, and others, *Up to one-third ©f the information required concerned participation in campus goings-on. Other more immediate advantages were pointed out—^what an aid this is to developing a well-rounded personality, the exj^erienCB that is to be gained, and—^this brought' applause—the many fine relationships that blossom among people laboring together. “Two activities are usually enough for an average student,” said Wally Wiley of the activities bureau. “Except for a few things like football managing^ and the Exponent training school where first sem^ter participation is necessary, freshmen are not encouraged to enter the first semester. Shop around —spend your time boosting that schqlastic index, then join the group you’ve had your eye on the second semester.” The different types of organiza-’ tions such as publications, dramatics, service groups, and athletics were pointed out. They will be discussed in detail at the coming forums. One meeting will be devoted to each type, r.r.r.
Sounding of a bugle at 10:58 next Monday morning, November 11, will mark the beginning of the University’s annual observance of Armistice Day. Firing of the 21-gun salute by Scabbard and Blade and the Purdue Order of Military Merit will follow, during which all students, faculty and employees on the campus will stand in silence. They will remain standing while representatives of these military honoraries place a wreath on the Memorial Tablet and taps is played. ^ Honor Boll Of 64 Names Exercises in the Great Hall of the Union will "conclude the program. A. B. Clarke, president of the Stu-, dent Union, will read the honor roll of 64 names of University men who lost their lives in the World War which appears on the bronze tablet, -and Prof. Fraflk C. Hockema, assistant to President E, C. Elliott, will deliver a short address. Recall by the bugler will close the ceremonies. University radio station WBAA -will broadcast the entire program. f.i.j. Aeromodeilers Will See Air Meet Movies Tonight Motion pictures of the National Championship Model Airplane meet will be shown at the regular meeting of the Purdue Aeromodelers^ which will be held at 7:30 this evening in room 365 of the Union. The pictures were taken by Charles Eves, a member of the club. Slides taken by Paul Schroeder at the Scripps-Howard meet in Akyon will also be shown. All interested persons are invited to attend the meeting. A short business session will be held in addition to the showing of the pictures. At this session the club trophj- will be presented^to the winner of last Sunday’s indoor glider contest, m.k.b.
Male Frails Will Wear Flowerless Corsages Co-eds wilLescort their heroes tonight in Egyptian litters, ambulances, hacks and other contraptions on their idea of a date, the WSGA Golddiggers Ball in both ballrooms of the Union, where they will dance from 9 to 12 to the swee^ swing of Dick Cisne and his orchestra. The backdrop pictures a platinum blond Queen Elizabeth spreading her cloak in a mud-puddle for Sir Walter Raleigh. Coming straight from a five-week engagement at the Colony Club in Chicago, Dick Cisne’s 11 piece organization is a nationally famous college band which has twice toured the southern states, and played in leading cafes, hotels, and ballrooms throughout the middle-west. Red “Jumbo” Miller and Prudy Ballard are featured in vocal and novelty acts, including the various dances and original songs. Ballad Singer Popular for her smooth, sweet ballad singing, Marilyn Duty, of St. Louis, handles the fenainine vocals.' Prom the piano Cisne plays and directs his band in itb unique style of sweet and swing music and symphonic dance numbers. At 7 o’clock WRH and sorority dining rooms will be filled to capacity with the Golddiggers and theirdates, who will be wearing corsages of everjrthing from beerbottle caps to powder-puffs. At 10:30, just preceding intermission, a l^rize will be awarded the fellow wearing the most clever and original corsage. Th^two most eligible bachelors on campus, elected by ^e co-eds who will ballot their choices on the ticket stubs at the door, will also be awarded appropriate prizes at this time. Tickets will still be available for one dollar at the door. Proper dress for the occasion will be long, informal dresses for the girls and business suits for eds. Patrons WSGA executive and juffidal boards will entertain the paeons, including President and Mrs. Elliott, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Stewart, Mr. and Mrsy Hockema, Miss Coolidge, co-ed housemothers and residence hall heads, at a reception in the Old Chestnut room from 10:30 to 11 p. m. Alice Newton is in charge of the dance. m.k.b. PIA Presents Tea,Dan(e Tomorrow In Ballroom PIA will hold their second tea dance of the year tomorrow from 3 imtil 5j30 in the south ballroom of the Union. The recording's that will furnish.the music are to be representative of the University and requests are in order. Co-eds are especially invited and are to bq admitted free of charge as well as PIA members. The tariff on nonPIA members will be ten cents. i.r.g.
Student Directories Copies of the Directory are being distributed from the Office of the Editor to- the University offices and to members of the staff who dre not enrolled as graduate students. A graduate student may obtain one copy at the Registrar's office upon presentation of his passport (or schedule card if he has no passport). ' As long as the supply lasts,, eadh undergraduate student smay: obtain one copy at the Registrar’s offire upon prepntation his passport. R^pb B. Stpne, RegistrarPURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 8, 1940
■w
n
Ihe ^th Xoliiiiiii
We read in the paper where Italy launched its push yesterday. Benito’s .boys are beginning to get rough. They’re even using airplanes and tanks. Just like the first time.
We hope somebody tells the Greeks that it is the real thing this time. So they can effect a strategic I'etreat. ’Cause if nobody tells them about it, they’re likely to pull another counterattack with pursuit on Mussolini’s men. Then Adolph would have to hustle down into Italy with some of his men and show Benny how it should be done. But maybe he’d forget to leave. Just like in Czechoslavakia.
And that would embarrass Mussolini no end. ' ’Cause after all, he’s only taking care of Italy for King Victor Emmanual. ■..*■**
The RAP’s been raising hell in Berlin again. And the luftwaffe has been spicing things up in London. Each claims they’re reprising the other. It works like our aunt’s tea parties. She asks somebody to one of hers. Then they have to ask her to theirs. But we’re confused about it all. We want to know who is reprising who.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered aa second class matter at the post office in I<afayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKresa of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief —B. W. Donahue Business Mnnager„..~~ ....Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor..... J. H. McKee Managing Editor... ;...—D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, li. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers; D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; AccpUnts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Editor .:Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. I
Sports Staff
Editor ........ P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Swaim.
phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives. 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup ^ Co-ed Editor: Siess Ass’t. Night Editor: Galloway Sports: Adamson Sophomores: R. R. Ruiinion, O. L. Allanson, W. M. Clark, R. R. Bozell, R. L. Hadley. Co-ed Staff: N. K. Bpynton, M. L. Losey, M. A; Flanigan, P. A. Howard.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p.-m. Playshop Prize Winners: May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a, m. Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 6 of arty day the following week. —CARR.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 4 p. m.; Thursday at 7 p. m. ■ —SWOPE.
All Male Students: Those desiring to fire on the 6th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the armory. This group will start firing November 18. —BROWN.
. Mortar Board: group picture is
Notice of the, Debris a mistake. —TERSTEGGE.
Senior Military Students; Will ^the senior military student whose pictures of , Fort Knox will be used in, the 194Q Debris please call at the Debris office. —HAYT.
Presidents of Student Activities: Bring to the Senate office in the Union (room 360) a copy of your activity constitution before Saturday, November 9, These are to be compiled in book form for later reference. -^ELLEY.
Yell Leaders: YelJ practice Wednesday, November 6, and Friday, November 8, at 4 p. m. in the stadium. —ZUCK.
Scabbard and Blade Honor Guard: There will be a dry-run for the Honor 'Guard at 4 p. m. Friday, November 8, at the south door of the Union. —MEESE.
Sophomore Forensic Managers: Meeting Friday, November 8, 4 p. m. in University Hall. —LULL.
It would be an awful breach of social etiquette.
And we hope that Adolph and Churchhill don’t get mixed up. Think what would happen if Adolph sent his proteges around to prepai’e a tea party for Winston before Winston’s boys had dropped in with their invitation.
Gur fan mail has picked up recently. This morning we got a letter giving us merry hell. On account of how our political leanings were all wrong. The Wolf howls. o.La.
Radio Club: Meeting Tuesday, November 12, in room 184, EE Building. Use north door. Lecture and demonstration on “Control of Television Station W9XG” by R. Stone. -—FREED.
Aeromodelers: Please attend meeting bn Friday, November 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 366 of the Union. Motion pictures will he shown. —^^OBARSKI.
Steer Discusses Speech Correction In Wisconsin
Paul Macy
Mixed Recreational
Exponent Co-ed Sophomores: Short meeting at 4 p. m. Friday, November 8, in the Exponent office. Assignments will be made for co-ed edition on Monday. —SIMPSON.
“Speech Correction in 1940: Diagnosis, Treatment, Research” was the title of Dr. Steer’s main address at the annual meeting of the Wisconsin State Education Association yesterday. He spoke before the luncheon meeting of the Speech Correction Section. Dr. Steer, who recently appeared on the program of the Speech Correction Section at the Indiana State Teachers’ Meeting in Indianapolis, is the Director of the University Speech Clinic, m.1.1.
. i . Ag ’31, who has been associated -with the department of soils at the University of Kentucky for the last several years, recently resigned in order that he’ might accept a position as head of the ag chemistry department at tlhe University of North Carolina, d.e.b.
. . . program in the ■woman’s gym ■will not be held tonight because of the Gold Diggers’ Ball, j.v-g.
GRAVES BAKERY
FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
TODAY-SAT —2 HITS
—TODAY - SATURDAY—
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY BILL ELLIOTT
MERCY PLANE PLUS
JAMES DUNN FRANCES GIFFORD MATTY FAIN
THE RETURN OF WILD BILL — ALSO —
EE^Bnasia ADDED —
FIRST RUN NEWS
Meat is fun to eat-=-it is good for you! Meat is a rich and dependable source of vitamins, minerals and proteins — prescribed by YOUR physician for BOTH the underweight and the overweight. At Piggly Wiggly you fini Highest Quality at Lowest Prices!
TODAY - TOMORROW
FEATURE
EDDIE ALBERT ROSEMARY LANE WAYNE MORRIS-JANE WYMAN • RONALD REAGAN- RUTH TERRY
PLUS
Directed by TERRY, MORSE^AiWARNERBROSi-firstNat’l Picture
Have You the RIGHT Clothes?
You, too, call be iu step with the latest styles on the campus and still be comfortable in the coldest weather. We can sup- . ply you with the clothing appropriate for the cold winter months.
2^.98 $2*98
224 Main Street
RELIABLE CLOTHING CQ- «
Camera Club: All darkrooms will be in complete order for continuous use as soon as equipment which has been on order for two vveeks arrives in Student Union office. Final locker assignments cannot be made until rooms are completely ready. —ARCHIBALD.
All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately If you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the, dampus. . —DAVID L. ARM.
Clevelanders: Skating Party, at Maple Point Saturday, November 9, from 10:80 to 12:00 p. m. Meet in room 212 of the Union at 9:46 p. m. Tickets 26 cents. —R.OSS.
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be a meeting Friday, November 8, at 4:30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. —CORTISSOZ.
Classified
FOR SALE
Forestry Club: Debris pictures Tuesday. YfeM a suit and be prompt. South ballroom at 8:30 p. m. / ’■ —MILLER.
Rasa-Rent-A-Gar Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
PIA Dancej Classes: Those who have not paid for their dance //tickets please do so before the next lesso’n. ’ —HUMPHREY.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and lued, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewrif/ers, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work, C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
AIChE Members: The Debris picture will be ta/ken Tuesday, November 12, at 7:46 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Please wear suits and be prompt. '■ —MASSEY.
For Rent: Beautiful Four Room apt. available Dec. 1. Steam Heat. Adults preferred. Phone, ,4928.
Lost: Grey kitten, Persian. Last seen: on campus. Reward. Ruth and Hinks, 3286.
ASCE: Pictures will be taken in the south ballroom of the Union Tuesday, November 12, at 8:16 p. m. Wear suits:—rto sweaters. —McCAMMON.
For Rent: Beautiful four room apt. Available December 1. Steam heat. Adults preferred. Phone 4928.
WSGA Hospital Committee for Vocational Guidance: There will be a meeting Friday, November 8, at 4 :b0 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —SCARPF.
Lost: Slide rule, name on case. Reward. Call 2936, Hert yan Brunt.
Lost: Gray Kitten^—Persian. Last seen ori campus. Reward. Ruth & Hinks, 3286.
EET and EAT
BREAKFAST mLUNCHEON m DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUGSTORES 410 Main Street
— ADMISSION
ALL SEATS
'TILL 2:00 P. M.
TAX INCL.
28c
ON THE SCREEN —^
— 2:00 P. M. to Closing •— MAIJ^ FLOOR (Tax Incl.) ....44c BALCONY (Tax Incl.) ,.33e CHILDREN (All Day)..... ....... .. ISc
■Ay
■i'Yi/ s
i r
M
\ ^ £xpomni SpoJd& (Paqa Eleven State Teams Gather For Cross-Country Meet Tomorrow With the ](ist of entries extended to 11 teams and 93 ruhners, the State cross country meet tomorrow gives promise to add color to an otherwise depleted athletic week-erfd. When the gun cracks at 10:30 a. m. seven teams representing the Big State contest and four in the Little State tangle will take the field
simultaneously.
Eepresenting the larger race will be: Notre Dame, Purdue, Butler, Ball State, Earlham, Indiana Central, and Indiana, the defending champs. Manchester, Taylor, Wabash, and DePauw will compete for Little State honors.
Indiana Strong
Indiana, the present title holders, boast of a well rounded squad that defeated the Boilermakers earlier in the season and last week decisively trounced Ohio State. In this meet Pampbell Kai^g served notice that he was just reaching his peak and passed his teammates Wayne Tolliver and Hedges, to finish in first
place.
The Riveter Harriers haven’t been loafing however, and have improved rapidly since the Hoosier contest. Ed Holderman has yet to be beaten in this year’s campaign and tomorrow will mark the sixth time that he has gone after a victory. Ably supporting Captain Ed are: Reeves, Appleton, Stanley, Jarvis, McLaughlin, Jentsch, and Marozick. Little State Winners Indiana Central won the Little State honors last year and the Butler Bulldogs have not been beaten in eight encounters. Bill Mitchell, sophomore flash, who will run for
Friday, November 8, 1940
Roving Riveters Seek Win Over Rams
the'Blue and White, is a cousin of “Rosie” Southworth, Who placed second in the National last year. Because of the number of entries, the course has been lengthened to four miles and a camera will be used at the finishing line to compensate for any possible errdr by the judges. WBAA will take the air at 10:30 a. m. by special permission of the P. C. C. to give a foot-by-foot
description of the grind.
As far as Phillips, Riveter track mentor knows, this is the largest college meet of its kind to take place on Hoosier soil. Medals will be awarded to the winners of each race and to the next six to finish in each
division, b.d.s.
IM Schedules
TOUCHEALL
Friday, November 8
Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 11 (Kutz) Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 7 (Agler) Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 12 (Adams) Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 13
(Bernhard)
Cary Hall B vs Cary Hall 14 (Papurca) Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 9 (McCarthy) Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 4 (Meyer)
Ward 1 vs Ward 26 (Shaw) Ward 8 vs Ward 6 (Hawkins) Ward 5 vs Ward 32 (Captain) Ward 16 vs. Ward 33 (Skinner) Ward 30 vs Ward 25 (Schriber)
POPCORN 15c a Gallon If you have not tried it yet, do so!
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
• Complete Assortment of Fresh Roasted Mixed Nuts. ' • Complete Line of Schaeffer Fountain Pens.
Free Parking in Rear
t Free Delivery
University Drug Store Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
HnimKERIHIEI TEET PffffFFI viTni zoHE niuinvs spotless
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quali-*.^*/ ty and value, WM. DEMUTH & CO., NEW YORK
The LATEST HITS on PHONOGRAPH RECORDS Looking for Yesterday I Wouldn't Take A Million T, Dorsey — Victor No. 26738 50 Dancin On A Dime I Hear Music L. Clinton — Victor No. 26766 50 Five O'clock Whistle ^hadows On The Sand Glenn Miller—Biuebitd Nd. 10900 35 May i Never Love Again Buzz, Buzz, Buzz Bob Chester and Orchestra — Bluebird No. 10904 35 Big-Ten College Songs Victor Album P-33 $2.00 \ § in the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St.
Cleveland
An Irishman's Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan '
Well, the team has departed for New York and Fordham, without the band. Oh well, that’s our conservatism. But the band is getting accustomed to such stuff. The thing that strikes me, is the manner in which the organization of musicians takes it. They never complain, keep right on playing for pep sessions, meeting trains, and athletic contests both basketball and football. As a reward the members get one and two-thirds credit. —-I-I— If the squad can stop Fordham we can all whtch for the clash at Minnesota to be a hair-raiser for Gopher fans. Frankly, I can’t see Purdue losing to Minnesota. Sounds silly, I know, but Purdue has yet to be defeated this season in the books of those persons who know football. —I-I— Coach Mai Elward make the Fordham trip on the sick list. He has been bothered with indigestion /for the past week and missed a couple of practice sessions, but if the average person lost as much sleep and nervous control as did Mr. Elward, they’d be between the sheets.
. . . Purdue Club will sponsor a roller skating party at Maple Point for all stuc^ents from Cleveland and vicinity tomorrow night. Those who are planning to attend should meet in room 212 of the Union, at 9:46 o’clock, according tOj Bill Koenig who is in charge of the party. The skate will be from 10:30 to 12 o’clock. j.f.a.
You know, this thing of firing coaches when their teams cease to win strikes me funny, especially when coaches are classed as instructors. What if Professor so-and so’s math class graduated from the engineering school and became miserable 'fiops as engineers because of math deficiency, you v^ouldn’t fire Professor what-did-ya-call-him. No sir-eee. Funny business, this stuff called “pleasing the alumni.” —I-I— When Purdue beat Iowa last week, it did a lot of persons a peck of enjoyment to see the conceited Dr. Anderson wiggling on the bench. The prize story about the Iowa mentor comes from the all-Star game practice this summer at Chicago. -1-1-It seems that Dr. Anderson called the entire squad of Tribune allStars' together for his opening practice address and the first words he said were, “you guys from Notre Dame are here for COLOR only; so don’t get too anxious about playing, Wondjerful psychologist, isn’t he. And I also heard out in Iowa City that the only reason that Coupee plays ball for the Hawks is that he’s just like his coach, “Most loved
Boilermakers Look Forward To Hard Fought Battle With Fordham Gridders Leaving the Big Four station yester(iay afternoon at three, the Boilermaker grid squad entrained for the long trip to New York to be climaxed by tomorrow’s clash with the powerful Fordham football aggregation. Ohce more in the victory column, the whole Riveter camp seems to have taken a new lease on life and if spirit can win a ball game the Gold and Black gridders should return next Sunday with another victory to
their credit. Byelene Returns
One of the most heartening omens for Boilermaker sport fans is the return of Mike Byelene to playing condition. Although as yet it is not certain as to whether Byelene will see action at New York, the fact that he has done some contact work this week and is among the number making the trip, adds to the possibility of top performance of the Boilermaker squad this Saturday. From the beginning of the season Fordham rooters have been emphasizing the slogan, “From Rose Hill to the Rose Bowl.” Until last Saturday when tjie Maroon team was beaten by the St. Mary squad, it looked like the Rams probably would finish the season with a game against the western champs. Despite last week’s defeat the Rams 'still loom as one of the most formidable Eastern teams.
Nine Veterans
Built around nine veterans and two sophomores, this year’s Fordham team is thought to be or^e of
the best turned out by Coach Jim Crowley since the 1932 season when the forward wall of “Seven Solid Blocks of Granite” was the talk of the sporting pub^jp. While possibly not equaling this famous line, the present Fordham first line of defense has enough power to worry
the best of opponents.
Pivoting around Captain Lou De Filippo, center on the Maroon team.
player” on the Iowa squad, that’s Coupee. -1-1— Frankly I love to watch Coupee play ball because he’s such a fine blocker, but he’s a “I-love-ME” boy, and I guess no one else appreciates his efforts at being a dictator.
I"'
are five veterans and one sophomore who, accordingi to reports, is also playing like a veteran. Averaging 196 pounds the Ram forward wall considerably outweighs the
Riveter line.
Lighte"st of the Rams is Jimmy Noble, speedy quarterback. Showing remarkable shrewdness in calling plays Noble is one of the Ram’s most valuable players. Noble’s extraordinary kicking ability makes him all the more indispensible to Coach^ Crowley’s team. Plenty of Confidence Despite the power of the New York team, the coiifidence of Boilermaker coaches and players alike indicates that the Rams are going to have a plenty tough ball-game on their hands this week-end. Everyone present at Wednesday’s pep session knows that the Boilermaker team is in a state of mind that is going to make it difficult to beat,
d.w.m.
' The UNIVERSITY $5.00 J^ot only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—^with a felt bindingof contrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
3S8 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. t^cREO u. s. Patent office
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL EtAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00 S00M4IN$T. —
STARTLING! STAGGERING! SENSATIONAL!
25‘i'
ALL EYES THIS WAY THRIFTY PEOPLE!
Annimsaiy Sale In the year 1915, a quarter of a century ago, when we opened our doors, we decided to 'build our business on the Merit of giving Better Merchandise For Less Money, Our motto proved to be a great success! Day by day we have won new friends and customers in Lafayette and vicinity, for the simple reason that we have foUowed our policy of Greater Service, Absolute Satisfaction and that the Customer Is Always Right! We appreciate the support of our customers and friends, and invite the entire public of Lafayette and vicinity to participate in the celebraticm of our 25th Anniversary Sale. We therefore decided to place on sale our Entire $50,000,00 Stock of up-to-date Men’s, Young Men’s arid Boys’ Clothing, Furnishings and Shoes at prices that will shatter every past selling event. This Sale will continue for 20 Days Only! Every Day wiU be a Surprise Day as jVew Bargains will be put on sale each day! Sale Starts Thursday, Nov. 7,^ promptly at 9 A. M. SINGERS CLOTHING STORE
T|HRD AND COLUMBU
LAFAYETTE, E^DIANA/fi*
iliiii
n\
, K
u
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, November 8, 1440
65 College Registrars 1 Elect Cookson,Deining
Weaving E)(hibit
Sixty-five registrars, admission officers, and members of their staffs, from twenty-six Indiana colleges were present at the fall meeting of the Association of Indiana College Registiars held yesterday, for the purpose of completing the organization. Meetings took place in the morning and afternoon in the Union and the conference loom of the Executive Building.
... in room 84 of the Union basement will be open afternoon and evening today and tomorrow.
Aquacade Engages Swimming Experts For Water Carnival
Professor H. H. Remmers, of the Department of Applied Psychology, spoke on “Possible Uses for College
On Stage
/
Guidance of the State High School Testing Service for Indiana.” Several other topics of mutual interest dent E. CL Elliott spoke at the lunchdet E C Elliott spoke at the luncheon. Officeis chosen for the following year were Mr. Thomas A. Cookson of Indiana, President, and Mrs. Ruth Deming of Butler University, Secretary. The next meeting of the Association will be Mid at Indiana State Teacheis College, Terre Haute, in the fall of ^41. r.r.b.
In anticipation of the aquacade to be held November 29-30, the swimming team is /working hard under the close surveillance or the ^wimmmg coach, Dick Papenghth. In order to provide an opportunity" for spectators to watch both the varsity and fieshman-varsity swimming teams in practice action, the balcony of the swimming pool in the men’s gymnasium will be open to the general public from 4 to 6 o’clock^n Tuesday and Friday afternoons for the remainder of the
Open To Public The opening of the balcony on a regular schedule twice weekly will enable students and townspeople to become acquainted with the techniques of developing swimmers. This should be of special interest since all indications point to a much
The whining voice and droll mannerisms of Stepin Fetchit, Hollywood’s favorite colored comedian, will be heard and seen in Lafayette at the Mars Theatre on Saturday when he comes in person with his all-star “Swingaroo Revue” to play an engagement.
®ENU/Ne
RADIO’S BIGGEST LITTLE POWER PACKAGE
$14.95
NEW 1941 MODEL SMART PLASt'iC CABINET . . . ONLY
PFROMMER BROS. 705-707 Main Streef
REIFERS FURNITURE CO. 9th and Main Streets
Here's the hard-to-find dress that will attract green-eyed attention wherever it's worn .,. 0 Ken Classic in a light-as fluff, soft-as down pastel wool. Gleaming brass buttons marching down the front, waistline shirring and •oft front-fullness—gained by bias inserts in both waist and skirt—show its talented styling and deft Kencraffsmanship. Sizes 10 to t8 ill flottering pastels . . . about 18.00
LOEB & HENE South Side of Square KOI OASSIO. 108 West 8Mi Street, New Teifc
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suplies
Risk Dentai Clinic DR PAUL A. RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J RISK 4th & Hain St Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Bus Schedules
4 Schedules Daily Chicago ... $2.95 R. T. Gary . 2 95 R.T, Michigan City. 3.70 R. T. Indianapolis 2 10 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 4475
• Locksmith
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT, and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Hardware
• Jewelers
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Hays jew'elry Co. '' Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Dairy Products
• Electrical Supplies
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
stronger teamJ;han is usually found this early in the season. The colorful Aquacade which is now in the spotlight is to be held November 29-30. This sl^ow is to be even more spectacular than in the past, due to the speed with which acts will follow one another. - - V — -
Bill Martin
. . . will provide the music for the Saturday night Mixer in the fiorth Union bkllroom. Mixer theme will be “Night Flight.” ^sual price of one dollar will prevail. m.a.f.
Sweep Grandly on to the Dance Floor at the MILITARY BALL
The gala event is almost here .... and soon there will be many invitations to similar affairs where you will want to have that eye-stopping, romantic charm. Daz2le that certain one and all the others in a brilliant new formal. And be sure to get it at Palais Royal.
Prices from $7.95 to $45.00
We also have formal skirts, sweaters, blouses, wraps, sandals, slips, hose, bags and gloves.
415 Main Street
Phone 5900
Put This on Your Memorandunl
9 nui&L fisummbah, Jto qsL 1%1 (DstbJuA, ^Ylno. 20 jto mwsl SO csuniL..
(Dsbnidu
"9n. ihn, 97tojda/uL Wjmmhl'
V \
t'l
f »
I*?