Hi
tDTTORlAL ASKS for Short four , , Day Vacation
m
ritOSH FOOrSALL Receives New Coach In Felix Mackiewicz
Established 1889
Vdittme 55, No. 36
Furdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, October 30, 1942
Student's Who's Who tjkis^ BoB Stiiong Twenty University sK/dents te^firfratomitu Eighth Edition Bases Qualifications On lltliWl II Old I Illy
Parents Mtihite, Home Ec Scliool To Hold Meeting
Provide Music Ball Tomorrow
Scholarship, Leadership, Character The names of twenty of the University’s outstanding seniors will appear this year in the 1942-43 copy of Who’s Who Among Btudents in American Universities and Colleges. Each year the college students’ Who’s Who is published, containing writeups of prominent college students from several hundred of the colleges and universities throughout the country. This year, at last, twenty University students have been chosen for this honor by the
editors of the publication. Our representatives in the new edition are: John Amos, Don Brophy, John Armstrong, Ken Gjemre, Alice Chatfield, Bob Hadley, Ruth Walker, Dick Ball, Jeanne Patricli., Steve Minton, Becky Anne Pervine, Richard Buffington, Ray Friend, Ralph Deuster, Joe Neff, Florence Croll, Dave Barta, Joe Youngblood, Howaid Diess-
lin and Joe Richards.
Recruiting
Board To Seek
Enlistments
To Discuss, WarTime Problems
Indiana Congress of Parents and lechers and the University School of Home Economics will cooperatively conduct their annual Institute next Wednesday and Thuisday for persons interested in topics related
University Will Stress Religibn At Conference
Dr. Kenneth Johnson To Speak Wednesday At AlChE Meeting
Religious Workers To Address Group Leading ministers and religious workers will come to this campus during the observance of Religious Emphasis Week scheduled for November 8-1,5. They include the Rev.
Ileil D. Bollinger, formerly student
Dr. Kenneth Johnson will be the pastor at the Wesley Foundation
to child caie. This years institute featured speaker at a meeting of here and now secretary of the Dewill be concerned especially with the student ghapter of the American paitment of Student Work of the problems which are identified with Institute of Chemical Engineers Board of Education of the Methodist war-time needs of the country. next Wednesday evening. The meet- Church; Dr. Clyde E. Wildman, T-. 74- T TVT i.r.u £ XI loom 129 of the piesident of DePauw University; ean Mary L. Matthews, of the Electrical Engineering Building, at Piesident Albert W. Palmer of the
Who Am„n. in An, ' 1,- f POTP K r in r on 1, school, announced 7^3^ p „ _ Theological Seminary; and Who Among Students in American chief, ROTC section, of the Fifth the pi ogram, which includes instiuc- ^^TTnoinnovino’ Pvnhloi-n« m -Mifiv* ta nu ^ nn tt • Universities and Colleges, consist- Service command, the Aimy-Navy- tion on making homcmakeis’ work ^avaffio Prorhirtiou ” rl*. * ^ ^ movies, next Monday, at 4
ing of accounts of college students M a r i n e - Coast Guard recruiting most effective dining war-time, m, q,,in-of+ nf mtrnn-irnffin ^ ” ica^o c ape . p_ jn poom 301 of the Phaimacy Flexibility
the subject ot nitroparailm engi- Groups Hold Discussions Building. Tbrnno-b
neering should be of special interest Thiough bis radio
. , , , iu TT , The week will be devoted to gento students m the University, be ^
Four Services Will Interyiew Students According to word received here
Decorations Feature Pins Of Thirty-Six Fraternities Bob Strong and his “Music with the Strong Appeal’’ will play tomorrow from 8:30 to 11:30 p, m. for Interfraternity Ball. -Lighted pins of the thirty-six fraternities will hang from the walls of the ballrooms while the key of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council will be featured on the backdrop. Tickets may be purchased for fifty cents by fraternity — men and will not be on sale at
the door.
Strong’s orchestra was originally designed as a radio orchestra for two commercials, “Showboat” and “Uncle Walter’s Doghouse”. Popularity on the ladio brought them demands to play at the Sherman Plotel,
The student branch of the Amer- Blackhawk Restaurant, Edgewater lean Pharmaceutical Association jj^^el, Aragon and Trianon will present the third in its series Ballrooms and fol- many college
Pharmacy Association Will Present Movies
Next Monday
paraffin Production. dining war-time,
outstanding in campus activities, board will spend November 17 and equipping the child for the future, The students are selected on the 18 at the University for the purpose parental problems in homes abioad, basis of their qualifications in four of interviewing, selecting and en- pioblems of adolescent tiaining in fields: scholarship, leadoiship, char- listing qualified students. war-time, community planning for acter and potentialities of futuie Thb recruiting* board will work in children, nutiition and clothing
usefulness to business and society”, cooperation with the personnel of- Problems, and the child’s relation- chemistry depai tment.
The student’s character is judged fice which will prepare a schedule &hip with schools and .narents.
. VI,,,’ , oral sessions of interest to gi'oups
cans ' 1 was at this school that much color movies loaned to schools by
., Through ms radio experience
The feature, “Sulfonamide Ther- developed great flexi-
” is another of the 45 minute
of the piimary work in the field of nitroparaffins was done by Dr. Hass
Obtained Ph.D. Here , ^ t mn- m ,, T^Ti. dents. In addition to the group meetAt the present time, Dr. Johnson . , ,
smaller giou^ meetings at which the Lererle Laboratories. Scenes are An eight-page Extra m honor of religious topics may be discussed photographed directly from their the campus 35 fraternities and with ministers or With other stu- laboratories. sororities will be distributed
Wide application of sulfonamide ““ Saturday night.
on what he has done both before he of interviews specifying times and Dr. Garry Cleveland Myers of tuc present ume, ivr. oonnson . , -i, ^ x fhovnnv ,,,0.1 entered college and his activities on room numbers, as is done when large Chicago, associate editor of “Chil- is the superintendent of Commercial speakers will be dinner guests Py y - the campus. The reputation of the companies visit the campus for the dren’s Activities,” will be included Solvents’ nitroparaffin plant in Pe- organized housing units where icine, suigeiy, gyneco ogy ^ an bility of style, his music ranging
individual among the Students as purpose of hiring new men. All stu- in the program of speakers.
well as the faculty is consideied in
making the selections.
Margiret Hedderich Wins In 4-H Club Achievemenf Work Margaret Hedderich, freshman in the school of Home Economics, was
named among a list of 4-H Club n^ioiy-
dents interested should report to the personnel office in the Executive Building before noon, November 16.
Prepare Forms
Students desiring to enlist in the army enlisted reserve corps, iniassigned, should have their physical examination and othei required papers completed at the time they appear before the reciuiting board. Applications for the army enlisted reserve corps, unassigned, may be obtained from Capt. Graham at the
New Faculty Members To Fill Vacancies Made In University Staff
; they will give short talks and con- pediatrics are now revealed. Admin- ballads to boogie woogie, from - ■ - istiation of sulfonamides are dem- ihm^bas to Waltzes. His music has
duct discussion periods.
oria. 111. He completed his under
graduate work at Indiana State on^trated and labm-atnrv and bpd X . . . , , , Teachers’ College Terre Haute in “A Dynamic Faith for Present onstiated and iaboiatoiy and bed- a type introduction and modulation
the spring of 193l’. He was then em- and Future,” the theme of the week. ®'„n,enSatffiL°Le des"^^^^^
ployed by Commercial Solvents, Inc. will be carried out in the various rnnviP is nnnn tn t-hn nnblic introduction for all vocals In the fall of 1931 he entered the meetings with emphasis on the im- tn several instrumental combinagraduatc school of chemistry here portance of religion m the present pi-.^edical students Z x. at the Univcisity on a Commercial crisis. Speakers will endeavor to Phaimacy and pic m dical students. strong played his way through
For enlistment in the various classes of the other branches of tlie services students should have all the necessary applications and other
, , X necessary papers in readiness when tt I ”1 u u < 1 She has been a mombei of the nnr,nav nofni-rTibn v.r..>v,i Un,,. Umvcrsity, has been appointed Di
4-H Club for eight years, complet-
winnei's announced recently. Miss Hedderich, formerly of Camden, was winner of the state achieve-
ment contest.
New faculty members to fill llie
vacancies created in the University ^jj-y mombei's
staff by the several membeis who have been called to service have been announced by the administra-
tion.
The new additions and tlieii assignments are as follows: Ur. James F. Cuitis, formerly of Iowa State
Solvents fellowship, where he le- help the students and faculty have ceivcd his Ph.D. degree in 1937. a closer relationship with the
This meeting of the AIChE is.open chuich.
they appear before the board, however, in these othei branches the
to all interested students and fac-
ulty members.
Military Ball Tickets To Go On Sale Today Basic Militai'y and band students
lector of the Univeisity Speech may purchase tickets for the annual
, , , , Clinic. Assisting him will be Dr. Militaiy Ball, to be held November ? Jeanette Anderson formerly of the 13, today on the balcony of the
University of Wisconsin, Miss Betty Aimory. The piice is .^2.50.
Eikeiihout, of Michigan Univeisity, Junior and scnioi students may ^ and Orville C. Millei, formerly of ojAain their tickets Monday in the (Jfjf
formed by the board itself or will make arrangements to have the
examinations made. Application Details
Vaiideibilt University. Ross D.
Applications for Naval or Mai me Smith, former Diamatic Diicctor in building. Tuesday tickets will be
Kappa Sigma
ing projects with a total value of $1,600, and has held thirteen offices during her eight years membership. She was also a junior leader and member of the Rural Youth Club. She is especially interested in music, having been a
member of the high school orches- Corps reserves may be obtained at the Agricultural Collegd of the Uiiitia and glee club for six years, and the office of Dean Knapp in the Exe- versily of Minnesota, is now assoshe is a member of the University cuUvc Building, and applications for date Director of Purdue Playshop. Choir and University Church Choir, the Air Corps Reserve may be ob'
Hitchcock Was Alternate
Alternate in the contest was Anna Ilitchtoek, of Selma. National awards include a trip to the 4-H Club Congress, trophies, and $200
scholarships.
In the leadership contest, the record of Belva Dean Stuckey of Washington, Ind., will lepiesent the stale in the national contest. She has been a member of the 4-H Club for ten years, five years of which she •was a junior leader. She has been tictiVc in local and county club woik, repi'esentmg Daviess County at the
Week’s I*rogranis
Important piograms during the week include the opening mass meeting m Eliza Fowler Hall with Dr. Wildman speaking, the mass meeting on Wednesday at 7:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall with Dean
Gilkoy speaking, and the closing State Siipt. Clement T. Malan will session on Sunday 'lead by Dr. be the headline speakers of the Palmer. Seminars will be held at thirteenth annual high school debate four every afternoon in the Union, conference which will be held at the It IS hoped that students will plan University, November 19-20 instead
Gov. Schricker Will
Head Speakers
At Debate Conference Governor Henry F. Schricker and
to attend these meetings.
Cashier’s Office of the Executive
put on sale for purchase by faculty members and other students. A total ol 900 tickets will be avail
for the danc^'.
. . . social fiatei'iiity, will hold its annual dance in honor of the new
of the first week of December as
originally scheduled.
Possible traveling difficulties after gas rationing becomes effective has caused the date to be advanced. This change has the approval of high school teachers and
able lAcdges of this semester tonight state department of public in-
college in an orchestra. Later he played in radio orchestras and theatres before organizing his own band for his two radio commercials. He started studying the piano at the age of five, later taking up violin. In college he changed to the saxophone, clarinet, oboe and English horn, all of which he occasionally plays. He and his men are capable of playing 26 different in-
struments.
In addition to orchestra leading, Strong is a composer, having wiitten such songs as “Fluid Diive”, “Riff-Raff”, “Show Boat Stomp”
and “That’s All, Brother”.
Strong and his orchestra are midwestern, since, with the exception of only two members of the band, all were boin within a ladiiis of
200 miles of Chicago.
Foresters Discuss
tamed from Col. Hicks in the
Armoi’y.
Because of the short time that the board will spend on the campus only a limited number of enlislments can lie completed at this time. Army Awards 'Thom Distinguished Flying Cross For Bravery Early this month. Lieutenant Al-
„ , ^ , , T , , • hert Thom, ’40, and his commanding State 4-H Roundup and Leadership Major James Edmundson, le-
. . . social fraternity, will hold its annual pledge dance tonight at 8:30 p. m. in the chapter house. The
Judge Frederick Hill
... of Los Angelos, will leclurc on “The Science Which Demonstiates Man’s Eternal Identity” in
Wabash Ambassadois will play for Eliza Fowlci Hall Sunday at 8 p. m. Stamps will be offered as a the dance, which is an open affair. All students aie invited to attend, door prize.
from 8:30 to 11:30 p. m. in the chap- struction.
ter house. Supt. Malan recommends that
or a bami, rccor* '"very aludent avail Immoit of tho (yjg Qf HardWOOdS
opportunity to attend this confer-
will be used and with the money gf)Q0_ Br. P. E. Lull of the speech saved, a hundred dollar war bond department is again in charge of the
will be purchased. Five dollars in conference.
Camp.
4-H leadership contest trips to „
, , j Oross xor
the Club Congress were awarded Harriet Williams, Muncic; Donna Castleman, Rochestei; Ruth Dieher. Pekin, and Joan Bond, Boonville.
Each Won Trip
In the Home Economics achievement contest, each state winner won
ceivcd the Distinguished Flying
sinking a Jap cruiser.
Major Edmundson was the pilot of a Flying Fortress and Lt. Thom was
serving as bombardier.
The action took place within sight of a detachment of Marines on one of the Solomon Islands. The cruiser
Local War Victim ...
Priorities Force Aero Students Abandon Unique XPVs Project
To
Newman Will Hold Barnyard Frolic In Union Tonight Annual Barnyard Frolic, sponsored by the Newman Club, will feature music by Johnny Johnson and his newly organized campus oichestia in the South Ballroom of the Union from 8:30 until 11:30 to-
night.
Dancers will enter the charactei-
In War Emergency Yesterday was the first clay of the Annual Section meeting of the Society of Ameiican Foresters at which the University department of Forestry and Conseivation acted as host. The topics to be coveied in the meeting, which lasts until Saturday, will be: war-time uses of haidwood timber, timber sales fioin state forests, the use of airplanes in locating and lepoiting forest fires and stiip mine land problems
and their solutions.
The meeting today will be entirely devoted to technical papers on the use of wood in the war emergency. A tour of the National
in the city is
one of the events planned for the
, ,, vv,. was sunk by direct hits from Lt.
a trip to the Club Congress. Winner mu > u i . . , • x x r, XU, Thom s bombs,
in the clothing contest was Riithl mu i i- 111 ,, „ T ,• TV , • The decoration was awarded beMowry of Indianapolis. Patiicia ,, , , ^ : , , I foie the personnel of one ol the Ebert, Crown Point, was selected , , , , . . ,
bombaidment squadions located on a hidd6n jungle airfield in the Pa-
cific.
in the girl’s record division. In the canning clubf Maijoric Wolcott of Indianapolis will represent Indiana.
Phyllis Combs, Frankfort, won a _ ... ^ trip to the Congiess in tho food cKC Deadline Set
preparation contest. Tho baking
By Willas Vermilion
XP2/3 IS dead! One of the most some of his colleagues attempted see what lesults aie being obtained, istic barnyard by a real barnyard fiictmy^e'i widely known and cheiished sym- to build an efficient radio-conttolled Name XP2/3 Explained sty. Pumpkins and coin shocks will events
bols of the Aero school is now dead, model to test the possibilities of The XP2/3, however, was born also add to the Hallowe’en atmos- ^^g|gp^^j.gg Qj. Henrv'sT'^* t”* h K. D. Wood, head of Aeronautical such a plane. They succeeded, to a earlier when K. D. tried to promote phere. Dancers aie expected to wear Twacnimvi- ^
Engineeiing, announced the other certain extent. The plane Would the idea locally as a student proj- typical farmyard clothes and accesday that the project being built by take off perfectly and maneuver ect. It is, as the name suggests, series. A prize will be awarded to the Aero students had been discon- well while in the air, but getting a 2/3 scale experimental model of the most original costume, tinned and the parts were being-held it down in one piece turned out to K. D.’s idea of the typical private Johnson’s band will featiiie two for future use in the school at such be a different matter. It seems that plane of the future. It was more colored boys, Ernest McGee, as
is the president of the Society of American Foresters, will be the piincipal speaker at the annual dinner to be held tonight. Another of the speakers for the evening is Di‘.
a time that piioiities would not the controller, no matter how ex- of an instructional pioject foi the drummer, and Bob Ciowe on the ohio*^Exnm permit further development. pert he became at handling the students of the University than for trumpet. Buz Rawlings on the tenor gpggjjgpg ^ ' The histoiy of this unique project ciaft in the air, could not set it sales promotion. sax is reputed to be the band s stal- rpy^^g vvfijgh ,v, Gie first dates back about eight years ago down without a crash landing. After Woi'k on the model piogresscd wart on the sweet and smooth side. when the nation was becoming repairing the ship many times, K. -with all the Aero majors woiking Tickets aie being sold by club
- - I ^ - ^ when the nation was hecoming xx. gj, ^gro majors woiking ygjg,j. |g headed bv Dr club trip i)vas won by Bet y ane Qj, SQfnQSter hware of the possibilities of a small decided that he had had enough gjj g(; gome time until the name “ihinbois and will also be sold at llio Martcll. A number of Inditf»lc of MuilCic. In the dicss , ■ . a. x: nf Jh«i. unfl H. ofin unw ho ROPn h«rio’- -VTto/o ^ dooi*. ’ * * ’
Cadiick of MiinCie. In the dicss revue, Jeanette Suavely from Siilli
number of Indi-
ana people will appeal on the prog'ram, including: K. H. Cuibow, of Bedfoid, siipeivisoi of Indiana's national forests; J. C. Craig of Evans-
scheduled appearance here ville; H. C. Hyatt^ director of con-
plane for private use. At that time oT that and it can now be seen hang- XP2/3 became as well known on
All regularly eniolled male stu- the more feitile-minded inventors ^“8 large classioom of the ^le engineering campus as K. D.
van \Von the light to attend the mariiod or single, who are were thinking of a twin pusher type -^hio building. Wood himself. In fact, K. D. pre- J^n SaVltVS Club Congress. yoais of age, citizens of the plane rather than the, small single Two years later the students got dieted that if the war had not come
^ United States and physically fit, are engined type monoplane that was oveisold on the idea and left to along the XP2/3 had a better than
Dr. F. B. Knight reminded by the Military Depart- developed. One of these inventoi's develop the plane further. Their aveiage chance of being firiished was erroneously reported in yestei- seivation for the Indiana Coal Pro- ^ ment that they aie eligible to apply was Prof. K. D. Wood, in charge attempts to get it financed met with this year. But priorities made it a day’s Exponent. Savitt will appear ducers’ Association; C. M. Carpon- . . . head of the Division of Edu- for enlistment in the Army Enlisted of the Aeronautical Engineering little success due to theii desire to war casualty and prevented its be- at the Dad's Day Mixer on Fri- ter of the Indiana State Division of cation and Applied Psychology at Reserve Corps until Decembei 31. School. One of the first designs of keep complete control in their coming more famous. Memories day, November 6, from 8:30 to 11:45 Forestry; T. E. Shaw, of the Unithb University, will he the speaker After this date only enlistments foi this ,type plane made public ap- hands. Finally they went to work will linger on, however, whenever p. m. Tickets are now on sale by versity staff and acting forester of tonight at the annual homecoming fi eshmen will be considered. Ap- peared in K. D.’a textbook eight for Cessna Aircraft Corporation its parts turn up in other Cxperi- Union workers at $1.40, including Indiana, and C. F. Klee, Indianapoof Flanner House, colored center in plications should be made in room years ago. and looking at the recent Cessna ments in research or instructional tax. Price at the dor will be $1.65, lis, Indiana Hardwood LumberIndianapolis. B-4 of the Armory, At that time Prof. Wood and and Ercoup Corporation ads one can work. including tax. men’s Association.
h4‘‘Page 2
Purdue Exponent
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Ediforiat and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Spor(s, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Ediforial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
RjIHor-in-Chicf N?wr. Kditor ManafiiT'c ?^riifor . . K^'iitor ; IV:s‘ncsR Mnnafrcr;. C'ocO Editor
John F. Amoa Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armatronir Robert L. Hadley ken K. Gpemre Alice Chatfield
Publication Staff
Aasociate Editors Editorial StafT: D. W. Ochciltrec, A. P. Hunter. W. E. Rafert, U. 1C. But%, W. G. Hoskins. R. W. Boswinkle, K, Roquemore, S. AVoK. Spoils D. E. Brewer, J. S. Dawson, D. Sbryer, C. Sownrds. Coed SlafT; Sally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Laucr, Elaine Ahrens,
Business Staff
Cord Business Manager: Julia Martin. Advortifdnfr Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson, J. Petty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trcna Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
r dstor-in-Chief, M n n uc i n g Editor IUis:no.«s Manager C'UMi Editor Adverti.sing Manager.. Accounts Manager Circ^jation Manager...
Dave Barta .Ed Hninphrey Elwin Welbaum Roberta Kessler ...Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
Might Editor: Ochiltree Day Editor: Laucr
Sports Editor: Brewer Issue Editor: Tyson
Reporters: Wilbur, Riggs, Murphy, Vermilion, Richardson, Siei.^h-n.'on. Vegh. Clifford. Hudson, Ford, Howes, Mann, SiiCL-h. rt)rt.-'r, Baynes, Gandy.
'C‘d as scc(nid_£lass matter at the post office in Lafayiiii'ina, tFiV act of Congress of March 3, 1879,
pecial ratelof postage provided for in section i 111 October 3. )l917, authorized January .20, 1922. (1 on Tuc.sday, Tl^rsday, Friday and Sunday mornings tv.' year. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.75 for a • nr .i?3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a
• nr .S3.,^J) for two semesters,
semester; mailed subscription $1.50. n uud Cor n.ational advertising by National Adverti.svicf. Inc.. College Publishers Representatives, 420
Avc.. New York. N. Y.
A Breathing Spell?
7i
e Ratio
4.95
to 1
MOKE KINNINGS E.C]Joil.s from the Beta house say that Don Thoma» i)ui his on an Alphi Chi front Wisconsin. Phi Kappa Tail, Eddy Warzynski, got town girl, “Smitty” Smith and clasped the clasp to make a cute little couple about knee high tO a grasshopper, while SAE Frank Cicrlte .shielded freshman Jean Shidler.
SHALL WE BLAME ALL THIS FINNING STl I F ON THE SUN SPOTS? (Ed. .Note; Thirty-three pins put out on the campus in one week. It will take weeks to write them ail up). Or mujbe Ca.ssiopia is in line with Ursa Major, and tile Phroiiasator is shorting out over the Frabistan. (In. othei- words—could it be the draft measure that ju. l pas.sed congress?)
'Imn there was tlie little moron who said: wouldn’t Venus de Milo look swell in a sweater?
N'olliing on the Beauty Queens yet, but we suspect ;,'ci.iiii)-;.’;ei- to wiggle his way in sumhow. There is omi thing' funny going on in the Beauty Queen contest, hut no one can pin anything on anyone. Seem* tliiii E.xponenl won’t publicize, and Union won’t give eoinp.--; .or hal!-. Everyone is getting the shaft but till' Union and K.xpoiient. Where does that leave the Debris?- Hee! Ilee:
( J'.d. Note; Can’t get ovei' all these pins going out), 'liieia Betty Duncan is expecting one from oflf the rnnipus soon, we hear). L
VttSHIHfiTOH . . . Tf. B., U S P.l OK Merry-go-round
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By DREW PEARSON Congressmen Urge Complet-e Unification Of Alaskan Command Brasshats Belit-tled Doolit-tle
A iH'oposal University officials might well con.sider is the granting of a midterm recess of cla.sses beginning Saturday afternoon, Notv'inber 14. The proposed breathing spell Avonld extend until Tuesday, giving students, the last time for the duration, four days in whicli to enjoy a vacation in the glorious days before gasoline rationing becomes a fact. A few days rest coming, when it is most needed w ill not seriously hold back classwork, but will give the overworked student a chance to rest up and return to work with renewed enthusiasm. i . Officials of the University noted students’ enthusiasm for returning to work after the recesses were allowed the day before the 4th of J’jly and the week in August. It is for the •same injection of enthusiasm into student morale that this vacation is being ^sked. Even if some of the students are unable to get b.ome, the rest for the few extra days, coming at this time will produce good effects. After all, the asking of two days off for stu’.ents Avho :have spent three consecutive semesters at The University is not out of turn. The dates chosen are the only possible ones before gasoline rationing which will give ini'tructors time to plan for the change. November 7 is the Great Lakes football game and Lad’s Day. The following week end is Milila.ry Ball, making a Thursday, Friday, Saturd'ay and Sunday vacation combination unattractive for the many Military Ball goers. The following week end is the Indiana football game and that Sunday gasoline rationing be(•'■ne. The four days following the Friday ,nieht of Military Ball seems to be the only combination that will work out.—b.j.c.; r.w.b.
MAIL DAY FOR A M'^ASHINGTON COLUMNIST; Harry Harrison, Chicago—Congressmen returning from an inspection of the Alaskan area have been bluntly critical of Army-Navy lack df unified command. One report has recommended that the entire Alaskan front be placed' under one officer’. Here is how the command is divided at present: When U. S. forces take the offensive against small islands in the Aleutians, the Navy commands at sea but gives over command to the Army as soon as the land is seized. However, there may be difficulty in convincing the Naval commander that his command has ended, though the Army chief may be convinced that the time has come for him to take over. Or again the Army commander might not think it wise to abandon or ■weaken the defense of an island, 'Whereas the Naval commander might want to move on to another island. Confusion is even more possible when an Offensive is undertaken by air. At present the Navy is primarily in command in Alaska, though the Army has larger forces, provides most of the planes and most of the men in the antiaircraft. Congressmen returning from Alaska are uring that the system be simplified. Major Sy Bartlett, Someivhere in England—Washington has not changed much since you left. There is still the glitter and tinsel, the crowded cocktail lounges, the lines of people waiting impatiently for the privilege of buying a meal. Gen. Art'Wilson, returning from Australia, was so shocked at the crowd in the lounge of the Mayflo'»ver, that he wondered whether we were really at war. But up above, the men who are really running the war, don’t have time for this sort of thing. They are working night and day. There is little drinking, little relaxation. Out among the lobbyists, the war contractors, the run-^of-the-mine Dollar-a-Year mgn, however, who are flush with the excitement of just coming to Washington, it is different. There is where Senator Lee’s prohibition amendment might be applied to advantage. • Keeping Ahead of Washlngfon
Authentic Russian Peasant Costumel Of Hand-Woven Linen Now On
In Applied Design laboratories
V By Doris Plagge Gay Russian peasant costumes, embroidered in the characteristic designs of the Western Ukraine, are now being exhibited in the applied design laboratories. Building No. 2. These costumes, made of hand-woven linen and decorated 'with vari-colored flosses, are the property of Steve Humnicky, junior student in chemical engineering, whose parents were bdrn in the Ukraine region. Sev-
“1 simply can't imagine what would happen to us under Axis domination—why, they’re always imposing penalties-—penal-ties—closing places of amusement, curfews, and such.”
University Calendar
Friday, October 30
David Boehm, West Los Angeles—I like youi- idea of COMMUNITY COOPERATORS FOR VICTORY. It seems to me that one of the unfortunate results of the last ten years of increasingly centralized government is that people all over the country have come, morfe and more, to look toward Washington. I see it every day in the streams of people jamming this city, most of them patriotic people trying to find ways of helping win the war faster, and thinking that by coming to Washington they can help do it.
That is their big mistake.
What most of them don’t realize is that the place where we are going to win the war, in the long run, is back home. That’s where the production is, and the war bond selling and the, real sacrifice. That’s
where the hope of America is.
The President came back from his recent trip apparently surprised that the country was ahead of Washington. He found out something that has been true for a long time. And I think the country would be even farther ahead if the President went on the radio some day and emphasized in detail what he has already hinted at in talks with friends—namely, that it would be a good idea for communities to set up their own organizations and become absolutely inde-
pendent of Washington.
A lot of communities already have done this. But others haven’t. There are thousands of men and women all over the country, anxious, itching to do anything to help win the war. Representatives of war veterans, service clubs, all sorts of people write to me every day saying that the Government doesn’t
tell them what they can do.
Of course they don’t realize that the Government is so harassed and so deluged that the most helpful thing would be for local communities to go out on their own, and take, the initiative, thus transferring the burden away from Washington, All it takes is the same old spirit of our forefathers—^the old neighborly notion of borrowing a pinch of salt, of turning out for your neighbor’s barnraising, of sharing tools, helping with the harvest. As I say, a great many communities already are doing this. But a lot of them still are looking to Washington. And you have no idea of the burden which could be taken off this red-tape-snarled, sweating city if, so far as possible, we got back to the good old-fashioned system of doing things back home. P. S. It took a newspaper in the heart of the midwest, the Omalia World-Herald, to really show Washington how to run a scrap iron collection campaign.
8:00 A. M. 8:00 A. M. 2:00 P. M. 3:00 P. M. 4:00P. M. 6:30 P. M. 7 :00 P. M. 8:00 P. M. 8:30 P. M.
Society of American Foresters... ..Rm, 117, Hort Building Civilian Protection Tr. School.:......Room 304, Union Newcomer’s Meeting Room 263, Union Girl Scouts : .....Eliza Fowler Hall Cosmopolitan Club Room 304, Union Society of Am. Forester’s Dinner .E. Faculty Lge, Union Playshop—For New Sailors............El’iza Fowler Hall Agr. Economics Club Party. Room 263, Union Barnyard Frolic S. Ballroom, Union
, i • plains that the costumes were sent eral garments yrore emblOl- to this country in 1928 by relatives dered by Steve’s mother, Mrs. living in Beebricka, a tiny village Anna Humnicky, and others east of Dowow, Poland, and novv are family heirlooms. under German control. They have . been Worn in this country for speIncluded m the collection cial Slavic celebrations and the anare two women’s shirts, long nual Festival of Nations at Cleve-turtic-like garments made of white land, Ohio. linen. One is embroidered with blue The Humnickys lived in Cleyeand green threads p^redominating, land for many years, and during while the other shows the typical this time Steve, at the age of nine, fine, geometric designs in red of. joined the Ukrainian National Balthe Galician region, ' let to dance at the .festive celebraWomen’s shirts are characterized tions of Slavic peoples in this coUnby the heavily cmbi'oidcred sleeves try. The Russian ballet master, on which the handiwork may extend Avramenko, instructed the troupe from yoke to wrist. The men’s in ballet, national folk dances and shirts in the group are embroidered Cossack sword dances, only on collars, cuff’s and shirt According to Steve, Russian folk fronts, but are niade in approxi- dances require a great deal of exermately the same pattern. Men’s tion for the group 'who perform neckties are lavishly embellished their vigorous routines. The Cauwith similar designs in gay reds, casian dagger dances are the most yellows and blues, ail worked in strenuous and difficult dances, rethe tiniest of ci oss stitches. The quiring years of ti'aining and pracwomen’s aprons are banded in con- tice to achieve the skill necessary ventionalized forms in the gay to perform them well. Russian vilcolors. lages are gay with dancing on holiSteve, who can read and write days, religious days and days celeRussian as well as speak it, ex- brating weddings.
Saturday, October 31
Civilian Protection Tr. School Girl Scouts Victory Bell Party...,....:......1... Graduate Dames Dance Intei'fraternity Ball Mixer; ....: Westminster Coop Dance.....:.. Kappa Sigma Dance.. ,
.Room 301, Union .Eliza Fowler Hall ,.W. Faculty Lge, Union :Rooin 263, Union S. Ballroom, Union .N. Ballroom, Union .House .Chapter House
yOUR PURS€ In the
it BUY WAR STAMPS BO
TODAY an^ TOMORROW
Scrapped Ships
COULD YOU EVER IMAGINE ,.
1. I’urdue with a good football team? 2. Pi Phi “Kreno” Keene true to a guy? 3. A Kappa and Theta without an attitude? 4. K K Gjemre being drunk? 5,. Ever getting serrfee in the Sweet Shop? 6. A beautiful Beauty Queen at Purdue? 10. A vacation? 41. K K Gjemre not knocking in public? 12. Could you ever imagine K. K. Gjemre?
Senator Tydings of Maryland—Though the Maritime Commission isn’t very proud of it, I now find that some of the ships which they withheld from your scrap iron constituent, to be used by the Government for operation, later were sold for scrap and subsequently found their way to Germany. Thus you and your constituent certainly don’t deserve criticism for doing what the Government did. Sale of these particular ships for scrap occurred during the brief period when Joe Kennedy took over the Commission from Secretary of Commerce Roper. Later the Maritime Commission reversed the Kennedy policy, so that, according to the Commission, 32 of the ships withheld from youc scrap iron constituent are now in op-eration—-or at least were until some were sunk by
submarines.
Sam Hahn, Los Angeles—^When Jimmy Doolittle tried to get back into the Army more than a year ago, the bi'a.ss hats at first balked at giving him his old World War I rank of major. He had been one of the most spectacular civilian fliers since 1918, but they wanted to give him the rank of captain. He was too unorthodox. Since Jimmy bombed Tokyo, however, he has become a brigadiei' general, and you will hear Irom him again. . . . World War Veteran (who didn’t sign his name)—-Write again. Your stuff jibes with mine. . .. . C. B., Sioux City, la.—Reports that U. S. planes ferrying to England are led off the beam by -German radio, and land in nearby Norway, are sheer Nazi propaganda. The Germans haven’t been getting any tree planes from us as easily a.s that. Walter Winehell, New York—Speaking of typewriter' strategists, it was Franklin Roosevelt’s old boss, Woodrow Wilso^i, who said: “We do not need less criticism, but more. It is hoped that criticism will b.e constructive,'but better unfair criticism than autocratic repression. Honesty and competency require no shield of secrecy.’’
4^1 ' k
u..
A^ '* ■% vl'
4a. i.
■ i »5
rTfv
L<
1-5
j-iy
J’rirfoj', October 30, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Page A
Boilerinakers Travel West For Clash With Iowa
Probable Starting Lineups
IOWA
PURDUE
Parker
LE
McCaffry
Niedziela
LT
O’Bryan
G. Curran (C)
LG
Ruggieri
Hand
C
Leugo
Dickerhoof
RG
Powers
Staak
RT
French
Burkett
RE
Smerke
Parmer
QB
Snyder
Vacanti
LH
Berto
Stauss
RH
Andretich
Hoerner
FB
Baclimann
After a short practice session yes terday afteihoon, Coach Elmer Burnham and his injuiy riddled squad of Boilermakers left for then invasion of Iowa In Iowa City to-
moriow afternoon they will meet the Iowa Hawkeyes in then fourth Big N^ne appeal ance of the piesent season The Eiveters aie gunning foi a victory in this tussle so that they can secure a 500 batting aveiage in the Big Nine race for glory Out Where The Tall Corn Grows The Eiveters spent Thursday night in Chicago and will travel to Cedai Eapids, Iowa, where they aie scheduled for a light woikout on the Coe College field this afternoon Fiom Cedai Eapids, the gridders will journey on to Iowa City where they will 1 est up until game time Something New Has Been Added
Coach Burnham’s probable linepp foi the Iowa encounter has been somewhat alteied from the usual starting rostei This is paitially due to the injuries that will hampei the Boilei makers Satuiday At rjght guai d Buniham will use either Pow eis 01 Matrewitz to fill the beith usually occupied by Dick Baiwegan Baiwegan, a sophomore who has been doing well on the Black and Gold line all season, will be lost foi the Iowa tilt because of an elbow injuiy he leceived in the Wisconsin game last Saturday A1 Leugo, veteran senioi center, who has been hampered with a knee
injuiy, will be back in the lineup for the Eiveters Kenny Smock, triple thieat backfield ace, is still a bit stiff fiom injuries suffered earlier in the season, and he will not see action against the Hawkeyes Berto and 'Andretich will be counted on to toss a few of those passes that netted 104 yards foi the Eiveters last Saturday in the Badger battle Revision In prepaiatiort for the Hawkeye clash, Coach Bumhkm has been giving lots of attention to the Boiletmakei running attack The passing attack used by the Eiveteis has also undei gone revision In all prob
ability, the Boilermakers will attempt to lay down the same type of aeiial barrage that woiked so effectively in the last hopeless stanza of the Wisconsin invasion Sophomores Get Chance Some of the shifts that Coach Buinham has made in his revised edition of 1942 Boilermakeis will probably be used in the game tomorrow Gene Matrewitz, sophomore from Maywood, Illinois, who staited the season as a tackle and then played end last week in the Badgei tilt, was suddenly shifted to a guaid position where he is a possible candidate foi the filling of
the berth that has been vacated by injured Dick Barwegan Another sophomore, Charley Close, a Fort Wayne product who has been operating at a fullback post all season, has been give a chance to see what he can do with the tackle position that has been left open by Bruce Warren who is also on the doubtful list because of a knee injury Promotions Because of this injury jinx, Coach Burnham has called three senior gridders from the “B” team They are listed on the traveling roster and may see action at Iowa The new additions are Bill Burghardt, half-
back from Wheaton, 111 , Paul Gutting, Shelbyville, end, and John Wojciechowski, center, from Hammond The game at Iowa should prove to be quite a battle Both teams are fairly evenly matched with the Hawkeyes having a slight edge because of their dynamic Tom Farmet, who IS a backfield ace of the deluxe caliber Last Saturday the lowans invaded Indiana and came out ort the long end of a close verdict This raised then prestige in the Big Nine circle and gave the Boilermakers a preview of what they are in for tomorrow
Football Coaching Staff Obtains Mackiewicz As Rhinie Mentor Felix Mackiewicz, the only Boilermaker alumnus to go directly from college into Big League baseball, is the latest addition to the Riveter coaching staff While working on his masters in the Physical Education Department, Felix will help coach the frosh football team, as he has been doing the past
few weeks.
“Mack” graduated in August of 1940, and returned to the University five weeks ago to begin work on his Industrial Recreation masters degree He broke into organized ball with five games Pieviously to being
Connie Mack’s Philadelphia Athletics in the spring of 1941,
at the Athletics’ California training camp, whereafter he was farmed out to the Wilmington, Delaware, club in Oie Intel state
League
Earns Six Letters Here
While at the Univeisity “Mack played three yeais of vaisity foot
Mack had played foi the Wilmmg ton club where he batted 285 in 143 games playing center field Befoie breaking up housekeeping to come back to school, Connie Mack told Felix that he would be playing regular centei field when he came back next spimg To substantiate hib statement the Philadelphia managei and ownei released Mike Kiee
ball at end position and starred at week after Kieevich
third base for three years on the Boilermaker nine He belongs to the Phi Kappa social fiateinity and IS staying there at the present time At the end of the present Big League season, Felix was playing the post of center field for the Athletics where he batted 285 in
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
had been playing centei field for
the Athletics most of the season According to Mackiewicz, he
would like to work for a fellow like Connie Mack the rest of his life as he has seldom met a man with such an understanding personality “Connie Mack has been like a father to all of his ball players and yet he IS vciy shrewd and nobody can put anything ovei on him ’’ is Felix’s
conception of liis jiiesent boss Mackiewicz will probably leave
school to report in eaily February to the Athletic training camp which
will probably be in Florida
ALLE^* m p^fyci nsca CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION • FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s, Wednesday, November 11th 7:30 P. M. Advanced, Thursday, November 12th 7:30 P. M. Ilf Lessoiia Given During Vacation P M Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW PHONE 2150
Make sure the men you strive to please don’t whisper that you’ve HEMITIS! Wear Suzette Snip-It Slips! A snip of youj? scissors along the non-ravel scalloped hems shortens these slips to your height! Dressmaker bodice • s; no-ride skirt. In 19 lovely eolofSt 32 to 40j Hies U.S,Pat.OS
JeebA
Liiigti It Shop
bticcl 1 looi
S ports Commum<|ue« f^oss Country Team Faces Western
Bv Bob Hadlev lii aa
In Final Home Meet Today
Another weekend approaches and the time has come for the weekly prognostications—in the sports writer’s dictionary, a bad guess The upset wave quieted down a little last weekend, but there is pothing like erring officials and post humous penalties to keep things in an uproar, At Iowa City, the Boilermakers . let’s put that one off for a
while
Climaxing its second consecutive year of successful duel meet performances, the high-fly-ing Riveter cross country team will make its final home appearance of the season this afternoon at 4’30 over the new four mile layout beginning and ending on the three-hole practice course Western Michigan, a team which the Boilermakers defeated last year in the only pre-
Michigan and Illinois are scheduled to put one one of the top contests VIOUS meeting between the twO SChools, Will provide the opposition
of the afternoon at Ann Arbor The “Fightin’ Illim” have really been fighting this year under the tutelage of Head Coach Ray Eliot A good many observers aie saying that it’s the best team Illinois has ever fostered But they have been dogged by the old mjuiy jinx in the last few weeks, with some of then full-time mainstays commuting between practice field and infirmary The Wolverines dropped a tough one to the Golden Gophers last week and we think they’re scheduled for a little
better luck tomorrow
The Northwestern Wildcats travel to Minneapolis this week to tackle the-Gophers The Wildcats have a better team than their conference record of three losses and no victories would indicate, but right now Minneapolis is not the place to start winning Minnesota
The meet this afternoon should provide an excellent warmup and conditioner for the State
Meet at Indianapolis next week end, when Phillips’ crew will defend its title against a powerful, well-balanced Hoosier outfit in addition to an unpredictable Notre Dame team On the following Saturday the Riveters will defend its Conference
Crown at Chicago
The same seven man team which has taken three out of four Big Ten meets this season will oppose Western Michigan
this afternoon Chuck Duesler, who took first place
Sure-Foot Brieske
Kicks 13 Points In 12 Minutes
ANN ARBOR, Mich, Oct 29— Suie foot Jim Brieske, Michigan’s
= sophomore place kicking expert, en , c+ 4. i f q +
The twp unaefeated teams still operating in the Big Ten will meet in trained for Minneapolis last week UniO otate last Saturthe game that ranks at the head of our we wish we could sec it list with a record of having played 12 day With a time of 21 "23 over Last year thq game at Columbus between the Badgers and the Buckeyes minutes and scored 11 points He the four miles. Will be COUntwas thken by Ohio in track meet fashion by a score of 46 34 The game returned with the same record in ed upon to slice off a large pormay well involve a duel between the country’s two best collegiate full minutes played but with 13 points Riveter OOint total
backs, Badgei Pat Harder and Buckeye Gene Fekete, but both teams The explanation of course lies in have a dangerous aerial attack at then disposal There are many that the fact that after a touchdown time rate the Badgers right at the top in the football world, but we have seen is out until the succeeding kickoff the Ohio line in action, and we think the superiority of the Buckeye and the clock does not run during
line -will constitute the margin of victory for the Ohioans Coach Tony Hinkle is still switching men and meneuvers in an effort to get the Great Lakes Bluejackets in the win column This week the sailors will meet Missouri at St Louis and it look like Coach Hinkle will have to get used to things the way they are fpr a
few weeks more Missouri is tough this year
The Iowa Seahawks invade Bloomington to meet lU The Seahawks still look tough from here We’ll take them just on general principles At Iowa City, the Boilermakers will take the field against the Iowa Hawkeyes with an eye to making it two and two in conference competition The Riveters will probably be minus the seivices of Smock, Warren, Barwegan and Hajzyk, Leugo and a few other key men will probably be restricted to limited action Capt Tex Smerke and company are about due to knock off a favored team, though, and, in addition, it doesn’t look like we are goipg to get out to see this one It looks like a propitious Saturday afternoon for a triumph It all /■inges on whether or not the team has picked up the spirit and “zip '
the try for the extra point
Big Jim was sent into the game twice at Minnesota to boot the point after touchdown and he was success ful both times He has missed only twice this season in 12 attempts and has kicked a field goal as well
NRA Rifle Course Starts Tonight
All men interested in taking the eight week NRA rifle instruction course offered by the PE school arc requested to report tonight in Room 107 of the Fieldhouse at 7
p m for the first meeting
Those who desire to take the
Kenny Lynch and Darrell Roach, two small but mighty runners who have seemingly alternated in foi lowing Duesler across the finish line, are expected to finish among
the first six
Seward,^ Ashwell, Kinder and Harrei complete the seven man In addition, Phillips may use another man, Michaels, due to the lengthening of the course from three and one half miles to four
miles
Michigan Bolstered
Western Michigan this year is bolstered by the use of freshmen on all athletic teams It has been reported that three outstanding first year men have looked impies sive in all of then previous dis tance meets and may give the Riv
Meet The
Team By Sheldon Watson
All of the Boilermaker grid fans are familiar with the Black and Golds’ great left half, Kenny J Smock Kenny is the versatile, tople threat backfield ace who has been one of the main cogs in. the Burnham attack this season When an opposing player sees a streak go whizzing by with number 82 on rt, they can be sure that it is Smock
Plenty Of Action
Kenny is a junior in the PE school He won his major “P' last season rmdei Coach Mai Elward So far this season Kenny has been a regular starter handling most of the running
necessary to battle Jhe favoied Hawkeyes into the ground If they ve must be piLent tomght or trouble in this meet
irot it—thev 11 win If thev h^rvon h p-ot. it. vvoll 11 .i- fn,., eouise must oe present tonignt or
got it—they’ll win
Boilermakers
leri 4
Nofice
All PE students are requested to bring an old sweater and pair of trouseis to class to wear over gym suits for outside drills This IS to prevent numerous colds, as announced in all classes recently —EASTWOOD
If they haven t got It well they 11 have it The ,, u ui .. ,i rr,
they will not be able to enroll To night’s session will be a lecture period, followed by one class per
Llioy Hiisch, the University of week ’for the next seven weeks Wisconsin sophomoie fullback who Selection may be made fiom the foi
now has five touchdowns to his Cl edit lanks fifth among the na tion s leading ground gamers The Wausau “Ghost” has carried the
this afternoon
At the beginning of the piesent semester, the chances for a successful cross country season seemed almost nil due to the loss of several key men who had been very instrumental in the Boilermakers’ splendid showing in the Conference last
lowing peiiods Tuesday 4pm Wednesday, 4 p m , 7 p m , and Fii
day, 7pm
Certificates will be awarded However, under the guidance
ball 64 times to a net gain of 443 those who successfully complete the Coach Phillips, the runners be-
course work and are classed as a
strong thieat to take the Conference title two weeks from tomor-
row
They opened the season by beat ing a strong Illinois team 23 34 On the following week end, the Riv eteis suffeied their first duel meet loss m eight consecutive meets when the Indiana team, made up of such outstanding runners as Earl Mitch ell, Tom Judd and Fred Kendall, romped over them by a score of 19 36 Since then the Riveters have beaten Ohio State and Wisconsin decisively on consecutive Satui
Kenny Smock
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
THE
BILLIARD ROOM of the PURDUE UNION is the best in town! Come down anytime with your friends and play as long as you wish. The game is FUN and INEXPENSIVE! Gn/jif IfOc an. Jwjua. ol JtaJbhL! JhsL fiiVvdusL Tyimw^daL lAnwn. Just take a walk through the building!
assignments and passing attacks; however a leg injury has placed him on the sidelines The position of safety man on defense is also handled by Ml Smock Kenny staited his gridiron career in Indianapolis soon after his mother took him from the cradle First he played on a grade school team and then, upon entering* Shoitndge high in Indianapolis he signed up for football and blazed a four yeap lecoid that Shoitridge will be proud of for years to come Kenny learned most of his football from Coach Bob Nippei former Shortridge coach who IS now a lieutenant m the U. S. Navy Ml Smock was president of the junior class in high school, captain of the bootball team and was chosen as i halfback on the All City team twice Kenny is a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity, but his pm rests on “that certain little woman ’ back home After graduation Kenny will go into the Navy He is in V 5 now and his guduon c ireer will probably go on when he enters the Iowa PreFlight School or some such naval training center The Navy will have a leal eaui when they take our Mr Smock He IS slightly over 5 ft. 11 m. and tips the scales at 170
GREETING CARDS FOR ALU OCCASIONS University Book Store tiroox Vnuau R«d bauuuom 29 * UpplA''M
j •if. '‘PHI A
^rdue Expim^Mt
fWay, Oefiofriei"
mmht
imaimanii
G.D. WflliamsCloses Series Of Camera
Club Addresses
Wesley Foundation To Give Breakfast
Triton Club Holds
C0T YOUR SOOAL SECURITY? . . . It! (Wilh all due apologies to\T. Dorsey.) Wliat I mean is, now more than ever before BEAUTY IS YOUR DUT\ ; and I can think of no Iietter place to assume this duty than at Kietily’s ISeauty Studio, ’cross town. I toured the entire shop, from stem to stern—excuse, from reception room to utility room—and truthfully, it ranks tops with any of the most modern and complete beauty shops. There are four, experienced operators at Kienly’s, and they speeialize in the very best of permanent waves, hair styling, shampoos, scalp treatments, and facials. Here's my vote of approval! .
FOR INFORMATION ON A SOUND FOOTING . . . there's no better bureau than Smith’s Shoes! And what’d ’ya think—Smith’s still have saddle shoes with both red or white rubber soles as well as those ever-popular loafers in red and brown! The last of the loafers so to speak. Then too, you’ll find they carry an excellent selection of new evening slippers in gold, silver or white satin with your choice of flat or high heels. I kinda liked the Mademoiselle CARMELLOS,'black siiede with platform soles and open backs—featured for work or pltiy!
G. D. Williams, program diiector of WBAA, gave the lasj; of a series of talks sponsored by the Camera Club at its meeting yesterday. These progi-ams weie designed to give helpful hints to those people interested in entering prints in the club’s annual fall exhibit. The contest is open to all students and staff members of the University. There is no entry fee for members of the club, but for those student who are not, there is a twentyfive cent charge. The entry fee for staff members is fifty cents but this fee is not affected by the number of prints submitted. Pictures must be in the Student Union Office not later than 5 p. m. Monday and entry blanks will be distributed at the West Desk. Two blanks should be obtained for each print submitted.
ARE YOUR EARS BURNING? . . . fVbm the cold, I mean. Better remedy that— idnd there's no time like the present, and no |dacelike Southworth’s downstairs gift shop. Thirty-nine cents will buy a pair of these warm ‘"fluffy muffs'’ in red, black or gold. Cold hands may signify a warm heart, but they're danied uncomfortable, so better match those ear muffs with a pair of warm- - as-toast mittens. The selection offers such variety that I had trouble selecting my favorites-—fur, knit, leather and fabric combinations, ■fluffy mitts, or ■water repellent ski-mitts! The colors are as gay as an 1890 burlesque show.
CORDUROY ROADS ARE DEFINITELY OUT ... ])ut here's a style you’ll welcome—Deiventer’s arc featuring corduroy shirts priced at a flat five bucks. They’re warm, they’re gay, they’re tops in shades of tan, bright red and luscious greyed blue! A double tops in shades of tan, bright red and a luscious greyed blue! A double feature in fashion, this shiit boasts the in-and-outer shirt tail. P. S. Would make an excellent Christmas gift—unless the lad's a ser-
viceman!
WE’VE ALL HEAR ABOUT . . . priorities, but now I know! When I ‘"scouted'’ Mohlman s jewelry shop a lot of new mex’chandisc had just come in, so 1 inspected the "‘lovely lovelies” while Mr. Mohlman patiently explained why w'hat was getting scarce. It’s a long, sad story, so I shan’t got into that, but—if you're interested in jewelry, you’ll be delighted with the dainty vari-colored gold lockets, cameo pendants, and sets of Caimen bracelets and lockets. My favorite _ was a Sterling silver and gold compact witli a matching lockcl. 1 be service men d like the gold or silver identification bracelets!
9n, JhsL ^hwichsidL
Personnel Notes
Pnrdufe Christian Foundation Sunday Program At Lafayette Christian Church Sixth & North Sts. 9:30—Student Class. Mis. E. R. Balsley will speak on the subject “Personal Disciplines”. 10:40—Church Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach tlie seimon entitled “In the Next Place—”. 5:30—Sunday Evening Foium. 15 cent Supper, at the Church building. (Note change in time and place). Discussion 'wnll follow the supper, continuing the series on “Chiistian Piinciples foi Eveiyday Living”. Recreation will close the down.staiis progiam, after which the gioup ivill adjou! n to the Church Sanctuaiy foi -wmi ship. 7:30—Including the play, “The Neighbour.s” by Zona Gale. All welcome for the Foium a.s ivell as the play.
W. Lafaj ette Baptist Church Cor. Main & Columbia Sts. 9:30 a. m.—Rogei Williams class 10:35 a. m—Chuich Wonship Seivice. Rev. Glea.son will give the message. The choii will sing the “Gloria” liom the ,Tw'elfth Mass Norma Abbett will sing a solo, “Come Ye Blessed”. 5:30 p m.—Rogei Williams Foundation. Fellowship Hour. 6:00 p. m.—Suppei, 15 cents. 6:30 p. m—Foium Gioup The Second Baptist Chuich Chon will sing a gioup of negio spiiituals Rev. M. W. Giandison will give a shoit talk.
G/ee Club To Sing
At Indianapolis
CrisHan Foundation To Hold Party Tonight
Tonight at 7 p m the Chiistian F'oundation will hold a Hallowe'en paity to which eveiyone is w'elcome to attend. Foiniing at the Foundation House at 131 South Giant St., the party, which will lie a (ostun'ie -affair, wdl pioceed to the WAA cabins. It is urged that tho.se planning to attend make leseivations by calling Bob Nash, 2670. Theie will be a charge of 26 cents, .since lefieshinents are to be sei ved.
Opening its ioimal season tonight, the University Men’.s glee club will jiiesent a conceit at the Scottish Rite Temple in Indianapolis, the theme of wdiich will be “This IS My Counti y ” Bill Kennedy, liaritone, will sing a numbei of solos dining the piogiam which is uiiclei the direction of A, P. Stewait Numbei s included will be “The Stai’,” a classical numbei , and “Thanks Be to God ” Dave Simpson will acconqiany the choi us at the jiiano.
Placement Notes For Women
Gals inteiested in selling Chiistnias caids should call the Placement Service for Women (2955) immediately, ,
Classifications Entry Classifications will 'be: Amateur Student Division, Advanced Amateur Student Division, University Staff Division. The amateur student division consists of students who have not previously exhibited prints to the Camera Club, or to other exhibitions of a similar nature. The advanced amateur studen division consists of student entrants who have exhibited prints at other contest similar to this one. The Staff division is composed of all staff, whether they have exhibited pictuies previously or not. Classifications for prints will be portiait and pictorial. This must be specified on the entry blank, howevei, the judges have the right to change the classification of any piint. Prizes will be awarded to students only. There will be a fii’st prize foi each of the classifications of punts in each of the student divisions. No person may receive more than one piize.
Wesley Foundation will hold its annual breakfast in the Great Hall of the new building Sunday morning at 8:30. Sylvia Aldrich, missionary on furlough from Hinghwa, China, vyill be guest speakef and will tell of her experiences as a missionary. Sunday evening at 6:00 p. m. students of Wesley Foundation will entertain students of the Hillel Foundation in their Wesley vesper program. Following the supper, with Ruth Custer in charge, games and recreation will be led by Bill Wilson and his committee. At 6:30 Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “The Minority Problem in the United States.” A discussion and open forum will follow. Closing moments of woi’ship will be in chaige of Marlin Espenshade and the worship committee of the Wesley Foundation. Tickets for both events will be 25 cents.
Tryouts, Practices For Water Ballet
Notices
rhri«tinn Foiindiitlim: Ballowo’^
IS/ GrftKt
Friday, October 30. Mdct at 131 ----- St. at 7 p. m. For reBorvatiortai cdil John
Moorh 3271, Joan Woods
Nash 2670. Come in costume. —N-ASH-
Enlisted Reserve AppHcnifls: All students
iserov
The Triton Club is now hbldin'g practice sessions for the ballet which will be given at the Aquacade, a watel- show which will be put on by both the Triton Club and the Dolphins, December 4 and 6. The regular "practice for the beginning ballet is being held every Monday at 4:30 p. m. Thursdays have been set as the practice days for the advanced ballet. All women interested in swimming are urged to tryout for the water ballet, which has as its theme “air combat” with the swimmers simulating the air maneuveis. Since time is getting short those interested are asked to leport as soon as possible and to come legularly to the practices which are being held in th^e Women’s Gym. Anyone can repoit but if they wish to try out he is asked to call Shirley Johnson, 8740.
who passed the Enlisted Reserve Corps Unas, physical examination pHorv^tO October 20 are lequestcd to icport to Room 6-4 of the Armory for completion of their enlistment. V —GRAHAM
Pi Tnn Siprmn: EleteUort of members Tbuistlay, NovCmbtr 4, at 4 p. m. in 'Kcbdinpf Room It is important that all actives attend -DEISER
Kappa PSi: Active chapter mooting Monday, November 2, at 8 p. m. in Room 307. Important! All actives must bo thi^. —SANDLEBEN
SiRitia Delta Psi; All men having passed severe tests and who wish to be initiated must attend this meeting Thursday, October 29, at 7 p. m m room 107 of the Fieldhoubc. —SEATON
All Women S'W'immers: Deginning ballet gioiip will practice evciv Monday at 4:40 p m. All interested come then. Advanced group will practice eveiy Thinsdny at 6 p m - JOHNSON
NaVy V-7: Juniors and seniors^ \Vho are asbcmbling papers supporting 'their reauest foi enlistment in V-7 who arc under 21 yeai's of age must submit three copies of parents consent properly notarized. Copies of this form (Navy 400) may bo obtamed at my olficc —KNAPP
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Important business meeting including election of pledges on Wednesday, Novembei 4, at 7:16 p. m. in loom 230 of the Union. Refreshments will be served. -WHEELER
Catalyst Members: Business meeting will be hold Thursday evening. November 6, Rt 7:30 in Room 302 of the Chem and Met. Building. There will be an cieetion of pledges. —SWAGER
Lutheran Students: Discussion meeting on Sunday, Newember 1, at 7 30 p m. in loom 307 of the Union -WALLACE
Poultly Science Club: There is to be n veiy important meeting November 12. Everyone intcrebtal in poultry is urged to atUnd. -BOOKER
Code and Radio Instructions: Classes in beginners code instiuctiun and secondary code and ludio instruction are being organized. Sections will meet two hours pc.i week, Monday through Friday at 4 and 6 p. m. Sign up in the Supply Room in the Armoiy prioi to Novembet- 2 —HESTBRBERG
Model Railroad Club: Anyone not at the layout room off the student union Workshop in the sub-basement of the Union Saturday aftei noon, October 31, will have no recourse if he doesn’t like the layout which will be planmd at that time. Rail 7S on the way and actual construction wiH atart. Planning woik begins at 1-.^0 p. m. Sa^r(jav —ARMSTRONG
Roger Williams Cluh: There will be a Hallowe’en paity hriday, October 30, at ® p. m. —WARNER
AIChE Meeting: Dr. KCnnoth Johnson will speak on “Enginecung Problems In Nitropaiaifin Production” Wednesday at 7 :30 p m in room 129 of the EE Building. —WENDELL
Prof. Freeman Heads
Col. Wheeler Heads
Reserve Officers: All students holding commissions in the Oiganized Reserve Corps report to the Adjutant in the Aimoiy as soOn as convenient —RIORDAN
Nutritional School Alaska Road Project
Tau Kappa Alpha: Luncheon Friday noon, OLtobi.r 30, at the same spot —WEISS
Sophomore Debris Workers: Important meeting Monday at 4 p. m for photography, business and editorial staffs in Debris Workshop. Bung 75 cents —KRULL
Prof. Lull Announces New Debate Team
Companies to visit campus; Bell Aircraft, Buffalo, New York ■—November 2 and 3. Interested in ME, AeroE. Bethlehem Steel Co., Bethlehem, Pa.—November 4 and 5. Bendix Products Di\., Bendix Aviation Corporation, South Bend, Ind.—November 5 and 6. Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Corp., Brackeniidge, Pa.—November C, Devoe & Raynolds Co., Inc., Louisville, Ky.—November 6. Inteiested in women chemists. Pan American Airwaj.s, Inc., Jackson Heights, N. Y.—Nov. 9. Bureau ot Naval Personnel— V-7(S)—for Buieau of Naval Ordnance, Chicago, 111.—Novembei 12, 13 and 14. Inteiested in Decembei ME, EE, CE, and ChE. Joint Recruiting Board—Aimy, Navy, Marine Coip.s-Coast Guard— Coluinbu.^, Ohio—Nov 17 and 18 McDonnell Aircialt Corp., St. Louis, Mo—Oetobei 30 Inteiested m ME, CE and AeioE Bell Sjstem (Wcstein Electiic and Bell Labs)—Novembei 6 and 6. We.slinghouse FJectiic and Manufacturing Co.—Nov 10 and 11.
Jim Bray, Louis Cohen, Geoige Zissis and Tim Tilton have been selected by Pi ofessois P. E. Lull and Leland Winch of the speech depaitment as members of the varsity debate team tor this yeai. Zissis and Cohen will be the affiimative debateis, and Bray and Tilton will take the negative side. The inter-collegiate debiite subject will be “Resolved that a Fcdeial World Government Should Be Established.” Ohio State debateis aic tentatively scheduled to open the debating meets here on Novembei 19.
Next Thursday and Friday, November 5 and 6, the third annual Nutrition School will be held at the University. Special emphasis will be placed on the correct feeding of livestock to be used for food in the national emergency. The instruction will consist of lectuies and directed discussion groups on the geneial subject of the nutritive values of available feeds and their present most efficient use. Prof. V. C .Freeman will direct the school Thuisday and the progiam of authoritative speakers includes Prof. H. J. Reed, Fied K. Sale, Secretaiy of Indiana Grain Dealer’s Association; Dr. G. Bohstedt. University of Wisconsin, and Prof. C. L. Shrewsbury, who will lead the discussion group. At the evening session, Piof. J. H. Maitin will act as toastmaster and' Pi of. J. C. Bottum will speak on “Feeding the World”.
Tutors Must Register
Before 5:30 Saturday
NO MORE ’42 DEBRIS Will Be Sold After Nov. 2 ORDER YOURS NOW
Price — $4.50
Signal Corps., Washington, D. C. —Inteiested in students with college degiee and trained in either English, Mathematics, oi foieign languages.
Fancy Plaid Shirts
Cotton $2.50
Part Wool All Wool .
. . . 6.95 . . . 6.95
Reversible Corduroy Coats
$9.95 to $13.50
dhae/iX.
EA5T SIUE UF SOUAFIF
Col. John W. Wheeler, CE ’14, former chairman of the Indiana State Highway Commission, is now in charge of constructing the 1,630 mile Alaskan highway in the Yukon territory. This road will be open to army ti’affic in November. Col. Wheeler is a former tiustee of the University, having seived from 1937 until last June. Louis Ruthenburg of Evansville was named as his successor since the Alaskan road building project and army duties required much of Col. Wheeler’s time. Mrs. Wheeler and their sons aic continuing to leside on their faim near Crown Point, duiing' Col. Wheeler’s absence.
Debris: All orpranizations with 80 per cent lepicsentation in the purchase of the Debris, will please submit tlu list of their members by Novembei 3 so that the Debris Business Staff can check and awuid a fiee Debris to those organizations. A minimum of 14 must belong to the organization in order to qualify. —MINTON
Alpha Lambda Delta: Initiation will be held at 8 am. Sunday morning in room 232 of the Union. Attendance is compulsory. - —RIGGS
Eta Kappa Nii: Copy of t/c latest edition of the “Budge” may obtained at the ElcLtiical Engineeiing o/lc'. Thty are on the top of the Icft-hau-d cubin< t
--KIEPER
Classified
Ads
SCA Board* Spicial meeting Tutsdav, Nov 1, at 7:30 p m Election of officcis \m1! be held Piodse be piestnl ' —MOGAVERO
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gtfnii, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Ldan Office,
407 Columbia. ,
Alpha Phi Omega: Outdoor cimpfiK* meeting Tuesday November 3 at Rose St, ontnince to Happy Hollow Group will have the Union at 7 .30 shaip KUCK
Typewriters—Adding iWacnSnes, all sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayrtte. Phone 2779.
Hueifer-Bradshaw
Wanted—You may not be in the Armv but YOU can do youi share by doing botne job h(ie which has to be done. Apply Purdue Union Caftciia for work
Announce Marriage
Lost—A lady’s Koltl Elgin wrist watch with bliuk band Call 2229 or bco Bettv Caity Wood Hall Reward.
Graduate Dames
To Sponsor Dance
student tutoib who wish to register with the Student Senate must do so this afternoon liom 4 until 5:30 01 tomoiiow in the Senate office in the Union. Foi seveial ycais the Senate has operated as a clearing house for tutoimg seiviccs. This year tutois will leceive sixty cents per hour. Puce fixing has been banned
Husbands of the membeis of the Giaduate Dames CIpb will be enteitained by their wives at an informal Hallowe’en dance tomoiiow at 8 30 in room 363 of the Union. Sui prise events and card games aie planned for those who do not wish to dance by the hostess. Mis. L. C. Fishei.
Lt. L L. Hiintei, giaduate ot the University, was mairied to Juno Biadshaw at St. Mary’s church yesterday moining at nine. Lt. Huntei is a graduate of officeis’ school at Aberdeen, Md., wheio he is now an instructoi in ordnance at the proving grounds. Before his entrance into the aimed forces, Lt. Huntei w.as employed in Hageistown wheie June Biadshaw lived. The seivice was peitoimed by Rev. J E. Holland, and was celebrated with high mass.
Loi>t—SCA pm, initmis A. E. S Anna Shively, 2565 Reward.
Missing—Man’s Coat. Alligator “Gold Labd’ lamcoat, probably exchanged m Bla/(i Satin dav night with Alligator Wtathd Stjle”, size 36, short “|iub” Label
which I now have. To exchange coats call
Jean Lauer, 5031
Lost—Number 703,865 K & E Slide Rule in case Winslow, phone 7026
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
HITS THE MARK FOR 20 MILLION READERS
VttSWWrDH
By Drew Pearson
merry-go-roumd
Twenty million people read what Drfew Pearson reveals in his column of special report, interpretation and comment upon national and international affairs and the men who mold them.
Because those twenty million find in the column alert, exclusive news-getting, crisp and to-the-point news-writing, disclosures of beneath-the-surface motives and movements—able and unswayed thinking. You'll find The Washington Merry-Go-Round
THE
PURDUE EXPDMEIVT