ft--I
'■ -u&f‘J'''‘''I''W--r,' "•//,• '■ - -I '■' ,1' f/iv ,»' ;?.'Z’*'y"', ‘/••);''‘iy‘'S^ 'i^^it'ri,-"''J ■ >il’, - y'i- '' >" ■'. -‘'tf'.>’^‘''?’'i‘;-'‘y‘''‘" “I-■ '^. "» ' , ‘ , ,' ;•! \"f \' ' , i ' ‘ ' ’ ^ >'/ *'•' , I ', 5. „'• . ■<■■,', ' ' ii , ■' j i ,....’ ‘ I I -, . ' ‘ u -■ ' *r' '
■ ‘f '' % f ^ f
\Y\7Wwi4' 'rf g» f ' %■ : -.f ,i-*-
k /
■k)
, ‘I- j AsiL-v
•S^ST"''', ■ ’'f'W
r^r*
IProf.C. B. Murphy Talks At Third Defense Convo Today In Fowler Hall
Edifor DefendB War Attitude of Americans People; See Page 2
Established 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 53^ No. 123
West Lafayett’e, Indiana
Friday, February 20, 1942
9lie mSUfWTOM MlRRY-OO-ROUI
Burrin To Provide Music For Cabaret Mixer Tomorrow
Dance To Feature Tables, Soft Drinks In Ballrooms
Reggie Childs To Play For Pan-Hellenic Ball Tonight In Union, 8:30
Prof C. B. Murphy Will Talk At Third Defense Meeting
By Drew Pearson and Robert 8. Allen MGR Suggests Board l^or Eldl'i' Statesmen; Huir Act As Chai rman WASHINGTON, Feb. 19.—In lost Franklin Roosevelt laisecl one of the most controversial issues of bis nine ywirs in ofiice—the conleniion that older men wei-e not qualified to serve on the Supreme Court of the United Slates. That issue precipitated weeks of Congressional debate and literally tore the country apart. It split the Democratic Party, and some of the wounds from the battle still have
nbt healed.
During the Supreme Court fight, the authors of this column published a book called “The Nine Old Men” which made it quite clear that for better or for worse we concurred with the President that older justices should give way to younger men, just as army and navy oflicers ai‘e rerjuired to retire after reaching
the age of 64.
And having sided vigorously with Roosevelt in the Supreme Court fight we cannot be accused of inconsistency when wo state ihiit we think it is equally prejudliiial to the public^ good for older men to retain important cabinet positions—especially in
time of war.
A Supremo Court justice has virtually important decisions to make. But he has weeks in which to make them. He can discuss the issues pro and con with his colleagues if necessary over a period of months. However, a Secretary of State, War or Navy in wartime must make decisions affecting the security of 130,000,000 people and must make those decisions in hours or even minutes. Therefore, if Pi’esideijt Roosevelt believes older men are not qualified to make much more deliberate legal decisions, then even more are old men unqualified to make imincdiale wartime decisions affecting tlic safety
of the nation.
• The Four Old Men At present, the President has in his cabinet four men over seventy (Continued on page 2) Marine Corps Will Accept Applicants For Training Course Applications for the Marine Corps Candidates Class will still be accepted, it was announced today^ by Lt. Harold A. Hayes, liaison officer in charge of enlisting college students for this officers training course. The quota has been filled, but students who apply now will be used to fill vacancies which may be caused by the failure of earlier applicants to pass the necessary phyical examination. May Complete Education Students who enlist for the Candidates Class will be allowed to complete their education and graduate before being sent to the Marine Corps School at Quantico, Va., for a three months’ course leading to second lieutenant’s commission in the Marine Corps Reserve. Application blanks may he obtained by writing to Lt. Hayes at the Marine Corps Recruiting Station, 406 Kresge Building, Indianapolis. Lt. Hayes and a medical officer will he on campus March 17, 18, and 19 when physical examinations will be given to those men who have made application. Prof. R.B. Wiley . . . head of the School of Civil Engineering, spoke on tlie subject "Engineciing Education” at the monthly meeting of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers, held last night in the State Board of Health Building in Indianapolis.
Organized coeds and their escorts will dance to the music
Tomorrow night’s regular Union of Reggie Childs and his or-
mixer, held n, both ballrooms will
be the first Cabaret dance of the , n , • , , year. Tables and chairs will sur- « Panliellcnic Ball tonight, round the dance fioor. Soft drink Second ill a series of February menus will be on each table, and all-CampUS formals, the ball rcfreslimeiits will be served in the demands formal dross and begins at ballrooms. Admission price wdll be 8:30 in the south ballroom of the $1.10. Conforming to the present Union. war-time coed hours, the mixer will jj newcomer here, Childs began at 8:30 and end at 11:30 played for the Cary Hall dinner O’ ''*• dance formal last year. Ills band The darrk green backdrop with played for the Cary Hall, dinner light green vertical stripe.s at each York, before starting its present end will have “Union Cabaret” in L_ large letters in the center and Hash- jvfy corsages will be worn at the ing lights bebiud. Large wine hot- formal Women’s Pan - Hellenic tics will serve as band fionts. tonight in the Union. Wabash Ambassadors Budge Burrin and bis Wfibasli tour of colleges and universities Ainbas.sadors will play. Bunin or- throughout the country. Featured gaiiized hi.s band iluriug the four vocalists with the orchestra are yeais lie .spent at Wabasli Colloge. Betty Carter, Neil Courtney and Mai During the summers of ’38 and $39 Emerson, his orelie.slra played on trans-Al- Career Started In Radio lantic liners and t oui’cd Europe Foi'tunale experience over the laler in the .summer. radio brought Child,s, a Loudouor, a The Iraud has a five-day week yy-n- long contract with the Hotel stand all last summer at tire Shades, Roosevelt in New York City. Therca summer resort in Indiana. They after he had many engagements have also played foi University ^ith hotchs, theaters, clubs and coldances. leges. Duke, Princeton, Notre Dame, Bob Denk, “seat-singer,” and Yale, Alabama, Pittsburgh and VunJean Loveless, novelty song spe- dcrbilt have been included in his colcialist, will do the vocals for Bur- jofre tours.
Bomar Cramer, Indianapolis Concert Pianist, Will Appear At Musical Convocation Sunday
To Discuss Hemispbeie Relations Today At 4
“Hemisphere Relations' today at 4 in Fowler Hall. This talk is the third in a series of
Prof. C. B. Murphy, of the history, government and eco^
Bonier Cramer, concert pianist from Indianapolis, nomics department, will Speak will present the first program in the new series of “
Sunday afternoon musical convocations Sunday at 3 p. m. in the Music Hall. The concert is open to the
public as well as the general student body, and neither convocations Sponpassports nor tickets will be required for admission. gQy0(j Jjy fhi0 Student War Doors of the Music Hall will open at 2:15. Council, and presented by Cramer, considered by many critics as “a remarkable rnembers of the history, government representative of music in America,” did not begin and economics department. The pnrliis formal musical education until he was twelve, when pose of the talks is to better acids talent was brought to the attention of Pettis Pipes quaint students with reasons for of the Kiddkey Conservatory. He studied with Pipes ^^d effects of the war.
The first two speeches by Prrrf.
jerg on January 30 and February 6
respectively, dealt with economic
aspects and changing conditions in
the post World War I period.
Hitler “Son Of War”
Prof. Albjerg stated that the foundations for the present war
Bomar Cramer
Sororities Hold Tickcls
Dorothy Benson and Silvia Pittman are serving as ticket co-chair-men for the dance and Elizabeth Kissam is chairman of the decorations committee. Barbara Ann Adkins, president of the Women’s Panhellenic Council, has announced that
tickets are available at
houses.
WBAA To Present PIA Open Forum Tonight WBAA will present the PIA Forum tonight from 8 to 8:30. Tills
Lark-Horovilz Will Talk To Coeds Of Experimental Science Group Today At 2 Dr. Karl Lark-llorovitz, head of tlni physics department, will speak to the members of the Experimental Curriculum for women in the School of Science on types of defense work for which the incmlicrH of the group today would be especially qualified. The meeting will be held in the reception room of the
Union at 2 p. in.
Those who attend the meeting will be the third in a new .series of will lie excused from cla.sses held hi,udent discussions groujis. Subject at the lime of the ineeling. Tlioy for consideration will lie “Rccrcamay obtain excuse slips from the tioii and the Student.” ofiice of Assistant Dean Coolidge Participants in tlie foj’uni for toaftcr the meeting. According to night will he Robert Reveal, Elton Dorothy A. Boves, superior of the Jolin.son, Lloyd Bartlett, Agnes McExperiinental Curriculum grofip, it Culloch and Oscar Lappi. is higlily desirable that all menilicrs According to Damon Elder, PIA of the group attend. ' president, those taking part in these
programs are chosen impartially;
Pi Beta Phi anyone wishing to Lake an active
part in a future broadcast may con-
. . . social soiority, announces the tact Oscar Lappi under whose dirccinitiation of the following: Alice tion the programs are arranged.
Martin, Riishville; Adide and Bertlia Cole, Nyack, N. Y.; Peg Hopkins, River Forest, 111.; Marge Leonard, Indianapolis; Charlotte Piric, Evanston, HI.; Virginia Reynolds, Lafayette; Katherine Bruclc, Indianapolis; Jean Busenbark, Crawfordsville; Jane Grimmer, Indianapolis; Mari-
5.00 or better, were named on a list released yesterday by the Under the direction of Bob Parks, sorority Univer.sity. This number compares to 423 who made distin- the Puttering vShops, a conguished in the last semester of last year. High freshman in- ’Tbeing sponsored for students
dices decreased from 102 to 86, —
while tlie nurabei’ of distinguished sophomores fell from 102 to 77 and juniors from 110 to 96. Tlie senioi- class had 101 as compared lo 109 for the previous .semester. Joiiri II. Ainistrong, junior ME was the only student with a
6..5 index.
Las I
until 1921, and later spent several years in New York
studying under Josef and Rosiiia Lhevine, duo-pianists lou/s' M. Sears and Prof. V. L. Alb-
who appeared here last year in one of the regular convocations. He has also studied with Rudolph Ganz in
Chicago.
New York Debut
Cramer made his American debut in Aeolian Hall, New York, in 1926. Since that time he has appeared with orchestras and played recitals in many cities including Chicago, Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Indianapolis,
Dayton. Ann Arbor, St. Louis, Dallas, Los Angeles were at Versailes. He called Hitler and Uciiver. In 1936 he was invited by the Federal ^ “son of war,” explainihg him as Government of Mexico to play in Mexico City as a ^ direct result of Germany's condipait of the five-year educational plan of that nation, ^ion after the war. Convocation Committee Louis Sears, speaking on “From The committee in charge of the new convocation Isolation to Participation,” gave a scries consists of William Farbcr, chairman, and Mil- review of “intellectual climates” (See “Cramer” on page 4) and economic forces of the period _________________________________________ preceding our entry into World War
I to our engulfment in the present
conflict.
Prof. Murphy was scheduled to speak last Friday, but the program was postponed until today because of the second All-University War
Convocation.
Three talks are scheduled after the one to be given today. Members of the history, government and economics department who will address students in the future meetings ar« Prof. J. W. Robinson, on “The BIB
University Report Names 364 Parks To Supervise
Students On Distinguished List
A total of 364 diKlinguiahed studeiits having indexos of COflVO CoVer DeSIQrr
Playsflop Tickets
who wish to submit original designs for a new University convocation
Mad orders are now being filled e^ntest will be Mrs7K.“Lark-Hoi7-
lor reserved seat tickets for the next
program cover. 1 hose designs must ui. • -nr rr- „ , , 1 ■ i .T n L. 7 of Rights in War Times”; PtOT. Rob-
be turned in to the Puttering Shop ^ by 12 noon April 20. Judging the
Playsliop iirodaction, “Beyond the Iloi izoii,” to 1)0 presented next week. Coiiiions, .specifying desired and seal location, should be sent' to
-in-iii- 18 di.slHij,'lushed slu- ,1^^, Fowler Hall denis had indices over G.09; last sc- .self-addressed cniiiestei only 12 reached I his goal, vpiype ,(• ^ley me [q returned by
Those making 6:00 are:
Freshmen: Edward D. Boston, rpj,^ Monday
Wail, Engi- j-p,. reservations and purchase
of single adniission tickets for 75
cents.
vitz, Prof. Justus Rising, and Prof. Marion Willoughby, who will award
ert Phillips, who will speak ok “Peace After the War,” and Prof. J. A. Estey, head of the departanefli, who will give the last lecture on “Post-War Economics.” Passports
feeK. I J 11 J1 £• , • 1 Jrust-vvai cicuiiuuucs. ten dollars as the first prize and . , ■ , - j • • date <-111 1 • will not be required for admission.
A five dollars as second iirize. F. H. Knight To Speak To Scientific Workers
Former ROTC Heads Receive Promotion
Engiiieer; Tlionia.. .1. iieer; Myron L. Bender, Sc
Sophomores; Mary Lou Egan. HE; Franklyii K. Levin, Sc.; Ellen
Se.’iiiglil, Sc.
.luniors: Ceoi ge iC Cooper, EE; John 11. AriiislI’ong, ME; Warren G. Koeriier, ME. In tliird'year ME, Vic-
tor Allwaul.
Senioi: Ccrbaid A. Not hniaiii^,
ME; Cceilia M. Willy, HE.
Aeeuiiling Lo Ihe scbool:, the School of Clu'iincal Eiigiiieeriiig bad Die moiL disLin.guislied sludonts.
pri
Definite specifications arc required. The design must be appropriate to the Music Hall and the text now on the present programs must be retained in the new designs. Samples of programs now in use can be obtained from the Put-
American Association of Scien-
Prom Contest For Backdrop To End Feb. 28
29,
Carlos C. Brewer and John E. Me- too u.o,u o,-.Lm.guiMieu siuuenis. Deadline for the annual contest Mahon, two former military com- nith total .,197; Mechamci! Eng,- for Prom backdrop has been set for mandants of the University, ROTC iieeruig following with .56; Home ytituiday Fell 28 at 6 p in The
l.yn Kug’el, Highland Park, 111.; Jane Corp^, have recently been promoted Economics n iDi 15; Elect: ical Engi- boniest, which began Jan.
to the rank of brigadiei general in neei mg w'llh 29; Agriculture with
the U. S. Army.
Gen, Brewer lield the rank of inacy with 9; Metallurgical Eiigilieutenant colonel while on duty iieermg w'ith 5; Tiade and Industrial here from 1933 lo 1937. McMahon, Engineeimg with 3; Public Service holding the rank of major, was on Engineering with 2, and the total dut.v here from 1928 to 1933. Freshman Engineers with 54.
Scheip, Tipp City, 0.; Elizabeth Sexton, Rushvillc; Carolyn- Wood, Lafeyette; Barbara Wiley, Lafayette; Betty Ward, Indianapoli.s; Cora Mae Mersbach, Wilmette; and Marge
Miller, Evanston, 111.
teriiig Shops in the Union. Each tific Workers will hear Dr. Frank student may submit as many de- H. Knight next Monday evening at signs as he wishes as long at it is 7:30 p. in. in room 106 of the Chemdrawn in India ink on white illus- istry building. Dr. Knight, teacher (ration board 12x18 inches. Size, and lecturer on the staff of the Unistyle, placement of the type to be versity of Chicago, 'will speak OS used and the sample layout are all “Empiricism, Rationalisms, and Roto be indicated in pencil. manticism in Social Sciences.” A All designs will be judged on the special invitation is extended tO basis of originality, appropriate- students and faculty, and the meetness, good proportion, and careful ing is open to the general public, drawing. Dr. Knight is a member of the
department of economics of the
Dr, L, I . i^CBee- university of Chicago, and several
University staff members who have
of tlie chemistry department taken courses under him.. The lec-
1; Civil Engmeei mg vvilli 20; Pliar- Saturday to ad- lure is second in a series on science,
PI uxiniaic coh.1 ol tlit the Hendricks County Teach- the first being delivered by anoth^
Miay TH)( exceed $100, and all con-
blniction details must be given with Future of the Nation.”
the entry. The theme is to be original, and must include complete
ers’ Institute on “Chemistry and nieiiiber of the University of Chi-
cago faculty, Dr. R. H. RavighurSt*
Here’s A New Kind Of ‘Shell’ Game . . .
Hens, Science Cooperate To Supply
Britain s Market With Dried Eggs
tlie proces.sing iihuits. The MidStates Company daily accumulates a ton of shell foi ea'di of five carloads u.sed during Die w'orkiiig day. Shells are given away at-will, but
By George Starr
Defense needs and war exigencies ” space, have necessarily created demands Marlin Vi.sits Plant
for new .services and tiemendoiisly ' Dr. J. Holmes Martin, head of Hie have expanded the volume of exist- poultry, departmeiit, recently iiiing industry. An excellent example spected” the aforemeiitioiied Indianof the small, nonessential industry apolis plant, the Mid-States Frozen wdiich becomes of international iin- and Dried Egg Company, and reportance is seen in Indiana’s grow- ports on its tremendous capacity, ing egg drying industry. He compares its size to the inteShippiiig and cold storage prob- i ior of the heating plant here. The
loins have made the transpoit of four-story plant produced 345 thou- Scrambled Eggs ‘•hell eggs lo Britain impractical, sand pounds of dried cgg.s in .laiiu- In the diyiiig process Die shell For several month-., diicd eggs ary, or, in more uiidcrslandalile egg.^ aie lirsi ms))eeted and eanfroin such plaiils as Die Indian- terms, handled the daily output of died and all iiu'dible eggs leimned. apolis, Union City and Terre Haute eggs produced by roughly 1,090,000 Each egg is then individually biok
plans for Die backdrop, liaiid fronts and any additional dccoialioiis for
the walls or ceiling.
Final skelclies may be handed in to eilhei Hany Hudson or Jim Reeves in the Student Union ofiice. .Iiidges for the plans wdll be memburs of the Prom Committee, with
Dick Ball as chainiian.
Beauty Queens Will Serve At Banquet As Receptionists Twelve beauty queens recently sc-
an ecoiiomieal use ior tlicse by- j„ Dcbri.s beauty contest
products would incieasc the. efii-
cieiicy of Die whole pioeess
anyone liave an idea iuid a desiie
for egg shells d.idy?
'Early' Rehearsals, Long Hours Bring Success To Johnny Long
By'Bill HosKius
An iiiliinate glance into a re- at the time. The homf hearsal of the Johnny Long band, B^'oundb idea for rehearsals hW scheduled to play here next Friday 1^®®“ explained, but the band for the Sophomore Cotillion, would “‘einbcrs think that Johnny is a litrcvcal a surprising picture of the “® superstitious and considei-s the
genial, left-handed violin playing
niiiestro. At these rehearsals in the Skull and Crescent, sponsors of the Cotillion, announced last night that the dance will begin at 8:30 instead of 9 and last until 12^30,
concerns have been :iri iving in Brit- hens.
present location as a good luck spot* As a general rule Johnny Lotig*3 band learns five or six new tunes )|i week. The regular procedure is foip the hand to run through the new number in its entirety, and then tftl@ it apart, ii!;iyuig it a section at a
will serve as receptionists at the fif- wee hours of the morning Long tune
teenth annual meeting of the Great- drops the professional affability Baud Members Offer Criticism er Lafayette Chamber of Commerce used on the bandstand to assume an Wlion the arrangement has been and at the banquet to he held Mon- almost grim, slave-driving attituiie worked through several times, John-
ny relaxes the usually strict dfe* cipline of rehearsals of the band who give .suggestions and criticisms. The band, formed at Duke UniveVsity ill 1931, received very little vecognition until the past two or three
day at 6:30 p. m. in both ballrooms to get things accomplished, of the Union. Reheat sals < f Die liaiul aie called Those serving are: .leaime Burk- at least Lw'ice each weel\, and are holder, Belle Lu Krudiq), .lean invariably held from about I to 5 Lauoi', Roberta Lewis, Marge Lib or 0 in the morniiig, after the evo-
en by gills who, aie tiaiiied with berl, Jo Ann Meiiefee, Margaret niiig’s w'ork is done, ami while the
Coiisequciit saving in w'cight Perhaps one of Die industry’s an- Lheir semse of smell and sight to Miller, Jeanne Moses, Marilyn band members are still in a mood years. Now Johnny Long’s uatBt|
boasting a personnel of 13 playbrtt and singers, has to its credit severflil well-1 eceived Decca records and m total of more than 260 NBC broad-
casts in the last year.
exceeds 76 poi cent. Thus, 9.8 lbs. noyiiig problems has occurred lo detect any egg defects. Since each O’Hara, Ann Ostrander, Virginia lo concentrate on music of dried egg powder represent 45 you. Would you evei imagine that egg is broken into an individual Riley and Pat Smith. Tliese coed-i Rehcafrse On Location lbs. of shell eggs,A one-gallon disposal of broken egg shells could contained before it is tripped into will be guests of the Cliainbei of In nine cases out of Leu, the rebucket holds the 30 dozen eggs cause a headache ? In reality, this the large containei, questionable Commerce and w'ill bo seated at spe- hearsals arc held in the hotel roojn which formerly occupied two cubic situation is a very real problem to (Continued on page 4) eial tables at the banquet. or theatre w'here the band happens
,((rjif t T't 4 I *■“ ’■,:
Purdtie Expon^M
•, February 20, 1942
PhjMdelphia
, n^WSJiappvnipii donned the !Um^n|is o,£ Qerni^^^^ subniarinp officers, swastjlkfis and al!,. and marched through the streets
of Philadelphia. No one paid any attention ,^y; ?Wit9i;ialists and commentators throughout the country picke^ up this humorous mas-
gU^rade as an example of th^ complacency of
American pepplp. Tliey^ pointed accusing
fingers at the poor citizens of Philadelphia
and said, “Why don’t you wake up? You
d^’t ^yen knp'vy ,w,e’re at war. German offic^f ynarch through your streets and you do
ri(^thing but give them a polite nod. This is the type of attitude that rpined France.” V I{o:vyever> it seems as if the accusers are
niakii^ a mountain out of a mole hill. Sane and calm Americans would do exactly what
p^plp of Philadelphia did. Foreign Spies
§,nd 4^ose bent on destroying the United $|a|ps ,jpst don’t walk around in Nazi uni-
foians with swastilms on their arms. ^ese editorialists and civiHap-defense ex
Persbiiztil
’ Goiapatties Scfedulcd To Visit
the Campus — , /
If any senior is'interested in ah
erep
ful air-raid practice because of the indiffer-
ence of . the people. ..
However, Englishmen regard practice air
raids as a waste of valuable tittie and money, interview with any 6f the following ^ date, and a cdmparaand except for the plane spotters and other companies, complete one of the yel- outlook 01 tie weec-en
Here it is Friday morning, colder
air raid Wardens, life in London continues low t'Reqnest foi-Interview’! cards, or g^^^ in its normal fashion in the ™ddle of an actual ^S'Je'nSiSby'cS -fo back to bed and stay till Monraid. But not so in this country. We have our Personnel Office when to morning, air raid wardens, tyhich of course are neees- schedule .for an interview: > . . WCQH[.?. t, , sary, but ,the authorities; who, seem deterr Caterpillar Tractor Company, Pe- Tonight we are onqe again pUt at mined tp keep the people in a\constant state oria, Illinois, P^b, 17. the liiercy of the coeds as we attend of nerves, have drawn up a long list of raid Dravo -Corporation, Pittsburgh, bigges^ toed-bi^ regulations, covering everything fi;om tying Pa. Feb. 18. ..... Lrorities ' sponsoring this up to the dog and fuming off the kitchen stpye Bell System—an mancnes. Feb. gyn.jjjg, excellent judgto diving into the nearest air raid shelter, 18, i^, go,; ■ . ^ ' ipeiit in the . pidkin^ Perhaps we should copy the conduct of the Ellibtt. Company, Cincinnati, 0. Chnds' band to play for the three
Feb. IS. ' hours. Eeggie hgs an old orgfyiteaT §tgndard Oil of Indiana, Whiting, tion and has reqlly built up a fine
Ind. Feb. 18.
English people, who do npt encourage hysteria in the face of slight danger.-: < .1 ?; • We believe that the indifference of the
citizens of;Philadelphia, those (whp failed te j^’Y^peb.*!^
get excited about air raids, and the rest of ‘NCvar AviatioiC Cadet Board - the people of this country is.based on common group MEETING 4:00 p. ml, Feb sense. The longer we, retain that copimdn I8jj.>5i,!tn^: li i,r:\
sense, the sponer lye will complete the big •''Bethlehem; Steel Company, Beth- listen to Bob Hope; we bebnme very job that is ahead of us. However, , the-aiU- I®kem,l pa;i-National Supply'Com- interested m the wrestling: hopt.
perts have used the “Philadelphia Story” as thorities seem to be working onlithe theory pa»yy''Pittsburgh; Ea.oFeb. 20ii!--v perels nothing hke it! It wasoyy • ' . 1 . ■ y • -j . i , ■ , , 1,. '“DbwiCliemical Comnanv, Midland, first, but you can be assured we-W'u ipst one. m.,^ long string of incidents that that our morale and fighting spirit MfcmSSb- be there at every opportunity in the they think display , t he complacenciy of the improved by scaring us to deaths,, doubt. I' DraVo’ Corpofation,!- Pittsburgh, future with the ever increasing numaverage American citizen. They point to the that this will eyer prove a success, and Pa.^Feb; IS;' ME/i C-E, EBy CfiB, her of enthusiasts. Northwqslern failure of the people tp perform as they should learn to jump at every little shadpwy .as: some Met.-B, and' PSE. Also, juniors for will bring its team here tomorrow', ill air raids as indicative of our inability to would have us do, we’re going to be so jittery s.ummewwoi’k-■' drop up to the baslwtball floor of realize that we are at war. Excited civilian- in a few months that the nation will need a ■' Hkimisehfegor Gorpofation, Mil- the stadium and see the gruiiters
defense experts have yet to stage a success- long rest-cure.
group of musicians and “specials”
Shell Oil Company, New York, in arrangements.
WGOH?
Tomorrow afternoon offers something unusual in excuses ,'to get dates. Last Tuesday night we didu!t
Mer^^Qo-Round
(.Continued from page 1)
or in their late sixties holding im
•portant wartime positions
are
Henry L. Stirason, 7.5, Secre-
tary of War.
'jC^Ordell Hull, 70, Secretary of
State.
-Frank Knox, (58, .Secretary of the.Navy. J^sse'Jones, 68, Secretary of Coyfimerpe and in charge of our Ipan^ for rubber, aluminum and tin wbicb in®y m®^” defeat or
victory.
These menj are among the President’s closest friends and supporters. Sojne have been with him a long time. They are men of great distinction, dignity and charm. But if/thc President is correct that older men cannot function as effectively, then all the more certainly men around seventy have not the physical steeug^h. or. alertness to prosecute an all-out war against the most alert, 'ruthless and resourceful enemies this country has ever faced. , Furthermore, wliether the President was right or wrong in his arguments regarding the age of Supreme Court justices, it remains a fact that some of his older cabinet members have made mistakes of judgment regarding our raw mate
Coed Debaters Leave For Conference At NU Five coeds of the. University de-
They bate team Will leave this morning
to attend the Big Ten women’s debate conference being held this week-end at Northwestern Univer-
sity.
M Members Hlir Perry Ford
IMCsfl
Perry T. Ford, engineer; and; foi-
Repre^nting this^ University will national president of the Amer-
ican Society of Professional; Engineers, discussed the place that the
Waukee, Wte.—'Coming soou. : grunt.
Usbeo Mfg. Co., Inc., Frankfort, WGOH? Ind.—-Mar. 2i-;" •• Also Saturday afternoon finds ; Gorhing UlaSs Woi’kf^, *Chtt.tlero, PIA entertaining at the biPa.—Eeb.‘27i;ME, CHE, EE,' BS alid ^yeckly tea dance. 'Coeds and memPhB in Ghimistry.'Physicists. admitted free to the - Mefci'opolitan Life Ins.' Co.,, Actu- south ballroom to dance to the newarial'Division, New ^ork, N.ggj. j.ggords—an admission of ten Undergraduate men for summer ggj^^g .yyji] jjg charged all non-mem-work; especially those with a major [,gj.g_ ^
in mathematics, .^nyone interested, please sign up in the Personnel Office.' - ■' - .
be Jean Fouhtaine, Kathryn Howes, Janet Morehouse, Bette Gustafson,
■ The Elliott Company, Cincinnati,
Ohio—Fob,. 18'. ME and EE.
Eli Lilly and Co., Indignapoiis, Gme and in-oved very
WGOH?
Last fall the Union tried somethin,g new in the way of mixers. A cabaret theme was tried at that
successful;
the debate will bo, “Resolved: That at ttesecond mmual dinner--Hni Chemists, Chemical Engineers, and
the U. S. and the British Commonwealth of Nations should form
Permanent Union.”
:ind Faith Waynee. Yhe subject of engineer occupies in American life
meeting
of the Lafayette Chapter of the Society Of Professional Engineers, last Tuesday evening in the faculty lounge of the Union. Approximately 100 people from all parts of the state attended the dinner. Desirable Qualities The desirable qualities of an engineer which Ford stressed included the following: cooperative ability, consideration for others, intel-
L—Coming ' Soon.' Pharmacists, Saturday night the ballrooms of
chairs for the guests, and refresh ments will be. served to those attending the second dance of this
Henry L. Stimson, Cordell Hull, Jesse Jones and Frank Knox. Add to them, Bernard Baruch with his warlime experience and Charles Evans Hughes with his experience as Secretary of State and Chief Justice of the United States, and the nation would have a board of advisers completely independent of politics, completely free to criticize anything which went wrong, capable of making suggestions to the Presi-
dent himself.
• Elder Statesrnan Hull
Science. . i
Detroit Edison Co., Detroit, Mich.—Feb. 24..Juniors for summer
wor fico.
Kellogg Co., Battle Greek, Mi®b. fo*' darn.good time.
—Feb. 2;!. EE and ME. Also sophomores anil juniors ME, EE, and
ChE lor .sun’iUU'.r woik. If interested tlohnny Loi
in an interview, sign up in Personnel Office before 1 p. m. Friday,
Feb. 20.
1 Friday, February 20 9:00 A.M.—First Aid Meeting ..Room 305, Union 4:00 P.M.—War Lecture—Professor C. B. ; ' ' ■ Murphy ...Hall of Music': 7:3P P.M.—Mixed' Recreation.,,;............... .Memorial Qymri^iu|^:; 9,;0p. P.M.-T-Wopvpn’s, Pan .D^nce North Ballrooi^, ^^jon
To Keppfg JifiwiwJ Cpflprpjp Keynote of the third annual short course fop ready mixed concrete to be held held. Tuesday and Wednesday will be centered about aid to war effort of, the nation derived frorn the mixing of .concrete enropte from the jjjant to the. job so that it may be poured into place immediately upon arriya}.... A,nnouncement of this gathering, which is expected to attract more, than lOb engineers, contractors; and public officials, was made, yesterday by B- B.' Crepps, of the civil engineering staff , who is in charge of the Short course. To Begin Tuesday Morning The two-day program will get under way next 'Tuesday morning with a discussion of the school and showing of films on processes in cement manufacture. The afternoon session will consist of three discussions on va)'ious phases of the ready mixed concrete field led by V. P. Aliern, Chicago, secretary of the National Ready Mixed Concrete Association; P. M. Welch, construction engineer for the American Aggregate Corporation; and W. W. Hadley, Indianapolis, bridge engineer for the Indiana State Highway Commission. Demonstrations Wednesday Concrete design and demonstrations on testing of laboratory samples of concrete will be taken up on Wednesday, Feb. 25.
The St. Louis University Seho.oF of Social Seryicqv;^ttnj()unopsiypi;(p.'fel-i lowships ip' . sg||a|l:(5YttrlC open to 'womtttt' 6ply. These feU lowships pEoyiie: tiultipn,* room; andj bourd'.'Eachi;'le%WBftip provide tuitioa, xioopj and, board. *Each felloiv-; ship ia .glyeW'fqp p, ''gdmpiete two4 year Irgipipg. ip;. -I^dical Social) work. Applications for. fellowship^ must be in before 'March 1,'' 194^/' .Prerequisites for Admission: 'Twen-i* ty-four credit hours in thO SOgiSF Science, Philosophy; Psychology, Bip’logy ■ (eighj; ■ hours' for' Social Work), Intrbdu.ftory.'Stafis;-, tics. ' ; ':'v ■ , 'For further informuiibn;,ttfefi:''fPf application blanks address Rev. A, H. Scholler, S.Sl, Director iBchool of Social Service, St. Louis University, St. Louis, Mis.souri,:,''',
4.H ql^b T ra irs i rs g Coiif6 reiicje; :■/ District 4-H Club, -with the' 'cooperation of Indiana Rotai®';.4piitii and the University, is continuing;:; its Adult Leader Training Confer^-; i ence Today in the Federal Building.;! at Bedford. , . ■ ;,:j: Participating in the two-day couff ference are Prof. H. F. Ains.worthf! Prof.,Z. M. Smith, Prof. May Mas-i;;; ten. Prof. W- R. Attiick, IVtiss Ednkj^ Troth, F.> L. McEeynolds, J, G. Ral;.i'. ston, Damon Catron, and A. ; Pij!; Stewart, all of the University staff<
Sign up in the Personnel Of- tyP®- P^ce will be $1.10 and the
Waba.sh Ambassadors will play—
WGOH?
Next week — C n t i 1 l,i o n
Null said.
11 g:c n t tolerance in considera- standard Oil of Indiana, Chicago, tion of other viewpoints, a good bal- ig, PhD, MS, BS. Chemisance in any situation, social accept- gg_ j,, chemical Engincer-
ance of and in the group, effective gg_ Plijesicists.
cui-ipsity, independent or creative p. s. Navy Yai'd, Naval Airci'aft thinking, self-direction in work, Philadelphia, Pa.—Feb. faith in intelligent methods, knowl- 26. ME (Aeronauticals), Chemists,
edge of one’s powers and limitations, Mets, Physicists,
serious thinking about basic
riilirm-in nf -i Jwirr) mio-lnl ^ ' ' — Naval Aviutioil Cadet Boal'll., 11 /-■ 1 11 TT 11 nr TT -11^ • ^u'^ipGons, sense of security, and the 111 Feb IS 19 20 Anv ^ be Cordell Hull. Mr. Hull will go Oliicago, 111.—tcD. is, 1.1, Any- '■ down as one of our great Seci’c- other Tnike ' ' interested .sign, up in the Peirials, regarding our relations with of His job on reduc- Y iri 1 n 1... / Konnel Office. , :
France and China, which if com- ,for tr-irle In addition to the addiess by I oid Naval Aviation Cadet Selection
mitted by regular army officers which also . listed contributions to
treaties alone will ensure' him of Til t 7 11" Board, Chicago Illinois. mursuay ^ ■1 nlaee in historv the common ^ood today, short talks ^nd Friday, Feb. 19 and 20. Come to --
would have been court martial of-
fense? in any. other administration.
a place ill history.
I'erably ME.
. were presented by Arthur F. Buer- Personnel Office immediately and
. n j rkt CM i. In recent months, however, Mr. kle.TippecanoecountyengineerwhOgcheduleintei-view f! Pf Statesipen Hull has lacked some of his old fire is chairman of the local chanter i> Y' * n- i r m i -1 - 4.i,„ , /-ii i-nyiiniciii uj. uil lULdi enaptei, Perlect Circle Co., Hagerstown, Theiefoie, we suggest that the and energy. Close friends say that Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the Schocl in,) —Feh 27 All ene-ineors m-e-Pi-esident be consistent >vith his the war has depressed him, and not of Civil Engineering; State Senator f ’ ^ -’I
Supreme Cowet theories and elevate for months have they seen him I. Floyd Garrott; Rev.-Doyle Mullen, bis-older cabinet officers to a Board smile. pastor of the ’chri'stian Church:’ of Elder Statesmen. Today, Secretary Hull, tired and Charles B. Keninicr, prosecuting at- .■ For. instance, he might take a fajjiag several months vaca- torney; Dr. J. W. Strayer, superinIcaf froni the book of Bernai-d Ba- fjoh. And like most conscientious: tondent of the Ross Sanitorium; ^ch who did such a bang-up job servants who have served Clyde Walb, president of the Indiana SB head' of the War Industries their counti-y long and well, he has Soeietyr of Professional Enginers; Board in thp last war. Time after jjttle money or resources to fall and T.R. Johnston of the. University.
time Baruch has been offered an important defense job in Washington; but time after time he has refuseB Baruch is. 72, says he is.npt as strong ^s he used to be, contends ho can he far more useful to the war effort if be remains independent, drawing no salary, but free to criticize and make sugge.slions. So qiice a \yeek Baruch cqme.s to Washington, drops in on his old friends in the Waiy Na-vj’ Departments, and the 0PM and “gives them hell.” An a j-esult he has made himself oneYof the most useful men in the
entii'e United States.
Equally useful could be a Board of‘Elder State.smen composed of ^ ^ ——
Prof. Ben Petty of the School of more Givil Engineering served as toast-
back on.
Therefore what could be
beneficial to the American people >aaster while 1. E. Shelburne was than for Cordell Hull to■ sit- on an clmirman of the committee in charge Elder Statesmen policy board, Nvith of the meeting, salary, without having to make a Entertainment was pi'ovided by hundred decisions a day, and. give W'lliam Kennedy, baritone soloist t he country the benefit of his de- 'lor the Glee Club, David .Simpson on tached, long-range vision—while solovox and Don Brinkerhoff, younger men run' the fa.st-moving
machinery, of opi' diploni^icy, (Another jMerry-Go-Round column on-other members of the “Four Old Men” will follow soon.
—Ed.)
(Copyi'ight, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) j
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK pR. HAROLD b'RISK
— DENTISTS —
4CI0.4p4 Schultz 8ldc|. 4th and Main St. Uatayettc
£xppmnL All-American 1940-Hl
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress Of March Sl lStS, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 11(13. act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922; Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ai)d b'eekly diiting the Summer Session. Delivered locally;by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subsi^rjlitions, $1.00.
Editor-in-ChUf. News Editor 8l^frtr -Editor...
. Ned A. Ochiltree Bii.sincs.s !>|anagcr,..;.. ..John L Tfaxigdtt Managine Editor ..Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Ron S. Powers ..Lclahd W. RulTncr .'....(Buth Kose
Publication Staff AauncUiB', tirlHom Editorial Staff; J. F. Ainw. .). U. Arnihtrong. D. T. Erophy, R. ;t,‘Hadl'-y. F. I. .lont'i,, E. 0. Kieper. Sporta Staff: O. T. Clark, J. I). F'rasor, J, S. Keclor. C-oed Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Aliei; Chatfiold, Jane Ramadell.
Business Staff Coril Iluaiiieafl lyianagcr: Ponna Siras: Office Manager: J.cc ' Hotsoiig. ’ ' ' ' l-)cal Advertising Managers: K. K. Ojumre. K. FY Suxton ; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. ' • Junior Coed Maiiagers; Jean Frankenborry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.' ' - '
Phones: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P, M., 5377
Ucp'roHontid for national advertising by National Advertising Service. Inc., Colh'ge Publishers Representativea, 4?0 Madison Avt., New irorU, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Nlfiit Editor: Rafert lakUe Editor: Armstrong
Sports Kditor; Kcelcr Day Editor: Boynton
Repyrters: Pickering, StenberK. Bcali, 'Wickard, Abrnns Laucr, Hass, Tiernuy, Vermillun, ThumpBon, Starr, . Ho.s IciiiB. ^
LEW UONEL AVRES • BARRYMORE inn AXAftS * Robert STERLING Jean ROGERS • Alma KRUGER
w ■At.;:: •i: qiti- ■i"
..I
' Last night the Phi Delt baskethall team failed down the lid on the 'campus basketball championship ivith an, easy win over the Ward 24 ^eam. It was just a merry chase |r6m the opening seconds of the game when Jim Rush opened the |?hi Belt scoring with a two-pointer irom quarter court.
Big First Half
? The first half was all in favor of |he fraternity team with the score ^t 'half time 18-5 in f^tror o| itli^. Jpreek letter men. At thig ^ |he second half the Phi Belts substituted an entire second team, and j;he Ward 24 team held them even for the rest of the game. ! Red Anderson with twelve points for the Ward team was the high point man for the coldest. ^urate scoring eye w^ iAc:c6jte^to|i ^ource of irritation to the victors, ^nd he managed to keai? 'Wsi^team |n the ball game, Bi<j^;.li|;J|ast^ jiopped the Phi Belt scoring with ^even points, and was closely fol- ; IM Schedules
f20, 1942
Page 3
..■b.V'
I^ed' jbjtiiTom-'^ and Bick Welty with six points. Itdsiasfcimghtls vic^o^-y. puts ^the 'Phi tip;. ii^hr^nhyjr^ basketball heap. Ward 24 had previously; i;def;|ated'''&e jCaryif d^ail cham^pgs,'V']la,^n win gives the Phi Belts an undis-
puted title. Phi Delta Theta
,,'2 , . BASKETBALL Cenct 1—Riiterskamp i;:0a ' 4:16 Ward 37 va; Ward 3 8:00 Ward 26 Va; Ward 6 8:16 Ward 26 vs. Ward 8 r, ' Court 2—Schwartz 7:00 Ward 28 Vsi Ward 10 t:16 Ward 12 vs. Ward 30 8:00 Ward 32 vs. Ward 13 |:15 Ward 24 vs. Ward 35 -1 . Court 3—Gates 7:00 Short Course 2 vs. Short Course 1. 7 :15 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 2, final. 7 :00 Ward 33 vis. Ward 17. § :16 Sipma Alpha Epsilon vs. Signia Phi ; ^; Epsilon. . ■ '■ j 11'■.Court 4—Holderman : r 7:00 ' short Course 6 vs. Short Course 3. 7:16 Short Course 4 vs. Short Couwe' G.. §;00 Battery AS vs. Battery G4, finaj, .
Hipp, f I.aMaster. f. MsW i ie Deyme, g. .. Mc|3,^jjie|, g. '’‘Tbiahi A'n'dersbn. f. iSehg,eff;‘,jf. .. BbniricU, c. .. ShS#'"*-'' •••• Tilly, g. Teg^ii^r., e-, ■■
WE APPR^IAfr tclii BUSINESS WHETMli if BE MUCH di liftli
yoU’Re,;always; WELCO^E,ATl.WALCREENS DRUG Mores
Both Squads Boast Soph Power Riveter With the 'first defeat of th^
their minds, the
Bivetejr matmen will attempt; to resume their winning way§ against Northwestern here
Saturday.
The Wildcats are led by Capt, Dick Trubey, tough 175^ pounder. Last season Dick won nine out of ten matches and has taken his first two bouts by falls this season. The other veterans returning are Myles Taylor at 128 and Ed McMil-
te)at 155.
Toiig]^! Sophomores !’ iFpw sophomores have been going great guns for the Wildcats thi? seasonLi .Nethercott, 121 pounder, topk:his first two matches in varsity competition by falls and appears to be well on his way to successful
year.
Maury Stern at 145 and Bave AL len at 166 have also shown promise in the early season meets. The team was considerably strengthened with the addition of another sophomore. Ivy. He was a member of the Northwestern football team last fall and is now handling the opposing heavyweights. The Boilermakers will also have a lineup studded with sophs. Mark Matovina has been improving steadily this season and will be expected to come through in his match with
^einst^ipj T^e§e boys iyill weiglti for. thee iSG pound class. McBonaldi Riveter soph/will meet Nethercott, one gf tKg N; H. sop,kopiprc3 in the opening match of the evening. Both boys have been going strong and will s.tai-t the match with p
tough battle.- ^ ;
Vclmer Bavis will also meet a seconU year man, Bave Allen in another sophomore battle* Y^lmgr has been making t^ing^ tough fgr his op-/ pohents all season and is being counted on for a victory tomorro^,: Last year the Riveters and Wildcats split in their two matches and both will be out to gain the edge. Capt. Casey h'reecleTicks predicts a tough meet but says we should win. This will bp the last home meet of the season and the public is invited
to attend.
The tentative lineups are as fol-
lows : Nethercott Taylor Weinstein Stern McMillan Allen Trubey Ivy
121 128 126 145 155 165 175
MacBonald Fredericks Matovina
Britt
Gregory
Batis
Eviston
Heavy. Ruggerrie
POPCORK
Swimmers Set Records
Ag^aiiwi Ruckeyes
“ starting abroad with five consecutive conference gapips ahead of ^hem, the Riveteer’-s. quintet travels to Chicago tomorrow morning to take on the hardwood squads of Chicago and Northwostern ■ over the nenoh-otid. Thfe Boiie.]hnuHoys will shove offi' for the Windy City tomorrow monningv abroad the' James WhitcomhRliey at about Id a. m. ' Lhgt nigbt the squa^ b^gan practice with a short vvprkout of shooting fundamentals ghd; then finished up lyith a tough spriinmage ngainrt each other. The Boilermakers \yill round off tonight with a short work-
out; ■'
Maroons Improve With Chicago almost upsetting Nm'thw.eetBrn fast Saturdajr,' both teams will be' aiming for their respective games this w e e k - e n d. Northwesteni only beat the Maroons47 to 46, and they had to come from behind to do it. Though Chicago was beaten by thee Boilermakers 64 to 19 before, neither team are playing the same type of ball that they did fa the first game. The Riveters will stay over in Chicago to take on the Wildcats Monday night. Northwestern is at the present tied with the Riveters in the Big Ten standings. It was only in the. last few minutes of play that the Boilermakers made a great enough margin to defeat the Wildcats 50-41 in their first contest. With Frosty Sprowl of the Riveteers only three points behind Gra(Gonthpedj ofi^paga;.^;;
l^;.^oq4 L|ick,/Mai Several weeks ago we attended a banquet and had the sitting beside Mrs. A. H. Elward. It was one of tlje. banquets we have ever attended because that was thf firirt ever heard of her husband’s exploits in the World interesting things that happ.eneff to them in this of the enjoyable times they both had inuring his. expenenge*; and a player and coach on several of the se|.’yice faams. days when navy flying was in its infancy,, qnd Mai was oug of who helped it through its early development. ' ■ Now Mai is leaving Purdue to resume the job which he haildTcff^^ well in the first World War. His enthusiasm and of competitive athletics as well as his abilities as a regular office* Will make him a valuable and versatile man to havq in the. service, lisots 4^ luck to you, Mah... . ►. Biggest Opening In Msiiy, Yqfff This recent resignation makes the biggest opening'fa setup that Purdue has had for many years. The two biggest responsible positions on the staff are both open at the same ftog- r? .A - President Elliott has announced that h^cith of thea^'ppsi^onsj^i^itl ho filled witfan the next ten days, awaiting the first possible the Board of Trustees. He was authqifaed^ by tW. ugry. meeting to recommend a man for the positjon of Athlpiic I)i|g<Sfcd^. Many Suggestions For Both jobs . ' : Several persons, in fact alnmst all members of the present maker athletic staff, have been mentioned as possibilities for tlh wi posts. Undoubtedly the usual number of outside candidates, ha^ al^ tossed their hat in the ring. ■ , - . V Beyond a doubt many persons of high ability have their nafaci oh the list. However, it is our opinion, and we believe the opinion oif most of the students, that there is plenty of capable matenal withfa tbe four walls of the Fieldhouse to put able men in both of the positions. ► They Know Whaf The Score Is There are several men bn ouf present staff that know and stand the intraeacies of the present Purdue athletic situatiom-^Who-hdve watched it progress during the past several years. Men who have fa-i deed grown up with Purdue athletics. . We can see no reason, especially in the current times, whjfc we sh.b^d go beyond these Walls and bring in an uninitiated stranger. ;An ootfador for these jobs would take a year or two merely getting familiar-3^1^ the situation. He would have to call on his subordinates to leaicn jttdt what is what. • ' “ . ' ► If If Isn^f Winqtng-r-ll' Gan Be Happy ^ r>:,' It doesn’t look like Purdue will have a national chahipionsbipf^foofe ball team in the next couple of years, no matter who coaches:;' we have to lose some games, let’s make the losses as enjoyable;,asTlibh* sible. If We can’t have the champs let’s have a -'cooperatfaei- peai^di organization which will work to make the best of- trying situa^onbidS they arise. : ■ Again we repeat—the best solution lies hei’e in our osai back'.ydl^ Swimmefs Suffer Defelft At Hands df BMckeye$ Ohio State’s team of Swimpa^i potential pig ']fen f^^ ^ Boilermaker aquatics oVet the waves Wednesday. eyenii^Ji^ig ference match ip^ the; BuJi§|^podi,67 to 27. Although ers lost the meetj they:plab$d'a mah in every eyfent, tdbk;first in the 20ft4 yard breastroke, half of a dead heab in the 4b0-yard I'blay and set two, new varsity records.;:;,. , The Riveter, splash fa^ didh'te get hot till the fiiiit;balf!- of the meet ^as history. ’O.hlp-^fate took the medley relays tp spepk chrono-s logically; kreUeck. btbj^ht in i» third in the 22ft freestyle for thd Riveters; Brannar net|ed a second in the 50-yard freestyle; and Jbhnhlyi Youngst, sophomore divepil; tpbfc third in the dives hgainst man and Strong, tw^o of tfie best divers in the nation; Williamson Sets New RtebYdffi ; Leitt of Ohio, by tKcl T^dth vb® gold plating stole a first from Gaj|^ tain Bick KiatZqf'■ of rthe Rivets^. in the 100-yard freestyle, AnchW garnered a second for the Gold ah4 Black fa the ISPTyarff and Joe \7illiamson earned rels with a wm in t^e 2011^^4 breastroke that set new v^'sity'i^rf ord in the Boilermaker rehlm:\ffw formerly held the 200 faacfe^^lg record at fwq mfautes thi^rf^ and seven-tents seconds,, his time is two minutes, thirty^fi^i^ eight-tenths; seconds, placed^ for tfardii^4l||;]^i^^toipl; ^ Relay Vera HanseLtook-thd^^ii^he Ji^ freestyle for the 440-yard relay;'fait ||ea^ and the second varsity recp|3'tb h^ knocked down by the Rivbtefa ifi evemng. Tfa ffprm^ lay a-eeprd forty-on§ and eight-ten^&s sebo^» the new one set Wednesday by Hefr, , Kratzer, Brannec and Kreu^^ la '■ fa three '|pt!ty';mas. ■ Further fa the line of stptisH^ the two repprdfWohen by the jii'% eters at Ohio Sfate hjakes the foiirt^ to suffer the fatg tbls,season., Kratzer touttlgd the .llKlgj^rd ffel}^ style mark of 5^,3?s|bi|nds: with of . 53.8 seconds; and the medley ^ lay team consisting of Kratzer and Willianfa^^ the old time # M yard' medley 'ffelt one of three minutes, ei^t flat.' ' ■' '‘"/"V.; Coach Papenguth and his sqiyA traveled the 340 odd miles to capital eity. c of Ohio Wedttb^^ through a fi^e barrage Of sh^ and ibe, amifag just in time' I? take part in the meet after an eigh^ hour “trek,” ■
'■M§•* f( i ' it r vj sJ 1 j<n , ] I , , jt i W' jf ! ’ I't t, f,l,' ‘f ’If'A ' </) It-ff , v\' ^ . gi r ,’i’ ’>■' r ?j’^ <> ^ ' t , ’> « , f T ^1 M j f ^
Purdue Exponent
Friday, February 2u^ 1942
. . mihtai\ honoian aiinounces tJi^ following pledge"! foi tins scnicstei J F Wood, siinoi, R T Ball, J. L Coilipton G H rieund* Ikli, R A Leupben, R A Leighton, E. M Lewiecki ,J H loudenbatk, W H Lupke, L Mom,ui, O S Powell, G. L RRht\ R W ScliootT M M Udes, R L M cis^ 1, A. Wei bauin, and G M Yui kanan, iiimoi •- Pan/ R. Hayes . 41, will giaduato this week from basic fi^ ing school at Good fellow Field, San Angelo, Tex His class of cadets is the lai gest to be trained at this field since it began opeiatioii a ^tal ago Powdered Eggs (Continued fioni (lage 1) eggh aie till own out \olks and whites aie then thoioughh mixed and the mixed egg iiiateiial lun thiough a --iiccial filtei to ienio\e bits of shell The egg niixtui e then passes to a told wall tank in which it is Im thei aggitated and cooled It then passes thiough a niathine that bleaks up the tat globules and is tlitn lead^ foi the duel The mate iial IS spiaecd undci high piessuic thiough a special nozzle into a laige tat that is kept undei slight taeuum The pitssme at the no/ zle c'cetcls 2 500 pounds and the ttmpeiatuic of the dning chambei is held between 330 and ,170 degiecs Fain tiiheit Drt Egg Snow Tile fine bits ot egg liquid stnkes this tremendous heat dit almost immodiatfh >nd filtei thiough the ,55-foot chambei alighting at the Iiottom like snow Packed and shipped to the oastein seacoast the eonccntiate is talued at $200 pel
bail el
Detelopment ot the clued egg m dustn m the United States is lela tively new and wa-, gieath aceele lated b\ the piesent wai Ciedit loi earlj expeiienee in the egg diving industm iiecessaiih goes to ( lima who foi main Acais shipped the eoncentiate to all pai ts ol the woild ineluding the United States The Chino Japanese Wai natuially biought this souice to an end and put oui inciustii, on its feet Industie IS doing its pait, iespoiisibility lies entiielv with the hens iiom heie on out, and thee aie clicking off the eggs at the late of 5(i pel second in Indiana henhouse asseiii ble lines
Holliday To Give Lecture On Aircraft Power Tonight Theodoie B HollidaA, EC ’27, will be the featuied speakei at this ewcning’s mee'tiiig eif the Cential Indiana Section of the Ameiicaii Institute of Eleetueal Institute ot Elcetiieal Engiiieeis at the Lincoln Hotel 111 Indiaiiaiiohs In his addiess “Aiiciaft Dleetuc.il Powei ’ Ml Holliebn will elesciibe the iiiipoitant pait that the clecliical engineei plavs in the deedoimient ot modem aiieiaft, with 11101 e than 150 dilTeient eleetueal diMees in geiieial use in aeionau-
tital woik
Mrs. F. B. Smith state supbivisoi of home making education loi adults Ball State College, will be on eainiais this week to "(v oik with the senioi women in the Flonie Economies teaching gi oup Riveter Squad (( ontinued tioin ])age >) h im of Noithwesteui who is second ]daee toi eonfeienee point getting a new set up should be made altei Monday’s game If Cecil Polk holds Giaham down again like he did the la^ Noithwesteui ganm Spiowl should seiige .ihead ol Giaham Kotz of Wisconsin is still the leadei in the Big Ten with lib couiiteis while Giaham and Spiowl aie see ond thud iespeeti\el> with 1 ,0 and 127 maikeis Twelve to touitecn pla\eis ex pcct to take the tup to Chicago to moil ow Satui da\ night the Rnet eis will spend in the Wmdemeie Hotel in Chicago The list of the time will be spent aeioss town in the Oiington in Evanston As the lest of the contests w ill all be aliioad, the Boileimakeis will need all the student siijipoit thi^ can ^et at these contests
University Presbyterians To Hold Scavenger Hunt Univeisity Piesbyteiiaii Chuich
will hold a sea\engei hunt tonight at 8 p m The gioup will meet at the chuich befoic dividing to seaich the sticets of West Laiayottt At
10 30 hunteis will letuin to the chinch foi the aw aid of piizes and the seiving of lelieshments
Classified Ads
TvprwrHrrn—AtldiUK Macliliirtt all W)Aki» nolil r nt< d rtpniKO aiul purobnirtl Mimn-oi'-rnpb woi 1< <1( n( ( I IjljtrsholT b06 Main. Lifaycttc I’honc 2/70 (hcNrokt ] HI Iwotluir loi >i lU Has tiK^s W \\ (lirkc )(> Stito iMionc >007 \ ocal lessons Positivtlv no cl iss Ussoli I 11 lusi 1 iipils ^.jLt httk Tf suits Privnlt iistjuctMn onh I ,-.im intti rtsuHs to jneert pupil's Audition fitt 1 dwaid I 1 ml btu lio I ahr Holt I Pli >n(. 10)) I )st '* Sinil] htnvA ^old nntr hlibtci ptail stttint. C ill Tian V ssnaclit 8IH iiS
JU\s ud
I ost Cold Giucn Mill r n %M 1 t b md
NMist \satch Iktts lU \\ ar 1 2 )l))
Pound Aljhi Chi bn?mn pin in Chen m 1 Met Puildiiib. Call Hill Ik 11 )0 1
Notices
tstminsUi loiindition Ih u 'mH ht \ Sc i\ 11! 1 hunt I i id IV 1 In i i v «0 it P in llu L.n up will meet at th (huu)i lul I iv fi )ni Ih 1C 1 v( rv n is inv lUd
LI
IHOMA
Cramer
(Continueil fiom pa^e 1) died Owens, icpiesenting the Stu dent Wai Council, Pi of J T Gunn and Albeit P Stcwait lepiesent ing the faeult^ Jim Chase and Kathleen hlai cling lepicsenting student musical oigani/ations and Robeit Seebuigei lepi esenting the Student Union
I n^lish Make Xp 1 vams iKiminifi i t HinovL Cs an I Is in Ln^lish will be utn Siluidiv ait moon lib 21 in rcoiu 101 ( r 111 1 III itK n bin! inn 1 v rv siu <] nl 1 mov N I C mil lun i i ni \n! t I (I IH ilion I ud Ap) ]ir itions houhl 1< n th 1 u n f if til I 1 h 11 p r ni lOh r Ui I itv H !1 Iv I nd V Id 0 1 Iti 1 K ^|I in Make tip txanis Tx nnii itioiK f) um V C II 1 i in MI 0 will! n S ti I lav Ma h 1 I it 1 i ni in io)in 101 if 111 ML buildiiu I U IS nolilv rnc if 11 t i st d OL IGl R Socictv of Automotive In/finotrs All in n I i din t d t in ( fh n th SAI \1 IT h ull icmc t tin m ilini. n i ni 01 U I I il line it 0 I hi i lull « 1 hjs I I new ind ill n i til ml 1 sh lid I Ih 1 ( CIV Ih i vicv'i I ts ml t mil nonnnitm
kl II
MAV Piiik: Pnni, 1 n t r id f lu ini mi nt mu t I c 11 im. 1 dl 1 \ \N diu'sd iv 1 b lUTiv th I lluwin^. Mil T s( h dill d t 1 i V 1 1 \ t H 1 It Sh 11 V It uts W It il u V \ M n / 1 I V i V Pi id mm t lustidi \ T( ni s WiPjinison vs Hlu 1 M II i V S h lb 1 Hi 1 1 h iw v I 1 1 \\ im) ! 1 V I? v\( i Menu n v \ii II \ n Hu ilI i (Hi V ( im) lull K n iill vs Jksem ms sraUI LU WAA Sluiffltbo iril I ir t i md i toui n irn i t in ist 1 i 1 v I 11 I \ Widiusd n ] b Ih full vin ils I sch duU I 1 I 1 n H i V H w 1 VerHoev v 1 Ills K ndill V Sduilm Joins vs jMtr Is SC HUH! R
Kappa Pall An iHpcrially important mectU\K for all actives in room i03 Union at 7 20 i> m on WcdiKsday Feb 25 All mcmbcis aic uiK<d to be present scorr Alpha Zeia I urn in all money collected fiom Kcniois befou baUnday I cb 21 Don t foriyct the composites I will lie in the Afi:ricuUtiriHt utfic( every eveninw: at I to p m KAMP All Ai?neulinrist Seniors Ihcro is a cost of $ 70 foi each senior composite picture to be hunt: m Ar Hull I^lcaso pav nnv Alpha /eta member befoii Saturday Feb 21 RAMP Rifle Chib Report to Ftcldhous*- rifle lanRc Saturday Feb 21 at 2 p m 1 want to sec all PMYnbpis theu for maUh TADMAN PIA Members lea dance Saturday 1 cb 21 from 3 to ■) 30 p rn in South Ballroom of Union ABSHICV Wesley I oundation WAA Cabin party Slturdl^ Feb 21 Meet at I ounelalion House at 5 p ni Leave thcie. nt 5 15 p m to hike to cabin Games and rcfrcslimcntu are plumed and the cost will be 20c per peison Iverybodv is invitesi -GILBLRI ASME Members Ihoic will be a closed meetinjr next Tuestlav T eb 21 at 7 3() in the evemnjr in room 207 of the M L build inp Those members wialiin^ to ko must eibtsin tickets bv picsintnif? their mom b( rship cards in the M L office before batmiiav noon Feb 21 Pies and‘movies will be in oidei — lOPlNKA Military Advanced Course Applicants AM whose names appi u <n Uic list on the mam bulletin board in the Armorv must rcviort to the m un office prior to noon Snturdav Feh 21 to complete their medical historv questionnaires McMAKEN ASML Deadline foi membership in ASMI this vMir will bo Fiidav Mnich t Memberbhip blinks are available in the M L oflice - lOPINKA Prom Committee Meetim, tonight it )) in in loom 2bI e»f the Union —BALL Moflei Railroad < iuh Meet it lavout b 0 u m b iLurel IV leb 21 in^'lead of I p m Walsh will lie present Since Mf ehinicjl Cne.inetrinK Buildini; is now locked Sitiirdn ifterneions onh members will be adiuitlid to lavout Satuulavs m tin futu It leiuiest ol department DARK
\
Independent SlnfT lU'^eivatiuns foj •'tulT binqiiet ir due in tin Indcp nd nl ( ffice hv Weelnesdsv leb 2) Sifrmfv
f ■' '?«
wh the I in ne l
e)Ut
briiiKin 1 dll Aiiv line. I leseivation will be left SMULLVn/ liib I In re will hr ne; mectin
KLILAR
N> \ Workers \ ehecks foi period (inliiv leb lie now iv nl ible at 111 C lOii i iffie in th Lsecutive luililinK HOILLNSBL Icnecrs All men students interested lu 1 lining, f f nee repent to the thnd flni of tin fuldh u Mon i IV leb ‘’3 at Ip m I reshmen I numeers Meet fe i enume i me ! (tuu Sit iiehv leb 1 it S i ni in the Musk II 1! KNAP! SiHiclv of Automotive Lnunccrs Will ill m ml r wh) hesi Mr uh juineel ih ((! (v 1 1 ise iKP tin It n th SAI 1 ulktin boaul in the lutoniotive Itbora t )rv We need voui nin adilrcbbC') and i Ivjn luimbci/i to eonipkte e in lecerds KFIL
So< lol ILV 1 will nut
Students Sell n*' C t in 1 iidu i cl a
NOSS
nd
Ihc Lift Tfiiil Never Lels Kou Down! Pre-uhrmik laune-h,ilin m .1 genth lilting handtMii. I 01 ,1 muall and a>eiag«* figiinx Tjpes in white 01 neutial— .00; othei Pei ina-Iiit hi ab»icreb—,SJ..jO to .S2.'>0. WsOvmk-hSb P * r«V Iso '•§» ->77 BRASSIERES by HICKORY Palais koijal
DON'T WRITE HOME! Lei iJic Exponent lake all eanipus news lo any pari of llie eouulry for yon. Save llie lime and worry of letter writing—Send Hie Exponent home six days of every week. Mailing Subscription $2.25
PknUbE fXPQMEINT
^edmfSed: /^eatPif f ly Wif f ijr
vu^ ceiemtvi
top, auf \afjd go places
AND THE QUESTION ib a piutly poiiitod one, foi if you haven’t bought a new dinner jacket oi tailcoat m the past three years or so, you’d better think twice befofe you step out in the evening clothes you now own .... because, take our word for it, they’re more or less out of date and really might be better of! at home' THERE HAVE BEEN a number of definite changes made in the styling and designing of evening clothes in the past few years. Note, for instance, how casually smooth the chap above looks in one of our new dinner jackets by GEISLER’S All of the comfort and ease of a regular business suit is now to be found m a smart dinner jacket like this. We urge you to stop in this week and get set for the social season to come in the best-looking evening clothes you’ve ever seen.
i/acA^' TAILS $32.50 up Complctp Stock oi all Acccsscjiies, To]) Hat, Shirts, Jewelry, Etc.
500 MAik ST
CtOTHFS'Afi'G