u
This Newspaper Is Publii^ed Each Morning By and F6r Sjiudents of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
iMiill
FlUDJIY Febnuiiy 11, 1938 jLohxyefie* VOL. 49 No. 108
\
Playshop To Use 16-Foot Flats In Latest Production Flats sixteen feet high—^the largest ever used in the University’s history—^will permit equally good visibility to all members of the audiences witnessing the Playshop’s coming production, “I’ll Marry The Actress,” scheduled for presentation February 15-19 in Fowler Hall. Permitting wide visibility from all parts of the hall, the new fla,ts will place balcony seats on a par with the main floor.
In step with the flats, the set will have a 12 foot wall section of novel gla^s bricks, suggested by the set of the current Broadway hit, “Susan and God,” where similar bricks are being used. All modernistic furniture, chromium and steel, will complete the flashy effect of an enclosfed sun porch. Dress rehearsals are being held every day in Fowler Hall preparatory to opening night next Tuesday. Formal night will be Friday, although the balcony will be informal for the benefiit of those students who are not attending the Scabbard and Blade fprmal dance afterwards. Curtain time oh Friday and Saturday will be moved up from 7:30 to 8 p. m. John Dietrich is directing the production. Band Announces 33 Appointments Thirty-three musicians have been appointed to fill the offices which compromise the administrative and military staffs of the Purdue Military Bands. These men were chosen for their respective posts after careful consideration pf their musical ability, length of Service, and executive capacity in the various types of work necessitated by such an organization. Ten junior and senior commissioned officers have been named to positions, aijd 23 non-commissioned officers were given offices. Commissioned Officers Appointments among the commissioned officers are as follows: Captain and Chief Drum Major, C. M. Jorgeson, senior ME; Brevet Captain and Military Officer, R. D. Birge, senior EE; 1st Lieutenant and Concert Meister, C. J. Bigelow, senior ME; 1st Lieuteant and Assistant Director, C. A. Reichelderfer, senior ChE; Brevet 1st Lieutenant and Supply Officer, W. H. Deitch, senior ChE; Brevet 1st Lieutenant and Assistant Military Officer, R. P. Anthes, jimior ME; 2nd Lieutenant and Detail Officer, C. J. Camp, junior ChE; 2nd Lieutenant and Publicity Officer, W. H. Smith, junior ME; 2nd Lieutenant and Band Librarian, R. B. Newhouse, junior PSE; and Brevet 2nd Lieutenant and Band Adjutant, F. C. Basse, junior ME. Non-Commissioned Officers Leading the list among the noncommissioned officers were Master Sergeant and Personnel Officer, M. W. Mahns, junior ME; 1st Sergeant in Charge of Details, J. W. Claypool, junior Sc.; Staff Sergeant and Assistant Supply Officer, J. O. Ballard, jxmior Ag; and Staff Sergeant and Assistant Librarian, C. A. Reidbreder, sophomore ME. Lees Will Present
London Lawyer To Address Planning Group Next Week As a special feature of the Indiana state-wide Planning Conference to be held at the University February 16 and 17, Dr. William A. Robson, noted lawyer of London, England, will speak on “The Planning and Administration of the City of Moscow.” Dr. Robson will present his speech at a luncheon in the Memorial Union Building on February 17. In 1936 Dr. Robson made a trip to Moscow, Russia to study the administration and planning of the city. 'He will give the results of this study in his lecture next week. In addition to being professor of administrative law at the London school of economics and polticial science in the university of London, and joint editor of the Political Quarterly of London, he 'has also written numerous books on economics and political science. Among others on the program will be Governor M. Clifford Townsend and President E. C. Elliott, who will speak at dinner the same evening; John Wheeler, of Crown ^oint, a University Trustee and former member of the Indiana Highway Commission; M. W. Torkelson, director of regional planning for Wisconsin, and numerous other men. Officials in charge of the conference expect several hundred mayors and city officials to attend. Eight Week Winter Short Courses In Agriculture School Begin February 17 Registration for the winter short session offered each year by the Agriculture school opens Monday, February 17. There are approximately 198 students already enrolled, who ceme from 11 states and represent 74 counties. Each year the University offers a twQ month session in general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy proiduction and dairy manufactures for people who otherwise do not have the opportunity, money or time to study these fields. Often students return in following years to continue their short course studies. Students enrolled in this school can enjoy the same privileges as the regular* students. They form teams for basketball competition in the gym, and they have their own orchestra, entertainment, medical care and library use.
RecitalSundayP.M. WPA Nursery Series Will
Ruth Lois, 12, and Noel Lee, 13, children of Dr. and Mrs. Charles O. Lee, will give the piano program in the music room Sunday afternoon, February 13, at 4 o’clock. These musically inclinea youngsters will play singly with a twopiano number at the conclusion of the program, Noel, Mvlfio is probably the youngest artist entertaining over WBAA, also composes musical compositions.
Exponent Staff | AH associated editors, and as many sophompre workers as care to participate, will meet in the Exponent main office Sunday, February 13, at 2 p. m., to revise style sheet. —Manion, Brock.
Continue On February 14 Fourth in a series of training schools for nursery teachers, the final period of the re-training of the teachers already employed in WPA Emergency Nursery Schools will be held at the University during the
week of February 14.
Conducted with the cooperation of the University’s nursery school staff, the training school will be headed by Mrs. Alice Bennett, MS ’37, and ^Professor Laura Partch, director of the University nursery
school.
WPA schools in Indiana are under the general direction of Miss Florence Bender, MS ’34, and they provide for the care of pre-school children from homes of low economic level.
De Hajek Speaks In H. Ec Building Today At 4 o’clock this afternoon Charlotte de Hajek, Hungarian lady who holds degrees both from the University of Budapest and from Vassar College in'New York, will speak in the > auditorium of the Home Economics Building. Her subject is “The Theater, Yesterday and Today.” Even in her student days Miss de Hajek was a leader in literary and dramatic art and was invited to lecture in all the universities of England. She is a permanent lecturer for the University of Budapest on her topic for today. Miss de Hajek will speak twice Saturday morning, at 9 and 10 o’clock, in the Home Economics auditorium. On Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock—instead of 4 as stated in yesterday’s ^aper—she will appear at a concert m the Memorial Union music room. Sextons Pace The Ponies In Closed ^Trot Sessions^ “Hands on hips. Please, hands on
hips!”
It’s the Pony Chorus practicing in the tower room every afternoon at 4 o’clock. They’re closed rehearsals, in preparation for the all-campus musical, “Of Thee I Sing.” Patiently the Sexton sisters, Rufina and Betty Jo, and John Dietrich count, as the male and female ponies trot through their routines. “Love is Sweeping the Country,” sing out the three, and four groups of dancers kick and dip. “One, kick ... two, knee ... three, kick . . . four, knee,” and so it goes. John Dietrich, with his coat off and his sleeves rolled, asks the Sextons to go through the routine. “Piny is the boy, and Betty Jo, the girl. Now watch; I’ll count.” “All right, we’ll go through it once more, and let’s see how many mistakes we don’t have to make,” says Dietrich. And the dancers kick through the routine for the last time. “O. K., we’ll see you tomorrow at four. Good-bye.” Another Pony Chorus practice is
ended.
Sororities Release First Pledge Lists The more formal part of informal rush being over, the first lists of pledges to the campus sororities were announced last night by the various rush captains. Alpha Chi Omega this semester has pledged Ona Morrison, of Hammond; Anna Fay Campbell, Hammond; and Julia MacDermid, Fair-
mont.
Alpha Xi Delta has pledged Kathryn Harlan, Indianapolis; Edith Slinkard, Lyons; and Marjorie Droll, Rankin, 111. Chi Omega pledged the following cb-eds: Georgann Schilling, Delphi; Lena Hibbs.'Cresson, Pa.; May Finn, Chicago, 111.; and Martha Place, of Frankfort. Maxine King of / Sheridan and Melba Davidson of Lyons have been pledged at the Kappa house. Kappa Alpha Theta announced having pled^d Bernadette Bygert, Fort Wayne; Janette Klitzte, Hammond; RobertsTMcEwen, Hammond; Marian Silver, Knightstown; Margaret Stocker, Indianapolis; and repledged Catherine Davis of Crawfordsville who was not in school last semester. Pi Beta Phi pledged Doris Jean Martin, Medford, Wisconsin, and Libby Barmes, Sharon, Pa. Phi Mu will release the names of all their pledges Saturday, and Pedalion will announce their pledges all at one time. ASCE Appoints Wiley Student Chapter Head Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the civil engineering school, has just been notified by the Secretary of the American Society of Civil Engineei;-s, of his appointment: to the Chairmanship of the Committee on 'Jtudent Chapters.
WRH To Give Tea Dance Tomorrow Women’s Residence Halls will have their annual valentine tea dance tomorrow afternoon from 4 o’clock until 7:00. Recorded music will be played in the decorated recreation rooms of both halls. At 6:40 p. m. and 6:20 p. m. buffet suppers will, be served in the dining rooms. Gaby D. Roe, social chairman of North Hall, and Alberta Dinsford from South Hall are general chairmen of the dance. Ruth Angert is in charge of the decorations, and Marie Johnson is supper chairman. Hanya Holm, Dance Artist, To Appear At Convo Tuesday Miss Hanya Holm, modern dance concert artist who will bring her group of six dancers for the University convocation program Tuesday evening, has adapted her dancing to meet the educational needs of college women. She has been a regular teacher in the schools of the dance at Mills College, California; Bennington, Vermont, and Rocky Mountain State Teachers’ College. As guest teacher, she conducted classes at the University of Wisconsin, Monticello College, University of Minnesota, University of Iowa, and Stephens College. On her college tour last year. Miss Holm danced at about 75 colleges. She also gave demonstrations before the National Educational Association and the Progressive Education Association. Miss Helen Ellis, formerly a member of the department of Physical Education for Women, is now studying under Miss Holm in New York City. She danced in Miss Holm’s New York debut, “Trend,” which was repeated during the past Christmas holidays. Wednesday evening, February 16, University co-eds will have an opportunity to observe the technique of Miss Holm and her six concert dancers and to receive instruction from them. Any girl who signs up may attend a free class at 7:30\ A limited number of spectators will be admitted. Orchesis, University honorary dance group, will honor Miss Holm at a tea on Wednesday afternoon from 4 to 6 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. New Handbok Will Make Autumn Debut A new student handbook, including approximately 120 pages, will be distributed next fall to prospective students. The new handbook, which will be slightly larger than the previous book, will probably be distributed by toail so that the new student may know something concerning activities and regulations when he arrives. The new handbook will contain three general divisions: Under general information will be listed and described university regulations, traditions, end student activities. A men’s section will include pictures of the fraternity houses and articles concerning living accommodations in the houses, in the men’s residence halls, and in hoarding places. The women’s section will include articles by the Pan-Hellenic Council, and also an article informing the prospective co-ed what to bring to Purdue. Rush rules will be included in the handbook, and it is hoped that pictures of the sorority houses may be printed. Chic Myers Plays For Mixer Tonight Chic Myeys, popular orchestra leader, and his 10-piece band will play for the Union Mixer tomorrow evening. The band, which has just com. pleted a successful season in Indianapolis, will be accompanied by three vocalists, Don Baldwin, Don Ferrell and June Darling.
Masters Plays Tonight At Interfraternity Ball Before a modernistic backdrop emphasizing fraternal cooperation and friendship, approximately 375 couples will dance to the rhythms of Frankie Masters’ 12 piece orchestra at the annual Interfratemity Ball in the Union ballroom tonight. WSGA has l granted co-eds 2
Ball Maestro
Frankie Masters, well known band leader, who will lead the Interfrateraity Ball rhythms this evening in the Memorial Union ballroom.
Earlham Professor Will Discuss Constitution On Abe Lincoln Program A Lincoln Day program, an annual affair of the Tippecanoe Coirnty Historical Association, will be presented at the society’s rooms in the Ross Building February 13 at 2 p. m. - An address “Principles and Personalities in the Making of the Federal Constitution” will be given by Professor J. Arthur Funston of Earlham College. Professor Funston has pursued studies of government and international law at Harvard, the University of London, and the Sarbonpe, Paris. In the speech, he will trace the steps in the making of the Constitution. He will discuss the theories of government held by different groups of citizens and the changes that have takmi place in the Constitution, and its interpretation since it was first adopted. Professor Wm. M. Hepburn is general chairman of the program. The lecture will be followed by a tea. The general public is cordially invited to attend and all exhibits of the Historical and Art Associations will be open to visitors during and after the program. Schaible Returns From War In Spain Walter W* Schaible, Sc. ’34, who left a $7 per day job to join General Franco’s insurgent forces in the Spanish civil war, is on his way home aboard the liner Aquitania, after having spent more than a year across the Atlantic. Schaible, after recovering from a bullet wound completely piercing his head, stowed aw^y in a British freighter. As the boat docked in London he was immediately arrested for illegal entry into the city and was jailed until United State diplomatic officials were able to straighten out the difficulty. While at the University, Schaible conducted weekly Bible classes for students. His home is in Chicago, 111., where his mother and sisters
live.
Schedule Newman Club Dance For Next Friday Newman Club members and guests will enjoy a dance next Friday evening from 9 to 12 o’clock in St. Mary’s Hall, 1207 Columbia avenue. Refreshments will be served and according to officials in charge admission w^ll be by membership card only, although members may bring dates who do not belong to the organization.
o’clock hours and the dance is scheduled to last from 9 to 1. All tickets have been sold, and none will be available at the door. Ballgoers, for the most part, have already traded their ticket stubs for metal bound programs at the Union checkroom. Programs must be obtained at the Union check room before 6 o’clock tonight. No programs
will be issued at the door.
Occupying the center of the backdrop are two hands clasped m friendship, and radiating out from this as a center are blue rays. Superimposed over these rays are silhouttes of fraternity men. About the ballroom walls will be seen enlarged ibadges of the many fraternities, lighted in a variety of colors. Marion Frances appears as vocalist with the Masters musicians, who appear weekly on the current Edgar A. Guest NBC radio progranr. Fraternity presidents composing the committee in charge of the dance are: C. L. Sadler, R. T. Reid, G. Everist, C. W. Coats, R. G. DeLong, D.
R. Tam, and R. C. Schenk.
Rabbi A. H. Silver Will Talk At Convo Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver, widely known religious leader of Cleveland, O., will be the principal speaker at the regular monthly University convocation for worship Sunday, February 20, Dr. Laurence Hadley, chairman of the committee on arrangements, announced today. Rabbi Silver has appeared on the University religious convocations twice previously. Aqthor of several books on religious topics, he has also been active in government commisisons. A native of Lithuania, Rabbi Silver has been in this country since childhood, and now presides over one of tke largest synagogues in the United States. Hoof And Horn Club To Re-Enad Pageant Hoof and Horn Club members will take banqueters back to picturesque seventeenth century England next Thursday night when they re-enact, in pageant, the historic knighting of Sir Loin. The occasion is the annual animal husbandrymen’s banquet commemorating King Charles’ legendary knighting of the loin of beef. The banquet will be held in the Home Economics Building Cafeteria. This historic pageant had its origin in the animal husbandry department of the University seven years ago. It has been presented each year since ^en under the joint supervision of faeolty members and students. The pag^uxt has drawn nation-wide attention and in 1933 and 1934 it was enacted daily by professionals in the Hall of Meats at the Chicago Century of
Progress Exposition.
The loin to be knighted and served at the banquet will come from a University produced Angus steer. All participants in the pageant are students in animal husbandry. The cast of qharacters includes R. D. Wilson, king; C. E. Decker, meat carver; T. K. Parkinson, H. N. Woody, barons; G. C. Stewart, C. M. Kessler, R. S. Harper, R. H. Stover, lords; L. A. Johnson, E. S. Bogue, H. J. Rose, S. W. Brown, J. W. Greenburg, butlers; and J. L. Hackleman, bugler. *
Indicma Weather
Forecast for Indiana; Cloudy today. probably rain or snow, continued through tomorrow. Yestordt^’s Temperatures: Low, 32, high 35, mean 33.5.v
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, February 11, 1938
“Music Appreciation... ... is something that Boilermakers need.” So spake the University’s number 1 promoter of music, A. P. Stewart, last night, and so agreed the 110 Boilermakers who heard him. Why? “You are bom without prejudices or taste,” diagnosed the music doctor. “You acquire your prejudices from not knowing, and your teste by hearing many kinds of music.” And thus the Union inaugurates its new series of musical programs designed to supply an additional nutrient to the Boilermaker diet—^music appreciation. Scheduled for weekly presentation, these 40 to 50 minute programs will supply something long missing from the Purdue curriculum, but needed none the less. Typical of the opportunity which these meetings afford \^sls last night’s opening session in which the Concert Choir performed. At the director’s bidding they demonstrated, the different interpretations which can be given a single piece of music. Slight changes in time and interpretation brought immediate response from attentive listeners. The half music, half lecture nature of these programs insures their educational value . . . listeners will know what to listen for and how to recognize it when they hear it. Enviable indeed is the person who can sit back and enjoy an afternoon’s symphonic program with appreciation equal to his taste for current day renditions of jazz. Not that jazz has no place in the musical world, but the person who enjoys jazz and jazz alone is missing something. In music room programs of this series scheduled for the remainder of the semester are listed such topics as “Chamber Music,” “Opera,” “The Ssrmphony,” “Chopin,” “Band Music,” and “Personalities in Music.” The term “music room” was added to the vocabulary of Purdue students with the completion of the Union addition in the fall of
the Purdue Exponent MEMBER gtoiocinted gellefliate
Entered m seeond elau matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of OonKresa of March 8, 1870, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, anthorlzed Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. RCPRBSBNTBD FOR NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publisheis Representaltve 420 Madison Ave New York. N. Y CHICASO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES - SAN FRANCISCO
Editor-In-Chlef
Bnainesa lluuww
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor. J. B. Brock Associate Editors...— B. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanbaek, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— — —J. P. Glmrd National Advertising Manager - _W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager— R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager— - M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Elisabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF R. F. Obenchain ...J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors.
Editor. Associate Editors.
MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 5038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, _and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinioM, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—^Woodson Friday, February 11, 1938
1936. Now, along with it and by it comes this new course... a fitting stride in the march of musical progress now being made under our present capable music leadership.—L. S. H.
CAMPUS CHANGES . A new deal . . . new regime . . . or what have you, lias come over the campus in regard to the date situation for big dances. As we remember it there were times when fellows found it a bit unhandy to get dates for a big dance . . . as the gals were already dated up by the early worms. This condition gave new impetus to the practice of importing. But things have changed. Now all the fellows have dates and its the gals who are looking for dates when big dances come around. This was caused by an increase in feminine population without a corresponding increase in the male group. The same boys import—arid the same ones get campus dates— but the goils who caused the in-
ARC
FRIDAY—SATURDAY eUlfSI GALS! GAGSi ' 6IFFAWS GALliEI
Stewart Direds Music Appreciation Meeting One hundred and ten music lovers attended the first of a series of meetings 'to further music appreciation held in the Union music room last night. University Director of Music A. P. Stewart, enlisting the aid of the Concert Choir, directed the 45 minute instructional program. He outlined, in brief, the general course that the series of meetings will follow and expressed his belief that Purdue students need such training. “Taste for music is acquired by hearing music of many kinds,” he commented. The next in this series of meetings will be held in the music room next Thursday night. The complete evening’s program will be announced later. Home Service Counsellor Gives Tips To Home Ecs Miss Jessie McQueen, home service counsellor for the American Gas Association of New York City, • lectured to the demonstration class, directed by Dean Mary L. Matthews, Tuesday morning in the Home Economics Building. Miss McQueen was enroute to Chicago for the Midwest Gas Utilities convention which had its initial session yesterday and will continue today and tomorrow. Body Of Leslie Interred Here Yesterday afternoon the body of Harry G. Leslie, late ex-governor of Indiana and ’06 graduate of the University, was buried here in the Grand View Cemetery. Held in an Indianapolis mortuary since Leslie died in Miami, Fla., in December, the body was brought here yesterday. His sons. Jack, Dick, and Bob, former Purdue graduates, accompanied the body.
By Sally McKee What to do with flowei’s that clash with your costume ? We once suggested that girls appreciate being asked what color or kind of flowers they prefer in a corsage to wear to a dance. But frequently for one reason or another a girl receives a corsage which clashes or looks wrong with the dress she intends to wear. Her first alternative is of course to change her mind about the dress to wear, but sometimes this is impossible and then—oh, what to do ? The answer is simple if at times annoying. You must at least carry the flowers, arid if at all possible wear them.
President Robert Maynard Hutchins of the University of Chicago, and Justice McReynolds of the Supreme Court exchanged some snappy slams at a banquet not so long ago. “Mr. Hutchins, I understand that at your school you teach disrespect for our Supreme Court decisions,” charged McReynolds. “Oh, no,” answered Dr. Hutchins, “We just let the students read the decisions for themselves.” )|i !(c :|c The only feminine guide in the northwest is an 18-year-old co-ed who goes to junior college in Ely, Minn., and skips school occasionally to act as guide for deer-hunt-ers. Last summer she earned $8 a day as a professional guide . . . and no wonder. For she caught her first fish before she could spell the word and at 12 swam across choppy Lake Shagawa, a distance of two and three-quarter miles. She became an
amateur fishing guide at 13. * * 4 * Harvard freshmen have petitioned university authorities to replace the young chambermaids, who make up their rooms, with older women. The young maids are too “giddy,” talk too much and sing too frequently while at work, disturbing the students at their studies. O O 0 o Simplon College in Iowa is one of the few colleges in the United States where students have an equal voice with faculty members in the school government. o o o o A 27-year-old horse at Massachusetts State College is still active and up to four years ago was winning prizes as a jumper. Amherst has won nearly 400 ribbons and about 20 silver pieces. O O O O “If we replace the obsolete, sterile, and repressive curriculum of our school with a dynamic purpose to build originating, participating human beings, we can have in a single generation a nation of singers, artists, inventors, scientists, poets, musicians, architects, and builders.” Prof. Holland D. Roberts, Stanford University, declares that creative education is needed to replace mechanical teaching of a subject.
crease go a-begging. That brings us around to the point of this v^hole essay — why don’t gals do something about it? They could do what the fellows did —^import and pay the incoming fello’s expenses . . . and to make it like something new . . . why, call it “menporting.” We think this move would help out the situation a great deal for wimmin like Janet Roper, Glenora Cullipher, and Mary Davis whose swains are far, far away. Then, too, it should help in instances where the girl is a wallflower—but for obvious reasons we shall not mention names of those in this classification. Just to show you how big hearted we are, we’ll pledge our efforts to promote the new move by giving free and favorable publicity for those gals who are having trouble in getting fellows to come here even with expenses paid.
and
„T«i TttlHiE ME<aUITE6M
—Also— “DICK TRACY” SERIAL —PLUS— ‘BETTY BOOP” CARTOON
TODAY — SATURDAY
IAORO**,
And to further aid the cause we’ll offer a special Amuzoncrown to the first girl who will confess to “menporting” and allow us to publish at least parts of her expense jaccount. She’ll also get those nice juicy Mars Passes. Tonight’s a good time to get started on the way to those big prizes. Naval Ayial-ion Men Fly Here To Enlist' Seniors Lieut. J. G. Sliriey, aviation cadet pilot, flew here Wednesday in a navy “Hell Diver” to interview aeronautical seniors interested in joining the U. S. naval air corps. Lieut. Sliney was accompanied by W. A. Riggs, of the Great Lakes naval training station.
TODAY — SATURDAY
7k» YMtifSipBIYS iiyiY umu od ilNME EIIMilllWIilllSV BITTY ERJ^ILE imi tumi lEIF EiiiCiOil and siiMiiieiii
TODAY — SATURDAY TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
imfBooyii DOIH6IT
-PLUS-
CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES
Dancing is one of the most
BALLET
important social requirements
and
ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS
TAP
OPENS WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 p. m.
SAT., FEB. 19
^ To Experienced Dancers
Phone 2150
ENROLL IN OUR NEW
ADVANCED CLASS FRIDAY, FEB. 18
ATT Tj^lVr^Cl Sixth and Ferry iULlJLjjLiil k5 CaU or Phone 2150
ONE WOMAN'S SECBET THOUSANDS OF lABSf
EXTRA
MARCH OF TIME
WATCH A 90tH, BUTCH" THAiNtN" won YOUR MSXT BOUT ?
NAmfHlJUSTPMCTICIR*T0 WATCH THE mifS 60 BYFriday* February 11* 1938
THE POBDOE EXPONENT
Finish Track Meet Today
Lambda Chi's Lead With 16 Points; Pole Vault Is Today's Only Event
Lambda Chi Alpha, mainly through the prowess of their frosh track star, Rankin, continued to lead the field ip the Interfratemity Track and Field meet after two dpys of competition, with only the pole vault, remaining to be run off. This event was scheduled along with yesterday’s events, but lack of time necessitated postponing it until this afternoon The meet is not definitely in the hands of the Lambda Chi’s, however, as four other, teams are close behind. Victory in the pole vault event by any one of the first five
may give them the meet.
Lambda Chi’s, Kappa Sig’s Ahead So far the Lamoda Chi’s hs,ve 16 points to their credit, while the Kappa Sig’s are close behind with 13 points.. The Phi Gam’s have 12, Alpha Chi Rhd has 11, and Phi Sigma^
Kappa has 10% points.
' Of yesterday’s five events, the 60 yard low hurdles proved to be the most exciting. Rankin, Lambda Chi track star who has scored most of his fratca’nity’s points, showed his usual form in annexing first place honors with a time of 7.4 seconds.
Simmons Wins 440
Another fast event was the 440 yard fiash in which Simmons came through for the Lambda Chi’s. Other victors of the day were Clevett,
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Mangas-Igney 7;00—Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Gamma
Rho.
7:15—Sigma Chi vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
Court 3—Aronson-Mann 7;00—Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Pi
Phi.
7:15—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Delta Chi.
who, fresh from the cross country, won the mile run; Menke, who won the high jump;,and the Beta’s who easily took the quarter mile relay.
TAXI TO THE INTER-FRATERNITY BALL 30c per. Couple Phone 6443 or 6444 UNITED CAB CO.
CONVENIENT For Your Guests on the Corner of the Campus and in The Center of ACTIVITY Yet Pleasant, Quiet and COMFORTABLE Make Reservations Now “The union club JhiL # fijuLhdusL WjimjfwaL UnJbfL Corner of the Campus’-Yet the Center of Activities
Boxers Win Seven BoutSf One Default Out Of Ten Fights Ten boxers representing Purdue University were ushered into thfe^ ring at the Lafayette Armory on Wednesday night for participation in the annual Golden Gloves, and seven of the Boilermaker fighters left the ropes winners. Two of the ,lads lost tough decisions, and one, Lyles, won on default, as ^his opponent had received enough of Lyles in last year’s tournament and decided against trying the experience again. ^ Dix, in the 135 pound class, Hardesty, in the 126 pound class, and Bacharach in the 160 pound division copped their battles in the initial rounds with knockouts. Kenneth Lord, in the 147 pound class, and Keffaber, also in the 147 pound division, put their opponents to the canvas in the second rounds of their respective fights. Murphy Wins Decision Murphy, fighting in the 126 pound division, showed remarkable footwork while he was taking a three round decision from his opponent. Franklin, 126 pounder, took a close decision from Virgil^ Neff of the Lafayette CCC camp. In losing his fight, Mulholland received a broken nose. Another Purdue loser was the game little Grover Rose, who lost to Bub Jones of Lafayette in a torrid
battle.
Now that we don’t play Illinois in basketball anymore this year, we’re a little worried over 'the question of what are we going to do for copy . . . Next on Purduie’s net schedule are the Buckeyes of Ohio State who have really put the hooks to about every team they have faced a\ homje this season . . . and as the se^on advances, they seem to get stronger. —^fc— Blaine Patton, sports editor of the Indianapolis Star, picks Ohio State to win the game at Columbus . . . And if for no other reason than to prove that Patton’s picked another bad one, we hope he’s badly mistaken .. . The team is leaving tonight for Columbus in order to have plenty of rest for what we believe is one of the two hardest tussles that they have yet to play . . . The other game which we are plenty worried about is at Madison against the Badgers, who are also plenty tough on their home floor. —fc— y Jimmy Hull, Ohio State forward, is in second place in the Big Ten in dividual scoring race with 83 points in seven games ... Jewell Yoimg, is four points behind Hull and one be hind Andres of Indiana, with 79 points in only six games ... Dehner, mini center, leads in this contest with 97 points for six games, which is a mighty sweet average : . . Pick Dehner has already missed one of Illinois’ 12 scheduled games . . . But since he is expected to become eligible in time to play against Minnesota tomorrow night, he will still have a pretty good lead, although
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at GULLIOH'S West Lafayette
ON YOUR NEXT DATE
oARROW COLLARS
Wear an Arrow Starched Collar You II be amazed to see bow muc b a detachable white starched collar can do for your appearance. Try Duncan, most favored by young men. ^5^ each
ARROW SHIRTS, TIES, HANDKERCHIEFS S UNDERWEAR
Dewenter s, HAVE ARROW SHIRTS WHITES AND COLORS Arrow Ties $1.00—$1.50 Arrow Handkerchiefs 25c—35c—50c Ari^ow Underwear 50c—65c DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
Hardwood Squad Leaves Today For Columbus To Meet Ohio State Five
This afternoon at 12:23 o’clock coach Ward Lambert and his netmen will entrain for Columbus, O., where the Boilermakers are to meet Ohio State’s Buckeyes tomorrow night. Twelve men will be taken on the trip to the Ohio capital. Lambert expects to start Sines and Young at the forward posts with Anderson at center. Dickinson and Beretta are expected to begin the contest as guards. Buckeyes Beat Chicago Monday night the Buckeyes were forced to the limit to defeat an accurate shooting Chicago five, 36-34, to retain-their position as fourth in the Big Ten standing. The Ohio State lads do not possess the impressive height of Indiana or Northwestern. The following men will make the trip: Youn^, Sines, Anderson, Beretta, Dickinson, Malaska, Fisher, Hutt, Zink, Stamm, Yeager, and Vernon. The squad will return to Lafayette Sunday noon.
he will play in on§ less contest than the other leaders in this race. —fc— In a letter to the editor (which will not' be printed because it was left unsigned), DHC seemed of the opinion that the editor of this column should be (1) hung or (2) shot, either of which we believe would be definitely ungood . . . This gentleman’s ire was aroused by yesterday morning’s column which dug up something which he believed we should have dropped . . . Perhaps DHC is right, but when we picked up the Daily Illini and read of “the great Boilermaker bonehead” and a couple other stories about how the Illini put something over on Purdue when' they kept the score down to 23 to 13, we sorta burnt up . . . However, there’s not much reason left for harping on this old subject so we’ll take DHC’s advice and drop the whole matter.
Fencers To Meet Badgers, Wildcats In Big Ten Matches Purdue’s fencing squad will attempt to stretch their victory string to six straight this week-end, when they travel to Chicago for two contests.) The first match will be held tonight with Wisconsin at Chicago University’s Bartlett Gsnn, and the second will be with Northwestern University in Evanston tomorrow afternoon. Coach Finney’s squad has an excellent record since their return from a trip through the East during the Christmas holidays. Finney feels that this trip was largely reSfponsible for the improvement of the team) this season, because of the expei’ience that the squad gained. Boilermakers Are Improved Last season all of the teams on the present schedule defeated the Boilermakers with very little effort but this year’s record is quite a different story. The fencing team has won four consecutive matches with no defeats. In conference tilts the Boilermakers defeated Illinois, 9-8, and walloped Ohio State, 14-3. In non-con-ference matches they set back the Notre Dame squad 15-12, and Chanute Field, 10-7. Will Use Regular Lineup Since the squad has been doing so well this season, the same lineup will be used as in former matches. The best balanced squad seems to be made up of Captain McWilliams, Reynolds and Hoffman in foil, CoCaptain Seaborg and Stepath in saber, and Levin and Bob Meier in epee.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT
ADVEB'nSERS
ALLOW DRESS SHIRTS Including the new Pleated “SHOBEHAM" with Collar, Attached— If It's Correct for FORMAL WEAR We Hove It. 500 MAIN ST.
CLOTHES SHOP INC' ■ V
aitMiaiia
fMay. F^bruetty 11/ 19d8
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LicKty
‘Say, I wish I had your route—my people get postcards from
the most awful bores!”
I
Tuesday Noon Deadline For Entries in Annual
Ceres Essay Contest
Enti’ies in the annual Ceres Essay Contest, open to all students in the University, must be submitted to Prof. F. E. Robbins of the agronomy department on or before Tuesday noon, contest sponsors announced last night. Writers must choose as their subject something pertaining to agronomy.
Essays submitted will be grouped in two divisions in competition for two major awards. One group will contain papers submitted by freshmen while all upperclassmen entries will form the second group. The freshman winner will receive the Geres Essay Cup for one year. Second place winner in the freshman contest will be awarded a bronze medal.
omy.
Rifle Instruction
Group II and others interested in rifle instruction report Tuesdays and Fridays at 4 p. m. in room 107 in the gym. Do not bring rifles. —HOLMES.
• the Piirdue Exponent
SBB
mm
Service Directory
— Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S
Ever^jrthing for the Purdue Student
Furniture ■—
Student Equipment
J-juAnUuM Co.
425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thiurs. - Fri; KDSNLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardtmre —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J.SPERBHDW.
822 MAIN
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DB. PAUL A. BISK OB. HABOLO J. BISK DB. BOBBBT O. BISK -DB. LUTBBB A. M8K 4th & Main Phone 5701
Florist
^JthJ'JbyuAi
Inc.
•38 Main St. in Lana Theatre BnlMln*
Phone 7955—8050
Locksmith ——
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile key and lock eenrice onr epecialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Dietribatora
208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street,
LOST—Hamilton wrist watch in Union Saturday evening. Finder call 55304. Reward.
WANTED—Passengers to Indianapolis Satui’day noon. 60c each. Call Scatter day, 36763.
FOR RENT—Garage. $2.50 . per month. Telephone 2648 at 215 Chauncey avenue^ West Lafayette.
FOR RENT—Single room. $7.50 per month. 122 Pierce street. Phone 7769.
CAR BARGAIN—’32 DeLuxe Rockne in good condition, priced for quick sale. Has radio, heater, free wheeling, new battery and excellent tires. Call 51202.
LOST.—Lady’s blue coat at basketball game Saturday. Reward. Hetty Soehner, 2461.
The Dickinson Seed Company’s Pine Tree Trophy will go to the winner in the upperclassman division, while the second place man is to get a bronze medal. Winning essays will be published in the Purdue Agriculturist as well as in trade and seed publications. Essays need not contain more than one thousand words and will be judged primarily on the authenticity and practicability of ideas advanced. Ceres Club, sponsor of the contest, is an organization of agricultural students interested in agron-
LOST—A yellow gold class ring mth initials, R.W.L. Reward. Call 36151.
Notices
No Noticei Accepted After 8 p.im
Shop Students: All keys for clothes lockers in the south wash room in Michael Golden Shops assigrned to students who do not have shop assignments for the second semester, must be returned to the department AT ONCE. Keys not returned by February 12, will be paid for by students holding them. —TURNER.
WSGA Sophomore Training School: Meetings will continue Monday, February 16, at 4:15 p. m. i —STEWART.
WAA Badminton: Call out with instructions for singles tournament February 11 at 4 p. m. —CAMBELL.
Military: Cadet officers other than brigade commanders, brigade staff, and regimental commanders, turn in your sabers to armory supply room by February 11. —WHISTLER. '
Phi Lambda Upsilon: The Johns-Mans-ville Company will show their movie on Ceiite February 14 in room 106 of the Chenllstry Building at 4 p. m. —SANDERS.
Strong Vocational Guidance Tests: Results are available until February 12 at room 202 of the Michael Golden Shops. . —RISING.
Pistol Team; New members listed on the bulletin board in the Armory turn out for practice at 4 p. m. February 11. —CAPTAIN KAY.
Union Workers: Will my committee please report at the Student Union Office at 4 p. m. February 11. —CROSSMAN.
Union Workers: Will my committee please report at the Student Union Office at 2 p. m. February 11. —TURNER.
Playshop Publicity: Anyone interested in publicity work report to the Union subbasement at 4 p. m. February 11. , —JUILLARD.
Of Thee 1 Sing: Rehearsal for principals and all choruses except 8 show girls in
FURNAS ICE CREAM
QUARTS 25c—PINTS 15c—BRICK 29c DRUMSTICKS—CHEERIOS—NUT ROLL
D AD’S PLACE — So Handy
Frozen Food Lockers
Plans will be presented lor plant to process meats, berries, fruits and vegetables by quick freezing and storage in individ-
ual lockers.
College Inn Cdfeteria
Phone 2971 for inionnation or to hove represdntotive coll on you Rented blanks mcty be filled in edt Purdue State Bank
Beauty
. . . The WayExperts Attain It!
tower room of the Union February 12, at 1 p, m. -Worcester.
Flying Cadet Applicants: The special flying cadet examining board will be at Purdue from February 21 to 26. Persons interested in taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before February 21. , —HAYFORD.
PS_A Committee Chairmen: Executive meeting February 11, at 7 p. m. in roonf B in Union Building. Please be there. —MIRKIN.
PIA Orchestra: Practice February 11 at 7 m. in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. —SHINN.
Mixed Recreation: Meeting February 11 at 7:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gymhasium. —TUBBS.
Newman Club; There are several positions on committees for freshmen who wish
to work. Report to room B of the Uhlott nt 4 p^ m. February 11. —VON HARZ.
Sophomore Exponent Co-e^: Meet in the Union office February 11 at; 4 p. m. for assignments for February- 16 co-ed edition. —COOLEY.
Sophomore Union Workers: Report at 4 . m., February 11, in work shop. —MILLHOLLAND, TAYLOR.
University Students: Activities Bureau will reopen February 14, at 4 p. m. -JACOBSON.
PIA Tea Dance: The stag list is closed. Persons not on the list will not, be admitted unless accompanied by a date. —SCHLUNDT.
WAA Basketball: Open practice February 11 at 4 p. m. The following te^s. will please be present: Alpha Xi, Alpha Chi, WRH South, Ward 3, and WRH North. —MORRIS.
Valentine Assortments
Wliatever baked goods that you desire for your party or dinner will be found at—
Grave's quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State. W.L.
Do you know why-
CEC ISBELL soys,
CHARLIE MURPHY says,
TOM SHEETS says.
JIM SHOEMAKER says.
BOB SASSER says.
III marry the actress?'
■We are constantly gathering tips from the beautycenters of the whole world. We know at ohce the hcrir styles favored in New York . . . in Hollywood . . . and Paris. We keep posted on the newest in creams and lotions. Irt a word there's no finer beauty service available than that offered at the MODE]RN BEAUTY SHOP., - '
MODERN BEAUTY SHOP 653 Main Phone 6803
FROZEN FOOD LOCKERS
NOW RENTED
SEE OUR OTHER AD IN THIS EDITION
I
I
A:
'I