This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY Morch 18,1938 Lafayette, Indiana VOL 49 No. 138
All-Campus Show Board
Fafher James M. Gillis
Will Consider Matinee
A special “Of Thee I Sing” Saturday matinee performance for high school and University students who would not otherwise be able to see the production was taken under advisement Thursday by the Board of Control. If such a performance is decided upon, tickets will sell for 25 cents, according to a statement issued by the board. Howeve\, the board was doubtful that such an extra presentation would be financially possible since it would necessitate payment of an
extra $100 royalty.
Ticket Sales Ticket sales for tonight and tomorrow night’s shows were moving rapidly, according to W. K. Milne, ticket sales chairman, and a complete sellout for both performances before 4 p. m. today was indicated. A few good seats are still available and waiting for the early call-
“Compared to another Big Ten school producing “Of Thee I Sing” this week, our show far surpasses theirs in dramatic pacing, musical precision and brilliance, and staging technique,” said Dramatics Director Kenn Carmichael last night. Stewart Comments Opening for the second set of
performance tonight in Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock the cast was pronounced to be in fine shape by A1 Stewart, musical director. “I can guarantee an A-1 performance as far as the musical end of the show is con-
cerned.”
Satirical jibes at the national political scene with Gershwin music made the' Kaufman musical last three years on Broadway. Enthusiastic comments after Saturday’s performance indicated that the cast of the all-campus production was doing justice to the keen comment and catchy music. John Dietrich, technical director, emphasized the staging continuity of last Saturday, remarking that there were no hitches or waits.
Prom Ticket Sale Closes
WAA Brings Co, Homrighous 700th In ^0511016
Fair To Campus At Carnival Tonight
By Pat Henry
/P£V, JAMES M. QlL L C.S.P.
... of New York City, will address convo go-ers Sunday morning at the regular monthly worship convocation at Eliza Fowler Hall. The subject of the lecture will be “The Arts and Religion: Twin Ways To God.”
Iturbi, Pianist Conductor, To 6ive Convo Concert
No Fear That Wabash Will
Overflow, Says T. H. Hill
Beginning at 10:30 a. m., George Osborn, a junior in the pharmacy school, will play a 15 minute organ prelude. Later in the program he will accompany the University Choir in several selections.
Born in Valencia, Spain, near the end of the 19th century, Joe Iturbi, pianist, who will play here next Tuesday evening on the regular series ef convocation concerts, has risen from a poor piano-tuner’s son to the enviable position as one of the most outstanding pianists of the immediate age. “His success in America has been of the Paderewski order,” wrote the New York Journal after Iturbi’s recent Carnegie Hall appearance, attended by numerous notables including Mrs. Franklin D. Roosevelt. Newspaperman Criticises “To hear the 12 Liszt Transcendental Etudes played as Iturbi plays them,” said W. J. Henderson, late New York Sun critic, “is a privilege that cannot come to one often in the course of a short human life.”
Fears that the swirling brown waters of the renowned Wabash river would dangerously inundate Indiana lowlands were partially dispelled late last night, when University Weather Observer T. H. Hill cited the river had only risen eight tenths of a foot since morning. He also said that the crest would probably be reached before morning. Already passing the flood stage, the river had, until yesterday, given cause for alarm as it flooded the low-lying bottom-lands. State highway 43 may be under water according to reports received last night. The river level at the latest measurement was 18.2 feet above low water mark, but the waters were rising very slowly.
The choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will sing a processional hymn entitled “Holy God, We Praise Thy Name,” while its two anthems will be “Ave Maria” and “Old Latin HymnJl
Eds To See Movies
On Social Diseases
“Step right this way, ladies and gentlemen, and try your skill at throwing pennies,” clamor barkers from all corners of the Women’s Gym tonight when the WAA council hold their annual penny carnival in the foi’m of a county fair. Ifyou dislike tossin’ pennies, you may try “Socking the Puss,” “Golf Put- . ting,” or “Bingo.” ^ Visit Side Shows Maybe you are not planning to be so rambunctious, then you may utilize the evening more easily by visiting the following sideshows; “Believe It or Not,” “String ’Em Along,” “Kappa Kasino,” “Telegraph Office,” “Penny Arcade,” the “Pedalion Photography,” “Triton Goes Sailing,” and the little International Livestock Show. At 9 o’clock mid balloons and confetti, the dancing will get underway with music provided by the PIA 15-piece orchestra. A cakewalk will be held during that time with a home made cake as the big prize. Hot Dogs! Cookies! . Speaking of food, there will be a booth with all sorts of candies, hot dogs, cookies, and other things that always make people gladly spend their money. The girls who are working in the booths won’t be forgotten, as there is to be a prize for the booth that takes in the greatest amount of money, and also one for the concession that has the cleverest skit of the evening.
Next Week-Miller
Selling out Carnegie Hall three times, Iturbi numbers five New York appearances among his recitals. He has made eight American tours, appearing with Toscanini at the end of his 1933-34 season. Among his other duties, he is permanent conductor of the Rochester Philharmonic for the 1937-38 season.
Orgin Soloist To Play Sunday In Eliza Fowler Hall
Three special motion pictures in venereal diseases will be shown in Eliza Fowler Hall next week in connection with Social Hygiene Week on University campus. Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, announced yesterday afternoon. The Exponent is cooperating with the health service in sponsoring a campaign against social disease during the week.
Schilling Will Play For Second Annual
Ag Dance Tonight
Co-eds Model At Colorful Spring
Style Showing
By Joy Johnson
That clothes this spring are practical yet colorful was demonstrated yesterday afternoon at the YWCA St. Patrick’s Style Show in the Union faculty lounge. Seven co-eds
Miss Virginiai Byrd, Inldianapolis organist, will play an organ program Sunday afternoon, at 2:30 p. m., in Eliza Fowler Hall. Playing on the large model Hammond electric organ installed in Fowler Hall, Miss Byrd will exhibit some of the organ’s possibilities during the program. The program will include: “Largo,” Handel; “Communion in G,” Batiste'; “Ave Maria,” Schubert; “Minute Waltz,” Chopin; “Herzlich Tut Mich Verlangen,”.Bach. “Suite From Water Music,” Handel; “In Summer,” Stebbins; “Gavotte from Mignon,” Thomas; “Vision,” Rheinberger; “Come Ye Thankful People Come,” Elvey; and “Fanfare,” Lemmens.
“This will provide an unusual opportunity to see these diseases in all their different phases,” “Doc” stated in reference to the films. “I advise ■’'every student in the University to attend one showing.” Men only will be permitted to attend the presentation of the pictures on syphilis and gonorrhea during Tuesday, the opening day, Wednesday, and Thursday. On Fri-' day, three different showings will be given for the women.
Dr. Robert Phillips To Speak Before Teachers
Agricultural students and staff members will get together for their second annual informal dance in the Union ballroom from 9 to 12 tonight. Attire similar to that worn to regular Saturday night mixers will be in order. Any proceeds in excess of expenses will go to a student loan fund to be set aside for students in the school of agriculture. Although not as yet established as an annual affair, the dance is held to help further student-faculty relations. Sponsored by agricultural honoraries Alpha Zeta and Ceres, the dance provides an exclusive function of the school. Lou Schilling and his campus band are playing for the affair. Tickets for the affair may still be secured from members of sponsoring organizations and from the Union desk at $1 each.
Dr. Robert Phillips, professor of history and government in Purdue, will speak before the Montgomery County Teachers’ Institute Saturday, March 19, on the subject “Southwest Trails.” Dr. Phillips will give his lecture in Crawfordsville, Indiana.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Fair and warmer today. Showers and cooler this eevning or tomorrow. Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 43; low, 36; mean, 40.
modeled street dresses, suits and formats simultaneously with the explanations of Miss Vera Swan of Loeb and Hene’s. Ruth Robinson played the piano accompaniment.
More Exemptions^ - Prof. Fairman
' Perhaps in honor of St. Patrick, Mary Petticrew modeled a navy blue dress with a bright green bolero and roller hat to match.
“Rosalee, My Bosalee” An afternoon dress of figured silk jersey with a black background and accentuated by a long silk jersey with gloves to match was worn by Rosalee Totten. Peggy Wood wore a coronet and carried a muff decorated with I’oses in the same pale pink of her chiffon evening dress. •
A table laden with galley proofs for his new book at his elbow, and a map outlining in blue lines his travels throughout the United States overhead, Professor Seibert Fairman of the applied mechanics department was interviewed yesterday afternoon as one of Exponent’s “Good Teachers.”
The book, “Engineering Mechanics,” is being written in collaboration with Professor Cutshall of the same department, and will appear for use next semester.
The other models, Martha Norman, Peg Dicks, Jeanne Janousek, Harriel; Morris, and Virginia Hulse, helped to show the bolero dresses and suits and other spring formals. Sarah Alice McIntosh was in charge of the show.
As far as determining semester grades goes, the applied mechanics instructors have one of the best organizations on the campus. Each student hands in about 40 pieces of written work during the semester: eight hour tests and the remainder dailies. With these alone as a ba-
sis, a student receives an “A” and an exemption from the final if he makes an 85 average. Stresses Obscure Points Professor Fairman believes the teacher can do a great deal toward making his courses more clear and less difficult for the student to understand by discussing vague subject xnatter in class. “Mechanics is a course in which we can avoid a great waste of time by pointing out rather obscure points in the classroom,” he states. “I think it a waste of time for the student to spend undue effort merely digging them out. This principle is applicable to many other coui'ses in the University curriculum. “Further, the exemption idea provides a great incentive in getting the student to work. There
(Continued on page 4)
line; Many On Wailing List
By Dorothea Justin
Relieved, somewhat shaky of hand, P. W. Homrighous, EE ’39, signed the prom permit, paid his money, and listened to W. W. Hollensbe, cashier, say “700th—no more can be stamped.” June Hackleman, next in the long line of impatient students in the cashier’s office at 10:55 yesterday morning, stepped up to the window and complacently pushed four dollar bills under the wicket.
Takes Deep Breath
Hollensbe took a deep breath. “There aren’t any more tickets available right now. Put your name on the list for notification ,of any turned back,” and placed a sheet of paper on the ledge. “Aren’t there any more?” a puffing engineer, who had just come in, exclaimed. “No. Put your name on the preferi’ed list,” somewhat acidly remarked Miss Hackleman, leaving without a goodbye smile. Many students hopeful of tickets have signed the waiting list for returned permits, the prom committees announced last night. Plan Contest Still Open Sully Mason, committee member in charge of prom decorations, said that plans for decorations will still be accepted by the committee. Best plans designer will receive a complimentary ticket to the dance . . . Construction plans and an itemized cost of not to exceed $200, should be included with the designs. Mason explained.
PM Sound Filins Show Carnivorous Plants, Oxidation-Reduction
Not a double feature—but a quadruple feature movie will be shown Tuesday and Wednesday in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. These movies, in the series of weekly programs of educational sound motion pictures, will be giyen here through the cooperation of the Visual Education Bureau of Indiana University. Programs are arranged by department of practical mechanics and begin at 4 o’clock each afternoon. Carnivorous plants, those which have the unusual ability of trap.^. ping and digesting insects and the smaller, animals, will be the subject of one of next week’s films. The enfolding of the insects by the leaf tentacles of a sun-dew plant is revealed through the use of timelapse photography. Oxidation Process
Another of the films deals with
should be more exemption courses.” His Sections Close Early Never does Professor Fairman digress from the subject at hand for a general bull-session ... he says that classroom matter offers enough to talk about. For many semesters his sections have closed among the first at registration, as each successive class of students learns of his teaching methods via the campus grapevine telegraph. Concerning final examinations and compulsory attendance—subjects of popular discussion for the past several weeks—he says: “I think final examinations are a waste of time, for I find that very few students have changed their semester grade by taking a final.
Lambda Chi Alpha . . .
No Faculty Meeting
Student Room
Survey'-Wadleigh
Work on the survey of student rooming houses will be resumed this week-end as Alpha Phi Omega boy scout honorary, takes up the house-to-house convassing, Eric Wadleigh, president of the organization, said last night following a meeting of his group. “The boys are very enthusiastic about the project,” President Wadleigh stated. “They think it’s a worthwhile survey and are anxious to carry it out.” The investigation of student living places was started several weeks ago after Exponent Editor R. P. Manion designed a three-page questionnaire for recording information on conditions found in them. About 75 houses have already been canvassed. 30 Men Will Canvass About 30 Alpha Phi Omega actives and pledges will spend Saturday afternoon toward completing the entire survey of West Lafayette. They expect to finish the work by spring vacation. Before starting out Satm-day, the Alpha Phi Omega men will meet in the Union for instructions from Manion and Robert Buckles, Purdue Student Alliance representative, who is also a supporter of the campaign.
Dr. F. G. Benedict
To Lecture Here
Dr. Francis G. Benedict, director of Nutrition Laboratories at the Carnegie Institute, will give two talks today in the lectm*e room of the Biology Building. “What the Research Worker May Learn from the Magician” is the , subject of the lecture to be given by Dr. Benedict at 4:45 p. m. At 7:30 p. m. he will talk on “Animal Metabolism” and “Mouse to the Elephant.” These lectures are being sponsored by the Purdue chapter of Sigma Xi, research fraternity. Dr. Benedict, a gi'aduate of Harvard University and Heidelberg University, Germany, holds a number of honorary degrees. He has been a member of all the American Chemical Societies. Dr. Benedict is also a member of the Society of American Magicians. The lecture that he is to give at 4:45 p. m. will be based on this knowledge of magic.
WAA Members Approve Present Nominations
the process of oxidation and reduction. After showing some of the more spectacular examples, the picture concludes with everyday occurrences of the processes. Two other features on the program hinge on the realms of entomology. One tells of the life histories of the large silk moth and the whitemasked tussock moth, while the other depicts various stages in the life of a common house fly. The latter is shown in motion photomicrographs and includes methods for control of the pest.
Present nominations for officers were approved by a quorum of WAA members at a mass meeting yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Although the meeting was open for further nominations, no change in the announced list of candidates was made. Installation of the new officers will take place at the annual Winter Sports banquet, Mai^ch 24, at 6 p. m. in the Home Economics cafeteria. Tickets will be on sale for 60 cents until Tuesday night, March 22.
Five Hundred Tickets...
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Ray Bussong, Galesburg, 111., and Paul Liebrecht, Yonkers, N. Y.
To Members of the Faculty: On account of spring vacation, the regular meeting of the Faculty will not be held this month. Edward C. Elliott, President.
. . . will go on sale today for the annual Gold Peppei’s Dance to be held in the Union ballroom Friday evening, March 25. Dick Cisne and his orchestra from the University of Illinois, will play at the first co-ed bid dance of this semester. Pledges to Gold Peppers, senior women’s activities honorary, will be announced during the evening, according to Culotta Holden, president. Tickets priced at one dollar may be obtained from any Gold Pepper member or at the Union desk until Friday. Mai-y Alice Masters is chairman of the tickets committee.wm:
£dihfmtL
TH&PUBDUE EXPONENT
diunufL.
Friday, March 18, 1938
How Many Freshmen...
... of the 2,000 or more who’ll register at Purdue next September will actually be qualified to enter the University? How will each one compare with his fellow frosh ? How many will withstand the ever-threatening torrent of yellow slips, flunk notices, and probation fees long enough to don senior cords ?
We can only predict that their graduating class will fall short of the 700 mark, thus excluding nearly two-thirds from sheepskin honors. From any typical freshman class, according to past performances, about two-thirds leave Purdue without diplomas, either because of financial difficulties or scholastic shortcomings.
In either case this unlucky two-thirds leave Purdue several hundred dollars poorer, as well as without a sheepskin. Diplomas, to the rank and file of undergraduates, seem to serve as individual goals—tangible goals they hope will be a pass-key to success in a mercenary world. Thus those who miss diplomas and spend illatforded money are doubly cheated.
The point could be made that time spent at Purdue is not wasted, but among practical people the financial losses nearly always outweigh the advantages of one or two semester’s education.
Those financially embarrassed can at least predict their difficulties; they know what a Purdue education costs. But the scholastically or temperamentally unsuited have no way of knowing the problems they face.
Any scheme to forewarn prospective freshmen of the school-work difficulty ahead of them should thin the ranks of unlucky two-thirds. Since orientation and placement exams find wide favor at college entrance time, perhaps similar tests given prospective frosh well ahead of September registration might help solve the 'problem.
the Purdue Exponent
^seriated
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, uiider the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60.
Editor-InrChief
Bnsiness Manssrer
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor.'.......^ J. E. Brock Editor’s Secretary....Z .......Margaret Sawyer Associate Blditors.... ; D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Sophomore Assistants—R. J. Deckard, G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, R. L. Keck, W; A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager..... , M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors...
CO-ED STAFF ^
Elizabeth Pyke
..Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors ;....J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
' MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 5038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Deckard Friday, March 18, 1938
theoretically at least, the aspiring high school graduate can easily test himself, grade his papers, and decide how tough Purdue will be for him.
In answer to each request for enrollment blanks, tests of knowledge, tests of learning, or fact-grasping ability, and fair samples of typcial Purdue freshman homework might be sent—accompanied by all test answers. Then
With pre-entrance knowledge such as this to guide them many of the unlucky two-thirds might never enroll, might not waste money, might not waste time . . . which could mean money.—H. I. S.
Green Potters Is All Right
Dear Editor: You are right about some of the things you said concerning Green Potters in yesterday’s editorial. The organization hasn’t set the campus on fire since its founding two years ago, but we freshmen believe that it serves some worthwhile purposes—^for the freshmen.
You say that Green Potters did not organize Tuesday night’s pot burning, and that is true. Green Potters did, however, have plans laid for carrying out that tradition on the following night in a manner befitting its significance to the freshman class. Those plans were spoiled by the meddling of an upperclassman who evidently has not yet outgrown his own freshmen years.
Saturday’s Show Takes The Prize Dear Editor:
By Sally, McKee Only one who’s been ill or laid up can appreciate the pleasure one gets from a visit or call at any time of illness. But only such a one knows what bad cSllers some people make. *“
Elections Were Fair When you mentioned “questionable elections,” you could not have referred to that conducted by the class bf ’41. Some politics were involved, of course, as they ai’e in practically every campus election, but the voting time, place, and procedure were all arranged fairly. There has been no previous complaint about the affair.
I am willing to match my socalled “locker-room” stories with those of any student at Purdue, but it does not seem proper to me for an orchestra, supposedly having a good reputation, to give a floor show and dialogue not good enough for even a cheap burlesque. This has happened quite often, but last Saturday night was really “the prize.”
The friend who must tell of all the dreadful illnesses he has suffered is a well known figure. And a friend of ours asks that the funny man stay away from the sur-. geon’s victim’s until laughing is a bit less painful for him.
Perhaps the- column “What, Where, and When,” should be addressed to those who need it, more than we students.
For all possible sick room visi-tors—-we advise .you that your friend will really enjoy your visit-— if you don’t stay too long, if you don’t tell too funny stories, and if you don’t tell unpleasant stories.
John Jj^rvis, EE ’39.
Green Potters has held no “select meetings” this year. All who asked to work on a committee has been givenj a position. Green PotteTs bars no freshmen from its meetings, and permits all to participate in its activities.
collegiate
Unites Freshmen As we see it, the main purpose of Green Potters is to unite the some 2,000 freshmen on the University campus and to help them become acquainted with one another. The organization has already done some work along that line since registration last fall, and is going to further that aim more this spring. Saturday, April 9, has been set as the date for our Freshman Dance.
Embattled co-eds at the University of Alabama are hurling the charge of stinginess at the men on the ca,mpus.
They think they have good reason, since they recently learned that the university supply store, where food and drinks are sold, has one of its biggest crowds of the day immediately after 10:45 p. m., when the men must return their dates to dormitories or sbrority houses.
While you are attacking student organizations, may we suggest that you also “build a bonfiie under” some of those groups made up entirely of uppeielassmen. You know, a few good examples might provide a better incentive for Green Potters than a hundred . editorials.
That means but one thing to them. Their fond young Romeos are simply waiting to buy refreshments until they have only one mouth to feed, instead of two.
Charles R. Gibson, President, Green Potters
The boys insist that they aren’t trying to save money on the girls, but that they like a late-evening snack; and, “there aie some dishes a gentleman can’t eat gracefully in the presence of a lady.”
TODAY — SATURDAY
MISSING
Someone must have been doing something under Heavilon Hall tower at midnight recently . . . and doing it so energetically that the Roman numeral XII became so excited it fell off.
At least that’s our explanation of why the 12 is missing on the east face of the clock.
We hear that Betty Ann Stewart has been sounding out the Prom committee about a comp. She has been subtly reminding committee members that WSGA of which she is president sets the expected late hours.
We also hear that Dean Fisher has already okayed the late hours for Prom.
What we want to know is: “Who is president of WSGA? Betty Ann or Dean Fisher?”
From advance information which has been traveling about the grapevine wire, the Saturday night performance of the All-Campus musical, “Of Thee I Sing,” will be a wow! That is if being oiled makes for smooth lineS.
They tell us that “Moneybags” Siebenthal tosses and turns in bed at night thinking up ideas which he hopes will sell 500 more Debris before the March 24 last-sale deadline.
Last Wednesday’s Exponent reported the loss on the highway of the steel bumps used in tests made
NOW SHOWING lA MliACLE: |OF MUTIIIN ■AND EBiOTION...Disney'* ■ first full-length production!
ARC
TODAY — SATURDAY
— and — MADGE EVANS and LEWIS STONE IN
‘THE 13th CHAIR” — alM —
—-tiliia— “KRAZY KAT” CARTOON
- ■■■
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
Copr. 1938 by Vnlted PeAture SyBdlaate, Iii«.
-and I hope. Miss Clancy, that you’re not considering this job merely a stepping stone to marriage!”
with Professor Jacklin’s accelerometer. Here’s a poet’s account of what happened.
GIVE US OUR BUMPS Some ignorant people Have done much cacklin’ About the theft From • Professor Jacklin But there’s something amiss "With any jester Who gloats at the stopping Of Jacklin’s tester. We need stumps and slumps And likewise thumps; Yes, we, like Jacklin, Must have our bumps.
For always when life Is a limpid song. There’s something wron.g. The course of true love Never ran smooth; Love isn’t love Without hurts to soothe. And just as mumps Must have its lumps Both we and Jacklin Must have our bumps. —Court Jester.
In the last six-month period, Princeton University has received gifts totalling $1,066,605.
MARS
Osie S©iiciM©yr of Dazzling Entertainment Riotous Stage Revue
Syncopa^ors . Sweel Swing
Singers . . Dancers Glorious Girls!
SATURDAY ONLY GALA STAGE SHOW!
— Last Times Today -— JIMMY DURANTE
JOAN PERRY
THREE STOOGES
— "START CHEERING
warnI»
Friday, March 18, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
Matmen Conclude Bouts
Badminton Squad Leaves For Three
Phi Pi Phi's Play In Finals Of Volleyball
SAA Awards 32 Major^ 13
After Two Day Session way Meet Today Tourney Tonight Minor Letters; 37 Num ris
Under the direction of Coach Claude Reeck, all-campus wrestling championships in nine weight classes were decided yesterday and Wednesday afternoons on the Fieldhouse wrestling mats. Bouts in the live lighter weights were held Wednesday, and the rest were run off yesterday. The bouts were five minutes in-
stead of the usual 10 minutes, and only one bout was forced to go into overtime periods. This was in the heavyweight class, with Maudlin I’eceiving the decision from Harvy at the end of the second overtime. Winners of each division will receive gold medals, with silver medals going to the second place men and bronze medals to those placing third.
118 pound class—Winner, C. E. Graham; second, Joe McGrath; and third, H. E. Freeman. 126 pound class—-Winner, C. W. Allmon; second, C. A. Rubio; and third, G. M. Croxall. 135 pound class—Winner, H. F. Polli; second, W. L. Roth. 145 pound class—Winner, K. F. McAllister; second, K. A. Rawlins; and third, J. H. Papurea. 155 pound class—Winner, N. Kowalchuk; second, M. B. Adams; and
third, A. B. Huston. 165 pound class—Winner, J. W. Post; second, B. Edwards; third, C. E. Sohl. 175 pound class — Winner, F. Mackin; second, D. D. Shindeckler; third, Leibengood. 185 pound class—Winner J. Toth; second; R. E. Throckmorton; third, R. R. Oeftiger. Heavyweight—Winner, A. N. Rossi; second, M. A. Keller; third, J. N. Maudlin.
“Moie marriages are wrecked by college-trained girls not working and having too much time on their hands, than by their working.” Dr. James McConaughy, president of Wesleyan University, thinks that it IS unfair to force a young wife who could earn some money for herself, to beg her husband for spending money.
(bimumjmsmL! Colonial Gardens Has been opened under new management. Come out and try our delicious sandwiches and fountain drinks. We are open all day and after dances. You will receive quick, courteous service. You will enjoy an evening at
Colonial Gardens
Lindbergh and Road 52
Curb Service
'"A port in a storm” that’s what you’ll say after you have eaten in the
QhMtnuL
It’s different .... It’s quiet .... It’s comfortable .... It’s just the place you have been looking for to enjoy your lunch and dinners.
Visit the Chestnut Room -now located on the second floor.
JhjL fiundjjuL WsmufiLaL lAniofL
Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Campus Activities
Six members of the University badminton team will leave today to take part in a three way meet with Northwestern and Illinois Universities in the Patten Gymnasium at Evanston, 111. The Univei-sity team, still undefeated in intercollegiate competition, is composed of D. Douglass, B. Billings, H. Goldstein, J. Mann, M. Johnson, and J. Rose. NU, mini One Down Both Northwestern and Illinois have lost to the University team by a one-point margin, the Wildcats once, and the Suckers twice. Billings and Douglass will remain in Evanston to participate in the Mid-western Badminton Tournament, which \yill be held Saturday and Sunday in the Evanston High School gym. This tournament IS open to amateur badminton players from six states. Purdue’s First It will be the first time Purdue has been represented in this tournament. Other Big Ten schools having teams entered are Chicago, Illinois, Minnesota, and Northwestern. The tournament will include some of the best amateur badminton players in the countiy and will also serve as a preparation for the National Badminton Tournament to be held in Philadelphia next week.
Finals of the interfraternity volleyball tournament will be played tonight in the Fieldhouse at 7 p. m. with the Phi Pi Phi’s meeting the winner of the bracket of the Phi Delt’s, Delta Chi’s and Beta’s.
The Phi Pi Phi’s reached the finals through a 21 to 14 victory over the DU’s, but the teams in the lower biacket have so far failed to provide a champion from their group.
Before the championship team may be decided upon, the Beta’s rriust meet the Phi Delt’s, and the winner of this game must play the Delta Chi’s. These games will be played tonight before the finals. The remaining team of these three will meet the Phi Pi Phis for the championship. Two of the squads remaining in the lower bracket, the Beta’s and the Phi Delt’s, have not played a game to date, but they are scheduled to play in the final round tonight before the touiney champ may be decided.
Intromurals
Frosh Trackmen
6-30-
Run Firs! Heals
VOLLEYBALL —Today— -Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 7:00^—^Delta Chi vs. Phi Delta Theta or Beta Theta Pi. Phi Pi Phi vs. Winner of game at 7:00 (Championship game).
Of Four-Way Meet
First heats of the frosh quadrangular track meet with Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Purdue were run off yesterday evening in the Fieldhouse. The events were not completed as some of the men who wei e to participate will not be able to compete until today. The events run off were the 220, quarter-mile, low and high hurdles, and the two mile run. Fair times were recorded, according to Coach Homer Allen. However, some of the best men in these events were not running. The meet was originally scheduled as a triangular meet with only Iowa and Wisconsin, but Illinois entered late last week.
VOLLEYBALL 7:00—Ward 3, Ward 5, Ward 11, Cary Hall 4, Ward 2, Ward 7-x, Ward 2-a, Cary Hall 3, Cary Hall 5, Ward 13, Ward 10-x, Ward 2-x, Waid 4, Ward 2, Ward 11-x, Ward 1. Any other wards may enter teams by leporting between 7-8 p. m.
ALL-CAMPUS PING PONG Today—4:06 Rose, J. H. vs. Gardner, L. Harris, W. J. vs. Winner (Gardner vs. Rose) Bower, W. W. vs. Fink, R. A. Bellfield, A. M. vs. Michael, R. W. Anderson, R. W. vs. Gershuny, J. Blitz, D. vs. Winner (Anderson or Geishuny).
STYLe UeAPER because he buqs early and selects from the wide variety he \s sure to find here first:
Spring Suits and Top Coats
to iWHiAMSi:
cunrmssNOPMC.
Letter awards to members of Purdue’s five minor winter# sports squads were announced yesterday by the insignia board
of the Student Athletic Association.
A total of 32 major letters, 13 minor letters, and 37 freshman numerals were awarded. The tankmen won the largest number of majors, with seven given in both water polo and swimming. The fencers received eight, the squashmen six, and the wrestlers four. —
The wrestlers received the most numerals, with a total of 16 first year men being given their 41’s. Freshman swimmers got 14 and squash racquets frosh received 7. The insignia board also authorized the award of letters to the intramural managers. Herb Boyer, of Dwight, 111., and R. W. Middleton, of South Bend, as well as the award of freshman numerals in fencing to the 12 yearling's who finish highest in the tournament to be held next week. Swimming Majors—L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, 111.; E. D. Carr, Oak Park, 111.; J. W. Graham, Lafayette; G. H. Kerber, Park Ridge, 111.; W. D. Lahey. South Bend; G. Tredwell, West Lafayette; G. A. Wildhack, Indianapolis. Minors—G. J. Ancker, Indianapolis; G. Craig, Oak Park, 111.; R. A. Fuller, Maywood, 111.; R. R. Hovard, Oak Park, 111. Freshmen Numerals — Howard Kiick, Indianapolis; Peter H. Ovens, Huntington; Fred H. Mott, Hammond; Alfred Risser, Park Ridge, 111.; Charles A. Siler, Oak
Wrestling Majois—N. C. Gossard, Kempton; R. C. Hoffman, Wabash; H. L. Timms, Methuen, Mass.; N. B. Willey, Chicago, 111. Minois—H A Beikheiser, Lafayette; A W Dawson, Corunna, E. H. Ledeier, South Bend; -J R. Piatt, Crown Point; H J. Sieber, Morristown, N J , W P Tyrrell, Muncie.
Freshmen Numeials—C W. Allmon, Beaver, Pa.; H E Freeman, Anderson; R. C Hagens, Casper, Wyo.; F. C. Hedges, Gary; F. K. McAllister, West Lafayette; J. F. Mackin, Springfield, Ky.; J. H. Papurca. Long Island, N. Y ; N. A. Phelps, South Williamstown, Mass ; H. F. Poll, Chicago, 111.; J. W. Post, Dormont, Pa.; A. N. Rossi, Pekin, 111.; W. L. Roth, Hammond; C. E. Sohl, Hammond; J. Toth, South Bend; R. R. Oefteger, New York City, N. Y ; K. A. Rawlin, Hammond.
Squash Racquets Majors—T. 0. Jackson, Lafay-
ette; R. D. Juve, Akron, O.; K. M. Linn, Bouiingpet, India; J. G. Lu-
Park, 111.; James R. Ogden, Louis- • Cleveland, 0.; A. W. Sokolow
ville, Ky.; Frederick C. Tuxworth, Huntington; Donald Anderson, Chicago, 111.; Lewis B. McCammon, Tulsa, Okla.; Lansing M. Hinrichs, Winnetka, 111.; Thomas T. Haver, Lakewood, 0.; Walter E. McMillen, Hammond; Arthur Mauck, Evansville; Vernon C. Beebe, Kenilworth,
111.
Water Polo Majors—L. E. Armstrong, Chicago, 111.; E. D. Carr, Oak Park, 111.; J. H. Jacobi, Dayton, 0.; G. H. Kerber, Park Ridge, 111.; W. D. Lahey. South Bend; C. A. Liming, Virginia, Minn.; J. R. VanDelester, Hammond. Minors—T. A. Harris, South Bend Bend; R. S. Marshall, Indianapolis.
ski, Cleveland, 0.; M. T. Wakefield, Shelbyville, Ky. Minor—H. E. Eberhard, Angola. Freshmen Numerals—J. E. Faut, Fountaintown; J. Messmore, Kansas City, Mo.; M F. Patrick, Indianapolis; F. C. Richardson, Greenville, Pa.; Paul Shumway, Turner Falls, Mass.; O. P. Smith, Indianapolis; R. V Thayer, Aurora. Fencing Majors—J. S McWilliams, New Albany; W. H. Reynolds, West Lafayette; Carl E. Hoffman, East Chicago; Myron Stepath, Springfield, Mass.; James Seaborg, South Bend; Robert Meier, Fort Wayne; Art Levin, Gary; Robert L. Matthews, of South Bend.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your
selection.
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
^ CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2,082,106 YELLQ^OLE
New way of burning tobacco — better, cooler, cleaner. Carburetor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl absolutefy dry. Treated with honey. Get the genuine.
HOT CROSS BUNS
When you want to add a real appetizing delicacy to the evening meal, remember hot cross buns. Always fresh. Prompt delivery.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State# W. L5: @ i
iXoaxl (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ThJticiUL
Friday, March 18, 1938
More Exemptions-- Mm'I" Union Weanesday
(Continued from page 1)
The lime ^pont on tho<=e exams eould lu hettei used foi furthei vtuih I am ^iin thi- ^^ollId hold fi 1 1 till ’ I eui " e''-( Veaiimt Old Sclicme ' '\Ioll0^cl I am not in favoi of a blanket attcndanoo i ule—courses \ ai \ too much "I (lent want to go back to the old 'tl.emc. but beliiwe that each iiistiuctoi. with the approval of his depaitmental head, should be allowed to foimulate his owm attendance lule- to best meet the requirements of his course.” Mo‘-t commented on by students !" Professor Fairman’s carefully modulated voice and exereme courtesy in the classroom ‘T don’t believe in yelling to get lesults." he says ‘'Teachers should be couiteous, of course . . . there is no excuse for any other kind of ac-
tion "
Sleepers Don’t Bother Him Students in his classes may take fi\e cuts a semestei, and he allows them to make up this number of dailies, but no moie. Moie than this, he feels wull cause the student to become delinquent in the course. Classroom sleepeis disturb him not at all; he lets them di earn on undistui bed The teacher, he believes, should follow an open-dooi policy; alw'ays leady to help a student in out-of-class hours wuth any problems he cannot understand. Asking for this help, he states emphatically, is not “tiying to get a suck ” Of activities—topic of lecent letteis on Exponent's editorial page, he say« Activities \re O. K. ‘‘Activities aie all right. Sacrificing grades foi activity and what It gains is a question for the student alone to decide, however, unless his grades fall excessively
low ”
Born and reared in Kansas, Piofessor Fail man graduated from Kansas State University. He now lives m West Lafayette with his wife and thre children—a girl, 13, and two boys, 11 and 8 years old. Good natured, well dressed, he exhibits much more vigorous health than many in his profession. Coming here in January, 1921, fiom the General Electric Turbine engineering department in Lynn, Mass., to work for his masters degree, he liked Purdue so well he ■stayed. Yesterday he proclaimed: “Now, I think the only way they could get me out would be to fire
Sponsoied by the Univeisity phai macy extension department, the eighth annual Druggists’ Business CoiifeiI'licc' will be held in the Memonal Union Building, Wednesday and Thuisday, Maich 23 and 24. 0\ei 400 of Indiana’s drug store owneis, manageis, and cleiks aie exp'wted to attend the sessions that have been planned by Prof. H. W. Heme, in charge of University phaimacy extension wmrk. Dean C. B. Joidan will welcome the visitois to the campus, with the response by Kiefer Elliott, of Sheridan, piesident of the Indiana Pharmaceutical Association. Prof. L. M. Sears, Dr. E. C. Elliott, and Pi of. F. C. Hockema, of the University, will speak before the visit-
ing druggists.
The druggists will be given special first aid demonstiations by the physical education department, will inspect the University gymnasium and Fieldhouse, and will witness a review of the University’s ROTC Corps. Special programs are also planned for the wives of the visit-
ing druggists.
Prof. Robbins Helps With Grain Scbools Pi of. F. E. Robbins, of the Univeisity Agronomy department, is cooperating with the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association of Chicago, in presenting a series of grain grading schools, similai to the one held last year on this campus. The next school will be held at Fort Wayne March 28 and 29, to be followed by another at Indianapolis, March 31
and Apiil 1.
The two-day schools will be of a piactical nature, with the time being spent in- tbe laboratory using the equipment and handling gram to be hai vested The first day’s school will consist of the grading of wheat and oats and the second day will be occupied with the grading of coin and soybeans. Prof. J. J. Davis . . . . . . head of the department of entomology, will conduct a course for pest control operators at Stanford University, Palo Alto, Calif., during spring vacation. A similar course w'as given here at the University
last January.
Asked whether they preferred men or women bosses, 520 women studied by a Colgate University psychologist, said they preferred men because women bosses let personal things creep into work, get angry over errors, are jealous, are efficiency slaves, find fault, and pay too much attention to details.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mai
Phone 5701
• Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurt. - Fn KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mam Phone 7727
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Florist
dhih J-IifasI Inc eS.I Main St. in Luna Theatre Buildingr Phone 7955—8050 • Locksmith F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service oor specialty. U C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N 5lh St, Phone 2828
Madrigal Chorus Will Head Program In Music Room Sunday Afternoon Mr=:. John W. Findley, will diiect the Madiigal Choi us m the legular music loom progiam Sunday, Maich 20, at 4 p m. The clioiuh consists of 13 local women who have sung together for a number of yeais just for the plea.SLiie of singing. The name “Madrigal Choi us” IS taken from the English Madiigal, 1665, by Henry Purcell, which they sing at the beginning of each of their programs. Included on the program is the .selection Concerto—A Major, by F’ields, with Mrs. Claude Reeck at the fiist piano and Mrs. Seigel Anderson at the second piano. Knight To'TeH'Em'At Ag Staff Luncheon “How to Tell ’Em” is the prospective topic of Dr. F. B. Knight at the agriculture staff luncheon which will be held Monday in the Union Building. The luncheon meeting will start at 12 noon. Kent Ellis is chairman of the committee in charge of the luncheon. Other members of the committee are Starley Huntei, Purvis Albright, and Dave Pfendler, who are membeis of the agriculture .‘-'taff. All tickets will be reserved. If attendance to the luncheon is impossible, the tickets may be returned to Mrs. Mable L. Harlan, 802 Stadium, before 10 a. m. Monday. Forester Executive To Speak At Banquet Heniy Clipper, executive secretaiy of the Society of American Forester.s relates his experiences m the field of forestry, March 23, when he speaks at the annual Forestry Club banquet. According to Foresti y Club officials, Clipper’s talk should prove interesting to enthusiasts of conservation and wild life work. Tickets foi the banquet, priced at 65 cents each, may be obtained by calling J. C. Romeiser at 3245.
University 4-H'ers Plan Annual Party Arrangements are under way for an All-University 4-H Club party to be held in the assembly room of Ag Hall next Wednesday night. A similar paity last year attracted approximately 150 present and former members of 4-PI Clubs. Undei the direction of a committee selected from prominent 4-H’ers now in the University, the party will afford opportunity to renew old club acquaintances and meet University 4-H directors. The party will start at 7:15 o’clock and will last until 10 o’clock. A varied program of games and entertaining numbers has been planned. Refreshments will be served. Any present or former 4-H club members has the' committe’s invitation to attend this informal gettogether. Phi Kappa Tau , . . . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of John Calhoun Deal, Jr., of Coronado Beach, Fla.; John Wilcox Flett, of Rivei Forest, 111.; and Charles A. Stewart, of Westfield, N. J.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
HELP WANTED—College men spend this summer in South America. Salaried positions. No special experience necessary. Send dime (handling charge) todov for astonishing information. South American Association, 827 St. Charles Ave., New Orleans, Louibiana.
F’OR SALE—Good L. C. Smith typewriter $15.00. Call office 2826 —Residence 5341.
OPEN—Round trip to Pittsburgh leaving at 5 a. m., March 26. Call Consoli, 4096.
LOST—Gold crested ring in the Mechanical Engineering Building. Finder please notify Reinhardt at 4726.
Money-Saving BEAUTIES!
BELLE-SHARMEER Stockings in Leg Sizes Wear Longer Because They Fit Better! You’ll never shorten the life of Belle-Sharmeer Stockings with stretching and straining. They’re individually sized in width as well as length and foot size, to fit your legs exactly the first time you put them on and every day thereafter. Save your stocking-money for the movies . . . and look like a movie queen! Wear your leg size in Belle-Sharmeer. Brev for smalls, Modite for $1.00 $1.65 mediums, Duchess for tails. to ^ a pail Also Classic for plumps.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO New Location 622-626 Main St.
University Notices No Noticei Accepted After 8 p. m.
ME 62, Condition Examinations: An examination will be held on Saturday, April "■ froiP 1 to 4 p m. in room 308. This is the last opportunity for removing conditions in ME 62 received prior to the 1937-1938 school year. Students planning to take this examination should see me before April 6th. —BINDER. WSGA: Girls who haven't filled in activities blanks please come into WSGA office between 4 and 6 p. m. any afternoon before Saturday, March 19. —JONES.
Wuelfing, M. Brewer, E. Tubbs, D. Patterson, M. Camphell, and A. Berget. Scheduled games for double round robin tournament is Thursday. March 17, following WAA election, at 4:30: Freshmen vs. seniors; sophomore vs. juniors. Monday, March 21 at 4 p. m. freshmen vs. juniors ; seniors vs. sophomores ; 4 :30, freshmen vs. seniors, sophomore vs. juniors. Tuesday, March 22, 4:00 freshmen vs. sophomores; seniors vs. juniors ; 4 :30 freshmen vs. juniors : seniors vs. sophomores. Wednesday, March 23, at 4 :00 fieshmen vs. sophomores ; seniors vs juniois. Thursday, March 24, all-star game. —MORRIS.
History, Government Makeups: Conditional and incomplete removal exams in history, economics and government will be given Saturday, March 19, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the Recitation Building. Make application in history office. Recitation Building, before March 19. —ESTEY.
Mixed Recreation: No mixed recreation program Friday, March 18, because of Penny Carnival —TUBBS.
Forestry Club: Tickets for the Foresters’ Banquet on Wednesday, March 23, may be obtained from me now. Class representatives please note. —ROMEISER.
.lunior Military: All Junior boots are ready foi issue in the Armory supply room. Boots must be fitted not later than .5 p. m., Friday, March 18 —WHISTLER.
Distinguished Students: Distinguished student refunds are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Passports must be shown. (3-19) —HOULENSBE. Christian Foundation: Tickets for the annual Student Banquet to be held March 18 at 6:16 p. m. are now on sale. Call Harold Cripe at 45102, or Reverend Hunter at 31824, —CRISS.
Gold Peppers: Important meeting at 4 p. m , Friday, March 18, in YWCA office. All members be present. —SLOCUM. “Of Thee I Sing” Stage Crew: Be in Fowler Hall at t p. m. Friday. March 18. Important. —BRENMAN.
Debris: Important sales meeting Friday, March 18, at 4 p. m in the Debris office. Be prompt. SIEBENTHAL.
Glider Club; Work session in the attic of the ME Building at 1:30 each day through Friday, March 18. —MOORE. WAA Social Committee: Meet in the Union lobby at 4 p. m. Friday, March 18. —DANIEL.
Union Workers: Our committees will meet in the Union workshop Friday, March 18. at 4 p. m —MILLHOLLAND, CABONARGI.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting in >oom C of the Union at 7 p. m., Friday March 18. —CARECCIOLO.
CE 21 Condition Examinations: An examination will be given in room 301, Civil Engineering Building on Saturday, March 19 from 1 to 4 p. m Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
Silver Mask; There will be a meeting in the fencing room of the Fieldhouse at 4 :30 p. m , Friday, March 18. —LACEY.
Freshmen Fencers: All freshmen who intend to compete in the freshman tournament must sign up in the fencing office Thursday, or Friday, between 4 p. m. and 5 :30 p m An explanation of rules, pertinent to the tournament, will be given Friday, March 18 at 4 :30 p m. Be present (3-18) —MATTHEWS
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting at 7 p. m., Wednesday, March 23, in room C of the Union —COX.
WAA Class Basketball; Class squads will bo as follows : Freshmen—J Horn, B. Bieseckler, C. Himes, E. Heetei, R. Bryant, L. Gabler, B. Morehouse, M. L Riley, B. Beaudy, J. Sishleigh, M McKnight. Sophomore—K Mounce, mgr , G. Walker, J Bodem, J Morris, I. Wolff, M. Mather, I Weishaar, I Cooke. Juniors—R Vandiver, mgr, V Blank, E. Maier, G Knollman, I. Davison, A. Harrington, P. Swick, K. Meriitt, J. Shaffer. Seniors— M Jenkins, mgr., S. Doyle, E
Penny Carnival: Booths can be put up starting at 3:30 p. m. Friday, March 18. Must be up at 6 :45 p. m. —TUBBS Scriveners: There will be a meeting at 7 :30 p. m., Sunday, March 20, at 326 Chauncey Bring manuscripts —FELDMAN.
PIA Orchestra: Practice will be held Saturday, Maich 19, at 7 p. m„ in the tower room of the Union. —SHINN.
PSA: Executive committee meeting on Friday, March 18, at 7 p. m in the west end of the main lounge of the Union Building Officers and committee chairmen are urged to be piesent —MIRKIN.
Bern gets the Nod in the April issue of Esquire ’HHO ui> features Ecru in
Again with Arrow we are way out front in presenting this important new shirting color for Spring. Arrow stylists, like their British contemporaries, use it as a background color to give subtle accent to a series of woven pencil stripe checks. Triotone Checks are Sanforized Shrunk— your unqualified guarantee against shrinking —and Mitoga tailored-to-fit your figure.
Sh oIm our TrhHm Cravats that Arrow tMdtsigfwd..$L.50