VOliUMii XLVtil ^asas^asass^B^sss^ Amelia Back; Confidence Cnsliakent ^Editor’s Note; Throusfli the generOBitjr. ol fittea Amelia Earhhirt aad tte co-o^a^n of the New: York Herald-lWbBiie*; the.»»■: ponent 10 able to hrlilg: you eaccltewo daily accoiinte of the 27,000 mile flight atoimd: the world which Mias'Narhart is^ makliw in the Purdue “Eijdiur laboratory plane). ^ AmeUa^;^ tiuEbaiik, Calif., Mar. 25.—(Special)—This morning I completed my fourth voyage between Hawaii and the mainland^two by air;,and two by boat. This last return by the steamer Malol was hot my intention when I took off a week ago; The accident which ended the present flight was a high price to pay, but already in retrospect it seems as if the knowledge gained on the way were almost worth the cost. I mean in such things as better arrangements of navigating facilities and radio. Has the accident shaken your'confidence? That question has been asked me several times today. The answer is very clear in my mind. Nothing has happened to change my attitude toward the original project. Instead, I feel better about the ship itself than I ever have. And I am more eager than ever to fly it again. As to loads, the perfoi^ance data show that hereafter I need not take quite so much gasoline on these long Pacific hops. This, coupled with a smaller crew, means fewer pounds to carry. Not until the crippled plane, is brought back to the Lockheed plant here at Burbank, will I know the true extent of her injuries or the time required to cure them. And, also, the costs, unfortunately the latter must play a very, important part in any plans for the future. . If all goes well, I hope the plane may; be reconditioned in from 'SO to 60 days. Then, if I feel as I now do, the flight will st^rf all ovef again and ill essay my tliird crossing to Honolulu. - (Gopyright 1937, New York Tribune Inc.)
New Officers Installed At WAA pinner Members of the Women’s Athletic Associatidn and other co-eds attended the annual Sports Spread, held last night, in the honxe economics cafeteria. New officers were installed and the outgoing ones commended. A burlesque of faculty and WAA members by the freshmen opened the program. The old and new councils were introduced'bj^ Hefty Arnold and Margaret Jones. Miss Arnold reyiewed eyents of the last year, citing Play Hay, the .organization of Triton .. Club, and the addition of bowling and badminton to the game program as high ispots. ' The newly installed officers were; Mary Ellen Delaplane, president; Jeanhette Schaefer, vice-president; Elizrabeth Maief, treasurers erine, Merritt, secretary; Louise Harry president of “Orchesis;’*'Ann Culoit, secretary-treasuref of “brohesis;” and the heads of the yarious sports. “P” monograms, the highest women’s sports award> were presented to Margaret Ritchey, Dorothy Cook, and June Rose Piper, thereby making them naeinbers of “Sportswomen,” WAA hohorary so,;ciety..,- ■
Wi Epsiloii ■ Si^a Phi Epsilon announces the initiation of the folloWihg studeiits: J. M' llmmSon, E. Chicago; J. W. Markham/liO-msyille, Ky.) R. G, McNeih Gam^i . E- M. , Antonini^ Mitchell; Ci W. Gardner IlL; and j, J,/V^rst, 3^^
EXPpNENT J^AHP
All ejected officers of theTbtpooent are expected t9, attend a board meeting Friday afternoon, March 26, at 5 o'clock in the Afrieultural Experiment Station.'j
Dr. Ralph Girard Gives Last Ms^ital Lecture ‘-hMarriage./Fh'dmr'A'- Man’s/View^pint’’ was the subject Of a talk by Hr. Ralph Girard, of Chicago; last night 8 b’Clh<^ in the woman’s lounge of the Union Building. : About 7h Womenattended the lecture, This was the fpuith and last of ,the maritai, lectures spohspred by the W. S. G. A. for sOhior wpm-
rove Gonstitution For Senate ApP™''C'1 of a revised constitution, for the Student Senate was given by that organization at a session in the Memorial Union Building yesterday afternoon. After another reading of the document at a meeting following spring vacation, the Senate will vote upon its adoption. Revised by Dan Royhans, who entered the Senate last fall,' with the aid of Prof. Robert, Phillips, of the University history, government, and economics department, the proposed constitution contains clauses for the abolition of the old Purdue Student Federation, of the, inactive Activities Council; and of the Executive Board. . Compulsory Attendance The new constitution provides for compulsory attendance of all meetings by the Senators rmder penalty of expulsion, and gives onethird of the members of the organization power to call meetings. President Glen Martin appointed Jim Esterline, Don Parquahafson, Jim Townsend, and Dwight Wait to represent the Senate at the nationwide strike .against war to be held in April. X ‘
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are from noon. March 26 to noon March 27 and April 6. These days repiresent the 24hour periods before and after! the Spring; Recess. M. L. PISHEH. Dean of Men.
lafa^t^e, iMDiANAi Friday; MAR^ 26; im
Ra,Re9Ri9Ro,
Naughty Seven,^ Bopm^
According to “Doc” the class of ’07 had plenty of pep in its day and
still has plenty of it.
“Back in the good old days,”
“Ddc’-’ recalls, X'we had what was known as a tank scraps The idea was to Paint your class numerals on top of the water tahk and keep them lip there until sunrise. The fight wa s between the freshmen and sophomore
classess”
In those days applied mechanics was/a 3semester study course , ending in the middle of the senior year. The seniors -staged a dramatic and colorful burial - service for ‘Mr. M. E. Ghanix’
at the completion of the course. After solemn sermons Were preached over the body of “M.' E. Chanixj” it Was taken to iStuart Field and burned as the seniors shouted a doleful dirge of “Go Mechafiix,” The enthusiastic class spirit that characterized the boys of ’07 when (Continued on page 4)
“Ra/ Re, Ri; Rd,, Ring, / Chingl Chang! Naiighty Seven, blaughty
Seven, Zis, Boom, Bang!;!”
That is the battle cry of the class
of ’07 which ,will get together here in June' from the far: corners- d!f thd continent for its thirty-year
reunion. •
“poc” Anderson,, Ideal business na a n who, was presir dent of t h d class of ’07, is bubbling o V e r with extra enthusiasm these days. He’s in charge of all of the arrangements for thA
reunion.
“This reunion is going to be a bSg affair,” s a y s “Doc.” “Lots of the boys are coming back. Just
to mention a few . . ! . let’s see. There’ll be Bill Winterrowd from Chicago, Gates and Schaff of New York, A1 Greeson from Memphis, Doc Stone from Detroit, Charlie Tillett from Toronto, Canada, Weber from A’^iziona, and Lawrence from New Orleans. But there will
be lots more.”
Victorious members of the ’07 tank scrap gang are proud of |his picture. It shows their class numerals boldly painted atop the water tank as the sun comes up over the eastern edge of the campus. '
Steer Elected To Sigma ” Xi, Scientific Honorary Dr. M. D. Steer,' Director of the Purdue Speech Clinic, has been recently elected to full membership of Sigma Xi, national honorary scientific research organization^ by the University of loWa chapter. Previously Dr. Steer was an associate member of this organization. Qualifications for full membership to this society are the demonstration of outstanding scientific ability and research. One of the main factors responsible for his election to membership is his detailed research on stuttering. Dr. Steer will be initiated in the near future.
^Revue de Chic, ’ Co-ed Bid Dance Set For April 9 X Revue de Chic, a co-ed Md dance, will be held Friday, April 9, in the Memorial Union Building, Dick Cishe and his Uniyer^ty of Illinois bandwill furnish the music for the dance, which wilf also feature 8 style show and a cabaret dance! Tickets for the dance,, which will lastfroin 9 till 12 p. m.,will be priced at $1.50, tind can be purchased starting Apjdl 4 at the West Desk in the Memorial Union Building.
To Last From 10-4 A.M.
' Dancmg lor the Junior Fromenade will start at TO p. ni. and gonlinue until 4 a. tti., according to an announcement made last night by T. W. Graham, chairman oT the cpnir mittee- ;/'/:■ ' The 4 o’clock ybour arrangement was approved by Dean Dorothy G. Stratton and Dean M. L. Fisher aft-
PROM TICKETS All juniors and seniors who have a receipt from the cashier’s office for Prom ticket payments will receive tickets to the dance. As there was ho excess of applications, a realletment of tickets ^asi deemed unnecessary.,'
ef the Prom committee submitted statistics concerning the ppreentage of imports for the dance, A decoration plan incorporating a' waterfall scene behind the brchestra, has been selected by the committee ana construction is well under way, Graham stated. The decoration idea was submitted by Jack Scatterday, vice-president of the Student Uniom
SophGhEWlll Make Ghicago Plant Tour Sophomore chemical engineers will make an inspection trip of severai chehiical plants in Chicago and vicinity from Monday until Wednesday of nejrt week. , Plants to be visited on the trip in chide the Sherwin Williams Paint Gompany, the Corn Products Refining Company, Swift & Company, the International Bmelter Company, the United States Lead Company; the Grasselli Chemical Company, and the Atlas Cement Company. Two Groups The trip will be made on bus by two separate groups, one group leaving on Saturday noon, andi tfab other on the following day at 10:30 a.-m., ' ,
Theater BiU Awaits Action Of Trustees Action upon a recoittwietidatnw that $10,000 to $15,000 be spent toward rebuilding Eliza Fpwl^ Halt into a student theater will be tak^ by the University Board odf Trustees within the next week, Presiffent E. C. Elliott stated yeStearday. President Elliott announced that the $75,000 necessary for a complete rembdeling of Fowler Blall into a plhyhouse cannot foe sjient by the tlniversity how, but that the reconstruction may be provided for in the biennial* budget two years
from now.
If the trustees act favorably on the present recommendation, tbe money will be spent in buOdihg a hew stage and in treating: the bmtdihg accoustically.
^ Si.'. iixX
Editor’s Note: F. E. Lister, M. E. ’07, compiled the following historv of The Pardue Exponent : at the request of the present staff. Lister was Nditor-in-Chi^ in 1007. By F. E. Lister On December 15,1889, THE PURDUE EXPONENT, Vol. 1, opened its eyes as a twenty-five page monthly publication with Miss A. Eugenie Vater,V ’91, as Editor-in-Chief. In the Pall of /1895 the paper became,, a semi-monthly, but two years later it reverted to a mohthly. The staff of 1899-1900, of which William M. Crockett, ’00, was Edi-tor-ih-Chief, changed the paper to -a weekly. In this form it remained through Voll 17, the final issue of which appeared on May 31, 190^ On October 6 pf that year the first issue of the Daily, Vol. 18, came out as a five-column, four-page newspaper, with P. E. Lister, ’07, as Edi-tor-ih-Chief' ■■ ■Bluff!:';' Although Lister had been bn the staff during' his sophouxore and junr ior years he undoubtedly would have admitted that' he knew pothing about heading up a daily newspaper. The late R. W. Rusterhol?, ’0^ was Btisiness Manager of Vol. 15 and for'a time of Vol. 16, becoming Mtqr-ixv-Chief of: Vol, 17. The ‘‘Daily” idi^ came up feb (discussion during these two yeabb and we have it bn; unquestioned autbprity that “Rubty'’ and “Sid” put it up to the hew editor . tb ff®^ but; a daily newspaper, VoTlSi! Evidently that was a sufficient urgb-—it hiay have been a bluff-rhut at any aveht, it hrbiked. Flash-Ih/riiciiPanif During the first week of the daily, it was estimated that about nipety p^r cent pjf the faculty and of the student body were laughing at the staff, confident that it was only a, ‘'flash in the pan.” The writer has not seeh a copy pf the paper for several yehre, but undai^stands that it has been; the^^'daily flash’’ f^
past thirty years. Here is a little quotatiOn'from the editprial column of the issue of November 2, 1906: “We were rather surprised to he told that it was noised about the University that the pa,per would not see its tenth issue. The Daily Exponent is started on a life as long as that of the University itself .’’Often things get started which cannot be stopped. ' During the last week of August,■ 1907, the editor a.rrived in Lafayette to arrange his schedule for what turned out to foe his major senior year subject, “Daily Exponent.” (and “Steam Engines and Boilers” Young had him flunked in fhemio at the en4 of the year. ‘'Too, mUch Exponent; too little thermo.”); Another Bluff Some Lafayette printer had to print, it. The bids Were top high. The only way we finally succeeded in having the Burt-Terry-Wilson Company cbme_ down tP ohe hundbed dollars per six;-issue week was to put a thPrbugh-going practical printer and long-tinie“editorrn»ak-er" of Exppnerits on a Big Four trai’nf or Chicago to purchase equipment; fpb “The Publishing Company.” Of course, it whs a bluff, hut smee we hud hew^ hluffed-intp making the dail^g news!rpaper, someone had ip he bluffed into printing it. One hundred and eighty dollars per week was the best bid We had gotten. ’' No Money ; The nekt kink WUS' in the fact that; the inan Who had beisn elected Bush ness Managey yrtr(8dTii (hut he h^^ resigned. The late Dr. T. F. Moran, of the faculty committee, agreed to the suggestion that the editor app<hht Anew man for the job. A Wire was sent to A. A. Rieth, '07, at Gfoshen; iplUng hiih/l^
to Lafayette as he was Business Manager of the Daily Exponent. Rieth arrived the next day and about the first question he put was “How much money is there in the ca^h drawer ?”- “Not a cent. If we had any money we would nbt, need a Business Manager.” It was tfoen explained that we had given a contract tor the B-T-W CompaPy for the printing job, a tPtal of $3,400 and that about $600 more might he needed for cuts, general expenses; etc.; a little total of $A000 for him' to dig up. Rieth’s answer was that he would take the job. “Why; R.ieth, you already have the jpb;” The editor never gave the businpss end another thought during the year. Writing Staff Organization of the writing staff was then taken up. P. T. Spwden, ’07, was appointed Associate Editor. Three separate and independent issue staffs were planned, each to handle two issues per week, alternating; These staffs became com-’ petitbrs, which was the original intention, hut the, editor often was conipelled to force publicatiph. of a stpry while it was news, rather than have it held fbr '*my issue.” r Mbdie Motes;// / We also/Urranged fob a hiedical staff at Indiahapolis, mth Miss Ada E, Sweitzer ;;as editor; three assist-; ants and a business nxanager. These represented the Medical College of Indiana and the Fort Wajme Medioal College which had “joined hands 'and were annekbd to Pptdue Hniyersity;” Medic NPtea regularly ap-, peared ip fhe papier.^ /■'/ Npst'Egg; /! :'!'!'■ /!,v!^! ; A® the organization; shaped np; a place to “sit down” became neces-' sary. Dr. Thompsph, whose office pccupied the lower floob of a besi deuce at 224 Mortfo' Fffth street,!
very kindly agreed to provide two; rooms on the second floor of the building, Such desks and tables as were necessary were purchased, personally, by members of the staff. Nothing could be pried loosp from Rieth at \that early stage pf the game, but he evidently—by the end of the y ear---had not only dug up the necessary $4,000 to operate the paper, but he had; sufficient funds! on hand to buy back the furniture and also tP turn over some $500 to Dr; Moran as a nesb egg for the following year. There was ho cut ahibng the mehibers of tfoe btaff at the ehd of that year. Professional Adverfising R. M. Gates, ’07, had a brother attending s(Bhool/in Lafayette. Boh hit the editor for an Exponent carrier job for his hrother. Rieth took him on and he was the first of five salaried carriers Pn the paper, being paid ;the hame rate as carriers on the'other Lafayette dailies. Investigation of the records shows that the Business Manager also emplpyedi a “professibnal advertising man.” The writer does hot rememher any such, hut as he imewhbthihg of the^ h^ nesp end of the paper, it is probably a fact. i As the writier nnderstands from Doc AndebsPn, president (pf the 19Q7 class, who is organizing forfhe 30th Reunion ih June, this stob^ is for a sort of 1907 issue pf thApape^^^ are the hameS of pther meiEhers pf 1907 who were Pn bhe staff/of thp paper: Bertha lAtta, L; H,/Lipi^ sky (now lai^n), 0/ R. Mpore>;R. F. Trumbull, M ahd P. Regan. The last hhr(Se issues hf 18 were printed on goldenbod during the Gala Week ©elebiAtion oif that year, and staffed entirely by members of the 1907 Class.
Th Lectiire Today At 4,8 Hr. Otto Glasser, X-Kiy physicist of the Cleveland Clinic and author of the book, “The Life Of Roehtgien,*' ^eak toniglA at 4 c»%lo(cA ^d again at 8 o’clock in thp lecture room pf th(e Physics Budding Us a guest of Sigma Pi Sighm^ honorary physics society, and the University d^artment of plysics. The lecture at 4 o’clock will be a technical talk of “New: Progress In The Dosimetry Of X-l^y^ in-/ Ib^ded especially for students and doi^drs specializing in the fiefoi bff X-rays, while the one at 8 o^(pck will be an entertaining taik onb'^e Life Of Roentgen And The EAHy History Of X-Rays” illustrated by Slides.:/'.;/".:! Though the lectures are /open to anyone, the plysics departm^ esp-' tends special invitation to all in the medical; profession. :'-/-;■'■■■’■ /' yyy---Marshall, Creek Discuss Vocations Prof. W. Marshall, hmid of the mathematics dbPhrtment/ and HA H. L. C^eek,. h(ead of the /EngKafo depaitmeht, (discusked the Q(ceupa--tions open to the student^^ txauiCd in mkthematics or English, at a yocatiohal meeting, design(^ prinmrily!fori J^shm^ sriiAace/stiri dents, held at Stanley CMidtcr HbII yesterday. Prpf; Marshall told of the bpehings Yor the mathematician in the teachii^,: staiistical, aud wc(rA/while Dr. Creek .showed that Peenpations in teaching, diaribA^h^ dio, jpuriialism; and; advertAnagr^ were available to the English specialist. Prof. C. L. Morgan, of the ediM»ti<m department presi^ d^ ing the addresses.
ikSs
Mil
H. Pope, CE ’30, Quits ^ Post As City Manager A recent issue of the Grand Rmpiids Press carries a photograph of Hi;«A Ftpe, Of B. ’$0, and !a, /R item concerning his resignation as City Manager of Rockford, Mich., to take a similar position at Huntington Woods, Mich. Pope has made au^enviahle repu-. tation at Rockford as evidenced by , the following quotation J&rom this. article. “Rockford citizens regret his leavi]^, so efficiently has he per- ■ formed in his position—Busme^ /
, with the issue of March 26, andW^t $tttbtte exponent
If'
^11
!l
'It'
Vt^:.
ffii/
Wt-
I'w-'
M iMMWO' 9iim mtWr «t Um 'peat atflMt IwfioraMik pwirawi Mhand ler Mntar.^«U*'9ot pwtra iflM hy > alattoadjif. t aanto.
iMti
OFncK-«» Mordi FifOt StMtt
MHartal PMt MtT
Daily Stedtent PaMicatiop of PaiJne UnivcinBity
■bnrORIAL BOAKD OF CONTBOL B. 3. BoIm, ehairauui; Halen Cree^ B. Moi*i^ !•• D. Wood.
ENTOBIAL STAFF —Jt B.-]imrrls
AiMetete Bdtton..—JC. A. BanMtte^ J. B. Brock. A.JB. Fmn^, 1L P, ^ •ndMaSara AMictaiate. W. M. Anthrmy. D. A, Bafl^ J. ^ Chapin.JR —L.aHa*dta,aD. Sdm»eder.H.LStenbaak,D.R VM^ X. H. KcUosk. K. X. (PNaU Bold and Black Editor —— —— 3. 0. Oharer
BD81NBB8 STAFF « , . . - ...R, J. Hnlse
- — - n. C. IHUar
Advertising Assistants
.„..„.W. J. GiUilan. B. E. Henalor, B. C. Efeves .1 J. P. Ohrard
Circulation Assistants..
P. C. Robbins, F, T. Swain
8POKT8 STAFF t Wood
ASMsiate Editon.
W. B. Fift^ & R. Oriffitha, B. F. Obenebsin
■
WDIOBrS STAFF JBidmi Cicadi
Acaoeinte Editors^ AdnstMag Managar ^—
Jeanw Jsnonsd^ D^ MeCsrtecy, Mbtabeto Pyke - Batty Barnatft
Issae Editor—£. H. Kellogg'
Passing The Torch
For the past several weeks the Exponent has been running a series of editorials on freshman paddling and hell week. Such articles and editorials will also be presented in the future as we try to show that such fraternity activities belong to the past and may well be superceded by more practical and less repulsive methods. Such an editorial policy could be maintained for years with no lessening of these activities. In fact, freshman hazing has been a fertile source of editorials in all college papers for a great number of years. It is our opinion that such action must, and should, come from within the organizations themselves and that it behooves this year’s class of freshmen to align themselves solidly with this idea. You who are newly initiated freshmen are, at this time, quite aware of what hell week and the paddle means to the man who is being hazed. It is up to you to bring about a more enlightened view-point. We can’t hope that these changes are to come in so short a space of time, but we do hope that all fraternities will adopt a more beneficial program in this respect. Most organizations are in no position to judge the effects of a change in the old-time methods because they have never had the opportunity to'judge the merits of such a change. Any fairminded person will recognize that no issue, be it campus or national, should be condemned without some sort of accurat€| data at hand. Therefore, we urge that all fraternities who have not made t^e change at least try a substitute plan, be it their own or one used by someone else, and attempt to ascertain its merits as compared with the old system.
Ho Htiin.!! I. , While yoiiir i^itor hitcheS'iiip his belt^ KIM takes dWr the reigns . . , again . . another Ho, Hum...
DEDIGATED TO THE WEARERS OP mE LIAR . . . This colyum today goes shovelin and advisin arid stuf . ’. , after a unanimous vote to cut put this piri Snatchin an dirt dealin an other matters of nO consequeririe, the AL PHA GHI “YES?’ gals declared a holiday and are at it agairi i ’; . in force ... their new PAWN AN GOSSIP shop says that KENNY PORSELL’S theta CHI pin is worth at least three bucks arid a half while KENNY offers three and no more . . . THELMA HAMLIN gets the profit outa that . , .
Student Theater Prognosis
Shadows of manifold benefits to the University, to its students, and to drapiatics are discerned as possibilities of remodeling Eliza Fowler Hall into ^a student theater development. Since there is no professional theater in Lafayette or West Lafayette, it is not unlikely that such a student playhouse would fill a need in the community as well as in undergraduate life. Establishing a central theater for all student productions will promote cooperation between the different campus dramatic organizations and consequently effect a better program of productions. An unusually fine collection of permanent equipment could be built up in a few years through the levying of assessments on each group that would use the theater; this, together with increased interest in dramatice resulting from the new theater, would enable the productiori of plays more worthy of presentation by an educational institution of Purdue’s reputation and with higher standards of artistic production and student acting. An Eliza Fowler Hall student theater might lead to the formation of “University Theater” organization which would . guide and promote the activity of all dramatic groups on the campus. This set-up would allow for a diversified program of theatrical performances and furnish possibilities of greater undertakings and more elaborate productions. In addition to giving each member of the plays training and exjlJrience which he might use to greater advantage in later years, a student theater on the campus would supply a dramatic and cultural background—so sadly lacking in many University firraduates—^for the younger generation. Productions could be staged in a rebuilt Eliza Fowler Hall at a cost of twenty-five or thirty cents to each purchaser of a seasop ticket, and when University students can see popular plays at the price of a movie and not have to pay an extra dime for carfare, there should not be too much difficulty in packing the house; A urtiversity theater works to increase the activities of undergraduate life and to quicken the interest of students in the institution and its organization. The greater the activity bn the part of students in a university the greater the loyalty and interest of the students for their alma mater. Since one of the outstanding merits of a student theater is the creation of interest in the university on the part of the undergraduates and also of the townspeople, the dramatics should be housed on the campus is possible.—R. P. M.
Tomorrow’s Purdue
“A woman’s work is never done”—and neither is Purd\je’s. An addition to the library, an addition to the Memorial Union Building, a Residence Hall for Women completed and another one nearly finished, heat and water tunnels to Cary Halls, a pavement behind Michael Golden Shops, a nsw Executive Building, hbusing projects, airport runways—all have been completed within the short space of a few years. Purdue is building a new Field House. Soon it will be completed, but Purdue’s plians, Purdue’s work will hot be ; done. Thousands of dollars will be spent on ittiprovements on a new Cheniical Engineering Building will be constructed along with new Horticulture and Physics Buildings; and other similarly ambitious plans will be executed. Other campuses are static; construction is rare and relative^ ly unambitious; but Purdue is always bhilding, always build- , ing, always growing so that it may more ably Serve the needs of its thousands of students. A modem and enlightened administration and an actively interested and progressive board of trustees is responsible for what Purdue is no^. They are also responsible for what Purdue will be tomorrow, an even ^ . greater University than she is today.-^, E. B.
THEY SAY ... those gals over oil the corner of SIXTH and UNIVERSITY streets havi to do sumthin to get their man and aftei* they get him and acquire the habit they then leave him holding the bag ... my grandma always warned me about those gals . . .
MINOR DIRT and things . . . the BETA^s are at it again . . . WALT SHEALOR squeezes a dime store diamond on the finger of MARTIE GILLESPIE an chalks up a joker on the castle walls ... the sum total . three ... or is it four? ...
HELP . . HELP . . ASSISTANCE This colyurii is gettin verse ... . The kiss off the lip of a coffee cup Beats neckin’ a dame by a mile, Or a drag on a fag when my spirits is lag, Has the edge on a fair female’s smile. , So give me my cup and my cigarettes, And take my share of the frills, I’ll stick to caffein and nicotine, And grin while you pay the bills. . —|dE,2. ■
JAYNE BENNEWITZ is holding up her own now days . . . she fell down the S. A. E. steps last Saturday . . . says she, “I was getting my wraps” . . . says she ....
RUMOR has it that there’s to be a new sorority round these parts . . . I’m here to tell ya “THANK GOODNESS” . . . DELTA GAMMA, has decided that PURDUE would be a likely spot for a new juvel an so the plans progress . . . they’ve got it down on paper . . . I think , . .
D. U. GODFREY has been trying for weeks to get a date with DEBRIS BEAUTY GRAHAM . . . no luck, tough luck an stuf . . , she’s dated up before and after SPRING VACATION (KiM sayS, some gal) . . .in order to simplify things, he’s coming back WEDNESDAY of vacation and try again ... success goes to him who tries and-tries an tries ... I '
VACATION TIME . . . back t’home time . . . and other sundries . . . no paper tomorrow and no classes next week so . .. make HAY WHILE THE SUN SHINEJS . . . or sumtin.
MARS—WHO—MARS The winnah! . . . or wiimahs . . . . DON TERRIO, BETTY MOORE, and: BILL STEVENS all get passes from yesterday’s contest . , , get ’em at the Union Desk piple‘. . . you earned ’em . . .
ROTC Inspectioil Set For May 13,14
Annual inspection of the Fifth Corps Area, of which the University R. p. T. C, Brigade ie ri part, will be held Thursday and Friday, May 13 and 14, accordinSg to an announcement made last night by the University Military department, A hariquet will be held Thursday evening in honor of the inspecting officers, who heye. not yet been announced, ■
By adding carawriy seed to Limburger cheese, scientists of the dairy division of the University of California are removing^ to some extent this cheese’s strongest qua!
When n University of Minnesota male was being intyrviewed to, determine the type of ■woman, blonde or brunette, he preferred, he said: “I like ’em all, but they cim?t be bald-headed.”" ' ■ '".y'v'Vv"*
, “Foursortie” pocket dresses, with decorative pateh or set-iri pickets will be seen alorig with built rip; hor diees, bolero dresses, and reddirig? otes. “Dressmakiei‘ suits;” SQ-^called because pf dressmaker details; are expected to come to the fore. The most interesting and smartest Of these will be seen in at leaist three colors,
Some of the new materials that will be used are nun's veiling, sheer wools, sergC) and whipcord. For beach wear there will be the denim slacks with big silver buttons and flambrioyant Mexican print blouses.
Accessories take on a new and iriteresting aspect with large bright colored flowers on everything, fussy veils, fishnet bags, large brimmed hats, and braided belts that are reminiscent of the old West.
Ags To Leave
The thing to remember in choosing an Easter outfit is that eVery color scherr.e demands an accent, either in the outfit or by the person wearing it. Also, remember to subordinate your clothes to your personality.
Healey Talks On Disease
Dr. Claire E. Healey, assistant medical advisor and consultant for co-ed students, addressed the freshman hygiene class yesterday morning on Disease Control. Dr, Healey emphasized progress the medical profession has made in the last 50 years, in which the average expected Ufe-span has grown from 25-30 years to more than 40 years. She attributed this increase to the discovery and use of vaccines and anti-toxins n_ow available to the general public. New Serum Tt is wise,” Dr.: Healey said, “to check up now and theri on your immunity to. the more cornmon com^ municable diseases. The Student Health Service now has serum for the Dick test to determine immunity to scarlet fever.” Dr. Healey is the first of several speakers to lecture to the freshman hygiene classes this semester.
Home £c Authority Addresses Freshinen Survey Oass On Flour
Mrs. Clara G. Snydpr, head of home economics at the Wheat Flour Institute of Chicago, lectured Wedf nesday to the freshmen survey class and Dean Mary Matthews’ senior lemonsliation class. In the afternoon, Mrs. Snyder gave a demonstration of the uses of soft and hard wheat flours before students and townspeople. She also gavo talks here during the agricultural conference in January.
LUMA
TODAY—SATURDAY
THE FIRST INTRIGUECOMEDY TO I SPY ON XGVE!
Agricultural juniors in the dairy manufacturing optiori will leave Sunday, April 28. for an inspection trip of dairy manufacturing plants in Chicago and Gary. They will visit the Clover Leaf Dairy in aGry on Sunday afternoori, and from there will proceed on to Chicago where, they will remain until late Tuesday afternoon, returning here that evening. Plants to be visited in Chicago include the Bovvman Milk plant, the Hydrox Ice Cream Co,, the De Laval Separator Company, and several other plants. Prof. E. H, Parfitt of the Dairy Husbandry department will be in charge of the trip. The students who will make the trip are: F. S, Amsler, E. G. Wright, R. B. Clark, R. B. Glymer, Claude
TODAV^ATXJRDAY 2 FIRST RUN HITS
Dick Foran
‘Land Beyond the Law’ —and— Paul Kelly
“Parole Racket’
TODAY
8ATDBDAY
HdOTGiBSQN
M ARGOT GRAHAM to/'- •, :::“NioiBrrlw^TmE^s’’' “DARKBSt AFRICA”
In
Harper Jr., K. Freese, D. W. Par-; con, John E. Phillips, J. D. MacGil-' livray, J. C; Flake, A- A. Siebenthal, M. UnderWpod, W, V. Weidig, and T. W. Graham,
Students at Mt. Holyoke College eat more than 1,200 loaves of bread and 5,200 rolls in one week, says Raymond Sriiith, college baker.
TODAY—SATURDAY
HER LOVER TRIED TG BO STRAIGHT-
STRAIGHT T O RtS;
' wMfi'' ISYlVlASiDNir HENRY FdNDA BAirnm MiKtAN^ WARREN HYMEff
TODAY - SAlTUBDAT First Lafayette Showinar
from Hio btort of NorthwoodsI;. .wilh Your Fovorn* Outdoor Sfari
iMiUi ■ ] BEATRIX PLUS SECOND Feature He’s the Hottest Thing on Iciri! Kins of America’s fastefri, rdnehest, tooKhest Sport . , . that’s 'Gabby’ Dnaraii! The boys knew be^was s chainp in hockey . . • but the srirls l^ew he Was a ehnmii* iil
■i'X' i
W-C'Purdtie's baseball squad, slat6d ,to leave hete this afternoon on a spriilgr training tfip to Louisiana, has been causing' poach “Dutch’^ iPehring some ansciety as to its hit- ’ ting strength hnd'the g^bnity of the tyro veteran hUrl^srs to work with the outfit. Both pitchers have been set back by illness and injurieSithat piay impair their action on the rub- ; ::'b6r, \; ^The Boilermakers will- start -the , ball roping in their southern tour by first tackling Centenary at Shreveport, . La., on /Mondai^ and Tuesday and then continuing their, activities at Ruston, La., with a four game schedule ..against-Louisiana Tech, which will extend through i' next Saturday. ■ ’Pitching Heros A:ldhg with Eehring, as he prO'^ pares to head into the South, will be Carmen Hill, of Indianapolis, the , pitchingvhero of innumerahte m^pr iehgue wars who will giye the Boilermaker pitching staff Some ihtensiye instruction during the jaunt. , ^ reached his ^greatest fame during' his years with Pittsburgh, in the Indianaphipi league last summer as a member of the, local nine, ahd through ' the friendship ;developed as, battery mates persuaded the former major league star to take a week off and make the spring vacatioP trip with thei Boilermaker diamond hopefuls. Scanning an inventory of ...the
Rent u Car for the Eyeing ROGER’S GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
DANCE RECITAL • by Pupils of the ; ^ Allen School of pancing Tues., March 30, 8:00 p. m. SocM DMcing Follows
Adm. 25c Children’s Classes Ojpen Saturday, April 3rd
AUeh' $ 6th and Ferry
squad ps it stapds to date, the pi^iching staff seems to be the mofet doubtful,quantity on the slate. Glen Dowttey,' dependable right-handerj and co-captain' “Lefty” Martin, a clever southpaw, are the two senior yeterPhs'iviprhd,. 'makp;''the;;tstrahg;fh-
make
of the .team^uhpremctabie. D is still sUflPring frPin the shoulder injury that ihp reCeiyed in ;basket^ bail> while Martin ,<mly roaently pecQVjered fropi ah, attack Of scaHef fe^^er,i and whether they can get into; condition still remains to be
Seen.
V 'Other veterans who will probably bear the brunt of the attack during the early part of the season include Bob Rpsser, Gerald Bartz, and, Carroi Mangas" Outstanding in the spphompre - ranks are Arnold Bredewatery Whosa twin brother is a catohing prospect, Joe Doan, Stuart Heiss, aud Ed Korty.'
Other Prospects Other men urho give promise of displaying some real ball hawking ability this season are Harry KraUs who heads the catching staff, co captain Robert Lucas, John Sines, and Joseph iyaiing. These men are all veteran lettermen and the Ihst three are being pressed for their positions by some of the other aspirants for team places. Other basketball men who turn to this sport after they have finished their cage activities are Jew ell Young and Pat Maiaska, whp are eyeing the outfield berths with a longing look along with Chuck Armbii and Willard,'Mitchell. ,
ilecord Iowa Delegation To Accompany Gridders To Madison Next Fall
;. when Iowa invades Madison next fail for its fpptball game with the tjriiversity of: Wisconsin, October 16, a record delegation will accompany the Hawkeye team. It will be headad by the Iowa band of 120 pieces, the drum' and bugle corps of 60 mehibers, including a bagpipe unit of six kilted Scotchineh, the crap^ Pprshing Rifles and Ponton iers, color bearer, color guards, the cheer lenders^—and Rex III, the Great Dahe mascot, .
NEW CARS DEMAMD NEW REPAIR METHODS
Mpdefnly engiiieered cars with engines and running gea^ designed for new, streathlined designs require nevf repair methods and new tools if adjustments and repairs are tn be ihajde prope^
stand tha new cars work with 'the very latest equiphienL Thgt’s why we can give ydii a q«ifclt» efficient factory job on. all types of adjustments If
your car isn't working prpperiy^^
herie-^^vef^hing we dp ils guaranteed satisfactory apd oni prices are risai^-’ ' able.':v,
WRECKER
6U.1ina AftbSr “ “r TObne 4048
.ByBohWkliwle.
The player rostef for the annual southern basebali training trip, although tentative, includes 22 men .... 12 pi these Are SdphpniofP: iiienii^hers qf the squad... six are juniors and the rest are seniors ... Lefty Martin and Bbb Lucas, cocaptaii/s of this year’s nine will be among the veterans to make the trip . . i there was some douh^ as to whether Lefty woPld make'.thP journey, but he has^ rPcPvered frOm his recfent .scarlet fever illness well enough to pitch . . Of the 12 sophomores on the trip roster, two are catchers, three are pitchers, two hoter in the infield, and five are Putfieldefs .:. .fbqks as though Dutoh Will have plenty of reserve material for his next two sea-
■r--fc-
The.: Bbilermakef spring football round-robin series Will begin shortly after the football clinici scheduled for Apnl 9 and 10 ’ ' -^c—' Approximately 120,000 rounds of 22 ; calibre bullets are fired by the Pnrdue 'pistql team each yeai; . . . Giey fire about 100 days of practice and matches in a five months’ season ... 1,200 founds each afternoon.. • ■.
Chhdidates For Pass AbiKty Test
Indiana University varsity golf team candidates must pass an “ability examination” based on their showing in practice before they may be rated as varsity caliber, according to Prof. Hugh E. Willis, golf pqach. !;,;, . . . V ■. Prof. Willis has devised a field test covering 100 shots with the various clubs from positions on the fairway and green, awarding points for results. Each candidate must make a grade of 50 |o get on the varsity squad.' ‘ ' ,
Teiiiiis Expeiiis V To Play SuridAy^ To those who are spending their
spring vacation in Chicago, the tep nis matches to be held in the Chicago Stadium on Easter night, March 28, should prove worth an evening’s indulgence. , , ; Among those participating will be Bill Tildeni Fred Perry, Elswofth yines,, Vincent Richards, and also George Lott. Singles matches will be'held between Richards and Lott and between TildCn and Perry, whijp the doubles will hold their own when Tilden and Richards mutch up with Perry and Vines. ,
Seniors Hear Dooley Speak
C, R. Dooley, manager of ihdustfial relations for Speohoy-^Vac-uum Oil Company, HAwii^ talked to senipfs and .others interested in sepuririg employ merits oh the subject of “Wh^t 'Tp Expect After GfaduUtion,’! at a. meetipg held ypsteiAay at A p. tniyip^ t^^ Education Building. During his service as persphnel; director fpf the Westing^use Elepfe trie Compahy, the Etundard Oil Company of New Jersey, and the SoconoyrVacuum Oil Company, Mr. Dpoley has/had the, (n>pprldhtty tpi study the progress of college graduates through these plants, AhA; therefore is qualified to advise settr; iprs cpncefnihg employment pfohlems.' ■;
Class 191 A Plait Silt^r Meunmp . : April SO To May 2
Menlbers cf thecl^ss pf; hAve their Quarter Century Rexmion from April 30 to May 2i ' The yersity ip plaiiniriA a jEuU pfpgfam of entertainnjeht including a foptItoll game, haeehall ^aihes^ toack p»eet,a tennis inatch^ = and A gdlf match. s Cofner 8ton® fhe cPrnCr stone of th® new FiAld HbnsA; wip;.he^;iaid; ::at:;^ TThe University plans to have an “open ' house,” during which the shops and labs will be op©n.^.^‘Brick” iMillcr,^ class secretary, is in charge of this entertainment.
On April 9,10 . ;.;-!yi^ith;'Hi!e;;iifidir6iti seasbh. slpAdy^
clpsihg in!dh Aei Spring activities; ip Ihat sport Are beginhihg tb matbfi rAlizb.; ;On; April 9 and 10, Noble kibefpArdue’S football mentor, will hbld the eixth .annual Purdue Footr bAil^lihlc, in 'which coaches arid nbtableA in the high; schpol gfidirbn limelight- pf Indiaria arid surrounding states Will’participate. An;,; entertairiirig -program has been pfepafed by the riiembefs of the UriiVersity^s football coaching staff ; and will begin bn Friday, April 9, with. regAstratipn in the cliriic headquarters, at the Union Building.'■; r\" ‘ * Talks Featured
Following the Orientation of the newcomers to the :Purdue campus, a series of talks, of great value to those present win bb delivered by such; putstanding foptball men as Eliner Burnham of Purdue, Douglas Eerr, coach efHbraee Mann in Gary, Lundy Wayne, pf South Side in Fort Wayne, MaiEdward, of Purdue, and many others, ? - Such subjects as “Backfield Fundamentals,” and “Short Punt Formation Offense,” which are of putstanding importance to all gridiron men, are just a few of the topics to be discussed.
Banquet Scheduled Havirig firiished the opening ceremonies, the men will gather in the Union Building at 6:30 o’clock for the banquet at which Keith Crown* presiderit of Indiana Coaches’ Association, Will act as toastmaster. An address of welcome Will be delivered by Dr. Elliott and A. L. Trester, cominissipnef of I. H. S. A. A., before the regular speakers gef startr, ed. An added attractiori at the dinner will be selected .moving pictures of outstanding coll«lge games of last faih"" Among the notables who Will talk during the banquet will be Dr. G. W. Spears, Well known coach of Toledp U.; Bill Verney, of Notre Dame; and Dr. Thurman B, Rice, chief of the Bureau pf Health and. Physical Education, Indiana State Board of Health. The everiirig’s entertainment will boriae to a close with the Coaches’. Round Table Discussion, and the Officials’ Rpurid Table Dis: cussion. > ; Football Teams Play . After several lectures on timely fpotball topics, Saturday’s progp-am will be brought to a conclusion by a regulation game befweeri two picked Purd^ elevens.iJhis incident promr ises tp be one of the main features of the program: According to the University’s football staff this affair is going to be “a spring football toriic with a real kick in it.” ^
Phi Kappa
Phi Kappa arinoupces the formal initiation of the foljowing men: R. J. Cofee, FPrt Wayne; J. E. Kerwiii, Moline, 111.; p, C. Loskot,'New York, N, Y.; H. O. Mprispn, River Rorest, 111.; C. R, Pandel, Chica^, ill.; L. S. Reed, Fprt Wayne; R. J. Sc^ariski, Franklin; N. ' J.; F. Tabshey, 'Waterbury, Gonn.; M. Weikrirt, Fort Wayne; and J. Wilspri,, Hammond.
HAS EVERYTHING . fora ' COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G^ REISNER
EASTER
LinGolii liodgG
Sat. MARCH 27
Ray Bossart An6 His 16 Piece
Hours 10-2 Adip; rifiO* tAx kiql
One proud boast qf the University of tVii^orisin is that it sponsors three sTofiS wliieh Aito support^ no Other Big boxing, and winter sportsrr-chicfly skiing. The Badgers won their first crew race in 1892 and have had crews ever since. The first Badger boxing team to engage in an intercpllegiB^e riaateh waA 1033 arid since that tiriim, Vlfiscprisitt has lost but tWA matches arid has never been ;heaten at home.
Office Plans lAlPrij^am
Followirig spring vacation, the Intra-murial office is preparing an interesting program to keep the Wards and Fraterriities in pretty thick competition throughout the spring* term. ■ Two TenniB Tournaments A-program featuring terinis, baseball,; horseshoes, and golf is going to keep this campus a melting-pot for athletics. In tennis a singles and doubles tournament with a class “A” and class “B’* should stir quite a, few into trying for, the. trophies that will be awarded. All matches will consist of nine games and the winner mufet be at least two games up on his opponent to win. Two-man teams representing the fraternities will take part iri the horseshoe tojurnament and the twir^ lers Will be kept plenty busy with a lot of good competition on the campus, Golf Aplehty'Expected . Golf should prove the most talked of sport in the entire program since it is necessary for a fraternity to have one-fourth pf its iriembers par-, ticipate if their number runs over thirty. For thpse fraternities who have less thari the above riumhef of members, a' third of the Actives rriust corilpete. There will beiplenty of dirt flying when the boys meet on the University golf courrie, but a winner shall be croWned; in the end. . ■ ■
Entries Expected'iSi’^'vIJ&^P
(htflooks for flie.ixeiinnitft thiSk sehson took on a decidedly rosy da-' pect yesterday aftentoon as 100 adpiraota for the cinder In room 104 of the Atmotf far an ii»trodnetion to the plans for the! vest of the year given by Coach AUmr. Many more men are expected fo come out as the season progresses, as some of the prospects are now out for foothAil and others are tied up with other activities at the present. The noiriber ioturii emt Is Ostl-; mated to exceed that of last ymtr,
which totaled 106.
Pep;TaIk. :X' ■ Coach Allen gave the men a short pep talk stressing the methods Of getting in training and keepirir ori the job. Afterwards slips passed around and everyone designated his choice of event in Which he desired to participate. ’ ; Some of these freshmeh .have been keeping in training all year and started out by going out for cross country. Coach “Oirv” MartiA, varsity track mentor, said that several of the promising cross country candidates who will probably show up^weU in track are Gardener, Bun-
ger, and Fuller.,
"•'s'.
Thieves at the University of Texas are playful. After a mi0mght swipo of $8, one isft a note wl^h read, “'Thanks for the eight bucks. Will return later,” Sijgned “Iiria Robber.” . . /
BASEBALL MANAGERS
Fraternity and Ward managers are asked to return entry blanks for baseball to the In-tra-nuiral office today.
THe Risk Deiital Clinic
DK PAui. A. un IML HAiBMNUO Jt UBE oi. BOBKBT 6. USE DB. liUTUEB A. BIBE
ftM^SehnUa Bldflri Phoiie 5701
"'Pardon my Ghortles^ rna; but ydd're riot tel | ing rne a thirtg. Eyetyb6dy kho\\^ place to eat is i n the Mb Ion."
If takes no crystal ball t6 tell you that the Union Cffeteria serves good food. You need no clairvoyant to tell you whArA fdods taste bef servcKj ■'faster."
a'fiSPi
iii‘
%n'’ , ■
Reminiscences On The Oval
\ (Contittued from 1) th^y were in School will carry them thirougix an enthusiastic reanion, in J/une; according; to' ^‘Ddc;.”: ; ;“Our dontribut^ h go6d bit to tlie inaproye ipent of ttie school,” he fer^ counts^ “It was during ouf senior year that The Pur?: due Exponent belcame a dgily publication, and the Purdue Acriculturist was instituted. We also obtained the original victory bell which has tolled many a Purdlue victory during the 30 years since we w;ere in school.”
Please Preserve The Grass To the Students of the University: „
served today with considerable regret. Some students appear unmindful of the long-time sentiment attached to such places asthe Oval. In the newer areas of the campus, where the Trustees of the University are making special
but scanty attention is paid to the ‘Please’ signs. This has resulted in considerable damage to sections which*^ have recently been planted.
time, and appearance due to these acts of vandalism, the
the newly planted areas lying west and south of the Exec-
those c " imposed upon those violating the campus parking rules. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Ice Gream Meeting Ends A three-day conference for ice cream plantmen and managers was brought to a close yesterday afternoon by a symposium “Merchandising Ice Cream,” discussed from the Wholesale angle by V. C. Manhart, of the University, and from the retailers’ view by Frank Leggett, of Chicago, representing the Igloo Ice Cream Company. New Flavors The feature of the morning session was a discussion of the preparation of new flavors in ice cream by I|rof. C. A. Iverson, of the University of Iowa. Concluding the morning session, Dr. E. H. Parfitt, Dr. B. E. Horrall, and Prof. H. W. Gregory, all of the University dairy department, gave an explanation of “Indiana’s Ice Cream Project.”
If a potential Methuselah were given the assignment of drinking eight glasses of water daily from the new varsity swimming pool at Ohio State University, he would be able to consume all of the water— 219,160 gallons, in 1,200 years. When women graduates of Grihell College marry, they stay married^ Statistics released from the alumni office show that only one divorce has occurred since 1930.
Classified Ads.
Leaving For Florida—Saturday, March 27. Can take one passenger; share expenses. Phone 41061.
Wanted—Two passengers to Terre Haute. Leaving Saturday noon. Call 75034. Wanted^—^Roommate to share a double room. Mrs. Cassidy, 422 N. Salisbury street.
Wanted^—Two passengers to Washington, D. C., during vacation. Share expense. Call 5902.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and, repaired. Supplies for all machines
k * fVk/iy, Wise Guy^l told you it was bad luck to step on a • crack!" ^
Desired—Ride to Buffalo, New York, this Saturday. Sterns. Call 3400.
Leaving For Florida—-Saturday, March 27. Can take one .passenger^ share expenses. Phone 41061.
Portable Victrola—And records, library tables, card tables, practically new, electric coffee percola-^ tors. Tuxedo suits, mirrors, back number magazines' Ic to 5c each. Books, lots of them. Moore’s Colonial Market, 220 N. Fifth street. Wanted-—^Ride to Detroit or Flint Saturday morning. Call Weldy at 45891.
VaH-CcIcred
98c and up
Men's Shorts or Shirts^ French Shorts.
C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
ZouaveeK-Those who ordered keys and have not 2Made payment please bring $1.55 to Triangle house as soon as possible. ■ —MURRAY. Agricultural Rngineering bonditions—Examinations for removal of conditions in' A. E. 22 for surveying will be held in room 204 of the old Agricultural Engineering Building at 1 o’clock, April 10. Applications must be made in same building before spring recess. — —SPENCER. Farm Management Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Farm Management 1 will be held April 17, at '1 p. m. —MAUCH.
NOTICES No noticos accoiitoii after t p. m.
OrganU Chemistry Conditions—Examination for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 29 and 107 will be held in Mom 101 of the Education Building at 1 p. m. April 10. Applications must be made at the General office in the Chemistry Building before the Spring recess. —I4ELSON. Castles In The Air Cast—Will all members of the cast please call for personal property which was left in the Union ' check room. All of this property which is not called for before spring .vacation,will be turned in to the dean of men and confiscated. —McLEOD.
General Chemistry Conditions—^Examinations for the removal of conditions in Chemistry 1 and 2 will be hdd in room 101 of the Education Building at I p. m. April 10.: Application's must be .made at the freshman office in the Chemistry Building not later than April 7. ' ' —ALLEN, HASS, TEST.
Skull and Crescent—All money for Cotillion or tickets must be in tci me before the spring recess. —CABONARGI.
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. In Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955 — 8050
Five Stores
The five 'Lafayette Pigglj^ Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette. ' 501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building 910 Kossuth Street 1301 North 14th Street 1610 MiMn Stre^
Physics Ib-r^A condition examination will be given April 10 at 1 p. m, in room 2 of the Physics Building. » \ , —SHERMAN.
Purdue Engineer Subscribers—All unpaid subscriptions are due at Once. Please send ?1 to Purdue Engineer, Memorial Union Building; —CLASSMAN. ;
Co-eds—There will be no mixed rbereation in the Women’s Gymnasium March 26. ' —SCHWEHN. : N. Y. A. Workers—Checks for the period ending March 10 are now available at the cashier’s office in the Executive BuUdihx. —HOLLENS®E.
LENTEN TREATS Pastries that bring a new^ tingle of appreciation to appetitek—‘delicious, wholespnie——
SiFECIAL—-Hot Cross Buns GRAVE’S BAKERf
\onr^ * -arVy this blaster stone hy Kill two cleaning done having otcpflw®in tinie *9^ persnnal Whether " ® yoah houseVioW *>«‘9 ^ you ioinn'e** this It no gieat« 9'>8*
..lnai.na’v M»st 9109V5" : l»lic(ne 4^