i t
Purdue
I-" V1^ An t JlIi i/i^ Cr-JUjL J(iJL It
Volume 5L Np. 163
Friday, A|>ril 2^, 1940
RotariansToMeet April 28-30; Visitors See Corps Review Expcict 800-1,000 Guests For Convention Between 800 and 1,000 visitors are expected to attend the Rotary Conference which will meet on the Purdue l/niversity Campus April 28, 29, and 30. This conference includes clubs in the northern twothirds of Indiana. The University is taking a rather active part in the meet in'that it is providing entertainment throughout all three days of the convention. Albert Stewart will lead the University Concert Choir Sunday evening, the opening day of the Conference. Corps Review The following day on Monday the entire military corps will review before the visitors at 4 p.m. In the event of bad weather, the third and fourth regiments only will parade in the Field House. Monday evening at the banquet Mr. Stewart will bring the Men's Glee Club before the assemblage. Dr. Elliott will addi’ess the banquet. Afterwards at the Governor’s Ball
The ROTC Corps will conduct a review for the Rotary International on the Intramural Field at 4:20 p.m. on April 29. The Corps will assemble in the Armory at 4:00 p.m. In order to make this review a success, all ROTC students are requested to participate. This review will take the place of Corps Days scheduled at 11:00 a.m. on April 23 and 25.
there will be a number of floor shows put on by University students. One of these will be a demonstration by the Zouaves. Contacts The local Rotary Club will entertain a number of foreign students in an effort to bring the visiting Rotarians in contact with anpther feature of University life. On Tuesday at 11 a.m. Dr. L. M. Sears will lead a round table, give and take discussion, by University students dealing with current events and other problems which confront students. Taking part in hft discussion will be Joop Polak, L. L. Lyles, H. F. Fishburn, R. E. Insley, Don Paarlberg, and P. H. Chin. SAA Elections Student Athletic Association elections will be held May 14 from 8 a.m. to $ p.m. Petitions will be available May 3 in the Senate office and will be due May 10 with 50 signatures. All students are eligible to vote, and must show passports.
Speech 14 Finalists Selected From 28 Yesterday afternoon finalists for the Speech 14 Convocation to be ^held in Eliza Fowler Hall, Tuesday April 30, at 7:16 p.m., were selected from a group of 28 speakers. This Convocation is an exhibition of speaking ability given by those winners in competition in the delivering of a certain type of speech, in this instance a speech of proposal. Those speakers who represented their respective Speech sections were finally narrowed down to five winners after two elimination contests. Those selected to take part in the convo were J. O. Bray, W. F. Gates, Russell Hardin, D. F. LeMaster, and Maurice Udes. First Semi-finals Of All-Campus Bridge Tourney Played Off Of the thirty-two teams that competed in the first semi-finals of the all-campus bridge tourney last Wednesday evening, the top teams in their sections were: The Slick Aces, The Four Bullets, and Phi Kappa Sigma No. 1. Cartons of cigarettes were the prizes given to the teams. Following is a list of the twentyone teams that qualified for play in the second semi-finals next week: Slick Aces, Local 101, Sigma Pi, Poker Player Local, Pi Kappa Alpha No. 1, Four Bullets, Pi Kappa Sigma No. 1, Delta Upsilon, Pour X Deucers, Black Buzzards, Phi Kappa Sigma No. 2, Sharks (Sigma Chi), Four Flushers (Delta Chi), Kavin Klub, Alpha Chi Rho, Cary Hall Northwest, Alpha Chi Omega, Phi Gamma Delta, Cary West, Phi Kappa Psi, and Pi Kappa Phi. Scores of these and eliminated teams are now posted in the Union game room. Winners of the second semi-finals, that is the four high score teams, will meet in a four-team play-off for the championship with gold and silver trophies to be awarded the winners and runners-up lyThe next round of the tournament will be played Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the north ballroom of the Union.
Wesley Players
Foreign Student Reveals European War Set-up
By Nurettin Ayasun (Editor’s Note: This is the first in a series of eight articles to be written by foreign students studying at the University. The articles are written in the interest of the Foreign Student Aid Fund Drive which is now in progress here under the direction of a special committee composed of campus activity leadeis. Funds collected will be used to help students in Europe and the Far East continue their studies at universities in the United States, Canada, and Europe.) The night of September 1 our train pulled into the Belgrade station. I was going home to Turkey for my vacation, and on the train ■with me were many other Turkish students returning from engineering schools in Germany. The Turkish government had called all its nationals back to Turkey several days before; our government had known, of course, that war, declared that night between the Allies and Germany, was coming. Most of the returning Turkish
students had only a short period of study remaining before receiving their degrees. On the train a large group of us talked far into the night about the German universities, the 10 per cent saw dust bread on which the Germans lived, and about other university students affected by the war. I was told that many of the German universities had been closed in August to allow the men to harvest in the fields. Many of the universities had been converted into hospitals and gari-isons, my friends told me. Stranded Students Although the Turkish students had all been protected by the Turkish government, I learned from my friends returning from Germany that many students of other nationalities such as Czech, Polish, and Austrian were stranded in Paris or London without funds or any way of continuing their education. It is for such students as these that I feel that the Poreigu Student Aid Fund may do fine work.
Del Courtney Plays For Cary Clubbers' Dance Tonight In Both Union Ballrooms Informality Will Prevail Amid Atmosphere Personnel Directors, of "Joe" Sayings; Crest For Backdrop
Breeders, Executives, ToConfereMay1-4
. . . elected the following officers for the coming year: Bob Lumpkin, president; Winifred Thompson, vice-president; George Absheer, treasurer; Tom McConaha, assistant treasurer; Bill Peterson, secretary; and Luther Cree, assistant secretary.
Plans are being made for three conferences to be held here between April 30 and May 4. The Personnel and Industrial Relations Institute is scheduled to meet on April 30, May 1, and May 2; the Conference on Management will be held May 2 and 3; and the Thirty-Second Annual Purdue Egg Show and Eighth Annual Baby Chick Show will take place May 2, 3, and 4. “What’s New in Personnel” and “Industrial Relations” will be the topics for discussion at the Institute on Personnel and Industrial Relations. J. E. Walters, Director of Personnel and Chairman of the Institute, is the Chairman in charge of the committee planning this conference. Presiding over the first meetings is Walter S. Gundeck, President of the Indiana Personnel . Association and Director of Industrial Relations at the Studebaker Corporation. Many prominent directors will deliver addresses to the group. The Department of General Engineering Extension Department, and the School of Home Economics are directing the Conference on “Management in the Home.” This conference will bring together industrial, utility and business executives and others interested in problems of present day management. Professor C. W. Beese, Head of the Department of General Engineering, is the presiding officer. This year’s Egg and Baby Chick show is predicted to be one of the biggest ever held, according to C. L. Breeden, show manager. William Ullman, a 1930 Purdue Poultry graduate, will be the official judge again this year. Cash prizes, cups, plaques, and ribbons will be offered as premiums. Educational exhibits will be a feature of the show. Marion, Kokomo To Use University Traffic Surveys ^ J. L. Lingo, director of the University public safety institute, reported today that citizens and police officials in the cities of Kokomo and Marion have given their consent to reorganize their police departments in line with the results of the recent survey on traffic and general policing methods of those two cities. Training schools for the police of both cities will be part of the reorganization programs of the two cities ; the Kokomo training school will start Monday. The intensive survey ‘ on safety has been carried out by Lingo in co-operation with state police officials and the officials of many Indiana towns including Bloomington, Gary, Muncie, and Anderson. Reports show that since Anderson started on its re-organization of policing and traffic program on November 15, there have been no fata] accidents to date as compared with six during a similar period a year ago. Muncie also has had no fatal accidents since the survey started while during the same period a year ago there occurred eight. Student's Service Fund Sponsors Movies, Talks Pi’esent conditions in China was the topic discussed last night at an illustrated lectqre sponsored by the Student’s Service Fund before a small, interested group in room 129 of the EE building. Professor Sears of the social science department, an authority on the subject discussed the China situation.
Informality will be the key note of the Cary Hall “joe” dance tonight from 9 to 12 p.m. Music and entertainment for the evening will be furnished by Del Courtney and his Candid Camera Swingsters together with their vocalists The Three Dells. — Joe Theme Carrying out the “joe” theme in the decorations, the boys have planned a picture of a boy and a girl and a Cary Hall crest for the backdrop and “joe” sayings for the bandstands. Two brass “P’s” are being fastened together around the dance information and given out as programs. The tickets are made of imitation wood grain. Courtney has traveled all over the United States with his band and has made Brunswick and Vocalio'n records. He is versatile in that he can swing it with a trumpet or create the same effect on the ivories. He also sings and impersonates.
Predecessor
This dance is a predecessor to the Spring Formal which will be held on May 24 in the Union ballrooms. The orchestra for this dance will be named in the very near future according to the joe dance committee consisting of Joe Price, chairman, Alan Batsford, Dick Zweig, George Kintner, Carl Lutz, Bob Mullett, Jack Daley, Norm Smith, George Frey, Wally Schalck, and Walter
Swigart.
Del Courtney
Student SenaterSefs Fresh Election Date; PeitionsDueMayS Freshman and sophomore Student Senate election will be May 7 from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Petitions will be available April 29 in the Senate office, and will be due May 3. These petitions must have 50 signatures, with all the names on each from members of the same class and school as that of the petitioner. Representatives will be chosen as follows: Freshmen, one from home economics, one from science, one from agriculture, one from engineering, and one from pharmacy and physical education combined. Sophomores, one from Agriculture, one from science, one from home economics, one from chemical and metallurgical combined, one from mechanical engineering, one from electrical engineering, one from pharmacy and physical education combined, and one from civil engineering, public service, and T. & I. E, Annual Best Soldier
University To Offer Extension Workers Psychology Course County extension agents and subject matter extension specialists from Indiana and other states ’will study improved teaching methods and techniques in a three week course this summer entitled “Psychology for Extension Workers.” This course, designed to develop a psychological basis for effective extension work, will be offered June 10 to 29 as a part of the University Summer Session. Dr. Paul J. Kruse of Cornell University, noted for his training and experience in educational psychology, will teach the class. Three University semester credit hours, applicable toward a graduate study program, will be given to those fulfilling the course requirements. Further information may be obtained from L. M. Busche of the University.
ConteslOpensMayll Preset
Annual Best Soldier Contest, sponsored by Scabbard and Blade military honorary, will be held Saturday, May 11, it was announced today. The contest will be open to those freshmen and sophomores who signed up for it at registration and the period following. Cadet Lieutenant Colonel, Earl Schrader, who is in charge of the contest, announced that there will be two distinct divisions, one for the freshmen and one for the sophomores. Duplicate prizes are to be awarded to both of the groups. The contestants will be judged from what they have done in 'their military classes, drills, and Corps Day formations. In each division, first prize is a gold medal, citation, and seven merits; second prize, a silver medal, citation and six merits; third prize, a bronze medal, citation and four merits. Fourth prize, a citation and two merits; fifth prize is one citation; sixth prize is seven merits, seventh prize is six merits, eighth prize is four merits; ninth prize is three merits, and tenth prize is two merits. Those who have not already entered the contest may do so, but will be under a handicap for not entering within the proper time limits. /
Hoosier Rally Tomorrow Sigma Nu’s Hoosier Rally. will get under way this Saturday at 10 a.m. The first part of the pi-ogram will be held at the Sigma Nu house and will consist of discussion groups. These groups will discuss fraternity problems and their solutions. The discussions will continue until the middle of the afternoon. The remainder of the afternoon is to be spent in recreational activities of the bretheren’s own choosing. A banquet is to be held in the faculty lounge at 6:30 p.m. The toastmaster will be "Walter Ki-ull who will introduce the speakers of the evening. The main speakers will be James W. Noel, of the Board of Trustees, Grant W. Harrington, Harry B. Marsh, and John S. Wright. Outing Club To Discuss Plans For Trip To "Pines" Purpose of a business meeting of the Outing Club to be held at 7:30 p.m., April 30, in room 328 of the Union is to elect officers for the club’s trip to The Pines. All people interested in this trip to one of Indiana’s smaller sctenic parks are urged to attend this meeting.
Rice, Lee Speak Before Seniors At Marital Lectures Discuss Problems Of Young Married People Dr. Thurman B. Rice was the speaker at the marital lectures held on the campus yesterday. In the afternoon he talked to approximately 300 senior eds in the main lecture room of the education building. Dr. Rice gave a very frank and sincere lecture on the problems of marriage both before and after marriage. In addition to his talking about the biological backgi’ound, he also gave some excellent advice on the subject of boy-girl relationships in college. The lecture lasted almost two hours and had to be cut short due to the lack of time. Answers Questions When the lecture closed, the Doctor asked for questions and was rewarded by two large fisfiiils of small note paper on which were numerous and varied questions. Dr. Rice proceeded to answer as many of the questions as he could. Many of the questions were answered by telling of a specific example that he as a doctor could draw from his experience. The meeting on the whole was very well received by those present and was treated with a very sincerely and serious attitude. Dr. Rice also spoke to an open meeting of both senior eds and coeds at 7:30 last evening in room 355 of the Union. Dr. Rice talked for about three-quarters of an hour and then -^^ed for questions. Among the subjects that were discussed at length were the questions on whether invalids should marry and what their chances for happiness are; college marriages and their possibilities of succeeding; long engagements before marriage and the merits of such an arrangement; and marriage just before a long separation. Each of these questions was answered in a sincere and honest manner and the answers were received in rapt attention by the listeners. Specific Example Another question was asked about the relationship between parents and young people who are contemplating marriage. This question was answered by telling of the experience of a Purdue alumnus. Dr. Rice drew from his own private and professional experience, excellent examples and situations that covered most of the questions raised at the meeting. In closing the meeting. Dr. Rice said, “The young people of today are faced with a much greater problem than their parents were. Therefore, I think that this type of lecture is essential to our children’s happiness.’* Dr. Mary Lee, also an authority on this subject, spoke to senior coeds in the woman’s loung;e' of the Union at 7:30 last night. Senate Starts Sale Of Lost, Found Artides starting at 10 o’clock this morning the Lost and Found department of the Student Senate will begin sale of all the unclaimed articles in the reception room of the Union. Since the firanch of the Senate began work last October they have collected 945 articles and have returned only 275 of them. 'At the present time they have found everything from Gimlet hats, slide rules, raincoats, leather jackets, hats, note books, down to worn out compacts. The committee headed by John Stewart has placed an arbitrary price on all articles to be sold. No text books will be sold.
Commencement Invitations Orders for commencement invitations a red announcements, now on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the west desk of the Union, mu^t be placed before 9 p.m., today. Cash payment accompany the qrders. Sanqiiles are on display at the UiUmic ImmI the bookstores.PVBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, April 26. 1940
■
Boilermaker Nine Plays At Chicago Inactive in Big 9^ competition since April 10, Coach Dutch Fehring’s diamond combination will take the field against the Chicago Maroons today on the Midway ballgrounds this afternoon. In their only other conference start, the Boilermakers succumbed before last year’s conference champions, the Iowa Hawkeyes, in a beautiful pitcher’s duel in which only eight hits were released.
Bailey Starts Coach Fehring has announced that his starting pitcher for the initial Maroon contest will be Bob Bailey, ace right-hander. As Bailey’s batterymate, Bud Fisher, who was released from the hospital only a few days ago, will assume his backstop position. In the second encounter, which is scheduled for tomorrow, Riveter chances are hinging on Don Blanken or Gerald Higgins, either of whom may be summoned by Fehring to take the mound. In the event that Chicago, starts a southpaw twirler. Coach Fehring asserted that either Blanken or Yeager will appear at left field in the first game line-up. But should the Maroons decide on a right-hander, Marty Stamm will occupy the left field spot. Early season games weren’t much of a barrier to the Maroons this spring until Northwestern and Notre Dame made their appearance before the Midway nine. Coach Kyle Anderson’s team were trodden twice by both the Wildcats and Irish. Even wth those four setbacks, the Maroons now own a win-loss record of six and five, respectively. Among their victims were DePauw, who suffered a double loss, and Armour Tech. Lopatka Tops The outstanding hurler on the Maroon roster is Art Lopatka, who is rated as the top portside pitcher in the conference. Last year when he fated the Boilermakers, Mackiewicz led a seven-hit attack which netted eight runs on the Riveter column, while Bailey was touched for only three hits and three -runs. Mackiewicz solved Lopatka’s delivery for two singles. . Laying over in the Windy City following the second ^ame of the Chicago doubleheader, the Boilermaker traveling squad of 21 men
LEARN TO DANCE A PRIVATE LESSON WILL BE GIVEN FREE OF CHARGE Mon. April 29, 7:00 p. m. TO THOSE WISHING TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW BEGINNER'S CLASS PHONE2150 ALX£N^6tk and Ffltxf
LIMA Today - Sat.—2 Features m,. Ho^along Cassidy in HIDDEN GOLD'
PmS~-2ND FEATURE
— TODAY - SATURDAY— MAETERLINCKS |
THE BLUE BIRD
Shirley Temple ' Spring Byington Nigel Bruce • Gale Sondergaard
will watch the Chicago White Sox tangle with the St. Louis Browns at Comiskey Park Sunday. After seeing baseball played at its best, the Riveters will move down to South Bend to mix with Notre Dame on Monday afternoon, in the game which will conclude the four-day road trip. Players on the traveling squad which leaves this morning at 8 o’clock for Chicago are as follows: Bailey, Blanken, Cooper, Danowski, Doherty, Emmert, Fisher, Hearne, Higgins, McFerren, Mackiewicz, Mitchell, Ra,wles, Ridgway, Smithson, Stamm, Vernon, Wargo, Waterhouse, Yeager, and Young. Big Ten Standings 0pp. W L Runs Runs Illinois - 3 1 20 17 Wisconsin 3 1 28 9 Iowa - 2 1 12 8 Northwestern .... 2 2 28 24 Michigan 11 8 7 Purdue 0 1 0 2 Chicago 0 4 13 42 Minnesota .......... 0 0 0 0 Ohio State ........ 0 0 0 0 Indiana 0 0 0 0
In 1860 Southwestern University students had to attend three daily prayer services, the first beginning at four a. m.
ARC
— TODAY-SATURDAY — al,000,000 losti Diplomat murderedl laagh-charged sbock mysteiy!
AND
ALSO —
piAipfnis llUdSCI^
MaiiI
NOW SHOWING ONLY 2 MORE DAYS the ROUICKING R0MfcN« thm
Now Ginger and Joe! put new joy Into the story of the right girl from the wrong side of town. wi/h MARJORIE RAMBEAU HENRYTRAVERS MILES MANDER
psddsu^
POmA
Sr Kob«rt J. Dedcard - To the Showers—Maybe If the management of the Chicago Cub baseball team follows its usual procedure of “exiting” the manager when the road gets a mite rough, then Gabby Hartnett, who to some is an optional delight receiving the pill behind the plate and bossing the Bruins, will get a resounding rivet in the spanker and be headed in the direction of the door marked “Showers.” —^fc— This fact has been attested to before,, as was shown by Charley Grimm and Roger Hornsby who were moved along hurriedly on that well-worn path to the showers when the Cubs didn’t fare so well. * . Rabbit Maranville, boss before Hornsby, was tossed out three, months after assuming the manager’s post. —^fc— Now the Cub outfit has gone out and laid plenty of cash on the line, and a few players to boot, to strengthen the Windy City nine, which shows that the management has plenty of confidence in Hartnett, who in our estimation is as sage as Confucius. —fc— But Hartnett knows he’s on the spot . . . The boys in the office are out for blood . . . They want action and plenty of it ... So Gabby has given . . . Into the lineup he has inserted some of those sterling freshmen, but, up to date, they have acted like a bucking mule . . . Gobs of errors and few hits to compensate for the miscues.
. . . Purdue military honorary, elected the following officers f6r the coming year: Captain, L. B. McCammon; First Lieutenant, M. E. Keane; Second Lieutenant, E. L. Blakslee; First Sergeant, J. W. Hudson, and Supply Sergeant, R. 6. Mossey. Plans Were also made for a 71 gun salute to be shot off May 4 as part of the Gala Week program.
So out come the rookies and in go the veterans, which leaves the Cubs just about where they were last year . . . And, if the veterans don’t “produce,” Hartnett knows he’s a goner because the Cub directors are not easy-going souls . . . ■ ' —fc— Whee, Gabby, you’re in a spot! —f c— Cocky BunchYesterday morning we had a talk with one of the Boilermaker baseball players, and it seems that this particular fellow was overly-opti-mistic about the two-game series with Chicago ... In certain respects, the two games look like push-overs, as the Maroon outfit has lost four Big Ten contests. Careful, fellow, Notre Dame, which has one of the toughest collegiate ball clubs in the nation, has been given a couple of bad scares by Chicago, which isn’t a team to practice on . . . Get a lot of selfconfidence in yourself, but don’t count your chickens .before they’re hatched, ’er somethin’ like that! —-fc— Miscellani — John Purdue is letter winner at Michigan University . . . How’s about calling the Western Conference the Big Nine-and-Half, because Chicago is half in and half out?
SATURDAY ONE DAY ONLY
ALL SEATS TILL 2:00 P. M.
ONE SOLID HOUR OF ^ ENTEHTAINMENT! SIpi'Off -«-> •— Gottddlfll —SIX HEADLINE ACTS— O earls of WHIRL O ROLLER SKATING NOVELTY ^ PROSPER and MERRET Q HAND BALANCING ACT
— Hanlon & Clark — - Bankoff & Cannon - — Ida Bergman —
THE BIGGEST AHO MOST GORGEOUS STAGE PRODUCTION ON TOUR
PLUS—THIS TEMPTING SCREEN SHOW vict'
CESAR ROMERO
.. thrilling you anew os 0. Henry's doshing coballero! — ADMISSION— —DOORS OPEN 12:00— 25c Till 2:00 p. m. , a v After 2:00—30-40c —LAST TIMES TODAY— Children 15c All Day "FREE BLONDE and 21"
Nine Boilermakers Entered In Relays Nine men comprising the cream of Boilermaker track squad left early yesterday morning to compete in the mid-west’s annual track classic, the Drake relays. Under Coach Herman Phillips’ watchful eyes, the Riveter turf-pounders are scheduled to compete in at least two relays and five specialty events today and tomorrow.
Led by Captain Allen Shackleton, the Boilermakers will make a bid in the one-mile relay. His teammates in this event will be Jim Simmons, John Anthony, and Dan Fisher, center man on the Gold and Black’s Big Ten championship basketball squad. According to Coach Phillips, there is a possibility that a half-mile relay combination may be formed in which Simmons would join Willard Gaulke, Ted Tycocki, and Dave Rankin. Shackleton may lead off a sprint medley relay with Ed Holderman holding down the anchor half mile. Provide^ that his relay assignments do not prove too arduous, Holderman, - the Boilermakers ace distance runner, may compete in the two mile specialty event where he will I’un up against Michigan’s Schwarzkopf and Efauw of Oklahoma A. and M. Captain-elect of next season’s football machine, Dave Rankin, who made his debut as a college turf-pounder this spring, is entered in the hurdle events. For-
est Weber will put the shot and fling the discus. Colorful History Looking over the history of the Drake relays it is found that they were founded in 1910 by Maj. John L. Griffith. When the final race is run Saturday afternoon, Maj. Griffith will have engineered his last Drake relay for he leaves after this season for the west coast where he will assume new duties at Stanford. During its thirty years of life under his management this midwest track classic has outstripped the older Pennsylvania relays in comparative records of performance. This is due in some measure to the fact that Drake draws its competitors from a wider area and the center of supremacy'in track circles has long been removed from the eastern seaboard. This year with Maj. Gi’iffith bringing his period of leadership to a close, it is fitting that the entry list is the largest in 11 years. More than 172 schools will be represented including all of the Big Ten.
Starts SUNDAY
MAHS
Starts SUNDAY
ADULTS ONLY The Most Sensational Picture Ever Made! ALL SEATS 35c
MaiiI
MIDNITE SHOWS only
TONITE & TOMORROWFriday, April 26, 1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Miss Esther Lalzke . . . the “Marie Gifford” of the home economics department of Armour and Compnpy will give a lecture to the class in Survey of Home Economics Tuesday, April 30. She will also give a demonstration in meat cookery for a class in commercial demonstration.
Approximafe/y ... 26 couples enjoyed the tea dance yesterday afternoon in room 36^ of the Union. Music was furnished by recordings. The dance was given for the Student Service Community Fund.
IM Schedules
BASEBALL Friday, April 26 Diamond 1 Ward 7 vs Ward 26. Ward 15 vs Ward 12. Ward 27 vs Ward 18. Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 11. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 13. Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 4. Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 12. Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 14. Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 9. Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 5.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, pnrohased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, 606 Main street.
TENNIS SINGLES Friday, April 26 -Delta Tau Delta vs Pi Kappa Alpha. Beta Sigma Psi vs Sigma Nu. Theta Xi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda. Kappa Sigma vs Phi Delta Theta or Delta Upsilon. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Sigma Pi. Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa. Sigma Phix Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi. Alpha Chi Rho vs Tau Kappa Epsilon or Sigma Alpha Mu. Triangle vs Pi Kappa Phi.
LOST AND FOUND
POP CO R N SOFT DI^INKS ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
SPORTSWEAR
AS HEADQUARTERS FOR FASHION WE NATURALLY FEATURE JAYSON TRU VAL B. V. D. RUOBY
$1
.00
up
Our Sportwear is superior because it is tailored by the responsible craftsmen, and are styled in keeping with the best traditions of ultra-smartness. Never eccentric, our Sportwear con be worn with assurance and pride on every leisure or active sports occasion.
Variety Show At The MARS
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Lost: Gray reversible topcoat at Newman Club Radio Dance. Believed taken by mistake. Call 3240.
Lost: Gold pendant set with amethyst and pearls. Phone 3733. Janet Pickering. Lost, Tuesday: Purse with keys; Waterman fountain pen; money. Pat Wynne. WRH West.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT RE MUCH OR LITTIE
YOU'RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
The best way to set off a coat of tan ARROW SPORT SHIRTS are actually tailored like a coat. Their easy drape allows plenty of elbow room and adds loads of smartness to your summer get-up. Casually correct and conservative, these sensibly cut and sewn Arrow sports shirts are free from doodads, gadgets or wild patterns. They’re color fast and washable... SanforizedShrunk, fabric shrinkage less than 1%. Your local Arrow dealer has a big stock. $2 up. ARROW SHIRTS
Complete line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Schantz-Hansen . . . head of the Applied Design Department, will attend the MidWestern College Art Conference at the Art Institute in Chicago on Friday and Saturday of this week. Only colleges which include a certain number and type of art courses in their curriculum are represented at this conference.
PIA Chffrns: Rehearse in room 3<P7 from 4:10 to 6:80 p. m., Thursday, April 25, Other rehearsab will be held.Friday, April 26 at the same time, Monday, April 20 from 7:30 to 8:30 p. n>., and TueM&y, April 30, at 4:15 p. m. Every member must attend all rehearsals to take part in Hnfversi^ Sing. —ARCHIBALD.
Modem Dance Club: Special meeting Friday, April 26, 4 p. m, AH members please attend. —KNIGHT.
Wesley Foundation: Ck>uncil members attending retreat Sunday, April 28 should sign up at Foundation by Friday night, April 26. Cars leave at 8:30 and return at one and three. Cost 25 cents for dinner and 10 cents for transportation. Car drivers free. —McFADDEN.
Notices
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assisttant night editors during the next two weeks: Streid, April 23; Johnson, 24; Allanson, 26; Overman, 26; Thran, 27 ; Novey, 29; Zinski, 80; Kolb, May 1; Adams, 2; Amos, 3; and Stoeckel, 4. It is important that you report on these days. —FRED.
All Song Leaders: Please be present at important meeting for all University Sing at 4 :16 p. m. in Room F of Union on Friday, April 26. —HAMM AN.
Freshmen Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures will report to Eliza Fowler Hall on Saturday, April 27. Selection of schools will be made at this meeting —KNAPP.
Mortar Board: Compulsory meeting 7 p m , Sunday, April 28, WSGA office —SAURER
Six outstanding and fast paced acts, filled with novelty and fast paced, is the revue, “TEMPTATIONS OF 1940” playing the Mars Theatre this Saturday. The revue highlights a bevy of beautiful, bedazzling, bewitching, brilliant, bubbling belles featured as the EIGHT TEMPTERS; also included in the cast of Variety Headliners are SUEMAE and her daring dance; BANEOFF and CANNON internationally known as the funniest dance team; EARLS OF WHIRL boy and girl in a distinct and different roller-skating novelty, PROSPER and MERET hand-balancing act, HANLON and CLARK just a couple of crazy people, IDA BERGMAN in a “Russian Fantasy” and the TEMPTATION TUNESTERS. TEMPTATIONS OF 1940 is built for your enjoyment ocering you one solid hour of dazzling entertainment.
Debris Workers: Important meeting for sophomores on editorial, business, and photography staffs, Friday, April 26, in editorial workshop. —OGDEN.
Scabbard and Blade: Election of officers Wednesday, May 1, at 7:30 p m. in east faculty lounge —OLSON.
Freshmen Engineers: All freshmen Engineers are cordially invited to attend the annual banquet of the Purdue Student Chapter of American Society of Civil Engineers Thursday, May 2, at 7 p.m. in the West Faculty Lounge. 60 cents per plate. Tickets may be purchased at Union desk or in Main office of Civil Engineering Building. Special entertainment. —QUEBE.
Scabbard and Blade: Picnic this Saturday, April 27. Trucks leave Armory at 6
-ANCKER
Debris Workers: Important meeting for sophomores on editonai, business, and photography staffs in editorial workshop Friday, April 26. at 4 p. m. —OGDEN.
Cosmopolitan Clnb: Party 7:30 p. m., Friday, April 26 in the Woman’s Gym. Refreshments will follow the recreational program. No regular meeting will be held on Friday afternoon. —SHICKEL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Party, Friday evening, April 26, at 7:30 in the Women’s Gym. Refreshments after the recreational program. Must wear rubber-soled shoes. No regular meeting Friday afternoon. —SHICKEL.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Business meeting Friday, April 26, at 4 p. m. in Room 236 of the Union. Brief, but important. Pledge service Tuesday, April 30, at 7:30 in Room 304. —CARPEN'TER.
Egg Show Committee; Meet at Agricultural Hall, 6:30 a. m'., Saturday, April 27. —SEARCY.
Reamer: Reamer Club meeting Monday, April 29, 1940 in room 203 of the Unian at 8 pm. —BOHEIN. Freshmen Varsity Golf Team: 'Tryouts for candidates will be Saturday, April 27 at 2 :00 p. m. at the West Lafayette (Siuntry Club. —,^:a,spau. Reamers: Post, Teeter, Due, Griffin meet me April 26 in PIA office at 7:30 p. m. —AULL.
WSGA Office Committee Workers: Please report for work 'Thursday and Friday, April 25-26 at 4 p. m. —HUTCHISON.
ME 31: Makeup for test 4 will be Saturday, April 27 at 1 p. m , Room 3, 1WF Building. —PHELPSi
(BajuuL ihaL MELTS in, QJjojua, Mouth
Bread so tasty and tender, each luscious bite rolls tantalizingly on your tongue—so full of rich, fresh flavor and perfect texture, it's the nearest thing to cake you've ever enjoyed. Try a real treat of finer bread. We know you'll approve. Graves’ quality Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to Fraternities and SororiHeti*
The Season’s Smartest Brown and
. It's 0 14®**
DP
"'YOUR FEET ARE WORTH FORTUNES" B & W SHOE CO. 121 No. Fourth Sti
JumJb^ Jalh
Peace Propaganda
. . . is one of the many kinds of edifying material which drops into our mailbox that is often most thought-provoking. It is true that some allegedly Communistic organizations wave the flag of “Keep America Out of War” as a front. Nevertheless, American collegians have demonstrated on many occasions their desire for world peace, and their determination to stay far away from overseas conflicts. The basis of keeping America out of war and the futility of war itself will be denied by few. The desire for peace must be based on logical reasoning, however ... not on emotional appeal. We think that perhaps the students who wave the “America for Americans” banners highest at the torch-light parades just because others do may also be the first to enlist when the bands play and flags wave if America should again go to war. Peace, however, is not the mere absence of war. It connotes cooperation between world powers, absence of age-old hatreds and distrusts. Until that state of idealism may someday be realized, the word “civilization” is still somewhat barren. Too many students merely stand abjectly-on the sidelines, and say “What can I do about it? The men in Washington make the wars . . . and would they ask me about it first?” With this negative attitude, little in the way of active peace promotion can be expected. True, the student cannot expect his single word to. sway the decisions of nations. But active interest in peace campaigns, if they be truly for peace and hot for other less publicized motives, letters to congressmen, and an appreciation for world affairs will aid in some measure to insure that John Purdue keeps far away from foreign battlefields.
9£un, and. dish. By Georgann Schilling
We thought th^ dance last Friday night and Saturday morning was a dance to end all dances, but after looking at the social calendar for this week-end we’ll have to change our minds. Evidently the Purdue lads and lassies like to dance. H &H Cary Hall, will start the week end off right with their ‘‘Joe” dance tonight in the Union. Del Courtney will furnish the music. We al\yays wondered just how many “joes” there were on the campus. Maybe this is our chance to find out. For the “white tie and tails” affair of the evening we have the. Sig Ep dinner dance at their chapter house. H & H , Tomorrow the Pi Phis will travel to Indianapolis to hear their national president, Amy B. Onken, at their state luncheon in the afternoon, and attend their state dance in the evening. The scene of their festivities will be the Athletic Club. The Delta Chis from all over the state will be dancing the same evening at the Severin Roof. H & H On the campus Saturday evening we’ll find the Thetas having dinner at the Union and dancing afterward at their house. The Lambda Chis will be entertaining at the Chapter house with their annual Monte Carlo dance. In the Union the Sigma Alpha Mus and their guests will be having a gay time at their spring dance.
Barbara Cook Models For Varsity Magazine Barbara Cook, Purdue co-ed, is one of the striking models featured in the fashion section of the current issue of Varsity, college news magazine. She is one of several coeds chosen from Indiana schools to represent L. S. Ayres Co. of Indianapolis in an advertisement. Other models are Claire Patten, DePauw University, Mary Osborne, Indiana University, and Jean Pickett, Butler University. :
J. P. Sanger
... Trustee of Armour Tech and Vice President' and Purchasing Agent of the United States Gypsum Company, will talk to the class in Sales and Sales Management, G E 105, Saturday morning, April 27, at 9 o’clock, in room 307, Heavilon Hall. His subject will be “The Purchasing Agent’s Point of View of Sales.” Mr. Sanger has appeared on this campus before and is an excellent speaker and has the students’ as well as the salesmen’s point of view. With this array of dances and good picnic weather there should be no reason for anyone having a dull time this week-end. H & H - And now we become philosophical and bring up a thought appropriate and common at this time: what happened to those resolutions to get all our work done early in the semester so we could enjoy the spring season ' tvithout worrying about reports and term papers ?
POBbtrE EXPONENT
But
By Vladimir We can’t help it. It was thi’own on our desk some time ago and has haunted us ever since. Maybe you can figure out what we should do with it. What was it? Just a small piece of paper bearing the question, “Which came fii’st, the comedian or the egg?” . !|C K! * We are really proud of a young sophomore we ran across recently. He has this idea of “padding” themes down perfect. As proof of this we offer the fact that he doesn’t give a “Bibliography” at the end of his compositions. , Not him. He has a “Bibliographical List.” We hate to change, the subject so much, but we do have to get into the next item. It seems that a fraternity was having a radio dance the night after Prom. The chaperons arrived, and things were a little stiff for a while. The entertainment of chaperones has long been a problem. But it was almost solved when Mrs. Chaper-
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Inalcr i.~ W. B. Smith
..... B4tto*4h-Chl«< . BniliicM HwuiaMr
O. G. Terrio, editorial direetor; G. W. FredeHck, maa---avioK editor; K M. Ahtbnini, eenior advertisias awaairer; G. Schilling, ao-ed editor; B. Jenkine, sporti editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Butiness 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March I, X879, and at the special rate of postage pniTided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthoriaed January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8,00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 120 Madison Ave, New York, M. T., All unsigned editorials are written by. the editorial director. Night Editor, Skallerup Issue Editor, Weiss Day Editor, Irwin' Friday, April 26, 1940
With all this beautiful weather, your B & B Editor didn’t want to stay in a hot office and bang off a column, but we finally talked him into it. Another reason is, he was sobering up . . . —B & B— The Phi Belts, i. e. Don Jackson and Lou Gray, have not completed their prom night yet. Since that fatal night, the boys have been putting the little ‘baby’ to sleep, for it is a shame to throw good stuff away. —B & B — Strange incidents, or ,What tp be ashamed of: Ruth Owen and Bus Robertson sat in a booth in the Sweet Shoppe. Peg Fantone and Jim Dean walked in and sat across the table from them. Suddenly Dean reached over, clasped Ruth’s face in his two hands, and KISSED her—in front of God and everybody. The guy must be crazy! (Anyhow, I’ll bet it was fun). —B & B— Apologies to the Pi Kappa Alphas ! In the Wednesday column concerning the Prom pin mergers, we slighted John Hawkins, who iiad pinned Niami Smitt. The snoop reports that Bob Schornstheimer put his pin on Ruth McKinney, Theta import from Northwestern. Buy American, Bob! —B & B— Come out in the open, babe, and let' a northerner try! —B & B— There’s a certain young lady on this campus, name unknown, but with the initials B. F., says she is
ORDER NOW $5.00
Your last chance to get a DebrisOrder one now before it’s too late
0SjbAUL Qomplsds, (^ampWL Qovshoijs,
interested in any prospective ed who can raise the temperature of her bloom to one hundred and eighty degrees. (Fahrenheit, of course). To the Ags, this is the lethal temper-
ature for nematodes, and to the engineers, it’s the melting point for Rose’s metal. Note: To a “Southern boy,” it would be only a minor problem. (Paid Ad) ...
owe^’6 /dp
yatemiL
unces
Beautifully Styled Highest Quality Experienced Designers Prompt Delivery
ALL POPULAR CORSAGES CLARIi’S FLOWER SHOP
527 Main Sf-reet
Phone 8451
Friday, 26; 1940 %
GMan- ... B. E. Sacket will speak here Friday, April 26, at an openmeeting of the student and faculty in the large lecture room in the Electrical Engineering building at four o’clock. Mr. Sackett, who is Special Agent in Charge, will talk about the organization of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Unit-, ed States De;hartment of Justice, the methods of the G men, the Many types of work which they are required to do, and requirements for entrance into the ranks of the G men. Interviews with those seniors and graduate students who are qualified for the openings will be arranged immediately after the meeting.
one reached over and picked up something to read. It happened to be Miss Schilling’s “Pardon Me.” As Mrs. Chap started to leaf through it, it conveniently fell open to a certain chapter and Mrs. Chap was confronted with the bold-faced question, ‘Are Chaperones People ?’ « !)■ H: They are.
MITZIE CAFETERIA Under New Management Home Cooked Meals thaf Satisfy
Do You Save? Add costs of Sending and Returning, to Mother's time and supplies on your home washing. Then Call American and Save! 10% Discount on your laundry at W. S. Office. "We Pick-up and Deliver' American Laundry West S!d[« Offioo ISlVlnoSt
THE NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL residence for young women
Home of College Clubs in New York The Barbizon is the home of college clubs in New York. Why? Perhaps it's because the Barbizon offers so many more of the smart interesting things that appeal to college girls. Daily it presents a harmonious medley of cultural and physical activities . . . musicales . . . art lectures . . . dramatics ... a fine library . ., swimming pool . . . sun deck . . . sguash courts. Another reason why college girls prefer living in The Barbizon Manner is its location . . . in the midst of New York's most fashionable residential section, yet convenient to important business centers, art galleries, museums, theatres and schools, • 700 rooms, each with a radio Tariff: from $2.50 per day from $12 per week • ' Write for descriptive booklet ”C"
(//'Oi-g//.
LEXINGTON A'YErf- at 63fd -ST' N'EW YOR.K' CITY