1940<'41 Exponent Staff Gets Out Today—^Two jumps Ahead Of The Sheriff
z-tss
Founded In 1889
Dally Sinee 1906
Volume 52, No. 183
West Lafayette, Ladijcma
Friday, May 16, 1941
, , \f,ir r st^ :j:-'};^0^
Ned A. Ochiltree
John L. Traugott
Letand W. Ruffner
Phil C. Johnson
Ruth Rose
Don S. Powers
Hess' Deed
Vote Of 1571 Shows 50 Percent Increase Over Last Year's Vote Casting a total of 1,571 votes, freshman and sophomore students yesterday chose their Student Senate representatives for next year. Eight freshman and nine sophomore positions,: including one tied position, were filled as the vote showed a fifty per cent increase over last year’s 1,025. The one tie occurred when Jack- ' • son O’Connell and Ken Grant each '
received the same number of votes for the junior representative from Mechanical Engineering. John Wilcox, Bob Weigel, and Tom Gardner were the other candidates. Asked for a statement as to what the official status of the two-man representation would be, John Walley, elections chairman, said that the decision would .be up to the nfew
Senate.
Freshman engineers chosen to the Senate were Paul Miller, Don Thomas, Gordon Hoffman, and Charles Leffert. The total vote for these four positions was 1018. Agriculture sophomore elected was Howard Diesslin, who won over Sigurd Peterson, Felix > West, and Robert Zollman. Joe Hannon won the other agriculture seat from the following freshman candidates:. Howard Hites, Ernest Tilley, and Richard Crane. Howard Armstrong was successful for the junior Science position over Ted Novey, Phyllis Scarff, and Jane Ballard. The sophomore Science seat for next year went to Richard Lundquist, who won from Joan Sullivan and Lucinda Red-
wine.
The junior Electrical Engineering representative for next year will be Robert Wilson. He defeated Harry Smith and Tom Klausmeyer. Dev Silva won the Chemical and Metallurgical junior position from John Bruck and William Taylor. Home Economic seats went to Roberta Glezen, junior, and Bette Jacobson, sophomore. They defeated Beveriee Raber, and Margaret Meltzer and Lois Caldwell, respectively, From the Pharmacy and Physical Education schools combined, J. H. Sandleben defeated Edward Hincks for the junior position apd Ed Ruch W4?n oyer Ralph Eberts and Willard Shelby for the other Since he was the only candidate petitioning, R. H. Olson was awarded the Civil, Public Service, and Trade and Industrial Education combined position without a vote.
Conference To Meiet Foremen’s places in national defense will be the keynote of the second annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana to be held at the University on Saturday. The engineering extension department and the division of education and applied psychology
will sponsor the institute.
Outstanding speakers scheduled for'the program are M. J. Karie, consultant on training in industry with the Social Security Board, and Cary Taylor, director of the Nor- ' them Bank of Milwaukee and of the Modern Mutual Building and Loan Association of Milwaukee. Eleven different departmental sessions, conducted simultaneously, will take up the majority of the afternoon’s program. Each session will be repeated to give those attending an opportunity to hear at
(Continued on page 4)
Music Rdom . . . will present a duo-piano program by Mrs. Charles Schwarms and Mrs. Adam MacKay from 4 to 5 o’clock next Sunday.
The hollows of the University Horticulture farm has been selected by the Horticulture Society to hold their annual picnic next Wednesday afternoon, May 21, according to the announcement received last night from the arrangemehts chairman, "Ernest Nordlinger. The farm is located two miles west of
the campus.
The^ selection was made by the committee consisting of the chairman, E. R. Brooks, Maxine Runkle, J. Ed Klinker, G. A. Adrian and the chairman. The committee is now: preparing the games and entertainment for the picnic. Refreshments are being arranged by the food committee with R. H. Brewster as
chairman.
The group will leave the Horticulture building Wednesday afternoon at 4:46, Cars will be available at this time. Reservations should be made with class representatives or any member of the society, e.w.n.
Boogie-Woogie Makes Initial Appearance Here ' By Bob Boswinkle Annual Cary Club Spring formal dance gets under way at 8:30 tonight in both ballrooms of the Union, The “boogie woogie” band of Will Bradley will provide the music for the affair until the dance is over at 12 o’clock. Admission is open only to Cary Club memOers and their dates. Bradley, the swing fan’s idol, besides leading his “8-to-the-bar” band, 'toots outAon his trombone whenever the occasion demands. His band is in great demand for its beautiful playing ' and all around dance music,, but particularly for the special brand of ‘boogie woogie” it puts out. Ray McKinley Stars Sl6w moving, Ray McKinley, star - drummer of the Bradley oqtfit,- is equally popular for his singing style as he is for his enthusiastic skinbeating. The distinctive singing is a cross between the croaking of a Texas horned frog and Bing Crosby singing “hot.” At present McKinley is riding oq the crest of a great popularity wave. . During the early 30’s Bradley went to Manhattan after he decided to strike out for bigger and better glory. Dorsey decided to lead his o'^ band with his brother Jimmy about- this time, leaving Bradley to occupy the Number One trombonist spot. After his golden horn'was heard, bandleaders offered him more lucrative jobs than one could shake a baton at.* Rapid Rice To Fame - His rise to fame has been rapid, but it has not been without the usual difficulties that; seem chqqacteristic to band leaders. The hectic days he struggled for fame proved to be good training ground for Bradley. At one time Tommy Dorsey advised him to purchase a pair of roller skates to keep up the terrific pace he was setting; r.w.b.
Thomas Say
. . . Entomological society will hold its annual picnic next Saturday, May 17. There will be softball games and other entertainment, and refreshments at the picnic grounds. .
To Nazis' By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE To Chicago Daily Ne-ws Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Iric. London, May 15.—“Hess’ flight is more serious for Germany than a lost battle would i be,” Dr; Her- ^ mann Rauschnigg, former Nazi president of Danzig and intimate personal friend of Rudolf Hess, said last night. “He was one of the great number of Germans who gave allegiance to Nazism because they were persuaded that it would lead Germany to better times. Among them hiS flight must cause questioning. His influence in the party’s inner circle was important and his flight means that the Nazis have suffered a damaging loss.” j “It is difficult to estimate the effect on the army,” he stated. “Certain officers looked to Hess as the ma:n who represented their ideals but there are plenty of others with wilder yiews just as there are moderates and extremists among the people at large,” he concluded. B. B. C; Lays It On' Taking its fine kid gloves right off, the B. B. C. sent thousands of pretty straightforward, unmincing words through the atmosphere yesterday from transmitters sufficiently strong to enable every man, woman and child in Germany with any kind of receiving set to hear what the British thought of the Hess flight and the kind of government of which he was, until a few days ago, an outstanding member. ' “We always knew your gang was a pretty rotten crew, corrupt and without solidarity. What has happened has confirmed the view we have had all along. We are not really interested in your -party squabbles. We are very glad to have your No. 3 in our hands'but we are not fooled into relaxing our bombing or our war effort generally. The German war machine has got to be smashed.” Keml er Will Publ ish Engineering Articles Prof. E. N. Kemler, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, will publish two articles in the May issue of Product Engineering, according to an announcement received from the ME school yesterday. One article entitled “Belt Drives with Idler Pulii^ys” giyes formulas for calculating the length of belts and arc of contact for drives having an idler pulley. The other article, “Log-Log Charts,” describes some simple methods of constructing charts which are used for making specialized or routine calculations, f.i.j..
Ochiltree, Traugott, Ruffner, Johnson, Rose, Powers Head New Senior Board Ned A. Ochiltree, ME ’42, of Oak Park, Illinois, yesterday was elected editor-in-chief of the 1941-42 Exponent. Ochiltree
PSE ’42, of Indianapolis, news editor. This year the two positions, editor and news editor, have been placed on an equal basis. Heading the business staff for 1941-42 will be Don S. Powers, Sci. ’42 of Indianapolis. Completing the senior editorial staff with Traugott and Ochiltree will be Leland W. Ruffner, ME ’42, of South Bend. Lee will serve as managing editor. ■ - ' other Seniors Co-ed editor is Ruth Rose, Sci. ’42, of Fort Wayne, and Phil C. Johnson, Ag. ’42, of Mooresville,
will be sports editor. \
Junior associate editors elected were: John Armstrong, John Amos, Don Brophy, Bob Hadley, Fred Jones, and Ed Keiper. Junior sports editors will be Ted Clark, Jim Frasier, and John Keeler. Three co-ed junior editors (making almost the
Closes This Evening
Approximately 200 directors of personnel work and industrial relations in business, "industry, and education attended the opening ses- ^ sions of the annual Institute yesterday in the Union. The two-day Institute will close this evening. Today’s program will begin at 9:30 a. m. in room 129 of the EE building with, discussion of “Defense Training” by Edward E. Greene, director of emergency training for the Arsenal Technical Schools in Indianapolis, Paul Rertz, district representative for the advisory commission to the Council of National Defense in Chicago, and Dr. Henry T. Heald, president of the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago. Prof. C. W. Beese, of the general engineering staff, will
preside.
General Hershey Speaks General Louis B. Hershey, from the national headquarters Selective Service System in Washington, will speak on “Selective Service” at the afternoon session, which will begin at 2 o’clock in Fowler Biall. Discussion leader will be Lt. Col. R. Hitchcock, state director for Indiana in the Selective Service System. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter will preside. Students are invited to attend this meeting. < The Institute will close with the annual dinner at 6 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. D’Alton D. Funnell, past president of the National Safety Council, will speak on “Labor Relations In a New'Day,” and Wallace O. Lee, vice-president of the Indianapolis Power and Light company in Indianapolis, will act as ' toastmaster, f.i.j. 'V . ' • Interfraternity ... President’s Council met at the Phi Kappa Sigma house last night for the election of officers. The following men were chosen to head the council for the coming year: Rex V. Mayfield. Beta Theta Pi, president; Robert Q. Gimlin, Delta Upsiion, vice-president; D. Gordon Peterson, Kappa Sigma, secretary and Walter H. Stanton, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, treasurer.
Mudball, the erstwhile mouse that has plagued the office this year, has haen named honorary editor-in-chief, with the main duty of being the editor’s friend. Mudball is represented by his interpreter Bob Ahlf, ChE ’42, Tell City, Ind. proper ratio, “3.93-1”) will be Mary ~ Boynton, Alice Chatfield, and Martha Jane Fox. Business staff juniors will be Ken Gjemre and Dick Saxton, advertising managers^ Bill Bell, circulation manager, and Bill Millard, accounts manager. Changes One change in offices was made for the 1941-42 year, other than the elevation of the news editor to equal standing with the editor, that being the elimination of one junior business manager. The new Exponent staff will take over the duties of their offices with tomorrow’s issue, jhmek PE Students Present Dance, Sports Shaw A demonstration of dance, sports, and tumbling, to which students, faculty, and townspeople are invited, will be presented next Wednesday evening'from 7:30 to 9 o’clock at the women’s gym, as announcefd today by the department of physical education for women. ' The pi’ogram will consist of infor-i mal ghmes, gymnastics, tumWingv folk dances, tap dancing, modem: dancing, and synchronized swim^ ming. The synchronized swimming will be in the form eff a water ballet, a fete which was presented by tbe Triton Club at the Galacade, The event is prepared primarilsr by students interested in teaching physical educatian, agisted by the" dance club and the Triton ; ming Club, and is open to everyosj^ there being no admission charge. jJ^l,
■ 'I' -.-.V I'2~£diiL
Friday, May 16, 1941
fijuAdu^ fxfuMutnt
In Gratitude
After iiearjy twelve months of laying our soul bare in public we’re at last ready to step aside and make way for a new staff. That is except for the one last editorial tomorrow introducing next year’s seniors. Throughout the year we’ve made many pleasant associations and we’re indebted to a great many people. Among these is Professor Howland of the Civil Engineering school for his advice and suggestions in our civic-mindedness campaign. Along the same line we want to thank Professor R. N. Shreve of the Chemical Engineering school for his answer to our “Dear Dad’ indictment last fall. And then there’s a whole host of people like Bob Ahlf (our own mudball) and John Willsey who have contributed indirectly to every issue by their inspiring huinor and mere presence in the office. We’ll not forget the direct help, either, of the contact men on the beat system. This has been a thankless job for these faculty men but not a forgotten one. We are mindful too of the encouragement and advice given by Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, Dean Potter, and Professor Hockema. And to the man who has been both an inspiration and an idol. Dr. Elliott, we can only say that we are fortunate to have lived in the shadow of a truly great man. Then there’s the faculty members of the board with whom it has been a real pleasure to work. We feel that we have made some real friends in Bill Bodden, Tommy Johnston, and Professor McKee. These are only a few of the many people we like to call friends of the Exponent. But to everyone we offer our sincerest gratitude. RWD
The 'Boss' Speaks
For the past year the business manager has been threatening to write an editorial. In this, the last paper put out by the present senior board, the threat has become a reality. It was to have been an even trade, the privilege of writing an editorial for the privilege of signing one batch of checks, and except for the fact that the bank might have objected that’s probably the way it would have been. That’s the way things have been all year—on a fifty-fifty basis. ' After its initial shock, the editorial staff, along with the long suffering sophomores and juniors on the business staff, has gone out of its way to cooperate and to humor the whims of the first “female” business manager. Until now they have had no way of knowing that their cooperation has been appreciated. This editorial is dedicated to Bob and Jim and Danny and Joe and Beth and all the members of the staff who have made what might have been a trying year one of the pleasantest in a very short lifetime. It is dedicated to Mr. Bodden whose tolerance and sparing advice have lent confidence without lebUaiiilng individuality. It is dedicated to the business sophomores and juniors whose friendly assistance have made possible a successful year on the business staff. I fthere is anything to be handed down to next year’s staff, let’s hope it will be the spirit of doing things together on the Exponent. Ye managing editor says that this is the limit for a first attempt (and he is boss in this case), so this is the 1941 business manager signing off. MH
Not Sentimental, But,..
Joein ’ ^Round By Peggy Howard
Tonight it’s Will Bradley and his Boogie Woogie rhythms in both ballrooms of the Union, The dance which is the annual spring formal of the Cary Clubbers and their dates will be open only to members and their dates. The Kappa’s and the Phi Gam’s will also be entertaining with spring dances at their respective chapter houses. Irv Given will play for the Phi Gam affair, while Bill Martin will play at the Kappa house. Tomorrow night there’s dances, dances, and more dances. In the South ballroom of the Union, Bernie Vance and his boys from Illinois will play at the Theta Xi-Sigma Nu spring dance. At the Alpha Chi Rho house a joe radio dance will get under way at two bells, while over on State street the Acacias will be dancing at their chapter house. In the West Faculty Lounge of the Union, Tau Epsilon Phi members will be dancing, and the Sigma Alpha Mu’s will entertain at their spring formal overtown in Allen’s ballroom. Then at the Pi K A house a spring formal will get under way tomorrow night with Paul Reedy and his band furnishing the music. Also there’s a Mixer in the North ballroom of the Union with Louis Lowe and his boys playing for the dance. But if you don’t feel like dancing don’t forget to go to the Cary Club show “Bojangles” over in Fowler Hall at 8 p. m. tomorrow night. They say it’ll be tough! Scientific Workers Meet Tomorrow, Coulter Hall The American Association of Scientific Workers will hold an open meeting tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall for the faculty, students and to.wnspeople. Prof. A. J. Cailson, head of the University of Chicago psysiology department, national president of the association, and past president of the American Association of University Professors, will address the meeting on “Aims and Functions of the Association; and Can Science Aid Mankind ” Dr. K. LarkHorovitz, head of the physics department, IS president of the University chapter of the association.
Mike Murphy To Take Part In Aviation Week Flying Show, May 25 Mike Murphy, well-known stunt flyer, will be the main acrobat in the Air Show to be held at the airport on Sunday afternoon. May 26. The show IS part of the Flying ClubGlider Club sponsored Aviation Week here at the University. To take part in the show, the Army is sending a squadron of Aircobras from Selfridge field, and the Navy has also promised to send planes, according to an announcement received recently. Murphy, m speaking of his part in ihe affair, said, “Anyone who wants to see the show will have to be inside the gate.” The Aviation Week activities will start on Saturday night. May 24, with a banquet followed by the Airport Dance from 9 to 12 o’clock. Prof. E. L. Kelly, of the department of education and applied psychology, will act as toastmaster for the banquet. Irv Given and his band will provide music for the dance, f.i.j. Lieutenant Graves Names Training Schooi Recruits Lieutenant E. D. Graves, United States Marine Corps recruiting official, after two days of interviewing and conduction of physical examinations on this campus announces that the following men have been selected for admittance to the Marine Officers Training School at Quantico, Va.; J. H. Papurca, T. H. Haidy, R. S. Habbets, and W. R. Miller. These men will report for training July 1. Otheis chosen to enter the October class were J. P. Dolan, R. Anderson, J. Q. Mueller, G. W. Comer, C. M. DeStefano, R. E. Britt, and H. F. Schaich.
The idea is not to be sentimental. It’s not Exponent policy. But there’s not even a good policy that doesn’t have an exception. And this morning there are six seniors on the campus that can’t look at today’s paper without a little catch in their throats and a peculiarly lost feeling. Because today brings the culmination of four years’ work on the activity that has meant more to them than any one single thing on the campus. Today we become members of the great number of ex-activ-ity people. But we’ll always remember every detail of Exponent work—from the time we were freshmen and the editor was almost a God through the strain of three elections. Two times we were the happiest people on the campus. This time we’re not so happy, but it’s still our Exponent elections and it gives us a feeling of gratification to know that we have the six good seniors who will do a better job than we have done. EAS
$10 Worth of Lessons tn Arthur Murray Dance Book " Generous Jar of Odorono Cream If the dencins instructions in this new Arthur Murray Dance Book were Kiven in his private studio it would cost SIO! See how easy it is to learn! And^ee how easy it is to hold your partner when you use ODORONO CREAM!
r~ I THE ODORONO CO., INC. I P. O. Box C, New York, N. Y. j Send me the new Arthur Murray Dance I Book and generous introductory jar of I ODORONO CREAM. I enclose 25i! to ■ cover printing, mailing and handling.
i Name—
i
j Address
I I
City-
-State-
ALAN’S Main Street at 4th
Beautii Salon
Do not neglect your hair and you won't look neglected!
SKILLED OPERATORS!
Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs Dial 4287
Wa Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi C>ntent of Our White Breads to Average 'Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmann's Hi-Bi Yeast
GRAVES QUALITY nii/mv DAI^tKI
.cMCEtWf,’Make J] BARBIZON I your Summer ^ Headquarters (1
New York’s Most Exclusive Hotel Residence For Young Women For the young woman who wants to launch on a career the day school closes . . . for the undergraduate planning to take summer courses ... or the vacationist who appreciates the added features of a New York holiday. The Barbizon, with its air of luxury living, its versatile program of cultural pursuits and physical activities provides the perfect background ... a complete library . . . art and music studios (equipped with Steinway Grands) . . . swimming pool, sun deck and solaria, squash courts . . . gymnasium ... 700 rooms each with a radio. TARIFF-*2.' ' per day ' From $12.00 per week Write for descriptive booklet C f \ —• Lexington Avenue at 63rd Street New York Oty
South of State By Dale Butz The Farm Management Club fish fry will be held this afternoon at the Rotary Camp. All interested are urged to meet at Agricultural Hall at 4 o’clock from where free transportation will be provided to the camp. Besides an ample supply of fish, the program will consist of stunts, games and a special yellow dog initiation. Tickets are thirty cents and may be obtained from farm management instructors or students.
Sfarts TOMORROW
Thrills you never knew existed . . . Happen right before your eyes!
SYLVIA BOGART • SIDNEY EDDIE I JOAN ALBERT • LESLIE — lastJ-imes today -
ARLEN
HELD OVER — TWO MORE DAYS
The Best Picture of — 1940 — REBECGII starring LAURENCE OUVIER JOAN FONTAINE
PLUS
Their FUNNIEST HIT!
the purdue exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Pubiished daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carried for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3 60.
Editor-in-Chief Business Manager
R. W. Donahue "Merle Hagemeyer
The annual agricultural chemistry outing will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock at Camp Ross. Features of the outing, a facultystudent get-together, will be stunts, a picnic supper and a ball game between the faculty and the seniors.
The forestry field day will be held tomorrow afternoon at the Cary Scout Camp. Buses will leave the Horticultural building at 1 and 1:30 o’clock. The program is quite varied, ranging from a tree climbing contest to a three-legged race. All foresters are urged to attend.
The annual freshman livestock judging contest Will be held tomorrow starting at 8 o’clock in the livestock judging pavilion. Some 46 freshmen will compete in the contest in which they place eight rings of livestock in the forenoon and then return in the afternoon to give reasons on the placing of four of
the classes. E. J. Barker, a noted livestock producer and judge will be the main speaker at the smoker to be held tomorrow night at the Alpha Gamma Rho Fraternity. Winners will be announced and awards presented at tomorrow night’s smoker. Robert King Leaves School To join Canadian Air Corp Early Tuesday morning a mysterious note was found in the Sigma Pi Fraternity House from Robert King. It was a note telling the boys not to worry about him, for he had left school and his home witjiout any warning whatsoever. Yesterday the mystery of his disappearance was cleared up by a telegram from Windsor, Ontario, saying that he had joined the Canadian Royal Air Force. King is one of several students who have left the University lately to join the C.R.A.F. d.w.o.
MIMA TODAY-SAT.—2 Hits
wifh WARREN WILLIAM also
ARC
A Columbia Pictura ■'7
— AND — urM^miU. lUlf EWni
OUiluWltmMl AiCUMlMT tnumo ACAWstuiWANM PLUS 'MYSTERIOUS DR. SATAN" Serial FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS
in his new comedy The Great DICTATOR with JACK OAKIE PAULETTE GODDARD^ "Ww
ipjujuluk £xpomni
Friday, May 16, 1941
An Irishman’s Illusions
By J<)seph Patrick Dolan A decade ago there was a Hoosier lad who lived near a printing shop over in the town of Lafayette. He played there, too, always seeing students from the big school across the river go in that shop after four o’clock, six days a week, and put out a newspaper titled the Purdue Exponent. That little Hoosier hick dreamed of the day when he might also be an editor on that little paper. —I-I— That same country - boy now wishes to thank Professor J. H. McKee, Bill Bodden, Tommy Johnson, and Dr. E. C, Elliott for assisting that childish dream to materialize a dream that today comes to an abrupt awakening, because college, like life, must have new faces appear—and old ones fade. I.I Phil Johnson, an energetic ag student, with a heart of gold, and the ambitions of twenty men, is that new face. Congrats, Phil, my boy. Go to it, but don’t bite off too much, and remember that your public is the bluntest, but most constructive critic to be found—you’ll find out. —I-I— Athletics can be compared to the troubled world of today, a world that last Christmas wore a wreath of thorns instead of holly, and whose rabbits of this Easter laid eggs that exploded killing, wounding, and terrifying thousands who don’t know what it’s all about. Just because they listened to the calamity howlers-! They couldn’t stick to their organization. —I-I— College students can do just that —or they can show that they possess the guts and intellectual fortitude that should depict the polished mind of the college man—especially a Purdue man. How easy it is to fall into the current of dissatis-
Alpha Chi Rho^s Set Pace In Interfrat Track Meet Alpha Chi Rho fraternity ran itself* into the lead at the half way mark in the annual interfraternity track and field meet, held last night in floss-Ade Stadium. Vern Rising, with a first in the pole vault and a second in the high hurdles, led the Russell Street house into a half point lead over the iDelta Tau Delta track team. Closely following the Delts in the half way standing was the eight and one-third point total piled up by the tracksters from Theta Chi fraternity. Good Marks
Track Baseball Teams Begin Action Today At Minnesota In Crucial Tilts
M Schedules
TENNIS Friday, May 16 4:15— Doubles—Alpha Tau Omega vs Lambda Chi Alpha or PI Kappa Alpha Doubles—Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Pi Singles—Alpha Tau Omega vs (Sigma Pi or Alpha Chi Rho)
CARY HALL TENNIS DOUBLES 4:16— Court 11 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 8 12 Caiy Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 6 13 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 3 14 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 9 16 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 4 16 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 16 17 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 ALL CAMPUS FRESHMEN Branner vs Lichtenberg Summers vs Eden Brower vs Wells Gardner vs Michels Pickering vs Christensen
BASEBALL Diamond 1 Ward 24 vs Ward 26
WARD TENNIS Friday, May 16 4:16— R E Lange vs W R Dudzinski W L Schalliol vs C W Hayward A. M. Olmsted vs R H DeardorfI B B Koschmann vs G C Sitz E W Mees vs J H Papurca I Crystal vs Kalbfleisch, J G. T L Liang vs J. J. Dudzinski faction and flow with it. How easy it is to listen to the calamity howlers and sing with them. -1-1- . For the past three seasons Purdue has tasted defeat on the field of major athletics, such as can’t be found m the retrospect of our generation. And not trying to cover up, I attest to the fact that there has been a spirit of defeatism trying to gain a half-nelson on many of us. —I-I— If my ratiocination (which is merely a high flown word for what I like to believe is thought) is correct, Purdue is bound for seasons of victory, but that victory will come with Purdue students’ determination to tell the calamity howlers to howl all they want—alone. Maybe at Chicago!
^l-TOtnow*
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc*
THE CASCADE «5-oo A 2-ounce hat by the famous LEE Water-Bloc process. The Cascade will wear longer because it takes three times as long to make. It’s reliable, foldable and super-serv-iceable. ' LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,” $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York —
U S PATENT OFF.
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new SPRING HATS Prices $3.50 to $5.00
•OOM/tlNSI.
UmiBSIHN)INC.
The-best marks made in the seven events run off last night were made in the 100 yard dash, the quarter mile, and the discus. Maloney, Phi Kappa Psi, sprinted the 100 yard dash in :10.2, Boot, Delta Tau Delta, took the discus with a 118 foot heave, and Carter, Theta Chi, won the quarter mile in :64.4, The j-emaining eight events, including the r/4lay, will be run off this afternooh at four o’clock in the stadium, j.d.f. Meet Summary: 100 yard dash—Maloney, Phi Kappa Psi, flist, McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi, second, Sumner, Alpha Gamma Rho, third. Time, .10 2. Mile run—Scheurell, Pi Kappa Alpha, first; Swager, Pi Kappa Phi, second, Boughan, Alpha Chi Rho, third, McCaslin, Theta Chi, fourth. Time, 4 57.0 440 yard dash—Carter, Theta Chi, first, Boydston, Delta Tau Delta, second, Livinghpuse," Alpha Tau Omega, third, Homer, Pi Kappa Alpha, fourth Time, .64 4 120 yard high hurdles—Jackson, Theta Xi, first, Rising, Alpha Chi Rho, second, Hites, Kappa Sigma, third, Johnson, Beta Theta Pi, fourth Time, .17 8. Shot Put—French, Delta Upsilon, first, Winchell, Beta Theta Pi, second, King, Sigma Nu, third, Lawson, Phi Kappa Psi, fourth Distance, 39 feet, 2 inches Discus—Root, Delta Tau Delta, first, Mulluns, Kappa Sigma, second, Parsons, Theta Chi, third; Claffey, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth Distance, 118 feet Pole Vault Rising, Alpha Chi Rho, first, Moore, Beta Theta Pi, Wanderlich, Delta Tau Delta, Slone, Kappa Delta Rho, and Eickhoff, Delta Upsilon, tied for second Height, 9 feet, 4 inches
Europe today is a mess of conglomerated conflicts, because its people don’t have academic and intellectual freedom; therefore, they follow the tide of least resistance— the apparent “reformers.” Let’s use our freedom of thought. Let’s not preach reform in coaching staffs and team personnel. Let’s get on their band-wagon, because two heads together are better than one against the other. —I-I— It’s too bad other countries don’t have time for physical combat on the athletic field instead of their infernal, insidious wars . . . wars that never have a winner, but just the side that’s left. _I.I_ And with that, this writer has his last illusion, and parts company with the sweetest and most co-op-erative girls he’s ever Ttnet, Merle Hagemeyer and Beth Simpson; and the grandest fellows he’s ever argued and collaborated with. Bob Donahue, Danny Heiple, and Jim McKee. But that Heiple is certainly stubborn (and uncircumlocutionary, too). “30” P. S. — God bless my copyreaders.
Twelve Riveters At Big Ten Track JiAeet Approximately ^00 athletes representing the schools of the Big Ten conference will gather today in Minneapolis’ giant University of Minnesota Stadium for the opening of the annual conference outdoor track and field meet. If the weather is anywhere near being favorable, a record breaking crowd is expected to jam their way into the stadium to witness the running of the meet which every year has proved to be one of-the nation’s outstanding track programs. Twelve Riveters Compete The Riveter track team, led by Coach Herman Phillips and captain Ed Holderman, left early yesterday morning for the Twin Cities where they will compete against the conference’s finest track material. Before leaving, Coach Phillips indicated that Holderman, holder of the Big Ten two mile crown, may be sent out for honors in the one mile run as well as attempting to defend his title in the longer race. Competing along with Holderman in the championships will be Carter and Britt, pole vault; Weber and Rankin, shot put and discus; Bancker and Gaulke, dashes; Anthony and Ten Eyck, quarter mile; Stanley and Jenstch, half mile; Kemp, mile; Rankin and Kron, hurdles; and Reeves, two mile. The University of Michigan, defending conference champs, will be out for their fifth consecutive crown and despite their loss to Indiana in the indoor meet, most experts are putting their chips on the Wolverines. Warren Breidenbach and Don Canham, last year’s winners in the quarter mile and high jump, will be counted on by Michigan to garner some valuable points in their specialties. PIA Schedules Last Tea Dance Saturday At Three The last of the regularly scheduled PIA tea dances will be held Saturday afternoon in the South ballroom of the Union between the hours of three and five-thirty. Members with their d^es will be admitted free upon presentation of their membership cards. Non-mem-bers will be charged ten cents admission. m.f.
ICE
CREAM
BARS
DAD'S
DRUMSTICK —
CREAMSICLE
PLACE
FUGICLE
DIXIE CUP
BROWN
GIANT
CHERIO
-
5c EACH
So Handy
Spcckll WITH OUR COMPLIAAENTS Beautiful Beige Faille Silk Cosmetic Kit 4 spacious compartments—Contrasting lining with flap ...will hold ALL your purse cos|tietics...Distinctive print isftb each dram or a sealed package of SUZANNE’S Secret de Suzanne Porfum at (1.50 per dram THE MOST TALKED OF PERFUME OF, THE YEAR
c&sd^
Ag Committees Give Fish Fry Today At 4 . Fish fry at Camp Rotary, located along the Tippecanoe River, has been arranged for this afternoon starting at 4 o’clock. The affair is open to all students and staff members interested. Farm Management and General Agriculture student committees, headed by John E. Walley, is sponsoring the fish fry. Tickets may be obtained from the office of Dr. Butz, or from Gene Snyder at a price of 36 cents. Transportation will be provided for all who wish to go. r.w.b. Outing Club Elects Five Officers; Ward, President Next year’s Outing Club officers were elected at a meeting of the club last Tuesday evening, the following being chosen: Marjorie Ward, president; Monica Buergler, vice president; Gail Hennis, secre-tary-treasurer; Opal Glagrave, WAA representative; and Ted Parker, representative-at-large. At the Mid-West College Outing Conference last week, at which Marjorie Ward and Ted Parker represented the local club, it was decided that one representative from each college having an outing club would serve on a board to make plans for state meetings. Gail Hennis will be the University’s representative. WBAA FRIDAY 11:00—“American Institutions” — Prof. Robert Phillips 11:50—Purdue News 12:00—Ag Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45-7-Markets 1:00—Drama of Food 1:15—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Grade School Program — Jessica Dragonette 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—“Principles of Sociology”— Prof. T. K. Noss 2:50—Script—Parade of Business 3:00—Special Musical — Jefferson High School 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Classics Matinee 4:30—Student-Faculty RoundTable 4:45—Story Book Hour 6:00—Concert Strings 6:30—Music of the Day Union Mixer . . . will feature the rhythms of Louie Lowe and his orchestra in the North ballroom of the Union tomorrow night. Lowe will play for the dancers from 9 to 12. The mixer price of one dollar will be charged as admission.
Billy Conn, heavyweight boxer scheduled to fight Champion Joe Louis on June 18, says that Louis never could take a punch and that he can’t punch anymore now. Conn “is happy to box Louis.” Fools rush in where .. .
Diamondmen Battle Fifth Place Gophers At Minnesota today for the first of a two game series against the Gophers, 16 members of the Riveter baseball squad will attempt to fan the spark ignited in their twin win over Northwestern last weekend. The Boilermakers, battling for a spot in the first division, have thus far lost but 7 games out of their total of 21 encounters. Gophers, Buckeyes In Tie For Fifth At the present time, Minnesota is in a fifth place tie with Ohio State, both teams having tallied victories in four out of their eight contests. In the games today and tomorrow, the Boilermakers are conceded an even chance of passing at least the Gophers since the squad is trailing by but one tilt. Versatile Riveter Don Blanken will start behind the mound in the opener today, while tomorrow’s tilt will probably see Johnny Emmert hurling. Coach Fehring on the whole IS expected to stand by the line-up which he used so successfully in the Wildcat dual triumphs. Leifheit Leads Batters Going into the series today will be four Riveter sluggers all well over the .300 mark in their batting average for the entire season. Young and Doherty each have .333 while Hairy McFerien is hanging by the skin of his teeth in the .400 league with a .403. Way out in front for the season is hurler Walt Leifheit with an excellent average of .467. After the games today and tomorrow there will remain but two more Big Ten encounters for the Riveters, both of which are'with Michigan here next weekend. These four tilts and the record made by the Buckeyes in their last few encounters will determine which of the three squads, Minnesota, 0. S. U. or the Riveters, will finish in the first division in the Big Ten race, j.s.k. SPORTS SHORTS By Ted Clark
Dizzy Dean, whose showing this season docs not indicate any improvement in the effectiveness of the old soupbone, may stay "witb the Cubs as a coach—at least, that Is the opinion of many of the nation’s sports writers. Jimmy Wilson, manager of the Bruins, intimates that Diz may be sent to the minors or released outright. —S-S— Zeke Bonura, a big chap who has sold his services to many clubs in the majors, is hopeful of returning to the big show, for he is pounding the ball at a lively clip .with the Minneapolis Brewers in the American Association. Bonura knows that he was cut adrift from the Giants, and other teams, because he was tested and found wanting in the fielding department. He took his relegation to the Brewers Very seriously and threatened to quit baseball forever if he couldn’t stay in the big time.
WE APPRECIATE YOUR RUSIHESS WHETHER IT RE lAUCH OR LITTLE
V fi h £If - ’SsmUfoL
Friday, May 16, 1941
Pu^duL £xpomnL
Blame British For Quieting Hess Stofies By William H. Stoneman SPECIAL RADIO To Chicagro Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, May 15.—Criticism of the way in which the whole Hess story has been handled by the British authorities was voiced in many quarters today. In the first place, the Germans were allowed to break the news of Hess’ disappearance. Then, after his landing here was officially announced they were allowed to develop and spread their story that Hess was a victim of hallucinations who was obsessed by the idea that Germany and Great Britain would both be overrun by Communism if they fought the present war to a finish. The Duke of Hamilton’s connection with the story was known to every newspaperman in Britain but, except for. one case where the censor slipped up, nobody was allowed to report it until after the Germans had elaborated upon it yesterday. Keep Germans Guessing In refusing to provide more news of Hess, the British authorities apparently feel that it will not do any harm to keep the Germans guessing in regard to his exact behavior and what he is saying when he does any ta!lking. It is assumed that now as on so many other occasions in the past Churchill himself will act as sort of official newspaper by announcing what he thinks the world should know in the House of Commons. Churchill already has scored more scoops that any newspaperman covering the war although he himself has been scooped repeatedly by German Propoganda Minister Dr. Jo^ seph Goebbels. Discrediting Hitler? One of the mysteries of Germany’s propaganda regarding the affair is the charge that Hess has been consulting soothsayers, crys-tal-gazers and astrologists. Since Hitler himself is one of the most notoi’ious followers of astrology in the world, this looks as though somebody, very possibly Goebbels, is seizing upon the occasion to discredit the Fuehi’er himself. Not-ice Nine holes of the new University golf course will be opened for student play Saturday morning. Students may obtain tickets for the nine for 25 cents upon presentation of passports at the ticket office or at the first tee.
Indiana Foremen’s (Continued from page 1) least two speakers. Kane’s address will close the conference. Discussion Topics Topics for discussion at the departmental sessions are: “The Safety Work of the Foreman in our National Defense,” “Apprenticeship and How It Functions,” “The How of Human Relations,” “The Foreman and Methods,” “Job Training,” “Job Rating,” “Fitting the Defense Program to Industrial Legislation,” “The Foreman as a Teacher in National Defense,” “Helps and Aids for Foremen,” and “Problems of Women Supervisors.” Prof. M. F. Stigers, of the division of education and applied psychology, will act as general chairman of the Institute, d.t.b. Wesley Foundation Holds Annual Retreat Sunday Members of the Wesley Foundation will hold their annual retreat this Sunady, May 18th, at the Battle Grounds. The program will consist of a worship service and a business meeting in the morning, Sunday dinner, and softball and other recreation in the afternoon. Transportation will be provided for those attending. The cars will leave the' Foundation House on State Street at 8:30 Sunday morning, and return at 4:00 in the afternoon. All Purdue students are invited, j.g.p. Tickets For Stage, Stump, Studio Dinner Go On Sale , All students who have done work in Playshop, Forensic, or WBAA may buy tickets for the 11th annual Stage, Stump, and Studio Banquet to be held on May 22 at Lincoln Lodge. Tickets for this banquet will be 65 cents and may be secured before 4 p. m.. May 20, at the WBAA studios, Fowler Hall, or from Joyce Burnham, Janette Morehouse, or Jo Stong. Awards from each of the three activities will be made during the dinner.
Notices
Horseback Riders: WAA points can be earned by horseback ridingf. Ten points will be given for each ride, although not over 100 points can be obtained in ' one season. In order to earn points, it is necessary to sign up in the saddle room of the Riding Stables, —REDWINE.
Pi Tau Sigma: Place.^orde'rs for 8 x 10 composite photo of senior members of Pi , Tau Sigma with Hanson, Grise, Woolverton or Wist by Friday noon. May 16. Price is 60 cents. —WIST.
AIChE Picnickers: Members who intend to go on picnic sign list in the chemical engineering office before Tuesday, May 20. The picnic will be held Wednesday, May 21, at the fairgrounds. —MASSEY.
Scriveners: All active members desiring to attend the annual banquet Saturday, May 17, must make reservations With Art McTaggart on or before Thursday evening. Gail 61671 after 7 p. m. Wednesday 'Thursday evening. No reservations will accepted after Thursday. , —McTAGGART.
Junior Military Students i-Uniform allowance is ready for payment' at cashier’s office in Executive Building. Have your passports with you. —BROWN.
from Jo Stong by Ti'uesday, May 20.
—MOREHOUSE.
All Debaters and Forensic Managers: Get your invitations and tickets for Stage, Stump, and Studio Banquet from the Speech Office or Janet Morehouse by Tuesday, May
-MOREHOUSE.
Gol ' ^
Gold
Frii
All Military Basic Student: Freshmen and sophomore uniforms must be turned in on X-hours beginning 2 p. m. May 13 for 3rd and 4th Regiments, and beginning 9 a. m. May 16th for 1st and 2nd Regi- • ments. Batteries will be formed and instructions issued before taking uniforms to supply department. See schedule posted on bulletin board in Armory. —BROWN.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Time of initiation and election of officers changed to Monday, May 19, at 7 p. m. in the Chemistry Building. Be prepared to pay initiation fee. —ALEXANDER.
Freshman Camp Counselors: We will meet at Prof. Graves’ home at 227 S. Grant St. at 7:30, May 19, for instructions. Old campers invited. —SCHALLIOL.
Reamers: Elections will be held at regular meeting Monday, May 19, at 7:16 in room 304 of Union. All members please be present. —BOHLIN.
Pistol Team: Banquet Thursday, May 22, in the old Chestnut room of Union at 6 p. m. Please sign up with Lt. Brown in the supply room of Armory. —SCHMIDT.
Catalyst Club: Final picnic Monday, May 19. Sign list in Dr. Lovell’s office before noon Saturday, May 17. —YODER.
EE Seniors: All seniors with cars who can drive to senior picnic at Ross Camp, May 24, sign up on list on main bulletin board in EE building. —AULL. Religious Council Peace Committee: Last business meeting of year at 4 p. m., Friday, May 16th, in room 68 of the Union. —MOFFET.
’eppers: Important meeting of all 'eppers in the Sweet Shop, 4 p. m.
Please be there,
—SCARFF.
Newman Club: An important meeting will be held in room 302 of the Union at 4:16, Friday, May 16. Committee chairmen will be elected,
—BROCK.
Alpha Phi Omega: Picnic and party for seniors and other actives Sunday, May 18. Meet in Swedish Lounge (268) of the Union at 4:30 p. m. Transportation and food provided for. R.S.V.P. Call C. G. Smith (2648) for reservations. —SIGLER.
Change of Schools: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the registrar’s office. —STONE. / WAA Archers: Archery tournament will be at 4 p. m. every evening this week. All tourney shooting must be finished by Tuesday, May 20.
Fraternity^ Affairs Office Sophomores: Report at 4 p. m. every day for the remainder of semester. —JACOBSON.
All WBAA Staff: Get your invitations and tickets at the WBAA Studios or from Joyce Burnham by Tuesday, May 20. —MOREHOUSE.
Alpha Phi Omega: The Tee shirts have arrived. Please see or call Schalliol (66062) for yours. (6-19) —SIGLER.
Purdue Wheelmen: Ride Sunday, May 18 at 2:30. Meet in front of Executive Building. Bring 26 cents for picnic. Everyone invited. —VANDERBILT.
All Playshop People: Get your invitations and tickets for the Stage, Stump, Studio banquet at the Playshop office or
Alpha Phi Omega; Executive Committee meeting of new officers at 8 p. m. Tuesday, May 20, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —SIGLER.
Radio Club; Meeting Tuesday, May 20, in room 134 EE building. P. H. Reedy will speak on "Recording.” Everyone is invited. —FREED. PIA Board Members: Collect personal belongings from PIA files before Monday, May 19, —FOX.
Fraternity Affairs Office: Petitions for junior jobs due Friday, May 16 at 6 p. m. Petitions for senior job due Sunday, May 18 at 6 p. m. —JACOBSON. Tau Beta Pi: Meeting for election postponed, until Monday, May 19, at 7:30 p. m. in Union. —MONTGOMERY.
AIChE Members: Those who intend to attend the Chicago meeting Monday, May 19, sign up and pay the $1.60 transportation cost in. Professor Shreve’s office before Saturday. The group will leave the chemical and metallurgical engineering building at 6 a. m.'Monday morning. —MASSEY.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in room 366 of the Union, Monday, May 19, at 6:30. —SAMS.
Cadet Officer Staff Members: Return sabers to supply room in the Armory immediately. —BROWN,
Seniors! Have your appearance tops for your coming business interviews!
Phone 30S5
American
Sanitone Cleaning will add an extra touch of self-reliance to your
personality.
Phone for Pick-Up!
Classified Ads
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. G. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St, Phone, 2779,
1132 NORTHWESTERN
LATEST SHEET MOSIC HITS
Intermezzo—Provost—Piano
Intermezzo—Provost—Vocal 50
50
G'bye Now
35
50
Maria Elena
35
60
Walkin' By the River
35
POPOEAR EOEEOS
Andrews Sisters Rhythm Song Folio 50 Feist 1941 Song Folio 50 Gem Dance Folio 50 Hollywood Song Folio No. 2 50
Rainbow Album of Popular Songs.. .50 Sixth Select Dance Folio 50 Sixth Paramount Song Folio 50 Songs Made Famous by Bing Crosby 50
BOORS ABOOT MUSIC Music for Fun—Spaeth $2.00 Victor Book of the Opera $2.00 The Fairyland of Opera— Book of Musical Knowledge 1.89 Pleasanton 2.00 ,, j . Of Men and Music— Victor Book of the Symphony.... 2.00 Taylor 2.50
in the McLean Music Co. 514 Main St
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
PURDUE EXCELS IN ATHLETICS HOMOGENIZED MILK EXCELS IN DIETETICS Try our delicious, wholesome dairy products— Promptly delivered to you by Courteous Drivers. SUNSHINE FARMS Phone 5015