^ SPORTS Harriers Renew lU Rivalry Tomorrow
‘ ^ ’vf " - ' '/'a ! '' d'-''^ '' Si's#;
Yi‘iHifcMilirHHl»i|llliii
W< Seem T«.|i«^'^ *< Forgotten HIS Re^ml
Volume 53, No. 29
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, October 10,1041
3 000 See Hubbard Novelty Mixer Coed Rush Closes Fi r^t Movie To Attract Jail Tonight; Girls Will
® Afternoon At Convo Birds Tomorrow Sign Preferences
Convocation - Big Audience Receives Films With Enthusiasm
Priest To Relate Tales; Show Films Of Alaska Relating experiences from his
Arrests and sentencing will be held over the heads of the dancers who attend the Novelty Jail dance in the tJnion tomorrow. This original idea for a mixer will allow a
Pledging Invitations Distributed Tomorrow Following the formal dinners at
Cary Clubbers Will Dance In Both Ballrooms Tonight
tion, the Rev. Bernard J. Hubbard will speak at the. second regular
By Gordy Hoffman
First of a weekly series of Thurs-
day afternoon movies was enthusi- UnJveTslty cTnvoca'tiorat sl'
aStically received by three thousand students yesterday afternoon in the
M'usic Hall. The movies, which were The famous Glacier Priest, a ge-
historicl^ourteenth Alaskan expedi- special dance committee to arrest sorority houses tonight, coed
any couples on the floor for infractions of laws at the dance. A judge will preside and pass sqntence on
the culprits.
Music will be furnished by Bob
rush will be brought to a close with a meeting of all rushees at 8:20 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. After receiving preliminary instructions from Dean Stratton and Lawyer Street, the girls will
Papers
free to all students producing a ologist at Santa Clara University, Roderick and his band. This musi- ^ preference for ulede-inp-passport, consisted of several short retdtned last year from a 2000- cal group is from the University of ® ^ •„ . ! Pledging, features. arctic trip made ih an Eskimo Illinois and features a vocal trio Each girl will sign four preferA P f cjmifh nn aero- ooii^iiak, an old fashioned canoe and a sweet and mellow reed sec- ^’’ces -vfliich wifl be matched with nniit.pr wn<5 UiP most uouular short natives Of King island off tion. The band is comparatively new preference lists fiom the sorornn the nrotrram Denictinff the dil- Alaska. The voyage on the campus, but the use of the m order to make up the final o nf n stiiHpiit iin for his first longest ever made with reed section has made him a popu- Pledge lists. In addition to her preffl^M it became hilarious when the propulsion, as well as the lar favorite at other university erences,^ each rushee must indicate
sludent got the stick caught in his
pants leg.
World Series Shown
Highpoints of the first game between the Yanks and Dodgers were shown in the newsreel, which included closeups of the brawny candidates for this year’s “Mr. Ameri-
ca” contest.
longest ever made in an oomiak. Years of arctic travels and association with Eskimo tribes have given Father Hubbard many varied experiences and a thorough knowledge of the history and customs
of the Eskimoes.
be by passports and season tickets.
„ Other tickets may be obtained at Men of the FBI, a March of regular price of Time feature, explained the train- fifty.flye cents, w.e.r.
ing and experience necessary to become a Federal Agent, and followed the FBI through the steps taken to solve and prevent crimes. J. Edgar Hoover, director of the Bureau of Investigation, explained that the FBI was the first line of defense for
an internal attack.
Flycasting In Technicolor
daAces.
Oh, Woe, Those Bars
The drop will constantly remind the dancers of the penalties of breaking the laws. A jail with the conventional barred windows and other characteristics will decorate
Admission to the convocation will the section behind the band. It de-
picts the jail from the outside; so the couples may still have a chance escaping the clutches of the law. Price for this novelty dance will be one dollar and the regular mixer hours fron^ 9-12 will prevail, w.s.
Chinese To Celebrate Anniversary Tonight
In commemoration of the 30th anniversary of the founding of the
Technicolor was used to show the Republic of China, the Chinese stusecrets of flycasting in another dents of the Univm'sity will present short. Filmed in the beautiful Sier- n program of moving pictuies taken ras, the film starred the woidd’s in China tonight at 7 p. m. in the champion flycaster. west faculty loung of the Union. Concluding short featured Henry President E. C. Elliott is scheduled Busse and his shuffle rhythm. Busse following the showing of ting, p.g.h.
and his band played his famous pictures.
theme, “Hot Lips,” “On the Sante This meeting will be held in obFe Trail,” and “Huckleberry Duck.” scrvance of Chinese “National
Day,” today. Though, in Chjpa, the holiday has heretofore been celebrated as a gay and colorful festival, it has now become a patriotic observance due to the influence of the “incident” in China, g.w.b.
Senior Pictures Seniors who have not yet,had
their Debris pictures taken should make arrangements either today or tomorrow at the Debris office in the Union to have the picture taken tomorrow afternoon between 1 and 4. If pictures are not taken by then, the senior must travel to Indianapolis at his own expense for a sit-
Plan Future Convos Future Thursday programs will be similar but will include travelogues and “Crime Doesn’t Pay” shorts. If student interest continues, the movies will become a regular weekly featui’e, it was announced by the committee on lectures and convocations, which sponsors this
program.
The movies run continuously from 3 to 6 p. m. with three complete showings in this time. Next week’s program will include Freddie Mar-
Wesley Foundation Plans Annual Party, Week-End Retreat
Pistol Team To Hold First Tryouts Oct. 73 Tryouts and the first practice session for the varsity pistol team will be held Monday, Oct. 13, at 4 p. m.
Annual party for new Methodist students tonight and the fall retreat at Battle Ground tomorrow assure a full week-end for the Wesley Foundation and Methodist stu-
dents.
All Methodist freshmen and transfer students are invited by the Foundation to be guests at the an-
tin’s orchestra, news, “Eyes of the in the Armory. The team will con- P^i'Iy- This year’s party, with jng the industry.
where she may be reached until 11 p. m. tonight in case any difficulty
arises.
Invitations for pledging will be distributed to girls living in the Residence Halls by noon tomorrow, while town girls will call for them in the panhellcnic office in the Union between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. All acceptances must be returned to the panhellenic office by 2 p, m. tomorrow. Formal pledging will take place in the sorority houses after three p. m. tomorrow, r.h.r. Dean Potter To Speak Before Foundryman's Conference Oct. 16-17 “Foundry Problems in National Defense” will be the keynote of the Joint Regional Foundry Conference to be held at the University Oct. 17-18. Heavy demands for castings and severe shortages of raw materials brought about by national defense piograms are imposing many problems on the foundry industry, and it is the purpose of this conference to discuss these problems.
Joint Chapter Dinner
Meetings of the various divisions of the industiy will take place during the two-day in'-f'rval. A joint chapter dinner will be tne highlight of the piogram. Dr. A. A. Potter, dean of All-Engineering, will make a speech of welcome to the assembled foundrymen. Other addresses will be made by men of the industiy on peitinent issues diiectly affect-
Johnson Pays Tribute
To American
At Kiwanis Meeting Kiwanis Club meeting yesterday was dedicated to national newsl^per week, featuring T. R. Johnston, director of University publicity, as principal speaker. Johnston paid tribute to the newspapers of the United States for the confidence which they have gained from the people, and for “so successfully playing the vital role in keeping Americans the best informed people of the world.”
Keep Press Free
He also stated that it was the duty of every citizen to see that the American press is kept free from following the trends taken by the press in other countries where newspapers are used as propaganda instruments by their governments. In pointing out social and intellectual progress caused by the rapidity with which news now travels, Johnston said, “The invention of the printing press in the fifteenth century really marked the awakening of the civilized peoples of the world and caused them to start their intellectual march on the road of progress.”
First Hall Guest Dance Will Feature Bob Barnes' Orchestra From 9 To 12 Tonight the men of Cary Club will hold their first big dance of the year to the music of Bob Barnes. This year the dance, which is to be held from 9 to 12 in both ballrooms of the Union, will not b^ entirely closed as in previous years, but will be open to students who have obtained bids through various campus activities. Bob Barnes who is becoming increasingly popular on the campus according to Bob Brewster, social chairman of the Halls, will feature Ansiabelle Alexander as vocalist. Barnes and his band have broadcast from a Fort Wayne station and this summer played an engagement at Lake James near
Angola.
Back-Drop Features “Fall” This year the back-drop will feature “fall” as a theme with a girl and a boy standing before'the Halls, which are surrounded by the varied colors of fall, d.w.o. Bob Barnes
— 'Adequate Nutrition
Fraternities To Give i -i ■ i a r r n XL- u/ I Available On Farms
Dances This Week;
OfferVaried Themes Thurman Rice
Three campus social fraternities Farm people have right on their will fete their non“-initiates at to the veiT things they need
News of the early wars of Greece, pledge dances this week-end, fea- furnish them with adequate nuhe pointed out, was carried and re- turing a “Baby Bawl,” a Barn ^.nd there is no need for layed by human runnels, while only Dance, and another dance with an complexness and unnecessary a short time ago the world had undisclosed theme. confusion” with which this importcomplete news coverage on the gj pj house'will stage ^n^t subject is often discussed. Dr. Greek-Axis war a very few hours ^heir annual pledge Barn Dance to- Thurman B. Rice, of the Indiana
after the developments took place, ^j^ht g.jg at the house. Irv
Navy,” and a short on the British
RAF.
Harold A. Bolz Developes New Log Gear-Train Chart'
tinue to meet on Monday evenings until the close of novice pistol tiyouts, which arc now being held each afternoon except Mondays and Sat-
uidays.
Pistol has been a minor sport on the campus for several years. Last year the team woh 21 out of* 23 matches and over a period of 10 years it has won 4 of the Field Artillery ROTO .22 calibre pistol contests. d,w.o.
Prof. Harold A. Bolz, of the School of Mechanical Engineering, recently originated a log-log chart to be used in the solution of epicyclic - gear - train problems. The chart appeared in the September
issue of Product Engineering. ’ , f. By means of the chart, the ve- CeClIia SchUCk
locity of any epicyclic-gear-train can be determined with the number of teeth in each gear shown. It also can be used in determining the number of teeth that will produce a desired speed ratio in any of the commonly used trains, w.e.i.
... of the Home Economics School, spoke on “Nutrition and Defense” at a meeting of the women’s auxiliary of the American Medical Association of Lake County yester-
day at Hammond.
football as a theme, will start at 8:16 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. Decorations will be centcicd upon the football theme, and the evening’s entertainment has also been
planned to carry out this idea. Chairman For The Party
Burlyn Michel of the Foundation is serving as general chaiiman for the party. He has been assisted by Treva Davis, Mary Both Dayhuff, Greg Hartley, Emma Lizenby, Mai - shall Mohler, Ruth Morrison, Es-
ther Steele and Betty West.
Foundation members and friends will journey to Battle Giound tomorrow for the annual fall over-
night retreat. Tiansportation will .
bo iurnished in cars which will leave
Those attending will be from central Indiana and Michigan; the meeting is to be sponsored by the American Foundrymen’s Association and the University, w.s. Glee Club To Launch WBAA Music Series This aftdrnoon at 4:30 over station WBAA the University Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will present the first in a series of fifteen minute bioadcasts by each of the four campus musical
Beveridge Contest
Will Start Tuesday; Entries Due Monday Fifteenth annual Albert J. Beveridge speech contest will go into its opening session next Tuesday at 4 p. m. in loom 386 of the Union. Entries for the contest must be made before 5 p. m. Monday, in room 386 of the Union. After the initial contest on Tuesday, seven of the contestants will be chosen to compete in the finals which will be
held on Tuesday, Oct. 21.
All freshman men, organized or
independent, are eligible for parti- nounced. Budge Burn and his Wacipation in the contest, and each bash Ambassadors will provide lulwill have a chance of winning the ^^bies fiom 9-12 for the juvenile coveted Hay’s cup, trophy awarded levers, to fiist place winner. This trophy Kappa Sig Pledge Dance
Given wil^ play, and the evening will be highlighted by a broadcast over WBAA from 9:30-10, directly from the Sig Pi parlor. Front Yard To Imitate Barn The front yard will be decorated to look like a barn, with a pair of calves and other standard farm equipment lending atmosphere. Inside, the house will be made to represent a hayloft with horse collars, hay, etc., strewn about. The Sigma Pi’s promise that everything will lend to the barn-like setting—ex-
cept the smell.
The “Baby Bawl” will take place in the Sigma Alpha Epsilon house tomorrow night when the adoption of thirteen now “babies” will be an-
Spaghetti Creates Gastronomic Gymnastics With Union Diners
the Foundation home at 116 Sheetz St. at 6 p. m. Chaperones For Retreat Rev. and Mrs. Balsley will act as chapel ones for the retreat for which there will be a 50 cent charge that includes both room and board. Coeds going on the trip must sign out of their respective houses by
The piogram will open with the theme song “Back 1«) Old Purdue,” followed by “The Star,” by Rogers. The next composition will be “Mighty Like a Rose,” by Nevin, featuring Marvin Smith, tenor soloist. “The Animals A’ Cornin’,” arranged by Bartholomew and “Love’s Old Sweet Song” will be sung by William Kennedy, baritone soloist.
then becomes a permanent possession of the recipient. Ankeny Cup To Organization The organization which garners most points collectively will receive the Ankeny cup, holdover from the time when this affair was known as the Ankeny Contest. Permanent possession of this cup may be obtained by any organization winning it for three consecutive years. Speeches may be given on any subject the contestant may choose, but a time limit of five minutes will be imposed. Information pertaining to the various subjects will be on reserve in the reference room of the
Maury Mahn will furnish the music at the annual Kappa Sigma pledge dance tomorrow niglit from 9-12 in the local chapter house. Kappa Sig pledges have developed a theme and decorations for the affair which they have kept secret up to the present time. The dance will be open only to members and pledges of that fraternity, w.g.h. Vogler Addresses Phi Lambda Upsilon W. E. Vogler, University direc-
State Board of Health, informed University agricultural and home' economics extension workers meeting at the Agricultural Extension Workers Conference yesterday.
Sectional Meetings
The morning session of the conference, which was presided over by State 4-H Leader H. F. Ainsworth, included sectional meetings of home economics, agricultural and institute speakers staffs, which followed the main address by Dr. Edmund Brunner of Columbia Uni-
versity.
In the afternoon Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of home demonstration agents, presided over the session. This meeting was closed with the speech giving by Dr. Rice. Conference Closes Today Last night the county agricultural agents’ held a meeting. The week long conference will be concluded this noon when Dean of Agriculture H. J. Ree4 will speak to the members ofl the “Road
Ahead.” d.w.o.
Indiana FFA Members Will Receive Degrees Accoiding to the announcement made yesterday by Prof. K. W. Kiltz, of the division of education and applied psychology, Indiana’s^ chapters of the Future Farmers <rf America will have two candidates for the “American Farmer” degree when the national FFA convention is held at Kansas City, Missouri.
By Jane Ramsdell Wrap it around the fork, hull it toward your mouth and then clean the remains out of your car. Now you’ve had your first lesson in the proper technique of eating the real Italian spaghetti, and you know how the usually complaeent diners of the Union cafeteria felt last Wednesday. This is to be a weekly occurrence; so get leady to tie your napkin secuicly under your chin
and dig in.
“Sandy” Foimica, freshman in the Ag school, is the cause of all
had been brewing for three hours, he modestly admitted that the Biqkford restaurants, one of the largest chains of New York, had had the pleasuie of his sei vices as bus boy, dishwashei, and cook; but it was not there that ho learned to prepare this rare delicacy. “Sandy” acquired the ait fiom a first hand source in his own home. This was his first attempt to prepare the dish in such a large quantity, although he had previously treated his housemates.
using the regular out-of-town sign The last song on the program will
out privileges. All students going must register at the Foundation by 10 tomorrow moining so that the required lists can be given to the Dean of Men and Dean of Women. A ghost walk tomoirow evening and a pie-breakfast address at 6:30 Sunday moining by Rev. Balsley will feature the retreat, p.g.h.
be the “Pilgiim’s Song,” by Tschaikowski. j.a.g. Sophomore Tickets Available Monday
gymnastics. Standing over the hot Just The Beginning
stove for four hours, he subtly combined ingredients which produced the rare flavor of this tasty national
dish.
From Sunny Italy
Wednesday was just the beginning of the queer odors which will waft weekly from thei counter of the cafteria in the next year. It is the intention of Miss Nugent, man-
Sophomoies may call for reset ved seats in the sophomore section foi the Iowa and Michigan State football games next Monday and Tuesday, October 13-14, according to Ticket Manager C. S. Doan. Fieshman may obtain tickets Wednesday and Thursday, October 15-
After a week’s postjjonement, 16. Reseived .seat coupons will be the Christian Foundation will hold exchanged for passport coupons its annual Fall Roundup tomorrow properly signed by the owner, afteinoon. Block oideis for tickets will be Rain last Saturday caused the honored if the combined coupons postponement, but duiiiig this past are exchanged by owners in the
Foundafion Holds Annual Fall Round-Up Saturday
While wrestling with the twelve ager of the food department of the week provisions have been made for same class, Doan stated. When pounds of spaghetti, “Sandy” in- Union, to feature a vaiiety of na- a bigger and better Roundup. The block oiders aie presented by memformed us that he began life in tive dishes from foreign countries, group will leave the Foundation bers of different classes the date sunny Italy on the Isle of Sicily, providing she can find other stu- House, 131 South Grant, at one p. that the coupons are exchanged but now lives in New York City, the dents willing to serve in the capac- m. for the Rotary Camp. Eveiyone wil be that of the lowest classificaBronx. As he stirred the sauce that ity as cooks. is invited, h.e. tion. j.a.g.
library, oi may be taken fri^m any tor of personnel, addressed an open souice at the student’s disposal. It meeting of Phi Lambda Upsilon,
was announced that students may chemistry honoraiy, last night at October 20. obtain further information on the 7:30 speaking on the subject, “Your Prof. Kiltz, who is state FFA adcontest from house debate manag- Job in the Emergency.” This was visor, stated that the Hoosier cafteis, or from the office of the Uni- the first of a seiies of talks on the didates would be Gerald Morgan of
general subject, “Your Job as a Perrysville and Irvin Schenk'* of Chemist or Chemical Engineer in Evansville. They have been seIndustry,” sponsored by Phi Lamb- lected for the “American Farmer** da Upsilon. degree, highest award made by the Many Years Experience oiganization, because of their outThe speaker, having had many standing agricultural achievement* years of personnel service experi- and their distinguished work olii ence, stressed particularly the im- faim practice projects, a.p.h.
portance of being able to work with others. He cited the example of one film’s request for men not only of technical ability but also of an understanding of working with peo-
ple. This point was emphasized be- the selection of equipment, p^artiou.cause, he explained, the college larly the factois which enter into
men tickets are 20 c7nts"anrfrLT- P^duates who go into industry will, the total cost and purchasing of,, men will be admitted free, j.a.g. TT’ common equipment has been published in
, laboiei's, but supervisors and fore- the August and September issues of
. , , men. Industrial Power by Prof. Emory ArlUSIC Room I" closing, he named some of the Kemler, of the school of Tirtecb*»»cn!
essential qualifications of a good engineering.
. . . will piesent the initial pro- workman: common sense, under- Subsequent aiticles nfill gram of the 1941-42 season Sunday, standing of the other man’s point the selection of specific Oct. 19, at 3 p. m. The University of view, sense of purpose, and will- 'equipment and will appear m suBp choir will be featured under the di- ingness and even eagerness to work ceeding issues of the magai^L rcction of Albert P. Stewart. at menial tasks, g.w.b. w.e.r.
versity debate manager, room 386
in the Union, w.g.h.
Fifty Ag Education Society Members Reelect Officers Fifty membeis were present at the first meeting of the Agricultural Education Society last night. Last year’s officers were leelected unanimously, and Ed Brown, Dale Miller, L. Wright, and Ed Huffman were elected to the board. A motion was carried for a picnic to be held on the WAA grounds Wednesday, Oct. 15, at 4:30 p. m. Uppei-class-
Professor Kemler Wigitef Industrial Power ArtiekM A series of articles dealing with
Ji mil^e Seem To Have For^tten
are examilled ^ c'lesely, tHe picture IS
is not so, gliitterlftgv.’^ ■ iL/UlBo ^
3i®ice'the begmmiig of the war in Europe, sa;lutmg the swastikay.and their, leaders are wluie fhe totaf aim-aft: ou^^ s&n department»has written-& a^ 1 • --*,1— 1.--- 1—;_ M-i 1-^.1 J.. _-i-..1.-1. ji j!-- 1 4.-u„ 'aaWncihgy this prod'ue- -- - -- -
i0>. ‘ r
the people of this country have been busy arguing and quibbling over national and interhatiohal questions. We’ve argued so vigorously over conscription, aid to Britain, Hitler’s fhreat to America, neutrality, convoying, and racial sentiment that we seem to have forgotten what started the second World War. On September I, 1939, barely more than two years ago. Hitler invaded Poland, and during April, May, and June of 1940 the Nazis rolled, through Denmark, Norway, Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg. It wasn’t long until Petain accepted the German terms of peace. A year later Hitler conquered Yugoslavia and Greece in 26 days, and then on June 22 he turned on.his ally, Russia. It is evident that one man, Adolf Hitler, has been the cause of the destruction in Europe. At Munich his wishes were granted in the hope he might be kept quiet. Time after time he has signed treaties with countries, only to break them when they were no longer of use to him. He has argued that he seeks no quari'el with any nation, yet he has always been the aggressor, attacking when least suspected. Now Adolf is engaged in butchering those that object to his rule. We have been so busy with our own interests that we forget
these significant details.
Isolationists and appeasers in this country argue that the Nazis seek no quarrel with us. European states that felt secure, .while Hitler secretly prepared for an invasion,- are- now
either dead or scheduled for hanging in the generally 'au-vanciiiKy tma pxuuu,.. “Mbdern Hottbrs’’ which ap near future. The Nazi-officials would- like is chiefly in trainers,^ pursuit pg^red in the September issue of nothing better than |to preside at the confer- garv foraeria^wLfL^^but northe Magazine. It deals with the oncp tnhlp in W-mhiriP-tnTi In fact Hitler said ^ a rpu ® pitfalls encountered in Selecting ence table in Washington. In tact. Hitler said immediate pressing need The urg- household furnishings in the mod-
when he was first photographed ■ on hrench ent-requirements is-bombersy parsoil, “Take this one, Hoffman; then the next ticularly four motor, long-rauge
one in Buckingham Palace, and the next in bombers.; ,
In this type-of warplane, U. S. output is still not far beyond the starting-scratch stage. To date, tye have ’ never produced more than twenty “Flying Fortress'
F; hGoljd^i^
... assistant dean of men at, th4 University, .has.'be6il,nartied.i adviseij to students fropi other lan.(ls,,;it .Wa^ announced last ‘ night ‘'by' ■ esideh| B; G. Elliott.- He, \Vill- ■ succeed, the late Prof. Howard M. Baldwin, who
Venaheio F, Urn : . . . EE ’27, National Power Corporatioit engineer, is on an eight months leave from Manila while
type of bombers in any one month t^'^king special work at the 'General -and that figure was- reached Electric Conipany, ' Schenectady, only in one moirth, some time few York. He and hmYamily at-
tended the Purdue-Pitt football
ago.
Of the July, August and Septem-
game and then came to Lafayette to see Lim’s former instructors and the new buildings on the campus.
*^6 mSilMTQM MERRY-QO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
months from this ■ summer iip to the beginning of 1943 and here are .some of the highlights of important
findings:
front of the iskyscrapers.”
When Hitler set out to smash -Russia^ these same isolationists shouted, “Send aid to Russia? Never!” And we ask, “Why not?” True, we-do not. agree with the Communist doctrines ; we don’t think much of the tactics and policies of old Joe, but we do welcome his help in the fight against the Nazis. He has
strengthened Britain’s position immeasur- ber Vlane totVfsrou^^^^^ ably. The thousands of German soldiers killed seventh were bombers. And of this
in Russia will never attempt to cross the number around 250 were light and • English channel. , luedium bombers and only a small ^ ' A 1 1,- TT-ji 1 1 ji n A fraction were the desperately what is under way this is the presAdolf Hitler has been the cause of all our , „ , . . . , , .cvuuix XXXI, ^ xxcxx, X, K, needed four-motor heavies. ; ent production outlook: current troubles; Without him, we would have u. S, heavy bombers are without . no priorities, conscription, arming of mer- peer in the world, and production Production .Outlook chant ships, and countless other inconven- measures are under way greatly to' By spring the two huge governipnrps Wp arp not foolish enoue-h to think increase their, output. But this in- ment assembly plant at Tulsa and IT flu to inniK .to Fort Worth should be turning out that this war is being fought to save^ de- ^ntil well into next year and, unless 100 four-motor hombei's a month, mocracy ; tjie sole purpose of the battle is to p,-esent plans are drastically step- Soon thereafter the Boeing, and put an end to a Nazi state that has said, “We ped np, the 500 monthly bombei- Coiisolidated plants on the West are how beginning our history of Europe, but goal fixed last May by the Presi- Coast, now.undergoing large exit will not be written in ink. Blood is our ink.” ‘’“.’’"’'“i il"™ “?
, . , . sni-ino- of 1943. their output to 50 bombers each
If Stalin or anyone else, no matter what, his J^otc: Of the four-motor bomb- a month, adding. another 100 and religious and political beliefs, wants to help ^.g g^ Britain only two making a grand total of 200. carve Hitler, he should be welcomed with have been lost on i'aidin,g' flights. Then, by mid-summer, if all goes open-arms. - Both losses were due to mechanlcar well, theSiew $47,000i,000 Ford plant ’ . ' trouble and not enemy action. at Ypsilanti, Mich., should be g-et-
’ . ting into production turning out
Lat-e In starting - four-motor Consolidated bombers There are a numbei- of reasons at the rate of 100 a month. This will for the drag- in .getting big bomber bring the total up to 300 monthly.
The remaining 200 a month are Chief of them, is that it wasn’t
yEtlP|RS TO THE
ibiTOR
'-'"'1,' : , A, . ‘ V Thursday, Oct. 9, 1941
Dear Editor:,
Regarding ypur editorial of Wed- had served as special adviser to nesday df,this Week. students from -abroad snice the post First I would like to extend to was first created' in 1923!-. by.-Di-, you my congratulations and'my ad-^ Elliott.' . Goldsmithy a - ‘-Uni-verBity miration; th you. for your noble dhr graduate^ has been on the-staff since fense-of ouifi minorities. This indeed 192,8, A - A- - A -'A « - is noble, but perhaps when you get “your” ideas you. had ought tb re-
War May Last Ten Years Unless U. S. Should Make Tremendous War Effort
By the end of 1942, the United States, although playing the role of “The Arsenal of Democracy,” will be supplying only 50 per cent Of Democracy’s war material. •, By the end of 1942 also, U. S. production of heavy bombing planes will be only 35 per cent of British heaVy bomber production. During the same period, our total bomber production—heavy, light, and medium bombers—will be only 70 per cent of the British. This despite the fact that bombers are consid-ered the chief means of taking the aggressive
and winning the war.
By the end of 1942 also, the United States w-ill only equal the British output of fighter planes.
Army and the Roosevelt administration must take the blame. One, was delay and quibbling
over taxes. Several business firms ,
delayed weeks to see what their
taxes would be before they would , ,, ,
until last spring that military masterminds awoke to the ur.gent tactical necessity for these plane.s. In the meanwhile v/e had been
sign government contracts in the
summer of 1940.
Two, was the failure of Ordnance to plan' and provide for a large enough army. The Army’s famous M-day for the beginning of war did not call for Congressional appropriations, incidentally, until after war was declared, following- which two years was to be "required to build rip an army. Fortunately, the appropriations have now come before a declaration of war; but all the army’s plans 'W'ere based upon
a slow get-arvay.
Three, industry insisted on build-ing-new factories instead of revamping the machinery in its exist-
concentrating on developing our long-range bombers to a high degree of proficiency but had done very little about creating produc-^ live capacity to turn them out in" large numbers. Then in May the President announced the 500-a-
schcduled. to be obtained from a so-called “production pool” to be created from the facilities of the Douglas, Lockheed and Boeing plants. This pool, however, is not scheduled to come into operation until the first quarter, of 1943. That means, as the set-tip is now geared, that the President’s- goal of 500 bombers a month will not be attained until May, 1943, two years after he proclaimed it. Note: One avoidable delay in big
ing plants. Thus, althou.gh Detroit
Most diseonraging-part of the re-, motor factories could have been port, however, is the production of converted to the production of airartillery. The manufacture of big plane, engines, new plants were guns Is lagging far behind the built instead; and now the auto British. Another discouraging fac- plants -will have to slow down for
American war effort has just been tor is that the U. S. Army is still lack of raw material. If industry placed in the hands of the Presi- continuing the purchase of medium had. been willing to curtail auto pro-dent-^and it is not very encour- bombers, though the British ha-ve diiction at the very start, months
month bomber goal and belatedly
OPM turned to the job of big- bomber production was due to scale production. bungling priority administration unBombers, particularly four-motor dcr. the old OPM set-up. Boeing 'Was ones, ai'e tremendously complicated held up several months last summer machines. Tlicy can’t be produceii hi .gettin,g' started on a new bomber overni.glit, or in every plant. Their order because of inability to get nianufactui’c requires great ongi- aluminum supplies, which had been neerin.g. skill, vast industrial organ- ullocatcd,..to less important indus-
■Washington, Oct. 9.—The most important report ever made oh the
ization and coordination, and hu.ge quantities of sti-atcgic materials, such as aluminum, ma.gnesium and
steel.
Bi.g strides have iiecn made in putting all these cogs together.
tries.
(Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
aging. Briefly it show's that between just about discarded this type of of defense effort would have been. ‘ , , kJuly 1 of this year and December plane. They are concentrating only sayed. Pi'°d»ction ca .11 ‘ -ifiAfi i.1. 14.- 4! 4-1 1 1 Cl- pacity. Also, that the plans set n 31, 1942, the production ot the on heavy bombers for long-range Four no elfort was made dor- 4- i G i ^ TT -4. J 04. 4- -11 1 • 1+1 IX- - 4 ID 1- 1 T4. T 7 -KHu, HO ciioiL wds luaue aiu motion .should have been on a fai
A Herbarium that eventually will contain'every available species of
Some defense authorities contend iihuit native to Gcor,gia is being dothat a lot more could have been '^'cloiied in the biology department
..j. of Emory University.
in.g the early days of defense to expand facilities for raw materials— steel, aluininum, copper, zinc, etc. So now industry finds itself desperately short. This was due to the inexcusably bad planning of certain Dollar-A-Year-
Men.
But those who have, studied this all-important report say there is no
United States ■will only equal the offensives to Berlin and Italy, plus combined production of Canada and light bombers, for dive-bombing, the United Kingdom. .The medium bomber is being w-eedecl
■ This is despite the fact that the out.
United Kingdom all last year w-as On the encouraging side cf the subjected to a constant rain of laictnre is U. S.'production of tanks, bombs, and despite the fact that wdiich is forging avell ahead of-the we have two and one-half times the British. Furthermore, a study of population of Canada and the Nazi' production leads to the conUnited Kingdom, plus six times elusion that, adding the airplane
their resources. production of Canada, the United Use ti-ying to go back for the purThe j'eport was ]U'epared at the States and Great.Britain together, pose of fixing the blame; that it is instigation of Secretarj' of War this grand, total is now equal to, if far better instead to draw certain Stimson w-ho wanted to see just uot some.what ahead of the'Ger- vital conclusions. Chief conclusion where the armed forces of the luans. draw is that at the present United States stood. The man who p F D I rate, the United States can drag drafted the report is Bob Nathan, easons or e ay along for about ten years and there who does a lot of confidential work Also on the more optimistic side, be war in Europe, for Stimson. On-this job he worked OPM experts point out that Amer- Therefore, they urge prodigious under Stacey May, crack economist lean industry' has three valid ex- cffoit immediately, even an expedi01 the OPM, who took a siiecial trip c-uses for its slow start. One is that tionary' torce if necessary, s'o the to London where he studied British have shipped large quantities '"-'91 not drag on intei-minably. production figui'es and sav.' German of parts to the British, which they' Deceptive Figures production results as lai' as the have assembled. This has speeded. Now let’s shift from the longBritish rvere able to supply them. their production, but slowed down range view to the present. Hi,ghly Stimson Shocked OUI'S. Second, all during last y'.ear publicized have been airplant pi'oPriends of Seci'ctary of Wai' the United States was.sending-ma- duction figui'es: July, 1,460; AugStiinson say he was shocked at the chine tools to England, which, of. hst, 1,854, .hnd Sejllember, 1,914. findings of the report, wliich .show course, also slowed U. S. produc- Defense clfibfs cite them with great
tion. Finally', the British have had pride as evidence that tliis vital a more definite schedule of what phase of the aritiament iirogram is they wanted, while the U. S. Army’s making steady progress, schedule was slow in being set up. It is true that aircraft output is On the other hand, OPM ex- improving and the monthly reports pci'i.i point to certain inexcusable showing gains in total figures are errors for which industry, the. impressive. But when these fi,gures
Joe Louis is just $12,336.04 short
greater scale. But on the' basis of making an even million in s.even
years of fighting.
Soi-t to- ai-^little good- old engineering thinking, and less upon deriving them from; the minorities.. But-then ■when you-defend them- at the ex- ■ pense of one of the most sincere Ahierieans ofi the. day, Charles Lindbergh, I feel that I am called upon- to ta-ke his side, for if there is anything that logical people detest it is being, shown only one side of a. question—this is what you have done, and is more properly known as propaganda. Now personally I have nothing against Jews. (I’ve been told that I ^houl'd have.) In the first place, Lindbergh' is not attempting to create an “ugly form of racial prejudice;” but, he- is very definitely trying to point out a menace to our security. Jews undoubtedly have much to gain, comparatively, by an Allied, -victory. Isn’t that logical?. Nevertheless, we still are 80% against a war. And in the second place, you did not deny that Hollywood issues propaganda. And who c'ontrMs Hollywood? Jews. And isn’t this “agitating for war?”^ And who controls the radios who would .“ban” him ? Jews again. The Lindbergh they ban is not for a war, so what could they be but “agitating
for war ? ”
When Lindberg lived in England he inspected Russian air' forces; he said they were not worth worrying about. They did not believe this, but it has proved true. Also be definitely warned against^ Germany’s air forces. They disbelieved, and again he proved himself true. Lindbergh is saying his say for no personal gain (this seems more definite every day);’ he is thinking of America. You call Lindbergh antisemetic. It is doubtful if a more sincere patriot ever lived. I believe that the problem of “America First” is not one of Charles Lindberg. I am sure th-at this great man would be the first to praise the Jews, if they would but turn their thoughts and think more of the good of the country. Yoltaire also said, “If you throw cnpugR mud, some of it will stick.” So therefore I wilT close with an appeal to you and your staff for more open-mindedness. Sure, there are points pro. and con; but please, give us all sides. Sincerely yours, Joseph 0. Perry.
FRIENiDLiK SERVICE
''Bott'dedi Gas and Gii
T. &BL,OIL Ibic.
, wilil ,
’ 4
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Everything for a College Education
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
DEAC’S'
University Book Store
“Rod” Sammons *29
Union “Doc*** Eppic *40
TODAY. •SA'T'URDAY'. DOUBLE FEATURE
RUTH GORDON • OTTO KRUGER • DONALD GRIS -PLUS — A Reckless Exciting Story of the South!
lamentable lack of long-range planning by the Army. Other lii.g'h-ups in the Admiriislrali'on take a somewhat more optimistic view, thougli all feel tlmt the counti y has not yet
taken its coat oil.
The study covered the eightiiien
PwidbUL. ^xpomtiL
Entered as second class matter at the post ollice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Marcli 3, 1879, and at the special rale of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00. Editur-in-Chief Ned A. Ochiltree „SporfS Staff , , _ , . NewB Editor John L. Traiigott .....Phil C. Johnson EuBjiiesa Manatftr : Don S. Powers Asaociate Editors: O. T. Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler.
Publication Staff
Haiiairlnir Editor.. Leland W. Ru0ncr ABKociate Kdit/irsi J. K Amos, J. H. Arni.stronK, D. T. Brophy, It. L. Hadley, F. i. Jones, E. G. Kieper.
Business Staff
Local Advertisinji Maiiaj-M^rs: K. K.- (jjemre, R. 1']. Saxton; Circulation Manager: \V. T. Jiell ; Accounts Manager: W.
D. Millard. Co-ed Staff
Editor Kuth Rose AsBOciatc EditorB: Mary K. Bcynidn, Alice Chatfield, ' Jane ItamBdell.
Phones: Editorial and Business/ 4005; Sports, 2792;
Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
R.cprcBonlcd for national advcrtiBinj? by National. Advertisiiij.': Service, Inc., (killejie Publishers Itepresentatives, 420
Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. .
.Staff For This Issue
Nililit Edilor: F. I. JoneH . ; Day Editor: RainsdcH Issue Editor: J. D. Smith Sports Editor: Keeler Reporters: B. G. Smith, K. Klonson, W. G. Hoskins, J. A. Goode. IT W. Ochiltree, W.-Summers. W. Rafert, P. G. HolV-
man. (]. \V. Jiyn-.s.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
■ WJCI& ohmAi
...but I couldn't re-
sists asking
aostess where she got her
iiiy
suite. She
laid
it came from KEiFERS. No wonder all -you Americans call such pieces living room furniture. That sofa and chair were honestly designed for living really fine living. They are comfortable, sturdy, and beautiful. When -— if ever — I return to the continent, I think that I shall ship some REIFERS furniture for my home there.''
GO
9th and Main Streets
— WITH — JACK LARUE MARIAN MARSH
with RUD¥-VALLEE% ANN MILLER
— 5 BIG DAYS—■ STARTING SATURDAY MARS
SHE WAS A WONDERFUL SWEETHEART BUT A TERRIBLE ENEMY?
- TODAY - SATURDAY-
T'4^.'-A,
Pi^porie Running .Of X^eil^Dn. Because of the inclemeipif wa,thfiir,:vthO'contmuedt>running of, the annual fal|i]P!J@(p^thl9iii;y«;8to#y\ afternoon was postponed until todayy BJarrin^^^ raipv.. the trachpien will now finish their .ftrst'day’s schedule, but 5 one day late, on Monday. ■ ■ , .
today 4:^‘kwytul- ■ E'dmt or i; Williams. ii-lfrravVsJiK \ Sjr^GmpiiiB; vsii.yOrjmih or, Benabl^ 12— Walsh vs. p^aljiol. 13— Metsger vs. ahtehihs, 14— Kline vs. Torapohlen. . 16— Hiint vs. R. D.‘MaKtih. ilG^—Wclsler vs. Zeff of 'Crineri 17— Dyer vs. Dingle^ 18— Kutschiys.v'Siiiea er Clem.,. 19— Koch vs. J.. Cohen. 20— J. W. Graybill ysM'iDa,!^. 21— Olmsted vs. Clark or. ir'ans.22— Garber „or.\Pjal'ys. ,atint or Crofts; 23— G. .R.; Wifeihah. vs. R. Stallings. 2^^yS)®£^i.jtoC?l)!)iphi?ll;: ...
DR. M. P: LORm j DENTIST * 306-7 Lafayette Life Bldg;,
-TTSirtTTrr——"^'-?-—^ RAtBQKlSSE EXPOJNfENT ADVERTISERS
■ The Decathlon, Which; consists of ten events, continues for three weeks-and on three days of each week„'thei>evfenits are run. Thus the oontestantsi have three-chances at each test; Th'e. trackhian who., cornpiles -the;highest n,unitj®r ofkpoints is the: wihhter.;- hs;-p,oints; are -given to i-the/threeimen with the host records inveachi.ev^nt. ^Pour Trophies- • - , ' To ithe ?f our - winners trophies are presented' by^'Coach Phillips.. These are-to be awarded : at- the annual Cross.. Opunt-ry banquet. . Ther Decathlon started Wednes-. day and at that timC. the fesO -yd. run, the; 76 ydu dash, and the. shot p,pt were, run off. Today, the 120 ‘ yd. low. hurdles, 660 yd., run; and 'the high jmnp willvtake place. And ' on Monday, the first week’s events , wil-Lb.& concluded with the running , of the one-quarter mile, discus, pole vault and broad jurtip. ■ ■Stroyeck Winner Last-Year Last fall .Stroyeck won the Decathlon^ with this year!s Captain, Burt Anthony, placing second. P.-e-ra-
Rear Admiral ' RICHARD E. BYRD V (In Person) MOTION PICTURE and LECTURE On His Latest Trip to Little America ^fL- L'ii J
OF
Monday, October 13 ill 8:00 p. m; , Admission 50c SPECIAL SCHOO^, 5 CHILDREN’S MATINEE Starting at 1 Admission 20c
Sponsored; ;
Lions Club of Lafayette
ROSENTHAL'S 322 Main St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
Always clean and free; from goo no matter how often youamokeit. higherpriced pipes in briar < quality;; and value, i; wiH.DEiyiirrH&co.,N.Y.
Much attention was focused onithe davelopineniic^ a strong attack yesterday as the Riveters;.wentr through an ex;ten;d©d drill.inside. the. waits of .the>Fieldhouse; Th'e-team'and-coaches worked.hard,on an offense, with Whicl): they hoped to penetrate,the strong; Ohio Stkte. defenses that, were responsibie for. holding; Southern' CaJjifoi’nia Gonapletely at. bay last S^^t-
urday,
Pass.,„Defepse Held, " ^'V
i|i III' iiiiii.inirniiiiii ' lai^ . i
Nor. were: the Boilermakers-, de- ir''' J-u:' If - fenses neglected . during thLe;. long . AjKLv SC^lA^<4Wii^S‘-
di’ill, for an extended .pass defense workout was held. Line Coach Joe Boland- sought replacements for the injury riddled;, forwai-d wall. With; T-imp.erman, 'Wagren,. Drench, and,;,0.’Bryan on, thei side, lines, the tackle,: p,ositions have, been,, weak-
ened... greatly.
Still ithejshifiiBg ligktsi-.otf ‘ Boilermaker drills is the, sapkomore, baekfield combination of Hajzylg. Smock, Meakim, and Andretich who have stepped into the shoes of the injured varsity men and performed ably. First; string fullback J6hn Petty had the cast removed from his knee toddy and though' he did not; dress for practice he may be able to take part in drills next
weekk
First Man Johnson ^ i- J was outstanding. Another sophomorgwho has been ^uego Slowly Recuperates outstanding for the Riveters IS Bob Johnson, the rugged center from Alex Leugo, the regular center, Gary, Indiana. .This 185 pound stal- ^*^® S® through a light wart has played the full 60 minutes workout yesterday, and it is hop^d in his first two games of college ^ ® some competition. With co-captains Mil- against the Buckeyes next ler and Melton he has formed a* ®'''^ also bulwark in the center of the line, returned to action though hSs and against Pitt his line-baQking 'Will not be certain until!
SOFTBALL—TODAY
Diamojvd:
1 ward 33 vs. -Ward 8. 2 Ward 10 vs.. Ward. 14.1. 3 /Ward 9 vs. 'Wiard 12, 5 WS^rd‘.24. vs. Wardi32.;
6 Kappa. Siema -vs...Thftta Chi.
Offiaial: Batferty,.
7 ; Delta-,.Chi .vs..,Sigma, .AJ®ha Epsilon.,
Offibial! it.lSdhwartz.
8,1 Alpha 1 Tiui Oi^egfC, vs. Sigma lOhii
Official; B,vrgha,r,dt._ .
TOJJCBBALL—TODAY/ Field ■ : . '
1 Acacia ys. Alpha . Kappa ■ Lambda.,
Official; L. R. Jewett.
2 Ttiangld vs.. Alpha Chi Rho.
, Official.:' B' Wente..
Alpha’ Sigma
Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Official: M.i Meyer.-
4 Beta Theta, Pi ys< Delta Tau Delta.,
Officioli lt Olds.
6 Kappar Delta Bho vs. Lambda Ohi
Alpha.. Official: E. J. Pechin.
6 Phi ;D(pua'Theta .ys. Phi Gamma. Delta.
Official: C., H..Tepas.
7 Phi Kappa ys. Phi Kappa Psi.
Offioiaj.: L.. Captain.
8 Sigma Alpha Slu ys. Sigma Pi. ' Offlcia,Lt;]yLJB. Bernhard. /
% Thisi Ddirn; iniiiry^; |inx ' No athlete fears any one thing as muck as he does; being' injured. It is one of thb toughest breaks that can befall am athlete, whether an a,mateur or professional. If -it happens, to the amateur-it tneans, lost time from something which they; have been woTkihg for years to reach. If it happens to a professional it means-loss of .livelihood. As far back as we can remember Boilermaker-teams h^ve bom6>the brunt , of losses via .the-injury, route. This year is.- certainly a bafuier year, in this, respeet. It’s the biggest bugaboo which thfe Boilermakers;
fa,ee at the present time.
•i A> Whole* Team Out* To. illustrate, there is more than aii entire eleven now> on the- sidelines due to. injuries. Many,-of them- have come; as a result of this week’s hard scrimmage sessions, which have certainly been toughies. Others
j,ust from accidents, in g^es..
The- team: composed^of l injsu-edt players'would- line up something like this. Rush and Erk at ends; Timpgrman,,and. French) or: Warren, and, O/BryaHiat tackles; Pow;prs<a®d ,Melton at guards; Leugo at center; Petty, op; Bii^mgton; at fallback; jSmerke at quarterback; Carter and Gantz atihalfbacksi A; plenty, good team'.Many Will' Re,' Rea^V For Ohio Staf'e Fortunately most of the injuries are not of major importance. The open date-Saturday, is certainly, a gift from heaven. To face the.Buqkeyes without-:these players-w;ould be suicide. If no complications develop Rushi French; Warren, Powers, Melton, Timpernian, Leugo, Smerke, and Carter should be in pretty good; shape in another week. The fat©-, of Erk, 0‘Bryan, Petty. and Gantz is still indefinite. Buffington, of course; is out for the season. However, the loss from practice, while recovering will have some effect; on the outcome of: the Buckeye, tilt. ,
Goody's Fine Shoes. Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
Despite injuries another drill was (forecast for today. By these- com tinned heavy practices the team hopes to become the most formidable opponent that the conquerors of Missouri and DSG have yet encoujij^eje^. d.s. , -
HERSHFY KISSES
Large Bag 25c
Delicious Apples 5c
Dad's Place
so
HANDY
• Black. CaL Stuff
We can readily understand'why so many athletes are superstitious. Bad: luck certai-nly dogs ihe trail of a good many of them. T,ake,the, ca,se of,. Merlin, Gantz; Guriy-- is- a. swell gfuy- who -really likes to play football. The breaks were coming his way last season as a sophomore; .and'it looked like he-was: going,:'to get his chance-. Then a broken ankle shelved him for the season. Not to be daunted. Curly worked hard through ■ spring ppactiee. and-the early part of fall practice, until last week he was accidentally kicked on the cheek, resulting in some broken bones. Out for. the, better part, of this season.
• No Luck For I risJf O'Bryan
Or take tackle O’Bryan. Tbe-big Irishman suffered a severe tackle shoulder during the first few practices'/:He was just recovering from this injury. Wednesday when in.‘a;&trenuous scrimmage; session he wound up with a nasty\knee bang up. And just at thetime that;fellow tacklemian Timperman, Warren, and French were out, and when his chance to play
a lot of ball had -just arriveds.
Maybe a rabbit’s foot fqp^^pch player would help. „ ,
miiRno
LEE supplies the HAT-I-TUPE^
Let the nearest store that sells LEE Water-Bloc* Hats fit your head into this new semi-telescope— the Bearcroft — with a slightly narrow hand and a hound edge hrim. Wear it snapped way hack. For only 5 Bucks, you’ll be a bearcat in Tnc Bearcroft.
LEE HATS 358 Fifth Avenue, New York
i* Reg. U.S. Pat. Off.
ALEE SCHOOL OF DANCI NCi . LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT Study Under a .Nationally Known Ihstructor ;Mt. Allen is'a Graduate of the Chalif School, N. Y. City; Past President of the National, Association of
Dancinn^ MasHcs PHONE) 21 SO ;
MimSl ihe, onMoM
are exclusive dealers for the LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette
See the hew styles and shades befoi’e you buy your new FALL HATS Prices $3,SQ and up SOOMAINSI
CLOrnES SHWIMC
YOUR
lONEY
1^’
ii
lion
f .
we’^ Find
if youv’e lost your pin; or peii, why prolong the agony? If you’ve a ride to offer, or a book to sell, don’t wait; advertise now in the Exponent Classified Ads!
Leavisg the Hhiou toiBorrow. at^j30 a. nu, the BoSernaakerv cross - tsquad will, drive down to Hloomiiig-' ton f6r their alLimportant clash with the Hoosiers; This tussle with the €reaim and Crimson, last : Western Corfferenee? clmminotn,?! represents the biggest dnalrmeet on tfaecEmlerittalceiri S^edttl©, according to Coach Hermon Phillips* While discussing toBterrow^S: battle, the Riveter cross - county mentor saljd, “W© would rather -win this, one more than anyother meet on our schedule.” Meet At 10:30 The Hoosier-Boilermakef clash, which will take place at lOirSO-a. m. will he run over a course, this is featured by long hills and several wooden fences. Following the meet, the members of the squad aiid Coach Phillips intend to watch the gridiron encounter betweeH Indiana and the Horned Frogs of Texas Christian. . i . Squad lit Good Shape With the possible exception of Kinder, the squad of seven men is in excellent , shape, and will taper offi their preparation for the Hoosier meet by holding a light workout this afternoon. - Headed by Ed Holderman and Woody Appleton, the Boilermaker long-distance runners will' have; a decided advantage in the Bloomington contest, as a; result of thieir daily workouts on one of the toughest courses in the conference— namely the circuit laid o,ut by Phillips in back of the Fieldhouse* In addition, the Cream and Crimson squad will be minus lanky Campbell Kane, who is ineligible, and may possibly be forced to compete without the ser-vices of-Paul Kendall who is rated as. their No. 2 man. It was definitely learned, however, that the Crimson’s outstanding star, Fred Wilt, will see action against the Boilermakers tomorroWi Holderman No. 1 Ed Holderman, last year’s track captain, is: the No. 1 man on the Riveter squa.cl. He is still eligible to run this season since he did hot engage in any cross-country competition during his sophomore year. Ed has‘taken first in both of the dual meets he- has run against In-
diana.
Appleton, Kemp, Roach, DeUsler, McLaughlin, and either Arnold or Kinder are the remaining members of the squad that will travel to Bloomington tomorrow. A victory over the Cream and Crimson would put the Boiler-makers-in a fine spot to go through the season undefeated, as well as marking the close of the Hoosier cross - country supremacy which they have held for several years,
r.w.k.
basketball Forces' Taller This Season Although official basketball practice hasn’t begun as yet, about 35 men, the remains of last year’s varsity and this year’s freshman squads, are- already drilling away, endeavoring to get in good basketball condition by the start, of the season. It looks as if this year’s Boilermaker basketball team will stand a little higher than last year’s squad; that is the fellows are 14 little longer from top to bottom than they were last year, which should be a quite useful addition to the team. ' All of the regulars fi-om last year’s team have returned, and are showing up fine at practice, although there still is-some fear that Uncle Sam’s long arm might reach out and snatch Don Blemker from the squad. The sophomores this year ai'e showing up fine, and shQ,uld be quite an asset to the team right;- from _’fthe start of the season. Three of the sophomores that have-struck a good pace so far, and who are putting up good bitis .for varsity jobs are Menke^ Grove, and Swanta. The first cut will hit the -basketball squad sometime early in November. Of the thirty-five- tft thir^seven men practicing, about fifteen J men, will be sifted out, cattingt- the . squad down to a workable size of about twenty men. c.w.s.
/ i
a
i£
(■’ W tiH f JpHiAND 6CAR IT
By Lichfy]
^The Ration 3.93 • • • to 1
let’s Listen
0
Dismal gloomy despair is in our hearts today To say the least, we’re sad—very sad As usual, women are the cause of it-^22 women to be exact Twenty two women! What’s wrong with that you ask’ Neat’ Swell’ BUT those 22 have changed oui beloved “ratio” to 3 74 to 1’ Om column heading shall lemain the same, even if we have to eliminate twenty two of the faiiei sex Anyway, Heinz has moie than 57 varieties now and he didn’t change his name
..Simpson-Smith Platter Chatter
> A
n I'll cWs.eo Tiwn.
•uc U S PaU oil- All rCA M
So much foi the moie important business of the hour Let’s see what’s doin’ elsewheie Oh’ oh' The Alpha Chis have done it again— meaning a new pin added to their collection This time it’s the Theta Chi pin of campus cut up Bob “Gloomy Gus” Klein The young lady is Beth Paitenheimer Congrats folks' By the way, Gus, what has happened to the Pi Phis ’
“We could aiford a baby if only we had a little more moneyor none at all.”
Classified Ads
Union Riding: Club Committee Meeting Tuesday Oct 14 4 p m in Union office Everyone be there I —GOSSETT
Cosmopolitan Club No meeting Friday Oct 10 Pledging and picnic next week —KELLAR
Here are the latest flashes from the eight dens of iniquity on the campus as rush rushes on Theta house—“Wheie’s Haynes’ We’ve got to get this “censoied” lush meeting staited' Pi Phi house—“Wheie’s Richmond’ Who caies’” Chi O’s—-“With Miller’s cai we’ie
Union Workers Those on Dick Worl s a Cllich to get thllty ” committee meet in Union office Monday ,, f
Glenn Miller has chalked up another smash hit with his recoiding of “From One Love to Anothei ” This IS the English version of the Italian Lullaby “Danza Lucumi” which was recorded earlier by Ai tie Shaw and Enfic Madrigueia, but it’s done in that strictly “on the ball” style of Miller The band opens for the fiist half choius and then Bobby Hackett comes in with that trumpet of his and leally puts the pressure on it Ray Eberle finally breaks thiough with a vocal, and his treatment of those luscious lyiics will make you gals get weak
in the knees
“I’m Thrilled” On Other Side On the othei side you’ll find a little number entitled simply “I’m Thiilled ” All of you that go in foi Millei’s sweeter than sweet stuff should really get diabetic ovet this The record begins with one of those well known Miller sax claimet blends with a tenor sax impiovis mg on the rest of the opening choius The vocal on this side is also manipulated by Ray Ebeile using his heartstrings instead of his vocal choids Behind Eberle you’ll hear the band’s painting of a beautiful backgiound Ochi Ghornya—Ice cieam corny a
—Calif(^rniya—da da dum dum etc. Yeah man that’s the way it goes and that plenty fast Wmgie Ma-. none thought up those assinine words, but they’ll stick with you long aftet you’ve laughed yourself sick over them As usual Wingie features his trumpet a lot, but you can’t blame him because it’s plenty good But you can’t blame him because it’s plenty hot—oh we said that once didn’t we, but it’s well worth repeating “Ochi Chornya” is one of Manone’s best and should certainly be included on your list of “just gotta
gets ”
• Radio Review
“Do you lemcmber the Vagabond King’” About ten years ago this stiiring opeictta was made into a movie, which was one of the gieatcst hits of that day and age On Saturday, October 11, the Chicago Theater of the An will piesent ovei the Mutual netwoik this same masterpiece ~of music Mai ion Claire and Thomas Thomas (guest) will sing the leading loles, and the music will be supplied by Heniy Wcbei and the WGN Symphony Orchestra If your memoiy is good, you may lecall the two hits of the show, “Only a Rose” and “Song of The Vagaboml ” Listen at 8 46 p m over MBS
>‘
-4^
WGN • 720 MBS
“An Installment Collector ?”—Why I thought the President
outlawed you ”
“Mike” College has picked the following foi tonight’s best listen ing (we had nothing to do with it) “Duffy’s Tavern” at 7 30 p m ovci CBS and Glen Gray at 10 45 p m over MBS
Use Exponent Classified Advertisements
Oct 13 at 4 15
Typewriters—Adding machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mim eograph and multigraph work done C J Ebershoff 606 Main Phone 27(9 Lafayette
—WORU
Honey to Loan on anything of value Alberts Ixian Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelrs 401 Columbia St
Alpha Chis—“Get up
aie coming”
Silver Mask Important short meeting on Delta GamS—“What’ll Tuesday Oct 14 at 7 30 p m in room 304 c< •>» of Union Be on time Without Susie this yeai ’ —TOWEN Phi Mus—.“Wish those
Rushees
we do
student Earn extra money in your epare time No waiting for commissions Bee Gordon Bootner Olan Mills Studio 215 State St
Betas
would quiet down Gives our house Syiacusc and Colgate football a bad name” teams will play each other twice in Alpha Z’s—“Giab ’em as they 1943—Oct 2 at Hamilton and Nov head for the Alpha Chi house ” 13 at Syiacuse Kappa hotel—“Rooms foi rent”
Vocal Lessons For 26 years- Lafayette s only-real singing teacher Voice test free Edward W Frank Studio Lahr Hotel Phone 4055
Notices
Senior Advanced Military Students Will you please leave snapshots or pictures taken at summer camp in H F Graebncr s box at Armory These pictures will be used for exhibition at coming smoker Leave n inie with pictures Pictures will be returned 10 16 —LARSON
Modem Dance Piacticcs will be held on Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 and on Tuesday at 7 m the gym —SERBAN
Novice Pistol Students desiring to fire in the third novice pistol group starting Tuesday Oct 21 may sign up in the sup ply room of the armory now —BROWN
WAA Hockey practices every Monday Wednesday and I riday at 4 p m Six practices reQuircd for team eligibility There is still time to make the team (10 7) —HARRISON
Pistol Team All members of last year s pistol team please report to the Armory Mondaj October 13 at 4 p m —BROWN
C E 41 (Hydraulics) An examination for the removal of C and I gra les will bo held from 1 to 4 p m Satuiday October 11 in room 125 Heavilon Hall Permission to take the examination roust be obtained from the undersigned prior to October 9 —r W GREVE
Purdue Christian boundation Roundup Everybodi who planned to come to the round up la t Saturday is invited to come this Satuiday Oct 11 le ivmg 131 S Grant at 1 p m Bung anyone inteiestcd A fee of 30c will be charged —BIGGS
Distinguished Gun Squad Competition f ir 155 MM Howitzer All juniors are eligible for entrance Squads Mill consist of two juniors anil nine sophomores Juniors desiring to enter s juads present entries to Lt Baum in instructor s room prior to 4 p m Oct 15 1941 Practice for squads will take place two hours a week over a six week period Ref erence Military Department H indl k —ANTRIM
Archery Club Meeting oa Monday at 4 16 p m in room 104 of the F eldh use —JAMES
Pi Tau Sigma Pledge meeting Friday October 10 at 4 p m in the reading room of the Mechanical Engineering Building —GLOOR
Pistol Team Tryouts The following listed students from the 1st novice Pistol group are asked to report to the Armory Monday October 13 at 4 p m to try out for the varsity pistol team Baldwin J Buhelcr J h Ficundli h G Hebenstrcct W Heekard D C Hill O R Hummel R P Kramer R N Laison R L McCoy R K McCullough G Mason R L Rensberger J R Scantland 0 F Singleton V I Taylor W H Vanderbrouek A L Vonnegit W A Wade M W W lliams B J Wil llama C D and Winters W C —BROWN
DRUM MAJORETTE HOOTS Go Strutting At The Head Of The Style Parade In
The soft gleaming leather, the extravagant Silken tassel tossing gaily with each proud step you take join forces to make you a style leader. ^
Roger Williams Club Sl-iatinf? party Friday Oct 10 Meet at church at 8 p m Transportation furnished Refieshme t will be served Cost ih ae —ARTMAN
Roger Williams Club release n te new routine in Sunday evening proj,ram Fif teen ©ent luneh will be b rved at o 40 p m and bocial h ur will be at h p m Dibcusbion houi starlb at 0 40 p m —ART MAN
Chinese Students Reecnt m \ies of China will be bhowi at a m tir f th Chinefae Studer t b Club T riday Oct 10 pt 7 p m in the webt faeuliv lou j,e in the Union Refrcbhmentb will be bervt 1 LIU
Fteehmen Women in Fhv<(ical Fd ( lasses Meet in lecture i m ii B 1 ky R illirp. for lecture Ihurbdav at 4 r m r Inlay at d p m —HA/LI ION
Freshman Pngineers M tink f r Lri pinedriiik I tur s n Sat riay O I 11 at 8a m lyshos Stuieit whos rames begin with A J linel) Room 4 JH1 Ride. K t jnd flo r 1 dure ro m F J I (mcl) Kojm IdO Eh Rl k I R h el) Ro m 401 CE Bldg b / 1 ecturc Room ji Michael Golden bhops KNAP!
Delia Rho Kappa Mectuk at a j m Monday Oct 14 in lOom 404 of Union Al! actives and i ledkcs alt nd RILKLEJN
Reamer Club Rekular meet! ik M rday Oct 14 at 7 40 I m in loum 404 of the Union -RUIINJ R
FOMM M< tiik Mjida> Get la at 4 p la in room 106 of Aim ly Col White win Bpcak —RUbHNFLL
WAA RiBery Cull to Thursday 0(t 10 la posted in
lit M rday Get s 1 d 1 1 r 1 Ub
CURRY
14
COMPLETE C JACKETS
4MPUS WEAR JACKETS
CAPE SKIN $7.95 up CALF SKIN $14.95 and $21.50
SUEDES $4.95 up GOAT SKIN $14.95 and $16.50
BLTTON-SWEATERS $3.95 up FINGER TIP $7.50 up
SLIP-ON SWEATERS $2.95 up % COATS $10.95 up
ROGER'S East Side Square
First look rates a second glance— when you weai' a new formal or dinner dicss fiom Loeb s See the same style featured in Vogue, Mademoiselle and HaipeTs Ba-iaai Puces stait at $10 98 Sizes 9 to 17. , 1 Juniois Piineess Wool Evening Wraps'* in black, white and baby pastel shades $10 95 and up ^ “ -r
LoebS Dresses — Second Elooi