"1 Mi
~ T
' P 'if 1." 1 » \ 4 I i ! i , !
'■’‘h
The Girl Greeks Are Still At It Hammer and / tongs and teacups.
Purdue Exponent Z-186 / «
Waather la liiaaitiliii*. Lef^i just sasept k ioi today. ^
Volume 52, No. 34
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, October 18, l84^
Eleven Organizations Vie ^ . . f it In Union, Saturday In Competition For Honors For Triad Uancers
Fourty-four freshmen men competed in the first round of the Beveridge Speech Contest yesterday afternoon fi:om 4 to 6:45 p. m. The contest was held in room 301 of University Hall. Eleven campus organizations " -■
were represented in the preliminaries. The organization winning tlie most points in the-competition will be awarded the custody of the Ankeny Cup for one year. Any organization may keep the cup permanently after having placed first for
three years.
Twenty Survive After the first elimination, twenty frosh were left to compete in the second round. Seven men were left after the second elimination to compete in the final round of the contest which will be held I'uesday, October 22, at '?:30 p. m. in the Home Economics Auditorium. The seven men who will vie for honors in the finals are: G. Besmard, D. E. Butz, G. E. Chapman, 6. DeLong, N. Merrick, C. L. Pope, and G. J. Zissis. The contestant, placing first in the final round, will be awarded permanent possession of the Hayes trophy which is being awarded by the Hayes Jewelry company of La-
fayette. Judges
Judges for last night’s contest were Eobert Horn, Robert DeJarley. Prof. P. E. Lull and L. S. Winch. Students, faculty members, and general public are invited to attend next week’s 'contest. j.f .z.
POMM Pledges 47 Juniors; Seniors Formal pledging of 47 men to the Purdue Order of Military Merit took place yesterday afternoon in the Armory, according to J. W. Hudson. There were 34 seniors and 13 juniors pledged by the military honorary. Pledges were selected on the basis of their records in the military department. In order to be eligible for membership, candidates must hav^e at least junior standing. The following are ^e juniors selecfjed by the organilation. I Bauman, R. E.; Bushnell, T. M.; Dibos, R. A.; Dillon,|A. J.; ParWas, Pj S.; Grommel, H. E.; Graf, P. N.; Hale, T. P. Horstman, H. P.; Keck, M. E.; Petersen, C. W.; Topp, A. A.; Tormohlen, B. L. Seniors Seniors pledged by P. O. M. M. were: Allen, D. P.; Blackwell, J. R.; Brackman, O. W.; Brennan, P. J.; Brown, E. S.; Brummett, J. D.; Cartwright, K. 0.; Christy, J. W.; Dilts, R. A.; Pout, D. R.; Goerss, A. C.; Hall, H. R.; Hanter, R. L.; Hess, L. A. Hesterberg, G. A.; Holcomb, W. L.; Jackewicz, B. S.; Kellog, R. H.; Kennedy, D. D.. Lamoureaux, V. W.; Macherey, R. E.; Meyers, A. W.; Mock, O. L.; Morrison, R. H.; Noland, T. C.; Pacey, J. J.; Thayer, R. V,; Thompson, K. J.; Vana, J. J.; Venable, J. M. ; Weed, A. C.; Williams, R. A.; Wordling, V. A.; Yeager, D. L. r.l.h. Gilbreth Will Speak At T And IE Dinner A get-together dinner will be held for all students enrolled ip the T and I E curriculum by Mu chapter of Iota Lambda Sigma at 6 p. m. tonight in the East Faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. Gilbreth will be the principal speaker and Professor Greenly will comment on certain activities of the school. In order that necessary arrangements be made, tickets, price sixty cents, should be secured by 4:30 o’clock this afternoon, from E. E. Scott, room 209, Education Building, room 209, Education Building. The fraternity, a national Trade and Industrial Education honorary, is attempting to promote a closer bond between students and staff members afllliated with the T and I B i^cho^l. r.r.r.
3 Churchmen Speak To Marriage Students Representatives of three of the principal religions of the world presented their views on mixed and inter-marriage last night to the regular meeting of the senior marriage
course class.
The speakers. Father Chapman of St. Mary’s Catholic church. Rabbi Simon of Temple Israel, and Dr. Graham of the First Presbyterian church each outlined their ideas and then the three joined together to an-
swer questions.
In his talk Father Chapman said that we must get away from emotional thinking so that we can reason clearly and frankly, whether we like it or not, and whether we believe it or not. Father Chapman built up his view on the basis that as for the preservation of the human race the family is paramount, the marriage contract must be permanent; either the institution survives /or the society topples. The remedies he proposed were the conviction of truth, the recognition of responsibility and the sacrifice of the individual to the common good. Rabbi Simon drew the important fact from history that the main reason that anyone belongs to any religious group was purely the accidental one of birth into that group.’ He said that people marry for physical, mental and spiritual reasons and that if they have opposite spiritual ideas from the beginning that it forms a ready spot for a fissure. “People are happier if they begin marriage under the guidance of the
synagogue or church.”
Ap the Protestant representative. Dr. Graham placed his ideas on the basis that marriage has a religious foundation and that though the Approaches of the different faiths may vary, the basic arguments are the same. According to Dr. Graham, underneath the whole marriage ceremony lies the sense of personal responsibility. The ceremony slows down breaks because it makes the married p^jsons pee the importance
of marriage.
These talks led in to an hour of discussion of the questions aroused by the speake^.
Triad T unester
Phil Levant
Featured with the orchestra are Gale Robbins, “charming lady of song,” and baritone, Don Gordon. Gale has been' called the perfect model by artists and photographers. “Conscription Dance” is the name under which members and friends of the Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Kappa Sigma, and Sigma Phi Epsilon with their dates will dance. A large humorous backdrop will be the main decoration. Over 300 couples are expected to attend.
Phi Kappa
JUNIOR BOARD MEETING Meeting of the “Exponent” junior board Saturday, October 19 at 1 p. m. in the new “Expotient” office. McKEE.
. . . social fraternity, will hold their annual informal pledge dance at the chapter house, 800 Northwestern, Saturday evening from 9 to %2 o’clock. Mabry Mahns and his orchestra will provide music for the occasion, r.r.r. Prof, Laurentza . . . Schantz-Hansen, of the Applied Design Department, will attend a meeting of the Midwestern College of Art Conference, ioday and tomorrow. The conference will be held at the University of Wiscohsin, Madison, Wis. j.f.z.
Physical Plant Foreman Graber Talks Of Whole Campus Sweep
By Don Brophy “This fall we’re going to make a clean sweep of it,” said W. Graber. No, Graber isn’t a big city politicalboss speaking about his party’s chances for a landslide in the coming election; but he is the foreman of the physical plant which is in •snduiua aqq. jo ojbd oq^ jo oSjcuqa The “it” that is going to be brushed off thoroughly this fall is the Campus. No Bromides How? Well, haven’t you noticed the two new leaf sweepers that the physical plant has recently purchased to pick up Mother Nature’s “glory” after She has shed it ? “Tumbling leaves and weeping trees’’ might make good bromides for a Shelley ot a Longfellow, but they spell sweat and hard work for the staff over at the physical plant. So, about two weeks ago the University decided to buy some kind of apparatus that would perfprm the arduous job of leaf-raking quickly and thorougiily. ,
National Sororities Continue Rush Activities With Dinners
Phil Levant and his orchestra, veterans of the College Inn and Walnut room of the Bismarck Hotel, Chicago, will bring their “distinctive smoothness in Rhy^thm" to the south ballroom of the Union for the Annual Triad dance Saturday night.
Last week the physical plant sent an order to the Motor Mower Company, East Springfield, Ohio for two lawn sweepers. The sweepers arrived Tuesday and were assembled Wednesday. They made their maiden appearance on the v^est side of the campus yesterday morning. Resemble Lawnmowers These sweepers resemble huge lawn mowers minus the handles. In place of the blade of a lawn mower the sweepers are equipped with rotary brushes. As the cleaners are pushed or pulled over the ground the brushes scoop up the leav^ and throw them into a canvas bag, similar to the bags attached to grass cutters. A convenient feature of the sweepers is that they may be either operated by hand oy motor drawn. Looking over the areas of the campus already cleaned with the new machines, we can vouch for Graber when he says that propaganda leaflets are no longer a menace.
Glee Club Leaves For Chicago; Will Entertain Alumni Leaving this morning on a special bus for Chicago, the men’s glee club will sing this noon before the Chicago Executive Club, and in the evening before an alumni meeting at the Hotel Sherman. Chief speaker at the alumni banquet will be President Elliott. Red Mackey, T. R. Johnson, “Pop” Doan, Mai Elward, and E. B. Baugh will also be present at the banquet. Later in the evening the glee club “ •will appear -with Duke Ellington in the Panther Room of the College Inn, Hotel Sherman. New arrangements of “I’ll Never Smile Again,” and “Tennessee Pish Pry,” will be presented during the evening, o.l.a. Staff Members Get Leaves Of Absence Leaves of absence were granted to the following staff members at the regular quarterly meeting of the board of trustees yesterday: Dr. R. D. Present, physics staff, to do special research work this semester at Harvard; L. W. Johnson, assistant professor of mathematics, called to active military duty as an Officer at Fort Sill, Oklahoma; Mrs. Katherine Read, to do graduate work at the University of California; Miss Esther Schlund of the library staff, to do graduate work at the University of Michigan. Also the board approved a number of faculty appointments which became effective at the beginning of the year. Allisbn E. Stuart, Lafayette, was appointed to the board this summer to succeed veteran member John A. Hillenbrand of Bates'ville, who asked to be excused. Lastly, several gifts from different donors were accepted, r.r.r. Reception Honors Elliott, Trustees President and Mrs. E. C. Elliott and the members of the board of trustees and their wives were honored at a reception and dance given by the University club in the north < ballroom in the Union last Wednesday evening. Bill Martin furnished music for the occasion at which several hundred staff members and their wives were in attendance. The honored guests were entertained at a dinner in the Union before the reception. Dr. Kathryn McHale, only woman member of the board of trustees spoke to the coeds of Wood Hall at a dinner honoring her. Professor M. L. Clevett is president 'of the University club. Other officers are Professor»Philena Palmer, •vice-president and Professor D. L. Arm, secretary-treasurer, t. b.n. Cooley^'39, Leaves For Retail Meeting Bob Coole:^Ag. '39 and son of” Prof. R. B. clooley of the animal husbandry department, left Wednesday for Cornell University. Prom there he will go to the national convention of retail ice cream manufacturers at Atlantic City, N. J. CooleyxWll report to the convention on 6,000-mile trip he took during the summer while he was compiling the material for his book, “Blue Prints for Merchandising and Retailing Ice Cream.” d.e.b.
Eight Girl Greek Groups Entertain Rusbees As Pan-Hellenic Rush Draws Near Close Rush activities for"the eight national sororities on the campus were continued last night with dinners served at the houses. Southern theme predominated at last night’s affairs as three of the eight houses entertained rushees at Dixieland banquets. PickaplnnieS amid a modcl COt-
Veterinarians End Three Day Course At Banquet In Union Culminating the business end of a three day course for veterinarians held on the campus October 16-18, was a large banquet in the east faculty lounge of the Union last evening. Present at the dinner were some 260 veterinarians representing all of this section of the country. “Dessert” at the dinner was a presentation of the Purdue glee club in which A. P. Stewart, head of the club, “tried out,” as he called it, various new songs and arrangements on the members. Toastmaster J. L. Axby, Indianapolis state veterinarian, introduced Professor P. R. Hall of the Purdue history department as the first speaker. The title of his talk, “Straws in the Wind,” explained itself when Professor Hall came forward with step by step logic on the position England is in today and just how she got there. But perhaps the most interesting part came when he gave a similar expose on the United States’ predicament and “what can be done about it.” Dean Ward Giltner of the Michigan State College’s veterinary school told of the veterinarian in public health activities, saying, “The best thing the veterinarian of today can do is to tend to his o^wn knittiiig regarding the public health situation. I think we can help the country best by sitting tight and being good veterinarians.” r.r.r. Psychology Professors Lead Discussion At First Phi Delta Kappa Meeting Phi Delta Kappa, national professional education honorary, held its first of eight yearly meetings last night in the Chestnut room of the Union. The meeting took the form of a dinner and forum. The forum was open to discsusion and was led by Professor Cromer, Professor Rhyder. Professor Dodds and Professor Lawson all of the education and applied psychology department. It covered problems of the next steps in education, and adaptation of secondary schools to the program of national defense. Also discussed was the possibility of introducing into public school curricula a course in work experience, by which youngsters may learn how to do a job well. Professor Cromer is president of the fraternity. The other officers are superintendent McDArnall of Crawfordsville, -vice-president, I Charles A. Smith, secretary, and George Carroll, treasurer. Victim Of Recent Auto Accident lmpro?ing Robert Bedwell, CE ’42, who was struck by a car last Tuesday afternoon, is doing fine, according to Dr. Miller, of the Student Health Service. Dr. Miller says BedwdVs condition is not critical, although he has two cracked pbs, a broken ahkle aijid a vertibra injury. ' While riding his bicycle, Bedwell was struck by a car driven by Vir^ ginia Royee, HE ’41. r.t.
ton field decorated the dining table of the Alpha Chi Omega dinner whei*e rqshees were served Virginia ham and sweet potatoes. Magnolia trees completed the decorations. At the Alpha Xi Delta house rushees were entertained at an autumn buffet dinner. Individual tables were decorated with leaves and yellow chrysanthemums and candles. Emblem of the sorority, a quill, ■was draped and lighted amid autumn leaves. Rushees were entertained at the Chi Omega house at a Monte Chi dinner at which members of the sorority presented a program. School days was the theme at the Delta Gamma house. Little ted school house served as the centerpiece and rushees were served lunch box dinners. In keeping -with the theme games Of musical chairs, jacks, and spelling bees were played for schedule cards were used for scorihg. Mo-vies were also shown of campus scenes and Popeye and Mickey Mouse comics. Southern Style Yellow talisman roses decorated the table at the Kappa Alpha Theta house where g^uests were served a southern dinner with watermelon on ice cream as dessert. Rushees -were seated at individual tables decorated with pink roses. During the evening the guests were entertained ■with harp selections by Evelyn Gullion. Brita Kraepelien, Swedish exchange student, arranged a Swedish smorgesbord for guests at the Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. YeUow and blue decorations were used throughtout the affair. Nautical Theme Yellow and bronze chrysanthemums formed the centerpiece at the Pi Beta Phi house where a southern diimer was also served. Rimhees were guests at the Nautical PleeVa Inn at the Phi Mu house. Blue delphineums and white chrysanthemums in the center of which were American flags decorated the tables. Preference dinners -will be served tonight from 5:30 to 8:00. In-vita-tions -will be received and signed at the Pan-Hellenic desk in the Union from 7:30 a. m. to 1 p. m. today. Polio-wing the dinners rushees will sign preference cards at the PanHellenic desk. No sorority women ■will be allowed out of their houses imtil 9:00 p. m. following the dinner. Invitations to pledging may be called for at the Pan-Hellenic de^ froid 12:30 to 5 p. m. Saturday and pledging ceremonies may be held any time after 5 p. m. Saturday. \ Professor Lloyd 4.. head of the farm management department, has been in-vited to attend the Land Tenure Conference at Chicago, October 18-20. The conference is to study the relation of farm tenancy to the welfare of the church and is sponsored by the Farm Foundation of Chicago. d.e.b.
CANCELLATION^ Students who desire to cancel courses without grades should da so before Saturday noon, Oct<d»«^ 26th. Canc^ation cards are obtainable from the heads of departments. These cards must he signed by the head of the 'schocd and, if possible, by the head of the depart ment in which the sul^ect is givenw The cards should then he filed In the Registrar’s O^ce. Dean of Men.PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 18, 1940
fl' t) i' iR b It ’A
The British cruiser Ajax chased the Italian ilavy back up into the Alps the other day. With the exception of three destroyers 'which didn’t quite make the grade. That totals a pretty good batting average, counting the Graf Spee. Those boys ought to be given a handicap. * * * \ If they don’t watch their reputation, Hitler will order Dace to bottle them up in the Mediterranean or Atlantic ocean. And there they will be. With their supply of tea shut off. * * ♦ We see by one of the papers that'400,000 registered for the draft on the 16th. What we want to know is where the other 16,100,000 are. The wood pile must be full of draft dodgers. ♦ ♦ * This registration reminds us of the ones we have been going through periodically the past few years. First you stand in line. Then they shove a lot of forms at you. You fill them out. And a little man checks them. The only difference is. They don’t close any sections on you. !|C V * Besides, it is one course you can’t substitute anything else for. Plus the fact that at the end of six weeks.
The Purdue Exponent Entered aa second claas matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March S, t879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in action 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the re^lar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60, Editar-in-Chief. ...K. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor....,.^ .J. H. McKee Managing Editor. J). K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff , Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ..... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. Jf. P, Dolan Associate Editors: J. E. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Ediorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Siess Ass’t Night Ed.: Allanson Night Sports Ed.: Swaim Sophomores: R. R. Runnion, T. B. Novey, R. L. Hadley, J. D. Zinski.
' You would sure play hell dropping the darn thing. —dkh.
Letter To The Editor w B A A
Dear Sir: Has our campus at last received a taste of totalitarianism ? Are the freedoms of Purdue students at last going to be thrust aside in the name of Americanism ? In view of President Elliott’s action preventing the meeting of the Purdue Peace Fellowship to protest conscription, it seems that all this has come to pass. President Elliott has prevented the meeting of a minority group. He has abused a right which our forefathers thought more dear than life itself, the right of public meeting. President Elliott says, “This is an American institution and we intend to maintain it as such.” But -will an institution remain American where its constituents are compelled to think as the leader thinks or not to think at all. This letter does not intend to show malice toward the Selective Training and Serivec Act, but to give protest against President Elliott’s action which, to us, reeks more of Hitler’s methods than of Americanism. Our sympathies are not with the
FRIDAY 11:00—Just About Time 11:15—Memory Lane 11:30—MoAing Music 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Agricultural Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Home on the Land 1:15—Ruth Schlott—soprano 1:30—School Program 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:15—Magic Carpet 2:30—^Tomorrow’s Game 2:45—^Rhythm on Strings 3:00—^West Lafayette High School 3:30—Organ Moods 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—^Ether Editor 4:45—Story Book Hour i Purdue Peace Fellowship, but we do believe that one of our inherent rights has received a blow from which it "will not soon recover. Sincerely, J. F. M. ’43
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. Chemical Engineers: Those who desire to purchase subscriptions at reduced rates to Chem and Met Engineering magazine or the Purdue Engineer along with membership to AIChE must do so before Tuesday, October 22. See any of the following: John Galloway, Ed Czenkusch, John Bruck, Don Swaim, 'Walt Stanton, Dick Kraybill, John Sell, Reinhardt Bergstet, Bob Massey. Chem Engineers: Membership cards may be obtained in Prof. Shreve’s office in Chem and Met Building. —MASSEY.
Ceres: Meeting postponed until Tuesday, October 22. ' —JOHNSON.
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Wednesday, October 16, at 4 p. m. and Friday, October 18, at 4 p. m. for new members as well as old. —SWOPE.
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk not_ seeing the companies they wish to interview. —MILLER. Camera Club: No meeting this week due to change of schedule. Tanco to speak next week on “Portraiture.” —TOWLE.
Forinar Season is just around the corner
Never were formals more enchantitigly lovely than they are this season, in taffetas, velvets, crepes, nets, satins and jerseys. Formal Prices Start at $7.95 I and Graduate Upward to $45.00
Just around the corner at
meeting' for all T & I E students will be held Friday, October 18, at 6 p. m. in East Faculty Lounge of the Union. -ROSE.
Newman Club: Monthly Communion will be held Sunday, October 20, Instead of the usual third Sunday of the month because of Homecoming. Mass is at 9:80 a. m. at St. Mary’s. Breakfast immediately after. " —BENNA.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting and pledging Friday, October 18, at 4:30 p. m. in room 804 of Union. —GORTISSOZ. / Radio Club K Meeting Tuesday, October 22, in EE Building. P. H. Reedy will speak on “Resistance-Capacitance Audio Filter Units.” —^FREEX).
Classified Ads FOR SALB Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Snapshooters: 'Who have inter SS at Fort Knox last summer, please contact me. Tel. 86401. —NORQUEST.
Undergraduate Dames: Rough initiation will be held at the home of Mrs. H. S. Gerstung, 140 South Salisbury st., Tuesday, October 22, at 7:80 p. m. All eligible are urged td attend. —GERSTUNG,
All Cheer Leaders: Check on scholastic index at once. Men and women both and bring, results to me. ' —ZUCK.
Wesley Players: Tryouts for one act temperance play Friday, October 18, at 4 and 8 p. m. at the Foundation House. —PETERSON.
Lost; L. L. Trig. Duplex Slide Rule. Chas. A. Sheets. Call 71902. Reward.
All Bicyclists: All day ride to Camp Tecumseh Sunday, October 20. Get your tickets before 6 p. m. Saturday from any of the following: Vern Vanderbilt, 8446 ; Frank 'Witford, 6086; Wilford Bartelt, 46892; Esther Weed, 36772. —VANDERBILT. Cleveland Purdue Club: Meeting Monday, October 22, at 8 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —STEVENS.
Senior Military: Training films covering horse cavalry and mechanized cavalry in action will be khown Monday, October 21, at 4 p. m. in room 106 of the Armory. Attendance is voluntary. " —MAJOR WORKMAN.
Activities Bureau Staff: Meeting of all senior and junior bureau officers Saturday, October 19, at 1 p. m. —WALLBY. Tau Beta Pi: Meeting of all actives, Tuesday, October 22, 7:30, for election of pledges. Meeting will be held in room 268 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
GRAVES BAKERY FINE BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
Purdue Christian Foundation: Ball game Saturday, October 19, at 1:16 p. m. Meet at the south end of the intra-mural field. —MANGUS.
Freshmen Engineers: All students assigned to engineering lectures will report to Fowler Hall Saturday, October 19. —KNAPP.
Mortar Board: Put addressed invitations in wire basket in WSGA office. Get key at West desk. —TERSTEGGE.
LUMA Today - Sat.—2 Hits TBESI
ARC
TODAY— SATURDAY
INVISIBLE KILER — WITH — ROLAND DREW GRACE BRADLEY — AND — "BULLET CODE" — WITH — GEORGE O'BRIEN
Trade and Industrial Education Students: Iota Lambda Delta get-acquainted dinner
SATURDAY ONE DAY ONLY —
• MARION DALE • GOLDEN VOICE OF RADIO CITY • JESSE JAMES JR. • THERE'S MAGIC IN THE AIR • GAY and GLORIA « SINGING AND DANCING STARS • KERENE • RHAPSODY IN FEATHERS MANHATTAN SYNCOPATORS
z ui Ui fid u </l UI Z Iz o
sorouwmrjuK? FRANCES ROBINSON
Lost: Smalt tan leather zipper coin purse. Green and Red lettering. Reward. Vernon 8904.
Lost: L. L. Trig. Duplex slide rule. Chas. A. Sheetz. Call 71902. Reward.
Lost: Sigma Nu pin engraved F. E. L. BZ ’89. Reward. Call Laramore 8444.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2770.
Room For Rent: Clean and desirious room and board, only 1 block from the campus. For further information call 66014.
WANTED—Driving to St. Louis. Leave Saturday, 6 a. ra. Return Sunday p. m. ’40 Plymouth. $6.00 round trip. Phone 6021, McGhee,
Rooms in new insulated brick home. Private entrance, single beds, tiled shower. RcasonaUlk. Phone 2148.
Driving to St. Louis. Leave Saturday, 6 a. m. Return Sunday p. m. ’40 Plymouth. $6.00 Round trip. Phone 6021. McGhee.
NOTICE BEGINNER'S BALLROOM CLASS WILL MEfeT TWICE THIS WEEK—NEXT LESSON TO-NIGHT 7:30 P. M. NEW CLASSES OPEN BEGINNERS Wed., Nov. 6th, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED Thurs., Nov. 7th, 7:30 p. m. ALLEN’S 6TH & FERRY
wifh I
' VIVIENNE OSBORNE
ADMISSION
TOM
rslEDELt ’ DUGAN
ALL SEATS 'TILL 2:00 P. M.
LAST DAY
TAX INCL.
— 2:00 P. M. to Closing — MAIN FLOOR (Tax Inel.) 44c BALCONY (Tax Inel.) 33e CHILDREN (All Day) 15c
WAYNE MORRIS in THU OJlfcWtIfMC* VIRGINIA DALE LILLIAN CORNELL
aiR
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE --
From Wire to Wiro' the Grandset Racing Romance Ever Filmed!
PLUS
That Roaring Military Laugh Riotl
NEW YORK'! MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
College girls and budding careerists find The Barbizon Mode of Living stimulatea greater achievement. Its socially correct address and environment, its cultural advantages are conducive to success. Home of college clubs. Daily recitals and lectures, music studios with Steinway grands. Library, art studios and gallery, sun deck, terraces, squash courts and swimming''pool. Convenient to business centers, fashionable shops, museums and theatres. 700 rooms each with a radio. T=viff. $2.50 per day from $12 per week • Write for descriptive booklet C
LEXINGTON AVE.,^at 63id ST. NEW YORK CITY
r-
V.V
''V ,'V-
Friday'. October 18. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Riveter Runners Renew Rivalry With OSU Thinlies Tomorrow Attempting to do something that the football team failed to do—officially, the Boilermaker cross country squad will be pitted against Ohio State tomorrow for the third race on the Riveter calendar, with designs on their second victory. Two victories in two starts in the — —r-
record thus far this season for Ed Holderman, senior harnei*, with the remainder of the squad rapidly improving to present Coach Phillips with a more balanced running attack, the Riveter cross country strength seems to liave hit a new high. Close Rivalry ^ For the last two years the Buckeyes and Purdue have finished in ties in two track and cross country meets. Last year in the Big Ten conference meet, the Riveters matched the Buckeye score, ending in a tie for third place. Tomorrow the supremacy will be decided at Columbus when the two teams attempt to break their deadlock. Leaving by train this evening, the squad will head foy Columbus for
their meet tomorrow afternoon. It is the first dual meet for the two teams in several years. . IM Schedules Softball—^Friday, October ■ 18
Diamond
11. Ward 18 vs Ward 88
18. Ward 6 vs Ward 21 (F. Witsman^ 15. Alpha Gamma Rho vs Alpha Tau
Omega (B. Igney-J. Mann)
Umpire
(D. Adams) j
Touchball — Friday, October 18
Field Umpire 1. Sigma Phi vs Alpha Chi Bho (W. B.
Agler)
2. Theta Chi vs Triangle (G. E. Bowers) 8. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Alpha Sigma Phi
(M. Bernhard)
4. Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Delta Theta
(L. Captain) ,
5. Phi Kappa vs Kappa Delta Rho*
(J. W. Hawkinls)
6. Sigma Chi vs Alpha Kappa Lambda
(W. B. McAdams)
7. Delta, Upsilon vs Acacia (R. J. Mc-
Carthy)
Theta Tau vs Sigm^ Alpha Epsilon (E. Sorka)
8.
**First peep out of him was, *l want an Arrow Tie, tooP ”
ARROW TIES A» Outstanding as Arrow Shirts * DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
PHONE 3801
sions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan We are getting so darn tired of explaining who and all about a certain tall, good looking, ex-Purdue football player who is now finishing his education here at Purdue but riot playing football — Stanley “Swede” Thursby. —I-I— Stan is a boy, 6’ 2” to be exact, weighs close to 220, possesses blond wavy hair, has a perfect physique, an iron jaw, and a heart of gold. He is a senior in the physical ed. school and will enter the coaching game after June, ’41. -1-1— The college career of Thursby is one of the saddest I ever heard. In his freshman year, Stan was awarded the freshman.watch for improvement during spring practice, play-
« AT
The UNIVERSITY «5.oo Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Khaki is the color—^with a felt bindingofcontrastingcolor. ’ * * Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50. a 1
B.M.O.G.
A freshman’s dream is to look as smart as a senior
. . . dangle as many keys . . many hearts. Tip to Frosh: Get Arrow Shirts . . . their authentic styles and new collar models are recommended by the big men on the campus. More Arrows are worn by college men than any other shirt.
and capture as
Lift your ego with some Arrows ... in white, solid colors, or stripes. All collar ' sizes and sleeve lengths. $2 up. Sanforized-Shrunk—^fabric shrinkage less than i%.
ARROW SHIRTS
M.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. tmnso. U. S. PATENT OFFICE
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
Sophs Dominate Backfield During Practice Session Easing up on practice last night in preparation for Saturday’s intra-squad game. Coach Elward’s football proteges went through offensive plays in a dummy scrimmage. Perhaps the most noticeable point about the whole practice was the prominence of sophomores in the backfield, big John Petty, outstanding fullback, being the only veteran of gridiron battles of other years. ,
Stanley “Swede”' Thursby.
ing end on that great freshman team of Lou Brock, Leon DeWitte, Jack Brown, etc., that defeated their varsity brothers of Cec Isbell, etc., in the spring practice game. —I-I— “Swede” (he’s really of English descent) played fair football during
his soph year, but during his junior year, the well built grayhound-play-ing end played excellent ball for Elward’s ’38 eleven, and near the end of that season he was a starting end, but the end of his football days were only five months away, and just as he was about to teamed with Dave Rankin to~lform a pair of dream ends. —I-I— The drastic blow came in the spring practice of ’39. Thursby received a blow to the lower spinal column, causing the soft bony structure of that district to create a pressure on the nerves, so abundant in that region. First it was diagnosed as a muscle injury, then a spine injury, but after the life of a guinea pig, Thursby was put through just about as delicate an operation as one could hope for—and then recovered, not for football, but for a life without constant pain. ^I-I— Now, Thursby is back in school, finishing the job football created for him, but now without football. I’ve had the opportunity to observe “Swede” doing his practice teaching at a local grade school and the consideration and gentleness of his technique reminds me of freshman
Rockie Snyder, one of the hard fighting football warriors from the Massilon, Ohio, famous gridiron aggregation was calling signals from the quarterback spot. Marion Carter, brother of the famous Jim Carter, was at left wing back while Tony Berto completed the backfield, three-fourths of which was made up of sophomores.. Jim Rush, a junior, was taking care of Captain Dave Rankin’s spot at left end while sophomore LaVem Bang held down this same spot on the red-shirted dummy defense. Bill Combs, a boy that Boilermaker fans know for his hard defensive play, held up the right wing position of the offensive team. Lacking a scheduled opponent next Saturday the grid squad will have an intra-squad game in RossAde stadium. Minus the support of perhaps the two most counted-on players of this season, Byelene and Rankin, the chances are that many second-year varsity men wiU see action this week-end when the two Gold and Black teams face each other. SPORTS STAFF Night Editor: Swaim Workers: D. W. Meier, B* D. Spofford ^ coach, Elmer Burnham, who can’t be beat in his profession.
Where Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT HERSEY^S 507 Main St. . Lahr Hotel Building
FRANK'S PLACE BEST ON SHORT ORDERS AH Sandwiches
OPENMLL NIGHT 111 Northwestern Ave.
Phone 6301
Come in and See our Complete NEW Display of Special and Everyday GREETING CARDS \ i University Book Store M. C. “Red” Sammona, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you buy your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00
Have You the RIGHT Clothes? You, too, can be in step with the latest styles on the campus and stiU be comfortable in the coldest weather. We can supply you with the clothing appropriate for the cold winter months. *1-98 and *2-98
224 Main Street
reliable clothing go.
street 224 Main
\'4.']• *
■'!V <!> T'-,A"'i‘ 0 / ' T-*'"'s'v'4''^
^ 4
l>U!lDUfi EXPONENT
Friday', Otlbhbtht 1940
v W
Jinufy Jatk
Hatch Act
• Large Assortment of Nationally Known Candies Martha Washington, Schraffts, Bunte. o Special This Month—Halloween Sundae.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
University DruQ Store Next to Post Office N. J. Arth, ’37 D. N. HanseU, ’37
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL.A. RISK DR.LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD..J. RISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
Phone 3928 Res. 6431 MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Lafayette, Indiana
• Jewelers
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St,
HAYS lEWaRY CO. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Edgerton Hdwe. Inc. Better Mdse.—Right Prices If It's Hardware We Have It Phone 4354 We Deliver • Locksmith KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828 • School Supplies Uniyersity Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R.W."Doc"Epple'40
• Tailor
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Right Halfbacks
Editor’s Note: The Exponent reprints today an editorial from the Minnesota DailyIts timeliness with regard jto the voicing of opinions justifies its appearance in these columns. It raises an important question, "Does the Hatch Act interfere with the electoral process?" The Hatch Act is called the “clean politics” law. But it aims to secure clean politics by sacrificing two important concepts fundamental to American society—academic freedom and free elections. The Faculty bulletin of the University of California published, soon after classes started this fall, a statement by one of the university’s lawyers, declaring that the Hatch Act applies to U. of C. employes and faculty, because it is a “state agency deriving funds from the federal government.” ^ Until a test case arises and the courts lay down a definite rule, there can be no autohritative dismissal of substantiation of this view, Joseph Starr, associate professor of political science, told the University local of the Teachers’ Union what the Hatch Act means for this University, which also receives federal funds for its NY A program and for building. Senator Prentiss M. Brown, Democrat of Michigan, attempted unsuccessfully to exclude teachers from the operation of the bill when the 1940 amendment was under discussion this summer. He based his arguments on the studies made by Professor Starr, declaring that the bill would prevent faculty members from speaking pn political subjects and engaging in political activity. “If that is not in substance and in fact a denial of the right of freedom of speech, I don’t know what those words mean,” he said. Another pernicious aspect of the bill has been generally ignored—that of its relation to the whole election system. We favor legislation which will encourage clean politics and minimize corruption. We favor legislation which protects governmental employes from attempts of their superiors to make them support the party in power. But we deny emphatically that these things can be secured by the provisions of the Hatch Act which deprives federal, state or local employes, paid in whole or part by federal funds, of almost all political rights except the right to vote. ' The whole philosophy of these clauses of the Hatch Act seems to be that any political activity is a corrupt and corrupting activity. There can be no more dangerous concept than this, at a time when daily problems of all the people turn upon political decisions and activities of every kind. Casting a ballot is only the culminative act of many which
PLEDGES-
DAD'S
We have all the items you need to
PLACE
satisfy the demands of activities.
So Handy
iVWXA
Ask for Style No. 232*
' GOOD SOUND SHOES ... by far the best we know of at this price. You want facts—not fancy claims— that’s why we feature a brand you know is right stylewise, quolitywise and pricewise. * Feafuring soft tanned, sturdy winter weather calfskin in hand-stained finish. X-RAY FITTING A. B. C. Shoe Co., Inc, 406 Main Street
SAVE 5^ TO lot PER POUND ONI COFFEE AND 6ET BETTER COFFEE UP-CUP
COFFEE
15*
UBRAm0FF£E..\ uNmmmFFiK lu
VAC. PACKED TINS
PIGGLY TVIGCUV
RacquelChaniiilonsliips Decided In Nel Tourneys Three tennis championships were decided yesterday when the finals of the all-campus and freshman net tournaments were played. In process almost since the start of school the tournaments were concluded with the crowning of Dick Stettner in the all-campus , division, Clark Armstrong, sophomore champion, and Walter Dudzinski in the frosh tourney. Stettner won the final game of the all-campus toUrney by a score of 6-1, 6-1, over Clark Armstrong. Both Stettner and Armstrong are sophomores, and when the two met in the semi-finals of the sophomore tournament Armstrong thumped Stettner, advancing to the finals. With scores of 3-6, 6-4, and 6-0, Armstrong won over Bill Van Camp to claim the sophomore championship. Winning in straight sets, 6-4, 6-1, Walter Dudzinski triumphed over
Alpha Zeta
. . . national agricultural scholastic fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men: Clare Beeler, Lafayette, Iildiana; H. M. Gutterman, Bristol, Indiana; Gw A. Hesterberg, Indianapolis, Indiana; E. Johnson, Twelve Mile, Indiana; C. R. Kirkpairick, West Point, Indiana; J. E. Klinker, Lafayette, Indiana; J. C. Thompson, Scottsburg, Indiana; John Walley, Ft. Wayne, Indiana; R. B. Arvidson, Lafayette, Indiana; T. E. Hayes, Bainbridge, Indiana; P. C. Johnson, Mooresville, Indiana ( J. L. Ramp, Brbwnstown, Indiana; R. W. Riggs, Edinburgh, Indiana; A. E. Snyder,,South Bend, Indiana; R. O. Swaim, Marshall, Indiana; M. C. Topliff, Marion, Indiana.
Bob Lichtenberg in the freshman division to cop the rhinie crown, r.o.s.
In retirement for three weeks because of a fractured wri^t, Mike Byelene, left, has left his right halfback position open for several less experienced gridders. A leading candidate for the spot is Swede Anderson, sophomore ball carrier, from Chicago.
constitute the institution of free election. The right to propose candidates, discuss their relative merits and advance the cause of one—^these elements are also essential to the electoral process. Without them the right to cast a vote is little more than the right to say “Nein” or “Ja” in a Nazi plebiscite.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
If we were gamblers we’d lay you odds that your collar points are curling right now, and further-more we’ll venture that you don’t like it one bit. Here’s a comfortable new model that ENRO stylists have designed to preserve your well-groomed appearance from breakfast ’til bedtime. You’ll notice it’s a little shorter and somewhat wider spread than usual. We have new Fall patterns and colors to suit your taste, and this collar is available in the popular wrinklefree style . . . or in a soft collar model with stays. This is an authentic “fashion first” trend, another of our distinctive ENRO SHIRT values ... at $2.
1
.Mil
I y J 'f J
i;