r f*r
; ■?'■«
r
THE WEATE^ For^ast for Indiana: Occasional rain today and tortiorrow; rising temperlature today.
Z-1B5
FBIDAY March 10,1939 lofayette, fadjona Vol.^ No. 134
>
Instructive Talks To Start Big Ten Swimmers To Clash Fraternity Week Monday
Replacing the old “hell week,” for the first time, Fraternity Week, under the auspices of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, will be held Monday through Saturday of next week, March 13 to 18. Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, freshmen will meet in the Union ballroom from 7 to 8 p. m. for instructive talk concerning the University. Monday, President Elliott will talk on fraternity intangibles; and G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school, will give the history and traditions of fraternities ori the campus. Frank Hockema, assistant to the president, will speak on the relation of the fraternity to the campus Tuesday; and Ross Dean, head of the Interfraternity Presidents’ Council, will enlighten freshmen on the value of interfraternity cooperation.
I
Seniors Speak Wednesday On Wednesday, five minute talks by fom’ seniors, Gordon Matthews, Boyette Edwards, Jim Thompson, and C. G. Elliott, will expound the value of the fraternity in school; Sully Mason will discuss the dress of fraternity men; and R. B, Stewart will tell what the University expects of fraternities. Purpose of these meetings is to cut down the hazing and give freshmen a final view of fraternity life. March 16, 17, and 18 will be given over to rough initiation in the chapter houses, followed by formal initiation on Sunday. At 6 p. m. Sunday in the Union ballroom the new initiates and officers of each house will attend a formal banquet. Paul C. Beam, executive secretary of Phi Delta Theta, will be the speaker of the evening. Sororities Plan Meetings Parallelling the fraternity program, campus sororities have been planning a series of meetings to educate their own pledges. Monday from 7:30 to 8 p. m. they will hear the history of sororities in the faculty lounge of the Union. Actives and pledges will both hear “Interfraternity Co-operation” from the national treasurer of Alpha Xi Delta in room 129 of the EE Building from 7:30 to 8:30 p. m. on Tuesday; and Wednesday, dean of women Dr. Hilda Threlkeld, of the University of Louisville will talk on the “Place of the Fraternity in a Progressive Program of Education,” at the same time, and place. Coast Guard Officer Praises ROTC Unit In a letter received recently by Col. D. M. Beere, professor of military science and tactics at the University, T. J. E. Crotty, lieutenant in the U. S. Coast Guard, complimented the Purdue ROTC on its disciplinary action and splendid appearance. Lieutenant Crotty visited the University several weeks ago to show films about the training and service in the Coast Guard. “Purdue is again to be congratulated upon its splendid ROTC unit,” said Lieutenant Crotty. “It is unfortunate that those radical enthusiasts who are ribald in their criticism to military training cannot catch a glimpse of this unit so that they might see the excellent effect military discipline has in moulding the character of the youth of the nation.” This letter is typical of comments received from visitors viewing the, Purdue ROTC, the military department stated. Grad tompleles Training Course in Saies Work Edward H. Martin, ChE ’38, has completed a nine month’s intensive training course in sales at the headquarters of the Armstrong Cork Co., in Lancaster, Pa., and was assigned to active service at the company’s industrial division office in Philadelphia. Pa.
McCrady's Band Will Play'Song Of Week' Tomorrow Harry McCrady’s band will play the student selected “Song of the Week” at the Union Swing Show in the ballroom tomorrow night from 7 to 8. Singing with the band will be a” new freshman co-ed vocalist, whose name as yet is unannounced. Student talent will make up the program on this first all-campus swing show of the semester. On the program are Emma Belle Whitenack, freshman accordionist, playing for her first appearance on the campus, and Elaine Kai’ras, vocal-
ist.
A quartet made up of band members Russ Mock, piano; Vern Droege, clarinet; Bill Sattler, bass; and Vern Breitweiser, drums, will swing out on several numbers. Martha Lommel, regular vocalist with the orchestra, will also sing on the progiram. McCrady’s swingsters will also play for the mixer tomorrow night in the ballroom. Regular mixer hours ^f nine till midnight will prevail with tickets selling for a dollar. Model Plane Fans Will Organize, Discuss Pians Model plane “fans” will meet tonight at 7 in room C of the Union to form a club, which is being sponsored by the Student Union. All persons interested in such a club are urged to attend the meeting by Sully Mason, Student Union activities director. Plans for organization will be discussed at the meeting, and officers may be elected at a later date. Kappa Kappa Gamma... . . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers; Mary Jane Carr, Indianapolis, president; Mary Ann Reimann, Shelbyville, treasurer; Nan Ward, North Manchester, corresponding secretary; Barbara Fleming, West Lafayette recording secretary; Jean Jones, Chicag((, and Jane Schueler, Kokomo, rush chairmen; and Marilyn McKnight, Milwaukee, Wis., social chairman.
• Harry McCrady, whose band will play for the Pi Beta Phi annual winter formal tonight. in the Union ballroom. McCrady’s organization is made up of campus musicians and features Martha Lommel as vocalist. His orchestra will also play for the swing session and mixer tomorrow night. Freshman Injured In Vain Attempt To Attend Pot Burning Injuring his head in a fall from the second floor of the Delta Chi fraternity house, Klete S. Hilbish, freshman engineer, was taken to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital Wednesday night in a semiconscious condition. Hilbish and J.- C. Finnell, another freshman pledge, were locked in a second floor room to prevent them from attending the pot burning Wednesday night. Finnell then jumped to a tree just outside the window and descended to the ground and Hilbish attempted to follow, but he apparently lost his grip on the tree and fell to the ground. After being carried into the house he was taken to the hospital in an ambulance. Hospital authorities reported him resting well arid his condition as fair last night. Jessie Graham... . . . Lafayette, will be queen of the May Day program which is held annually in connection with Mothers’ Day. Mary Cooley, West Lafayette; Margaret Hamilton, of Greensburg; Mary Alice Learning, Valparaiso; Sally McKee, West Lafayette; G;eorgiana Pittman, Indianapolis; Mary Wien, Lafayette; Martha Wood, West Lafayette; and Betty Jo Sexton, Jasonville, will make up the queen’s cou^^t. The queen and her court were seleffeted by a committee of student and faculty members.
Opinion Survey Shows College Students Favor Congress' Cut Of WPA Allotpients By Waldo Niebuhr «
(Student Opinion Survey America) Austin, Tex., March 6—Perhaps pointing to future trends in the important American problem of workrelief, college students of today who may be the nation’s leaders of tomori'ow have declared themselves in accord with Congress’ slash in WPA appropriations, a nation-wide sur-
vey shows.
During the closing days of January Congress rebelled at President Roosevelt’s spending policies and ordered a $150,000,000 cut in relief appi’opriations. That left $726,000,000 to finance the WPA from February 7 to June 30, instead of the $875,000,000 proposed by the ad-
ministration.
In a poll of college youth taken for the Exponent and 82 other college newspapers, the Student Opinion Surveys of America asked students, “Do you agree with Congress in reducing relief appropriations?” YES, answered 63.3 per cent NO, answered 36.7 per cent In keeping with this tendency to oppose the President’s policies, the Surveys’ percentages showing student approval of Franklin D. Roosevelt as chief executive dropped more than two points from the showing during January. College approval of the President has varied
Indianapolis Symphony Received With Great Enthusiasm In Second Appearance
during the last three months as fol-
lows:
Dec. Jan. Feb. Approve of FDR ....62.8 65.5 63.2 However, despite the drop in his popularity during the month, which was probably due to administration bickerings with congress, Roosevelt still paradoxically has almost exactly as many who approve of him personally as he has opponents to his relief measures. ) Breaking down the results of the , relief-cut question by sections of the jcountry, the Survey finds sizeable 'majorities in each section agreeing with Congress: Far Westei’n States 67.8 Southern States 66.7 East Central States 64.0 West Central States 62.4 New England States 63.4 Middle Atlantic States .... 68.7 Typical of the comments on the question was the one given by a University of Kentucky art and sciences student. She said, “Congress has already given out so much money that it has made people lazy, and they don’t want to work.” Taking another view were many who, like a University of Nebraska student, point out that although they believe relief to be undesirable, they “favor its continuation as long as the need
exists.”
I
Prom Permits To Be Distributed In Union At 4 Today Today at 4 p. m. Prom permits will be distributed to juniors and seniors, upon presentation of their passport, from a desk in the main lounge directly opposite the Union
desk.
Permits will be distributed from March 10 to 18 inclusive: from 4 to 5:30 p. m. on week days and 1 to 5 p. m. ■ on Saturdays. Juiliors and seniors, as listed with the registrar, will be the only undergraduate students eligible to purchase tickets. These eligible students must have their permits before they can purchase tickets. Date of the actual ticket distribution will be announced later. Short Course Ends With AnnuaTDinner In Union Ballroom Classes ended yesterday afternoon in the winter short course in agriculture, with the annual banquet honoring winners of the various contests conducted witlij the course, being held in the Union ballroom last night. J. M. Schermerham was named winner in the livestock judging division, Robert Rowe in corn judging, William Gordon in dairy cattle judging, and Orville Francis was declared best judge of dairy products. W. 0. Mills, field representative of the school of agriculture, was the principal speaker, and the winter short course orchestra and glee club furnished music on the program. Commencement exercises will be held this morning in the Horticulture Building with President Elliott passing out the certificates of grad-
uation.
ludependent Dinner To Honor New Staff New staff members of the Purdue Independent will be formally introduced tonight at the banquet in the faculty lounge of the Union. George 'W. Stout, of the editorial staff of the Journal Courier, will address the group after the banquet. The old staff will be present at the banquet and will give over their posts to the newly elected members. Among the other guests at the dinner will be Dean M. L. Fisher; Dean Dorothy C. Stratton; Professor C. B. Murphy, of the history department; and William Bodden, auditor of the student accounts. PIA Tea Dance Will Feature Recordings Of Name Bands Continuing its social program the PIA will hold the third session of its present series of tea dances tomorrow afternoon in the Union ballroom. Dancing will be fi'om 3 to -5:30 p. m. to the recordings of the popular name bands. Stags will be limited to those who sign the stag list which is posted in the PIA office. All coeds are invited to attend. Member eds will (be admitted on the presentation, of their membership cards and nonmembers will be charged a lb cent admittance fee.
Over 1,500 enthusiastic listeners heard Fabien Sevitzky direct the Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra in its second appearance on the University Convocation schedule last night in the Memorial Gym-
nasium .
The first half of the program’ featured Rimsky-Korsakov's opera “Sheherazade,” opening with brilliant counterplay between the harp and violin, this theme being repeated at the end of each of the four movements. The movements are I, The Sea and the Vessel of Sinbad; II, The Tale of Prince Kalendar; HI, The Young Prince and the Young Princess; IV, Festival at Bagdad, The Sea, The Vessel Wrecked Against a Rock Surmounted by a Bronze Warrior, Con-
clusion.
Following the “Scheherazade,” . eager and lasting applause brought the dynamic conductor back to the platform three times, and showed a recognition of the ability of his unusual group of musicians. Especially well received was the work of
the solo violinist.
After intermission three numbers were rendered. Von Weber’s “‘Invitation to the Dance” was followed by McDonald’s “Two Poems on an Aramaic Theme,” and the concluding selection was Franz Liszt’s
“Les Preludes.”
Tryouts Begin For Varsity Show Cast Fifty hopefuls turned out for the Varsity Show tryouts yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall. At the rehearsal H. K. Carmichael, director, stated, “We need at least 200 more applicants to fill the show with the
material we want.”
More applicants are needed especially for character parts, while the managerial staff has been filled. In the revue there are five male and four female leads. Completing the cast will be a dancing chorus of nine couples, and a singing chorus
of 20 voices.
Tryouts will be continued today, beginning at 2 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Plant Pathologists Convene On Campus Eleven plant pathologists, of the U. S. Department of Agrieultiu’e, stationed at Illinois, Ohio, Wisconsin, and Purdue, met here yesterday to discuss plans for investigation of plant diseases with Dr. M. Jenkins, Washington,-D. C., who is in charge of co-operative corn breeding programs between states and the Department of Agriculture. The conference will continue all through today and tomorrow, with many specialists from the Purdue Agriculture department and prominent farmers -taking part. Sergeant T. J. Purchia Receives Promotion Sergeant T. J, Purchia, of the military department, has recently been promoted to the rank of tech-
nical sergeant.
Well kno-wn throughout the campus as “Shorty,” Sergeant Purchia has had a long period of seiwice on the Purdue militai-y staff. Beginning his enlistment in the Quartermaster Corps, dui-ing which time he served in Mexico, Pm*chla later sei'ved with the infantry. In 1920 he came to Pm-due with the rank of sergeant which he held until 1930 when he was made a staff sei*geant. He is due for retirement in 1942.
Playing host to the Big Ten s-wim-ming meet, Purdue will face competition of national championship caliber today and tomorrow in Big Ten championship competition. The title - meet will begin this afternoon at 2:30 o’clock with preliminaries in fancy diving and the 50-yard free style events and will continue on through tonight, and tomorrow eve-
ning.
Ohio State and Michigan have been established as co-favorites in the affair on the basis of their two 42-42 ties in dual meets during the regular season. Waldemar TomsM, ace free style sprinter, who bettered Big Ten marks in dual competition, and Captain Tom Haynie, defending champion and record holder in the distance free styles, are expected to give Michigan a big edge in first places. The Buckeyes, however have balanced strength coupled -with such outstanding individuals a& A1 Patnik, who holds national and Big Ten springboard di-ving titles; Bob Johnson, free style sprinter and other equally dangerous men. Plenty of choice seats are still available for all three sessions of swimming championships. All seats are reserved and can be obtained at the ticket office. Inasmuch as the meet is sponsored by the Big Ten as a whole, student passports will not be hon-
ored.
This afternoon’s di-ving competition will bring together some of the nation’s best, including the above mentioned Patnik and Adolph Ferstenfeld and Hal Benham, of Michigan, who were ranked third and fifth respectively. Other entries who are expected to wage a strong battle for points are Tommy Powell and Bert Kreis of Northwestern, George Wildhack of Purdue, Leonard Klun of Minnesota, and Lawrence Hayes of Iowa. Preliminaries in all other events will be held tonight and the finals tomorrow night. Novelty Company Representative To Interview Seniors Visiting the University in the near future, E. W. Jochim', of the Mills Novelty Company, -will interview senior mechanicals for employment with his company. The factory consists of three plants, engaged in manufactinring refrigeration products, coin operated vending machines, both mechanical and electrical; and coin operated amusement machines. Men selected for the jobs will be put through a training course of one to two years, in which they spend a month in each of the various factory departments, thus giving the^t^a knowledge of the products plus practical plant experience. Upon completion of the course they may develop into design engineers, production foremen, or methods engineers. Two pien from the upper quarter of their class both in scholastics and personality, having worked part of their way and being familiar with shop practice, are preferred. Anyone interested may sign up in Prof. G. A. Young’s office in the Mechanical Biulding, and those selected wilj be called to the Personnel Office for interviews. New Officers Eleded ^ Alpha Xi Delta Sorori^ Alpha Xi Delta, social sorort^, held the annual election of officers recently and the following of« ficers were chosen: Virginia Steele,, president; Dorothy Ells, vice pmtdent; Car’ol'ine Singer, seeretnry; Helen Rae Wilson, treasure^.iiiim
£dibfdaL
THE PUBDTIE EXPONENT
J'JtcdWUlA,
Friday. March 10. 1939
A
Lecture Proceduremm. ... is one of the most important points to be considered when judging a teacher. If an investigation were made, it would probably show that there are as many different forms of this procedure as there are teachers. Procedures utilized by good teachers, however, fall in an entirely different class from those used by mediocre and lazy instructors. Good teachers have a repertoire of devices which they use to bring a class out of its lethargy and to build up enthusiasm for their courses. The devices or “tricks” as they might be called are usually somewhat out of the ordinary, although many successful ones may be simple and habitual. A good teacher is ready at all times to try out these devices if necessary to create interest in the subject matter he is trying to teach. Some educators argue that a university student should not have to be spoon fed, that it is not desirable for an instructor to attempt to “sell” his course to his students. We are very much opposed to that point of view. In our opinion the foremost purpose of a college is to dispense education. If eds and co-eds must be convinced that they need education, that’s too bad—-but that fact does not excuse the college from its responsibility. Good Teaching Tricks.,. ... we have run across vary a great deal. Several instructors have gotten attention and encouraged interest in technical subjects by the simple artifice of sending the class to the blackboard to work problems. A variation of this, which we have seen to be extremely effective, is to assign the class a blackboard problem and call on individual students at random to go up and put successive steps in the solution on the board. An economics instructor kept his class enthused by precipitating arguments during the last minutes of class. He would make startling statements and then let nature take its course. A small and exceedingly shrill whistle aided him in keeping the class awake. Each time he blew it the rest of the class got a satisfying laugh at the expense of the dozing ones. Wit and humor are always effective, but should pertain to the subject. Experiences from industry as long as they serve to illustrate the lesson can be used to very great advantage. There is something about a discussion of first-hand experiences that is infinitely more interesting to a student than any printed textbook description can ever be. Demonstration lectures are one of the best forms of interesting instruction we have come across. At Purdue they are all too few. We have run across them in chemistry and in a few engineering subjects. They could be used in almost any course dealing with concrete objects, however. The drawback presented by demonstration lectures lies in their difficulty of preparation. A good demonstration that can be seen and understood by ^11 members of the class is worth the extra effort—it can teach student more than many hours of lecturing.
the Purdue Exponent Entered aa second class matter at the post oilice in lAfayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of llarch 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108. act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and-weekly during the Summer S^ion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief.— — Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managing Editor.
City Editor.
L. 8. Hardin
J3. A. Bailey Associate h^tors G. W. Fr^erick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Eroeplin, D. G. Terrlo, J, C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antonint Circulation Manager. — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugher^ National Advertising Manager JH. W. Nevin Ammunts Manager. _..W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor. Sally McKee Associate Editors — Joy Johnson. Georgeann Schilling, Bet^ Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor Associate Editors-
..R. L. McDonald
J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
EDITORLdL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPRKSENTKD TOR NATIONAU ADVERTISlNQ Br National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison AVE. NewYork, N. Y. CHicASO ■ SoaTON ■ Loa AseaLts - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Houston Issue Editor Friday, March 10, 1939
Several professors have worked up interest in their courses by letting students do all the explaining. They have mastered the technique of cross-examina-tion and ask leading questions which cause the students to think out the theory behind the lesson. We have seen classes develop formulae and work out solutions to problems they had never met before when the instructor merely guided the train of thought instead of explaining the material. Knowledge learned by this method sticks in the mind. Many other “tricks” have been used. The good teacher is one who is continually trying new devices to gain interest and attention. It would be interesting to get together a description of all of them used at Purdue, but, in the meanwhile, we earnestly believe every teacher would better himself if he gathered together his own collection and gain practice in their use.
—m the Browsing Room
TODAY IS ENOUGH By Ruth Lininger Dobson One of the latest additions to the Browsing Room is Ruth Lininger Dobson’s novel Today Is Enough. It is listed as one of the nine outstanding new fiction books by a recent popular vote of publishers. Mrs. Dobson won the Avery Hopwood Prize in 1937 with her novel “Straw in the Wind.” Mrs. Dobson is a beautiful woman and while at Purdue in 1928 and 1929, she took an interest in student activities. She had the lead in the main Playshop production in ’29; was a member of Kappa Kappa Gamma, Alpha Lambda Delta, Scriveners, and was a worker on the Exponent. Mrs. Dobson says of her latest book, “The locale is a small town in Indiana which I hope might be any small town anywhere in the United States. The story, itself, is about a young wife who ‘grows up’ or at least, reaches maturity of understanding that enables her to face tomorrow unafraid.” “Today is Enough” tells how the love of a young wife for a minister, enables her to forget, or at least to firmly push aside, her old crowd— a fast, modern set of rich young people. She becomes accustomed to living in a small town and»at last finds out the really important things in life. The story is excellently written and very interesting to read. Come to the Browsing Room and read a sample of the really fine work produced by a Purdue co-ed. Who knows ?
To insure a steady supply of the “stiffs” they became nocturnal grave robbers and subscribed sufficient funds to purchase spades, crowbars, picks, ropes, and hooks. After 12 o’clock they would journey to a cemetery and conduct what they facetiously called an “operation.” Circled Globe Twice After graduation he assumed the the role of a struggling young doctor in the village of his birth. The wanderlust seeped into his veins, and in no time at all he had circled the globe twice. He fought leprosy in Cuba and Venezuela, and smallpox, bubonic plague, and native superstition in India. Adventures stranger than fiction seemed to haunt this proficient medicant. While he and his wife were traveling in South America to study a tropical disease, their boat, carrying a cargo of dynamite, ran into a fierce tropical hurricane. Be-
cause of his interest in hay fever they were lured to Labrador. When automobiling in India, their car killed a sacred bull, smashed a railroad gate, and demolished a religious procession. While attending a circus, the woman next to them collapsed from the pains of childbirth. Distinctive of “I Swear By Apollo,” is the vividly human interest and ti’ue-to-life dialogue which fills the adventurous life of Dr. Aughinbaugh. Not only has he seen men burned at the stake, but, well, you read the book!
Ex-President Herbert Hoover has been awarded a Doctor of Engineering degree by Stevens Institute of Technology.
Sixty-nine colleges and universities in 24 states and five countries are represented by University of New Hampshire faculty members.
I SWEAR BY APOLLO By William E. Aughinbaugh, M.D. Dr. Aughinbaugh was born in a quaint Virginia town. His father was of Yankee blood, and his mother had been a nun in New Orleans. He studied medicine at Washington. Because of a shortage of funds and a scarcity of cadavers, he organized the Hippocratic Exhumation Corporation, Ltd. He became its president and general manager.
Our modern cleaning service is designed to aid you in keeping your wardrobe fresh and new looking — and your appearance always at its best. if You’d Shine, Avoid ’’Clothes Shine” Our special shine-removing service takes that distressing polish off your garments at the worn spots and makes them look fresh and new again.
NORTHWESTERN AT VINE PHONE 4081
wm
And of course, there’s a tree out in front of school that certain people can hang me up to . . . just any time! . . . but don’t blame me because I step on people’s toes ... no personal thoughts enter into the situation . . . thoughts about the new eds fashions give us a bad case of the shudders . . . JIM MILLER has taken to wearing part of his pajamas to school... I suggest getting up a little earlier in the morning, JIM! Wow! Has AL “call me Gunga Din,” ROSSI been around! He even caused Professor JIMMIE JAMES to blush by asking embarrassing questions .... he’s (AL) getting a very good college education! Pi Kappa Alpha pledges went on a spree Saturday and exasperated the members by staying out all of the night . . . when they did return at 8 a. m. Sunday, one of the members was kidnaped and given a good dunking in the Wabash . . . did you see a bunch of weary boys trudging up the trolley tracks from the river Wednesday night each carrying a cupful of water? ? It all goes to show . . . pledges always lose! Nothing like a good week-end trip back home ... to return with new ideas and such .. . MAXINE KING took her little jaunt last week and came back with the idea that she no longer wanted' her pin . . . property of ROKE BUENTING . . . guess the gal is now back in circulation ... is this news? BOGEY MIHAL must be pretty confident of himself . . . the very idea offering to bet any brother in the Sig house two to one that he can put his pin out on a certain girl on this campus . . . just what does this romeo think he has to slay the gals in such a way? You might be crossed up, friend . . . just watch your step! Phi Kappa Tau... . . . fraternity announces the election of the following officers; A. G. Bignall, president; H. M. Tomlin, vice-president; H. S. Williams, treasurer; H. B. LaForce, house manager; R. D. Hultgren, secretary; E. L. Yeager, steward; K. K. Banton, social chairman; L. M. Hinrichs, sergeant-at-arms; and F. P. Caddwell, athletic manager.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
“Are you a parent, too, or just an authority?”
Cinema Cues
By Betty Wickard Show: “Stage Door.” Where: New Main Theater When: March 9-11. One of the classics of the theatrical profession, “Stage Door,” was transformed from a great stage play into a great movie, much to the surprise of everyone concerned. Not a small part of this unexpected success was the remarkable cooperation of Ginger Rogers and Katharine Hepburn, each a top-class actress in her own right. Hepburn plays the part of the stage-struck^ society girl with a dexterity which may have been in part due to her own strikingly similar background. Ginger Rogers has an opportunity to display acting as well as dancing ability in the role of the little chorine who wanted to
get ahead in the world. Adolph Menjou is properly suave and sleek in the role of the producer who is on the lookout for beauty. All the heartaches of a theatrical troupe, the wait for" bookings, the burning ambition for footlights, and applause pass before us in the cheap boarding house home of the girls. “Renfrew on the Great White Trail,” with Charles Newill, a story of adventure in the far north, will complete the bill. SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
LUNA TODAY-SATURDAY
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
mmK AiieTsoNiisi! ELEANOR LYNN ( in movie aiudio crime thriller, ff^o'iiADio'tS!','
f^Baker, USTSTMD
I
4 NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
— ALSO — 'FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS/' Serial
iKoiteient with tlie SileKors W!
HndsrworM
KAY FRANCIS-Jame. StephcnRoo — PLUS —
20c UNTIL 6:00 After 6:00: I0c-20c-25c
uiRniEru TODAY-SATURDAY
mWU! iHLf'Rlim! "Fast Company's" gay sleuthing Sloanes again...with more mystery thrills for them more hovds for you’
MASS
^Alll
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Adventure in the snow country with the Singing Mountie IT'S FIRST RUN
(>•t ^ %
• f (<!'
’T
1
r.
Friday, March 10,1939
THE PURDUE
SpOiJtA.
EXPONENT
Three Sports Teams Face Big Ten Meets This Week-end
Trackmen Invade
Purdue Swordsmen Battle In Chicago At Western Conference Carrying’ Purdue’s hopes, six men will journey to Chicago today to battle in the Western Conference fencing championships. The meet which will be held at the Medinah Club, begins Saturday morning with the epee division leading oif. The foil and sabre divisions will be held early in the afternoon with the individual championships closing the
show.
Chicago IS the heavy favorite of the six schools to carry off honors. Ross of Chicago has strong backing in the foils while Gustafson, also of Chicago, vrill be a strong contender in the sabre. Illinois has high hope for Corbett, a sophomore, in the epee division. Other schools to be represented are Northwestern, Ohio and Wisconsin. The men who carry the hopes of Purdue include Meier and L<evin in the epee, HoflFman and Mierson in the foils, and Captain Stepath and Weldy in the sabre division.
A move has been started in the Iowa legislature to move the state college of engineering from University of Iowa to Iowa State College.
Intramural Musings By Jim Hebbeler That class “A” fraternity basketball championship is still undecided despite the supposed final game last night between Lambda Chi Alpha and Kappa Sigma, which was won by the latter team 17 to 15. It seems that Jack Brown of the Kappa Sig team played the last two minutes of the game with four personals—a mixup on the part of the scorekeepers. A protest was then lodged by the Lambda^ Chis and will be considered by the Intramural Board this afternoon. The big athletic carnival is fast approaching—March 23 from 7:30 to 9:30 in the Fieldhouse. Fraternity, ward, and Cary Hall teams might do well to have some men come to the Fieldhouse for practice in passing the batons for the relay races. The fraternities could do some work on their clown stunts
as well.
Bob Juve and Tom Jackson are the finalists in all-campus squash tournament, and will decide the affair either this afternoon or tomorrow. Both boys are members of the varsity, but had some trouble getting through with the large handicap placed upon them.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
PRAISE BE TO ARROW • • • Tape Stripes for Spring
Designed particularly for college men, this Arrow ensemble of shirt, tie, handkerchief, and underwear is destined to find it’s way into every college man’s wardrobe.
Authentically styled to the minute, tape stripes, spaced wide apart on a pastel colored madras will make this Arrow shirt a must for a well dressed 1939. Every shirt has the incomparable Arrow collar, Mitoga shaped fit, and is Sanfonzed-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). In chalky colors of blue, grey, and green. Get yours today— $2.50. Arrow ties designed for these shirts .... $1.
ARROfV SHIRTS
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Baseball Team Prepares Four Matmen Leave Spring Grid
Practice Will Start Monday
For 30-6ame Schedule With Indoor Workouts
Faced by a difficult 30 game campaign the Boilermaker baseball squad is preparing for thqjrapidly approaching diamond season with renewed vigor, encouraged by the sudden demise of winter sports. The prospects for a winning team appear bright since the Boilermakers lost only Krause, Mangas, and Joe Waling from last year’s successful combination. Led by Captain Jimmy Thompson, the regular shortstop, 30 returning lettermen and especially good sophomore prospects have been working out in the Fieldhouse for several weeks. Pitching prospects for the coming season look bright, with Arnie Bredewater leading candidate for the hm’ling honors. Bredewater’s arm, which has been ailing since last summer, has been worked on all through the winter, and his salary wing should be in good shape when the Riveters go into action. Warner, major letterman from last year, seems to be the second choice for mound duty. The pitching staff has been augmented by the presence of Ruppert, a transfer from John’s Hopkins, and Doan, who played at first base last year. Navta and Emmert are the leading sophomore hurling aspirants. On the other end of the Boilermaker battery combinations will be Art Bredewater, Yeager, and Fisher, returning regular catchers. In the infield, Danowski and Smithson will carry most of the burden at first base; Heame and Lyboult will manage affairs at the double-play sack; Thompson will be at shortstop; and Mackiewicz will hold down the hot corner. Leading candidates for positions m the Gold and Black outfield Dickinson, Dean, Vernon, Stamm,
For Chicago; Seek Conference Titles
Four members of the wrestling squad left yesterday afternoon for Chicago, where they will compete in the Western Conference wrestling championship tournament in the University of Chicago gymnasium. The team will be accompanied by Coach Reeck. Members of the Purdue contingent will be Berkheiser, 121 pounds; Linderman, 136 pounds; Post, 165 pounds; and Aronson, heavyweight. In view of his outstanding work, Harold Berkheiser, a senior in Electrical Engineering, was elected as honorary captain for the past season by his teammates in a squad meeting before the departure for Chicago yesterday. Norman Willey, junior 156-pound member, who did well on the mat this year until hampered by a knee injury, was chosen to lead the 1939-40 squad. Outdoor Sports Enthusiasts Meet To Plan Outing Club Eds and co-eds interested in hiking and outdoor sports met recently to organize an Outing Club. Plans for trips, overnight hikes, hayrides, steak fries, bird hikes, and a sunrise breakfast were discussed. Virginia Bray, who was in charge of the meeting, stated that all eds and co-eds who are interested are invited to join. The next meeting for the purpose of drawing up a constitution and planning more ac- . tivities will be held Tuesday, March 14 at 7:30 in the Union. The room will be announced later.
Kurtz, and Lorenz will probably back up the Purdue infield a good share of the time.
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HUNECK’S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PAINT
Phone 3841
Issuing the first call for the Boilermaker varsity gridders who will start their annual spring practice on Monday afternoon. Coach Mai Elward remarked, “There’s no war this summer, but there will be in the fall. Look who’s on the warpath. Notre Dame, Minnesota, Michigan State, Santa Clara, Iowa, Northwestern, Wisconsin, and Indiana will all be out after our scalps. “Let’s all go out Monday and brush up on that Boilermaker block and tackle for use on the Irish, the Swedes, Miss Indiana and all the others. Every one is a tough one, but no Boilermaker ever looked for something easy to do. Purdue likes ’em tough!” Third Week Entering their third week of practice as the regulars begin to work out, the freshman gridders will be able to operate on a par with the seasoned men. Since Boilermaker hopes for another successful season will again depend upon reserve strength, these rhinies will bolster the Boilermaker squad as it faces the toughest schedule that a Purdue football team has played in many a year. Since the center starts every play, and a ground-gaining play must have a good start, one of Coach Elward’s toughest problems for next season will be to develop a center who will be able to back up the two returning pivot men, Momingstar and Axton. Hobbs and Lueger look as if they might be the men that Mai needs. Intramural Schedule
BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Rechenbach 7 00—Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Delta Theta. 7 ‘Is—Ward 6 vs Ward 2 8 26—Ward 4 vs Ward 6 8 40—^Ward 10 vs Ward lOX Court 2—Witsman 7 00—Ward 32 vs. Ward 11. 7 16—Kappa Sigma vs Theta Tau. 8 26—Ward 3 vs. Ward 12A. Court 3—Kurtz 7 00—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa 7 16—Ward 2B vs Ward 14 8 26—Ward 7 vs Ward 18 8 40—Ward 12 vs. Ward 16
BADMINTON 4 16—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Sigma Alpha Mu 4 16—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma. 4 16—Sigma Chi vs Beta Theta Pi.
Coe College’s new campus social center has been named “cocktail lounge.”
Decker's
Equipment for All Sprit^g Sports The baseball season starts now. Your intramural teams must have grade A equipment to win. We can show you the best in the baseball line at reasonable prices. Come down NOW and pick yours
out.
TENNIS RACKETS Spaulding Ardmore $3.95 Spaulding Mercury $5.95 Spaulding Top Flite $7.50 GOLF SUPPLIES Jones Woods .$4.95, $8, $10 Thompson Woods $8 and $10 Balls 35c, 50c, 75c BASEBALL EQUIPMENT Rawling's Baseball Gloves 400-V $4.95 Bill Doak $7.95 Jim Botfomley $8.50 Baseballs 95e, $1.35, $1.65
This weather calls for getting out and indulging in your favorite sports—tennis and golf. Be sure you have your equipment ready so hurry over and let us furnish you completely at moderate
prices. ^
518-520 Main St.
Decker
Phone 6477
Chicago Today For Conference Meet To participate in the annual Wes-^ tern Conference indoor track meet Coach Hermon Phillips’ track squad will journey to Chicago today in an effort to make a better showing than its recent performance in the Windy City. The Boilermaker team garnered third place in a triangular meet with Wisconsin and Chicago last February 25 and are “about ready for anything to get up higher,” according to Phillips. Chief hopes for the Riveter cause are Art Bodeau, Ed Holderman, and Steve Gutting. Bodeau is a threat in the half-imle honors, while Holderman and Gutting are potential winners m the mile run and hurdles respectively. Gutting Opponents Gutting will be opposed by Michigan’s ace hrdler, Elmer Gedeon, who will defend his title in the 70 yard hurdles. Other competition in the hurdles are Smith of Wisconsin and Collend of Iowa, who have turned in consistent performances during the cuirent season. The following men will be entered m the preliminaries for the meet: Bodeau, Gutting, Holderman, Kessler, Knapp, Weber, Luther, Simmons, Gaulke, Menke and Marozick. “Red” Shackleton is still on the injured list with a spiked foot and he may not make the trip, Phillips said last night. Greenie Track Squad Stymies Ohio State A Boilennaker freshman track squad defeated Ohio State’s greenles last week by a score of 45 to 27 m a dual meet, according to compilations of exchanged results made by Howard Wilkening, freshman track coach. This is the fourth successive postal victory of the season for the yearlings. The summaiy of the meet follows: 60 yard dash—Baneker and Strpyeek, Purdue, tied for first, Carr and Collins, Ohio State, tied for third. Time :06.4. 440 yard dash—Kron, Purdue, first; Gano, Purdue, second, Collins, Ohio State, third. Time :61 8 880 yard run—Won by Jarvis, Purdue; Drexel, Ohio State, second; Jones and Kron of Purdue tied for third Time 2 03. One mile run—^Won by Jarvis, Purdue; Haynes, Ohio State, second; Smeltzer, Ohio State, third Time 4:43. Two mile run—Won by McLaughlin, Purdue ; Haynes, Ohio State, second, Shulman, Ohio State, third. Time 10.30. High jump—Won by Livingston, Ohio State; Joorfetz, Purdue, second, Bertini, Ohio State .third Height 6 ft. 10% mPole vault—Meckley, Ohio State and Carter, Purdue, tied for first; Stimmel, Ohio State, third Height 11 ft, 6 in. Shot Put—Crawford, Purdue, and Bertini, Ohio State, tied for fii^st, Mullen, Purdue, third. Distance 43 ft., 8 in
Thirty U. S. Colleges use crimson as their school colors.
t it's the newest nail polish shade conceived in Peggy Sage's exclusive New York Salon ... a soft rosy violet that turns the skin to porcelain ... harmonizes with the new fuchsia make-up ... accents this season's favorite costume colors! You'll like the way Peggy Sage polish takes life's hard knocb ... and if you've been troubled with brittle nails you may find that the Peggy Sage treatment is the answer to your problem!
60^
You'll want to try SATINBASE tool
LOEB&WENE COMPANYH ” ^^ %% v^
^Caad. OdA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TbjtkttA,
Friday, March 10, 1939
iT ''■H y k
Mrs. James Will Sing In Music Room Sunday Mrs. Hubert M. James, of Lafayette, will furnish the program in the Union music room Sunday at 4 o’clock. She will be accompanied on the piano by Mrs. C. Haven Smalley. Her program will consist of a group of old English songs, German Lieber songs, modern French songs, and modern English songs. Mrs. James attended the Univei’sity of West Viriginia and did considerable graduate work at Radcliffe College in Cambridge, Mass., While there she sang with the Radcliffe Choral Society. Later she studied voice and piano at the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston. From there she came to Lafayette. Bureau Will Keep Freshman Records For Private Use Typed records of freshmen inter- ^ lews are now being filed away by the Activities Bureau. These records, about 1,300 in number, are kept in the Activities Biiieau office, and they are to be consideied private records to be used by the Bureau only. At the same time the interviews were being held, letters were sent to the heads of the various activities informing them of the freshmen interested in their activities.
Bucknell University English instructors are having their voices tested to aid them in making their lectures more interesting.
Research at the University of Illinois is proving that air-condition-ing materially aids a patient’s opportunity to recover.
Wesley Foundation Will Sponsor Folk Games Party A spring Folk Games Party will be held by the Wesley Foundation this evening at the West Lafayette Methodist Church at 7:30. Miss Lois McGaughey will lead the program which will consist of quadrilles, folk games, and folk dances of various European countries. Music for the evening will be furnished by W. D. McEachron at the piano. Refreshments will be served under the direction of Miss Helen Winger. There is no charge for the party and all students are invited. Scientists Pick Remmers For Education Secretary Dr. H. H. Remmers, of the University education and applied psychology depaitment and the division of educational reference, has been notified of his selection as secretary of section Q (education) of the American Association for the Advancement of Science. His term of office will be for two years. Assignment to this office makes i Dr. Remmers primarily responsible for the organization of two annual programs. Purdue Riding Club Will Sponsor Show Plans for a riding club show to be held May 14 were discussed at a meeting of the Purdue Riding Club held recently in the Union office. The show, or Gymkhana, will be similar to the exhibition held by the club last year, and will be a feature of Mother’s Day week-end. Members of the club must pay this semester’s dues before they may
POPCORN A GOOD HEALTH FOOD A WHOLE GALLON FOR 15c
DAD’S PLACE So Handy
n
ew ^emimne
a^vc
Dazzel that man-of-the-moment with a swirling new gown as glamorous as this! It's demure, off-the-shoulder decolletage will show off the creamy whiteness of your throat and shoulders to perfection.
$12m . 516«
•'flgsiwe*
participate in the show, Irvin Summers, club president announced. Dean Meyer was elected vicepresident of the organization to take the place of Ed Little, who is not in school this semester, at the meeting. The next meeting of the club will be held Thursday, March 23. ' '
badminton, ping pong, shuffleboard, and deck tennis will be offered. No swimming will be oifered this week. Co-eds and eds are requested to wear white rubber-soled sports shoes, as the locker rooms will not be available for use. Fifty people attended the last mixed recreation.
WAA News
MODERN DANCE DEMONSTRATION Under the direction of Miss Helen Knight, members of Purdue’s modern dance group will present a lecture demonstration on modern dance composition at Indianapolis, Thursday morning, March 30, for the American Health and Physical Education Association. This organization, which is composed of physical education teachers in high schools and colleges, is holding its mid-west district meeting in Indianapolis at this time. In the evening, there will be a dance lecital given by dance clubs from Wisconsin, Northwestern, Indiana, Ohio State, West Virginia, Michigan, Ball State Teachers College, and Purdue. All the dance clubs will^^contribute then finished dances. The dance gioup from Purdue will be composed of 12 giils, chosen from a group of 20 who are rehearsing now.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, ail makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
IP YOU WANT—Delicious home-cooked meals, eat at Townsend’s 648 Mam Street. VERSATILE MUSICIANS—Tryouts for European voyage. See Chuck Coe, 416 State, Saturday
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—White gold Bulova wrist watch Phone 6812. Reward
FOR SALE—Furnishings complete in every detail for looming house. The house IS to be rented to students Good location. Ill E. Columbia, W. Laf. Phone 75253.
LOST—Jeweled Kappa key Return to Vivian Maxine King, 326 Waldron 4079.
ROOMS FOR RENT SINGLE ROOM, private lavatoiy. Also double loom Reasonable rent Piivate home 464 Maple St Phone 4988
MIXED RECREATION Purdue Sportswomen are again sponsoring mixed recreation this evening from 7:30 until 9 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Volleyball,
Notices
WAA Tumbling: Important practice in the Women’s Gym Friday, March 10, at 4
—COOK.
COLONIAL GARDENS TOMMY TUCK-ER INN Why Can’t You? Dine Dance
she shall wear Flowers
May we remind you that flowers from Roth's are distinc-
tive?
• Orchids • Gardenias • Roses • Violets • Sweet Peas
fi
l^otLd ^ionsi Luna Theatre Building Phones 7955-8050
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCQME AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD • REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olqt^een drug stores 410 Main Street
UniAn Co-eds: All freshman girls on our committees report to the Student Union office Friday, March 10, at 4 p. m. —COOPER, HRUBY. Purdue Engineer: Freshman and sophomore workers see work schedule In office for assignhiehts. Interest will be gauged by attendance. No more work notices will be run in the Exponent. (8-12) —SQUIRES.
Christian Science Organizations: A free lecture will be given by Robert Stanley Rose, C.S.B., Tuesday, March 14, at 7:46 (>" p. m. in the faculty lounge. This (eoture replaces the regular meeting. —MACK.
Junior Chemical Engineers: Inspection trip assessments are due. Pay in room 107 of Heavilon Hall before March 21. Those applying for excuses should do so at once. —LQVELL.
Purdue Engineer: The following men should report to th^ Engineer office Friday, March 10, at 4 p. »m.: Botsford, Lantz, Martinek, Kinnear, Freeman, and Branner. —SQUIRES.
Freshmen Engineers: All those enrolled in GE 2 report for Engineering Lectures Saturday, March 11, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Seat assignments are posted in Michael Golden Shops. There will not be a copy of the seating list in Fowlei Hall Saturday morning so know your seat number before you come to the lecture —KNAPP.
Sophomore ForOnsic Managers: Report i> for work In Union lobby to help with National Forensic Conference all free hours on Thursday and Friday, March 10 apd IL , — Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting and initiation Friday, March 10, at 7:30 p. m, in room A of the Union. Projects will be assigned. ' —STRADUNG.
CE 59 Conditions: Examination for the removal of “C” grades will be given Saturday, April 16, at 1 p. m. in room 201 of the CE Building. —WILEY.
Senior Personnel Data Sheets: Proofs of the following people must be checked in the Debris office If not checked, proofs will be assumed correct. i C. F Reed, R V. Frepch, D E. McCoy, F. H. Flack, C. E. Clutter, J. M. Wiggins^ R. G. Rice, J. C. Becker, C. E. Parker, W. D Rodney, Jos Ball, M Reeves, R. E DuBois, R. E Miner, J. R. Hopkins, R. C Meleney. (3-12) —HENSLER
History, Economics, and Government: Examinations for the removal of conditions in History, Economics, and Government will be held Saturday, March 11, at 1 p. m. in room 313, Recitation Building. All students who plan to t»ke the exam should register with the department office before March 9. —ESTEY.
G. E. 11—Engineering Drawing: An examination for the removal of “C” and “I” grades will be held Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in loom 201, Michael Golden Shops. Students planning to hake the fexamination must make arrangements with, the undersigned on or before March 16. —RISING.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Monday, Maich 13, at 7 :30 p m. in the Union ballloom. Selection of pledges. -^ACKS.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, Maich 12, at 7:30 p. m in the Union. Inquire at desk for meeting place. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Playshop: The spring party win be held Saturday, March 11, from 9 to 12 p. m. in the Union faculty lounge. There will be dancing, skits, and refreshments. Get tickets from Bob Hettema or Ruth Bennett, forty cents per couple. —HETTEMA.
Poultry Club Members: uues are payaole before Friday, March 10th. —JENKINS.
WSGA Executive Board: No meeting this week. Wait further notice. (3-11) —BEAMING.
Newman Club: There will be no Newman Club breakfast on Sunday, Match 12. —KASSER.
ME 31: Examination for removal of condition or incomplete in ME 31 will be )ield Saturday, March 18, at 1 p. m. in room 301 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Make arrangements with the undersigned on or before March 11, v —MESSERSMITH.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
To freshen-up your second-best clothes, before the Easter rush. Let us call for them.
Don’t Let Your Hat Get Too Dirty!
Only
We OeanJhem
• T© liOOiC •
Phone 3085
50c
American! Dependable Dry Cleaners
4
'Y
A
the Purdue Exponent
Service
Directory
• Booksferes
• Jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHA4AKER This is all wa do, but we do it woU. Opposite Post Offieo Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.DJi. HAROLD j. RISK—D.D5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building dh and Main f^ona 570?
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
MAURICE P. LORD
• Florists
DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street i Phones 7955—8050