This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FfUDAY May 27, 1938 Lafoyette, tadiaifo VOL. 49 No. 190
Winter, Efaards Will Pilot Debris
Hockema Speaks At Final Session Of Rush School
“If I were to go to a University, I would choose one first, because of its faculty,” said Assistant-to-the-President F. C. Hockema in his speech before the final meeting of the Fraternity Rush School last night in the tower room of the Union. “In this respect,” he continued, “I believe Purdue must take - its hat off to no one.”
Thus Professor Hockema developed the title “Selling Points of the University.” Other points he mentioned -were University products m the prospective student’s home town the University’s enviable reputation, and the fact that the student
body is one big family.
Stewart Talks
Cary Club Honors Scholars^, Afliletes At Annual Banquet At the annual Cary Club senior banquet Wednesday evening in the East Hall, six senior men were hon01 ed for outstanding scholastic and athletic achievements. Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter made two presentations, the Potter Improvement award to W. H. Alee, ME ’38, and the Freshman award to K. J.
Thompson.
R. B. Stewart, University controller, presented the service award to J. C. Lome, ME ’38, while Dean of Men M. L. Fisher awarded the Fisher scholarship plaque to H. Hopkins, P ’38. L. M. Vallely, Union manager, presenffed the annual Intramural award to Cary Hall East. Spitzer literary awaid, presented by Assistant Dean of Agriculture Fieeman, resulted in a tie between L. M. Comee, EE ’38, and H. Hopkins. Cary Merit awards, given to the outstanding seniors in each hall, went to H. Hopkins in the East Hall and W. B. Reed ME ’38, in the North
Hail.
Dr. Hadley of the mathematics department made the merit awards, and G. 0. Arbuckle, hall manager, acted as toastmaster for the ban-
quet.
Students Attend Peace Convention At 5:30 this morning, a delegation of students fiom the Purdue Student Alliance and Roger Williams Club, representing the Peace Committee of allied student organizations, left by automobile for Washington, D. C., to attend a national peace convention. The convention will begin Satur- * day and will end Monday noon. War pioblems will be discussed, and plans made for organization of the peace work. Some of the prominent speakers to be heard are Smedley D. Butler, and Norman Thomas. University representatives are D. ,A. Wiight; D. Paarlberg, G. R. Culp; C. A. Baldwin; and Dr. R. G. Risk, dentist. They will letuin on Monday, May 30. Tau Beta Pi Elects W. Smith President At a meeting held yesterday afternoon in the Union Building, the members of Tau Beta Pi, engineering honorary, elected the followingofficers: W. H. Smith, president; L. E. Keck, vice president; D. W. Clugston, corresponding secretary; Dick Guffey, recording secretary; B. D. Witwer, treasurer; and W. S. Craft, cataloguer. Kappa Sigma... . social fraternity, announces the initiation of R. S. Armstrong, Nutley, N. J.
University Controller R. B. Stewart presented a different angle to the rush chairman’s problem when he asked, “Are you selling your fraternity and the University, or are you buying stale fruit?” Stewart suggested that fraternities have in the past been selling themselves and not considering the material they" were buying. “This material,” he said, “will in fouryears be the seniors of your house, the ones to uphold the traditions. It will be in their power to supervise the exemplification of your fraternity’s rituals.” “Maybe you pay too much for your whistle,” Stewart continued. “These freshmen, when seniors, will be in part what you build them, but you must have some material to work with.” “Problems of Admission” Mr. C. E. Dammon, assistant to the dean of men, spoke on “Problems of Admission,” outlining the different ways in which a rush chairman should be prepared. “Know-your catalogue, know the University conditions at the time of the interview with the prospect. Do not belittle other fraternities or universities, be supplied with sufficient booklets about the Univeisity, and strive for quality and not quantity in the prospective pledges,” cited Dammon in the course of his speech. Sheets Lists Pro-reasons Former Student Union President Tom Sheets listed six pro-reasons on the subject confronting every freshman—“Why Join a Fraternity?” Friends when one needs them most, character building responsibilities, better opportunities for so(Continued on page 4) Mixer Maestro
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Local showers and thunder storms today and possibly tomorrow. Not much change in temperature.
Speech Clinic Seeks Dialects For Recording What part of the country are you from ? The Purdue speech clinic is conducting a study of the various dialects of the residents of the United States and foreign countries, and is looking for people who can aid the project. Phonograph records will be made of dialects representing New England states. New York, Southeastern states, Southwestern states, and California. Foreign students or any persons in this district from Poland, Scotland, England, France, Italy, Sweden, Norway, or Russia, are m demand by the clinic to make complete the recordings of the English speech of foreign students. Clrnrc officials request any persons who would qualify for any of these dialects to report to Miss Mildred Temphn at the speech clinic, located in the basement of University Hall. Brady Receives Pin, Tiiree Get Skins At WAA Sports Spread Miss Veronica Brady, retiring PEW instructor, received a lifetime pin and skin, Purdue’s highest WAA honor, at the WAA cabin sports spread last Jiight. Miss Brady is leaving the physical education department staff to go to New York. WAA members to receive skins were Mary Ellyn Delaplane, this year’s president of WAA, and Emily Tubbs, president of Sportswom-
en.
After receiving then “P” monograms, awarded for 1,000 WAA points, Irene Boehm, Pat Clymer, Jo Cook, Georgia Walker, Jeannette Morris, Katherine Merritt, Pauline Swick and Jean Campbell were pledged to Sportswomen. Ward 2 won the Intramural Participation cup, and the sophomores were presented with the Class cup. Eight girls received their class numerals. They are: Martha Whitehead and Amy Perry, baseball; Mona Balcom and Mary Louise Goff, archery; Dorothy Jean Bates, Ruth Hauptli, and Eugenia Little, bowling; and Evelyn White, tumbling.
Senior ^39 Debris Staff
F. W. Winter Editor-in-Ohief
Virginia Laramore Co-ed Editor
Boyette Edwards Business Manager
J. A. Emslie Photography Editor
May Engineer Exhibits New Type^ Includes ^Recommended Reading’
Copies of the May Engineer, first issue under the new staff, will be distributed this week-end. The newest issue displays brand new makeup features and several type faces new to Engineer pages. First copies rolled off the presses yesterday
afternoon.
A sheet of “recommended reading” IS included with each copy of the May issue. This list, prepared by a committee of five professors and University men, suggests best reading _in the fields of essay, poetry, drama, history, biography, fiction, miscellaneous, and recent
books.
Distribute Lists Two thousand of these lists will be placed in the Union, browsing room, and Library today, ex-edi-tor D. D. Baals said last night.
Bud Bryant^ Band-master Bud Bryant and Jo Friend, his “vest-pocket Venus of song,” will make a last appearance before their graduation at tonight’s mixer in the Union ballroom. The mixer replaces the Union Summer Formal originally scheduled for the evening. Some of the songs most requested during dances for which he has played will be presented by Bryant and his 13 piece band. Jo Friend will sing “Basin Street,” “Annie’s Cousin Fanny,” and a “Pretty Girl Medley.” (Continued on page 4)
Open Letter From Dean Potter To The Engineering' Students of Purdue University: Most of you are ready to make plans for next summer. It is desirable for an engineering student to utilize his summer vacations either in gaining practical experience or in improving his educational preparation for his life’s work. Present industrial conditions are such that undergraduates will experience difficulty in finding worthwhile temporary employment during the coming summer. , For those who are unable to make suitable industrial connections, the Summer Session program of Purdue University for 1938 is of particular interest. This Summer Session will prove helpful to students who on account of poor praparation, ill health, transfer from other institutions, low grades, or other reasons have become irregular. Then there are large numbers of engineering students who should be interested in improving their preparation by pursuing additional non-technical, scientific, or technical subjects. There are still other students who realize the importance of graduate study and who find it advantageous to utilize the Summer Session in accumulating advanced credits so that in four years they are in a position to complete a considerable portion of the requirements toward a master’s degree. The 1938 Summer Session of Purdue University will have facilities to take care of the above groups of students and in addition is planning certain special features which should prove most helpful to you in broadening your outlook on life. May I urge in particular that freshman and sophomore engineering students who are irregular take advantage of the Summer Session in getting into step, so that they can complete the requirements for a degree within a reasonable time? Since classes are small during the Summer Session, students find they can secure special attention from teachers during that period. Details concerning the Summer Session, June 16 to August 13, 1938, can be secured from the office of the director of the summer session, Dr. F. B. Knight, main floor of the Executive Building, If I can assist you personally with any of your plans, please feel at liberty to call upon me. A. A. POTTER, Dean of Engineering.
“Sidelights” are found on the two center facing pages. An outgrowth of “Engineering Forum,” but with a new facial treatment, they picture and explain new and interesting engineering developments.
“Air Brake Test”
W. A. Halt, ME ’40, presents a complete discussion of “The Purdue Ail Biake Test” and D. W. Williamson, For. ’39, tells how to go about “Making Your Own Pictures.” “The Futuie of the Iron Horse,” “Studies of Time and Motion,” “Roller Gates,” and “X-Rays in Industry” aie included in the table of
contents.
The Physics depaitment takes ovei the “Purdue Pei sonalities” department, with Dr. K. Lark-Horo-vitz leading off the column. Deadline for all entries in the Engineer cover design contest is tomorrow, Managing Editor W. C. Piechter stressed last night. SDX President
D. A. Bailey Donald A. Bailey was elected president of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic honorary, at a meeting of the organization in room E of the Union last night. Other officers who were elected are: L. S. Hardin, vice-president; J. P. Taylor, secretary, and W. C. Prechter, treasurer. Bailey is city editor of the Exponent, and Hardin is managing editor. Taylor is editor-in-chief of the Engineer, and Prechter is managing editor of that publication,
Laramore, Emslie Take Co-ed, Photo Senior Positions F. W. Winter, CE ’39, and member of Pi Kappa Phi social fraternity, ^ was elected last night by the Debris electoral board to the position of editor-in-chief of the University’s yearbook. Boyette Edwards, ME ’39, Beta Theta Pi, will serve as next year’s business manager; Virginia Laramore, Sc ’39, Chi Omega, will take over the co-editorship; and J, A. Emslie, ChE ’39, Theta Xi, will fill the position of photographic editor. In the election, which lasted over three hours, the Debris board, consisting of the present senior yearbook officers and three faculty advisors, selected the 1938-39 staff under the provisions of a new amendment to the Debris’ constitution. The new staff will take office immediately. Active duty, however, will not begin until next fall. Junior Editors Junior editors for the coming year are R. A. Anderson, A. C. Perrin, W. B. Strong, and 0. F. Smith. Co-ed juniors elected are Maiy Petticrew, Dorothy Johnson, Margaret Saurer, and Mary McLaughlin. Junior photographic editors for next year’s annual will be D. R. Wray and R. H. Dyer. J. G. Swinney, R. C. McNeil, D. H. Gridley, and Sarah Parker Wynn comprise the junior business staff for the ’39 Debris. Miss Wynn is the first co-ed to be elected to the position of junior business manager in the history of the yearbook, according to outgoing Editor-in-Chief Ehinger. Retiring Editors Comment Retiring officers last night stated their views on this year’s meritelection. Said Editor Ehinger: “Practically all of the election, and in particular that for the job of editor, was very closely contested. I am sorry that all three boys could not have become editor, because I am positive that any one of the thiee could handle the job very cap-
ably.”
This year’s business manager, A. A. Siebenthal, commented: “I feel confident that Boyette Edwards will finance a bigger and better book next year.” Edwards Makes Statement “I consider myself very fortunate to have been selected to woik with such a fine group on next year’s book,” said new Business Manager Edwards when called last evening. “I feel certain that I express the feelings of the whole new staff when I say that our one aim will be to uphold the high standards set by the outgoing staff.” In legard to the photographic woik in the next Debris, Photographic Editor Emslie stated that “in this coming year, we hope to be able to obtain considerably more cooperation with members of the Camel a Club and the amateur campus photographers. The ’39 annual will contain just as many, if not more pictines than this yeai’s edi-
tion.”
Alpha Zeta Holds Senior Farewell Picnic Today Alpha Zeta, agriculture honorary, will hold its picnic this afternoon at Joe Imel’s farm, three miles east of Mom'oe. Members will honor departing seniors at their outing. Soft ball and horseshoes are on the schedule of activities, and a wiener roast will conclude the farewell outing. Theta Tau . , . . . . professional engineering fraternity, announces the pledging of George E. Garcina, Gary, and Roth ert W. Ort, South Bend.I
•SP
£diJtifdaL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Kjumua.
Friday, May 27, 1938
Jha ^diioh Sas^A: Dean Potter’s... . . . letter to engineering students printed on the front page of today’s Exponent deserves the careful consideration of nearly every student on the campus, whether engineer or otherwise. Reasons for attending summer school are always plentiful, but this year another vital factor has entered the case. As Dean Potter points out, the outlook for summer employment is extremely poor. With industry laying off men because of widespread recession conditions, the chance for undergraduate students to get jobs for the short three months period has almost disappeared. For students who have become irregular or behind in their work. Dean Potter recommends the 1938 Summer Session as a profitable way to spend June, July, and August holidays. We heartily endorse this recommendation, because we’ve known a great many students who have successfully spent their summers here, catching up with their classmates. We’ve seen students flunk regular semester courses flat, then come through with good Summer Session grades. The chance to concentrate studying time on two or three subjects instead of the regular semester’s six or seven is one of the things that contribute to this summer success. ‘Recommended Reading’... ... is the Purdue Engineer’s heading for the classified list of books they have included in this month’s issue for the benefit of the “intelligent reader, with limited time and a limited literary background.” Four University professors, and the outgoing Engineer editor compiled the list, putting President Elliott’s Five Pound Shelf at the top. In addition to the lists that will be distributed with Engineers, 2,000 extra copies have been printed and will be made available in the Library and in the Union browsing room. The lists were compiled in the hope that students, finding summer leisure awaiting them would welcome a worthwhile reading program. Congratulations... .. . are again in order—this time to new Debris officers Fred Winter, “Bottle” Edwards, Jack
the Purdue Exponent
MEHaePt
Entered as Second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct, 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscription $3 per year; by mail $3.B0.
Editor-In-Chief
Business Managrer
H. I. Stanback
R. R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. yE. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager- . . ... W. P. Berg Sales Manager .. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Hennlnger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L, McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-ln-chief.
Night Editor—^Terrio Issue Editor—De Hoog Friday, May 27, 1938
Emslie, and Viriginia Laramore. The electoral board, limited for the first time to only seniors and faculty advisers, was closeted in the Debris office a long time last night, showing perhaps the difficulty it encountered picking a 1939 senior staff from the hard-working, capable junior staff that helped publish the Debris this year.
must make no comments about it. Being friends with smokers and drinkeis necessarily conveys toleiance.
By Joy Johnson Many times it is wise and necessary to conform to customs or the wishes of the crowd with which one goes. However, the matter of drinking or smoking is an exception to any rule of conformity. There is no reason if you do not drink or smoke, and go with a crowd that does, for you to feel out of place when the cigarettes are lighted and the glasses filled. Many girls and fellows start the smoking habit because they feel that they will make their friends uncomfortable if they refuse a cigarette. For the same reason, they do not lefuse drinks although they do not want them. The desire to be a “regular fellow” is strong. If you do not drink or smoke because you have scruples against it, your friends will not mind if you abstain. However, do not state your views on the subject loudly and often. 1 If you go with a crowd that drinks and smokes, there is no reason why you should. However, you
ARC
collegiate
One course in the everyday curricula of college students that is not neglected is sleep—and the average collegian sleeps 56 hours every week. At least, those are the facts determined by the University of Wichita education class of Dean L. Hikhuis. “The tabulation showed,” the survey report said, “ that the persons working the most hours study the most. One student, who works 50 hours in a local dry goods store, spends 26 hours in studying. On the other hand, a girl sleeping 60 houis, does no outside work and studies but 10 hours.” Another conclusion drawn from the compilation was that the student who sleeps the least spends the most time studying. * .i 1- i< This story’s for you if you are
one of those folks who are worried about the mounting national debt. A University of Alabama economics teacher recently reported to one of his classes that the debt now stands at some $37,558,369,963—and his statement inspired the school’s chief doodler and one-man boom to the pencil and paper industry to stay up late one night to produce these fancies and figures. If the debt were in one-dollar bills and if they were placed end to end, they would encircle the globe at the equator 145 times, or they could be used to make a bridge to the moon $15 wide. If the currency was stacked 16 to the 16th of an inch it would form a pile 1,181 feet high, higher than the Chrysler Building. In aiea, these bills would cover 149.6 square miles.
LUMA TODAY — SATURDAY
TODAY — TOMORROW
riCTVRU
->AND— fREATH-TAKING CRASHES ON GLEAMING ICE! m
*t»rr!og JOHN WAYNE A NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE „ ^^PAINTED STALLION'^ No. 11
A
TODAY — TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
BLAZING BARRIERS — with — Junior Coghlan Edward Arnold, Jr.
—PLUS— ALEXANDER KORDA’S GREAT MUSICAL*
— with — PATRICIA ELLIS
iiARS
—LAST DAY—
STARTING SATURDAY
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liclity
/
CARL PANDEL ... Phi Kap lover .. . recently planted his pin on VERA “Theta pledge” HUGLE, and the brothers tell us that they would like to have some FRESH CIGARS
for a change.
What is the matter PANDEL, is that romance of yours as stale as your cigars, or do you find VERA the expensive type. THE CARY CLUB “Razz B^quet” turned into a miniature riot the other night, when the lads discovered for the first time that HAL LOWNIE has been engaged to a Buffalo gal for a year. THIS SEEMS TO be the solution to the problem of, “Why he has dated the co-eds that he has.” WE NOTICE BY the paper that there were 36 men in the Historical Pageant Wednesday, that have walked 650 miles or more . . . most of which were college men. All of which makes us feel very silly as we think of how much h ^1 we raise when we have to walk from a booth to the counter, in the Sweet Shop, to get our coke. FELIX MACKIEWICZ . . . Purdue’s 3rd baseman. . . had to help the team win the two games from Minnesota in order to get his U. of Minne.sota co-ed to call him up. MAYBE IF WE got nine U. of M’s co-eds together, and have them promise to call the victois, we could sew up this year’s Big Ten base-
ball conference.
Dear Meddlesome Mae: Heie’s a little problem in Purdue etiquette I’d like to have cleared up. While attending the Rialto theatre
‘Hello—Nifty Paperhanging Co. ? I don’t think you sent me the wallpaper I ordered!”
in Chicago last week-end, the chorus sang and danced to “Hail, Purdue.” Should I, as a faculty member, stood up? Sincerely, Doubtful. Dear Doubtful: The only time that anyone stands up in a burleycue is when he spots an empty seat in the third or fourth row (the seats in the first two rows are always filled). Then it is every man for himself. Glad to help. Meddlesome Mae. This appeared twice in the same column of the DAILY ILLINI, so we figure that it is at least worth a try. THE FORMULA that will make our eds and co-eds tops, is just one word, “Aquickglanceandweakeyes.”
11:00—Appreciation of Shakespeare, Prof. R. W. Babcock. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12:15—Noon Melodies. 12:30-—-Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market and Weather Re-
ports.
-Joe Snodgrass, guitar. -Melody Time. -The Monitor Views the
News.
-Frank Triboulet, tenor.
2:00—America’s Hours of Destiny.
2:30—True or False.
3:00—Lafayette Music Society. 3:45—Dorothy Dunlap, piano. 4:00—Basebell, Indiana vs. Purdue
1:301:45-
We Carry a Complete Line of ARROW Shirts and Ties GULLIOM’S . West Lafayette
ON YOUR NEXT DATE
^RROW COLLARS
V/ear an Arrow Starched Collar You’ll Le amazed to see how much a detachable white starched collar can do for your appearance. Try Duncan, most favored hy young men. each
arrow shirts, ties, handkerchiefs & UNDERWEAR
Buy, ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREETj--
Friday. May 27, 1938
THE PUHDUE
EXPONENT
i®ilermaker line Battles Hoosiers Here Today
Indiana To Defend State Track Title; Riveters, Hotre Dame Are Chief Threats
Co-ed Sluggers Whip Fast Faculty Baseball Team, 9-7
Defending her topheavy victory in last year’s state track meet, Indiana will again provide stiff competition for her major Hoosier rivals, Notre Dame and Purdue, in this year’s edition at Bloomington tomorrow. The Hoosier squad won last year’s meet with 73 points. Notre Dame was well behind with 48 counters and the Boilermakers were third in the nine team field with 22 points. Bob Lemen was high point man with 11 tallies to his credit. ——— ^— —
By Georgia Carroll
Phi Delta Theta Wins; Plays Alpha Gamma Rho In Final Tilt Tomorrow
Indiana Stars
Indiana presents several individual stars who have put on fine performances during this spring’s dual meet season and at the Big Ten conference meet last Saturday. Outstanding among these is Mel Trutt, who finished uncomfortably close to Wisconsin’s Chuck Fenske in the mile. Tommy Deckard, Hoosier two miler, who finished third in that event at the Big Ten meet along with several firsts in earlier meets.
vault. Shoemaker will also be gunning for a repetition of his last year’s, victory in the pole vault.
Notre Dame Also Strong No toe Dame can also boast of a strong squad this year. In Clifford, she has one of the best dash men in the state. Clifford specializes in the 100 and 220 yard dashes. In the distances, the Irish have Rice and Francis, milers, Gormley, two mile man, and a well balanced relay team. - • -
Smith will be defending the first .;place in the mile which he won last year. Elliott took third in the 220 at Columbus Saturday. Miller placed fourth in the 880 and Shoemaker tied for third in the pole
Faymonville and Leonas have been turning in creditable performances in the discus and high jump this spring. Each won his event in last Saturday’s Irish triumph over the Marquette Hilltoppers.
PORTRAIT and COMMERCIAL PHOTOGRAPHY
HINEA'S 634 Main Street
8 and .16 mm. Eastman Movie Cameras Kodak Miniature Cameras A Complete Line of Photo Supplies For the Amateur
\\
SUMMER
IN THE
SWEET SHOP
ff
Be sure to make this one of your themes this summer. The Sweet Shop, as well as the many other recreational features in
the Union, will be open this summer.
J/UL fiwidusL WjufuftiaL lAmofL
Corner of the Campua^Yet the Center of AddvUies
Hard-slugging and swift-sliding freshmen trounced an equally fast and smooth facility baseball team, 9-7, yesterday afternoon on the women’s athletic field. A last inning rally, staged by a team freshmen in name only, clinched a twopoint lead and the game—but only after a heated struggle. Jean Bailey, former MacMurray College frosh, tossed sizzling strikeouts for the faculty. Martha Schroeder and Georgia Walker tended the mound for the “freshmen.”
Betty Smith, freshman, attracted special attention when she removed her shoes and sprinted around the bases to bring her team the 9-7 victory. . “Homerun” Hazeltoii^ PEW department head, was not to be outdone by anyone. “Over the fence is a home run,” she claimed, and then proceeded to slug. “Southpaw” Connelly, WRH, who was caught waving to a friend, missed a fielder’s choice and paid the penalty by having to crawl under a barbed wire to remove the. ball. “My qualifications as a baseball player—well, I have plenty,” modestly admitted Miss Helen B. Schleman, director of WRH. “While I was teaching physical education at Ohio State, I taught Bobbie Connelly, an apt student, a few tricks, too.” The only self-conscious member of the faculty team was Hilda ‘Short-stride’ Schwehn who blushed nervously before her turn at bat. “This is the first time I’ve touched a baseball in two years,” she giggled. Acknowledging their defeat Ske good sportswomen, the faculty had breath left for a lusty cheer for the freshmen, who admitted that it had been a tough game. Captain Hazelton led the faculty. Her teammates included Connelly, Brady, Bailey, Thompson, Nance, Downing, Martindale, Schleman, and Schwehn.
In a hotly contested game yesterday afternoon. Phi Delta Theta trounced Alpha Gamma Rho to the tune of 6 to 2, in the final round of the interfraternity baseball finals. The two teams will meet again tomorrow to decide the fraternity championship. By taking the measure of the SAE’s day before yesterday, the Phi Delts earned the right to meet the Alpha Gam’s as winnfers of the losers bracket in the tournament play. In winning yesterday afternoon, the Phi Delt’s forced the championship round into the second game, since they, as winners of the losers’ bracket, had to win tivo games to the Alpha Gam’s one. Show Up Well In yesterday’s contest, the Phi Delts showed up well in every department, making only two errors in the field and knocking out 11 hits to six for their opponents. Neither side scored until the second inning, when the Alpha Gam’s forged into the lead by two runs as they pounded out three hits for their only scores of the game. In the third inning, however the Phi Delt’s tied up the score when Cec Isbell drove out a homer and crossed the plate with the tying run. In the fifth inning the Phi Delt’s clinched the game by driving in four runs and holding the Alpha Gam’s scoreless to win by a margin of four runs.
Board To Elect !M
Managers Toaighf
Sixteen thousand mirrors lighted up the Green Key prom at Dartmouth College.
Haverford College leads all men’s colleges in the amount of endowment per student.
Junior and sophomore intramural managers to serve during the second semester of next year will be elected tonight by an election board composed of M. L. Clevett, intramural sports director; H. C. Boyer, senior manager for next year; and Miss Mary Leadbetter, secretary in the intramural office. Portions for the first semester have already been filled. Two present sophomores are in line for the job of junior manager: M. A. Keller, and H. F. Luchtman. Freshmen eligible for the two positions as sophomore managers are; R. H. McGhee, A. E. Evers, R. K. Reading, and A. D. Steele.
T he whole college is talking about them —the low fares, we mean! An^ no wonder, with the back-home movement almost ready to begin! You can travel the Greyhound way—^in Super-Coach comfort at otdy i/3 the cost of driving, at far less than by other public transportation. See your Greyhound agent today—or tomorrow anyway—about schedules and savings for your trip homel
UNION BUS SATION 5th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2105
Sample One-Way
Fares
New York $13.50 Chicago ..... 1.95 Boston 15.70 Cleveland ...... 5.80 Washington.... 11.50
Pittsburgh .. Louisville .. Cincinnati .. St. Louis ....
7.20 3.20 3.00 5.00
Philadelphia.... 12.25
Fehring Chooses Arnold Bredewater Hurler In First Of Two Game Series
In a last effort to make their chances of fig’uring in the Big Ten baseball race this year materialize. The Boilermakers meet Indiana this afternoon at 4 o clock in the first of a two game series-which will wind up the diamond season for both teams. While the Riveters are trying to hold onto their mathematical chance to finish ahead of the Hoosiers, Indiana will be doing its best to keep in front of the Hawkeyes, who are making a strong
bid for the title.
League Standings
9
13 12 16 15 18 23 18
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won Lost
New York ! 22 Chicago 21 Boston 16 Cincinnati 17 Pittsburgh 15 St. Louis 13 Brooklyn 12 Philadelphia 9 Yesterday’s Results All games rained out. AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won Lost
Cleveland 22 Boston 19 New York 17 Washington .......... 19 Chicago 12 Detroit 14 Philadelphia 11 St. Louis 9 Yesterday’s Results Boston, 8; Cleveland, 4. New York, 5; Detroit, 1.
Washington, 12; St. Louis, 10 Philadelphia, 4; Chicago, 1.
Pet. .710 .618 .571 .515 .500 .419 .343 .333
11 12 12 17 13 17 19 22
Pet. .667 .613 .586 .527 .480 .451 .367 .290
By Winning,..
At present, Indiana is on top of the heap with six wins and two defeats, while the Boilermakers have won five and lost four. To step up ahead of the Hoosiers, Coach Fehring’s men will have to win both today’s game and the one tomorrow. Bredewater On Mound Arnold Bredewater, who has hurled the Boilermakers to four Big Ten victories in four starts so far this year is “Dutch” Fehring’s first choice for today’s mound duty. His brother Art, will be on the receiving end of his pitches, while the rest of the batting order will probably be the same as that which faced Chicago Wednesday. Tomorrow’s game will end the college careers of four men on the baseball squad. Mangas, one of the sehiors, is in line for the staz'ting assignment on the mound. Tentative plans for a double-head-er with the Hoosiers to make up for the game at Indiana which was. rained out earlier this season have been called off at the I’equest of Indiana officials.
. . . over the Sigma Nu’s in the final ihatch, the Pi Kappa Phi Class B tennis doubles team annexed the championship in that class last night. The Pi Kap’s represented by Fred Winter and Robert Munro won in two sets, 8-6 and 6-2. In the class A competition, the Beta team earned the right to meet the Phi Kappas in the finals tomorrow by defeating the Sigma Nu’s in a hotly contested match, 10-8 and 8-6. Morse and Ferris provided the winning combination for the Phi Kappas, just nosing out Anderson and More, Sigma Nu netters.
Intramurals
—'Foday— Tennis Dan Morse vs. Jap Powell. Silva vs. D. L. Mann. Anderson vs. Goerss.
Faculty Tennis Fields vs. Robinson. Fatout vs. Miles. Huffman vs. Visscher. Clevett vs. Grubb. L’Heureux vs. Greiner.
t CARBURETOR YELLChSOLE
?|25
New way of burning tobacco — better, cooler, cleaner. Carburetor-Action Cools smoke. Keeps bottom ofhcwX absolutely dry. Treated with honey. Get the genuine.
UPDRAFT
L L n.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your
selection.
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
eld
FLY
to the
500
Take Off From
PURDUE
Fly to Indianapolis Over the Track See the Race Then Back
RACE
For Only Five Dollars We Are Going RAIN OR SHINE
Just Call 41641 THE PURDUE AIRPORTI
<
wm
^CaoaL (ULbu
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TUdtksA.
Friday. May 27, 1938
o
lost—I.ambda Chi Alpha fraloMiity pin on tlie women s tennis court. Reward. Call 8411. Kennedy.
LOST—Spiral notebook. South corridor of Recitation Building. 0. F. Smith, 51301.
CARRIER BOYS — Desiring to deliver papers for the Exponent next semester, write Circulation Manager, Purdue Exponent, 312, N. Fifth St., Lafayette. Give summer addi'ess.
ROOMS AVAILABLE—One block from campus. $10 for entire summer session. Phono 41051.
LEFT—Raincoat and music in the tower room Monday night. Finder call Bud Bryant. 4456.
LOST—Cameo ring, keepsake. Large reward. Call Holmes 16803.
LOST—Green Scheafer Lifetime fountain pen. Phone Janota 5754. Reward.
ROOM WITH BATH—For summer session foi' two nien. Twin beds. Aci’oss from Union Building. 116 North Gi'ant.
FOR SALE—Must sell modern 8room California bungalow. Hardwood finish, beautiful parquet oak floors, outside everlasting cypress, full basement, soft or hard water, automatic system; completely redecorated inside and out, new plumbing fixtures, dandy kitchen and bathi'oom. Nice room for den or study downstairs. Two full lots, fine lawn, bearing fruit trees, nicest street in town, new evergreen and perennial plantings. Finest material throughout. Could not be duplicated in Lafayette for less than $9,000. Only 20 minutes easy drive. Cut living expenses one-third. Taxes only $35 a year. A genuine bargain at $4,500. Open for inspection night and day. Donald Clark, Mulberi’y.
^ f SHOES FOR MEM
//
Tropicals'
Drop by and look over these two new smart Jarman “Tropicals” — ventilated to bring in the breezes, smartly styled in the newest leather tones of the Season.
Other Make^ at
$4-00
B &W
Shoe Co.
121 IS. 4th St.
Hin [Nciiniic
WEDDING ANNOUNCEMENTS
Prices include Plate, Stock, Stamping, inside and Outside Envelopes, Tissuing and Inserting. '
S Sng/uufed WEDDIHG INVITATIONS
Presenting a beautiful new Engraved letter style . . . exquisitely engraved . . . traditionally correct . . . priced for the modest budget and for the thrifty, affluent one.
Smart indeed the bride who chooses RYTEX ENGRAVED WEDDING STATIONERY . . . correct in every detail ... as hauntingly beautiful' as the Wedding March. Let us show you the complete RYTEX Engraved line.
HAYWOOD'S
"Everything for the Office" Fifth & Ferry Sts., Lafayette, Ind. PHONE 4085
• tiie Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC“ Everything for a College Educotton H. G. ROSN®
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything ior the Purdue Student
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
• Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS
NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowera 6.50 ond up.
Delivery service on Mowers.
MULHAUPrS
Phons 2828-209-11 N. Sth 8L
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
Florist
^JthJIoued
Inc.
635 Main St. In Lnna Theatre Baildinsr
Phone 7955—8050
Hockema Speaks(Continued from page 1)
University Club Names Officers
University Notices
Ne Motleca Accepted After 8 p. m.
Bryant has' played on over 200 luncheon dance time programs, and appeared on the Pontiac Varsity Show over NBC last semester. He was also musical director of last year’s Union show, “Castles in the Air.” Glen Goff and his band will play for another mixer tomorrow night, and will conduct a free swing session in the ballroom from 7 to 8 p. m.
Mixer admission prices will be one dollar, and dancing will continue from 9 until midnight.
University Club members named Prof. Howard W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, their new president at the club’s recent meeting in the Union faculty lounge. Dr. George A. Hawkins of the mechanical engineering school was chosen vice-president. Prof. Muriel G. McFarland of the division of education and applied psychology was named secretary-treasurer. Retiring officers are Prof. F. C. Hockema, president; Prof. F. C. Gaylord, vice-president; and Prof. Helen W. Hazelton, secretary-treas-urer.
Applied Design Work
Mixer Maestro--(Continued from page 1)
Goes On Display Today
cial and extracurricular activities, scholarship, and higher ideals were included in the reasons Sheets outlined.
“Being able to live with 40 or 50 others, happily and mutually liked,” said Sheets, ,“is a definite achievement.”
A “year-:end” review of work done in applied design classes during the school term will be placed on display today at the Lafayette Art Gallery, 658 Main Street. This will be a representative exhibit of all types of design, and will continue through the month of June.
Penalty Days...
Pennsylvania State College students consume 100,000 spoonfuls of ice cream at one meal.
. . . will be from noon Friday, May 27, to noon Saturday, May 28, and Tuesday, May 31. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-826 Main Street
Here is Extraordinary Value!
Full Fashioned
Ladies Hosiery
79c pr.
2 prs. $1.50
Just think of it! A 45 guage, first quality hose at this low price. The season’s best colors. We also have them in knee lengths.
Successful Colors
for General Wear
Sunni Beige Cruise Tan Black
Vagabond Copper White
Best-dressed men are svyinging over, to trimly trimmed summer styles to add a finishing touch of contrast or to achieve a more harmonious ^lend” in carefully selected vyardrobes. BROWN & WHITE BLACK & WHITE We*ll fit you correctly . # # or *‘No Sale**,
$500
A. B. C. Shoe Co.
412 MAIN ST.
PHONE 2001
Gimlet Seniors: Diploma fees have been paid. Get receipt and commencement tickets in cashier’s office. (5-28) —GIRARD.
tion from the cashier’s office as soon as possible. —WHISTLER.
Pi Tau Sierma: Picnic called off. Weiner roast at G. A.’s lot on north Grant street will be held at 4 p. m., Friday, May 27. In case of rain meet at the ME Building at 4 p. m. Elections will be held. —COX.
Exponent Editorial Staff-. There will be no paper Tuesday, May 31. Workers, scheduled for Monday, May 30, need not report. —HARDIN.
ASME: Members get your magazines and watch charms from the instrument room of the ME Building. (6-27) —CLUTTER.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting at 7 :30 p.m. Friday, May 27, in room A of the Union Building. Bring tickets. / —cAracciolo.
Junior Military' Students: All students who intend to go to Fort Knox this summer and are interested in softball or volleyball are advised to communicate with R. B. Coen at 5071. —COEN.
Alpha Zeta: Meet in front of Ag Hall at 4 p. m. Friday, May 27 for picnic. —STONAKER.
Purdue Zouaves: Important meeting Friday, May 27, at 4 p. m. in Armory. Bring all snapshots. —VANDERFORD.
Purdue Peace Committee: Peace Hero’s Memorial Services will be held at the Rest Haven Memorial Cemetery Monday, May 30, at 10 a. m. All members are urged to attend. —CULP.
ROTC Graduates: Students who have completed a senior ROTC course, who will graduate in June, and who are interested in active duty under the Thompson Act should see me as soon as possible. (5-28) —HAYFORD.
Reamer Club: Party Friday, May 27, has been called off due to lack of funds. —JACKS.
Senior Military: All seniors desiring to return Court-Martial Manuals for 75-cents credit should turn them in to the supply room before June 1. All seniors should get their seven dollar uniform commuta-
PEW: Final knowledge tests in all sections of PEW 62. 54, and 56 will be held Friday, May 27, at 4 p. m, as follows: Baseball, bowling, dance Ed. 101 Archery, tennis Women’s Gym Swimming, horseback riding .... Biol. lect. Golf 2Q2 Restricted Class 7, .'.. E. a. 103 All lockers must be emptied and locks returned by noon, Saturday, May 23. —HAZELTON.
In this novelty spun rayon polka dot print two-piece dress with a clever version of Molyneaux' bloused jacket — belt band fits snugly around the waist line allowing the bodice to blouse gracefully over it. Simple round neckline trimmed with flowered effect in embroidered pique (this neckline-trimming can be removed and the dress worn equally as smartly with the tiny shoestring tie lace). Simply tailored buttons close the jacket — attractive pear shaped pockets—-pleated skirt. Comes in crushed strawberry, spruce blue or sun gold, in sizes 10 to 18, at
$5.95
FROCKS ARE SHOWN
EXCLUSIVELY at
ZIMMERMAN'S UEEN South Side Square
e
ITY