4
Ku
pm
SIGMA DELTA CHI Holds Discussion At Annual Banquet
Eitablithed 1889
xpaneM t Daily Sine* 1906
GALACADE FEATURES! Varsity, Freshnrrart , Swimmers Tonight *
Volume 53, No. 182
West Lafayette, Indiana
Alumni Return For Gaia Week Ceremonies
Breese Will Play Pot Mixer Tonight
Last mixer of the semester will be held tonight from 8:30 to 11:30 in both ballrooms of the Union, Lou Breese and his orchestra will be the attraction on the bandstand and will invite the dancers to go “Breezing alohg with Breese.” Breese is probably best known for his stay at the Chez Paree Club when he entered the club for a four week engagement, and remained for a full year.
It was there that he reached the “name band” classification. Barry Warren is only twenty, but he has already distinguished himself in the musical world by becoming the featuied vocalist with Lou Breese’s band. When Barry was still in high sthool in Chicago, he was heaid by Jan Garber and immediately engaged by that bandleader as the featured vocalist with the Garber band. Barry’s desire to finish school forced him to quit singing with Garber’s band, but it wasn’t long before Barry was singing with another band —^this time Joe Reichman’s. Barry Takes Over When the former vocalist of the Breese band left that organization to start a band of his own, Barry Warren seemed to be the logical candidate for the replacement. Lou Breese signed him immediately. Barry is a tenor, stands five feet eleven inches tall, and weighs 170 pounds. The dance, as a pait of Gala Week, is intended as a place for “grads” to get together. The backdrop will carry out this theme with large .signs of “Welcome Grads” in black'letter's against a light blue background. This is not the fust time Lou Breese has brought his band to this
Students May Bring Books To Exchange Tomorrow, 10 A. M.
Sale Of Books Opens Tuesday
student Book Exchange, nonprofit enterprise conducted by the Student Union and the Student Senate, will begin receiving books tomorrow morning at 10 in the Union office, room 368 of the Union. Receiving will continue until 5 p. m. and will be resumed Monday morning at 10 in the South Ballroom of the Union. Sale Starts Tuesday The sale of books will start Tuesday morning and continue until May 16. Textbooks may be placed on sale at any time the exchange is operating, but persons in charge advise that books should be brought in as soon after May 2 as possible.
Students bringing books to the
Exchange must present theii passports. Money for the sale of the books may be collected only on presentation of the passport again. Money for books sold and all
campus. In Octobei, 1940, he played j^ooks not sold must be called for
for homecoming festivities. Tickets for tonight’s dance will be $1.10 per
couple
C. J. Mounsey Wins Danfourth Fellowship
by May 20 or become piopeity of the Student Union. Those who place books on sale and who aie not going to be here this summer may arlange to have money received sent to them by leaving a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The money will be sent by money order, minus money order fee. Unsold books will
Claude J. Mounsey, agiicultural jjg forwarding address freshman from Bluffton, was an- jgj^ (jy student by parcel post,
nounced winner of the Danfourth c.O.D.
Fellowship for freshmen. This fel- Workers Needed lowship is awarded annually to the Accoiding to Will Hiller, personoutstanding freshman showing ^gi manager of the E.xchange, qualities indicative of well-balanced wprkois for the sale will be needed, leadership. Any students desiring to woik in As winnei of the lellowsbiii, the Exchange are asked to see Mounsey will represent the Urn- githgi. Mary K. Gee oi llillei. It versity at the Amci ican Youth i,ms been an anged so Senate woi kFoundation Camp at Shelby, Midi- gjg leceive bouts ciedit on igan, duiiiig (be last two weeks o( their activity by wot king in tin*
New Draft Ruling
Editor’s Note: The following story is a reprint of a letter received by Frank Ilockema from Col. R. N. Hitchcock, State Director of the Selective Service, Indianapolis.
This is to review for you present policies of the Indiana Selective Service System in the occupational classification of college students. The Selective Service Regulations provide for the occupational classification permitting deferment of a registrant who is found to be a “necessary man” in “training and preparation” for any industry, business, employment, agricultural pursuit, government service, or other service or endeavor, the maintenance of which is necessary to war production or the maintenance of which is essential to the support of the war effort. Any person found to be a necessary man by reason of undergoing such training usually is considered for the classification of II-A. In order for a person in training and preparation to be considered a^ a necessary man, he must: (a) be in training to acquire skill which fits him for a critical occupation; (b) there must be an existing or contemplated shortage of persons' who possess the particular training, qualifications or skill; (c) there must be a shortage of persons who are undertaking such training and preparation; and (d) he must have advanced sufficiently in his training and preparation that there is a reasonable basis for assuming that he gives promise of a successful complcfioii of the training and preparation to become a necessary man. Generally it must be considered that a registrant who is a student in a recognized university or college will not have sufficiently demonstrated his ability to the extent that he gives promise of successfully completing the full course of his studies and of thereby becoming a “necessary man” until he has completed or approximately completed, two academic years of university or college work. It thus appears that a registrant should not be considered for occupational classification as a “necessary man” in training and preparation until such time as he has completed or has approximately completed, two academic years of study in a recognized university or college, and then only if there is convincing information that he will continue such studies; provided, that the registrant, at the time his classification is considered, and thereafter, must meet and during the course of his studies must continue to' meet the tests of a “necessary man” in training and preparation for a “critical occupation” in an activity necessary to war production or essential to the support of the war effort. It is therefore concluded that in order to meet these requirements, a student must continue his training and preparation uninterrupted through the entire period of accelerated courses. Local Boards throughout the State of Indiana have been notified to reclassify any .student who does not meet these specific requirements. It i.s my sincere hope that this information will be of assistance to the University in the matter of planning and maintaining your very important courses of instruction.
Class Of ’17 Expects Many
At Anniversary Reunion
George Ade, '87, Harold Gray, ’17, James Noel, ’92 and many other of the University’s notables will appear on campus today, tomorrow and Sunday for the annual Gala Week program. This year’s program will honor the 1917 class, celebrating its silver anniversary, and the 1892 class, celebrating its golden anniversary. Ken Snyder, of Lafayette, secretary of the class of ’17, anticipates a larger turnout of alumni from his class than the old anniver- ' sary record of 142 established last year. Rozier D. Oilar, noted
engineer who recently returned from Guayquil, Ecuador^ where h^ completed supervision of a large engineering instMlation, is secretary of the 1892 class, and he expects about 21
members of his class to return this weekend
The program will begin at 10 this morning with registra-
tion of all alumni.
Entertainment for the rest of the morning will be provided by an exhibit of oil paintings by N. Pearl Stonefifer, noted Fort Wayne artist, who is the wife of Paul Stonefifer of the —« .class of ’17, and the Applied
U. S. Naval Reserve To induct Squadron At Commencement
Thirty Men Begin Training Period
The second “Flying Boilermakers” Naval air squadron will be inducted into the Navy at Commencement exercises Sunday afternoon, May 3. Officers from Naval Reserve headquarters in Chicago will conduct the induction and will take part in the activities that will precede the exercises in the Music
Hall.
Activities for the day will begin with a luncheon at the Union, after which the platform guests will assemble in President E. C. Elliott’s office. The officers and visitors will
Stratton Urges Coeds To Help In War Effort
Design department, Puttering Shops, Camera Club and other campus organizations will present demonstrations of their handicraft. Alumni will be able to view the Umversity from the air through special arrangements with the Uni-
versity airport.
Ball Game In Afternoon After informal luncheons in the
the induction ceremony, which will follow th'e awarding of commissions in the Field Artillery Officers’ Re-
serve Coips.
Fremont Will Speak
J. C Arthur Dies After Long Illness
Dr. Joseph Charles Arthur, age 92, professor emeritus of botany at the University and an internationally known authority on plant rusts, died yesterday morning at Brook where he had been making his residence for some time, according to word received hero. Dr. Arthur had been in failing health for some time. Dr. Arthur, an active member of th-oHIniversity staff from 1887 unlil his retirement in 1915, was recognized as the leading American authority on
By Treva Davis
Women students who have been the Women’s physical eduwondering what they can do to help ‘^^tion classes will present a vaned in the war effort this summer need of sports, at 3, oft the wonder no longer. A plan for use- Women s Athletic field. *111)18 will fulness has been outlined by Dean followed by a^ varsity baseball Dorothy Stratton which exempts no ^ame against Ohio State. , one from making a contribution. ^he Annual International T" thTn proreeTto The^ MusirHall for girl whose only aim during the ^ the commencement program and summer vacation is the acquisition " "f; of a smooth tan is going to be class- lettei-men are scheduled to ified as unpatriotic. receive their P blankets. An athBulletin Posted ^
leatured in the Fieldhouse this eve*
In a bulletin posted this week in the Gala Week dance will all women’s housing units, Dean presented with Lou fireesW'M
Captain Fremont will briefly ad- Stratton emphasizes that each girl j^jg orchestra presiding,
dress the thirty members of the should contribute “not her bit, but “Flying Boilermakers,” who will best,” and lists four possible
then be inducted into the United of contribution.
States Navy by Ensign Childs. 1. Go to school this summer and Among this group of future en- go with a definite purpose in mind, signs are Jim Miller and Tom Mel- Training of the type that the Uniton, football co-captains, Don Pow- versity offers will make your eoneis. Bob Kersey, and D. C. Adams, tribution of the greatest value. In a few weeks the new squadron 2. Work in a factory, an office,
will begin training as a unit with or on a farm,
preliminary schooling at the Naval 3. Learn shorthand aijid typing;
Reseive air base at Glenview, 111. secretaries are needed.
This preliminary period will be fol- 4. Do volunteer work in your
lowed by an intensive program of community.
secondary flight instruction at one Dean Stratton urges women stuof the Naval air schools at Jack- dents who will not be in school this
sonville or Pensacola, Fla., or summer to keep her informed as to plaining the Air Corps’ new proCorpus Christi, Texas. Graduation what they are doing. A record of gcam for offering students in school Irom one of these schools will give the way women students are help- tbe opportunity to complete th^ijr the Naval air cadet a commission ing will silence those skeptics who education and enter the Air Corpft
Members of the 1907 class, ofa-
(Continued on page 4)
Army Officers Tell Of New Air Program
Three officers from the Army Air Corps spoke yesterday to the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and at the University Movie Convo, ex-
August.
Wallace (’ook was selected as (he alternate winner of the scholaishii). Cook, whose home is in Ailiiigton, is a inemhei of Alitha Gamma Rho, social (ralermty.
Coed Hours
Exchange. Accoidmg to Boh Seehnigei, chan man of the Boatd of Control, only textbooks on a list chocked and aiqiioved hy all the > chools of the Univei.sity Will he acce|)ted hy the Exchange. No liooks will he leceived at a r>i‘ice exceeding 75 pei cent of its oiiginal value.
Coed lionr.s lor Hie weekend of May 1 lo May 5 shall he: Friday, May 1—12 |).in.; Kaluiday, May 2—12 p.m.; Sunday, May !f—^12 p.in.; Monday, May 4—12 p.ni.; 'I'uesday, May .5—11 ii.rn. Starling Wednesday, May (i, regular hours shall be in effect. AWS Judicial Board—
Pi Tau Sigma
. . . metliamcal engmcciing honoiaiy, announces the eleclion o( (he following offieeis' piesideiit, W G. Kocinei; vice-pi esidi nt, llikn V. .Scliicklel ; societal V, G. 1). Iludcl.‘■on; ti ( a ui c i, R. E. ICinney.
Dr. Joseph C. Arthur’
rust fungi. The Arthur Herbarium, now the property of the University, which he developed in connection with his studie', IS composed of some GO,000 specimens iichly piovided with types, cultuie inateiial, notes, diawii'''s, and photogia)ilis. Iinpicsssive Record Di. Ai thill’s innuonee in botanical oigani'/ations was I'ai-i eaching. He was a chattel mornher and solved as piesident o1 the Botanical Society of Ameiica, the Indiana Academy ot Science, and the American Phytoiiatholotical Society. He was also a member of the IVlycologieal .Society of Ameiica,
as an ensign in the United States Aviation Reseive. Assignment to active duty with the United States Navy Ail Foice lollows. Qualifications Lowered The second “Flying Boilei maker” unit will join a Navy an foice that has liberalized flying cadet requirements to allow high school giaciuates meeting othei qualifications to enlist. Interested men in this class who are single and between 18 and 27 should apply to the neatest Navy reciuiting sta-
tion.
say women are no good in war.
Seniors
Model Railroad Club Will Open Exhibit To Public Tonight
Many Interesting Personalities To Visit Campus Over Weekend
By Bill Hoskins “Purdue’s best advertisement is Iier, alumni,” has long been the boast of the Univeisity, and it is our pill pose here to present some of those good “advertisements” who are planning to be on campus this week-end for the Gala Week celebration. Old Grads Come Back Some of the University’s old grads who have made good and have sacrificed valuable time to come to Gala Week this year to show off the sleek car and the not-so-sleek breadth of theii piosperous posteriois may not he mentioned in this “hall of fame (and notoriety)” column. If this be the case blame it on over-worked
Alumni Secretary, Eth Baugh, the fallability of your Exponent repoiter, and a sad lack of space. Best-known to University students and faculty and piobahly the most constant of all Purdue’s staunch supportei's is George Ade, ’87, of Biook, Indiana, the University’s gieatest contribution to the field of playwrighting and himioriziiig. Cory Will Come Back Hairy T. Cory, comiiatriot of Ade, and one of the early outstanding engineeis in the countiy will he back this year. While in the University, Coiy was editor of the Exponent and vice-president of his senior class. After World War I
he seived on the Niles Commission as the Ameiican member of the committee for Egyptian and Sudanese govei nments. Oldest alumni back for Gala Week is Dr. Henry A. Huston, of New York City, who icceived the fiist advanced degiee ever given hy Hie Univeisity in 1882. Loudest Yell Leader One of the all-time loudest and best yell-leaders, Dan C. Ilavne, ’12, now of Washington, 1). C.', is hack again. In the Philiiijiiiies fi|r four years before entei ing the University, Dan had a job theie that requiied him to dchvori messages over a distance of a half-mile. So (Continued on page 4)
the Societe Mycologiqiie de Fiance, tlie Association Intel national des Botaniste.s, and the Amei lean Association ol University Piofessors. He had received many honors in the world of science. He seived as delegate to the International Botanical Congresses in Vienna, Cambridge, and Brussels, and was a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, American Association for the Advancement of Science, Indiana Academy of Science, and Iowa Academy of Science. Made Noteworthy Discovery Dr. Artliur was one of the first to demonstrate that bacteria could cause diseases of plants and his studies of pear blight, made while he was a botanist in the New York Expel inient Station, are still considered classics in the field. Funeral services for Dr. Arthur will he held at 2 p. m. tomorrow at the Rogers and Henderson Funeral Home in Lafayette. Burial will be in Springvale cemetery.
Purdue Model Railroad club will open its miiiialme scale model lailroad layout in the fourth floor of the Mechanical Engineeiing Building to the public tonight from 7:30 to 10 in its annual open house pro-
gram. Some 80 cars and ten locomotives will be opeiation over the 1,000 feet of “O” gauge tiaek, dining the show. The layout may be reached by the west stairs in the building. Major additions, including a ninetrack hump yard, have been made to the layout since last year’s show which was attended by 1,100 visitois.
Attention of all candidates for graduation next Sunday is callejl to the fact that reserved seat tickets for the exercises in the Hall of Music must be presented at the lower lobby entrances between 2 and 2:40 p.m. Tickets will not be honored after 2:40 p.m. In case of rain Sunday afternoon, candidates for graduation will assemble as now designated in the Women’s Gymnasium at 2:10 p.m. Plans have been made, in the event of rain, to move the lines directly to the Hall of Music through the Band entrance at rear of building. All candidates should provide themselves in case of rain with raincoats to protect the gowns. Wet gowns would look badly and would ruin the upholstery on the seats in the Hall of Music.''Arrangements have been made to care for the raincoats in the band practice rooms during the exercises. Here’s for sunshine and the procession! Committee on Commencement Exercises.
Band To Hold Tryouts Monday In Music Hall
after graduation. Lt. Col. Kunish, representat^ive of the chief of the air corps, made the main address at both nteetin||Si to acquaint students and tdwnsjfl^n* pie with the new program. Students May Finish School Under the new system of de* ferred enlistment, a student be* tween the ages of 18 and 26 add able to pass physical and mental requirements may enlist as a private in the air corps and continue school until he graduates, at wMch time he will go to a flight school for training asj a pilot, navigatO]rt bombaulier, or ground officer. The purpose, according to KutUsh', is to defer from the draft those men with the required intelligence and hold them back for the air
corps.
Explaining the reason for a boy’e status as a private. Col. Kunitiil said, “While it is the intentioa the war department to let the bey finish his schooling, in case of necessity the government may call him into service.” Parents Should Know “Every parent should be interested in this,” he said, “as it permit? him to finish his schooling and a)so gives him a chance to try for a coin* mission.” “If a boy goes to school he mak?s a better officer.” Kunish was accompanied at both meetings by Captain Smelzer, who is stationed at Langley Field, V?., and Lt. Ellers. Smelzer flew a Plying Fortress
Elizabeth Barmes
of the Flint, Michigan Girl
Tryouts for Military and 'Symphonic Bands will be held Monday,
May 4, at 4:00 p. m. in the band to Java, where he was awarded th« headquarters in the Music Hall. D.S.O. He has only receiil^ tb*
Students on the campus who play turned,
a brass, woodwind, or percussion Lt. Eilers, in the air corps a 3h<dHt
Scout Council, will be on campus instrument, string bass, xylophone, time, told of the training progCtdWl
Friday, May 1, to interview girls for summer camp positions. Anyone interested should call the Placement Seivice for Women (2955) for an
appointment.
piano, and those who are baton from a trainee’s viewpoint, twirlers are invited to become mem- Lt. Hicks of the University tnttbers of these organizations. itary department acted as toasl* Freshmen are especially invited master at the Chamber of COItti*
to tiy out at this time. merce dinner.
m
Friday/ May t, 1942 ^
■
*4
>1
■M* ^
' , J
t
WT'
TT
#i%e i"
Exponent Editorial An3 Feature Page
Friddy, Mdy I, 1942
PmnduB Exponent
All-American ]940-'4I
OHiees Iditorial and Business, furdwe Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieidhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
mUtoT in Chiaf Nrws Editor
<MM«win«: •Editor Business Manarer
I. irriilauon Manaicrr
Editor
Coed
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armatrotu; William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice Chatfield
Publication ^taff
Associate Editors editarisl Staff H W Bi ninkle 1) > Biilr W G Hoskins, ^ A B. Hunter 11 W Ochiltree W h Ralert Sports Staff I) h Hr wti 1 S Diwson E L Karpick R W Krieg r Coed Staff Sally Beall Charlotte Ilnss Jean Lauer, Dons Pickering
Business Sl-aff
Coed Baainess Manager Julia Martin Advertising Managers J M Wright D L Johnson Circulation Manager C H Kloumun Accounts Manager Tiena lurrenga Jnnior (oed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Kelm
Staff For This Issue Night rditor Blitz Issue I dltor Votik
Qaig JSditor Pickering Sports Fditor Karpick 'Tteporters Richatdfi n V mil on rn\cctt Havi Scl ci 1
Entered as second class matter at the post office in I^fay ette ^Indiana under the act of Congress of March 3 1^79 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act oT October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published doily exc^t Monday during the regular academic year and weakly during the summer Session Delivered locally by ear riar for ^50 per year mail subscriptions $4 00
Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Service Inc College Publishers Kepreseniatives 420 Madison Ave New ^ork N Y
l,ast Night We Dined
Last night Sigma Delta Chi sponsoied a banquet to honor the recipients ot the 1942 Leathei Medal and Lest Teachei awards We weie invited to attend So ^^^ele about thirtyfive other people—past awaid winners, past leather medalists, good teachei s, Unnersity administrators, deans and, oh yes, studenLs After the dinner and acceptance speeches b> the winners weie concluded the toastmaster started a lively discussion on “what constitutes a good teachei WHAT WE SAID—An instructor m the mechanical engineering department was the first to give his \ lews on what a good teacher was from the \antage point ot how he put over his subiect mattei A mathematics professor retaliated, a member ot the history department carried on the discussion Before we knew it cveiyone had something to offer on the topic “what constitutes a good teachet Heie IS a kaleidoscope image ol the conversational cm rent a good teacher is a man who Leaches his students to use ludgmeni —he believes in guing plenty of dailies—he spends extra hours iii helping the poorer students in his class—he weeds out the bad students (students vlio absolutely resist all etfoiLs to learn anything)—he seeks to establish peisonal contacts vith the student—he believes that the individual is important—a good teacher maj- pot necessaiily be considered “good” for both good and bad students —the attitude of the individual student is an important factoi in the determination ot the success of a good teacher A remarkable thing we noticed was that the teachers were very interested in finding out what the students thought about the ideas they proposed The discussion vas not onesided The teachers listened to what the students said, the student reciprocated A subject only partially 'kicked around” because of the lack ol time was the everpresent question of the Purdue Honesty System It was not surprising to find that a number ot the diners—both student and teacher —^were not very firm believers in the present, so-called system We did, however, discover |hat there are two schools of opinion on the contioversy that take definite shapes The first school proposes that the University adopt the honor system This system leaves honesty and cases ol dishonesty strictly up to the students themselves It eliminates proctors and faculty spying during examinations, abolishes the empty row of seats between students, and deprives the taculty of direct authority ovei student dishonesty cases The second school suggests that the present system he ngoioush enloreed, dishonesl students he immediately expelled from the Dhiversitj when caught cheating and jirocloririp be made moie effective WHAT WE ACCOMPLISHED — not a thing Not a thing that was concrete That would he immediately leahzed by the Umveisity as a whole What we did do was to bring a seket giou]) ol people together— people who stand on diflerent sides of a high liiiee 'Iheie is placard on one side of that ! nee that says “EACTJLTY ONLY SlU DENTS NOT ADMITTED” Theie is also a taid on the othei side ot the fence that boldly f Utes “STUDENTS ONLY I AC ULTY NOT ADMITTED’ Well kul night we took down fiiise eai(E foi a whik and did a little fence (limbing—f 1 om both side s of the fence There 11 ^obfethmg else wi might ha\e aeeom^plished We may ha\e staited a few people Ijhinkmg about diffeient phasi s ol student- ! 4acuHy rdlations that will aid us m impioving tire iw’esent relations A lot of bees were fiyI (Continued on jiage 4)
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen GOP Leaders Discuss MacArthur As '44 Candidate; White House Socially Dead
Hopkins • Roosevelt Family Dinners In the ushei s office just in&icle the tront door an old ta&hioned callboaid is hung to indicate when guests are in or out There is space toi twenty names but on a itcent day it carried only the names ot Mis Roosevelt Harry Hopkins and Loreiia Hickok long time friend ol both the I irst lady and Hopkins who often stays at the White House (Ihe I’lesidents name is nevei entered on the board ) A few days ago the soeial black out was lifted to admit the Clown Piineess of the Netherlands and hei eon^ort foi a dinner pirfy Hut no guest list was re leased and (he ifT iir w is kept on the level ol a lam ily dinner in the family dining room A yen i„o it w is possible to diive along Pennsyl V inia Avenue turn in at (he While House gale hand a e illing eard to the footman at the tiont door, and eventuilly receive .ui invitation from Mrs Roosevelt to eome lor lea ' lodav the gates iie elosed and heavily guiided The two avenues flanking the While House aie bailed (o tralfie eiitiiely Never in 100 yeais has the White House been so heavily guitded 1 he teas uid rceip tions ire eaneelled lot tlu durifion and llie iioi ni illy demoeralie residinei ol tlu (huf l\e<u(ive s( iiids
eold and aloof • Alaskan Highway Aftei ill the hull ihaloo aliouL tfu v t illy iucikiI inilitaiy higliw ly to A1 isk i it now looks is il il would tale at leasl two yens piihijis m uti lliiee yi us tg build it Oi c tiouble is Lhcii is still in ii guinent iboiit the loute lo (1 iLc the Ai my has ])id cd a i ouLc by w ly ol 1 I inonton eentei oi tlejiiiiiic sL Ui o 411<iLi whiili IS loiigti th III tlu loule idvoi lUd by Alisk-in Uiii toi 1 il ofliti ils ihe Al isk in oflui ils piopose i slim I (|Ui(l tiuh sLi light up lioni the St iLe ol W ishiii}. ton t( Pine Geoige then on to While Hoise Put ol this ybi u 400 miles to Pi nice Gioige—ilu idy is built And il inleimd Geiinin Itali in ud I ip iriesc jnisoneis wtie juit to woik on tht lemui mg 1ml it might b fniislu d 1 etoi e w iiilt i Howevei both tlu Aimy ud tlu ( in idi ui ( v iiiiment 1 ivoi the lopgti louU vi i Idmoiitm Ihi would follow the chain ol ( uudiaii uipoits Li Alls ki J hese aiipoits ue opti itid by the ( in idi in Pi eifie Railioad whieli miiy be one sigriifie ml ti isoii why the Canadi ms want i loid to link them up 1 he Al my oi igin illy pul cd this i oute hi c lusi la t sLimmei some of its jilaiies cii loute to Alisl i wit! gieeii pilots got lost uid (i ukod iiji So it w is suj „ested that i liigliw ly 1ml mg the uiiioiLs would seivc is a { uide to uiiiuii the Aim\ also I ivoud this louti ill oidti to send g isolini ilid supijlus by li Litk to 111 bises Ilie w ii may bt pist about ovei liowcvei beioK this mteiioi highway is built Note Uiidei the Aiiny’s eontinet tlu U & A pivs foi (he load and mainfaiiis it until altii the w u is over I hen It icvc rls to ( anada Howtvei tlu tuny failed lo nisei t a clause leijuiiiiig C an ula to keep up niaintenanee altei the w ii (( opyiigbt J‘)1Z by Ui itid I f iliiii Syndu iLc Iiu )
GRIK At® WEAR FT
By ydur
WASHINGTON, Apiil 30 —One subject veiy much on the tongues of Republitan Icadeis at the Natron il Committee meeting in Chicago was Gen Douglas MacAi thill The hotel lobbies, eoirulois and cocktail lounges buz7ed y\ith discussion of his possibilities as the GOP ‘stiong man’ in 1944 Much political signifi c inee seemed to be attached to the fact that Pat Hui ley, Sccictaiy of Wai in Hoo\ei s cabinet who is now U S Ministei to New /cilind is in close contact with MacAithui However theie was one point on which the GOP chiefs weie \ciy much in doubt—MicAithui s paity libel whethei he is a Republican oi Domecrat No one appealed to know definitely in which camp to place him But one stoiy that went the lounds did give MacAithui a GOP slant Accoiding to this lepoit he sent sevoial li lends to the 1920 convention in ( hicago which aftei a bit tei fight finally nominated Waiien G Raiding and instiucted them to submit hib name to the delegates in the event any inteiest developed in a Woild W u heio M icAithui was then in his tally 40 b and com mand uit of West Point He had m ide an outst uuhng iccord as the liont line commandei of the famous Rainbow Division ind w is i vciy popul u figuit pai ticulaily among vetei ms of the ALP Ilowevei no inteiest developed it Clue igo and his n ime nevei got into the headlines Note Gen MacAithui wasn't the only presuleiitnl possibility discussed at the leceiit National Coniinil tic meeting There also w is some t ilk ol a 1911 tick et made up of lorn Dewey ot New Yoik and isola tioiust Senatoi C ui lev Biooks who had just won the Illinois 1 eiiomination Dewey who has hetn on both sides ol the isol itioniit issue is pii piling loi anotlui tiy at the New Yoik goveinoiship as tlu springboard to the M lute House Ivv-o veais hence Brooks IS the Chicago 1 ribiine s white hop« pio vided he is le elected in Novembei ® Silent White House Ihc White House is dead It could Inidlv he di ulci if it had been boiiihed The windows ue hung witli long luncial black out cm tains and the livened hut leis stand idle The gicat East Room has a new pu quet flooi hut theie is no one to d meo on it Simply IS 1 m ittei ot i itii il lieshflowcis m still bioivht into the looms eveij cl ly hut theie ait only Unct legulu icsidcnts to set them llie eiovvds tint used to mike i public mubtiim of the White House aie i thing ot the past Two ycais igo this month i high point in touiism wis leichecl when 8 000 men women ehilchen and babes m urns traipsed tliiough puts ol the White He use 111 1 single moi run., And isiecently isEistci 1941 4 000 ehilchen and niotheis yveie idmitted Lo the White House giounds in a single hoiii Then cinie the iulin„ tint only men in unilonn yvould be ulmitted to tlie White House is sightsceis and only on Situidiy miimiigs Lalei e mie Pe u 1 H11 boi iiid all touiists yveie bined Now the old lesidenee th it used to he c illed tlie I lesidentb Pal ace icboundfa legulaily to the steps of only fhiie tenants—the Piesideni Mis Roosevelt and Huiiy
‘No moie ladios, spoit goods, electric appliances, rubber goods Ol nothing—maybe we oughta bring oui di tig section out in the open ”
University Calendar
Friday, May 1
GALA WI EK 4 00 P M —I iseh ill—Ohio Stall 1 10 PM—f osinopolitan t Inh MeiLiig ') 30 PM—r lenity Bowling Banqiul 00 PM P Mens B uiquet 00 PM PiiiduL Stull Bowling 19 P M - Phil lUlu Society iO P M InU 1 li itei mty 1 ellowship 0 PM Model Rail) Old Oiieii House 8 (0 PM —Union Mi\ii 9 00 P M ( 1 iss 17 Womc n
P 11 ty
B i i h ill Di uiioiid Jvc om 01 Union No: th B illi oom Union South B illioom Umoii Ro mi 2( ! Union Poom 10 Union Riom 07 Union Attic ME Building South B illi oom Union 01(1 riu stniil R lom Un 1 n
Indiana Agriculture Changes To High Gear In War Program
Pv I lek Skillm .11
Eiod ioi El Cede 111'' is the slo^ U th it his been ulopUd by igiieul tuie 111 its n itioii wide jil m lo I in thei the win efloit Tlie fiiul out come oi this vv ii will be veiv much deperiileiit upon which comiLiy cm continue to pioduce the most looel toi its peoples inei its allies and United Stiles igiieultuie is doing its utmost to 1 eep th it vilil supply line moving Indiana Is Inipoitanf Of couibc Ineh ma is in ill im poi tint 1ml in th it supiily 11 le ii el still close to us s the AgiieuUui il e impiis y hich is elomi ill it e m do to 1 een the n ici" ne y iimnm smoethly it 1 ill peel I vst wir tei wlcii theie w is nethme m the fields huL tiost the Ag icil ii il eimpiis w IS 1 Lisy mil ii ^ i 1 i e th it Lilt 1 n il It 1 I u 1 le I ec ul 1 sL u t m iiill swm whei pi n e ime Meetings v.'cie held pi ms weie 111 idu,» md the e ils wcie set so th it wl 11 1 uvesL tine e ime the mite Mil would be on him As you II 1 I V 11 in i tl go ils I ive hill et hi hwitl stie 1 ud L I ( n m I c hi I lit ( t (1 itie i th m 1 le I i I e i i m 1 I n ffie III II III i j II me m 1)12 the go il (I 1 17 000 000 I h n I p iinels of mill hi I e i e L 1 y U e Buieui ol AgiieulUiie le nomic J his hui c 11 h i 1 o e L I 17 (( 7 000 do/ciis (lei SIS the ; (< >1 I the Ineli iin I oiilLiy ii m ii e i oj el eggs ill 1 e ml te e i i lo ic ic 1 ai oiiii I the sL il (I In li u i e|) ^llllllllilllllllllllllllllllllllllllillll lllllllllilllllllllill J ^ IRH Nf)! V SI nVfi 1 I — Slonde il ^ ~ < as iinel tfil ~
pi 0X1 mi Lely (20 times Hints i lot I eg s Ihe Univctsity 1 is ilso helped iii 111 il m^ the pi 111 loi the Hoosiei Vietoiv Gaidetis wheie J unilies lie iiiged Lo giew moie and bettei g Helens ihus m il mg it possible to send much moie food to oui u mies Iheic IS much being clone in the othei bi mehcs ol Inch ma Agiicul Line so much in flet tint lepoits of ill si/es shipes md desci iptions hive heel wiitten coiicei 11111^ them Ot (ouise the things discussed hcie icpiesent hut 1 sm ill liaction ot w h it is 1 e mg (le nc lutthey lominel LIS th it T leli nil IS an ill impoitanl cog m th ( mueh talked ibouL mi (hmeiy ol 1 uioi il defense
Majestic Furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers
F. H. Speaker & Son Phone 4976 119 E State St
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTIStS — 'too tot Schultz Bldq 4th and Mun St Lafayette
I T. ^ H. OtLfO., Inr. I ^iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiir
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
LyUA
TODAY - SAT 2 HITS
CAsn*!"j
CHAkUe CHAJl
- PLUS
ferfARS
LAST TIMES TODAY
STARTS TOMORROW
WHEREVER AMERICA S QLORY HAS BEEN WON -PE MARINES HAVE
fiEEN THERE- /
TO THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI
JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — "FIGHTING BILL FARGO'
John Maureen Randolph .PAYNE • O’DARA • SCOTT A 20ih Cantury Fox Plotuio
Today On WBAA
Elliott Will Represent University At Services For U. of K. Official
FRIDAY
9 66 News 10 10 The Cuno Man 10 16 Morning Melodies 10 30 Music 10 46 Theatie of Song 10 66 News 11 00 “Woild Histoiy Since 1914 with Plot El ank H ill 11 60 Puidue Neyvs 11 66 News 12 00 Agiicultuial 1 01 um 12 30 Meet the B incl 12 66 News 1 00 Souveriiis 1 30 Bettei Vision 1 46 M iiketb 1 56 News 2 00 Stoi y a Day 2 15 lieasuiy Slai Paiacle 2 30 Mis C W Hemmei pi mist 2 55 News 5 00 Speci il Mu le il Senes > 30 Maijoiie Willi imsoii singe 1 i 46 Music 3 66 News 4 00 Puidue vs Ohio State Baseb ill Game 6 65 News 6 00 Dimiei Houi (j 50 Spoi ts Review () 45 Next Wc cl il Puuluc () 66 News 7 00 Musk 7 ’0 Alhc I 1 S hm id 1 11 gc 1 7 16 Mu le 7 66 News 8 00 P I A I o um 8 0 Uuss Gi 1C lull/ piini I 8 16 1 venti le I c 1 c 9 00 Uni m Mix 1 Dim < 9 6 News 10 06 on tlie All 1 West bide High Sell. .1 2 leficisoi High Scl u 1 Pui due Vv o lie n s ( lull 1 I it lyc (te Music Soc ic I v
Piesidenl Edwaid C Elliott will lepieseiit the UniveisiLy at the in aUoUi ition ol Di Heinian Lee Don ov m as sixth piesident ot the Uni vcisity of KeiiLiicky, Wediiesdiy M ly () Many nationally known ed licitois will take pail 111 tl\o pio gi un ol inaiiguiation which will open with the icgistiatioii ot of (Kill (leleg lies and an intoimal le eeption it 10 im in the Kentuc^cy UniveisiLv Union Building 1 I ookei I o Pi esidt John W Biiokei st ite supeiin lendcuL oi Public Instuiic Lion, Will piLsi le at i iLiicheoti to he held at loon ihe 111 lugui il ceiciViouie^ yvillopcn it 2 0 witli i iiioeessioii al Ul T 0 Ilolliud Piesident ol W ishmgtnn btite College will cU hvei n uidiess at th inaugun lion Di Ihonias P ( oopei dean ot Kentucky s A^iieiiltiiie School Will piesicle it Ihc eeicmomcs and the installation will he eoiidueted by lucLc R C Stoll oi the Bond ol liListces ot tlu uiiivcisity Rceeiifion lo He Held loll vv 1 g 11 c 11 lugiuation Pie icIciiL i 1(1 Ml D nov m will eiitei tin with i iecc|tion it Mixwcll 1 1 i Ihe 1)1 c 1 lent s house on the c im|ui me! it ( 0 th it evening 1 (liinei \ill le hell loi Uie dele it s w 111 (he (lent''D mov in pie iiliiit
Distribution 01 Debris
Closes Today At 5;30
EngHsh 45 Open To Only 50 Si-udente
Begiiimiig w lUi lie summei teim (111 ollnunt 111 L ii„hsh 16 App eei iLion (I Shilcspcue s Ait ml thought will be 1 mite 1 lo liltv sLuelei Ls Only sLiulenLswl se eun ill itive se holistic melcx when list
iodiy IS the list (lay loi the dis liibutim ol the Del i is All those who hive pud piitially ten then hool s Ol in fall must eill lot tliini I etwee n 4 md 6 50 p ni If it is not iiossihk to c ill lot youi Dehiis send someone Lo „ct it toi you Those who hive si,,ne(l up loi extii tools it $6 60 pel (opv may ,,et llieii b )()1 lull (iisl come In t SCI ve I
eempilcel lelne icgisLiiliem w is 6 m beltel will be lelmitted Cl iiles ol B 1)1 bettei will be etc teimiied l\ Uie ic„iiluil\ ol it Itiiel uiec Gi ides i A. e i beltci will be g veil 1 ) wo 1 ol i L I t ihle (jLl lilt 1 he I ovi u 11 111 iL a ,^1 uie ot B will he „iviii le i m iLLeii 1 mee of ninety pci cent ol the cl isses i no longei in effect
HURRY’ HURRY’ I AST IWO DAYS ' life iMost ^INETINOLING SPY-HUNT of the
TODAY - TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
Blazing Drama on a Fog Swept Waterfront' JOHN GARFIELD IDA LUPINO Fiery Outcast of "Sea Wolf -inout OF THE FOG — WITH — THOMAS MITCHELL EDDIE ALBERT
plus ■
She s a Cyclone on Wheels'
Today - Saturday MFAVigm
THISiuABOU
MARINES?
AMARINf FIRED THE FIRST AMffilCAN SHOT IN WORLD WAR I 1
SOMETIMES CONFUSED AS THE TITLE OF THE MARINES SONG WHICH IS ACTI/ALLYVnE MARINES HYMN'. THRILLIWGLY .■V HEARD IN 20™CENTURy FOXS i TECHNICOLOR ACTION HIT
'TO THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI
smrrinpJOHN PAYNE MAUREEN
hi/, OHARA AND RANDOLPH scoff
THEY DID IT UNDER
STEPHEN DECATUR !
>1 iJh 0
THE MARINE BAND CANNOT LEAVE WASHINGTON DC WITHOUT THE PRESIDENTS PERMISSION 'y>4
m*
^Mday, M«y i, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
■pm\
Galacade WilJ Present ?Sef*/ fifllet, Coi^Y
By Ed karpick
Tonight at tiie Galaeacle those who attend will have a Chance to decide whethei man is supeiioi to a fish 01 vice veisa Noimally the Nimiods wins the sti uggle, but thttt IS not a true test of superiority be cause the fisheiman uses iinfan means to get the uppei hand To night things will be different and the fisheiman will have to stait fiom sciatch equipped with only
his skill and cunning
Picked teams of vaisity and ficshman swimmers will engage in the struggle foi the honored boilei trophy that goes to the winnei of the event between the vai sity and the frosh The objects ot then fienzied pin suit will be three
carp obtained fiom the state de watching The membeis of Tiiton paitment of conseivation As it the club, womens swimming honoiaiy, fish woie not enough the teams will piesent a floating ballet that will battle each othei foi the team is veiy difficult to peifoim Very that takes the most fish out will little swimming is done m this win the tiophy ballet The peifoimance depends In addition to this stuiggle the laigcly on the buoyancy ot the Galacade will featuie othei comedy meimiids events, ballet swimming and tmey A night gown lace between diving Coach Dick Papenguth and teams that aie eneumbeied by bavins team aie not willing to divulge ing to swim diessed in a nightgown all that will go on, but they piomise and shoes will pi ovule moie laugh a piogiam that should enteitam tei Just to let people know that all those who attend this show is being put on by the Mai ion Pi ICC and Betty Haiiison swimming team thcie will be a few aie featuied in a wait/ ballet th it st iiulout laees to complete the
promises to bo a event woith end
Ug Wfllt SBertsJs«i 4 00 p m —Baseball, Ohio State 0 'lO pm—Letteimen’s Banquet 8 15 pm —Gnlacade (Swirrimlng
Pool)
lOMORROW
10 00 a m —Baseball, Ohio State 1 iO pm—Tiaek, Quadiangulai
Meet
8 00 p m —-Spiing Pootball
Finale
1 00 p m —Golf Michigan
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN'S
I QUAUTYFOOD I REASONABLE PRICES ^ FRIENDLY SERVICE / ^alqreen drug stores 410 Main Street
Tins weekend will pi ovule a piogram that should please the most dis eliminating spoits fan Baseball this afternoon on Ross Ado field with the Buckeyes ot Ohio State pioviding the opposition will get the pro giam^undei wiy T.hon this evening the swimmeis will provide a fine show with then annual Galacade Tomoiiow things will leally get into high geai At 10 am the base ball team will close then two game senes with the Buckeyes This game wa*, movgd up so that it would not conflict with the othei events on the calcndai At 1 p m golf fans can go oUt to the West Side countiy club and watch the m itch with Michigan Ihose that do not wish to make the tup out theic can stay light on the campus and sec a fine double bill at the stadium At 1 30 there will be a (piadrangular track meet with the Boilermakers playing hosts to the squads from Minnesota, Iowa, and Noithwestern This will be a lot more than just another track meet Fans will have a chance to see some of the standout perfoimers in the conference in action With Cornelius Warmerdam’s sensational performances putting pole vaulting in general in the sport spotlight, this event should be one of the best on the entire program Although the great Warmeidam will not be here, DeField of Minnesota will provide all those that turn out with their share ot thrills The Gopher vaulter has vaulted 14 feet several times this spring, and bids fair to do at least that well tomorrow Lee Farmer, the dusky Iowa flash, looks like a “sure thing’’ in the 100 and 220 yard dashes, and in the broad jump Farmer stole the show at the Illinois quadi angular with his victories in these three events, and should have no trouble in repeating tomorrow A gioup of fine Boileimakei perfoimeis will probobly peifoim tor the local tans foi the last time in this meet Captain Buit Anthony, pole vaultei Art Edwaids and huidlers Gene Kron and John Conant aie the ones who will piobably bow out ot the picture It is not entiiely ceitain thit then competitive days aie ovei but the aimed forces and the de tense industiies will piobably pi event then competing any moie aftei this meet Burt Anthony and Gene Kion have turned in times light aiound the vaisity lecoid this season and both men would like to put new lecoids up toi futuie Riveteis to shoot at lomght will be the big iiighf tor senior members of the Iiiteriialioiidl 1* Men’s Club 1 his is the night when P blankets will be awarded to all senior P men I he banquet will be held at the Union at 6 p m Big Robbie ’ Robertson will be the principal speakei for the evening Featured speakeis in addition to the aforementioned Big Robbie will be Athletic Director Guy Mackey, and Football Coach Elmei Biiinham Pinky Warren, piesident of the P Men’s club luges all majoi and minor lettermeii to be on hand for the
festivities
Thus tai this season the baseball teams perfoimancc has not been anything to brag about At that the team s peifoimance has been a lot bettei than the turnout ol the tans Theie are some capable poitoimeis on the Rivetei nine this season and most of then losses could be tiaced to a lack ol competitive expeiience Ihey have just been trying too haid ind tighten up m doing so Tony Beito’s peitoimance ag unst Michigan was excellent once he had a eh nice to get wiimed up Ihe Wolveiines hit Tony pietty haid in the fiist inning aftei he h id been piessed into seivice as a lelief huil ei without a chance to get wanned up Once he had “a sweat up” the chunky little poitsidei mowed the Wolves down without any gieat difficulty It may be th it Tony is going to be of leal value to the pitching staff from now on ELK
WHY NOT ADD COMFORT TO YOUR SUMMER term—
Relax when your day is done in a cool and convenient room. Evciy room with piivatc batli and telephone.
:)plv a( Manager’s Oificc.
JhsL (pMAduSL TyismifxkdL lAnhm. The Corner of the Compus— Yet the Center of Activities
^EE FOR YOURSELF! Youi fiist acquaintance with Allow Ilitt will appioacli the thiill of a scientific discoveiy, foi Its staichless Aioset collai stays cusp and neat the day long—it lefuses to wilt’ What’s moie, Hitt IS Mitoga-tailoied to fit tjie torso and San* foii/ed-lahelcd (fabric shiinkage less than 1%). Join the Ilitt parade today!
Gel Your Style Right Sliirls-— ARROW SHIRTS
ut
Baseball O.S.U. Today On Ross-Ade Fi4d
Quadranpiar Med Draws Outstanding Conference Stars In what should piove^ to be then outstanding meet of the season heie at home, the Rivetei tiack squad will play hosts to Minnesota, Iowa and Noithwestein in a quadiang ulai meet tomoriow afternoon at 1 in Ross Ade Stadium pieceding the intra squad football game
Gophers Strong
Minnesota, co favorites with the Boileimakers to take top honois to moiiow, will be making then first appearance heie in 15 years as a cinder squad Piobably then chiel point gettei will be DeField, the Big Ten s best pole vaultei So fai this season, the Gophei veteran has
been undefeated
By far the outstanding individual peiformei will he Lee Faimei, Con teience standout in the 100 yaid dash, 220 yaid dash and broad jump Hank Vollenweidei, the Hawkeyes' fine hurdler will in all piobability give a good account of himself
Hurdlers Duel
So fai this season, Vollenweidei has split even in competition with Kion, the Riveter ace, in the hur die events Kion will probably be making his last appearance m a Boileimakei uniform today, so will be gunning to show his supremacy ovei the Hawkeye timbei toppei Anothei potential point getter toi the Hawkeyes is Keuhl,, who will be entered in the high jump, huidles and shot put Last week at the Diake Relays Keuhl went ovei the bai at 6 feet 4 inches to take first place in this event IM Schedules FRATERNITY ATHLETIC
MANAGERS
Be sure yon have youi list of Sigma Delta Psi membeis in the In ti imui il Office by noon Situiday in 01 del tint jou colloet the pai ticipation points you aie entitled to —DON PHILLIPS
By foe Dawson
Hoping to find the home grounds a little bit greenet mote to their liking following their four consecutive on the road, the Riveter diamond squad will meet a alroi^ Ohio State team in the first of a two game series this aftea*noon at 4 on Ross-Ade field Paul Petrich, big sophf«nore%itHer has been nominated by Coach Fehnng to start on ■the motind for the Boilermakers in this their fifth crack at Big Teirt cotn-
petition this season.
' i ' ' In his last appearance on the slab,
Petiich handcuffed the mighty Michigan outfit for seven innings but weakened in the eighth and ninth to lose 5 to 3 The big r^hthandei has the best average of tht Rivetei mound&men, having whn S
and lost 2
All Tennis Singles matches aic to be ph^cd Eiidaj li any Fi-iteinity cm play before 4 o’clock Fiiday afternoon please call the Intra muial Office and make arrange ments to do so Theie vill be no post ponements of games but lalh ei foifcits due to the shortage of lime See that you meet youi op ponentb is quickly as possible in otdci that this may be completed \oui house will be called Fiiday morning notifving you of youi op ponent Seniois’ Bubsciibe to the Ex ponent'
Gridders Play Intrasquad Tilt Tomorrow At 3
By Ad Scheid
Pioviding the competitive climax of the Gala Week spoits program which will be launched at 4 pm today with the opening game of the Ohio State baseball senes, Coach Elmei Burnham’s Boilermaker football hopefuls will piovide a pre view of 1942 prospects in a legu lation mtiasquad game at 3 p m tomoiiow in Ross Ade stadium This sneak-pieview is being sponsoied by the Gimlet club to raise funds foi the sponsoiing of has ketball broadcasts this winter Burnham has divided his enthus lastic squad into two gioiips, the “Golds’ and the “Blacks,” foi this final game of the spring practice session The stalling “Black” elev en will be made up laigely of last season’s lettei men, while the “Gold” combination will be composed of mostly fieshmen fiom Coach Sam Voinoff’s “B’ team Buinham point eil out that frequent substitutions will be made dm mg the game, and that viitually the entire squad will see action during the afternoon Returning lettei men who will undoubtedly be seen in the stalling ‘ Black lineup aie, in the backfield Kenny Smock, Bob Hajzyk, and Bill Buffington in the line Biuce Wai len at tackle, and Foiiest McCaffiy and Bill Shimei at the ends Ed Cycenas a sophomoie on the squad last yeai will make his debut on the vaisity at light half Ed has shown a gieat deal of piomisc in sevei il piaetice sessions this spiing and will beai some witching this Sit
111 day
In then nightly practice sessions. Coach Voinoff s “B ’ team has shown that it is leady to offer plenty of opposition to Bui nham s veteians It will be a good idea to keep an eye on a few of Voinoff s chaiges in the coming contest The piobable stalling lineup is as
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
follows
BLACKS
POSITION GOLDS
McCaffeiy
LE
Wilev
War 1 en
LT
Klein
Barwegen
LG
Walz
Huiile
C
King
Power s
RG
Bohm
French
RT
Aitken
Shrmer
RE
Steshko
Hajzyk
QB
Schultz
Smock
LH
Newman
Cyeen is
RH
Eiekenberiy
Buffington
FB
Heck
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
Dad’s Place
POPCORN Gallon 15c
so
BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL Ice Cream
HANDY
Pint 20c
Other flavors 17c pint
DEWENTER'S
$ CASH $ for your USED BQQKS and Drawing Instj^uments We will buy ALL books, ^vlielber used at Purdue or not. } Uira BOOK BlOlif AoroBS from the Union Building M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. ‘^Doc” Epple, ’40
Friend Doubtful Starter With only one possible e^cceptnm, the stalling lineup will be the sOme as that which opened against Butlei Tuesday Duffy Friend, rfidetfooted left fielder, suffered a band injury in the Bulldog encounter »iid may not see action iioday.,!? not. Bill Carson, veteran from la&t year’s squad, will take over Fr lend s old spot The Buckeyes will piesent -this afternoon a team which so far this season has not tasted defeat either against Big Ten oi inter collegiate competition Neaily a week ago they tiounced Indiana 6 to 1 and 5 to 4 in a twin bill Last week end ihe Buckeyes can wild agamstACentucky to score J9 runs Plenty Of Power As a unit t(ie Bucks are leadtnff the Confeience hitting with a n^t 300 average Their pitching also ranks high although a shadedtehmd the fine Illinois slabmen For this afternoon’s game, veteran John Lohie will probably take the mound with Joe Fraker behind the plate. The probable lineup for the Slw'eteis will be as follows Bill Br»ghaiclt, ss,~Fiiend or Gacson, If, Young, 3b, Rilev, cf, MePerren, 2b, George Buighaidt Ab, Hipp, i:f, Smith, c, Petiich, p Golf Squad In Mdch With Wdvernes Hero Tomorrow Afternoon Still seeking then fiist conlerence victoie Coach Harry AEspaw’s golf squad will meet Michigan’s team on the West Lafayette Coiintij Club links Saturday afternoon at 1 p m Allspaw will again call upon the services of veteians Wade Knipp, George Dahl, and Roger Schutt to lead the attack against a strong Wolveiine squad Ray Courtnght, Michigan’s coach will undouhiedly use Capt John Leidy, Ben Simtfa, Bob Fife, and Dave Osier, all returning lettei men, against the Boiieimakei combination This match with the Wolves Saturday will be the last -for several of Coach Allspaw's hnksmen Graduation will take veteians Khipp, Dahl and Schutt from the sedne of action, which will leave the JBqiIci maker mentor with a sizeable ga^i to fill in his five man squad Band To flold Animat Banquet Tonight At 6 Seventeenth annual banquet of the Military and Symphomc Bands will be held tonight at 6 at Lutcoln Lodge Among the many band alumni returning foi the banquet aie Edgai K Goss, captain of the band in 192Q, R G Slaytei, vicepresident of Owens Coming Fiberglis Coip and other friends of the band, including Fred E Bays of Irult iriapolis, and J N Lemon of the New York Central System Band diplomas will be pi’esented to Dvt Captain Paul J Fenn and Fust Serge^int Russell E Johnson, graduating seniors Mr Goss will speak on the “Futuie tor a Bhde liombone Player ” Mr Slayter, ehiof niiisician ot the bvind in 1921, will tell of the ^‘Career at a Sonsaphone Player” New band offioers lor the summer term will be anno imecd
Hays jewelry Co 131 North Fourth SK Fine lewelry at Morktate f«bn ’p DR. M. P. LQftp DENTIST 306-7 Lafayotte Ufa BMs. ni\
f%T*--’ ' ' mgsi
**f*»*tW*ft**>it^l't’^»^gt'>ij!' L'i»«»i..t^j^*1 vwF^^rrjiTw^^^**^^*?****^^ . , „
i '■('• ■' K "'ll ^ "I'- 1“ r It •; ^ j.
/ ' , '
^ 5, {^ ^ Ti t { \ '^ -i) } V 1 ^ ^ i? ^ J'^ \ i ^ ^ V ^ i t V ’'M \ t f t
V ^
I V -
FufHuS Exponent Friday, May 1, 194^
Detroit tiyil Service
To Hold Exam May 9
Applications foi an examination to be held May 9 foi appi entice positions in the management and piofessional activities of the Detioit Civil Service Commission, which is open to college students tiained in business administiation, engineeiing, social sciences oi medical sciences, may he obtained by wilting to the Detioit Civil Seivice Cominissioii, 73.') Randolph St, Detioit, Michigan, before next Monday Engineering Aids Get $1,740 Staiting salaiies foi technical aids aie $1,560, and aftei July 1 they will be $1,700, junioi engiiieeiing aids will leceive $1,740 and $1,914 aftei July 1 These positions offal the engineei the possibility of an immediate caieei in tiaffic engineei ing, city planning, piopeity appiaising, geiieial administiation, oi engineeiing management, and business administiation students may secuie positions m accounting, appiaising 01 peisonnel administiation Foi those men who may be called foi national defense the Civil Seiyice has piovided ioi inilitaiy leaves of absence with letention of senioiity, pension and piomotion lights of employes Although these exams haye beeri given se\tial times this yeai, the men who have passed them ha\e been placed and theie aie openings foi moie
Kappa Delta Pi Elects Personalities
Officers For Next Year
Shorthorn Sale
Eta chaptei of the Kappa Delta Pi, national honoi society in education, held its annual steak fiy foi the new initiates and actiyes at Ross Camp on Tuesday eyening Pi of Mill lel McPailand, Pi of B L Dodds, chaptei sponsois, attended The 01 gani/ations voted lo puichase one $75 Defense Bond with the suiplus fiom the tieasury Aftei a shoit business session conducted by Tinman Hays, the letiiing picsident, the following officcis weie elected foi the two coming semesteis Dons Bowei, piesident. Max ^tultb, yico picsidcnt, Betty Blown, secietaiy, Caiolyn McCiaiy, ticasuui, and Doiothy Aiyidson, histoi lan-i epoitci Plans loi the sunimei actiyities Wire outlined by the old and new officeis at a loint meeting Wed nesday night in the Union
Gala Week
Mr. C. E. Skiver
last Night We Dined
Prof. Eastwood Talks Before Kiwanis Club
Piof F R Eastwood, oi the Uni veibity division oi physical iduii tion loi men, will jouiniy to Ciil flth on Monday night lo addiess the Gurtith Kiwanis ( luh on “Rich a tion in Wai 'lime”
Group Of Students Receive Orders
As 2nd Lieutenants
(Continued fiom page 1) seiving then thiity fifth leunion, have made plans foi a class dinnei this evening at 6 30 in the Union accoiding to Clinton “Doe” Andeison, Lafayette, secietaiy Andeison also levealed that following the dm nei the ’07 class will join with the 1912 and 1917 classes foi a stag piogiam at the Elks’ Club Activities will continue on Saturday with Alumni leceptions being held at the main building of each school, and anothei Pin due Ohio State baseball game Aftei the Gala Week Luncheon in the Union tiack men fiom Iowa, Minnesota, and Noithwestein will meet the Univeisity team in a rjuadrangulai meet in Ross-Adc stadium 73 Gun Salute At 2 the tiaditional flag laising ceiemonies will be held on the oval when membeis of the class of 1917 place a wieath on John Pin due’s giave and the ROTC ladets fne a 73-gun salute to maik the Univeisity’s biithday Immediately aftei the ceiemony and pieceding the Gimlet-sponsored Vaisity - Fieshman football game, alumni will gathei by classes in the stadium foi then annual paiade Highlight of the weekend piomises to be the Foiindei s’ Day baneiuet tomoiiow evening, honoi ing James W Noel, Indianapolis, trustee of the University since 1917, and membeis of the 1892 class, and Coach “Piggy” Lambcit, foi twen ty five >cais the Univcisitv’b has keiball nientoi Musical Show J onion ow The Svitipho lie Bind Unici^-i ty Oichcstra Men’s Gkc C lub. Uni vcisiLj f hon and foniiit Climi will combine tluii t ih nts toinoi iow cvciiin;’ at 8 in a show imsinltd Iiiiniuily ioi iluinni ind piunt of gi id latiiif SI 11101 s Call Wick wi'l (b iw to i il ISC on Sund ij with cciiinoiKs, ,jii i nt i Gon ol awaios iiioi i -jioi t-,, miif exhibits ,-nd hi al adjoin nnu at it 3 30
Anothei gioup oJ University students, who have bci n a[)])ointed second licutinaiits, have been oi (lend to ictivc duty They will take thci-r final lypi phi sic il examinations at loit Benjamin Haiiison Hugh E Gommoll, Indianapolis, Dale W Mai tin. Pence, Milton I Munson 'Ihcodoic B linker of Lafayette and Leland W Riiffni i of South Bend, have been oidoied to station at Wiight 1 lelel, Dayton, O Robei t I Thompson, Coliiinbus, has been oidcicd to I'oit Geoige Wright, Wash Hai i y W Hale, Winslow, William F Long, South Bond, and James H Parks, Marion, will be stationed at Riveisidc, Cal , and Frank A Mellvanc, Indianapolis, will go to Logan Field, Baltimore
Health Service Ends
PEM 12 Exemptions
Exams Tonight
Tonight IS the last night that e\ aminations will be given Jor stii dents lequesting eximptioii fiom PEM 12, the leeiuiied com sc in “Physical Piepaiedness ” Lxamina tions will be given in the Student Health Sei vice beginning at 7 Professoi Eastwood of the phi sical education elepai tment stated that no exemptions from the course because of physical deheieneies can bo gianted to students who do not submit to the examination by tonight Arrangements Jor exemptions other than those due to physic il de ficiencies must be mule with Pio fossor Eastwood in room 110 of the Fieldhouse
(Continued from page 1) —rather than walk the distance— Dan yelled, developing his voice to a sufficient intensity that it could he heard cleaily above the loar of
a stadium crowd
Repiesenting the 1905 class, John H Collier brings with him a success story of the rags to riches variety After two years of school ho went to work for the Crane Company in Chicago, starting out as a coi e makci, and pi oceeded up the pi ovei bial ladelei until ho took over the job of piesident oi the company last yeai
1907 Notables
1907 Gala Week representatives with noteworthy records are Rob erf Gates, president of the Pie Heatei Company oi New York City, Roseoe Seyhold, viee-pi esident of Westinghousc in Pittsburgh, anil Fled SehafF, piesident of the SuperHeatei Company of New Yoik, and Atlantic Regional Diieetoi of the Alumni Association Younger half of Gala Week’s two celebrated classes, graduates of 1917, according to Ken Snyder, secietaiy of the class, haven’t had as much time to make names for themselves as have some of the old Cl alumni, but then lostci presents some well-known names
Gray 'fo Return
Harold Gi ay,‘'Ci oatoi oi Little Orphan Annie and all hci relatives and pioteefors, will journey down fioin Chicago to look ovei his Alma Matei Gi ay was art editor oi the Debus in his days at school, and set veil as cartoonist on the Exponent and Joriinal Coriiiei Colonel Geoige E Byei s, stationed at Memphis, lennessee is probably the highest ranking of fleer of the class of ’17 B Paul Stoneeifcr, general ehainnan of the ’17 Gala Week committee, has contiibiited a wife to the celebrations this weekend who IS presenting an exhibit of oil paintings in the Union Music Room Quivey lo Appear Ken Quivey of Baltimoie Steel, who IS in charge oi the 1917 class’ Sunday inoining breakfast piogiam, was one of the BMOC’s in his school days who almost let it get the best of him Accoiding to wellinfoimed souices, Ken spent so much time on outside activities that he was in constant disiavoi with the Univcisity staff and was ousted several times Finally, with the solemn promise that he would stay completely out oi activities, Ken was allowed to come back to school and finish With lire advent of the list Harlequin show, he was, as u-^u il asked to write the music lie at length agieed, took the ])lay home <it Chiistmas vieafion and wiote all the words and music in two weeks Helps With School Song While still in school Ken eollab orated with the unknown authoi of ‘ Hail Purdue ’ lo iurmsh tin words Evidently too m iny membeis of the class of 1892 li ive distinguished themselves to peiinit mentioning them heie, but tonioi low’s 1 xpo-
ent will cai i y on
Opens Here May 5
Notices
Co-op Book Buymsr Club Customers Pntrnnaire rLliinds ire rondv for those who bought hooks Dection of ofTiccrs today at 4pm m SCA office Refunds will bo given out at the election—open meeting —HORTON
Scabbard and Blade* Special meeting of all seniors receiving commissions at S p m. I riday May 1 at the Armory All rionmembers having this classification are invit.d to attend This will be a short moyb. —SULLIVAN
Opening May 5 with a sale of 26 bulls and 61 females, the 2nd National Congress show and sale of polled shorthorns will begin a two day meeting at the Univeisity At this meeting which will be judged by J B McCorkle, of Ohio State University, ten Indiana breeders will compete for $500 in premiums Anothei highlight of the first day’s piogiam will be a judging contest held for the wives and childien of the attending breedeis In the evening the breeders wril attend a banquet in the Fowler Hotel On May 6, top productions from Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Tennesse, Ohio and Nebraska will go on sale The show will include educational features as well as a wide selection of hornless cattle
Gimlets* Men initiated last fall can get tlidr keys fiom me —FRASER
Person Who Lost Clirono8:rap1i * You Uiay clnim it'at Student Senate Lost and Found Depaitmcnt, or by callmK Sand^ at 4051 —SANDLEBTN
Tau Beta PI PlnqiicB for seniors are now avadablc S<( V<?rn Vandeibilt 12(> Caiy Hall W(«t —YOUNGBLOOD
PKM 80 Sluotnts who nnid foi then pins at tlu Fuldliousc may secnie tlum in loom 110 ol tlu luldhoust Gym this W((k / —EASTWOOD
Coed Defense Code Class Certificatos are avnilublt in mstiurtois loom of the Armory BURKHART
Sons and Daughters of 1908 Class If in attendance at the University aie invited to attend the elass diniui Fnday niKht May 1 in the Union If you can come call Dr AiuUrson 1018 oi /ulall 41702 —ANDl RSON
Mode] Railroad Club Optn house I iiday May 1 from 7 to 10 p m at layout in Meehanital LriKitieti iriK buiUlinf? Be Iheie uady to opeiatc DARK
Further details about the event are included in an illustrated catalog ready for distribution Pictui^es of the animals with pedigiee information aie also included. Catalogs may be had fiee of charge by writing the American Polled Shoi thorn Society, Union Stock Yards, Chicago, Illinois
PEW All locks foi lockers in women h Gymnasium should be turned in by Satmday noon it tlu one dollai rotund is desued loekeis will bo emptied by May 4 Students rttislenrip: for physicil cduca tion oouists in summer teim may make ariangemfnts to keep their lockeib by f,iv inj? then names to Mrs Smith the mation —IIA/ELION
R, Price To Attend
Exponent Sophomore Editorial and Coed Stuff SiKii up on bulletin boaid in offiet toi woik on any two of followmj? dates I nday May 1 Satuiday May 2 Mond ly May 4 luesdav May 5 Rigulai sumnui stheMule stuits May > with work on Tiusd 13 Thursday and Saturday niphts —ARMS 1 KONG
RHYTHM' 'The sweet melodies, in “The Mayor of 44th Street," a thrilling diama with music pioduced ioi RKO Radio, are provided by lire talciiled songstiess, Joan Men ill, and the famous Freddie Mai tin and Ins oiehestia Geoige Muiphy and Anne Shirley are romanliCallj slaricd in this pioduetion at the New Mam Theatre Stalling Sunday
Soulhtvot til’s
Boy Scout Training Course In East
Scabbard and Blade Piaquos may bt oh lauud by senioi members at the Alphi Chi llho housf piioi to noon I iiday May 1 bUI r IVATI
Delta Rho Kappa Fume will Ih luld T 1 ulay nt 4 50 p ni Mu t in Swedish 1( unj. fl Uu Union 1 leetion ol (llietrs will bt luld — BICRIIIN
R R Puce, of Plymouth, who will he graduated from the University this Sunday at the 68th Annual Commencement exercises, is leaving May 1 tor the Moi timer Schiff Reservation in New Jersey to take a special one months’ Boy Scout Tiaining couise betoie he enteis piofessional work as a scout executive Member Of Honoraiy Piiee, vho is a membei of Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting hon or ary, has made an unusually high leeoid in scouting, having obtained 91 of the 106 merit badges given This recoil! is one of the highest in the country During the past yeai, he has seived as Seoutmastei ol Tioop 36 in West Lafayette and at the final meeting of the troop this week was presented with a pen and pencil and tiaveling kit by Ihi memboi s oi the ti oop
(hoerlcnders Tbost who have unifiini pk isi leave tlum at tlu AID houst lljssdl by 4 pm Iiidiv M ly 1 If impi sibk ( ill ) cor 1
J I
Pi Tail Sigma All hcniois wlu> do not h ivf plafiucs m ly tlum it 22) T ( v\ 1 i Avenue GULf OflY
ho
Counselors All women emiriRcloi hive eeunstkos f u llu semest i le}-,iPiiii M ly 4 meet tod ly in the AWS oflu 4 1 VAN CORKOM
at
Reamer Club Mtilinj it " 15 in n m 101 ol tlu Ui ion Wednesd ly ni^ht Impel tint KNOn
Aeromodelers Impeirtant mietin^ M 13 1 1 mm 80 R iU'iliments \$ill le stive 1 ) iveiiom All piospeetiv ni minis wtl ni Cejme e tu et me ill (" 30) SMIIH
1 reshmen Debris Salesmen M (.lint, e ill fushni i who hive sij^neei ip to \\ 1 ition in the Debus Bii in s It 1 p m tee! IV Silos h 1 vmII 1 n out It th It time Me I VUt HI IN
Cosmopolitan Club Ihti (( uliv I lid me (tiM ( n it 11 pm in J Ol 1 Oliieeis pie ist hi pu'
Classified Ads
CAP and GOWN
READY TODAY
llieiii af yomr convenience right np unli! lime for parade to start.
OPEN ALL DAY SUNDAY-
Typewriters—Add ng Mae'hines all makes 9old nntid repiired and purchabod Mmie ot,raph work done 0 J Lbirshoff 005 Mum I afayette Phone 2779
Students 4 1 lias ml enr 1 moms Sinele beds nine ispi irur m ittressts eontiruuush t witii I h me 2t) 20( Russdl Sti a C ill itUi ( 00 p m
0* tlie A.„ioiioin\ still is in Ne \ Yoik ( t\ eonieiJi/ig i\ilii (mil J Label <t( j (ih i iF ( ii -ipii'-tion pi I 1111 11 L.0 till <q)|ilii i ‘lohol ti ( IOI A i( it (|Li ilily
(( ontinurd i i om p ige 2) mg aiounii last night "We haei .i liunrh that a iev\ ptople eaiiied i eoujjle away in tluii lionnits WJIAT WL LOOK FOilWARD 'JO—Fust, moie oi these inloimal htudint iaeully gittogethiis See ond, we would hki to see more peojile attend tin sc ilisiussions 'Ihml, we bineeiely hope that by ei eating a bane, iiiendly atmosphere loi the dihcusbion ol student laeulty jii oh lerns we may accomplish in the long lun bomething eoneiete in bettei ing intia Univeisity i elatioiiship d tb
Yon know the story of Axis “dictatorsliip”—the lesson is tliere for all to read: Schools and colleges closed—-or turned into breeding groimds for lies and hate.
Freedom of speech—verbotenl Freedom to choose your friends—verbotenl . . All you need to learn is to obey!**
Now they would attempt to put the yoke on us—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever the cost, the Axis must be sjtnashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give oiur soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory.
Put your dimes and dollars into fighting! uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. You’ll help not only your country, hut yourself—because you are not asked to p,ive your money, but to lend it. You can starit buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as ISttle as 10 cents. Start buying today—and keep $ up!
Smiorbl Subbtribe to the* Exponent!
Save . . . and Save America With U. S. Savings B 0 N D S ^ S T AIM P S