Taking The Lead...
. , , m the climaxing program of “Social Hygiene Week,” Exponent Editor R. P. Manion jumped the gun on “Wasserman Night\’ and had his own test taken yesterday afternoon. In the above picture, Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the Student Health Service, is shown drawing blood from Editor Manion’s arm for a Wasserman test.
Free Wasserman Tests Climax Hygiene Program “Wasserman Night” will climax “Social Hygiene Week” at the University, Dr. Sayers J. Miller, of the Student Health Service, announced yesterday. At 7 o’clock tonight his department, in the Administration Building, will open up to give free Wasserman tests for syphilis to all students who report there. “We have supplies and facilities
for testing about 500 students tonight,” Dr. Miller stated, “and if more than that number show up wei will take down their, names and ask them to come back later.” Results Kept Secret All results of tests will be kept in the strictest confidence, he emphasized, and any students found to have syphilis will merely be advised concerning treatment. In making the Wasserman test, a small amount of blood is drawn from the patient’s aim—in a procedure that lasts only a couple of minutes. Later the blood is given the sensitive Cline test . if a positive re'-ult IS obtained, the Kahn test IS applied ... a positive reaction there brings into use the deciding Wasseiman test. Staff Will Be There The Student Health Service staff will be on hand tonight to extract blood for the tests. The offices will remain open as late as necessary to accomodate the students who call. Dr. Miller said last night. Good attendances were found at all seven showings of syphilis and gonorrhea films for men. Dr. Miller stated. Visiting pharmacists here for their annual conference were invited to see the pictures yesterday.
Co-eds To View Venereal Films “I think these pictures are impoitant enough for every girl on the campus to make special efforts to see one showing of them today.” Thus Dr. Bertha Rose, of the Student Health Service, spoke yesterday afternoon in regard to the venereal disease films which are to be shown to University women—staff and student—at 4 o’clock this afternoon and again at 7:05 tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall. “Girls are asked to put off social engagements tonight until after the piesentation of the pictures, so that they may attend,” she added. Typewritten notices of the motion picture showings were sent ,to all oiganized co-ed groups last week-end. Dr. Rose said. Yesterday moinmg she called those oiganizations again to remind them of today’s luns. The two talking pictures'on today’s progiam are “Science and Modem Medicine” and “Syphilis.” Both will be shown in the afternoon and again in the evening.
Indiana's Health Director Approves Campus Venereal Disease Campaign
Approval of the University’s “Social Hygiene Week” program came to the Exponent yesterday from Dr. Verne K. Harvey, director of Indiana’s State Board of Health, in a letter from the Statehouse Annex in Indianapolis. Along with his commendation, the state health director voices the opinion that including a Wasserman test in freshman medical examinations is desirable. Dr. Harvey cooperated in the Ex-ponent-Student Health Service restaurant clean-up drive last October by sending an inspector from the state bui-eau of food and drugs to the University. That campaign resulted in a satisfactory house cleaning of student patronized eating places. Harvey Writes Yesterday’s letter from Dr. Harvey reads: “I wish to congratulate the Exponent and Purdue Student Health Service for the active interest Purdue University is taking in the campaign to eradicate syphilis. Purdue University is demonstrating the leadership in the program under the direction of the Student Health Service. “The health education actitities participated in by the students of the University will not only benefit the students themselves, but will be far reaching in its influence on other individuals throughout this and other states.
Dr. Verne K. Harvey
Purdue Exponent
VOL. 49
Lafayette. Indiana
FRIDAY
March 25, 1938
No. 144
leiEQS FOEI PROM
Second Unnamed Band To Play In Union Cafeteria
“It would be a vei^ aesirable thing if freshmen students could have a Wasserman test included in their medical examination upon entrance into the University. Such a blood test would not only benefit the students and the University but would lend a great deal of weight and influence, from the educational standpoint, to the rest of the citizens. “The State Board of Health congratulates Purdue University on the active stand it has taken in promoting better health for its students.” Verne K. Harvey, M.D. Director State Board of Health.
Judges To Choose Prom Queen For Poise, Pulchritude “Poise, personality, and pulchritude” will provide the basis for the naming of this year’s Prom queen, the selecting committee of seven students decided yesterday afternoon at its first session. Nominations for the junior co-ed who will head the grand march may be placed in a special box at the west Union desk any time on or before Saturday, April 9. Only the name of the girl is necessary, although the committee prefers to have a photograph included with the nominating paper. Limit Field On the following Monday night, April 11, the committee will limit the field of contestants to eight or ten co-eds. These will be asked to appear for a group photograph the
next day.
Thuisday, April 14, the seven judges will meet in the final selecting session. On that day the 1938 Junior Prom queen will be chosen. Any Junior Eligible Any co-ed in the junior class is eligible for the title, the judges agreed yesterday . . . there are no scholastic, activity, or other requirements. Students comprising the electing committee are Senators C. G. Elliott and J H. Jacobi; Mortar Board Members Mary Jean Light and Betty Ann Stewart; Iron Key Men T. F. Sheets and R. P. Manion; and Prom Chairman R. M. Sasser. Last yeai’s Prom queen was Judith Jones, of Kappa Kappa Gamma
sorority
Seven HE Staff Members Attend State Meeting Misses Ruby Clark, Amy Howe, Amy Bloye, Ceceilia Schuck, Addath Unrau, Philena Palmer, and Ruth Jordan of the home economics staff are atendmg the annual meeting of the Indiana State Home Economics Association today and tomorrow at French Lick. Miss Jordan is one of the executive committee, and Miss Clark is a member of the committee on consumer education. Miss Palmer is on the committee of newsgatherers for the national journal of home economics. Miss Palmer has arranged an exhibition < of term problems on the study of clothing and textile labels for the meeting. D. T. Canfield talks To Efa Kappa Nu; 14 EE Juniors Pledged Eta Kappa Nu, national electrical engineering honorary society, formally pledged 14 junior EE’s at a meeting of the active chapter in room A of the Union Building last evening. Professor D. T. Canfield of the EE school, gave a talk on “The Lost Art of Thinking.” The following men were pledged: J. S. Brown, J. R. Clark, R. B. Fitts, G. R. Guthrie, J. E. Kessel, J. W. Kittner, R. E. Seely, E. Shay, E. P. Smith, C. B. Stafford, H. 1. Stanback, M. S. Strzalkowski, J. L. Thompson, G. W. Toben.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair and warmer today. Saturday mostly cloudy probably with showers. Cooler in north and central
portions.
Yesterday’s Temperatures: High, 65; low, 33; mean, 44.
Yearbook Total Reaches 2^426 As Campaign Closes Debris officials increased their order for yearbooks from 2,400 to 2,450 yesterday afternoon, after 123 copies were ordered by students in a last minute rush on the closingday of sale. Orders taken in yesterday brought the total number of copies sold to 2,426. Business Manager Art Siebenthal then telephoned the Smith Book Company, Chicago, for an increase of fifty copies over his previous order. The 24 books remaining unsold may be ordered through the Debris office. No salesman will be soliciting for further orders, said Siebenthal. SDK Awirds Prizes To Three Writers Winners of last week’s Sigma Delta Chi contest for best writing in student publications are Joy Johnson, Donald P. Smith, and James C. Woodson, according to an announcement last night by Hugh Forster, president of the organiza-
tion.
Miss Johnson, sophomore home economics student, and Woodson, sophomore electrical engineer, contributed winning articles to Exponent to take first prizes on that publication. The former’s two features gave her first place in that division, while three well-written news stories by Woodson brought him top honoi’s in straight newswriting. Smith Wins Smith turned in a feature on Jose Iturbi, Spanish pianist conductor on this week’s convocation program, to the Purdue Independent as the winning story for his publication. Honorable mention was given to Exponent workers Dorothea Justin, G. W. Frederick, Donald Terrio, and Betty Wickard. Each of the three first place winners will receive a copy of Roget’s “Thesaurus.” Symphonic Band To Play Easter Concert Professor P. S. Emrick, Director of the Purdue Military Bands, has announced that plans have recently been completed for a popular concert to be presented by the Symphonic Band in Lafayette on Easter Sunday, April 17. This concert, which is being sponsored by the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce and the Lafayette School Board, will be given in the Jefferson High School Gymnasium. A corps of aids has been chosen from the advanced harmony classes to present a varied program of numbers arranged especially for the instrumentation of the Symphonic Band. Over a year has been spent in arlanging all four movements of Peter Tschaikowsky’s Fifth Symphony which will be played in its entirety on this program. An added featui-e will be the band’s trumpet trio playing Walter M. Smith’s famous “Bolero.” Additional numbers from Strauss, Dvoi-ak, and Mozart will round out the program. E. B. Johnston... . . . graduate assistant in Agricultural Chemistry, resigned effective March 21 to accept a position with the Ralston Purina Company, St. Louis, Mo. Johnston obtained his MS degree with a major in Agricultural Chemistry from the University last June. During the past three years, he has assisted Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury, ag chemist, in studies relating to the nutritive properties of soybeans.
Buddy Rogers and his California Cavaliers were signed to play for the Junior Promenade, the Prom Committee announced last night. The ball will be held in the Memorial Union Building Friday night, April 22, the committee also said. A second band will be hired to play in the Union cafeteria to provide more dancing space, said the committee, and the entire Union Building will be utilized for the dance.
Played At College Inn
Recently completing a stand at the College Inn in the Hotel Sherman in Chicago, Buddy Rogers and l)is Cavaliers are now making a road tour of hotels and theaters throughout the country. While at the College Inn, Buddy Rogers broadcast over the Mutual and National broadcasting hook-ups. After returning from England where he starred in the Britishmade film, “Dance Band,” Buddy opened the Florida winter season with a limited stay at the RoneyPlaza Hotel at Miami Beach. He. previously played a record-breaking engagement at the Pennsylvania
Hotel, in New York City.
Studied Journalism
Buddy Rogers started in the musical field while atending the University of Kansas where he organized an orchestra and played for campus functions. A son of a Kansas newspaper publisher. Buddy studied journalism at the University, reported for the campus paper, and won awards in basketball, base-
ball, and boxing.
An honor student at the University of Kansas, Buddy Rogers was started on a film career shortly after receiving his diploma when a motion picture executive gave him a
screen test.
Plays In Ziegfeld ShowBuddy soon organized an orchestra and resumed his musical career. Attracted by Rogers’ music, the late Florenz Ziegfeld offered Buddy a starring role in one of his last stage productions, “Hotcha.” Rogers accepted and since then has remained an orchestra leader. Buddy Rogers’ orchestra played for the Chicago World’s Fair, and, in the orchestra’s favorite tune, “Twelfth Street Rag,” Buddy displays his skill as a musician by playing .the piano, trumpet, saxophone, clarinet, accordion, guitar, drums and trombone.
Druggists View Sbw Of Correct First Aid Work First regiment ROTC members took first place in first aid competition at the closing program of the eighth annual Druggists’s Business Conference in the Union ballroom yesterday afternoon. Total attendance at the two-day meeting was
435.
The winning team was composed of L. G. Hart, captain; C. J. Lupear, J. E. Fant, G. E. Posson, W. D. Aistrop. Second place was awarded to the fourth regiment; third, third reginient; fourth, women’s team,
and fifth, second regiment.
Each team was given a victim of a theoretical accident to care for, and was allowed a certain time limit in which to complete the proper
first aid proceedings.
Coupled with the first aid contest, a dramatized skit was staged, demonstrating correct procedure for resucitation, bleeding, shock, fractures, and burns. Characters in the skit included: Marieta Johnson, Catherine Himes, Ralph Captain, Harry Krause, Harry Zink, Leon Dailey, and Clem Woltman. “Drifting Biological Business” ,was the subject J. E. Haney of Hammond, as the final feature of the meeting at 3 o’clock. Haney stressed the point that strict and severe action should be taken against “quack” biologic producers. Purdue Student Team Wins Flower Exhibit Purdue took first place at the international student flower show sponsored by the American Society of Florists and Ornamental Horticulturists this week at Toronto, Canada. Second place went to the University of Illinois, while the Ontario Agricultural College took
third I lace.
Displays included a dozen different potted flowers grown and prepared for showing by students. Eighteen University students, majoring in floriculture, contributed
to the display.
Floricultural students are sending a similar display for another show this week-end at St. Louis,
Mo.
Tau Epsilon Phi... . . . social fraternity announces the initiation of Alfred Berger and Howard Natter of New York City; Oscar Shaevel and Isadore Soloff of South Bend; Asher B. Levin of Chicago; Jesse Swartz of Gary; Jerome Fisber of Valparaiso; and William Weber of Clearwater, Fla.
Publication Box After Friday, March 25, publication of the Exponent will be suspended for the spring vacation period. Tuesday, April 5, is the first day of publication after vacation return.
ROTC Will Replace Present Garb With Trouser Uniforms Next Year
In order to comply with the War Department uniform regulations, the uniforms for the Purdue ROTC will be changed starting in September, 1938, according to word received from Captain Whistlei*. New uniforms will be issued at the beginning of the next school year to a part of the Corps. Next year’s junior class will be equipped with oxfords and trousers instead of boots and breeches. The present junior class, who will be seniors next year, will have the option of purchasing oxfords and trousers if they sb desire. However, the seniors will be required to attend all Corps Day formations in the pi'csent regulation uniform.
Students entei-ing as fi’eshmen next year will probably be issued trousers instead of breeches and will be required to purchase oxfords instead of boots. Next year's sophomore class will be issued bieeches again. Thei’e is a gradual change from breeches to trousei's throughout the army. However, there is a considerable supply bf breeches still in the army that must be worn out before a complete change can be accomplished. This means that the army as a whole, as well as the Purdue ROTC, probably will have both the breeches and trousers in its organization until the bi-eeches ai“e worn out.^dUffdoL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ditmufi.
Friday, March 25, 1938
Why Can't You Get A Job...
this sunimei if you ^^ant oiie*^ Industry lequires that soonei oi latei you do some scrub work and get expeiience If you aie an undergiaduate noA^ is the time Take the case of ’Wairen A Beman, Ch ’40 Beman is inteiested in the paper industry He doesn’t know much about it—outside of text books—but he is going to find out moie
Sends Letter To 26 Companies ^ Heie IS the lettei he A\iote to 26 companies lecentlv
Deal Mr Siimmci i« =till ^e^elal 111011111“^ a^^av but now ]v tht time to mqune about a summei position B\ June 11 I shall have completed two yeais in the School of Chemical Engineering at Purdue UnnersiU This means that I have had tiaining m chemmtm (thiough qualitative and quantitative analysm) and geneial engmeeimg piactice Someda\ I will be an engmeei If I get expeii ence now between mv sophomoie and junior yeais I will be a bettei one I will know what the papei industry expects of an engmeei and what I should study to help me m voui field Mv home is Ephiami Dooi County, Wisconsin I am going home duiing oui spiing vacation (March 26 to Apiil 3) May I stop in and talk to you some time during that week‘s I will appieciate any consideiation that you will give me Enclosed is a peisonnel blank listing my qualifications Veiv tiuly youis, Wairen A Beman
This lettei yeiit to 26 companies on March 21 Within fi\e days 23 companies replied Four of these expressed interest in Bemen and asked him to come m for an interview Another company asked him to get in touch with them m June
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
^soctnt«d ColWdiatc 'Jlress
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $3 per year by mail $3 60
Editor-In-Chief R P Mamon
Business Manasrer D C Miller
CO ED STAFF
Elizabeth Fyke
Mary Cooley Dorothea Justin
Sally McKee
J E Brock
PUBLICATION STAFF
Managring Editor
Editor s Secretary Margaret Sawyer Associate Editors —D A Bailey L S Hardin C D Schroeder H I Stanback D R Vance
Sophomore Assistants—R J Deckard G W Frederick K C Houston R E Insley R L Keck W A Kroep lin G J Tafel D G Terrio G A Torrence J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
J P Girard W J Gilhlan R. R Hensler M C Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R F Obenchain J S Brown R L McDonald B D Witwer
MAIN OFFICE 312 N Fifth St Lafayette Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 5038
Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Insley Friday March 25 1938
With ye regular editor out of town, this colyum has practically gone to the—CO eds for today The following items would have made darn good copy for yesterday’s co ed issue of the Exponent
ro THE PURDUE ED
You talk about me to hide yourself. Your own looks you ignore, When, leally, my pet, you’re on the shelf With eveiy othei boie
You cannot face the awful truth That you yourself are a goon You’ll probably continue your manner uncouth From now till the crack of doom
Too egotistical to see the light. Too dumb to understand. That you are neither cute ncy; bright. Nor awfully in demand
Beman needs only one job By contacting the field, he uncovered four possibilities Now he IS preparing himself for interviews during spring vacation How does he go about if^
Plans Job-Getting Procedure How does he go about it He is brushing up on paper chemistry, reading periodicals for the new developments and new paper products, looking for information on these companies, thinking of intelligent questions he can ask in his interviews, composing a good follow-up letter
viewing, know more about the industry, and what the inside of a paper mill looks like He will prepare another list of companies located in the area near his home town and write more letters This list will be obtained by getting leads from friends, writing Chamber of Commerce offices, Purdue Alumni Clubs, consulting Thomas’ Register and other literature m the personnel office, Moody’s Industrial Index in the library If he cannot find the name of the man in charge of employment, he will address his letter to the president of each company
Each time you make a nasty crack I never retort, of course. Because I know just what you lack So I smile and consider the source
I hope some day that you may see The fool that you really are But then, I know that time will be In the dim dim future fai —Betty Co ed
AN ODE ro LOONS, ALIAS PURDUE HE C?) MEN
Before Beman visits a company he will check on his personal appearance Believing he stands to lose if he makes a bad impression, there will be no slip up on conservative clothes, hair in place, clean fingernails, and other details that might prejudice an employer
Employer Will Buy Service Several things Beman keeps in mind the employer is willing to buy service, he is investing company money if he hires the applicant, the employer must be shown that the applicant’s knowledge, interest and future value to the company is something he cannot find in a common laborer
Youie always complaimng, aient you’ Youie nevei satisfied, aie you’ You think you’ie handsome, don’t you ' You aren’t
Gets Valuable Experience What if Beman doesn’t land a job*^ At least he will have some valuable experience in inter-
In writing a letter, Beman knows he must be brief, and should attach a record of his qualifications In talking to an employer, he must appear alert, sincere, intelligent He wants a ]ob near home m his field of work and he knows better than depend on luck in getting it —J N D
You re bowlegged, aren’t you’ You’re face is gruesome, isn’t it’ You’re teeth hang out, don’t they’ Yes
You giipe about the co eds, don t
you
Letters to the Editor
Sigma Chi..
You giipe about the weather, don t you’ You giipe about the town, don t you’ You giipe
Grill Has Some Satisfied Customers
Dear Editor It seems fitting to write some sort of an answei to the exaggerated charges made against the Purdue Memorial Union Grill lounge in this column last Satuiday It IS no more than fair since one person has made an indictment against the grill on one charge, that the satisfied customers should have a chance to say what they think of the Gnll seivice as a whole First, I will admit that the Gull service is not perfect, but will you show me a place that always renders perfect service in every custom er’s opinion’ Did “Hopeful” Lie’ Of couise “Hopeful” will reply that this particular incident was beyond any foigiveness on the part of the customer Not being present, I will have to take “Hopeful’s” word for the whole situation Now do you think that publishing such an exaggeiated account of the af fair was the gentlemanly thing to do’ I hardly think so You could have made your complaint to the proper authorities quietly and still accomplished youi purpose That is, if you had a purpose other than trying to “run” down the Grill publicly and build up the Sweetshop “cuties ” —Satisfied
heie to oui campus could do some thing to elinunate this noise for a least 0 neevenmg a month The stu dents ot this University aie, in geneial, legulai customeis of the Street Railway Company and the execu tives of that company could at least extend the couitesy of discontinu mg the University Stieet line for two houis one night a month It could not possibly be that they would sustain any great loss from such an action City Would Do It Certainly if the city of Lafayette 01 West Lafayette were to have a celebiation of some nature that re quiied Umveisity Stieet to be closed, it would be done These mu sical and othei educational convo cations aie just as impoitant to the students and some townspeople as any such celebration—at least, such would seem to be the case from the regular large attendance at these programs I know this comment expi esses the feelings of t^ majority of the students who have) the inteiest and appreciation to attend these convo cations I also feel quite sure that any steps taken to correct this unpleasant disturbance will help to make the convocations even moie successful T A Feucht, ME ’38
social fiateinity, held initiation ceiemonies Sunday foi nine pledges followed by a dinnei in then honoi Students initiated aie H S Badet South Bend, R H Craig, Nobles ville, R O Fisher, Ottawa, 111 , G K Hughel Andeison, A W Kettlei, Foit Wayne, J H McKee West Lafayette, C F Mai tin, Dayton 0 , D J Rooney, Chicago, and W F Tayloi Ji , Lafayette
You’re build is like Appollo’s, isn’t it’ You re the life of the party, aren’t you’ You just radiate personality, don’t
you'
No
EXPONENT SCHEDULE Monday, April 4th Night editor, DR'V, stooge, CDS, issue, WAK, stayover, Harmon, proof, GJT, marker, RLK, asst proof. Patter son, worker, Yates
Ihose two contiibs should put some of OUI high and mighty co eds just in the right mood for giving the boy back home a break during spring vacation
Famous Last Line Hope I can beat the folks to the postman on the day those yellow slips show (me) up in the mail
Stop Street Cars
Dear Editor Tuesday night of this week, we had the opportunity of listening to one of the world’s most iccognized musicians and pianists in a very inspiring program An inspiring program, punctuated by the noisy rattle of street cars and an occas lonal off-key clang of a bell Surely those who go to so much trouble to bring these celebrities
Kappa Kappa Gamma Initiates 21 Pledges Kappa Kappa Gamma initiated 21 girls Thursday night New mem bers include Maiian Alther, Mary Burtsfield Maiy E Callison, Mary Jane Can Georgia Can oil, Betty Jane Dan, Patricia Heunng, Man ette Hollingswoith, Caryl Kepner, Manlyn McKnight, Helen McQueen, Janet Pickenng, Baibara Rectoi Maiy Ann Reimann, Beveilie Rice, Jane Sthueler, Caroline Shaw, Jos ephine Thomas, Manlou VanBer gan. Nan Ward and Ruth Wattleworth
lit/ We hope that you may be as happy as this bird during your spring vacation.
West Side Cleaners Northwestern at Vine Phone 4081
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
«I
- ( t, h Copr 1938 by United Feature Syndicate Inc
“About that shipment of cars to Scotland—test the brakes and see that they’re able to stop on a dime
Couitesy in driving an automo bile IS just as impoitant as othei phases of social etiquette Emily Post, in her radio discussions on automobile etiquette points out that diiveis who have impeccable table manneis may still be veiy lude while diiving a car The peison who pulls out of tiaffic line and then fiantically edges back into it would nevei think ot foicing his way up thiouqh the line at a theatei box office Social outcasts, because of then bad diivmg manners are listed by Mis Post as follows The diunkcn diivei the snail who ciawls along
the mid centc 1 ot the load, the diivei who stops suddenly without signalling the smoking drivei, who tosses lighted cigais out the win dow, the diivei who blows his hoin unnecessarily in tiaffic lines, the diiver who staits suddenly on a gieen light endangeiing pedestiians caught m a tiaffic ciossing, the drnei who lets go of the vheel as hr lights a cigarette oi turns the windshield up oi down—letting his cai meandei off the load m the meantime
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
—Also**— 'Pointed StoUion*' —Plus— ''Sport Reel"
LUMA
TODAY — SATURDAY
-PLUS
•nh I9UIS HAYWARD SARiARA READ IRiC UNDEN IXNUGENT
UNIVERSAl PICTURE
ONLY 2 MORE DAYS WALT DISNEY'S
first full len^fth feature..
Illie In Muldpliuie Techmcolor DON’T MISS IT!
-COMING SUNDAYANOTHER BIG HIT'
MANHATTAN MERRY GO ROUND
—WITH— 3 ORCHESTRAS and a Cast of Hqllywood’s “WHO’S WHO”
— LAST DAY
One Ever Muscle^^n on H is Rackets . . . and Liredl AKIM TAMIROFF
Tops his smash performance in "Buccaneer" Gail Patrick Anna May Wong
in
'DANGEROUS TO KNOW'
5 DAYS Starting TOMORROW tonX,
1Friday# March 25, 1938
THE PURDUE
^pn>tfA.
EXPONENT
Chicago Relays Next On The List Of Spring Indoor Track Meets
The spring crop of track meets is getting well under way. Three weekB ago tomorrow it was the Illinois Relays; a week ago last Saturday it was the Big Ten relays; last Saturday the runners performed at Butler; and tomorrow it will be the Chicago Relays. These Chicago Relays will be one of the largest and most colorful meets held in these parts for quite a while. Many of the winter stars will be featured. Prominent among these will be Glenn Cunningham, lanky miler, who recently broke his own world’s record in that event twice in one week; Don Lash, Indiana’s erstwhile stellar distance performer; and Earle Meadows, a pole vaulter from ’way out in California, who has been shattering altitude records quite consistently. New Track These and numerous other track stars, will be provided with the last word in a new indoor track, being built in the International Amphitheater especially for the meet. The new oval is of spruce, and is being built by an expert in the business, Herrick E. Horner. Horner
has built over 60 tracks throughout the East. The new oval will make it easier to break records than would a cinder or clay track. Running conditions on “the boards” are more uniform; the footing is more consistent; there is no wind; a correctly constjucted track gives a spring to the stride which lessens the feeling of fatigue. ^ Glenn Cunningham may make a special try for that long-talked-of four minute mile. He recently showed up very well in a tryout on Dartmouth’s indoor wooden track. Phi Delta Theta... . . . social fraternity, elected the following officers at a meeting last night: C. T. Swan, president; R. S, Colquhoun, secretary; H. M. Brambarry, assistant secretary; D. Butterfield, reporter; R. F. Von Beulow, warden; V. L. Van Zant, assfstant warden; A. C. Perrin, historian; K. L. Mulholland, alumni secretary; J. W. Claypool, chorister; J. R. Hammerstadt, chaplain; H. E. Strawbridge, assistant chaplain.
Baseball Squad Leaves For South Today
Blacks Win In WAA Basketball Windup Climaxing the WAA basketball season, the Black team of all-stars defeated the Gold team 16 to 9 yestei’day afternoon. Tbo members of the victorious Black team were Janette Shaffer, Janette Morris, Mary Mather, Joyce Davison, Marie Brewer, Elizabeth Maier, and Betty Beaudry. The Gold team which suffered dafeat was comprised of Mary Louise Riley, Jane Fishleigh, Georgia Walker, Evelyn Heeter, Margaret Jenkins, Rosemary Vandivier, Bernice Beisel, Virginia Blank, and Isabelle Weishaar.
When a Yale student handed a call slip in for Yale’s Gutenberg Bible, his request was refused. This book is worth $120,000 and is one of seven of its kind extant in the world.
Decimal Equivalents of Fraction of an Inch
tV — xh — 3^^ = Va =
V4
.015625
.03125
.046875
.0625
= .078125 = .09375
.109375 = .125
= .140625
.15625
= .171875 = .1875 .203125 = .21875 .234375
= .25
= .265625 = .28125 .296875 = .3125
D E C K E R S
%
<r-f v>
H ii
64 %
.328125 .34375 .359375 .375 .390625 .40625 .421875 .4375 .453125 .46875 .484375 .5 .515625 .53125 .546875 .5625 .578125 .59375 .609375 .625
518-20 Main Street
ENGINEERING AND OFFICE SUPPLIES POST ON WAU FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE
Greek Baseball To Open After Spring Vacation Starting with a round of practice games, interfraternity baseball will get underway Monday, April 4. All games will be played on Intramural Field west of Russell Street, with the Usual plan being followed in regard to the schedule, Ten of the weaker teams will play in a separate league, and out of this group the two best nines will play in the finals. All other teams will play in another league with the SIX top teams going to the finals. Medals and a team trophy will be awarded to the winner in the higher league, while a small team trophy will be given to the winner in the lower bracket. Catchers’ equipment and scorebooks can be checked out at the intramural office. Clara Snyder Talks To HE Survey Class “Oppoitunities for the Home Economics Trained Girl in the Commercial Field” was described by Mrs. Clara Gebhard Snyder at her lectuie to the heme economics freshmen survey class yesterday at 11. Mrs. Snyder, of the Department of Foods and Nutrition, Wheat Flour Institute, Chicago, 111., was one of the main speakers at the Womens’ Work and Opportunities Conference sponsored by WSGA last fall. At 2 o’clock in the afternoon, Neva Fricke assisted Mrs. Snyder in a model demonstration of the preparation of quick breads and yeast bread at a commercial demonstration class. At this time technique of the commercial demonstration was discussed. With Charley Cartwright.. . . . and his orchestra, of Peoria, 111., providing the musical background, Tei’ry House, at 608 Waldron, will dance tonight from 9 until 12 in an atmosphere of mystery and murder, commemorating a murder committed in the house 13 years ago. The dance will be chaperoned by Dean W. A. Knapp, R. B. Stewart, W. A. Bodden, and M. D. Steer. Max H. Ostrander... . . . sophomore chemical engineer, received official notification of his appointment to the United States nav^^academy last Wednesday. His application for the position, effective in June, was accepted when two vacancies in the academy were reported. Ostrander will complete his second semester’s work at Purdue before entering at Annapolis.
WE RE JUST WISHING YOU A happy and enjoyable spring vaeation. —And be sure your car is in
good condition before leaving.
Peter Anderson Company
Phone 4048
525 Alabama Street
18 Players Will Make Southern Trip During Vacation; Six Games Scheduled Eighteen members of Purdue’s baseball squad will leave this afternoon on the team’s annual spring vacation southern training trip, that calls for two games each with Southern Methodist, Centenary, and Louisiana Tech next week. The Boilermakers will open against Southern Methodist at Dallas, Tex., on Monday and Tuesday, meet Centenary on Wednesday and Thursday, and Louisiana Tech on Friday and Saturday. Although handicapped by the loss ——
of Capt. “Red” Breslin, stellar third sacker and outstanding hitter, who broke his ankle while sliding this week, Coach Dutch Fehring is still hopeful of developing a wellrounded diamond combination that will have considerably more power
than last year’s nine.
7 Major, 1 3Iinor Lettermen Seven major lettermen and one minor letterman are included in the squad that will leave tomorrow: Pitchers —■ Arnold Bredewater, Stuart Heiss, Carrol Mangas, Murray Shiff, and Homer Warner. Catchers—Howard McAfee, and El wood Yeager. Infielders—Joe Doan, Wayne Hearne, Jim Kurtz, Sam Lyboult, Felix Mackiewicz, Obert Moan, Joe Waling, and Jimmy Thompson. Outfielders — Ross Dean, Bud Stamm, and Johnny Vernon. Six Are Basketball Players Six members of the squad— Dean, Lyboult, Mangas, Stamm, Vernon, and Yearger—were members of the Big Ten championship basketball squad, while Mackiewicz is one of the leading halfback candidates in footb^l. The Boilermakers will be accompanied on the southern jaunt by Carmen Hill, of Indianapolis, former big league hurler who staiTed with Pittsburgh, the New York Giants, and St. Louis Cardinals. Hill will spend the week working intensively with the battery candidates. With Arnold Bredewater, leading Big Ten hurler last season on an earned run basis, heading the staff, Fehring expects stronger pitching during the coming season. Bredewater will be given able support by such veterans as Heiss and Mangas, while Shiff and Warner, both newcomers, have shown considerable promise. Fehring To Improve Hitting Development of hitting power and location of capable first and third basemen are apparently Fehring’s major problems. The loss of Breslin, recognized as one of the most finished collegiate players in the game, has necessitated revising the infield, but Fehring is hopeful that development on the southern trip will provide a solution. The outfield candidates are headed by Ross Dean, who clouted the ball for a .319 average in Big Ten competition last season. Lineup Although the eventual lineup will
be deteiininecl by developments on the southern tiip. Coach Fehring indicated tonight that the batting order for the opener with Southern Methodi-t would be a'^ follows: Lyboult, 2b, Vei non. If; Stamm, cf; Mackiewicz. 3b; Dean, rf; Thompson, .-,3; Doan or Waling, lb; McAfee, c; Bredewater and War-
ner, pitcher.
Inirasquad Football For Spring Gridders To Be Discontinued Due to the large number of spring football aspirants, Mai Elward, Boilermaker coach, and his assistants have decided to eliminate the usual annual intrasquad football competition that the Gold and Black spring gridiron practices have featured in the past. More emphasis IS being placed on a starting combination for the 1938 season. One hundred and fifty uniforms have been issued, which marks a new high for Purdue football practice, but inexperience is also prevalent in many of the players. The fear of many injuries and the desire of molding together a smooth functioning combination has led Coach Elward and his assistants to do away with the annual spring games between the Gold and Black
gridders.
Richey Tel|$ Kiwanians About NYA At Luncheon “I think a town’s own successful businessmen and citizens can do more with boys in a year than any governmental agency can do in three,” declared Robert Richey, of Indianapolis, state director of the National Youth Administration, before nearly 100 local Kiwanians at their regular weekly luncheon yesterday noon. The activities of the NYA, in which 675 Indiana high schools and 38 colleges and univei-sities are participating, were described as consisting of financial assistance to needy students, financial assistance and work experience for out-of-school and unemployed boys and gix'ls, and vocational guidance and placement service.
YANKEE COACH LINES, Inc. OF INDIANA CHICAGO - WHITING - GARY - VALPARAISO - MONON LAFAYETTE - INDIANAPOLIS Schedule oi Doily Bus Service Lohr Hotel Cigar Stand — 4055
SPRING VACATION Will give us a much-needed rest and a chance to do some spring housecleaning. DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your selection. H. G. (Deac) Reisner
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 3,08a,10« YELLQ2BOLE
New way of burning tobacco — better, cooler, cleaner. Carburetor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl abso/ute/y dry. Treated with honey. Get the genuine.
UPDRAFT
makes tobacco burn bettermpm
oC/xaL CUHa,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
TUiiiaiA,
Friday. March 25, 1938
200 Students Hear
Forestry Lecture
Oppoituiiitie? in till’ field of forO'^try ore «Ucsped by Henry L. Clepper. Washincrton, D. C.. executive ‘^ecutaiy of the Society of Amei iciiii Foio^tei"', in lii'^ speech befoie tlu annual banquet of the Forests Club Wednesday evcningwhich attracted about 200 students. Dean .1 K Skinner described the campus a'- It appeared when he came to Pm due March 20, 1899, as an as•^mtant on the asfi'icultural staff.
Eds Sway^ Coeds Pay^ While Cisne Men Play Today
Di Gcorye W. Spindler, an honoran member of the club, recited a poem of hm own composition on the “yellow hammer’’ biid, and Dean M. L F'lsher presented to the Forc^tery Department a print of the famous “Charter Oak” tree in Connecticut, which was sent him by Charles F. Case of Hartfoi d, Conn., a relative of the late Charles Terry.
Culotta Holden is chairman of the committee on arrang'ements for the dance.
Todson Speaks On
The picture of the famous tree was accepted by Prof. B. N. Prentice. head of the department.
Road Development
The senior forestry award, a box compass, foi outstanding- woik in the school went to Ercell Cummins of Lafayette. Charles S. Walters, president of the club, acted as toastmaster. Entertainment by members of the club included a violin solo by R. W. Shaw’ with J. R. Blackwell as accompanist; songs by the foresters quartet composed by Bline, Chomyak, Glazebrook and Schnell, characterizations and specialty numbers by Norman Gamson and his Swingsters, the Happy Hollow Swmgsters and others. Members of the freshmen and senior classes also presented skits.
Colored pictures on highway development and base stabilization w’ere shown to Civil engineeringstudents by Jesse A. Todson last night in the lecture room of the Civil Engineering Building. The lectui e w'as sponsoi-ed by the ASCE for The benefit of those interested in highway engineering. Mr. Todson, county superintendent of highw'ays from Spi’ingfield, Ilk, illustrated his lecture, “Base Stabilization and Bituminous Mineral Aggregate Mix” with slides showing the treatment of subgrade types of machinery required, and the condition of highways after bein.g treated with this mix.
Penalty Dates
During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon March 25 to noon March 26, April 4, from noon May 27 to noon May 28 and May 31. These days represent the 24 hour periods before and after the Spring Recess and Memorial Day. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted prior to any absence on penalty dates.—Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dean of Men a certified, detailed statement explaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary payment.
Penalty Rule: Any student who is absent from a regular meeting; of a class during the twenty-four hours (not including Saturday afternoon or Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the cashier an extra fee of $5.00 for each twenty-four-hour period or fraction thereof missed. —M. L. Fisher, Dean of Men.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Educxrtion H.G.REISNER
SOtJTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
Professional
The Risk Dental Clmic
DE. PAUL A. EISK DB. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DE. LUTHER A. BISK
4th & Main
Phone 5701
Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile kejr and lock seirlGe onr specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer DlstrUmtors
208-211 N 5th St Phone 2828
• Eats
Try FRANK'S PLACE
For Those Good Sandwiches ' and Hot Chili
111 Vine St
W. Lafayette
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE Phone 51784
• Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
fioih J-iousd
Inc
635 Main St. in Lana ThcAtre Baildinir Phone 7955—8050 '
• Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri. > KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Greeks Sponsor Vacations Abroad
before noon Saturday, March 26. No other opportunity will be given this semester. —MESSERSMITH.
To the tunes of Dick Cisne and his Illinois University orchestra, co-eds and their guests will honoithe 20 Gold Pepper pledges tonight in the Union ballroom. At the 10:30 intermission, names of the pledges wdll be revealed in a flash from the smiling lips of a pictured co-ed forming the backdrop for the occasion. Tickets, priced at one dollar, may be obtained at all sorority houses, WRH, and the Union desk. Mary Alice Masters, ticket chairman, has reported that the 500 tickets are going fast. According to Virginia Slocum, president of Gold Peppers, long, informal dresses w-ill be in order for
Thirteen campus fraternities and sororities are sponsoring trips to Europe during the coming summer for undergraduate and younger alumni members who are planning to vacation abroad. Sailing at varying dates late in June, the special parties have been planned to assure congenial traveling companions for the members and are being chaperoned by national officers of the organizations, officials state. Fraternities backing the trips are Sigma Nu, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Alpha Tau Omega, Theta Xi, Sigma Phi Epsilon, Acacia, Sigma Pi, Delta Upsilon, and Lambda Chi fraternities.
Students: Picture will be taken in front of the Union Building at 4:16 Friday, March 25, for all students whose parents, either father or mother, were members of the 1913 class at Purdue. This picture is for the 26th reunion of the class. —BAUGH.
shorts, 1 pair suspenders, 1 pair black gloves, 1 German book, 2 pairs black co-ed’s shoes, 1 black overnite bag. Come and get it. 3-26 —WOOD.
P.I.A. Orchestra: Practice will be held at 7 p. m. Friday, March 26, in the tower room of the Union.
—SHINN.
Green Potters Dance Chairmen; Meeting in room D of Union Building at 4 p. m. Friday, March 26. —GIBSON.
Reamer Club: Important meeting Mti^j April 4, at 7 p. m. in the Union Builc to decide on motion picture plans.
—ROSS.
JuildThp
All-Campus Badminton: Seini-ftnals and finals will be played Tuesday, April 6. All matches to date must be finished by Firday, March 26. Ward doubles teams must be present at 4 :30 p. m. on Friday, March 25, in order to run off the matches np to the finals. The latter will be played the same day of the finals in all-campus singles. —BILLINGS.
Students: All students interested in entering Co-op houses next year see me at 1 University St., or telephone 3846. —DE LA CROIX.
WSGA Activities Committee: Compulsory meeting in the office at 4 p. m. Friday, March 25. —JONES.
Union Workers: Will the members of our committees meet in the work-shop at 4 p. m. Friday, March 2.5. - -HARPER. MASON.
WSGA Activities Committee: Friday, March 26, is absolutely the last day to get blanks in. —JONES.
Purdue Flying Club: The following men see Captain Aretz about releases before leaving for spring vacation or flying again: Hyde, Kelly, Kimball, Marshall, Paetz, Schneblin. —DOSTAL.
Freshman Fencers: All bouts In the preliminaries must be finished between. 4 and 6 p. m. Friday, March 26. Contestants who have not finished or are tied must attend at this time or lose by forfeit. —MATTHEWS.
NYA Students: Checks for the periods ending March 9 are now avaUable at the Cashier’s office in the Executive Building. 4-6 —HOLLBNSBE.
Purdue Engineer: All freshman and soph, omore editorial staff members report for work Friday, March 26, at 4 p. m. in Engineer office. —CATTERALL.
“Of Thee I Sing’’ Cast: The following articles have been left in the Playshop ofiBce —2 hats. 1 tie, 2 baclk men’s shoes, 2 pair silver sandals, 1 pair gold sandals, 1 blue shirt, 1 white slip, 1 plaid blouse, 2 pair blue
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. EbershoflF, 605 Main street.
For Your Mother’s Day Invitations
LOST—Pair of rimless glasses. Front of Union, 7:30 p. m. Thursday, Match 17. Call Ralph Zalkan 2305.
Notices
No Notic s Accepted After 8 pj
See Lafayette Printing Company
Reserve bfficers and Senior ROTC Students : All interested in taking a year of active duty under the Thomason Act see me before 4 p. m. Friday, Marfch 25. —HAYFORD.
or Call 7828
ME 31: Condition exams will be held in loom 301 of the ME Building Saturday, April 16 from 1-4 p. m. All those wishing to avail themselves of this opportunity must make arrangements with the undersigned
Menus or Stationery
Fresh From The Oven
Always depend on the deliciously fresh, high quality of our bakery goods. Stop in on your way home and . buy a cake, rolls’, bread, or cookies and take them home for supper.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State, W.L.
Are you wondering what you will do next week?
If you are unable to go home for vacation, you will find the Union a pleasant place to pass away the time
^Le (^nii oCounae
5L C^a^etena
lends a restful and leisurely atmosphere with its spaciousness and modernistic furnishings—just the place to loiter over a soda, sundae, or light lunch while enjoying yourself and your friends.
is the place to go when your time is limited and your stomach is demanding a good meal, well cooked, and temptingly flavored. There are two fast moving lines in the cafeteria.
^Le ^lAjeet Sh
op
^Le (^Ledtnut
oom
for those leisure moments when you crave a refreshing drink with friends in pleasant and social surroundings. There is always some one whom you know at the Sweet Shop.
will make a lasting impression upon your guests with its fine appointments, courteous service, and tasty food. You will be even more pleased to know that prices in the Chestnut Room are most reasonable.
2L Miad Rc
oom
Free Instruction
SI,
Expert Barbers i^owiivK^
op-
T-
Good Equipment for an Enjoyable Exercise.
You are particularly urged to use the Music Room, Browsing Room, Game Room, Lounges, and all other facilities that are free and without charge
IhiL
PwtdwL TyimufuaL lAnwti. Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities
44