A
' - • V» • ' . V ,. - ,^ ' • ^ ^ ‘ V^ ^ ' ; ‘ ^ - ,s ^ , ' ‘ ' , f , . / ^ ^ ^ ^ J , ’■' * ■ - ' ' . ' ■ <' • J/ ft-' ■*.- . -' V ■ , • . " . . , : ' ^ -
Boilermakers
Indiana’s Bucket Brigade!
THE WEATHER
1% Jl X
FRIDAY
Forecast for Indiana: Rain
Novenn]^ 18,^ 1^8
probable today, cooler. Tomor-
Jl LILj 1 m mlL LJCJXl^sX 11.
Lcdbyeltef IndBcma
row fair and cooler.
Z-I8S ' ' ■ .
Vol. SO No. 57 a
V y
'41
<41
I <
Welsh Imperial Singers To Appear Here Monday And Tuesday
Torchlight Pep Session To
Feature Big Snake Dance
Introduce Co-ed Cheer Leaders At Novel Radio Pep Session; Gridders Celebrate, Feed Miss Indiana To The Flames
WCLSH IMPBRIAI, SINGERS Monday and Tuesday, the Welsh Imperial Singers will present the third University convocation in Memorial Gymnasium starting at 8 o’clock. Directed by E. Pertyn Davies, the chorus is noted for its exceptional singing and striking appearance. Two traditions direct the chorus* program. They will be attired in. bright red coats with black collars, black ties, ruffled shirts, and brown trousers. Each program opens with “The March of the Men of Harlech,” which is sung in their native tongue. Their repertoire includes one hundred songs in English, Welsh, Scotch and American. The chorus has made several appearances in the United States, but the majority of their tours have been in the old country, especially the British Isles. Lloyd George, famed British diplomat, said of the chords, “This band of singers is different. Old melodies were new tonight.” The Duke of York, after the same performance, said, “They’re a credit to Wales—a wonderful party.”
Gala Week, Junior Prom Petitions Are Due At 5:30 Today
Banquets, Mixer, Campus Tours Planned For Visiting Mothers And Dads Tomorrow
Flaming torches will light tho way tonight as Reamer and Gimlet pallbearers falf in behind Purdue^s Military Band to deliver the remains of the imhonored and unsung Miss Indiana to her final fiery sublimation in the raging inferno of the pep session bonfire on Stuart Field, following an appropriate eulogy by Hank Miller. Promptly at 7 p. m., the torchlight parade will form at the Union—^band, funeral cortege, and finally students in snake daiice formation—for the march to the bonfire. This afternoon WBAA will present a unique radio pep session between 12:15 and 12:45, consisting of comments by Mel Taube, “Dutch” Fehring, Co-captains Humphrey and Mihal, Lou Brock, Jack Brown, Ted Hennis, and other speakers, and introduction of the new co-ed cheer leaders. Yells and songs will complete the program.
FIELDHOUSE, Purdue; Nov. 18—^Led by Co-captains Paul Humphrey and Joe Mihal, the Battlin’ Boilermaker grid squad celebrated the conclusion of the final practice session of the year last night by cremating Miss Indiana. A far from funeral atr mosphere was present as'Joe^and Paul touched oif the fire amid the cheers of the Purdue gridders. The entire squad stood around and watched Miss Indiana, impersonated by a much-used tackling dummy sporting a scarlet jersey, bum up and fall to the ground, accompanied by a special rendition of “Taps”
,hummed by Ray Abbott, reserve end.
Just before the cremation, each
Two Mainstays In...
With 10 petitions taken out by prospective Junior Prom Qqmmitteemen at 5:30 yesterday afternoon, Student Senate again issued its wai’ning that the deadline for petitions is this afternoon at 5:30 p. m. The Senate’s Union office, room A, will be open from 4:00 to 5:30 today for those interested in taking out petitions for either Junior Prom or Gal^ Week committees. There is also a $1.00 fee.
Those who had taken out petitions yesterday were: Prom: Bennie Burns, L. C. Farquhar, F. K. Schleicher, Wayne Hearne, Jack Swinney, Julius Singer, Vine Hruby, Louise Schickler, Jim Williamson, and Ralph Reiley. Gala Week: Dale Schinbeckler, Ralph Maby, Leon Jacobson, Bob Heine, R. R. Hannas, Eleanor Turner, and Francis Eastburn.
100 Union Formal Tickets Go On Sale
Union officials announced last night that tickets for the annual Union Formal, scheduled for the Fri day after Thanksgiving, will be sold to sophomores and freshmen today from 4 to 5:15 p. m. in the Union lobby. Approximately 350 out of a possible 450 tickets have already been sold. Passports will be needed for identification of those who wish to buy tickets.
Maestro Clyde McCoy and his famous Sugar Blues orchestra will furnish the entertainment.
Dads of University students will be guests of honor at the Purdue-Indiana game tomorrow afternoon, outstanding feature of the annual Dad’s Day celebration which starts this evening with a banquet for the .executive committees of the Dads and Mothers organizations at 6 p. m. in rooms one and two of the Union Building. Saturday morning, after registration in the Union Building, campus tours with sons and daughters is on the program for the Dads. At 11:45, the annual Dads’ Day banquet will be held in the Union ballroom for students and their parents. Banquet Program A special program has been arranged for the banquet, but will close in time to allow time to get to the game which starts at 1:30 p. m. Tickets priced at 65 cents each will go on sale to the public from the main Union desk tomorrow morning. There will be a free tea dance in the ballroom of the Union Building immediately after the game tomorrow In the faculty lounge of the Union tomorrow evening, a dinner for -student’s mothers will be held at 6 o’fclock, giving the mothers a chance to meet and talk while the Dads are being entertained at the fraternity and sorority houses. After dinner at 7:30 the parents will meet in the Union ballroom for a smoker and social session, where prizes will be awarded to the tallest
dad, the heaviest dad, the one farthest from home, and the one with the most children in the University. At the mixer, starting at nine. Bud Bryant and Hal Lieber from the University of Indiana will wage a battle of swing, lasting until midnight. Sunday morning, at 10:30, in Eliza Fowler Hall, Dr. Robert Russell Wicks, dean of the University of Princeton chapel, will deliver the third religious convocation talk of the current year, speaking on “Homes That Transmit Our Heritage.”
... I. U.'s Bucket Bridage
Swede Clasen
Dejected lU Students Lay 'Jawn' Purdue To Rest As Victory Chimes Are Pilfered
BULLETIN ! At midnight last night, Purdue’s loyal Boilermakers had their eyes on the traditional Indiana chimes—chimes moimted on a twoWjheeled cart— which lay unguarded behind the Service and Stores Builmng at Bloomington. They could not bring back “Jawn Purdue,” as hopra, for the coffin that was laid to rest on the speedball courts east of the' neldhouse was entirely empty.
member of the varsity and freshman coaching staffs took his turn at tackling the dummy, cheered on by shouts of encouragement from the varsity players. The biggest cheers went up when Mai Elward led off, bringing down the dumhiy with a vicious tackle. Stop I. U.’s Passing Still convinced that the Boilermakers must stop the Indiana passing attack to win tomorow’s big
Fans are reminded that the kickoff for the Purdue-Indiana game will be at 1 ;30 instead of the usual 2 o’clock. Broadcasts will be carried by WBAA, Purdue; WFBM, Indianapolis; WOWO, Fort Wayne; WIRE, Indianapolis; WBOW, Terre Haute; WHAS, Louisville; and the station, WLBC, Muncie.
Widaman
game, Mai continued to drill the backfield men in this phase of the game. Taking no chances that watchful and interested eyes would seek out Purdue grid secrets, the entire squad was taken into the huge Fieldhouse to practice the tsrpes of defense that will be used in stop(Continued on page 3)
(By telephone to the Exponent) BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Nov. 18.—“Jawn” will be in Lafayette Saturday to see the Boilermakers trounce the Hoosiers. The Indiana Daily Student said in the pre-pep session story, “Jawn Purdue will be laid to rest tonight in the dirt, too clean for his corrupted anatomy, east of the Fieldhouse.” A few loyal Hoosiers stood last night in the rain to hear Coach Bo MeMillin give the main address at/the hoax burial.
Scribe Traces History Of Old Oaken Bucket From Its Beginning In 7925
By Jim McKee
Scout Honorary Elects Stradling To Presidency
Bernie Cummins...
Prank Drops Student From Third Floor Of Cary Hall
By the Roving Reporter
Bill Prescott, GE ’42, dropped Wednesday night from the third story window of Cary Hall North after hall brothers had locked him in the room between bells for din-
After playing pranks on his third floor roommates, they retaliated by locking him in his room just after the first bell rang for supper. Desperate for supper, Prescott took the only way out—^the window. To keep him in the room, "the key-hole had been stuffed with paper. Life (?) Rope Three military belts, two coat hangers and a bathrobe cord formed his life tope. But it would not quite
reach. Hearing cries for “Help,” Wells Martin, freshman forestry, rushed to the door to lend his aid. “What’s wrong?” he asked. “I’m hanging out the window,’” was the wavering reply . Helpfully Martin cried back, “Climb back in.”
Alpha Phi Omega, National Boy Scout honorary society, at a meeting held last Wednesday .night elected the following officers; Dick Stradling, president; Lewis McCammon, vice-president in charge of rush; Ralph Colby, vice-president in charge of program; Crowell Knight, treasurer and Bill McWorkman, secretary. >
. . . and his band will play at the pre-Indiana game Mixer tonight in the Union ballroom.. It will be the regular mixer planned as part of the Dad’s Day celebrations. The dance, lasting from 9 to 12 p. m. will be at the regular mixer price of one dollar per couple.
Senior Proofs
But before Martin could i-each the ground floor, Prescott had hit. He was taken to the "lounge and from there he was rushed to.the hospital. Yesterday afternoon Prescott was, released from the hospital. He had dinner with the f)oys at the hall. Prescott alone took the responsibility for the accident.
Union's Music Room To Feature Violinist
Miss^ Phyllis Baker will present a violin recital this Sunday at 4 p. tpin the Music Room of the Union Building. This program is one of many designed to entertain Dads. All students and guests are invited to the recital.
Seniors who have not selected proofs of their Debris pictures are requested to do so by tomorrow morning.. The office will be open from 8 a. m. to 9 p. m. today and until 11 a. m. tomorrow.
Seniors who wish to go to Indianapolis for a sitting can make appointments in room C of the Union or write directly to Dexheim^r-Car-lon Studios, 912 Odd Fellows Building, Indianapolis.
A symbol of rivalry between Purdue and Indiana Universities since ' its conception in 1925, the “Old Oaken Bucket” goes on the block again tomorrow, the trophy in a game in which records are cast aside. In the early fall of 1925, two men found the brass bound bucket in a V well in the hills of southern Indiana. Covered with moss and badly in need of staves, the bucket was reconditioned and taken to Bloomington, the scene of the 1926 ^me. Alumni Idea The idea of some sort of relic over which th^wo universities/might contest came out of a joint meeting of the alumni of the two schools in Chicago. President Bryan, of Indiana University, spoke on the “Lit-
tle Brown Jug” symbolic of the rivalry between Michigan and Minnesota. At the conclusion of his speech. Dr. C. K. Jones, a Chicago surgeon and a graduate of Indiana, suggested an “old oaken bucket.” And so the bucket started on its long trail. Back in 1930, Purdue lost its hold on the bucket when Indiana beat the Boilermakers for the fmst time since the bucket became tradition. Two groups of hilarious Hoosier students decided the Victory Bell, which did not ring that afternoon, would not ring ag»in. They proceeded to the bell house. 'The first group stole the clapper;' The second group could do nothing hut take the bell itself. Theft Discovered Monday, the theft was discovered. Classes were thrown into confusion. It was suggested that the student body go to Bloomington en masse to reti'ieve the stolen relic. Late that afternoon word eame from the town of Wingate, that the bell had been abandoned there. To even the count of the bell ab(Continued on page 3)
%
m■PViPPi^
II'
£diJtohjiai
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^suxiwuiA
Friday. Novembeir 18, 1938
Wild With Enthusiasm...
... might describe the several hundred Purdue students who set out last night to tear the to\^l<o of Bloomington apart. On the other han^a better description might be just plain wild...
At any rate nearly all available cars, buses and other forms of transportation were hurriedly pressed into servicie to carry the Boilermaker fans to the lU campus. Varied purposes were in the minds of these students. Some wanted to swipe “ole Jawn Purdue” out of the Indiana Union Building. Others were looking for Purdue’s victory bell, until they were told that the situation was well in hand. All were agreed, however, that the primary motive was to raise a little old-fashioned hell.
Though their actions might be criticised, their spirit is commendable. Spirit like that will make tonight’s pep session a howling success. We hope all those who left town last night will be back to attend the snake dance and rally, because Stubby Meier and his staff promise it will hit a new high for Purdue pep sessions.
Today noon a new pre-game feature will be introduced. WBAA will broadcast a radio %ally with coaches, football players, and cheer leaders as a cast. The program will be of a half hbur’s duration, beginning at 12:15 and ending at 12:45.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter mi the iKiat office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postaso provided fer in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, anthorised Jannary 20, 1922. Pnblished daily ez^t Monday dnrinE the reKular academic year and weekly during the Sommer Session. Delivered locally carrier for $8.00 per jtmx., mail subscription- $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager.....
.............H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
BUSINKSS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088
This ne-wspapcr is written, edited, and pnblished by underEraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewiraint.' All unsiKned editorials are written by the/editor-ln-ehirf.
RBPRBSENTeD FOB NATIONAU ADVERTISINO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
College Publishers Representatiiie
420 Maoison Ave. New York, N. Y.. Chicago ‘ boston ' Los Angelks • San Francisco
Night Editor—Woodson Issue Editor—Thompson Friday, November 18, 1938
The story leaked out last night that will explain the unprecedented high pitch of rivalry that has been built up between Purdue and lU this year. It also gives a good reason for the painting of the campus walks and the sabotage at Ross-Ade Stadium.
It seems that some public-spirited individual had^ the forethought to send the mem-
THE HONOR OF OLD PURDUE Then hail, all hail, to Old Purdue The pride of all the West We’ll sing oiit the story, and we’ll tell out the glory , Of the school we love the best. Then hail, all hail, to Old Purdue Our Alma Mater true For we’ll always stand, ev’ry heart and hand '^For the honor of Old Purdue.
^J4iin and Jde
er
By Georgaim Schilling
Furnas Speaks To Industrial Convo
WBAA Programs
The scene changes and we shift our attention from the celebrities attending the Culture Conference to the annual Oaken Bucket struggle. Only one more day until that battle occurs! —H-H—
Irvan Maury and his popular campus band are scheduled to play for the semi-formal dance at Allen’s ballroom Saturday night. Beta Sigma Psi and Alpha Kappa Lambda are collaborating to give this dance. ■—H-H—
Thanks to medical research, the death rate of citizens under 20 has been cut in two since 1900,” said Dr. C. C. Furnas, associate professor of Chemical Engineering at Yale University, in his talk on “Prospects and Perils of Research” before the Sixth Industrial Research Conferer^ce banquet last night in the Memorial Union.
Today
Satui-day afternoon marks the debut of our three girl cheer leaders. The girls will be dressed in appropriate costumes and, should add an interesting note to the colorful pageant known as Indiana game. Another event planned for Saturday is the WRH Dads’ Day Coffee Hour at 4:30 p. m. Freshmen residence hall girls will have an opportunity to play hostess to their visiting dads immediately following the game. —H-H—
Dr. Furnas, author of “The Next Hundred Years” and co-author of “Man, Bread and Destiny,” went on to show how research is gradually lengthening the average life of man.
11:00-—Prof. Robert Phillips—American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Agricultural Forum. 12 :15—Sports Review—Dick Shively. 12:30—Pep Sessionl. 12 :45-—Eugene Finegari—violinist. 1:00—You and Your Health—Dr. O. R. Wilson. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Famous Hornes of Famous Americans. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—Vocational Guidance. 2 :15—Edward Foley—pianist. 2:30—Afternoon Musicale. 3:00—West Lafayette High School. 3 :30^—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses. 3 :46—Hawaiian Troubadours. 4:00—Contract Bridge Chats—^Julius Born. 4 :16—Paul Mitchell—baritone. 4 :30—Purdue Scrapbook. 4 :45^—Story Book Hour.
Luttieran Club Will Discuss
Hal Leiber, who is to engage in a Swing Battle of Bands on Saturday night at the mixer, will be remembered by many University students as the young man with the golden voice who formerly sang with Jimmy Cathcart’s Kappa Sig band. Jimmy and his boys were popular entertainers around here laAt year, so Hal returns to a familiar audience.
The conference, which began yesterday afternoon at 4:30 with registration in the Union Building, will; close this afternoon. The main feature will be an assembly in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dean A. A. Potter will act as chairman of the program which begins at 9 a. m. Today’s speakers include Dr. M. H. Thornton, of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, who will speak on the “Industrial Uses of Soybeans” and Dr. H. B. Hass, of the University chemistry department.
War Attitude Sunday Night
“What Is the Christian Attitude Toward War?” will be the topic discussed by members of the Purdue Lutheran Students’ Club at their regular meeting next Sunday evening. The meeting will begin at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union.
All persons interested in this topic are invited to attend by the club.
Dr. C. W. Beese, head of the General Engineering Department, will act as chairman for this afternoon’s program which starts at 1:30 p. m.
Talks On Social...
... Hygiene” by Dr, Miller and Fred Willis, of the Health Department, featured the after-dinner gathering at the Delta Chi house following the Delta Chi’s trade dinner with Delta Upsilon Wednesday night.
ARC
TODAY-—SAT.
AND
RSiprSiSi MnuWnMNtE
UelBidqes, — ALSO — “ZORRO RIDES AGAIN”
Today - Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
• One lighting man against a city's hiciden crime/
mth
CHESTER MORRIS PRANCII MIRCIR . RITA JOHNSON • SRUCI CARO? A First Run Movie Quiz Picture — PLUS —
»ylth UATRfaH 11^. rpn iENKs
LUblA
TODAY—SATU RDAY
2 FIRST RUN HITS!
— PLUS — 3 MESQUITEERS
HEART OF THE ROCKIES'
Today - Saturday
MMViSnJ
Seven whole-days have passed and not one single calamity has occurred ! No one has threatened to have us thrown out of school, no doubting mamas have called us up, no one has tried to take us for a ride. Life is like that; so dull at times!
bers of Indiana’s football squad nice dainty powder puffs several days ago, complete with appropriate sentiments.
FOR YOU: Far through the night we hear the cry, < The song of hope that cannot die. The sonorous, scintillant lullaby; CROCK INDIANA . . . ! Gone are the bustles and hoop skirts too With the whiskered men of ’92. But never will die the hullabaloo; CROCK INDIANA . . . ! Boilermakers-riotous, insane, gay. Reverent with "faith as they kneel and pray. “Victory for this our Purdue way; CROCK INDIANA!”
It is the day before the Indiana game and spirits are running pretty high. But one lad on the team is unjustly bothered by untrue razzing from his chums. “Hard-driv-ing” end Gene Britt, really takes a beating because of the antics of a co-ed who has the same last name as his. Although the girl’s name is SUE BRITT, spelled the same way, she is NOT Gene’s sister—or any relation. i Let’s give Gene a little peace on this subject.
First Co-ed: “I don’t like him.” Second Co-ed: “Why not?” First Co-ed: “Because he’s got Latin hands.” , Second Co-ed: “Yeah, they’re always Roman!”
Among the Union notices turned in last night was this quite personal one which deserves boldface type. ATTENTION CO-EDS: Would like a date for the Union, formal, November 26. Signed “KANY.” (Please run ’til results are obtained)
FAMOUS LAST LINES: A Boilermaker is that guy who said “Move over” the other night.
LAST DAY^
HESEHSSnmY TOlUilfilS!
Sf
—5 DAYS— STARTING TOMORROW
Another Stage Hit Becomes Grander Screen Fun . ...
Joining “You Can’t Take It With You” as the season’s merriest entertainment!
— lun roryoaf PRISCILLA LANF
‘All my life I’ve dreamed about this moment—when my name changes from Schnitzenwurstlich to Smith !”
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
tlAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
It’s the Yardage
That Counts .. ♦
It will be your gain to shop at Penney’s. From clothing to yardgoods we have a complete stock. Come in today and take advantage of our fall bargains.
J. C. PENNEY & CO.
GO BY GREYHOUND
Sample Round-Trip Fares
When you start the annual pilgrimage home to get a good square meal (we presume you’re not immune to the charms of a home-cooked drumstick!) remember the sage advice of the Puritan Fathers ... “Always travel by Greyhound and save your money for a radny day or a really swell party!” You can manage the whole out-of-town week-end for a little more than you’d spend hanging around the college. The trip, at Greyhound’s low fares, cost less than half as much as driving a car . . . even
a pre-Mayflower model! UNION BUS DEPOT
GREYHOUND TERMINAL
CHICAGO, 3.90’!< COLUMBUS, O..... 9.55 DAYTON, O S.15 CINCINNATI, O. 6.25 HAMMOND, IND. 3.30’:' LOUISVILLi KY. 6.40 PITTSBURGH, PA. 14.95 INDIANAPOLIS .. 2.35 WASHINGTON .... 20.90 NEW YORK, N. Y. 25.20 PHILADELPHIA .. 22.95 ST. LOUIS, MO 10.75
«■ 12 Day Limit
Phone 2105
X' m
>' ii
8,3Friday, November 18, 1938
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
Boilermakers Play Host To Big Ten Runners In Meet Today
Trutt Favored To Lead Indiana To Victory In Renewal Of Cross Country Meet As Teams
Ten Seniors In Final Game Tomorrow
TOUCHBALL Today Field Official 10—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 9. Luce 12—Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Xi. Berry
Eight Linemen, Two Backs To Play Last Contest For Riveters As tomorrow’s final game of the season with Indiana approaches, 10 members of the Purdue varsity squad are looking toward their last contest as members of the Old Gold and Black Grid machine. Eight of these seniors are linemen who have helped open holes for Boilermaker backfield stars of the past three seasons, while only the two Tony’s, Ippolito and Juska, are lost in the backfield. Joe Mihal and Paul Humphrey, co-captains of this year’s team are among the graduating forward wall, along with John Dilts, George Spehn, Morris Aronson, Jim Maloney, Leonard Diehl, and Bill Vergane. As a tribute to the work of these meh, we have the record of this 1938 team, which has lost but one game, that to the ever-powerful Minnesota, while tying two opponents, and winning four games.
The team as a whole has shown fine offensive strength, piling up an average of almost 200 yards per game from scrimmage. The backfield has averaged nearly five yards per try in rolling up the Boilermaker yardage. Ippolito, at the regular fullback spot all year, while not possessing the impressive yardage that some have, has been a brilliant defensive player and could be relied upon for the yards when they were needed. Juska has not seen the activity he is used to, but has managed to do his part in putting Purdue where it is in the football standings this year. Diehl has been the surprise of the Purdue team at his tackle position. Rated as a substitute at the start of the season, he stepped into a regular spot after distinguishing himself in several early contests. Dilts and Vergane, both tackles, have not seen the activity of some but both have shown up well on crucial occasions. Vergane has not hit the high of his sophomore year, mainly because of a knee injury which has a habit of cropping up at the wrong time, Jim Maloney Little Jim Maloney has been another pleasant surprise at his guard position.
FUHNAS ICE CREAM Quart 25c — Pint 15c — Brick 29c DAD’S PLACE—SO HANDY
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Buy Your ARROW Collars at DEWENTER’S
The Swing Version of an Old Classic
If you’re in the groove and wear nothing but collarattached shirts, it’s plain to see that you’re out of touch with the latest and newest in university fashions . . . the detachable white laundered collar. Arrow provides a large variety of ultra smart and comfortable collar models, affording many collar style combinations for any one neckband shirt. You’ll like the appearance and economy of white starched collars. 2B^ each
ARROW COLLARS
Indiana Game Is Last For Co-Captains Prom Six Conference Sthools Compete
The keystone of the Purdue line and one of the finest supports that has come along in some time get their last chance at an Indiana team, or any Big Ten team, tomorrow. Paul Humphrey and Joe Mihal, co-captains of this year’s fine team will give their best for the last time as the two Hoosier rivals come together. Neither man has played on a losing Purdue team against Indiana and figure that now is no time to start.
CARDS Imponted
^^l/ourName
FOR ONLY
Mafr CMRisr/iAS
pt/lnAO M/is. j/iMfs or/s
Choke of Several Desiqns
MAIN FLOOR MINE company Notions Dept.
Long famed for their supremacy in distance events, Indiana’s team of fleet footed runners are favored to add another victory to their long list of triumphs by winning the Big Ten cross country meet which is to be run on the four mile Purdue course at 3:00 this afternoon. The Hoosiers will be defending the title, which they won five times straight before the event was discontinued in 1932, against squads representing Purdue, Wisconsin, Illinois, Minnesota, and Ohio State.
■ Featured in the meet, which is to start and finish in the Stadium, will be such stars as Trutt of Indiana, Bodeau, who has led the Boiler-^ maker forces all season, Mehl of Wisconsin, Whittaker of Ohio State, Rasmussen of Minnesota, and Yarcho of Illinois. Mel Tnitt, who won the Indiana championship at Butler last week-end, defeating Art Bodeau for the second time this season, is favored to take first place. Bodeau in turn has victories over Mehl and Yarcho to his credit and is given a good chance to finish
high among the leaders.
Airdue In Shape
The Boilermaker squad has been ;vvorking out every evening under the watchful eye of Coach Phillips, and is in very good physical condition for the meet. With a victory over Illinois and defeats at the hands of Wisconsin and Indiana, it seems that Purdue will be fighting it out with their old rival, Ohio State, who has also been beaten by the Wisconsin aggregation. Indiana, without a defeat in Big Ten circles this year is heavily favored to win. This marks the first time in recent years that a track event of importance has been held in Lafayette, and managers have been working feverishly to prepare the course in time for the meet, which was moved up a day in order to give the runners a chance to get a little rest for the National Intercollegiate meet which is to be run Monday at Michi-
gan State.
Purdue’s hopes will rest on the shoulders of Bodeau, Knapp, Marozick, Gaulke, Reeves, White and Fa-
tout.
Bell Disappears; Believed To Be In Hands Of lU'ers Where is Purdue’s victory bell? Late last night a group of five
men were seen carrying the bell from its usual resting place in the bell house ,near Stanley Coulter Hall. Before a general alarm could be sounded the quintet had disappeared—and the victory bell with
them.
Gimlet Club members when contacted late last night would only say, “the befl will be here Saturday afternoon! We will send a delegation down to Bloomington if necessary.” Gimlet President Carl Swan backed up the sentiments of the club, refusing to worry about the bell. “It’s been swiped before,” he claimed, “but we’ve always gotten it back in time!” Meanwhile signs of lU students’ activity may be seen all over the
campus.
Torchlight Pep —
(Continued from page 1)
ping the Hoosiers. Inside, the freshmen went through a number of plays from the different Indiana offensive formations and the varsity players were coached in the types of defense that Purdue will use tomorrow. Mai expects to start virtually the same combination that initiated the Ohio State game, with the exception of right guard, where either Jack Indiana chess players will give a preview performance tomorrow morning when they meet the University chess team over the board at 9 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Playing a five man team, Indiana has a slight edge as they have taken the last three encounters, but the decision will have to wait until the final king has been
mated.
Winchell or Carl Verplank will replace Jim Maloney, who broke his arm in the victory over the Buckeyes. Carl seems to have recovered from his injury and will probably see some action tomorrow. Winchell is expected to start the game. Early this afternoon, the Boilermaker gridders who will play in tomorrow’s Bucket scrap will retire td Mudlavia Springs Hotel where headquarters will be maintained until just before game time tomorrow.
Togs to Wear to the Game Altvays Be Correctly Attired Mackinaw Coats $5.98 Corduroy Coats $5.98 Corduroy Pants $2.98 ^ Ear Muffs...- 39c Plaid Hunting Caps 48c Wool Socks 25c and up / Reliable Clothing Co.
Scribe Traces
(Continued from page 1)
duction irate Purdue students went to Indianapolis, the scene of an lU alumni banquet, set on stealing the bucket. Plastered with lU stickers, the group of 15 Boilermakers asked for the bucket, saying that they , were a committee to take the bucket to Bloomington to be displayed at the victory dance that night. The bucket was handed over without a question. After 11 days it was left on the loading platform of the Lafayette Journal-Courier. Other Buckets Other buckets are in circulation, as replicas of the original. The Monon railroad has had, for years, a bucket that they send back and forth between the roundhouses in the two towns. Eight “P’s” three “I’s” and two “P-I’s” form the forged links of the victory chain. Tomorrow the 14th letter will be added. Will it be
a “P”?
Previous Game Scores 1925—Purdue 0; Indiana 0 (tie).
1926— Purdue 1927— Purdue 1928— Purdue 1929— Purdue 1930— Purdue 1931— Pui'due 1932— Purdue 1933— Purdue 1934— Purdue 1935— Pm-due 1936— Purdue 1937— Purdue
24; Indiana 14. 21; Indiana 6. 14; Indiana 0. 32; Indiana 0. 6; Indiana 7. 19; Indiana 0. 25; Indiana 7. 19; Indiana 3. 7; Indiana 17. 0; Indiana 7.
20; Indiana 20 (tie).
13; Indiana 6.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry Street Phone 7$28
11K
if-
3UxaL (Ml,
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
%atiaLL
Friday, November 18, 1938
Debate Team Loses
Before an audience of over 300 students, faculty members, and townpeople, the University of Michigan debate team was awarded the decision over the University’s varsity team in the first encounter of the year, held last night in the Methodist Episcopal Church. The subject under discussion was. Resolved: That the United States Should Establish An Allinace With Great Britain. The Purdue team composed of Joe Yamamota and Joe Rittenhouse, upheld the statement with the fundamental idea that Fascism in the world today is a threat which must be met by the great democi’acies. Robert Rosa and Jack Shuler of the University of Michigan team opposed the idea with three basic points: fii-st, that the Fascist aggressions have nothing to do with the United States; second, that neither Great Britain nor the United States would necessarily keep an alliance; and third, that the two counti'ies could oppose Fascism without an alliance. Dr. C. C. Cunningham of the speech department, Northwestei'n University, rendered the decision. Grads Will Travel From Coast To See lU Football Game Two alumni, will travel from the west coast to Lafayette this weekend to attend the Indiana football game, according to letters to E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary. H. H. Swisher, district manager of Stromber Electric company, and D. S. Faulkner, vice-president of
the National Supply Company, will arrive from Los Angeles and Torrance in California. Swisher is a graduate of the CE school, and Faulkner graduated from the ME school.
Ciassified Ads
FOR siLE
TAH^ OR TUXEDO for sale. Cheap. Phone -65634.
1934 FORD Convertible Coupe; new tires ; absolutely O. K. mechanically; Hoosier Auto Sales, 5 S. 4th St. Phone 8015.
FOR SALE—New formal, size 33 hip. $5.00. Call Vivian Dickerson at 45961.
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS—All makea, atandurd and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as, low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Eberahoff, 605 Main street.
WATCH CLEANING .$1.00; main spring.s $1.00; crystals 26c and 35c. Work guaranteed. Kellar’s Watch Shop. 223 Main.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Brown topcoat tailored by A. Nash Co. Finder please Call Kleinhnecht 2424. Reward.
ROOMS FOR RENT
ROOM AND BOARD—One single room. 115 University. Call 66781.
ROOM AND BOARD for students. 108 Waldron St. Call 41862.
ROOM AND BOARD—For students: 123 Sylvia St.
Ushers and'Police: All Ushers and Police who worked at the Wisconsin game and the following report at Gate 2 at the south end of Stadium, Saturday, November 19, at 12 :00 nopn for the Indiana game: H. W. Anderson, W. B. Billings, J. W. Clark, R. L. Doran, H. O. Drabehstott, R. L. Elton, C. F. Feasley, E. A, Gratunick, E. W. Hackney, J, F. Harper, K. Harrel, J. T. Hepburn, J. H.
CORDUROY COATS Button Style or Zipper $6*^° and $7-50 See the New Cord Hats Brown or Green $1.95 DEWENTER'S 416 Main Street
Jacobi, P. R. Jordan, R. H. Kellog, R. Lane, M. O. L’Heureux, A. S, Linder, W. E. Luthardt, J. D. Lynch, C. C. McDonald, J. P. McGrath, J. R. McGuire, R, P. Manion, C. K. Milner, T. Moran, W. R. Nielson, J. M. Patterson, K. E. Patterson, 6. Porter, J. A. Powell, J. Price, J. B. Pyle, G. W. Reeder, F. A. Robbins, J. R. Scribbins, F. N. Secord, D, R. Shoemaker, R. A. Sochar, A. Stanley, A. C. Stone, I. W. Strong, A. Suzzatto, T. C. Swanze, J. M. Walters, W, Weijola, B. N. Werner, P. W. Wolverton, W. H. Woodling, R. H. WyCzowski. —SANDERS,
A.I.Ch.E.: C. C. Furnas will lecture at 10 a. m., Friday, November 18, in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. —JACOBI.
Seniors: All seniors who expect to have their Debris pictures taken in Indianapolis before November 26 must corne to the Debrisoffice between 4:00-6:00 p. ni. Friday, November 18. ■ . —WINTER. PEW: Knowledge test for all freshman and sophomore physical education classes will be at 4 p. m. Friday, November 18. Speedball and Field Hockey, Ed. 201; Bowling, Dance, and Horseback Riding, Ed. 101; Swimming, Memorial Gym, Hygiene Room; Archery and Tennis, Main Gym. All students required to make an appointment for posture picture and posture conference. —HAZLETON.
Independent Houses: Any independent houses, other than, those in already organized wards, who wish to participate in “Class A” basketball, get entry blanks from Intramural Office. —MIDDLETON.
Cosmopolitan Club: Meeting Sunday, November 20, in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 4:30 p. m. —AYASUN. Agronomy Students: Meeting Tuesday, November 22, iii room A, Union building. Interested students and faculty invited. -FLANAGAN.
Union Sophomores: All available sophomores report to work shop at 4 p. m. Friday, November 18. —HRUBY, DeMARS. Purdue Sportswomen: Breakfast Sunday morning, November 20, at 7 :30 at the WAA cabin. All alumni are invited. —SHAFFER.
Scrivener: Meeting Sunday, November 20, at 7 :30 p. m. at 202 Waldron street. Bring manuscripts, guests coming. —JUSTIN.
gineering lectures will meet on Saturday, November 19, at 8 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Dr. C. C. Furnas of Yale University will be the speaker. Fathers of freshmen engineers are invited to attend this lecture. ■ • —KNAPP. Gold Peppers: You can get your tickets for the game Saturday morning, November . 19, in the WSGA office when you get your chrysanthemums to sell. The following are the committees for Saturday : Union—^Wien, Elstun, Huber, McKee. WRH—Learning, Cooley, Huber, Hamilton. At the game— Justin, Sexton, Wood, Cooley. Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta—Jones. Fraternities—Turner, Townsend, George, .Kttman, Conver. Kappa Alpha Theta—Hiner. Pi Beta Phi-Klein. Chi Omega and Kaj;>j>a Kappa Gamma—Laramore. Phi Mu and Vil-lage-Learning, Klein. PedalionWhitehead. —COOLEY. Activities Bureau: All those who received letters from the.Activity Bureau concerning the moving picture that is being produced, please send me, at the activities bureau, a dated list of your group or special functions, including the date, time of day, and the place in which it is to be filmed. —BAKER.
moved from the Armory Friday afternoon', November 11. Request that each_ member of this group check for this magazine and^ refurn immediately to Captain Beckley in Armory,. —BECKLEY.
Debris PhotographersImportant meeting in tower room Tuesday, November, 22, at 7 p. m. —EMSLIE.
Co-ed Bowling Classes: Tuesday and Thursday 10 o’clock classes and Tuesday and Thursday 11 o’clock classes sign up for posture picture by Friday, November 18, at lower floor of Women’s gym. —KNIGHT.
Wesley Foundation: Thanksgiving party, Friday, November 18, 7:80 p. m. at Foundation. —MoFADDEN.
WSGA Sophomores: There will be no sophomore training school this week because of the Culture Conference. (11-19) —LEAMING.
Freshmen Engineers: All divisions of en-
4th Novice Pistol Group: One magazine, 22 automatic pistol, was accidentally re-
Library Locker Holders; Report to Librarian’s office, using card wired to your looker. Lockers_ not reported by December 1 vml be considered as not in use, and the lock will be cut off. (11-19) —HEPBURN.
All Star Hockey Teams: The following girls have been chosen as members of the all star teams: Gold team—Jeanette Morris, . Captain, Cook, Major, Merritt, ard, Blagrave, 'Vandiver, Fitch, Weizhorr, Maier, Hoover, Roderick,. Campbell; Black (team— Shaffer, Captain, McFarland, Schroder, Metzger, Walker, Swift, Rieman, Rubright, Harrison, Smith, Thomas, Fishleigh, Stickler. —SHAFFER.
Reamers: Turn in names from student directory to Jacks Friday., November 18. Meet in village before 7 p. m. for pep session. —LIDGARD.
PIA Office Workers: Important meeting of all office workers on Friday, November 18, at 4 p. m. in PIA Union office. All new workers are invited. —YEAGER.
Union Sophomores: Will the members of my committee please report to the Union office Friday, November 18, at 4 p. m. It is very important that everyone be there. —CREPPS.
PIA Orchestra: Practice Friday evening, November 18, in the tower room of the Union. All members are urged to attend and have music on hand, j —SHINN.
Purdue Engineer: The following men report to Felix and Harris at the Engineer office at 4:00 Friday afternoon, November 18: Packman, Ruth, Stephens, Stevenson, Winslow, Day, Fisher, Horth, Denlinger, and McEIroy. —SQUIRES.
Delta Rho Kappa: Informal initiation Tuesday, November 22, at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union building. Brjng fees and signatures. —HANNAS.
Tailor Made is Best Made sparrendahl
Lafayette
Fowler Hotel
TRAPPERS AND HUNTERS Complete slock of guns and shells. Also trapping equipment.
SPERB HARDWARE 822-24 Main Street
THIEME & WANGERIN COMPANY 622-626 Main Street Your Favorite - "NEMO" WONDERLIFT The foundation of a fashionable silhouette is your foundation garment. The Nemo Wonderlift' is a best seller, because the patented front-closing innerbelt incomparably strengthens and supports abdominal muscles’.' It improves ybur poise, your gp'pegrance. Fine fabric, smart lines, long wear.
^Le pic
ace
C A L L
' . . . to have your hair (dressed in the latest fashion. There are ten skilled beauticians to serve you. The latest, modern equipment assures you of that "just right" feeling at Loeb's Beauty Salon. Moderate prices always prevail at
SeJon,
Phone 7901
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" “ Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER ■’ - This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD ). RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4th and Main Phone 5701
• Florists
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
• Shoe Repair
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP 1
• Tailor
sparrendahl tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
4" ilSi