Volume 53, No: 5
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, September 12, 1941
^*'^*** Enrollmcnf Drop
Del Courtney To Play In Both Ballrooms At 9;_ Bobby Byrne, Here Next Week <
Del Courtney
Del Courtney, celebrated Candid Camera Music maestro, will play his initial engagement on the campus tonight at the regular Union mixer from 9 to 12 o’clock. This appearance will inaugurate the new policy of the Union staff in booking outstanding bands for the weekly mixers. The motif of the backdrop for the dance will be “Back to Old Purdue.” Heavilon Hall will be silouetted against a moon-
lit sky.
“Young Man Of'Music” Bobby Byrne, “this year’s young man of music,” and his orchestra will play for student dancers at the regular mixer next Friday night. Byrne gained his popularity in the East and on the West coast playing engagements at the Cafe Rouge in New York’s Hotel Pennsylvania and at Frank Dailey’s Meadow-
brook in New Jersey.
Del Courtney hails from California, where his band was heralded as one of the outstanding young bands of the present day. He and his band of collegians from the University of California quickly rose to fame in the West and then took
the East by storm. Romantic Melodies
The Californian’s unique style was inspired by that of the late Orville Knapp, who used similar instrumentation and figuration. Del favors the romantic melodies, but on occasion, will glide into an easy swing which meets with the approval of all. In addition to the trumpet, Coiutney plays piano, sings, and impersonates. He writes his arrangements and all his own continuity for his bioadcasts. Del Courtney goes on the supposition that the American public still want to hear the melody of a song. Even his swing can be danced to effortlessly and is not the kind that makes the dancers feel as though they had just finished marathon race. He uses an amazing variety of musical effects, including the combination of a piano and an organ to attain the same effect
as that of a harp.
Featured as vocalists with the Courtney band are Sherman Hayes, Joe Martin, Dick Dildine, and Bob Moonan at the organ, m.a.f.
President Challenges Nazis
Better Than Expected
Radio Soeech States
Dr. Elliott Entertains y j cites Musiral Organizations In Union At Luncheon German Hostile Acts^iiokl Annual Call Outs Honoring T. J. Watson „ “L’tlLlEZ" For Fall Membership
Thomas J. Watson, president of International Business Machines Corp., who was principal speaker
By John L. Traugott Exponent News Editor
The vindicative charges of isolationists that the United
States Navy was
University Musical Organizations held their fall call-out last night in
convoying general
Fears of a serious drop in enrollment were allayed last night through an announcement by President E. C. Elliott, which indicated an anticipated decrease of not over 400 as compared with last year. Up until Wednesday evening a tentative tally showed a registration total of 6,089, approximately 466 less than last year at the same time. The final count is expected to show a decrease of 7% only. - : An estimated four to five hun-
at the conva Wednesday night, was BJSrchant shipping became gathering was arranged for the
guest of honor at a luncheon yes- meaningless last night as terday noon in the faculty lounge President Roosevelt told the of the Union. world that “Americ^an vessels The luncheon was given by Pres- and airplanes . . . Will no long-
included , gj, Nazis to strike
Exchange To Move Today; Book Sales Will Cease Sept. 20 1500 Used Books Sold Since Wednesday At 10 student book exchange will move today to new quarters in the reception room on the main floor of the Union. According to Bill Hepburn, manager, the book exchange has been doing a land office business, but is now in desperate need of all kinds of books, especially those used in ME, EE, CE, chemistry, mathematics, speech and physics
courses.
Bring ’Em In
L" I 1 ordered the Navy tion of Albert P. Stewart and Jo- Anvnnp TiPvino. o^roiiaUip M[ClSnipT!16ElC01lipl6t6 to protect aU merchant Wpping, seph Ragains, who were assisted in of f^ese books fs urged to bring
neutral or belligerent. explaining the various functions of
ident E. C. Elliott and
deans, principal administrative officers of the University, and Henry W. Marshall, local publisher, who was formerly' president of the Board of Trustees and served for one year as acting president of the University. Other guests included friends of the speaker and visiting
officials.
In opening the program, Dr. Elliott paid tribute to Watson and his work. Watson responded in a short speech, praising leadership of the University and the advances piade by the instifryition in the last eighteen years, w.g.h.
purpose of assembling those students who are interested in becoming affiliated with these groups. The musical organizations consist of four distinct sections which have earned for themselves a repre-
and stated unecjfuivocab- sentative place on the University
campus and in surrounding districts. The University Choir presents music for all religious occasions during the school year; the orchestra accompanies tile Choir’s festival programs and offers instrumental music for most of the outstanding school presentations; the Glee Club of 45 male voices offers
first'
ly that if German or Italian ships enter the “defensive” 'Waters of the United States they “do so at their own per-
il.”
What defensive waters are, Mr. Roosevelt did not define, but previous commitments of the United
States in Iceland, the Far East, the recitals throughout Indiana; and South Atlantic^ and the Red Sea the Concert Choir is the honorary would seem to indicate that the gioup of the musical organizations, term is certainly general and may presenting programs much in the include any place where American same manner as the Glee Club, ships happen to he. The President The meeting was under the diiecsaid that he had ordered the Navy tion of Albert P. Stewart and Jo-
Take A Chance Naval Training Course
WithAWSDate
Let’s date tonight. The AWS date
bureau is giving us one more Weekend to meet new people, by arranging our Friday and Saturday night ^ blind dates . . . gratis. Smooth men and jewels in the rough, seniors and freshmen, even Prexy’s prodigies who make distinguished and of course professors pet peeves who never get to an eight o’clock. All will meet vivacious brunettes and
dimpled blondes. We hope. Have you ever hit the jackpot
After three months of intensive training in the Naval Reserve Midshipmen’s school at Abbott Hall, Northwestern university, Robert C. Kramer, Chrisney; Forrest L. Townsley, Lafayette, and Ralph S. Scudder, Edwardsport, all former University students, were commissioned Ensigns in the U. S. Naval
on a slot machine? Remember how schools in the country.
The three men were members of a class of 680 who received .their
commissions under the tutelage of fued first.” experienced naval officers stationed Deluded’
at Abbott Hall which is one of the two Naval Reserve Midshipmen’s
YWCA Serves Cokes To Freshmen Coeds At Saddle Shoe Tea Yesterday the i YWCA entertained over two hundred freshmen girls and theii counselors at a '^saddle shoe” tea in the Faculty Lounge in the Union. The tea was given to acquaint the new freshmen to the YWCA and its activities. The saddle shoe motif was carried out in the decorations which consisted of a large paper saddle shoe, which also served as a container for cokes. The aides for the tea wore name cards in the shape of a saddle shoe. Each gill was given the YWCA pamphlet, “A Word From the Y’s,” a helpful bit of advice to all the new freshmen, m.a.f. Christian Conclave To Honor Freshmen tk Purdue Christian Foundation will hold its annual Freshman banquet this evening at 6:15 o’clock. All Freshmen aie invited to attend the conclave at the church, comer Sixth and North streets in Lafayette. Helen Carey is the general chairman for this affair. Jim Good will serve as toastmaster, and Mrs. Anna Clarke will be main speaker for the evening, w.g.h.
smug and smart you felt then, all because you dropped a nickle in the slot at the proper moment ? Calling the date bureau a gambling machine, and we find that the jackpot could be a date to Prom! But be it dr earn or nightmare, it will make amusing or very interesting conversation for your roommate the
next day.
Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of' unacquainted freshmen gills. Now is the time for having a good time. Now is the time to sign up for the AWS date bureau from 4 to 6 o’clock in the Great Hall of the Union this afternoon or from 1 to 4:30 o’clock at i^lre same place on Saturday aft-
ernoon. l.s.
Registration Begins For Defense Courses Registration in the special engineering courses being conducted this fall till oughout the state as part of the Defense Training Program began yesterday in the Indianapolis and Lafayette districts. Piol. C. W. Bceso, head of the geneial engineering-department at the University, who is in charge of the program, announced that enrollments would continue during the rest of the week and would begin in other parts of the state the fiist
of next week.
The classes will meet two nights
After being commissioned, the midshipmen expect to be called to active duty aboard one of Uncle
Sam’s men-o’-war. d.b.
Union Issues Callout For Soph Workers The first Union call for sopho-
the organizations to the audience by Marvin Smith, manager of the Glee .Club; Ray Friend, manager of the Choir; Gene Kinelski, manager of the orchestra; and Jim Chase, manager of the Concert Choir. Tryouts for membership will be held' today and /tomorrow rn the Hall of Music and all students whose talents run to this field are urged to be present and contribute
their skills, l.m.s.
Debris Photo Staff T0 Hold First Callout At Meeting Monday Heinran Giaebiier, photo editor of the 1942 Debris, issued a general callout yesterday to all pros-
incidents but must be considered pe^tive freshmen and sophomores
Acts of Agression
President Roosevelt cited five definite acts of German aggression against American naval and merchant ships, terming them acts of piracy. They indicate, the President said, an indiscriminate ^ violence against belligerent and neutral. Mr. Roosevelt quashed another point of controversy, this in the case of the Nazi submarine clash with the U. S. Destroyer Greer, when he stated, “In spite of Hitler propaganda ... I tell you the blunt fact that the German submarine
them in as soon as possible. Since the selling started last Wednesday, approximately 1,500 books amountihg to about |2,000 have been sold. This total is expected to reach even greater
heights before the selling stops Sat- noticeable
dred students is expected to register yet,_^ judging froim the fact that 412 people registere^last year after the first day joI school. Graduate students ^firo are doing part time teaching work are not able to register until their teaching schedules are completed. Also there are a few students who have come back to school late or are having diffrculties getting schedules and credits straightened out. The Ratio Always of interest to students is the ever-fluctuating ratio between men and women. The difference has been slightly narrowed this year according to the early count \yhich shows a drop of approximately 360 men and 44 wo-
men.
The most substantial decrease in registration of women is to be seen in the freshman class where there are 39 fewer registered than last year at this time. The total nunfber of women, so far, is 1,279, as
against 1,323 in 1940. More Frosh Engineers
Distribution of the loss of students has been found to be proportional in almost aU the schools. There has, however, been quite a
incr ease in Freshman
Speaking in quiet, modulated tones, the President repeatedly stated that the five German attacks on American vessels in recent weeks constituted not isolated
as a part of a general plan de signed to abolish the historic'American policy of freedom of the seas and to establish Nazi control shipping lanes. He called on Americans to “stop being deluded by romantic notions that we can go on
mores will be held this afternoon living happily in a Nazi dominated at 4:15 o’clock in the west Faculty world.” Lounge of the Union. The work will The time has come, the Piesiconsist of painting backdrops for dent said, to say (to the axis states) mixers and dances, making signs, “you shall go no farther.” Extendworking with the Gymkhana, Cam- ing this statement, he gave dearera Club, Glider Club, Art Guild, warning that the U. S. Navy will Puttering Shops, working at teas maintain lines of supply and freeand receptions, tea dances, and dom of seas, no matter what the swing sessions. cost. Sophomores coming out for this No Attaclrby U. S.
work need not have done any Union woik as ficshmen, as no previous expel lence is necessary, h.g.d.
wishing to tryout for the Debris photo staff. A meeting will be held Mqnday at 4 o’clock in the Debris workshop on the second floor of the Union in order to acquaint the new
members with their duties.
A special appeal is made to those who have had darkroom experience, as a shortage in darkroom assistants prevails. Portrait, campus, and sport photos along with the darkroom work are typical assignments that might be expected by appli-
cants to Graebner’s call.
Seven men, two seniors and five juniors, -vvill head this group and direct the picture taking for the 1942 Debris. This staff of upper
uiday, September 30. The exchange Will take in books until Saturday, September 13, and students will start receiving payment the last of
next week.
WBAA Interview
The ordinary buying and selling first of October, w.g.h.
program of the book exchange was highlighted yesterday afternoon by a fifteen minute broadcast over WBAA at 2:15 o’clock., Capacity crowds jammed into the south ballroom as students and workers in the exchange were interviewed over
a traveling microphone.
The book exchange will be open every day from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.,
and it is hoped that students will irv Given and his band will play hurry to turn in available copies of for the annual freshman mixer to-
Engineering, with 1,113 enrolled already, as compared with last year’^s
1,022.
Announcement by the President indicated that the final, official count would be released around the
Given Will Play For Freshman Annual Mixer
States constitutes no attack on the
(Continued on page 2)
J. Clyde Marquis, '04, Tells Of Privations Suffered By Italians In Unwanted Conflict While by far the greater part of the Italian people never wanted war and do not now want it, they are powerless to resist the domination of the political machine of the military faction, according to J. Clyde Marquis, ’04, of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, recently returned from a five-year stay in Rome as American representative at the International
Institute for Agriculture. Piior to his return to this coun-
Chi Omega
This new attitude of the United classmen will be at the meeting to
explain the details of the woik to be done. Those who find they cannot attend this meetipg, can still arrange for a tryout by calling Herman Graebner at 2712. w.a.c. Playshop Continues Tryouts Tomorrow Tryouts to fill the positions still left vacant in Playshop will be held tomorrow. Those interested should make appointments with the secietary at Fowler Hall not later than
4 o’clock today.
Aspiiing actors will be tiled out by Bill Deam on the first Playshop production of the season, “Three Men on a Horse.” At the same time, Sam Maiks will be explaining ciew
the used books listed in order that the exchange will be able to supply the demand of the students for used
books. *d.b.
Foundation Will Hold Its Annual Reception For Students Tonight Annual Reception of the Wesley Foundation which is given each year for new students will be held this evening at 8 p. m. in the parlois of the Fust Methodist Church at the coinei of Chauncey and South streets. ^ Those in the receiving line will be Dean and Mrs. M. L. Fisher, Dr. and Mrs. H. L. Cieek, Professor and Mis. G. C. Blalock, Dr. and Mis. Steele, Mr. and Mrs. Balsley, Mr. and Mr^. Andeison, Miss Mable Dm yea, Mr. Bill Peterson, president of the Wesley Foundation, and Miss Anna Katheime, Williams,, piesident of the Coed Club. The gioup will be enteitained by Professor and Mrs. D. H. Patteison w-ho will pi esent a puppet show entitled “The Thiee Wishes,” an old Flench tale. The committee in chaige of serving lefreshments is headed by Miss Doris RockwelL
social soioiity, announces the initiation of June Branner, West Lafayette; Lucille Chaminade, Birmingham, Mich.; Kay Heitmann, Foiest Paik, 111.; Virginia Rapp, Frankfort; Hariiette Simons, Kentland; and Betsy Stevens, Libeity. Exponent Staff staff to work Friday, Sept. 12: Brophy, Night Editor; Armstrong, Junior-in-Charge; J. D. Smith, Issue Editor; ' Bul'khardt, Fischer, Hunter, Klosson, McDouall, Swarts, Ral'ert, Eberts, Greenstein. —RUFFNEB
a week and the courses offered will tiy a few iveeks ago, Maiquis held realize that if Germany include production engineering and the position of president of the In- win they will be a province
supervision, time and motion stud- stitute, following the calling of the ° c empiic, aiqiiis ^i . le wm uc c.'viJiaiiiiiig view AIM •! iefe, cost control, machine design, former head to active duty on the ^ ‘^PS^S'tions and the technical end of jlOma AlOha EDSlIOn engineering drafting, metallurgy, Italian general staff. States swinging the balance of the theatre business in the Green- ^ I' ^
aeronautical engineeiing, tool and die design, jig and fixture design, electronics, mechanics, mathematic4, electrical design and safety engineering. The courses will be of 12 weeks’ duiation. w.g.h. All Freshmen All Ireshmen who have not had their tuberculin test read should report to the ground floor lobby of the Executive building without fail ’ either Friday, September 12, or Saturday morning, September 13. —WILLIS
States swinging the
power.” Marquis emphasized the
Italians Suffer gconomic warfare was as Marquis, during a brief stay on important as military warfare und-
the campus while cnioute to Wash- gr present conditions, ington, described the privations Editor, Economist
suifered by the Italian people. In May the average citizen of Rome
IVlarquis was for some years editor of the Country Gentleman and
received two ounces of butter and ^as ^nnected with the Bureau of
three ounces of olive oil per month, and meat only one day a week-
only then if the buyers were early resentative to the Institute. Accord-
line as supplies were soon ex-
hausted.
“Today, as a result of the domination of Germany, there is utter liopelessness because the Italian
room. After this, there will be a shoit open forum. All newcomers will be expected to begin work Mon-
day afternoon, k.r.
Campus Co-Op Sfudents Hold Picnic At Kneale An all-campus student co-opeia-tive association picnic was held last night at the Kneale co-op house. Each house presented a five minute stunt as part of the entertainment,
ceased for the present, its woik All of the eleven men’s houses and is still beml' continued by other na- the five girls’ houses were repretions. r.l.h. sented. r.w.b.
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Fred H. Sherrif, Sharon, Pa.; Bill B. Hile, Elkhart; James B. Miller, Indianapolis; James M. Black, Hammond; Wayne Bf. Biqwnlee, Indianapolis; Robert A. Stackhouse, In-
morrow. This year the mixer will be a tea dance from 3 to 5 o’clock in both Union ballrooms. The mixer will afford freshmen a better opportunity to become acquainted with their classmates for the next
four years.
PIA is sponsoring the tea dance to create a greater interest in the Purdue Independent Association and its activities. PIA memberships will be on sale at the dance. As in previous years, there wiU. be
no admission charge, k.r.
Go// Holds Meeting
For Cheerleaders
Johnnie Goll, senior cheer manager, announced last night that tryouts for cheerleadeis will be held Monday, September 15, at 4 p. m. in room 105 of the Fieldhouse. AH students tjiat are interested are invited to come out. If you have any acrobatic ability and are not in any sport, come around to the meetingi
Goll urged.
Dick DeGarmo, head cheer leader, and Goll will be in charge of the meeting. Coeds are more than welcome, especially those that have done woik of this sort before. The only requiienients ai-e pep, vitality, and an index of 3.5 or better. Those who stick with the job wiH be leading cheeis at all Boilermaker football and basketball games. h.g.d. CAA Awards Licenses To Seventeen Students' CAA recently, announced the names of the students who were awaided their private pilots licenses during the summer coui'se. Those
Agricultural Economics befoie being sent abioad as Ameiican rep-
ing to Marquis, although American participation in the Institute has
dianapolis; Richaid D. Clearwater, listed in the primary course includIndianapolis; Robert P. Hams, ed H. Taylor, A. Johnson, B. W. Bloomington; James W. Metzger, Johnson, H. V. Koch, P. J^ohnson, Lafayette; Geiald M. Wadleigh, In- E. 0. Ponder, d. W. ISHunk, M, dianapolis; Janies T. Watson, Mt. l^iers, G. B. Wood, J. Tarko and Caimel, 111.; Safford W. McMyler, F. R. Fisher. C. Manlove, S. W. Fort Wayne; Hariy L. Darling, Shioger, R. M. Hutchins, R. J. West Lafayette; and John T. Simp- Kohr, J. M. Freeman and B. Earl son, Washington, completed the secondaryif"
: A Tl-j;-' ^
1
^PURDUE EXPOJJ.E’NT
wnvp|^pj||sri^ '
V**f» l ■ ^ pv
4v
V
<‘i i-
".rt ^Yii
Ffiday, Ee|it^mBeiffl2/1941
fijuJulus £xpomni
PiresideJit Roo'^evelt last night in his adi^dtess to the people locked both the Nazi government in Euiope and ihc non-inteivention-■fets in this coiintiy back on Iheir heels with St blow that shatteied all then hopes that the United States might eithei foigive oi meiely demand an apology loi the attack on the
Destjoyei Gieei
Ml. Roo'^e\elt in his statement that “if Geiman oi Italian ships entei the detensne wateis of the Uniied States the-y do so at then onn peiil has looked the Na/i menace in the e\ e and lot Hitki know lhat the United States 1^ fully an lu of the dangei that thieateiis Ibis (ounlix is i ot going to hide its head ostiich tishion ind bclic\c that the attack vas eitnei an ’ccident oi a plot by the Biitish goieinmeid to diaw ns into the conflict, as some aie roohsh]\ aigiung This mistake has been made b\ too many Euiopean countiies, vho non lind themsehes helpless undei the oomination oL the Nazi paity The isolationists imdei Senatoi Wheeler ha\e aigued tint wc ba\e notning to feai -4i.iom Hitlei ana that the suiiounding oceans will be a baiiici lo the foices ot the New Oidei m Eiuope Now it is upon these veiy oceans ibat veiv, sapposed to have been oui piowction thet iins couniiy has leceived the fust hky fiom the Nazis If we should accept this attack with little moie than an exchciige of notL. demanding apologies oi lepiisals oui shipping and flow of supplies to Eiitain would be m seiious ciangei of further “mistakes oi accidents bv the Geiraalis
1 nttrel ns sccon 1 class at the p )st oltico in I afayetto InOmna iinloi the act of ConRie'^s of IVJ^iich 3 18 9 and at tlf p cial lalo of I ostatte provuUd foi m section 1101, act I Oct lor 3 101'’ a ith itzod Tahuary 20 1922 Published dally except M n H\ lun ip the roRUlai acadtinic year and weekly dur 31 R the S1 nmer S asion D livticl locally by carrier for $150
per \enr mail sul sem tions $4 00
rditor in Chief
Edjttof
Busihess Manager
ManaRiiiff Fditor V^tsocinte Flit rs R I Hallty F
Ned A Ochiltree Jojbn h Trawg^ott Don S Powers
ftttle li?ck
? ^ r ^ * (4\ i*.
The lyoie we see of this fiesh
PubJkc9twi:i Staff
Lcland W Ruffner
1 r Amos J H Aimstronp: D T Buoiihy
1 Jones E G Kiepcr
local Advert
c Ini on Manager
A llai 1
Business Staff
IK ManaKcrs K K Gjemre R E Saxt
W T Bell Accom ts Mai as, r
r C r W D
It ^
PROSPECTUS
All who got roped into taking English 10, or otheiwise made a study of those eighteenth centra y Winchells, Addison and Steele, recognize the title of this aiticle as being the same as the first aiticle
man class, the moie we’ie amazed run in the Tatler We have no desiie to commit at their bulliancy Coming out of but we would like to announce what this , , , , column IS going to be appyt so that you can turn convb last night, we overhead one j^^nson’s Gestapo without both-
sagacraus young greeny lemaik eiing to read ora stuff
“You know, that Dr Elliott is place, no ladies (this includes you, copietty cleyei ” eds) need be offended by anything in our copy That Well, young fellow, you ceitainly is to say thatwve won’t use much profane language have made a wonderful discovery We just learned to cuss last year, and we still do it
m, , i. i.r. TT very awkwaidly
The longei you stay m this Uni i. i 4, u r, 4 4 , , , , We would like each aiticle to be a shoit essay type
veisity, the more you 11 realize what
a gjoss undeistateipent that le essay, yog know, is the egotistical lesult of a mark was man’s wandeiing in the foiest But we’ll tiy to keep The Cole sisters always seem to the ego out of the column, And we 11 walk over to come to our attention some how or the Sweet Shop instead of going to a foiest Peihaps
4, A 1 Aj I 44 4 , 4 well get an ess^y anyway
othei Anyhow, Ad.ele attracted at , , „ j. ,4,
Having been a lather shy lad all of oui life, we ve
s. „ For Thi. hsue ° ^ flagging oppoitupity to cxpiess oui Night Editor Jones Day Editor ChatBcid SWisher aiound legistiation ggjf Eveiyoue takes advantage of our timidity Issue Editor Hoskins ] Sports Editor Clark by his nose Litle cliildieu woii’t give US their Candy Giils tease
To take caie ol the othei side of
Co-ed Staff
Ruth Rose
Associate E hto^s AJary K Boynton Alice Cl atfiel 1
Editor
Associate Editors
Sports Staff Phil C Johnson
O T Clark J D Erasei J S Keeler
Phones Editorial and Business, 4005, Sports 2792, Editorial After 10 P M , 5377 Repiesonted foi national adveiti mg by National Adveitising S rvice Ine College P ibl Shors I epresti tatives 420 Ma 1 On
Ave New York N Y
' US vtnth turtles At honde^ a four-year old ^istei has bullied US fur the last four years On if^llowe’en, old ladies tiP WS ovci^’ The wliple up to a jbbmax We aie going to strike b^ck Our ^ medium will be this columw Maybe we’ll gef; so th^t we can use the poets’ weapon—satiie We’ll try anyhow W-hen one yiderstands some of ora' very peculiar tiaits, it will become cleai at once why we’ve chosen “The Bottle ISfeek” as the name of oui column One trait eonsists of our enjoying to fight a losing battle. With Mr Knudsen and his OPM boys smashing boG tie necks evexywh.ere, lye tkovight it woujd be very delightful to make another bottle neck and just dare anyone to break it We hk^ also tp displease our superiors We remenrber Pxexy saying last year that the campus should be free from broken bottles Students obliged by throwing tlreii bpttle elsewhern, but we are leaving an nnppitant piece of a bottle, “Tfee Bottle Nock,” right h^ie on the cajiipus to antagonize E C Arep’f; we mean’ Outsjde of the reasons above, we can thnjk of no reason whatevi^i why any column should be called “The Bottle Neck”—let alone ora own brain child By tho way, all suggestions for articles, ideas for the column, and time bombs intended for “our benefit may be dropped in the Exponent box on the West desk in the Union We’re really serious about the ideas and suggestions, though We’re going to need them Of couise, howevei, if you get serious about the time bombs, just foi get the ideas and suggestions r w b
Woik rs
Clini in J Lobw 1 klc
Dnw*; n
D But/ H D dcBriyn M A Elttinigan W A Slont I M SUttonben? K Roiutmoio B W K L Hnllev J S Keeler R W DeM irs J S
the family namely Bertie, the story cigars at the Sig Ep house the other has finally come out how she hap night and the irrepressible Bob pened to give Tom Moran’s pm Adams made the lemaik that he back It seems as though she gave guessed the Sig Eps didn’t have it back to him at the end of their woiiy about getting their dates long train ride home anymore All they had to Now, you people can jump at ,4, u 1 ur n youi own conclusions, and as for was show their badge Well, yon Cole sisters, please stay out of Adams might have something theie
What about that Roberta’
WBAA
Hitler has staited up oiu front walk, and President Roosevelt has announced that we are going out to meet him instead of waiting
to see if he will knock on our door If the Pres- this column from now on 4 41. 4 i,/, c!4 j
Was m Doc Millei’s office the Say noticed that Marge Study
Friday, September 1? H 60—Purdue News
12 00—Luncheon Melodies
12 15—Melody Maids 12 30—Meet the Band
^ent had decided otherwise, the United and*^the usual confusion is back, so the athletes can start 12 45—WBAA Presents
States would not deserve the title of a world
powei
Ceiitral Indiina ASHE
faculty was in tljeie at the same pretty girls, there’s a cute, blond
time and made the mistake of call httle fieshmanimining around that
liitnds and new membeis of the Western Hemisphere and said that ing Butch, “Doctor ” you boys want to look out for Her section consists oj. a display and ’‘O view of these aggiessions it was Well Butch got mad and asked name s Margaret Miller and she
. r, A 1 L 4 plain that domination of this hem him please not to call him ‘ Doctor ’ ought to go far
planation of a Panoiam A buffet is the ultimate German pra^ because no man that put up with Well, there are a couple good
pose as much aiound this Univeisity as mixers coming up this week end Thp TIP \ iitinp ’ thp he did was intelligent enough to be Del Courtney on Piiday and Irv Piesident said to see if the United called that You tell them Butch Given on Saturday Irv had the best States will by silence give the giecn By the way Ann Anderson took band on cainpus last year and has light to go ahead ’ His speech, C ut Chamber’s pin^the other day only replaced one man so he ought
heard throughout the woild m four She said he.swept hci off her feet
teen languages give the official Some boy
pait of this countiy but has come Ameiican answer Speaking of engagements you
home ol James A Diogue located only afftei a planned senes of ag , probably know by now that Person it 8al \oilh Havthoino Lane In foie must be consideied as a pos Said"the Indian to the tourist ‘I O^ce big gun Pern Johnson and
itnc defensive stand Mi Roose am Bravo Eagle This is my son <'^c well knovn Miss Roberta Con
The piogiam of thn meetino ^clt said He picsentcd instances Pightmg Hattk and my giandson ""“cv ^le lesidence halls aie
vnici-A iP be a get togethei foi old of lepeited Nazi mtiigue m the Low Wing Bombei
1 00—Ag Forum 1 16—Standard Library Artists 1 45—Maikets 2 00—Monitor Views the News
nl mcetii of the mcmbcis id jc s of tl c C^itial Indiana Sc'’tion oi the 4.ii^iic n oocicty of y echai 1C 1 En^iii eis vill be held tnis cALimg iL 7 o dock at the
suppci and icfieshments will also
be sei ved d b
President Cliallenges (Cqntinucd fiom page 1)
to be a cinch to repeat At any rate, we’ll be seeing you at them both
you waive youi
Southworth ’s
now engaged Well anyhow
Judge “Will
light to appeal’”
Husband “Don’t let hei waive any uoie lights judge That’s
Pern passed out how I got this black eye ’
A COOD PIPE WILL PUT YOU ON TOP OF THE WORLD
® We stock only the best known and finest brands of pipes, in a wide price range.
% Our ^obaccoes, in a variety to suit any smokers taste, are nationally known.
• For those essential extras — pouches, ash trays, lighters, smoking stands, pipe racks, etc.—We have what you want.
PUI!DU[ BOOK S SOIW STORE
308-10 STATE ST WEST LAFAYETTE, IND
Southworth’s
i
TOEiAV Thru SATURDAY
WMHS-t Virginia Vale • Ba Whitley • Emmett Lyi
jgg'My ALSO 'CAPT MARVEL"
. Classroom or campus, we’ve got the styles in school wear this Fall that will make you the envy of the whole cl^ss. Suits, topcoats, odd ^ coats and slacks m a variety of attractive new patterns and designs, smartly tailored, individual looking. Come in today and give ihem the "once over.” BALTIMORE eXOTHES SHOP Everything for the Man
TODAY
TOlyiORROW
DOUBLE FEATURE Newest Thrilling Adventures of Fiction's Famous Sleuth' THE SAINrS
VACATION
Thrills - Laughs - Gasps
and Mystery with HUGH SINCLAIR
SALLY GRAY — PLUS —
You'll Loop the Loop with Laughter At Its New Slants
On Love'
"OVER^ THE MOON"
WITH
MERLE OBERON
HEALTHFULLY COOL LUNA TODAY - SAT. 2 HITS S0N6$! ACTION!
A Romantic Robot
Is On the Loose — He's All Bolts—
and Nuts About Blondes!
y Ilf
-with —
Stuart Erwin
Una Merkel
Mischa Auer
Ivan the Robot
2 16—A Story a Day 2 30—Moods in Music, Mis C W Hemmer 2 46—Moods in Music, Mis C W Hemmer 3 00—Parade of Business 3 16—Marjorie Williamson, singer 3 30—Better Vision 3 45—Meet Your Voice 4 00—Off the ail
HEALTHFULLY COOL im^mm TODAY - SATURDAY
EeiSEElTON ^/ie Sian, IN WHIflUIK inlkMIBK
HEALTHFULLY COOL MARS STARTS TOMORROW
lYII FRED MuMIIRIlAY
“"X'. I, ta LAST TIMES TODAY —
RcAImIa MflMBllli
\yday, Sei)fdmi>er 12; 194!
P'URDUE/feXrOHENI*’
»i|W«<W<IWI!*»liiiii''M!ilt" ‘""IWWlBiWyiWi' l« » I*'*-’ .
*" « . 1 ^ *i 'r
le Snorts Gestano* NW Drills Begin On Stewart ReW IIIG OpUl lO^UpOlOpU I X ..i.. -- «V. n *Lc
^•^orr^rrcraf^rs' ■ccsJwr* cf,9^.
hy PMl Johnson^
# !)Plashy Foot'ball
j From early practice indications the 1941 gridiron aggregation will he a very 1^tep,esting teai)(L to sCi^s jji aCtto:|i. Fop instance, in yesterday afternoon's st|^jniihi9;?e the' fcjtli carried' nbont 180 yapds in two' j;i n . * > y .1 .-Jut J#i Jj-lL-hll ^U._ U^t^u V_ -i rvt^ t
hlays of very st)iecitae^tlar Qffle oi^'tlie yljgys endijn^ in h IDS-y^rd
touchdown run.
' It all started when Pinky Newell intercepted a pass and ran nearly its yards before he was nailed from behind on the 10 yard line by Barry
French, huge sophomore tackle,
y.«je To Deci<te^1»l»i^
.. J J
GqII's l^ajor Sport Status
fe'^ ittoyex^erft
'ilaltek ^Srly Iasi -s^rliig^, tennis^
rols (sdatf-
^ try, swimming wrestling were cpnvejrted to major aj^prts
# Hajxyk Runs 105 Yards ' ^ vate;of the sjiu^eul; ho^f Spyerai weeks later a petition ^ On the next play Kenny Smock faded back to pass to Andy Devine was t^ans^od in to the Purdue Athlotic CpunciJ, by Ha,ri^ in the end sione. The pass was intercepted by Hajzyk, sophomore quar- AljspaW, POach of tlhS t^am, whlcb contained tfe® si^ljaterback, about five yards back of the goal line. The shifty signal caller tljre^ pf %^<Oi stjudppta,, Jp tbe petition ajn appeaj lyag lp,ade to im #irough the entire opposing team for i06 /for a touchdowm He was change golf'to a major sport and was^passed unaniraojisly
chased by Jim Cary all the way, and ran so fast he dropped exhausted
when hd crossed the §5Qal jparker.
A few JWif« nfterheohs like that and it will be like seeing a pingpong ghpie to follow the play up and down the ^ield.
by the PAG.
Qualifying Rniinds 5latad For All-Campus Golf Meet
’• Shimer G&ts New Eyee
Bill Shimer j,imioii,gnd^^lc^:^ Ipe a man from Mars on the practice
field. Ho has recehlly acquired a" pair of shatterproof glasses surrounded
by wide, tight fitting'black mbber rims. The glasses are ^roqnd specially ^ reminder to all golfing fans to the to fit his nyes.' ’ ’ >■ ' ' effect that the annual all-campus L lie • Solf tournament is sjat^d tq start • Tpreef FaeeS Missing following the opening qualifying fami|ar to will he absent ivom the Boifermaker lineups gept_ gl.
this season, nqnrety Brock, Anderson, and Shumaker. Shum,dker, a fulltoa^^h of no naeatl proportions, recently had an oper
atioh for a 'kueb injury which he received last 'April during spring prac'
The second semester, closed before the change could be submitted to a vote of the student “body. However, the Purdue Athletic Council is abbut' to give the petitlbn arid
From the Iritrapauraf ofSde ebroes its Report of approval to pick Dibos,
president of the Student Senate, who will handle the vote which will
be held in the "near future.
Here is ihe text of the petition:
By Jiin Frafier
familiar figure in any BoUer-
“Jn petitioning the Purdue Athletic maker football game is the husky Couhcil tq make golf^a Wiajor sport frame of Tommy Melton. This com-
This year the tourpahient is being at Purdue it is to be realized that ing season marks the third varsity held on the newly constructed Uni- gulf can never rank in importance year for Melton, and his consistent
Nearly football players, r^res^^tt^ 'the creapd of the crop from mpst of the outstanding high sh^ooIs ip the middie west tumed out for their first p^^ti^je se^pop, in ^ Boileripaj^er pniform yesterday afternoon. Ja additiop to these were jseveral inexperienced but mighty willing feU lows, who may be able to convince Bob Burnham th£d; th^
have what it talj^s.
Because of the large atteodanee a.'" miojujii't-j at the freshman football meeting Wednesday night, the squad is expected to total approximately 100
men before very long.
Positions Wide Open (As^e h^yMAoi<^^gB Despite this l^rge number, how- pranck, Dave Eankin, John Kimever, all those who are interested brohgh and many of the other footand have not signed up as yet are bajd luminaries of the 194d season urged to do so. As ever all positions have passed on fo professional footwill be wide open with everyone ball, the coaching ranks or one of having an equal chance at filling the nation's armed services. Others, them. In a few weeks the Shinie however have chopped up to resquad will get an opportunity tu place them.
tice. Hfe came through'’the operation in fine shape, but* will not return versity golf course which at the ^uotball, baskefeaU, or base- game at guard is again a welcome to scbiool wtil next year. present time is only nine holes in petition, then, is to put boost for the team. Besides sharing Junior Bjrock, a halfback, was married to a campus beauty queen, length. It is required that the qual- an equa s atim With tennis, the guard posts with Jim Miller,
Wilma Baer, during the summer, and they are both bving in Stafford, ifying rounds be 18 holes, however, Kansas now. The third member of the trio, Paul Anderson, decided to as a convenience to the competitors
two nine hole rounds on different
days will be accepted.
Td be eligible to enter the tour-* nament it is not necessary to regis-
retain the job be had over the summer and not return to 'schoql.
" T^r Yfliiiy l.ei$ure Time
r ’» i
A Complete Line of * MOPEL AIRPLANES and SUPPLIES MiEKSITy BBIIC
Next to Post dfiice
fi. $. Arth ’37 305 State Street
D. N. Hansell ’^7 Phone 4094
cross country, swimming and wres-
tling.
New Fmphasis
“Golfers spend approximately ten to fifteen hours a week from the
take a crack at the Varsity ih the annual frosh-varsity game. At that time all freshmen will be able ttf
see action.
Coach Burnham and his assistants, Dutch Fehring, Sammy Voinoff and ejaude Reeck, planned a
90re Comes Hilfenbrand
, One of the most phenomenal
this pair also lead the team as cocaptains. I
Played At Lowell
Melton played hjs high school fqqtball at Lowell, Indiana. Tom
Stars to appear on the Western Coriference horizon' for some thne is'sophomore^KBy Hiffenbrand-of Indiana. The 190 pound Bash is a
4.U V Ui. jr xi, ^ 11 triple-threatfer in evety Way and is
StaMentag the heart of CiW Bo
month of February to the end of evidently bent all his efforts to-
ter one’s name. All that is required May w,05^ing on their games, both wards making a real record in the is that the finished scorecard be playing and practicing. iFebruary sport, for it was his only venture turned in to Dave Melville at the tp April in the Fieldhouse). This is at atjhletics while at high school. No. 1 iaantfifter the round is com- an increased emphasis on golf and Today, it remains as the only sport pleted. the results are beginning to show in which he takes an active part, alSuitable trophys and medals will in the results of the matches. With though in the spring at the intei’-
the advent of the new course the fraternity track meet he sometimes
effort shall be even more pro- tries his hand at shot putting,
nounced. " Tommy would like to let athletics “We believe, then, that produc- dominate his life after he graduatestive dffort in such an enterprise this year from the Physical Kduca-
" TZ , j .' should be rewarded as it is in sim- tiou School. However, his plans for All men interested m cross coun- i i j ^ nar aiorementioned endeavors, a coaching career may be shelved try should report at the first tee of Therefore, we ask the Purdue Ath- in favor of a life of flying in the the three-hole practice golf course letic Council to give this request Naval Air Force, in which he will this afternoon at 4 o’clock. their deepest consideration.” enlist this spring. —JPHJLLIPS Harry AUspaw, Melton stands five feet nine and a
Golf Coach half inches and weighs 190 pounds.
yesterday afternoon. After a series of limbering up exercises, the members of the squad reported to'the' coaches of their respective positions. Following this they were shown and taught several plays.
Hurlie And Blair One of the most
players to re'pqrt last night was Ott Hurlie, a big sandy haifed full-
McMillan, along with Captain G^ne White who performs at guard. White is the possessor of an educated toe in the art of placing the
ball between the goal posts. B^riqe Smith seems a sure' bet
outstanding roake All-American and an even
surer bet to lead the powerful Golden-GopheJs of Minnesota to an
he awaid.ed to the winner and run ner-ups in the tournament, and everyone who can do so is urged
to enter, r.w.d.
back who made quite a name for ^^ef^ted season and the Big Nine himself during his high school days augmented by^ Helge at Cathedi-al of Indianapolis. An- Thifcema, lAcfc* Wildung, Urbmi Odother fellow who looks the part of Gordon-'Pasefika on-the a real collegiate star is Ed Blair, ® traditional Miimesota
fullback m the persoif -of Bob SweigCr, 206 pdurids of dynamite. A1 Wistert, tackle, and Bob WCst-
1— —. fall, fuilbaek, win carry on for He is a member of Phi Kappa Tau MicMgan Where Harmbn, ^EVashevsociai fraternity. Tom has no hob- ski and'Fruitig left off^. ‘ ' hies in particular, but he is an en- Stevq Juzwik and D^py OwCns thuSiastic follower of athletics, will be the shining stars in the new
very determined looking center.
j.s.d.
physical culture, and flying.
(Coiitinued on page 4)
YOUR SUDE RULE IS
The slide rule you would ordinarily buy ibis ierm will not be ready for foiir rnonths. Sorry, it can't be helped... It has to dp-witb defense. Tenhs/ gunsr ah'plenes, all begin with mathematics —and mathematics'means slide rules. Although we have multiplied opr production, the Defense Program still absorbs rule^slightly faster than we can make thei]|i now* Bpt we afe still increasing production. Within fouy months we are sUre we can take care of everyone . / . ' ■■ ^ bui well mother ! Meanwhile, you are not forgotten. We have in production a quantity of special slide rules that will tide you over until your standard rules are ready. These irules are not for sale. We will lend you one upon the deposit of $1.00 •—and give you a foil trade-in allowance wken your standard rule is ready. No charge for wear and tear. Use this nile with.oiur compliments as long as the terioporary emer* gency lasts! Your campus bookstore has K&E ”loaned-on-deposit" slide rules in stock for immediate delivery* KEUFFEL 6> ESSER CO. FOUhiDED 1867
# Southworth’s
III
TOUR DEALER FOR KELFFEL’ AND ESSER SLIDE RULES UmVERSITy BOOK STORE Across from the Union Building ^ , M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
HOW DOES YOUR ROOM LOOK?
r
FIX YOUR Room FOR COMFORT AND ' ' ■ CONVENiENCE—
e |. E. S. STUDY LAMPS • fluorescent''li Amps $2*95 to For that Collegiate Toueh— • Felt Pencilts and Pillows • Livabfe^ic-Nacks of All Kinds
A- .k-p
Hiro EccK&supmf ctpbe
308-10 fTATE STREE? WEST LAFA¥iTTi
SauthworthIJ4
r ; ’ I
,1i;«7;'.:'• * - v /I'l'" ,1,' "f 'i
•4a
POUDOE EXPONENT
F'riHa^, SeplemHeif 12v IMP
H^ia
i
ft^lfigious Groups To Hold Op^n Hwso TonigKt Presbyteiian and Congieprational students will hold open house at the Univeisity Church, 320 Noilh Stieet, this evening fioni 7 30 to 9 SO Old and new students will have opportunity to renew contacts and find new fi lends.
IM Schedule Smifh, Juzwik,
SOFTBALl.
Joe Boland and Mai Elward guest speakers Free to members, 26c to all others —BROOK
King, Paul Carrington 26 cents t
or Bob Riggs for RIGGS
There vill be gioup singing and oiganized recreation undei the leadeiship of Prof Bob Aiinck of the Agiicultuial extension staff All students are coidially invited
Fridny September 12 Ph) Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau Phi Sigma Kappa vs Pi Kappa Alpha Pi Kappa Phi vs Sigma Alpha MU Sigma Alpha Lpsilcn vs Sigma Chi Sigma Mu vs Sigma Pi lau 1 psilon Phi Vs Tan Kappa Epsilon n ota Chi vs T.hota Tau riicta Xi vs Triangle Sigma Phi rnsilin vs Beta Sigma Psi Beta Theta Pi vs Alpha Sigma Phi 111 It a Chi V Dell! 1 lu Delta Delta Ui sil in vs Acacia Alpha Chi Rho \s Alpha Gamma Rho Alpha Kai pa Lambda vs Kappa Delta Rho Kappa Sigma \s Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Delta Hieta vs Phi Gamma Delta Phi Kappa \s Phi Kappa Psi Alpha Li u Omega
(Continued from page 3) Military Seniors There will be a meeting lofriiYiP of ■fi’rnnlr T.pnViv nt Notre of all Battery Athletic Otticeis in Room 206 legime OI Franic Lieany at INOtre of the armory Tuesday Sept 16 at 4 p m Dame Beinie Crimmms has been —burkhart
moved from fullback to guard Bob
Model Railroaders Meeting of Model Railroad Club Saturday, September 13 at 1 p m at layout fourth floor ME Build mg All interested are invited to attend —DARE
Zouaves All Zouaves desiring to remain p * ron,„ment nnemtnrn An«nne in-
... 109 ^ r-guipmenr uperators Anjsone in-
Dove is a sure staiter at one of A?mory**at l^p’^m'^'^uwaot terested in contracting to play records with
the ends and Bob Hargiave is the only experienced quaiteiback on the squad Captain Paul Lillis will
lead the team from tackle
Bill DeCorrevant and Don Clawson lead a Northwestern gang that
Friday Sept 12
—GRAF
Basic Military Students Meeting of all students inteiested in tryouts for mem beiship in Purdue Order of Zouaves rifle drill team at 4 p ni Wednesday Sept 17 in the armory —GRAF
your own equipment and record library for Union Tea Dances call me at 5068
—DEUSTER
Chinese Students First monthly meeting will be held at 833 West Lutz Avenue at 7 00 p m y S riday September 12 , DENNIS LIU
All Military Students Theie will be a
Meet Cinderella Smith
1 c "foi "hpciT* m Tvnplrfiplfl Coips Dsy foriTifttion in uniform st 11 fl m is loaaea loi Dear in tne oacimeia Tuesday Sept le —burkhart
but weak in the line Only Alf Bau- - , . « _ Engineer Staff All staff mombeis and
nian can boast Oi gaitio experience workers leport to the office at 4 p m Satin the forwaid wall Sept 13 for a spec^^m^Ung ^
Jim Miller and Tommy Melton ,i._ 1 . „ _ n Purdue Agriculturist Staff All workers
comprise the best pair of guards please stop at office either Thursday Sept in the mid-west and should be an 4pm —arvidson
Cosmopolitan Members Important meet ing Fiiday at 4 30 p m at East end of second floor in the Union All old membeis and others interested are invited —KELLAR
Engineer Staff All staff members and workers report to the office at 4 p m Friday September 12 for special meeting —HAWKINS
inspiiation to their Boilei maker Graduate students and Instructors
. . j. Tijr n _ . j! Physics and Mathematics A conference to mates Mlllei was something of a arrange hours and rooms will be held Friwoikhoise last yeai, for he played abmtt'^^
403 of a possible 480 minutes Dr.
^1 Chemistry 111, 112 and 126 Leave sched-
Eddie Andeison of Iowa selected ajg classes m my mail box m the Chera Tommy as the guard of the year. ’®tiy Department office —ELViNG Two Bills Diehl and Gieen, give Advanced Course Applicants The follow Iowa’s Hawkeyes plenty of stiength ;aLed“coursc'‘a? thmr’'lw^%x‘^ensc''lf1n down the middle, namely at center »t«>!stod contact Major Messcrsmith at the
Armoiy at onct E N So Ici W G Rice
and fullback J 1 Shively W L leifheit M H Fostei Pitt rnrtiiiiPB Wntiimr ^ Pfennii gei J S Piitchard C A Davis 1 111 1 oriunes W anmg 3 Rosenbaum H K Herr R E Mali “Special Deliveiy” Jones, a back coat w N Couihim R E Myers H „ J ’ , borem D F LeMastei J R Iiwin H F Ol the scat vaiiety, is the only Bramlev J H StiKgleman H D Fulmer blight spot in the Pittsbuigh lineup R^N™Caputo d^m*Tiggctt^w^ f now that the last of Jock Suther- Wagner J P Reeves D A McCashn W 11, , 1 , , 1 E iajloi R A Biblms A L Culbertson land s pi oteges have departed from r j starr w P Mitchell D Wnght A
Activities Bureau Meeting for junior officers in the Activities office Friday aft in einoon at 4 o clock Attendance compulsory
—GIMLIN
Get Your Parker Pen at
uwmirr book stobe
Across from the Union Building \ M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Reamers Meeting Monday September 15 at 7 30 p m in Room 304 of the Union Impoi tant I —EUFFNER
Catalyst Club Members and Pledges Meeting Tuesday night September 16 7 30 p m Sign list in Dr Lovell s office
—NODER
at
Disney's BookofWOS
Purdue Wheelmen Got acquainted ride S inday September 14 at 2 30 p m Mott in Iront of Executive buildmi. All hi cyclists invited —VANDERBILT
the Smoky City Foidham seems to ^ Eudwit r jc^Gyffz
be the class of the East—and they still have a bevy of unpionounceables Steve Filipowicz and Jim Blumenstock aie back to plague
Classified Ads
at your retailer’s (while supply lasts) with 15** purchase of
Wanted Student to exchange work (fui
/
PARKER
227 S Grant street
—GRAVES
Independent Staff Delayed Dog up now Come in and check stones If none are as
■Dcava^ rr ^1- 1 'Signed to >ou sign youi name at bottom of Ivani OpporiBUtS Two chaps who Dog mi you will be called Leave ad Ires'* beai the momckeis Andrejeo and and telephone numbei —smulevitz Jendiyczyk are coming up with a Umon Building Permanent Assignments
Lafayette home Phone 7203 Student to drive car daily desirable room neai campus plus $10 per month must be able to lift 160 lbs Phone 6339
PARKER -m
yuf/iA
Size 1%
Lyrics Includedt Baby Mine
Look Out for Mr Stork I ve Seen Every . thing PinkEIc £hanta On Parade
One single room one double room near campus Phone 31(94 aftei 6pm
loai from the fieshman ranks Chailey Baqhman continues to come up with good backs at Mich
igan State Some of this yeai’s stars permanent room
include E;:l Ripmaster, Wyman Davis, Wilfoid Davis and Mike
Schelb 0 t c
For Rent Good single loom reasotialle rates J^oi gimd student preferably upper
Orfeanizations wishing permanent rooms
the Memor al Union b iilding will submit class Chem'’ Ph 66021 written p t tions to the Student Union
B aid bcfoio Fnlay Septembei 19 Please For Rent Trailer space third house west
tate size of organ zation and reasons for of Poultiy Building ' ‘ STAEEK
Friday Sept o m Ladies Rost
Purdue Christian Foundation Freshman Room 2nd flooi Union Bldg yellow gol 1
banquet will be held Friday September 12 ring with light blue stone in white gol 1
at the Fust Chiistian Church 6th and sotting Reward Phone 41632 North Sts The time will be 6 la p m Fr^e -
to freshman st dents Upper classmen may Lost Black Sehaeffer Lifet me Fountain purchase t ekejb from Helen Carey Nancy Pen and Eversharp in vicinity of Union
QuiilA CLEANS A PEN AS IT WRITES
Dawson Phy Thomas Joy Wampler George Phone 61761
Notices
PEW Bowling ciases meet at Women s Gymnasium Thursday and Fn iay S it 11 12 —HAZEJLION
Horseback riding classes Meet Friday Sept 12 at 4 00 p m at Women s Gvm nasium —HAZLLTON
NcTyman Club Workers Meeting of all interested in working with the club in loom S02 of the Union Fiiday Sept 12 at 4 00 P m —BROCK Newman Club Breakfast after 9 30 Mass Sunday Sept 14 m St Mary s auditoi um
Deac Says:
I have sold Parker Pens for 33 years, and have found them satisfactory.
H. G. REISNER BOOK STORE
the exciting, new quick-drying ink that cleans your pen as it writes I
RICH,FULLBODIED, BRILLIANT COLORS
Yes, without waiting a day, you can now get this brand-new Book of Songs, including big hits from Disney s latest Feature Picture, “DUMBO” — songs you’ll soon be hearing everywhere, and also94 other Favorites—and allFREE,if you hurry. Go to the nearest store selling Parker Qurn* and buy a bottle for only 15 fi The retailer gives you your W^lt Disney Song Book right then and there! This almost incredible offer is made to introduce Quink to hosts of new users For Quink contains a harmless agent that dissolves deposits left by pen-clogging inks Qurnk makes a pen a self-cleaner—a Parker or ANY OTHER pen. So whether you use a Parker or not, using Quink IS the finest protection you can give it And your Qurnk will keep till you need it, but the retailer’s supply of Song Books won’t last long. So hurry.
The Parker Pen Co, Janesville, Wis
"Independent Laboratory test of next four selling brands
THE FEMME INTEREST m the Mais big new Technicolor show, “Dive Bomber” is lovely Alexis Smith, Hollywood’s newest Cindeiella girl I or her talent and her very photographic qualities she was chosen to play the leading girl’s role opposite Errol Flynn and Tied MacMurray in the spectacular air drama.
Attention! Students
We Carry a Complete Line of Nationally Advertised Men’s Wear
Top Coats
Suits
Slacks
Shirts
Campus Coats Sweaters Sport Coats
Hats Ties Rain Coats Jackets Sport Shirts
Formal Wear
Subscribe to your Campus Daily
Southworth !s
I MUbl ^ /A J Baywooil’sS^
j\
SCOUT
AROUND
OUR STORE
for the
ABOUT IT '
ROGER'S
Se« This Amazing New Instrument Demonstrated
HAYWOOD’S
BEST BARGAINS
East Side Square
5th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
SAVE DOLLARS and STEPS
HERE!! USED and NEW BOOKS and SUPPLIES for All Courses
Engineering • Science • Home Economics ^ Agriculture • Pharmacy • Physical Education
UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE
/ (Atioss Fiom Union) M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
BOOKS and SUPPLIES
PLENTY OF GOOD BOOKS LEFT—BUT GOING FAST DON’T DELAY—
Guaranteed Right Books for Courses You Specify, — SLIDE RULES WHILE THEY LAST —
PURDUE BDOK^SUPPLY STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WE5T. LAFAYETTE INP
Southworth’s