¥
>
Everybody Out Tonight!
BEAT
Voliime 55, No. 49 J)A
-pHrctlie-University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, November 20, 1942
Pep Rally Tonisht, 7:30
University Glee Club, Iouay|| ^erfori|
High School Debaters ibnqget Attendance Cup Refused By Northside 7 TT Qf Fort Wayne; Presented To Knox PoWBt
Climax of the Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference OtOOS PolstltV * IS last niffht’s mammoth banhuet held in both ballrooms of ^ v ^
Campus Revels
^udfDtsfiU'list^n To Levojjt'
Burnham^ Members Of Team Will Appear Before Students
was last night’s mammoth banquet held in both ballrooms of the Union and attended by approximately 800 members of
Indiana high school debate teams.
The highlight of the entertainment program for the debaters was the appearance of the University Glee Club, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart,
University director of musical organizations. During the program, Joe Richards, bass soloist, was called back from his solo on “Old Man River” to sing a novelty number, “The King’s Horses and the King’s Men.’’ Stewart also led group singing immedi-
ately after the dinner.
Zouaves Perform
The University Order of Zouaves, captained by A1 Jackson, treated
PI ay shop Will Present Navy Relief Show
By Bob and Dave Gremlin Dropping a polarity, either Mr. Fisher or Mr. Penrod, of the Power Plant, at 4:45 o’clock yesterday afternoon, plunged University buildings into inky darkness, giving campus habitues their first daylight
blackout.
In the best of blackout technique, eds scrambled to posiJ;ions where co-
'Jim Dandy' To Star P. E. Lull Tonight
eds were last seen/ Eeamers advanced to the coffin of Miss Indiana, sensing an lU saboteur plot to make off with the corpse, and hundreds of
“Jim Dandy’’, the Saroyan play students blinking squinted eyes
the audience to an exhibition of pre- which was given last summer by poured from the movies in the Music
cision drill during the evening’s Playshop, will have a repeat per- Hall.
entertainment. Dave Simpson, glee formance with its original cast. The The Exponent office, a few minclub accompanist, performed on the play will start at 8 p. m. both to- ntes before, the scene of bu.stling acSolovox'during the dinner. - night and tomoriow night. The pro- tivity became a bedlam as the ediAfter the meal, Prof. P. E. Lull, ceeds are to go to the Navy Relief tor, screaming from his position on Director of Forensic Activties at Fund. top of the copy desk ordered two the University, serving as toast- Tihs is an unusual play as it has leporters to go to the Power Plant master for the occasion, introduced real plot and a rather surrealistic and discover the cause of the dis-
Prof. A. H. Monroe head of the theme. Jim Dandy, portrayed by turbance.
Speech Department at the Univer- F- F- Lull, meets a varied reporters, met at all ensity. Monroe, spe'aking in place of gioup of people in a public libraiy, trances to the Plant by burly guards, Presic}ent E. C. Elliott who was un- around which the play is centered, behind a truck in the Service and able to attend the banquet, wel- There is additional action by a re- mechanics discomed the debaters to the Univer- volving door, steps that lead to no- mussed the affair. One whispered sity.. where, and a semi-strip tease. ^^at a polarity had been dropped. Trophy Awarded ' Richard Kohls will play the part Both Mr. Fisher’s and Mr. Penrod’s
The trophy for greatest attend-
of the pessimist and Arthur Barab names were mentioned.
was dropped.
ance at the conference was pre- optomist. Scooping up this bit of a lead, sented to North Side High School the dancer is to be played by reporters dashed to the Superinof Port Wayne for the fifth con- Nigg^Jim Crow is pLyed tendent’s office to ascertain the exsecutive year. As an "hct of sporty- Geoige Hudson. Betty Jane tent of the damage. The superintenmanship. North Side, represented Mowiy, who is now attending Indi- ^ent was not in, but the man in by 76 students refused the cup to Univeisity, is returning to take g^iarge assuied the journalists that present it to Knox high school, same part in the play that she p-^gber’s and Mr. Penrod’s toes
took this summer, as Flora, the li- ^^^en the polarity
brarian.
„ Larry Myers has the part of
I Jo^^ny, a young man with one foot
in the giave; his son is played by Edwaid Claik and Jackie Schaup,
. , ^ , „ , , ^ who will alternate for the two
Arxenal Tecbmeal High School Ip-
dianapohs, spoke tor the high schoql Grant Fielden and Walt members attending the conference Neubauer as crew heads. They are in thanking the University. ^-eplacing Geoige Zissis, John Clark,
Brigance Speaks
lepresented by 56 debaters from a
scl^ool of .31,4 members.
welcome^ Betty iCathprine Mills, member of the 1941-42 state champjonphip debating team from
Myer Evanson, Anne Bradley, Lee
j.Tjiejprogram for the evening was Pishback and Maiy Osborne, concluded by Dr. W. N. Brigance, Tickets are fifty cents ahd may head of the department of speech at be purchased at the Eliza Fowler Wabash College, who connected Hall office. Season tickets must be •spldiers and speakers in his talk, accompanied by twenty-five cents “Soldiers Also Need Good Speech.” for adjnissiqn. Fcrtlotying the dinner, f. special per- ,
fnnmance pf “Cuckoos on the Hjearthu was presented by members ij, ,(8566 debaters, page 4)
r, (.1 ’
jeari (^l^re Qpoljdge iiiepffs Confjerence At t^prthwestern Acting Dean of Women Clare Coojidgq represented.dhis University,|,at,a conference on “Polleg.e Wopien and the War” held last wgek end at Nprthwestern. Three hundred adminisfratprs, from ah sections of
the country attended.
University people and representatives of the tbi’pe principal groups demanding the services of college wombn appeared op the program to discuss tbe nped fpr cojlege women in the armed seryices and commu-
nity work and industry.
T\he conclusion reached by the conference was that for the duration colfegip education for women i? o,n trial. Coeds who are successfully taking work they can honestly convince themselves will be valuable to
Penalty Dates November 25 and 27 are penalty dates. These dates represent the 24 hour period before and after an authorized recess. Any, student who" is absent frojm classes on either of these two dates will, be assessed a fee of $5.0j0 for each day or fraction thereof missed^ If a student feels that he ,has a legitimate reagon for being absent on either or both of these days and wishes to ask relief from the $5.00 penalty fee, he should put it in writing and mail it to the Dean of Men before November 27. Verbal statements will not be accepted.
—GOLDSMITH
Dr.O.LKurt Will Speak At ACS Meeting Monday
Military Department Announces Winning Howitzer Squad Headed by two junior cadet officeis, A. J. Hermann, executive, and K. E. Gilbert, assistant executive, a gun squad composed of H. E. Cailson, chief of section, R. H. Kroeplin, gunner, H. W. Haak, number one man, S. Sines, number two, T. B. Lush, number thiee, W. J. Heinde, number, W. C. Benin, number five, B. C. Olmstead, number six, and H. Si Miller, number seven, won the Di.stinguished Howitzer Competition for the fall term Wednesday
night.
Nine gun squads of the University ROTC were entered in the 155 mm. Howitzer competition that took place in the Armory*. The gun squads were composed of sophomores, who were under the supervision of junior c^let offiicers. The competition, to which the public was invited, placed emphasis on the speed and accui acy in operating the howitzers. Citations and merits will be awarded to the win-
Former University Student Killed At Naval Air Station
l^eppers Present FelT Term Pledges University students will “Listen to Levant” when Phil Levant and his orchestra replace Joe Sanders’ band at the regular Union Mixer tonight. Gold Peppers will announce new pledges at this mixer at 10 p. m. in the ballroom in front of the backdrop. ^ As the pledges, who are second semester juniors, selected for the coed honorary on the basis of scholarship and leadership in campus activities, are introduced by Hariiette Simons, president of Gold Peppers, and Dottie Weber, pledge mother, their names will be revealed on the backdrop. A reception for the new pledges and their dates will be held at 10:30 in the Old Cliestnut Room. Uses Five “S’s” Phil Levant, a professional musician at the age of fifteen, and leader of his own orchestra in theaters at nineteen, developed his orchestra by the use of five “s’s”: sweet, smooth, sophisticated, suaVe and subtle. Two famous hotels, the Bismarck in Chicago and-the Schroeder in M|ilwaukee, have been “Listening to Levant” as regular entertainment fare since 1933. , Recently students from MarqUette University asked Levant, because he is the author of their “Victoi'y March”, to name the ten modern songs that would live on. Phil specified that he would not go back (See LEVANT, page 4) Reamer Will Award Football To Bond Buyer The football used in the Boilermakers’ scrap with Indiana tomorrow will be given away. The Reamers Club announced that it will be awarded to the person who buys the most war bonds in the bond contest which is being held now. To work up enthusiasm for the game and to increase bond sales, prospective buyers have been con-
tacted.
Several offers for the football have alieady been received and the winner w^l be announced during half time tomorrow.
Mudball hey there clarence the students here are certainly unobserving i hear that half an hour after the lights went out yesterday in the music hall couples were still coming out of the place —MUDBALL
Thirty Tickets Left For Cary Club Formal “Here’s That Band Again” to play for the annual Cary Club dihnerdance next Friday night from 8:30 to 11:30. Approximately 30 tickets remain to be sold for’' the dance, which, unlike previous Cary Club formals, will be an open affair. • The tickets, 300 of which were placed on sale last Tuesday at the Cashier’s Office, can be purchased theie as long as the present supply lasts. All students must remember to present their passports when purchasing tickets. For the first time in the history of the Cary Club closed winter dance, other students will be able to purchase tickets because of the fifty per cent decrease of student residents in the halls. Second University Appearance Dick Jurgens and his band, making their second appearance at the University, will be the highlight of the evening, which will be strictly formal. He played two years ago for the Sophomore Cotillion. Jurgens, born in Sacramento, Calif., grew up in a musical atmosphere. His record breaking engagement at the swank Palomar in Los Angeles brought him fame, when his band was chosen as the best in California. Other engagements soon followed, and he established himself as a favorite from coast to coast, very recently completing a five-year engagement at the Aragon in Chicago. Pan-American Club Will Meet Tonight Pan-American Club of La;fayette will hold its opening meeting in the Faculty Lounge of the Union this evening at 8 p. m. The entertainment will consist of Mexican songs presented by M. Barlenechea and the Del Rio brothers, who are students at the University 11 om Mexico City. A colored film on Mexico, which was taken, by Roy C. Street, Lafayette attorney, will be shown as part of the program* The public is invited to attend. Who's Who Lists Five More University Eds In a recent announcement in the Exponent, it was stated that the names of twenty University students were chosen to appear in this yeai’s copy of Who’s Who Among Students In American Universities and Colleges. However, five names of other outstanding University seniors were omitted. They are Larry Myers, Robert Myers, Bruce Warren, Charles Knote and Al’
Jackson.
Campus Covered With Coat Tags, Posters To Increase School Spirit
By Claire Murphy
A mammoth all-University pep session, to be held tonight, will climax the beat Indiana sentiment of the students which has-risen to'frenzy during the last week. Keynoted by the “Sure we can beat ’em” of “Doc” Anderson, and further aroused by the activities of the booster organizations, the sentiment has been gradually rising as the date
of the game draws near.
Yellow BEAT INDIANA tags have been distributed to the — students by the athletic boost-
er organizations, and black and yellow signs with the question ARE WE GOING TO WIN? and the answer HELL YES have been liberally scattered over the campus. Head Cheer Leader Bruce Adams has led the cheering ROTC cadets at both of
the Corps Days.
Last night the aroused students whitewashed sidewalks, hung Beat Indiana posters from the campus buildings, and finished things off by
c
Registration For
Gasoline Rationing Will Close Today Registration for gasoline ration-
ing will close at 5 p. m. this afternoon for all University faculty, students and townspeople. E^culty members should register in the main lobby of the Executive Building, and students and townspeople at their
nearest public school.
Basic “A” rationing books were obtained by 410 people at Morton school on the first day of registration. The predominating number of these were townspeople and officers from the Naval training school, while an estimated 50 students regported for application, approxi-
istered.
Yesterday a larger number reported for application, approximately 475. These numbers do not include faculty members who repoi'ted to the Executive Building for
rationing books.
Full instructions for registrants
The band will play at no more pep sessions if students don’t show more consideration to those playing instruments. Several have had their teeth knocked out and chipped by the rough, shoving student body. banging effigies of the lU coach Bo McMillin and several of the football team from the trees. Fraternities, sororities, and coops are trying something new as they put beat lU posters out in their front yards. Begins At 7:30 The pep session will begin at 7:30 at the Union, and the crowd
will parade to the meeting place led
may be obtained in previous publi- band which will divide and / cations of the Exponent. S'® Littleton and University
and reform to march to Stuart Field. The Gold Peppers will lead a “petticoat parade” of the coeds in order to insure their full attend-
ance.
Speakers for the pep session will be head coach Elmer Burnham, game captain “Tex” Smerke, Johnny Andretich, Kenny Smock, Hank Stram, and de Maria who will pledge the team to show the Boilermaker spirit against the Crimson. ■Campus organizations will furnish signs which will clamor for a victory against lU, and “Miss Indiana” will attend, only to meet a sad fate in the bonfii-e furnished by the Skull and Crescent boys.
Snake Dance
The pep rally will wind up with a snake dance which will give the cheering students a chance to
the campus and into
■ Theatre Society
Sponsors International Post-War Experiment In order to establish democratic theatres in member countries of the United Nations now under Germon rule, after the end of the present conflict, the Ameiican Communal Theatre of which the University Playshop is a member, is sponsoring the project known as the United
Theaties in Exile.
The ACT committe which heads this work is composed of representatives from each of the governments in exile and theatre members of this country.. It is in charge of Allardyce Nicoll, former chairman of the department of drama at Yale
University.
The United Theatres in Exile
swarm over the Union.
Beat Indiana Spirit Accentuated By Hanging Effigies- Whitewash
The students will have a chance to show the team that the student body is howling for a victory Sat-
project is based on the belief that because contrary to custom amateur groups and semi-profes- the team will attend the pep session sional acting companies can exercise and the eds and coeds will be able more influence on the people of a (gee RALLY, page 4)
country than can professional theatre groups or moving pictures.
Ensign Fiederick William Greve, III, was killed at Pensacola, Fla., where he was seiving as instructor
“Manufacture of Lead Tetra- at the advanced Naval Flying ethyl” will be discussed by Dr. 0. School. Ensign Grove, son of Prof. E. Kuit, director of roseaTcTr and F.W.'Greve, II, 917 Robinson .street,
yibce ^ ^ development for ^"^hyl Corpoia- West Lafayette, died of injuries rer“ “I “1. i" i'oo»t«rsh.nl«, Coultc- ceiv«i In n nm.sh. wen.
Hall, on Mjfiulay evening at 7:30. aot given.
Dr. Kuitt, who is frolh Baton The young flyer, a foi mer science
school |or g year ojr two to be poL
istry.
isbed before takini' a clerking job ^ .oauuu r m young uyei, a xo. mm science atuhome should dlose training i.n La\ jv.U speak before a student in the University, enlisted n^lthdipatics, physics and qheip- meeUng^ of \^e University Section as y aval aviation cadet in ,|rme ' ’ of the Ameupan Chemical Society. 1940, taking his pre-flight naval
A noted authpiity on physical chem- tjraining at Glenview, 111., air base, istry. Dr. Kurt will also be the guest and his basic and advanced flight of honor at a dinner in Lincoln training at Pensacola. Ensign Greve Lodge at 5:45 p. m. Reservations received his wings and commission for the dinner can be placed with in March of this year. Since then he F. J. Allen in the Chemistry Build- has been an instructor at Pensa-
ing. cola.
^por^ Staff Sp^rW'ettJtioit Suftdiy;
I , ^ARMSTRONG
By Becky Caylor The students with eight o’clocks who ventured out into the foggy half-light this morning were in for a rude shock. Some very,active evidences of the Beat Indiana spirit which has swept the campus met their sleep-dimmed eyes. Silent figures were hanging from ^the campus trees, their arms and legs moving ever so slightly in the bieeze. Students who were not too sleepy to be interested could lecognize the silent forms of several of the inembeis of the Indiana football team, including Cowan, Hillenbrand, and McKinsey. And last but not least at this special Boilermaker cravat party was the honored guest of the whole affair, Indiana’s coach. Bo McMillin. Whitewash Makes Changes Night, and plenty of whitewash, had wrought some other very interesting changes. In fact, anyone who was not completely blind could have not doubt that the Boilermakers were anticipating tomor-
row’s game with homicidal intentions. The very sidewalks rose up to testify to this. Slogans, and pep signs in the best free printing liberally deocrated the walks, and any place else that could conceivably be used as a bill board to advertise the students’ stand on the outcome of tomorrow’s game. Some ingenious eds, and perhaps coeds for all we know, had lettered some posters which were hung from the University buildings in order to remove any traces of doubt about what kind of reception the students are planning for the Crimson who will tiy to keep the coveted Oaken Bucket in the tilt tomorrow. Buckets And Bipod The Boilermakers are out for blood and the Old Oaken Bucket, and they mean to g-et plenty of both in tomorrow’s game. It’s up to the students to keep the ball rolling, right on to a victory against the Crimson. CAN WE WIN? HELL
YES!
War DepartmenI Fllin Shown In Music Hall Methods of instruction for teachers in military subjects was the subject of a film made by the War De^ partment for instruction purposes and presented in the Music Hall last
night.
Various ways and means of presenting subjects to a class were outlined including the lecture, conference, demonstration, discussion and group practice. The picture was in the form of a lecture illustrated by various photogi-aphic means. Albert P. Stewart . . . director of musical organizations, will go to Indianapolis this morning to attend a state board meeting of the Indiana Federation of Music clubs. Mr. Stewart is student counselor for the student division of the federation; in addition, he is a member of the national board of the National Federation of Music clubs and Chairman of Music for state and county fairs.
Debaters Witness WBAA 'Radio Stage' Production Over three hundred radio-inter-ested high school stifdents and teachers, part of the large group on the campus for the Thirteenth Annual High School Debaters’ Conference, witnessed a demonstration by WBAA staff members of one of the many “Radio Stage” productions in the audience studio of the station in the Hall of Music yesterday after-
noon.
Directed by Larry Myers, the short drama explained to the high -school students the various problems arising in such a broadcast, including cues, sound effects, etc. Participants in the presentation were Carolyn Wood, Tom McCrum, Wilfred Scott, pecky Ann Per vine and Bill Dickey,^all student staff members of WBAA. Debaters were interviewed over the station from 1:15 to 1:30, previous to the “Radio Stage” presentation, and toured the WBAA studios and control rooms following the demonstration.M'
I S'-’'
Pagk 2
Purdue Exponent
Friday^ November 20^ 1942
Purdue Exponent Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 '^'Editorial Phbne After 10 p. m., 5377
KdHor-in-rhjcf News Editor MnUnRitm Editor Editor ..... .'....A.... iJij^rTt»vs Mnnoffcr (’oed Editor . ...
^.,.John F. Amoa Don T. Brophy ..John H. Armstronff ..Robert L. Hadley Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chalfield
Publication Si'aff Associate Editors KdJtorinl Staff: D. W. Ochcillreo, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, B. Vi. Eutz, W. <1. Hoskins, K. VV. Boswinkle, K. Roquemore, S. Wolf. Siicrts Staff: D. E. Brew’er, J. S. Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Sowanls. ... Cocfi Slatf: Sally Roall, Charlotte Ha.ss, Joan Lauer, Elaine ' Ahn-r.s, Business Staff Coed Rusinovs Manager: Julia Martin. Adverti-sinir Managers: J. M. Wright, D. L. Johnson; J. Petty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. ..A.ct«.unts Manager: Trena Torrenga. , Juniur Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, Jane Keim.
The Purdue Independent
Kdltor-in-Chief Managing Editor Rii.siness Manager Coed Editor Advertising Manager.. Accounts Manager Circiilatipri Manager...
Dave Barta Ed Humphrey . ..Elwin Welbaum ....Roberta Kessler Scott Brown George Paine ..Harold Hendricks
Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Vermilion I)a> Ed.tor: Cnylor
Sports Editor: Shryer Issue Editor: Abbett
Reporters: Ihidson. Cliflo'rd, Stephenson, Tyson, Wilbur, Iiiiin. liayrics, Hadl(y. Murpl.y. Entered as second class n^utter at the post office in Lafayl.ti'. Indiap.a, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, ii<! .'ll the special rale of postage provided for in section art of October 3, 1917, authorized* January 20, 1922. ubllslud on Tuesday, Thui*sday, Friday and Sunday mornings urin glhc year. Delivered locally ly carrier for $1.75 for a .‘fueidri' :or .?3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a ni-.s-er or -^3.50 for two semester.s, i;n))ii'. r Mue.-r ter; mailed subscription $1.50. U. pr. st.nled for national advertising by National AdvertisTp- S rvic", - Ihc.. . Colb'ge Publi.shers Uepreiientatives, 420 laciison Ave., New York; N. Y.
Are We Going To Win? “Hell, Ye,s”, say.s every other tree on the campu.s. Tonight and tomorrow the senior.s and the second .semester juniors, not to mention all the lads Uncle Sam may choose for= his very own, will have their la.st chance to roar ‘‘Hell, Yes” before they start viewing their football with the more dignified eyes of alumnihood. Tonight the entire football team will attend the pep SG.ssioh looking for in.spiration and encouragement from the students, inspiration that ha.sd.)een so very noticeably absent from all tlie games we have played—except the Nprthwe^ern game, which we won. Tpinorrow the Old Oaken Bucket will com,e home to Ross-Ade Stadium following a too long captivity by the Jordan River. Its chances of staying here where it belongs with another “P” added to the chain will increase in direct proportion to the enthusiasm with which the Boilermaker student body .shouts “Hell, . Yes” tonight and ' tomorrow afterhioon.—s.r.b.
Its. Mar key, Montgomery, Gray ... Lt. Lawrence E. Markey, Lt. Clifford I. Mont-Sionic-i y and, Lt. Robert N. Gray, all former students of ihe Univojrsity, received navigator wings and second lieutenants’ commissions in the United States Army Air Force. They are graduates of the navigation cla.ss at the AAF Navigation School, Hondo, Tex. 'J'hcy art- now ready for assignment to active duty with tile Army Air Force. Lt. Gray and Lt. Markey both it-ceived BS, degrees at the University.
n H. Skinner, jr.
Cuar duty a ted lime and ' wai edut
as been commis.sioned as a Lieutenant in the rtilleiy of the U. S. Army. He will report for Fort Eustis, Va. Lieut. Skinner was gradum the University in 1933, and served for some assistant extension editor of the University r as extension editor for the state of Delaor the past several years he has been in visual 111 woi k, making his headquarters in Delawai'e.
Corp. Paul E. ScoH
... has been advanced,to the rank of sei'geant in a ii'.dd urlilleiy observation battalion. Scott, a resident of lHdiaiiu]jolis, was a former student of the Univer- : i(y. lie v.'orked at The Kingan and Co. packing house in, 1 .sdianapoli.s before enteiing the army in 19'12.
Lf. Thomas Mann . . . a freshman in tlie School of Agriculture in 1938t;9. and former 4-H chanijiion, has seen action on (fur.dalcanal where he i.s a pilot in the Marine Flying Chilis.
L?". Matfhew Kennedy ... g'laduate of ’41 from the ME School, has seen active si.-i-vice at Guadalcanal; He enlisted during Augy.'d following ills graduation and became a freighter pilot in tlie Mai'ine Flying Corps.
Pilof Cadet'N. S. Hill ... of Trenton, N. J., was recently commissioned a Second Lieutenant in the Ai my Ait' Force. He completed his training at Tufiiei' Field, Albany, Ga., where h’e received his wings and commis.sion. , it ■ ■ |.h Theodore Harriman i ■ . . mechanical engineer and Delta Chi member, is now with troop.s in Iceland where he is serving in the leld artillery. He entered the army after graduating troip the University in 194L y
qiKi VMSHIHCTOH •tm U S P.l Oil MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW PEARSON Red Tape Slasher Dismissed * For Speeding Goods To Russia; New African Trade Outlook WASHINGTON—On NoV. 2, this column reported an incident inside the War Production Board in which Emory Brennerman had cut red tape to speed the shipment of oil refining equiprrient to Russia. With its oil supplies cut off in the CaucasuSj_Russia has wanted to set up refineries behind the lines, and President Roosevelt issued a directive-Oct. 10 that oil equijiment move immediately. So Brennerman, finding that the Russian oil documents were not rnoving, carried them to the Treasury, urged Treasury. Procurement officials to act. Then he found two officials in his own War Production Board who had snarled up the Russian shipments. He reminded them that the President of the United States and WPB’s vice chairman Ferd Eberstadt both had dem'anded that Russian oil equipment move immediately. But the two WPB men did not move easily. “You put your judgment against that of the President, and against Mr. Eberhardt,” said Brennerman. “And you didn’t take the trouble to tell them you disr agreed with them. You just sat there ignoring their orders.” But following publication of the column describing this incident, Mr. Brennerman, the man who cut red tape, was fired. Donald Nelson instructed his counsel .John Lord O’Brian to notify Brennerman of his dismissal. • Don'f Cuf* Red Tape On the surface, the incident may not be important. But backstage, it has had alarming repei'cussions. Word has trickled all through the War Production Board that Brennerman, the man who tried to carry out Roosevelt’s orders, the man who tried to speed production, got fired. So the reaction on, other employees has been—^sit tight, don’t cut red tape, let things drift. Nelson has fired a lot of little fellows because they got too much publicity—Fred Libbey, Guthrie, Guy Holcomb of the Little Business branch of the .lustice Department. But they had opposed him openly, and most of them were New Dealers. However, Brennetman, though a small cog in the WPB machine, comes from a staunch Republican oil and banking family. Furthermore, he was trying to carry out orders, not oppose Nelson. Nevertheless, he got fired. So the private word inside the WPB now is; “Don’t stick your neck out like Brennerman.” • Golden Bullets in Africa Not many pbopl'e noticed it, but during the North African troop-landing, U. S. gold was put to use for the first time since 1933, when Roosevelt froze all gold in the Treasury and bi'ought forth the famou.s “rubber dollar”. ' Lt. Gen. Mark W. Clark let the cat out of the bag when he told how his boat upset just after his secret rendezvous with French military leaders and $18,000 in gold coin went to the bottom of the sea. Obviously, U. S. forces were taking a lesson from the sage Chinese custom of using “silver bullets” (silver dollars). “Silver bullets/’ say the Chinese, “save many lives.” For a long time the idea of using some of Ft. Knox’ idle gold to loosen up North Africa had been discussed, and had been proposed in this column. However, Treasury officials, and for a while also the State Department, were opposed.How much was left ashore, before Gen. Clark spilled the $18,000 overboard, i|s not known. • Senator Wherry Of Nebraska Immediately after Senator Gdorge Norris was defeated for his sixth term in the Senate, he wrote a very cordial congratulatory letter to the man who defeated him. Republican Kenneth Wherry. “Your plurality is decisive and complete,” Senator Norris wrote. Then he added, with a touch of very human candidness, that he ,Norris, had hoped to stay in the Senate through the end of the war, to put into effect some of his ideas for a lasting peace treaty. But he added: “In our democracy all loyal citizens abide by the result of an election—honestly and fairly held—and your election possessed both these qualities.” It was the type of friendly, human letter which only Norris can write. In reply came a letter not even signed by SenatorElect Wherry, but bearing the initials “PK”, his secretary. It read: “This will acknowledge your letter received on Nov. 9 extending congratulations.” • New African Trade While War and Navy experts are delighted with the new military outlook in North Africa, State Department officials are gleeful over the economic consequences. North Africa, and to some extent West Africa, have been important sources of foodstuffs and othei- supplies for the Axis, including grain, wine, wool, vegetable oils, and strategic materials such as iron ore, manganese, cobalt, and phosphates. The lack of these soui'ces will he a bitter blow to Germany and Italy, and, by a twi.st of fate, a still more tragic lo.ss to France. Though the Axis took the lion’s share of the African re:5ources, 20 pei' cent was permitted to go to Fi'anee, and tihe lack of these products, especially food, will give France—as one State Department official expresses it—“a winter of plain hell.” ’ If United Nations get control of the Mediterranean, they will be able to move African supplies to the Near East for .soldier.s and civilians. At present food supplies for this region come largely from the United States. But now they should come from Morocco and other African points, thus relievint'', the strain on U. S. shipping. . The United States may resume commerce with Africa by taking a few strategic materials such as cobalt and cork, but for the most part Africa’s supplies will he used around the Mediterranean. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Sweden’s most famous conservative student society, the Heimdal society at Upsala university, has adopted a change in regulations according to which Nazi sympathizers cannot belong to the society. Research in methods of storing high-octane gasoline and preventing its detei'iorutioii is in progre.ss at the University of Texas.
GRIN AND BE^R rr
By Lickty
Jin, JJtB, Personnel Notes-
West Lafayette Baptist Church Rev. Joseph Baird Gleason, Minister and Pastor of Students Cor. Columbia <fe Chauneey Sts. 9:30—Roger Williams Cla.ss. Rev. Joseph Bail'd Gleason will be the teacher. (10:35—Church Worship Service. There will be a special Thanksgiving service. There will be music by the choir with Mrs, A. F. Price directing and Arthur Jacklin, organist. 6:30—-Roger Williams Foundation Fellowship Hour. 6:00—Supper, 15c. 6:30—Forum Hour. Eugene Byer will, speak on “^^^'What It Is All About.” 7:30—Loyalty Glass will present a pageant, “Thanksgiving Through the Aages” in Cynthia Jopes Hall.
“'Ihis man would like an occupational deferment until December 25th—says he’s a Santa Clause at one of the department , ' stores.” . : r , . >
University Presbyterian Church North Street near Grant Saturday, 8 p. m.—Get Acquainted Party. Sunday, 9 a. m.—Sunday school. Dr. Graves’ class to discuss sixth chapter of Mark. 10:30 a. m.—Church Service..Sermon topic, “Thanking God I’liat We Are Not Like Other Men.”' . 6 p. m.—Sunday Evening Club.
Companies to 'visit campgus:
Magnolia Petroleum Co., Dallas, Texas—November 20. Interested in
BS, MS and PhD Chemists.
Lever Bros. Co., Hammond, Indiana—November 24. Interested in women chemists. ' . Holley Carburetor Co„ Detroit/ ' Michigan—November 25. Interested in ME. Sign in Personnel Office.' The National Defense Research Committee, New Yoi’k City, 'will have a representative op the campus Friday, November 20> to intei’view December ME and EE, Sigh in
Personnel Office at once.
Mr. H. J. Middleditch, Personnel Manager, Holley Carburetor Co,, Detroit, Michigan, will be on campus Wednesday, November 26, .to interview December and April Mechanical Engineers for field engineering and service and aircraft carburetor research development and design. Holley^ Carburetor Co', is one of two companies supplying aircraft carburetors in the United States at the present time. For further information, inquire at the Per-
sonnel Office immediately. ,
University Calendar Friday, November 20
10:00 A.M. Ind. Cattle Feeders' Convention.,;.Pavilion, Uni. Farm 4:00.P.M;. Cosmopolitan Club .i. Room 304, Union 7:30 P.?J. Playshop Production ...1 Eliza Fowler Hail 8:30 P.M. Mixer South Ballroom,,Union Saturday/November 21 11:00 A.M, Pe.st Control Opei'ators....... Room 14, Ag Hall 2:00 P.M. Football—riuliana Ro.s.s-Ade Stadiunr 7:30 P.M. Playshop Production Eliza Fowler Hall 8:30 P.M. Mixer ;.. ..... ........South Ballroom, Union
The Ratio
ARMY GAINS TANKER Character Bob Seeburgor finally left for the army. The D. U. House, is ready to take the \-/. C. T. IJ. pledge. . SPEED DEMON DAVIS A newly initiated Theta Chi, Dean Davis, broke all. existing records Sunday morning by putting his pin on Evangeline Fuhrman of Ball State, after having it for exactly one hour and twenty minutes.
STANDING ROOM ONLYU It was a plenty-big-night in the Alpha Chi Passion Pit Sunday night. In fact there was a line clear up to the front door, and every time one couple came up i for air another dived in. Boy this cold weather does present its little problein.s, doc.sn’t it?
lucky man is none other than A1 vVmlei'son of the Phi Psi hoys. BALLAD OF SOI'OFORIITC ABSORPTION Ho! Ho! Yes! Ye.s. It’s all very-'well. You may drunk, I am think, but I tell you I’m not; I’ni as sound as a fiddle and as fit as a ball,. And :’itable. quite ill to see whiit’s what. Funder do stand you surprise a got When I headed my .smear with a •iaui;. And I’ve sAvallovved, I grant, a beer of a lot— But I’m not so think as you drunk I am.
Purdue Christian Foundation Sunday Program At the Church Building— 6th & Noi'th Sts., Lafayette 9:30—Student Class. Hubert Reynolds, University Pa.stor, will speak on the sutiject, “Thankful for What?” ■ .10:40—Chureli Worship Service. The Rev. Doyle Mullen will preach. At 131 S. Grant .5:00 —15a Supper. Get your money’s worth with tliis .special kind of fellowship. 5:45—S'unday Evening Forum. Prograin include.^ recreation, .singing, .(li.scu.ssion, Vo.sper:s. .Special “Radio Broadcast.” Como, and get better acquainted. Close promptlj' at 7:30. , Sunday Sorvice-s at We.sloy Foundation 9:30 a. mu.—The .St'udent Cla.ss. (1) 3'ho Christian Roots of Democracy, Rev. E. R. Balsloy. (2) Letter Writing- in the. N. T., Prof. J. T. Gunn. (3) Building the World Chri.stian Felloiv.shij), Mi.s.s Clara Jakc.s. 10:40 a. m.—Morning woi‘pl!ip at. the Church.' Sermon by l.)r. Otto ,Scott Steele, “Tragedy ami Thanksgiving.” ' 5:15 p. rn,—Wc.sley Vespers. .Suppei' will be served at 25c. Discussior: will be led by Catherine Jane Wai‘r.en and Dick Neal. The |)lay, “Mud Walls,” by Hu.gh Moran will bo presented as‘the closing worsliip serv-
ice.
Pontiac Motor Division, .G.M.C., Pontiac, Michigan—ME,,-^/E. .Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, November., 21. ' , , Aerosica Aircraft Corporation, Middletown, Ohio—ME, AE.„ Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, November 21. Joint Meteorological Recruiting Board, University of Chicago— Juniors and seniors for courses in meteorology. For further information, inquire at tlie Personnel Office. Koppers Company, Baltimore, Maryland—Tinterested in December and April AeroE. Sign in Personnel
Office.
GOOD PRINTING at PAINLESS PRICES More Style for Less Money Kane's Pript Shop 401/S. 291h St. Phone S:
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S ' ,
Jf XX-
Olan Hills Studio (Distinctive Portraiture) 20,5 East State «-
Phone 34:13 ■
A-★ ifr * ★ ★ ★-A-★ ★ ★ A -It ★★ ★ ★ MAM
,5 DAYS
Starring Tomoriro’tv
REBOUNDS Kappa Sig Phil Woolery seems to have gotten his hai’dware back from Freshman Joan Irons. Quite bighearted Phil, I think all freshman gilds should he able to date around— and on the ql t. I like the Thetas. How about this .spiritual love, Joan ?
SHE DOOD IT AGAIN Perennial pin snatcher Lynn Fifield, pride of the Thetas, for her umpteenth time took a pin. 'The
LUMA -TODAY - TOMOROW-
STISSISINCS 'ACTION2 ROARSMG THRliLLS!
CAESAR ROMERO RICARDO CORTEZ in ROMANCE OF THE RIO GRANDE'
ilmfcl
LATEST PATHE NEWS
la A ill —TODAY - TOMOROW— DOUBLE- FEATURE SHPS OUT FOR NO GOOD!
FAYE EMEIiSOK ■ JULIE BISHOP - FRAHK WILCOX • II0LJI.HI) DREW : —PLUS —
STARTS MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
Camouflage is being taught at Queens college and Columbia university in New York.
with LYNNE ROBERTS GEORGE HOLMES
MM¥£I?£
JACK LONDON'S Great Story of Terror Afloat EDV/. G. ROBINSON IDA LUPINO JOHN GARFIELD —, in — "THE SEA WOLF"
TODAY TOMORROW
llfliiLI0liS M LWED ... here’s another grand, timely entertainment!
IS SHE A KID . . . OR BS SHE KSDD8N'?
RmEm at Mim kests
mim ROOERS BRdRAY umm
THEWSB must MBS. HADlElf with Edwasd ARNOLD Fay BAINTER HICHARD NEY * JEAN ROGERS SARA ALLGOOb • SPRING RYINGTON • VAN JOHNSON ISOREL ELSOM FRANCES RjlFFERTY DOROTHY MORRIS WAR BONOS ON SALE HERE
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
':K'4)
IS \ 0, V Friday, November 20, 1942
Boilermaker Sports
Pdg^ 3
Bucket Battle Closes RiV^er Gridiron Season
^ Forty-Fifth Renewal Of Hoosier Civil
S pbrts Communique C!! By Bob Hadley
f %
Congratulations are due the Pi K A touchball team, which giabbed the mterfrateinity touchball championship Wednesday afternoon, nosing out the Phi Gams by the narrow margin of 7-6, in an oveitimfe contest The Pi K A’s came through the season with only one defeat, and that in doubt
because of an officialing erior Nice goin’’
We Can’t think oTf anything else to say to procrastinate further in the ihatter of our weekly sally into the unknown of football forecasting, so here goes We ought to have some luck and it can’t all be
hftd, probably
We heal from heie and there that the Michigan Wolverines are going to loll ovei the Buckeyes of Ohio State tomoriow In fact we hear it ftohi so many places that we think theie is a possibility that we might l?e wrong in taking Ohio But we’ll take the high scoiing Buckeyes, and just to show how sure we are, we’ll give ’em a big maigin 21 20 The Ifi^h meet pore ol’ Northwestern, and while they say records don’t codtit in this annual contest, we’ll trail along with Notre Dame,
19-14
Twice beaten Minnesota plays once beaten Wisconsin and it looks from here like our coin says Minnesota so we’ll guess it at 9 7 While Iowa takes a rest, the Great Lakes Bluejackets journey down to meet Illinois The Sailors have been going more oi less like a house Ufire ahd have not been scored upon in the last four oi five games, while garnering more than 100 points for themselves Illinois has a tough outfit this year, buhnot like the Bluejackets when they eut lopse Unless the gang from Great Lakes suddenly has * another curjouk relapse, they should take the Illini by 21 6 i We |iave official information fium no less reliable a source that the Boileimakei football team that Indiana is going to get trimmed in to morrow’s annual battle foi the “Old Oaken Bucket” Hillenbrand and Company aie coming up here with an easy victoiy in the back of their rpinds, and awarded a two touchdown advantage by a lot of sports ob s^rveis We think they aie going to need any advantage they may have afnd a lot they don’t have and aren’t going to get, to stop the Riveteis in this final diive to salvage a season When the last play is over tomorrow in Ross Ade Stadium, they can get to work in the shop whgre the “P’s” are forged, because the ^scote js giing to be 13 6, in tavor of the Boilermakers INTRAMURALS
War Finds Indiana As Ranking Favorite
At Stake Tomorrow
^The winners in the Intoi Class Tpnnis Tournament are as follows Freshman Tournament—Bob Wells, wtnnei, John Rodgeis runnei up Sophomore Toui nament — Jack Cohen, winner, M J Gardner, lun ner-up Junior Senior Tournament —C Ghiistensen, i^innei, M I Afidgrson, runner up
All Fiaternities who do not as yet have their enti y blanks for the All.^tar Touchball Team in to the Intiamuigl Office, please do so iin mediately No blanks will be accept ed after Satuiday noon Nov 21
BASKETBALL
Monday Night Nov 23 Court 1— Don Sprague
Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Gary Hall 6 vs Caiy Hall 7 Cary Hall 4 vs Gary Hall 5
Court 2—-Stanley Ben? Ward 2B vs Ward 30 Wait! 3 vs Waid 29 Ward 5 vs Waid 28 Ward 6A vs Ward 27
Couit 3—Oscar Fiediickson
00 Wlid 6E vs 26 15 Wlid lOA vs 23
7 00 7 15 8 10 7 00 7 15 8 10 8 25
8 10 Waid 9 vs 24 8 25 Ward (jC vs 25
Crush The Hoosiers!
Cross-Country Squad Off For Last Meet; National Intercollegiate Crown, Goal Tomorrow the cross county team Will run its last meet of the current season, in which they will complete foi the National Intercollegiate crown Last year the Riveter sii'uad came in thud in this meet This year they are hoping to do better The meet was first held a few yeais ago, and will be held as usual on the Michigan State course, which is in East Lansing, Michigan The starting time will be
11 o’clock Satuiday morning Chuck Duesler will again lead the team into battle Accompanying him will be Kenny Lynch, Ed Seward and Jim
STOCK UP for Victory
SPECIAL PRICE lor “Duration”
WAR BONDS
WAR BONDS BOY PLANES
and
Ashwell These foui will be accom panied by a fifth man not yet choseu Out To Beat I U Dueslei finished foiiith last Mon day as the team took thud place in tlje Western Confeience meet in Chicago Kenny Lynch was the sec ond Boileimakei to finish his posi tion was numbei eleven Otheja to scoie in the lace weie Jim Ashwell, Ed Sewaid and Dan el Roach Mitchell and Labotl a of Indiana and Dunn of Illinois weie fiist across the finish line The team has had a gool season winning all but two ol then meets both being dropped to the Iloosieis Mitchell was the leadei in these two meets, so it loots as though the football team is not the only Rivetei squad out after the
Indian 1 boys
I ive Riveteis In Meet Coach Phillips plans to take only (ive men to this meet in place of the usu il '=evcn men, because of the ficsint transportation difficulties The Icim will arrive in East Lan sing this allcinoon in time for a light woikout over, the course on which the regul u meet will be held Ihe team will h ive short rest after this meet then they start on m door track The prospects for the eoniiii„ season look promising with nany licshmcn giving the varsity plenty of competition Bob Mans iu id IS a fi osh miler that looks plen ty oood ind his position will be till <'ileiicd by many other good fi eshm in rnilers
Seniors Play Last Game For Boilermakers By Jack James In the titular battle with Indiana, Saturday, there will be thirteen Boilermaker seniors who will be playing in their last college grid non classic For three years these lads have been giving up many liberties so that they could represent the Gold and Black on the field These boys have participated in two tilts with the Hoosiers and have gone down in defeat for two con secutive years The Texan Talks Yours truly was anxious to find out what the senior gridders thought about our chances in the battle with Indiana Saturday, so a tour was conducted and resulted thusly Fred “Tex” Smerke was first on the list Fred is a senior wingman on the Burnham squad and IS the leading pass snagger around these parts ‘Tex” will be captain for the Hoosier tilt and when he heard our question, he replied, “With the spirit our boys havO shown in practice this week, it 11 take 22 of those Hoosiers to beat us ” Fred is leaving for the Army An Corps after football season IS over and our loss will be a definite gam for th^ man with the
whiskers
Next we approached Bruce Warren, veteran tackle who graduates in May He said, “Because of per foimances this season, most of the students doubt if we can crush Indiana, but you 11 see a new team out there Saturday and were out for a Hoosier scalp ” Bruce leaves his education next spring
We Hope So Forrest
William Powers and Forrest McCaffry vere the next victims Powers said “We sure are due for a win and Indiana is a logical target ” McCaffry came forth with a loud Well give ’em plenty of hell” Thei e wei e no women pr esent So we excused Forrest and^ttUrselves as we wandered haplessly onward Leaning on the tackle dummy, we found that Crown Point prodigy. La Vein King LaVein said that he has been on the injured list during the last two lU games, but he hopes to get in there Satuiday and show the Hoosiers how the Boilermakers play ball when the Old Oaken Bucket IS at stake King leaves us in May and will go into the Army
All Corps as an engineer
William Buffington anj Tony Beito were next on the list “Buff” said ‘ WeVe got the kind of spirit that will cany us through to vie toiy ’ Beito came out with, “My Aunt and Uncle are from lU and I’m going to give my best to avoid embaiiasgment at home ’ Both of these lads are in the Navy’s V 7 Vincent Snyder came along and stated “Anyone who bets on In diaiia will lose plenty ot money ’ Rod y’ is m the Mamie Reserves I rank Ruggieii said ‘ The way the student body is backing us, we can’t lose ’ Frank is also in V 7 Leugo, commonly known as Alex believes that it will be a tough battle with the Boilermakers ekeing out a close
PROBABLE LINEUPS
PURDUE
" Pos
INDIANA
McCaffry
LE
Walker
O’Bryan
LT
.Zimny
Barwegen
LG
Brown
Hurrle
C
Tavener
Ruggieri
RG
Deal
French
RT
Bell
Smerke
RE
Pibos
Hajzyk
QB
Lon Saban
Smock
LH
Hillenbrand
Andretich
RH
Cowan
Bachmann
FB
White CO
OFFICIALS—Referee, Lyle Clarno, Bradley,
umpire, Ernest Vick,
Michigan, field judge.
Roy Knipschild, Chicago,
head linesman, John
Wolverines, OSU To Battle Saturday Before Large Crowd
Wilson, Ohio State
BROADCASTS—WB A A, Purdue, WO WO, Fort Wayne; WIRE, WFBM and WISH, Indianapolis, WBOW, Terre Taute, WASK, Lafayette, WJOB, Hammond, WGBF, Evansville TIME OF GAME—2 P M (CWT)
By Jim Ackerman
Season records will be tossed in the winds here tomorrow as the Riveter gridiron hopefuls stack up against favored Indiana in the forty-fifth renewal of Hoosierdom’s gridiron civil war in which past performances have seldom had much bearing in determining the eventual victor Judging from the advance ticket sale, a crowd of 20,000 or 25,000 is expected, although « plenty of seats will be avail-
able at Ross-Ade Stadium at
game time
Few traditional football contests have retained the true collegiate atmosphere that surrounds the Riveter-Hoosier se-
The fate of the 1942 Big Ten ries, which was inaugurated in 1891 Clown may be unfolded at Colum and has proceeded to this day with bus, Ohio, before an expected only four minoi interrupations, one thiong of 75,000 spectators The oe- of them due to World War I In the casion will be the titanic struggle 44 games played to dat^, the Boilerbetween two of the nation’s stiong- makers have leturned victorious 24 er teams, namely Michigan and times, Indiana 15 times, and there Ohio State have been five ties Future Will Tell Indiana Ranks As Favorites A Buckeye victory will mean that Although Indiana, with a brilbant the future of the diadem will be backfield ai ray that has Bill Hillensealed It will spend the next year brand and Lou Saban as outstandadoimng a trophy case m the Ohio ing stars, admittedly deserves the State stionghold On the other favoiite i ole, the Riveters’none too hand, a Wolverine win will throw stable hopes of springing an upset the situation into depths of con aie somewhat buoyed by the lecords fusion which the confeience hasn’t of the series since the Old Oaken seen since the 1928 season Bucket became the trophy of the Foi the puipose of confusing' the chase in 1925 In the Bucket rivalry, leadeis, let us suppose that Ohio the Hoosieis, who have been restate IS beaten by the boys fiom turned victoiious for the past two Ann Aiboi If this is the case, no yeai s, have never been able to chalk less than five teams can have a up three in a row hand in the confei ence pie By beat Coach Elmer Burnham has been mg Minnesota, Wisconsin can make gioommg his Boilermakers for an a four one finish and if Michigan is all out aerial assault that might successful against both the Buck possibly produce some surprises, eyes and Iowa, it will win oi tie for Buinham hopes to have Ken Smock, the championship But supose the veteran left halfback, back in fullBadgers lose to the Gophei s and time action, and there is a possibility after a week’s lay off Iowa should that Bob Hajzyk, one of the Boileicome up to whale Michigan which maker sparks, may be able to start likely won’t be in tip top foi maftei at quarterback after a two week successive games against Notre layoff due to a tackle shoulder Dame and Ohio If this happens, Stram Is Out
the championship would be shared by Minnesota, Iowa, and the Buck
The Riveteis’ already slim hopes took another slap in the face when
eyes on the foui two basis Or, Heniy Stram, veisatile midget left should Michigan lose to both Ohio halfback, who has been the spark of and Iowa and Wisconsin win fiom the offense on the last two starts, Minnesota then the Badgeis would was put out of action by a knee inhave the championship all to them- jury suffered in Wednesday’s scrim- •
selves Thus, it can be easily seen, mage session
that the squad fiom Columbus can Examination of the knee revealed alleviate the confusion gieatjly by a serious ligameift injury which newinning next Satuiday cessitated a cast, definitely ending One Defeat his football career for the season Each of these giidiion titans has Stiam is the second key player lost (See WOLVERINES, OSU, page 4) by injury this week, a dislocated ' — ' ■' shoudler removing Chailes Hams, and met Bill Shimei, the Southpoit versatile end and quarterback, from pioduct He wasn’t very anxious to the playing roster Tuesday comment, but said, “We’ll do oui Yesterday evening the Boilermakbest ” Walter Cook, the remaining ers had a compaiatively light worksenioi on the list, came trotting up out on both offense and defense ds and said that he was confident of Coach Burnham sought to muster
le a Boileimakei victory We hope it the best possible combination for Glowing weaiy, we trudged on tuins out that way Walt the Old Oaken Bucket quest
STAMPS
REGULAR $25.00 WAR BOND
WAR BONDS BUY SHIPS
WAR BONDS BUY TANKS
YOU SAVE $6.25
WAR BONDS BUY GUNS
BUY WAR BONDS AT YOUR BANK OR POST OFFICE BUY 10c AND 25c WAR STAMPS AT PIGGLY WIGGLY
For the Strength of a PURDUE BOILERMAKER eat where the food is of fine quality! Maintain your health by eating well-cooked meals that do not lose their food value!
Eat at the Purdue Union
COFFEE SHOP
Jhi fijuUidusL WjumrdaL lAnmn. Just take a walk through the building! ^
«jid f^Li ^ ^ ’i ' ’'w i ^ ^ " " '’*' li'Mt^''’'
'^i'i
m:'
^
P$fdu^ Escpiment
^tidt cHooLin^ By Jack Abbett and Jim Richardson V The fact that the West Coast of Ptance is a second Sigfried Lifite seems to be causing Hitler the greatest worry he has had ih many a night. He remembers that the French had such a line and that he could not penetrate it but had to carry out a flanking movement to get - around it. —■--" t— "*—" . -
Levant
Thiais just the same condition which now exists, with Norway and the Mediterranean coasts of France, Italy and the Balkans being the flanking states.
Debaters
(Continued from page 1) of the University Playshop.
Conference Opens
, The debate conference opened ofCutting across the Sahara Desert ficially yesterday morning with a is a force of ten thousand Free general session of the South BallErench and U. S. maintenance men, et the Union. At this session whose job is to cut Rommel and his P^ed H. Eichhorn, chairman of the shattered Afrika Korps from the Indiana Public Service Commission, Gemanforces operating in Tunisia, acting as presiding officer of the This happens to be the third trip student “Senate” that is being held such a force of Free Frenchmen at the conference, and James M. have ventured into the worst heat m Knapp, Speaker of the House in the the world to attack the Germans Indiana State Legislature, acting as
presiding officer at the student “House of Representatives” were
introduced to the debaters. Attend C«dlege Debate
During the afternoon committee meetings were held for the “Legis-
and Italians along the coast of the
Mediterranean.
•!■ + t
Southern Senators from below Dixie have been up to one of the favorite tricks of our Congress, try-
ing to talk a proposed bill to death. lative Assembly,” and sectional The bill is the one attempting to do meetings on dramatics and radio awuy with one of the greatest evils ^ere presented for the other memof our democracy, the one on the ^ers of the convention. At 3 p. m. Poll Tax. Many of the opposing members of the high school conferSenators are “lame ducks” and are attended a debate between trying to hinder the action that the varsity collep debate teams from majority of Senators want because University and Ohioi State, of their defeat for re-election. Louis Cohen and George Zissis rep-
resented the University, and Burton Williams and John Bonner spoke for the Buckeyes. No decision was
announced.
(Continued from page 1) further than the Twentieth Century, and that he would take nothing that had been written during the past
few years.
Eleminates Own Composition Modestly eiiminatihg his own composition, “Afterglow”, he then nominated for immortality: “Stardust”, “St. Louis Blues”, “The Last Round-Up”, “When Day Is Done”, “My Blue Heaven”, “Alexander’s Ragtime Band”, “Dinah”, “12th Street Rag” and “Bugle Call Rag”. Most embarrassing experience of Phil Levant’s musical career was the time when a new pair of ballroom dancers was adfled to the program leaving no time for rehearsal. However, Phil passed out the parts, confident that his versatile musicians could accompany the dancers without a rehearsal. They thought so too, which is why none of them would stop when he discovered that half the band was playing in a different key. Finally, Levant stopped the playing and finished the dance accompaniment on
his viola.
Maury Mahns "fio Play For Unidit Mixer Union dffioials ha'Ve not yet announced the theme for tomorrow’s mixer, but hope that it may have for its theme “The Gold and Black Victory Mixer.” Maury Mahns and his feampus orchestra will play for the dance which will begin at 8:30 a. m. and last until 11:30. Tickets will he |1.10, tax included. Levant and his orchestra “with distinctive smoothness” has played for the Trianon ballroom in Chicago, the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati, and the Plantation Club in Houston and Dallas. They are heard regularly over the radio networks of NBC, CBS and MBS. Union Chaijiges Plans The Union has announced that the change of bands is due to a last minute arrangement for a permanent booking of Joe Sandeis’ band.
Notices
Alt Students: There are still some University Directories left. As long as the supply lasts, any student, who has not already obtained a copy, may get one by calling at the Registrar’s office and presenting hiS pdssport. —RALPH B. STONE, Registrar
Rally
(Continued from page 1) to show by their cheers and spirit that they are backing the Riveters to the limit against the boys from lU. The victory bell which usually appeal's at pep rallies has disappeared, but it will be on display if efforts to find it are successful before Friday night. Return From Mudlavia Plans have been made to meet the team on Saturday afternoon .rfter they return from Mudlavia, and escort them to the Fieldhouse in a pep parade. All students are especially urged to turn out for this parade to send the team into the tilt confident of the wholehearted support of the students. The parade to meet the team will form at the southeast corner of the Union at 12:20. Spirit can v in the game Satin day against the Boilermakers’ aicli foes, and it is up to the eds and coeds to show that spirit. Now is the time to prove “Doe” Anderson’s statement. “Sure we can beat ’em!” ARE WE GOING TO WIN ? HELL YES! Wolverines, OSU (Continued from page 31 only one blemish on their season’s record. Ohio State took a back seat to the tune of 17 to 7 when they journeyed up to Camp Randall Stadium to meet Elroy Hirsch, Pat Harder, and the bold Badgers of Wisconsin. This was the only game this season in which the Buckeyes have been held to less than three touchdowns. The Wolverines tasted their only bit of defeat this year when they crossed swords with Berme Bierman’s Iowa Seahawks and came away nursing the wounds of a 26 to 14 shellacking. In preparation for the coming encounter, Ohio turned in a 44 to 20 victoiy over Illinois last Saturday. By scoring these 44 markers, the Buckeyes boosted their season’s total to 275 points. In i oiling up this remarkable total, they have aveiaged more than 300 yards per game. In their last two times out, the men coached by Paul Blown have gainered a total of 1,000 y.irds, both overland and by the sky route. Two of Bi own’s ^moie potent backs, Paul Saiiuighaus and Gene Fekete, each are high up among the leaders in Big Ten .scoring. Michigan Iron Men Fiom the Michigan point of view, we see a tale of a team of iron men. Coach P'litz Ciisler made only two lUci.ioi substitutions in last week’s clash with Notie Dame and still '.ame out on the long end of a 32 o 20 score. The Wolverines, more than any other team in the Big Ten, depend on 60 minutes of action from her men. This will not tend to have them in tip-top condition when the opening whistle is blown. Individually, Michigan has Flanks and Ceithaml to theii credit. Flanks has been spending 60 minutes each game at the guard post and has always turned in a bang-up job. Many exjierts late him high up on the list of this season’s guaid.s. Ceithaml i.s anothei who has had a full time job each Saturday this year. He opeiates fiom the quai’teiback slot. The general concensus of opinion states that he is one of the Big Ten’s handiest men in the signal calling department.
Buy War Bunds And Stamps!
If Yum Want Good .^Work On Your Garments SEE JOE'S TAILOR SHOP STATE fr CHAUNCEY
YOUNG LADY for full time, or minimum half time, assistant bookkeeping position. Apply Southworth’s mornings.
DANCING CLASSES NOW BEING ORGANIZED NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL BEGINNER'S Tues.J Nov. 2A, 7:00 P.M. ADVANCED Friday, Nov. 27, 7:00 P.M. PHONE 2150
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Expert Repair Service SOUTHWORTH^S
ALLEN’S
6tli & Ferry
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Tiae, Jheae^ t She probably would, but why make her — be smooth-—
All ROTC Students: New regulation concerning "‘Make-up” for absence from Military classes is posted on Armory Bulletin Board. All ROTC students should read this regulation duiing their next hour in the Armory. —pRAHAM Navy V-7: ouniors and seniors who are assembling papers supporting their request foi enlistment in V-? who are under 21 years of age must submit three copies of parents consent properly notarized. Copies of this form (Navy 400) may be obtained at my office. —KNAPP All Male Students: Enlistments in the Enlisted Reseive Corps of the Army closes on Docembor 31, 1942. If you desire to enlist and have not yeSt applied, your application should be placed immediately in Room B4 in the basement of the Armory.
—GRAHAM
Sept.-Oct. Code Group: Qualification Certificates may be obtained in the Supply Room in the Armory by thbse students of the September-October Code Group that qualified at 0 w p rn*. or better. , —HEST^RBERG
Buy War Bonds
sigma Dslta Chi PeldfteB t Please pay in- vembe^ 19, at 4 p. ftl
itiation fee to me on or before Tuesday, Nov. 24. It will be ithpossible to initiate anyone until ho has paid. —HADLEY Military Students: One of three boys who left a coat in a car in which they rode from near Lebanon to Lafayette on Sunday, Nov. 8, may obtain his coat by communicating with and identifying himself to Eolon E. Deal, 302 E. Jefferson St., Valparaiso, Ind.
—DEAL
i'raLeriiiLy jr'rvaiuvtii-B ■ xmaii community fun,4 immediately.Activitles BiWeaa SophomoMd
iors: Petitions for elhtttiont Will he one Friday, Nov. Z7, 1942. ildeflhg: of all sophomdrei hnd jt(iiib¥s !^ilft^ayi'’No-
■ ' • I. m the dUlceJ ,
-WOEHLKE
WAA: All Bills interested in a council position Ret petitions from desk in WAA Office immediately. Petitions must be turned in to Gail Hennis by Sat., NoV. 21.
-HENNIS
Eastern Star Coeds: The West Lafayette Chapter will entertain the Eastern Star Coeds Nov 24 at a special meetinR. Coed members tall my office, 6276, or home 61412, before that date. —PARKS Pistol Trsouts: The following students are leqiiested to report at,the Aimory at 4 p in.,-Monday, November 23, to try out for the pistol team • G. G. Clark, W. L. Davis, W Garbci, G O. Jaeckel, W. J. Lige, L. D McCreavy, J. S. Moore, P. T. Orr, E G PHa, E. Ratchford, J. R. Shoemaker and E. Winn. —BROWN Kappa Psi: Election of officers Tuesday, November 24, at 7 "30 in the Union Building. Attendance of all actives is imperative. —MERRICK
Enlisted, and. Commlsaloned BeadltVxa: All students Who hold reserve commissions or are members of the enlistid reserve in the Navy, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps arc requested to call at wy affifta in wfd Bltecq' tiOc Building at their OdhVenlSht hhforc November 26 tO supply inlOVjtaatiOti, Ife^ed to complete records. Those iVialtdted into V-1 and V-7 by special boards oft'NoVdIftber 12-18 and 17-18 need not report. “J' '
—W. A. KNAPP
. 4
Gimlet Club: Initiation Mondoi"night, November 23, at 8 p. m. at S. P. E. house. Bring towel’, paddle, fulLbOX attd ihlttUilon fee. No excuse for absence accepted. ^
—-pRASEtt
Silver Mask Peldged: Thera will be a meting in the fgneing room 1ft the Fieldhouse at 7:80 p. m.'- on Tuesday,,'NtfvUmber 24. Absentees will be lined 25 tents ea,oh. —SCWWBNKER Sigma Delta Chi: Initiation Tuesday, November 24, at 6:30 p. m, ih room 305 of th® Union. Banquet following at 6:20 Pi, m. in room 384. —ARMSTRONG Riflery: All girls have just one morp Week to make up riflery pcactibes. Each kirl iftfty ^hont only one target a night with inakeUps iSupsanni ijsnoam. jtupuopt aoj pftiHpeqoe nights trom 6:30 to 8:8G, -^‘^IL’BUB
Classified Ads
Money to loan on diamondB, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert's Loan Office, 407 Columbia. Typewriters—Adding Macnines, all makeB sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Miineograph work done. 0 J. Eberehoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost—IC & E Log Log Duplex Slide Rule Call Jeiry Moore. 71834 Reward. Wanted—Student*^ to work extra ns wait-er-i No expel lence necensarv Good pay Apply Elks Club Frank Lenihan, manager Overnight rooms, any time Phone 0410.
windY comers call for husky
CALL A
YELLDW CAB
DIAL 5023 - 3071
With the”bld jalc^py gas-rationed, we're going to spend a lot more time waiting for that street car or bus this winter.' Hart Schaffner & Marx must have seen it coming when they designed this new Winter, 1942, Rarepack overcoat. For here's a big, luxurious coat that all biit keeps 'em frying on teeth-chattering days. Rarepack's mohair-alpaca-wool combination prevents General Winter from breaking through. Despite the times, there are 25,184 hair fibers massed to the square inch... a sure-fire defense against the iciest blasts that ever came along while you were waiting for a street car. This Hart Schaffner & Marx coat not only keeps you snug. It also keeps you handsomely overcoated in a coat that has the long-weajring stamina you need these wintry days. The price is fifty dollars. r Other coats are priced $25.00 and up
< 1
if