si> '! rs.)'*! '''frjif'''. ’■
0m
^ i
P* f. Ill
^Mie VttSHIIMTOM Merry* 00* ROUKJ
Established 1889
xfianeHi ® Where’s the Army ?
EDITORIAL NOTES
That We Are
In The Army Now
Volume 55, No. 107
Purdue University, West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, March 19, 1941
By Drew Pearson Navy Lobies Against HOLC; Labor Leaders Protest Use Of Ballast Believe it or not, but the knife Was stuck into Roosevelt's Home Owners Loan Corporation from a desk'in the office of Roosevelt’s own Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox. This is the key to the vote by ^vhich the Republican-reactionary majority in Congress gutted the HOLC agency, which has done more to save home-owners from mortgage foreclosures than any other in history. It was a neat triple-play: (1) Republican leaders in Congress to (2) the chief Republican member of Roosevelt’s cabinet, to (3) the desk of reactionary Republican Morton Bodfish, who has been holding a $l-a-year desk in Knox’ office. The booty in this game is the c#eam of the gilt-edged HOLC mortgages which now must be sold by the HOLC to the building and loan associations. The government meanwhile is stuck with the unprofitable mortgages. If you ask the Navy about Morton Bodfish, the man who engineered this deal, they are very, very secretive. “Yes, he has been occupying a desk in Secretai’y Knox’ office,” is the official reply. “No, we can’t tell you what he was doing. It was a very confidential matter — extremely confidential,” the Navy answers. There is good reason for this secrecy. For the real fact is that Morton Bodfish was appointed to the HOLC by Herbert Hoover when it was first established in 1932; then failed of reappointment in 1933. And as vice-president of the U. S. Savings and Loan League and the American Savings and Loan Institute, ho has been lobbying against the HOLC ever since. • Taxpayers Lose Now, operating from the friendly shadow of the Navy Department, he has finally obtained his objective. Here are the results. The House of Representatives has now voted to reduce HOLC’s appropriation nearly ,$4,000,000. This means no saving to the taxpayer, for the HOLC operates from its own revolving funds, and Bodfish’s friends merely denied HOLC the right to use its own revenues. This denial to use its own funds will mean the forced sale of its mortgages, of which it has about 40,000 on its books. Aboqt 10,000 of these are potential fpreclosures, and if they have to bo disposed of at forced sale, it will mean a loss of about $125,000,000. This lo.ss could be met by the HOLC out of its own revenues and could be largely alisorbod by profits from good mortgages, if the HOLC were allowed by Congress to use its own funds and keep its good mortgages. But failing this, the U. S. Treasury and the taxpayer will have to put up the deficit. Meanwhile Moiton Bodfish and his U. S. Savings and Loan friends will be able to gobble up the good mortgages. And once they get them there is nothing to prevent their hiking the interest rate from 414 to 5 per cent. The Republican-reactiona) y wing of Congi'ess may have thought it pulled a smart trick, hut wait until several thousand foreclosed homeowners begin banging at theii'
doors.
Note; Tip-off to the political thinking of Morton Bodfish, whom Secretary Knox took under his wing, is the following ejuotation from the Sphere which Bodfish sent out to members of the mortgage and building loan business in his regular bulletin: “It was a sad day for republicanism when it was decided to elect the President by popular vote, and it was an even sadder day when the Constitution was amended to require election of senators by the same method. There is no man of sense, who knows his history, who will contend that mob government can for very long be good government. Democracy is mob government . . .” • Under The Dome Oddition in the Congressional Directory . . . Congressman Henry Dominique Larcade, Jr,, of Ope(See MERRY-GO-ROUND, page 4)
Galacade To Flood Council c I-. I If M .f < o Plans For Students Fieldhouse April 13 |„p,s,.Wa,College In Swimming Show Will Open Gala Week Tests Will Determine With A Splash; Fraternities, Sororities Applicants
Asked To Participate In Annual Festival
Greenwald, T. Tilton Win Hanley Speech Contest
War Bonds, Cash Awarded To Sixth Annual Winners Speaking on a “Supplementary Conductor of Electricity”,
Seymour Greenwald, sophomore EE, won a ?25 War Bond and $12 in cash for first place in the Hanley Speech Contest, which was held last night in Fowler Hall, with six engineers
of Gala Week on the University campus for a good many years, reason for this blanket credit in petitioning for offices of PIA P3.rticipating for various awards before an audience of 300.
To prevent the wholesale granting of academic credit to men and women returning from the armed forces, such as occurred after the
n Wfl M I, American Council on By Efl Murphy Education has issued recommenda-
April 13 has been set as the date for the annual Galacade, tions to colleges and schools on how
regular spring water show sponsored by the Dolphin Club in to treat the problem,
the Fieldhouse swimming pool. This event has been a feature The Council, stating that part of
PIA To Elect New Officers; Petitions Must Be In Monday PIA members, who are interested
and holds the position this term of being the first event on the f! president, vice-president, secretary ^ , to during the war of 1914-18 had and treasurer, must have their peprogram. . , „ no alternative plan, offers concrete titions in by next Monday at 4 p. m. Coupled with the usual splendid array of plain, fancy and suggestions for giving legitimate Candidates for chairmen of Wards
comedy diving, some of which will be imported, will be contests among the fraternities and sororities on the campus to determine which one of them can put on the best skit
or comedy act in the pool.
Coach Papenguth has promised to do his utmo.st to bring one or moie of the country’s topmost divers here for the show, and these divers will perform with many of the same performers who won renown all over the campus for the
Photographs For Camera Contest Due Monday At 5
Timothy Tilton, sophomore PSE, whose subject was “Food for Europe”, placed second
and will receive a $25 War Bond and $6 in cash. Third prize of a $25 War Bond and $3 in cash went to George Sykes for his speech on “Un-
tapped Treasure”.
The other three contestants,
. , . , , . who were all freshman engineers, Annual petitioning to select the -nr. • , , - :
^ , will each receive a cash award froiii
the remainder of the $100 donated by W. A. Hanley, sponsor of the contest. The entrants together with the subjects upon which they spoke
are as follows:
Sigma Delta Chi To Sponsor Annual Good-Teacher Prize
credit for military training, when A-G must also turn in their peti-
the war is over. tions at this time. Credit Based On Tests Requirements Listed
The Council recommends that Requirements of the candidacy colleges and schools base their ac- are presence at the University this crediting on the results of tests summer. Candidates must be memgiven by the United States Armed 'hers of PIA and their petitions Forces Institute—the former Army must be signed by 25 PIA members.
Institute. These tests, the Council This pi'ocedure is being followed best of the University’s good teach-
Photographs on any subject points out, are now given because of the fact that all the posi- ers to repeive the “Good Teacher whether pictorial or portraits may determine the results tions will be vacated at the end of Award” and the “Leather Medal be entered in the annual Camera correspondence courses given by the semester and all those who Medallion” given by Sigma Delta Club photographic contest, which Institute itself, but also to would normally fill the vacancies Chi, national journalistic honorwill close Monday afternoon at 5. nieasure all educational experience will be inducted under the ERC pro- ary, has officially begun. The elecAnyone may enter the contest al- returning servicemen and gram. tion and subsequent forum, which
fancy and comedy diving presented t;}iough an entrance fee of 25 cents women. The Institute is set up to Two candidates will be chosen by will be held at a date as yet unat the Aquacade last fall. imposed on non-Camera college which requests the present PIA board from those announced, will be terminalted by a Swimmers To Contest Records club members. The photographs ^ complete “competence profile” presenting petitions for the office of banquet in honor of the winners and For the main pai't the program will be shown from March 27 to every person in the various president. The remaining positions past recipients of “Good Teacher” Judges Represent Various Schools will consist of competitive activities April 3 in the music room of the branches of the Army and Navy. will be filled with candidates pre- and “Leather Medal Medallion” The judges of the contest reprewith many of the men on the swim- Union. Council Recommendations seating petitions for the remain- awards. sented the three departments about Prizes Listed The Council recommends that col- lu accordance with former policy which this contest is built—the Prizes will be awaiVled to first leges place returning students on PIA Represents Independents the contest this year will attempt Speech, Economics and Engineering and second place winners in both the basis of these profiles, but The PIA has been an influence in to determine the teacher who has Department. Prof. L. S. Winch and divisions, both pictorial and por- judging entirely by the individual the lives of independent students contributed most toward the wel- R- D. Smith of the Department of trait, $5’going for a first and $3 colleges’ academic standards. Col- for many years. It affords them a fare, success, and reputation of the English and Speech; Dr. B. F. Cathfor the second. Faculty members leges that give credit for ROTC, schedule of tea dances, informal University. Moreover, tradition and erwood and Dr. T. H. Smith of the
Richard Perkins, “Post-War Reparations”; Glenn Tobias, “Raw Materials”; James Bohn, “Lease-Lend
—Or Outright Gift?”
ming squad atempting- to break present pool, state and national swimming i-ecords. The man to watch in this phase of the show is Roy Heidke, breast stroker, who broke two world’s records at the
Aquacade. As a part of the Gala- given recognition for first physical training, hygiene, or free dances and recreation. Through the good taste demand that students Department of History, Economics cade program Heidke will go out places in each division electives should allow credit for PIA, these students are represented consider the attributes of the man Government, and Prof. L.^ V.
to break the world record in the
two hundred yard breast stroke. Fraternities To Enter Acts
as well as student winners. military training received in these around the campus in the extra- as a good teacher rather than the Eudy of the School of Mechanical Members of the Camera Club subjects. curricula adtivities. pedagogical traits of personality Engineering constituted the board may enter all pictures free of The Council stresses that its plan A more outstanding as well as which might attract the student’s judges, who volunteered their All of the fraternities and sorori- entrant may sub- is merely to provide factual in- popular feature of the PIA is the attention, ties have been invited to enter into pictures as he wishes formation to be utilized by the in- Tuesday afternoon tea dances held Good Teacher Means the comuetition with a ton-'niinutfi , i orgnfVi nf fTip TTnin-n ^
Some of the characteristics of
the competition with a ten-minute yg jg g member of the club dividual institutions, and to set up in the south ballrooih of the Union comedy act. According to the plans Pictorial photographs in- the machinery for coping with the Building, Here students have a at present there will be six of these ^^yjg pj.Qblem of mass demobilization chance to relaxj and indulge in some
greek organizations in the Galacade,' and these six will have been chosen as the best from all who enter on the basis of their performance in a preliminary contest to be
held on April 8. Cash Awards
Por the fraternities and sororities themselves, this contest will be well worth the effort for the top three, as the prizes to be awarded at the conclusion of the show are: for first place, fifteen dollars; for second place, ten dollars, and for
third place, five dollars.
Tickets for the Galacade will be sold only at the door and the price, which is subject to change, will be
fifty cents per person.
and other imposed Subjects.
when the war is over.
jitter-bugging.
A Chemist Looks At The Future . . .
Henry B. Hass Pictures World College Students After War
Dr. Of
services for this contest. Greenwald Talks On Silver
With the words “Profits for a few
good teachers, quoted from edi- lives of many of our men,” torial descriptions of past award Greenwald concluded his speech in winners, are: the teacher knows "’Eich he advocated the limited use his students as well as possible in silver as a substitute for copper consideration of the size of his electrical devices, and presented class; he is interested in teaching Ihe assembled students the choice and lending his subject enthusiasm; continuing as we are now or ache commands respect of students; ^^PDng his plan. Greenwald said, he is interested in campus activi- Treasury Department should ties; contributes to the welfare of release its tremendous hoard of silthe University; he shows interest industry. He went on to in personal problems cf the student. ^^at not only is silver a
substitute for copper, hut in many
This year will bring the total number of “Leather Medal Medallion” winners to 18. “Good Teacher”
properties, particularly conductiv-
ity, it is superior.
Tilton Takes Second Place
By Ruth Rentsch
Dr. Henry Hass, head of the University Chemistry Department, pictures the world which in all probability will be ours tomorrow. His words unveil a world so different and so intriguing- that it is almost beyond the realm
of imagination.
^ Lieutenant-Commander
W PMm Naval Reserve, is the inspiring head of
the Chemistry Department over which hang clouds of suspense and drama produced by the war. Few students realize our close proximity to war research. How many of us know that fifty chemists are at work in this one department on one angle of war research— and without even knowing why they are do-
ing it?
Secrecy is first, last and always in this work. Dr. Ilass further emphasized the importance put on secrecy when he stated that unconscious carelessness on his part is subject to a penalty of thirty years in the penitentiary. War research will undoubtedly bring about a change in the University. This campus has been primarily in the past a place of teaching and not of research. None was done in Dr. Hass’ department during the last war. Now the University ranks among the first ten colleges in the country dn chemical research. The extent and magnitude of the war reseai’ch going on now all over the United States is little realized. New ideas are being developed in this war which might not occur in or-
tion, biography, or uon-fiction dinary peace times for many decades. Dr. which might appeal^ to men in the i^Jass explains that the most interesting dis-
coveries cannot be revealed.
We have concrete evidence of the great changes occurring when we see the tremen-
Elmer Davis Will
Over WBAA
Tomorrow Af 3 P. M. WBAA will carry the special talks by Elmer Davi.s directly from Washington on Saturday at 3 p. m. through the facilities of WGN and the Mutual Broadcasting System. Davis will be the spokesman of OWI in an effort to bring as much factual information to the home
front as is possible. '
Elmer Davi.s is a former CBS commentator and a native Hoo.sier, well known to residents of this state in conjunction with his nuws-
liapcr and radio work.
OWI is the official voluntary cen-
sor of all new.s and it is explained that thi.s series of talks by Mr. Davis is for the purpose of clearing
iqi misinformation about the war. Book Campaign . . . will close tomorrow. All stu-
dent.s are reminded to canvas their liooksholvcs for volumes of good fic-
awards, added to the annual contest in 1938 as an extra attraction. Quoting Secretary of Agriculture
dous advances made in production. By the end -will boast five winners at the end Claude Wickard’s statement, “Food of 1943 aluminum production will be seven of the current election. win the war, and write the times what it had taken fifty previous years Apple-Polishing On Sly peace, ’ Timothy Tilton, second of development to bring it to in 1939. Mag- Since this contest offers students hrde^velopTd^the^tW%hlt nesium production will be one-hundred times an opportunity to do something for gj. conclusion of the present war the amount produced in 1939 after twenty- -without polishing united States must send large four years of development. It took one hun- ltd urged " rSke ad- Europe,
dred years to devebp the rubber to one mil- , ,, opportunity offered
lion tons yearly, and now in two years we shall by SDX and submit their petitions to people of Europe are rg. duplicate this in synthetic rubber. These fig- Exponent box at the West Desk of habilitated and that supplying food
ures are almost incomprehensible,
Synthetic rubber has been so developed that it is here to stay. One plant alone has produced 12,000 different synthetic rubbers. No longer will it be necessary to use the same
rubber in erasers as in tires.
War research is transforming our world into an entirely new and fascinating place for all of us. Picture the actually probable world of tomorrow painted by the chemists of today.
the Union, or mail them directly to
the Exponent. '
Red Cross Workers To Enter Three Dogs
In Debris Show
Red Cross workers in the subbasement of the Union have decid-
is the first step. In conclusion he said, “If we can do this dramatically (feeding Europe) we can erase the bestial Hitler legend and abolish the glory of his military triumphs
throughout the world.”
The Hanley Contest originated six years ago when W. A. Hanley, ME ’ll, observed that engineers of the University needed to be more proficient in their oral expression, and to show more appreciation for
T • 1 4.U 4- -11 4- u 1 1 4u 4- ed that they will not be outdone by „ • 4. x- -xv Imagine glass that will not break, glass that +. x. ^ x -x- xi, economic aspects of problems with
“ “ ° any ot the fraternities on the cam-
pus. So they have decided to champion three dogs “that are sure to
will at least three prizes”
which they were confronted. To encourage further training
and experience in these two fieldh
The Red Cross dogs are named » $100 fund to be din-
tributed as prizes to the winners of a speaking contest. Each year, since 1935. he has continued his interest and the prize fund. Hanley is sup-
will float, wood that will not burn, gasoline that will give fifty miles to the gallon, innumerable airplanes, midget automobiles for chiTdren and cloth which is not sewn but pressed
together. In all probability there will be shoes bulldog owned by without leather, screens without wire, and gig^. g^^j -white, owned by Mrs. machinery without metal. We will have insu- Burt Loob. The Red Cross work-
lation that is as thin as cobwebs and. numerous ers, led by Mrs. R. B. Wiley, have ^’\‘^endent of production of the Eli
new textiles called Vinyon, Saran, etc. Equal- to find another dog but have
3 yet had no success.
The canine cuties are to be es-
ly reforming changes will occur in medicine
Lilly Company of Indiimapolis, and is a member of the University Board
of Tuistees.
and food.
corted by Red Cross ladies from the
Dr. Hass points out that this new world motor coips, administrative corps. Phi Mu
armed services. Books may be turned in to the office of W. M. He])burn, librarian on or before the
above mentioned date.
lies at the end of victory’s path and is an added incentive to all men, women and children to give their all that this new life and victory^
may be sooner attained.
staff' corps, and many other corps representatives. These ladies will
. . social sorority, announces the
be in full uniform, which they feci, election of the following officers for is sure to influence the honorable the term December, 1942, to May, judges. ■ . 1943: President, Doris Speake; 1st
» vice president, Annie Ruth Stinson;
Remember Boilermaker Relays On March 27
2nd vice president, Pat Huber; SMretary, Irene Shuster; treasurers. Marge Pabst and Joan Ernbrey; social chainnun, Annie Ruth Stinson, and fraternity education chair-
man, Pat Chumlia.Page iT
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 19, 1943
^ .
I
Purdue Exponent
Cttkcos lEailttrial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 ' Sports, Fleldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial-Phone After 10 p. m , 5377
tl<inornr\ Editor Willi'im G. Hoskins
With llu < olors
Editor Bnoiness ManoRor News Editor ManaRrinR Editor Semor AdvertiBinit Mnnaeor Sports Editod Cord Editor Coc(|-;Busincss Executive
Dale E Bulr Gerhard H Klouman Robert W Boswinkle Sallv Beall James G Bettj Joseph S. Dawson Jean Imuer A Jane Keiiji
Vi
Publication Staff
Editorial StalT
J VtRh 1 T Kichiidson, T L Tilton
M L Smith C C Martin-
Asaociate Editors-
W. H Tj ‘ioii W L VkriTiili'
dell, Murph\
Coed Staff* Phylhs Mnnn Mnrtha Leo Rirrs C'lrolyn Wilbui
Blaine Ahrens
Sporta Staff* C Sowards J Aclscrman D Shr\cr R Smith
^ Business Staff Assistant Advertisinft Manager: I Filpi
Advertising Managers* J i-]e\on C Gaunt J McCullough,
' J. Tabb.
Circulation Manager R H Kraoplin Accounts Manager: Marv Dilts
The Purdue Independent
EiBtor-in-Chief
Bert Squier
'vj. Staff For This Issue Night Editor Martmdell Sports Editor: Sowards Day Editor Ahrens Issue Editor: Speck WorJiers- Bovnes Speck, Obei Abbott, Goodenough, Williams, Steffes Gregorv
Entered as second class matter at the post oilice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congiess of March 3, 1370, and at the special rate of po-,tage piovided for in section 1108, act of October 3 1917. authorized January 20, 1922 Published on Tuesdaj Thur-day Friday and Sunday mornings dunn gthe year Delivered locally by carrier for 31 75 for a Semester or $3 00 for two semesters , by mail foi $2 00 for >i semester or $3 70 for two semesUrs Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc, College Publishei i Representative!, 420 Madison Ave , New York, N Y
The Ratio
Milady s War d-Robe | Jusf Looking Around
When spring comes spooking around the corner, a young man’s fancy turns to thoughts of what the girls have been thinking of all winter. Ah, yes, and here are a few early effects of spring.
Been down to the bowling alleys lately? Well, wear your shock absorbers, there is a war on, with the Powerful Kahinkas of the Chi 0 House leading the League. If you don’t think so, just ask the Kappas. They can really knock off a mean set of pins. Which ought to give the Military Department some new ideas for the Russian Frontier.
No More Fooling... The induction of the Enlisted Reserves of the Advanced ROTC into the army marks the second time during this term that large groups of students have begun active duty in some branch of the armed services. These men now join the ranks of their brothers who were called to the Air Corps some time ago and the millions of other red-blooded Americans who are serving their country on all parts of the globe. This mass induction is but a prelude to the induction of the remainder of the Enlisted Reserve Corps which promises to take place at the end of this term. As we join the ranks of the greatest army in tTie world, it is with a deep feeling of pride that we don the uniform prescribed for Uncle Sam’s fighting men. We chose our course when we enrolled in the Advanced Corps of th^ ROTC well knowing tfiat some day this mbment would arrive. Now that the time has come for us to shed our civilian clothes, it is only nature.' H' ’ .',hould possess a slight feeling of son There is a big job to be done and we hat e been selected to fill a particular niche in the cog wheel which will ultimately crush the Axis nations and restore peace to the world. Many of us have laid extensive plans for the future and have dreamed of what we would do after leaving the University. Unfortunately, these plans and dreams will have to be laid aside for a few years in order that we may have a future in which to act. To those who remain after we have entered active duty, we would like to say that we expect them to do their best in whatever they undertake. If they are not absolutely needed at home, we expect them to enter some branch of the armed services. No draft board, government oificial, or anyone else is able to come around and say definitely who is needed and who should go. Deep down underneath each one of us knows whether we are absolutely needed or not and if we violate this inner judgment it would seem logical to assume that a guilty conscience would hang heavy on our countenance. Let us remember that the army already contains engineers, farmers, and other people from all walks of life who are probably better qualified in their lines of work than we will evei’-b^. If they wei'e not necessary at home, are we absolutely needed ? We realize that everyone .should not and can not enter the service and we will be glad to dq the fighting tor anyone and everyone who d<j!e£( his job on the home front. Although we h^ve not yet experienced the feeling, we have a^^ys imagined that it would be rather dist^teful to a soldier to have to fight to pres^ve the thing which somebody else at home wouldn’t even work tor. '^We hope that tho.se who are lucky enough to lemain in school will really hit the books ai^d make every hour count. Tho.se who enter industry or agriculture should realize the tremendous load that rests on their shoulders and should redouble their efforts in order that the war may soon be brought to a successful conciu.sion. It those who are in .school study a little harder, those who aie in industry and agriculture work and pioduce more, and we in the armed ,ser\ices train and fight to the best of our ability, there can be no doubt as to the outcome nt the .struggle. Wo are all partners in this great enterprise and by thorough cooixuation ol all parties concerned, "’f ■> ’ orten the time which must elapke h ' o are able to return and once again jiui^m our youthful ambitions in the world of toinoirow —d.e b.
LET THAT BE A LESSON TO YUZZ You know what they say about bell-bottom trousers, well the 90-Day Wonders are no exceptions, as Betsy Jansing can unhappily testify since it was she who only a week ago was staggered by the discovery that the Ensign whom she, in all girlish innocence, had been dating for quite a time, is married! The discovery was made by some of her Kappa sisters one bright Sunday afternoon when they stepped sprightly onto the same bus with him. He was looking a little uncomfortable with an if-they-speak-to-me-I’ll-die-expression on his perspiring puss. And right next to him, arm entwining his, was a cute little dish with a set of rings that she certainly didn’t get out of a dish-pan on the appropriate finger. Jansing, upon receiving the good tidings, is reported to have screamed—Ka-wote: “It isn’t true! It isn’t true! He can’t be married. He’s a WOMAN-HATER!!” (Maybe there’s something to this marriage racket.)
The Ratio depends Upon its rats. Help! Help!
Congratulations to all the little Gimlet pledges, the last for some time. Also all the new initiates (anyone you saw yesterday hobbling from class to class with a strained expression on his . . . face—will do). The Phi Gams stole the cookies again; and right along the same line, we can think of a Phi Psi Union Y. P. who by this time has probably lost all
faith in human nature.
A WORD TO THE WISE IS SUFFICIENT From the smell of reported wounded feelings which have been drifting into these 0-so-stinky-otfices as the result of a last week’s column, we can irrevocably arrive but to one drastic conclusion: the callow youth on this campus just can’t take it. Why, fellas! Don’t be old sissy-pantses. Sticks and stones, you know. Besides, would you have it know that the hurley Purdue Boilermakers have taken on the qualities of a bunch of frustrated old maids? We prescribe—“What To Do For That Persecuted Feeling” by Dr. Harriet Eliza O’Shea. Try it. You will find it does wonders.
WULL, GEE WHIZ.
By Martha Lee Riggs On a war-time basis, a coed’s wardrobe problems are just a little bit graver than those she has probably encountez’ed before, and the problem is becoming increasingly crucial. But never expect a coed to give up in despair; she can always find something striking to satisfy her characteristic yearning for the unusual and attractive. Some of the new styles and fads adapted to war-time are already in evidence, or have you no-
ticed ?
Putting silk and wool on a priority gave every woman an opportunity to lise some ingenuity in discovering an equally popular substitute, and some interesting results have developed. The traditional sweater and skirt costume of every college girl is especially hard to forsake, but a couple of good substitutes have been suggested and advanced. Hasn’t every girl admired those gayly-striped shirts that were worn exclusively by boys so long? I’m referring to the very finely knit cotton ones that come in most striking color combinations. Last summer we wore them with our shorts to play in, and this spring we’re wearing them with skirts—sexy, too. Much originality has been used to give the women pretty blouses they will like to wear instead of sweaters. Those bright, splashy silk jersey ones especially intrigue me, but the sheer cotton, definitely feminine ones are becoming very popular as spring approaches. Coeds have found even another way to be clever in th^ process of relinquishing the cherished sweater costume, for blouses. Manufacture of costume jewelry and the pins we’ve always liked to wear at our necks is unessential now, and our suggestion is a grosgrain ribbon bow at the neck of that new blouse. We can make them ourselves in all colors and all lengths and sizes, and I’ve seen some very attractive combina-
tions.
Mo.st of our pins and jewelry now seem to consist of crested jewelry and other insignia of the armed forces that we are especially interested in, and why not. It’s a wonderful way to combine sentiment and practicality, I think. I know one girl on the campus who wears a Sam Browne military belt complete with large insignia buckle with a white long-sleeved blou.se with military buttons. She also wears a pair of wings on her coat lapel and is the envy of my heart. One of our most perplexing problems is that of selecting our limited slipper wardrobe for the duration. We’ve already discovered that play shoes aren’t rationed, and that enables us to include unrationed but ever-lastingly popular Huraches. You might be surprised at the attractive wedgies you can get without your No. 17 stamp, too. All other shoe purchases are receiving serious consideration, you can be sure, and are much more conservatively styled to last as long during the duration as possible. I still can’t resign myself to Ijhe generally lower heels, but everyone’s wearing them now. General trends seem to be toward bright red or the new tomato red suits and top-coats, mesh hose, printed silk dresses and silk jerseys, navy colored costumes, shorter jackets to conserve wool, and pencil-slim skirts for the same purpose. Many of the new spring hats are berets in all shapes, sizes and colors. Gloves and purses are especially practical in the reversible styles—one article for both occasions with a flip of the wrist.
As a parting shot, someone said that walking into the Kappa House is like walking into a Nut House, something crazy going on all the time. And the Kappa Sigs don’t help matters and with their miscellaneous pieces of mysteriou.s goings-on.
And so to the stalks.
Endowed with the income of a fund of more than $100,000, the Gharles Fremont Dwight Institute for Promotion of Human Genetics is now in operation at the University of Minnesota.
To be “right-eyed” makes reading easier, according to Dr. H. R. Grosland, associate professor of psychology at the University of Oregon.
Although business and finance are not generally regarded as woman’s province, courses in banking and in corporation finance arc popular at 'Vassal'.
Danger the war emergency will lead woodland owners to “slaughter” their timber lands has been pointed out by J. D. Pond, assistant extension forester at Gornell University.
A machine that picks clover tops as fast as 2,400 hand pickers has been developed by two Illinois professors.
Is there anyone on the campus who doesn’t remember that bee-yoo-tee-ful “plum” big and blustery Bill Stevens wore around all last semester ? Well, the truth about it has finally eeked its way out of the halls of Lambda Chi, and today we received this tender document, which might lend some incite into the true situation; Stevens is a noisey bloke Who ghastly jokes “just loves” to croak; With women he is never deft And oft encounters zee pugnacious left. —From the Gas-House Gang
Honorary Postpones Contest Until April 3 Due to the induction of advanced militaiy students into the aimy this week-end, the giain judging contest sponsoied by Ceies, agiicultuial honoiaiy, will be postponed until Saturday, Apnl 3 The same time and place apply and all ai i angements must be made as belore with Piot. F E Robbins. The judging will take place from 1 to 4 in the atteinoon and all students are eligible to entei The Clops laboiatoiy in Agiicultiual Hall will be used tor the contest which IS to awaken intei est and to impiove the student’s ability m Cl op judging
5 DAYS Starfijig Tomorrow ^You'IF hoWL Through your ^ ^ CH1ERS»T
ARC
TODAY thru SATURDAY FIRST RUN WESTERN
im&n MTM^' KI8«6 A MONOGRAM PICTURE
and
MSI®
A zoai Oflnlury<foK
with JOSEPH ALLEN, |R. MARY HOWARD
ALSO
V THE VAUEY DF '
PATHE NEWS
ALSO
EXTRA! QFFiCSAL WAR DEPT. FILM Kom
V On Land On Sea in the Air in North Africa I
Produced by U S Army Slenel Corpe. I Released fiy Office of War Information J Distributed by Warner Bros Pictures Inc ^ under auspices of the War Activities Committee of the Motion Pictura Industry
By Jack Abbott and Jim Richardson
Some Americans seem to think that it is their business to advise the British government what should be done with the British colonies. This is a new step in international cooiieration, when one nation tries to tell another nation vlihat should be their colonial policy. Americans may feel that it is timir divine right to help all oppressed people; but the main question at hand is the freeing of the - — truly oppressed people under Quahenbush Elected
Hitler, for as yet the British ^ colonial policy has not resorted to mass murder. The Brit-
ish also know their colonial pi’oblems and policies better than we do or ever will. Let’s leave the British problems to the Biitish iin-
To Head University Ag Chem Division Di. Foirest W. Quakenbush, formeily of the University of Wiscon-
til they prove themselves incapable sin, has been selected as head of the of handling them. depaitmcnt of agiicultuial chemisXXX try. State Chemist and State Seed Illinois has led the Midwest in a Commissioner, with the rank of legislative attempt to stop the Pres- piofes.sor hcie at the University, ident of the United States from ever gj agricultural holding office for more than eight succeeds Dr. Henry R. years. This is the general gist of Kiaybill, who has been on leave of an article that appeared m one Chi- .^bsgggg fgi eighteen months. Dr. cago paper. The paper was the Chi- ^ jyj j^gg^ acting head of cago Tribune; and the piece of leg- depaitmcnt and will become the islation sounds very much like a assistant head of the department
Tribune sponsored bilk But the Tribune isn’t the point of argument; it’s the fact that a state has decided that It is going to stop a' U. S. President from evei holding office tor more than two terms. Such an attempt to start a Constitutional Amendment is a state’s right, but just how long do the legiskitois of Illinois think it will take to pass such a law thiough 18 state legis-
latures. XXX
Rep IT im Rish (R N Y ) has come out with the hokl announcement thai the United States should demand that the Biitish give us ceitaiii bises m this hemisplu'ic This seems to he a little inconsistent Joi Ml Fish, hciausc ho his always chuiniiioiud isolation and noniiitcicciitioii and the moie “eiiipue'’ we acquiii thr‘ closei we <ii o attached to any iiiteinational coopciation attci the w.i Mi Fish should now claiilv hiinsoll in legaid to his ideas on i post-wai woild anel our pait in it
undei Quakenbush. Dr Quakenbush is a graduate of the Univcisity of Wisconsin. Because of his outstanding work m bio-cheniisti y, he was awarded a Rockefellei Fellowship foi posteloctoiatc study in Em ope FOUNDATION TO GIVE PARTY FOR SAILORS The UiiivetsiU sailois will be ciiteitamed a( I\ede\ Foundation’s Saint Patiicks Da\ paity tomorlow night al 8 The public is invited to atlend the evening eif social entcitauiinciit an 1 e'njo\ the leireshnunts tint will be scived fice Glciiwood anel Novadalc, gals’ coops, have agiced to he on hand to upholel the usual latio ol 1 5 to 1, women leading
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
LGMA TODAY and TOMORROW six~Gii mmm
THE THREE MESQUITEERS BOB STEELE TOM TYLER JIMMIE DODD
31V
PLUS SECOND HIT FIND THE WOMAN!
ummu TODAY and TOMORROW
TODAY — SATURDAY -DOUBLE FEATURE—
THIS WAS PARIS — with — ANN DVORAK BEN LYON PLUS
FLYING FORTRESS — with — RICHARD GREENE
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11:15 P.M.
’ i
I >■ I
lylA!
1 — LAST TIMES TODAY —
/ '
He wos a CHAMP on Astronomy ... but 0 CHHMP on Anoiomyl
P 5
JggmFriday, March 19, 1943
Boilet^ttfMJier Sports
FdgeB
rt» ^
'MEET THE COACHES'
SERIES OF ARTICLES
STARTS TODAY
MINUTE BY MINUTE
RELAYS' SCHEDULE
ANNOUNCED
Two Top Track Teams In Territory Meet 27th kiveter Coaching Staff Committees^ Schedules For Wolverines, Irish
introduced/ Meet 'Red' Mackey, Head Coach
Turdue Relays^ Announced Xangle In Relays Committees foi the fiist annual — *
Beginning with this edition of the Exponent, the members of the sports staff on the aforementioned paper are going to ehdeavor to introduce to the students still circulating on the Boilermaker campus the complete roster of Boilermaker coaches. Undoubtedly most of the coaches connected with the University are familiar figures to the majority of the populus, especially the PE
12’ers; but just in case there is a coach anyone is in doubt of, we’re going to give the dope
on all of them
To begin this parade of coaching aiislociacy wc have picked
Mackey
the man who is in command, Ath letic Piiectoi Guy “Red” Mackey Red IS a big, cheeiful fellow lives heie in West Lafayette, is a membei pf Sigma Pi fiateinity and nat uially has his office in the Field house Fast Affiliated In 1925 “Red” fiist became connected with the Univeisity back in 1925 when he enteied the institution as a liesh
—WANTED— STUDENT SWITCHBOARD OPERATOR Complei'e board for 22 hours per week. Operator can study part time. Apply at once to G. 0. Ar-1 buckle, Cary Hall South.
man, taking agiicultuie In 1029, “Red” giaduated, on schedule, aftei leaving a lathei enviable athletic lecoid behind him Foi thiee years the amiable athlete played fiist stung end on the Boilcimakei giid squad and held down the eatchei’s post on the baseball team foi a
season
Seems He Could Pla\ Football Duung “Red’s’ giiduon caicei at the Univeisity, he was chosen on the All State team two ycais, made the All Confeienee team one yeai and that same season \ias given honoiablc mention towaid a position on the All Ameiican squad Fiesliman Line ( oaeh Immediitely following giadua tion, “Red” accepted a position as iieshman line coach on the Rivetei athletic staff, and he’s been on the same staff evti since, howevei, he’s ad\aneed a step oi two since that time Coach Mackey didn’t stick with the fiosh long In 1931 he was advanced to assistant vaisity coach and in Maich, 1942, Mackey was made athletic daoctoi Beginning with football season this fall will bo “Red’s” fifteenth yeai on the staff Generally Ambidextious As foi a favoiite spoit, “Red’ likes them all In the wintei time the diiectoi keeps in shape playing squash, and all summei golf fills in in a big way Twice the all-campus golf touincy has fallen to “Red ’ and twice he has copped the champion ship at the Lafavette Countiy Club Stiictly oft the lecoid, the diiec toi of athletics admitted at the end of the Intel view that he also was wicked with a pan of dice and that pokei wasn’t a bad locication eithei £. S. Raymond BSEE 1914, has leceiitly been elected tieasuiei of the West Penn Powei Company of Pittsbuigh, one of the utility companies opeiating 111 the steel mill belt In his new position he will also seive as tieas uiei of nine othei companies be sides continuing his piesent duties
DR PAIH A RISK DR LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4(h and Main Sts Phone 5701
Wid* World Featuioi
Committees foi the fiist annual “Puidue Relays” and a “to theminute” schedule of events foi the occasion that is to take place in the Boileimakei Fieldhouse Satuiday, Maich 27, have been fully compiled
and aie as follows TIME SCHEDULE
Pieliminaiies will be held in the following events staiting at I 00 p m Shot Put, 60 Yaid Dash, 60 Yd Low Huidles 60 Yd High
Hill dies
Finals
6 ‘50 Pole Vault 6 50 High Jump 7 00 Paiade
Bill Dillon
Iliiidlei, Notie Dame
7 25 Declaiatoiy Speech—Opening of 1943 Puidue Indooi Relays 7 30 Univeisity Two Mile Relay 7 42 Victoiy Geiemony, Univeisity Two Mile Relay 7 54 60-yd Low Huidles (Finals) 10 yaids apait—15 yaids to fiist huidle, 5 huidles, 5 yards at finish 7 58 Victory Ceremony, 60-yaid Low Huidles 7 50 Shot-put (Finals) 8 04 Victoiy Ceiemony, shot-put 8 06 College Two mile Relay 8 16 Victoiy Ceiemony, College Two Mile Relay. 8 18 High Jump and Pole Vault Announcements 8 23 60 yaid Dash (Finals) 8 27 Victoiy Ceiemony, 60 yaid
Dash
8 29 Majoi League Baseball 60yaid Dash 8 31 Victoiy Ceiemony 8 53 Univeisity Medley Relay (14, Vi, %, 1-mile) 8 36 Victoiy Ceiemony 8 38 College Medley Relay (14, 14, %, 1 mile) 8 51 Victoiy Ceiemony 9 53 High Jump (Finals) 9 02 Victoiy Ceiemony 9 04 60 yaid High Huidles Victoiy Ceiemony 9 09 Pole Vault (Finals) 9 19 \ictoiy Ceiemony 9 22 Physical Piepaiedness Wall Scaling (Finals) 9 30 Victoiy Ceiemony 9 52 Univeisity Foui Mile Relay 9 52 Victoiy Ceiemony 9 53 College One Mile Relay
9 59 Victoiy Ceiemony 10 01 Univeisity/One Mile Relay 10 07 Victoiy Ceiemony 10 10 Closing of 1943 Puidue Indooi Relays STUDENT COMMITTEES Relay Managei-—V L Daniels Officials Committee — R o b c i t Chestnutt, chan man Ticket Sales Committee — Fied Kindei, Chan man, A1 Menke, Inn Biay, Vnginia Lee McDonald Student Publicity Committee— Joe Dawson, chan man, Kenny Lynch, Robeit Woodwoith Beauty Queen Committee — A1 Menke, chaiimaii, Viigmia Lee Me Donald, Mable Vaughn Decoiations Committee — F i e d Kindei chan man, Bob Livinghouse, John Giiinin, Elizabeth Baughman, Viigmia Yeagei, Jean Biachman, Mildicd Smith, Elizabeth Hutchins Housing Committee—^Al Menke, Joe Dawson “Time Table” Phil Caieful sciutinization of the schedule of events will show that the meet is based on a minute to second schedule, and Coach Hei moil Phillips sweais that the meet will be lun off with just that much
pi ocision
Foi five yeais. Coach Phillips has jockeyed the nationally know n But lei Relays thiough on a schedule just as iigid as this one appeals to be It will be veiy inteiesting to note just how nian:y seconds aftei 10 10 p m Satuiday, Maich 27, the last stop watch will click the completion of the final event in the fiist ‘ Puidue Relays ”
Michigan’s Big Ten indooi champions and Notre Datne's Central Collegiate title holders, matching their full team strength against each other for the first time this season, will be favored to fight it out tor top honors in the University division in the Purdue Relays to be held here Saturday, March 2Y. Both the Irish and Wolverines, keen rivals for top collegiate . honors, have entered full
teams for the Purdue track carnival, which will climax the indooi season Although Notre Dame, which wrested the Butler Relays from Michigan last
Frank Gonforti
► .Coeds Dood It- — Not Us Foi fhc benefit of those spoil fans who have been wondciing just whit the dev il makes oui Thuisday spoi t page difteient fiom the lest, w e would like to do a little explaining In the fiist plaec, the eoeds put out the cntiie papei each ThuiscLu You sec, if all of us aie in the seivices befoie long the gills will have complete eontiol of the Exponent—even the spoils page Thciefoie, each Wednesdav afteinoon, foui oi five will iiig but “slightly’ inexpeiieneed coeds take ovei the Fieldhouse and eveiyono in it m an eftoit to get out about five galleys of spoils copy toi the papei you may possibh lead the next nioining ► losephine No Relafion This wiitei. 111 paifieulai, has taken quite a bit ol libbing conceining this coluinn Let it lx known light now that Josephine is no lelation whatsoevci but is niciely a ficticious name used by the coed who wiites the column Because of this wc have been taking all the eiedit toi then woik Muthi Lee Rigi s wiote yesfciday’s column and did bettei than we h IV0 done ill ycai Incidentally, she is one ol the twelve giils nomi n itc d 10! Pci ivs Queen ► Walt Scaling Conf'esi' Ycsfcidiy moining oliniinations loi the new and novel wall selling contest the (mils of which aie to be held as in added atliaetion at the Relavs weic begun Aliiadv ibout ten PE 12’cis hive gone ovei the vv ill it 1 I IL () in while foui of those have elcaied 12 ft The wall (an Ik u'luktid foi a height ol only 15 feet, so the fellows had hettei take il ( I'-v loi i wild Acioiding to instiuetoi Jim Bceis the w ill sealei-^ will lu piovided \ ith oxvgcn tubes and paiaeliutes i1 they go much ovt' the 12 lool 111 Ilk OT ► Finals At The Realys The 27th The chin III it'oiis will eontniuc Joi a lew moic days ittei which the top 20 will om|K ti to '-(L whieli loui oi possibly five men will tiy foi hi “woilil s ueoid on Lh night oi the 27Lh Medals will also be awaided to the lop [x i loi niei
Riveter Baseball Team Starts Spring Training Period With the coming of spiing, lobins, bees, hikes in the countiy, and the inescapable malady, spiing fevei, comes time foi the Boileimakei baseball squad to get into action following a wmtei’s vacation Poi about two weeks the batteiy candidates foi the 1943 Rivetei nine have been getting into condition m the Fieldhouse, and Mon day, Maich 21 theie will be a gen eial callout loi all aspiiing base ball playeis As yet the batteiy candidates have been confined to the Fieldhouse foi woikouts due to the weathei conditions Outlook Hazy As Yet The outlook foi this season’s squad is a bit hazy as jet, howevei, eonsideiable mateiial is available f 10111 the squad last season In the way of piteheis, Ed Misselhoin, vaisity man fiom last jeai, has been showing up well, also is Bud Sciipps, anothei man with expeii dice fiom last season showing up favoiablv Two sophs liom last season’s ciack fiosh team and at piesent fiesh fiom the haidwood couit. Jack Kennedy and Eddy Timm aie tossing the spheie v ith some dcgiee ot ability Wiight Catches As foi eatcheis, Chailes Wiight thud bascin in on last seasons squad, has bcoi showing up well along with a pan ot fie=hnieii Pi laiskv and Rayschiek The new Confeienee waitime luling deelaies fieshmen eligible foi competition in vaisity spoits beginning with the spiing season Beit Saundeis and Pop Doan along with Walt Leilheit pitehei lioni last yeai aie woiking the team in the absence ot head baseball eoieli “Dutch rdiiing who is occupied with spiing football at the
pi eseiit
Riveter Frosh Swim Against Culver Squad
spimg, lecently topped the field in the Illinois Tech Relays, the Wolveiines completing minus the seiyices Ot its undefeated two-mije quaitet, composed of Bob Ufer, Big Ten indooi 440 yaid champioA, Capt Dave Matthews, lunnei-up in the Big Ten mile, John Roxborongh, Big Ten halt mile champion, £lnd Ross Hume, Big Ten mile title holdei Plenty Tough Reinfoiced by the biilhant quartet which added the K of C twomile title to its string at Madison Squaie Gaiden the same night as the Illinois Tech g-ames, the Wolveimes aie expected to provide foimidable opposition foi the in the fiist leal test this season of the full team stiength of the two iivals Although the deadline for entiics in the meet will not be reached until next Wednesday (Maich 24) all indications point to the most brilliant field of the mdooi season, with between 25 and 30 schools fiom all paits of the countiy competing foi team titles m both university and college divisions In addition to entiles fiom the favoied Michigan and Notie Dame squads, eaily entiles have been made m the university division by Indiana Noithwestein, Wisconsin Minnesota Purdue,.Ohio tSate Diake Michigan State and Chicago Tlichigan \gain The same keen fight foi team honors IS expected in the college division, with Michigan Noimal, winnei of the Illinois Tech toga, Miami and Western Michigan among the eaily favoiites Other early entires in the college division include ButTony Maloney
Distance Runner, Notre Dame
Intramural Schedules
Do not loi 11 till iiul in v oui (iitiy blank on the Waul Sw Dinning weelwlueliis to lx luldhiiday cvi mng Much P' stiilin, it 7 15 'I his inei f IS to eonsisf ol live ( vc nts as loi lows T mu 7 15 50 vaid bieast sfioke 7 25 — 50 yaid baekstioke 7 55— 50 y aid li n sly li 7 45—100 yaid tiee style
8 00 —fancy diving MidiL lie now on display in the fiophy (.ibiiut in the Intianunal Olhec W ml 5 V on the championship 111 itch 111 the Volleyball Touina imiit winning ovei WLud 27 big mu Delta Psi I iiday Mai ell 19 4 00—bwimmuig
Swimming Meet Schjsduled For OSU Roy Ileidke, Bill Snead Captain Joe Williamson Johnny Jeungst and the lest of the Bo leiniakei sw nulling squad luidei the com potent tutcl ige of Boilcimakei swuiniinip menfoi Dick Paponguth, IS 1 eaily lounding into shape in picpaiafion foi the National Intelcollegiate Swiiiiiiiing meet which is to bo held at Ohio Stito Univeisity on Mai eh 26 and 27 Snaicd Fitth In Big leii The Boilcimakei team which gaiiioicd a lilfh out ot the Big Ten sw miming meet leeontlv held m thieij.o eonipiting against such eompeiition as Michigan md Ohio State has a mou than favOiablc chance 1o walk oil with i goodly shall ol thi honois m the aftan a week lioiii this loiiung week end lit idkc Main 1 hi cat Piohably the mam tin eat horn the Rivetei squad ol aqualies will be Rov Ileulki hi eaststiokei, who holds the woilds ueoiil m the 50 (See SWIMMING, page 1)
Next Satin (lav afteinoon the fiosh division of Coach Papengulh’s swimming squad plans to ontei into a little post season aquatics when they tingle with the swimming team tiom Culvei Mil itaiv Aeademv in the Boileimakei pool lough Bunth Ot Freshmen This season the Boileimakei swimming squad boasts the strongest tiosn aggiegation in yeais In a lecont thug with the vaisity squad the liosh finished in iiont ot the season team howevei, Captain Williamson and Rov Heidke with a couple oi othei vaisity men vveie withlield fiom competing A. lew ot the notables in the ihmie contingent include 16 yeai old Flank Knotts tieestyle spiint Cl, Don Leach, aiioLhei spimtei Gene Woinble lio<|stylei and back stiokei, Phil Hansel a lioe stylei who specializes m the 220 and 110 events Phil is the bi othei ot \ein Hansel Boileimakei 440 man last season \ein holds tlx pool leeout loi the !40 y'-aul event* Lots Ol I losh 5101 e hosh sw mime is ot notabil itv aie tileii I iBavv lucstylei 110111 Haumioud tdtii also had a luottiei on the Rivetei tank te un (bee UIVEIEK 1 ROSH, page 1)
Uistanee Runner Notre Dawie lei, Indiana State Teachers, Lamtnet College Cointll (Iowa), and Ohio Weslevan Foui lelavs m the Univeisity division and thiee in the college section plus six individual events open to both college and univeisity entiles will eompnse the regular relays piogiam In adclitiori, there will be two spteial events durijig the evtmtig, i “baseball dash” open to out Lutiy tiom each ot the six luajoi league teams caudustlihg '-punt, naming m Indiana, and a wall stahiig contest open to Pwr-. uuc students and set vice men being (See ru V( K IEAMS, page A)f
PiSge 4
Purdue Exponent
Friday, March 19, 1943
Coeds’ ‘Killer Course’ [ grin and be!^ Creates Superwomen
By Ltdi%
Bj Mar\ Vnn Diessltn Have \ou hcaid the lieshman girls on campus talking about ciawhng undei ping pong tables dodging chans and climbing lad ders’ This i*- lUst i pait of the new physical fitness jnopiam which the Univeisitv has inst tutcd foi its women students this semcstci Since women will be doing moie physical woik in the factoiies in then homes and on the faims the\ need nioie physical stieiigth Dui ing this new ph\ sical fitness coui se Umversit\ coeds will attempt to impiove five specific abilities Fust IS stiength-—especially stiength of the bick legs and feet It IS necessaiv if women aie going to do moie pin sical woik End^irance Second Second is enduiance It will pei lint them to do haidci physical woik foi longei peiiods of time without becoming tiied B\ piac ticing until vou aie fatigued—not lUst tiled—is the onh way that vou can build up enduiance Third IS flexibilitv All of one’s loints should be flexible lathei than stiff so that it IS easv to move Fourth IS lelaxatioii Added hours of physical woil lequiie knowledge and skill as to how and when to lelax so as to conseive en ergv Fifth IS body contiol Coiiect postuie and skillful handling of the body eliminate wasted motion Propel use of feet and body contiol facilitate keeping one’s balance in getting on and off moving objects No exeicise piogiam alone is enough to make the coed ed moie physically fit Exeicise must be supplemented by adequ ite sleep and the i ight kinds and amounts of food Course Split To Two Parts The couise is divided into two paits, each lasting seven weeks The fiist seven weeks aie spent in woik on body mechanics Exeicises on strength and body contiol as 1 elated to postuie aie taken and then defective postuie is analy7ed and diagnosed so that it can be coi lected The second seven weeks peiiod IS spent doing appaiatus woik which develops stiength agility and bettei bod> contiol A.t the be ginning of the coiiise each giil estimates hei own state of physical fitness thiough a senes of physical tests Then dunng each class peiiod which follows they piactico on the indooi obstacle couise and tiv to make bettei time each time they lun it This obstacle couise includes jumping ovei boxes and leathei hoises, climbing lopes and laddeis, dpdging chans ciawhng under tables lunning swinging on lings, and jumping lopes Fust aid cai lies such as the chan caiiv and fiieman’s cany aie a'so piacticed to develop aim and back stiength At the end of the couise the same senes of tests w ill be given that tl e gals took at the beginning of the couise to see how iiuch the> have impiov ed Includes I ppei classman A\oik The \»oik when these lieshman gills Pie doing is being included in some uppeiclassman couises Aim stiength IS impoitant in golt so the sophomoie gals in golf classes also do pull ups and pinh ups to stiength the aims Similai couiscs aie being taught coeds in othei col leges and univcisities and the> aie called basic com scs in body fiinda mentals The bodv mechanics and app i latus woil done only duiing this scmcstci will not impiove stiength, enduiance flexibility and body con tiol indefiniteU Some systematic vigoiojs physical activity must be continued aftci completion of the couise il coeds wish to leinain physicalh fit Speech Profs Pick Finalists Yesteidav five students wcic chosen to speak at the Speech 14 Convocation to he held next 1 ucs day night in I owlci Hall at 7 1") Those who have been selected fiom all of the Speech 14 classes aic B R Andeison C Svkes "I P Vinson, G R Hclfiiich and J A Hendeison The membcis of each cl iss sc lected then best sjieal ci to com pete 111 the piciinimai ics vc-teidav Theie aic 2,1 sections and bv the piocess of elimination these five men wcic chosen to i epic sent the Speech 14 Dcpiitnicnt it the deni onstiation luesdav 1 lie finalists w-ill give the same jiccches that W'eie fust picsented in then k spcctive classes, all (onccin tlu initiation of some bu'^incss jjioject The doois of I owlei 11 ill will open at 7 p m and all Spuch 1] Btudents w ho attc nd w ill be exeu c d fjom a class pci lod at the disjiosa] of then individual instiuetoi'-
djt. JhSL Lniceisitv I’lesbAteuan Chuicn North St, Neai Grant 9 30—Sunday School 10 30-—Morning Woi-,hip Di J Waltei Malone’s seimon tojiic is ‘That Nothing Be Lost’ Mi Mi lone IS vice piesideiit of the Pies byteiian Theological Seminaiy of Chicago and Vvas foi nineteen veais pnstoi of the McKinlcV Memoiial Univeisitv Piesbi-teiian Chinch at the Univeisitv of Illinois 6 00—Sundav Evening Club
Sunday Progiam of the Yeslej Foundation 9 30—Student Chuich School The two clisses dealing with the study of the Bible will be concluded this moining (1) A Skeptic Looks it the Bible taught by Rev E R Balslev (2) The Gieat Ideas of the Bible taught by Pi of D H Pat tcison 10 40—Moiniiig 'W 01 ship Seivice at the Piist Methodist Chuich Di Otto Scott Steele will use as his theme ‘The Mount of Vision’ Spe cial music will be fuinishcd by the chon 5 15 — Univcisitj of Chi istiaii Living Pellowship suppei 5 15 Univeisitv classes 0 >0 Closing w 01 ship 7 30 This entile piogiam is concluded bv 7 45 p m Evei\ '-tudent and sciMcc man is coidially invited to attend anv oi ill of these sei vices
Campus Varieties To Feature Sextet Tomorrow Afternoon
Kennedy Killed In Plane Crash
Student Senate Ihtic will be a Semoi Boaid meetinpr of the Senate for the selection (f junior uul stnloi executive posi +ions Wednesday April 2^1 in the Souite
office
-MILLER
Special stung sextette, compiis
Pi Tau Siffma Jmpertant mcnsting Fndav Maich 1) at 1 P in Reading Room Llettion of new membt rs Neccssaiy that all actives be there ^^ceNMAIFR Alpha Phi OmcKT Caps have vrrivetl Puichase ticket must be obtained fiom M
I Biiule, !12 S coy Hall
Skull anil Crescent Plcilffcs Roupth initia tion will be held riiesday March 23 at i 30 Meet at AGR Bunt, flashliKht field box bone and padille CHESrNU'ir
Lieut Matthew H Kennedy, ’41 Univeisity giaduatc, was icpoited killed m a maneuvet at Toio, Calif
mg a section of the Univeisitv Wednesday Ills plane clashed oichestia undei the diiection of 'while he was flying at a low alti Joseph Ragains, will be featuied tudo in a foimation of othoi Maiine on Campus Vaiieties ovei WBAA, ^yeis He was in a squadion of
Satuiday afternoon at,4 The gioup pilots, all of whom weie ciedited lambda Delta Actives and Pledges IS composed of Kenneth Roquemoie, with downing Japanese planes in ■
fust violin, Mai 10 Pagliaiulo, 2nd GoAdalcanal air combat viohn, Chailes Boonstia viola. Bob While flying at a low altitude, his Slack, cello, and Dick Boimoi, seemed to go out of contiol stiing bass south end ot the new an base
Tn V/.i.ot,o= urool Iv Lieut Kennedy letuined to this cl 62 a condition test m Highway Conin addition Vaiieties weekly , , , J u 1 i, i btmctiun CE rj will be held at l to p m, playlet will be a stmv of the wolId countiy last Novembei and while o- „ 206 of the of enteitainment by Anna Mae here he paiticipated in the au show Civil LuMnocni Building
Craig Jimmy 'Westovei, populai
Naval Training
Initiation will be held Sunday at
in loom 222 ot the Union Actives bc^ero
it ^ 45 a m foi ] lacticc RIGGS Cosmopolitan Club Impoitant business
mtctinc liiday March IJ at 1 15 in r^m
TOT of th Unu n -UOl i
ClA? 3 20
“What it the meat is tough ^ In these times you oughta be happy to get something you can chew on loi a while ”
University Calendar Friday, March 19
pianist will again do a veibal nusical impiovisation, which delighted Vaiieties audience last
week
The old favoiitcs will also letuin with Ld Giuis as Mastei of Mad ness Becky Ann Peivin as Patsy, Alt Woods as Boitiam Swizzle, Viiginia Maitm as Moitle and I any IMillei as Piofcssoi T U
Butts
Cast in the playlet titled “Opening Night’’ will be Caiolyn Wood and Wilfied Scott Admission to Campus Vaiieties IS Hoc High Waters Flood Dump
impoitant meeting of rifle D5 ot the Ficldlioiise at 1 16
- WALSH
PRI—19
4 00 PM Co^moiiont m Club Mtetin-, Pooni >04 Union
Saturday, March 20 L
8 >0 P M Mixti biolh Balli ooms. Union Merry-Go-Round ‘ Space Wasted
/ rill nr hi( k-hnf TaTjoi lr,ir!
West Lafavelte Baptist Church Corner oi Chauncej and Columbia Rev I B Gleason Ministei and Pastor oi Students 9 30-—Rogei Williams Found i tion class houii Pi of C E Dim mon toachei 10 35—Moining Chuich Seivice Seimon bv the pistoi The Man Who Caused the Cioss of Jesus Music bv the chon dnccted by Ivab Gnuven Pnee Louise Rippeit oi
gainst
2 30—The chon ind the pastoi will hold a soniLO at the Pvthian
Home
5 30—R W r fellowship hoiii and suppei 6 30—R W L foi um houi Rev Waltei H Nibbelink will speak on ‘ 'W^hv Sludv the Bible ’ Pin dim Chiistian foundation Satin daj—n R j Confcicncc Leaving liom 1 1 S Giant it 12 10 letuimng htu by midnight All tlncc L ni\ ei sitics Pm due Butlci an 1 Indi i i i w ill til o turns it le u' itif ilie oi'-cuss on on tie ib]cct Disciples 5 outli III Action—P isl Piescnt 111(1 riituu ’ Sund i\ moining 11 the I il ivetfc ( lunch Buildii g f th and Noith St 1 0 — Student C 1 mses Pio1 Lstev he 1(1 oi the Histoii (loveiii meiu iiid I conn ics Deiiaitineiit will sjie il on the subject Demoe 1 lev in the Post W ii Woikl The Bool of Acts uid Revel itioiis will be leviewed in the Bible Cl ^s 10 10—Cnuich AVoiship Seivitc 1 he Rev Dovic Mullen will pi each tlie ‘-eiinon Kec]) in mind that this IS the lenten ^eison le uling up to Listei Atiend ehuieh Sund IV I venin^ it 1 1 S (iiant a 15—15c ‘'uppei ioi Pcllowshii) (Pe sine to si^n uji it Student ( lass oi ( ill 4 >9 |)j 1 00 and come on time ) ) li—I 1)1 uin piogi im he^,Innln^ \ ill singin-, uul leeii itio i Dis eus ion begins i new senes on the post w u woild 1 be Ik lee Idlow p \ il le !(l out on the political i peels oJ winnin„ the pe lee ’ in p nil discussion led by Lugene Nicholson C h 111 in in Loh Smitl S\l\ii 1 inlev Bob Leal and i\I 11 tlu J uic ( etiingei Close with w 01 hqj pc 110(1 I \ 7 0 Riveter Frosh iC ontinucd fiom page 3) oi i 1( w \( us I) icl Cl Hide I iB iw a 220 m in I eo R i I Ineaststioki Boh C iimmmgi. a liaekstiolc uul lieest le iiti t uul i [iiii oi new men K nn in I 1 von iieestvlois llii uoLip iiqincnted by Rav and loc the Anthonv twins on the boai is ma e (lUite ci foi inidabk 111 t\ uJ in sf V ( ai m itei i il (ul\(i \Iiliiiiv Aiukmv IS i iui( tuin (Lit ipiinn team C ulvei (Oc-cli 1 ml \\ illiitis isaJoimoi Miehig III in in and was i stai on Matt Mini Wolveiiiu seju id dui iiif. 111 (( Ik (I iv
(Continued fiom page 1) lousas I i lioists Inat he w is one of 15 memlcis of the Stite senate who V oted to sue Huey P I oiig iioni being impe lehed Con giessman Daniel K Iloch oi Road ing Pa IS pioud oi the f ict that he was active in piomoting the Appalachian fiail a mountain path loi hil CIS Sen itoi Rulus 0 Holman oi Oiogon was i manii factiuci ol papei boxes Sen itoi Robeit Rice Re>iiokls of Noith Caiolma is pi oiid ol Ins ti ivel books Wandeilust ind Gvpsy liails Congiessman Elmoi H "W^ene of New leiscv deseiibes himself as the ov nei and opci itoi ol a baby ehiel hitcheiv ‘'cna toi Kenneth S AVheiiy ol No Inaska who deieited Cicoigo Noi iis accounts ioi twentv veils of Ins life IS i licensed emb ilmei an 1 lunei il dll cetoi ® Chicks Work Overtime 1 \ ei \ c ne i i i Ai u i le i is \ nl 1 to th w i elloit—b it 10 w Ol 1 1 hill e mu h 1 ^g so ni in i\ be lim 1 is si o t is col ee m 1 I u( 1 1 hev v idle i o le I Inn a in i is no i 1 loi i ei 1 norlitv i t i ov(s (vei Hie 1) i ' lei I ( W it ()ib 1) ne fit (I ( ei eii i cage*- I he eliie' c i i i \ o 1 ii g ovtilimc to upjilv i (IC 1 i( such IS the c uinli v h nc v( i 1 lu w n i he \ i SI ])])!\ n i new in lu li v th ( I led e^ mdi tiv \ Inch h 1 ipe 1 eo tin il pi i iii in in the p isl tinee \e is nl is now sLipi 1\ iiu A it i n 11 A L ) 1)1 iti li ' l ssims lu Arne MCI IS ill ovni tl e \ ( 11 I 1 I ee VI 1 lb i| e 1 e I us I e s mo 1 te 1 t > ihout S 000 000 )o mils piodiie I b\ H pi mts \ Ol 11 o il\ ill w mo it'is i \e u lo u Uic u i e lOOpliiKwm mg II I ee shil I ill im i e pi nits u e 1 inkliiu I h( jnoduelion ^oil ol diud (oi pow leied) e^., (oi 1 il > is 1 >0 (lOO 000 inn n 1 n I il \( u i illv w nil Lo ippieeiiti th it iiguic tl nisi iti it into eg^s i( the i iLe ol (1o/en to the pe und I he lesult is I( 200 000 000 e„„s
Dark Horse
111 tin Debus '-iioiisoied do,, ((iite t will he iiiteied by the Jx pontiif J lu ( niiiu willeonipete ten the title ol the i\]o t Uncalled loi Do„
® Her> in Big Busirness 1 he tai si ins get Uieii di led eg,,s 11 om us m li n I (Is— ul in in inendous ciu intit s I S unlit iiy fences in Nkiifh Aliici lul Inc Solomons ne e itmj. sei nnhkd eggs this neiiiing mule hv in in„ diicd (^,-S with liied mill u'ding i little w itei n 1 se isoning to
tastv
Iji itish on 1 he loik'hound loiL iL&sol M ilta 111 ( itnu U S diiul eggs Clews ol t' S suhmiimcs me! h ittleslnps get then Vitimm (A the line w i\ lo he sLiie th it the e„, s will t iste 111 111 iL the w 11 11 out i worn in 111 ( V( I \ U S pi ml bends ovei ( ic h egg as it i dioiiped into the (lull 11 (11(1 aiiplies the test ol smell -loi whieli sue nees Ills lound no substitute lo mile suio 111 it enou,,h tush <g s go into Iho (living nuliistiy OJ’A IS ihout to set up i jniee dill 11 c nil il A soiiiewh it higliei pnee will he pud ten eggs headed loi tlu powdei null th m iot eggs i oiiig liesh to m uket
Ihiee liigshot laboi kadeis—■ Huiv Bi uiges of the Intern i tion il Longshoiemcn ‘ind Waie houseman Joseph Cun in ot the Nation il Maiitimc Union and lohn Gieon piesident ot the CIO Shipbuiklois Union—have lu&t filed a hot ‘bill ol piiticulais with the A\ ai Shipping Administiatioii de manding tint immeeli itc steps be liken to icniedv waste ot since ot ships „oing to Noith 'Alnci as well
IS dclav s 111 ship s nlings
Among oLhei things the 1 iboi Ic ulei s chiige tint siiul ill ist iveii^ing 000 tons to a ship is being loaded on ships le iving 'Ameiiean ])o>ts foi Noith 'Afnca to be used on the letinn vov igo to
the L lilted Stites
W SA oflicials countei the 1 iboi leadcis’ cl iim bv savins that thcie lie no facilities toi hillasting the shqis it Alncin poits, ind th it it Is neeescaiv to billast hoie fust to piev^nt the vessels liom capsi/in,, when thov letinn omptv But tie Lliice CIO 1 itlcis deny thi They (onteiul th it steam shovels and lei el im i\ ul iblc it Atiicin poll ind tint dnt is is „ood i
l ul 1 Ol 1) ill 1st
! he thice leideis ilso point out 1 1 t th e 11 vnn ol icseivr b il i lo \t lei tiles up 000 ton ol pieeious (u„ s]nec which could hcttei he utili/e I loi the hippnn (1 equipment Lo (,ei I is( 1 how e I tl ( p I lu 1 il n le lele i i ecomnieiul mol lie sqii e! ons oi Ion hi cine n 1 i( \ in liom I Ol t o pen t to pi e vi 'e uk qu it n i ipow i 1 o Ind int Mlied i pl\ sli | A P flew w h 1 \ 1 itc the m nub I (|K) lo the Seeictuv ol A 1 leiiMui c IV s thing) h ive ehuned siiue Heniv Will ice went iw i\ \A ill (( use I to (Il couise on eve vtliin liom the love li'e ol 1 It nonius t) the do i md i min (11 I 1 i k IV s C 1 ew Put Vou gel none e I ili it luim AVu I i d' Du u te 111 sle 1 ( o jis h i (k V 1 ed m ill pin pose so ip loi sold ei s „u 11 n U e d to 1 ithti e itlie i in the lain I iiiel oi in the oce in Aloievne il h i i ilcisii odoi me' in view ol iii i utU i min iniLim Inht lelket iiiee 1 ind iin th it the ( n md i die | mis e isdv whei d ilv Hit (JMC invent d i pi stie 1 eve t i lie eh iw ii ovei the 11 le 111 I m Inn opci ition I lie idle e m he file 1 w iLliout i e nu v mg
the sk eve
Spnng Hoods oi high wateis, hive ecme igiin and w itli them high vv itci ilong the AA^bish Ac (Oidiin to Weatheiinin Lehman the w itei is now it the i5 loot maik which is not ihnoinnl foi this
lime of the veil
C ommunteis and othei s vvhb ti iv cl the levee m iv h ivc noted the use in watei level and is i lesult pools so tai fiom the iivei bank aie com mon The land is quite flat heic so
th it the w itc I is up to the bottom ' U'
ol the land leiilacement piojetl the
eitv dump
School To Hold 7th Graduation Tonight Umveisity Naval Tiaining School will hold giaduatioii ceiemomes foi the laigest class in its short histoiy tonight at 7 m the Music Hall Ovei 200 men will be latcd as electi lenn si mates oi as stiikeisfoi thatiating The seventh company be„an cl iss woik on Novembei 30 and has taken an intensive couise in wiimg mo tois and othei duties ot an elec tiicians mate dui mg the last 10 weeks Ensigns H J TouineV md S L Whittcmoic Weie in comm md
ot the gioup
Commandei Hugh J Bntkv commanding ofiieei ot th seliool vv ill piesent eei tifie ites to the gi id nates and Paul H Gn kins w ill spe ik
ioi his class
Rifle Icnm
tl im in loi m 1 1 m Satuici IV
Senior Military Students Students taking Ml who miss tlu two hour period in J ictus (1 nils w ck tiitiuK Maich fth h ill su liicir iistiitcor pioniplly and in.ngoui n.ki , <t Militan TraiiiinK (irtiflcates Those stu lints wh an i t ii th LRC md expect I ion the Arm I Siivirc should call at tlu Aimoiv to m k an muimints 'or their liOrC Ciitihc Lis ROBINSON Alphi Phi Ometo All a lives banquet w II hi lull ruiscliv VInnh 21 All mem 1 ui'iie I t iiltii I H you aie «omg t I thci n tifv Buit Ruck oi Myron I r I 1 1 C nv Hill 1 f 1 Sunday Ac (i\ 11 1 mind (I th it (lu hike lb this Still M 1 h n t I I V ih west on t. mi r tlu Uni 1. GOSSWEIN Doe (onto t Vttindaiils Miit at 2 16 on S I lilt I I \ 1 I H ill with dogs I 1 1 Nl nl IS ai 1 d riiti ns v ill he E 1 \ I (I 11 I s 1 n w on display 1, 11 1 1 w f th th) I m Shop
RICHARDSON
Skull md erisiciit Vilivcs and Pledges I m 1 1 il ( n n I I II I it w ill be Thurs 1 M 111 M til Hi ivilon rowc: at 1 H 1 I A li\ 111 nu know be I I W II s I IV if V 11 n t 1 < thcr
CHESTNUTT
Notices
All \\ )mtn ^Indents 11 o St I Jb Sc ut C i i (. il IS It n tl ol i Is I Ihc i c i >11 tl I mm 11 v il bl unit 1 id 1 SNi tint uml j i li md w
(.1 I md 2
S c Ills I I cl
tl / Un y / I I 01 i I I n J h lU Students
f r \olunLary
1 horn th main i ion Monday J 1 the 1 nlist^
ROBINSON 1 V Miroh 23
i 1 1 cti n f f rt. Us ion of pRdj, t or excused or
SI DDON
Ihcio will he no feHtuidi> Mar 20
KNAPP
t J Ay
Track Team (Continued fiom page 3) tl lined it the Univeisitv Re lavs Galoie In the I el n s w h eh v ill pi o\ ide the m un highlight of the evening botii univcjbitv aid college sections will compete at one mile two miles md in i dibtmce medley (440 880 h 1 mile) In iddition thoie v ill be I tom mile leliv in the iinivei sitv divisioi In (letei mining the team titles in both college md univeisitv divi sions toil pi iCsS will count The lelav cvetPs will be scoied on ihe jiicmiiim has s ot 10 poults toi iii st b points foi second 4 points foi thud inrl 2 points (oi fouith In dividii il ov ents w ill be seoied on Lhe usual 5 12 1 basis Seivice Athletes In Field Events The field in the individual events I expected to be bolsteied bv i iiumbci ot ^eivie uhletes lecenth (leelaied eli,,ibk toi eollegi itc com petition ineluelng AAMiitev HI id e Old hie king hiiiclei who will (om)iete fievn C lie i„o In livuliiil events te lu eentested incluek the ( 0 \ u (1 1 isi f 0 ^ 1 I high md 1 iw huidl sill lum 1 pole viiH ind liot p it ( 0 (( 1 He 1 n ( n Pnill p Ik 1 iv s Dll i eloi h s 1 1 mne I tlu e ve uiii s 1) o,,! un lie 1 tlu spec aims pom ol view vv 1 li event to tollovv event 111 1 tpi I 1 e e I < c md the iLlik le s to 1 e poi it th St 11 1 line it ilie ] 1 0|ie 1 t 1 e V tl vut tn u ( in iini I ig e 1 In leti i i I le e nlii e pi o 1 mi V 1 1 he (oneenti t d in vv o Ul 1 e ne 1 ill li i is Eveiything for a College Education DEAC’S
ramcra f luh S) i V u T t \i I { n 1 1 t tl W t 1 It i th II M r
t) th 1 Ia( m nt S n
il it 1
i I I DI h 1 I will 1 hi i r L n i t 1 1 1 th U
I uUuraii Students il n u I i\ \ IS li m ) n 1 1 I u hi
1 hci II
will be a so- ' lUv btoldorp S h ) 1 at 7 30 W\LT ACE
r i iiA I
1 lb ! It 11 Wtbt 1) k
u \
Chem 3 and 1 Student
< d G ndili 1 IS 1 1 m 1 1 ililr 111 i vsi 2n 1 I liti
tl Will t
All Students MI w il ffi th R tl 1 1 Cl r 1 1 t,isl r iti I Aj i (liicstc I t( mikc ir tl 11 s tl ic IT c (.1 L it It J, tl itioi i IC t^ivcn I r( t iLi L Reamers Ak lii,^ A
SIOCKMAN 1 C pi IT jU )h il) ( I Q 1 ti t V ntiy 1 1 I I 1 \R( I
h
'Classified Ads
Tj pewr Icrs 111 It ! I i: 1 iri I 1 if i> tic i li
1 u machines all makes i 1 1 urch istd MiraeoT 1 burbhotr 505 Mam,
k tl I i 2
it tl (
i 1 1
mm
to loan On diamonds watches, r ij. G tyi ewr Igts Alberts Loan
P Ul
ith 1 r V G\j n II oth I cl 11 al lob'y SlONl I \ I kl I M cl m 40 ot the Um i PRA\
Monev kin 1 1 Olficc I
\y anted G rls to w rk in Chestnut Room 1 MI J- b ivinj h urs P r luo Memorial U 1 \j 1 Ij Caf ter i OtTicc lost—In U 1 i kol I lass imp: Initials U \ I t ill Don it 2 II Rewaid
Jiy an Bxponent Classified'
A\ inted—"Bus boy^, in > Il Jg iniiiK s Cafettn i
tttci 11 for board
DO IT EVERY PAY DAY I
irom Philaielphui Itecori.
Swimming
Make
Sooner
Victory
Soond
(( ontuuied Jioin pnge 3) yud mil >0 metei In caslsti ol e events 1 ov (stihhshed these titles U the inmi il Aqu le uk list wintei In the B ,, 1 eii meet Itoy e ime in i elo e second to SI in: ei ol All lug Ul in th 200 vud event in tile ill 111 lhe Le un is piesentiv 111 e piiii g ten SI nine i w ill be ihse iit i will Jini ( (Hiiieilm m L u hie istsliolei J i om Ohio State AAfilh these iwo jiossihk (hi cits out of the iumun„ Ileull e t mds i bettei til 111 ivei ige cli mee to captuie hoiiois in the bieaststioke eve nts Besides Ileull e Coich Pijien giith will takcdivei Johnny Jeimgst md i medley lel ly te un eon isting ol Cummings Kayl and LaBaw
As a civilian you can speed U. S. Victory by helping conserve everything you own. USE (ilOWN CLEANING SERVK E KEGULARIA ANJ) BUY WAR BOXDS Crown Laundry
F/AE DRY CLEANING