J0 *
'SfJcdcL (jJjisiL, Sujmjm/L SodMofL ^dilwfL
Z-IW
Foundad In 1889
x>ao*te*u V DaAy Since 1908
Volume 52, No. 171
Varsity Show Cast Brings Days Of 1905
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 2, 1941
eturn To 36th Gala Celebration
senior P-Men Preparations Made University Plans Open House
Events For Returning Alumni
5,500 Enjoy First Night's Run Of 'College Widow' Purdue of 1905 came back to the new Purdue in the guise of George Ade’s “College Widow.” And the days of old Purdue seemed to please the 5,600 students attending the first night of the two night performance. The oply thing missing from an otherwise perfect evening
was the author. Lead Fine Cast
Marjorie Williamson, as the “College Widow,” and Henry Amt, as President Pete Witherspoon, led a fine cast through the two hour performance. Well directed by H. Kenn Carmichael, A. P, Stewart, and Curtain time for tomorrow’s performance of “College Widow” will be 8 o’clock. It is expected that the author and other prominent
alumni will attend.
Miss Helen B. Knight, “College Widow” set a new high for Varsity Shows. Outstanding single feature of the show was the portrayal of President Witherspoon, by Amt. His characterization of the fictitious college president was perfection and left nothing to be desired. Cast Well Chosen The cast of 150 seemed well chosen. Director ^Carmichael has overcome, what to us seemed, an almost insurmountable task, getting 1941 Purdue students into the mood of 1906 Purdue. A. P. Stewart injected music into the sci:ipt, which originally was without music, to make a true musical comedy. The dancing seemed the best we’ve seen on a University stage. One couldn’t mention all the able performances by the individual members of the cast, but the por-' trayals of Joe Shepard, as Larrabee, the coach; Carolyn Wood, Flora Wiggins, a waitress; Alberta Schmadel, Mrs. Dazelle, a chaperone; John Mingle; hero Billy Bolton, and Betty Wedge, Bessie Tanner, the athletic co-ed were all fipe. Authentic Backdrop Just as well done as the staging, singing, and dancing was the backdrop, designed by John T. McMutcheon. Buildings, that today are foreign to students, gave “College Widow” an authentic atmosphere.
Receive Letter Blankets Today Tonight at 6:30 p. m. the P-Men’s banquet, the major letter blankets and minor letter blankets will be awarded to the graduating seniors. Also receiving a major letter blanket will be Sister Juventia of the x-ray department at the St. Elizabeth hospital. Sister Juventia is a favorite of the players—^always taking care of them when they are injured or “sorta babying them” as
Ted Axton put it.
Those receiving major letter blankets are: Ted Axton, J. E. Bisse, M. A. Byelene, K. B. Carrell, G. R. Doherty, J. A. Edwards, J. W. Henderson, F. C. Herschelman, G. Higgins, E. J. Holderman, R. L. Igney, W. H. Lindsey, E. M. Meilwain, W. J. Neff, D. W. Rankin, A. W. Rossi, Paul Pauline, N. R. Swarts, S. J. Thurseby, T. A. Tycreke, W. J. Waterhouse, F. J. Weber, J. H. Winchell, S. B. Anderson, R. E. Bailey, D. S. Campbell, F. L. Darowshi, V. W. Lamoureawx, F. J. Sute, R. K. Johnson, and R. J.
Wente.
Those receiving minor letter blankets are: C. W. Allman, L. F. Briggs, D. R. Faut, R. A. Hoffer, K. N. Ketterring, R. I. McKenzie, J. Mann, J. H. Papurca, J. W. Post, J. A. Powell, F. D. Richards, C. H. Silep, T. J. Suneson, R. C. Tuxworth, R. W. Anderson, J. R. Mecredy and 0. P. Smith, c.r.m. Military Department issues Traffic Rutes The R.O.T.C. Corps will present a formal review this afternoon at 4 o’clock on Intramui'al Field. It has been requested that the following traffic regulations be followed during the afternoon in order to facilitate its presentation. All pedestrians are asked to enter the field prior to 3:40 o’clock and after 4 o’clock by the Third Street entrance. There will, be limited parking space at the north and, south ends of the field with entrances from the northwest gate, on Stadium Avenue, and the southeast , (Continued on page eight)
For Founders' Day Banquet Tomorrow Preparations are being completed for the annual Pounders’ Day banquet, held here tomorrow to observe the 72nd anniversary of the University. It will be one of the highlights of the Gala Week program. The banquet will be held in the Union ballrooms, at 6:46 and will adjourn in time for the performance of “The College Widow” in the Hall of Music. A dance will follow the
show.
John W. Wheeler, ’16, a member of the University Board of Trustees, will serve as toastmaster. Guest Of Honor George Ade, ’87, author of “The College Widow,” will be guest of honor at the banquet and later will attend the student performance in the Hall of Music. With him will be John T. McCutcheon, ’88, who designed the drops and scenery for the play. Mr. McCutcheon hopes to have with him Charles G. Davis, former vice-president and ambassador to the Court of St. James. George Ade Davis, ’06, will attend as guest of Mr. Ade. J. Emitt Hall, ’06, and Palmer Edgerton, ’06, will be honored at the banquet. Mr. Hall retired as trustee last September after 13 years on the board, and Mr. Edgerton will retire this coming July 1 after 17 years’ service. Distinguished Alumni Award A “distinguished alumni” a'ward will be made to Dr. A. W.^itting, ’91, now of San Francisco, who is regarded as an authority on foods. Mitchel Menacof, ’30, will award the Noble E. Kizer Memorial Trophy to the outstanding senior in athletics and scholarship. Specialties from “The College Widow” will be presented at the banquet, under the direction of A1 Stewart. Joe Reichman and his orchestra from the Netherlands Plaza in Cincinnati, will play at the dinner and dance, c.r.nfi.
Notice Exponent Sports Staff: Sports Edition Sunday. Report at 1 p. m. Saturday, May 3. HEIPLE.
Class Of '91 Ready To Date Co-eds
By Don T. Brophy “It’s a great pleasure, indeed,” said George T. Ashley, ME ’91 while resting in the Alumni office yesterday afternoon, “to come baclf to the old school and talk over old times with my chums.” Ashley travelled all the way from Hollywood, Cal., just for a little bit of “that old chumminess” he knew 64 years ago. This old alumnus at present is a retired business man, active in the Alumni organization out on the Pacific Coast. In his undergraduate days at the University, he was the first adjutant general of the student army training corps. Returned In 1934 The last time Ashley was back to his alma mater was seven years ago. He did not see everyone he wanted to at that time so he returned again this year for the class of 1891’s Golden Anniversary reunion. Among the other old alums browsing around the Alumni office was Elmer E. Water, former member of the Indiana state legislature, who for many years has been the contact man and reunionorganizer of his class. Typical of ,the spirit and fire shown by this
class of half a century ago, eight of whose members have already declared their intentions of returning for the reunion, is evinced in the ultimatum to the campus as a whole thrust into our hands by Water. We quote; “Rah! Rah! s-s-s-Boom! Tiger! ’91!! (’91’s class yell) “Get out of the way! Here comes ’91 and we may stumble over you. Rules For Students “Rules formulated for government of student body, faculty, poobahs, doctors and other insects infesting the Purdue campus: Realizing that our advent and mellowed charm is liable to produce heartthrobs and other disturbing phenomena, .we_promulgate these cast iron, chrome trimmed rules to be enforced by the Gestapo. Co-eds who develop cardiac disturbances, overawe he-members, will soon realize that we' have lost none of our susceptibility to glamor. The girls should use restraint in competition in dating us ... We insist that girls pacify and reduce their present bepu to non-militancy and that he is provided with a substitute charmer. . . . Girls shall pay all expenses and bills and furnish an approved brand of conversation.
If she feels an overwhelming desire to tip us for our attentions, we will accept same without demur up to the amount of her dad’s bankroll. “Remember that these same rule's apply to boys dating our feminine contingent ...” Signed—Elmer R. Water ’91. Other Members Other members of the Golden Jubilee group already expected are Martha Doan of Westfield, Ada Earl Frey of Lafayette. Ira A. Jaques of Bath, Edith Hull Luten of Indianapolis, Wilbur N. Morrill of Louisville, Ky., and Daphne Kieffer Thompson of Muskegon, Mich. Scores of alumni from all over the United States are expected for gala week celebrations today or tomorrow, Among those already present, who have travelled a long way to renew old acquaintances are Iris Tummey Hollowell from Greensboro, N. C., Prank LeCocq, ’ll, from Everett, Wash., Margaret Ward Lewis, ’21, will arrive sometime today, after coming hundreds of miles from Guatemala City, Guatemala, to participate in the 20th class reunion, of the class of '21.
May Queen, Court Make Appearance At Gala Week Dance Besides Joe Reichman and his combination of smooth dance music and showmanship, the Gala Week dance tomorrow night from 9 to 12 o’clock in both Union ballrooms will feature, at 10:30, the presentation of May Queen Jean Jones and her court. Queen’s attendants are Ruth Bennett, Georgia Carroll, Vickie Milea, Peg Terstegge, Yvonne Holden, Merle Hagemeyer, Jean Chandler and Rosemary Feil. Reichman will play for the Founders’ Day Banquet in the ballrooms tomorrow evening prior to
II
The Pagliacci
. . .'of the Piano,” Joe Reichman (above) brings his orchestra here for the annual Gala Week dance tomorrow night in both Union, ballrooms. the dance, and seniors and alumni buying tickets to the banquet will be admitted free to the dance. Otherwise, tickets will be one dollar, and will be on sale at the door. Tomorrow afternoon at 12:30 o’clock Reichman’s recordings will be played on the WBAA “Meet the Band” program, and at 2:15 Reichman, himself, will be interviewed over that station. Newman Club Group Travels To Ohio State Fifteen Newman Club members will leave today to attend the annual Ohio Valley Newman Club Convention to be held at Ohio State University. The convention will last until Sunday. The members making the trip are “Bud” Luers, president, of the club and Rosemary Goodman, vicepresident, who are the official delegates. Fr. Holland, chaplain of the club will also attend. The others attending are: Pat McLaughlin, Margorie Clifford, June Goodman, Jim Barr, Mary Margaret Horan, Jim McConahey, Claudine Chalmanaic, Tom Taylor, Ed Wojtowicy, Monica Buergler, Charles Clark, and Bob Delong. c.r.m.
Athletic Booster Honoraries Will Aid Gala Week Visitors
«
Establishing an all-time record for pre-opening registration, one hundred alumni registered yesterday afternoon for Gala Week. The majority of those attending Gala Week activities are expected to register this morning, Eth Baugh, alumni sec-
retary said.
To aid Gala Week visitors who are unfamiliar with the campus, the Gold Peppers, Reamers and Gimlets will serve as guides today and tomorrow. They may be found in and about the Union and may be identified by their caps. “P” Men’s Banquet
First Exponent Editor Reviews Paper History
By Dave Ochiltree
“We put the paper out in two little rooms above Dr. Thompson’s office,” said Francis E. Lister, first editor of the daily Exponent and first registrant for Gala Week, in a visit to the offices yesterday. Lister then dug deep into a satchel filled with papers and pulled out that first daily Exponent. “Ninety percent of the Faculty and students predicted that this would be just a flash in the pan, but from the looks of things it turned out to be ..quite a flash,” he said. He then went on # explain the early history of the Exponent. Previous to October, 1906, it had been a weekly publication, but became a five column, four page daily paper on October 2, 1906 with Lister as
the Editor-in-Chief.
Lister insists that the editor and business manager of ’06 put him up to making it a daily publication but it is certain that without his efforts there would have been no Daily Exponent, at least not in
1906.
Alpha Zeta
. . . national agricultural honorary, announces the following oflScers for the school year 1941-‘42;-Robert Swaim, chancellor; Phil Johnson, censor; Robert Riggs, chronicler; Marion Topliff, scribe; and Jake Ramp, treasurer.
Highlighting tonight’s Gala Week events will be the annual International “P” Men’s Banquet at 6:30 o’clock in the Union North
Ballroom.
Ted Axton, retiring president, will open the program when he introduces Bill Combs, incoming president. Principal speakers of the University’s seniors will form by schools tomorrow afternoon at 2 o’clock on the Oval to raise the traditional Gold and Black flag bearing the class numerals, “1941.” Immediately after the ceremony, the seniors will march to Ross-Ade stadium behind symbols of their schools and will be followed by the
alumni.
The flag will be used tomorrow
night as the backdrop at the Gala
Week dance in the Union.
evening will be Mai Elward, athletic director; Joe Boland, new assistant football coach; Mitchell Menacof, class of ’30, who donated the Noble E. Kizer memorial tro-
phy; and President E. G. Elliott.
ROTC Marches
At 4 o’clock the University ROTC commanded by Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese, will hold formal review on the Intramural Field. Pedestrians are requested to enter the field prior to 3:40 and after 4 o’clock by the Third Street entrance. limited parking space will be provided at the north and south ends qf the field with entrances at the northwest gate from Stadium Avenue, and at the southeast gate on Second Street. Parking will be prohibited after 3:30 o’clock on Third Street, Fourth Street, Stadium Avenue, near the field, the north side of Ii^ tramural Field, and in the parking
(Continued on page eight)
Today's Program
This morning 10:00 a. m.—Renewing Old Acquaintances—Campus Tours—Vocational Industrial and Industrial Afternoon 1:30 p. m.—Campus Open House until 4 p. m. For the Agricultural, Home Economics, Physical Education and Science Schools, also the Library, Lofiomotive Museum, Power Plant, Women’s and Men’s Residence Halls, Armory, University Airport; Ag tours start at Hort Building. ' 3:00 p. m.—^Women’s Physical Education Classes—Archery, Golf, Horseback Riding, Tennis—^Women’s Athletic Field. 4:00 p.^.^—ROTC Military Review—Intramural Field. Varsity Baseball — Indiana vs. Purdue Varsity Tennis—Ball State vs. Purdue. Athletic Carnival — Shimming, boxing, fencing, wrestling, squash, etc.—Fieldhottse.
Mixed Recreation — Women’s Gymnasium (Memorial Gymnasium). 8:00 p. m.—^Dolphin Club Aquacade with AAU events—^Fieldhonse., 9:00 p. m.—^Annual Gala Week Dance—South Ballroom—Memorial Union Building. Var^ty Golf — Ohio State vs. Purdue. Modern Dance—Women’s Gymnasium (Memorial Gymnasium). Tonight 6:00 p. m.—Dinners—as arranged by secretaries of reunion classes. 6:30 p. m.—^Annual International “F’ Men’s Banquet—Union Building. Presentation of “P” Bhmkets to the Senior Lettermen. 7:00 p. m.—Campus Open House (until 10:00 p. m.)—Uhemistry, Engineering, Pharmacy, Physics, Power Plant, Labs and Shops in operation. How the Field Artillery Works—Guns in action—Radio and Telephone Demonstrations—Armory.
v'VC' " ■ ■ • :
2-
Friday, May 2, 1941
fiuAduiL
The ^fh Columii
Latest reports sliow. According to the Gallup Poll that eighty-three percent of the American people stand definitely against war. For us. Which leaves 22,100,000 of the citizenry of this great country ... Listed among the insane.
Firmly entrenched in essential positions in industry.
Too old to fight.
Or holding down captains commissions.
See where the president has requisitioned a round-up of foreign vessels in American ports to carry our bundles to Britain. The general idea is to shift them to British registry and place them in service in the combat zones. Personally we’re for him one hundred per cent. Our motto is: Sink somebody else’s ships first.
The whole plan is to get that bridge of ships built in a hurry. As Admiral Land summed up the job—FDR “wants everything expedited . . . Like hell.”
Which must be pretty fast. At least every time someone gets mixed up in an automobile accident... He seems to have been driving that way.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second claai matter at the peat oUlae la Lafayette. Indiana, under the act of Consreaa of Mareh I, 1879, and «t the apeeial rate of postage piovidad for', it* section 1108, act of October S, 1917, authorised January 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Sesaian. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail aubscription, $8.60. Kditar-ln-CWef.......... ......«• W. Danaliaa Buainesa Manager Marie Hagemayar Publication Staff News Editor _.^_J. H. McKee Managing Editor. ...... D. X. Hblple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell,'.It, 'W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Busincit Staff . Iiocal Advertising Managers: D, S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. Fi Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation' Manager, K. M. Recktenwald. Co-‘ed Staff Editor... Beth Sbrnpaon Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose,. Donna . Siess. ■ ■ Sports Staff Editor..... _.... .... J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim*
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Zinski Day Editor: Losey Issue Editor: Butz , Sports Editor: Keeler Proof: C. R. McIntosh, R. Boswinkle, V. Barson, D. W. Ochiltree. Workers: M. K. Boynton, P. A. Howard, E. G. Keiper, D.; T. Brophy, 'W. M. Clark, J. F. Amos, 'W. G. Hoskins, T. B. Novey, P. I. Jones, J. L. Traugott, A. Chatfleld.
Joein^ ^Round By Peggy Howard
Y’know college has the strangest effect on people. Here we’re spendin four years struggling to get away, while the alumni spend their time struggling to get back for Gala Week. Yessir, collitch is a funny place. Especially if you’re on the outside looking in. There’s so much going on this week-end that the University has printed a special calendar of the activities on campus for all who want the facts. The rest of you are invited to read this column.
tain tonight at a formal dinner dance , in the south ballroom of the Union. Irv Given will, play for the occasion and summer formal attire will be worn. The Beta’s are also entertaining with a formal dance tonight. This dance will be at the chapter house and will feature the music of Paul Reedy and his campus band.
with a fashion” to the. campus for this dance.
The Pi Phi’s will hold a spring formal at their chapter house tomorrow night also. Maury Mahns will furnish the music for dancing.
Tomorrow night finds the Theta Tau’s entertaining at a formal dance in Duncan hall. Bill Benson, who was recently featured in “Downbeat,” will bring Kis “music
Tonight at 8 o’clock the Triton -and Dolphin swimming organizations will collaborate in presenting the annual Galacade in the fieldhouse pool. High school swimmers, swimmers from various athletic clubs, and members of the University varsity team will all attenipt to set new world’s records in the various events tonight. ■ 1)1 ♦
Chi Omega sorority will enter-
And speaking of. bundles to Britain. Hitler seems to
be carrying on a personal service of his own. With a little more consistant delivery . . . Via air express from Berlin.—dkh
Session Fees Include
Use Of Health Service
Summer Session fees will again entitle students to the privileges of the Health Service. The service’s staff of four doctors, one laboratory technician, and two registered nurses will be at the disposal of the students daily during the entire ses-
dollars; cost of X-ray or clinical examination made at a local hospital or the University laboratories up to ten dollars; first aid in case of accident on the campus incurred in connection with University duties.
Rockhurst college will be host May 22 at a national symposium on “The Good Life in an Industrial Era.’"
Pi Delta Epsilon, national honorary collegiate journalism fraternity, will install its thirty-fourth active chapter at the University of Texas.
Some of the privileges of the
Health Seryice are: free physical
examinations required for swimming certificates; medical consultations from 8 to 4 o’clock on week days, arid from 8 to 12 on Saturdays; filling of prescriptions by the school of Pharmacy free of charge; ex-, penses in a local hospital up to ten
TODAY- SAT.—2 Hits
« RCPUBLIC PICTURE
GENE AUTRY
BftCKINTHE5A90LE
ALSO
—TODAY - SATURDAY-
ALUMNI EAT
AND
DRINK afr frhe GREEN GABLES
Lafayette's Largest Drive-In Between Main and Brown Street Levees ;
in Belle-Sharmeer
aa
mw Al
TODAY- TOMORROW LAST TWO DAYS
AUBELXHUR
with Robert CUMMINGS CAarfes COBURN
— ADDED —
MARCH OF TIME'S LABOR and DEFENSE
Feel gay and carefree with - '
EAU PARFUMEE
The gayest, newest luxury! A few drops, in your bath will brush away the cobwebs of fatigue and leave you feeling delightfully refreshed Use it as a body spray or rub-—the fragrance clings for hours. MAIS Otil EAU PARFUMI^E $125
Abo>MaitOuiPerfume,4l.50to$10.00 —Talcum, 75e—Both Powder, $1.25—^ Foce Powder, $1.00—Rciyge dnd Upslicii;, 7$c each.
This Summer Visit New York and n
SENiORI . Vi liy not gel started on your Career this Summer? By Fal’ most of the good jotis u ill be snapped 'ip UNDERCLASSMAN? . . A Summer job now can be wonderful experience for later! And New York abounds with all sorts of helpful courses for your chosen carcet.
d
MERELY VACATION-MINDED?.
There’s no more thrilling place to spend a Summer than New York, with its shops, theatres, museums, nearby
beaches. ' . .
Plan to stay at The Barbizon, Neiv York’s most exclusive hotel residence Jor young women. Its splendid location .. .versatile program of cultural pursuits and physical activities ... provide the perfect background; Complete library .. . art and miisic studios (equipped with Steinway Grands) . . . swimming pool . . . sun deck and solaria . . . squash courts . . . gymnasium . . . 700 rooms each with . radio.
TARIFF From $2.50 per day From $12.00 per week , Write for deitriptive booklet C.
BELLE-SHARMEER STOCKINGS exactly sized IN your leg width AND length. Banish WRINKLES and twists. YOUR legs look PRETTIER and your STOCKINGS wear longer. ASK for your LEG size by naflie: BREV for smalls, MODITE for mediums, DUCHESS for tails.
$1.00 to U3S a pair
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
Nevr York's Most Exclusivs Hotel Residence'For Young Women Lexington Avenue at 63rd Street New York City
622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Starts TOMORROW
The Tr iumph That Topsi "The Great Ziegfeld"j Is Here At Last!
SOMG** ^Land mo"? morel
^ _ wHh
LAST TIMES TODAY «tNCY KELLY—lOHH LOD
NANCY KELLY—JOHN LODER
IN
W« Are Now Restoring the
VITAMIN Bi
Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levela by Using Fleischmaiin's
Hi-Br Yeast
BmRY
TOI>AY thru sat.
— AND-
with RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE
PLUS
WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
SUMMER SCHOOL Room and Board Directory
Mrs. Ruth Morehouse 224 Northwestern DOUBLE ROOM—SINGLE BEDS
Abram B. Martin ROOMS FOR 6 FELLOWS DOUBLE $12 218 Marstefiar St. i
Mrs. j. A. Jackson
142 Sheetz' SINGLE AND DOUBLE $5-$T-$I0
Mrs. Gertrude M. King DOUBLE $ 12—Room for 14 222 Marstellar St.
Mrs. H. R. Jacoby 456 Northwestern DOUBLE $12.50 SINGLE BEDS
Mrs. C. E. Kellar 5 DOUBLE ROOMS 237 Grant St.
Mrs. Walter Thomas 317 Pearl St. DOUBLE $9—single BEDS
Mrs. H. C. Whitenack 2 DOUBLE — SINGLE BEDS 130 Andrew Place
Mrs. Nellie Goss 1 DOUBLE AND ADJOINING SLEEPING ROOM FOR BOYS—$9 Also 3-room Apartment 146 Pearl St.
Mrs. Frank Fox SINGLE — DOUBLE 223 Harrison St.
Mrs. Lewis Learning
Miss Elizabeth Aiken SINGLE $10 SUITE — SINGLE BEDS $10 1571/2 Pierce St.
2 SINGLE 246 Littleton St.
Mrs. John Holdefer 226 Pierce St. 2 DOUBLE $10—4IINGLE ISEDS
Mrs. Lola Douglas DOUBLES — BOARD 276 Littleton St.
Mrs. Frank Schubert 492 Robinson DOUBLE $15—SINGLE BEDS $12 IF 2 PEOPLE
Mrs. Harold Higley SINGLE DOUBLE 702 Evergreen St.
Mrs. Bertha Wells DOUBU 1007 First St.
Mrs. Cecil Reeves 439 Salisbury DOUBLE — TWO SINGLES
Mrs. Charles Kent 2 SINGLE 223 Chauncey Ave., South
Mrs. I. F. Britt 440 N. Salisbury 3 SINGLE — 1 DOUBLE PRIVATE ENTRANCE'
Miss Mary Memmer SINGLE— DOUBLE 1$t FLOOR ' 248 Chauncey Ave., South
Mrs. G. K. Stafford 120 Sheets St.
Doubles with Double-Deckers (New) —
Mrs. R. H. Plumb 1 SINGLE 416 Chauiicey Ave., South
Mrs. Pearl Beeker 141 Sheetz St. 7 SINGLES $7
Mrs. G. R. Bradley DOUBLE— SINGLE BEOS 713 Chelsea Road
Mrs. Robert Dyer 110 South St. 4 SINGLES OR DOUBLE
Mrs. T. E. Purcell 2 SINGLE — 1 DOUBLE 328 Lutz Ave., West
Mrs. Roy Nelson 456 Maple St. 2 SINGLE $10 — DOUBLE $8
New Insulated House 2 Blocks From Union Private Bath with Shower 236 Harrison St.
Mrs. Forrest Williams
INNER SPRING MATTRESSES AIR CONDITIONING DOUBLE $13 — SINGLE BEDS 124 Marstellar St.
Hot Water, Shower and Bath 2 Block North of Fire Station SMITH 433 Vino street
The Foregoing Rooms Are Approved as Reputable Rooming Houses by the Dean of Men.*■ ‘■j ^
pi'i V
«( *
fijuJulusL £xfiiDmnL
Friday. May 2. 1941
(paqiL 3 > SummofL SiMioJt-
Summer Session To Start Thursday, June 12
Lanny Ross To Appear At Music Festival July 19 Lanny Ross, radio tenor now heard daily over the NBC? network, will present a one-hour program in the Hall of Music Saturday evening, July 19, as a climax to the annual University Music Festival. Amateur musicians from all over the state are expected to flock to the festival, where contests preliminary to the annual Chicagoland Music Festival will be held. Following the performance by Lanny Ross, winners of the day's contents will be presented on the Music Hall stage. Contests In Union Building
Choruses, voice soloists, trombone players, accordionists and baton twirlers will compete in the various contests during the day. Contests will be held in the Union building, and winners of the competition will represent their district in the Chicagoland Festival in August at Soldiers Field. One of three such festivals to be conducted in the state this summer, the University meeting will grget a representation of the majority of Indiana counties, since the other contests, one in the Calumet district and one in Michigan City, will be attended only by those living in the adjacent counties. Stewart In Charge University musical director Albert P. Stewart, who is also a member of the board in charge of the Chicagoland Festival, will direct
the University festival and coordinate its activities with those of the Chicago contests, r.l.h. 4-H Club Representatives Will Meet Here June 9-11 Members of 4-H clubs from each county in the state will attend the annual 4-H club round-up on the campus from June 9 to June 11. Representatives from the various counties are selected on the basis of their 4-H achievements over a period of several years. Representatives are chaperoned by county extension agents, vocational teachers, And local leaders. A program of demonstrations, judging contests, recreational and social activities has been arranged.
Summer Session Opportunities The trustees of Purdue University through President Elliott provide a wide variety of required and optional courses in a Summer Session. These provisions are made because they are believed to be real and genuine opportunities for Purdue students. Nine weeks in the summer are just as much a part of real life as any other nine weeks. The prudent question for a student to ask himself is: how can I best spend nine weeks this summer? This question deserves straight thinking. " For you the best investment may be a job. It’s all right to work for money. For you the best investment may be a long lazy vacation. Frazzled nerves need rest. For you the best way to look out for Number One may be to get some required or optional courses mastered and recorded on Professor, Stone’s books. It’s all right to look out for Number One. Summer Session catalogs are ready at the Summer Session Office, Executive Building. Come to summer school if it pays you to do so. Sincerely, F. B. Knight, Director of Summer Session.
Special Schools^ Intensive Courses Will Supplement Regular Curriculum With both regular and intensive unit courses offered for graduate and undergraduate students, the twenty-ninth annual Summer Session will open on June 12 and cover the nine-week period up to August 9. Several special training schools and conferences will also supplement the regular instructional curriculum. According to the Summer Session bulletin, work done during the period is fully accredited by the University, and requirements for admission are the same as for the winter session. Class and laboratory periods are doubled so that the work required for regular semester credit can
be completed.
Fees for the full period and four or more hours of credit are set as follows: Indiana residents $31, non-residents $41. For the intensive unit courses, these fees are—^residents, two hours $12.50, three hours $18.50; non-residents, two hours $16.50; three hours $24.50. The fees for less than four hours of nonintensive unit courses vary between $9 and $31 for state residents, and $11 and $41 for non-residents. Intensive Courses
Preceding registration for the regular session on June 12, the first series of intensive unit courses will begin June 9. The second series of these courses will begin June 30, and the last series will start on July 21. Graduate theses will be due on July 12 followed by a breakfast given by the University for the graduates on August 3. Baccalaureate theses will be due on the closing day of the session, Aug-
ust 9.
Special schools and conferences tp be held throughout the session include a 4-H club round-up, fraternity officers training school.
Dr. Frederick B. Knight
A Hearty Welcome to All SUMMER SCHOOL STUDENTS The Oldest and Largest Bookstore on the Campus Is Well Stocked and Ready to Serve You With— Worthwhile Savings on • USED TEXTS • Standard School Supplies For Those Extra-Curricular Activities— • THE SPORT SHOP—Equipment and accessories for every sport. We hope you are able to take full advantage of the fine athletic and recreational facilities offered by our University. • THE SWING SHOP—For evening relaxation, moonlit nights and picnics—add to your enjoyment with the latest records of your favorite bands. We are also exclusive dealers for Emerson radios and record players of all types. • GENERAL LITERATURE—Supplement your regular studies with a program of worth]t^hile reading—fiction, non-fiction and classics. A complete Central Library if you prefer—3c per day—minimum 10c. — FOR COMPLETE STUDENT SERVICE —
PlIMIEeOOK&SUPPLYnCRE
LYLE CRIDGLEY-MANAGER
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE IND.
Glider Club . . . memberships for the summer will cost $10 and there will also be small additional flight fees, it was announced recently. The members of the club plan to fiy every day during the summer. At present the club owns two sailplanes, one two-passenger and one single-passenger. In the past members have won several prizes in jthe American National Soaring meet held annually.
workshop for superintendents, housemothers training school, folk dance and dramatics institute, rural youth training school, rural leadership school, vocational agriculture teachers conference, conference for custodians, an ediicational leaders clinic, a short course for drug clerks, two units of a life-under-writers training school, secondaryschool principals workshop, the music festival, a music leadership training school, and a school superintendents and fiscal officers con-
ference.
Social Activities Social activities wiU include the summer prom, held in both ballrooms of the Union, scheduled for sometime near the middle of the Session. For recreation the Union, Memorial gym, Fieldhouse, riding stables, tennis courts, and neighboring golf courses will be avail-
able.
Playshop presentations, mass sings, a summer choir under the direction of A1 Stewart, music director, and a summer orchestra under Joseph Ragain, assistant choral director, are also planned to fill out the activities, f.i.j.
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc*
THE CASCADE $500 A 2-ounce hat by the famous LEE Water-Bloc piocess. The Cascade will wear longer because it takes three times as long to make. It’s / reliable, foldable and super-serv-iceable. LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Insured Hat,” $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
U 8 PATENT OFF,
^sddJs/tiu are exclusive dealers for in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before yon buy your new SPRING HATS Prices $3.50 to $5.00 •OOMUNSr. g i^rs CWTOKUMPIHC
f
* 5 J,r-i
/i 0 I
■ Xk
fiojpL If - Summah,
FHday. May 2. 1941
S^KJuim £xpomnJt
Studebaker Chorus House Mothers ^ r s/gma Pi
To Sing At Summer Session Banquet Dr. Knighl*, Dr. Elliott Will Speak At Dinner Songs by the popular Studebaker Chorus will provide entertainment for Summer Session students and faculty at the annual banquet, July 10. Dr. Knight, director of Summer Session, will be toastmaster for the evening The only other speaker scheduled is President Elliott, who will give a few woids of welcome. The Studebaker chorus, directed by Ethel Stuart Gaumer, and consisting entirely of men employed by the Studebaker Company, is recognized as one of the outstanding musical organizations in the country and has sung on the radio several times together with appearing for numerous other public concerts. J. Robert Hammond, EE ’37, is accompanist with the organization. While he was at the University, Hammond was active in the musical organizations as accompanist for the Glee Club for four years, and also as its manager. Teadiers'Safety Course To Use Workshop Method Using a workshop and the solution of problems instead of merely studying assignments, the safety education course (S-120) offered to teachers desiring to meet the state requirements for safety instruction opens on the campus June 16 and continties until July 3. The course is limited to forty and is planned to assist the enrollees in assembling and developing material for use in their own classrooms, as well as providing them with equipment to work intensively on problems related to their own work, according to those in charge of the program. The course does not have a fixed
School Opens Here June 16 Again this year during the Summer session the University is offering a training school for house mothers, house directors and others in charge of student living groups. The course will run for four weeks from June 16 to July 11. This will be the third consecutive summer that this course has been offered to housemothers, and it is expected that the enrollment will be larger than either of the previous years The course will be divided into SIX mam topics, including problems of house management, work with groups, personal counseling, demonstrations, philosophy and objectives of student housing, and the psychological foundations of human behavior. In addition to staff members,several outside lecturers will be on the programs. Professor Sarah Blanding, Dean of Women at the University of Kentucky; Mrs. Harding Cecil, of Brockett^Cecil, Inc., and Mrs. Davis G. McCarn, counselor to women at Northwestern university, have been scheduled to lecture during the course. All housemothers registered for the school will be housed in the Women’s Residence Halls. In addition to the classwork, a planned recreation program will be offered to those here for the course. Mrs Lena McDougle, local Kappa Kappa Gamma house mother will be in charge of this activity, while Dean Dorothy C. Stratton is in charge of the entire course, r.h.r.
schedule, but instead the days are arranged to give the students approximately one hour of general talks, group discussions, or demonstrations, one hour of small group meetings, and a complete afternoon of individual work and conferences. e.k.
"HOOSIER" By Heath Bowman Bobbs-Merrill Co. ' This is a book about Hoosiers, written by a Hoosier. Heath Bowman, the author, was born in Muncie, and, after spending many years away from Indiana, returned several years ago to travel more than 8,000 miles throughout the state, gathering extensive material in an effort to discover the characteristics that make up the Hoosier personality. He went to county fairs, studied local histories, talked to countless people—both farmers and city dwellers—and, the result of this survey is an unusual and most entertaining history and large-scale character sketch. ' Instead of the usual historical style of writing, he has applied an original touch and tells of many men and women whose lives are a part of Indiana’s development and history. One reads of such men as Lanier, the great financier, Baynard Hall, an early educator, Levi Coffin, Quaker director of the Underground Railway; one leams new and interesting facts about Lew Wallace, great general and writer, about Booth Tarkington, young Indianapolis playboy who became one of our most famous authors, and
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Charles Hess, Seymour; Rodger Amsler, Rensselaer; Bob T. Jackson,
Chicago.
“Doc” Miller’s famed pill-rollers twice defeated the Exponent’s propagandists in bowling matches last summer. Butch’s team won the first 2447 to 2388, and the second 2682 to 2391.
about Paul Dresser, song writer, and his brother, Theodore Dreiser, the great naturalistic writer. One discovers how many statesmen and politicians Indiana has contributed to the country—^men such as Oliver Morton, Civil War governor, Thomas Marshall, World War vice-president, and the Harrisons, William Henry and Benjamin. All of we Hoosiers will heartily agree with Mr. Bowman when he writes that the leading characteristics that distinguish a Hoosier are his quick and ready wit, his slow, easy way of living, and an intense pnde and happiness in the knowledge that he is a citizen of Indiana —a Hoosier!
WELCOME BACK ALUMNI While reminiscing about the days when you went here why not take back some pictures of PURDUE as it is today? Remember — We Handle Photographic Supplies SCOBEE'S 105 KORTHWBTERN AVE. PHONE 2343
mcl NEEDLEWORK An added touch o’ style steps up thib handsome two-tone street-sport model.
Two blended shades of quality calfskin
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3rd. Street
Phone 5372
FREEMAN
$1
A. B. C. Shoe Co.. Inc.
406 Main St.
Phone 2001
TORE! IT’S THE America u
MERICy UOIEER...
And such a dress it is, whether your game is played on the fairways or highways. This, the button-front version, is done with lots of stitching, big pockets, and an elastic belt. The fabric is fine chambray, in perfectly
grand plain colors.
Sizes 10 to 38 Exclusive at
$6.95
Stewart Will Direct Third Annual Music Leadership School Living up to its fast growing reputation as one of the musical centers of the middle west, the University will agaiu offer as part of the Summer Session curriculum a school of musical leadership, it was announced ^recently by A. P. Stewart, University musical director. This, the fhird annual leadership school, will be held during the week beginning July 7 and is designed to serve the needs of community leaders who want a brief concentrated period of study. No Special Requirements There are no special entrance requirements and the program is general enough to meet the needs of all those who enroll. However, academic credit will not be given those \^o attend. All meetings will be held in the studios and auditorium of the Hall of Music. Director of the school is Albert P. Stewart, director of musical organizations here and state music
director for the agricultural exten-^ Sion department. The remainder of the staff consists of Joseph Ragains, who is assistant director of musical organiations and conductor of the University Orehesfefa, and Miss Dorothy Locke, who was formerly a member of the DePauw faculty and who has for the past eight years conducted her own voice conservatory in Elkhart. Cost of Course The cost of the course, which includes tuition, all necessary books, and music, is $6.00. Any further information may be obtained from Stewart. Registration is scheduled for from 8 to 12 a. m., July 7; classes start at 1 o’clock the same afternoon. The program includes voice class, orchestra problems, chorus repertoire, chorus conducting class, and rehearsals with the Summer Session chorus. The school will close July 13, with a cantata given by the leadership school combined with the Summer Session chorus. j.f.a.
Edith Mason, Metropolitan opera soprano, was the featured guest soloist at the University music festival during the 1939 Summer Session.
POPCORN
DAD'S PLACE
SACK 5c^GALLON 15c
^ —
DELICIOUS APPLES 5c
So Handy
Do You Know? Perspiration and soil weakens the fabric of a garment.
Lay away your WINTER WARDROBE Sanitone Cleaned Now— You’ll be glad you did.
Watch your Step! Follow M Arthur Murray’s ' Dance Teachers
7
When girls who dance day and night are enthusiastic about a deodorant, you can be sure it’s good! Odorono Cream meets even the charm requirements of Arthur Murray’s busy teachers. It checks perspiration safely for 1 to 3 days. It is non-irritating, non-greasy, non-gritty. Follow the lead of the girls whose jobs depend on daintiness! Send for your jar of Odorono Cream today!
$10 WORTH of LESSONS IN ARTHUR MURRAY DANCE BOOK and GENIROUS JAR of ODORONO CREAM If the instructions in this new Arthur Murray Dance Book were given in his private studio it woyld cost $10! See how easy it is to learn! And see how easy it is to bold your partner when you uic ODORONO CREAM!
THE ODORONO CO., INC P O Box A. New York, N. y. Send me the new Arthur Murray Dance Book and generous introductory jar of ODORONO CREAM I enclose 25f to cover printing, mailing and handling. Name v Address
>1#' i -i *'-^1 H ' r
y > \ ^ M />j‘ , yi/ / ^ V/^ V , r ~ ^ ;%^ ’ <
^r4 , J ' '
V( 4
•91 )I“P -rtV-^ eS'J<v{s^
fiuhdm. £xpofuinL
Friday# May 2, 1941
} (paqsL 5‘ SMunumh, SsA&ioiL
'."itW
Sr 4 r¥ W^,
Two Rural Leader Training Schools ToMeet Oh Campus Two rural leader training schools will be conducted on the campus this summer instead of the one large school held last year. The first, the rural youth training school, is scheduled from Monday, June 16, to Friday, June 20, while the rural leadership school will* meet from Monday noon, June 23, to Saturday noon, June 28. The rural training school is sponsored jointly by the University’s 4-H department and the Indiana Farih Bureau, and will include dis-
cussions on a wide variety of subjects including public speaking, marketing, dramatics, program planning, and group singing. Campus Speakers The majority of the speakers are men from the campus including Deans Mary L. Matthews, M. L. Fisher, and H. J. Reed, Professors 0. F. Halls y. C. Freeman, H. F. Ainsworth, and a large number of prominent off-campus men such as Indiana Farm Bureau officials. The total cost of the course inclttding meals is $7.50 which must be paid at the time of registration. While the complete program for the thirteenth annual rural leadership school is not available at the present time, three off - campus speakers. Father Liguiti of Granger, Iowa, Dr. D. E. Lindstrom of the University of Illinois, and Profes-
sor J. P. Schmidt of Ohio State have been engaged. Shortened To Five Days The leadership school has been shortened from seven to five^days to accommodate the large number of church men that attend the school. Considerable time is allotted to the discussion of the common problems of leaders, such as social trends, monetary problems, and the-work of social organizations in youth training. e k.
K K,pp, m JinudiL JalL
. . . social fraternity, announces
The first songfest of last year’s Summer Session was held in the Hall of Music for the first time. Previously the mass sings had been conducted in Ross-Ade stadium. Feature attraction of the sing was Jack Kurkowski and his fifteenpiece xylophone band.
social fraternity, announces
the election and installation of the following officers for the school year
1941-42:
President, Carl F. Shedrick; treasurer, Robert 0. Swaim, secretary, Edward J. Masline; chaplain, George J. Morgan; warden, Robert L. Vogt; historian, Richard A. Young; steward-at-large, George H. Bennett; bookkeeper, Alexander Laird; house manager, George WH-
son.
Recent initiates include: W. J. Badger, Cleveland Heights, Ohio; A. Laird, Winnetka, 111; J. M. Merriell. East Cleveland, Ohio; G. J. Overman, Westfield, N. J.; R. A. Young, Riverside, HI.
*f *
QooL and, Qomi^odabiiL Qahif^ diaihu For Summer Session Men
Refresh Yourself at the Convenient Cary Club Grill
RAfE (Room and Board) FULL SESSION# $90.00 Board includes twenty meals per week. No evening meals are served on Sundays or Holida3fs. Rotes for shorter sessions are comparable. Cool, Quiet and Comfortable rooms to live in.
J<!A. dhicJuudum,: The University Swiming Pool, Golf Course, and Tennis Courts are
at dialL SojulJd
With less than four Weeks left of this semester before final examinations, many students are already making plans for the summer. Some have doubts as to just what course to pursue, whether to get a job in industry or attempt to get as much work done as possible toward their degrees. The choice is not an easy one, particularly for those who are registered under the selective service act or expect to be registered under it shortly. For those select few with specialized training as machinists or toolmakers, who also expect to be called before they can complete their requirements for graduation, it would seem advisable to go back to work in their very necessary fields where they will neither sacrifice their experience nor their education. On the other hand, those students without special training or experience, who also expect to be called, have the choice of seeking a temporary job or attempting to speed up their educational programs by attending summer school. In this regard. President Elliott, in his introductory message in the Summer Session bulletin says in part, “In spite of the life-disturbing influences, one thing stands out clearly. More than ever before there is a need for those with education and special training. The 1941 high-school graduate looking forward to becoming a student of the University will find in the Summer Session opportunities to make sure of the quality and the quantity of preparation required for success as a student. The University student registered under the national selective service act and not knowing when he is to bo called for training duty, will realize the importance of using every day to move nearer to the completion of the requirements W his degree. The University students not yet eligible for selective service registration, will recognize his responsibility to use all available time to the best advantage.” There is no one in the world who can say now which course is the best to pursue. No one knows what the next few months and years will bring. Each student because of his individual training and qualifications will have to make his own decision. But whatever his immediate decision he should not lose sight of his ultimate goal, or aims in life whatever they may be.
Expect 40 To Enroll For Rural Education Workshop June 9 G. Robert Koopman, assistant state superintendent of public instruction at Lansing, Mich., will have direct charge of a two-week workshop in rural education for county superintendents to be conducted here from June 9 to June 21 by the department of education and applied psychology. Thirty-five to forty superintendents from Indiana and surrounding states are expected to attend. The workshop program will consist of three general parts; individual projects, group projects, and
group study of current developments and issues in rural education. The latter includes such problems as the defense education program and relationship of the public school system to various federal agencies, including ^TYA, CCC, and WPA. The full-time staff will be composed of one representative from each of the four Indiana state universities; Indiana University, Indiana State Teachers College, Ball State Teachers College, and this University.
The University played host to approximately 60 musicians and their organizations at the Indiana Music Festival contest during the last Summer Session. The program was climaxed by the opera "Carmen” presented by grand opera singers from Chicago.
Calendar For 1941 Summer Session Monday, A. M., June 9—First Series of Unit Courses Begins Monday-Wednesday, June 9,10, and 11—4-H Club Round-Up Monday-Friday, June 9-J.3—Fraternity Ofiicers Training School Monday-Saturday, June 9-21—Workshop For County Superintendents Thursday, 8:00 A. M., June 12 — Registration — Regular Session Friday, June 13—Instruction Begins—Regular Session Monday-Friday, June Ifi-July 11—Housemothers Training School Monday-Saturday, June 16-21—Folk Dance and Dramatics Institute Tuesday-Friday, June 16-20—Rural Youth Training School Monday-Saturday, June 23-28—Rural Leadership School ^ Monday-Friday, June 23-27—Vocational Agriculture Teachers Conference June 24-25—Conference For Custodians Monday A. M., June 30—Second Series of Intensive Unit Courses Begins Tuesday-Thursday, July 8, 9, lO-^ducational Leaders Clinic Monday-Friday, July 7-11—Short Course for Drug Clerks Monday-Saturday, July 7-12—Life-Underwriters Training School, Unit I Monday-Saturday, July 7-19—Secondary-School Principals Workshop July 19—Music Festival—Indiana State Preliminary to Chicagoland Music Festival Tuesday-Sunday, July 8-13—Music Leadership Training School Saturday, July 12—Graduate Theses Due Monday-Saturday, July 14-19—Life-Underwriters Training School, Unit H Monday, July 21—Third Series of Intensive Unit Courses Begins Sunday, August 8—Summer Session Breakfast for Graduates Saturday, 12:00 M., August 9—Baccalaureate Theses Due Saturday, August 9—Sununer Session Ends Date To Be Announced—School Superintendents and Fiscal Officers Conference.PiXigsL 6 - SumnWL
Friday, May 2, 1941
fijuAduiL £xpomnt
Summer Recreational Plans Will Include RehmusWiii Direct Fraternity Officers
Pool Swimming, Varied Athletic Events Continuing last year’s successful recreational program for the Summer Session, M. L. Clevett, of the intramural department, announces that all of the facilities offered to students then, will be available again this summer, with some new plans also underway.
Since swimming is the major sport during the summer, evidenced by its prominence last year, the pool in the Fieldhouse will be open for men during the day and for mixed swimming during the evening six nights a week. The Women’s Gymnasium will be open for women during the day. Anothei popular feature, “games on the green,” will be repeated. Once a week, badminton, outdoor bowling, soft-ball, archery, and tennis will all be played on the area north of the Fieldhouse. Students in previous years have turned out in large numbers for this evening of intramural sports. A golf tournament will be held sometime during the summer, and the three-hole practice course will be available. Two or three tennis tournaments have also been planned. Last summer a barbecue was held and will probably be lepeated again this year because of its past success. All equipment in the Fieldhouse that can be used by students during the winter term will be available during the summer months, as will lockeis and showers, which will include a section for the general public. The regular check-out procedure will be followed, and students are urged by the intramural, department to make use of the facilities offered, m.j.f. Ten Airplanes Available During Summer Session Seven Cub and three advanced training planes will be at the disposal of Summer Session students for an instructional fee of $7 an hour. The instruction will be under the charge of Captain Aretz, who supervises the civilian-pilot train-
Musical Activities, Prom Will Highlight Summer Social Life Although the full program for the Summer Session social activities has not yet been issued from Professoij O. F. Hall’s office, some dates have been set for the various functions. A songfest will be held on June 19 in the Music Hall, with all students'taking ;Part in the program, while a second sing is scheduled for July 30. This function has proved successful in former years. On July 10 there will be a Summer School banquet with the Studebaker Chorus entertaining. Date for the annual summer barbeque has not been decided upon, while the open air Vesper Service is planned for 4 o’clock SunAiy, July 13. The University Music Festival will take place July 19, and Lanny Ross is scheduled to appear as a soloist at that time. A large turnout of students is expected for the festival One of the regular Summer Session dramatic productions, a three act play, will be given in Fowler Hall the evening of July 23. The highlight of the social activities will be the Summer Prom in both ballrooms of the Union. In addition to the Prom, there will be weekly dances and a reception and dance during the first week-end of the Session.
ing, and the fiying hours obtained will count toward a private or commercial license, n.a.o.
School Principals' Second Workshop The second annual summer workshop for secondary school principals will convene on the campus July 7 to 19, with Paul Rehmus, principal of Lakewood high school, Lakewood,
Ohio, acting as director.
At the request of a group of Indiana secondary-school principals, the workshop program was initiated at the University as one of last year’s summer courses. The purpose of the workshop in secondary education is to enable mature secondary-school principals to work intensively under laboratory conditions on problems of special interest to them and to
their schools. Three Phase
The workshop as planned will carry out a program consisting of three major phases. The first phase will provide for individual problems selected by the enrollees. The second phase will provide for a consideration of curriculum construction as a central theme or problem to which some time will be devoted by all members of the workshop. Much attfention will be given to means and methods of stimulating and direct- ■ ing the curriculum construction activities of a school staff. ' The third phase will provide for a consideration of selected current developments and issues in secondary education, such as the relationship of the National Youth Administration to the public school.
Staff Members
Staff members to assist Rehmus in the direction of the workshop will be selected with the view of assembling individuals who are more or less experts in various fields of interest. Scientific problems selected for study will determine to some extent the choice of the other staff members. Drs. B. L. Dodds and B. C. Lawson, of the education and applied psychology department, will furnish guidance in the general field of curriculum construction. Further information relative to the activities of the workshop may be obtained by writing Dr. Geo. E. Davis, assistant to the director of the Summer Sessions, d.t.b.
Will Attend Five-Day School In Cary Hall Continuing its program to secure a well-balanced education for students along both curricular and ex-tra-curricular lines, the University will again this summer conduct a 6-day fraternity officers training school from June 9 to 13. House officers from fraternities on campuses in all parts of the country are expected to attend the conference, at which some 18 University and fraternity officials will speak. Enrollees will live and eat in Cary Hall.
Anyone holding an office in a fraternity or connected in an advisory or supervisory capacity with a Greek letter group is eligible to attend the school. It is especially hoped that presidents, rush chairmen, house managers, and treasurers of chapters will take advantage of this opportunity to talk over their problems with experts. Discuss Conclusions Provision has been made for discussion following each talk, so that the conclusions of the speakers may be discussed immediately and related to the problems of the enrollees. Those attending are asked to give consideration to their part in the discussion before the school opens. Programs will run from 9 to 12 a. m. and from 1:30 to 4 p. m. each day, leaving time for the delegates
to enjoy the University’s recreational features. “Your Future Is Now” Dr. Herman B. Wells, Sigma Nu, president of Indiana University, will speak at a banquet Friday evening, June 13, closing the sessions. His subject will be “Your Future Is Now.” R. B. Stewart, Alpha Chi Rho, University controller, wiir open the school Monday, June 9, with a talk on the “Place of the Officer’s Training School in Fraternity Management.” Following his lecture, Walter J. Millard, field representative of the National Municipal League, will discuss principles ahd practices of informal discussions. Millard wijl continue his talks in the afternoon, speaking on “Making Group Decisions and Elections.”
HOW DO YOO
RUTE
HER?
TbiwA. ihsL !! W. R. H. Open for Summer School
^
Room or Board
Regular board will be available to residents for a 26-day period — June 16 to July 1 inclusive, for $26.00. Breakfast will be served from 6:30 to 8:15; lunch at 12:10 and dinner at 6:00. Dinner will be served at noon on Sundays and holidays. No evening meal )vill be served on those days. Dinner will not be served on the evening of the annual Summer Session Banq[uet. SESSION RATES FOR ROOM ONLY One Week $ 4.50 Four Weeks $17.00 Two Weeks 9.00 Five Weeks 21.00 Three Weeks 13.00 Six Weeks 25.00 Full Summer Session 32.00 (Other length sessions at comparable rates)
Laundry Room Electric Washers Irons
Room Includes Use of: Sewing Room Leisure Time Books Shampoo Room Musical Library Bed Linens and Spreads Recreation Room
. The Fountain Grill Will Be Open! Reservations Will Be Made for Room Only, or for Room and Board Address: Director, Residence Halls for Women, Purdue University, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 8413
There’s always a girl in the background ... If looking well in her eyes is important to you—might we suggest an inspection of our new Spring and Summer Suits. Flattering in fit—becoming in color— and mighty attractive in value—at
^17.75 up
SOORAIHst-
CLOTHFS SMOP ./V
fijuJidm £xfwmnt
Friday, May 2, 1941
Annual Galacade Tonight
Riveter Golf Squad
\
EngagesOhioState
Draws Over 100 Entrants TodayinHomev,it
. The Galacade, swimming contribution to the annual Gala Week program, will begin tonight promptly at 8 p. m. in the Fieldhouse pooh This event, expected to be the most spectacular of any yet given on the Riveter Campus, has already attracted 110 of the country’s outstanding swimmers.
Four States Represented
Mermen of professional, amateur, and high -school rating have entered the meet aS guests of the Boilermakers. With fourteen athletic clubs of four states represented, the sole sports event of tonight’s Gala Week schedule promises to
be a colorful success,
Henry Kozlowski, an outstanding high school swimmer who is representing Lane Tech of Chicago, and who also has been a close second in the National A. A. U.
Another From Lane
Roy Heidke, also of Lane Tech, should prove to be more than just
adequate competition for James Counsilman and make the 100-yard breastroke of real interest. Counsilman, of St, Louis, set a new YMCA record in the national competition and was outstanding in the National AAU meet. Betty Bemis, who took over the women’s national 220-yard free style record, will share top honors with Joan Fogle, recent national backstroke winner, and Patty Aspinall, who will make an official attempt to break the 100 meter back-
stroke record.
Why Not--MEET AT WALGREEN’S When You’re in Town e QUAUTY.FOOD e FRIENDLY SERVICE > YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREER'S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Get an Autographed Copy of His Latest Hits on VICTOR RECORDS
Reichman and His Orchestra Will Play for the • "Mixer” at PURDUp UNION Saturday Night.
THE FOSTER SHOP East Side of Square
Riveter golfmen will encounter their fourth opponent of the season this morning at 10 o’clock at which time they will be host to the linksmen from Ohio State. The Boilermakers defeated Detroit in their first match and then lost successive encounters to Illinois and Notre Dame. The match, to be held at the West Lafayette Country Club, will be opened at ten in the morning with the doubles tilts. Singles contents are scheduled for the afternoon. Billy Gilbert, of Ohio State, will be the outstanding rival of the meet for the Boilermakers. Gilbert established a score of 298 at\ the tough Ohio State Hnks last year to become Big Ten champion. Captain George Dahl will head the Riveter team, consisting of Knipp, Curran, Hoffer, McDaniels, and Dittmer. Aft§r today’s encounter, the squad will have a two-day rest before encountering the Indiana University sextet on Monday at Bloomington. r.l.m.
fiagfe, 7-SfioAt&,
Riveter, IU Nines BattleToday
Boilermakers To Meet Crimson Today In First Game Of Series
University of Georgia art department drew up a check 25 feet long, by means of which university sororities made a donation to the British relief campaign.
Undefeated Netmen Encounter Ball State Tennis Team Today " Taking/to the courts for the fifth time in the la^t six days. Coach Larry LaBree’s undefeated tennis squad will play host to a strong Ball State team this afternoon at 4:00 on the men’s courts in back of the baseball field. Yesterday afternoon4he Riveters easily defeated Butler of Indianapolis
by a score of 7 to 0. Bulldogs Overwhelmed
In their overwhelming conquest of -the Bulldog netters, the entire Riveter squad was in full form. Schumacher, ace man of the Butler squad, was the only man to -win a set from the Boilermakers. He won the first set against Captain Anderson, but fell before the fine playing of the Riveter number 1 man to lose the match 1-6, 10-8,
6-0.
After a hard-fought first set.
As one of the main attractions of the annual Gala Week festivities, the Riveter baseball squad will meet the Indiana University diamondmen this afternoon at 4:00 and again Saturday morning at 10:00. Both games are to be played on the Riveter field. Don Blanken, versatile veteran of the Boilermaker squad, is slated to take the mound against the Hoosiers in today’s contest. Incidentally, Don is the only Riveter hurler who can boast of a victory over a Big Ten rival this season due to his fine four hit conquest of the strong Illinois team last Saturday. - Contrary to previous reports,
UlfilcanuL SaxJc ALUMNI to the scenes of old Purdue, may many fond memories be yours. Henry Poor Lumber Co.
Harry McPerren, leading slugger of the Boilermaker nine will be able to play today. Earlier in the week
Fred Richards came back in the second to beat Trusty of Butler, 9-7, 6-0. VanCamp turned back Smalley by a score of 6-1, 6-4. In the doubles matches, taBree held back his number 1 team since by this time the Riveters had the match cinched. However, his number 2 and 3 teams came through to win both encounters by scores of 6-2, 6-1 and 6-4, 6-4. Today’s Foe Tough In LaBree’s opinion the Ball State squad in the match today should prove to be the toughest as yet encountered by the Boilermakers. Last week the lads from Muncie trounced the same Butler team which yesterday felt the onslaught of the Riveter netmen. The score of that match was 6to 1. Schumacher of the Butler squad, who yesterday lost to Anderson, No. 1 man of the Riveter team, was the only Bulldog racketman to win a match from the Ball State squad. For the match this afternoon Anderson and Ray Lucht will be in the number 1 and 2 spots. Stettner, Armstrong, Richards and Van Camp will complete the six man squad.
Kappa Psi
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: president, FArver Smucker; vice-president, Theodore Chekouras; secretary-treasurer, Paul Scott; and historian, George Paine. The annual spring initiation banquet will be held May 7.
HaiTy was nursing injuries after twice being hit by pitched balls. lU Has Edge In Big Ten Standings Although the Riveters boast of a fine 11 and 5 average of games won and lost so far this season, the Hoosiers can match it due to their better showing against Western Conference foes. They have won three and lost three, while the Boilermaker nine has salvaged only one of three games with Big Ten rivals. Against non - conference foes, however, the Riveters hold a distinct advantage. The Little Giants from Wabash trounced the Crimson squad after being beaten by Coach Fehring’s crew. Auburn has the distinction of whipping both the Hoosier and Riveter squads. Riveters Hit Harder Also, in hitting, Fehring’s men have the edge over the iiastimers from Bloomington. At the present time the Riveters are leading the conference in this department. For the second game of the two game series with the Hoosiers tomorrow morning at 10:00, John Janisch, sophomore outfielder and pitcher delux, will take the hiU for the Riveters. It is not definite as yet who will take his place in the outer garden, but either Carson or Waterhouse may get the call. Also for this game Blanken will probably take over McAffry’s duties at first base in order to increase the Riveter hitting power. The probable line-up for this afternoon’s game will be as follows: McFerren, secbnd base; Byelene, center field; Doherty, left field; Blanken, pitcher, McAffry, first base; Janisch, right fieM; Cook, third base; Meyers, shortstop; Fisher, catcher, j.s.d.
ALL 5c
GUM, MINTS AND CANDY SOLD 3 for 10c
All Books Used at Purdue
NEW and SECOND HAND
Everything for a College Education at Purdue University
H. G.
REISNER BOOK STORE
H. G. REISNER 325 STATE STREET
— ESTABLISHED 1908 — H. G. REISNER. JR. WEST LAFAYETTE
Your- Summer Headquarters REFRESHINGLY COOL All of Your Toilet Needs Ice Cream and Coke Bar UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
Free Parking in Rear Phone 4094
Next to Post Office
Free Delivery Phone 4094S
Friday, May 2, 1941
(pju/idujL £xponsiit
Alumni Return... (Continued from page 1) area immediately south of the armory Boilermaker Special Launching the second day of Gala Week, the University mascot, “Boilermaker Special,” will go on exhibit in the enclosed driveway between the library and the Union at noon today Souvenir picture-postcards
Military Department (Continued from page 1) gate, on Second Street Parking will be prohibited on Third Street, Fourth Street, and that part of Stadium Avenue along the north end of Intramural Field between 3 30 and 5 o’clock Dean of Men M L Fisher and Assistant Dean F I Goldsmith are on the program of the meeting of Indiana deans and advisois of men which is being held at Manchester college today Dean Fisher will speak on “The Management of Social Activities on the Purdue University Campus,” and Dean Goldsmith will discuss “University Problems Growing out of the Draft and the War Situation”
will be on sale to the general public at that time. Activities this afternoon will include special exhibits and demonstiations in various buildings which are holding open house These include the agriculture, home economics, science and physical education departments, the library, locomotive museum. Armory, Residence Halls, and airport. Campus Open House This evening open houses will be held in the engineering, chemistry, pharmacy, and physics buildings, with special programs planned at the armory, fieldhouse, and women’s gymnasium. Among important events coming
tomorrow and Sunday are the Gala Week luncheon at 12:10 in the Union ballroom, the Founders’ Day Banquet in the Music Hall, and the Gala Week dinner at noon Sunday in the Union Ballroom. Not listed on the program, but of general interest, is the annual Egg and Chick show open all day today and tomorrow in the auditorium of the poultry building.
P-Men: Banquet tickets available Friday May 2 until 6 00 p m ‘at P-Men’s desk in the Union Both major and minor lettermen are eligible Tickets are free to all P-Men —COMBS,
All Color Guards: Be in Armory at 3:55 promptly Friday, May 2 —GOEBEL
Ushers for Variety Show for^Thursday Night Report at stage door of pall of Music at 6 30 May 1 —GREY
Gimlet All actives and pledges should report at the stadium at 1 4B Saturday afternoon, May 3 —TAYLOR
must take the comprehensive examinations to be given May 3 and 10, 1-4 p m and 7-10 p m respectively in room 129 of the EE building —BRAY
Reamers: Show tickets will be ready for distribution at meeting Monday May 4 at 7 30 Please be present —BOHLIN
Notices
All Electrical Engineers Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10
University Choir: No rehearsal Thuisday May 1 Compulsory rehearsal Sunday, May 4 9 30 a m at Hall of Music —AMT
Radio Club. There will be an open meeting Tuesday, May 6, in room 264 in the EE building Mr C G Hylkema will give a lecture demonstration on ‘ The Measurement of Radio Circuit Elements At High Frequencies All members please be pres ent as election of officers will be held —REYNOLDS
Religious Council Peace Committee: Meeting Friday, May 2, at 4 p m. in room 68 of the Union Open to all interested —MOFFET
POMM All members firing salute meet in front of Fowler Hall Saturday, Ma;? 8, at 1 30 Please be prompt —McCAMMON
Classified Ads
Typcwntera and adding maeUnaik n«w and oaed, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, |S9 TS to 8C9 60 Office supplies Mimsograph and multigraph work. C F EberAoff, tM Mala St. nmae. 277t
4-H Club: Annual Spring party will be held at Women’s gym Saturday, May 8, at 7 30 p m Tickets may be purchased at the door for 16c or they can now be bought from Frank Goris for 10c —ANDERSON
Sophomore Union Workers All sophomores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meeting Monday, May 6, at 4 16 p m in room 306 —BENNETT
ftLAN'S
Phi Lambda Upsilon Pledges Fledge meeting Saturday, May 3, at 1 p m in loom 106 of Chem building If you cannot attend see Dr Hunt m physical chem lab. Monday afternoon —ALEXANDER
Organization Presidents and Others Concerned Request that any dogs- owned or controlled by your organization be confined so that they will not cause a disturbance during the review by the Cadet Corps on Friday, May 2, from 8-6 p m —ST MoMaken
All Sophomore Chem and Mets: All sophomores who have not been excused
Cosmopolitan Club: There will be no meeting Friday, May 2 —CORTISSOZ
Beauty Salon
All Students Planning to attend the summer session of the University should get an application at the Admission office (6-2) —D AMMON Exponent Staff' Keep the deck cleared for action on Sunday May 4 for the annual Exponent banquet in the Union at 6pm (27-4) —DONAHUE
Operators of Outstanding Skill
For Rent Ruee-Reat-A-Car Service Can for all occasions Min $2 69 all night. Phone 3497
Sophomore Union Workers All sopho mores petitioning for junior jobs must be present at meeting Friday May 2 at 4 16 in room 303 —BENNETT
Lost Pink gold Hammond wrist watch with brown silk band Will finder please communicate with Florence Croll at 8413 Reward
Model Railroad Club: Meeting Saturday May 8 at 2 p m at layout for election of officers —DARR
Rooms foi summei session Single loom $16 Double room $11 147 Sheets
Wanted Thesis to type Call 66264
PIA Chorus Rehearsal tonight is can celled because of ‘ College Widow ’ —SMULEVITZ
(L JifL Jto Summsuc SxJtooL SiudsmiA,
Selected Service
Moke your plans to live in the Union. Hove access to all of the advantages the Union has to offer. Nearness I and availability to eating places, the village, and the Campus drectly point to the advantages of living in the Union. ^ ^ ^
The Union in the Smmmer— Seven Stars Point to the P. M. U.
/
/
☆
54'
54-
-<p
/
/
54-
/
54-
54-
dG>
0*
0^
/
Stay in the Union—Play in the Union Rest in the Union IhiL fiuhdujL TyismufuaL lAmon,