■,:4.(¥j'ti.
kJV'
1^ i
<,■'
Cohvo
Cary Cful to Holid
Br^^ilian Artist Will^ Preseiif program Qf i^-lght Opera, Ccrncert Numl>ers !’ ■ .’ By Katie Howes ^ Bidu Sayao, called by Time magazine the “Metropolitan’s nipst decoratiye recruit in years”, will appear in a program of lipM ppera pieces , and concert npmbers tomorrow pight at T'SO in the Music Hall for the second convocation of the ' seirhester/'’'■ ■ . " The Brazilian prima donna’s program will range from such
widely assorted numbers aS the ;aria “Caro nome”, from “i^igolettO’’ bj? Verdi, and “Mazurka”, by Chopin, to “Hey, .Diddle, Diddle”, a parody by Hughes, The concert will be divided Into si?c sections, one section beipg played Ijy her accompanist, Milne Charhley. ' . Bidu Sayao (pronounced Bee-doo Sigh-yow) was a tremendous international success, even before her New York debut with Toscanini at Carnegie Hall in 1935 and since that time has been engaged by the Metropolitan Opera, singing all the gi-eat. lyric and coloratura parts
there.
Miich Decorated 'MisSN^ayao is typically Latin in lo6ks, being slim, dark-eyed, with shining red-brown hair and especially noted for her collection of jey^els and clothes. Dainty arid feminine as she is, she still has almost as many decoi’atiops from prewar foreign governments as a general, many of them being in the form of her favorite jewels such as the diamopd pin given to her by the Crown Prince of Italy after she had sung at his wedding and the diamond encrusted medal from the French government. Among, her o|;her jewels is one of the world’s, iripst fabulous emei’ald necklaces, valued at .'?80,000 by jewel experts, So loyal to Brazil that she pi-e-fgrs to wear only native Brazilian jewelry, Miss Sayao has become so effective as a “good will ambassador” that she has been named “Brazil’s Singing Ambassador” by President Vargas of Brazil, a close personal fplerid of her’s. Languages Hinder Goodwill Miss Sayat) feels that the one tping that will help more than ariytpirig else to further good will between nations is to learn each other’s, language. She claims that too ffew people even realize that while tile rest of Tiatiri-Americans speak Spanish, Brazilians speak Portuguese. Iri.42Qnnection with this, it is idtei'esting to note that the University, is offering this semester for the first time a course in Portuguese. , ■ ; Like most University students, Miss Sayao’s schedule does not inciude vacations; for after the winter opera and concert season in the United States, she returns to South America for the winter season there, as the seasons are reversed in tpe two Americas.; Admission to the convocation will he by passport or season ticket, with single admission seats being sold at the cashier’s window for $1.00 plus tpx. The doors will open at 6:46 p; in. Convocations will not be broadcast this semester.
Hif Hihohifo
Volume 55, No. 1 ' 7 -r-- ■
PUfilue pniversity. West Lafayette, Indbita
Friday, October 2, 1 >42
Queefl Of §5ind |#gs
Roderick's Band To Play At Unibn^ Annual Cary Club fa,ll dance will be held tomorrow night in the North Ballroom of the Union, featuring Bud Roderick and his orchestra with their “Music Styled For You”. Dane-, ing will begin at 8:30 and continue until 11:30. Admittance will
be by bid only.
Bgfpre organizing his orchestra three years ago on the University of Hiiriois campus E.oderick played with several of the largest bands in the country. He is an admirer of-Glenn Miller and has picked good swing musicians for his orchestra, Three of the twelve members of his orchestra write all the special arrangements that the band
plays. ,
Roderick has played at Tunc 'Town, St. Louis; Gypsy Village, Louisville; Greystone Ballroom, Detroit, as ■ well as on this campus. He playe^ for Gala Week last year and for the “Jailbird” mixer last
fall.
Faculty members will be received at 10 p: m. in the East Faculty Lounge.
i, Sy/edish OrumS/ Qu^m^sekout Sun To Jkppear
Jean Patrick
Grjpup On Immunhution Movies entitled “Immunization Against Infectious Diseases” will be shown by. the .student branch of the Am’ericgn Pharmaceutical Associa.tion pri October 6 at 7:30 p. m. in the Pharmacy Building, room 311. 'This forty-five minute movie shpw? how active immunization is ticable for diphtheria, scarlet fever, tetanus, pertussis, typho,id,:feypC, and'many others. . ^ ,, 7.. j- The film shows how egch oj t^ese diseases compriios a section wbofp: in niapp ..shp^ .the .^■eograpMp.^I tribfiti0p,V’|?iktignts,;;,e:^hihi7i :diagppilip'ligns,,iho piptJjpd pI imrriup|zatiQii •. ,ThP also"advises the proper tjme of iriimunizatipp, gg;^ipst .the,..ipfeptiQp8 diseases. ^ v, , ■ ■ Thp '^ipej'icap^ Ph'av|p£\pev(|lC3l Asspei^tipp li^s .voted be opeii .|;p 'the public., Any student, profpssdr pr pplsider ipterested in this subject mgy gftencl. . > .
Chrisflafi To Hpl4 ©Mtllff 7; The University Christi^p. Ppjipdation members wjjl meet pt 'tdp Foundation house, 131 Sppth Qfnnt Street, Saturday at 6:46 for g Weinev roast and hay-ride. ' The'group will leave tbri house pt 6:00 |jpd .;hike to the :^pir grounds |:or the,w,ej,uer'f'Ops(;, and the hayridp: W.il.i ,..etpr|t.,.afterwards from Ihere. Make rpservatiops by calling ^4^0 or 4393. The price will be 26 ■'cents.
Two Day Meeting Consisting of seven discussions and lectures by middle west poultry ancl farm authorities, the twentyfPurth annual Indiana State Poultry Association meeting was concluded yesterday. The two-day conference was highlighted by a banquet Wednesday evening in the Union South
bi^llroom.
Smith First Speaker
Yesterday’s program was opened by Omer F. Smith, Hagerstown poultryipan, who discussed the production of commercial eggs under war time conditions. Other speakers, who were Dr. T. K. Cowden, University representative; Dr. R. F. Smith of Bo.sweli; T. M. Ice of Louisville, Ky.; Noel Shaver, president, and Dr. R. M. Bethke of ■Wooster, Ohio. The meeting was brought to a close by Dr. Cliff E. Corperiter of Foi’t Wayne, Indiana, who pointed out the need of the
United States for eggs.
Attendance Near 300 Mark The sessions, presided over by President Noel Shaver of Ci'awfordsville, were attended by appi’oximately 300 poulti’y raisers. Besides the speeches given yesterday, there wer.e reports, committee meetings and presentations of various awards to state poultrymen. (Jlair Swogger of Kendallville was honored as the “most outstanding flo^k owner in Indiana for 1942.” ’,7yhe .speakers at the conference ft^phagi?ed new developments in Jhe ,poultry raising field and the relation between poultrymen and the ffl'; - ■ ' ■ 0r. Ism M. JSe^rs of. .^he history department spee.k,- on “The Future in the Rresept Perspective” at a dinner pipetipg pf the American AssoCiatiop of University "Womeri at D'anYsille, Jljinois, on Monday evening.
'WqiviQn
HS!4 Tfi , . Neijyconiep’s section of the Uniyei’Si^yMi’pniep’s Clph held its first ^ja^We^pesday, afternoon in the fapplty Ipupgp of the Union. Mrs. Ralph Caldwell was chairman
pf the meeting.
ToWelcQme Team Sunday Pqrqclq WiM Fprm In Front Qf Union GoId''Pcppers, Reamers, Gimlets; plus everybody else and everybody else’s brother and sister, are planning on giving Elmer Burnham and his Boilermaker burlies a warm reception Sunday morning at the Big Four station when they return frorii the 'Vanderbilt tilt at Nashville,
Tenn.
Band Will Play Returning from what is hoped to he a'vTcto'idous'day for the Rivefers in the South, the football team will arrive in Lafayette on the 11:38 ’a. m. train, providing the engine does not run out of steam on the way up. Besides everybody else and everybody else’s brother and sister, who are expected to attend the mass pep-session, the All-American University Band will be present, according to officials in charge of the welcoming party. The well-known “Boilermaker Mascot” will be tooting its whistle in the parade, which will start in front of the Union at 11:15. The cro-wds will pour across the levee to the station from that point. Members Will Speak Bruce Adams, senior yell leader, has announced that all fans should tune up their vocal chords for his cheers and that Head' Coach Elmer Burnham, Athletic Director “Red” Mackey and Assistant Coach Mel Taube will give short talks to the Riveters’ Welcomers. Further details will be issued in Sunday’s edition of the Exponent. A. P. Stewart ... director of Musical Organizations returned yesterday; from , a national meeting of the War Recreation Congress which met in . Cincinnati during the first of the week. Stewart participated in a discussion with recreation leaders and army officials on “How Can Music Be More Effectively Used in Winning the;'War?”
' Five glamproiiAflAe^T®, chosen by over a million friends on the campus, are ipakihg prepariatiolls today toTydlMniie the biggest, most festive crowd ever to attend a Riveters’ Rassel. Though a schediile of events has been ■vf^orke'd out for the season’s most fun-packed affair, the queens and the Sigriia Delta Chi boys adm it that extfa-currip.ular .events are likely to happeti at any time, anffho ah-inclusiye prograni could possibly be cornpiled, Assurances were made^ howpver, that the most looked-forward-to annual contest, the battle of the beards, would take place. Beautiful Jean Patrick, “Queen of the Sandbags”, who will preside over the affair, has assured this reporter that she personally would supervise the beard-judging contest and make tlie winners’ long sti’iiggle worth the while. Final beard appraisals will be mai^^with her own lily-white hands, .1 . Jean Thompson, “Queep of the Screaming Sirens”, Betty Ann McCreery, “(^ueen of the Sub Pub”, and Virginia Barsop, “(^uqen of the Shimmering Rails”, will add their abundant beauty, stuff, umph, etc., to the occasion. Miss Alice Cha|fie|3^,/‘^Jj|en qf the Blackout”, has issued the following statement about the dnnee: “For those who have never been caught in a biackout before, the, Subway Brawl will provide valuable and edu- 's—' ... ". ^
cational experience. In these times of national emergency, a test affair like this is the best thing for educating the public. Everything that could possibly happen .during a .blackopt
will happen at that dance.”
Subway Sun Sale
As is the procedure during any Lopdon Blackout, ,the inhabitants of the subway rvill be kept well informed ajjout events ,in the outside world. A special eight-page edition of the Subway Sun will be run off the presses for sale in the subway, an eciitiori to end all editions ever offered at Boilermaker Brawls. Difficulties will prevent the sale of the newspaper to anyone anywhere but in t|ie subway (tjalirooms), and no copies will be sold on Saturday
fMi
Alice Chatfielcf
Of
Shimmering Rails
Sereamirig Sirens
Virginia Barsori
|,.. ^
iSSi
morning. The world-reknowned organization of the Royal Swedish Refugep Drum Corps lias been in Lafayette since last night. Its rriembers have
Jean Thompson
Pub
Harry Newton' 6larke, Industrial Relations Engineer from Cleveland, Ohio, will give his last scheduled lecture today. During the past 25 years Mr. cTarke has held responsible positions in industry and has served many in a consulting and
training capacity.
A schedule of lectures have been arranged for him so that all seniors and engineering staff will be given an opportunity to learn first-hand just what is being done in many outstanding industrial concerns on this problem. Such questions as
Announce Date Fgr Dance Eic|s Oot Chance Tp Heckle Coedls
By Becky Caylor
The Purdue eds have at last come info- their own. Now's your chaijice, fellows. Does your girl keep you waiting hours and then say with that melting snrile, “Son-y,' but I just couldn’t make it on time. Jean phoned and we got. to talking—?” Does she use your pockets for filing a miscellaneaus collection of junk which leaves your suit smelling strongly of “My Sin” ? Does she in^ist on taking a taxi three blocks apd then complain if she has to WEut more than three minutes ?
The Worm Tams
Does she say that she’s not really very hungry and then proceeds to eat everything in sight while you pray for your slide rule so you can calcplate how much this is costingpop ? And when you do smash your budget and Send her flowers, dees she say in a hurt tone, “Of course you know I never wear red.” She does ? Well, tile, worm has turned. Now is the time for you men to
■Volunteers for the filood bank are being called for by “Doc” Miller of
the Student; Health Service. Fifty- assert ymS^lfr'To'Tut you^’foot five donoi^ have volunteered so far. j^’s a man’s world, at least
A goal of seventy-five donors has
' I
been .set; Any person between the age of 21 and 60 may volunteer. Individuals must not weigh less than 100 pounds and inust be in good health. Students under 21 who wish to volunteer must have a release, obtairi-
for the night of October 9, when AWS; Is holding its annual Gold Diggers’ Ball. So coax,’cajole or browbeat the little woman into convoying you to it. Tickets are on sale now for $1.10, and she can afford it.
Are You Beautiful, Bud?
This year the eds and coeds will
abl^ at the health servipe, signed by ^he ranks the most
Betty Arin McCreery
their parents
Those ^yishing to give blood .must sign up at the Student Health Service before Saturday noon. Blood
beautiful man on campus. If women gasp and faint when you flex your biceps; if you are the ideal V man;
• T, 1 T> 1 4.- » , , , . ,, i ■; if you have that beautiful wavy hair ‘ Supervisor - Employee Relations, recently completed considerable na- will be drawn by the mobile unit , . . , n, j ■ ,, i<T7. ,• n *. . .. . • j- -r.' , , , ' . ' which make the coeds pursue you “Grievances, ‘Executive Control, tiori-wide travel, hitting innumer- of the Red Cross wfiich has been (See GOLD DIGGERS page 4) “Union Relationshijis” and other able cities on their trek. traveling around the country; ga.th- '• ® problems of this nature are being Blaring forth at odd. intervals ering bipod fpr the men in the arrhed I r\ * discussed by Mr. Clarke. will be the Free Netherlands Wierier forces. It will: work here between AAlXed ReCf eatiOn
Addresses scheduled for today in- yym.gt Liberty Band. This organ- 1=30 and 5:30 on the afternoon of
elude: Electri^l Engineerhig S«w jgation slammed out its rhythms at I®'■ To ReOin ToniClht
the Brawl'two years ago, and will Donating blood will be; one wav > >
iprs, 9 a. m.', in room 117 of EE Building; another at 10 for Electrical Engineers at same place; Faculty Personnel Representatives, 1:30, p. m. in room 330 of Union Building and Science Seniorp, 4 p. m. in room 211 of Stanley Coulter
Hall.
Donating blood will be one way
be prowling the'halls asAvell as the that students who ai’p uqt in. the i .
ballroom. armed forces can do their part for *1* vrOITItJfl 5 VJijITl
rr„„ national defense. One student, John
Maury Mahns, Too _ ,4. • • 4; ' ,'’t-i -
E. Gault, a junior Electrical-Engi-neer, was the.first to volunteer and will donate his blood for the fourth
■ The two bands and Maury Mahns’ local organization will provide a
(See RASSEL, page 4)
time.
SDX Members Tu{-|i,al| jJfFets iii U\ n}^ lii^fore five p. in. toiuglit so they can be sold at the door. —HOSKINS
By Dave Lebeson This evening at 4:30, tiyo of the University’s fraternities, Pi Kappa Alpha and Pi Kappa Phi, will renew their famous struggle for the poss;ession of' the Copper Pie Plate. Twelve, queenly coeds will officiate US judges. This will be the seventh time in as many years that these hostilities have taken place. Previous tilts resulted in one tie, tvyo wins for the PiKA’s and three wjns for the Pi K Phi’s. Both pieeating coaches, Knofiby Walsh .and Pave Simpson, ape certain of their f-qspectiye team’s success. They bot|> agi'ee, also to the closeness of the impending contest; ' The contest will start at the cor-
ner of State and CJi'ant streets and 'fhe Lineups
the contestants will sprint to tfie steps of the Union, wjierc thp actual eatiug will take plajie. After completion of the task at hand, t}i.e contestants will sprint back to tjie starting place. Statenjents from the contestants themselves werp not obtainable as nope of thpm could
PiKA
Roland Batzhold William Gates
break training long enough to give
their opinions. ' ’ ■
Due to the fact that WPAA is un-
PiKPhi
Gene Zuck Don Shaw Bob Eng.lisb
Willy Barnes
Larry Steinmeyer Pbilip Wible Howie Bardwick Hank Saltysinski
TbeJudges
Pi Beta Phi ...Susan Mayer Phi Mu Louise Siler Alpha Chi Omega. ...Mary Dilts
Mixed recreation, sponsored by WAA and Sportswomen, women’s athletic honorary, will begin tonight in the Women’s Gym from 7 to TO. Badminton, ping pong, shuff leboard, volleyball, swimming and social dancing, ■will be offered to eds and coeds. ^ ■' Dancing to recordings will be
agricultural agent in Tippecanoe section of the gym from county for more than five years, ® to 10. Tennis shoes are required* today joined the state 4-H club de- for all othpr activities and eds must partment at the University, having swimming privileges, concluded his work, at the county Equipment will he furnished by the agent’s office last eyening. Departnjent of Physical Education
Mr. Holm, who capie to this conn- for Women.
Eric A. Holin joins Universit'y Staff
Eric A. Holrii, ’33, who has been
ty from a vocational agriculture teaching position at Montpelier in
Richard Hora'n “ popular Richard Spencer ^oys’ 4-H club work. His
new appomtuienit is uii advaii.ee-
ment in club work.
When he came here Mr. Hohii succeeded J. C. Ralston, wfio also joined the 4-H club department. His successor has not been named.
Chi Omega ..Betty Murphy
able to spare the engineers neces- Delta Gamma ....Martha Lee Riggs sarji to broadcast this worl(l-s|iak- Alpha Xi Delta.... Ann Larrimer ing evept jthg contfest will riot be put A li -Lucinda R^wine
on the air as previously anuounced. The results will he ^announced at
5:30 p.m. "
Delta Chi
South Hall North Hall,....
. . will hold its annual pledge
....Patsy Bishop class dance tomorrow night at 8 Pat Edwards at the chapter house. The dance is
Gail Hennis, president of WAA, emphasized,the fact that dates are not necessary and urged more coeds to attend. This is the first of the weekly prograriis which will be held each Friday throughout the year.
pr. Milter To^ive Lecture Tuesday
Dr. E. P. Miller of the University iffiysias department will give an illustrated lecture on “X-ray in Engineering” at the ASME meeting to be held next Tuesday at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of tfie ME Building. Students and staff of all eng'i-
Wood Hall , ....Jane Koenig op^^i fo actives, pledges and their neeriug schools are invited to at-
AWS Pi-exy Tillie Croll guests.
. tend.S'" i'.'-''
^ \ ^ * '' ^ M ■ ' "5,/ \'jrn f m IV’ V? ^ ^'N'C> ' 2 ' Purdue Exponent Fridayl Oeipber 2, 1942\'^
■»'
Purdue Exponent
cairoriai ana isuiinaHir fPurdito Memorial Union,:Phone 40d5 Sporf;;; Fiibldhouse, Phono 2792 Edi^oriaI Phone AftOr 10 p. m., 5377
Editoj--in-Chirf News EdHor Mnnacing. Editor... Sporis Editor Eusiiie.«s Managrer.. Coed Editor
.vJohn P. Atndi Don'T. Brophi' ..Johii B. ArRiotroha .......Robert ti. Hodlet Kdn K. Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
Publication Staff ' Associate Bditont Editorial Stair: T). W. Ocheiitree, A. P. Hunter, W. E. Rafert, U. ,E. Blitz, W. G. Hoskins, R. 'W. Boswinkle, K. Roquetnorc, S. ’Wolf." .' . . ,, Sports Staff: D. E. Brewet, J. S; Dawson, D. Shryer, C. Sotvnrd.s. Coed. Staff: S.ally Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Elaine Ahrens. Business Staff oud Business Maneser: Julia-Martiho . rivetfismf: ManQfi:ers: J. M. Wright, t). L. Johnson, J. Piptty. Circulation Manager: G. H. Klouman. Accounts Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers:-Ellen Clark, Jan^ Keim.
The Purdue Independcihi
Editor-in-Chicf Managing' Editor Business Manager Coed Editor Advertising Manager.. Accounts Manager Circulation Manager...
BaHa
...'E4 Humphrey Blwin Welbaufh Roberta Kesftler
BrbWit
.... .[...jGeotge Paine ..'.Harold Hendricks
St-aff Fop This Issue Night Editor: Ochiltree . Sp«»rts Editor.: Brewer Day Editor: Lauer Ijiflue Editor: Abbett Reporters: Vegh, Tyson, Clifford, LebeSon, Parsons, Hardy, Baynes, Caylor, Ford, Howes, Wilbur, Yargar, Richardson, Ackerman, Ingersoll, Hopkins, WatEbn.
Entered ns second class matter at the post office in Lafay^ ette, Indiana, under the act of Cbngress of'March 3, and at the special rate of postage provided for in j section llOo. act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januarjr 20, 1922. Published on Tuesday, Thursday, Friday and Sunday mornings ■iuring the year. .Delivered locally by carrier for $1.76 for a -"mester or $3.00 for two semesters; by mail for $2.00 for a mc-ster or $S.50 for two semesters. , .n'lntr semester; mailed subscription $1.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertisl.^c., College Publishers Representatives, 420 .. New York, N. Y.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
•aduation.
As the University calendar is set up at present everyone will be in school until December 23. This means that if the ^nior class is to have a graduation ceremony and receive diplpihas such a service could not be held conveniently until the Sunday following Ghristmas.t This would hardly l^e practical. Those 01 us that are going into the Army as well as the ; 3- that go into industry will have to repoi. soon after the first of the year and would hay-e almost no time at home unless we went home both before and after the service. With 1 ansportation curtailed as it is, this would i:, )'L only be unpatriotic but practically imp.ssible. Among the alternate proposals that have becai suggested is one that graduation be held on Wednesday or Thursday of Christmas week. This would overcome the need for an extra round trip. Then, tod, the railroad traffic would be eased to the extent that parents drove down to graduation and took their sons and daughters and their luggage home tvith them. The only trouble with this plan is that at least half of the parents who would horhially come to che program would not be able to leave their Jobs two days before Christmas. Another proposal, that the graduation be held on the Sunday preceding Christmas, but that ischool continue until Wednesday, overcomes this difficulty. This plan calls for a speech by an inspiring speaker but for no individual recognition of graduates. The diplomas would be mailed out some time after the rush of registration for the winter semesteris- over.' Graduation is a ceremony primarily for parents in the first place. It is understandable that after spending the money to send a son or daughter to school for four years, perhaps at a considerable sacrifice, parents are anxious to see a ceremony which symbolizes the culmination of their effort. For them it isn’t inspiring speakers (always available over the radio and in their .home towns) that make a graduation, but rather Junior walking up to the platform,and receiving a diploma. As far as the students arc concerned, an inspiring speaker doesn’t cut much ice either. The only logical solution that -We can s^ is for there to be a graduation program.^* tkmday, December 20, at which time diplomas '«', ould be given to all graduating seniors. This would mean that there would be no classes to miors during the last three days of e ::;.aiester. In comparison with fopr ye&rs 0- chool work three days seems insignificant f:i times like these.
Albert C. Yates . : . who-attended Indiana University for one year and then transferred to the University, where he will receive his degree in December, has been sworn into Navy V-7. From here he will be sent to Notre Dame lor four weeks, then to Northwestern or Columbia University to complete his officers training.
Lt. Vern Vanderbilt
. and bride, who are '42 University graduates, IvJie taken up their residence in New Castle, DelaMrs; Vanderbilt was Gwendolyn C. Curry, of Cincago, before the wedding, which took place at Trinity Lutheran Church of Oak Park, Ilinois, in August.
. Tm K., U S f.f Ok merry-eo-rouhd By DREW PEARSON WPB Comes Under Control Of Armed Forces After Long Civilian-Military Battle WASHINGTON—Donald Nelson plans to gd to England soon to return the visit of Oliver, Lyttletoh, Britain’s production boss, and his departure probably will mark the actual, if not the nominal, end of his reign oyer war industry. Two months ago Nelson told a friend about plans to visit Oliver Lyttleton, but finally concluded that he had better not go. “I’m afraid,’’ he said, “they’d steal my desk before I got back.’? But now there isn’t much left to steal. For as a, 'rebult of the War Production Board’s latest reorganization; WPB’s chief powers have been adroitly slid under the wiDg of the armed services. It was not announced as such, and not generally realized by the public, but’this is the net result of Ferdinand Eberstadt’s appointment as WPB vicechairman in charge of programs and schedules; and of Oharles E. Wilson’s appointment as viCe-chairman in charge of production. tioth men will be doing the bidding of the army. 'Thus culminates the summer-long fight between eivilian chief Donald Nelson and military chief Lt. Geh. Brehon Somervell as to whether War Production .should be run by civilians or the military. Last June, Somervell had proposed that his own close friend, Ferdinand Eberstadt, be appointed Nelson’s assistant. This was refused. And only three weeks ago. Nelson, visiting in Cleveland, told some of Eberstadt’s old stock-broker critics that Eberstadt would be appointed only over his dead body. . ' But he changed his mind. Reason for Nelson’s about-tace'was gaunt, grey Bernard Baruch, czar of war industries in 1917-18, who lurks in the background, keeps a vigilant eye on war production; Father-confessor' Baruch finally warned Nelson that he must make a concession to the Army; that he must take Eberstadt, or the entire civilian control of WPB might fall to pieces. •, Note: Charles E. Wilson of General Electric was pushed into WPB by the President himself. Wilson hak not been under military thumbs, but will have generals and admirals on his Production Executive Committee to watch him. Eberstadt has tremendous drive, German tenacity, and the habit of working night and day. He will get things done. Already he has started to ,clean up his branch of the War Production Board. But will he be completely subservient to the Army ? That is the big question in Washington. As head of The Army-Navy Munitions Board, Eberstadt was good, but by no means faultless. Priorities were handed out hit and miss. The Board actually was caught giving priority to battleships rather than airplanes until overruled by WPB. Note: When Eberstadt held his first day of conferences as WPB vice-chairman, he growled, “If anyone doesn’t like the Army around here, he can get out.” • Military Or Civilian Rtile .. Mbst earnestly debated question in Washington for months has been whether military encroachment on the 'civilian powers of the War Production Board might base the United States toward the road to dictatorshifi. ; The president. Congress, business, even Secretary of War Stimso.n, have been emphatically against military Control. Chief man for it has been Lt. Gen. Brehon Somervell, efficient, ambitious chief of the Army’s Services of Supply. Somervell has reached out for more and more power, done his job well. But complete power over civilian production in the hands of an Army clique worries a lot of people—and not merely from the domestic viewpoint. For, being haters of the Russians and distrustful of the British, a military clique might alter American policy in the war. That is why the new reorganization of the WPB may be one of the most momentous steps in our wartime history. It may be the beginning of a workable compromise between the armed forces anc( civilian production. Or it may be the beginning of more and more Army encroachment. Note: Somervell’s increased power is not pleasing to all the Ai’my. Some high officers feel his procurement policies have not followed closely enough the war Stdrtegy laid down by the Joint Chiefs of Staff of the United Nations. Also Army Air Forces feel that neither Eberstadt nor Somervell is sufficiently air-minded. That -was why Brig. Gen. Oliver P. Echols Of the Air Forces was put On WPB’s new Production Executive Committee. • Battle Of Gold Mines Behind Donald Nelson’s plans. to close the gold mines of the nation was a backstage argument with Secretary Ickes who Ipng asserted that it was foolish to mine more gold only to bury it in the ground at Fort Knox, Ickes and his Bureau of Mines proposed early last summer to pse gold tnining labor and machinery for the. production of much needed tin and copper. Among other things he proposed that the Homestake Mine in the Black Hills of South Dakota, one of, the largest in. the. United States, be closed and its machinery .moved twenty miles to ah important tin deposit. ' While the United States does not have tin deposits of high-grade ore, it does have tin which can be mined profitably in wartime. And with cargoes of Bolivian tin being sunk in theUaribbean, it was vital to open tin production inside the United States. However, when this was jproposed to E. "Vogelsang, chief of WPB’s Tin and Lead branch, he acted just as leisurely as he did before Pearl Harbor, when he stalled for months before okaying an Arrierican tin smelter in the United States. Vogelsang tried to stall Ickes by saying that he was having his tin specialist explore and sample Ihe tin deposits. At this Ickes wrote a hot letter to Donald Nelson, asking him whether or nof he “really wanted to get tin out fast and in substantial quantities.” Ickes also pointed out that the Bureau of Mines had been studying U. S. tin deposits for years, knew their extent and quality to the last “t”, and there was no use wasting more (ime with Vogelsang’s pussyfooting survey. Nelson has such myriad war moves, under his farflung department that he cannot keep his fingei-s on all of them. And he has not yet cleaned out the deadwood which delays things. But when the gold question finally got to his desk he decided to close the gold mines of the nation. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Week-End Bvents
s.
Editor’s Note: This list of 'dates Was seht to us by the Student Uitipn. We are publishing it as a vest-pocket schedule of the mdst important ; coming week-end events and dances*6f hd fall term.' '
, Friday Saturday | South NorthSouth North
Event
Date
October 2- 3—Vanderbilt, there Bidu Sayao Convo 9-10—Northwest’n, there 16-17—0. State, there Don Cossak Convo 23-24—“La Boheme” Con. Wisconsin, here Homecoming 30-31—Iowa, there November 6- 7—W. Daranty Convo Great Lakes, here 13-14—M. State, there 30-31—Indiana, here 27-28—Cp. Shelby, there December 4-6— 11-12— 18-19—
Riv. Rassle Open Mixer Cary Club i
Gold Diggers P.I.A. Mixer
Mixer Slip-stick Slide Mixer
Bnyd. Frolic . Open Interfraterhity Ball
Miker '
Mixer
' Military Ball
.Mixer
Harvest Hop C. Gibb Din. Dance S.C.A.-Dance Pan Hell Formal North-Western Triad Open
T.I.A.
TKE-
Mixer
Mixer
Thanksgiving Ball
Mixer Mixer Gamma Dance Formal Mixer Phi Mu For.
“Pierre, Gaston, Andre ... all have gone to the army, madam ... Hei*e, like elsewhere, women are taking oyer men’s work.”
University Calendar Friday, October 2
10:00 A.M. Sc. Curilculum Committee.. 8:30 P.M.- Rivetdrs Rassle
.........Room 263, Union ..; South Ballroom, Union
Dear Sir: In anticipation of the coming football season, I have been reading the rules by which we must abide when playing- the game intramural]y. Frankly, I have never read anything so comically Written and composed. I can’t imagine any redblooded American lad enjoying, or any athletically inclined man organizing a game like that for healthy boys to play! Let me tell you a few items frorii the rule sheet. One rule states that when starting from scrimmage, the line men of both teams, except the offensive center, must be in a standing position. Another rule says that no player on the offense may either hip or shoulder an opponent to prevent him from touching the ball-' carrier. Still another rule states that the ball may be kicked from scrimmage only when the offense calls “kick-formation” and then the ball must be kicked. Do these rules sound like football to you?. To me it sounds like a lawn game to be played in a mixed crowd! I am not alone in my opinion, either! You will find that most of the fellows who pai-ticipate in the game are of the same mind! Do you'think tbeye is anything that can be done to change all this ? We don’t want a sand-lot game made out of it, but we certainly would like to. p'jay .game that resembled regular "football! This game is a farefe ! .. ■.,’ I am writing this'to you because I thought you would be interested in the feelings of the students. Also, you are in a: far-reaching and influential position. What, sir, 'vvould you suggest? . R. N. FOSS.
LUNA tODAY-tOMORROW
Faculty Group Holds Membership Drive University Club is opefiing its activities for the year with the organization of members. All members of the administrative, instructional, research and extension'staffs of the University are eligible to join. Since membership list will be made up on October 10, all remittances for membership should be sent in before that time. These remittances should be sent to Ed F. Degering, secretary-treasurer, department of chemistry. A program for the current school year is now being planned. Only members will be allowed to par-
ticipate.
Dr. J. R. Leevy Has Article Published Dr. J. Roy Leevy, assistant professor of Sociology, has had a research study on “Open Country .Neighborhoods” published' in the September - October issue of the Magazine of Sociology and Social Research. This study was made about rural neighborhoods of Clark County, Illinois., ' The study reveals standard of living and many changing cultural patterns among farm families such as the kind of economic activities and the social activities in which farm families engage.
Personnel Notes Companies to visit campus; Firestone Tire & Rubber Co., Akron, Ohio—October 5 aihd 6. ME, ChE, Chem, PSE. Also girls interested in laboratory work and draft-
ing.
Aluminum Company of America, Pittsburgh, Penpsyjvania—October 6. Interested in MetE, ME, ChE, PSE, EE. American Locomotive Company, Schenectady, New York—^Octobe^’ 7. Interested in ME, MetE, ChE. Vickers Incorporated, Detroit, Michigan—October 12 and 13. Interested in ME, AeroE. Sign in Personnel Office before Monday, October 5. Monsanto Chemical Company, St. Louis, Missouri-^October 15. Candidates for phD in Organic and Physical Chemistry. Sign in Personnel Office by October 14. B. F. Goodrich Co.-, Akron, Ohio— October 8. Sylvania Electric Products, Inc., Salem, Massachusetts—October 20. Interested in EE, PSE, ME, Physicists. Standard Oil Development Com-
STUDENT HELP WANTED complete board jobs available / Apply G. O. ARBUCKLE Cary Hall (South)
pany, Esso Laboratories, Elizabeth, New Jersey, October 8. Lockheed Aircraft Corporation; Bujbank, California—October 6. Wabash Railroad Company, Decatur,. Illinois. Interested in M.E.,: E.E. Sign in Personnel Office by Wednesday, October 7. National Radiator Company, Johnstown, Pennsylvania. Interest-, ed in Ch.E., Met. E., M.E., P.S.E., Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, October 10. Rooms Needed For Naval Officers . Rooms are urgently needed fpf the fifty Naval officers who arrived' on the campus Monday, and for thefifteen inspector-trainees who arrived Wednesday, for a ten week^ course. Available rooms for these men may be listed by calling 7311. Several of the officers are married.
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
CHARLIE RUGGLE^ charlotte GREENWOOD LYNN BARI • CORNEL WILDE
Latest PATHS NEWS
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS (Inhersity Book Store
ArroHB Fr ’’Bed** ^cnimnns *29
“Dftp” E.pp)ti
MtHMEnE
TODAY and TOMORROW
^Iarrv
TODAY - SATURDAY TWO FIRST-RUN HITS
THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT Pre»
STARTS M8DNITE PREVUE SATURDAY
wMNiR ino^. NEW SUCCESS. Nith CHARLES COBURN Claude RainS'Judith Anderson. Nancy Coleman KAASCN VEANC . MARIA OUSPCIISKAVA . HARRV DAVCKPORt
'•Way •from the Sawn**'’^
5 DAYS STARTING TOMORROW
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
HARRY JAMES ANDREWS
i 1
V I f V 1;)i\r^ Y' ^ ^ f .gi^ \ ^ 1 f, October 2, 1942
'‘V-iSfl
.V'. . ■,.!!“ > ., ' j/> ;
IP
Boitejrmaker Sports
Pujge^i,
V'S*! v<'
aUSmt
^ridders Depart For Commodores Stronghold
S :
ports Communique By Bob Hadley
C Boilermakers tough'-Vandy Scout '^Oiie Of Biggest, Roughest, Fastest, Toughest Teams Tve Scouted'
. i'he victory train left at midnight last night for Nashville, Tenn. It pulled out as quietly as any trainload of Boilermakers ever pulled out heeded fcfT a big game and a belated start on a successful season. At lekst as; quietly as the Big Pour ever pulls out. Ih othqr years the Riveters have left Lafayette with the yellldg of tl)ionsand^,of fans ringing in their ears, urging them on to victory oil foreign soil. But with the war effort keeping the railroads on the jump to meet the country’s demands, Elmer Burnham and his boys ’ are, lucky they are not making the trip on pogo sticks. Not until yekterday afternoon did the athletic department know what accom< moddtions they could get or when they would leave for the South. ^ + I)i view of the uncertainly of it all it was impossible for the fans to adid'elly show the team that they are behind them as much as any gang dt B'qiiermaker fans in the past. But it really wasn’t necpssary. Nothing bias be4n more thoroughly discussed around the campus since last Saturday at 4:61 than the fact that “We’ve got a tough team.” To make up for the quiet sendotf, plans are being laid for a mass , reception at the Big Fpur station Sunday morning. The crowd will meet at the Union at 11:15 and swarm across the levee to meet the , team at 11:38, should the train happen to be on time. Head Cheer- { Leader Bruce Adams will be master of ceremonies. Win, lose or , dratr, we’ve got a great team. Let’s show ’em we’re backing them all the way. About that “win, lose or draw” statement—it’s going to be a tough ^ame. Particularly so since the Commodores caught a storm signal from the Lafayette area last Saturday as a result of the Boilermakers’ treatment of the Rams. They are going to play the best football they are capable of—and from what we hear—that’s pretty good. Joining a long list of the Boilermakers’ future opponents who rolled up hideously one-sided scores in their favor, the Vanderbilt Crew shoved helpless Tennessee Tech all over the gridiron last week to the tune of 52-0. The teams weren’t in the same class, but 52 points is still 8 touchdowns and 4 conversions, if you want to do ft that way—and not to be sneezed at. Lanky J. P. Moore’s 60-yard punting will introduce a hazard not met last week, too. Aside from the backfield, led by Jack JenkiUs, the team tends toward inexperience, the line consisting mainly of new faces. This fact may be of considerable significance considering what the Boilermaker forward wall did to Pordham. In fact with the line-smash-ing: tactics of Captain Smock, Johnny Andretich, Bob Hajzyk and Bill Buffington in order again, to be coupled with the passing of Smock and Andretich, we would like to proffer the score of 14-6 in favor of the Boilermakers. And we’re going down there to see that they do it, too!
'INTRAMURALS
“Purdue is one of the biggest, roughest, fastest, strongest football teams I have ever scouted,” exclaimed Here Alley, Vanderbilt line coach and head scout, after r^tdlrning to Nashville early this week from the Pordbdiu‘'Boilermaker thriller in Ross-Ade Stadium. Alley broadcast his views on Elmer Burnham’k'1942 grid machine to Will Grimsley, sports writer on the Nashvill^Tjennessean. “Purdue 50-Per Cent Better” “Purdue is 60 per cent better than last year,” Continued the Vandy scout, “improved in every department of play and you remember those boys had a pretty fair country ball club last year.” The Commodore operative said that Pordham’s Sugar Bowl champions, regarded as one of the nation’s top-flight elevens, were a bit fortunate to win, connecting on two long touchdown passes after being knocked around throughout the afternoon by a fast, hard-hitting line and ball carriers who could go around and over with equal effec-
tiveness. “They had remarkable guard and tackle play. Warren and French are two husky tackles who move fast and hit hard. BarWegen and Ruggieri are fast, smuid: guards and I think center Alei' Leugo is comparable with Johnson who gave us so much trouble a Vear-ago. They have a pair of fine, 'e^S'”in'Harris and Shimer.” . Th^ Vanderbilt t'8&ufc'!:^iled to mention the pass-^jaa|.chiug,r%bilrties of Fred “Tex” Andretich’s pas^fc^jiijISra^red across for the sixpointer. Will Outweigh Alley stated press that Elmeit BHrfmJ&Ui.^&'.'f^he would probably ofitWfe^g^^^'t^.^hfidy forward wall by t|n pofiriife* or more, and that reserves.v^pre use<i*^entifully against Pordham and all “acquitted themselves in splendidJEashion.” . !) .'t Burnham actually used nine^jmcn; on the line, sending in Smerke to re. place Shimer at end and replacing A1 Leugo with Ott Hurrle at cent& during the closing minutes ofrplay.
“Kenny Smock impressed me as one of the finest backs I’ve ever seen. He’s fast, powerful and shifty and will give us plenty of trouble. He’s a combination of Jenkins and Rohling. “But he’s not the only one. They have good backs a dime a dozen. Buffington, their blocking back, is a bruiser who is a fine blocker and who can can y that mail when called up6n. “Andretich weighs about 216. (Ed. Note—190 lbs.). He ran through the middle of Fordham’s line and if anybody got in his way just horse-tromped right on over. He’s a regular truck. Mentions Stram’s Abilities “Chester does most of the throwing and is probably the team’s best puliter. Stram is a place-kick specia^list. He converted after the only to()ichdown and barely missed a field goal from the 25-yard line. “I could tell you plenty more about this team without revealing any military seciets but you Wait "until Saturday to see for yourself. ‘^PUrdue this year has got the goods.”
PURDUE
Position
Harris
LE...
Warren
LT...
Barwegen
. 1 LG...
Leugo
C
Ruggieri
RG...
French
RT
Smerke
RE
Hajzyk . i
QB.
Smock
LH
Andretich
RH....
Buffington
FB ...
The following Cary Hall Touchbill, games will be played Friday
evening:'
Field Umpire 1 Unit 2 vs. Unit 6. John Nestle
2 ynit 3 vs. Unit 4.
3 Unit 6 vs. Unit 7.
John Hawkins
Musselnian
^ A. RISK « DRrkUTHER A. RISK dr: HAROLD'). RISK — DENTISTS — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4tl^ and Main Jits. Lafayette
The following doubles match in Ward Tennis will be playejl'^Friday evening, October 2, at 4:00; Court 1 Bivouac vs. Chauncey House. The following Softball games will be played in the Ward playoffs Friday evening at 4:16; Diamond 1 Owen House vs. Circle Pines. Umpire: Dave Rodgers. 2 Ward 24 vs. Westminster. Umpire: Norm Marozick.
Voinotf's Reserves Overpower Freshmen 14-12 In Close Game ^ Accounting for two extra point attempts, Sammy Voinoif’s reserve squad conquered a hard-fighting frosh team, 14-12 last night. Both teams had their outstanding players, and both^ teams fought to the bitter end. Miller, Barnard and Wilson were among the fighting freshmen who show promise. Veer, Willey and Wojciechowski led
the “B” team to their victory. In the first quarter the freshman team scored after a 40-yard run by Barnard which put the ball on the reserves’
16 yard line. Barnard then passed swimming, the first Dolphin Trophy to Miller who was across the goal gt^-uggie meet, initial contest in a line. Kertiss missed the extra point g^^ged trial. The “B” team then fought ^^is afternoon in the Fieldhouse back with fury to intercept a frosh starting at 4 p. m.
Including six different events in
Dolphins Hold Tank Meet In Pool Today Open to all males interested in
PHOTO SUPPLIES A compfete assortmenf of CHEMICALS, PAPERS, TRAYS, AND ALL OTHER DARK ROOM NEEDS. Stop in at FOSTER'S CAMERA SHOP 411 State St. W. Lafayette
pass and score a touchdown after a series of “sloppy” laterals. Schultz was successful in the con-
version. The score 7 to 6.
Take To Air Again
With the opening of the second quarter the freshmen took control on their 46 yard line, and scored on a pass from the “B” team’s 5 yard line. This made the score 12 to 7
the pool, the trophy series will award to the winner, on a point-initiative-improvement basis, a loving cup following the finish of the last meet. Dick Papenguth, varsity swimming mentor, will officiate the series and act as a member of the trophy committee, along with mem-
bers of the Dolphin Club, swimnling
in the freshmen s favor. The fresh- honorary which is spbnsoring the
men again missed their extra point, gg^jes
The “B” team then stalled for the |.j,g ggntest is open to varsity
swimmers as well as reserves, frosh
The second half got under way outsiders, a large turnout is with the “B” team kicking off. Tak- expected. Roy Heidke, breast-stroke ing the ball from the freshmen on specialist, and Joe Williamson.
downs they marched to a touchdown via the air. The “B” team was successful in the conversion attempt. The score, 14 to 12. The fourth quarter was one with no scoring. However, the freshmen threatened the Reserves’ goal with five minutes left to play. The game ended with the “B” team victorious,
14-12.
The starting
lineups were:
FRESHMEN
RESERVES
Miller
LE
Willey
Hall
LT
Kline
Hard
LG
Fox
Lambert
C
Veer
McMillan
RG
Bliss
Durfee
RT
Atkin
Laskin
RE
Baker
Wilson
QB
Schultz
Barnard
LH
Burghard
Kcrtis.s
RIl
Newman
Pe track
■ FB
Wojciechowski
back-stroke king. Boilermaker varsity swimmers, are expected to
compete.
Events will be 50, 100, and 220 yard free style races, 160 yard backstroke, 50 and lOt) yard breast-
stroke events.
Gun Squads Compete For Semester Honors This semester, as in previous semesters, the Militgiy Department will hold competition for distin-
guished gun squads.
All sophomores and juniors desiring to enter the fall term distinguished howitzei squad competition should enter their names with Gap-
Newman tain N. H. Johnstjfi'jn th^ Arifi^ry
jciechowski before Monday noon. ^ .■i'
Fehring Explains Reason For Lack Of Fall Baseball In answer to numerous inquiries, Varsity ^ Baseball Coach “Dutch” Fehring last night disclosed the reason why there has been no fall baseball practice this year. He said that in the past it has been customary to hold a six-weeks practice under the direction of Assistant Freshman Coach W. B. Sanders after the advent of the new school term each Pall. This year, however, no practice was called. Equipment Shortage This was due mainly to the lack of space and the imminent shortage of equipment. Space is lacking because the varsity diamond is being used by the football team, the freshman field by the Navy’s Intramural program, and Stewart Field is now used by the PE 12 classes. As for equipment, the wool used in uniforms and in the baseballs themselves is being requisitioned by the Army. Howevex, barring anything unforeseen, Coach Fehring plans to put a first class ball club on the field come next Spring. The equipment for thi.-, team has alieady been purchased and a schedule for it is going to be drawn up at the Western Confeionce meeting during the first week in December. Season To Start In May To make up for this lack of Fall practice, “Dutch” plans to make out the schedule so that the season proper begins after the stait of the •summer term next May. By starting the season at this time, those freshmen who just entcied school this semestei, and who arc inteiested in baseball, will be eligible for varsity competilion ivhcn the bats start swinging iic\L Summer. Coach Fchiiiig went on iceoid as saying that he now had the makings of a good baseball squad in school and, if the diatt boanis peiinil, mil put a strong (iminond .auiad on the field next summci. On the gloomy dde of things, Ifehring lost his fiist stiiiig bjtteiy
Face Strong Opposition In Nashville Encounter By Sheldon Watson PROBABLE LINEUPS
VANDERBILT
.'.
.LT LehnhhrS LG PoUrril
Steher Hamilton distil
.QB Rehrovieh LH Wd* .RH Jerdiuiia .FB Rohling
Thirty-six members of Coach Burnham’s rugged crew Df ’42 Boilermakers boarded a south-bound train late last night for the camp of the Vanderbilt Commodores. The main objective of the Boilermaker attack will be the revenge of last season’s 3-0 defeat which was handed to them in the initial game by the Commodores. ^ The game tomorrow in Dudley Field at Nashville, Tenn,, will bring together two of the sur-
prising teams of the Middle States. The Black and Gold Boilermakers gave the country a surprise in their initial tilt of the season, when they put up a powerful fight against the highly-rated Fordham Sugar Bowl champions. Displaying a versatile
(Three new managers were added offensive attack and a rugged linfe to the Riveters’ athletic set-up last defense, the Boilermakers chalked evening when the Purdue Athletic j^jore first downs and mofe total _ Coupcil appointed men for the yaj-js gained from scrimmage than
swimming and wrestling seasons, favored Rams, which just recently have been made Commodores Powerful
varsity sports.
Nestel, Fleming. Graf Named Vanderbilt’s Commodores on the Those men who were named were showed that they had John Nestel, swimming; Bill Flem- Po^er left when iiig and Charles Graf, wrestling, f into, a These men, who are upperclassmen, by downing Tennessee will act in the capacity of head ^ech 52-0 last Saturday. The Cpipmanagers, while underclassmen will ^odores have a veteran backfield work their way up to head man- y®^^ ™^de up of Jenkins, Eebagers from now on, since this is the Moore. This first year that these sports have combination sparked last season’s varsity managers. victories in ten The Purdue Athletic Council is starts for the Vanderbilt crew. , composed of Dave Lodge, president. Coach Burnham’S' gridders will lepresenting basketball; Wirt Far- at full strength when they atley, vice-president, football repre- tack the Southerners this Saturday, sentative; Wade Neal, secretary- No injuries were recorded in the treasurer, baseball representative; Fordham game, although a few of Vic Daniels, track; Gene Wiley, the Rams Were seen in the semi-
PAC Names Managers For Varsity Sports
foo-tball; and Bob Klein, baseball. EvansviHe Lads Clash Tomorrow Tomorrow afternoon will bring together two lads hailing from the same home town, Evansville, as Foirest McCaffry, Riveter end, will play across the line from Jack Lehnhard, Vanderbilt tackle.
conscious horizontal position on the field. Burnham will probably start the same combination which cUdkSd so effectively against the Raliqs.', Kenny Smock, the junior halfback’ who packed plenty of punch in fh^ Fordham encounter, has been selected to act as captain for the
Vanderbilt game. Taube Reports
Vanderbilt will also, be in top physical condition for the tilt Saturday. Most of their 'stars were
Forrest, who played at Wright . u -J iu • i-.,,., , , , ’ V, -11 resting on the bench m their first
high school at Evansville,
never
opposed Lehnhard, however, 'who was on the Bosse high school eleven, as McCaffiy was a senior while Lehnhard was a sophomore. Both Will See Action At the end position for the Boilermakers, Forrest will probably see plenty of action. Lehnhard has just leplaced a veteran lineman in the Commodore line after a brilliant performance in last Saturday’s game against Tennessee Tech. Lchnhaid was co-captain of his high school team and made the allEva’isville eleven. Last season he eaincd his numerals playing on the fiosh squad.
game, while the second stringers were piling up a 52-point total, Assistant Coach Mel Taube scouted the Commodores in their first fracas of the season against Tennessee Tech. His report was that Vanderbilt has a stronger offense than laSt season and a defense that shows no
signs of weakening.
These reports show that the Boilermakers will have a rough and tumble game on their menu for tomorrow. Of course the Commodores aren’t sitting back waiting for a crew of Boilermakers like the ones they barely beat last season by a 3-0 verdict. The Vanderbilt scout brought back reports that the Boilermakers were 50 per cent tougher than last year and had a crew of gridders that could really carry the
STUDENTS—TEACHERS—ALUMNI... EVERYONE! We encourage you to use the Purdue Union as a }>lace to meet your friends or to sit down and relax for a little while. The Union is YOUR building so start off hy knowing the locations of the comfortable
LOUNGES on the SECOND FLOOR.
Swedish Lounge^West Student Lounge—Southeast
Main Lounge and Terrace—-Southivest
Our Convenient CHECK ROOMS are always available! JlfUL fijuutdjASi. THsmoiiaL lAmofL
Just take a walk through the building!
to the aimed forces. Starting pitchci Petnch is now in the Naval Air
Coips and catcher Ed Smith, last “oo^s. The Boilermakers and Comyeai’s most valuable player, is now modores are both preparing for a awaiting marching orders at Fort ^-gal battle, so the gathering should llairi.son in Indianapolis. be one of the top'-notch tilts of the
nation. ' The crew of thirty-six gridiron starts that Coach Burnham has selected to make the Tennessee trip
are as follows:
Ends: Forrest McCaffry, Willi<im Shimer, Charles Harris, Fred Smerke. La Vern King and Norman Ma-
loney.
Tackles: Bruce Warren, Barry French, Ewell O’Bryan, Raymond Stoelting, Carl Volkman, Eugene Matrewitz and Clarence Kjellberg. Guards: Richard Barwegen, Frank Ruggieri, Peter DeMari^, William Powers, Ralph Clymer and Wallace Hendry. Centers; Alex Leugo, Otto Hurrle and Bill Newell. Quarterbacks: Robert Hajzyk, Vincent Snyder and Tony Berto. Halfbacks: Kenqy Smock, John Andretich, Robert Chester, Henry Stram, Ed Cycenas, Walter Cook and Andy Berkley. Fullbacks: William Buffington, Bob Bachmann, Joe Winkler and Charles Close.
Everything for a College Educodon DEAC’S