(4 1- l-^ *--- ??* y
- * ft jJ \M‘'i>^}:
51
- m
'
J
'I 4
J
'I 4
(Eht
Pursue TSxpatient Published Daily b^Studeute of Purdue University
volume xlviii
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1936
NUMBER 3d
Boilermakers, Gophers Will Tangle Tomorrow
Jin juries^ Handicap Squad As It Attempts To Snap Minnesota’s Winning Streak
Purdue^s clash with the Minnesota Gophers tomorrow is considered'one of the outstanding grid battles in the middle west. Altliough picked almost Unanimously by the sports writers as a sure loser, the Boilermaker squad has been practicing in secret to give the Gophers something to worry about when the two undefeated Western Con-
ference teams meet at Minneapolis. Minnesota has tied the modern record of twenty wins held by Knute Rockne’s Notre Dame teams and are in excellent form as they try to break this record. The Boilermaker squad has been hit hard by injuries received in the Chicago game last Saturday. Four Purdue players have been trsring to g^et in shape for the game but until now have been unable to make it. Injuries to Vergane and Spehn have left the end positions much weakened and those of Stalcup and Mihal also do much damage to the strength of the isquad. Close to 60,000 fans are expected to brave the frigid Minnesota weather to witness the clash between these two teams. The Boilermaker squad left last night in order to have plenty of time to get in shape for the game after its long train ride.
Ryder To Talk At Convention
Hall, Remmers To Address State Teachers
R. R. Ryder of the University Education department, will address the teacher training section of the Indiana State Teachers’ Association Convention being held in Indianapolis yesterday and today. His subject will be “Pupil Attitudes Toward Student Teachers.” Dr. Hall will speak to the teachers of the northeastern division tomorrow; Dr. Remmers will attend a meeting of the committee on county scholarships and a meeting for discussion of the development of a state guidance organization. Other members of the University delegation to the convention are Dr. 0; C. Trimble, Professors George L. Roberts, Muriel McFarland, Ammon Swope, H. G. McComb, R. J. Greenly, S. S. Cromer and Harriet O’Shea.
YWCA Displays Latest Fashions At Style Show
Pull skirts and black lame are going to be the latest notes in styles this season. This fact was revealed at the style shew sponsored by the Y. W. C. A. yesterday afternoon. Those who modeled werfr: Betty Masters, Mary Hurych, Caroline Hesler, Marion Kidd, Peg Dicks, Louise Bain, Jane Thornborough.
Sigma Alpha Mu Sigma Alpha Mu announces the initiation of the following men: M. Wolf, S. M. Katz, M. Isebelsky. They have also pledged a late arrival in school, N. Pleuer, who has just returned from a trip to Africa.
CANCELLATIONS
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon, Saturday, October 31st, Cancellation cards may be obtained from heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, if possible, by the head of the departmebi^ in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar's Office, Assignments may be cancelled without gradd after October 31 if properly approved by the departments concerned and by thq iDean of Men, —M. L. FISHER, r Dean of Men.
Contestants Selected For Speech Finals Winners To Compete
For Hays Cup Tuesday
Seven finalists were chosen from fifty entrants in the preliminaries of the Beveridge Speech Contest held yesterday afternoon and evening in University Hall. The seven who will speak Tuesday, Oct. 27, in the finals are: W. D. Croft, J. A. Curtis, M. M. Karnowsky, D. Paarlberg, P. E. Spray, J. C. Swander, and A. Zimmerman. The speakers who are to report to room 301, University Hall today at 4 for final instructions, were judged by Professor P. E. Lull, R. M. Horn, and L. S. Winch. The winner of the contest will receive permanent possession of the Hays cup and the organization garnering the most points will be awarded the Akeny cup for one year. There are five of the finalists who are eligible to win the honor of representing the freshman class m the Hanley speech contest. These men are engineering students who have chosen economics as their subject.
Tower Theater To Choose Three Plays
Take Best Entries From Southworth Contest
PIA Tower Theater has announced that it is choosing one of each of the three types of plays: radio play, one-act play, and skit, from the Southworth Script Contest for production in its theater. Entries are to plan their scripts accordingly. The plays need not necessarily deal with serious or tragic themes. Broad problems with which the student is acquainted offer the most suitable subject. New styles, methods, and unusual kinks are heartily welcome and will be a factor in the selection. Open To All Although Tower Jheater is a PIA organization, it is open to all students on the campus. It is essentially a theater where one-act plays, originating on the campus, are experimented with and arranged for successful commercial production. No plays are produced to entertain or to make money. Audiences are specially invited and they are the critics. All successful plays are bought and published by Rpw-Peterson Company. Tower Theater’s latest successful production was H. G. Henshew’s “Alchemy.”
Chess dub Meets Today
There will be a meeting of the Chess Club tonight at 7, in the gam^ room of the Union-Building, to decide on a team to play I. U. on the morning of the Purdue- Indiana game.
FACULTY MEETING
To Members of the University Faculty: The regular monthly meeting of the faculty wiU be held on Monday, October 26, at 4 p. m-» in Stanley Coulter Hull. A full attendance is expected. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
Landon Retains Advantage In University Straw Vote
^^urbue exponent
Presidential Straw Vote
Vote for One Candidate By Marking “X” After His Name
Earl Browder (Communist) □ D. Leigh Colvin (Prohibition) □ Alfred M. Landon (Republican) □ William Lemke (Union) □ Franklin D. Roosevelt (Democrat) □ ' Norman Thomas (Socialist) □ □ / Name School Class Student, Instructor, Other (Strike Out Two) (The ballot must be filled out completely in order to be counted in the poll. Deposit ballots in~Campu8 mail boxes or in the Exponent box in the Union before 6 p. m., Saturday, Oct. 24, 1936.)
Father GilUs Talks Sunday
Speaker ^Is Publisher Of Six Books
Father James Martin GilUs, of New York City, nationally known author, editor, lecturer, and pii^t will speak on “Why Be Moral?” Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall at the initial religious convocation of the academic year. The University Choir of 126 voices under A, P. Stewart’s direction, will deliver several musical features. Father Gillis has been editor of “The Catholic World” since 1922. He is a member of the Catholic Press Association of America and has written weekly articles for many years. Other literary activities for which he is widely known include the publication of six books. They are “False Prophets,” “The Catholic Church and the Home,” The Ten Commandments,” “Christianity and Civilization,” “The Paulists,” and “This Our Day.” Over 100 cities scattered throughout nearly all states in the Union have been contacted by Father Gillis, during his preaching and lecturing career. The University Choir will sing two anthems, both sung a capella. The processional hymn will be 'Holy God We Praise Thy Name,” and the responses and choral amens including the “Gloria” by Tschneskoff also will be sung. To accommodate the large choir, the choir box in Eliza Fowler Hall has been enlarged.
DIRECTORY PROOF
Copies of the galley proof for the list of students in the University Directory may be inspected at the Reference Desk in the Library, at the Office of the Dean of Men or in University Hall, south entrance. Students are requested to verify the correctness of their names, addresses and telephone numbers and report errors in person or in writing at the Registrar’s Office before Saturday. DO NOT TELEPHONE. DO NOT MAKE CORRECTIONS ON THE PROOF. Copies of proof of the lists of campus telephones and of the members of the stpflf will be sent to the various departments. Members of the staff are requested to verify the entries which concern them and report errors and corrections in writing to the Registrar’s Office, before noon, Saturday, October 24th. --STONE*
Ebershoff Will Play For Mixer Tomorrow
Kenny Ebershoff and his Gold and Black Aces will furnish the syncopation for the regular Union Mixer tomorrow night. The usual admission of a dollar will prevail at the dance which will last from 9 to, 12.
Veterinaries Hear Skinner
Livestock Oinic Today Ends Conference
Indiana veterinarians who are holding their annual conference at the University heard an address yesterday by Prof. J. H. Skinner, dean of the school of agriculture. Dean Skinner stated in his address that “One of the fundamental needs today, not only of veterinarians, but of everyone, is the need of intensive research, where we can get to the bottom of things and find out what underlies our many problems.” Dr. E. E. Van Lone, genetist of the school of agriculture spoke on “Hereditary Lethals” at the annual dinner meeting of the veterinarians yesterday evening in the Memorial Union Building. The conference ends today with a livestock clinic under the direction of Dr. W. B. Craig of Indianapolis.
C.W.CaldweUWm Speak On Television To Radio Club Tonigbt
What’s happening in the field of television? Those who wish to find the answer, are cordially invited to attend a lecture given by C. W. Caldwell of the electrical engineering department, in room A of the Union at 7:30 p. m. tonight. Final plans will be made for code classes. The code classes, as well as the radio club, are not limited to amateur radio operators.
BIG TEN STANDINGS
W.
L.
T.
Pet.
PURDUE
2
0
0
1.000
Northwestern ....
2
0
0
1.000
Indiana
1
0
0
1.000
Minnesota ..-..v--
1
0
0
1.000
Illinois
......0
0
1
.000
Iowa
0
1
1
.000
Ohio State
......0
1
0
.000
Chicago
0
1
0
,000
Wisconsin,
0
%
0
.000
Michigan
......0
2
0
.000
Reiturns Give Kansan 266, Roosevelt 151
Ag Students Show Strong Leaning To Rooseveh; Sophomores Lead All Classes in Balloting Four hundred and twenty-four students, faculty and others. have submitted ballots in Exponent Presidential Straw Vote to date. Of this number. Gov. Alfred M. Landon has received 266, or 63 per cent, and Franklin D. Roosevelt, 151 or 36.8 per cent of the votes. Earl Browder, Comihunist candidate has re-
Colvin
ceived 2 votes, while
and Lemke have 1 vote each. Norman Thomas has received 3 votes from Socialist support-
ers.
In the school of agriculture, Roosevelt leads his Republican opponent 36 to 10, while in the schools of engineering, Landon outweighs Roosevelt 139 to 68. The engineers also give Thomas and Browder 2 votes and Lemke 1. The co-eds in the school of home economics give Landon a plurality of 22 votes, the count being 37 to 15 for the Republican nominee. Sophomores Heaviest Voters Members of the sophomore class have submitted more ballots than any of the other three classes, with the seniors running a close second. The vote by classes is as follows: Freshmen 77 votes. Sophomores 121, Juniors 96, Seniors 101, and Graduates 6. The science school votes 49 to 19 for Gov. Landon with Colvin receiving support from one student. The entire school vote is as follows: Ag. 46, Ch. E. 41, C. E. 16^ R E. 32, Eng. 37, Home Ec. 62,1. E. 2, M. E. 74, Phar. 10, Phys. E^ 6, Pub. Ser. Eng. 7, and Sci. 71. Faculty Indicate Choice Instructors in the University are fairly well divided voting Landtm 3, Roosevelt 2, and Thomas 1. Eighteen persons not connected directly with the University have submitted votes, 12 of which are for Landon, and 6 for Roosevelt. Don’t forget to turn in your ballot. Remember, tomorrow at 6 o’clock is the deadline. You don’t have to be 21 to vote in the Exponent Presidential Straw Poll. Simply clip the ballot printed on this page, and deposit it in a campus mail box, located in every campus building, or in the Exponent box in the lobby of Memorial Union Building TOMORROW is THE LAST DAY TO SIGNIFY YOUR CH9ICE FOR PRESIDENT!!
Boilermakers Given Rousing Send-Off By Crowd
One of the largest and peppiest crowds ever to assemble for a pep session marched to the Big Pour depot to give the Boilermaker football squad a real send-off last evening. The band and the enthusiasm of the crowd provided the team with a real exhibition of their backing and support. Walt Burnell led the yelling and Captain George Bell promised the crowd to “bring back that old. bacon” as the team mounted fhe train for Minneapolis to push the Gopher squad back into its hole. The passengers on the ^in received a real “kick” from the spirit and antics of the crowd who waved and yelled to the people in the passenger cars.
Wa3me Barnard, ’2fr, graduate from the school of pharmacy, recently enrolled in the Chicago College of Osteopathy*
EXPONENT STAFF
Compulsory meetiiig of aU members of the editorial staff Saturday afternoon, Oetober 24 at 1 u’^look in the recaption room of the Memorial Union Building. Short, but very im-* portant
Gold Diggers Swing Tonight
Co-eds WiU Cast Votes For “God’s Gift To Women” At Dance
Tonight will tell—who will the co-eds label “Purdue’s Most Eligible Bachelor?” Who wiD be “God’s Gift to Women?” Who will claim the title of “Lochinvar?” AU coeds who attend the Gold Digger’s Ball will cast their votes at the Union desk by 9:45 p. m. At 10:45, the result of the balloiang will be announced, and “the winnahs” will be named by Dorothy Martenet, cochairman of the W. S. G. A. social committee, and with Elizabeth Ann Stewart, in charge of the ball. Band Ted Nering and his band Will furnish swing style music for the coeds and their dates. In his initial appearance on the campus he will liave an eleven-piece band with four vocalists, among whom are Johnny Anstey and John Bothwell. Ted’s band has played over several CBS radio stations and just completed a whole summer’s engagement at Lake Tippecanoe. The dominating figure in the backdrop is a huge goIdfish,exhaling a large assortment of co-ed necessities, including dollar bills, eds, gold coins, automobiles, and bottles of port. The background of sea-weed, bubbles and coral gives the scene an aquatic air.
New Types Of Higb Intensity Lamps Shown On Display
New types of high intensity mercury and sodium lamps will be displayed by Prof. R- B. Withrow at a lecture to be given tonight at 7:30 p. m. in the Physics Lecture Room. The lamps will be displayed in connection with Prof. Withrow’s talk on “Energy Relationships in Plants.” Their application to artificial radiation of growing specimens will be discussed. The speaker also plans to review his recent experiments on the growth of plants without the use of soil. The first hand insight into a new and highly interesting fiield should prove interesting to aR students of engineering, agriculture, and physics. Sigma Pi Sigma, national honorary physics society, sponsors this lecture as the first of a series of popular talks to be given through out the year and is pleased to invite all who are interested.
Generally Fair
By Tmpy £spon«nt VVoatlnir Kmae Well, after that red hot pep session and sendnff for the tewnalisb night the weather should H Wiipai today. It’s hard to t^ lust whah it will be. MY tail was trampled under the feet of the horde wly^ took over the railroad station. Wa still too numb to re«ave the forecast. t hear it’s snowing pp in Minneapolis. But ^t won’t our hoys. Whatever kind of weather comes they wRl it. Bly tail’s ail right now. The weathnf will he genially Ikir. . .s -<7 ^1J
If t
l*«tice •Jfwo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, October 23, 1936
More About Rush It is generally acknowledged by all those concerned that this year’s sorority rush system was a flop, and it is generally conceded that changes must be and will be made before next fall. The questions now are when, by whom, and what changes ? The present rules supposedly originated solely from the Pan-Hellenic Council and were passed upon by each sorority last Spring. At the time they were considered the answer to the organized maiden’s prayer. Now they are looked upon with utmost disgust. One plan, proposed for 1937 and following years, provides that no restrictions of any sort be placed upon rush. This open rush, as it is generally known, has met with much favorable comment, and only feeble opposition has as yet made itself evident. One member of the council declared she was for open rush vpith the exception that she approved of quota limitations for the houses. Another senior said that she saw no reason to limit the number of pledges. K one or two houses are so weak that they need protection, why should those houses continue to exist ? Immediate action, while the memory of the 1936 rush is still fresh, would be advisable. Without hurrying, a definite program could be outlined and approved within the next thre months at least. Will the Pan-Hellenic Council take the needed action now, or will it wait until everyone is worried about examinations next May?
Snobs DePauw’s new president. Dr. Clyde Everett Wildman, has already recognized in his university a problem with which most colleges are faced. In a recent alumni meeting, he stated: “A snob is out of fashion on the DePauw campus. I want to keep DePauw universally democratic.” A snob is definitely out of fashion on any campus, but those who have been awarded this title seem oblivious of this fact. Snobs may be found at Purdue as well as at DePauw, and they are as disliked here as there. The fact that one student has more money than most others, need not make him a snob, but it so often does. A condescending air, a supercilious smirk, or a patronizing attitude inspire disgust anywhere. Howevei, it would seem that dealing with snobs IS a problem of the students and not of the faculty. The usual student response to faculty frowning-ons in such matters is a snicker. Student censure is much more greatly feared by snobs, who would soon revert to normal human beings if they were made to feel the disgust that the average student feels for them. A disgusted look—or better yet, complete ignoring— —seems to be the best way for the average student to eliminate these persons.—J. E. B.
Censorship With Education Presents A Curious Paradox A curious paradox of higher education in this country is revealed by dispatches from Austin reporting that the board of regents of the University of Texas have placed the student newspaper published at the university under the censorious supervision of a fac-ulty-controlled committee.. Among the things which can no longer be published in the Daily Texan under the new rule are “articles on national, state, and local political questions.” The paradox is this: Young men and women in American colleges and universities are urged—by, their professors—to improve and sharpen their minds and to do their own thinking. For years American educators have been complaining that college students do not show sufficient interest in current affairs. Yet when these students do follow the advice
$urbue exponent
Founded in 1883 I
1936 Member 1937 f^socioied Gc>lle6iale Pt-ess Distributors of Goiledkie Di6e$t
Member of National College Press Association, Big Ten Editorial Association naPRESENTEO POR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINQ BY National Advertising Service, Inc College Publishers Representative 420 Madison ave. New York, n. Y. CHICAGO - BOSTON - BAN PRANCISCO LOS ANGELES - PORTLAND - SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8 60 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year, sold by single copy, 2 cents
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 5037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Bditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor E. H. Morris Amweiate Editors K. A Barnette, J E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Bporto Rditor
Awoetate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
L, D. Wood
W. H Fifield, S R. Griffiths, R. F. Obencbain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager „ R. J. Hulse MaHoiisl Advertisfiig Manager L. H. Brown LomI Advertising Manager D. C. Miller ClKUlation Msnagsr J. P. Girard
Sditor . Adveitlsing Manager Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF - Helen Creech Betty Barnett Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
isBtte N. Befarends
of their professors and do their own thinking, what happens ? The very thing that has happened at the University of Texas. If students do their thinking along the proper, approved and conventional lineSf then it is perfectly all right. If the students become yes-men then everything is lovely and higher education is a wonderful thing. But if the students begin thinking in their own way and in another direction—if they begin asking embarrassing questions of those who sit in the saddle —if they begin asking the George F. Babbitts how come they a^ running things one way when common sense reveals a much better way—then this is rank radicalism, impertinent heresy, subversive com munism and all that sort of thing. And if the student begin talking about free speech and their rights as American citizens, to express their opinions on various topics, the afore-mentioned unable to answer such an argument, begin tut-tut-ing and deploring and viewing with alarm. “We want to give the student editors and their student staff all the freedom possible,” explained Dr. H. Y. Benedict, president of the University, “But we don’t believe this freedom entitles these students to run a political newspaper.” And precisely why not? Why shouldn’t college men and women set forth their views on political questions? True, their views may not always be right or well informed, but since they will have to wrestle with these questions ten or fifteen years after they get out of college, isn’t it a good thing for them to begin studying and discussing them so as to learn what they are all about ? The university board of regents answer with a frowning No!—but Thomas Jefferson would have answered with a resounding Yes! So will many a former student of the University of Texas who still believes in civil liberties and free speech and who still remembers how his professor once tried to make him do his own thinking. College students are not children. They are young men and young women who are being trained, ostensibly, to take charge of affairs. Why they should not be allowed to scrutinize and discuss such affairs freely and openly it is difficult to see. If their opinions are wrong—^but from what point of view?—^then they will undoubtedly, through the pressure of events learn to right them. If their opinions are libelous, then they can quickly be corrected through the orderly processes of law. But to prohibit these young men and women altogether from forming or expressing their opinions on “national, state, and local political questions” seems unwise, intolerant, fascistic. It also shows that the big boys simply can't take it— they love to be yessed but they certainly hate to be argued with. If former students of the university can be sufficiently aroused, they may yet be able to rescue one of the best college newspapers in the country from the claws of censorship.—Galveston Tribune.
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent will not assume responsthiltty for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer
Platforms Every four years when a presidential campaign rolls around, the various political parties convene and draft a platform stating what their respective intentions are. There is an astonishing similarity between the platforms of the two major parties at least in nearly every campaign. Up until the present administration, perhaps, there has also been often a great similarity between the accomplishments of the two parties when in office. It seems that each administration has kept some of its promises and forgotten others. Since some of the platform planks have been apparently forgotten or disregarded, why is the practice of having a platform being kept? Probably because one party has a platform, the other feels it is necessary to have one also to garner votes. The candidates’ personal views quite often supercede the platform planks, so that the value of the latter is questionable. If the platform could be made to agree with the actual aims of the candidate, it would be valuable in showing the voters just what each candidate proposed to do so they can judge him on his merits. If platforms would also eliipinate meaningless or ambiguous statements they would deserve much more consideration. But at present the platforms deserve little consideration, at least according to records of promises and accomplishments.
“The mental energy given off by a professor during an hour lecture is equivalent to the energy supplied by eating one-half a peanut.—Dr. Morris Fishbein.
A “date,” according to Alfred College officials, is any casual or pre-arranged meeting lasting more than fifteen minutes between a man and a woman after 6 p. m.
Worry has reached proportions which make it as formidable a foe as many of the death-dealing plagues of the'^past.—^Dr. Frank Bramen.
The higher education of women means more for the future than all conceivable legislative reforms, —David Starr Jordan.
Don’t choose a career because it sounds glamorous. -M. H. Aylesworth.
2. Establish student SELF-Goyernment. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Modify the Student Union Election System. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
To-night is sucker night . . . . the I. U. boy friend who came up to see JANE ANDERSON yesterday is rather bashful and wouldn’t go into the Sweet Shop to get JANE—one of the waitresses came to his rescue . . . with GOLD DIGGERS to-night there are plenty of mix-ups .. PIA big shotress, REGINA KELLY, asked two fellows to the dance tonight, and when both accepted she had a terrible time smoothing things over—^we wonder which one won out—^tonight will tell . . . The KAPPAS are pulling the prize trick tonight for it seems that a couple of them couldn’t decide which one would ta*ke a certain fellow so—both of these huskys are taking one boy—they are splitting expenses and dances—^yours truly hopes that they both get socked admission for two couples . . .will KLOPPY, STEVENS, CLAYPOLE ROHYANS, HELM, BRUBAKER, HULSE, VAN NATTA, or CLOSSON be chosen knight-errant at the shindig upon this fair eve ? ? ...
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
MEN, LET’S REBEL AGAINST THESE CABBAGES ETC., CORSAGES ! !
The rumor that started which stated that BEN POLLOCK and BAND will play for MT BALL is false—the committee is again worrying itself sick trying to get another good band—it may be a couple of days more before a new band is announced , . . I don’t have a date for the dance tonight—if any ed is interested call me at the CHI O House—iPhone 7977—JEANNE JANOUSEK . . . Not a paid ad, but the truth—bye the wa>, she also has a comp . . . SPES, SCHMICK and BLUEM-
(b 1936 by United Feature Syndicate Inc
“And make one room of the house haunted—that’s for my mother-in-law.”
EL are competing for the same gals—for GOLD DIGGERS, BLUEMEL has a date with ANN SIMS and SCHMICK has a date mid VIRGINIA RICHARDS—for the SPE dance next night, BLUEMEL totes RICHARDS and SCHMICK dates SIMS—^why can’t these two couples get together and right their loves . . . the Pi Phi picnic must have been some affair the other night— I have heard of cars running out of gas and having flat tires but when they deliberately get stuck in the mud that is a new one on me— it would be all right if only one did such but just because the fellow in one car was enjoying a stuck car is no reason for all the rest of the fellows to see that their crates got stuck too . . . (Continued on page 4)
ARC Today - Saturday
HOOT GIBSON
“Spirit of the West” FRANCES FARMER and JOHN HOWARD in “Border Flight” also SERIAL - BETTY ROOF
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPujnENT
24 Bronze Dancing Girls
FEATURING MILLER AND MANTAN COMEDIANS JESSIE CRIER TORRID SINGER OF THE BLUES BOBBY BELL AND EVELYN KEYES TAP DANCERS DELUXE THREE SEPIA SONGBIRDS A STYLE REMINISCENT OF THE MILLS BROS. OLIVETTE MILLER MISTRESS OF THE HARP THREE BROWN SPOTS SWINGING ^ SINGING — DANCING
PRICES THIS ATTRACTION Matinee 15c 25e 30c Night 15e 3Qc 40e
24 Bronze Dancing Girls
EXTRA ADDED ATTRACTION JEAN CALLOWAY with EDDIE COLES ..dhi. TORRID SWING BAND
PLUS An Outstanding Screen Attraction
TODAY and SATURDAY}:''I,":'4 -' /Sm
}:''I,":'4 -' /Sm
Fri day» October 28i 1980
THE PUKDHE EXPONENT
E-2SquadWins ROTCSwim
Second Place In FourWay Tie Between F-2, D-l,C:-2,AndB-l
The first bracket of the Military sports program was brought to a partial close last night in the Memorial gymnasium when the interbattery swimming ' meet was won by E-2 and second place was quartered between F-2, D-1, C-2, and B-1.
E-2 won its coveted position with, eight points by virtue of Harris taking first in the 220 yard, free style and Mears coming in second in the diving. Finishing a mere two points behind were the other four batteries with six points. The members of E-2’s team having assured themselves of medals, the four-way tie for second will be played off in the near future in order to place one battery in line for receiving the medals which go to that position. Medals also go to the individual winners of each event. Closely following this playoff, the inter-battery softball games will soon start. These in turn will be followed by the boxing program, which will wind up the season. The results of the meet are as follows, the point system being 6 for first place, 3 for second, and 1
for third.
40 yard dash— ;21.4 Swanson, C-2 ;
Allen, B-1: Cleveland, F-4.
100 yard free style—1:01.6, Aucker, D-1; Graham, B-l; Ostrander, F-2. 220 yard free style—2:54.9, Harris
E-2 ; Johnson, A-1; Stroup, H-2.
100 yard back stroke—1:18, Burns,
D-4 : Barrett, F-2; Bichsel, C-2 ; Dietz,
D-1 (tied for third).
100 yard breast stroke—1:18, Miller,
A-3; Amhoser, F-2.
Diving—Sloan, D-2; Mears, E-2;
Brown, F-2.
Coach Maxwell has issued a call for all men interested in Golden Gloves or Intramural Boxing ta report to the Gym at 9:00 tonight.
New MAIN
'Hearts and Bondage’
JAMES DUNN MAE CLARK DAVID MANNERS
— Plus — OTTO KRUGER
“Two Sinners” with MARTHA SLEEPER CORA SUE COLLINS
FAMIIY
TODAY - SATURDAY 2 BIG FEATURES
CLARENCE E. MULFORLTS
and MARY BRIAN RUSSELL HARDIE
‘Killer At Large”
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY^ t DOUBLE FEATURE
Bold Boilermakers
Brave Gopher Gales And Hails
For our beloved Purdue fans who have enough courage (and money) to brave the terrors of a long jour-, ney to Minneapolis, we wish to issue this warning and news of the grave state of affairs. Just to make sure that nobody comes up against anything they don’t expect, let us say that snow plows and PWA workers are being mustered in‘at Minnesota to help the Purdue rooters “carry on” in spite of the snow, ice, sleet, and hail which are common stuff “way out thar in the West.” The frozen bits of precipitation have been falling for some time in the vicinity of the game and it would be wise if Purdue followers would provide heavy gloves, woolen underwear, and alcohol ,,(for^ their automobile radiators) just so that they are sure of being able to make their long trek homeward of their own free will and not in a coffin.
ieldcT’s.... ....choice # I By Bob Walpole
And the fourth senior for our Boilermaker Biographies . . . Number 46 : . . Fred Leon Stalcup . . . regular Left Halfback on our Purdue eleven . . . his nick name is “Sticks” and called same by his brothers . . . —fc— Fred is a well known figure oft the gridiron ... he has played a lot of football for Purdue . , . this is the first year he has been seen at the halfback post . . . his first two years as a member of the Gold and Black team saw him as a quarterback . . . incidentally Fred feels very much at home in his new berth and likes it very much . . . —^fc— Age? . . . this will surprise some . . . Fred was born on April 19,1910 thus bringing him to the moment at the tender age of 26 years, six months, and five
days old ... he graduated from Bicknell High Schfpl. ift^l928 after playing four years . of football and two years of base ball with four years of track ... he collected a total of ten major letters in his four years at Bicknell High School ... to date 'Fred has received three major letters at Purdue, one in track and
two in football
-fc-
Stalcup is an only son, and he was born in Jasonville, Indiana ... his present home town is Bicknell, Indiana ... he stands in his stocking feet at five-nine, and he weighs 165 pounds . . . light brown hair, and blue eyes ... he is the lightest man on the regular varsity backfield . . . and the fastest . . . Freddy hopes to coach after he has completed his collegiate career . . . he is a senior member of the Physical Education School majoring in history, biology and speech ... last year (this is the truth, too) he was a distinguished student . . . —^fc—
To get away from the scholastic and athletic activities in Fred’s life . . . his maift sources of extra curricular entertainment are motion pictures and dancing .. Fred really does like girls (his brothers say that he is often paged to the phone by some sweet young thing) . . . he refused to tie himself down by admitting a desire for any one of the screen actresses.. . . he would rather not be partial and include the whole field .... \ —^fc—
Fred is a member of Beta Theta Pi and is president of the “Purdue for Landon Club” ... he loves to travel .. . the manner doesn’t really make much difference . . . —fc-^
Fred hopes to be, among the cast that will beat Minnesota tomorrow ... we dropped in to find his ankle wrapped in towels, writh heat applications ... we all hope to see you in there running wild against those Gophers, Freddy . . . and thus, your left halfback . . . Number 46 ,,. Fred Leon “Sticks” Stalcup ....
Acacia Fraternity is holding a pledge dance Saturday night with Bob Kelley furnishing the music.
ANDY HRAM
Andy Uram, Minnesota’s triple-threat-halfback, -will be a constant menace to the Boilermaker’s goal line when they clash with the Gophers tomorrow. His consistent punting,' accurate passing, and spectacular ball carrying have featured Minnesota’s offense so far this season. Uram, who last season averaged seven yards every time he carried the ball, recently dashed 79 yards to account for Minnesota’s 7-0 victory over Nebraidia. Five feet, 11 inches in heisdit,., Uram weighs 170 pounds and his home is in Minneapolis.
Sigma Chi’s Win Over Phi Belt’s
Homers By Musham And Jones To No Avail Against Sig^s
It took the Sigma Chi’s about thirty-five minutes yesterday afternoon to run up a score of 8-4 over the Phi Belt’s in the semi-finals of the Interfraternity Softball Tournament. Hurt pitched to Chapin for the victorious Sigma Chi’s and Rush caught both Swan and Dickinson on the Phi Belt’s side. Upholding that old adage of “Slow and steady wins the race” at least in part, the Sig’s swept on through a steady game and emerged victorious while the Phi Belt’s twice flared up when Musham aftd Jones smashed out homers but still were unable to cope with their opponents’ superior teamwork.
“DEAC” HAS EVERTTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
EDWARD WIDSETH
Minnesota’s co-captain, Edward Widseth, will be the mainstay for the third consecutive year of the highly touted Gopher line, which will confront Purdue tomorrow. Purdue in its last two engagements with Minnesota has found the 220 pound AllAmerican tackle to be a hard tackier and a sure blocker. Widseth, a senior from McIntosh, Minnesota, is one of the long line of players produced by Bemie Bierman capable of playing an entire game without relief.
WARD SOFTBALL
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 28 Diamond 13— ^Ward 1 vs. Ward 2. 14— ^Ward 4 vs. Ward 6. 16—Ward 7 vs. Ward 7-x. 16— Ward 8 vs. Ward 11. 17— Ward 14 vs. Ward 16. 18— Ward 16 -vs. Ward 17.
TOUCHBALL GAMES
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 23 Field 1— Theta Chi vs. Acacia. Official, Beck. 2— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Beta Theta Pi. Official, Hamilton. 3— Phi Delta Theta vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. Official, Boyer. 4— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. Official, Kerber. 6—Delta Upsilon vs. Theta Tau. Official, Utter. 6— Pi Kappa Phi vs. Pirathon. Official, Mangas. 7— Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Official, Bartling. 8— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. Official, Gaulke.
NOTICE
Fraternities and Sororities
Why not have your next party in our ballroom? We have jiwt remodeled and redecorated ova^ entire school.
Phone 2150
ALLENS
6th & Ferry
■■"I# T « I'lve Lead In Big Ten Race
All Unbeaten Conference Teams To See Action Tomorrow
Exactly half of the Big Ten football teams are yet to be beaten as the season’s half way mark looms in the foreground and, as the irony of fate would have it, four of these five leaders see action this Saturday against each other, while the other, Indiana, plays Ohio State who has been beaten but is still far from being a push over for any college team. The other teams who crowd the upper half are Purdue, Minnesota, Northwestern and Illinois.
The situation being as it is, it is sure that at least two of the leaders will lose their positions in the winning division by the time
The Blade that Science discovered for yunf
50 Kirbury Swedish Steel RAZOR BLADES 50«
RAZOR BLADES thdt are guaranteed not to drag, nick or leave uneven patchesi They'll give you the smoothest shave you ever had! If you use each edge only once you can hdve 100 shaveli for 50cl Blades are made of fine Swedish surgical steel, tempered by a miracle, almost human process, sharpened in filtered oil and sterilized with thymol. A sensdtionol value that no keen business man can afford to miss, (fits double edged razors.)
NEW PAGKAGEI AMAZING VAAUEI
JSlaJe$ pacitd in coif-' ' vtnient package wifi I ditpotal compartment for uted ‘'
/
ORDER BY COUPON ( Please send me packages of J' 50 Kirbury Blades. |
Ndme^.»
Address.,
^^^rge DC.O.D. OMo^cy^i^w j
Loeb & Heite Co.
Saturday evening rolls nrotind, and some seboofs’ fond frtqpes for a Big Ten ebampfonsbip will have to be tbrown into tbe discard. Sharing tbe spotlight of natiofial Sports will be the tilt at Minneapolis when the Boilermakers try to wrest a victory from the Gophers and the battle between Northwestern and the lllini. The home of the dethroned Buckeyes will be invaded by Coach Bo McMillin’s Hoosiers who will be pointing for another win.
Michigan, the only other Big Ten team to see action tomorrow, will meet the Columbia Lions who to date have failed to score a Win over their adversaries.
Prof. F. C. Hdckema Outlines Summer Session Plans'
Preliminary plans for the 1937 Summer Session were outlined yesterday at a meeting of the Sommer Session Faculty Committee called by Prof. Prank C. Hockema, director of the Summer Session.
Hot Air HEATERS for popular cars
Gomforter Type
For Model
"A" Fords. Clamps Around A4anifoM
98c
CAST IRON MANIFOLD HEATERS
For Model A Fords
For Ford V-8, Chevrolet 6,
Piymoiith and Dodge
$2.65 $3.48
INSTANTANEOUS, FUME-FREE HEAT
GUARANTEE
532 Main Tire aiui Rubber Co. 532 Mam Open Sunday 8:30 to ll;30a. m.
November 6th
The Military Ball
TUXEDOS and FULL DRESS SUITS
Tailored to Your Individual Measurements
Sparrendahl
...Tailor
507 Main St.
Gold Disaers Here*s Your Chance
^The way to a man’s heart is through his stomach. One of our thick, juicy, sizzling, tender steaks wiU he just the thing.
WHEELER’S
d20 Main StreetIP&ge ypUT
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Fri4ay> Qctpberj^^J^g|6
ft « k
|i!
Th« Risk Dentnl Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBSRT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Roth Florist, Inc.
Complete Floral Service Serving Purdue for 37 years 635 Mam St in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955 — 8050
B&B
Decker’s
518-520 Main St. Phone 6477
Nothing finer for your club meeting than our chocolate drink—^served hot or cold.
Sunshine Farms
Phone 5015
Four Stores
The four Lafayette Piggly Wiggly Stores are conveniently located:
110 Vine Street West Lafayette
501 Main Street Lahr Hotel Building
910 Kossuth Street 1301 North Uth Street
New Store Soon at 1616 •161B Blain
There is no doubt concerning who will be picked “LOGHINVAR” nt the one add only fishes ball upon this great and illustrious, star infested night ? ? ?—^no One but the date of a Theta or Pi Phi has a chance for THETA MARENET and PHI PHI STEWART will have the unobserved authority to tally and give forth to the suckers and their male dates the results of the loveliest and most beautiful man contest . . .
MARS DOIT Turn in any doit you may have acquired by noon today — winner for week announced in tomorrow’s column . . .
Classified! Ads.
Sunday Evening Club Plans Outing
The Sunday Evening Club of the Central Presbyterian Church will have an outing at Black Rock Sunday afternoon instead of its regular Sunday bight meeting. Those desiring to attend will meet at the Westminister House, 159 Sheetz St., at 3 p. m. A supper will be served at fifteen cents per plate. Cars are needed for transporting the members to Black Rock, which IS a favorite outing spot about fifteen miles south of Lafayette on the Wabash.
Column For Clubwomen
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebersholf, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Edw. J. Freeberg, Piano Tuner. Phones—35101, 4787.
HOME MADE PIE AND CAKE —Chicken and noodles, fried chicken, potato salad, baked beans at BAKE SHOP, 216 Columbia St.
Student Room For Rent—Board included. 227 Wood St. Phone 3213.
MRS. ARLINE
Gifted Reader and Advisor Advice on All Affairs of Life
Special Reading 25c
Located One Half Block East of State on Brown Street Levee. West Lafayette
By Marian Kidd Something new in hand wear— crocheted gloves that are stitched around the fingers in contrasting colors.
A. A. V, W. will hold its regular dinner meeting Tuesday, October 27, in the Home Economics building at SIX o’clock. Professor Marian Willoughby will give an illustrated talk on her recent trip to Europe. Dean and Mrs. Enders will also give an illustrated talk on their summer trip to Central America.
Fashion note from Vogue! Hats should be high with touches of fur this winter.
The Agapai club of West Lafayette is sponsoring a silver tea this afternoon in the Faculty Lounge of the Union building from 2 till 5. Guests and friends are welcome.
Here is a colorful autumn salad idea—Slice tiny yellow tomatoes very thin and serve on lettuce with rings of green pepper.
Ihe Latayette Edgewood club will hold a combined meeting with the Boswell Research Club at the Harry Simpkins home in Boswell, Monday, October 26. Mrs. A. K. Sills will review a modern novel. Mrs. E. W. Dunn will give a reading and music will be furnished by the Lafayette choral society.
Sir Walter a la Ipj6
When the femmes get ga-ga over a male’s ankles — so what? Merely an artist gone daffy over the exhilarating effect of some new sox
Another good English tradition (six by three ribs) streamlined with clocks and stripes Dignified enough for a Phi Beta — bracing enough for any devotee to Esquire
50c
ADVANCE GUARD FASHIONS by Wilson Brothers
Baltimore Clothes Shop
e 1036, W B.
Definitely a sports blouse, but not forsaking the dressy side, is the new wool jersey blouse fringed on the sleeves and collar.
Three O’Clock Club will hold its weekly meeting at the home of Mrs. Frank Moore. Mrs. Skinner will review a book.
Here’s a splendid idea for a gift for the autumn bride. Vogue suggests a menu diary.
West Lafayette Reading Club will meet at the home of Mrs. J. T. Gunn on Grant Street, Wednesday, October 28, at 2:30.
Brighten up your soup with these garnishes. Add
dishes a little
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
Caramel Crisp Hot Roasted Peannts - Fudge Salted Redskins - Caramel Apples From the Griffin Quality Shop Dad’s Plaee • • • 352 Street
WE HAVE A VARIETY OF BAKERY GOODS
Order Early for Hallowe'en GRAVE'S- BAKERY
We Cater to Sororities and Fraternities
chopiied mint to pea soup; a few shreds of cocoanut are a pleasing addition to each dish of chicken soup or seTve thin slices of lemon and hard boiled egg in beati soup.
NOTICES No iwUeM acMirtwl aflMr t IL m.
Basic Students—Those desiring to remove a grade of C in Mil. Tr. 2, report to undersigned in adjutant’s office. Armory, before noon, Oct. 24. —HAYFORD
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation postponed until Oct. 26 at 8:8ff a. m. ' —PITTMAN.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—All unsold season tickdts must be returned. —RUSSELL.
Independents—Skit Shop meeting is postponed until 4 p. m. Oct. 23 in the office. “Common Clay” will be completely cast at that time. —WHITE,
Radio Club—Meeting Oct 23 in Union Building Technical lecture by C L Caldwell. —BERNSTEIN.
W. A. A. Leaders—Sign up in gym by Oct 28 noon if going to cabin Saturday —HALSTEAD
Purdue Engineer—All sales staffs must go out twice this week. Leaders report progress Oct. 23 at 4 p. m —JONES
Military Ball Committee—An important meeting in cadet officers’ room, Armory,
Oct 28 at ^ p. m.
-BAKER
FOR NEW—SMART
CABS
Call 2151 Radio-Equipped
Deluxe Cab Co.
Corner Fifth & Ferry
NOfICB t
78621-78682, W«d. 28; 78688-78786, ThwW. 29, 78787-73866, Fri. 80. O^flcO opehed between 8:00 and 6:00. —VAN NA-TTA.
Dhd's News—^All stories for Dad’s News are to be at Union Office by 4:00 Oct. 28, —McLEOD.
Playshop Lights Crow—^Important meeting Monday, Oct. 26 at 4 in Playshop Office. —WILLEY
Reamer Club—^Important meeting 'Tuesday, Oct, 27 at 7 :d0 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union building. All actives and pledges are urged to be present. —BUXTON.
LEARN TO DANCfi CORRECTLY
Private Lessons By Appointment
Waltz, Fox Tret and Latest BallToom Dances
Phone 2160
ALLEN’S
6th & Fetty
J
TUXEDOS
or
TAILS
If you are needing a formal outfit this season — stop in and see our complete line of Tuxedos or Full Dress Suits. Midnite Blue or Black—single breasted or double
and up
All the newer ideas m accessories at popular prices. In fact we have anything that is correct in formal attire.
GEISLER’S
CLOTHES SHOP, INC. 500 Main
RAILROADK Welcome New Ideas
Young people today should find much to their liking in the policies of management adopted by our modern railroads. Nothing is sacred merely because it is old. Policies are based solidly upon the test-tube findings of current public usefulness and favor, e Consider these evidences of railway experimentation: Reduced fares, faster and more convenient schedules, streamline trains, added comfort and beauty in passenger equipment, lower-priced meals, air-conditioning, free pillows for coach passengers, free pick-up and delivery of less-thcin-carload freight—such innovations bring luster to the long-held railway advantages of safety, economy and dependa]::^ty. • The Illinois Central System is especially proud of its Green Diamond, $425,000mile-a-minute streamline train recently placed in service. It has been called a rolling laboratory, in which will be worked out principles
affecting the development of future passenger transportation, and it embodies the latest findings of science in a wide variety of fields. Favorably received,it gives every promise of fulfilling its chosen mission. • Thus deeds giveproof of progress and confirm the cMled determination of railway management and personnel to keep in the very forefront of transportation. America!^ railroads in such ways are daily justifying their kinship with the college and university world.
RNMINOSII... Education today must kaep in touch with the raihoads. Fundamentals eveiybody ought to know are what tne railroads mean as carriers, employers, taxpayers, purchasers, fields of investment and foundations of
national defdhae.
Educators espsloiaUy should remember that railway taxes keep 1,600,000 students in sch^; that railway bonds are tbe bacldog 6f many an endowed institution; that the railroads
today, in keeping with the spirit
of all t
i true eduonfion, are forging ahead progressively to new goals.
lUIIIOIS CEITIIAL SrSTEM AN INDIANA RAILROAD