Exponent Board Elects 1939-’40 Staff
R. E. ItiSley Editoi>-Ini-Chief
D. G. Terrio Editorial Director
G. W. Frederick Manaeringr Editor
Georgann Schilling Co-ed Editor
W. R Smith Business Manager
Rolfe Jenkins Sports Editor
Purdue
Z-185
Exponent
Lafayette# Indiana
FRIDAY
May 12,1939
Vol. 50
No. 180
Annual SDX Newspaper Day I Opens Here This Morning
Inspecting Board Sees 32 Batteries March In Review Inspecting officers yesterday •watched the , entire University ROTC corps pass in review on Intramural Field. The inspection will continue through today when the visiting officers tour the Armory to see classes and drill periods in action. Last night Major General Robert H. Tyndal, commanding officer of the 38th division of the National Guard and head reviewing officer of the day spoke at the annual military inspection banquet. Colonel Walter S. Drysdale, officer in charge of the Organized Reserves of the Fifth Corps Area also spoke. President Elliot served as toastmaster at the banquet. With the corps drawn up at attention, a 13-gun salute at 2:30 o’clock announced the arrival of the inspecting board headed by Major General Tyndall. Spectators gathered on the east side of the field in front of the space provided for parking. Following the inspection of the ranks by the official party, the 32 batteries, including the motorized units, passed by in review, preceded by the military band. The first brigade, led by Cadet Colonel R. R. Hannas removed their caps and uniform coats to perform calisthenics. The second brigade then went through a series of movements using the command system drill. The members of the corps gave and executed their own commands in this drill. The inspecting board was made up of Colonel R. M. Milan and Major J. M. Sanderson, Lafayette; and Major D. S. Dogget, Toledo, 0. Colonel W. S. Drysdale and Lt. Colonel B. E. McCunniff accompanied General Tyndall. Youth Hostels To Be Theme Of Ledure And Movie Today Bringing movies of the present youth hostels in New England and the middle west, Justin Cline of Chicago, field representative of the National Youth Hostel Movement, will lecture here today at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge. WAA is sponsoring the lecture which is intended to arouse interest in the newly organized Purdue Outing Club. The lecture will be open to anyone interested.
Newspapermen, Professors, Will Discuss Publications During Today's Meetings In Memorial Union Building Newspaper men from many sections of the state will gather at the University today for the Third Annual Newspaper Day, sponsored by the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity.
Meetings will begin at 10 a. m. in the Union, and will close with the Founder’s Day Banquet scheduled for 6:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Sigma Delta Chi initiation will be held at 5:30 p. m. Initiates will be announced in a later edition.
Many Speakers
Eugene C. Pulliom, co-founder of Sigma Delta Chi, publisher of the Lebanon Reporter, and owner of station WIRE, Indianapolis, will speak on “Newspapers and the Radio’ ’at the banquet. Other speakers during the day’s program will be T. A. Coleman, acting head of the agricultural extension department, whose subject will be “Indiana Agriculture and Its Advantages,” Professor L. Robertson, assistant chief of the farm management department, who will speak on “Changes in T5q)es of Farming in Indiana,” with a discussion by T. R. Johnston, University publicity
director.
E. C. Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski County Democrat, will be the opening speaker of the afternoon session, and will talk on “Opportunities in the Weekly Field.” “How 1939 Legislation Concerns Indiana Newspapers” will be the topic of Wray Fleming, President of the Hoosier Press Association. Harrison McDonald, manager of the McDonald Advertising Company, Lafayette, and former advertising manager for the Scripps-Howard papers and for the Curtis Publishing Company, wil speak on “How To Develop Classified Advertising.” The nrieetings will be held at 10 a. m., 11:15 a. m., and 1:16, 2, and 3 p. m. The meetings will be open to anyone interested in attending.
YWCAWill Sponsor Religious Convo YWCA is sponsoring a special religious convocation for visiting mothers Sunday morning. May 14, at 9:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, at which time Dean Stratton will speak to the mothers. Her subject at the service will be “From Generation to Generation.” Betty Klein will give the meditations and music will be furnished by the Concert Choir, The convocation will be a short one so that the mothers may also attend other church services if they wish to. The convocation is open to the public.
R. J. Todd Wins Top
\
Honors In First A-Z Ag Speech Contest Speaking on “Opportunities In Agriculture,” Raymond- J. Todd, Ag ’42, last night won the Alpha Zeta speech contest, an annual event sponsored by the agriculture honorary. Todd was awarded a medal, and his fraternity. Delta Chi, will retain possession of the Alpha Zeta
Trophy for one year.
W. L. Standish, Ag ’42, took second place with his discussion on “Soil Conservation in Southern Indiana,” and V. L. Stine, Ag ’41, was third with a talk on “Marketing Farm Grains Through Dairy Cows.” Other finalists who spoke last night were R. J. Cooley, ’39; R. W. Riggs,
’42; and H. E. Nickey, ’40.
Designed primarily to encourage speech activity among students of agriculture, the contest was judged by L. S. Winch, of the speech departmej^t, Glen Sample, of the Public Affairs committee, and E. A. Holm, assistant county agent. W6AA Will Present Broadcast In Honor Of Visiting Mothers A broadcast honoring the mothers of Indiana will be presented over WBAA tomorrow from 12 to 12:30 (C.S.T.) the Indiana Home Economics Association announced
last night.
The program, dedicated to Hoosier mothers, will feature the White county farm women’s chorus, directed by Mrs. Harold Phend, and music by Purdue and Lafayette high school students. J. Raymond Schutz of Indianapolis will give an address, and short talks will be given by Mrs. William Bacb, president of the Association, and Miss Aneta Beadle, secretary-treasurer. Mrs. Lloyd Davis of Clinton county will also take part. Vocal solos by Marvin Smith, of the Purdue Glee Club, and vibrabarp selections by Miss Jean Marsball of Jefferson High School will complete tbe program.
Jessie Graham To Be Crowned As May Queen Tomorrow , University mothers will be enter-( tained by WSGA Saturday afternoon at 3:30 in the Union ballroom at the annual crowning of the May Queen. Jessie Graham, May Queen will be crowned by Gordon Matthews, president of the Student Union. She will be escorted to her seat of honor and ■will reign over the remaining program. May Queen’s Court Members of the court are: Mary Cooley, eBtty Jo Sexton, Sally McKee, Martha Wood, Mai’y Wein, Georgiana Pittman, Mary Alice Learning, and Peggy Hamilton. The May Queen will be attired in white chiffon and the members of her court in rainbow colored dresses copied from the same pattern. The dresses will feature square necks, shirred bodices, draped skirts, and short puffed sleeves. The schedule for the May Day program is as follows: selections by the string ensemble, formal pledging of Mortar Board pledges, the crowning of May Queen, four numbers by the Modern Dance group, and songs by the Men’s Glee Club. Mothers Will See Gymkhana Sunday Especially arranged for the mothers who will be on the campus for Mother’s Day next Sunday, the Purdue Gymkhana, sponsored by the Riding Club, will be presented on Intramural Field. The program will begin at 2:30 Sunday afternoon and admission is free. Gymkhana, a word of Anglo Indian origin originally meant a meeting for athletic contests, mainly racing. Its use in connection with next Sunday’s show means an exhibition of games and contests. There are 15 such events on the program. Ribbons and cups, now on display at Red’s Barber Shop, will be given the winners in each event. 500 Debris Remain Although 550 persons are holding receipts for down payments on their Debris, Boyette Edwards, Business Manager of the Debris, announces that only 500 copies remain to be distributed. These will be passed out on a first come, first served basis. Those who have not yet received their copy should do so between 4 and 5:30 p. m. in the Union office soon.
Mother's Day Sing Will Start On Oval Tomorrow At 6:20 Thirty-seven groups have entered Mother’s Day Sing which is to be held tomorrow evening at 6:20 on the Oval directly east of the English Building. The sing will continue from 6:20 to 9:20 p. m. The program was arranged for the benefit of mothers who will attend the festivities at the University this week-end. Change In Schedule > Sigma Pi ! Report at 8:00, sing at 8:15 Sigma Phi Epsilon Report at 8:55, sing at 9:10 Pedalion Report at 9:00, sing at 9:15 Judges for the contest are Mrs. Ralph Thrush, music instructor, and formerly soloist in the DePauw Choir, and Donald F. Malin, manager of the education division of Lyon and Healy, of Chicago, and a noted composer. All street cars will be limited to a speed of three miles per hour between Marstellar and University streets s.o that no unnecessary noise will disturb the sing. Police have consented to patrol this part of State street. All student are requested not to park their cars along the Oval or on State street, and under no condition to sound their
horns.
Dancers Will Receive Free Rides To Airport Tonight Free transportation to the Airport Dance tonight will be provided for dance-goers at the east door of the Union Building and the south door of WRH. Rides will be furnished to the Airport from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. and back to the campus from 11:30 p. m. to 12:16 p. m. The dance, for which Bill Martin and his band will provide the music, will not be formal, and members of the committee last night recommended sports clothes as suitable dress. Dancing will continue from 9 to 12 o’clock. Tickets are still available at the west desk of the Union, at Deac’s, and at Southworth’s and may be purchased for $1.25. Co-ed Honorary Continues Mother's Day Corsage Sale The annual sale of corsages for Mother’s Day will be continued today by members of Alpha Lambda Delta, scholastic honorary for freshmen women. Proceeds from the sale will §0 into the society’s scholarship fund for sophomore women. Orders may be placed before tonight by calling Joan LeBoeuf, 4061 chairman of the di'ive, or may be given to any member of Alpha Lambda Delta.
E. M. Antonini Senior Advertising Managrer Revise Duties Of Editors, Business Juniors, Seniors R. E. Insley, D. G. Terrio, G. W. Frederick, W. E. Smith, E. M. Antonini, R. Jenkins, and Georgann Schilling — seven veteran members of the Exponent staff—were selected by the Exponent Electoral Board last night to head staffs of the student daily for the 19391940 publication year. Under a slightly revised arrangement of duties, Bob Insley will head the editorial staff as editor-in-chief and will be assisted by editorial director Don Terrio and managing editor Bill Frederick. Bill Smith will head the business staff as business manager with the assistance of Senior Advertising Manager Ed Antonini. Jenkins Sports Editor Directing Exponent’s sports staff will be Rolfe Jenkins as sports editor while Georgann Schilling as coed editor will be in charge of the activities of that group. The above board of seven as well as the remainder of the new staff was elected by the outgoing Electoral Board—Editor H. I. Stanback, Managing Editor L. S. Hardin, City Editor Don Bailey, Co-ed Editor Sally McKee, Sports Editor R. L. McDonald, Business Manager R. R. Hensler, Assistant Business Manager M. C. Reeves—meeting with Faculty Advisors T. R. Johnston and W. A. Bodden. Final elections came last night terminating three weeks of interviewing and discussing qualifications and recommendations submitted by present staff members. Six associate editors were selected to carry on the six-day-a-week publication. These men, present sophomores, are R. F. DeHoog, R. H. Donahue, D. K. Heiple, J. H. McKee, M. L. Miers, and J. H. Will-
sey.
Junior Business Managers Five junior business managers were selected to carry on the junior work in advertising, accounts, and circulation. These present sophomores are Ralph Fisher, Ray Hall, Augusta Hite, Merle Hagemeyer, and Tom Petty. D. J. Henninger will be art director for the new staff and Gladys Cox will serve as the business manager’s secretary. New associate co-ed editors are Georgia Carroll, Mary Burtsfield, and Beth Simpson. Completing the staff are associate sports editors M. M. Richards, Joe W. Dolan, and S. D. Marquis. Some revisions of the specific tasks of the senior staff were made creating the new position of editorial director. Senior business men were given increased responsibility and junior business managers were not named to specific tasks.
XI Sigma Pi...
. . . national forestry honorary fraternity annoimces the electi<m of the following officers; E. N. Stiver,Forester; F. C. Melcher, Assodate Forester; W. E. Madden, SecretaryFiscal Agent; A. M. Merrick, Ranger; and Dan DehUyl, Executive Councilman.i
£dibfdaL
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
J'HaijvaiL.
Fdday, May 12,1939
Exponent's Electoral Board •. ... scoops the staff of its own newspaper this momingr by printing on page one first news of elections. We have taken this means of announcing to our new staff and the campus at large the results of approximately a month’s work and deliberation . . . and we make this morning’s paper the swan song of the 1938-39 staff. Probably these announcements will result in a bit of surprise on the campus as well as among the new staff members. The electoral board has made major changes in the set-up of both editorial and business staffs. Conditions and personalities seem to justify the changes; at any rate the new staff—the fiftyfirst complete Exponent personnel—will carry the paper over into its second half-century with a brand new, untried organization makeup. Eections cannot be conducted in the stereotyped fashion that works so admirably in the solving of engineering problems. Human factors enter in with such importance that an decting agency can never gauge the accuracy of its decisions until their year of usefulness has passed by. This year the board has rebuilt the staff in different form with the sincere hope that a better Exponent can be produced. Bob Insley as editor-in-chief will direct the policies of the paper and will act as chairman of its electoral board. Editorial director Don Terrio will take over part of the work formerly left to editors-in-chief by assuming daily responsibility for the content, quality, and timeliness of the editorial page. An editorial board (chairmanless) consisting of senior officers will meet at least as often as once a week to map out campaigns and talk over editorial material. Editor Insley will be by no means relieved of editorial responsibilities, however. It wiU be his job to fill a need long realized by the Exponent, one that no previous editor has had time or opportunity to fill... the planning and execution of far-reaching campaigns which will contribute both to news and editorial columns. Examples to illustrate campaigns of this sort would be the Daily Texan’s year long fight against syphilis, the Daily mini’s campaign against vice, and the Minnesota Daily’s periodical requests for more university money and buildings. Bill Frederick, as managing editor, will do the work done this year by the city editor as well as the traditional assignments which fall to the lot of the managing editor. The best way to explain the new set-up is merely to say that the work of this year’s three senior officers has been massed and redivided^ to fit three entirely new and different positions. We ask the campus not to consider these three men as being first, second, and third in command. We look upon the new organiption as a functional type, rather than a line and staff, with each senior contributing his own particular talents and abilities for the good of the whole. The editor-in-chief, however, will have to be at the head of the whole newspaper, since there must always be someone to assume all credit or blame for each day’s publication. Changes in the business staff set-up were made for two very important reasons. First, under the old plan, some junior business officers have had definite advantages in the race for business manager. Second, the rigidly catalogued assignments followed this year
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the poet office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, lOlT, authoriaed January 20. 1922. Fnblished daily excq>t Monday daring Uie regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered localiy by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-In-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor. L, S. Hardin City Editor— J), A. Bailey Associate Editors 6. W. Pred«icfc, K. C. Houston, R. K Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—Ahlf, R. Beer, B. DeHoog, B. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, B. Howard, C. Lever, B, Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, B. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A. Yates. BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager .M. C. Beeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager ...„...W. F. Berg Sales Manager...- .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H, W. Nevln Accounts Manager. -__..™_W. E. SmiUi Art Director..— , , n, j. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann ScUlling, Betty Wiekard SPORTS STAFF Editor. - B. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, B I. Decki^ EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Ejgponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO BOSTON ' LOS ANSBLIS - SAN FSANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue Universi^. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
have prevented juniors from properly learning essentials of the senior jobs. The new plan will make Business Manager Bill Smith solely responsible for accounts and circulation, while Senior Advertising Manager Ed Antonini will be in complete charge of both local and national advertising. The unclassified junior business managers will have regular routine assignments, but will be given special jobs in all Exponent’s business fields until they have learned the ropes in each. Ed Antonini has been called senior advertising manager because although he is replacing the assistant business manager, he will have more responsibilities and will be doing jobs more on an equal with those of the business manager than would be indicated by the title “assistant.” These brief explanations may clear up the questions which will arise on the campus today. We of the old board will meet with those of the new within a very few days to pass along those last few words of advice and instruction which no resigning staff can resist giving. This editor now hands over the reigns to his successor with mingled regret and thankfulness, reserving only the right for one last farewell word in tomorrow’s Exponent . . ..a farewell which will actually be only an introduction to the new personalities at the helm of Purdue’s morning journal.
GE105 Class Will See Sales Technique Movie Monday “Three Steps to Win” is the name of the talking moving picture that will be shown Monday morning at 8:00 a. m. to the class in G, E. 106 Distribution of Engineering Products. / The meeting place of the class has been changed for this occasion to the lecture room 101, in the Michael Golden Shops. The picture shows the development of sales technique as applied to floor coverings. Professor C. W. Beese, head of the department of general engineering, formerly Industrial Engineer for the Armstrong Cork Company, will be in charge of the meeting.
WBAA
“THK VOICK OP PURDUK”
—Today— 11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Agricultural Forum. 12:16—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—^Market Reports. I;00-—You and Your Health. 1:1&—Monitor Views the News. 1:80—^Your World of Vision.
1:46—Songs and Melodies. 2:00—Magic Carpet. 2:16—Melody Time. 2:30—Lanterns of China—Elizabeth Crump Enders. 3:00—Purdue Woman’s Club. 3:30—Your Town and Mine, Rensselaer, Ind. 4:00—Poetry and Prose. 4:30—^Radio Club. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
imp/em TODAY-SATURDAY
H ER H IT OF HITS!
LUHA TODAY-SATURDAY
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
This Man is Going ONTRIU: For MURDER!
EDWARD NORRIS-MNET CHAPMAN. JAMES STEPHENSON Plus ROY ROGERS — IN — "SHINE ON HARVEST MOON" ZOc to 6 then 10-20-25c
DONALD A Robt. Z. Leonard Production BROAOWAY SBRENADE
with
LEW AYRES IAN HUNTER,^,^ FRANK MORGAN® i
Dr. Herzberg To Give Ledures At Purdue Dr. Gerhard Herzberg, research professor of physics at the University of Saskatchewan, who is making an extensive tour of this country, will deliver two lectures at the physics department of Purdue this week-end. Dr. Herzberg has made fundamental contributions to the understanding of molecular structure and the processes which take place in molecules. His lectures '^vill deal with some of his recent work in this field. This evening at 7:30, in the large lecture room of the Physics Building, he will discuss “Dissociation, Predissociation and Recombination of Molecules.” Tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock, in the same room, he will lecture on “Forbidden Transitions in Molecular Spectra.” Newman Club Will Eled Offkers For Next Year Following the 8 o’clock mass on Sunday, May 14, at St. Mary’s, the Newman Club will hold its final meeting to elect officers for the coming year. Membership cards for this semester must be presented in order to vote. Nominees are: president, Harry Monson, Ken Garty; treasurer, Bud Luers, Bill Delmar; secretary, Marjorie Kuntz, Thelma Goodman; committee chairmen, G. Dewey, J. Sheetz, M. Hoffman, D. Jansing, J. Galvin, M. Meiers, E. Nesius, Kathleen McGullicuddy, Mary Hannon, Helen Wirtenberger, Joan LeBoeuf. Date Extended For Extra SAA Petitions Senate officials announced yesterday that there is still time for sophomores to submit SAA petitions. One petition may be submitted today to fill the vacancy caused by the dropping out of candidate C. L. Van Zant because of scholastic ineligibility. Present candidates for office of junior vice-president are J. D. Fisher, T. C. Noland, W. A. Siljander, and W. F. Taylor. Elections will be held next Tuesday in the main lobby of the Union Building. Agronomy School To Hold Picnic Saturday, May 14 Students, instructors, and research and extension members of the agronomy school will hold their third annual picnic tomorrow at 2:30 p. m. at the Soils and Crops farm grove. Chief interest of the afternoon will be the contest between students and faculty. The winner of the largest number of events will be given
TODAY-SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
, _ dor J
LUCILLE BALL
ALLAN LANE DONALD MacBRIDE
— PLUS — Yipet! He’s a broncobustin’ budutroo out finest where the fun begfnsljt
RKO fTtYM RADIO Picture with RICHARD lANE • LORRAINE KRUEGER PAUL GUILFOYLE • KAY SUTTON Also DONALD DUCK CARTOON
GRIN AND ^AR fT
By Liciity
‘And remember—I don’t want to catch any of you selling magazine subscriptions while you’re taking the census!”
the Sickle, a trophy prized by the competitors as a symbol of superiority. In 1937 the students won the Sickle, but last year the award went to the faculty. Following the games refreshments will be served. Any person interested in agronomy may still purchase tickets from the class representatives. Those desiring transportation will meet in front of Agriculture Hall tomorrow at 2:16 p. m.
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY VICTOR ^6LEN
A NEW U^^E^V^PICTURE — and — iROCWiS!
— also — FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS SERIAL
SATURDAY one day only
MICHAEL WHALEN JEAN ROGERS CHICK CHANDLER
1:00 to 2:00
2:00 P. M. TO CLOSING MAIN FLOOR 40c BALCONY 1 30e CHILDREN. ALL DAY 15c — Stage Shows at — 1:30 - 3:50 - 6:00 - 8:10 - 10:00 LAST COMPLETE SHOW AT 10:00
LAST DAY—MARTHA RAYE - BOB HOPE in "Never Say Die'f jiAs
FMday,Mdyai939
THE PUBDUE
EXPONENT
3 #
Boilermaker Nine Faces Buckeyes At Columbus Today
Tennis Team Travels To Champaign To Face Indiana, Ohio State, lllini Squads
Seeking to continue its winning streak which has extended to three matches, the Purdue tennis team journeys to Illinois today to play Indiana ,Ohio State, and Illinois this afternoon and tomorrow. The squad leaves by car this morning at 8 o’clock. Herb Fuente, Riveter number one man, leads the contingent against the Hoosiers this afternoon in an attempt to avenge a defeat suffered last year in a similar encounter. Ohio State will be the opposition tomorrow morning and the lllini in the afternoon. Fuente, who has shown some fine tennis in the matches thus far, will be followed in the number two spot by George Alexander, junior, who has risen to that spot through consistent play throughout the matches. The remainder of the positions are uncertain, although Jim Hebbeler, Dave Blitz, Charles Mann and Tom Jackson will be in the singles competition. The doubles combinations for the meet will be Alexander and Mann at number one, Hebbeler and Blitz number two, and Fuente and Jackson number three. Following these matches the team
Eight Men To Compete For All Campus Golf Title This Week-End
The scores of the men who qualified for the tournament were Evers 72; Jervis, 76; F. J. Burnside, Leonard Diehl, H. Goldstein ,and J. S. Green, all 78; R. Kolb and Dave King, 79.
will return for a meet with DePauw here Monday, and then leave again Wednesday night for Ann Arbor, Michigan to play the Wolverines Thursday and travel to Kalamazoo to meet Western State Teachers on Friday.
Why Not-
HEET AT WALGREEN’S When You’re in Town
QUALITY. FCX)D FRIENDLY SERVICE
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREER’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
the Purdue Escponent
Service Directory
• Bookstorai
e Professional
"DEAC" Everythlna for ■ Collage Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK-OJUA Schultz ■uUtSna 4h and Main Aieno 9701
a Florists
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
Darner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phono 0050
e Jewelert
ROTH FLORIST > 635 Main Street Phonas 7955—8050
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 AAain St.
• Shoe Repair
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is oN we doi, but w« d> It woN. Opposite Poet OtRoe Wallace Block 322 ferry St.
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tha VARISITY BOOT SHOP
Play Golf
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS
Students, employees of the University, and members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Lillaing and at the Fleldhouse at Special University Prices.
QhDXOL
Thirteen Trackmen To Run InAAUMeet In Memphis Today
By Jim Hebbeler
Qualifying with scores all under 80, eight men will play in the final rounds of the All-Campus golf tournament beginning this weekend. Bud Evers led the qualifiers with a 72, J. R, Jervis following with a 76.
Track Coach Hermon Phillips is thinking seriously of making his mile relay team do double duty this week-end after the way the boys have been showing up in the halfmile relay in recent practice sessions. The mile quartet of Shackleton, Luther, Simmons, and Fisher, with Wadleigh replacing the latter, has given Phillips reason to smile the way they have been turning in the distance. As a matter of fact he is considering entering the new found combination in the Cotton Carnival events at Memphis today. —fc— The secret of Purdue’s baseball success might well be found in the records of the pitchers so far this season. Sophomore Bob Bailey has an earned run average of slightly over two runs per game, with Dick Wargo following closely just a fraction behind. The Boilermaker batters, meanwhile, have been taking somewhat of a holiday, as no regular has an average over .300. —^fc— As a point of interest, two of this year’s tennis team members are residents of West Lafayette, while two others are from Indiana and the remaining duo from points east. Maybe the fame of the east in tennis has a basis, as Herb Fuente, Boilermaker number one man, hails from Haverhill, Mass.
Thirteen strong, a band of Riveter track men arrived in Memphis yesterday to compete in the annual AAU Cotton Carnival today and tomorrow. This will be the final tuneup for Coach Phillips’ proteges before the Big Ten outdoor meet next week at Ann Arbor. Competing against nearly 20 schools, mostly from the South and Southwest, the Boilermakers are looking forward to gaining many points in the running events as well as the shot put. Ohio State and Illinois are other schools from the midwest which are entered in this event. The lllini fell before the Boilermakers last week 65 2-3 to 69 1-3 in a meet in which the relay events, a strong point of the Riveters, were not run.
Golf Team To Meet Butler Here Today
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S
Welcome to . . . ARROW’S OPEN HOUSE
Tear down to your Arrow dealer this noon
if you want to get the pick of this season’s crop of Arrow beauties. Be the first on the campus to wear what everyone else will be wearing six months hence. New patterns, new colors, in Arrow shirts, ties, underwear, handkerchiefs, and sportswear. Huge assortments of crisp fresh Arrow merchandise just waiting to be ensnared... get yours now.
If it hasf^t an Arrow label, it ist^ Arrow.
Diamondmen Fight To Protect Big Ten Lead Over Second Place Wolverines
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
at
GULLION’S
Getting back into the thick of the current Western Conference pennant race, Coach Dutch Fehring’s Boilermaker diamondmen will battle the Ohio State Buckeyes in the first of a two game series this afternoon at Columbus. The Purdue team, which has four victories to its credit in Big Ten competition against one loss, will be fighting to maintain its half game lead over the pack in the conference struggle. ^ Michigan’s Wolverines, who are
BASEBALL
Today
Diamond 1— Phi Pi Phi vs. Kappa Sigma. 2— Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 3— Simga Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Tau. 4— Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta XI. 5— Phi Kappa vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta
Rho.
8— Sigma Nu vs Phi Delta Theta 9— Theta Chi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 10—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda.
TENNIS Class “B” Doubles—^Today—4 :15 p. m. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Phi Delta Theta. Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Chi. Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Phi Epsilon Pi Kappa Phi vs Tau Epsilon Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Chi Class “A” Doubles Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Singles Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Chi Rho All Campus Pruitt vs Croxall. Goerss vs. Waddington. Moses vs Deufman.
Boilermaker golfers will furnish the only home sports ev^nt this week-end when they meet the Butler Bulldogs this afternoon on the links of the West Lafayette country club. The same team which beat the Irish will probably face Butler. They are Hill, Weldy, David, Marshall, and Tulley in the singles and the doubles teams of David and McKenzie, Hoffer and Harshall, and Hill and Tulley.
Classified Mds
MISCBLLANBOtJS
REDUCED summer rates. Shower, single beds, large rooms. Across from Union. 166 N Grant St
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76 Supplies C F. Ebeishoff, 606 Mam St.
ROOMS FOR RENT
WANTED—Double room for next fall Private home, single beds Johnson, 31974
LOST AND POUND
LOST—Diamond ring in Union Building. Has two sets. Large reward. Call 4031. Ask for Andy Burnside.
LOST—Girl’s link bracelet Miami wrist watch in Union Building. Call 76724.
LOST—Gold Bulova watch between Armory and Cary Hall West. Reward Call Arthur Dillon, 8421.
close behind in second place, are facing Indiana’s defending champions in two crucial tilts this weekend. The Buckeyes are tied with Chicago for the cellar position m the current standings, having won only one game in six starts. Bailey To Pitch Bob Bailey, stellar sophomore hurler who has pitched the Boilermakers to three Big Ten victories, is slated to take the mound against the Buckeyes in today’s game. Bud Fisher, sophomore catcher, will serve behind the plate to complete the Boilermaker battery combination. In the infield Coach Fehring will probably rely upon Smithson at first base, Hearne at the keystone sack, and Mackiewicz at the hot comer. Captain Jimmy Thompson, who relinquished his shortstop position to Lyboult in Tuesday’s clash with Butler, is expected to resume his important place in the Boilermaker baseball machine for today’s game. Dickinson, Dean, and Yeager will undoubtedly carry the bulk of the burden in the outfield. Dickinson Leads Hitting Although the Boilermaker diamondmen are leading the red hot fight in the championship race, the batting and fielding records show that Purdue squad has been only fairly potent at the plate and afield. Tommy Dickinson, fleet outfielder, leads the regulars in hitting with a .277 average. Mackiewicz and Lyboult are close behind with .273 and .270 respectively. The entire team is batting at a .239 clip. Smithson, regular first sacker, tops the Boilermakers in fielding records, having erred only twice in 170 fielding chances for an average of .988.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
CRESTED SILVERWARE DECORATED DINNER WARE BUY THEM AT COOKING UTENSILS GILLESPIE'S 221 COLUMBIA ST. PHONE 6405
These Days Count Double!
Take Natures Cue
And make the very MOST of your appearance by keeping all of your clothes CLEANED and WELL-PRESSED--aU of the time!
You’ll FORGE AHEAD, because you’ll FEEL RIGHT. So it is really dout^e economy to pay for regular cleaning.
You will like American’s Work.
Phone 3085
American! Dependable Dry Cleanere
I
J
%AxaL ddA.
THE FUBDOE EXPONENT
TloJticoA,
Friday, May 12,1939
Notices
PIA Chorus: The PIA chorus will hold final rehearsal in Fowler Hall at 4:45 p. m. Friday, May 12. Evewone myst be there for at least fifteeu minutes, —HEWITT.
Radio Club: Picnic and treasure hunt, Tuesday, May 16. Leave EE Building at 5:80 p. m. Free to “hams” and members —25 cents to all others. Those planning to attend phone Adams, 8421, or me at 66102 by Monday evening. —PATTERSON.
All Student Bowlers: Interested in bowling for the University singles championship should sign up at the alleys in the Union Building before Tuesday evening. May 16. All entrants will bowl 3 games and the entrant making the most points will be declared the winner. All games must be rolled on Wednesday or Thursday, May 17 and 18. —MACKEY.
PIA Chorus: Very important meeting Friday, May 12, at 4:30 p. .m._ in Fowler Hall. Last rehearsal and it is required that everyone be there in order to arrange details. —HEWITT.
Tau Beta Pi: Paper weights are available for all actives. See me at the Triangle House. —WITWER.
It'S fhe fashion pioneer of Peggy Sage's new Sentimental Trio — Goldrush, Heartbreak, Nosegay... Golden-toned to make your hands look dipped in sunlight... to blend with your golds, hennas, browns.
SIXTY CENTS
MANICURE POLISH The Polish Thai "lyeors Like Iron"
jQjcobi. LOEB & H E NE COMPANY
Reductions in Rail Fares /tflO/
’'Travel Marks" save about /o
Consult your Travel Agenf and write for.
booklet "C" ^
GERMAN RAILROADS INFORMATION OFFICE
11 WEST srth STREET, NEW YORK, N. Y
Hall Saturday, May 13, at 8 a. m. —KNAPP.
in at the cashier’s office by Wednesday, May 17, at 4 p. m. —BURNS.
Freshmen Engineers: All those enrolled in engineering lectures report in Fowler
Mixed Recreational Swim: There will be mixed recreational swimming in Memorial gymnasium tonight. May 12, from 7 :30 to 9. Men, bring your dates. Ten cents charge per man. No charge for co-eds. —CASE.
Newman Club: Election meeting Sunday, May 14, after 8 o’clock Mass. Membership cards must be presented for voting. —KASSER.
measurements and orders for ORp equipment. This equipment will be delivered to the supply room in approximately two weeks. —FAULCONER,
SAE Members: ivii memiuers planning to go on the SAB picnic May 17 consult SAB bulletin board in auto lab. immediately. —HERE.
Silver Mask: Picnic Friday, May 12. Meet in front of Gym at 6 :00 p. m. —GLASSER.
Newman Club: Election meeting Sunday, May 14, after the 8 o’clock mass. Mem-^ bership cards must be presented for vote ing. —KASSER. Alpha Lambda Delta: All corsage orders must be turned in by Friday, May 12, at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Money may be turned in earlier to Joan Le Boeuf at WHR-N. —LE BOEUF.
Union Sophomores: Will all girls interested in ushering for the University Sing please meet with me in the Union office Friday, May 12, at 4 p. m. —CREPPS.
WAA Archery: All girls in WAA archery must have at least three rounds in by Monday, May 15. There will be practice every evening at four this week. —MOREHOUSE.
Dolphin Clnb: Formal initiation and election of officers will be held Friday, May 12, at 4 p. m. in the men’s gym. —CARR.
Camera Clnb Picnic: All members, or others interested in attending the Camera Club picnic at Turkey Run State Park Saturday, May 20, please contact Hedden before Saturday, May 13. Unless 25 sign up the picnic will be cancelled. —HEDDEN.
Cosmopolitan Club: Important meeting Friday, May 12, at 7:30 p. m. in room C of the Union Building. Election of officers for next year. —AYASUN.
SAE Members: Those members of the recent inspection trip visiting the Perfect Circle Co. should call for their copy of "How to Double the Life of Your Car," now available in Professor Jacklin’s office. —HERR.
Prom Ticket Holders: Those who wish their money refunded must turn ticket stubs
Senior Military: A representative from the Associated Military Stores will be in the supply room all day Tuesday, May 16, with samples, for the purpose of taking
Independent Athletes: Reamer Club trophy will be awarded to the Independent Athletes with the high number of major, minor, and intramural points gained throughout the
6nJoy a Summer Semester of SIGHT-SEEING %torious • GElIAnY It's a year of college knowledge to browse in person through the pageant pages of picturesque Germany! Join the thousands of travel-fond young people who, summertimes, measure out the breadth and depth of Germany's kaleidoscopic countryside ... by bike ... by hike ... by faltboat. Stirring sports reign everywhere. Join in. Whack ouf. body kinks in a lightning set of tennis. Rival par on smooth, forest-bounded links. I Of courtef—dive deep, joyously, into/the tingling mirrored waters of cool secluded lakes. Ik Dusk is the calm zenith of daytime's thrilling career. Stop over, stay at a modest-price'd hotel, or inexpensively at one of the 2,000 conveniently situated Youth Hostels that are wholesome and healthful and spotless-clean. Evenings, sit leisurely with fellow students, enjoy throaty songfests, share friendliness, gaiety, good cheer. This summer, Germany is your seminar in travel, health and good times! A versatile day there costs no more than the average show at home!
60%
A Mother’s Day Message
in Flowers
The perfect tribute — flowers to carry your message of love to Mother on her very own day. You know she'd love a beautiful corsage to wear to church next Sunday. Some lovely cut flowers, and your wearing a carnation in honor of your Mother will be deeply appreciated. May we suggest that you place your order early.
ROTH’S Inc.
Luna Theater Building
PHONE 7955
635 MAIN
year. Anyone interested in being considered for the award should turn in his points in accordance to the rules posted in the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse. (6-20) —MIDDLETON. May Day Style Show Models: The follhwing girls have been selected for the May Pay Style Show: Georgialou Fleager, Agnes McCulloch, Marietta Darnell, Phyllis Stephen, Beth Partenheimer, Thelma Jane Cox, Martha Brown, Ruth Gausman, Vivian
Petersen, Ellen Boyd, Josinah Allen, Mary Yeager, Mary Ruth Thornburg, Barbara Roderich, Melba Davidson, Treva Berry, Mary Harris, Mary Mather, Rniina Sexton, Carmen Ricadeniera, Elizabeth Barmes, Helen Tugaudis, Joan Edson, Martha Ellis, Martha Norman, Ella Lou Sexson. Rehearsals will be Wednesday, May 10, at 4 p. m., Thursday, May 11, at 4 p. m., and fUday, May 12, at 7 p. m. in the Home Economics auditorium. —HEGELK
WINDOW GLASS INSTALLED BY EXPERTS Call or See HIJNECK^S
WALLPAPER 826 Main Street
PABNT
Phone 3841
18 SWANK STYLES- Ready For Summer « •VENTILATEDS
TRULY MARVELOUS VALUES!
-j
Latest Styles And Design
m • White Satin and Gold • White Satin and Silver • Brocade • Genuine Silver Kid • Genuine Gold Kid
At $5.00
All satin sandals tinted to match your gowns free of charge. lOEB&HENE COMPANY Second Floor Shoe Salon