Purdue
iftf
Exponent
'Hfzi
Z-185
' -'f i?fj
FBIDAY
May 5, 1939
Lafayette. Indiana
VoLSO
iro.m
Alumni Return Today For Gala Week Class Of 14 Will Mary Edith Monk Presented P-Men Dine In Eth Bauffh... Open House, Brigade Review
BanquetTonighf With Omicron Nu Medal At Union Tonight
Elaborate Plans Made For Gala Week Grad Banquet starting their twenty-fifth anniversary Gala Week with a “bang,” members of the class of 1914 and their families will dine together to- ^ night renewing old acquaintances and making new. The banquet has been arranged by Prof. E. C. Stair, of the horticulture department, who was secretary-treasurer of the class, i and will be held at 6:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. Some of the 100 members of the class who are expected to attend the banquet are Earl L. Garter, the t president of the class, who has a son in the sophomore class at the present time; Mrs. Edith Demoret, vice-president of the class who has a daughter in the present senior ' class; C. G. Mallott, of San Antonio, Tex.; and class representatives‘Abe Martin, Ag, who has a son in the sophomore class; C. L. Harrell, ME, ^ C. A. Seamans, EE; P. A. Waugh, Pharm.; Mrs. Agnes Phillips Brock, Sci.; Doc Weaver, CE; and J. H. Partland, class yell leader. j Professor Stair will maintain a desk in the west end of the Union lobby during Gala Week at which members of the class may get information, tickets for the banquet for f 76 cents, class colors, and also tickets for the class breakfast Sunday morning in the faculty lounge. Tickets for the breakfast will be priced at 50 cents. ♦ Women's PE Classes , Will Be Open To Public Today And Tomorrow Regular physical education clas- * ses for women will be open to the public this afternoon. At two o’clock swimming, modern dance, teniiis, bowling, and archery; and at four ^ o’clock, swimming classes will be open. Both this afternoon and evening there will be guides to show visitors through the building. * An alumnae conference on problems of teaching physical education has been scheduled for tomorrow morning as part of the Gala Week ( activities of the division of physical education for women. Invitations have been sent to 60 graduates of the women’s physical education division for a meeting in the Memorial
Home Ec Banquet Last Night Mary Edith Monk was named as last year’s most outstanding freshman co-ed and was presented with the Omicron Nu medal at the Virginia C. Meredith and Omicron Nu banquet last night in the Home Economics cafeteria. Miss Monk is a member of Alpha Lambda Delta, PI A, a Union worker, and home economics editor for the Agriculturist,
She is from Graysville.
The Danforth fellowship which is given each year to the most outstanding junior girl was presented to Catherine Cooley. She is president of YWCA, member of Gold Peppers and active in WSGA council work and Charm* School. This fellowship provides for two weeks in St. Louis with girls from 37 other Universities for a survey of different fields of home economics, and two weeks in a leadership camp. Miss Hazel Manning of the clothing and textiles department of the University of Wisconsin spoke on “What the Future Holds for Us,” before 190 co-ed and faculty mem-
bers who attended.
Saturday's Mixer For Seniors Only Unless you are a senior you will not have the pleasure of hearing Bill Martin’s band when it swings out at the mixer tomorrow night. One member of each couple must show his or her senior passport in order to obtain admittance. The usual price of one dollar will be as-
sessed for tickets.
Young Presides As Ade, Ross, Marshall Honored With Elmer Q. Oliphant, ’14, first four letter man in the history of Purdue as chief speaker, and Gene Anderson, ’39, retiring president of the famous P-Men’s club, as toastmaster, the International P-Men’s association will hold their annual banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 tonight. David E. Ross, George Ade, and Prof. William Marshall, retiring head of the mathematics department, chairman of the faculty athletic committee, will be guests of honor at the banquet over which Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school and the president of the International PMen’s Club will preside. President Elliott, Noble Kizer, coaches of the four major sports, Mai Elward, Hermon Phillips, Ward Lambert, and Dutch Fehring, will give short talks. Many of the old timers will be introduced to the banqueters. Only men who have received a major or minor P are eligible to attend the banquet. Tickets may be obtained for 75 cents from any of the sports managers. Senior letter men will receive their P-blankets and certificates of membership in the international organization during the banquet from Professor Young. Immediately following. Red Maxfield and his orchestra will play for the P-Men’s dance sponsored by the P-Men’s Club. Tickets may be obtained from members of the committee, Bartlett’s Drug Store, or Deac’s for one dollar.
Meet The Boys..
Gymnasium at 9 a. m.
Dr, Josephine Murphy, ’32, who was president of the Women’s Ath- ^ letic Association while in school, will speak on the place of the physical examination in physical education. Dr, Murphy is now a practicing physician in South Bend. 1 Miss Helen Hazelton, who is in charge of the conference, will pre-
George Ade, on the left, and David Ross will be guests of honor at tonight’s “P” Men’s banquet. Ade will also be one of the guests of honor with John T. McCutcheon and Prof. William Marshall at tomorrow night’s Founder’s Day banquet.
sent some problems with the aid of other members of the University staff in an informal discussion afterwards.
, Cameraman To Photograph Review Today; Pictures To Appear In 'Life' In Few Weeks
By R. B. Kingsbury Pictures of Purdue’s ROTC will appear in Life within the next few weeks, according to Fritz Henle, a photographer for Life who has been 1 on the campus since Wednesday snapping military classes, and will remain today for the Gala Week inspection. The genial camera man has been ^ in the business for eight years, the last two with Life, during which time he has been all over the world. Discussing his travels in various ^ countries, Henle stateji that he liked America the best of any he had seen, “It’s the country to live in right now,” he said. Henle was born and educated in Germany. ^ Three cameras, one with flashlight attachment for inside work, and two for outdoor shots make up his equipment. Films are forwarded
to the central New York offices to be developed, and accompansring data for the pictures is written by Henle himself. Assignments may cover anything and everything from photographing movie queens to pig farms, according to Fritz. Last year his work took him to Paris to photograph the English royal couple. Concerning our military department which he is here to cover, Henle stated that he considered it one of the best in the country, and commended it upon the excellent cooperation which he received in getting 'pictures. “It makes a marvelous impression on me,” he said. Henle got his start as a commercial photogi’apher working for shipping companies making pictures for travel folders and other similar work.
... general secretary of the Alumni Association, who has charge of the Gala Week celebrations and banquets.
SAA Junior Petition Blanks Now Available At Union Senate Office
Martha Moorhead Installed As President Of YWCA; Cabinet Members Inducted New officers and cabinet members of YWCA were installed Tuesday afternoon at 6 o’clock in the YWCA office. IA dinner in the Union cafeI teria followed the installation. Betty Klein, president, was the official in charge of the installation which was attended by Miss Coolidge, as YWCA faculty advisor. New officers installed were: president, Catherine Cooley; vice-presi-dent, Martha Moorhead; secretary, Ruth Bryant; treasurer, Thelma Bugher. New cabinet members installed were: Jane Blind, Bernadette Dygert, Thelma Emig, Jane Julin, Mary Lou Sweeney, Mary Ellen Scarff, Bonnie Swope, Wilma Wierenga, Betty Woeffle, and Martha Zeigler. Ruth Wattleworth, Edna . Scwab, and Sara Alice McIntosh retained positions which they filled on the cabinet this year.
Petition blanks for Junior Officers in the Student Athletic Association will be available in the Student Senate office in the Union from 4:00 to 5:00 today, Monday, and Tuesday. Only sophomores having a 3.5 in- . dex for all previous semesters in the University are eligible. By 5:00 Tuesday, May 9, all petitions, properly signed, must be turned in at the Senate Office. Petitions, which must bear 100 signatures, may be signed by any student in the University. The entire school will vote on the candidates at the elections Tuesday, May 15. The two sophomores who are elected will serve as Junior Officers of SAA next year. Yesterday the following five men took out petition's: T. C. Noland, J. D. Fisher, W. A. Siljander, W. F. Taylor, and C. T. Van Zant. Students Here For Vocational Exhibit This morning at 8 o’clock about 400 high school students from all over the state will register in Michael Golden Shops for the annual Vocational and Industrial Arts Round-Up. Exhibits of wood work, metal work, printing and drawing which have already been set up in the Shops will be judged. A demonstration in each one of the shops will occupy the visitors while their work is being graded. Later they will attend the regular scheduled features of the University’s annual Open House. In the afternoon, the visiting students will be guests of honor at the special Gala W,eek review of the University’s ROTC unit. Dr. Gerard Addresses WSGA Marital Group “Marriage From a Man’s Point of View” was the title of the last WSGA marital lecture for senior women by Dr. Ralph Gerard last night in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. Gerard is an associate pWfessor of Physiology in the University of Chicago Medical School. His wife is a child psychiatrist and was formerly employed with the Student Health Service at the University of Chicago. A discussion of elementary psychology was followed by an explanation of drives and urges from the biological standpoint. Then he related the sociological aspects and supplied much practical advice in answer to questions from the audi-
ence.
Highlight Three-Day Activities Alumni, Visitors To See University At Day's Work; Military Review, Ball Game, Special Features Will Mark First Day Of Annual Gala Week Festivities Opening at 10 o’clock this morning with registration in the Union Building, Gala Week will get under way for three days packed writh activity. Only this morning is the program lesft open for returning alumni to tour our campus and renew old — — ■' — acquaintances.
During the afternoon from 1:30 to 4, a general open house will i>revail over the whole campus. Vkdting alumni may inspect residence halls. Airport, and power plant; may see' the locomotive museum, testing machinery that crushes concrete blocks, liquid air production, medicine manufactured, cream and mUk turned into butter and ice cream, and every other function of the University as doors are thrown
open to the visitors.
Military Review
At 3:45 p. m., 2,400 military students will form on Russell Field for a Gala Week inspection at 4 p. m. Two entire brigades will pass in review, with David E. Ross and Edward C. Elliott in the inspecting group. In the event of rain, an alternative schedule has been planned. The first brigade only will have a normal corps day formation in the Armory, followed by mass calisthenics and an indoor review.
30 Teams Compete In Semi-Finals Of Bridge Tournament Of a starting field of 48 teams, 30 teams competed in the semi-fin-als of the All-Campus Bridge Tourney last night. Fifteen will qualify for championship play next week. The 15 teams will be divided into two groups, one an eleven team championship field, the other a 19team contending field. Those in the former group have been above the half-way mark in both qualifying rounds; while those in the latter have been above half-way mark
once, and below once.
In the championship field in last night’s session the top five will have been three times above the half-way mark in three trials. They will compete against the top ten teams of
the contending field.
Good Seats Still Left For 'Journey's End' Approximately 2,000 good seats are remaining for “Journey’s End,” Playshop production scheduled for May 9 to 13. Tickets for the special Mother’s Day performance Saturday night. May 13, are nearly all
sold out.
Good main floor seats are plentiful for Tuesday and Wednesday nights, May 9 and 10. General admission tickets are still available at 75 cents. Playshop office is open from 3 to 5 p. m. daily and will be open from l':30 to 4:30 on Saturday afternoon.
The public attending the review is requested to enjer the intramural field by the Stadium street entrance. Those who have passes enter by the Fourth street gate.
Materiel for three batteries and battalion staffs is to be spotted on the reviewing field by the enlisted detachment at the University, rsasenail In addition, 4 o’clock will see the baseball team engage Indians on the diamond back of the FieMhouse, while the tennis squad meets Ball State on the University courts. The Women’s Athletic Association will demonstrate archery, baseball, and tennis on their respective courts, and the modern dance group will perform in Memorial Gymnasium. Dinners as arranged by secretaries of the reunion classes will be served at 6 p. m., and at 6:30 p. m. (Continued on page 3)
Survey Shows Students Favor Referendum Before Country Enters Foreign Conflicts
Austin, Tex., May 4.—Many a college student of fighting age has been pondering on the President’s Warm Springs statement, “I’ll be back in the fall—^if we don’t have a war.” And well might these American young men apply the statement to themselves. Will they be back in college next fall—or will they be behind one of Uncle Sam’s new guns? A startling series of events have focused in the public mind the one important question, “Is there going to be a war, and if there is, how can we stay out of it?” College and university students, 64.3 per cent of them, join with the majority of the people of this country in favoring a national referendum before the United States drafts men to fight away from our shores. This is pointed out in the latest of the coast-to-coast studies of the Student Opinion Surveys of America, the national weekly poll of student opinion of which the Exponent is a member. Strong Opposition However, opposition to the, proposal is quite widespread, for 46.7 per cent declared against the question asked, “Should the constitution be changed to require a national referendum vote before the coimtiy be allowed to draft men to fight ovei*seas?” In the southern states a
bare majority, 60.9, gave approval while the West Central group was the most in favor, 61.2. A large portion of college students, then, appear to agree with the administration, which has taken a strong negative stand on war referenda. As shown by other opinion polls, the voters of the nation—61 per cent—^like the idea even better than the Ludlow resolution which would require a vote before Congress could declare war, for which they have been polled at 68 per cent in favor. Men Oppose Act The student survey points to this fact: college men are as a whole against a referendum by a small majority; women are for it by a large»majority. The attitude of many collegians was neatly phrased by a Wayne U, student who said to the interviewer there, “If we have to fight in the defense of our cotmtry there will be no need for a referendum; if it is proposed that we join a foreign conflict, absolutely!” The sentiment • against drafting men for battlefields abroad evident over the coimtry is closely paralleled in this survey, which clearly exposes the state of mind of many of the young people who may have to interrupt th^ education shoffid an international conflict arise.;
• 2
£dibfuaL
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, ^017, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $8 00 per year, mail subscription $8 60. Editor-In-Chief Business Manager PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Mitor — — D. A. Bailey Associate Editors _6 W Frederick, K C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A Kroeplin D. 6 Terrio, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Assistants—R Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R Donahue, P. Ganzar, D Heiple, R. Howard, C. Lever, R llfeBsey, J McKee, C McEeighan, M Miers, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K Thompson, J. Willsey, A. Yates. BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager _ Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager Sales Manager National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director _
M. C. Reeves E. M. Antonini W. F. Berg V Daugherty _H W. Nevln W E Smith D. J Henninger
Editor ..
Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF
Editor _ - Sally McKee Associate Editors _ - Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
R. L. McDonald
J A Hebbeler,
R Jenkins, R T Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6088
SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind.
Phone 2792
REPNESENTED POR NATIONAL ADVBRTIBINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representatsve 420 Madison AVE New York N Y Chicaeo Bostor Los Amsslis - San Faancisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accreditedj are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editop-in-chief.
Night Editor—Beer Issue Editor—Elvis Friday, May 5, 1939
flowing by 700 couples last year. The plan to borrow a floor and install it has the advantage of bringing everyone into viewing distance of the band, and of permitting out-of-door dancing. The second plan, while not placing quite such a high investment so near the possible ravages of the elements, will necessitate amplifying systems out of view of the band. In either case, an additional band will be playing in the Union cafeteria giving dancers easy access to the sweet shop and gnll. Contracts have not yet been returned for this second Prom band, but according to the Committee the cafeteria music will be expressly for jitterbugs. The main purpose of this editorial is to place any and all methods of relieving congestion at this year’s Junior Prom before the student body. Any comment derogatory or otherwise and all suggestions will be appreciated.— G. W. F., R. E. I.
Thaeles...
. . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: President, Dons Markham; vicepresident, Estelle Cohen; secretary, Annesther Singer; corresponding secretary, Jeanne Horwitz; treasurer, Telsa Pearlman; pledge captain, Regina Baker; rush chairman, Jeanne Weil; social chairman, Leona Mermelstein
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN IN THE LAST BEGINNER'S CLASS OF THE SEASON TODAY MAKE-UP LESSON 6:45 P. M. P. M. ALLEN, Instructor Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150 AUjEN’S 6th & Ferry
Mothers Will See Gymkhana May 14 Purdue Gymkhana, the only student sponsored horse show in the country, will highlight the Mother’s Day program Sunday, May 14 The piogram which will begin at 3 30 p m on Intramural Field, will open with a parade of all the participants, followed by mounted drill Two open classes, added to the program for the first time this year, are expected to attract entries from all over the state These classes, one for three-gaited horses and the othei for five-gaited horses, will he judged 50 per cent for performance, 25 per cent for horsemanship, and 26 per cent for conformation.
LU^ TODAY-SATURDAY
2 FIRST RON FEATURES
1 with ALLAN BAXTER — Plus —
20c to 6 then 10-20-25c
TODAY Thru SATURDAY JACK HOLT
ILONDIE lEETS IRE BOSS
Penny Singleton as Btondh Arthur Lake . at Dagwoadi Lorry Simrns OI Baby Dumpling Ennis and His
— Extra ■ OUR GANG COMEDY ALL COLOR CARTOON
kHAIll
TODAY-TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE rror campil. Amazingl DraI maticl SENSAtlONALI
Mm
ANNE SHI^ RonrOwM iasMs HcCsHioa Man Baxlir —plus— Impassioned Romance Torn t^rom the Heart of Dixie! "jEZEBEL" with BETTE DAVIS HENRY FONDA—GEORGE BRENT
This time the co-eds turn the tables op the eds and set up the dates. It was two co-eds from Kent State University who made the ears of Kent State University men turn red with instructions on how to make friends and influence coeds. In a lesson on date behavior the boys were told they must improve their courtly conduct. “Drug-store cowboys,” practical j'okers and the “Hey-Hey” boys have their own private spot on the co-eds blacklist, the girls say. These are some of the prime qualifications for a good date: 1. Have a good sense of humor. K you haven’t got one, start developing it. 2. Use your imagination. 8. Be able to take a good heckling, and you’ll get along all right even if you’lre short, blond, and ugly. 4. It takes brains to be a good diplomat and takes a good diplomat to get along with a woman. 5. We consider the male flirt as bad news No girl wants to kiss a boy goodnight just because she’s spent two or three hours on a date with him. 6. Never put your arm around a girl in a movie. 7. Don’t throw away two dollars in a slot machine then throw a 10cent hamburger at your girl friend. 8. Remarks about girls who are passing by certainly aren’t appreciated Don’t make them, because you are being rude. —C— Perhaps our cagey co-ed should journey to Princeton to see the styles set by eds at that umversity. According to Dr. Dodd, president of the umversity, the youths wear anjrthing. The old fad for dirty white shoes is passing—^“or already passed. I haven’t kept tab.” Luma House... .. . member of the Student Cooperative Association, announces election of the following new officers; Robert Waugh, president; Robert Ely, vice-president; Raymond Hine, house manager; Harold Gutterman, treasurer; Leo Lubbehusen, purchasing agent; and Paul Carrington, secretary.
Over-Crowded.. . . . last year with 700 couples thronging the ballrDom and cafeteria, the Junior Prom this year promises to be even more complicated. Over 800 couples will be present at this year’s dance if all the tickets issued by the Prom Committee are used. There seems to be no reason for such a condition existing, however, if the Prom Committee, students, and Mother Nature will cooperate in using the opportunities placed at their disposal. Construction on the new ballroom addition will be at such a stage by May 19, that additional expansion of Prom space will be permitted into the unfinished section. A. E. Kemmer, contractor in charge of the addition, estimates that by Prom time the new ballroom space will be cleared and the brick will will be under construction. The large window now at the north end of the present ballroom is already being removed. This, explained Kemmer, means that there will be a brick scaffolding extending five feet into the ballroom on each side. If it is desirable, this scaffolding could be removed at low cost, but in the eyes of the contractor, this would be an unnecessary expense. As it now stands, all that is necessary before dancers may make use of this additional space would be a floor. Recently, Noble Kizer, director of athletics at the University, stated in answer to a query as to the possible use of the basketball floor for the dance, “I will 1^ glad to cooperate in any way I can.” However, Kizer specified that if used, the floor would have to be mounted properly and securely. Then, too, the offer would include resurfacing of the floor, after it is used, by the Prom Committee. This would amount to an extra expense besides the cost of mounting the floor in the construction space. In case of rain, the only protection that could be offered the floor would be the height of the brick work, and a canvas which might be stretched over the scaffolding of the new addition. However, if a storm did arise, and in such proportions that dancing on the inlaid floor would be out of the question, a tarpaulin stretched over the floor would adequately protect it from the elements. Another plan now being considered by the Prom Committee would eliminate any attempt to procure a floor for the space available. According to this second plan, the organization booths and concessions which are normally located in the Union lobby, men’s lounge, and faculty lounge will be moved out onto the concrete floor of the ballroom addition, under the stars. Dancing, then, would take place on the whole mam floor of the Union. Here, too, a canvas would be needed to protect the furniture, and in case of a bad storm, the booths would have to be moved. No matter which plan is used—if either— the Prom Committee plans to issue no more tickets. Any moves that might be made in either of the two directions suggested, or a third, will be expressly to eliminate the overcrowded conditions that will exist this year if the 800 couples who have tickets try to squeeze into the space that was filled to over-
4^
. i i Copr 1M9 by Pnitta F«ati;r«B^aicat« Inc '
For some reason our married salesmen seem to be more cautious about pestering housewives than our single men!”
— 5 DAYS— Starting Tomorrow jjiSuMewOeatt..
De HAVILLAND .ANN k Bruce Cabot • Prank ^McHugh * Alan Hale LAST DAY
KAY FRANCIS WILLIAM GARGAN — IN-— 'Women in the Wind'
Purdue Women's Club Sees'Henry The Fourth' The drama section of the Purdue Women’s Club held its monthly meeting last night at 7 45 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. “Henry the Fourth,” a modern play by Nobel Prize winner Luigi Pirandel-
lo, was presented by a cast of faculty members, including F. O. Hall, Ken Carmichael, Mrs, P. E. Lull, Howard Baldwin, William Braswell, Jack Miller, Carl Brown, Jay Wiley, and H H. Wikel Preceding the presentation, Professor Robert Finney gave a short talk on the life and works of the playwright.
POPCORN Gal. 15c Sacks 5c and 10c Cigarettes — Tobacco — Cigars Soft Drinks — Candy Gala Week Visitors Will Find DAD’S PLACE- So Handy
For Spring Campus Wear
Never before has there been such a demand for this type of outfit. Every combination of Sport Coat and Slacks you could possibly want and you'll want one for sure this year Slacks of every color and type, well tailored and smartly styled
Sport Coats $5.00.$10.00
Slacks $3.95-$7.50
DEWENTER'S 416 Main Phone 3801
> ®^ Pfidoy^Moy 5,1939
heter
a In Crucial Till Today
Tennis Team Wins Over Boilermaker6olf
Butler; Ball State Today
Team Faces Detroit
Showing balanced strength throughout the squad, Purdue’s tennis team resumed its winning ways last night on the home courts with a 9-0 victory over Butler. The Gold and Black racquet men
Contingent Today
took last night’s match in stride as they prepared for matches today and tomorrow with Ball State and Armour Tech respectively. Herb Fuente started off the day’s activities in fine style for Purdue by winning the number one singles encounter 6-2, 6-4, and the rest of the team caught the spirit as only one match, the number two doubles was sent into three sets. More Victories George Alexander garnered his singles match 6-1, 6-3 over Dietz, Charles Mann followed with a 6-2, 7-6 triumph oyer Wildman and Jim Hebbeler won over Howenstein 6-3, 6-2. Dave Blitz continued the singles rout with a 6-2, 6-2 victory over Bird, and Jackson ended those hos-
tilities 6-1, 6-3 over Behr. The doubles matches started off in a similar manner as Alexander and Mann won over Mundt and Dietz 6-3, 6-4. Blitz and Hebbeler lost the only set of the day in the number two doubles, but won their tilt 6-3, 4-6, 6-0. Jackson and Fuente copped their number three doubles over Behr and Bird 7-5, 6-2.
Facing two of the country’s best collegiate combinations, the Riveter golf squad will encounter formidable opposition over the week-end in the company of Detroit and Notre Dame. The Boilermakers will meet a four man team from Detroit here today and then pit their strength against a six man Irish team of South Bend tomorrow.
' Won
Boston 8 St. Louis 6 Cincinnati ................ 6 Brooklyn 6 Chicago 6 Philadelphia 6 New York 6 Pittsburgh 4 Yesterday’s Results
New York, 6; St. Louis, 3.
Brooklyn, 6; Chicago, 2.
Pittsburgh, 6; Philadelphia, 4, Cincinnati at Boston (rain).
Lost
4 6 5 5 7 7 7 8
Pet. .667 .645 .645 .646 .462 .462 .462 .333
Silver llask
... at a meeting in the Union Building Wednesday night, elected the following officers for the first semester of next school year: president, Maurice Neptune; vice-presi-dent, Don Marden; secretary-treas-urer, Pox.
Featured m today’s match will be Detroit’s Bob Babbish, defending Western Amateur Champion, who faces John David, Riveter captain, in what promises to be a match of championship caliber. David, the present Indiana state junior champion, has gone undefeated so far this year and will be out to keep that record. Babbish has a minus one handicap in the Detroit district.
Notre Dame has a notably stronger team as far as balance is concerned.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost New York 8 3 Boston 7 3 Chicago 8 5 Washington 7 6 Detroit 6 8 St. Louis 6 7 Cleveland 4 8 Philadelphia 3 9 Yesterday’s Results New York, 10; Cleveland, 6. Chicago, 4; Washington, 3. Boston, 7; Detroit, 6. St. Louis, 9; Philedelphia, 3.
Pet. .727 .700 .616 .683 .429 .417 .333 .260
WINDOW GLASS
INSTALLED BY EXPERTS
Call or See
HUNECK’S WALLPAPER ■ PAINT
826 Main Street
Phone 3841
\
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
IhtST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Buy Your ARROW Shirts and Ties at
DEWENTER’S
How to pick up a good-looker!
Whether or not yoa are having glamour trouble, Arrow Shirts have a way of stepping up your appearance. They not only make you look better — but feel better. They have the Mitoga tailored fit, smart new patterns, and the best-looking- collars that ever graced a neck. Sanforized Shrunk.
Pick up a few of these good lookers today, at your nearest Arrow shop.
^2 to S3.50
ARROW SHIRTS
7
You’ll always find the latest ARROW styles
GULLION’S
THEY’RE REALLY AIRED mW
►A good way to keep your feet cool would be to park ’em in front of a fan every day. But a more sensible w&y to do it is to get some Fortune COOLATORSI COOLATORS are light. In color and in weight. They’re smartly designed for style plus comfort. Every COOLATOR has 800 perforations to bring yoinr feet the *'air conditioning” they need. Drop in and get^^r COOLATORS today. You’ll never spend a hetter four dollars.
Bailey To Pitch Opener Against Cream And Crimson In Battle For Big Ten Lead
Invading Lafayette with its Cream and Crimson tide of heavy hitting ball players, the Hoosier forces will oppose the loopNleading Boilermakers in the first of a two-game series this after^ hoon at 4 o’clock at Ross-Ade field. The starting time of tomorrow’s encounter will be 10 o’clock.
Gala Week
Sports Card
Friday Baseball—Indiana (4 p. m.) Tennis—Ball State (4 p. m.) Golf-—Detroit. Saturday Baseball—Indiana (10 a. m.) Track—^Illinois (10 a. m.) / Tennis—^Armour Tech (2 p. m.) Football—Intrasquad game, 3 p.m. Golf—^Notre Dame (at S. Bend).
Gala Week —
(Continued from page 1)
the “P” Men will hear Elmer Oliphant ’14, at their annual banquet. From 7 to 10:30 p. m. chemistry, engineering, pharmacy, physics, and power plant labs and shops will be in operation for “Open House” visitors. Zouave Squad Also at 7 p. m. thd^'Zouave squad will drill in the Armory, the athletic carnival will be in progress in the Fieldhouse, and mixed recreation will be provided in the Memorial Gym. “P” Men’s club annual Gala Week dance with Red Maxfield and his University of Illinois orchestra furnishing the downbeat will hold sway in the Union ballroom at 9 p. m. Topping off the activity of the day, class parties will be held in the Union, hotels, and Elks Club, with a mixed party at the Lafayette Country Club.
Should the Hoosiers take both games of the series they would take over first place in the conference standings, shoving the Riveters well down in the standings. But if the Boilermakers pull down one or even both of the games, they will remain at the top of the heap, barring a clean sweep by the Ulini of their double-header with Michigan. Because of these direct connections with the outcome of the Big Ten pennant chase, this crucial series^^is watched with interest aU over the circuit. Slugging Hodsiers According to the release of the latest- averages, the Hoosier clan of sluggers is studded with two batters who are hitting above ,400. If that were not enough to give opposi-/ tion an inferiority complex, seven of the nine regulars are batting over .300. This terrific hitting has won three out of four conference games for the ever-dangerous Hoosier men. The margin of defeat in their only loss was by one tally, 4-3. In the other game of that doubleheader with Chicago, the Hoosiers pounded out a 13-5 victory. Wednesday’s scrimmage of Coach Fehring’s crew against the frosh proved that Arnold Bredewater’s much talked of arm is gradually rounding into shape. Pitching three innings against Pop Doan’s charges, Bredewater relinquished no runs, only two hits, and gave evidence of his former control. The other varsity pitchers also breezed along in nice style. Although they gave up seven hits among them, while the varsity was piling up 22 runs, the impressive lead didn’t necessitate their bearing down.
FROM
YOU CAN RENT SERVICE WARE FOR DINNERS OR PARTIES
221 COLUMBIA ST.
Gl LLESPI E'S
PHONE 6405
SCOBEE'S - REMBRANDT - STUDIO
The ideal time to take pictures. While renewing old friendships and making new acquaintances.
Port-raits - Film Service Supplies 105 Vine St.
Cameras
W. Lafayette, Ind.
Do You Feel Like a Million?
That Spring Pep
isn’t complete without clean-fresh garments— warmer weather and soiled clothes don't MIX!
Send Us
your Spring Clothes to be cleanedCaU for Pick-Up Now!
B & W SHOE CO.
Phone 3085
American! Dep^n^ble Dry Cleanent
121 No. Fourth St
■sJjS
M.dCacoL (Ml.
THE PUBDXIE EXPONENT
O^nl’iroA.
Prof. Petty Receives Loan Fund Donation An additional $100 contribution to the student loan fund has just been received by Prof B H. Petty, school of civil engineeiing This brings the total fund, including accumulated inteiest, to slightly over $1,000 This fund was established in 1931 by the Highway Materials and Equipment Association of Indiana for the use of needy civil engineering students.
WBAA
•THE VOICE OF PURDUE"
11 00—Prof Robert Phillips, American Institutions 11 50—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Agricultural Forum 12 15—Sports Review, Dick Shively 12 80—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Market Reports 1 00—^You and Your Health 1 15—Monitor Views the News 1 30—^Your World of Vision 1 45—Alumni Interviews, Union Lobby. 2 00—Magic Carpet. 2 15—Charles Powell pianist 2 30—Lanterns of China, Elizabeth Crump Enders 2 46—^Melody Time 3 00—West Lafayette High School Program 3 30—^Your Town and Mine Attica Ind 8:46—Alumni Interviews, Union Iiobby 4 00—Baseball Game
ClassiUed Mds
HISCELLANEOtJS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and Iiortable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76 Supplies O F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning Phone 4802 Taylor
LOST—Jeweled ATO pm, number 32736,
DANCE Friday Night, May 5 ALLEN’S Chuck Coe's Orchestra Sponsored by Union Veterans and Auxiliary
AFTER THE DANCE
JERRY’S AT RUDY’S
in Fowler Hotel, Saturday night. Call Murdock 8085 Reward
LOST—Black and silver Parker pen between Recitation and Union buildings, 2 o’clock Thursday Liberal reward offered. Please notify Jim Campbell, 461% North Vine or call 4-6482
Mortar Board Members: Anyone having any towle silver cards please call me as I want to mail them Saturday, May 6. —WOOD
Hall East Friday, May 6.
-YATES.
LOST—Man’s Elgin wrist watch on Sheets street. Reward Phone Conn 36774
Sophomore Senators: Report at scheduled times on Monday, May 8, for interviews 4 10, Layaon, 4 20, McCammon; 4 30, Ogden, 4 40, Stewart, 4 ‘60, Van Horn, 6, Wise, 5 10, Zwierlien , 5 20, Dilts —JACOBI
Co-ed Swimming Meet: Practice Friday at 4pm, Saturday at 11 a m ; Tuesday at 4pm Two practices required —SPEARS,
Cosmopolitan Club: All those wishing to go on. the picnic Saturday, May 6, at 2 p. m, call C M. Murray, 2174, by Friday noon, May 6 Cost will be tWenty-flve cents per person —AYASUN.
Notices
WSGA Sophomore and Juniors: Those who have not been interviewed for counselors report for interview at 4 o’clock Friday, May 6, in the WSGA office —BARMES
Purdue Motorcycle Club All riders meet at Budge’s Cycle Shop Sunday, May 7, at 1pm for cross-country run All cyclists invited —KUHN
Freshman Engineers* All those enrolled in GE 2 report Saturday morning. May 6, at 8 a m to Eliza Fowler Hall Selection of schools for next fall will be made —KNAPP.
Reamer: Guides for registering alumni west in Great Hall of Union for 9-12 duty: Reiley, Hinshaw, Wright, D Smith, W McConnell, any others who have time (6-6) —MABY. Sons and Daughters of the Class of 1914: Please call at the booth in the west end of the Union lobby some time in the afternoon Friday, May 6 —ARTER
Pi Tan Sigmh: Seniors may obtain plaques and magazines from Ruse at Acacia house. —HARVEY.
Friday# May 5# 1938 0
Life Saving: Classes will be delayed one week because of pool repairs. The first class will be Monday, May 8, since the pool is not available on the regular day, Tuesday, May 9. (6-8) —^RISSER. Sons and Daughters of 1914 Grads: Please see Professor Stair at the 1914 taUe in the west hall of the Union building Friday, May 6, between 1 and 4 p, m. —STAIR.
Activities Bureau Movie Staff Will the following people please report to the Old Chestnut Room at 4 p m May 8 Charles Milner Jack Wunderly, Ed Moss, Ernest DeWitt, Bill Hedden Lawrence Hess, Kay Verner, and Miriam Gustafson —LUTZ, GIPE.
Pi Tan Sigma: Members please be present at 6 00 p m Friday, May 6, at the ME laboratory for Open House Wear engineers caps —HARYEY.
Scrivener Members: Elections to be held before pledging ceremony Sunday, May 7, at b 30 p m in room 2 of the Union —JUSTIN
WAA Tennis: First round class and intramural tournaments should be played off by Friday, May 6. —MATHER
Scabbard and Blade and POMM* Members who volunteered for salute firing report at 1 15 Saturday, May 6, at the Armory in formal uniform —HANNAS
Mixed Swim • Mixed swim in Women’s Gym 7 30 to 9 00 Friday, May 5 Men. invited to bring dates 10c charge for men, none for women Will be included as part of Gala Week program —CASE
Student-Faculty Tennis Tournament: Matches should be played off as soon as possible —MATHER
PE 6 • Classes will resume Monday, May 8 —BRINDUSE
"P” Men • All "P ’ men selling tickets to the ‘ P’’ men’s dance turn tickets and money in at the desk m the Union any time on Friday, May 5 —LIMING.
All Football Managers: Report to Fieldhouse at 2 p m Saturday May 6 —BUTTERFIELD
Alpha Phi Omega: All members and pledges please complete and turn in all housing survey forms to the office of Cary
English I, Spelling Class and Exam: A spelling .class will meet Monday through Friday, May 1-6, at 6 o’clock, in room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class First semester students, with C’s for spelling, whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday afternoon. May 8, at 6 o’clock —WYKOFF.
oivepd am
[amoai'
Enhance her beauty by presenting her with just the right kind of a corsage. There are flowers for every type — sophisticate, demure or junaesque.
QLsuJl Qo.
Phone 5432
527 Main
INSIST on Chamberlin’s Ice Cream, Indiana’s finest Phone 3028
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Black net and lace dinner dress, also serge wool suit full length coat. Excellent condition Size 18 Call 3930
ROOMS FOR RENT
SUMMER ROOMS — Comfortable, well ventilated Close to campus 226 W Lutz Phone 76472
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Small square black pledge pin Engraved with gold compass points Phone 31794
QkojfL Qhthsidu Sfthinq..
Double your Spring wardrobe by the wiseuse of good cleaning.* Well make your garments do twice the service, look better and last longer. Get the habit for appearance^s sake. Look well, dress well — its easy with our help.
ESPECIALLY FOR YOU A pair of Freeman Whites fitted by our experts will feel and look as if they were made-to-measure for you. And notice the low price on these fine shoes, with their rich leather and care* ful cobbling. It’s like writing your own ticket! $500 A. B. C. Shoe Co. 406 Main Street the Purdue Exponent
Northwestern at Vine
Phone 4081
/
Gala Week Visitors: The schedule for this week-end is very crowded. You’ll want to get quickly from one place to another. For speedy, safe and economical transportation, take a street-car.
Why Walk when You Can Ride—^Fare 5c with FREE Transfer
LAFAYEHE STREET RAILWAY INC.
Service Directory
• Booksforet
• Jawelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. KEiSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This la we dot, but we «b R well. Opposite Poet Otfiea Wallacs Blodk 322 Ferry St.
• Professionil
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RI«K^,DJ HAROLD J. RISK—D.DJ. LUTHER A. RISK—DDJ Schultz iuMdirM! 4h and Main Phona 5701
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St,
DR. A. M. IRION DENTIST 11914 Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
R. C. EISENBACH jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
Blue Prints BLACK AND WHITE PRINTS Direct Process West Side Blue Print Shop 125 West Stadium Ave.
• Play Golf
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS Students, employees of the University, and members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Building and at the Fieldhouse at Special University Prices.
• Printing
SS5 I^RINTING ■HP* Office Stationery . „ Q 1 tTeddlns Invitellons K Sales Books, Etc.... MU CASSEL’S 408EERRy
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7ffi Phone SOSO
• Shoe Repair
ROTH FLORIST 635 AAaIn Street Phones 7955—8050
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair ^op in the VARISITY BOOT SHOP
• Locksmith
KEYS AND LOCKS Keyi for trunks, door locks, disk lodks, night httmos and pacNeoks. Auto keys a spedalty* Wc^as, ac--essorles and rspairmg. MULHAUFT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Ftiana 2fU