rC '
'J \
< 1 >‘j <* -'J ,
'ponent jm ' £)a//y Sfnc^t /
Volume 52, No. 58
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, November 15, 1940
* 'Afraid Of No Team' y ' Mike Byelene Tells / Pep Session Crowd ^ Making up for its smallness in t size by its great spirit, a group of 400 loyal Purdue students sent the football team o|f to the Minnesota ^ game last night at 6:49 p. m. with a fighting will to win. Headed by the band, the students marched down to the station and assembled there. Yell leaders, John ^ Zuch, Pete Schwab and Penny Stout sobn had the crowd cheering for the team and victory. I Doc Anderson Talks Doc Anderson was the first speaker at the session. He said what most ^ of the following speakers also said. “We believe we can beat Minnesota and if we think it and believe it, we can do it!” ^ Jim Miller agreed with Doc’s statement. He said, “We have lost some tough games but this week f we are going up and beat the toughest team in the Big Ten.” ' “We aren’t afraid of anyone,” ^ said Mike Byelene. “The score will be 0-0 until 2 o’clock Saturday afternoon, and then, look out, Minne- ^ sota!” Red Carter, Bill Cohen and Red Mackay eehoed and re-echoed the team’s vow— ^ “We are going up to Minnesota on buisness only!” “We are going up there to kick h, hell out of Minnesota!” r “It’s going to be pretty warm up in Minnesota, in spite of the weather!” Joe Dolan, Exponent sports editor, added the finishing touch. “Minnesota has been scaring other teams all this fall,” Joe said, “but they can’t scare Purdue!” As the train started to pull out of vJ the station, the band struck up “Hail Purdue” and the crowd roared “Fight!” P I Debris \ 1* ... callout will be held all this week for more editorial workers, both men and women, but especially Y co-eds. This is an excellent opportunity for sophomores since it is not tpo late to start working, an- ^ nounced Jean Jones, co-ed editor of Debris, n.z.
Barnet Arnheim Will Initiate Formal Season At Annual Military Ball Tonight
Cadet Colonels Meese, Aull To Lead Grand March; Colorful Decorations Highlight Dance Dancers, resplendent in evening clothes and military uniforms, will officially open the formal season at the University tonight at the annual Military Ball. Music for the occasion will be supplied by two top-flight bands, Charlie Barnet, who will play for dancing in the combined ballrooms, and Gus Arnheim, who will provide music in the cafeteria.
Grand March
Leading the grand march which is to take place at 10:30 p. m. will be Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese escorting Mary Edith Monk and Cadet Colonel L. E. Aull escorting Mary Lou Matthews. The order of the evening will be dancing from 9 until 1 o’clock. At 10:45 p. m. Scabbard and Blade pledges for this
Cadet Col. L E. Aull
Cadet Col. W. Meese
top ranking ROTC officer.
Will Escort
. .. Mary Edith Monk, co-ed from Sullivan.
' 50 Prettiest Co-eds On Campus Will Try For Beauty Queen Title
By I Mary Boynton
^ “She walks in beauty like the night” multiplied by fifty/ and from opposite directions so that you have * to be on the alert to get a proper eyeful of each one, with a spot light ji per beauty and the music of Dick Cisne’s orchestra to help her feel glamorous, should convince all the * cynics and discontented males of the ever-increasing resources of co- ^ ed pulchritude that our campus has
to offer.
Girls Ready The contestants are ready for the , ordeal after being coached by- Miss ^ Pearlman, professional dancer, model, and producer, and friend of the judge, who made us highly un- ^ ^comfortable by picturing him to us as having a terrific temper ^which manifests itself when he is displeased by causing him to leap lupon the stage and stop the performance. Anyway, we will all be f there to see if he flies off the handle, 'including sympathetic co-eds and enthusiastic and admiring boy- ‘
friends.
Although this may be the biggest and I the best, what with more and better material, the incomparable ^ setting of the Music Hall, a topnotch orchestra, and Earl Cawoll, « who has been called the best judge ^ of beauty in the wprld, it is not the first'^by any means, not by six-
teen years in fact, because it was in 1924, when the present beauties were mere toddlers, that the first beauty queen was chosen by a Hollywood favorite from pictures of the candidates. That year the Debris editor said, in introducing the beauty section, “Adding grace and charm to our campus, she is even a source of happiness and inspiration to us; making our lifeTtoth here in the • University and out in the wofid, less prosaic, less mo-
notonous.”
Barthelmess Picks The four finalists for 1925 were picked the same way by Richard Barthelmess, thew women’s screen favorite number one. But in 1926, an idea^ which has not been used here since was tried ^ben the qualities judged for the' six winners were classic, Irish, winsome, petite, regal, and demure.
Splurge
Then in 1938 Debris went on a splurge and imported Rped Winsey, art professor at DePauw; Alfred Cole, editor of Arbutus, I. U. year--book, and Paul Hawkins, a commercial artist, to make the decision. Again in '89, three judges were needed to do the dirty work; they were: Eleanor Nangle, editor of “Thru the Looking Glass” column in the Chicago Tribune, Elmer Taflinger, and Jerry Carlon, official photographer.
year will be announced. Decorations for the dance will follow the military motif. In the north ballrojom Old Glory will provide the theme for the backdrop. Massive gold columns topped with bunting will enclose the background of the orchestra.^ Band-fronts will contain the theme, their design being the United States shield backed by the crossed gold cannons of the field artillery. In the cafeteria the back drop will depict the familiar “Esquire” man flanked by some of the equally familiar “Petty” girls. Band fronts will carry the designs of facing silhouettes, on red, white, and blue backgrounds. Programs Programs for the event are of white leather and carry the University seal, and a large gold “P.” They may be had at the cashier’s office i:^ the Executive building. Students must procure their programs before 4 o’clock today. The Union will be closed during the dance. Tickets and passports will be required for admission to the danca. ^ I Co-ed hours have been extended to 2 o’clock for this evening. This means Hedy too.
Both of the orchestras engaged for tonight are well known throughout the country and abroad. Barnet is featuring blonde Harriet Clark, “America’s Sweetheart,” •'and two newcomers to his band. Ford Leary, 230 pounds of vocalist known as the “Man with the South in his voice,” and Bob Carroll, deep-voiced baritone. Arnheim, who is one of the leading composers of popular music, features vocalist Catherine Joyce with himself at the piano. A pre-dance banquet will be held for the members of the Military Ball .committee. M. H. Smith is in charge of arrangements for the dinner. Chairman Chairman of the committee for this year’s ball is Cadet Colonel L. E. Aull. Serving on the committee are ex-officio member Cadet Colonel W. G. Meese, Cadet Colonels W. A. Ward, B. W. Gibson; Cadet Lt. Colonels J. R. Blackwell, K. J. Thompson, and F. J. Roth; Cadet Majors J, R. Storm, J. D. Brummett; Bvt. Capt. M. H. Smith of the University Band; fladet 2nd Lieutenants A. J. Dillon, A. A. Topp, R. A. Dibos, W. L. Sullivan, and R. B. Stecker. r.l.h. H: G. Hartman Discusses 'Time And Motion Studies' Professor H. G. Hartman of the department of General Engineering was a guest speaker at a meeting of the Camera Club held at 7:30 last night in room 304 of the Union. The subject of his talk was “Time Motion Studies” which was illustrated by slides and a movie. George Toll was in charge of arrangeinents for the meeting. The exhibit of the club now 6n display in |She Union Will close Sunday, m.1.1.
Panhellenic Presents Scholarship Awards Highlighting last night’s Panhellenic dinner held in the south ballroom was an address by Mrs. W. E. Schofield, national president of Kappa Kappa Gamma, and the presentation of awards by the city Panhellenic organization. Subject of the address by Mrs. Schofield was “Panhellenically Speaking” in which she emphasized that cooperation, not competition was the proper spirit of fraternity and sorority organizations. She also stressed that the future of the fra- ’ ternity will depend on just what each and every member is doing for it. Lafayette City Pan-Hellenic ' group was praised by the speaker as a constructive force on the community and campus. Following the address Lois Hollingsworth was presented the City Panhellenic award for the senior member having the highest scholarship rating for 193^-40. Lois, who has an index of 6.43, is a member of Chj, Omega sorority and is enrolled in the aeronautical engineering school. Kappa Alpha Theta received the award made to the fraternity with the highest scholarship rating for 1939-40. Attendance award to the sorority on the campus having the highest percentage of alumnae present was presented to Alpha Zi Delta, and to Gamma Phi Beta and Beta Phi Alpha sororities for the groups not on campus having the highest percentage attendance. Dean Dorothy Stratton commended the city and college groups for the inauguration pf new movements brought about this year in the fraternity rush. Singing of sorority songs comprised the remainder of the program, d.s. Dr. L. Gilbrefh To Address Home Economics Meeting Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management, will be the principal speaker at the annual meeting of the college club section of the Indiana Home Economics Association to be held in the new business administration building at Indiana university tomorrow. She will discuss “Xhe College Girl’s Part In the Defense Program.” Group singing in both afternoon and morning sessions will be directed by Marjorie Williamson with the accompaniment of Emmabelle Whitenack on the accordion. Fifty mei|nbers of the Virginia C. Meredith Club, student home economics organization, will attend the meeting. Official delegates, Agnes McCulloch and Jeanne Ann\ Burkholder will be accompanied by Dr. Virginia Batie White of the foods and nutrition staff and adviser of the college club groups.
.. . chairman of the military ball committee.
Will Escort
exponent Photos By Archibald . . . Martha Lou Matthews of Marion College in Indianapolis. ^ Indiana Engineers Hear Professor Bray “Synthetic Materials and Their Relation to Industry and Defense” is the title of the address to be givefi by Professor John L, Bray, head of the school of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, at the afternoon session of the annual “All Engineers of Indiana” convention, today at the Anthony Hotel in Port Wayna. Professor Bray will speak on research on synthetic rubber, metals, fuels and solvents and their commercial production. This sixty-first meeting of the Indiana engineers’ organization will be participated in by the^state sections of the ASCE, AIEE, ASME, and by the Indiana society of Professional Engineers and the Port Wayne engineers’ club. The meeting will run through tomorrow afternoon. * Other University graduates taking part in the two day program are Thomas J. Kelly, ’ll, of Port Wayne, who ■will act as toastmaster at the dinner-meeting tonight; William A. Hanley, ’ll, director of engineering of the Eli Lilly company of Indianapolis, who will speak on “An Engineer’s Recent Experiences in Europe,” and Clyde A. Webb, also a graduate of the University, who will lead the discussion of a legislative program for engineers. At the technical session Saturday afternoon, J. Emmett Hall, ’06, now a member of the University faculty, •will preside. A general discussion of “The Pennsylvania Turnpike” will be led by M. R. Keefe, ’02, chief engineer of the Indiana state highway commission. t.b,n.
C. H.BehreSpeaks At Preparedness Convo Before 1800 Stresses Fact That U. S. Has Greatest Capacity Professor C. H. Behre, expert on economic geology, Northwestcam University, addressed a group of 1800 students, faculty members and townspeople, in thw second of a series of special convocations on national defense sponsored by the University last night at 7:30 p. m. in the Music Hall. The subject of his speech was “Strategic Importance of Mineral Resources to the Defense of the Cnited States.” Behre studied geology of metallic and non-metallic minerals at the University- of Chicago. He has taught economic geology at Lehigh and Northwestern Universities. Also, he has studied geologic conditions in most countries of Europe, Asia, Africa, and North and South Americas. “This country far outdistances all other single nations in its potential productive capacity of most raw materials essential to war, whether they be replaceable ‘crop’ products, like cotton and fats, or non-replace-^able mineral resources like coal, iron ore and oil.” Deficiencies “But,” he added hurriedly, “despite the superior wealth of the United States there are certain resources in which it is seriously deficient.” Among these, he made two classifications; strategic materials, ones that the country needs very much in case of a war emergency, such as quinine, charcoal, rubber, silk, manganese, chormium, nickel, tungsten mercury, tin, and antimony, and the other type being critical materials. The critical materials are ones that the country, as a whole, uses and needs for industry, which we have, but not in sufficient quantities. Among these materials are cork, hides, opium, wool, optical glass, phenol, tannings, aluminum, plat- ^ iijjim, vanadium, asbestos, and graphite. The United States have been buying reserves in these materials and can buy in any emergency. By reciprocal trade agreements with Great Britain, we are enabled to obtain some of the most important materials. We give Britain 600,000 bales of raw cotton for 86,000 tons of raw rubber. “This system of trading defense materials has proven very efficient in the past, and will be very important in the future,” says Dr. Behre. Search Progressing i “Search for these resources in our own country has been progressing steadily, -with the aid of industry and the government.” He also urged “continued intensive search in unexplored or relatively unpromising territory” by proficient technical skill which is available in this country. > In summarizing, he stated that the only way the United States could overcome her la<^ of a reserve, would be the constant cooperation of ever^ individual, private industry, corporation and technically skilled person in the'country toward the "same goal, national se-^ curity in defense industries. jff.z. Reedy To Broadcast Union Show Numbers On WBAA’s “Meet the Band” program at 12:30 p. m. today, Paul Reedy and his campus orchestra will give out with a preview of a few of the original selections ■written for the Union show, “Everything But Onions.” - This show is the largest that the Union has ever attempted, and, fittingly enough, is being held in ihe Music Hall Thanksgiving night at 8 o’clock.^ There will be flippy cancan choruses and other novelty numbers. All talent has been gamei^ from the student body, dovm to the least stage hand. The shbw is in competition with other esmpua plays for the annual award, rjrjr. Warpy Waterfall . . . and his Indiana uniyersi^ campus band, which broke all reeords at IndianapeJis* “Roed?* last summer, will provide the music for Saturday’s union mixer. Both hall rooms wiU be open. The usual admission price of $1.00 wSl prevaB.V
PURD0E EXPONENT
Friday, November 15, 2940
%S
Ihe ^th
We were informed early yesterday morning. By the radio. That Rumania’s iron premier had signed an agrreement with Germany. To demobilize the entire army and air corps. That is probably Adolph’s first move in the training he promised when he took over. After all, mobilization and demobilization are important military moves. And every soldier should know what to do. In case of peace. * * * Sounds to us more like he was planning a triumphal tour through. And wanted everybody to have their hands free to applaud. * * * Speaking of om’ friend from Berlin, we see by the papers that he and Molotiv have been hitting it off pretty well. Even been sleeping in the same bomb cellars together. Of Molotov the papers say that the— RUSSIAN LEAVES BERLIN WITH GERMANY AND SOVIET OF “SINGLE MIND” No we know our Adolph pretty well. And we say if those two have a single mind. It’s his. On the home front we find Secretary of the Navy Frank Knox doing a little inspecting of the defense program. He took one look. That was enough. DEFENSE IS YEAR AHEAD SAYS KNOX Of what we’re not too sure. The war maybe. He needn’t worry though. Given a day or two half the ships in his yards will probably go sky high. Putting him right back on schedule. * * * Everything else in the country has taken to going up in the air at the slightest provocation. If our count
The Purdue Exponent
Entered M leeond c1m« matter at the imst office to Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congreai of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of poatagre provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday duringr the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief B. W. Dsnahne Business Manager Jderlo Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. J. H. McKee Managing Editor - JD. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Tiwngott.,, Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, 'R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor. J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor—Skallerup Asst. Night Editor—Hadley Day Editor—Siess Night Sports Editor—Swaim Sophomores: T. B. Novey, R. R. Runnion, J. F. Amos, M. L. Losey, J. Zinski, J. Horr, M. K. Boynton, M. Flannigan, M. J. Pox.
is correct, there are now five less powder plants, and one less War Department building. The last three disappearing in the space of fifty minutes. However, the FBI attributes that: To Coincidence. Jf! * * And they may be right, but we have put our supply of shotgun shells under lock and key anyhow.-^.k.h.
Classified Ads FOR RENT Busa-Rcnt-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone, 2407.
WB A A
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaireiL All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and mnltigiaph work. C. F. Elbmhoff, 605 Mato St. Phone 2779.
For Rent: Furnished rooms. Shower bath. One and one-half blocks from campus. Special rates. 122 Pierce St. 7764.
FOR SALE 306 tickets $1; 1000 for $2; other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206. '
'WANTED Passenger Wanted: Round trip to Cleveland, Ohio, for Thanksgiving. 1940 Plymouth sedan. Phone 3430.
Passenger Wanted: Round trip to New York, 1940 Plymouth Sedan. Leave Wednesday night. Phone 3430.
LOST Lost: Kappa Alpha Theta pin. If found, call Martha Raub, 3231.- Reward.
Friday, November 15 11:00—Just About Time 11:15—Memory Lane 11:30—^Morning Music 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—^Agricultural Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Home on the Land 1:16—Ruth Schlott, soprano 1:30—School Program 1:46—^Market Reports 2:00—Story Time 2:16—^Magic Carpet 2:30—^Tomorrow’s Game 2:46—^Harmony Hall 3:00—Special Musicale—^West Lafayette High School 3:30—^Tea Time Tunes 4:00—Three M’s and Aristocrats of Rhythms
WAA News Don’t forget the Harvest Hop on the 29th of this month. Here’s another chance for all you gals to pick out the man of the hour and drag him to a joey good time.
Lost: Decitrig slide rule. Name on case. R. D. Inglis. 6827. Reward.'
MARJORIE RAMBEAU-ALAN HALE JANE WYMAN-RONALD REAGAN
GRAVES BAKERY FINE ^ BREAD and PASTERIES
Fraternity and Sorority Orders a SPECIALTY
TODAY THRU SATURDAY CraeKluf tfowi ei eoiiterfiitirsl
JackHalt aursmithe
FIRST RUN NEWS
MARS Starts TOMORROW
SAMUEL OOLUWrir pnuntt
With WALTER BREKUAir FRED STONE • DORIS OAVENPORT
LAST TIMES TODAY-
GET OUT and GET COMFORTABLE IN FORTUNE’S NEW MOCCASIN I
Wherever smartly dressed sports spectators gather, you'll find comfort and authenticated custom bootmaker styling in a pair of these new Fortune moccasins in smart "Cherry Tan." See this style today, and our other new Fortune Shoes.
•♦yOUR FEET ARE WORTH FORTUNES
4
MOST STYLES
6 & W SHOE CO.
121 No. Fourth St
student. Faculty Attend Tea Sponsored By YWCA Yesterday afternoon the YWCA sponsored a student-faculty tea in the reception rooms of the Union from 4:30 to 6:30 p. m. Approximately 126 persons, including faculty members and students, were present. Refreshments served were hot cider and doughnuts. Phyliss Baker entertained the guests with a violin solo. The receiving line was composed of the officers of the YWCA, Ruth Bryant, president; Kathryn Lang, secretary; Jane Ellen Blind, treasurer; and Miss Coolidge, faculty advisor, m.a.f. Annual Classes ... in “Preparation for Home and Marriage,” sponsored by The Wesley Foundation, will be held every Sunday evening at 6:30, for the next four weeks at the West Lafayette Methodist Church. Three sections of classes on “Problems of Going Steady,” by Rev. McFadden; “Boy and Girl Friendships,” by Prof. A. A. Smith; and “Problems of Marriage and Family Life,” by Mrs. McFadden will be taught.
Race Problem . . . will be the subject of a series of lessons ih the Men’s Student Class at the West Lafayette Methodist Church beginning on November 17. Dr. J. R. Leevy of the Sociology Department will teach the series. At the same period a Bible Class will be taught by Rev. McFadden on the “Letters of St. Paul.” Students who wish information on either of these subjects are urged by those in charge to attend for the coming four Sundays. m.j.f.
LUMA
TODAY-SAT.—2 HITS
Clarence E. Mulford’s THREE MEN FROM TEXAS PLUS ^—
\fUGmVE ' PPOM A ( NtlSON CAMP
NEW ^ g AIN
TODAY - TOMORROW — LAST TWO DAYS —
This Year's Big Laugh Hit! The Fonniest Show . „ In Town/ KKO RADIO Picture, vrilh Bandolph SCOTT 0«U PATRICK Don't Miss the Midnite Prevue Saturday of That Hippie Dipple Razxle Dazzle Rhythm in "TOO MANY GIRLS" It's Collegiate! It's Colorful!
Try a classified ad!
WHITE SHIRT PERFECTION! WHinHUl by ^s<M $2 Year after year, thousands of men renew their supply of Jayson Whitehall shirts as automatically as their insurance policies. Naturally, there is a reason for this acceptance. It can be found in the extra quality and fine styling of Whitehall shirts. It can he found in the closely woven, lustrous broadcloth that has been tested for durability. It can he found in the careful tailoring by Troy craftsmen . . . the absence of skimping in fabric or workmanship. Try comparing a Jayson Whitehall with an expensive custommade shirt. Note the similarity in styling and detailing. Neck sizes 131/^ to 19 - Sleeve lengths 31 to 37 inches.
SANFORIZED——Fabric shrinkage less than
soqhaiNst
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
■tfwmmmm
£xftaimdt Successful Invasion Of Gopher Camp Hoped For Taking to the road once again last night, Mai Elward’s much traveled grid squad started on their northward journey to the Gopher camp at Minneapolis. For the third week now the Boilermaker football machine has had to leave home ground and attack its opponent on foreign soil. Although travel is said to be broadening it cannot be said that it aids in winning football games. In Coach Elward’s words, ‘'You can’t be on the road every week and yet get the proper amount of practice.” More Scrimmage Needed
Friday, November 15, 1940
During the past three weeks the Riveter gridiron squad has been able to hold really hard scrimmages only two days a week. The other afternoons have necessarily been consumed by travel or lighter dummy scrimmages. Combining with the lack of practice in making the situation difficult for the Riveter squad is the fact that niany of the players upon whom the coaches
must depend are sophomores who in spite of all their ability on the gridiron sadly need the polish that can be developed vonly lots of tough scrimmage. Before leaving for the station last night the squad ran thru the plays which, it is hobed, will bring to a close the phenomenal record of this season’s Minnesota eleven. Old man
weather took a hand ill yesterday’s closing practice session by lowering the temperature to a point where it was necessary to move the practice off of the regular field'and under the protecting roof of the Fieldhouse. Snow At Minneapolis / According to schedule the 36 men making up the traveling squad for the Minnesota game should arrive in St. Paul at 8:30 a. m'. today. At 2:30 this afternoon the squad is to work-out in the Gopher’s stadium. However, here again the weatherman may take a hand in the matter for at last report the Minnesota football stadium was said to be under a blanket of snow. Looking forward to the all-im-portant Indiana game .a week from to^norrow Coach Elward remarked that his charges will begin serious preparation for the Cream and Crimson grid battle next Monday. Once again, next week, scrimmage days will not have to be limited to
Tuesday and Wednesday, since for the first time .'in many weeks the squad wijil not find it necessary to undergo-the set-back occasioned by a journey to foreign battlefield. The list of the men m&king the trip to Minneapolis is as follows: Centers: Axton, Leugo, Ruggieri. Guards: Brown, Ehrlich, Melton, Miller^ Winchell. Tackles: Kjellberg, Neff,jO’Bryan, Timperniian, Warren, I. Rossi, A. Rossi. Ends: Coombs, Hartup, King, McCaffry, Rankin, Rush, Sprowl, Stevens. Half Backs: Ber^o, Brock, Byelefie. Carter, Cook, Galvin. Quarter Backs: Cary, Kersey, Smerke. Full Backs: Buffington, Fijala, Petty, Schumacher, d.w.m. • According to carefully conducted experiments there are 47,000 leaves on the average catalpa tree.
MEET and EAT AT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON • DINNER • REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
POPCORN 15c a Gallon If you have not tried it yet, do sol
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
• Complete Model Airplane Supplies. •Complete Photographic Supplies. Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
N. J. Arth, ’37
D. N. HanseU, ’37
JAsl lAnimL Qlub (RjoomA, Signify convenience at your finger-tips
Telephones Baths Meals Entertainment
JhiL pwidiJUL WjufrufiiaL UmpfL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S West Lafayette
^ V
From Artow Shirts to Arrow Shorts, here’s your chance to sign up for the best coordinated line of men’s wear in the country. Arrow Shirts, with the smartest patterns you’ve seen in many seasons. $2, up. Arrow Ties, designed specifically to harmonize with.yonr Arrow Shirts and your sail fabrics. $1 and $1.50. Arrow Handkerchiefs, also planned for your Arrow Shirts and Ties. 25c, up. Arrow Shorts, with the patented seamless crotch to givp you extra comfort. 65c, up. Your Arrow dealer has this unbeaten, untied line under contract . . . See him today.
ARROIV SHIRTS COLLARS . . , TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
108E INOHd ^
IS NIVW 91*’
S<HaXN3M3a SLHIHS TVBIHOJ AIOHHV J® V OSTV SXHIHS
IN Schedules
Friday, Norember 15 Ward 8 vs. Ward 33. Adams, Meyer. Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. \ Agler, Schriber. Ward 6 vs. Ward 6. Bowers, Michaels. Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall 10. Captain, Papurca. Ward 27 vs. Ward 28. Hawkins, Kichman. Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall 6. Kutz, Shaw. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Kappa Delta Bho. McCarty, McGrath. BASKETBALL Court 1—^Btorry Schwartz 7:00 Ward 1 vs. Ward 3. 7:16 Ward 5 vs. Ward 2. 8:00 Ward 6 vs. Ward 4. 8:16 Ward 11 vs. Ward 13. Court 2—H. Goldstein 7 ;00 Ward 22 vs. Ward 21. 7 :16 Ward 23 vs. Ward 25. 8:00 Ward 24 vs.'Ward 27. 8:15 Ward 26 vs. Ward 28. Court 3—H. Young 7:00 Ward 32 vs. Ward 36. 7 :16 Ward 27 vs. Ward 39. 8:00 Ward 10 vs. Ward 29. 8:15 Ward 8 vs. Ward 16.
7:00 7:46 8:30 9:16 7:00
SQUASH Court 1 Phi Sigma Kappa Sigma Nu Theta Tau Theta Xi Court 2 Triangle
PIA Presents Firs! Tea Dance Orchestra Innovating the first tea dance at which a regular orchestra will lie featured, PIA will present Mattry Mahn’s orchestra Saturday afternoon from 3 to 5:30 in the Sonth ballroom of the Union. Admission will be whatever yon can afford to put in the money box at the door. Returns from the dance will go into the Community Chest Fund. Featured with Mahn's orchestra will he Darlene, soloist. Scores from the game will be announced at intervals. Damon Elder, PIA social chairman, is in charge, j.h.
7:45 Kappa Sigma 8:30 Tau Kappa Epsilon 9:15- Delta Upailon Court 3 7:00 Sigma Pi 7:45 Tau Epsilon Phi 8:30 Kappa Delta Rho 9:16 Alpha Chi Rho
VACATION ECONOMY: Send your^ Luggage home and bath by handy .... RAHWAY EXPRESS!
Right from college direct to your own front doot and vice versa, without extra charge, in all cities and principal towns. And all you do is phone RAILWAY Express. We ll call for your trunks, bags and bundles. Away they’ll go at passenger train speed, and be delivered straight to the street address. The rates are low, and you can send "collect,” you know, by Railway Express, same as college laundry goes. Yes, it is a very popular service! So when you’re packed, strapped and locked, just phone us and take your train with peace of mind. 9 So. Second Street Phone 5069
Railwa:
Inc.
RESS
AGENCTY
NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Where Every Shirt Is An ARROW SHIRT HERSEY^S
507 Main St.
Labr Hotel Building
the Purdiie Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th qr Hain St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Bus Information
• jewelers
GARY 2.95 R. T. MICHIGAN CITY .... 3.70 R. T. INDIANAPOLIS 2.10 R.T. YANKEE TRAILWAYS 208 N. 5th Phone 447S
Hays jewelry Co. Fine jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Tailor
• Electrical Supplies
Sparrendahl Tailor ' Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Breisford'a Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lamps Hot Point AH Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• ’’Locksmith
• Dairy Products
KEYS ^nd LOCKS Keys for trUnks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairirig. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone Z828
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MlUC Phone 46214 : N \ sn
PURDUE EXPONENT
Fzidoy, November 15, 1940^
Notices
AxTicnltaral Education Society: Open
By MARY KAY
meeting Monday, November 18, at 7:30 in west faculty lounge Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment Institute, will speak —CROOKS
Freshman Exponent Co-eds: Work schedule IS posted in office. Check schedule and report on night assigned —SIMPSON.
Holders of Military Ball Tickets: Ticket stubs must be redeemed for programs before Friday, November 16, before 4pm —AULL.
Seniors: Dexheimer-Carlon will show senior picture proofs Thursday, Friday and Saturday, November 14, 15 and 16 from 8 a. m. to 9 p m in room 60, Union basement. Last opportunity to see proofs. —BREEDEN
Novice Pistol Group: Students firing in the Fifth Novice Pistol Group are reminded that the first meeting of this group is Monday, November 18 —BROWN
Novice Pistol Group: There are several vacancies in the 4 o’clock section of the Fifth Novice Pistol Group. Students desiring to fire in this group, which begins firing Monday, November 18, may sign up in the supply room of the Armory —BROWN
Pnrdne Outing Club: There will be a roller skating party, with refreshments Friday evening, November IB. Group will leave women’s gvm at 7 00 For reservation or further information, please call Marjorie Ward, 41111, or Ted Parker before Friday noon Everyone is welcome. —PARKER
Military Ball Committee: All who can help with decorations meet in room 286 of the Union at 2 00 p m , Friday, November 15 —AULL
Silver Mask; Important meeting Thursday November 21, 1940, 7 16 p. m., in room 303 of the Union Please be present —PITCHER
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, November 16 by schools as follows A-E, Room 101 Michael Golden Shops, F-K, Room 264 Electrical Building, L-R, Room 129 Electrical Building, S-Z, Room 201 Civil Building —KNAPP
Tonight IS the night when the co-eds and men on campus turn their thoughts to the opening of the formal season, Military Ball. I am bringing to you with the help of our co-ed staff a description of what some of the Ball goers will wear. —wTw— The military men will wear their uniforms while the other men attending the dance will choose either a tux or the increasingly popular set of tails. We’ll see: Anne Beard in a white paper taffeta with a fitted top and huge skirt. The dress has narrow blue velvet shoulder straps and hand painted American ^eauty roses around the hemline. . . . Roberta Craig chooses a combination of a pink faille taffeta top with threequarter length sleeves with a voluminous pink net skirt. . . . Dorothy Weber will swing out in a dress with a black velveteen top with a low neck and short puffed sleeves over a full bl^ck taffeta skirt. . . . Mary Lou Meeks will look smart in an ash blue paper taffeta brocaded in silver with above the elbow white kid gloves. —^wTw— More: Ruth Emery in a full skirted blue crepe with three tiny straps over the shoulders. . . . Mary Lou
Munning breath taking in a gray taffeta, with a tiny waist and a large swing skirt, with a bunch of violets as the only decoration. . . . Glorianne Sivyer in a two-tone green chiffon trimmed with chartruese and cerise. . . . (Art Gray, a commissioned officer wants us to tell you that he will be wearing something new and different for men—
a uniform). —^wTw—
Others: Dottie Benson in a white brocaded top with a full white chiffon skirt. .'. . Joan Cooper chooses a stunning off the shoulder dress of blue taffeta trimmed with black lace. . . . Ann Custer combines a black velveteen top with a green embroidered taffeta skirt.... Vivian Peterson a dream in gold chiffon skirt with a gold bugle top. . ,. Betty Craig will wow them in a pink brocaded taffeta. .. . . Katie Gates picks the strick black velvet with white lace. . . . Marilyn McKnight steps out in a pink net with a bouffant skirt with gold threads running through it. . . . Peg Davis very attractive in a high waisted gray silk jersey skirt gathered onto a bodice of silver metallic cloth.
—^wTw—
Barbara Adkins will dance in a blue turquoise crepe shirred over shoulders and decorated with a half
moon rhinestone clip at neck with ear rings to match... . Betty Lewis in blue turquoise with a qujlted jacket and a full swing skirt. . . . Marietta Darnell goes sophi^icated on us in a red velvet with a draped top, low waisted and a gathered skirt. . .. June Close selects a white chiffon with short puffed^sleeves and self braid around neck and dowp front and a^ flowing skirt. -^wTw— Joan Jackson wears turquoise silk jersey with gold sequins on bodice. . . . Alice Newton uses simplicity as her theme in a rose satin. . . . Joan Keener will be \Yearing a long full sleeved gold crepe. . . . Mary Ann Green chooses white chiffon with long sleeves and gold sequin trim and a pink wool evening wrap. . . . Winifred Kreipke keen stuff in an Italian red taffeta with a sweetheart neckline. . . . Sue Van Deren chic in an ice blue velvet ribbed taffeta skirt with a black velvet bodice. , . . Betty Trexlefr in black sheer velveteen with a full skirt and a shirred bodice. . . . Marybeth Sharp in the red in taffeta with sequin trim. ^ —^wTw— More seeing: Maxine Totten black moire taffeta with long black gloves offset by rhinestone straps and bracelets. . . . Jean Ann Mc-
Clintock in a green taffeta “period” dress will full skirt and covered shoulders. . .. D. J. Henniger black velvet wdth white kid gloves. . . . Ellen Bossett in a black net with colored velvet bows on skirt. . . . Janeth Dixon chooses a strapless back velvet creation. .. . Jane Robinson uses hoops in her red taffeta dress with an off the shoulder effect. . . .^Peggy Howard plenty ok in a figured taffeta of the cover up variety. —wTw— Take a look at Virginia Vestal in a blue silk jersey, full bodice and skirt divided by a quilted girdle... . Adele Cole going strapless in a lavender changeable taffeta with a full skirt. . . . Jean Frankenberry in bemberg chiffon, flowered. . . . Jean Moses black velvet off the shoulder trimmed in white lace. . . . Janet Greger keen in white satin with a jeweled girdle. . . . Martha Lommell in a jersey shirt over a red plaid wool skirt. .. . Betty Hopkins in a full .skirted pink net with a multi-colored top. . . . Betty Sexton chooses a striped taffeta skirt topped by a black velvet bodice. —wTw— Nan Zackery in a white faille skirt with a red velveteen jacket,, with % length sleeves. . . . Barbara Lupton a knockout in a black chif-
fon skirt topped by a metallic cloth top in red and silver. . . . Betty Lewis will be there in a blue slipper satin with a quilted jacket, r.. Allie Bahls in black crepe writh multicolored sequin girdle. . . . Sis Talor black ^lle with a white silk jersey top with a girdle of black sequins. ... Jo Jackson in a powder blue silk jersey wdth gold sequins. . . . Evelyn Gullion in black net with gold sequins on skirt and straps. . . . Eleanor Kistler white net skir|; with a fitted white metallic top. . .. Ann Bishop selects a white tafeta "with a fuschia and royal blue bodice with rhinestone trim. —^wTw— You’ll see Jane Arnoid in an orchid taffeta with a minute bodice and a full skirt topped by a deep purple velveteen jacket. . . . Barb Fellows decked out in a dusty rose chiffon-with a tucked bodice wdth short sleeves. . . . Mary Henry wrill breeze in a chartreuse taffeta writh a gold scroll trimmed jacket. . . ^ Elaine Wellington in a black lace with a long torso and rhinestone clips. . . . Victoria Milea shows up in a white lace writh a torso of aquamarine velvet. —^wTw— Good dressing and have fun at the Ball.
Cut Your DEBRIS COST
The price of the 1941 Debris will advance on November 20. Save yourself money by buying now. Present Price $4.00 (Dahhiii, "d/L jthsL TnjodeJut, Ttlmmshl'
THE PERFECT EVENING MILITARY BALL WONDERFUL DATE BEAUTIFUL FLOWERS Styled by Artists ORCHIDS — GAIjiDENIAS ROSES — VIOLETS
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING Dial 7955-8050 635 Main St. Serving Purdue University for 40 Years
pr’
A CORSAGE Will Increase HER LOVELINESS
The constant changing of styles of evening gowns, requires new styles of corsage and flower arrangements. In ordering Her flowers for the Military Ball, let one of our qualified designers help you select the correct color and arrangement of flowers for her evening gown. Avoid disappointment by ordering from . . .
QIwdiL. J'bfmL ShofL
Phone 8411
527 Main Street
YOU WALK EVERY DAY SO CHANGE YOUR HABITS FOR MILITARY BALL SEND AN SOS FOR A YELLOW CAB
YELLOW CAB CO.
'’ll
fA
'HV
i(«|
>4
’•o';