Fordham Sporfs Writer Guest Of Sports Gestapo
Xfumem
lofiii f^ardua^i AAfiiV«ri«ry
Volume 53, No. 47
' West Loiayette, Indiana
Friday, Ocfobear 0t, 1041
Jane Grimmer Wins University Sciente
Lodde Speech Contest Jane Grimmer, Pi Beta Phi, and Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority won the first-prize individual and. organization trophies last night at the annual Lodde speech contest for freshmen coeds in Eliza Fowler Hall before 250 students and faculty members. Miss Grimmer spoke on “Blind Dates, or Guess Who?”
Players Revive
'Our Tovrri' Tomorrow
Purdue Players will present “Our Town” by Thornton Wilder tomorrow evening at 8 p. m. in Fowler Hall. This play was presented last summer for the students and towns
Barbara Bradley, Kappa Kappa Gamma, speaking on “One of the Nation’s Current Problems,” and Sarah Andrews, Kappa Kappa Gamma, speaking on “Home Sickness,” placed second and third re-
spectively.
Kappas Win 18 Points Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority won first place in the organization prize, amassing 18 points for second and third place winners. Pi Beta Phi, Alpha Chi Omega and Alpha Xi Delta placed in that order.
Opening her talk with a short people and it is being given again
explanation that “blind dates” were so named because “after meeting the man you wish you were blind,” Jane Grimmer presented her classification of the typical blind dates on the campus. Unfiatteringly, she dubbed these “dates” as either “drips,” a group of men without personality, or “goons,” a group of men without good looks. A hybrid class she named the “drippy goons.” After running the critique from a “blind date’s” controversial habits to his style of dancing Grimmer
with practically the same east. “Our Town” is a Pulitzer Prize winning play, which diflers from the general run of stage productions in that there is no scenery or curtains used. The stage is black when “Our Town”,begins, and the Stage Manager comes to the front of the platform and explains the plot thus: “In our town we like to know the facts about everybody.” The play takes place in Grovers Corners, New Hampshire, population 2,640. The story is about the
finally condescended to admit that lives, loves, marriages and deaths she was still willing and eager to take place in an ordinary small meet “the” man on a blind date. town, pieced together by the Stage Receives Permanent Trophy Manager into the history of this
Jane will receive permanent pos- town, session of the individual first place
trophy. Kappa Kappa Gamma retains possession of the organization trophy for one year. Any organization winning the trophy three times will be given, permanent possession of it. Other finalists in the contest were Jane Schutt and Nedra Ann Pierce, Alpha Chi Omega, and Billie Nicholson, Alpha Xi Delta. Dean Mary L. Matthews, Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant dean of ' women. Dr. M. D. Steer of the speech depaitment and Rev. Otto Steele, pastor of the West Lafayette Methodist Church, acted as judges for he contest, d.t.b. Outing Club To Send Groups To Meeting Outing Club is arranging to send several representatives to the Midwest Outing Club conference at McCormick’s Creek State Park on Saturday, Nov. 8 and Sunday, Nov. 9. Representatives from various colleges in Indiana will attend this second meeting of the newly-organized conference. Opal Blagrave and Gail Herlnis are in charge of arrangements. Transportation will be arranged for the group which will leave Saturday noon and return Sunday. On Wednesday, Nov. 6, the Outing Club will hold an open meeting in room 303 of the Union. A new president will be elected at this time to replace Marjorie Ward who has resigned. Revisions of the constitution as well as the program for the coming year will also be considered. e.h.a.
The more important members of the cast for this play are: Stage Manager, George Cummings; Mrs. Gibbs, Carolyn Wood; Mrs. Webb, Corienne Eckert; Dr. Gibbs, Virgil LaFuse; George Gibbs, Haskell Metz; Emily Webb, Becky Pervine; Wally Webb, Marion Smith; Mr. Webb, Richard Burtner; Joe Crowell, Warren Lull; Si Crowell, Paul Lull; Rebecca Gibbs, Sahara Andrew; and Simon Stimson, Don Mc-
Intosh.
Tickets are available a^ the office in Fowler Hall for 60 cents,
c.f.h.
Scrivener Holds Callouts For Freshman Workers Scrivener will hold freshmen callouts for both the business and editorial staff tomorrow afternoon at 2 in the Union sub-basement, room
68.
Of special interest to the Scrivener are freshmen who like to write and who enjoy working on the literary staff, as well as those freshmen who have talent for business organization and would like positions on the office and managing staffs, a.l.s. Dr. Helmut Kohnke . . assistant soil technologist in the agronomy department, will talk on “Run-Off Chemistry; an Undeveloped Branch of Soil Science” at the first of two November meetings of the Agronomy Seminar. The meeting will be held in Agricultural Hall at 4 p.m. next Monday.
Academy Members Attend 57th Meeting Enders Presides Over Junior Science Group Subjects ranging from the respiration of the sea-cucumber to the deceleration of heavy ions will be discussed by members of the University staff who will present papers At the fifty-seventh annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science, which^ began at DePauw .University yesterday anJ will continue through today and tomorrow. Dean H. E. Enders of the School of Science will attend meetings of the executive and research committees of the Academy and will preside at sessions of the Indiana Junior Academy of Science tomorrow. Also present from the University staff will be members of the Chemistry, Education and Applied Psychology, Biology and Entomology departments. Among the 24 members of the Biology Department attending the conference are the following who will presertt papers: W. H. Silver, Dr. A. T. Guard, Dr. W. H. Headlee, Dr. R. M. Cable, Dr. W. Mullison, Dr. W. A. Hiestand, D,r. R. E. Girton. Dr. George B. Cummins and E. R. Park. From the Physics Department will be Dr. J. K. Knipp, Prof. J. F. Carlson, Prof, R. B. Abbott and J. H. M. Brunings. The Chemistry Department will be represented by the following: Dr. F. J. Allen, Dr. P. J. Elving, Prof. G. B. Bachman, Prof. L. P. Biefeld, Prof. M. G. Mellon, Prof. E. F. Degering, W. B. Ligett, M. H. Danzig, Margaret Griffing, Leslie Gillette, Karl Schaaf and C. A. Burkhard. Dr. F. J. Allen will speak before tomorrow morning’s session of the Junior Academy on the subject of liquid air. Four Entomology Representatives The Entomology Department will send the following: Dr. B. Elwood Montgomery, Prof. W. A. Hiestand, Prof. W. D. Davis and G. E. Gould. Pi of. Alma Long, representing the division of Education and Applied Psychology, will present a paper on “Effect of double-checking for sureness of answers to truefalse questions.” k.k. Mack Provides Mixer Rhythms Unique rhythms by Eddie Mack and his ten-piece band will be featured at the Union mixer tomorrow night from 9 to 12 in the south ballroom of the Union Building. Vocal selections by Bonnie Scott and Paul Blair will be accompanied by band leader Eddie Mack at the piano. To add variety to the evening’s entertainment, specialty numbers and novelty selections will be provided by both the band and the to-
calists.
During its six years of touring from coast to coast, the band has played at seme of the country’s leading night spots, presenting its own special style of rhythm and melody to the dancers, g.w.b.
Fraternity Conference, Education Association Meetings Begin Today
Purdue's Birthday^ Train Disaster, Anniversaries Recall Past History
By Wayne Summers Today, students filled with the merry fall spirit of Hallowe’en wjll pause briefly throughout the day to pay silent tribute to the great founder of this University. Today is John Purdue’s 139th birthday. He was born on October 31, 1802, to poor pioneer parents in Pennsyl^nia. He was the only boy in a family of eight children. He entered school at the age of eight and showed great adeptness at studies. Farmed In Ohio Shortly after completing his ^ schooling he was offered a job as a school teacher, but having little interest in that he returned to farming in Marion County, Ohio. In 1837 Purdue visited the community of Lafayette for the first time, but it was not until two years later that he decided to become a permanent resident. At first he established a geneial goods store and later went into other types of business. He was noted for his generosity to benevolent organizations.
A period of increasing wealth and promience followed so that /when the Morrill Act was passed in 1862, he was one of the lichest men in Tippecanoe county. This act which provided land grants for the founding and sustaining of state colleges brought about a great contention among the counties of this state as to where the school should be located. W^en the assembly could not reach a decision John Purdue offered a sum of 160,000 dollars for the foundin|? of an institution in Tippecanoe county. The county offered 60,000 dollars and 100 acres of land, and it js on this land that the University stands today. No “Dead Languages” Purdue’s only stipulations were that the school be named aft^r him and that no “dead languages” be taught in any of the classes. Both of these wishes have been complipd with to this day. The university was established in 1909 but actual classes did not start
until 1874. The University has been standing as as educational monument to John Purdue for the past
72 years.
In fitting remembrance of its founder Mortar Board, senior women’s honorary, will place a wreath on his grave in front of University Hall today at noon. Train Wreck Anniversary Today is the day of memories, for 38 years ago a great train wreck occurred outside of Indianapolis, that greatly affected all members of the Univeisity. The train bore the entjie football team and the band and students who were going to the classic struggle between the teams of Purdue and Indiana. The train rounded a blind curve and struck a standing string of coal cars. In the terrible crash that followed seventeen persons were killed, including fifteen students. The Memorial Gymnasium, given by the New York Central Railroad, was built in honor of those students who lost their lives in this
disaster.
11941 Directory | 1. STUDENT LIST. Copies of the proof of the complete student list of the University Directory are posted in the lobby of the Executive Building, first floor, and are available at the Reference Desk in the Library and at the West Desk in the Union. All students are requested to check that part of the proof which concerns them personally, and, in case corrections or changes are necessary, call at the Registrar’s office and report the necessary changes at once. In particular, any ^person who has changed his address or telephone number since registration should call at the Registrar’s office and report the new address at once. 2. MISCELLANEOUS INFORMATION. Copies of the proof of the lists of fraternities, sororities, and other miscellaneous information given in the University Directory are available at the same place as the proof of the student list. Interested persons are requested to check this material and report errors or corrections to Assistant Dean Goldsmith at once. R. B. Stone, Registrar — Spill Campus Parties Prepare To Elect New Green Potters' Heads With the completion of party tickets, the two newly-formed campus political paities are now ready to open their respective campaigns for the Green Potteis’ election, which will be held next Thursday in the Union. A split among the ranks of the former Progressive and Boilermaker parties for this election has resulted in the formation of the Progressive Green Potters, a group composed of Cary Hall and independent men, and the Rivetei party, formed last week at a meeting of freshmen from several of the oiganized groups on the campus.' Slater, Stallings Seek Presidency George Slater, president; Richard Welty, vice-president; John Wooling, secretary; and Bob Marshall, treasurer, are the nominations of the Riveters. Their opponents will back Bob Stallings for president; Tim Tilton, vice-president; Judd Year, secretary; and Michael Gallucci, treasurer. With the exception of Gallucci, all of the Progressive candidates are residents of the Halls. The election this year is being conducted by the Student Senate, as usual, and all freshman men Will be permitted to vote upon presentation of their passports. The officers elected will be in charge of the Green Potters’ Dance and will supervise the annual pot burning ceremonies, w.e.r. Union To Sell Block Of Football Tickets For 'Dad's Section' In response to the student demand for a “Dad’s Section” in the stands for the Michigan State game, the Student Union is sponsoring the sale of a block of 660 tickets for se^ts in sections 4 and 6 situated between the 30 and 40 yard lines on the Michigan State
side.
Tickets will be on sale at the entrance to the south ballroom of the Union tomorrow from 4 p. m. until 5:30 and throughout next week. Tickets May Be Exchanged These tickets may be obtained for the usual price of $2.60, and students who have already bought the regular $2.60 tickets for seats elsewhere in the stadium may, if they so desire, exchange them for tickets in the “Dad’s Day Block.” Also, those who have not as yet turned in their coupon no. 3, may, by adding 23 cents '' (government tax), obtain a seat in this section. However, no regular student tickets can be exchanged in this manner.
Elliott To Welcome Fraternity Visitors At Morning Session starting today, the second annual two-day regional interfraternity conference will be held on the campus. This conference, which is being held for the purpose of strengthening interfraternity bonds and to acquaint undergraduate leaders with fraternal problems, will be attended by representatives from six states and fifty campuses. Thi^ morning the delegates will register in the great hall of the Union and will then be welcomed by President E. C. Elliott. Following this there will be discussion groups with speeches by William S. Livingston, Council of Fraternity Presidents, Ohio State University, and Dr. F. C. Scheuch, fraternity advisor of the University. In the afternoon rush and scholarship will be the topics of discussion with Frederick T. Mitchell, Dean of Men at Michigan State College, and G. H. Smith, DePauw University, speaking respectively on the two subjects. Tonight there will be a smoker in the east faculty lounge of the Union. Saturday morning Paul C. Beam will speak on “Alumni Relationships” and “The Future of Fraternities” will be discussed by R. B. Stewart. In the afternoon a question box will be held where delegates will have a chance to direct the channels of conversation into any subject on which they desire information. Closing the meeting will be a banquet at which Harry C. Northcott, Trustee of Northwestern University, will speak, d.w.o. William Lowe Bryan Will Give Talk Here On 'Tippecanoe Day' Dr. William Lowe Bryan, president emeritus of Indiana university, will speak at the annual “Tippecanoe Day” meeting of the Tippecanoe County Historical association next Monday evening, in the West faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. Bryan will reminisce on many of the interesting events and people he has expeiienced m the last sixty years. His topic will be “Some His-tory-Making Hoosiers I Have Known.” The dinner, which'will precede the program, is open to the public. Studied In Europe Dr. Bryan has studied in Berlin, Paris and Wurzbuig, and holds honorary degrees from many Amei lean universities. An alumnus of Indiana University, he taught Greek and philosophy there before becoming vice-president and then president of the university, seiwing a total of forty-four years. He retired in l337. Members of the committee in charge of the' meeting are Mrs. O. F. Hall, Prof, and Mrs. W. M. Hepburn, Mr. and Mrs. M. Evan Sherry, Miss Gertrude Find, Miss Jessie Moore and George L. Lewis. Prof. O. F. Hall is general chairman,
a.l.w.
Fields To Play For Barnyard Frolic Tonight Bobby Fields and his University of Illinois orchestra will play tonight at the annual Barnyard Frolic from 9 to 12 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. Newman Club, Catholic student organization and sponsor of the frolic, will offer prizes for the best costume of the evening. The backdrop for the dance will complete the theme of a barnyard with a scene of the inside of a barn, complete with hayloft, wagon, lanterns and all. Also Newman Club plans to have square dances at intermission time and during the dance if a caller can be found for the evening. Tickets for the dance are priced at $1.10 each, d.w.o. Sappingfon To Speak On Industrial Hygiene Engineering Tonight “Industrial Hygiene Engineering” will be the subject of an illustrated lecture to be presented by C. 0. Sappington, Doctor of Public Health, from Chicago, tonight at 7:30 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. This lecture has been arranged for the members of the classes in Indusjtrial Engineering, GE 110, and Personnel Relations, QE 107; however, other students and faculty members may at-
tend.
Dr. Sappington is considered an authority on Industrial Preventive Medicine and has many years of expei ience in the practice of Medicine and Surgery. He was the director of the Division of Industrial Health, of the National Safety Council, for several years. Dr. Sappington received the William S. Knudson Award for the most outstanding contributions to industrial medicine in 1938-1939, for his most recent book, “Medico-legal Phases of Occupational Diseases.” Dr. Sappington will also speak at the regular freshmen engineer lecture peiiod, tomorrow at 8 a.m. in Fowler Hall, e.h.a.
Teachers Will Visif Lafayette Schools Today, Tomorrow Progressive Education Association is holding the Indiana Regional Conference in the Union today and tomorrow. Lafayette, West Lafayette and Tippecanoe County schools will be visited by the educators, who will later discuss their observations with local teachers. The gathering is open to all school teachers, administrators and school board members of the state. Dr. S. S. Cromer of the Division of Education and Applied Psychology and chairman of the committee, has announced the list of educators and the schools they will visit. They are: Dr. James Burr, of Ohio State University, who will visit Lafayette schools; Dr. Virgil Rogers, superintendent of schools of River Forest, Illinois, who wll visit West Lafayette schools, and Dr. H. B. Masters of the Kellogg Foundation at Ba1;tle Creek, Michigan, who will visit several Tippecanoe County Schools. At the banquet tonight Dr. Stibphen Corey of theTTniversity of Chicago will speak on “American Youth and American Schools.” fife speech will be broadcast over WBAA at 7:30 p.m. Dr. E. Lowell* Kelley of the University will preside at the round table which will he broadcast at 6:30 p.m. Dr. Edward C, Elliott is to be the principal speaker at the general session tomorrow'^morning. He takes as (Continued on page 4) Aeromodelers Will HoU Meeting To Plan Contest Aeromodelers Club will hold aft informal meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 80 of the Union. The meeting will be held to make preparations for the coming indoor contest which will be held in the Fieldhouse Sunday from 9:30 a. m. to 5 p. m. It will be open to all builders who have indoor models. The discussion will pertain to the characteristics of the indoor modhl and the certain properties that thdy have. All those interested in the contest are asked to attend the meeting tonight, w.s.
WBAA Technical Staff Creates Wide Variety Of Sound Effects
Military Ball Word was received from the cashier’s office last night that all tickets to the Military Ball have been sold.
Methodist Foundation Will Hold Masquerade Wesley Foundation is sponseving a Halloween party tonight at 8 o’clock in the Agiiculture Pavilion for all members and friends. An evening of games is planned, and prizes will be awarded for the best masquerade costumes. Martha Brown is chairman of the game committee, and is being assisted by Darrell Roach, Ed Gilbert, Dave Folger, Doris Rockwell, Mary Beth Dayhuff, Emma Lizenby, and Gladys Basinger, m.j.l.
By Don Brewer ' “If you want the sound of an African native sleeping in a tropical jungle, we can give it to you,” says Fred Conger, WBAA production manager. “Or,” he adds, “if you want to hear the sound of an Eskimo sneezing in sub-zero weather, we’ve got that too.” Mr. Conger, veteran at WBAA in sound effects, and the sound men of the station, have at their disposal 'many queer pieces of appaiatus used for creating sound. From four to eight dramatic programs a week require some type of sound effects, the more important ones being “Radio Stage,” “Lafayette Little Theater,” “Progress of Purdue,” and “Religious Drama.” Sound Staff Members Members of the sound staff working with Mr. Conger are Bill Warrick, James Hobson, Harry Bellows, and Bill Miller. When the sciipt calls for the sounds of a horse clomping down a brick street, the boys get out two coacoanut shells and bang them together in front of the microphone. And if Dobbin is attached to a buggy or wagon an effects-man turns a crank on a queer contraption made of tin cans and toy wheels and the radio listener “sees” a real horse and buggy parading down the street. Tramp, Tramp, 'Framp “Tramp, tramp, tramp” go troops marching gloriously into a conquere# village as one of the sound men pounds a long string of blocks on a wodden table. If he wants
hunters to stalk big game throngh grass and underbrush, he pats the business end of a broom up to th6 mike and rustles the straws a little bit. Probably the most interesting, and most technical of WBAA's sound producing equipment is a large black case fronted with a panel of many small buttons. This elecr trical mind produces the sotmd of a striking clock, telephone bell, flarefe types of doorbells, an automobile horn, a siren, and the sound 6f a telegraph sounder. Large Record File All of WBAA’s sound effects are not invented in the radio station's studios. Most of them, in fact, come from 10-inch records which are kept in the station record files. Almost a bundled records are available. If the engineer wants to he can send out over the air a continual, never-ceasing rain, or, if he desiies, he can have wild apimaty, .fresh from the jungles through tha courtesy of Frank Buck. “You name it—we’ve got it,” Conger sayA Helpful to the use of the sound records is a new dual turn-table built duiing the summer and donated to WBAA by Bill Wandch, member of the sound staff. ’ Only one thing really wovriW Conger and the boys about thihr sound effects job. They now itondiat how they are going to sound of sumise and sunsei: K new astronomical program tvh&))L fe being contemplated. Doh*^ ureSfitik They probably have it do|wd mit ||- ready.
S'Colunin
liASt Saturday we attended our first homecoming. .Quite-an institution it has turned out Bat above and beyond the sentimental and retu^ of the old bpys, to the .experienced eye of an army sergeant. It has all the training features of a month on maneuvers. St . • ' iphink of the toughening. The hardening process. JPcfli' i^tance. iWe ilearn all about how to be engineers in school. .Almost. . As long as we have a textbook and a formula and a fabtoey it is easy. Any dern fool can substitute in a formula. Except us. * H! But that is neither chemical nor biological. The real, the acid test for army engineers. The one which prttves actual mechanical ability is making those hofnecoining decorations . . . Stand up. It's a battle of wits and cardboard and paint and bailing wire. Against time and structural impossibilities. And Indiana weather.
'■AH a^H^d .feature, due fp the faHt that .no one ever begfins actual construction iuntil After all storea have closed on Friday, is the bhenotftinal skill developed. ' - -IrtTiving off tte land, . ^ And speaking of living off the land the fraternity certainly does it’s part. Gets you used to army life. You wait at the end of a long line of alumni and fi-iends. At least they look like alumni and should be fxieuds because ... They’re eating the food. ill * :ic ' Then just as ypu reach the table; and your stomaoh is already fighting jt Out .with; your back hone -you findi.' .''1 , •’ ■ ■ '■ Nothing is left but the baked beans. ^ V Of course there is also the matter of sleep, A, weighty problem. However a few mghts on a hardwood floor can get almdst anyone . i’ '. ' ^ Used to a cot on order. •'ll III IN And last of all the rooms. Full of people we mean. ‘ It’s just a taste. Of course there is one big difference between homecomings and the army. When a brother or an alupvnus borrows your clothes you can tell it.. . By looking at him. IN IN IN • May it be then that in spite of goyernment priorities that the army will recognize the homecoming’s intrinsic values and place it along with England on the list of . , . “Tihere will always be a.”—dkh
MERKV-aO'
By Drew Pearson and Bpbert S. Allen Attfl Cj;onie$ l^esierl' WAbblifig Isdatlpnisf' Movement ’*WASHINGTON, Oct. 30, 1941.— Inner America First, circles are .fehurning over reports that Senator Burt Wheeler plus cronies are thinking of climbing off the wobb|ling isolationist band wagon. other two are Republican Senators ,C. Wayl^*^^ (“Guriy”) Brooks of 111., and Raymond E. Willis of Indiana. Publicly, the three are still talking isolationism in calliope pveii’tioihes. ‘ But what gives significant color to the inside word that they are looking for a way out was their stand'bn the last lend-Iease bill. Wil vigorously opposed by America Fifst. But none of them tpok any part in ,the debate. Willis wasn’t even in Washington. Brooks finally voted for the bill. And Wheeler Midn’t vote at all. A-irthe other redhot isolationists lined up against the measure. According to word reaching worried America First chiefs, Wheeler is disturbed over the type of eleipenls forging to the front in the ' isolationist movement, particularly in local America First units. Close intimates say he was shocked by .the groups he encountered at America First rallies during his recent trarisrcontinental speaking junket. The big hitch on Wheeler’s switching oyer is his vendetta with Bbosevelt. If a way could be found -to bring the two together, the Montana -Senator might take the leap 'and desert his present cronies. But getting the two men together is a big order, as feeling between them is very bitter. Wheeler has long hated Roosevelt and the feeling is heartily reciprocated. Political Pressure Behind 'the- undercover wobbling of Brooks and Willis is plain political pressure. Both are under plenty of it in their states. Brooks comes up for election next year and already several prominent
Illinois Republicans are squaring off to run against him bn his isolationism. One is Bill Blackett, Chicage business leader and former National Committeeman, who vigorously supported Wendell WiUkie’s militant demand that the GOP abandon its isolationism. Another is William F. Waugh, former Illinois American Legion iCommander, who also has demanded united support behind Roosevelt’s foreign policy.' Politicos close to Brooks say that the chief factor keeping him from bolting is the powerful Chicago Tribune. This arch isolationist, Roose-velt-hating paper played a big VP.l.® ih Brooks’s election lib® jhside political Word is that he is fearful of bringing down its fury on his Willis faces ■ no- campaign next year, but when he returned to Indiana recently he was startled by the change in sentiment on the foreign issue—particularly among Republican leaders after Willkie’s fighting pronouncement. The local boys told Willis that public opinion -was yeering strongly against isolationispi and that Willkie’s stock in Indiana was higher now than it had been evCn during the 1940 campaign. The politicos advised Willis to watch his step and not get caught out on a limb on the foreign issue, as it would ,-hurt the party’s state ticket next year. What the Indiana Senator does remains to be seen, but meanwhile America First generalissimos are losing sleep. Note: Republican insiders predict that it won’t be long before Representative Joe Martin, smart National Chairman, will climb off the isolationist wagon and follow Willkie’s lead on foreign policy. "Pepper Endorses Hifler" At a formal reception'in Washington, German newsman Kurt Sell was introduced to militant anti-iso-lationist Senator Claude Pepper of Florida. Onlookers held their breaths. But^—-they got along beautifully. - High point of the conversation was -when Pepper paid a compliment to the German system. “The totalitai’ian system,” he observed, “provides a certain discipline -which is necessary in this niachine age.” “You are right. Senator!” exclaimed Sell, and then added with a grin, “I think I should run out and send a news bulletin to Berlin —■ “Flash, Pepper endorses Hitler!” Mrs. Roosevelt's Taxes Next March, Mrs. Roosevelt will pay her largest income tax. Her .income is higher, and so is the tax rgte. Principal new item is the $52,000 from her radio sponsors, the Pan Ariierican Coffee Bureau. The BuI’eau’s seven coffee-producing countries have chipped in to. pay the First Lady $2,000 for each weekly 15-minute broadcast for 20 weeks. Actually, she will egru only
Half of this sum during this cglend^ar year, the remainder in 1942. The tax on the $26,000 earned in 1941 will co'me to $17,330. This is based on the Saife assupip.tiou that Mrs. Roosevelt’s iiicppme is already in the $75,000 bracket, and thus the added radio income is taxed at a righ rate. Formerly, the entire revenue from Mrs. Roosevelt’s radio broadcasts went to charity. The sponsor paid the entire amount direct to the Friends Service Committee and Mrs. Roosevelt never saw the check. But Congressman Ham -Fish accused her of evading taxation, and now Mrs. Roosevelt deducts from the income whatever is- necessary to meet taxes, and pays the balance to charity. The result is—ithanks to Ham Fish—ithat charity’s share is far less, and the principal beneficiary is the Bureau of Infernal Revenue. Virulent Rep-Tapitis Phil ■foung, hard-woi’king son of General Electric’s .Owen D. Young, is taking himself so seriously in the olRce of Lend-Lease Administration that he is holding British orders up for .three and four -weeks. Young Young has a habit of sending hack British applications for vvar material with requests that ikey give details as to why they need this or that—-despite the fact that his job is not supposed to be one of policy. Questions of policy are decided by higher-ups. Young’s favorite practice is to receive a British request, hold it three or four weeks, then bounce it back to the British for “justification.” Delays have become so bad that Ed Stettinius, superior to Young, has had to step-in and try to eliminate some of the red tape. Note: A year ago, Young complained to Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthavr that Joe Green of the State Department was holdingup British shipments with too much red tape. Looks like red-tapitis was the most contagious disease in the
Capital.
Army Notes Lt. Colonel R. Ernest DuPu5^, able, popular chief of the , War Department’s press section, is the Army’s outstanding- author. Among DuPuy’s books are “If W^r Cqqies, World in Arms, Perish by the Sword, Where They Have Trod, which is rated as the best non-fiction volume ever wi-itten about West Point. (Copyright, 1941, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.) Prof. D.P. Ewing . . . will attend the annual meeting- of the Board of Trustees apd tl^ Homecoming- Celebration at Ohio Northern University, Ada, Ohio, this week. Professor Ewing' is an alumnus of Ohio Northern University and has served on the Board of Trustees for three years.
Shbhhbbhh—don’t look at your pdckethoqks npyVj^bvt here it, is jPrN ,diay .gguiu .gnd .t.k.s .HgewhUig .wother week-end with lots to do and lots of places to sjiend that check frqm .hpiHe w.e ai:e still .prayiiigs -far.)'.- There "ispothingl like, a good long >Veek.-iend with lots of costume dances to play havoc with those Monday morning tests! . WQOiH?'Extra! Toni|:ht isHhe night! The first two of eight sorority pledge dances will...be held tonight, as the Kappa^^'^d Pi Phis begin ;festivities at 9 p. m.- ■ WGOH?, Kappa Kappa Gamma will stage their annual affair in the north hallrooin of the Union, and tke girls have hired Irv .Given and his orchestra to play for the three hours of dancing. WGOH? Hallowe’en -Will be the theme of the annual pledge dance at the' Pi Beta Phi house. Costumes will be the style and Mapi-y 'vvill be the hapd. WGOH? Ah! Yes! On ,pur^ schedule for dances tonight we fipd the Sigma Chi’s have everything in readiness for their “Bowery Ball.” The annual pledge dance will he in the local Bighouse and will give the “sliding” downbeat at 9 sharp. WG.OD? South ballroom of the Union will .be filled .with those a,ttending the Barnyard Frqlic tonig-ht. No platter what you see ,oi- .where you see it^don’t be.lieve it; as this is Hallowe’en night and also the night of the fi-olic. Tpose going to tpe Barnyard H.ance may be without shoes, in red shirts, overalls, or in anything that is kecoming to wear at suck a dance, pvei-yope is inyite(j, sp let’s plan to attend. This way you can save dough (jrou don’t have to get your new suit cleaned and pressed) as .everything will be strictly “informal.” H. J. leed To Speak At Nutrilion School Dean H. J. Reed of the School of Agriculture is to give the address of welcome at the second, annual nutrition school to be held in the Union Thursday, Nov. 6, at 9 a. m. Dr. D. M. Doty will preside Thursday morning, and Dr. W. Y. Lambert will be in charge of the afternoon session. j Speaking- on foodstuffs will be Fred K. Sale, secretary of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association, of Indianapolis; P. B. Curtis; Frank J. Holt of Aurora, Illinois; C. L. Shrewsbury; J. H. Hilton; F. B. Morrison, Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y.; C. W. Carrick and C. R. Donham. C. R. Donham will be the toastmaster at the dinner Thursday evening, and the speaker will be Prof. Frank R. Hall, of the history staff. . , - Friday morning, Nov. 7, informal conferences -will be held at the Poultry Building, Agi-icultural Experiment Station Annex and Smith
Hall.
A registration fee of $1.50 will be charged in order to defray the expenses of conducting the school and of making available copies of the addresses, a.l.w.
• • . fo ft
Well, well, ,welk what.'we- won’t heav nexto.This time it’s the .anrazing news that Frankie Thompson is going steady with Kappa Sig’ Gqurley* and she has a:P,hi Gain pin, too. Have you decided not to be true to the Army, Ftattkie? i . Somebody hnnked us*‘a card the other day with the following written on it. “Jt looks as though Phi Delt Gene Katterjohn has found out that tkei-e aa-e a few other sororities on campus besides the Thetas-^too bad Emily.” It’s too complicated for us so we’il let you figure it out. ,, And speaking of contribs, here’s a poem that somebody sent us: “Little Jack Horner Sat in the corner Dreaming of days gone by, And along camei—^Yoeman? Could they by any chance mean Jan Yeoman of the Kappa house, and if so, who is little Jack Horner. Your guess is as .good as ours. Poor little Ginny Reynolds can’t seem to get away frbm the wolves at all these days. They even follow her, to the Sweet Shop. We noticed Leniiie Kitts keeping- a wary eye on her the other day and hear that he wants to meet her dad. Good luck, Lennie, you’ll need it. And speaking of Wolves, there are also lots of the teiepkone variety on this campus. If yoii don’t believe us, just ask “Shan” Mills. Her phone has been used so much that the darn thing is literally worn to a frazzle. In fact, when she picks it up and puts it to hir ear, she gets a shock in more than one way. The penalty of popularity. While we’re , in the Residence Halls, we might as well tell you about the deplorable waiter situation over in South Hall. Why, it’s even gotten so the head waiter, Dick Hurd, keeps the President, Betty Willingham, in the dining hall at lunch every day long after everybne else has left. It seems, though, that Betty’s last name is not only Willingham, but that she’s also very willing, so why worry, pome “How fat she was, She used to wasn’t The reason is. She daily doesn’t.” With that we leave you. Don’t you people know where the Exponent box is, Or aren’t you interested?
Todnay On WBAA
10:00'—News 10:10—Curio Man 10:16—Music / 10:30—WBAA Presents 10:45-riTkeatre of Song 11:00—^“European History” with .. Prof. :V. L. Albjerg 1L:60—^Purdue, News 12:00—Agricultural Forum 12:16—Meet the Band 12;46i—(Plexible for special events) 1:00—Souvenirs 1:30—Life for Wild Life 1:46—Markets 2:00—A'Story a Day 2:15—Parent Forum 2:'30—■Moods in Music 3:00—News 3:10—Music 3:16—Marjorie Williamson, singer 3:30—Special Musical Series* Lafayette Music Society 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Mr. A. P. Stewart’s Music Organizations 4:45.—Little Miss Muffett 6:00—just Relax 5:15—Music 5:30—Ve.spers 5:45—iCurio Man5:60—News 6:00—Dinner Music 6:30—Sports 6:4,5—Next Week at Purdue' 7:00—Lafayette Little Theati-e 7:30—Inquirin.g Rc'porter 7:45—Alberta Sehmadel, singci' )—Marching Along )—Russ Graefnitz, pianist )—Eventide Echoes )—^South American Way )—Union Mixer Band 1—;Mixer Interviews
)—News
Special High School Math Courses To Help Family Special courses in mathematics to make easier in. later . years the chores of figuring the faniily bud-' get. and the cost of a, tankful of gasoline for the car are advockted by la Colorado professor for kigk school students who do not plan to go to . college. Two separate curricula in mathematics are the plan of Dr. Harl R. Douglass, college of education director for the University of Colorado and author of several math-, .’■ematical texits. “Since; yai-ious types of calculation are needed more and more in daily life, the curriculurn for those , not going- to college should be made practical,” the professor says. “Up of the automobile, for example, has greatly stimulated use ,of mathematics in suck problems as calculating- time and distance. The person -who isn’t good at arithmetic is handicapped in his vocation, his purchases, and in other phases of
living.”
Professor Douglass advocates a four-year high school program of arithmetic, algebra and geometry for the geperal student, and a a.peeial three-year program of algebra, geometry and trigonometry .for those preparing for college. Patronize Exponent Advertisers
fiivuLm, £xpDnsmL All-American 1940-'4I
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress i.ojf (Itlarch 3, J879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1(017, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular acaddmic year ,and yveeidy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail sub- . qcrjptiona, $4.00,
Editor-in-chief.. Editor
..Ked A. Ochiltree Bueiness Manaeer.. ..John L. Traugott Managine Editor... PhM Johnson Coed Editor
Don S. Powers Leland. "iV. Ruffner J. Pvth jR®^®
Publication $taff
* ' Associate Editors
^.JEdiforlAl Staff: J. E. Amos, J. H. Armstrong, D. T.
a'' ■ E. L.«H8dley, F. J. Jones, K. G. Kieper.
^ Sport* Staff: O. T, Clark, J. D. Fraser, J. S. Keeler, Stfiff.r Mary K. Boynton, Alice ChatftelU, Jane RarasdeU.
Brophy,
Bpsiness Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager: Lee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. Saxton: Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell; Accounts Manager: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenben-y, Francis Lloyd, Julia Martin.
.fditorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 ' editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., Colicge Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Day Editor: Chatfield Reporters: Lauer, Ahrens, Slone. Wickard, D. Ochiltree, Sports Editor: jlCeeler Klossgn, Goode, Ral'ert, Sumniers, Hoffman, Starr, Huston.
'Night Editor: Jones Jssue Editor i J. o!' Smith
A V.f.%
^'1
%
sj,wf ‘ . '■:^^<^m'f!^pmMf ' 'f0t'
i
#!»»!!,
^Aiaito'mjllWIWWWiagmWUllUiHMWIIllftM^^
MtimWWWWBBW
MpiMiMi|i<
Rams Face Crucial l^st Cr«5s-C®iifc3f ifep Meeb W^ew Mf
lomspw 1^ KsIibbszm III final Dual Meet
Holding a brief one bovir drill befo^’e train time, the Rivjeter grid ^^tia’d Wfettt ffifoftth' th^it fiiiM'^hoih.e' p^fepm^^'ftioJhi's, A Idi^t min'nte dh6ok-u’b'dli’‘mi\iWiEis ^hdW^*'thht J06-6;$i>pt4tM''^om-my Meltoh and'balfbabk'Kbhtty ^ittdic-k*'vldH *dfefinM^^ hw be able to bl^y ^gaihst' tbe IFdrdham Ealm&. ' -if n >, r p “tt-He ^qiiad left 'ai^ S:30 foi* ,
Yo!rk what® they will be quartered ikt'the Westchester Country Glub. The Notice Dame Ramblers whb are ndeeting Army in Yankee Stadium ^also are staying there. The Rams
jdhd Boilermakers will ^ash at 2:00 E»S.T. at the Polo Grounds “where ,the Rose Hill men play their home
games.
^aths Fourth In iNation Fordham', already the fourth (ranking team in the nation, faces jtheir 'last main obstacle in the road (to an Undefeated season. After the iBbilermakern their * schedule calls jfdl* only minor teams. ' Selected for national leadership ;at the start of the season, the Rams have fuMlHed the experts’ predictions. The main losses from last year were in the line which lost John Kuzman and Joe Ungerer, the stellar ^tackles who fought the Texas Aggies to a standstill in the 1941 Sugar Bowl. This year the Rose Hill outfit features a dream backfield consisting of Jim Noble, Steve FiHipowicz, Jimmy Blumenstock, and Andrejco, a sophomore. Pilhpowicz’ deadly passing is feared by teams throughout the land, and it will be a constant threat to the Riveter secondaiy Who lead the nation in pass de-
fense.
Blumenstock was picked for star-
^ XOtVCHhAlrL - Fn4^, 31
Ward 26“ vY Ward' Id
12 vs Warn Z'i
at^ jiS vs Ward 22“
dqd
' rd 2S vs Ward 29
.pptein
Dfelta Upsilon vs Alpna Siema Phi
vs Ward 2d
'S Jl vs Ward 27 -|rty ,
8 vs Ward 28
Hall 0 vs Cary Hall 11 or 8 T^u Eipdilon Phi Vs Acacia il D4?U?'¥au Delta vs Phi Galnina Delta
Pjlidphaer
dOm at the start of his sophomore year. Last year he blossomed forth as one of the nation’s best fullbacks, and he wat the outstanding hack in the Sugar Bowl last January. Thus far his last season in a Pordham uniform has surpassed all the others.
The Boilermaker cross country team will make a bid for the first undefeated dual meet season in its history when it meets Western State jin iKalamazob, Michigan at 11 o'clock tomorrow morning. While the Riveter sguad is favored to win because ^of its impressive record thus far this season, the State te9,m is not to be treated as a pushover. Western State has also compiled a winnihg percentage which they are'endeavoring to better. , —
Seven To Go
/
Coach Herman Phillips will take seven men and a manager to Kala-' mazpo with him tomorrow afternoon at one o’clock when the squad leaves. The naipes of the seven follow: Captain Ed Holderman, Woody Appleton, Don Kemp, Darrell Roach,
Smith, fleet half back dn MinAe- “Gharhe Duesler, Keith McLaughlin, sota’s conference leading eleven. Bob Jaivis, and manager Vaughn
will hop* to repeat his, brilliant Hill.
85-yard touchdown jaunt which cljqched the title for the Minnesota boys last year, as he leads the Gophers in Saturday’s battle with Northwestern. Mike Byelene . . . the Boilermaker backfield star of the past three grid campaigns, is now Lt. Michael Byelene, 160th Field Artillery, 38th Division, stationed at Camp Shelby, Miss. In addition to his militaiy
Now Using Four Mile Coqrse In their lecent practice sessions
A fine crop of sophomores have duties, Mike is now the star half- country.
ROSENTHAL^S 322 Main St. A STORE FOR YOUNG MEN McGREGOR SPORTSWEAR
bulwaiked the Ram gquqd this year. Pushing veterans for positions in the line are Tepo, an end, and Kovach, a centey who received much notice at the start of the season. Forepiost among these second year men is Andrejco a fiery halfback who has capably filled the shoes of
Len Eshmont.
The Riveter squad will be anxious to even the score Jf the series. In the seven games played thus far Fordham has won three, the Boilei makers have taken two, and one game has ended in a tie.
back on the “Cyclone” Division football team, which will clash with the U. S. Naval Air Base gridmen at Pensacola, Fla., tomorrow, while the Boilermakers meet the pnde:^eated gams of Fordham m New
York City,
Pulliam To Speak Nov. 14 During Guidance Progranji
Dr. Roscoe Pulliam, president of played that afternoon, w.h.c
Southern Illinois Noimal Univer-
sity, will spe^/k a't a dinner held Dean G, L Jenkins
Swimmers Will Start Campaign With Aquaeacle Coach Papenguth has just completed initial plans for this season’s water carnival. “The date for the aquacade this year has been set for November 28th and 29th and will
the Riveter'squad has been running promptly at eight o’clock on over a longer route than has been ^0*^ of these evenings. Tickets are the custom so far. They are doing cents, we had to so m order to get used to the four ^^ise the price due to taxes, and mile course which is utilized in the SO on sale next week; so people
coming Big Ten and State meets.
The State meet will be run on No- start selling them,” Papenguth 5aid. vember 8th and the Big Ten meet Papenguth apd on November 15th. Incidentally ^eam of swimmers are planning both of them are to be run on the hitting a new high for water Boilermaker course which is regard- carnivals. The University Glee Club ed as one of the trickiest in the been procured for musical at-
mosphere; at least three world champion swimmers will be here to
For the convenience of the many attempt to set new world records; students who will wish to see the there’ll be lots of comedy, strong Riveter squad attempt to an- addition of the Glee Club nex the first Big Ten crown in its .j-jjjg year will be something new as history, the meet will be run at acquacades are concerned, 12:45 instead of the usual 10:30. and it should lend g lot to the water
This is so spaced that students with ballets.
Satuiday classes will have a chance Features World Champions to see the race and also get home Patty Aspinall, the 15 year old in time to hear the broadcast of the ^orld champion breast stroker; Purdue-Wisconsin foqtball game to petty Beamis, who holds the world’s
Poultry
Ferry Street (Opposite Post Office)
Phone 5372
of the University pharmacy
440 yard free style ciown for wo-m-en; and Pete Reasor, nationally known diver from Illinois, will all be a part of the acquacade this year, and all three will attempt to set
will be held at 6 p.m Economics cafeteria.
Sessions of the conference, Nov. 14 to 16, will be held in the Union,
g.w s.
DON'T SMASH YOUR RADIO! If You’re Tired of Jazz and Swing I If for a Symphony You Long Come Into the Music Room And Play Your Favorite Song
JM^WtdjUSL TybmoiiaL Union-
during the annual two-day University Guidance Conference on Friday,
Nov. 14. Topic of Dr. Pulliam’s ad- school will attend a meeting in Phil- new world records in their respec-
dress will be “New Frontiers for the adelphia, Oct. 30 to Nov. 2, for the tive fields.
Guidance Movement.” The dinner revision of the United States Phar- Patty Aspinall arrived on the"
in the Home macopolia. The pharmacopolia es- campus last night to have hei first tabhshed the standards for many practice for the carnival in the Boil-
of the important drugs. A new edi- ^imaker pool, tion of this oflicial book of stan- Attempt World Records
dards is expected in January. The Boilermaker swimming squad
will also put forth a few candidates for world records at the aquacade. Joe Williamson, a Junior breaststioker, and Roy Heidke, a freshman breaststroker, will both take a crack at the world breaststroke rec01 d; and Johnnie Dilley, a sophomoie who Coach Papenguth rates as one 'of the three best backstiokers in the world, will attempt to break the world backstroke rec-
oid.
SWEET EBEAM DONUTS
from the
DONUT
623 Main Street Phone 46743
EDITOR’S NO’Ye: This column was written by Hal BoUdreao, Staff
f Ra.m$ Have ^veryilimg To Lose SW8'42345'''''^Tten%ftIetjcP'f6!bjtionS’’betWdAii Fordham and Pttrdne first commenced', the Ram has feared and mspected'the BotlefjEaaker. This year the same attitude toward Pardues's StrddgitlF prevails on the Rose Hill gridironv imepifo of the reeorfld'Of botK allegations up to the present. The coaching staff and playfetil' riea^:^ that Purdue hhs everything to gain by a victory And Fordham haA'eym^hing to lose by a defeat, thus, with an eye to our iinblethiilted' padtj'^WiF*^shall aspire to, and fight fbr, an unblemished future. > ' ' - : -s* I#7S‘nb longer a secret that a Boilermaker is not only a potent drink, but also a powerful football machine. Coach Jim Crowley,'r^ogflizing tbisipoint, nannot be acbused of over-confidence in any way. Itl^rted fact leaves no doubt in the sensible mind coneeminy^lie li^greSsi^ness of the 'Riveteri^,^eonsequently, our'footballers are wbi^feng’rHtiSi^ewed vigor and determination. Purdue’s performances against ^OhiO'Sttftb and Iowa are evidence enough to instill admiration and ^aUtkm into the fortitude of the best and Fordham is certainly not the best. • Petty To Be Stopped Nor is it a secret that a fullback named Petty is a coach’s dream. Good triple threat backs are rare and Purdue is fortunate enough to possess one of these oddities. As a result, the Maroon will concentrate its efforts to halt the growing list of Petiy's achievements. Since the Purdue co-captains and guards are reputedly two of the country's best, and since we too feel that in Capt. Larry Sartori, Tom Benne#, and Charley Pierce are a trio of extra-specials in the guard department, the center of the line should prove an interesting stage come Saturday at 2 p. m. f Fordiianii'G Lipe Though the Rams lost five first team pillars from 1940’s squad, five very capable replacements have blossomed forth. In Joe Sabasteanski, we have a typical Ram pivot—a giant on defense and a giant kiUer on defense. Tackles A1 Santilli and Steve Ifudacek are two who n^^tt bave seen more action last year if iron-meu Kuzman and UngCirer had not been 60-minute athletes. At the end spot vacated by Vince D«™ery» junior Stan Ritinski has placed his heft with very gratifying results. • Watch This ,Bpy Joe Andrejco, the only sophomore in the starting lineup, has bgen elected to fill the gap left by Len Eshmont. So far he has done a noble piece of work on such an assignment. No doubt Purdue is famBinr with Jim Blumenstock, who is the spearhead of the Maroon attach^, Steve Filipowicz, one of those rare triple threat fullbacks, Jim Noble and Claude Pieculewicz, two brainy field generals and Ed Shedlosky, g speed merchant climax runner. There are others, Babula, Cheverko, Ososid and Malley, who but for expeiience are on a par with the veteran gi'idders. Probably the most outstanding and certainly tjxe ipoat "Consistent man on the team is right end Jim Lansing. Adept at diagnosing plays, a gum-fingered pass catcher and a vicious blocker, Lansing is probably the best end Fordham has seen in many moons.
Rams Not Optimistic
O&TUKE Authentic styling coixibinecj with pi^rfect fitting qualities and extra comfort n^ake Fortune Shoes America's leading brand in this popular price range. See our complete line of snjart new Fortunes. B & W SHOE CO.
127 N. 4th Street
Thus, with neither pessimism nor optimism ‘to impair their vision, the Rams will enter Saturday’s melee. We expect from Purdue a bitter battle and a hard earned victory and we realize that Purdue expects the same from us, so until November 1st at approximately 4:30 p. m., let there be no comment!
Specially designed with suction outsoles for quick starts and stops. Duck uppers are built high jii;i back to Injure snug fit.
Elmer Oliphant . . . the Boilermaker gridiron immortal, who is now an executive in the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., in New York City, will be in a real quandary tomoirow afteinoon when the Riveters play undefeated Fordham in the Polo Grounds, while Aripy is clashing with Notre Dame across the river in the Yankee Stadium. It’s a safe bet that “Ollie,” who first won gi idiron fame here from 1910 to 1914, and then went on to West Point where he won All-American honors, will want to see both of these inteisectional grid classics.
Sold ex clusiveiy c/'f
y ~^f i~.~ "m —j-
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
University Booli Store Across From Union d” Sammons ’29 “Doc” Epple ’40
Pipe Research Association To Sponsor Movies Today Moving picture entitled “Health and the Cycle of li^gter” wBl be shown in room 201 of the CiYil Engineering Building at 1 p. m. today. The subjects of water purificainom and sewgge treatment and theii* value to the commpnifcy will be Hi? lustrated- The movie will be sbewh|^ by a representative of the Cast Iron Pipe Research Association, Delta Qamma .. . social sorority, will hold their annual pledge dance at Hte Pairgrounds Saturday evening from 9 to 12. Western and popular music will be provided by private band, and Delta Gams and their dateSYrill ride horaes around the sawdust circle in one of the larger buildings between dances. Refreshments will consist of barbeques, roasted over a bonfire, eider and doughnuts. Proper feminine attue for the outing wiB be sweaters and jodphurs, skirts or slacks. Men will di’ess accordingly. a.l.s.
attention STOKEH OWNiHS SELF DEFENSE is HOME TWmSEi Protect yourself by purchasing High Heat, Low Ash, Trouble Free, Economical Deep Vein Stoker Coed. —GUARANTEE— Deep Vein coals are guaranteed to give complete satisfaction us and Deep Vein Coat Company; or coal removed and value of unused portion cheerfully refunded.
/
The Guarantee Itself Merits a Trial Ton Today Indiana Deep Vein 10 mesh Tr. Stoker Indiana Deep Vein 3i>c2 Range Indicma Deep Vein 6x3 Egg
mop
Indiana De^ep Vein 6" Itump
NORTH STAR COAL
PtiQno 24050yp^^'
#V“'-
wmm
Purdue Hixponmt > 0iS^,(fctb^r 31^19^.
-UT- ^ r tiN '
Itv.
Lucky Tyrone!
There’s never a blackout when Betty Grable’s around—that’s what star Tyrone Power thinks in his latest picture for 20th Century-Fox, “A Yank in the R. A. F.” which is scheduled to open Saturday at the Mars Theatre. Highlighting the thrilling picture are the actual combat photographs taken by the K. A. F. in action and processed into the film.
Current Book Reviews
Editor’s Note: This is one of a series of articles by members of the staff of the University Library and student assistants. It was written this week by Fred Vollmer, Miss Lemenager, Gilbert Freeman, Miss Schlundt, Miss Hopkins, Miss Sullivan, and Mrs. Sperling. The extent to which the development of a community is influenced by the topography of the area is %vell illustrated in THE BRANDYWINE by Henry Seidel Canby. This book traces the effect of that river upon the economic, political and social life of the inhabitants of its valley. The gradual development of Delaware and Pennsylvania and the city of Wilmington is traced with emphasis upon the part the river played in that development. The water that was the highway for fur trading became the power for eaily milling operations. Brandywine flour became a standard of quality and a standard for price in the post 1 evolutionary peiiod. When we.stern development robbed this section of flour milling superiority the development of duPont powder took its place. The effect of the heterogeneity of the people (Quakers, Swedes, English, French) upon the Battle of Brandywine is illustiated by the author. The Quakers, who refused to take sides in the revolution, failed to warn Washington that he was being flanked and he was almost defeated at that time. The book ends with a brief insight into the early life of the author on the 1 iver. This is one of a series of books using rivers as their theme. It affords an ideal method of describing the history, of a comprunity. The illustrations done by Andrew Wyeth add to the descriptive value of the book. For thrills of various sorts read NO LIFE FOR A LADY by Agnes Morley Cleaveland. Utterly devoid of all “isms” but Westernism this tale of elder America transports the reader to the Southwest as it once was and never more will be; peopled not with dude ranchers but with cattle barons and their entourage. Pathos and gaiety go hand in hand through the tale to make up one of the most interesting non-fic-tion stories written. Not tiuly educational or of vital world importance, it seems refreshing in its lack of politics and fear. The narrative is vividly written but has a truly authentic tone. In this book you’ll meet Agnes Morley and her kid brother Ray, who she never let do anything she couldn’t — Gene Rhodes and his wife, Mary and Maitha, Clay Allison, outlaw unique, who turned lespeetable and died prosaically by falling from a lumber wagon — Thi'ee-Fingered Pete, who could almost outride Miss Agne.s — little Jimmy, only ten, who needed car-ti-idgeiS for his thirty-two. These, and many more, make the l^ook alive. Those who enjoy the wit and humor of Dorothy Parker will appreciate TIME FOR A QUICK ONE by Margaret Fishback. This is the fifth of this authoi’s lively works on everyday life; the things that happen to you and me, but particularly to the New Yorker. This light verse reflects life in every line, from weather to women and then buck to man. The entire hook con«
tains humorous lines of easily read verse which dramatize the things that many people let pass without a thought. One should read the book not with the expectancy of learning anything new but with the thought of being amused. Every line in this little book, which could be read in an hour, packs a punch. For example her poem. Matrimonial Note: Night Shift, “I like to hear him toss about— It proves he’s in instead of out.” Poems of this type are found on every page of Margaret Fishback’s newest book. , Books on war themes continue to clog the presses and fill the book shops and among these the fighting pilot is given much attention. What does a pilot think and feel as he goes on a bombing raid, a night flight, or descends in a parachute? What are his fears, his thoughts about life and death? These are some of the things one comes to understand and feel in reading ENGLAND IS MY VILLAGE by John Llewelyn Rhys. Rhys started flying in 1934 and served in the R.A.F. from 1935 until he was killed in action in August, 1940. He always wanted to do two things: he wanted to fly and he wanted to write, so he combined the two and wrote about flying. The book contains ten of his stories and takes its title from the first story in the book which was one of the last he wrote. It tells of a bombing raid over enemy territory and the leturn to England, the land he knew so well that he could truly say that it was like his village. Some of the other stories were written earlier — before the war. One telling of a veteran test pilot’s descent in a parachute and another describing the fear of a pilot on his first flight after a crash are especially good. All are written in clear, clean prose with no unnecessary fiills. Writing wa'.s not easy for Rhys but it was something he wanted to do and felt he had to do. In reading the selections consecutively one finds much repetition in phi ases, aeronautical terms, and situations, yet this very repetition seems to give one a clear understanding of the mechanism and parts of a plane and the precision and accuiacy ever necessary in fly-
ing.
In all the stories one feels ‘ the sensiti\e peiception of the writer, his lonelines.s, and his fatalistic attitude toward death. The biographical preface written by his wife, who is herself a writer and a flyer, is as interesting a story as any of the others and one cannot leave this book without believing that could Rhys have lived he would have had a biilliant carter as a writer. Those who enjoy ironical cartoons about the present world crisis will want to read LOW ON THE WAR. The author, David Low, is one of the leading political cartooni.sts in England today, and many people in this country have become familiar with his work either from hi.s fir.st book, A CARTOON HISTORY OF OUR TIMES, or from 1 eproductions of his drawings that appear frequently in the New York Times. A brief description and the ]iubiitation date beneath each pictuie give background material, and the cartoons are arianged in chronological order from the start of the wai- in 19.39 to the present. The authoi; has a keen insight into
Breeders Will Auction 60 Cattle Tomorrow Buyers from many sections of the country are expected to attend the annual consignment sale of the Indiana Hereford Breeders’ Association which will be held at the Livestock Judging Pavilion tomorrow at 12:30 p.m.^ , Sixty head of cattle, including nine bulls and cows which ranked as high winners in their respective classes at the last Indiana State Fair, will be sold at auction by Earl Martin, Greensburg, and W. V. Eastburn, Lafayette, w.e.r. Minnesota Develops New 2-Seater Glider Something mew in gliders has been developed at the University of Minnesota’s aeronautical engineering laboratory. It is the product of a Northwest Airlines engineer’s designing and the tireless effort of a crew of university students. NX34222 is the only name the new glider has. It will remain unchristened until after it has passed federal tests. It weighs a scant 500 pounds, takes off and lands at 30 miles an hour, has Reached 75 miles an hour in a dive and is expected to go faster in later tests. The designs of the glider is owned by the University Plying club. If later tests bear out the excellent performance of the pidmary flights, chances are good it will become popular throughout the glider-flying world. NX34222 differs from ordinary commercial gliders in three respects: 1. It has two seats instead of one, each with a complete set of cont)'ols permitting first-hand’instruc-
tion.
2. It is rugged enough to stand student training abuse. 3. It has given high performance in maneuvers and has sufficient strength to permit towing behind an airplane.
Livestock And Poultry School Will Convene To Discuss Genetics Fundamentals of genetics and the results of important recent genetic research will be the main topics under discussion at the Livestpek and Poultry Breeder’s School to be held on the campus November 13
to 15.
Among the subjects to be discussed are: heredity at work; variation—an asset or liability; selection in the breeding program; artificial breeding—its possibilities and hazards; sterility and reproduction problems; disease resistance and lethal characters; inbreeding and linebreeding; sib and progency testing and round-table consideration of individual breeder’s prob-
lems.
Dairy, poultry and livestock breeders from all pai’ts of the state are expected to attend this meeting conducted jointly by the Experiment Station, School of Agriculture and the Agricultural Extension Service. Col. E. N. Wentworth, Chicago, director of research for Armour and Co., will be the principal speaker at a banquet Thursday evening, Nov. 13. d.e.b.
world affairs, and a quick wit. By turns, he displays the absurd, ridiculous side of the war, and then the tragic side, but his cartoons are always apt and timely. Vacation, travel, music, flowers, spies, and Gestapo; if such things interest you and you need a few hours of relaxation you’ll find ABOVE SUSPICION by Helen Maeinnes just the book. The suspense of this light, swifty moving novel will completely absorb you. Mr. and Mrs. Myles are a delightful English couple )vho usually spend their summers traveling in Europe. They are selected to do just that with the paramount purpose of discovering if a key man in a system for helping political prisoner’s escape from Germany has fallen into the hands of the Gestapo. From the time they leave Oxford until the Brenner Pass episode as they depart from Germany their days are filled with intrig'ue, entanglements and hairbreacl.th escapes. Ordinarily spilling a glass of Cointreau might be just anrother after-dinner happening but this time for Frances and Richard Myles it signified the beginning of auto chases, abductions, disgsuises and false passports. You’13 be charmed by Frances and her crose, a cue that plays a definite roile in the story, and captivated by Richard and his Baedaeker reflecitions which unfold the course of Their wanderings. You’ll admire the couple’s intelligence and become ctware of their astuteness through th b gay repartee that abounds throu ghout the novel.
STUDENTS!! A Small List of Regjalar Prices — Yardley Shave ]3owl....li!l.00 Mennen Skin Bracer.. .39 Burma Shave, tube ’ .29 Max Factor Pancake ( Makeup 1.50 Vitalis r *39 Jergen’s Lotion .39 Listerine .23 Coty Lipstick r- *50 fpana Toothpaste ....... .39 Cashmere Bouquet Soap, 4 for .26 UNIVERSITY DRUG STORE
Teachers Will (Continued from page 1) his subject “Hindsight and Foresight.” Dr. Corey is also to speak at this meeting and Dr. S. S. Cromer is the presiding chairman. Thirteen group meetings will be held later tomoi’i’ow morning, with discussions of every field of education. Dr. L. A. Cook, Ohio State University, will address the group on “Education’s Role in National Defense” after the luncheon. Dr. George Axtelle of Northwestern University will also speak. Dr. Grace Langdon, Waschington, D. C., will be featured as the main speaker of the luncheon tomorrow in the south ballroom of the Union. Dr. Langdon, president of the National Association of Nursery Education and member of the Board of Directors of Progressive Education Association, will discuss “What Is Happening to America’s Children.” The University Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, and the University Orchestra, directed by J. M. Ragains, will furnish music during the luncheon. T. R. Johnston, directc)' of information of .the University,
will preside, a.l.w.
Classified Ads
Money to Loan: on anything of value. Albert’s Loan Office. Pawnbrokers and
Jewelers. 407 Columbia St.
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented, repaired, and purebahed. Mimeograph woik done. C. J. Ebershoff, 606 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Wanted: Experienced student soda clerks. Thirty cents per hour. Apply G. O. Arbuckle,
Cary Hall South.
Lost; A Lambda Chi Alpha fraternity badge, some place between Sixth and Waldron streets and the Stadium in West Lafayette. Finder please get in touch with the president of the Lambda Chi Alpha fra-
ternity.
For Sale: Man’s full dress suit, beautifully tailored: worn a lew times; a bargain. Phone 66632. Lost on campus, a slide rule. Name on case. R. L. Burtner, Tel. 4031. , Lost: Sigma Nu pin. Finder please call Hal Knight, 8444. Reward.
Choir To Sing Today At 3:30 Over WBAA William Morgan, tenor, Betty Wedge, soprano, and Carolyn Wood will be featured in this afternoon’s WBAA broadcast at 3:30 by the Concert Choir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. The Choir’s theme, “Back to Old^ Purdue" will open the program, one of a weekly series of musical programs by Stewart’s organizations. The program is as follows: “Lord’s Prayer,” by Malotte; “Bejautiful Savior," by Christiansen, sung by Carolyn Wood; “Prayer is a Key to Heaven,” sung by Betty Wedge and William Morgan; “Spirit ob de Lord,” by Cain; and “150th Psalm,” by Lewandowski. a.l.s. Forestry Staff Members Will Take Timber Cruise On Monday and Tuesday of next week Professors Den Uyl, Herrick, Brundage, Shaw and Van Camp with James W. Girard plan a timber cruise of 15 to 20 of Indiana’s Northern forests. Girard is assistant director of the National Forest
Survey.
Timber cruising is the estimation of the amount of lumber in a tree. By compiling the resulting estimates, tables may be devised whereby relatively inexperienced persons may calculate the lumber content of a forest, w.h.
"Smilin'Thpgh
rf
Playing a dual role in M-G-M Technicolor fllmization of “Smilin’ Through” came natural to Jeanette MacDonald, for the star claims she is somewhat of a dual personality herself. In the new picture she is seen both as the sentimental Moonyean and the strong-willed Kathleen. Brian Aherne co-stars and Gene Raymond appears with Miss MacDonald for the first time. Starts Sunday at the Lafayette.
YWCA
. . . current events interest group will hear Ben De Pareyva of Bolivia speak today at 4 p.m. All members are invited to attend this meeting,^ which is to be held in room 355 of
the Union. ,
Notices
Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day from 4-6 p.m. Tumbling and hand-balancing every Tues., Thurs., and Sat. Apparatus work every Mon., Wed. and Fri. Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times. —POZER Engineer Subscribers: Anyone who has not received a copy of the October issue please notify our office. —SCOBEE WAA Hockey: Practices Monday, Wednesday and Friday, October 27, 29, and 61, for class team eligibility. —HARRISON. Silver Mask: Regular meeting Tuesday, Nov. 4, in room 302 of the Union. Pledging to be discussed. —TOWER Fencers: Those out for fencing last week and those who fenced here last year please report to fencing room Thursday or Fiiday, Oct. 30 or 31, between 3 and 6 pm.
—TOWER
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: Informal initiation Friday, Oct. 31, at 4 :30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. —MUNGER Undergraduate Dames: Steak fry tonight in back of the stadium. Please bring your own service, meat, and an open dish. In case qf rain, it will be postponed till a later date. —VOLIJWER Riding Club: Meeting today at 7:30 p. m. in Room 3.66. Please be there. Important.
—CHOATE
YWCA Cabinet Members: Meeting in office H p. m. today. Attendance compul.soiy.
—NEWTON
Omicron Nu: Debris picture will be taken Tuesday, November 4, at 10:20 p. m. in the South Ballroom of the Union. —COLLINOS Home Ec: Get your tickets for the College Club Section of the ISHEA meeting on Sat., Nov. 1, from the office in the Home Ec Bldg, or from Betty Brown. Deadline Friday, Oct. 31. —BROWN AlCbE: Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following: Borns, Kraybill, Ray Smith, Santini, Leiner. —KRAYBILL Uillel Society: Radio dance Saturday, November 1, from 9 to 12 p. m. in room 363 of the Union. Admission is 35 cents pel couple or stag. —WETSBERG Catalyst Club: Debris picture will lie taken at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, Nov. 4, in North Ballroom of Union. —KRAYBILL '
Novice Pistol: Students desiring to fire fourth novice pistol group starting Nov. 4 should sign up in supply room at once. This includes students who may have signed up prior to Oct. 23. There are^ vacancies in this group for students desiring to fire same. LT. BROWN WAA Speedball: No tournament game October 30. There will be practice tor those who wish to take part in the playday Saturday, November 1. Be on field readv to play at 4 :00 p. m. •—GALBRAITH WAA Hockey: No piactico Friday, October 31. Class tournament starts next week. -BLAGRAVE PIA Membership Salesmen: Please check in membership books with money by Friday evening, Nov. 7. Also have any dance tickets that you might have.
—GORIS
Mechanical Engineers: The American Society of Mechanical Engineers membership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical Engineers building. —BOLZ Alpha Zeta: Debris picture will be taken Tuesdav, November 4, at 0:40 p. m. in south ballroom of Union. Wear suit coats.
- SWAIM
Alpha Phi Omega: Overnight hike Saturday, November 1, to Cary Camp. Leaving Union 7 :30 p. m. Call me (2648) for reservations any evening atfer six p. m.
—SIGLER
Reamer Club: Formal initiation Sunday, Nov. 2 at 6 p.m. in tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet in loom 332 of the Union at 6.30 p.m. Dean Fisher will speak. —RUFFNER Freshman Engineers: Meet for Engineering Lecture.s Saturday, Nov li at 8 am. in Eli/a Fowlir Hall Seating assignments are posted near main entranci' ol Michael Golden Shops. KNAPP AWS: Theio will be a meeting of the Indtpendent Coid House Presidents Council Monday, Nov. 3 at 1 p.m. in the AWS office. If vou cannot come please send a repicsentative. — NITSCHE All Freshmen: interested in woiking on business or htiraiy stuff of Schiveneis, liteiarv magazine, k poi t to offiei loom 68 of the Union, Sal. Nov. 1 at 2 p m.
HOWARD
Episcopal Students: There is to i)o a .student hivakfast following the 8 a ni. communion SMViee on Sun , Nov. 2 at S(. John’s Church, ()th ami Fiiiy. —THORNTON Roger Williams Cluh: Halloween party, Friday, Oct 31, at 7:30 pm at the West Lafayette Ha))list Chim'li We.ir masks if you desiie. AU'I'MAN
WAA Speedball: There will be a practice for those teams which play in the Speed ball Playday Sat., Nov. 1. Black: J. Rusk, M. Blown, L. VbrHoeven, E. Baughman, M. Lafuze, B. Galbraith, N. Cooper, B. Wilcoz, A. Altman, J. Vansickle, J. Kersey, V. Gear, A. Waterbury, M. Heine, M. L. Wnght, M. Denbv. Gold: B. Burgler, B. Cox, R. Rule, G. Hennis, M. Pidgeon, K. Hinshaw, J. Wampler, J. Richardson, M. Mennen, M. Lepley, H. Campbell, B. Willingham, L. Turner. A. Bardeher, L. A. Cox, K. Reitzee, 0 J. Kirkpatrick, E. Horton. —GALBRAITH WAA Archers: individual tournament must be shot by Friday, Nov. 7. You may shoot any night at 4 p.m. —JOHNSON Methodist Students: Wesley Foundation Halloween masqueiade party at Agricultural Pavillion, Fiiday, October 31, 8 p.m. —WARRICK Home Ec's: get your luncheon tickets for the College Club Section of the ISHEA meeting on Sat., Nov. 1 from the office in the Home Economics building or from Betty Brown. Deadline Friday, Oct. 31.
—BROWN
Mortar Board: meet on oval today at 12 noon. Be prompt and wear your jackets. —FELLOWS Military Code Classes: instructions will start Monday, Nov. 3 in room B-4 of the Aimory. Clash rolls are posted in hall of Ai mory. —BURKHART WAA Hookey: Class tournament schedule Mon., Nov. 3, Sr.-Soph ; Wed., Nov. 6, Fr.Jr.; Fii , Nov. 7, All Star practice. Mon., Nov. 10, Sr-Fr.; Wed., Nov. 12, Jr.-Soph.; Fri., Nov. 14, Jr.-Sr.; Mon., Nov. 17, Fr.Soph. —BLAGRAVE Outing Club: Make lesorvations for trip to McCormick Creek State Park on Nov. 8 and 9 with Opa! Blagrave, 6755 or Gail Hennis, 2907 before Monday. Open meeting Wed., Nov. 5 at .6 p.m. in room 303 of the Union. —BUERGLER YWCA: membership drive will close Sat., Nov. I There will be no second semester dnve. All interested in joining must come to the offiee Fri. at 4-5:30 p.m. or'Sat. at 10-12 am. —REED POMM: special meeting, Mon., Nov. 3 at 1 !> m. in room 106 of the Armory. Firing battely tor the Aimistice Day salute will he orgnni'/(d and initiation will be di.sLie^sed. All active.s be present. —BUSHNELL IIKN: I)i bris pietme will be taken at 6 :r>0 p m. Tues(la>, Nov. 3 in the North Ballroom. -SOUTHMONGEL Military Hall Committee: Meeting Friday, 0<t. .31 at 4 i).m in loom 202 of the Armory.
—DIBOS
ADULT DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER'S, TUES., NOV. 4, 7:30 P. M. TO EXPERIENCED DANCERS ADVANCED, WED., NOV. 5, 7:30 P. M. Th is Course Imparfs "Smartness" Which Denotes Style and Rhythm P. M. Allen, Nationally Known Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
ALLEN
6lh& FERRY
Next to Post Office 305 State St. / Phons 4094
Watch the clock! We wiil have your clothes hack before you know it with
CRDWM LAlJlVDRY
SERVICE
The Most Reliable Cleaners in Town!
TRY US!
1^/
■»«
< I