V .'•^r'-rv
>„/^ .,j>^ ''*^^' <+5«»*-«.'i » yrf i-ijWy, M j(«.!Si!-»«^'^„
:; J»„J
"'r
>» i*»li-?*rt-l^-%<ltt»*,l
s /v v'' ^ “" 44 4
S#e edit dll 'lufiior Aid*—4
PldAduk
■«%'
t-i»t
Powidad In 18$»
xfumeM. 9 dally ShiM 1906
Volumes 52, No. 137
West Ldictyette, Incfiona
Friday, March 14, 1941
Eight-Week Ag Course Ends Today
Commencement exercises will be lield this morning for 162 students enrolled in the annual eight-week "winter eourse in agriculture. Assoeiate Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman will award the certificates and President E. C. Elliott will give the address. Four Students Honored Four of these students were honored last night at a banquet held in the south ballroom of the Union. Clarence Williamson in the animal husbandry option received an award for winning the student livestock judging contest; Eugene Bums, general agriculture option, was the highest individual scorer in the student com judging contest; Bobert O. Duffey was the best judge of dairy cattle in^a recent contest; and F. R. McLain, dairy manufactures option, won an award as the Best individual judge of dairy products. Principal speaker of the evening was Dr. J. T. Martin, head of the University poultry department. Short talks were given by R. W. Bohlander, Bailey Bradley, Lowell Smith, and Robert M. Webster who represented the four options. Richard H. Commers, president of the short course students, presided over the affair. He was recently notified that he must report for his year's army training next week. i.i.j. Prof. Serviss Discusses Placer Minine To AIME Professor F. L- Serviss spoke about placer mining at a meeting sponsored by AIME last night at 7:30 in the Metallurgical building. He emphasized the non-technical aspects of placer mining by which gold was discovered in California and Alaska. Serviss also discussed different methods of recovering gold by hydraulic mining and dredging. A short business meeting followed the talk. a.c.
Announce Cast For 1941 Varsity Show;
AiTuesdafsCoiHo Leading Roles To Mingle, Williamson
Eve Curie To Talk On Women, Science
Lecturer Will Describe Parents' Radium Work “Women and Science” will be the topic of Mile. Eve Curie, daughter of Pieri:e and Madame Curie, codiscoverers of radium, in her lecture in the Hall of Music Tuesday evening, March 18, at 8 o’clock. Author-lecturer Mile. Curie will tell of the struggle made by her parents to give the world one of its most precious substances in an isolated form, of their sacrifices to remain true to science rather than capitalize on their discovery, and of her mother’s devotion to research and to the complete publication of
their findings.
Two Lecture Tours Miss Curie has made two lecture tours through the United States previous to this one, which brings her to the University in another of the regularly scheduled convocations. She travelled to this country with her mother and her sister, Irene, in 1921, when her mother received a gift of $125,000 from President Harding with which to isolate a gram of the precious radium.
Fled To England
Only recently she fled to England following the fall of France, spending several months as one of the editors of a “free French” newspaper before embarking on her cur-
rent lecture tour.
Students will be admitted by passports; faculty and townspeople may present season tickets or purchase tickets at the door for 50 cents. Doors will open promptly at 7 p. m.
t.b.n.
Kappa Sigma . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert Sayre, Logansport; Philip Snyder, Kenmore, N. Y.; John Alvey, Orchard Grove, Mo.; R. Phillip Woolery, Garretsville, Ohio; P. Gordon Hoffman, W. Lafayette; T. Miller Nourse, Cleveland, Ohio; John Ford, Towson, Md.; Ralph Eberts, Logansport; William Buffington, Peru; Charles Alter, West Lafayette; and Charles Eeffert, Logansport.
Stephenson To Talk On Labor Problems To Industrialists Walter Stephenson, president of the Indiana Manufacturers’ Association, will discuss “The Job Which Faces Manufacturing Management in a Defense Economy Program” at the annual joint dinner meeting of the student branch and the central Indiana sectioji of ASME tonight at 6:15 in the Union. The dinner program will conclude a two-day discussion of management problems which was arranged by Professor C. W. Beese, hegd of the deparmetnt of general engineering. Men on the firing line in the field of industrial management and practicing engineers have attended these meetings. Stephenson, in his talk, will take up problems associated with the procurement and training of satisfactory labor, the scarcity of materials, purchase of new equipment, and plant expansion. After the dinner, a discussion period will be held at 7:30 on the application of Stephenson’s comments to specific management situations, f.i.j. Eddie Mack's Band Will Play Tonight For Military Dance Eddie Mack, a new name on this campus, will play tonight for the annual Scabbard and Blade dance. Mack’s band, featuring Bonnie Scott as vocalist, is from the University of Illinois. The backdrop for the dance, which tends to complete the martial air of the dance, will consist of the or-
*Harem Scarem' Opens Tomorrow Night At 8 Under the direction of Willis Wells, “Harem Scarem,” current Union Show went into its final rehearsal last night. The entire show, music, lines, and lyrics, was written by Bill Hayt and Wells during the mid-se-mester vacation. Originally planned as a feature of Mid-Term Folk’s Day, the show has
Pictured above are Bill Hayt and Willis Wells, associate authors of "Harem Scarem" which goes before the public tomorrow night afj 8. developed into a merry scramble of hilarious harem queens and knockkneed Napoleons that promises to climax the event. Ollie Lynch and Doc Miller’s facsimile carry the comedy burden. Curtain time for the single performance has been ^et for 8 o’clock tomorrow night in the Music Hall. Tickets are still on sale at the west desk of the Uniort and with all Union sophomores at 15 cents.
Eddie Mack ganization’s key with two soldiers standing beside cannon on either side of the emblem. Pledges The dance will serve as a means of announcing the spring pledge class of Scabbard and Blade. These names will be announced at tenthirty in the North Ballroom of the Union building where the dance will be held, d.w.o. Symphonic Band In Capital March 21 Music lovers will be given an opportunity to hear the concert of the Purdue Symphonic Band' in Murat Temple, Indianapolis, Friday night, March 21. The concert is being sponsored ^Ji(^^he Purdue Association of Indianapolis. Tickets have been placed on sale at L. Strauss & Co. Reserved box seats are priced at one dollar each, orchestra general admission at 75 cents, and balcony at 60 cents. Tickets may also be qrdered by mail from Roger Bneden, Purdue Association of Indianapolis, 1608 East 59t}j St., Indianapolis, w.m.c.
W. Miller Di$cusses Heating Problems At Floral Session “Greenhouse Heating Problems,” discussed by W. T. Miller, of the University staff, was one of the topics that terminated the 14th annual Indiana Florists’ Conference yesterday. The two-day session was held in co-operation with the University to discuss ways and means of improving the quality and sales of florists’ products. Subjects Discussed Ralph Baur, Indianapolis, and John Lemon, Richmond, presided over the morning and afternoon sessions respectively. Other subjects discussed were: resume of research work at Purdue, by Joseph Biebel of the Department of Horticulture; plant patents, by Mr. A. F. J. Baur of Indianapolis; greenhouse insects and their control, by C. C. Compton, State Natural History Survey at Urbana, 111.; fertilizing problems, Joe Steckel, Department of Agronomy; and the application of fungicides and insecticides by Dr. C. T. Gregory, Department of Botany, and Mr. G. E. Lehker, Department of Entymology,. both of the University. When To Wear ’Em Twenty important occasions to wear flowers and the types to wear was demonstrated by models Wednesday evening in the south ballroom. The models paraded on an elevated platform and wefe accompanied by the Pirndue Concert Choir. Pot plants and greenhouse insurance were the main discussions on Wednesday morning, and a session on technical subjects was held in the afternoon. A floral musical pi’ogram was held Wednesday evening, preceded by the annual banquet, b.p. Debate Squad Vies With Rutgers Team On 'Union Problem' Last night four students, Howard Crosby and Joseph Siry from Rutgers, and Seymour Udell and Richard Springgate from the University, met in a congressional style debate in which no ^decision is given, in the home economics auditorium and debated the subject, “Resolved: The Nations of the Western Hemisphere Should Enter Into a Permanent Union.” The affirmative, which was represented by the Rutgers team, held that such a union would make for a self supporting political, economic, and military organization, which along with many other advantages, would give harmony to the whole Western Hemisphere. After the affirmative had stated the advantages of such a plan, Udell said in rebutal, “If one were to mention free trade to the Kansas farmer, he would take off his shoes and throw them at the affirmatiye speaker.” Six’y stated that: “Thdse men remind me of men back in the original thirteen colonies,”*and went on to say that we can not remain in a “status quo” condition. “We must move forward; it is later than you think,” he said. Springgate answered this by saying, “We can go forward just as weli without changing vehicles.” The~debate last night is the last one which will be held on campus this season, unless the University of Arizona team includes the UniTersity sometime about April 7 in its tour East. i
Singing, Dancing Choruses Form Background Of Show Selection of the cast for the 1941 Varsity Show production, George Ade’s "College Widow,” to be produced by the combined efforts of the Playshop and the Musical Organizations on May 1 and 3, was announced last night by directors Prof. H. Ken Carmichael of the Playshop and Albert P. Stewart head of the
musical organizations.
T - Heading a cast of twenty-five
characters, are John Mingle, play>ing the part of Bill Bolton, star halfback who is steered away front entering Indiana at the last moment, and Marjorie Willianis<m who has the role of Jane Witherspoon, ‘the college widow,’ instrumental in
lunng Bolton to Purdue.
Others In Cast
Assisting Bolton and Jane in the supporting leads are Peter Witherspoon, A.M., Ph.D., President of Purdue and allergic to “this modem dancing,” being played by J. Henry Amt; “Silent” Murphy, huge, oversized football center imported from the Monon Shops, played by N. M. Levinson; Frank Hopf, portraying Daniel Tibbets, town marshal who soon hopelessly loses control of the situation and Alberta Schmadel in the role of Mrs. Primly Dalzelle, grass-widow and i;eliable chaperone, foi'ever kissing the college eds.
Our George Ade
“The College Widow” was written by George Ade, using as a background his college years at Purdue. It has made two successful runs on Broadway and this re-enactment, honoring Ade, will be a feature attraction of Gala Week. Others in the cast are Carolyn Wood, portraying Flora Wiggrins, waitress and town flapper; “Stub” Talmadge, a busy, wise-gay undergraduate who owes Flora some money, being enacted by Richard D. Coleman; Copernicus Talbot, an ex(Continued on page 2)
Pledges Assemble In Union; Hear Talk On Fraternity Duties Second in the present series of “Greek Week” meetings was held last night in the North Ballroom of the Union Building. The conference was started by singing done by the Deita Upsilon Fraternity, winners of last year’s Inter-Fraternity
Sing.
Then R. B. Stewart, University controller and national jKresident of Alpha Chi Rho, was introduced to the assembly of pledges. His speech was “The Relation of the Pledge To the Fraternity.” He began by stating that “the fraternities must look into the future, for when they pick their pledges they are gambling on the future.” Inititaion He then went on to say, “When you are initiated into a fraternity you accept a serious obligation, and if you want your chapter to be strong you must adhere to this obligation, this being especially true when you become a senior.” He then went into a discussion of the alumni. He said, “Fraternities are cursed with adolescent adults.” By this he ^as refering to alumni that return to their fraternity and try to live college life all over again. The speech was closed with the idea that the “fraternities must move forward for they can’t stand still.” It was announced that there lyould be a interfraternity banquet Sunday, March 16. d.w.o. Notice During the present semester there are two penalty dates. They are from noon March 21 to noon March 22 and March 31. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the spring recess. A student who is absent from any class during either of these tyro days will be assessed an extra fee of $5.00 for each 24 hour period of fraction thereof missed. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
J. A. Estey Discusses Economics Of Marriage “The Economic Aspects of Marriage” was the subject discussed by Professor J. A. Estey, head of the history department, before 160 juniors and seniors at 4 o’clock yesterday afternoon in the lecture room of the Education building. This was the last "of the series of marriage lectures open to juniors, but there will be three more open to seniors. Although Professor Estey did not state what income he considered necessary before a couple could marry, h|^said they should consider the-type of liying they expect ot have oir their income. He 'also discussed budgets, savings, and insurance. m.b.
Somerset Maugham, Noted English Addresses Student GroupOn Good Wntfi^
By Donna "Siess “Every book would be better, if shortened, including the Bible,” stated William Somerset Maugham, well known British contemporary novelist and playwright, last night in one of his highlight remarks during an informal address made to 24 students in the East Faculty Lounge of the Union last night at 8:30 o’clock. Cockney Accent Speaking with just a slight trace of cockney accent, dressed in a black suit with pin stripes, and continuously twining his character expressive hands together, Maugham told of the two subjects which he knows the most about—^I'eading and writing. On Reading— Speaking of reading, the novelist feels that it should b© for enjoy-
ment, and that everyone le learn how to skip those parf^wl^h to him are uninteresting. *Smtimental Journey” and “MoRon’s Lives*’ yijere suggested as two real classics for enjoyment. It was his own experience that after having written two Ixooks, he found it necessary to learn to write. This he did by studying the works of Addison and Swift and reproducing from memory their writings. “Writing should be like a good eonversation but more conscise” stated Maugham. Williau^ Somerset Maugham was a guest of Professor R. Cordell, of the English department, who has written a biography of the novelist. Preceding last night’s address, Maugham was entertained with President Elliott and faculty members at Cordell’s home.papt l - TbiiaLL
Friday^ Mcorch 14/ 1941
fiuJidusL £xfiDmnt
Lost Appard Amassing In Senate Office;
By Mary Boynton Hear ye! Hear ye! Will the owner of the infant wearing apparel which is now resting in the cupboard in the Student Senate office please claim it at once? All lost articles (except text books), turned in previous to March 7 will be sold in the Union reception rooms on April 4 and S, unless claimed before spring vacation. This means that somebody else will be wearing your baby clothes if you don’t want them bad enough to claim them within the nextweek. The Senate doesn’t want to embarrass anyone, hut they are forced to take this step simply because the numerous lost coats, sweaters, hats (dozens of hats), scarves, gloves, (millions of gloves), purses, glasses, jewelry, shoes, inibbers, and baby clothes which have been accumulating in the closet in the Senate office all year have at last overflowed all availbale space. Instructors might easily understand some of the lack of knowledge prevailent among some students if they could cast a casual glance at the supply of glasses, textbooks, notebooks, slide rules, pens and pencils which enter the Senate portals
TODAY - SAT.—2 Hits
BLASTING A SPY PLOT!
Chesl’or Morris - Rochelle Hudson -——-ALSO-——
Wyonihg
Starts TOMORROW
//V i^C//Af/CO£OR / starring MADELEINE
—UST TIMES TODAY-
in a steady stream from the check rooms. Sweet Shoppe, and lounges. And maybe Doc Miller would have more time for bowling if some of the coats and hats were worn instead of left idle in the Student Senate’s admirable steel closet. If you want to rescue your long lost baby clothes from the horrible fate of being sold down the river, you’d better dash up to the Student Senate pflice in the Union before March 22. ; *
) Joe Benha has announced that the Purdue Boxing Club will hold initiation of its present pledges this Sunday afternoon at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse.
Horticullure Publication Features Reed Address An address by Meredith Reed, president of the Indiana Horticul-r tural Society, will be featured in the March issue of “Hoosier HortiTculture/’ publication of the Society. ■Also included in the issue is an article on apple scab fungus by R. C. Baines of the University Agricultural Experiment Station, and an article by Edward G. Stair, of the Purdue Department of Horticultui'e, on apple sales. N. K. Ellis, of the Experiment Station, has also written for the issue, on Indiana peats, s.b.w.
Tiny Hill Will May For Cary ClubDance Tonight In Union Tonight Tiny Hill and his “Music With A Moofi” Will entertain the men of Cary Club and their guests in the South Ballroom of the Union from 9 until 12 o’clock. Upstairs in the Faculty Lounges Irv Given will furnish the swing for the other half of the annual Cary Club Novelty Dance. Informal attire will be the mode for this “Sweater Hop” as the guys and gals swing and sway in their campus garb of sport coats, sweaters, and low heeled shoes. All student guests and Club men are reminded to bring their passports along With the bids for admittance.
We Are Now Restoring the VITAMIN Bi Content of Our White Breads to Average Whole Wheat Levels by Using Fleischmani^'s Hi-Bi Yeast
TODAY - TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS NEWEST adventures of I fiction’s famous solver of I crimes—
PLUS
Frankie Has a Date . to be Murdered! ACTION PLUS THRILS! (VOA^OOropLuci^ KAY SUTTON * MANTAN MORELAND
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY The Two Greatest Chillers of them All! BORIS KARLOFF IN 'THE APE" — PLUS — Phantom of Chinatown
NO SISSIES ALLOWED
Holstein dairy cattle breeders from Indiana and surrounding states gathered at the University yesterday to observe the ceremony associated with the official classification of the Holstein herd, which took place under the direction of the Hol-stein-Friesian Association of America. Judge Clair Miller, of Medina, O., a prominent breeder and an official of the national association, inspected and classified the 29 Holstein cows now in milk and the herd bull, “Man-O-War Captain.” Preceding the classification ceremony Pi’of. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, welcomed the visitors to the campus, while Dean Emeritus J. H. Skinner discussed some of the principles that guided the University in selecting the foundation animals for the Holstein herd. Prof. J. H. Hilton, in charge of today’s meeting, described the breeding program under way at the present time and Glen Householder, extension service director of the National Holstein-Friesian Association, explained the purpose of the herd classification program.
Varsity Show Cast (Continued from page 1) :,
tira-lite post gradutae tutor, played by Ellis Verink; and Joseph'Richards with the part of Hiram Bolton, D.p., LL.D.. president of the prosperous Monon Railroad. More Roles More roles in the show are Bessie Tanner, an athletic girl, depicted by Betty Wedge; Jack Larrabee, the football coach by Joseph Shepherd; “Matty” McGo'wn, trainer, Norman Ostroff; the Hon. Elam Hicks, senator from Kokomo portrayed by Raymond Reynolds; “Bub” Hicks, a freshman, by John Peters; and Ivan Meyers as right tackle. Julian Harvey and Donald Pyke play the parts of Eds Ollie Mitchell and Dick McAllister while cp-eds in the play are Mollie Harding as Luella Chubbs; Marjorie Patrick as Bertha Tyson; Janet Dixon as Cora Jenks and Gloria Fox as Sally Cameron. Chorus of 70 A chorus of 70 mixed voices and a mixed dancing chorus of 30 members has been selected and will be announced later as will stage crews, and publicity and advertising staffs. The first performance will be on May 1 for students only, admittance being by passport, and following Open House on May 2, the show will again go on the stage Saturday night. May 3, for Gala Week visitors and townspeople, s.g.p.
Noticis
Removal of Conditions in Geology:.. All students who wish to remove O gi^es of last semester will ■take make-up examination March 16, room 6, Chemical arid Metallurgical building. Permits to take this examination iriust be obtained before March 16. —SERVISS.
- Removal of CondMons in English and Bpeeah: Examinations will be held In room 101 of the Education building : Saturday, March 16, at 1 p; m. -<:rBS!E. Surveying (CB 6) s Examination for removal of C and I grades will be held in room 101, CE buil^ng on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Students interested may obtairi permits: in roona 102.:, —LOMMEL.
GE 16 : Descripti've Geometiy make-up examination ;for mmoval of “G’’ and *T* grades will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 808, CMl Engineering Building. Arrangemerijts iriust be made by March 14. ■ ' 'i '
—EUIOD.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWOA cabinet lUMitions for next year should Send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Ooolidge •efore March 19. —BRYANT.
g:
me so C’s and I's: A make-up firial for C and I grades received in any di'vlsion of ME 30 last Semester 'will.be given Saturday, March }6, at 1:00 p. m. in roomj^ lls. Students planning, to take the eXamlnatiori please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE.
All Students: Who desire to cancel courses without a grade must <}o so before Saturday noon, March 16^ Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads ;of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. - -FISHER.
All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA banquet March 20 may get them at the WAA onice or at sororily hotnes. —WESTOVER.
CE 21 Examination : The examination for removal .of C and I grades in' CE 21 will be given from 1 to 4 p. m., Saturday, March 16, room 310 of the. Civil Engin^ring Building. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
Chem Society Hean Discussion On Ketones Dr. Charles D. Hurd, professor of Chemistry at Northwestern University, discussed the . subject of “Ketenes’’ last night before a meeting of the University section of the American Chemical Society. According to Dr. Hurd, ketenes are a small group of compounds that are very active. There are sixteen of them known, the simplest of which is ketene, the commercial source of acetic anhydride. Preparation Description Dr. Hurd then went on to describe at length the various methods of preparation of the ketenes, both successful and unsuccessful, and also described the various reactions of them with other compounds. He said that there still is quite some mystery over the ways of reactions of the ketenes and that at present he was working on a new method of approach that might provide a solution to the whole system, t.b.n. Exponent'Staff See bulletin board in office for Razz Edition assignments. '
ASME: Deadline for filing 194Q-41 membership applications is Saturday noon, March 16. See Miss LaCave in the main office. —PEPPLER.
To Whom It Concerns: All lo^t and found articles. in Senate office must be claimed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right- to claim them. —LAWRENCE
Sophomore Chem. and Met. Students: Date on which sophomore comprehensive exams -will be given will fee decided by popular vote. Have your vote in at office of the head on or before March 16. ---BRAY.
Distinguished Students: $30 refunds are now available atthe cashier’s office in the Executive Building. . —HOLLENSBE.
Purdue Players: Crew head petitions for “Bachelor Born” are due at the Playshop office by Saturday, March 15, noon. —KECK.
Agriculturist; Application blanks for positions on next year’s staff niay be obta'ined from the Agriculturist office after 4 p. m. any evening up to Tuesday, March 18,1941. —ADAMS. Cosmopolitan Club.: Pledging and meeting at 4:30 /p. m„ Friday, March 14, in room 304 of the Union'. —CORTISSOZ. CpUege Widow C^t: Rehearsal at 2:00 p. m, Saturday, March 16, in the Green Room of Fowler Hall. ’ —CARMICHAEL;
ME 31 C and I Make-up: Final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 31 will be given Saturday, April 12, at 1 p. m. in room 101 of the Mechanical building. —KEMLER.
Purdue Christian Foundation: Final tryouts for new play will be held Friday, March 14, at 7:16 p. m. in room 302 of the Union. Open to anyone. —HAMILTON. Sophomore Forensic Managers :Meet Friday afternoon, March 14, at 4 o’clock. Bring all call lists. —LAWLER.
IT'S FIRST RUN -ALSO-
'Winners of the West" Serial — ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
.TODAY - SATURDAY-
starring GERALDINE FITZGERALD of "Dork Viclory" THOMAS MITCHELL of "Gone With Tho Wind" " JEFFREY LYNN of "AU Wt, And Heaven Too * JAMES STEPHENSON - of ^ rfto totter
WE HAVE THEM • COMPACTS • PURSES • NECKLACES • BRACELETS • PINS • LAPEL CLIPS
COME IN AND SEE OUR NEW SPRING MERCHANDISE
mm wokirnmsmL
soeHo fmtt sTMtif YV€4r LAFAyfiTTi INB
tbrnorrowLasiDay To Register FiorPtize Tomorrow isi the final day bn which students may register for the award being offered by Dean of Engineering A; A/ Ipotter fbic the essay on “The Engiii/er; in Servicb,” Professor W. j. /joiEie^ in charge of the contest, announced ■yesterday.. '.|- Any student liiembe^s of^ AsMife are eligible to Conipete fpr the fiftjf dollar prize by submjitnig his name, address, and subjwt to Pro-' fessor Cope before 12 O’clock pobn. Essays of less than 3000 words treating on any project undertaken, either by a group or an individual which are constructive in the broadest sense and involve unselfish participation in public affairs by engineers are the type desired by Deaa Potter. f.i.j.
P Men: Keys are in ; obtain them from.. Ted Axton. . ' —Axton.
Virginal C. Meredith Club: Party Sunday.. March 16, from 4 to 6 p, m. in the Home Fconomics cafeteria. - , —MoCULLOCKL
Newman Club: Radio dance will'be held, in the faculty lounge of the Union rfterthe Harem Scarem show. Admission is free, to all members. A slight charge will be made for non-members. - . ■ —BENNA.
AH Seniors: Please check spelling of your name for the tentative commencement program list in the office of your school. ELi,EY.. Union Show Ushers: Meet in Union office at 4:00 p. m. Friday, Maioh 14. -BRANDT.
Modern Dance Club: All members planning on participation in' Motber’s'.Day prograni report for rehearsal Friday,' March 14, at 4 p. m. New girls are invitei. —KNIGHT.
Independent Staff: Meeting' Tuesday evening at 7:80 p. m. instead of Wednesday. It is important that all members attend as the razz edition will be discussed. —SELKOWITZ. Religious Council Meeting: Meeting Friday, March. 14, at 4:00 p. m. in room 58 of the Union. Open to all. —MOFFET.
POMM; Meeting Tuesday, March 18, at, 4:06‘p. m. in the Armory. Pledges will be selected. —McCAMMON.
Freshman Engineers: All students assigned to Engineering Lectnres. will ■ meet in Fowler Hall on Saturday, March 16, at 8:00 o’clock. Students who were assigned, to Engineering lectures last semester (GB 1) will occupy the same seats they used last, semester. Students who did not take Engineering Lectures last semester will find their seating assignment for Fowler. Hall' posted: on' the bulletin board just inside the main, entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
TypewriteM and adding machines, new and used, for Bale,..xent and repaired. Al* makea ox portable typevrriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Oflieo supplies. Mimeograph arid multigraph -work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rerit-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions.. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 1407.
Lost: Black wallet. Identification, cards, etc.. Reward. Phone 2178. B, Davis.
For Rent: Single room for co-ed or business girl. Close te campus. .Phone 2430.
DANCE RECITAL TUES., MARCH 18th PUBUC INVITED ADM. FREE DRESS REHHEARSAL SAT. 2:30 New Children's Classes Open Sat., March 22 BALLET, TAP, BALLROOM CLASS DIVIDED ACCORDING TO AGE PHONE 21150 ALLEN’S^TH & FERRY
Filtered Smoking in FRANK MEDICO Pipes, Cigarette or Cigar Holders is bringing extra joy to armies of ^smokers, lysthe wisest ^ dollar you ever spe^.
'jf..Ir ^ r-- ’ ’^ i ^ ./A*. J ^ ‘ ^ ^ '*' ». ^ 1 1 . •**' .« ^ni-v ^
■|^? «^i^*.'» *< V ^4^ «<^i*Al-»W
fijU^dt/UL fvbntieMi-
Friday. Mcnch 14. 1941
—- .1 7'^#| •w ’If" , S) ■tf'
'k
(pjcuya, 3 ' Sp^o^lL ■ I
^ «♦
App^NySou^j^^ Boilermakers Set Inspires Diamond Squad s Drill , !!l
Eight Co-ed Groups Will Vie In 'Capers' For Decker Trophy
the Sounds of balls against bats and gloves, Riveter baseball squad practice is stiffening as the^southem trip draws near. From nearly 40 aspirants for the Journey, Coach “Dutch” ^ Fehjring will pick 19. .
Returning iLetternten
Four major lettermen returning to tile team are: John Emmert and Don Blanken, pitchers; Captain Bud Fisher, catcher; and Wes Water.* house, an outfielding slugger. These, along with last year’s holdovers and several brawny sophomores, are expected to make a tough Conference team. Last year, the Riveter record consisted of 4 wins, 1 loss, and one
rain-out.
Leaving the Fieldhouse by private cars at 6:0Q a.'m.^ March 22, the Boilermakers will make an overnight stop at Decatur, Alabama, and reach Pensacola, Florida the following afternoon. As a part of spring training, the Riveters will play the U. S. Naval Air Station cadets on March 24, 26, and 26. Alabama Poly After the game on Wednesday, the team will drive to Auburn for three games at Alabama Polytechnic on March 27, 28, 29. It will return Sunday p. m., March 30. r.l.m.
All-Campus Contrad Bridge Tournament Will Begin April 5 University championship contract bridge contest sponsored by the Memorial Union will get under way during the first week following spring vacation. The first qualifying round will be played in the north ballroom on Saturday, April 6. This will be followed in succeeding weeks by a second qualifier, two semi-fin-als and a final playoff for the campus championship. Gold and silver trophies will be awarded the champion and runnerup teams and cartons of cigarettes will be given to the high scoring teams in each of the five sessions. Contestants must enter in teams of four players each and any group or organization may enter any number of teams. Application blanks may be secured at the west desk of the Union, and the entries must be filed at the desk, not later than Friday, March 21. The tournament is open to all students, and there is no entry fee of any kind. The contest will be limited to 70 teams, and applications will be accepted in the order received. It is advisable, therefore, to file entries early in order to be assured of a chance to play, d.e.b. Mixed Recreation . . . will be held tonight from 7:30 to 9:30 in the women’s gymnasium for all men and co eds. Swimming, badminj^on, ping pong, and shuffleboard will be played. Men are urged to bring tennis shoes, a.c.
Cinder Prestige Of Big Ten And Eastern SquadsEndangered If the present trend is maintained, Big Ten schools and the large Eastern universities will have to look to their laurels if they are to continue timir present supremacy in the limited field of college indoor track. A comparison of meets held at different times during the past season, and under varying track conditions reveal that conferences of the caliber of the Big Six and the Central Collegiate Conference are nearly approaching the standards set by
the larger institutions.
Nevertheless, this season the Big Ten athletes asserted their domination over the rest of the indoor boys by copping five of the eight running events that were common to five major meets this past season, namely, the Big Ten Relays, Big Six Relays, Central Collegiate Conference, I. C. 4-A, and the Southern Confer-
ence Relays.
Interesting Comparison An interesting comparison is that made in the mile run, where New York University’s Leslie Mac Mitchell set a new I. C. 4-A meet record of 4:12, thus eclipsing four seconds off the time that gave the Big Ten crown to Hoosier Campbell Kane. The field events were all East as A1 Blozis, Georgetown’s huge shot putter, cut loose with aheave of 66 feet, 6 inches, and a new world’s indoor record. All told, three of the four field events were annexed by the Eastern universities.
An
Irishman's Illusions
Intra Mural Sports Badminton Sigma Alpha Mu’s Jim Mann and Norman Goldstein annexed the interfraternity badminton championship for the third consecutive year. They defeated Kappa Sigma’s team of Fred Montague and Gordon Hoffman Wednesday by a 16-11, 16-11 score, r.l.m.
Participation Points The present stamdings for the Inter-fra-temity Participation Trophy are as follows. Phi Kappa Tau 899 Pi Kappa Alpha 386% Sigma Pi Epsilon 883
Kappa Sigma Kappa Sigma
Alpha Gamma Kho Sigma Alpha Mu Lambda Kappa Alpha Delta Tau Delta ,
881 381 380 880 378 877
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Purdue’s baseball coach, usually a smiling gentleman, is today a sad man. Reason enough is that he has lost, via the eligibility route, his star sophomore catcher for the duration of the not-yet-arrived season. Smith, sophomore flash and the best catching prospect to enter this institution or the conference for the past-six seasons, has succumbed to biology. —I-I— With Smith catching, what would have happened to Captain Fisher, last season’s star receiver? Fisher was slated to play in the outfield, making way for the heavy hitting Smith at the plate, but now Capt. Fisher must return to his old job, and Purdue loses a .300 hitter before he managed to take one cut. —I-I— Coach Fehring didn’t mention a single word about disappointment, but I know that the loss of Smith hurts deeper than the spoken word. It has tossed a wrench into the plans of Fehring’s offense which hasn’t seen more than three .300 hitters in the last four seasons. I’m a firm believer of the semi-accepted theory that hitters are born—not
made.
—I-I— Harry Krause, catcher of Purdue pitchers three seasons ago, recently leceived his contract from the Giant’s farm in Richmond, Va., and like all true professionals, he didn’t even open it, but sent it right back in another envelope. They hold out in the minors, too, I see. Expect Union Show To Boost WSSF Fund World Student Service Fund reports that contributions totaling $364.99 have been received to date. This is still far short of the goal of $700, which was set at the start of the campaign but it is expected that the proceeds from the Union show, “Harem Scarem” will bring the Fund much nearer this goal. Robert Belcher of the Fund urges that'all those who haven’t yet fulfilled their pledges, do so as soon as possible, j.g.p.
Co-eds will compete for the Decker Trophy tomorrow afternoon at 3:00 in the south ballroom of the Union when several groups present their “capers” as part of the midterm Folk’s Day. Ten-Minute Skits Ten minute skits will be presented by the following groups: Alpha Chi Omega with Eloise Green in charge—“Turnip Greens”; Alpha Xi Delta with Janet Kendall chairman, “A Bbok Review”; Chi Omega, Ann Van Hook, “Downfall of William MacCaully”; Delta Gamma, Virginia Creson, chairman, “This is the Life”; Thaeles, Lois Fried chairman, “Evolution of Melodrama”; WRH North, LaVerne Zeno, chairman, “The Raven—or Knock, Knock, Who’s There”; WRH South with Emily Lloyd, chairman, and Wood Hall, Emily Squires, chairman, “And the Lamp Went Out.” I Trophy On Display The trophy will be on display today outside the Sweet Shop where the tickets are on sale for ten cents. The winning skit will be picked by the following judges: Mrs. F. B. Knight, president of the YWCA advisory board, Miss Irene Feldt, director of the placement service for women, and Robert Horn of the speech department. Proceeds from the ticket sale will be used to send delegates to the annual YWCA conference which is held at Geneva, Wisconsin. Jane Julin is in charge of Co-ed Capers. Alice Reed is chairman of the program committee, Jane Blank of the ticket committee, and Vivian Peterson and Jeanne Weil are in charge of publicity. j.r.
Tea Dance
. . . will be held from 4:30 tq 6 o’clock tomorrow as part of the pro- - gram for Mid-Term Folk’s Day. The dance will be held in the north ballroom. Paul Reedy will play. Students are invited to attend and parents are especially welcome. LeoMargolian . . . ChE ’39, will be graduated from the Air Corps Basic Flying Schoj)l at Gunter Field, Montgomery, Alabama, about March 20. He will then complete his aeronautical education at the Air Corps Advanced Flying School at Maxwell Field, Alabama.
IM Schedules
BADMINTON (Quarter-finals) Friday, March 14 4 .16 p. m. H Goldstein vs D. Douglass Collins vs Romanowich T. Taylor vs Crutchfield Jim Mann vs Hargeahimer Winpers of above will be in the semifinals.
FRANK'S
PLACE
— OPEN ALL
NIGHT —
SANDWICHES
SOFT DRINKS
111 Northwestern Are.
In the Village
Today ♦♦♦
at the
MENU ' <9
Union, (^a^etena
\mon
Food for Friday . . . .
— NOON —
SOUPS—Vegetable Soup ’ MEATSr-Fish, Roast Beef, Meat Patties POTATOES—Mashed, Lyonnaise Potatoes VEGETABLES—Spaghetti, Spanish Corn, Green Beans, Buttered Cabbage SALADS—Argyle (set up). Yum Yum, Salmon and Pea Salad, Cabbage.
— NIGHT — MEAT—Roast'Pork, Fish, Southern Ham POTATOES—Fried, Mashed Potatoes VEGETABLES'—Creamed Cauliflower,! Creole Macaroni, Buttered Spinach, Apple Sauce. ^ SALADS—Amber Salad, Pear and Cheese, Pickled Egg Beet, Spring Salad, 5c C-abbage and Apple
DESERTsi—(Both Noon and Evening) Blueberry Pie, Peach Pie, Butterscotch Pie, Orange Raisin Cake, Graham Cracker Banana Pudding, Ice Box Cakes, Twin Rolls
lJuL fiju/vdwL WjufrufuaL lAnmu \ Corner of Xlampus Yet the Center of Activities *
For Butler Relays Riveter Cinder Squad Of Twenty Leaves For Indianapolis Festival On Saturday Leaving in two contingents, one in the morning and another early in the afternoon, Coach Hermon PhilHps and 20 Riveter track stars will tomorrow take the short jaunt down to the Hoosier capitol for the annual Butler Relays, Held now for nine years, these relays are nothing new to “Phil” since it was he who founded them back in 1933 When he coached the Butler
cinde:Qnen.
. Indiana FavOTed Although Indiana, by virtue of its Big Ten victory scored here last week-end, is favored to walk oS again with top honors, they will admittedly find the going just a little rougher. Notre Dame, one of the relay entries, was forced to take a close second to the Hoosiers earlier in the season and the Irish have never been ones to be ruled by pre-
cedent.
Phillips is grooming both medley and one mile foursomes for the Indianapolis festival. In the medley combination, either Bob Wente or Bob Jarvis will probably lead "off at the half mile; Burt Anthony, who grabbed third place in the recent Big Ten Meet, will take charge of the quarter-mile; A1 Jentsch, rxm-ner-up in the 1,000 yard at the Hlinois Relays, is scheduled for the three-quarter mile; and Eld Holderman, Big Ten outdoor two-mile champion, will run the anchor mile. Mile Relay The same foursome that took fourth for the Boilermakers in the abbve-mentioned conference affair last Saturday will probably compete at Butler—^Anthony, Gaulke, Wente, and Bancker. In the individual events, Rankin, runner-up for the low hurdle title last year, and Weber, who took fourth place in the shot put during the Big Ten'Tndoor Championships, are expected to be strong con-
tenders.
Five Riveters Await AAU Wrestling Tilts Tomorrow At 1PM In preparation for the annual Indiana AAU wrestling tourney to take place at Indianapolis Saturday, a five man squad is being groomed by Coach Claude Reeck for the event. Four of the Riveters to make the trip; namely McDonald in the 118 pound class, Mativana at 134 pounds, and Gregory and Williams at 146, are freshmen; Paratore, the
168 pounder is a sophomore.
Coach Reeck announced, however, that by Saturday there may be several more men entered. Anyone may compete if he signs up with the
coach before the deadline.
At 1:00 Saturday tbe meet will get under way in the Indianapolis YMCA where nearly 70 men will take part. Last year the YMCA team copped the title, but they may have considerable trouble retaining it Saturday since Indiana, the team^ that took second place honors in the Big Ten meet last Saturday, is sending several men. However, the majority of the entrants will be made up of high school wrestlers and un-
•attached men. j.s.d.
SOFT DRINKS BOTTLE OR CARTON GINGER ALE 15c \ Plus Bottle Charge
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Improve Your HAT-I-TUDEt with a New LEE Water-Bloc*
THE CASCADE A 2-ounce hat by the famous LEE Water-Bloc process. The Cs(scade will wear longer because it takes three limes as long to make. It’s Z' reliable, foldable and super-serv-iceable. LEE also makes: Aetna, “The Injured Hat,” $3.50. Look for the Lee Hat signs
LEE HATS
358 Fifth Avenue, New York
U S PATENT OFF
are exclusive dealers for LEE HATS in Lafayette and West Lafayette See these new styles and shades before you bay your new FALL HAT. Prices $2.95 to $5.00
, 'll
i'"? ' ''5j/> "
Dean A. Potter . . . head of the engineering: schools will speak on the developments in tiie defense training program before a meeting of the Society for Promotion of Engineering Education at t;30 Wednesday, March 19, in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Dean Potter is chairman of a national advisory committee on defense. All interested staff members are invited to attend the meeting, a.c. Pnf.H.A Bciz ... of the school of Mechanical Engineering has written an article entitled “Concise Guide for Comparing Types of Gears" which was recently published in the February issue of Industry Power magazine. The article offers a complete classification of present day types of gears and gives their operating characteristics in a concise tabular form.
Friday/March 14« 1941
fiuAdiUL £xpoiuid.
By Peggy Howard
Must be Spring! Flowers all over the place. Anyhow we hope the Florists’ Convention doesn't leave before Monday ’cause what could be better than a “bloomin’ Union’’ for MidTerm Folks Week-end? And speaking of this week-end, there’s enough going on to fill a debutante’s diary— Friday night finds two big dances in the Union. In the North ballroom Eddie Mack will syncopate for the Scabbard and Blade formal dance. And by the way, fellows, the first lucky break in a long while. NO CORSAGES. The south ballroom is being occupied by the Cary Hall men and their dates, who will dance to the music
Rentemberl YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT LGREEN’S QUALITY FOOD REASONABLE PRICES FRIENDLY SERVICE DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
You would make a hit at t^e next party ...
of Tiny Hill at th^ir annual “Joe Dance.” Since only one ballroom is available, the overflow will dance to Irv Given in the faculty lounges. !tS Saturday afternoon “Co-ed Capers” will be presented at 3 :00 p. in. in the south ballroom of the Union. This show, which is to be a variety of skits presented by various organizations, is open to the public for the price of one thin dime. Immediately after the final curtain, you joes can trot over to the north ballroom whei’fe the Student Union is sponsoring a tea dance. Music via hai’d rubber discs (records to you). sK * * Formal dinners will be given at the Pi Kappa Phi, Triangle, and Alpha Gamma Rho houses Saturday night preceding their annual TAP dance. This dance, which is being held in the south ballroom of the Union, will bring Bob Barnes and his band of Indiana to the campus. % * * , At 8:00 p. m. Saturday night the Student Union is presenting its second comedy hit of the year, “Harem Scarem,” in the Hall of Music. The show, which is being presented especially for the dads and mothers visiting the campus this week-end, promises to be even bigger and better than the Thanksgiving show. (However, we can not be held liable for this statement.) After the show the weekly Mixer will be held in the north ballroom with Maury Mahns playing. Two other campus groups are entertaining at dances in the Union Saturday night— The Student Co-ops will entertain in Room 355 and 363 while the Newman Club is sponsoring a dance in the West Faculty Lounge starting at 9:30 p. m. And there is one off campus event. The Theta’s will hold their state dance in the Claypool Hotel at Indianapolis Saturday night. Warpy Waterfall from Indiana will play. Oh, and one thing more. We heard a good one on a Chem engineer. It seems that he worked for about four hours in lab trying to determine the identity of an unknown only to find out what he was struggling over was a piece of melted rubber from the experiment apparatus. And they laugh at the science school.
The ^h Coluitlil
Well informed gentlemen of the State Department who profess to have a notion of the various bees buzzing about Adolf’s bonnet as sOon as> if not sooner than Adolf himself, have indicated that Adolf might be planning to sell Mussolini down the river. Which would seem to be a bit useless, since judging by Albania and Africa ... Benny is all wet already. , * 1(1 >i< We’ve been giving some thought to the situation in the Par East, So far as we can see, its main trouble .is ... . - ; ■/ That it isn’t far enough. i(t * * And speaking of the far East brings the Japanese to mind. And according to Jap tradition. The Emperor Jimmti Tenno is the father of all Japanese. Which rather busts ... Papa Dionne’s record. ' . >(< Id * There is one Japanese nobleman. Whose title is “Keeper of the Royal Seal.” He dogs the Emperor’s every footstep. He must have quite a time though . . . If the seal isn’t well trained. * ■ Id 1(1 .. According to one of our army captains. Army humor has not advanced at all. And if he’s refering to the Fascist troops ... Neither has the army. 1(1 * * Adolf has been having quite a bit of trouble lately with the Kiel Canal. Because it’s not wide enough to handle all the traffic it gets. So Wednesday night, in an effort to help Adolf out of his worries. The British came over in their bombers . . . And widened the canal. * * Id . _ . Down at Ohio State University there is a medical student. Who claims that he can see double without .aiiy glasses. To our mind this is quite an accomplishment. Since everybody that we know. Needs several full glasses.-—ola
The Pwrdue Estpoiient
Enteired as second class matter at the post office id Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of Merfh- t, 187d. irnd at the jipedial idste jptbitaie iroVldddlMir m s^ion 1108, of October 8, 1017, authoriM dannaty tO, 1022. PublishM di^O' escept Hotid^ dnidag tkb academic yew and ^khr during the Summer Session. DrilVered locaUjr by imrrier for 88.00 por jrMi';; iaiil subscription 18.60. Bditer-in-Chiaf.— ...R, Rr. ttimaiiiie BnsineM Manager.... Publication Staff . News SkUtor...;...........—.....1:........... J..H. UoKee MaiUlffilifir . ^ jS ic ffailnl* Associate Editors: N. A. OchlltreK J. A. Futcdll, Buffner, K. M. Shallop, J. L. Traugott. OusinaM Staff Local Advertising Managbn: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Panglemajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Cirenlatlon Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Cp-ed Staff EMitor ......— —.— J8eth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Rntb Rose, JSonna
Editor.. Associate EMitors: Swaim.
Sports Staff — J. P. Dolan J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O.
Mtone: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Repr^entatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor: Siess Issue Editor: Zinski Night Sports Editor: Adamson Staff: p. Ochiltree, S. Peterson, J. Ramsdell, C. Haas, F. Jones, T. Clark, M. Boynton, R. Boswinkle, D. Bute, B. Poole, A. Ghatfield, D. Fineus,
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic ^ DK. PAUL A. RISK ^ DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ■4th &'Main Sts. Phone 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
Hardware
Gomplete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.-^Right Prices 822 Main St. , : Phone 2777
• Locksmith
• Tailor
Keys and bocks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padloic.ks. Auto keys a sF>ecla|ty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing; MULHAUrrS a09-l< M. 9th 9r. Phom asu
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Building SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
• Dairy Products
• Jewelers
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Hays jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
FLIGHT PRINTED STATIONERY tbouLle tUe 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
With printed Envelope linings in smart colors . . . and 'personalized' with your Name and Address, or Monogram on the sheets . . . and your Name and Address on the Envelopes. This “feather-weight'' paper with its smooth writing surface.. ..its lovely pastel shades . . . will save you many a postage penny. TWENTY AIR MAIL LABELS INCLUDED IN EACH BOX HAYWOOD’S retail dept. Fifth* and Ferry Sfs. Lafayette, Ind,
Just Enough Rope In the Letter to the Editor column yesterday Wayne Musser, PIA president, definitely divorced himself from any but an altruistic interest in the Purdue Student Alliance drive to exempt juniors from the draft. He was worried because of the turn of events at last night’s meeting at which A1 Rubio, secretary of the Midwest district of the American Student Union, spoke with regard to the drive. Rubio was a polished speaker, as rabble rousers go, but it did seem to us that he spent a great deal more time discussing the LeaseLend Bill (which is already law), the driving of
the United States into war by the Congressmen, and other unrelated subjects, than he spent on the ways and means of deferring juniors./ We are appreciati ve of the idea behind junior deferrment. We realize that everyone is motivated by selfish principles, some rnore so than others. At the same tiihe we still bdieve that each of us has an obligation to servjs his coun-* try and that regardless of the sacrifices involved, this duty should be fulfilled. Odllege students are not the only people whose lives are being affected by the Selective Service Act and the war in general. During the course of the meeting it was brought out that university administrations are interfering with student newspapers. That no one rtiay get the wrong impression we want to go on record as saying that the University has never dictated or even curbed our editorial policy. Even in editorials where we have been sharply critical our side has been heard with courtesy in the Executive chambers. Another idea almost as absurd as this was a suggestion made at the meeting that all activities heads such as Exponent editors, and Union President be elected by popular election. Basis for this claim is that the present system of working for three years and then letting a senior board choose new officers is undemocratic. How can people be so ignorant of political methods? 'We do not want to be in the position of thwarting legitimate efforts on the part of students organized for the purpose of lobbying but neither do we want to be in the position of submitting peacefully to directed propaganda in the guise of personal aid.
MODEL BUILDERS MEGOW — COMET Rubber or Gasoline Powered All sizes,, all kinds; all prices, see our new ship models. Ask about our model contest.
Free Parking in Rear
Free Delivery
Next to Post Office N. J. Arth ’37 D. N. Hansell ’37 305 State Street Phone 4094
by Clarence
hey there clarence they say this here now birth rate went and upped itself a hundred thousand kids in 1940 does that mean some of t]M8 large scale knitting in classes in spite of the battle of england means a few bundles for baby. ^snowball, the white one
ALAN'S Main Street at 4th
Mr. Long advises Hair Stylists from coast to coast. Bring Your Problems to Him!
|Mr. Jack Long MANAGER
THIS tmy to charm
There’s a narrow, rigorous path to follow to Charm;, It is to practice heauty daily, with the aid of a once-a-week visit to your beauty shop. Our professional services will please you! Try us!
For
Appointments, and all Cosmetic Needs IMal 4281
Miss Mary Krabbe
Hostess
Continuous Soft Water
'F'
y
r >