Purdue
Z-IM
Exponent
VolttEDHi 5L Non 175
State, Military Executives war news Busy Week-End Program Review University Corps ^j|| ^ Yisitino Mothers 2500 See New Drill Planes, believed to be undoubt- W W III II I I I W I 4^ I |i I I I VI I I
System Displayed Annual inspection of the Purdue ROTC Corps took place yesterday afternoon before a colorful crowd of about 2,500 people. A 19 gun salute greeted the inspecting party consisting of Governor M. Clifford Townsend; Major-General Robert M. Danford, Chief of Field Artillery; Lieutenant Gov. Henry F. Schricker; Colonel Robert E. Milan; Majors F. E. Kauffman and J. A. Steere; President E. C. Elliott; and Colonel D. M. Beere, P.M.S. and T. Demonstrating the new system of close order drill which has been adopted by the entire army, the Corps passed in review. Three batteries were motorized. Banquet Last night at 7 o’clock the annual inspection day banquet was held in the Union building. President Elliott was toastmaster and introduced General Danford who gave the principal speech of the evening and was full of praise for the corps. ^T cannot say too much about the work demohstrated here today,” said Gen. Danford, enthusiastically. “The work was fine and the spirit was excellent, any thing that anyone could desire in the training of inen.'’’ He passed many complimentary remarks on the corps. Governor Townsend likewise was highly complimentary in his remarks about the unit, praising the appearance of the corps which had just passed in review on Intramural Field. The Governor, General Danford, President Elliott, Lieut. Gov. Bchricker and others in the reviewing party spoke briefly on WBAA which broadcast from the field. Afterwards the Albert Smith sabers, awards for senior tactics, were presented by Controller R. B. Stewart for Col. Smith to the three seniors who worked out the best ^solutions to problems in military tactics. The awards are given each year. The recipients were Cadet Captains G. E. Bowman, R. A. Specker, and R. R. Cooper. Inspection Today Today the military department will be inspected thoroughly on equipment, material, teaching, and knowledge of the students by Col. Milan, Major Steere, and Major Kauffman. The freshmen and sophomores will be vsited in their classes on topography, motors material, and service of the piece. The juniors will be inspected in their classes on gunnery, reconnaissance, signal communications, and administration. The senior classes on tactics, military law, military history, and field artillery gunnery will be visited. All students will be expected to answer questions put to them on any phase of their military training. Modern Dance Club To Present Recital Visiting parents will have an opportunity to see a recital of the University’s Modern Dance Club on Saturday afternoon in the North ballroom of the Purdue Memorial Union from 4 to 5:30 o’clock. Helen Knight, professor of the department of Physical Education for "Women, announced a program including a waltz in romantic style and a “syncopep” or jazznumber. The dance is one of the entertainments of the Saturday-aftemoon-tea for parents, which is a part of mother’s day program. Other features of the tea include several numbers by the Purdue Glee Club. The dance club has been booked ior lecture demonstration the afternoon of May 17 in the Tippecanoe County Museum in Lafayette before the Lafayette Art Club, and a program the same evening for the Lafayette Music Club. The following week the organization will present a similar program at a Jefferson High School assembly.
May Queen Kepner Will Reign Af Finals Of University Sing President E. C. Elliott will crown
Ellen Kepner queen of WSGA’s annual May Day tomorrow night at 7 o’clock is the new Hall of Music. The Queen, dressed in white marquisette, will reign over the finals of the University Sing which will immediately follow the coronation.
Miss Kepner will hold court in a
terraced bower. Her attendants will wear gowns of pastel shades. Karen Skiver and Gretchen Risk, the two five year old flower girls, wearing marquisette gowns similar to the Queen’s will carry baskets filled with rose petals. The musical background will be supplied by the University orchestra and harpists Eve-
lyn Gullion and Jean Miller. The Queen’s court, selected by
faculty members and students consist of Ann Sickman, Treva Berry, Mary Petticrew, Caroline Scott, Louise Shickler, Margaret Stocker,
Peg Little, and Alice Martens. WSGA members in charge of
May Day are Mary Ellen Scarff, chairman; Alberta Densford, program; Jane Van Gorkhom, decorations; Mary Reuther and Gloris Erickson, flowers; Sue Webb, Jean Horn, Dorothy Vermillion, and Ruth Stephenson, costumes; Paula Zwierlin, WSGA president, general chairman; and Miss Eleanor Tilford, head of Women’s Resident Hall
West, advisor.
Carolyn Bradley, Water Color Artist, Shows Work Freshness of color and variety in subject matter characterizes the water color exhibit of Miss Carolyn Bradley, considered one of the leading water color artists in the country, now on display in Home Economics Building Number 2. The exhibit includes landscapes, portraits, and still life arrangements. Miss Bradley studied at the John Herron Art Institute, and has painted in Europe, Mexico, and Canada as well as the United States, and is internationally acclaimed.
Amsterdam, Holland, May 9— Planes, believed to be undoubtedly German, bombed and landed parachute troops at several strategic points in Holland. The troops were landed near Hoozewaluwe which is a main point of communication between northern and southern Holland. The German troops crossed the border at a point 8 miles from the Belgian border. Other troops crossed to Dutch territory
in rubber boats.
The troops were preceded by a large scale bombing raid in which Nazi planes swarmed over several Dutch cities simultaneously. The attacking planes were met by Dutch pursuit ships and an intense air battle is being waged over the city
of Rotterdam.
The planes bombed the airdome at Schipol which is one of the main air ports near Rotterdam, one of the main seaports of Holland. The Dutch authorities warned the citizenry to be on the lookout for parachute troops. The Dutch were not taken by complete surprise as that country has been preparing for invasion for some time. Varsity Magazine To Feature Purdue in Wabash Series Purdue University will be one of the featured colleges in the “Banks of the Wabash” section of May 13 issue of Varsity, the college news magazine. Pictures of Georgann Schilling, editor of “Pardon Me”; Barbara Cook, national diving champion; swimming coach Dick Papenguth; and Vivian Dickerson will appear, along with sereval pictures from the Union puttering room and the WRH. Another feature of the coming issue will be a “Collegians at the Kenutcky Derby” spread taken during the 66th running of the threeyear old classic last week. T, J, Horwath . . . CE ’31, has just returned to this country with his family from engineei’ing employment abroad representing the M. W. Kellog Company of New York. He spent two and one-half years in Persia and eight months in Palestine on the erection of oil refineries. He is now representing his company at Perth Amboy, New Jersey.
KDR's, Phi Tau% Will Do Battle In Annual Wagon Fight Tonight
By Chuck Kennedy Tonight, sometime between 7:30 and 8 o’clock the Kappa Delta Rhos and the Phi Kappa Taus will engage in hand to hand battle in their traditional wagon fight. The brawl will be held in a juicy ravine about a hundred yards up the road on route 52 past the KDR house. The fight which is the last survivor of the old time brawls, typified so well by the tank fight of bygone years, is held each year at this time. The two houses alternate in procuring the wagon and moistening the mud hole. This year is the turn of the Phi Tau’s. The fight originated years ago during one hell week when the pledges from the KDR house were pulling the actives to the village after the mail early one morning on a wagon as they were wont to do. The Phi Taus instructed their neophytes to moisten the KDR contihgent with water. Being unarmed, the boys from up the road could do nothing until the following morning when they equipped themselves with bludgeons and met the Phi Taus in gory encounter. It was so much fun that all concerned decided to continue the battle each year. From that point it has progressed from a fight in which the invading group tried to pull the wagon from the mud to the point
where the wagon is all but forgotten as the lads endeavor to steal the opposition’s drawers. The side which has the greatest number of still covered limbs is considered, morally at least, the victor. Eligibility Men from either house can be in the battle only once. This means that on each side there will be approximately fifteen men. These wijfi be pledges and men who were ^iot in the fight last year. Those who feel they are capable of witnessing the battle for the survival of the fittest without swooning are invited by the officials of both houses to watch the fun. Social Science Faculty Honors Wives At Dinner History, Government, and Economics department held its annual ladies-night dinner in the East Faculty lounge of the Union last night at 6 o’clock. J. A. Estey, head of the department, was in charge of this informal dinner, which is held every year for the members of the department, their wives and their sweethearts. Mrs. George Simmons, of Oakland, Calif., was a visiting guest.
Twelve Fellowships Awarded For Study By School Foundation Purdue Research Foundation voted twelve fellowships for research in a variety of fields during the coming year at the annual meeting held on the campus last Wednesday. These fellowships will facilitate the further expansion of University research work in the fields of mechanical engineering, agricultural chemistry, chemical engineering, agricultural economics, physical and inorganic chemistry, mathematics, physics, and horticulture. The Foundation named Dr. F. G. Cottrell, New York City, inventor of the Cottrell process, director to succeed Vincent L. Bendix, South Bend. J. A. Dienner, Chicago, EE ’10, was named alumni councillor. President E. C. Elliott was reelected president of the foundation for the coming year. R. B. Stewart, University controller, was re-elect-ed secretary-treasurer, and G. Stanley Meikle, director of research relations with industry, was re-elect-ed director. Other directors who attended the conference were W. H. Winterrowd, ’07, Philadelphia, executive vicepresident of the Baldwin liOCOmotive Works, H. C. Blackwell, ’99, head of the public utilities in Cincinnati, L, W. Lewis, Chicago, director of research for Crane Company, J. K. Lilly, Indianapolis, alumni trustee, and R, L. Harrison, Lafayette, alumni councillor, Stewart Speaks At Co-Op Banquet Last Wednesday night in the Home Economics cafeteria, over 200 students living in co-operative houses and their guests met for their third annual banquet. Toastmaster for the occasion was Robert Hettema. University Controller, Mr. R. B, Stewart, addressed the group on the problems of co-opera-tive living. House Problems Mr. Stewart presented the two problems that students residing in co-operative houses will have to face in the future. One of these was “As co-operatives laise the standards of living will they continue to maintain the present policy of providing )ielp for poor students or will they accept those students who do not need the help?” Secondly, the speaker challenged the group in asking, “Are you going to be unselfish in the co-operation and leave those students who need it a better place to live on the campus in the years to come?” Awards Given President of the board of trustees, David Ross, also spoke a few wolds to the group approving the co-operative movement. An athletic trophy for basketball was presented to Chauncey House. Glenwood house received the scholarship cup for the girls’ house. Recognition was also given to Chauncey house for its high scholastic ranking of last semester. Military To Honor Best Basic Soldier Freshmen and sophomore milit’ary students will compete in the annual best soldier contest to be held in the Armory, tomorrow at 2 o’clock. The contest is designed to select the outstanding students in the basic military school. The freshmen will be tested in gun drill, dismounted drill; and on their usual classroom subjects. Sophomores will be tested on their class room work , as well as on the use of firing instruments and in dismounted drill.
Luncheon, Sing, 'Fresh Fields' FUghlight Saturday Activities This week-end will see the coming of another Mother's Day. A gala program is planned for the visiting mothers. At noon Saturday all mothers and other members of the families will be served a lunch in the south ballroom of the Union. Tickets may be purchased for seventy-five cents from the registration booths.
'Fresh Fields' Plays To Second Nighters In Fowler Hall Playshop presented the second performance of their current production, “Fresh Fields” last night before an enthusiastic audience in Eliza Fowler Hall. The house was approximately two-thirds full. The first act opens with Ladies Mary and Lillian, played by Mary Johnston and Sue Enders respectively, taking breakfast in the library of their home. Lady Mary receives a letter from some friends of her late husband. They are Australians and rich but rude. They are coming for a visit. Seeing a chance to make a little easy money. Lady Mary receives them and the fun begins. Lady Lillian is shocked by the whole thing, and Tim Crabbe, Lady Mary’s son is also no little put out Hoax The hoax progresses through futile attempts to smooth out the rough spots until the climax when it becomes evident that Una, the girl from Australia, played by Vinton Taylor, is in love with Tim, portrayed by Carl Thompson. Tom Larcomb, the Australian boor, played by Don Salmond is also falling for Lady Lillian when Una makes a scene, the whole plot comes out and three of them including the mother as played by Bernice Beisel moves out to the Ritz. All is healed, however when Una finally changes and is presented in court by Lady Strawholme, played by Patricia Frigge. • The family then i;eturns for a visit and the budding romances come out into full bloom as both Tim and Una and Tom and Lady Lillian run off to get marided. Lady Mary and Mrs. Pidgeon, Una’s mother decide to go for a trip around the world. Apparently everyone lived happily ever after. Co-ed Organizations Offer Fellowships Women’s Pan Hellenic Council and Gold Peppers, senior co-ed honorary, are offering an award of $400 to senior women for use in graduate study. The money may be used for study here or at any other school chosen by the recipient. The number of girls receiving part of the award will be decided by the committee in charge on the basis of qualifications and need. Submit Applications Written applications must be sent to the committee in charge of senior awards at the office of the Dean of Women by May 20. Each application must give the applicant’s personal and scholastic qualifications and a brief plan of the expected course of graduate work. Following the written applications personal interviews will be held with the committee and selections will be made. The committee in charge of the award includes Dean Fisher, Dean Stratton, Miss Ruth Houghton, director of Women’s Placement Service, Kathryn Lang, president of Pan Hellenic Council and Georgia Carroll, Gold Pepper president.
Singing Prelims Following the lunch President E. C. Elliott and Dorothy C. Stratton, Dean of Women, will speak. At 2 p.m. preliminaries for the University Sing will be held in the new Hall of Music or on the Oval. A reception line will be formed from 4 to 5:30 p.m. in both ballrooms of the Union composed of President Elliott, Dean Stratton, Dean Fisher, and the various heads of the schools, and the mothers will g;et a chance to meet them. Following the tea and reception, the mothers will be taken to the various fraternity, sorority, Cary Halls, Women’s Residence Halls, and Union building for supper. Individual programs have been planned at the
Saturday, May 11 12:00 p.m.—Luncheon and Program—Union ballroom 2:00 p.m.—University Sing, Preliminaries — Music Hall or Oval 4:00 p.m.—Union Reception and Tea, Main Lounge, Union Building 5:30 p.m.—Dinner Hour 7:00 p.m.—University Sing, Finals — Music Hall or Oval 8:30 p.m.—Playshop 9:00 p.m.—Mother’s Day Mixer, Union Ballroom Sunday, May 12 ..8:30 a.m.—Breakfast Faculty Lounge 9:30 a.m.—YWCA Service for Mothers — Dr. L. R. Gilbreth, Speaker 11:00 a.m.—Religious Services Lafayette and West Lafayette Churches 2:30 p.m.—Gymkhana, Intramui^al Field — Purdue Riding Club
various houses and halls. In the evening at 7 p.m. the finals for the University Sing will be held on the Oval or in tTie Hall of Music if the weather is inclement. President Elliott will crown Ellen Kepner May Queen in a ceremony before the Sing. * Playshop Holds Curtain Playshop will present their last play of the season “Fresh Fields” at 8:30 p.m. to which the students may take their mothers. For those mothers who enjoy dances, a Mother’s Day mixer will be held in the Union ballrooms at 9:00 p.m. Sunday Morning breakfast will be served at the Greek houses and a breakfast for* independent mothers will be served in the faculty lounge of the Union. Dr. Lillian R. Gilbieth will speak at the YWCA service to be held in Eliza Fowler Hall for the mothers at 9:30 a.m. At 11:00 a.in. the students will have a chance to take their mothers to the religious services held in the West Lafayette and Lafayette churches. Rounding out the week-end tor the mothers, a Gymkhana will ta^e place on the Intramui*al Field ht 2:30 p.m. presented by the Purdue Riding Club. ,1
Radio Club
. . , announces the election of tj^he following officei-s for the coming year: M. T. Reynolds, W90KB, president; P. J. Freed, W9VCF, vice-president; J. S. Murtaugh, W9WAD, secretary; and W.' J. Pitcher, treasurer.■ h
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Fiiday, May 10/ 1940
Industrial Foremen's Third Annual Gymkhana Will ^®"®’** 1^®“™®
Inslitute To Convene Perform For Mothers Sunday
Industrial foremen of Indiana and neieliboring* states will convene here Saturday, May 18, for the first Foremen’s Institute of Indiana. Outstanding authorities in their respective fields will appear on the program and will discus^ better methods for handling personnel responsibilities and new trends in production work. Arrangements have been planned for approximately 1000. One of the largest individual groups, of about 300 will travel from Evansville by special train. Hockema To Speak Frank C. Hockema, assistant to President Elliott, will give, the address of welcome, and an outline of the purposes of the Institute ■will be given by Prof. Russell J. Greenly. C. S. Craigmile, -vice-president of the Belden Manufacturing Co., Chicago, will open the program with a discussion of “Profits From Good Industrial Relations.” Thomas H. Quigley, professor of trade and industrial education, Georgia School of Technology, who will fly from Atlanta, Georgia, especially for the meeting, will speak on the “Foreman of Tomorrow.” Louis Ruthenberg, president of Servel, Inc., Evansville, will be principal speaker at a noon luncheon. Paul E. Bergevin, coordinator of the Anderson public schools, a member of the educational committee of the National Association of Foremen, will preside, and R. B. Stewart, Purdue controller, -will act as toastmaster. The afternoon program will contain seven separate round table discussions on topics related to foremanship work, headed by outstanding authorities. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Purdue di-vision of education and apptted psychology, will be the principal speaker at a concluding banquet in the evening. V/RH Dance Tonight Features Jack Davis Tonight the Women’s Residence Halls -will finish their formal social calendar when the girls accompany their escorts of the night to the south ballroom of the Union. Jack Da-vis and his orchestra from the University of Hlinois will hold sway from the, bandstand. The girls will treat the, men to a dinner before the dance at. the Re^pn^l^^alls. Decorations yill be in keeping with the theme of the formal—^Isle of May—and will feature the spring zephers which have been noticeable on the campus the last few days. Weather report: fair and warmer.
By Regina Baker If you’re looking for a pleasant way to entertain your mother Sunday afternoon, why not drive over to Intramural Field at 2:30 p.m. and watch the Gymkhanh? About 75 smartly-attired riders on 50 horses will compete fo* ribbon awards. “Gymkhana” is an unusual name
Briefs By Clarence
After what happened at the AllCampus show Monday night, our conscience no longer bothers us, so we’re free to divulge one or two items of interest. Tell somebody something, and they’ll treat it with little interest. Look at news stories in Ye Expo—^they don’t even get around. —be— But tell ’em it’s a secret, and if you want it to get around, it will. Or don’t you follow Muggs McGinnis in the funnies? Well, there’s no reason why this should get around, but it’s fun to tell secrets. —^bc— Rumor has it that there’ll be a Legion air show here Sunday, the 19th of May. Some mo-vie fan hopes to see Howard Hughes fly in with Ann “Oomph-Girl” Sheridan, and chances are that this may happen . . . too bad the Airport Dance is the folio-wing week-end. —be— Paul Whiteman is not only a music master of repute, but a cattle king of the first water. He made his way, which is as broad as two people’s way, into the ballroom Saturday afternoon before starting to play for the alumni banquet, and immediately pulled from the pocket of his brilliant yellow coat a telegram which described a fine Angus bull he had just purchased. Looking around for someone who might have the appearance of a faculty member, he asked, “Who’s your Angus man around here? I bought a bull, and I want to know if it’s a good one.” Half way through the meal Whiteman was finally introduced to the head of the school of agriculture, who confirmed the maestro’s contentions that his Angus bull was truly a fine animal. —^bc— A questionnaire was passed out last night to those taking the marriage course and one question asked whether the students were more or less desirous of becoming married than before the course began. One bright person asked during the discussion if this were to be interpreted to become MORE or LESS married, now that the perplexities of married life had been di-vulged.
which has come down through the ages from the Hindu language that means “games on horseback.” This year’s show will be the third annual performance on the campus and has proved to be one of the most popular of its kind. Young and old -will be represented on the program with the children amusing the crowd in the “Musical Chairs” number. A special feature of the afternoon will be an exhibition jump by members of the Algonquin Riding Stables from Indianapolis. A fancy get iip number will be put on with harness, horse ornaments and dress as the basis of judging. A trotting race under a saddle should meet with the approval of the crowd. Competition will be keen in the events for younger riders as local equestrians from Lafayette and West Lafayette haVe sent in their entries. Local horses will make up the larger part of the show for only twenty Purdue students have entered.
Claesified Ads
iOE SALE FOK SAUK — Tn^walten. AU ■Uii<bur4 and yartii&la, aoM, vnreluwad. reoted aad repaired. New portable iBiBirbtwee aa tow aa $2».7S. SappUw. C. F. Xbenbea. <96 Stain atreet.
FOR SALE— 1 h. p. motor scooter. 100 miles per gallon. Call 3863. Dewitt.
FOR RENT Rnaa—^Kent-A-Gar SerHoe. Can for . all oceaaiona. Min. (2.60 all nisrkt. Fboae 71<44.
LOST AND POUND Loot: Theta Chi Fraternity Pin. Call 5066. Reward.
owey6
to
l^our'
Make this Mother's Day a memorable one by sending beautiful flowers as your token of love and rememberance. Whether it's to be a lovely corsage for her to wear, a charming bouquet, or a blooming plant—you'll find ours are the finest flowers you can choose. We Wire Flowers Anywhere— The Guaranteed F. T. D. Woyl So even if mother lives far away, send her your Iwe with flowers on Mother's Day. Just give us her name and ac^dress— we'll do the rest! Fresh, beautiful flowers and prompt delivery guaranteed. Qla/Jtdu 3>liftaL ShofL Phone 5432 527 Main Street
Red Cross Recognitions Awarding of Red Cross Life Saving and Water Safety Instructor’s cards to twelve University co-eds took place this week at the Tippecanoe Chapter of the American Red Cross. Applicants had to pass the Instructor’s course and. had to be senior life savers in good standing. Professor Marion Russell of the Department of physical education for women assisted by Betty Spears, Eileen Westover, Mary Lee, and Ann Loring taught the ten hour pre-
liminary course.
The women who completed the course and are qualified to teach life saving and water safety are: Miss Ray Fraser (renewal), Gwen Fellner, Barbara Ford, Esther KirkCurry, Shirley Emhoff, Dolores Hoff, Geneva Heath, Nancy Phillips, Stanis Stroy, Betty Spears, Marjorie Ward, and Ruth Walker.
Notices
PIA Chorus: Rigid rehearsal for the Sing is as follows: Sunday, May 6, at 8 p. m., for 45 minutes; Monday, May 6, Tuesday, May 7, Wednesday, May 8, and Thursday, May 9, 4:16 to 6:16 p. m.; Friday, May 10, 4:30 to 6:30 p. m., and 730 to 9 p. m., that same evening. All music is here and we must all work on this religiously. —-ARCanBALD.
Military Students: No classes or drills will be held on Thursday or Friday, May 9 and 10 except those scheduled as part of the Corp Area Inspection. Members of classes sch^uled to meet the inspector on Thursday or Friday will attend in uniform. —PICKERING.
Outing Club: All members and all persons interested in the Outing Club are urged to attend the next business meeting of the club on Monday, May 13, in room 261 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. The constitution and the next outing will be the main business under consideration. —CORDUA.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, TENNIS RACKET^ and sauash rackets RESTRUNG and repaired. R^ket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 65832. 224 Waldron St.
POMM Members: New members who desire keys sign the list posted on the bulletin board in the Armory before Saturday, April 11. —MASSEY.
For Sale: One Liot High Grade Photographic Equipment, including camera, enlarger, spotlight, tanks, films, paper, etc. Ph. 61261.
Lest: Law-busineee by Speoeer. Phone 5S021.
Stage, Stump, Studio: Tickets for Stage, Stump, Studio banquet may be obtained at Playshop, WBAA and Debate offices. —HULTGREN.
-Will whoever claimed grey topcoat at Lafayette Country Club call 5827. Mixiip on coats.
Lest: K ft X Log-Log Deeitrig Duplex Slide Rule. Call Knight. 8444. Reward.
Lost: Saturday night at Music Hall —■ Brown suede gloves—15 inches long. Please mail to Mrs. Marian M. Smith; 2421 W. Jackson, Muncie, Indiana. Sender will reimbersed.
LOST—A green striped Parker lifetime pen. Lost in the English building. Reward. Phone 4079. Betty Jane Pickard.
Chemistry 29 Conditions: Exams will be held at 1 P-m. Saturday, May 18, in Dr. McBee’s office in the Chem building. McBEE.
The John Marshall
LAW SCHOOL POUNDED 1899 AN r ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL TEXT and CASE METHOD
For Catalog, recom. mended list of pre-legol subjects, ond booklet, "Sludyof Low and Proper Preporotion addresst Edward T. lee, Dean.
COURSES (40 weeks per year) AFTERNOON 31$ years. 5 days... 4:30-6:30 EVENING—4 years Mon., Wed., Fri., 6:30-9:20 POST-GRADUATE 1 year..lwice a week Practice courses exclusively.(Evenings) Two years' college work required for entrance. Courses lead to degrees. New classes form in Sept, and Fab.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago, III.
_AND —
■—with— ■■ JOHNNY MAC BROWN — ALSO — m> 9,^' «a «
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLldNr
u’srpifotr-^M
“Fifteen years I been a mover, lady, and never do I break a plain, ordinary dish—always it’s gotta be a priceless heirloom!” ^
Purdue Agriculturist: Tickets for the Agriculturist banquet to be held Monday evening, May 13, will be on sale in the office 'Thursday and Friday evenings of this week from 4 to 6 o’clock. All reservations must be made by 12 o'clock noon Saturday, May 11. —BURBRINK.
refreshments first. Leave for the rink at 10 p.m. Tickets 25 cents. Free to those who drive. —McFADDEN.
Women’s Class Baseball: Practice at 4 p.m. Friday, May 10, 13, and 14. 'Two practices are required. " —PIDGEON.
Gimlet Pledges: Meet at SPE house on Monday, May 13, at 8 p.m. for initiation. Bring supplies plus towel. Active# be there too. —FRAKBE.
Freshmen Engineers: Engineering lectures will not meet this coming Saturday, May 11. Meetings by schools and curricula will be held on Saturday, May 18. —KNAPP.
Freshman Union Workers: Come to the workshop as soon as possible after 2 p.m. Monday, May 10. —BROOKS.
Aeromodelers: There will be am important meeting tonight at 7:30 in room 364 of the Union. —HARKHR.
Wesley Foundation: Roller skating party Friday, May 10, at 8 ;80 p.m. Games and
Debris Editorial Sopboneores: hmportant meeting in Debris office 4 o’clodk today. May 10. —STRONG.
Cosmopolitan Club: Short program and special election Friday, May 10, at 4 :S0 p.m., in room 304 of Union. Banquet announcement will be made. —SHICKEL.
EE Seniors: All students wishing to have their picture included in the 1940 class picture please fill out the form provided in the main office of the electrical engineering building. Please do this promptly. —STRADLING.
LEARN TO DANCE PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT IN BALLROOM AND STAGE DANCING PHONE 2150 Hall Rented To Sororities and Fraternities
B^^UA ■ TODAY - SATURDAY—
-2 FIRST RUN HITS—
HUWIWI riHIin RAY mium ^ELLEN ^DiEW
RICHARD ARLEN • ROCHELLE HUDSON MARIAN MARSH • ISABEL JEWELL A COLUMBIA PICTURE
lUAItl
— TODAY-SATURDAY — —2 FIRST RUN HITS—
His lips sealed by a secret vowl
(BWaiHlUBS joWBM DAVIB. IR.{ DORIS DAY PLUS— i MPAUL Cmi.F<yYLRl
-JOHN KING MARJORIE REYNOLDS 6E0R6E CLEVELAND
Starts SATURDAY
BING BRINGS YOU A NEW STAR OF STMS ..that melody man is here, with the new screen-sation oi the nation..6L0RIA JEAN!
-LAST TIMES TODAY-,- .r.'„. ./. . ..., ..v„,.'.,.., .. - i -;,,
■* •: -v.-'-"in =
Friday, Mqy 10* 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Boilermaker Tracksters Meet Illinois At Champaign Tomorrow Coach Hermian Phillips' track squad will leave early tomorrow morning for Champaign, Illinois, where they will engage the highly touted University of Illinois cinder squad in quest of their fourth consecutive dual meet win of the 1940 season. Although the Riveters already have won decisive victories over Wayne, Michigan State, and Chicago, the Illini thinlies are considered a much more formidable opponent than any of this trio, and should provide the Gold and Black team* with some of the stiffest competition they have faced this season. In view of the splendid record that .
the Illinois squad has made thus far this season, Coach Phillips anticipates an exceedingly close contest, with the possibility of keeping the dual meet glate clean, resting op the points garnered through
second and third places.
Edwards Weakened
In the final preparation for the meet yesterday afternoon, the Boilermaker thinlies ran through a light warm-up session, with no strenuous activity scheduled. The entire squad appears to be in good condition, although pole; vaulter Edwards has not regained the indoor season form, which saw him clearing the bar at IS feet and three inches, since he suffered a severe ankle in-
jury several weeks ago.
Edward’s understudy in the pole vault, Campbell, also is suffering ffom an ankle injury and it is doubtful that he will make the trip this week. Unfavorable weather conditions have also been a serious drawback to the polevaulters, playing hob with the outdoor training per-
iod.
Holderman Still Tops Ed Holderman, Who is undefeated in dual meet competition this season, is in his best form of the year, and should be able to cop both the mile and half mile in tomorrow’s meet. Holderman was credited with turning in the fastest collegiate
mile of the season when he won the event at the Michigan AAU tournament in the fast time of 4:13.2. This is the tenth of a second less than the time turned in by Campbell Kane, Indiana trackster, in the Big Ten indoor meet, when Holderman wqs handed his only loss of the sea-
son.
Others Plenty Potent Captain Shackleton, Anthony, and Fisher in the quarter and relay races; Rankin in the hurdles; Weber in the shot; and Gaulke and Tycocki in the dashes should join with Holderman in carrying the brunt of the Boilermaker attack in the meet tomorrow.
. . . for qualifying play in the All Campus Golf Tournament will be this afternoon. Match play of the tourney will begin tomorrow morn-
ing in all flights.
Rutgers University will celebrate the 175th anniversary of its founding in October.
Furnaces at South Dakota State
College requires 6,500 tons of coal
during the heating season.'
POPCORN
DAD'S
SOFT DRINKS
PLACE
ICE CREAM
So Handy ♦
LAST CHANCE OUR MID-SEASON SALE IS OVER SATURDAY NIGHT
It is your last chance to purchase these quality suits and topcoats at ^ch a low price. Don't fail to see these before it is to late.
THREE special GROUPS $1885 $2335 $2995
HART SCHAFFNER & MARX KUPPENHEIMER VARSITY CLIPPER CRAFT CLOTHES
Riveters Face
Tennis Team Meets
J-juddah'A
Bcbwt J; l>Mkard THIS UMPIRE WRONG It would almost have taxed the eloquence of a William Jennings Bryan to convince a fraternity league baseball umpire Wednesday last that strike is a strike and not a ball as this arbiter ruled in a setup, which is below, during a game between the Betas and Sig Eps. —^fc— The situation was as follows The pitcher threw an inside pitch and the batter stepped back out of a supposed “batting box” area and took a cut at the ball, missing it. The umpire called the pitch a ball because the batter had to step out of the batter’s box to evade the pitched ball, even though the batter struck and missed the sphere. —fc^— The matter was later settled for a strike . . . But this department yesterday took upon itself to ascertain whether the umpire, “who’s always right,” was right or wrong in his calling of this particular play. —^fc— Dutch Fehring, Boilermaker baseball coach, gave us the official ruling of such a play, which follows: If there is a definite box established, which means that the box is outlined with lime, or-what-have-you, a pitch causing the batter to step out of the established box to prevent personal injury, etc. is officially a ball. —^f c— In other words, if the batter had swung and missed and stepped away from the plate in doing so, the pitch is officially a strike. This is a rule that appears in the 1940 official rule book.
Against Dangerous Hard Hitting Nine A well balanced University of Illinois nine will challenge the Boilermaker diamond forces this afternoon on Ross Ade Field at 4:00 in the initial game of a two game series that will be terminated tomorrow afternoon. Coach Dutch Fehring announced last night that his ace hurler Bob Bailey will appear on
the mound against the Illini.
Bailey, who already has confer- ""
ence victories over Ohio State and Chicago, will be after his third Big Ten win of the season. He will be opposed by Illinois’ big right hander A1 Grant, who last year handcuffed the Boilermakers to a pair of hits to get credit for a 1-0 victory. Grant is one of the steadiest hurlers in the league, and during last year’s battle retired the last 19 men to face him in order.
Probable Starting Line-ups Illinois . Purdue Astroth, 3b McFerren, 2b Drechsler, If Vernon, cf Evers, cf Mackiewicz, 3b Hapac, lb Waterhouse, If Drish 2b Hearne, ss Pyrz, ss Stamm, rf Brewer, c ... Smithson, lb Milosevich, rf Fisher, c Grant, p Bailey, p A trio of Illinois basketball stars, batting third, fourth, and fifth in the Blue and Orange batting order, swing the big bats for the invading nine. Hapac, in the cleanup position, with a hefty .351 average, Evers, Avith a .333 average, and Drish, batting only slightly less, are leading the Illinois hitting attack. Hapac holds down the initial bag, Drish the keystone, and Evers roams around in center field. Pyrz Beats Champs Astroth, at the hot comer, and Captain Pyrz, who was responsible for Iowa’s lone defeat of the season by virtue of his ninth inning triple, at shortstop, complete one of the most efficient infields in the Western Conference,
Complete line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Villagre
News from the Shirt Front Comtnutiique # 36 -— Arrow Summer shirts have been peppered from stem to stern vvith a million tiny holes—completely air conditioned for hot weather comfort. Camouflaged as a shirt, this Arrow cooling system comes in blue, tan, grey, and white, in collars of your choice. They’re all Sanforized-Shrunk . . fabric shrinkage less than 1%. A new shirt free if one ever shrinks out of fit. ... $2 up.
ARROIV SHIRTS
J
Hoping to continue the Riveters’ newly attained hitting power, climaxed by a 19 hit, 15 run victory over Wabash Wednesday, Coach Fehx-ing is expected to use the same line-up which proved so effective in scoring an eight run barrage in the first inning of the Little Giant slaughter. Wes Waterhouse, who is leading the hitters with a .350 efficiency," will retain injured Don Blanken’s left field post, while Stamm, who is also batting over
.300, will be in right field.
In the final game of the series tomorrow afternoon. Boilermaker Higgins will face Pacotti, who already has three conference wins to his credit. The game will start at
2 o’clock in the afternoon.
Following a demonstration between two expert alumni, the Pocket and Billiards tournament got under way last night. M. H. Ingleman and Leon Dailey began the contest with an exhibition for the best two out of three games. Ingleman won the firsts two and Dailey won the final one. Following the demonstration, tourney play began in order to eliminate the starting field of 28 down to seven. The surviving seven wiU then hold a round robin tourney in order to find the champion cue artist. Matches will be held each afternoon and evening until the eliminations are completed. IM Schscfubs TENNIS 4 :15—^Friday, May 10 Singles: Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi Alpha Tau Omega vs Phi Delta or Kappa Sigma Sigma Ghi vs Sigma Pi or Tau Epsilon Phi Alpha Gamma Rho vs Phi Kappa Psi or S. P. E. Pi Kappa Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma Class B Doubles: Phi Delta Theta vs Theta Chi Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Sigma Kappa Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Chi Sigma Phi Epsilon, vs Beta Sigma Psi Theta Tau vs Tau Epsilon Phi Delta Upsllon vs Phi Kappa Sigma Phi Kappa vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Pi vs Sigma Nu Pi Kappa Phi vs Alpha Chi Rho Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Tau Kappa Delta Rho vs Theta Xi
A five man tennis squad, accompanied by Coach Larry Labree, left late yesterday afternoon for Iowa City, Iowa, for a triangular match with Iowa and Dlinois comprising the remaining two angles. Each team will play both of the other teams during the matches which will be held both today and Saturday. The team match will consist of four single matches and a pair of double niatches. The quintet of racqueteers representing the Gold and Black during the meet will be l^d by Captain Herb Fuente, number one man. Jim Hebbeler, who has been handicapped the last week with an injured ankle, appears to be in near top condition, and should be a strong contender during the meet. Anderson, Lucht, and Richards are the remaining members of the invading Riveter squad. Richards earned the number five spot on the team by defeating Berg in a close match Wednesday afternoon. Little is known of the strength of the Iowa team, although the Illinois squad is rated as one of the best in the conference. The Illini have already chalked up victories over many outstanding midwestem teams this season. Co-ed Bowlers Compete In Intercollegiate Meet Several Co-eds competed for the University in an intercollegiate telegraphic girls’ bowling meet held Wednesday night at 7:30 in the Union Bowling Alleys. Illinois and Michigan also entered the event. The teams bowled three lines at their respective colleges and the results will be tabulated and sent to the various competitors. The high scores in the advanced class went to Eva Williamson with a 505, Janet Kendall, 470; Charlotte Lochner, 447; and Betty Passow, 416. The four highest beginning scofes were • made by Julia Irwin, 445; Charlotte Metz, 366; Mary Coungleton,, 366; and Ruth Cohen, 341.
IM Schedule BASEBALL Friday, May 10 Diamond 1 Ward 11 vs Ward 15 2 Ward 7 vs Ward 27 . 3 Ward 12 vs Ward 25 4 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 4 5 Cary Hall 6 vs Gw Hall 10 6 Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 8 ‘7 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 8 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 11 9 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 12 10 Cary. Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 13
To Mother With Love! PURSES
Whether she’s 26 or 66, she’ll love yon for re- ^ ”1 00 membering her with one ^ A * of these $5 to $10 creations ...
Garl^tte HOSIERY Give Mother your very own choice in Hosiery and yon’ll be sure to please ...
59«
to $1.00
322 Main Sf.
Phone 5322
\
%
1.wiU,!hfat^^;rW i ^ <A,!ii»UiAJ
wm
i ly
I ,» ^ ,
.'f,
e
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Friday, May 10, 1940
The Bootnose Says
Yesteiday we went to the national inspection. It was oui fii St inspection in three years. At first we just wandered around and looked at the girls. Some of them ■s\ere pretty. X- Jl The> must have been visitors. V * * Then we looked at the men in uniforms. Theie was a lot of them. Mostly they just stood. We had heard how all these little men would begin to drop off like flies pretty soon, so we watched closely. They fooled us, though. 5t- Jit ;{ None of them dropped. jf. For a long time everyone has just stood and waited. Two girls in front of us did organic chemistry. A couple of little men went running out on the field and set up a ladder. Pretty soon another little man came running out and perched on top of the ladder. He had a camera. So did everyone else. Official figures show 6,000 spectators and 5999% cameras. Jt Jb ^ Then they began to march. We had almost begun to think they couldn’t. Squads to the right of us, squads
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley W. E. Smith
Editor-in-chief Bnaincsa Manager
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managing editor; E M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922, Published daily except Monday during the regnilar academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. ,, Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by Nationai Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial director Night Editor, Skallerup Ass’t. Night Editor, Home Day Ekiitor, IrWin Friday, May 10, 1940
WBAA 11.00—American Institutions — Prof. Robert Phillips 11.-50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Ag Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Markets 1:00—Indiana Employment Service 1:15—Mrs. Jewell Cox—pianist 1:30—Story Time 1:45—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Vocational Guidance 2:30—Parade of Business 2:45—Melody Mart 3:30—Glenn Paxton 3:45—Opera Time 4:15—Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour Foundation Will Discuss Friendships At Meeting “My Ideal Girl Friend” and “My Ideal Boy Friend” will be the topics to be discussed by six student speakers at the Wesley Foundation meeting Sunday evening at 6:30 at the Methodist church. Representatives for the girls will include Joyce Winklepleck, Maxine Wilson, and Mary Ruth Vaught. Everett Hobbs, William Peterson, and John Thompson will speak for the boys. After the talks there will be an opportunity for questions and discussion by the audience.
We found him again so we’ll type out another column for today. We caught him snooping around the fraternity houses looking for pm pushers, since we’ve had such romantic weather. Of course, the spring formals had nothing to do with it. —B &B— The Theta Taus ranked as no. 1 in giving out pins. However, of all the pins given out, there was no coed involved. Russell Schmidt put his decoration on little Olga Onya when she came down from the hometown to the formal. —B & B— . . . then Bill Jordan, Theta Tau, placed his pin on the bosom of his import to the dance,^Frances Mauch. —B & B— There were approximately forty couples at the formal, and only one co-ed present. Believe it or else! —B & B— Lee Cliffqrd, Delta Chi, social chairman, not only planned their spring formal, but also planned a little surprise for his date, Martha Rosencrans. Yep, the young gentle-
ing.
(Paid Ad)
A Good Housewife Knows Her Bread % Yes, a good housewife DOES know her bread — and it almost invariably turns out to be GRAVES’ QUALITY BREAD. Call your nearest grocer or come in to get your next order of bread.
Graves’ quauty Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Catering to PraiernUie$ and SororiHet**
(X) VOTE FOR YOUR QUEEN in the “All-American College Queen CONTEST” Help her win a free trip to the premiere of Paramount Picture’s ' Thosi Win THE Days” at Galesburg, Illinois 11 e "All-American College Quein will be picked from the twel\ e national winners who will attend the premiere The winner will be awarded a tree trip to Hollywood, where she will be given a screen talent audi„cion, visit movie studios and meet the movie stars. Your vote will help her win, m the All-American College Queln” contest sponsored by Paramount Pictures and Movie and Radio Guide. Vote with ballot in current issue of Movie and Radio Guide—now on sale at all newsstands, or send 10c for current issue to Movie and Radio Guide, 731 Plymouth Court, Chicago, Illinois.
Summer Washahles— Keep cool.in an American-Cleaned Palm Beach Suit—We are fully equipped to form-press all Summer-Washables.
Bull Session
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Uciify
to the left of us. Reminded us of the marching Chinese. Our feet got tired on the third round and we left. X sjt * It was all very interesting though, showed the spirit of reciprocity. First the corps stood still and the generals passed in review. Then the generals stood still and the corps passed in review. Xi X> x< We call that democratic.
man put his pin out on her . . . —B & B— Ah! A Chem instructor can be human, too. Mr. J. C. Butler of the chem department was once the proud possessor of a Phi Lambda Upsilon honorary pin. The snoop reports that the latest wearer of said pin is none other than our “Diane,” Juanita Sebum . . . —B & B— When the booths are crowded in the Sweet Shoppe, and you want to look silly, get a few of the opposite sex together with you and sit in the middle of the floor in front of the Shoppe. For further details, see Faith Wayne. —B & B--Hairy-Iegged Harlequins will trip the light fantastic next Wednesday evening at eight bells. Cary Club is presenting a new “All Men’s Show.” Be sure and leave the wallet home. —B & B— Incidentally, the Pi Taus can find their wagon for the fight tonight over in front of the Executive build-
in the past few months there have been several articles in the Exponent concerning final exams. In about a month, they will again take over the campus attention. There has been much discussion as to whether they should be given or eliminated. I think that it should be left up to the student to decide. Here’s a plan which I think would work. Already there are H and A exemptions in some courses. Why not give exemptions in all courses and for all grades? Thus it might be possible to get an H, A, B, P, or C exemption. The instructor would determine the exemption to be given and if the student was satisfied, he wouldn’t take the final. Thus if a student got a B exemption in a course and knew that he could not get any better on the final, re would not waste time, which is so valuable at exam time, on that subject. HoAyever if he felt that by taking the final, he might raise it to an A, he would take the final. The same procedure would apply to all other grades. This plan seems workable to me. Let’s have other ideas. L. P. Cree, Sci. ’42.
Calling cJlll College Qhls Whatever the reason for your coming to New York, there are many reasons why you should make The Barbizon your residence. Daily, it offers the refinement and recreation to which you are accustomed. Musicales... art lectures . .. dramatics ... a fine library . . . swimming pool... sun deck ... squash courts. Live m The Barbizon Manner, and enjoy all cultural and physical activities that add zest and joy to life. 700 rooms, each with a radio Tariff, from $2.50 per day from $12 per week
T-S-ft
rm.9ae o.&Mriciiifmmtm
HI
m
‘Your system is wrong, Irene. Never say youTl go home to mother—always threaten to send for her!”
OPEN FOR BUSINESS Cash for your Used Books and Drawing Instruments University Book Store
M. C. (Red) Sammons ’29 356 State St.
Bob (Doc) Epple Phone 2192
>■ I
WE APPRECIATE YOUR lUSINESS WHETHER IT RE MUCH OR lITTlE
YOrif ALWAYS WCLCOME AT WALCREENS DRUB STORES
This year make it flowers . . . the one gift that so gracefully expresses all your sentiments and gratitude to a grand lady . . . your Mother. You can be sure we have all her favorite blooms or plants. This Week’s Specials
Roses Sweet Peas Tulips
Snapdragons Corsages Hydrangeas
Geraniums Petunias Carnations
ICotL ^ionst, ^nc.
635 Main Street
Luna Theatre Bldg.
Dial 7955-8050