■at.. T
ROTC Passes In Review For National Inspection “Fine show,” remarked Major General W. E. Cole, commander of the Fifth Corps Area, to his aide. Captain Foxhall Sturman. The last squad of the University's ROTC unit had left the intramural field following yesterday's national inspection of the corps, and the inspecting party remained to discuss the events — of the day. ,
Retiring Commander
Col. C. S. Blikely Will Retire From Military Service Colonel C. S. Blakely, professor of military science and tactic^ for the University corps, will retire from active service June 30, according to an announcement made last night by President Elliott during the inspection banquet. Colonel Blakely came to Purdue last September from Fort Sill, Oklahoma, where he was assistant commandant and head of the Field Artillery. He served as brigadiergeneral during the war, and will be retired with that rank. He will not be commander of the University camp at Fort Knox next summer, as was planned. Regrets Leaving “It is with deepest regret and the greatest sorrow that I say good-bye to Pdrdue,” said the Colonel when called upon by “our dictatorial president.” Singing of the “Field Artillery Song,” by the University Men’s Glee Club, directed by A. P. Stewart, and the banquet audience, opened last evening’s program. Aftei several numbers, the Glee Club concluded with “For It’s Always Pair Weather,” dedicated to club seniors. David E. Ross, chairman of the University Board of Trustees, presented the Scabbard and Blade ‘Best Soldier’ awards to five freshmen and five sophomore ROTC students. Cadet Col. J. R. Murray, Cadet Col. R. O. Wickersham, and Cadet First Lieut, R. J. Reifers received sabers for best solutions to pioblems in military tactics. Nothing To Fear “So long as America has men of this calibre, I am sure the nation has nothing to fear,” stated Maj. Gen. W- E. Cole, commanding officer of the Fifth Corps Area, com(Continued on page 3)
Activities of the afternoon, devoted to the University’s Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, began with a formation in the Armory. Here the entire corps honored retiring Sergeant G. C. Bowman with cheers and loud applause for his 20 years service at the University and 30 years service to the country. Colonel C. S. Blakely presented Sergeant Bowman to the corps and gave a short speech in his honor. Cadet Colonel in charge of the corps, W. C. Musham, then ordered the two brigades to “form for review.” Luncheon Guests Immediately preceding the inspection, the army officials. Lieutenant Governor H. F, Schricker, his secretary H. G. Templeton, Ag. ’17, and the wives of all visiting officials were guests at a luncheon at the residence of President and^Mrs. E. C. Elliott. Spectators began gathering at the intramural field about 12:45 waiting for the corps to make its appearance. Still and moving picture cameras were visible on all sides. The University’s military band entered the field at 1:10 and was followed 20 minutes later by the Purdue corps. The four regiments formed on the field and stood “at ease” awaiting the arrival of the inspecting party. Concerning the immobility of the corps at the execution of this command, a national guard officer present remarked, “Look at those ranks—there’s not a move!” 13-Gun Salute At approximately 2:05, thirteen 1 everberating salutes announced the arrival of Major General Cole and his aide. Captain Sturman, at the scene of this year’s inspection. Stepping from the high-powered olive-drab official car, the officers were introduced to the various personages gathered in the section roped off for the inspection party. Following a salute of the flag, the University band led the entire corps past the reviewing stand. Six-ty-four platoons, including the motorized batteries, passed before the visiting officials. Prepare For Inspection Cadet Colonel W. C. Musham called the corps to attention and ordei-ed it to prepax’e for inspection. The official party immediately took over and spent approximately 25 minutes inspecting the 1 anks of the four regiments. Next in line of the afternoon’s activities was the exhibition of calisthenics by the first brigade. Thirteen hundred students removed their hats and coats to perform the exercises in time to music by the band. The second brigade brought the inspection to a close with the execution of “command system” movements. These orders were voiced and carried out by the entiie brigade.
Indicoia Weather
Forecast for Indiana: Generally fair today in east and north portion, mostly cloudy in extreme south portion. Tomorrow probably cloudy and warmer.
Mi Student Vote Will Determine SAA Constitution Changes Today
student Athletic Association constitution amendments will be voted on today between 8 a. m. and 9 p. m. in the basement corridor of the Memorial Union Building. SAA president Bill Bailey also announced that the Student Senate would supervise the elections. A voting table will be set up in Union basement between the sweet shop and cafeteria, and passports will be necessary in order to vote. Every enrolled student is autoxnaticaly a member of the SAA and may vote. Proposed changes in the constitution would provide for the election of both senior and junior SAA officers and senior and junior cheerleaders by means of two electoral boards, rather than by the present popular vote method.
Purdue Exponent
FRIDAY
May 13. 1938
Loioyette. Indiana
VOL. 49
No. 178
Editors Convene For Newspaper Day
Three students and two faculty men would comprise the senior SAA electoral board according to the proposed amendment. The members would be the two retiring senior officers, th? University athletic director, the president of the “P” Men’s Club, and the faculty athletic committee chairman. Senior and junior cheerleaders would be chosen by a committee of the following students and faculty members: four SAA officers, president of Gimlet club, president of Reamer Club, president of Gold Peppers, and the University athletic director. Actual elections of officers for the next year will occur during the latter part of next week, pending the result of the amendment vote.
Maxoi) Plays For Gingliam Gallop Toniglit In Union A head of a girl wearing a mortar board, pictured on the backdrop, will decorate the Union ballroom for Mortar Board’s annual Gingham Gallop tonight. The backdrop, that will bear the heading “Mortar Board,” was designed by Bob Kany. Roy Maxon and his band, who played for the Cary Hall dinner dance last winter, will “swing out” for co-eds and their dates from nine till midnight. The last co-ed bid dance of the year, the Gallop will honor the 10 new pledges to Mortar Board, national senior women’s honorary. Short length cotton dresses will be worn by co-eds attending this informal dance. Mortar Board actives will be easily identified in their white dresses and colored gingham jackets. “Girls may pui chase their tickets for a dollar at the Union desk, the lesidence halls, and sorority houses” said Margaret Richey, chairman of the ticket sales last night. Petitions Available For Student Senate Offices Next Week Petitions for offices in the Student Senate will be available from 4 to 5:30 p. m., Monday through Friday, next week in the student senate office, according to a statement made last night by Senate President C. G. Elliott. A one dollar fee is required for all petitions. Students must have a scholastic index of over 3.0 for their work at the University up to the time of petitioning. From each of the following schools, three men will be chosen to Senate positions—one sophomore, one junior, and one senior: Ag, Chk, CE, EE, ME, Sc., and H Ec. Two representatives from sophomore, junior, and senior classes will be chosen at laige from the schools of Eng.-Law, PSE, Ind. Ed., PE, and Phaim. Dr. Bollinger To Open Wesley Foundation Regional Conference Dr. Hiel D. Bollinger, national executive secretary of Wesley Foundation and member of the national board of the Methodist Episcopal Church, will give the keynote address at the northwest regional conference of the Wesley Foundation tomorrow morning at 8:30 in the West Lafayette M. E. church. “Dramatics and World Peace,” will be the topic of Mr. Harold Ehrensperger, national director of dramatics on the board of education of the national M. E. Church, in his address tomorrow at 1:30 p. m. at the church. Tom Pendall, president of the national committee of Methodist youth, will address the conference Sunday morning at 9 a. m. in Fowler Hall. The main address of the day will be delivered by the Rev, T. T. Brumbaugh, director of the Wesley Foundation of Tokio, Japan, at 10:40 a. m. in the West Lafayette M. E. Church. Jim Ludberg, president of the local Wesley Foundation, will lead ^ discussion on cooperative housing at 10:30 tomorrow morning in the church. Today’s program for the conference consists of an informal fellowship dinner at 6 p. m., presentation of the three-act Bible drama, “The Rock,” at 8 p. m., and communion at 10 p. m.
Alpha Phi Omega Invites Students To Spring Spree All men students and members of the faculty are invited by officers of Alpha Phi Omega, Boy Scout honorary organization, to attend the annual Spring Spree, which will be held tomorrow afternoon at Ross Camp. A treasure hunt, baseball, soccer, and volleyball games, various other games, and a student-faculty tug of war contest will test the mettle of participants. The winning tug-of war team will receive a rope medal. Activities at the camp will continue from 1 until 6 p. m. Transportation to the camp will be furnished from the west entrance of the Union Building. Tickets for the spree, which include dinner, are priced at 50 cents. Zouaves Will Drill Af Airport Dance Zouave squad will present a s]^ecial drill at the Airport dance tonight, Glider Club Vice President B. D. Morgan announced last night. The cabaret dance, an annual affair sponsored by Glider and Flying Clubs, will be held in the hangar from nine to midnight. Lou Schilling and his orchestra will play. Captain L. I. Aretz and Mike Murphy, Kokomo flyer, will pilot planes for dancers who wish to take airplane rides during the evening. Tickets, which must be accompanied by passports, will be taken up at the junction of State Road 26 and the Airport Road, Morgan stated. Townspeople attending the dance must be accompanied by students with passports, he said. Tickets for the dance may be obtained at the Union desk, Deac’s, or Southworth’s for one dollar. There will be free taxi service to the airport ’tonight from 8:45 to 9:30. Couples will be picked up at the west door of the Union Building. Riding Club To Exilibit Equestrian Skill On Stuart Field Sunday “Gymkhana,” an exhibition of the Purdue Riding Club, will be presented Sunday at 2 o’clock on Stuart Field. Several games, among them “Musical Chair,” a popular children’s game, will be played on horseback in addition to a mounted drill, trick riding by Mary Mather and Max Bonham, and an exhibition of jumping by Bonham. All events will be explained and announced Horn a sound truck. Band music will accompany the program, which will last approximately two hours. This wi'll be the first public exhibition of the Riding Club, which was organized last fall, and officials of the club state that, although an exhibition of this type is entirely foreigpi to most of the students, they expect a large attendance. The peculiar name “Gymkhana” is derived from the Hindu language, and it means “games on horseback.” Banquet Will Honor Retiring Senators To honor retiring senior Senators and outstanding educators of the University, the 'Student Sepate will hold a banquet Monday at ^ p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. Retiring President Dan Rohyans will be toastmaster, and will install the new officers which were elected at the last meeting of the Senate. Ten representative members of the faculty have been invited to attend and participate in an informal discussion of University problems which the Senate is considering.
Gilmore Will Deliver Main Address At Annual Banquet Sponsored By Sigma Delta Chi Editors from Indiana and surrounding states will convene here today for the second annual Newspaper Day, sponsored by the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity. Editor W. S. Gilmore of the Detroit News, former resident of Indiana, will deliver the main address of the day on the subject “Has the Press Fulfilled Its Obligation to the Public?” at the banquet to be held in the Union Building tonight at 6:30. Registration will take place in the
Union Board Will Interview, Elect Vice-Presidents From the 32 sophomore workers petitioning for jobs as Student Union vice-presidents, 12 or 13 will be chosen for junior positions at annual elections in the Union offices tomorrow afternoon. The Student Union board, consisting of all elected officers of the Union and faculty advisors President Elliott and Union Manager Lloyd Vallely, will start interviewing candidates promptly at 1 p. m. Each sophomore petitioning for office will be allowed a five minute personal interview. On completing the interviews the board will elect by popular ballot, the vice-presi-dents for the year 1938-39. Twelve of the 32 petitioners are women. Of the 12 or 13 vice-presi-dents elected, three or four will be co-eds. Four co-eds and nine eds have made up the staff of vice-presidents this year. Election of senior Student Union officers will be held Tuesday evening. From the present group of 13 junior officers, a president, executive, activities chairman, and co-ed executive will be chosen.
great hall of the Union Building today starting at 10 a. m. The program for the day will begin it noon with luncheon in the reception room. As lunch can not be served in that room, it may be Herbert Heimlich ordered from the Union cafeteria and brought upstairs to the reception room. Discussion At 1 p. m. Discussion groups will start at 1 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union with such speakers as R. A. Brodhecker, of the Brownston Banner; C. E. VanValer, of the Gas City Journal; Cy Parker of the LaPorte Herald-Argus; Earl Mushlitz, of the Indianapolis Star; and Herbert Heimlich of the Lafayette JournalCourier. Initiation ceremonies for several pledges and associates will begin at 5:15, and be followed at 6:30 by the banquet. Reservations for this banquet may be made at the registration desk or at the West Union desk at $1.25 per plate. * Announce Awards Sigma Delta Chi will annoimce prize awards for the past five weeks at the banquet tonight. Ten winners will be selected from Exponent workers, and one each from each of the University’s monthly publications. All students or faculty members interested in journalism are invited to attend the afternoon sessions or the banquet in the evening.
Union Workers Complete Tabulations Of Survey
By Jerry Torrence, Jr. According to a survey recently completed by freshmen and sophomore Union workers, under the direction of Union Executive Louis Putze, 42,657 people passed in and out of the Memorial Union Building m one week. The survey began Monday, Febluray 21, and ran daily from 8 a. m. to 10 p. m., ending Sunday, February 27. That week \vas selected as a typical week in the Union Building—a few small conventions, dinners, and dances. The purpose of the survey was to discover those things which will increase the usefulness of the Union. First Step The first step in the survey was to determine the number of people that entered the building, through which doors they entered, and where they went after entering. To do this over a period of seven 14hour periods required the services and cooperation of many people. Realizing that it would be possible to increase the usefulness of the present facilities, the aggressive Student Union offered its entire organization to assist in the survey, welcoming the chance to prove that new facilities are needed. This body of workers selected 11 places in the Union Building best located to give the most data regarding the flow of traffic in the building. Pacers Keep Count Pacers secured from the military department solved th© problem of finding a means to keep an accurate count of traffic. The pacei's were mounted on boards, the number of pacers per board depending upon
the number of directions of flow to be counted. A total of 53 directions of flow were tabulated. Having the greatest number of directions flow was the station at the west end of the basement corridor (between the sweet shop and the cafeteria) which claimed eight. The station at the south door had the least, two. It was discovered that 7.2 persons enter the building per minute. The busiest consecutive hours were found to be from four to seven p. m. and the busiest hour from noon to 1 p. m. These figur es will enable Union officials to more profitably distribute their employee’s working hours. For example, more waitresses can be on hand during these busy houi-s instead of during the quieter periods. Daily Averages Almost as many people passed the grill (31,834 or a daily average of 4,549) as passed by the browsing room (32,644 or a daily average of 4,776) within a week. Approximately 19,600 persons went through the cafeteria in a week, but only 8,400 ate there. Of the 31,843 people that passed the entrance to the bowling alleys, only L644 entered. This is'an average of 235 in the alleys each day, or a little more than three people per hour. Of the 2,262 persons who passed the music room door on the second floor, 1,319 entered"— which is an average of 188 a day. Three hundred seventy-five people per hour passed between the first and second floors during the busy hours between 3 and 8 p. m.i
£dibfuaL
THE PDBDOE EXPONENT
dlunufc
Friday, May 13, 1938
Jhs £dijtoh Sajf&: Newsmen Seldom...
... have a day dedicated to them. From the nature of their work they are perpetually writing about or helping create “days” for everyone else. Thus when a Newspaper Day does occur, it is cause for celebration among hard-working journalists and publishers. Such a day is this one, for the Purdue chapter of Sigma Delta Chi and the Northern Indiana Alumni chapter of the organization are cooperating in sponsoring a “day” for the practicing journalists of the state.
A banker or a lawyer or a baker or a candlestick maker may get together with his fellow artisans and not talk shop .. . but it is not possible for journalists to refrain from discussing their work when they meet. So it is with today’s Newspaper Day. The program for this afternoon includes discussions on the future of weekly and daily newspapers and opportunities for the college graduate in journalism, while tonight’s banquet will be addressed by a noted editor on “Has the Press Fulfilled Its Obligation to the Community ?”
As serious as this array of discussion material seems, we’ll bet that the newsmen have a good time. No group of people seem to enjoy a good discussion as much as journalists do. The hotter and more fiery the discussion, the better as far as they are concerned.
That these editors and publishers of Indiana perform valuable services for the University each year is not doubted. It is their hearty cooperation with the University Publicity Bureau which helps make the name of Purdue well known.
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as aecond elaaa matter at the poet offiec in Lafarette, Indiana, under the act of Conarresa of Mardi 8, 1879, and at the apecial rate of poatace provided for in aection 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1017, aothoriied Jan. 20, 1922. Publiahed dailr except Monday during Uie regular academic year and weekly during tihe Summer Sesaion. Campua aubscriptiona $8 per year; by mail $8.60.
Edltor-In-CUcf
Biutn«M ManacM'
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor , J. E. BroA Editor’. Secretary Margaret Bawyor Aasoeiate Editor. ^ D. A. BaHegr, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. L Stanba^ D. K. Vaneo Sophomore Aaaiatanta—J. Deckard, G. W. FrederWt, K. C. Houaton, K. E5. Inaley, B. L. Keek, W. A. Kroeplin, G. J. Tafel, D. G. Terrio, G. A. Torrence, J. O. Woodaon CO-ED STAFF Editor .KHiabeth Pyke Aaaociate !IMitoni Muy Cocdey, Dorothea Juatin, Sally McKee SPOKTS STAFF Editor....^ Jl. F. Obenchain Associate liters .J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Wltwer BUSINESS STAFF Aaslatant Buaineaa Manager_» — J. P. Girard National Advertiain'g Manager W. J. uiUilan Local Adverttalng Manager B. B. Heoaler Circulation Manager M. O. Reeyes MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6087 Burinasa Phone 8088
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Van Hook * Friday, May 13, 1938
We believe Sigma Delta Chi is performing a definite service by entertaining these men.
and sincerely hope the Newspaper Day will be a success. We of the Exponent are journalists as much as it is possible for a college student to be, and we will do our part to show our fellow journalists a “good time.”
Second Aiinuil Rush School Will Convene In Union On June 4
collegiate
Second Annual Purdue Rush School will be held Saturday afternoon, June 4, in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, it was announced last night by Roy Frentz, managei- of the local Stewart Howe Alumni Service, and program chairman foi' the rushing school. At the 1937 rush school Dean M. L. Fisher spoke on “Building Good Will for the Fraternity System.” C. E. Dammon, counselor of extramural relations for the University, and assistant dean of men, gave a talk pointing out that rush chairmen are representatives of the University, and are often the first contact the incoming freshman has with the University.
In attendance at the rushing school will be the rush chairman, president, and faculty advisor of each of the 42 Greek organizations on the campus. The school aims to solve the mutual problems of rush chairmen, and also bring about a closer cooperation between the various fraternities.
It looks like Joe College is changing his name to Johnny Stage-Door. The Messrs. Shubert, who make a business of producing Broadway shows and who always have an eye or maybe it’s an ear, cocked for publicity, have organized a college date bureau for the shapely chorines in their “Hooray For What” musical. If you’re in the vicinity of New Yoi:k some week-end and want to squire one of the Shubert lassies about town, all you have to do is write beforehand to the show’s college date bureau, answer a rather inane questionnaire giving more information than the registrar requires including how much money you’re prepared to spend and what you expect to do on the date, give three character references, and have your application okehed by your dean. Then your application is first considered, and if one of the girls hasn’t anything else to do and feels like doing the Shag, she accepts the date. It would seem to us like it’s much easier to get a job, even in these times.
Roger Williams Group To Hold BauguetTouight In Cynthia Jones Hall
Roger Williams Club will hold its annual banquet in Cynthia Jones Hall tonight at 6:15. An address by Rev. J. B. Gleason entitled “Launching Out Onto the Deep,” marimba music by Gordon Mather, and a prophecy by the junior class with a reply from the senior class are included on the program. Tomorrow afternoon, the annual club picnic will be held at the White House at Big Rock, on the Tippecanoe River. Club members will meet at the West Lafayette Baptist church at 1:30; transportation will be furnished.
Pledges of Theta Epsilon, Baptist girls’ sorority, will remain in the White House tomorrow evening for initiation. They will return to town following a breakfast, Sunday morning. '
Nineteen Oil Paintings Are On Display In Music Room
Billy Ely, who at the age of five, is the youngest student in the history of New York University, would much rather attend class than play marbles. This unusual child displays considerable artistic talent; he is a member of the class conducted by Dr. Harvery Zorbaugh
in his efforts to bring out the latent genius in youth experimental education. Billy’s father. Dr. Richard T. Ely, 84, is president of the Institute of Economic Research and the oldest active professor at Columbia University.
Oil paintings of outstanding con-tempoi-ary Indiana artists are now on display in the music room of the Memorial Union Building, and will remain there the rest of the month.
1912
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
KAY
Nineteen paintings, all selected by Wilbur D. Peat, director of the John HeiTon Art Institute were chosen from the annual spring show of contemporary work in Indianapolis. The subject matter for the oil paintings varies. Some interpret landscape while others reveal character through still life portraits. Clifton Wheeler, a well-known Hoosier artist, and Oakley Richey an instructor in the John Herron Art Institute, are among the Indiana artists represented.
TODAY — SATURDAY
Francis
Bjffen
Lambda Chi Alpha
.. . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following: J. W. Christy, Indianapolis; C. V. Flaherty, Lorraine, 0.; C. W. Heady, Indianapolis; J. B. Johnson, Fort Wayne; J. R. Kennedy, Lorraine, O.; R. Krull, Hobart; T. D. Lantz, Anderson; S. B. Legg, Windfall; F. R. Miller, Richmond; T. C. Noland, Woods Hole, Mass.; E. Slick, Walkerton; F. W. O. Vollmer, Roosevelt L. I., N. Y.; J. F. Wadsworth, Barberton, O.; G. Sauter, Kobart; and G. Gale, Petersham, Mass.
STARTING SATURDAY
LEO
FELLOWS • CARRILLO
MARTHA RAYE BURNS and ALLEN IN COLLEGE SWING”
BiW,
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
WHAT PRICE WOMEN . . . . . . the Phi Psi’s just passed on a new resolution that any brother who puts out his pin must pay a fifty (50) dollar fine, or buy a “sweetheart” pin.
THIS WILL COVER . . . .. . two evils ... one is that it won|t hurt the house financially, and two is that the boys will not be apt to take their pin back after they have made that fifty buck down payment.
NOTICE EDS . . . ... It seems that there is to be quite a few Indiana University coeds in town this week-end. Incidently if any of our co-eds called you up to fix you up with one of the lU gals—don’t be a sap, take it.
ABOUT THIS TIME . . . ... of the year it is the favorite indoor sport to try and figure out who is going to get what offices. Everyone can’t have an office, so we suggest that the “left-outs” get together and start a Gripe Group.
Cepr. 1938 by United Featore Syndlcate^'Ine.
'When I hired you I wanted a man say ‘yes’—not just ‘uhhuh’!”
THE STATUS OF.. . . . this group will be to meet once a week and explain just how they DIDN’T get in office. Of course the meeting will be secret.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT
WE WOULD LIKE . . . ... to know if the Theta’s are really going to move to the West side of the campus, and why they are keeping it such a secret . . . don’t worry we won’t tell a soul.
ARC
TODAY — TOMORROW
WORRY, WORRY, WORRY . . . ... is all that WRH Beauty Seibert can get done these days. Why ? She, beauty that she is, proposed in a Speech 14 class that Prom committees as well as all other dance committees, forbid the bringing of imports to dances. Now she is suffering the consequences.
V*®.; S-°' ?vf®Mwu*is iwaisT
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER SESSION EXPONENT
-ALSOTAINTED STALLION” No. 9 --Plus— “SPORT REEL”
TODAY — TOMORROW 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
-Plus TELEPHONE OPERATOR —with— JUDITH ALLEN Grant Withers Warren. Hymer Alice White
r
’’ALBERT JUST WON'T BE WITHOUT HIS V8
by ROGER F. WURTZ *41, WIscoasla Oefopu
liHt ^ \
Friday. May 13. 1938
THEPUBDUE
EXPONENT
Playing without the services of Morry Wakefield, senior net man, Coach Larry LaBree’s tennis squad will journey to Ann Arbor today to meet the University of Michigan team. From Ann Arbor the squad will travel to Chicago where it will play Armour Tech tomorrow. Wakefield was the number one player on the Boilermaker squad last year but has been out some this season because of illness. Fuente, who has held down the first spot for the Purdue netters this year, will play in that position on the trip. Gardner and Blitz will be the number two and three men.
League Standings NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost Pet. New York 18 3 .857 Chicago 14 9 .609 Pittsburgh 11 9 .550 Cincinnati 12 11 .522 Boston 7 10 .412 Brooklyn 9 14 .391 St. Louis 8 12 .400 Philadelphia 4 15 .211 Yesterday’s Results Cincinnati, 4; Boston, 0. Chicago, 9; Brooklyn, 5. All other games postponed.
Five singles and two doubles matches will be contested in each of the scheduled meets, so five men will take the trip. The number four and five men are being decided in an elimination tourney between Trayler, Jackson, Mann, and Brodski.
AMERICAN LEAGUE Won Lost Washington 16 8 New York 14 8 Cleveland 14 8 Boston 13 8 Detroit 8 12 Chicago 7 11 Philadelphia 6 13 St. Louis 6 16 Yesterday’s Results Washington, 7; Detroit, 6. Cleveland, 3; New York, 2. All other games postponed.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE SUMMER EXPONENT
Gradyafion Portraits in Yoyr Cap and Gown
HINEA'S
634 MAIN
PHONE 7775
"The proof of the pudding is in the eating.” And you can’t improve on that old proverb—it says a^mouthful. We invite you to discover the better meals served in the Union Cafeteria, and make this your favorite eating place.
JhiL fijuAdwL TIIjmiAmL lAnimu
Corner of the Campu9-’Yet the Center of AcHvUies
attles Indi
Pet. .667 .636 .636 .619 .400 .389 .316 .273
Li
Thirteen pledges to Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman women’s scholastic honorary, will be initiated on Sunday morning at 8 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. A breakfast for pledges and members will follow the initiation ceremony. The pledges entertained the actives with a stunt at a pledge meeting in the Union last night at 7:30 o’clock.
We Carry a Complete Line of ARROW Shirts and Ties
West Lafayette
Sing, brother, sing I
In every fraternity the Gordon Oxfoitl shirt takes house honors for year 'round endiuxmce, outhentio style and superb tailoring. A campus celebrity—no less. $2 eodi
JRROff SHIRTS
A new shirt tree If one ever shrinks
Buy ARROW Shirts and Ties at DEWENTER’S 416 MAIN STREET
ay And Tomorrow
First Place In Conference Title Race At Stake As Ancient Rivals Meet In an effort to break the tie for first place in Big Ten baseball competition Purdue’s diamond squad will journey to Bloomington, leaving this morning, where they will engage the Crimson nine in a two-game series this afternoon and tomorrow. With first place at stake coach ^ . “Dutch” Fehring will start Arnold Jk'VSi'OL^CS Bredewater, veteran righ hander, G AB H W Pet. on the mound in the first game this Lyboult 8 29 6 1 .207 afternoon, with Stu Heiss being the Vernon 15 50 9 7 .106 probable selection to do trie hurling Stamm 10 43 11 1 .256 Saturday’s game. Dean 16 67 25 5 .240 , ,, Mackiewicz .. 17 68 25 5 .368 Regular Lineup Thompson .... 17 68 25 5 .140 The line-up and batting order will Waling 13 43 10 4 .233 'be the same as in pi’evious games McAfee 9 31 4 2 .129 this season, with Hearne on second Arn. Brede’ter.. 9 21 6 1 .286 base. Dean, rf; Dickinson, cf; MackHeiss 7 11 0 2 .000 iewicz, '3b; Vernon, If; Thompson, Hearne 14 37 11 11 .298 ss; Doan, lb; McAfee, c; and BredeKurtz 1 3 0 0 .000 water the pitcher, ^ ^ Yesterday’s pi-actice consisted of Johnson 1 2 1 0 .500 ^ short workout for the members of 4 9 3 1 .333 Mangas 7 12 3 0 .250 most of the time taken up in Higgins 1 3 2 0 .667 hitting. The complete squad that ^ ^ ^ ^ 1.000 .^122 leave here this morning will be Decker 1 2 0 0 .000 niade up of Arnold Bredewater, ArWarner 4 5 1 2 .200 thur Bredewater, Breslin, Dean, 2 3 1 0 .333 Dickinson, Doan, Heiss, Hearne, 1 1 ^ ^ Higgins, Lyboult, Johnson, Mangas, Dickinson ... . 12 45 15 1 .334 Mackiewicz, McAfee, Krause, WalArt Bred’ter ... 7 16 2 6 .125 j^g.^ Thompson, Stamm, Warner, Krause 2 7 2 0 .286 Vernon. Totals 17 576 144 61 .250
“The Phenomena of Flight” will be the subject of a lecture to be given by Charles Cottingham, CE ’92, who is engaged in the examination of airplane parts at the U. S. Patent Office, Washington, D. <0. Motion pictures of birds and airplanes in flight will illustrate the talk which will be given tonight ni.ght at 7:30, in the Physics Building.
Keen Competition Expected In Purdue-Marquette Track Meet Tomorrow afternoon Marquette’s Hilltoppers, boasting a well-balanced squad, will come here for the' first time to offer some stiff competition in a dual track meet with the Purdue I speedsters.
Intramurals
BASEBALL Today—Finals
Diamond
1— Ward 13 vs. Cary Hall 5. 2— Ward 11 vs. Ward 2X. 3— Sigma Alpha Epsilon
Kappa.
4— Acacia vs. Beta Theta Pi. 5— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda.
vs.
^i
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 D. S. Campbell vs. Monger. G. R. Frye vs. Schrader. Miller vs. Kerwin or G. J. Frey. Vaughan vs. Morse or Ferris.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Today—4:15 Anderson vs. Thompson.
Fraternity Class “B” Doubles Today—4:45 Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa Phi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Delta Theta or SPE. Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Sigma Nu or Kappa Delta Rho. Triangle vs. DU or Phi Sigma Kappa.
Col. C. S. Blakf (Continued from page 1)
menting on the Purdue military unit. Cadet Maj. C. B. Nielson, Cadet Second Lieut. C. L. Monger, Dyer Butterfield, and R. W. Anderson received medals offered by the Indiana Society of the Sons of the American Revolution to the student in each class excelling in leadership and command. Newton H. Keister presented the medals. Cadet Col. W. C. Musham was given the Frank M. Cary cup as the senior making the highest grade in military history, while Cadet Second Lieut. J. M. Rudolph was given a similar cup for leading the junior class in gunnery.
Both Marquette and Purdue have met and lost to Michigan State at East Lansing, Mich., by similar scores. As both squads are about equal, but in different branches of the program, it is possible that the meet might be decided by the onemile relay, an event in which the opposing squads have two of the strongest varsity quartets in the middle west this year. Drake Relays Records At the recent Drake Relays, Marquette did not come away with any championship but they did set two new Marquette University records. The sprint team ran the half-mile relay in 1:27.1, as compared to a previous mark of 1:27.3 set by the Marquette team that was anchored by the famous Ralph Metcalfe at the Drake Relays in 1932. The mile relay quartet of Marquette was timed at 3:19.1 as compared to the old Marquette record of 3:21..S. Marquette is well fortified in the field events, with Burke, who can do a high jump of 6 feet 9 inches and Shurilla in the broad jump, being capable of clearing 23 feet in any meet. Purdue’s point possibilities in these two events are problematical, depending upon whether Bob Lemen is able to double after competing in the two hurdles. Another star performer on the visiting squad will be Herman Carr former Gary athlete, who not only holds the Indiana state high school record for the 440 yard dash, but is threatening to establish a national mark in the event if he continues to improve, as he has been clipping the 440 yards off at 49 seconds during the present season.
. . . electrical engineering honorary, elected L. E. Keck president at a meeting in room B of the Union Wednesday night. Other officers who were elected are: L. M. Finkelstein, vice president; J. L. Thompson, reoo!rding secretary; G. W. Toben, corresponding secretary; E. Shay, treasurer; and J. S. Brown, Bridge correspondent.
Honey in Yeiio-Boie improves all tobaccos. You spend at least $20 for tobacco in a year —$1 spent on Yclio-Bole makes that $20 worth ot tobacco taste twice as good t Get yours.
sec. U S. PAT OFf.
We have 1,000 YELLOW BOLE PIPES for your
selection.
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
THEY'RE SINGING THREE CHEERS"
f r
because it is the best bread you can buy. If you want the bread that really gives you the most in tasty goodness, insist on GRAVES'—-it's tops.
Graves’ quauty Bakery
Phone 3852 124 Stole. W. L
**Catering to Fraternities and Sororities^
mmmm
MsssmJ
I ^
t
I
(UUl,
THE PDSDIIE EXPONENT
l^oikaA
Friday. May 13, 1938
Ehinger Talks At Debris Banquet
Girl Scouts To Meet
For Annual Playday
“Not only will you feel that youi time has been well spent, but in latcT years you 'wnll appi eciate the experience you have g-ained in contactintr people.” Editoi Chuck Ehingrer told 506 staff niembei s in keynoting the Debris banquet last night in the Fowler Hotel Toastmaster Bill Bodden, auditoi of student oi gaiiizations, introduced the semoi and junior staff members Art Siebenthal, business manager, and Petie Light, co-ed editor, made short talks thanking staff members for their work and cooperation throughout the year. Dr J. H McKee, membei of the Debris faculty advisory boaid, also spoke. Siebenthal presented gold kevs to seniors and silver keys to the juniors. The banquet was arranged by Miss Light.
Girl scouts representing four tocvns, Lafayette, West Lafayette, Fowder, and Attica, will be on the Purdue campus tomorrow to participate in the annual play day. Aftei legisteiing in the Union Building at 9 a. m., the girls will be divided into teams for competition in volleyball, baseball, dodgeball and bat ball. Swimming I'elays will be held in the Memorial Gym pool, after the games have been completed. Helen Beko, physical education student, is in charge of the gioup play The West Lafayette gnl scouts will act as hostesses.
“It would be a good idea for everyone to come back to school and get their ears slapped down after being out in business for awhile.” Thus spoke Businessman Julius F. Stone, Jr., who forgot business for a term, in explaining wby he returned to Harvard for more education.
FOR RENT—Rooms and apartments for summer students, ground floor, reasonable. Phone: 66761.
ME 62: Makeup for abeences for all tests of this semester wiU be given Saturday, May 28, from 1 to 4 p. m. in room 308 of ME Building. —BOLZ.
FOR SALE—^Excellent 1928 standard Buick sedan. Six wire wheels. Phone 36064.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Annual picnic Saturday, May 14. Meet in front of Agricultural Hall at 1 p. m. ' —FAVINGER
Local Ads
STUDENTS — Who need room and board during summer. Phone 3763. Mrs. B. P. Fantone.
Archeiy: Mixed archery on women’s range Friday, May 13, at 4 p. m. Equipment may be checked from respective gyms.
—KINZER
J
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—Very desii-able three large lower front rooms. Newly decorated. Furnished for light housekeeping. Prefer to rent to students or employed couple. Utilities furnished. 616 N. 7th.
student Senate Members: Communicate mtentiona of attending banquet Monday, May 16 to Robert Hoffer. Call 3282.
—HOFFER
D. Roberta, J. Roper, F. Richards, G. Reinhart, B. Roderick, P. Reiekers, M. Smith, D. Stern, C. Singer, G. Schilling, and C. Scott. 6:00—E. L. Sexon, L. Stevens, M. L. S^waney, D. Smiley, H. Simons, B. Spears, E. Sappenfleld, J. Stoh, A. Singer, B. SHnkard, M. Spicker, S. Shepherd, E. Sawdon, L. Schickler, and S. Saint. 6 :15—M. Saurer, A. Sickman, M. Sexton, P. Stone, K. Thrasher, H. Tugaudis, E. Turner, M. Townsend, V. Tislow, H. Truchman', M. Todd, P. Umphreys, R. J. Williams, J. Winklepleck, and I. V. Wolf. 6:30—M. Wetzel, M. VahWanaeele, H. Wurtenberger, S. P. Wynn, M, Wilson, M. Wood, R. Wiley, M. White, B. Wickard, V. Wilking, and R. Wulfman. —HUBER. SEXTON.
Forestry Club: Meeting Tuesday, May 17, at 7:30 p. m. in the Horticulture Building! —GLAZEBROOK.
Purdue Motorcyclists: No meeting this week. Regular ride Sunday morning. May 15, at 10 o’clock at Airport, —GLENN.
Camera Club Meipbers: All members having outstanding accounts for supplies and darkroom fees and who have not contact!^ me, please come to the Union office Saturday, May 14, between 4 and and 6 p.m. —SAMUELSON.
FOR SALE—King Vol-True tenor sax. Excellent condition. Call Smith 3301.
Notices
No Nolicos Accepted After 8 p.m.
Art Works Travel
To Three Exhibits
Three exhibits of work done this year in the applied design department have been sent away to be shown in connection with various displays of art woik. An exhibit of all types of woi k done in applied design has been sent to Terre Haute high school for a meeting of high school girls. Another display is being sent to the National Home Economics Association meeting to be held in Pittsburgh, in June. The third display compi ises a pai t of the Big Ten exhibit now showing in the Iowa Memoiial Union in Iowa City. From this gioup of ait woik vill be selected material foi a traveling exhibit which will be sent to all Big Ten schools The display sent to Iowa includes woik by Janet Morns, John Robeitson, Eleanoi Pink, Dorothy Eberhardt and Betty Elstun.
A gioup of the nation’s foiemost saxophonists have filed incorporation papers foi something known as the Saxophone Society of America. The organization, including the horn-tooters J. Dorsey, Kemp, Vallee, Mayhew, and Stabile, has as its avowed purpose; “To restore the saxophone’s dignity and eliminate the slander and approbrium presently concomitant on its use.”
FOR RENT — After June 10. Rooms, double or single. Instructors or business men preferred. Phone 46483. 328 West Lutz, West Lafayette.
Newman Club: Picnic May 16 at Turkey Run. Members who have not signed up to go call me at 2601 before May 18. —DIDIER.
Dairy Club: All students who plan to atthe bulletin board in Smith Hall on or before Saturday, May 14. —MYERS.
WSGA Counselors: Will the following girls please report to the WSGA office for interviews Friday, May 13: 4:00 M, Buck, F. Beilke, D, Bergoff, J. Beemer, P. Boyce, A. Bardach, E. Barmes, E. Beil, T. Berry, J. Bailey, E. Colleson, J. Davidson, R. Dunn, V. B. Dannison, and L. Demoret. 4 :16—M. Davidson, D. Downen, E. Dix, M. Friqk, B. Gibbs, P. George, E. Glazner, V. Huffman, R. Hall, D. Johnson, M. McLaughlin, F. Merriell, J. Major, and M. A. MdClure. 4:30—M. L Miller, E. Martin, B. Miller, D. Martin, G. McLain, D. Markman, M. Ohman, M. F. Oliver, G. Pittman, L. Peter, M. Pierce, V. Phelps, K. Pultz, F. Petty, and T. Pearlman. 4:46—M. Petticrew, M. Poor, F. Raebig,
Alpha Phi Omega: There will be a pledging Friday, May 13, at 4:30 p. m. in room F, U^iion Building. All members attend if possible. * —WADLEIGH.
Mortar Board Members: Get your jackets at WSGA office Friday, May 13, at 4 p.m. —SMALL.
AlChE: Meeting Monday, May 16 in room 129 of the EE Building. C. R. Tufts, Edison Storage Battery Co., vice-president, will present movies at 7:30 P. M. —GRIFFENHAGEN
PIA Beginners and Advanced Dance Classes: Dance will be held Friday, May 20, at 9 p. m in Duncan Hall. You will be admitted upon presentation of your dance class card —GLYMER.
LOST—Black and grey Parker fountain pen with the name Jim Mann engraved. Please call me at 76272.
Stage-Stamp-Studio Banqueteers: Those receiving invitations to the banquet may obtain tickets from H. Kenn Carmichael upon presentation of their invitations and 66 cents. (6-13) —McKEE.
11:00—Appreciation of Shakespeare Prof. R. W. Babcock. 11:50—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Agricultuial Forum. 12:15—Sports Review, Bob Heine. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:45—Market and Weather Re- " ports. 1:00—Jo Friend—-popular songs. 1:15—Melody Time. 1:30—The Monitor View^;? the News. 1:45—Frank Triboulet, tenor. 2:00—America’s Hours of Destiny. 2:30—True or False ? 3:00—Friday Musical Review. 3:30—Treasure’s Next Door. 4:00—Dorothy Dunlap, pianist. 4:15—^The Campus Quizzer. 4:30—Exponent Air Edition. 4-45—Story Book Hour.
When you see one of our cabs, you know that someone ) / is receiving prompt, courteous service.
For your transportation call 3071 o. 5023
Our cobs ore os close to you os the nearest telephone
YELLOW CAB CO
Quick Service Is Our Specialty
POPCORN In large or small quantities ior picnics or parties. Can be had fresh on very short notice. DAD’S PLACE - So Handy
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main Street
Values That Are ISothing Short of Sensational!
"SINCERE” Men's Shirts
With'the Trubenized Collar
Shown in a good variety of white and patterned styles—full cut—assorted sleeve lengths. Guaranteed not to shrink or fade. Here's a shirt that we sincerely believe to be the best value offered today in Lafayette. We show the newest colors
$1.50
and patterns.
Sizes 14 to 19
• Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• i@@ksf'ores
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G.REISNER
SOUTHWORTH'S
Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Mcdn
Phone 5701
Florist
fioih J’louid
Inc
635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building
Phone 7955—8050
• Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs - Fri KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Mom Phone 7727
Locksmith
LAWN MOWERS NEW—USED—SHARPENED New Mowers 6.50 and up.
Delivery service on Mowers. MULHAUPTS Phons 2828-209-11 N. 5th S«.
• Auto Rental
RENT A CAR Drive It Yourself , THAYER'S GARAGE
Across from Methodist Church WEST LAFAYETTE
Phone 51784
In this pm stripe linen weave dress of spun rayon. White linen collar and cuffs with contrasting colored belt of simulated leather Navy with red belt, wine with royal blue belt, or saddle brown wth black belt Comes in sizes 12 to 20, at
$3.98
IROCKS ARE SHOWN
EXCLUSIVELY at
ZIMMERMAN'S UEEN
South Side Square
0
ITY