I
iDekn l^i'e^ittdtt (^ives Advice To Students; -See’Feature, This Page
Boxers Go To Lansing For First intercoHegidfe Riveter Gfove Metch
Established 1889
Daily Since 190S
YoMie 53, No. 105
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, fanuary 30,1942
iMMI MEHRy-QO-
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Knud^ii's Appointment Not y ii^nimous; Holman Opposes 'jump' Raise WASHINGTON, Jan. 29. — Senatcvr Robert R. Reynolds of North CaroHnav newlywed chairman of the Military Affairs committee, only told part of the story in announcing the “unanimous” approval of William Knudsen’s appointment as a lieutenant general. There was no unanimity when the committee began considering the matter behind closed doors. One senator did some furious objecting before he/was finally calmed down and pursuaded to be unanimous. The dissenter was isolationist Senator Rufus Holman of Oregon, who put Under Secretai’y of War Robert Patterson through a stiff grilling on the ex-OPM director’s “fitness” for the high military rank. “I’m against these ‘jump’ promPtioqs of civilians in the armed services,'’ snorted Holman. “Knudsen has no military qualifications. He didn’t come through the ranks like other officers. What will his job be?” “He will be assigned to speed - iiir'-{uroduction on Army eontracts,” replied Patterson calmly. “I suppose you might call him my chief of staff.” ' “Will he have any military command or authority?” persisted Holman. “No, sir, he will serve in a civilian capacity.” “Well, why give him this high military rank then, if he’s to have civilian duties?” snapped Holman with a triumphant air. “You’re getting on rather delicate ground. Senator,” smiled Patterson. “My best answer would be that Mr. Knudsen will be dealing directly with many Army officers, acting as inspectors and in other caj^ities in war industries, and he Vill command more respect, and probably get better cooperation, if he’s wearing a uniform.” “You know. Senator,” Patterson added slyly, “most officers don’t like to take orders from a civilian.” “Who will be Mr. Knudsen’s (Continued on page 2)
All-Out Relief Drive To Begin Wednesday Campaign To Co-ordinate Charities In Raising Funds For, War-Aid Work All-University Relief Fund drive, sponsored by the University staff in cooperation with the Student' War Council will begin Wednesday and continue until February 12. This drive is a result of the efforts of the Relief Fund Coordinating Committee, a committee set up by President Elliott to coordinate all the various char ^
Marine Corps Offers NewCandidales'Class For Reserve Officers University seniors, juniors and sophomores are eligible for appointment to the U. S. Marine Corps Candidates’ Class, a preliminary officers training course, under a new
ities and eliminate the continual soliciting by different organizations. Faculty Contributions Professor F. C. Hockema, Professor Louis Sears, and Dean Matthews, faculty heads of the drive, will contact all faculty members for contributions. Arrangements will be made to solicit funds from students in this all-out Relief Fund
program.
Proceeds of the drive will go to
the following organizations to be plan of reserve officer piocurement.
distributed throughout the world. 1. Red Cross, international organization which helps the armed forces and civilians when war and disaster make assistance necessary. 2. World Student Service Fund, an agency which provides aid to students and professors who are victims of war. The money will go to refugee students in the United States, Europe and China. Only through the contributions of American students are these people enabled to carry on their education. 3. United China Relief, an organization assisting civilians and chil-
dren in China.
4. The Golden Rule Organization, a group which cares for war orphans, homeless mothers i and refugees in the United States, China, England and Europe. 5. United Service Organization, a national organization providing recreational facilities for the armed forces and for war workers. 6. American Field Service, a group which provides ambulances for Britain, the Middle East, and for the Free French forces in
Africa.
If other organizations present their need to the Relief Fund Coordinating committee, the committee will consider the need and contribute if it seems desirable. Anyone contributing to this fund may designate to which organizations they wish their funds to go. Otheiwise the committee will allocate the funds according to their own discretion. w.g.h. Dr. E. Lowell Kelly ... of the Division of Education and Applied I^sychology spoke yesterday in Nejw York before the annual meeting of the Institute of Aeronautical Sciences on the analysis of instruction by recording in-structor-student convei’sation during flight. >■
Where Does The Ag Student Stand In Defense? Dean V. C. Freeman Defines Position Of Undergraduate Toward Draft
Gditor'ii Note: This is the sixth in o scries of articles now heine: puhii.fhcd in the Exponent preseptins a detailed account of the part the University is playintr ip national defense. By George Starr Freshman, sophomore and junior members of the School of Agriculture were recently assembled to answer questions and consider problems which have been simmering in the student mind. Although information has been rolea.sed through the Exponent from time to time regarding the status of students in the new thiee semester plan, information regarding the place of the Ag student in the national picture had been conspicuously absent. Dean V. C. Freeman who was in charge of the assembly, endeavored to assist the student in determining the course most suited to his needs in future semesters. What Is In Store? Due to incomplete statement of government policy, differences in draff boards and other unpredictables, few questions could be answei'ed without some qualifications. However, the student was given a clearer conception of agriculture’s importance in the national picture and of his own position in the Uni-
versity’s three semester piogram. One certainly is the undersupply of trained men to fill positions in “all agricultural fields.” However, selective service officials have not completed the difficult task of determining just which “agricultural fields” will be considered as essential to national defense. Student Qualifications Another factor in granting deferments will be the preparation of the individual student and the positions which he might be qualified to fill. One field considered important by the local draft board is science, with such subjects as chemistry and mathematics likely to support the student’s credits when his qualifications are considered. The dean emphasized that agriculture students will not be granted deferment as a school but that the merits of the individual will be considered in each case. The selective service boards will be an important force in determining the plans of agriculture students. In view of the large number of selective service boards in the country it is not surprising that there are differences in the application of the principle of the selective
Prof. L M. Sears Will Give
Dance Tonight First Defense Talk Today
Cisne Will Play For Forestbts
University woodsmen will hold forth in the Union’s South Ballroom tonight, as the Foresters dance to the music of Dick Cisne and his band. The dance is an annual affair, sponsored jointly by the Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, nation-
al Forestry honorary.
Dick Cisne, who will be in charge of tonight’s festivities is reputed to have one of the most extensively
University Will Offer War Council To Present First Industrial Protection Lecture In Series Today At 4
Courses Next Week
it has been announced by Captain Ralph'E. Boulton, officer in charge of Marine Corps recruiting in the Indiana area. Successful completion of the Candidates’ Class course, which is of apnroximately six months duration, will qualify the candidates for commissions as second lieutenants in the Marine Corps Reserve, after which they will receive additional training in a reserve officers course. Upon completion of this letter course, the officers will bo assigned to general duty with troops. Marine Recruiting Officer Aboht February 1 an officer of the Marine Corps will be assigned to the Indianapolis Marine Corps recruiting station to assist Captain Boulton and act as liason officer bettveen'' fhe* ‘University and the Marine Corps. Pay during the first three months of training will be at the rate of $36 per month, plus transportation to (Continued on page 4) Prom Queen Committee Six members of a committee to appoint the queen for the Junior Prom were announced last night by Dick Dibos, president of the Stpdent Senate, following a regular Senate meeting. The committee will be composed of Mary Henry, of Mortar Board; Joe Starek, president of the Student Union; Agnes McCulloch, president of AWS; Dick Ball, chairpian of the Prom Committee; Tom Yoder, senior member of the Senate; and Joe Neff, junior member of the Senate. As in previous years, the committee will be entirely responsible for selection of the queen.
Dick Cisne
traveled bands in the country. He has made appearances on the campus in the past playing at mixers
and organization dances. Complete Floor Show
Cisne’s organization is able to boast a personnel capable of staging a complete floor show. Besides the usual run of featured instrumentalists and singers, the twelvepiece band offers a glee club, an imitator, twin-piano numbers, and semi-symphonic ai rangements. Vocalizing activities for the band are taken care of, for the most part, by Red (Jumbo) Miller, exponent of modern blues. Lloyd Strang fills in on the ballad numbers, and Gene Robinson provides the comedy with his imitations of Popeye and Donald Duck. Twin piano numbers are Ijandled by Cisne himself and Bob
Younger.
Forester Designs Backdrop Backdrop for the dance will show
a typical north-woodsman chasing a terrified Jap with a huge doubleedge axe. The backdiop was designed by an ex-junior Forester, “Rip” Radcliffe, who is now vacationing prior to his induction into
the U. S. Naval Reserve Air Corps. WHI ContinUO
The Foresters’ Ball is open to
anyone and admission price will be $1.10. Tickets may be purchased at at West Desk in the Union, or from
members of the Forestry Club.
w.g.h.
Methods of training men to provide adequate war-time protection of plants, machines, products and processes will be emphasized at the five-day industrial protection school to be held at the University beginning next Tuesday, it was announced today by 6apt. K. E. Kline, in charge of the industrial protection division of the University Public Safety Institution. Indiana Industry To Benefit Representatives of approximately 75 of the larger industrial organizations within the state arc expected to take advantage of the training offered, which will make it possible for these men to letuin to their own plants and develop piotection units within their own industry. Cooperating with the University in conducting the pi ogram, of which next week’s school is a part, are the State Defense Council, Indiana State Police, Indiana Inspection Bureau, and Indiana Association of Industrial Property Protection Di-
rectors.
State Police Instruct Among the instiuetors for the comprehensive school at the University will be Capt. K. E. Kline; Emmett Cox, of the Indiana Inspectidn Bureau; Lt. Don L. Koqken, director of education, Indiana State Police; W. I. Spitler, Lafayette president of the Indiana Association of Industrial Property Protection Directors; Sgt. Paul T. Beverf or den, Indiana State Police, who has been attached to the Public Safety Institution for traffic studies; Lt. Harry Sutheilin, in charge of field operations, Indiana State Police; and Prof. Halsey Owens, of
the University.
Methods of dealing with bombs and explosives, sabotage, and other emergencies will be discussed among the piinciple topics presented before the industiial lepresentatives. Other subjects include fire prevention, inspection and practices, police tactics and patiol problems, teaching methods, lec01 ds, traffic and small arms -firing,
c.f h.
Prof. L. M. Sears of the history, economics and government department will give the first defense lecture of a series today at 4 p. m. in the Music Hall. His topic will be “From Isolation to Participation,” a discussion of the background of the American entry into the war.
Dick Dibos, president of the Student Senate and chairman of the Student War Council, will introduce the speaker.
Six Lectures In Series
These lectures, six in all, will be presented by Student War Council , in cooperation with the Associated
Several memberb from the staff -Women Students. They will be held
Ag School Delegates To Attend Conference On Food For Defense
of the extension department of the School of Agriculture will attend a special, five-state “Food for Freedom” conference which will be held today and tomorrow at the Hotel Morrison in Chicago. Approximately 60 representatives of the administrative and supervisory forces of the agricultural extension departments from Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, and Ohio will be present at this emergency meeting. Delegates from the University will include: H. J. Reed, dean of the School of Agriculture and director of the University Extension Seiwice; L. E. Hoffman, acting assistant director of the extension service; Miss Leila Gaddis, state leader of home demonstration agents; Miss Storley Hunter and Miss Elsie Glassglow, assistant state home demonstration agents; and L. M. Busehe, H. S. Heckard, 0. W. Mansfield dnd P. K. Connelly, assistant
county agent leaders.
Topics for discussion at the twoday conference will cover the subject of increasing the output of
many farm products and include the DefOnSe COUTSO following: dairy products, eggs, . ^
every Friday afternoon in the Music Hall. Intended to enlighten the public on such war problems as propaganda, hemisphere relations and post-war economics, the discussion will concern current events. All speakers will be members of the history, economics and government department. Prof. V. Albjerg will speak at the second lecture Feb. 6 on “The Road to the European entry into the war. Prof. C. B. Murphy’s topic will be “Hemisphere Relations,” to be given Feb. 13. On Feb. 20 Prof. J. W. Robinson will talk on “The Bill of
Rights in War Time.”
Prof. R. Phillips will cover the type of peace desired by the people after the war on Feb. 27, and on March 6, the last speech entitled “Post - War Economic Problems” will be presented by Prof. J. A. Estey.-The series oi ieetures is op<^ to all students and the public. a.Lw. Registration Opens
pork, soy beans, gardens, and organization and relationship with the U. S. Department of Agricultuie boa,rd& and civilian defense oiganizations. a.p.h.
Army Examinations For Aviation Cadets
service. The student might do well to learn to what extent his board understands his problem. Scholastic Index Selective service officials have required the University to set up minimum scholastic standards for draft deferment in order that only competent men may be allowed time to continue their stuefles. Dean Freeman voiced his opinion that the wisest course to follow, so far as is possible, is to stay in school and finish as quickly as possible. This course is recommended because selective service boards are likely to be more agreeable toward the student who has attended school regularly and has progressed further. In answer to a question, the Dean expressed his belief that the government is not permitting agriculture students to rush through school simply to finish their education and join the army. On the contrary, he believes that the government is interested in educating trained meii in agriculture who may be more impoi’tant and necessary men in the technical fields of agriculture than in certain assignments in the armed forces.
Trainee Work Here Students wishing to take examinations foi junioi-inspector-train-ees foi the^U S. Army ordnance department may now obtain the necessary application blanks from the Civil Service window at the Lafayette post office. These blanks should be filled out and mailed to the Sixth U. S. Civil Service Distiict, U. S. Post Office, Cincinnati, O. A series of examinations will be given at announced times. ■These jobs are open to persons 18 to 35 years old who have had six semestei hours each of chemistry, physics and mathematics. Those who successfully pass the examinations will be given a probational appointment and three months training at the University, after which they will be assigned to oi finance inspection duties, d.c.p. Murphy To Speak Tonight Before Cosmopolitan Club Prof. Charles B. Murphy, of the history, econom^| and government department, will speak to the Cosmopolitan Club on the “good neighboi' policy” tonight at 7 p.m.,in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Attendance will not be limited to club members, but is open to all who wish to attend, e.h.a.
Intel view's foi men interested in aviation cadet training wull be continued until next Tuesday by Major F. More, heading the Army Air Corps Aviation Cadet Examining Board here. Interviews are being held in the conference room in the Executive Building. Major Moie and his staff weie guests of honor at a dinnei given last night by the greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce in the old Chestnut room of the Union Building, at w'hich University officials, officers of the chamber, local defense leaders, selective seivice boaid chaiimen, American Legion officeis, and otheis spoke briefly on some phase of the defense effort. Under a lecent revision of entrance lequirements, which lowered the minimum age to eighteen and eliminated the necessity of two yeais’ formal education, all applicants will take an examination designed to establish a minimum level necessary for comprehension of the aviation course. Married men without dependents will also now be ac-
cepted.
Application forms and further information may be obtained at thp Armory, from H. H. Horner of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, or at the regiilai Aimy Recruiting Office, Lafayette Post Office Building. w.f.-
“Planning Industrial Recreation,” a booklet which has just been published by the division of physical education for men, discusses trends, techniques, and possibilities of recreational programs for industiial workers. In general, the publication takes up in detail the organizational and administiative techniques used by industrial recreation associations. In making the study, the authors, G. H. Duggins and Prof. Floyd R. Eastwood of the University, contacted over two hundred companies known to sponsor recieaticn programs in an attempt to establish the pi'inciples and policies of organizations and administration. Well illustrated, the 96-page booklet contains organizational charts and tabular data relating to industrial recreation. The present publication is an outgrow'th of the study, “Industrial Recreation: Its Development and Present Status,” which was published by Leonard J. Diehl and Pi of. Eastwood in 1940.
Monday Night At t Registration for a new defense training course in stresses will be held Monday evening at 7 p.m. in room 206 of the Civil Engineering Building. The University is offering the course at the request of several highway bridge engineers in this district. The new class in stresses is intended to teach the methods of stress analysis and the means of computing loads and stresses for framed structures, especially highway and railway bridges. Persons are eligible who have had training in engineering mathematics and applied mechanics or equivalent experience. J. H. Matthews, of the School of Civil Engineering, will teach the class which will include two houJrs of lectures and explanatory computations and one hour"of supervised student work. Highway men who are interested in this course may contact Ernest E. Caldwell at the highway garage, or call the defense office, Seiwice and Stores Building, phone 7311. More than 390 men and women are now enrolled in the evening defense classes besides 39 men enrolled for instruction in the chemistry of powder and explosives, a full-time class meeting six days a week, e.h.a.
ElliQt't's Will Entert'ain Students From Abroad President and Mrs. Elliott will be at home to the students from other lands this Sunday fiom 4 to 6 p.m.
Two Draft Boards, 4000 Miles Apart, Call loop Van Overveen, '40, On Same Day
By Sally Beall
By now most men aie prepared to receive, sooner oi later, an invitation to report to a draft board, but Sergt. Joop VanOverveen, M.E. ’40, recently leceived on the same day calls from two draft boards ^4,000 miles apart. On March 28 he was ordered to report to his New Yoik City boaid, and he also was told by the Dutch consul m New Yoik to appeal before his home town board in Amsterdam, Nethei-
lands.
Picks Uncle Sam’s VanOveiveen decided that a United States draft board just aiound the corner looked better than one ail ocean away, especially when he considered that the axis submarines would I add nothing pleasant to the voyage. Consequently he was inducted into the United States Army and is now an assistant instriictoi
in the tank department of the armored force school at Fort Knox, Ky. instead of a Dutch soldier somewhere in the Malay jimgles. Sergeant VanOverveen, son of an Amsterdam diamond cutter, is a graduate of a Haarlem technical school. He attended this University from 1939 through 1940 and is » member of the Society of Automotive Engineers. After graduation he woi ked with the American Locomotive Company in New York. s.r.b.
Kappa Sigma
. . . social frateraity, announces the pledging of Phil Thompson, Indianapolis; Alan Hildebrandt, Logansport; Judd Year, Wheaton, IlLr Bob Anderson, Oak PtU’fc, Thornton Marlow, Elmhurst, HiLj Bill Kennedy, Chicago, IlL, and ry Eikenherry, Muncie.
’’'•''(I
m
’ jPurdue Exponent
Friday^ January 50, f 9^
n:v ;|-,
and only then did Wickard bestir
himself.
Certain farm elements are against
I®IKr worthless^ fill out” was a comment oyer- crop expansion, on the ground that hlai#M%ldW"tfife'oth^ day when instructions for filling out makes for better p™cs-
tfii&'TtiWPieTSoniiel Record cards were being issued. We mope
n:--
fisky Former Sudeift,
|A;ifyy
, . , , _ . , ^ ^ , , A DAY’S EXP1>01T^ AKD THOUGHTS
tliat this isn’t the sentiment of many of the senior clas$ be- of influence with Wickard, the an- military class the heatetiant asked how many CatlSe'ivfe'aTe sure that these cards will be of great value to ti-ekpandeTs kept hiih on the feWcd^ coming back for the summer .semester. ILbut . - until Wallace isn'eaWm of. e f"?? ^ F
.. ,. 1.,^. , We thought that the hot sticky days would,not be
Notfe; Sfecretly, thfe AA’A pb'litiedS uncomfortable if everyone were down here. The
also had a lot to do with Wickard’s
Piiroiyi^istUid^nts now and in the future.
T!ili*n6lb''purii’oSe of' this PersOnnel Record card is to help the students. The card, which will be used by the faculty, theri,PefsonneI office, and industrial concerns, should be esj^biaily valuable in the future in the placemeiit of Uni-
vei^ity-alumni, since orte side is devoted to a complete alumni ministratdr Leon Henderson’s aurecord. In the* past the Personnel Service has been criticized thority, want to elbow their way for ite lack of information on graduates, but now, for the into the war set-up as big shots, first tiifiey it is establishing a systematic procedure for aid- • ' Rubber, And South America ing alafniii in securing jobs- RIG De JANEIRO — in 1876,
instrucftoli. si^id ; he took down, thg , names of those
endorsement of the gravy-train ffl^t weht to sleep last week and thfeir grades Would X 1— .*.1.-. uin t'. o
amendment in the price bill. The AA Aers are jealous . of Price Ad-
suffer accordingly. At the intermission we went down and washed our face goO'd with cold water to stay awake because we think that we'went to sleep la^t time. \
1 ■
Aeronautics class started out as dead as the beginning of the Minnesota basketball game; but K. D.
Many students wiirenter the armed services of the United f Henry Wickham, a man- who started talking^ about the coefficient of lift of an
1 X- J 1 i.1 foresaw the future role of rubber, owl’s wings and he twirled some yardsticks out te-
states, SGinetime after giaduation, and when the war comes ,|.g Brazil, - gathered 80,000 ward the back of the room and almost told us a to ail eild, and they are released from the army or navy, the rubber seeds in a suitcase and military secret, and that was more interesting,
task of finding a job won’t be an easy one. It is then that planted themi in Mdlaya. p- :
th#Ulliversity can step in and help each nian find the job Eyer since then the United States Over on Proxy’s railroad were an engine, some for which his training and experience best qualify him. How- buying its rubber, notfrom ears and some men working on a rail. The Cork P^r V thp Personnel Service can’t be of much help unless nearby-Brasil but from Malaya and , got curious and went over, Charlie Smith from rersonnei oenice can l ue or rnuen neip -(-he Dutch East Indies «oi-Wy.o ona sweo nc cKnt tVio ono-inp
stfidefits give it the necessary information now and after grad- gj y ^ickam
nation.
We f6e,I that seniors should be encouraged by this assurahfee that they are going to receive assistance in the difficult task* of job-hunting after the war. Anyone who fully understahds the importance and value of the new Personnel Record card'Will not consider it “another worthless card.” This- Record card project is just one of the many ways in which the Personnel office is attempting to aid the students.
plucked his SOiOOO rubber seeds artd pUt them in his satchel, Manaos, the: rubber Capital of Brazil; was oiie of the most prosperous cities in the world. To its opera house, one thousand miles up the Amazon, travelled sonte of the mbst noted artists of Europe. Today, its opera house is as deca-
Service and Stores told us that the engine was almost derailed. As it rounded the .corner in front of the Memorial Gymnasium, the wheel flanges pressed too hard against the rails somehow because
of the frost, (we didn’t get it) .and pushed the rails pyeiv lt sn.apped: eight of those heavy rods that hold ■the rails together. Charlie said that once an engine had been derailed in the same place and it chopped up about half a dozen-ties, to say nothing of the
rough ride the engineer got. ■ Dr. Frank E. Fisk,, former,
versity student who majored in eh-: ,
■ After lunch the fellows were playing “A String while her^ is
of Pearls” by Glen Miller on the record player and ^he connnission formed by fhe,. ,
it made us feel sentimental; .so we went up to our U. S. Health Service °
room and sent a special delivery letter to the girl ia'by'controlling mosbUitOS : altWg that Gloria doesn’t know about. All we had were half thn Burma Eoad and the p^posed- . cent stamps and it took 26 of them., The orange B^ma Railroad. Some meipbers^Pf rectangles covered the whole envelope, except the «ieyommission had already reachM girl’s address and our return. We think we did a fool- China when war broke out Wi aish thing in noUcovering up our return also because pan it ya,? not kpown ybf%r ^ by -the tihie the postmaster, runs that letter thi’ough By Fiski wayip^hb first ,gro^p. Ur. the cancelin'g machine four ways and then has to Eisk'waynOt-in the United States cancel the rest of the stamps with the hand stamp, at the time, however, and is Rebels not going to feel too friendly toward the sender, sumably somewher'e. j^n;, the ■; ,E^r
Qh WelL the'Cbrk has been sworn at a lot here lately. East. ^ ^ ^ Fisk-left the University to epm-
* plete his wprk at'the..Ui?.iydrhItyipf
As We went over to the Health Service to get some jninois. He later 'cdmpletfed-grba-cough medicine.,and. see 'Avhat topic Doc Miller was at the University of Calexpounding on, we stumbled onto the coldest spot on ifornia g w.'s. \ ' ' the campus. 'There a pile of snow Rpvpral inchpa ■ t Cv .,
high still stands. It is oh the north side of the steps going up to the Executive Bniiding. It will probably be there for a long time yCt, and we‘thought We’d just keep that little fact a secret and come over there to labor over our descriptive geometry board
during the hot sticky days which are.to come.
Senate Se^s^qsh For Gleric^j Work; Call-Out Today At 4
Peri^nherNotes
NIBROt -RAPiER TOWELS
None' BeffVr. Pffees"to surf'-
PHON^'782S5 ‘
LAFiYETTE PRINTING' CO, . .
It has done an excellent job of adapting itself to war-tinle famous opera
conditions; there are few other colleges and universitieyhat ^fTs wS ond f.eshm.„ calloat „f tl.«.yca.: Jar. 27, 28, 29. 30. 31.
have geared themselves to help each student as Purdue has.
(Continued from page 1) immediate superior officer?” de-
manded Holman.
“I will, Senator,” said Patterson. “It’s to be a purely civilian arrangement, except that we need a man of Mr. Knudsen’s genius to keep plants with Army contracts hiimming at top speed. We feel he can do;the job better if he has a general’s rank., I might add that Mr. Knudsen feels the same w ay.”
• .Repeal in Rio
The day before the Pan-Ameri-can conference opened in Rio, the State Department in Washington published a new supplement to the Latih-American anti-Nazi blacklist. Most of the 56-page document consisted of new names, but the last page was a list of deletions — firms formerly, blacklisted and now re-
stored to good standing.
Under “Brazil,” were the names of four firms which had the word “Cervejaria” as part of their title. “Cervejaria” is brewery in Portugese and the deletions meant that Brazil’s four leading breweries were
White House pressure. He knew he was in bad and he tried to square
himself.
But for. the Administration, the backdown was too late. The damage had been done, for the amendment was in the bill and the lobby’s pals on the joint committee were in a powerful position to stand pat. In this final bitter fight, two Alabama Democrats and a Michigan Republican were responsible for the retention of the gravytrain provision; They were Senator John H. Bankhead and Representative Henry B. Steqgall of Alabama, and Representative Jesse P. W’olcott of Michigan. As the amendinent originated in the Senate, under the rules, it was necessary for the House conferees to propo.se deletion. Steagall, chajrman of the House group, publicly makes a great show of being a red hot Admini.strationite. But behind the closed 'doors of the committee room, he adamantly refused to heed Roosevelt’s pleas for elimination of
Companies Scheduled To
Visit Campus
U. S. Army, Aviation Cadet Ex-
Student Senate will, hold dts sec- amining Board, Washington, D. C.,
of its houses ai'C: overgrown
jungle vines; river service has been this afternoon at 4. Freshmen in- Zenith Radio Corp., Chicago, 111., discontinued. Today only about 9,- terested in woi'king on. various com- Jan. 29 and 30. 000 tons of rubber finds its way ’’'‘ittees or doing clerical work in Hercules Powder Co., Wilmingdown the Amazon and to the United the Senate should repoi't to, the Sen- Delaware, Jan, 30.
States, while the remaining 600,000 ate office in the Ilniqn,. , , tons, consumed by an American pub- The increase of campus aetivit.ies lie which lives'on wheels, has come to the war; situation. has,, profrom across the Pacific. v'ded more work .for the:, Senajse That is why one of the biggest members who now handle istenog-
rapbic ryork of the Student . War Council, in addition to,-.planning-n regional convention of student governing bodies from Universities in
Distinctive Portraiture OLAN MILL’S STUDIO “The Nation’s Studio” Phone 3414: 205 E. State
dR. m: p. LORd DENTIST 306-1’ LafayetYe Life Blidfl.
things Brazil can do for the United States today is to help fill the rub-ber-vacuum left by war. And although the political problem of a
united America:n front against the this vicinity.
Axis is grabbing the head lines at this conference, rubber is one of the most important questions beiiyg discussed by the experts behind the
scenes. !
«' Untapped Wild Rubber Trees Brazil has two opportunities in connection with the .American rubber shortage. One is an immediate supply of rubber. The other is the long distance supply, perhaps tak-
ing the place of Malaya.
Rubber ti'ees take about seven ] ~~ ' | ~ years to develop to the point where mains that this is the only inmic
they can be tapped commercially. And no matter how many rubber trees are planted immediately in
Allegheny-Ludlum Steel Corporation, Brackenridge, Pa., Feb. 11. There is a need for additional chemical engineers. Please sign iip immediately at the Per.sonnel Office. Western Electric Company, Hawthonie Station, Chicago, Illinois. The company will not send a representative to the campus for inter-
Of the freshmen workers,, eight views, but anyone interested in the will be elected to sophomore posi- company may come to the Person-
tions and be eligible for junior and
senior positions later.
Regular activities of the Senate include holding student election's', publishing the annual freshman handbook, ratifyin.g constitutions of student oi’ganizations, investigating student activities, and serving as a goveniing body and linka,ge between students and the faculty, w.r.
being removed from the prescribed the lo^by amendment.
list.
This action was taken on January 14. The conference opened January
'15.,
•‘ Wary Gravy-Trainer You can Avinte it down that Secretary of Agriculture Claude Wickard is going to be very chary about using that gravy-train veto power the'fainn lobby voted him in the price control bill. He kndws that the White House is stiU sputtering over his unauthorized endorsement of this lobby sehenie at a crucial moment in , the Senate fight over the legislation. Also, that if he attempts to exercise the pow er he is liable to be slapped down even harder than when he fronted for the lobby. Actually, under cover, Wickard
Backed by Wolcott, who fought the vital war bill from the start, and with Bankhead running interference in the Senate group, Steagall forced the retention of the provision. Note: The Administration’s fight was made by Senator Prentiss Brown, Michigan Democrat, and Senator John Danaher, Connecticut Republican. • AnoYher Row Wickard’s fronting for the farm lobby in the price control bill, isn’t
Brazil nothing can be done to mkke them grow faster and supply the American rubber demand any quick-
er..
However, Brazil has one asset w hich no ■ other country in the world can supply. It has a tremendous tropical forest of rubber trees, growing wild, requiring no cultivation, which can be tapped immediately. The 'wild rubber trees of the Amazon are estimated at between ten and twenty million. Most of them have not been tapped .since the days of Brazil’s ancient rubber boom. The chief problem, therefore,, is labor. What Brazil needs to tap this vast rubber forest is an army of workmen able to withstand malaria and the fevers of the jungle. U. S. experts are now discussing this prdblem with Brazilian officials. But they seem in no great hurry.
has promised in effect to be a good ity staff of the Agriculture Departboy. ment about grandoise plans.
the only row he’s had On this score At first it was suggested that Amer with inner Administration leaders, jean labor might be imported. BraThe papers are full of stories zjl^ however, has immigration laws about a big crop expansion program which might be a barrier, and there this year to meet the food needs of is some question regarding the use U; S. war allies. Frequent pi'ess re- of American workmen for jungle leases issue from the busy public- labor’.
No Rubber Surplus
diate large scale source of native
rubber.
And even this 'wdll not' be too large a supply. Producers of guayle rubber in' Mexico and California have’ expressed fear of Brazilian rubber. However, the most Brazil can produce from wiki rubber trees will be 60,000 tons annually—-com-pared with our annual rubber con-
sumption of 600,000 tons.
Congressmen sponsoring legislation for guayule rubber in oui' Southw'est say the proposed , new plantations cannot produce for five years, and then will yield only 75,-
000 tons annually.
So there should be no danger of competition—even when synthetic rubber factories, belatedly financed by Jesse Jones, get going. The big question for Latin Americans is: Will they be'favored when it comes to long term rubber production, or will the United States go back to the Far East. (Copyright, 1942, by United Fea- ' lure Syndicate, Inci) Hays Jewelry Co.
' nel Office and secure one of their application blanks, to be filled in and sent directly to Mr. S. B. Holden, in care of the company. This should be done before next Satur-
day, if possible..
Allcghcny-Ludlum Steel Corpora^ tion, Brjrekenridgc, Pa'.—Feb.-11. There is a need for additional chemical engineers. Please .sign up imluediatcly at the Personnel Office. Western Electric Company, Hawthorne Station, Chicago, Illinois-^ This company will not send a representative to the campus for interviews, but anyone interested in the compjiny may' cqme to the Personnel Office and secure one of their application blank.s-, to be filled in and sent directly to Mr. S. B. Holden, in care of the company. This should be done before Saturiclay,. January 31, if,possible. Kellogg Company, Battle Creek, Mich. — Feb. 23. M.E. and E.E. Corning Glass Works, Charleroi, Pa. — Feb. 25. BS in M.E., ChE., E.E., Chemistry, and Ph.D. Physicists and Chemists.
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
It didn’t leak out at the time, but during the secret deliberations of the joint Senate-House conference on the bill, he wrote the committee a letter repudiating his previous endorsement and. saying he didn’t want the veto power over farm prices. Wickard wrote this letter under
The real inside is that Wickard didn’t get busy on these'iilarts until he was practically ordetfed'to do .so by Vice President Henry Wallace as head of the Econoitiic
Warfare Board.
Wallace sent Wickard two sharp letters demanding prompt rction to expand crop production
Despite the red tape of Washington and Rio, however, the fact re-
North Fourth St. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price
DR; PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ( RISK — DENTISTS .... 400-404 Schultz Bldg. 4th and Main St. Lafayrr»e
fiuhduiL ^xpmsofiL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March'3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4.00.
Edltor-in-ChUf.. News Editor...... Sports Editor ...
..Ned A. Ochiltree ..John n. Tr#u«rott .....Phil Johnson
liusincss Manager Managing Editor.. Coed Editor
.Don S. Pow.er3 ..Lelaiid IV'. Rhtfrtcr Ruth Rose
Publication Sfaff Editorist Stair: J. F. Amos, .1. H. Armstrong. D. T. Dropby, It. h. Hadley, F. I. Jones, K. G. Kieper. Sports staff; O. T. Clark. J, 11. Fniser, J. S. Kneier. Curd Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Raraadell. , , , , , Associate Editors
Business Staff Coed Business Manager: Donna Siess; Office Manager:. Lee lius.song. Lveaj Advertising Managers: K. K. (!jcmre. It. E. Saxton: Cireiilatlon Manager: W. T. Bell: Accounts Manager:'W. D. Millard. • Junior Coed Managers:' Jean Frankcnbcrry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
, Phmfli: Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Jne:, Colll-ge Publishers Jtepresentouves, 4^0 Madison Avc., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Kifilt Editors Armstrong pay Kdllor; Chsttield
Spurts Editor 1 Keeler Issue Editor: Starr
Reporters; C. I''. Hass, M. J. Lauer, K. H. Ahr-ns A C. WieUard. S. K. Keall, W. E, Bafert, P. Stenbere. 'W. G. Ho.sIcins, D, C. Pickering, J. Biehurdsun, N. Stabile. Sports: Stull: D. M. Sliryer, W. H. Glover, J. S. Dawson, J. F. Aekerman.
today: - SAT^ - 2 HITS
dmwrnm
with JAMiS ElllSON VIRGINIA GILMORE
HERBERT LARAINE MARSHALL • RAY GAIL PATRICK - FELIX BHESSART
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE A RE$1^ENT. OF SOARS»
-A WARNER BROS, HIT WAYNE MORRIS • MARJORIE rambeau IRENE RICH • TOM DROWN • WILLIAM T. ORi!
PLUS
TERROR BLASTS LOOSE IN THE UNDERWORLD!
wnh
RITA QUIGLEY JOHN Ml UAH MARY RUTH
* t.I'■<f'/^
^im Jeam' teavmg Ffe A/femooit ^ still smarting over that disheartening defeat at ttie hands of the s'm'ooth'-iialssin^) second placa Gophers Monday nighty Piggy Lambert’s scrappy cagers will head for ColUmbus this afternoon wher^ they will taper off with a light shooting drill bdfbre matching baskets with the revenge hungry Ohio State’ squad tomorrow night. Earlier this year the Riveters trounced thb Buckeyes by a decisive 45 ■ - ■ ■ • - to 32 scote so they know what conference games yet to play this to eXpe<it Saturday. season, the Chicago ace may prove Ohio State so far this season has to be quite an asset to Coach Lambeen both bad and good. In their ^ert in quest for his twelfth Big opening clash of the year, they be- Ten title. Although Galvin Was pubcame one of the most publicized ag- hcized in prep school mainly begregations in the mid-wOst by cause of his gridiroh ability, he, whipping the supposedly invincible nevertheless, was one of the finest Great Lakes team. It will be re- hai'dwood players in and around the
membered that this same outfit Windy City.
Friday^ |anuary-30^ 1942
Page 3
same
beat our own Boilermakers just be-
forP vacation.
Captain Blanken’s fine play also stood out yesterday afternoon. The speedy, smooth passing guard had
. , , , . „ a field day against the less experi-
enced freshmen by canning one handers, two handers, back handers( and no handers from all over
the floor.
Al, “Frosty” Hit
Sophomore Al Menke seems to have recovered his shooting eye
O.S.U. Up And Down
however, the Ohio State fellows have ‘becbliMi as' unpr^dittable as ^tomorrow's weather. In Conference competition the^Blififkeyes have won three games including the drubbing administered to the hopeless Chica
go five Monday evening by a score ^hich was momentarily lost in the of 63 to 36. On the other side of the Minnesota game in which the squUd ledger, ^however, ai-e four defeats ^ whole hit only 21 per cent of which place the boys from Colum- their shots. “Pi'osty” Sprowl also bus in sei^enth place above only the showed si^is of returning to his
Boilermaker Tankers To Meet Spartans Tomorrow Bvening In the opehing tilt of the swimming seasonf the Riveters meet Michigan State in the Fieldhouse tomorrow night at 7:30 p. m. Michigan State comes to the Boilermaker campus with one contest under their wing. It was in this contest that Northwestern tied the Spartans 42 to 42.
Breast Strokers
Featured meet of the Spartan-Boilel-maker swim will be the breast stroke race between Joe Williamson, and Charles Bigelow of Michigan State, Both of these fellows hold the varsity records in the breast stroke at their respective schools. This ■ ■ -
meet will be open to everyone wish'
ing to attend and should prove to be place Don Anderson, Williamson, one of the best contests of the year Kratzer in the 300 yard relay, with plenty of excitement for every- Herr, Frank Brunner, Jim one, according to Coach Dick Pa- kluck, and Krhtzer will rakke up
Maroons.
high scoring form which has so
In their* flnal hard workout of the characterized his play during the wepk last flight, the Lambertmeh three years he has been a member drilled chiefly on shooting and the of the Riveter quintet, offense which, they intend to use Although the Buckeyes hgve only Saturdays •Several promising Rhin- a mathematical chance of taking the ies were brought out to the canvas Confei'ence title, the Riveters on encircledtfioor in the Fieldhouse and the other hand are still very iriuch were used as guards for the “big in the running. Should the Boilerboys.” makeis wm tomorrow they will Johnny “Chub” Galvin, the erst- moVe back into second place prowhile footballer who I’eported for viding the Gophers are beaten, practice only last week, continued At the present time it looks like to-display his deadly shooting and a three way battle between Illinois, fii^ all-^K&fidJ^las^.''- With'‘'•Revert (Continued fon page 4)
the 400 yard relay team, In the
TT 1 j oTflT -1 backstroke, the BoilermakprS will Vernon Hansel-and Clift Erikson , 4. j u t,* a-j > c.a TTvoU WflvLn. represented by Don Anderson,
Ted Andersen, and Jack Ancher. Jack Horn and Frank Lake are oth-
er free style men.
One thing about tpis
of the Riveters and Fred Hijflmelein and Donald Farmer of Michigan State should give an interesting exhibition in the 440. Both Hansel and Ei'ikson, sophomores.
year s
Remember! YHFRE ALWAYS WaCOME AT WALGREEN’S • QUALITY FOOD * • . REASONABLE PRICES • FRIENDLY SERVICE ^olqreen dru^ stores • „ 410 Main Street
nOH
Miiilkl
have been turning in excellent per- schedule is, that there is no soft forinances in this event during the ,Coach Phpenpast week. guth. Following the Michigan State c 4 1 i. t, meet, the Boilermakk s will clash
sprint Battle
The sprint events will have Ralph ^iana being the first to inVade the Newton of the Spartans providing Fieldhouse,
plenty of opposition for Dick Krat-
zer, Fred Herr, and others of tke 'D'rt TVi Cf rl" Boileimakers. Coach McCaffree, Jr., Dly ABU ijlEIDIllQyS
who is in his first year at Michigan w State, has on his squad Fied Still- g man, who he coached while instruct- Purduc 3 ing at Battle Cieek high school. NorthwcJ’tem i Stillman is one of McCaffree’s de- 3 pendables in the sprinters class. Ohio state 3 Coach Papenguth will probably ' q
L Pet. 0 1 000 2 .750
TP OTP .102 226
.600 671 .500 .600 500
.429
260 OOO
376 223 324 287 268 201 330 283 221
321 165 28t 262 256 264 340 367 411
Dad’s Place
POPCORN GALLON 15c
so
Hershey Kisses, in bulk, 30c per lb.
HANDY
Furnas Ice Cream Pint 15c
Easy to Follow —this Arthur Murray Step to Daintiness!
ti30 clots or 8i90 doto/ guard your sweetness and charm the way Arthur Murray dancers do—with Odorono Cream. Non-irritating, non-greasy, non-gritty, no trouble to use— Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days! Follow this easy Arthur Murray step to daintiness— get Odorono Cream today! 10)1, 39)5, 59)5 sizes (plus tax). The Odorono Co., Inc. New York
COMFORT jPlUS SATISFYIIVG SERVICE that leaves you cheerful early in the morning after a good night^s sleep!
Accommodations offering the utmost in comfort; economy and service to be found at moderate prices*
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY
JhsL fijULhduSL lAkiofL
(Associate Sports Editor Ted Clark takes over this corner today for Phil Johnson.)
^ Sporfsmanship—Think If Over Happened to stumble over a copy of the “Boilermaker Sportsmanship Creed” yesterday and decided to read the thing once again . . . sort of refresh the memory. Couldn’t help but be stiuek by the opening statement of the creed. It goes something like this: “All athletic opponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due from Purdue as a host.” Lots of food for thought theie. After reading that we immediately remembered the Minnesota game of Monday night. Coach Dave McMillan and his team certainly did not receive the treatment of which a good host would be pioud. Minnesota came down here with a good team that was anxious to win. And they played hard, rough basketball to win. They did ndt play dirty basketball. The Norsemen hdd to win that game to stay in the conference lace. A loss to Purdue would have meant thiee defeats and virtual exclusion from a chance ■at the Big Ten championship. ^ Give The Officials Some CrecKt The booing on several decisions rendered by the ^officials was worse than any before heard in the Fieldhouse. All of which makes the statement, “All decisions of officials should be accepted without question” seem a trifle ludicious. This goes hand in hand’with rule number three which says: “Playeis or officials should never be hissed or booed.” “Abusive or iiritatmg language fiom the sidelines is a mark of poor sportsmanship.” Heai, hear! Quite a bit of that was in evidence,^ too. The two leferees in that Gopher game were accomplished or they would not have been signed to officiate. Natuially, they missed a couple or so we thought, but none of them aie infallible. Fui thermore, the lef is always closei to the scene of actjion than any fan seated in the stands. The spirit at the beginning of the game was excellent. Flashes of it were exhibited at odd times during the contest. The anxiousness of a home ciowd to win a game always makes it more difficult for the officials. “No attempt should be made to lattle an opposing player, such as the man attempting a free thiow in basketball or the pitcher in baseball.” The booing when Ajax, Thune, Mattson, Jaros and the rest of Lhe Gopheis toed the foul line was almost deafening. It is tiue that the Bloomington ciowd showed veiy poor sportsmanship a few weeks ago at the Indiana-Purdue game. They booed every time a Boilermaker went to the fiee throw mark and hissed at every decision that was not in their favor. This is precisely the same thing the Boilei maker thiong did Monday night, j ^ Don't Be Like Indiana Fdns However, the Hoosiei s have long been known as a bunch of cry-babies. They annually giipe about anything that doesn’t strike them just right. Bo McMillan is one 'of the foremost users of crying towels when he loses a football game and is one of the better excuse makers in the business. Thank the powers that be that the renowned John Getchell did not officiate as scheduled. Getchell is fiom the Twin Cities area and would have been accused of paitisanship toward Minnesota. Let us at Purdue try to avoid gaining the kind of reputation for poor sportsmanship attributed to Indiana.
Gay and colorful but stbrdy and long wearing. Smartly patterned and smartly styled. They’re sweaters that you will be proud to wear!
INC. WEST LAFAYETTE
Boxers Meet Siinf9|i|. Ton^t^M Eiglif>Piip4Molier% After nearly six weeks! odfgtoel^ ling, daily wortrofefif/ fh^‘^R»veie?r boxing squad w«l noon for Eaxt ' will meet the Michigan Statn in' clash ^ of tft4 seasdn 'at night. Incidentally tUe first irttef-collegiate'nfdfi^hi^ld) history of the BoilerhialeglttM^M' tioii/ ' ‘ Until last year when now a senior here, formed * eter Boxing" Club, th^e j little or no bhxing on the^'cahiii^ This year Coach Benna has ,up a schedule surifaSsed by yery few" universities in'theTtifdiyr^af gardless of the fact that thS^^Eii^ayette'Golden Gloves matches have been postponed for the Tottgh OppoSttfon The Michigan State outfit, which* will entertain the Boiletmakfers',tonight, have one of theft "toughest teams in years. This fact was sfi<»W last week When the Sjta^nl! were beaten by the very stimirifeit’~ of margins by Wisconsin, lastVi^s National Intercollegiate After considerable delibcifatfon. Coach Benna finally anhounced the eight man squad to make the''tti^i Hugh BoWles will represent thfe 18^eters in the 120 pound cihSs. Notiil Kautsky was given the hod in tfie 127 pound division.'Tfeteran’Johfmy Kreisle was selected for the 135 pound division and if past perfotthances bear any weight should dd himself proud. Sophomore Stan Atz, one of the most improved fighters ofi .the squad, is entered in the 145 ponifd class. Gus Bougham, probably the most outstanding boxer out this year, will be in the 155 pound d3vL sion. Eddie Reyden and Don Elfin'are entered in the 165 and I’iS'^pbund' divisions respectively. Benna*^3 choice for the heavyweight class was burly Don McMillen. Local Fencers Faco Rambler Team Here Tomorrow Af hiO . The Boilermaker fencing sqi&d will be hosts to Noti*e Dame-’t^s Saturday at 1:30 in-a-seventeen-or-twenty seven bout match. Riveters Underdogs Previously this seaSoii the I;fish haye defeated the Michigan Sibte squad 14-13. The Spartans defeated the Ifoilermakers earlifer this season by a^ ten to seven count.' If t^se records bear any weight the Irish - should give the local boys a tough battle. I Fencing foil for the Riveters'will be Harry Burl, Cecil Oakes, and Tower. Bill Reade, Aaron man, and Tower will carry tfieToad'^ lin the epee events. The sabre^ett will be Reade, Tucker, "snid Jack Wallbilick. All of these men haye (be^n working hard and should be in excellent condition tomprrow. Public Invited The public is-invited to a^ttend this contest and the boyS would like a large turnout. There is no cost of admission and the meet should provide an interesting afferftoon. A callout for beginners will be announced soon. Watch the Exponent for further announcements, w.g.h. ' - - > - ^
Gymnaists:
c The all-campus table tennis tournament wUl start Saturday, Jan. 31 at 1:30 p.m. Those interested in entering should report at this time.
IM
, ’rosier 4 V, Covftt r—S§fior»©iB«fc|on 7 :00 Shmt QoiUY^ 1 Course 6. 7:00 Shor-t^ojjTse'^i-iyst Sh6rt Course 3. 8:00 Short CoTase i4vi.t^hoict Course 5. Stjs Ward 24 Y?. vwy Hall lo (“A’* Ch^!Up>oush& Court' 2-p-^niT»arte 7 ;00 ward. 80 vs. >Wsoid'S2. 7 ;15 Ward 26 v». Waj-d 2?, 8.60 Ward 21, vs. vWa?d 25. 8:16 Ward S3 vs. W»l4 §54 C(«irfc a-^Kagerty 7 :15 Ward 6 vs. I-.h^ u" 8.00 Ward 10 vs. Ward l2. Court 4.T-Ejnae*?o« 7.00 SiKuia Chi vs. Phi Delia Theta (Pinal Bound) h , A 7*15 S3 Battery P*stt*cV-' RIFLE PRAcEicR Today The followinit teams: may practice tor their Rifle Meet from 3:30 to 5:30 p. m. on Friday, Januaiy 30: Beta Surma Psi Beta Theta Pi Delta Cfd Dc Ita Tau Delta Delta Upsdon Kappa Delta Rho
individual Scorinc
Kotz. Wfetonsm Grcirvvcts., OKwr Grahajlh. Northwestern Phillip'. fHidois . Aja-x, Miain«;aota ,]y|p,pdlrrv Mattson, Mmnesota Smith, Minnesota Jaros, Minnesota Snrowl. Purdue Siegel, Iowa Kuhl, Iowa Sio.anson. Indiana Menke. Illinois Chapman, lovva
(47
»l 3» 29 32
w
at 23 26 21 ST 82 2)
FT. TP.
•20 lli 23 85 28 8« 17 %
27'
17 63 7 69
17
4
if
16 6A
f /
Off
I
-f-
■‘iMs-1
J *■
Purdue Exponent
Friday, January 30; 1942
Li
What Goes Here? : ' ,. By Bud Eberts ) Since ■we've been out every night .sa'fat this webk—there is no reason we shouldn’t enjoy a complete w^k-end! Monday we went to the gitme; Tuesday to the convo; WediiCsday to the Navy Rally; Thui'sdtiy to the free movies. This weekjlerid we find Another name band on ^1|d ole camjpUs, the first fraternity dance since .vacation, (for the benefit of the new students—vacation is the rest period B. P; H.—Before Pearl Harbor!), and the weekly mjxer. WGOHt Tonight Dick Cisne^—who has a desirable habit of appearing here about once every year—will make hfs second appearance of this j school year in the south ballroom of the Union. He and his-twelve-piece band will entertain and supp^ the music for those attending the annual Forester’s Ball tonight from 9 till Heavilon Tower spends Sfi seconds chiming but the hour of midnight. This shuffle session ■wiil be informal and the cash required will be the usual buck-ten. ; wgoh ’. |Tomorrow night the Phi Kappa ^gma Fraternity will wax the fl’ooi's and dance to the tune of Bob :fernes and his orchestra from the University of Illinois. The Skull’s , are decorating their house with 1,(^8 balloons for this annual winter ftrnial dinner-dance. ’ WGOH ! Also, tomorrow night will find tiic Union ballrooms opened for the Afeekly dance session known as the mixer. I WGOH -.' That closes ths social activities for this Aveekend for this month— but be on hand during all of Feb:i^uary for the Interfraternity Ball, tpotillion, Pan-Hell, and several fraternity dances. Until our reclassification—we’ll see you around! Tickets To Women's Club Dance Go On Sale Today ; Tickets for the Purdue Women’s Club Dinner DanCe, which will be held next Monday in both ballrooms of the Union, will be on sale in the Union lobby'today from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. and tomorrow from 9 until 12 a.m.
University Calendar
(Today
4:30 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club. ..Room 304, Union 9:00 p. m. Foresters’ Ball South Ballrobm, Union
WAA
Beginning February 16, WAA will hold its annual tournaments in ping-pong and shuffle board. The ping-pong tournament will be singles; the shuffleboard, doubles. To enter the tournaments, two practices will be required. Practices in both of these sports are held ever Monday, Wednesday and Thursday at 4 p.m. in the Women’s Gym. All girls are eligible to play. p.s. Marine Corps (Continued from page 1) the training center, food, clothing, medical and dental cai’e while undergoing training. After being commissioned a second lieutenant the candidate will receive $125 per
month.
Age limits for enlistment in the Candidates’ Class for seniors require that the senior be over 20 but not over 24 years six months when enlisted. Juniors must be over 19 but not over 23 years and six months, and sophomores must be over 18 but less than 23 when endisted. ■ Qualifications For Enlistment Other qualifications for enlistment in the Candidates’ Class are that the applicant be a male citizen of the United States, unmarried, and agree to remain so until after commissioned. He must belong 'to no Other military organization, including the Army or Navy R.O.T.C. He must be pursuing a course of study leading to a Bachelor of Arts, Bachelor of Science or Engineering Degree. He must pass the required physical examination, must be at least 66 inches and not over 76 inches in height, must be recommended as to character and qualifications by the President or Dean of the University, by one member of the faculty and at least three citizens in his home community and, if a minor, he must furnish the written consent of his parents or guardian to enlist-
ment.
Mahn's Band T o Play For Weekly Mixer Tomorrow In Union Student Union will sponsor a regular weekly mixer tomorrow from 9 to 12 in the Union ballrooms featuring Maury Mahn and his oi’ches- . tra. Darlene Mahn, vocalist, will sing with the band, and is working on several new novelty numbers
for the dance.
Backdrop will picture a fellow looking at his car which has a disgustingly flat tire. His girl friend is looking gloomily at the situation, for as the road signs say, they are planning, a trip to Turkey Run. The usual price of admission $l.i0 will
prevail, c.f.h.
All Members . . . of the Purdue Gymnastics Club will meet this afternoon in Room 104 of the Fieldhouse. Formal exhibitions and informal meets will be discussed at this meeting. A triangular meet against the Southern Illinois Nonnal University and the Uniyersity of Nebraska at Carbondale, Illinois will be the main point of the discussion.
Lambertmeii
(Continued from pag'd' 3) Minnesota and the Riveters. The sophomore studded Illini outfit have been rolling over everything in sight so far, but many experts are of the opinion that they are - playing far idyer their heads and should be dbuinped off before long. Minnesota, on the other hand, boasts of a veteran, high scoring quintet which has lost only to the amazing Illini. Our own Riveters have lost to a keyed-up, high-scoring Indiana team by one point in addition to that setback by Minnesota after a long layoff last Monday. The Lambertmen have only one scheduled game with the Illinois.teanl at Urbana. This is incidentally the final clash of the season for both squads and it may possibly be the one which will determine the title holder. Two years ago the Riveters won the Championship under identical circunistances. j.s.d. Silver Mask . . . fencing honorary, held an initiation Wednesday ; night for C. 0. Hoffman, G. E. Paine, F. D. Rosen, J. J. Wallbillicti, G. E. Wood, M. C. Silverman, R. E. De Mart, J. .L. Tucker, and R. H. Goodermote. Following the initiation ceremony a banquet was held in the Old Chestnut room of the Union, d.w.o.
Teachers To Meet Here For Irtsfituie Over 1,000 teachers will gather here on Saturday, Feb. 7, for a special teachers’ inMitute under the guidance of the Division of Edutation and Applied Psychology. Coming from twelve counties in this section of IndiaUa, these teachers will gather for the morning session which will be presided over by Prof. O. F. Hall. Dr. F. B. Knight will deliver the opening address at this session. Well-known educators will speak and music will be provided by the University choral organizations under the direction of A. P. Stewart.
Notices
Exponent Frosh Staff: Complete listing of freshman editorial stall assignments is as follows: Monday—Vermillion, Dvorak, Ricks, Huston, Duesterberg, Wells, Zoff: Tue.sday — Marion, Frohman, Martindell, Senoiir, Christman, Goode: Wednesday— Marlin, Schneider, MacWorter, Guernsey, Layton ; Thursday—Byers, Waring, Richardson, Fortier, Thompso^l; Friday-^Black-burn, Scalzo, Shapiro, Soloway, Skillman; Saturday—Byers, Vegh, Tyson, Tierney, Mitchell, Rassman. Please report on night assigned. —RUFFNER Biology Students: Makeup exams in Biology 1 will be held Feb. 7, at 1 p.m.
—ENDERS
Freshman Coed Exponent Business Staff: Schedule is as follows: Monday: Riggs, Krohn ; Tuesday: Katz, Neger, J. McCullough : Wednesday: Cohen, .Job : Thursday: Study. Belts; Friday. Levin, Gumpper, M. McCullough. —SIESS
tVl.E. Make-iip, Egamd: Examiniitioh for removal of 0 ktndes in mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday, Feb, 7, at 1 p.m. in room 301 Mechanical Engineering Building. . i, —A HALL Freshman Engineers: Meet for engineering, lectures Saturday, Jan. 31, at 8 a', m. in the Music Hall. Seating assignments are ‘ posted near the entrance of Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP Code Instruction (Male Students): Revised code instruction class rolls are posted on the main bullejtin board of the Armory. If the first classes Were missed the attendance can still be made up. —LT. BURKHART All Newly Entering Male Freshmen: If you are not now enrolled in Military Training and have any dcsife to take Advanced Training you should enroll in Basic Military Training immediately. GRAHAM— Math Makeup Exams: Examinations to remove grade C in Math will be given on Saturday, Feb. 7, at 1 p.m. in Recitation Building. Permits to take this examination must be obtained no later than Saturday, Jan. 31. —W. L, AYRES PurdUc Gymnastic^ Club: A meeting of the entire membership will take place Friday, Jan. 30 at 4 p.m. in room 104 of the F'ieldhouse gymnasium. Second semester plans will be discussed. —POZER Modern Dance: No practice Tuesday, Jan. 27. Vex’y important practice Friday, Jan. 30, at 4 p.m. Selection for dance performance ,willi be made at this time.
—SERBAN
Surveying Exam: An examination for the removal of C or I grades in Surveying 0 will be held in Room 101,’ CE Building Saturday, Jan. 31; at 1:00 p. m. Permits must be obtained before Friday noon.
—LOMMEL
Senior Coeds: For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists, call at the Placement Service for Women. Phone number 2955. —SMITH . ‘ Reamer ClUb: No combined meeting. Regular but important business meeting on Monday, Feb. 2, at 7 '.SO p. m. in room 304 of the Union. —RUFFNER Wesley Foundation: Progressive party Friday, Jan. 30, at 8p. m. at the Foundation. Admission 15e per person or 20c per couple. Everbody is invited. —GILBERT
' All Male Students: Aviation Cadet Ext amining Board No. 1 nlill'irteet In the basement of the Executive building for the purpose of interviewing; and''examining applica,nta for Aviation Cadet/Training f#6fn Jatu 27 to Feb. 3 IhclUSiVC., For full information regarding Aviation Cadet, Training ami application blanks, apply at .the Adjutant's office, Armor» ,' —Graham. Sigma Delta Psi: Meeting for those vifho have passed seven .or 'tnore; tests in room 306 of the union at 7 :16 p. mi. Thursday, Jan, 29. /r-^HANSEN Foresters: Copies, of ’*Oak , Leaves” 'can be obtained at the'Forestry office.. —^MITH/, Varsity Pistol Team: Picture will ;ne taken 'Tuesday, Feb. 3, at 4 :30 p. m, Wcdr uniforms. Practice will be held Fridayl Jan. 30.^ —GRAEBNER" COs'lnopoIitan ClUh: Meeting Friday, January 8(1, at 7 p. m. in the East Faculty Lounge of tbe Union. There will be a speaker. —KELLAB Outing Club: Meet at the Armory Saturday, January 31, at 1 p. m. for hike. Will be back by 5 p. m^ —buergler
#■ ■ if-'
Classilied
Typewriters—Adding Macbinea,/all nSakeil sold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. EborshoS, 606 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Lost: Gabardine jacket with removable lambskin lining. Reward.
i FRIENDLY SEJRViiCE | ^ Bonded = = Gas and Oil = I T. &R. OILCO.,Iuc. I
if
THE EATING HOUSE COMPLETE KAMPUS KITCHEN
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Across Prom Union Sammons ’29 *‘Doc’' £)pplo *40
wBUlES
Youl’ nickels and dimes go further at PIGGLY WIGGLYi because of the pennies you save! The PIGGLY WIGGLY system makes it possible to pass many, many saving's on to you. Just check the items on this page!
few
'f
(^xcj^i4.i6ite
SECRETLY PROCESSED CUSHION INSETS ASSURE PERMANENT UPLIFT PERMA-LIFT ■ U. S. Pat. No. 2,258,277 BRASSIERS '• by HICKORY
“The Lift That Never Lets You Down” Whether you wish to gain or maintain a smart, youthiul, well-moulded bust, PERMA-LIFT flatters the flat and the firm alike. The miracle happens at .the base of the bra-cups, where secretly processed cushion inset softly lifts your bosom, holds that firm rounded contour, never becomes limp or lax through seasons of v^ashings and
We Fit Brassiers
No, 32—-A smooth, rayon satin, bra with satin Lastex diaphram band. In -small, average and full hgure types. Colors:, nutra and
while-
$2.00
No. 28-—Beautiful shadow lace, made for small and. average figure types in white or nutra; $1.50 Others $1.00 to $2.50 MAIL AND PHONE ORDERS FILLED Exclusive With
Corset Corner.—Second Floor
FLASH!!
Your College Daily Gives You-
Study As Usual—Administration I — December 9 — University Goes on full War-Time Schedule —- January 6 -—- Local Draft Board Clarifies Student Rating —■ January 10 — Boilermakers Down Ohio State Netters —^ January 11 -— Trustees Award Aeronautics Lah Contract I — January 22 — TRUSTEES REAPPOINT MAL ELWARD, etc. •—January 23 —
3.93 tot Fifth Column Washington Herry-Go-Round Scouting the Shops Classified Ads Let's Listen Rotating the Axis The Sports Gestapo University Calendar The Bottle Neck University Notices EDITORIALS
This is your paper, THE TRUE EXPRESSION of STUDENT OPINION. It is a paper your parents would enjoy reading, it expresses your opinion and your exact status as a student in a University at War. Subscriptions are S2-25 (Hail) at the West Desk of the Union or in the Exponent Office after 4:00 p. m.
f-. J