t.
1^
Purdue
Volume 5L No. 79
Exponent
Friday. December IS., 1939
Glee Club Will Entertain At Banquet In Chicago Chicago bound this aftenxoon will be the Men’s Glee Club for an appearance at the Indiana Society Banquet which is being held at the Palmer House tomorrow night. The Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart and accompanied by R. P. Thornton, has appeared in Chicago and Indianapolis and has broadcasted over national hookups twice this year. Paul V. McNutt, who will be ———————
roasted as well as j,toasted, is the guest speaker at the banquet which is being staged by Phillip MJaxwell of the Chicago Tribune. Among the numbers presented by the Glee Club will be “Stardust” and “Giannina Mia” with Marvin Smith as soloist; Mrs. Charlotte Stewart will join the club to sing “Italian Street Song” by Victor Herbert. Toast McNutt A double quartette will sing the ^‘Beta Loving Cup” as a toast to Paul McNutt. A medley of college songs, a cheer, led by Bill Dunshee, and a McNutt takeoff on the “Wintergreen for President” from “Of Thee I Sing” will close the Glee Club's appearance before the Hoosier notables. Following the banquet, the Glee Club will go to the Empire Eobm as guests of Tommy Dorsey and will take part in the evening’s floor ahows. Last year following the banquet the club furnished a similar program with Orrin Tucker. To Make Recordings Tomorrow morning the club will make recordings at the Chicagoan Hotel and in the afternoon they will rehearse with the cast, which is comprised of actors and models, for the banquet. John Cocnrun, manager of the club, stated that the group would return to Lafayette early Sunday morning in order to join the University Choir for the afternoon and evening performances of the annual Christmas cantata. Adive Delta Gammas Will Pledge Campus Chapter Tomorrow Formal pledge service for the 29 pledge members of the new Delta Gamma colony will be held at the chapter house at 303 Waldron tomorrow at 4:30 p. m. The group .will become the eighth national so-, rority on the campus. Betty Noonan, president of the Alpha Tau chapter at Butler University, Dorothy Davenport, Marguerite Ellis, also of Butler, and Mayann Kriegbaum, president of the Theta chapter at Indiana University, will conduct the pledging. Local Alumnae They will be assisted by June Billiter and the local alumnae, Mrs. Dorothy Van Buskirk, Mrs. Roberta McCarthy, Mrs. Florence Carter, Dr. Harriet O’Shea, Mrs. Catherine Borut, Mrs. F. S. Crockett, Miss May Hanna, Miss Sue Merrill, Miss Betty Lee Soehner, and Miss Emma Cook. Following the pledging, arrangements liave been made for a dinner. Theme of the decorations will be the sorority colors of bronze, pink, and blue. Initiation and installation of the new chapter will take place at the beginning of the second semester. At this time representatives of national Delta Gamma Council will be in charge.
Freshmen
Dick Thornton
... are urged to attend the Activities Forum which will be held today at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Paul Cooper, Union president; Jerry Hinshaw, P.I.A. president; James Davis, Student Alliance president; and Althea Jorgeson. Activities Bureau director, will speak at the forum, the fifth of a series. These speakers will explain the purposes of their respective activities. The benefits gained by freshmen in activities will be stressed.
Aquacade Brings Swimming Stars To Fieldhouse Tonight PI A Dance Brings Aspinal T0 Attempt New Record;
Divingf Novelty Meets Scheduled
Walters Will Speak On Job Interviews Today At 4 O'clock Seniors and AIE E members will be addressed today at 4 o’clock by Dr. J. E. Walters, personnel director of the University. Walters will speak in room 254 of the EE building for the benefit of all seniors who are interested. The subject of the address is “Job interviews during the vacation.” Dr. Walters is now having practice interviews with seniors to familiarize them with questions that will be asked them in a real interview and also the technique of interviewing. Due to the large number of seniors asking for the practice interviews. Dr. Walters is unable to accommodate all the» applicants. For this reason he is making this Friday speech for the benefit of those whom he will be unable to interview. After the formal lecture all types of questions will be answered on interviewing problems by Dr. Walters. Two Seniors Named National Scholars William Catterall and Fowlis Munro, members of Pi Kappa Phi fraternity, have won the distinction of being chosen as national Pi Kappa Phi scholars for 1939. On Pounders’ Day, December 10, the boys’received the scholarship pendants representing the highest honor the national society confers on its members. Catterall, a senior in the school of chemical engineering, 'is president of his fraternity,'president of interfratemity council, a member of Iron Key, Tau Beta Pi, and several other honoraries. Munro, a senior in the school of science, is president of the Scrivener Club, and has made a 6.6 scholastic average for several semesters. Solo Flights ... were made yesterday by Janetta Morris, Joan Geer, C. C. Huff, R, E. Jansing, P. A. Clark. F. Montague, and J. W. Scott. Eight hours previous training with an instructor is the requirement for soloing. These students who are enrolled in the CAA flsdng course started the course three weeks ago. The co-eds have the distinction of being the first girls to enroll in the CAA course, which is under the supervision of Captain Aretz.
Montevideo, Uruguary, Dec. 14— Officials of the German Legation here indicated today that the German pocket - battleship Admiral Graf Spee will probably attempt to leave its harbor haven here within a week. The damaged ship with 36 dead put into port here after a running 14 hour fight with three British cruisers yesterday. The British admirality issued a statement late tojlay that naval reinforcements for the three‘damaged British cruisers would be brought to complete the harbor blockade. Another naval battle of major proportions looms in case the German raider makes the attempt to run the blockade. Stockholm, Sweden, Dec. 14— Soviet troops today penetrated Finland to the outskirts of the Svanik and Kirkenes, Norwegian towns on the Finnish border. The Red army occupied the town of Salmajaervi, Finland’s second largest industrial city, only to find it a heap of smoldering ruins left by the Finnish troops who set fire to the city before their retreat. Berlin, Dec. 14—German news sources announced tonight that six British planes had been shot down and one German plane disabled in an aerial battle between 12 British planes and a German Messerschmitt squadron near the North Sea island of Wangeroog. London, Dec. 4—The British Air Ministry announced today that four German and three British planes were shot down in.an aerial battle over the Helgoland Bight, base for German mine-laying airplanes. Washington, Dec. 14—Joseph E. Davies, United States ambassador to Belgium, who returned to the country recently, may remain in the United States indefinitely. White House Secretary Stephen T. Early indicated to Washington newsmen today. Davies will act as special advisor on Russian affairs. Army Planes Visit University Airport On Routine Flight Nine U. S. Army Seversky, pursuit planes landed at the University airport at 10:25 yesterday morning on a routine navigation training
flight.
The planes were inspected by hundreds of Purdue students and townspeople at the airport before their takeoff on the return flight in the afternoon. Major Willis R. Taylor, in command of the flight, was greeted at the airport by Lieut. J. F. Taylor, advance agent for the flying cadet examining board, who has been on the campus since Monday interviewing Purdue seniors interested in enrolling as U. S. Army flying cadets. Three of the pilots in the U. S. Army Flying Corps, W. J. Feallock, R. L. Mathews, and K. W. Sprankle, were 1938 mechanical engineering students at Purdue. The regular army examining board of three officers will arrive on the camps Monday and remain through Wednesday to interview students who are looking forward to appointment as flying cadets. Those students who qualify physically and Academically will qualify for appointment and be sent to flying school for training that will lead to commissions as Second Lieutenants in the U. S. Air Reserve, and possible commission in the regular U. S. Army Flying Corps. In Indianapolis . . . today, R. B. Wiley, head of the school of civil engineering, will attend the annual meeting of the Indiana Society of Professional Engineers where he will be the principal speaker at the banquet this evening. His subject will be “The Need for Greater Appreciation of the Value of Enginee};ing Service.”
Joe Cappo, Santa To Union Tonight
Joe Cappo Over 600 couples in gala mood are expected to dance to the rhythms of Joe Cappo’s orchestra as he plays for the PIA Christmas dance tonight in the old ballroom. This dance is to be semi-formal, and is the last of PIA social functions for 1939. According to Jerry Hinshaw, president of the association, the purpose of the affair is to see that everyone who attends leaves ^for home in the proper holiday spirit. Santa With Gifts Christmastime decorations will be featured in the ballroom, with , a colorful backdrop of holly and candles before a field of white snow. A large lighted tree with gifts for a few lucky persons, including the members of the PIA executive board, will be an added attraction. Santa himself will distribute the presents. Non-members are invited and may purchase tickets at the door for one dollar! Association members may enter upon presentation of one membership card and the passport of the person owning the card. Dancjiilg will last from 9 to 12, with one o’clock hotu’s for coeds.
ChrisflTISS Csnlstg Alpha Gamme Pho
Will Be Presented
Sunday By Choir Presented as the annual Christmas religious convocation, “The Story of Christmas,” a cantata by Alexander Matthews, will be sung by the two hundred and twenty-five voices of the University Choir under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, on Sunday in Eliza Fowler Hall. Two performances will be given, one at 4:30 and one at 8 p. m. Community carol singing will be held in front of the Union on Sunday night, December 17, at 9:30 following the Christmas cantata in Fowler Hall. A. P. Stewart, music director, and the Men’s Glee Club will lead the group in carol singing. After the sing, coffee and doughnuts will be served in the Union. The program is sponsored by the Purdue Student Union. The choir will march in to the strains of “Hark, the Herald Angels Sing.” Forming the nucleus of the group, the concert choir, dressed in gold satin robes, will kneel around a candle-lighted altar. A brass quartet and the University orchestra also will take part in the presentation. Soloists for the occasion are: Alberta Schmadel, Marjorie Williamson, Elmer Carlquist, Marvin Smith, Robert Stanley, Harold Schultz, and Mary Johnston. Albert Schnaible, organist; Rosemary Robinson, celesta, and Jeanne Miller, harpist, will accompany the choir.
Nationally famous figures will participate in the annual water carnival to be presented tonight and tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool. “Aquacade Varieties,” the theme of the carnival, is being sponsored by the Triton and Dolphin Clubs. Tickets may be purchased for 40 cents from the Dolphin and Triton members, at the west desk of the Union, and from Gim- ' let members.
Novelty meets, rhythm swimming, diving events, .racing, and aquatic comedy will be included on the program which is to be based on the general scheme of a typical
championship meet. 13 Year Old to Swim
Attempting to break the American women’s record in the 300 meter event, Patty Aspinal, 13 year old swimmer who established a new American record in the 200-yard breast stroke in last year’s campus carnival, will swim in tonight’s
events.
Whether Katherine Rawls, holder of several women’s records, will be able to get here for the Aquacade is not definitely known. At tomorrow’s performance, Adolph Kiefer, who ranks as the world’s best in all back stroke events, will present a demonstration of his famed backstroke. In the 1936 Olympic games Kiefer captured the champion back stroke honors, Larry Griswold, a feature of the Billy Rose Aquacade this summer, will swim in both nights’
events.
Attempt New Records Attempts for new Indira records in races will also hfe tried. Schedules of these for tonight will be: free style, 60, 400, and 600 yards; backstroke, 220, 60 yard; breaststroke, 160 and 50 yard; free style relay, 200 yard. Solo attempts for new records will include those by Joe Williamson, freshman member of the Purdue team. He will try to smash the Indiana records for the 50, 100, and 220 yard breaststroke, and the 300 yard American record. Loraine Bemis will also try some record breaking in solo swims. Aquacade Queen Opening the Aquacade, Mary Mather, queen of the event, will enter to a platform erected on the south side of the pool. Tommy Harris, president of the Dolphin Club, and Betty Spears, president of Tri(Continued on page 3)
Kelly, Legion Head, Speaks To Local Commerce Group •Ray Kelly, national commander of the American Legion, spoke before the membership dinner of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, which was held in the Union ballroom last, night. Kelly, who came from Detroit for the banquet, was introduced by Mayor Aus-
tin Killian of Lafayette.
In his address Kelly stressed the American Legion program as related to neutrality, the combat of subversive activities, and our military defense policy, and expressed confidence in the ability of Amer-
ican youth to avoid war.
“We. must have nothing to do with the militaristic, economic, or political jealousies of Europe. In 1917 the United States showed Europe how to win a war, but they haven’t shown them how to make a
lasting peace,” he concluded.
President E. C. Elliott was toastmaster for the occasion. The Men’s Glee Club, under the direction of A1 Stewart, presented several numbers, and Miss Norma Ballard provided musical entertainment on a
Hammond electric organ.
An award was made to George Brown for outstanding service in securing the greatest number of new memberb for the Chamber of Commerce since March 1, 1935. Cable G. Ball, president of the greater Lafayette association, made
the presentation.
. . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Robert L. Hurst, Milton; Truman Hays, Bainbridge; Loren Bartling, Portland; and Howard McCarty, West Point, t
Student, Once Diver On Falcon, Describes Rescue Of Squalus
By Donna Siess A great deal of stir, anxiety, and headline news was made last May when the submarine Squalus sank off the New Hampshire coast. To all newspapers readers in the country this event was horrible. Radios were kept tuned to stations announcing the progress of the rescue. Families and friends of the crew members waited with baited breath, for news from the Squalus. However, to a young man on our campus, “it was just another job.” He is F. E. Ingalls, freshman in the electrical engineering school. Ingalls, at the time of the sinking, was third class electrician’s mate and a diver on the U. S. Falcon, the ship whose crew worked so long and tirelessly on the rescue. When SOS calls were received on the Falcon, Ipgalls stated that he and the rest of the crew thought it was just another job which would soon be over. Not until after he had come back to shore for a few hours leave and read some uf the papers did he realize it was woidd news. Relating what he thought to be the l^ue facts of the sinking, Ingalls stated that orders had been given for the submarine to dive.
However, instead of sinking to the usual depth, the Squalus went to a depth of approximately 50 feet and went down from there to rest in 240 feet of water. The trouble spot was the main induction valve. This valve had not been closed and, as a result, after the ship had gone down, water poured into the main induction. The crew was caught in a death trap. Approximately four months were spent bringing the Squalus to the dock yards. The Falcon crew was required to work unceasingly. Some of the ship’s divers were so confused and nerve wracked that while imder the water became almost crazy. Many of them suffered from the bends, a condition caused by too great a change in pressure. Speaking of the survivors, Ingalls said that they were all just very glad to be alive and to see families and friends again. Ingalls is from Orange, Massachusetts. Following graduation from high school he spent four years in the navy and then decided to attend Purdue. Incidentally, he's very prejudiced—“The navy heats the army any time.”mm
■'
ii?'
>’|i 'j ’
mn
-M:
i-'
THE PUBDXJE EXPONENT
Your Move, Freshtfien Three leaders from three of Purdue’s most important activities will take the floor at four o’clock this afternoon in the faculty lounge to tell freshmen the pui’poses and. functions of their respective groups. Representatives of the Student Union, PIA, and Activities Bureau will be on hand to “talk up” their organizations at this fifth Freshman Forum. Activities need freshmen in order to furnish new life for their continued progress. In that progress, the student worker will derive benefits in direct proportion to his interest and enthusiasm in his chosen activity. Value of an activity to the average student in offering him a better-rounded college life, opportunities for making new friends, and personal pleasure found in constructive work, is an accepted fact. Activities are sometimes criticized for having a greater number of organized students that independent students among junior and senior leaders. A further check, however, will show that in practically all cases this ratio holds among freshmen and sophomore workers. Fraternities encourage their freshmen to enter activities; many independent freshmen have no way of knowing how to sign up for an activity, and have no one to explain the various activity groups to them. The Activities Bureau has acquainted many freshmen, both independent and organized, with various campus activities through their freshman interviews. The Purdue Independent Association has neither time nor personnel to suggest activities to all’the independent freshmen in rooming houses and Cary Hall. Their activity future is dependent upon their own interest and initiative. Organized and independent freshmen alike, and other students as 'vtell, will be welcomed at the meeting tonight. Fraternities and sororities should remind their freshmen of this meeting and recommend that they attend. Interested independent students will have no such “push,” but personal initiative should promote attendance. Attendance at a Freshman Forum connotes no requirement that the student eventually enter an activity. When activities call for freshmen early next semester, the class of ’43 may take whatever advantage it likes of the opportunities offered by the Union, PIA, Exponent, Activities Bureau, Debris, and other groups. However, now is the time for freshmen to orient themselves with regard to activities if they wish to make an intelligent choice next semester.
But
By Sonya We’re making a last elfort to raise our head above the inundation of tests and carry on. The faculty must have a conspiracy on to give us students a reason‘for being thankful for vacation. As if we needed it. The height of something or other is being put out over the radio every morning at seven thirty-five, in the form of Sniff, Whiff, and Biff. (And before we go any further, please note that this is not a plug). They tell all about what to do if you get “big city nose”— common cold, to you. Their motto: Get rid of cold misery with a bang. Can’t you imagine Doc Miller writing a Health Service excuse for someone to go to rooming place for “big city hose?” We wonder whether his powerful cureall would qualify, at least on the ‘bang’ part. !'H * * Our mind is finally made .up. We’re going to be in the army air corps, because we’re just a sucker for an airplane. We can’t resist those smooth, powerful jobs that zoomed around here yesterday. We mean the planes . . . of course. They didn’t stay quite long enough for u^ to mean anything else. * * * Too, the military department appeals to us in a bright-sayings-of-the-children sort of way. They have a fetching habit of. giving things out “one each.” For example, they give one each sheet of instructions for one each student. What would Harry say if people started wandering in and asking for one each short one? * * . He ■ Remember, there are nine more “being-good” days left before the day Santa comes. It may be a strain, but again, it naay be worth it. If not, the rest of vacation will be worth something, anyhow. ♦ * • . At least you can sleep.
Today We Introduce ... a new column, somewhat experimental in nature, captioned “Bull Session..’’ This is designed to be more informal than “Voice of the Campus,” a place where students may lean back, put their heels on the table, and let down their Wr. Success of the column is wholly dependent upon student interest in the “Bull Session.” Your griefs and suggestions may be freely aired here, within the limits of good taste. The column will appear irregularly^ depending upon the number of letters received and the amount of editorial material in the paper. Contributions must be signed, but not necessarily for publication.
Bull Session
Dear Bull: Have you ever had an hour off during the day without any desire to study ? Well I have. Have you ever sunk into a comfortable cha,ir in the Browsing room for 60 minutes of blissful intellectual reading? Well I have. Have you ever missed the following class because you didn’t have a conveniently placed clock to find out the hour? Well I have. Have you ever jumped out of a comfortable chair in the middle of an interesting page to find out how much time was left before 10 to arrived? .So have I. Generally speaking, there isn’t any clock in the Browsing room. To be more specific, there are dam few’ clocks in the Union. To be still more exact, in the several years that we have been visiting the Union, we have found only ONE clock in the Union—over the west desk. Is time of so little value in the Union building that the expense was not thought necessary ? Or do all students o’wn and wear watches ? I would like to recommend that clocks be placed in several places in the building. If it were not too expensive, I am sure that a chiming clock might even be appreciated. And if a clock has been invented that lets out a special chime at ID minutes before the hour, I would add my two cents
to the treasilry to purchase such a clock. Anything would be appreciated along this line just so that we can tear away from this very excellent Union and just visit an occasional class. R. J. L.
Dear Bull: They say that Doc Miller doesn’t particularly enjoy being called ignorant, but he has nothing on the Junior Mechanical engineers, who are called ignorant three times a week in a course by the name of Machine Design or ME 61. Now I don’t particularly mind being called ignorant, but when between 60 and 80 percent of this class is called ignorant, it cuts. Why are we called ignorant ? Because all of us 60 per cent are flunking the course according to the latest statistics. Now I don’t mind flunking a course—^very much, but ■when over half of my class flunks a course something must be wrong! Everyone has an idea as towhatis wrong. The Profs say, “thg tests and material covered is the same, this class must be a bit on the ignorant side.” The students say, “We have come this far -without any mass class flunking, why should it start now?” We are an average class and we are no more ignorant than any other class, so something else must be wrong. A minor research into causes and effects reveal one major difference in ME 61 classes of this year as compared with past years. The classes are from 20 to 60 percent
larger in size. The estimated average increase in the number of students in each class is 40 to 60 percent. This means that where 26. students studied the subject in the past, 50 students are having the subject lectured to them this year. The department says that they will not lower the passing requirements. The students say that they haven’t a chance to learn the subject.. What is the result? Well,, around 40 percent of the junior mechanicals will be taking ME 61 next year. Why? Through no cause of their own. The university doesn’t seem to have enough money to pay for more instructors, they say. Who loses ? The' students and the University. Is there no hope for the present scholars ? —M. E. 61 Student.
UifffiMiie TODAY - SATURDAY
'^^ighbors the
. . BaiUrto '-W I + V .. iQujt CBiVfu 1
HOW ABOUT YOUR ACCESSORIES? hats, ties, gloves, and shoes. No finer service can be had than American’s shoe service. Phone NOW for uick>un.
Vine St. American Laundry
Rhone 3085
Some day we’d like to see ... —Bill Hosier in the same Sweet, Shop booth fot more than 6 minutes. —Tommy Jay running. —Tot McQueen without some knitting. —Laurie Brodd looking as though he didn’t have a hangover. ■—Bunny Duck Ritchey when he’s not wagging his head. —Eleanor “Stooge” Miller being sensible. —Monte Carpenter with a package of his own cigarettes. —Peg Davis being natural. —Beer Boy Miehaus without his knowing smile, —Betty Ann Carr when she’s not talking about ‘*all” her dates. —Charles Kennedy without his pipe or Skull and Crescent cap. ' —Peggy The Shark without lipstick. —Dave Dewey with his mouth closed. ■' —B & B— We of the Sweet Shop extend a hearty welcome to comrade Bud Smith of the Delt House after his long absence from the old meeting place. —B&B— If Ginny Royce insists on telling jokes in the Student Union office, the Board will soon have’to hire a censor. Even though Ginny doesn’t get the point, other people are sure to. —B&B— We grant that Bud Hugel has an exceptional voice, but we’re all getting pretty tired of it. ■ —B & B— As well as being one of the better joes, Phi Gam sophomore, Mickey Tierney really made a nice showing in the game Wednesday night. Keep up the gOod work, Mickey. —B & B— Again the Chi Os are on the ball in the pin situation. One new pin merger which has escaped publicity so far is that of Joy Johnson and Jim Woodson. Both were on last year’s Exponent junior staff. And to add to the number of badges in the house Mary Ellen Scarff is now wearing Charley Martin’s Sigma Chi pin. Lamour, lamour I! —B&B— Now that the Yuletide season is in the air, it is time to definitely get going on those “Pre-Christmas” feuds with the girls you have been seeing a lot of, or you may be hooked into buying her a gift. Will the budget stand it what with that queen back home to provide for and New Year’s less than a month away? Wrestling Schedule For December 15 121 lbs.—Fletcher vs. Silva. 155 lbs.—Marks vs. Thompson; Winner vs. Hall. 165 lbs.—Willey' vs. Branbury; Winner vs. Gardner.
KiaieI
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
LAUGH LOADED THRILLS AND ADVENTURE!
— PLUS—- • Roaring thrills of the Men Who Guard Your Lives with Their Own. HEROES IN BLUE — WITH — DICK PURCELL BERNADENE HAYES
Friday# December 15# 1939
GRIN AND BEAR IT
Copt. >•» iw OiJhid realan gyniUMt*, In* Tav 0,8. M. oa#-AD ritht# nicmd
By Lichty
“Before you pass sentence, Yer Honor, please take into consideration the youth and inexperience of my lawyer!” Purdue Exponent Prof. R. J. Greenly
R. B. Insley. .... Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith.... Business Manager Junior. Editors: Mary Burtsfleld, Georgia
Carroll, Beth Simpson.
Sophomore Assistants: Regina Baker, Mary Kay Miller, Mary Bailey, Jean Ann, MeClintock, Maeta Kaplan. Anne Beard, Donna Siess, Marguerite Funkhouser, Florence Justin, Helen Stallings, Esther Kirkhoff, Betty Campbell, Tad Stiers,
Mary Pidgeon, Erma Irwin.
Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. RGPRHSENTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, InCu
College Publishers Representative
420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago - Boston - Los angele's - San Fhancisco National Advertising Representatives; National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member As-
sociated Collegiate Press.
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions,. and do not necessarily coincide with the
official University viewpoint.
Co-ed Editor ...Georgann Schilling Night Editor A.Donahue
• , . of the division of education, and applied psychology departments, was named a member of the editorial board of the American Vocational Association last week when he attended the meetings of the Association in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He will assist in the publication of the American Vocational Journal, a quarterly published for vocational teachers throughout the country.
STARTS TOMORROW
Mrs, Chips" and your Bob , . . in grand mance with a laugh!
-LAST TIMES TODAY"CHARLIE CHAN" in 'The City of Darkness'
LUMA TODAY - SATURDAY
iijIEilllltEERS
msMTmoK
PLUS-
^RAYMONDiWATlON DUNCANiiRENAtDO JAfOUIllNE WEILS
Constance MOORE Johnny DOWNS
USEFUL XMAS HINTS
ARC
TODAY THRU SATURDAY
_AND — JACK RANDALL — IN — 'TRIGGER SMITH”
ALSO —
'm&s] fKHinia liCION
YSERIAL IN 12 CHAPTERS
A wool tie is a man’s own tie. But, it isn’t a SPORTOWN unless it is mode in the exclusive, patented world-famous 4FOLD CONSTRUCTION that makes SPORTOWN TIES different from any wool tie you've ever worn . rich, soft fabrics of fine worsted in a man's own patterns. They tie easily with a perfect “dimpled" knot and wrinkles evaporate like magic overnight. Made by hand in U. S. A.
4fOlD
UlQDlTItS*
'Xl4x^ ^ J- ^ ^
V» >y rf? -Ui 'Jrwip ” rfv b-wiV '^«-w»va-*4^
L^LiJ^mm.
\
n
Friday, December 15, 1939
Sxpomnt S^ydA, fiaqsL
Aquacade Brings (Continued from page 1)
ton Club, will present Miss Mather to the audience. Honor certificates to any performer topping an existing record will be presented by Miss
Mather.
Program
1. Presentation of the Queen. 2. Plying Breast Stroke. 3. 440 yd. to 660 yd. Free. 4. Crab Pace.
6. L. Bemis.
6. Eubber Band Eace. 7. Triton Ballet. 8. 220 yd. Back Stroke. 9. Balloon Eace (6 girls). 10. Dolphin Smoke Writing. 11. Three Little Fishes. 12. 200, 220, 300 yd. Breaststroke —^Williamson. 13. 60 yd. Free. 14. Candle Eace (6 girls).
16. Kiefer.
16. Tug-of-War. 17. Scrambled Swimmers (Follow
the Leader)
18. Patty Aspinal. " 19. Struggle Eace. 20. 60 yd. Back Stroke. 21. Bag Trick.
22. Eawles.
23. Kicking Eace. 24. B. Bemis Medley—exhibitibn. 26. 150 yd. Medley Eelay. 26. Diving — Cook - Eawles, Wildhack, 4 Purdue divers. 27. Griswold.
Student Health Leaders To Meet Here Tomorrow Health problems of institutions of higher education will be the mhin subject for discussion tomorrow at the annual meeting of the Indiana Student Health Association in the facultylounge 6f the Union. Health directors, physical education leaders, deans of men and women, and instructors in charge of student health and others charged with handling the health problems in other state colleges will attend the all day session, which
begins at 8:30 a. m.
Wadding Bells
Lambert Contests Height Wilh Hew Type Defease
Height Disadvantage On Court Solved By Piggy It used to be a fact that no one’s position on a Purdue basketball team was certain, but today, from the indications exhibited during the opening basketball games by Head (k)ach Lambert, not even positions have any determining factor as to just who will bounce the little oval leather for the Gold and
Blafck net squad.
Dr. S. J. Miller, director of the University Health Service, is the presiding officer of the convention. Staff members from the University will deliver addresses on various student health problems and the importance of- cooperative action between the various departments and divisions of educational institutions in ptomoting student health. Inspection Trip Those attending the convention will be conducted through the student health service, school of pharmacy, Fieldhouse, women’s gymnasium, and the residence halls, which will serve as practical examples of tsTpical setups for promoting health. One of the main speakers on the program will be Dr. Max Bahr, superintendent of the Central State Hospital of Indianapolis, who will
OGLY
y^rselves, ’ ^ Fdjksr Help yourself from the largest stocks and finest assortments of groceries, meats, fruits and vegetables we have ever offered. All arranged fdr convenient selection. Save money at Piggly Wiggly where your food dollar goes farther.
are Beautiful!
WATCH SALE SfMokUQ^tScUeP^iGe $1475 $24.75 Ladies' or Men's Indiana Time King Watch—Natural Gold Color — Guaranteed in Every Respect—Pay $1.00 a Week.
■L I
UAMt & WILSON
633 Main Street
give the closing address, “The Constitution of Normal and 111 Mental Health.” Dr. J. W. Strayer, superintendent of the William Eoss Sanatorium of Lafayette, will speak on “The Declining Tuberculosis Death Eate.” Several University staff members will address the gathering during the day. Prominent among them are President E. C. Elliott; Floyd E. Eastwood, associate professor of physical education; Noble E. Kizer, director of physical education for men; Helen W. Hazelton, head oiC the department of physical education for women; G. O. Arbuclde, manager of the men’s residence halls; Dorothy C. Stratton, dean of women; M. L. Fisher, dean of men; C. B. Jordan, dean of the school of pharmacy; and Dr. S. J. Miller and F. L. Willis, of the student health service. / The meetings will also be open to all persons of the University faculty interested in the health of college students.
\ Hair dresses by our operators are sure to attract attention for their beauty and individual becoming style no matter where you appear To enjoy the thrill of holidays get a permanent of lasting quality and l^eauty Special — Permanent Wave gift coupons or service ticket for all work
Other gifts — Beautiful combination compacts and cigarette cases in leather and choice of colors Only $1.00 each Complete line of Cosmetics and hairgoods. Special prices to co-eds. (Soft water) * Call for appointment Modem Beauty Shop
PEARL S. WHARTON 653 Main Street
A. J. WHARTON
Phone 6803
IT’S NEW!.. THE
ir'9 iVEw:.. ine
With MAGIC Margin ... you set the margin automatically^— 3 Hmes taster. Many other exclusive Royal office typewriter features. Complete with Duo-Case. ^Trudt^mark B«q U 8 Pat Off
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6437
. . . will ring for Cecil Isbell, former Boilermaker gridiron star and now a member of the World’s Champion Green Bay Packers professional football team, tomorrow afternoon at the home of his bride, Miss Hope Eeisner, of West Lafayette. The wedding will be at 4 p. m. Don Hutson, the great pass receiving end of the Packers, is here for the wedding. Isbell is a member of the Phi Delta Theta fraternity, and graduated with the 1939 physical education class.
^ioMoh\ ■
By Tad Stiers Tonight will decide this year’s champions in the women’s dormitory volleyball tournament, which has been coming along briskly. Yesterday WEH North, thft winner of League I, played Ward HI, the winner of League II, and ditto for WEH West, winners of League III, and Alpha Xi Delta, who had top standing in League IV, so tonight’s finals between WEHs North and West will decide the grand champs. —fo— After the close of the riflery competition, the class teams will be selected from the girls who had attended the intramural practices. Ten girls from each of the upper classes will be chosen for the class shoot which will be held immediately after Christmas. Then from these class teams, the honorary varsity team will be selected. Officials reported there has been a turnout of approximately 270 girls. —^fc— Seeing’s how we’re all due back for the annual check up of the family’s eagle eyes, it might be a good idea to visit the Posture Clinic, which is open to sophomores, juniors, and seniors, and meets every Monday at 4 p m in the corrective loom of the Women’s Gym. Another brand of relief offered to sufferers of bad arches, painful feet, etc., IS the Foot Clinic, which meets at the same place on Tuesdays at 4 o’clock. Not only are free foot examinations given, but the best corrective treatment is suggested and given upon request. —^fc— Don’t forget to remember not to forget the super puddle parade tonight—that colossal galaxy of swimming, diving,, comedy, beauty, speed, rhythm, and stars, which will also paddle around tomorrow night at 8 o’clock in the Fieldhouse pool.
The first game of the season showed ^his to be tiue when to the surprise of eveiyone acquainted with Purdue basketball. Coach Lambert had four guards on the floor in action at the same time; they were Beretta, Yeagei, Tierney, and Caress. Igney was present to give the atmosphere a scene of a dash of offense, but with Tierney playing a whale of a game at the pivot position, and Beretta suddenly becoming a forward, the revised team scored as much as the “regular” .outfit. But an imorthodox offensive attack isn’t all that Lambert is now using. Invent Defense The team’s poor and helpless showing against the height of Chicago’s DePaul showed,Lambert that something must be done to solve the height disadvantage that the present mob of basketball shooters of Purdue possess. He invented a defense that not only solved the problem, but kept Detroit, a team rated above DePaul and just as big as DePaul’s netters, away from the goal list for the first 28 minutes of playing time, something seldom, if ever heard of in “big” college circled. The new defense appears to be nothing more or less than having three Boilermakers literally mob an opponent every time he touches the ball. This type of defense took the giant Detroit forwards and center off guard so many times that they looked pitiful trying to keep the ball on theii offensive diives
A Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
PURDUE STUDENTS SPECIAL TRAIN to NEW YORK CITY Newark - Trenton - Philadelphia -> R^tsburgh - Ft. Wayne and connections for Baltimore and Washington VIA WABASH - PENNSYLVANIA RAILROAD Special Air-Conditioned Coaches, arranged for full reclining at night Through Dining Car Service, also serving Coach Meals. FAST THROUGH TRAIN — LOW ROUND TRIP RATES
Lv Lafayette, December 20 Ar. Fort Wayne, December 20 Ar. Pittsburgh, December 21 Ar Harrisburgh, December 21
5:20 p.m. 7:50 p.m. 2.35 a.m. EST 7 50 a.m. EST
CONNECTIONS GO TO BALTIMORE AND WASHINGTON Ar Baltimore, December 21 1 00 p,m. E$T Ar Washington, Decemb'cr 21 2:00 p.m. EST
Ar. Philadelphia, December 21 Ar. Trenton, December 21 Ar. Newark, December 21 Ar. New York City, December 21
9:45 am. EST 10-J19 a.m, EST 10:55 a.m. EST 11:15 a.m. EST
RETURNING
Through special cars—New York to Lafayette. Leave Now York, 11:40 p.m , EST; Newark, 11.55 p m_, ^^n. 2nd; Washington, 11 *40 p m., Jan. 2nd; Trenjtan, 12:20
am, Baltimore, 12‘34 a.m; Philadelphia, 1 08 am^ Fort Wayne, 2 15pm Arrive Lafayette, 4:53 p.m, Jan 3rd.
Eastern Standard Time East of Fort Wayne, Ind
Pittsburgh, 8:40 a.m.;
All times shown
For Reservations and Tickets See ROBERT D. McCarthy ' Telephone 2501, 800 Northwestern Ave., Or Ticket Agent WABASH RAILWAY CO.i:/ V
0,
/
<tj
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# Decomber 15# 1939
diim, anxL dOut. By Anne Beard For an old man Father Time is certainly scurrying towards our Christmas vacation and bringing with it oodles of parties. Did you hear any complaints ? —H & H— From 4 to 6 this afternoon they will be swinging to recorded music at an informal tea dance at the Theta house. A buffet supper will be served afterwaids. Pledges of Alpha Chi Omega will be honored tonight at a formal dance at the chapter house . . . The dance will be given by the actives. —H&H— Something new and novel w*ll be happening at the Pi K A house on Saturday night when they have their radio dance with a floor show on “Make It H ... on the Chaperones Night.” John Dietrich and Gibb Williams are giving the pantomime. —H & H— “There’s music in -the air” for Saturday night fairly tingles with dances at almost all of the houses The SAEs are initiating the idea of a pi ogram dance at their house— and furthermore they plan to follow this plan. —H & H— The Sig Eps and Phi Kaps are having radio dances on Saturday night at their houses. The decorations cany out the Noel theme. —H & H— Ovei yonijer on Littleton street the Sigma Chis are entertaining at their annual Blue formal "dinnerdance. From all hearsay and reports the decorations and entire party is going to be super as per usual The entire house has been decorated in blue with red, white and blue translucent lights to play on the ceiling above. —H & H— Still on the subject of Chiistmas foinials the Kappa Sigs are entertaining on Saturday at a yuletide dinner-dance at their house. Almost a black out except for silver stars and crescents on the walls and ceiling are the decorations for a usually scrumptuous party. Bill McCrady will play for'the affair. —H & H— Somejthing different in decorations will be found at the Sigma Alpha Mu Cabaret party on Saturday night. A purple and white backdi op will form a medieval castle for the decorations. Especially fancy are the Sigma Nus, who are giving their yuletide dinner-dance at Lincoln Lodge. Multicolored balloons will decorate the ceiling, while Hal Denhan furnishes the music. —H & H— Speaking of Christmas formals, the Theta Taus and Beta Sigma Psis entertained at a very unusual Snow Ball at Allen’s last Saturday night. The band backdrop was a five foot snowball of cotton on which rays fiom the color organ flashed. While Paul Reedy’s band members took an intermission, members of the two fratei'mties and their dates lined up for a snow ball fight using tissue paper snow balls for ammunition. The struggle was j’udged a tie after several minutes of fighting. —H & H— Congratulations, Delta Gamma. We hear that you are to be formally pledged on Saturday. ’Smatter of fact the formal dance at Duncan Hall after the ceremony sounds elegant. —H & H— The stately columns of the Phi Delt house will reverberate to the strains of Irv Maury’s orchestra at their dance of the jmletide season on Saturday night. —H & H— With an eye toward next year the Cary Hall boys are looking forward to their formal dinner dance on January 5 with Anson Weeks
REMEMBER YANKEE TRAILWAYS XMAS BUS FARES Will Save You Money — DIRECT TO — CHICAGO $2.95 R.T. Valparaiso $2.80 R. T. Gary $2,95 R. T. Indianapolis $2.25 R. T. CINCINNATI $5.75 R.T. 208 N. 5ri> Phone 4475
Methodist Groups Present Programs Tonight And Sunday “The Messiah,” famous oratorio by George Frederich Handel, will be presented tonight at 8 o’clock in the West Lafayette Methodist Church, under the direction of Mrs. H. M. Anderson, with Mrs. F. J. Roberts, organist. Dr. Otto Scott Steele will be the narrator. “Why the Chimes Rang,” a Christmas play, will be presented by the Wesley players on Sunday evening, Dec. 16, at 6:30 m the West Lafayette Methodist Church. This is the seventh year in succession that the Paul Tnncher Smith Memorial choir has presented this most venerated of all oratories, “The Messiah,” the only one which has presentations at Christmastide around the world. Students in Cast Soloists with the choir include: Nelle Morris, Mrs. Robert Mureen, Mrs. Floyd Amsler, Sam Keller, and Lois Coffing. This program should be of especial interest to university people since the choir of 55 voices includes ^ students and faculty members in its personnel. The recital is open to the public. Welbourne Tooker has the lead part iii the play which is to be presented next Sunday evening. Members of the supporting cast include David Johnston, Larry Nichols, and Oobert Lumpkin. Organ and chime effects will be played by Mrs. F. J. Roberts, and choral music will be furnished by the Paul Trincher Smith Memorial Choir under the leadership of Mrs. H. M. Anderson, director of the choir. Walter Kettenring is Stage Manager and Ralph Gaier will have charge of lighting. Home Economics . . . students and faculty members will be guests of the Student Union at an informal Christmas get-to-gether this afternoon in the reception room of the Union. Tea will be seived the guests from 4:30 to 5:30.
Duke University SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N C. Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year These may be taken consecutively (graduation m three and one-quarter years) or three terms may be taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and three years of college work, including the subjects specified for Class A medical schools. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Admission Committee.
Remember You can "give more and spend less" when you buy all your gifts at Penney's
Independent Students Can Still Buy Fire Insurance Insurance against damage to students’ clothing and other property, which has been sold through PIA, is again available, vice-president Carl Lutz announced yesterdaj^. This insurance covers practically everything except loss by theft, and is sold at a premium of 75 cents for up to $200 coverage. Lutz urged that those who have been asking fgr these policies and others desiring to take advantage of the reasonable premium see him in the PIA office from 4 to 5 p, m. any week day until December 20, or call him later in the day at Cary Hall South. The insurance will not be available after December 20.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Eta Kappa Nu: Initiation will be held in room C of the Union. Banquet in rooms 1 and 2 at 6 o’clock —KEEN
amination will register in room 109 before Friday, Dec 15. —OWEN.
Agricalturist Staff: Meeting of Business Staff of Agriculturist at 4 -SO p. m. Friday in Engineers office. —^WHITHAM.
Reamer Club: Regular meeting Monday, December 18, 8 p. m. in room P of the Union. Basketball tickets will be distributed. hjjferyone be there. —REILEY. Co-op Venture: This week’s issue editor will be Don Grant, group 2. —ELY.
Seniors: For your convenience in ordering Personnel Data sheets, a desk will be available from 4 to 6:30 in the great hall of the Union until Christmas vacation. —LEMON.
Debris Sophomores: Meet at the dark room Tuesday, December 19, at 4 p. m. —DYER.
Mixed Recreation: Friday, December 15, at 7:30 in women’s gym. Wear tennis siloes for volleyball, badminton, shuffleboard, and ping pong. Everyone welcome. No swimming because of Aquacade. —MATHER.
Distinguished Howitzer Squad Competition: All juniors who would like to organize howitzer squads to compete in a new test to be started early in the second semester please sign up at once on list posted on bulletin board on second floor of the Armory. No juniors or sophomores who took part in the competition just finished are eligible fo rthe new list. For further information see Major Faulconer. (12-20) —FAULCONER.
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, December 16, by schools as follows: Students whose names begin with A-E, room 264, E E. building; P-Le, room 129, E E building; Li-R, room 201, Civil building : S-Z, room 101, Michael Golden Shops. —KNAPP.
G. E. 35: Examination for removal of C grades in Machine Shop, G E 36 will be given Saturday, Dec. 16, in room 101, of Michael Golden Shops Students taking ex-
Sigma Delta Chi: Must have all Riveter Hassle tickets and money by Friday, December 16, five p. m. in Exponent office. —DECKARD.
Staunch Friends
There just can't be coffee without some of Grave's delicious sweet rolls. Stop in tonight and pick up some for tomorrow morning. GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
...SEND your laundry home by convenient Railway Express
Thrifty idea, this It saves you bother, and cash too, for you can express it home "collect”, you know. So phone our agent today He’ll call for your weekly package, speed It away by fast express tram, and when it returns, deliver your laundry to you — all without extra charge. Complete and handy, eh? Only Railway Express gives this service, and It’s the same with your vacation baggage. For either or both, just pick up a phone and call 9 S. Second Sf. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Indiana
1839 , ,, A Century of Service . . . 1939 Railway Express AaENCY. INC. nation-wide rail-air service
Get Your Clothes Cleaned NOW For The Holiday Season
The touch that will make your vacation a success, will be well-groomed clothes. You. yourself, could give no greater care than we will give in cleaning your clothes. Our special process removes all dirt without the slightest harm. It's inexpensive, too.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
PI Tau SlKma: Important meeting in ME reading room Monday, December 18, at 4 p. m. —EILERIN6.
Wesley Foundation: There will be a Christmas supper at the Foundation Saturday, December 16, from 6 to 7:80 p. m. Admission 20 cents. Proceeds will go to buy milk for underprivileged children. —STANGLAND.
Alpha Zeta: No meeting this week. —HITCHCOCK.
A. Ph. A.: Due to circumstances beyond our control, we are unable to have our Christmas party as was announced. —OSBORN. Lutheran Students: A Chrishnas party association will be held in room F of the Union at 4:16 p. m. Friday, December 16. , —HALL.
Classified Ads FOR SALE FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines aa low as m.n. Supplies. C. P. Ebershoff. 606 Main street.
FOR RENT FOR RENT—^Nice quiet single room. 420 Evergreen. Phone 66034.
Lutheran Students: A Christmas pasty will be held in the basement of Grace Lutheran Church Monday, December 18, at 7:16 p. m. All members and students interested in becoming members of the association are invited. —^HALL.
Weight Lifting Club: Important meeting Friday, December 16, at E:16 p. m, in the sub-basement of Fieldhouse. All members and those interested are invited to a&nd. —SIGRED.
RUSS' RENT-A-CAR SERVICE. Phone 71644 after 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60. All night. LOST AND POUND LOST—Decitrig Duplex Slide Rule. In or near ME building Thursday. Name on case. R G. Beavers. 8407.
Chemistry Condition Exam: Condition examinations for Chemistry 80, 82, and 84 will be given in room 101 of the Education building January 6 at 1 p. m. (12-16) —McBBE.
LOST—Gold-framed spectacles on campus. Return to J. L. Traugott, Cary Hall South.
LOST—Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin some time last week on the campus. Call Chase, 8801. Reward.
Seniors: Personnel Data Sheets are available at the Activities Bureau office for $8.86 a hundred. Seniors are urged to take advantage of this streamlined way of impressing employers. (12-16) —BREUER.
MISCELLANEOUS FURNACE—CARE—Reliable man will care for furnaces in West Lafayette during Christmas holidays. Phone 36961. Thomas.
MS
CHRISTMAS GIFTS Give her the loveliest oF Christmas gifts—enchanting Evening in Paris, enclosed in sparkling boxes attuned to the spirit of Yuletide.
Luxurious white satin enhances the loveliness of Evening in Paris sets—exquisite gifts to remind her of you day after day.
Give her something truly exqui-site-a gift set with Evening in Paris Face Powder, Lipstick, Perfume, Talcum and a Single Vanity.
Give her an Evening in Paris gift set for Christmas. This one, with Perfume and Single Vanity costs but $1.85
OTHER GIFT ENSEMBLES 9fe*25“
c^aem. LOEB & HCN6 COmmi
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
• Jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
• Dine
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Hardware
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Tailor
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
e Tin Shnn - —^
• Dairy Products
John Balkema Tin Shop Tin Work of Descriptions 104 Main St, Phone 6852
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214