Purdue
Z.IW
Exponent
Volume 51<r No. 169
Friday, Mcy 6, 1940
Gala Week Visitors Crowd Campus For Festivities
Gala Week Activity Opens Climaxing With Registration Today Program Includes Open House, Sports, Class Reunions, Music Hall Dedication Gala Week activities will begin this morning and continue unabated until tomorrow evening. The program will get underway with registration this morning. Following in rapid succession will be the opening of the Baby Chick and Egg show, open house in the school of agriculture, home economics, physical education, and science and in the library, locomotive museum, power plant, men’s and women’s residence halls, armory and airport.
Gala Afternoon In the afternoon there will be the Ohio State Baseball game, Michigan State tennis match, Illinois Golf match, a special review of the EOTC unit, and a special program by the department of physical education for women. Tonight there will be a number of class dinners; George Ade will be the guest of honor at the 1910 class dinner in the Union, while at the Fowler Hotel, at the 1905 class dinner, Loyalty certificates will be presented by Professor G. A. Young. Other Banquets " At the same time, campus lettermen and past lettermen will join in attending the annual banquet of the International “P” Men's Club. H. S. O’Brien, captain of the 1914 football team will be the principal speaker. Awards of gold basketballs and “P” blankets will be made to the deserving lettermen. During the evening while the new Music Hall is being dedicated, all the schools and departments will be holding open house in their respective buildings. Class Parties Also during the evening will be the Galacade, sponsored by the Purdue Dolphin Club and anumber of class parties including a stag for the class of 1915 at the Elks Club, and a “mixed” party at the Lafayette Country Club sponsored by the Tippecanoe County Alumni Association. (Continued on page 4) Open House Will Give Cross Section View Of University Life Annual Open House, to be held today, promises a wide variety of entertainment as well as an insight into the actual mechanics and type of work offered at the university. In connection with the program, a number of novel displays will be presented by the chemistry department, among which will be demonstrations of glass blowing and geneial chemistry in the annex, and liquid air demonstrations with lectures at half hour intervals in room 106 of the main building. Other displays and exhibits will cover work in anal3rtical, organic, inorganic, and physical chemistry. From the school of electrical engineering will come an “electrocution,” Kiss-O-Meter tests, and hamburgers frying on dry-ice. Also highlighting the activities of the day will he the agricultural open house program, including visits to the nurseries, greenhouses, Smith Hall, and Creamery, and the new Agricultural engineering building. Livestock will be on display at the livestock judging pavilion. The annual Egg and Baby Chick Show will be in progress at the poultry building. Reflecting the attitude of all the schools. Prof. Frier, chairman of the agricultural arrangements committee, explained that the program planned would afford an excellent opportunity for interested young men to gain an inclusive picture of the work being offered by the university.
Helen Jepson
Jepson, Martini To Share In Hall Of Music Opening By Mary Bailey Helen Jepson and Nino Martini will share the spotlight in the gala opening and dedication of the new Hall of Music to be held tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30 p.m. This will be Martini’s first appearance on the campus, but Miss Jepson has already established her popularity with the students by the program she presented last year.
Nino Martjni
, . . many months of planning and labor, the University will dedicate the new Hall of Music, largest accoustically designed structure of its kind in the world, in a special convocation program beginning at 7:30 tonight.
. . . who returns to campus today to take part in the dedication of the new music hall.
General Danford To Attend National Inspection May 9 Major General Robert M. Danford, Chief of Field Artillery, who organized the first ROTC unit at Yale University, will be present at the annual Corps Area inspection and review of the Purdue Corps of Cadets on May 9 and 10, according to word received by the Military department. General Danford’s decision to visit Purdue at this time is a tribute to the work being done here m training future field artillery officers. There will be a luncheon in the north ballroom following the national inspection on Thursday, May 9, for all visitors, instructors, and senior and junior military students. The honor guests at the banquet will be Major General Danford, who will be the principal speaker; Colonel Albert Smith, formerly of the Engineering staff here; Governor M. Clifford Townsend, and Lieutenant Governor Henry F. Schricker. At this time, the Albert Smith awards for senior tactics will be presented by their donor, Colonel Smith. These awards consist of three sabers, given each year to the three seniors who turn in the best solutions to problems in military tactics. Phi Kappa Sigma . . . announces the election of officers for the school year 1940-41: President, Arthur E. Evers; Vicepresident, Charles Geise, Elmhurst, 111.; Pledge Master, Eugene McQuillan, Bellville, 111.; Social Chairman, John Strange, Frankfort, Ind.; House Manager, Milton Day Baughman, Warren, 0.; Secretary, Donald Brophy, Chicago, 111.; Corresponding secretary, William Allen, Cleveland, 0.; Sergeant-at-arms, Donald Brocking, Indianapolis, Ind., and John Amos, Cleveland, O. Two new pledegs were also announced: Lloyd McEachem, Wellsville, N. Y.; and Williatp Mclnemey, Grand Rapids, Mich.
Paul Whiteman Will Play For Senior Hop Tomorrow Night Seniors At Banquet Will Dance Free Paul Whiteman will furnish the music for the Senior Hop tomorrow night in the Union ballrooms. The dance is an aftermath of the Founder’s Day Banquet to be held at 5:30 Saturday afternoon. The banquet will be over in plenty of time to alrow the alumni to attend the dedication ceremonies in the new music hall. Tickets are now on sale and are selling for the popular price of a 1 egular mixer. The first one-hundred seniors to buy tickets will be admitted to the banquet. Plans have been made for these one-hundred seniors to be admitted to the dance free of charge. A few dance tickets will be sold at the door. Hass Speaks Short speeches will be given during the banquet program by Henry Hass, President of the University Club; representing the faculty; Lawrence Archibald, chairman of the Gala Week Committee, representing the seniors; David E. Ross, representing the board of trustees; and President Elliott, representing the University. Special numbers will be provided by the Glee Club. Seniors Baccalaureate services will be held in the Hall of Music on Sunday, May 5, at 2:30 p.m. All Candidates (graduate and undergraduate in resident study) for degrees in June are required to attend. Candidates for degrees in January or August are requested to attend if possible. Th^ procession in academic costume, will assemble promptly at 1:40 p.m. in the lobby of the ground floor of the Hall of Music, using the east entrance in the rear of the Executive Building. The academic procession will move at 2:00 p.m. and after circling the Hall will enter th^ Hall of Music by the main entrance through the Executive Building.
ROTC Will Pass In Review On IM Field At3:40PM Today Four units of field artillery including a truck-drawn battalion, comprising the entire University corps will pass in-review for Gala Week visitors at 4 p.m. today. The review will be held on Intramural Field. The corps will assemble in the Armory this afternoon 3:40 p.m., prior to marching to Intramural field. Pedestrians wishing to view the ceremony can most conveniently enter the field by the way of Third and Fourth street gates. Space for parking will be provided at the north end of the field. Cars should enter this area by way of Russell street and the Fourth street gate. In the event of inclement weather, the review will be held in the Fieldhouse with only the first and second regiments forming there at 3:40 p.m. The second Battalion, Fourth Purdue Field Artillery less battery “S” is designated as the truckdrawn battalion. Rain Swells Wabash River Three And One-Half Feet Rain, falling at the rate of 2.23 inches in the past three days, has swollen the water of the Wabash River at the rate of 3.6 feet in twenty-four hours, with all indications pointing to a peak approaching or even passing the flood stage of 13 feet, it was annbunced by the University, wqather bureau last night.
. . . Metropolitan opera star, who will co-star with Helen Jepson at tonight’s dedication of the new music hall. Entries For Singing Contest Due May 4 Saturday, May 4, has been set as the deadline for registration of organizations wishing to participate in the all-University singing contest to be held May 11. All groups which have not yet registered may do so this afternoon or tomorrow from 4 to 6 in the Student Senate office, or by seeing Ruth Bennett or Paul Hamman before 12 noon Saturday. , Approximately thirty-five organizations have registered to date. Each group will be allowed five minutes singing time. Judges for the contest will be Mr. William I. Pelz, State Director of Music Profram of WPA, and Miss Edna Bowles, Voice Instructor at DePauW University. Dr. L. M. Sears . . . was guest speaker before a meeting of Delta Rho Kappa last night. Following the speech, the f ollo'wing officers were ^elected for 1940-41: John Oswalt, president; Ruth Bennett, vice-president; Merle Hagemeyer, secretary treasurer.
Home Economics Display Will Reveal Unusual Decorations, Culinary Oddities By Georgann Schilling
Class Parade Seniors are expected to participate in the raising of the 1940 Class flag and the parade of all classes (from oldest down to the Class of 1940) which begins with a wreathplacing ceremony and a 71-gun salute on the oval sharply at 2:00 p.m., Saturday, May 4. At 2:15 the parade will form with the oldest alumni at the head and the senior class in the rear, marching to the intra-squad football game which will be played in Ross-Ade stadium starting at 3:00 p.m.
Would you like to see the latest type of open-faced sandwiches for a tea party? How about getting some new ideas in table decorations? Or seeing a display of new kinds of salads? The junior and senior girls in the institutional management classes are planning a display of these things and of many other new original ideas for their open house exhibit this afternoon. The kitchens and dining room of the Home Economics cafeteria will be open for visitors from 1 to 4 o’clock today. A many-ring food circus being put on will include a table set for a bride’s announcement party, a bridge luncheon, and a table for a wedding breakfast. A circus set-up for a child’s party includes a musical meny-go-round. An ideal picnic
table and an invalid’s tray will be in the show. Another attraction will be the food demonstration to be given on such items as salads, garnishes, fancy sandwiches, and cake decorating. In the kitchen there will be a showing of the working of lai-ge equipment. Small equipment, it’s uses, and the manuplative skill required for its use will also be demonstrated. Menu ideas galore can be found on the huge map showing the location of institutional managers who are now employed in various parts of the coimtry. If you’re curious about what makes the wheels go arotmd at the Home Economics cafeteria, or if you need some new ideas for your spring parties, try visiting the exhibit this afternoon. Young ideas will be plentiful!
Nino Martini, a Metropolitan tenor, is recognized for his achievements in four fields of vocal art, namely opera, concert, radio, and motion pictures. He has consistently won the applause of his audiences. He has appeared in the Philharmonic Auditorium in Los Angeles, the Metropolitan Opera House in New York, the Denver auditorium in Denver, Colo., Meany auditorium in Seattle, Washington, and the War Memorial Auditorium in San Francisco, California. Wins Award He has also appeared in concert tours on two continents. He is the tours on two continents. He is the only singer ever to have received the coveted broadcasting honor, Columbia’s medal for distinguished contribution to radio art, which was awarded also to Leopold Stokowski, Colonel Lindbergh, and Admiral Byrd, and to Martini as “the man, who more clearly than any other individual, symbolizes that artistic perfection whereby radio lives and grows.” Miss Jepson was introduced to the public by Paul Whiteman, who has brought many talented artists to the attention of the American public. It is quite a coincidence that Miss Jepson and Whiteman will both be here on the same week-end. She started her singing career at Lake Chatauqua in New York. There she met the late Horatio Connell, who advised her to study music. She gained a scholarship to the Curtiss Institute at Philadelphia, and studied there. She made her debut opposite Lawrence Tibbett on the Metropolitan stage. Concert, Speeches Feature Dedication Of New Music Hall As a feature of the Gala Week celebration the new Music Hall will be formally dedicated tonight with a program beginning at 7:30. A concert by Helen Jepson and Nino Martini will be the maii^eature of the dedication program. Besides the concert by the famohs singrers there will be musical presentations by the Purdue Symjptionic Band, the Glee Club and the Concert Choir along with speeches by President Elliott; David Ross, Ih:esident of the University Board of Trustees, and Paul T. Cooper, president of the Student Ui^on. The invocation will be pronounced by the Rev. J. W. Findley, director of the Purdue Westminster Foundation. Saturday night’s program which will be designed especially for the general public and alumni, will feature the same musical organizations and address by President Elliott. In addition there will be addresses by Lt. Governor Henry F. Schriker and the Hon. John M. Carmody, administrator of the Federal Works Agency. Carmody’s address will be transmitted to Washington by means of the hall’s public address system. Gold Peppers . . . Junior co-ed athletic booster honorary announces the election of the following officers for the year 1940-41; President, Georgia Carroll, Vice-President, Iferle Hagemeyer; secretary, Jane Black; and treasurer, Johann McLean.V
y
P0BD0E EZIPOMEIIT
Jhaday. Moy 3, 1940
Galacade^ Gala Week Swim Feature Opens With Exhibition By 5 Year Old
Four Mid-States AAU swimming titles, along with a like number of Indiana AAU championships, will Jse put on the block tonight at 8:30 p.m. in the Fieldhouse pool, in Dick Papenguth’s Galacade being presented as one of the features of the Gala Week celebration. Mid-States titles to be decided will be the men’s 100 yard back stroke and 220 free style, and the women’s 100 yard breast stroke and 10 foot diving, while Indiana AAU championships will be at stake for the men in the 440 yard free style and 200 yard breast stroke, and the 220 yard free style and 50 yard breast stroke for men. Little Sarah Ann Carroll, five year
old gNvimnier from Indianapolis, 'Will open the program with a special exhibition, and interspersed among the competitive events will be ballets by the Triton club, girl’s swimming organization, and a children’s race between two little girls named Sue Gastineau and Mary Carroll. Winding up the program will be the hotly contested race between the freshmen and the varsity for the newly “constructed” steam boil-
er trophy.
The program will be as follows:
1. Opening—6 year old Sarah Ann Carroll 2. 100 yard back stroke—men 3. 100 yard breast stroke—^women 4. Trjton Ballet—10 girls 5. Balancing act 6 50 yard back stroke—^women 7. Handicap race 8. 100 yard back stroke—^men’s finals 9. 200 yard breast stroke— men’s finals 10. 220 yard free style—men 11. Comedy 12. 60 yard back stroke—^women’s finals 13. ID foot diving—^women 14. 220 yard free style—men’s finals 15. Ballet—4 girls 16. 220 yard free style—^women 17. Frosh-Varsity Trophy Struggle Motion Study Class To Feature Display To demonstrate the modem trend m industry toward simplified manufacturing procedures with a minimum of material handling, there is a display in the Time and Motion Study Laboratory in Heavilon Hall. This exhibit, the first of its kind on the campus, is one of the features of the two-day Management Conference, apd will be open during the day for conference visitors and also
Ag Officials From Four States Meet Af Campus Agriculture and home economics officials opened a three day discussion session yesterday, with representatives from Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio and Wisconsin. Extension Director W. W. Clark of Wisconsin University presided over the first meeting. Round-table discussions concerned the development of important farm and home problems and their solutions. “Oppoirtunities of Extension Workers in Relationship with Other Organizations and Activities,” was the address which under secretary Claude H. Wickard gave in one of the meetings. Then Mrs. Ola Powell Malcolm, extension field agent, gave an interesting talk on “Cotton Utilization Through Mattress
Making.” Problems
Problems and methods ■<^£'correlating extension activities were presented in a second round-table discussion by Extension Director Harry J. Reed of Purdue. Today’s program will concern land use planning and related problems. Speakers will include Reuben, Brigham, Doris McCartney, and M. J. Huxley, county agriculture agent m Fulton county. during the evening for the Gala Week open house. Students in the motion study course, GE 129, under the direction of Professor H. B. Rogers, have arranged their semester projects to present the display.
ARC
TODAY Thru SATURDAY
WBAA
FRIDAY 11:00—American Institutions — Prof. Robert Phillips 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Ag Forum 12:16—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Market Reports 1:00—Monitor Views the News 1:16—^Alberta Schmadel—soprano 1:30—Flying Club 1:45—State Employment Service 2:00—^Vocational Guidance 2:30—Parade of Business 3:00—Jefferson High School 3:30—Glenn Paxton 3:46—Opera Music 4:16—^Exponent of the Air 4:45—Story Book Hour
Classified Ads
FOR SALB
FOR SA14(
pewritcn. All nmkw.
■tandurd and partwa, void, porehaaad, rented and repaired. New portable aaaebinca aa low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Kbersheff.
606 Main street.
For Sale or Trade: 1981 Packard Club Sedan. 41217 Model A trade preferred.
Service in carpentry and cabinet work. Saw filing, T^KNNIS RACKETKi and squaab rackets RESTRIING and repaired. Racket handles spliced. George H. Craig. Phone 66832 224 Waldron St
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2,50 all night. Phone 71644.
LOST AND FOUND Lost; Theta Chi Fraternity Pin Call 6065. Reward
luAid
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
immm — TODAY-SATURDAY — D0mE^BARR^j[||D
Extra Popeye Cartoon
—with— CHARLES BICKFORD LLOYD NOLAN AND-
liisei on "0a;k Eyes oi Union" k EDGAR WALLACl
PLUS mi MEN fME IWif! mi WttSES I
with EDITH FEUOWS • JAMES McCALUOb
UIHA — TOq»4Y - SATURDAY— —2 FIRST RUN HITS—
Notices
Fencing Tourney: All first round matches must be fenced off Monday, May 6. Brewster, Freyman, McKee, Stonevic, Thixtun, Paine, Rice, Plummer, Ekeberg, Baciu Hoskins, Jackson, and Kaufman must be there. Matches not fought Monday will be forfeited unless notice is given to me before Monday. Cali 71834. —PITCHER.
mads Starts TOMORROW
Jolting, dynamite drama! TYRONE DOROTHY"" POWER • LAWOUR
EDWARD ARNOLD UQYD NOIAN CHAAUY ORAflWlN • UQNEl ATWIU -LAST TIMES TODAY—
SJ^lACK! HOME!
The solid sock of a smashing hit—and the ba.-v soars over the fence! There goes the player—breezing Th^ crp\^4 gpes wild wjth hysteria! It’s a bang-iip thrill to see A HOME RUN HIT!
liut it to a bigger thrill to see the solid SOCK of a SMASHING PRICE — going down LOW, Low, low! Then you know that Piggly Wiggly is at bat— Knocking out HOME RUN HITS in food values every day! That’s our policy!
FreMimen En$;|nMrsr Meetings with |
Meetings with U hnnonnoed
_. _ , _ Dstpohed until
Saturday, May 18. There will be no Engineering Lecture Meetings on Mw 4 or May 11. —KNAPP.
EfliarMu Oonncil: Due to a eoaillot with 4 coo-op bsnauet, the pienie planned for Uy 8th will be changed to May 7th- There
will be a 16c charge for food.
—MANGOS.
Playshop: Hours are posted on bulletin board in Fowler Hall. Please check Immediately. You may order your key any time before May 6. —BEISEL.
All seniors who have jobs in Detroit are requested to meet in room 828 Saturday morning. May 4 at 10:80. -i-¥!TH BAUGH.
Sophomores: No student Senate petitions have been taken from ]^me Jlc. Science, M. E., Chem. aUd M^. hBcT PUMiacy schools. Petitions are available at Senate ofBce after four o’clock until Friday, May 8rd. —WALLEY.
Radio Club: Important meeting Tuesday, May 7, 7:30 p. m. room 264 EE Building. Election of ofiicera. All members please be present. —PITCHER.
Freshmen: Student Suoute petitions are available at Senate o&ce Ufter 4 p. m. until Friday, May 8rd. One HdmoEc, one Science, one Ag, one Pharmacy and Physical Ed combined, and four from ail freshman engineers will be elected to sophomore positions. —WALLEY.
Outing Club: All ];ieopIe who wish to to tke Pine6 Sunday May 8, please « Marge 41111 or Ted Parker
fore Friday night. May 8.
—PARKER.
go
c^l be-
FEW Telegraphic Bowling Tpam: All coeds interested in bowling in the national telegraphic meet, either experienced or inexperienced bowlers, please get in touch with Ruth Walker immediately. The meet will be Wednesday, May 8, at 7:80. —CASE
Cosmopolitan C3inb: Regular meeting at 4:30 p. m., Friday, May 8. Bob Parks of the puttering room will lead a discussion on hobbies. —SHICKEL.
ASME: Members who have yet to receive their membership cards and pins, please call for them at Prof. Cope’s ofilce, ME 112, Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday, preferably between 9 and 10 a. m. —KING.
Purdue Motorcycle Club; We are going to the races at Jungle Park on Sunday, May 6. We will leave Badge’s, between 9th and 10th on Main at 12 noon. Distance 60 miles —EDES.
Silver Mask: Presence of all members will be greatly appreciated for the pnriiose of judging the fencing tournament. —PARK.
Exponent Freshmen Editorial Workers: The following men are scheduled as assistant night editors the next week! Zinski, April 80; Kolb, May 1st; Adame, Vtty 2nd; Amos, May 8rd: and Stoecjcel, May 4th. It is important that you report on these days. —Fred.
Gala Day Guard: In case review is held in the Field House, arrangements will be identical with those of last Monday. —BOYLE
Wesley Foundatron: There will be a Tin Can Hike Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock. Boys bring dates to do your cooking Sign up at the Foundation now; 16 cents per person AJl who furnish cars get food free. We will be back in town at 7 p. m —WAGNER
Archery Fans: Mrs. Layer, national women’s champion in archery and holder of highest scores for women, will be at Women’s Gym Monday afternoon to help anyone interest^ in shooting. This is important for girls entering the national telegraphic archery tournament —CASE
POMM: All new members get your fourrageres from the supply before federal inspection on May 9 —HOTLER.
Science Seniors: Attendance at baccalaureate Sunday, May 6, is required for graduation. Assembly of science group must be completed on ground floor of Music Hall by 1 40 p. m., Sunday. Science school procession moves out first. Each senior has aefinite place in line, and is urged to acquaint himself with procession details by calling at the Dean’s office in Coulter Hall before Saturday noon. May 4. —ENDERS.
MUijtary: Corps Day formation for May 2d is cancelled. The entire Corps of four regiments (less motor battalion) will assemble in the Ajrmory at 3:40 p. m. May 3rd. The 2d Batiplion, 4th P.F.A. (less Battery S) is designated as Oie motor battalion, and will assemble at 3:40 p. m. in the space north of the Armory. 'The Corps will march to intramural Field and form for a Gala Day Review at 4:00 p. m In case of inclement weathqr, the 1st and 2d Regiments only ■tvill form at 3:40 p. m. in the Fieldhouse. —PICKERING.
EAU DB COLOGNE 'JE REVIENS* 90* WORTH
WIT« OUR GOMPUMENTS ONE-HALF OUNCE BOTTLE OP WOHTHl Je Reviens Eau da Cologne DIRECT FROM PARIS with every dram or more of Worth’s Je R^viens Perfume at ^l.SO per dram.
ti? Mtl/ims The faDiiliar Telephone Directury is No. 1 Referencp Book—consulted millions of tiDaes a day by men, women and children in walk of life. Besides being "America’s Calling List,” it is also one of the most helpful buying gtfides. In the classified "Where to Buy It” section {yellow pages) you wiH find the names, addresses, and telephone numbers of dealers \^ljO ^e^l whijt yoyi .want-many of them listed under the trade marks of scores of nationally advertised brands. This idea is one of many ^lioneered by the Bell System to increase the value of your telephone service.^ 7 ^ '^5 ^ -f^s^M^v^ ^y fe- ^i, V/ I 4^-y « V ^
^HH
Friday, May 3, 1940
PURSUE EXPONENT
Holderman, Rankin Among $Urs Who Will Compete Against Iowa
Duftl meet competition will be resumed tomorrow after their successful showing in the Drake Relays by the Boilermaker cinder squad when the Chicago trackmen invade Ross-A^e Stadium for a meet starting at 10:30, just a half an hour after the RiveterBuckeye diamond contest gets under way. This will be the first outdoor track meet scheduled on the home paths this spring. Strong In Pole Vaule Strength is particularly noticeable in the Maroon entries for the pole vault. Davidson, who last eyar placed third in the conference meet, will match up with Riveter Art Edwards, a thirteen foot leaper, to give the Gala fans a thrilling treat. The Maroons consistently develop high class pole vaulters with one of their finest examples being Art Cassels, who won the Big Ten pole
vault event last year, sailing over the bar when it was 14 feet, 2 inches above earth. Ed Holderman, junior miler and half-miler, will stride against Powell, Maroon 880 star, and Abrahamson, one of the steadiest jhilers in the conference. Already this season, Holderman has sped the mile distance faster than any time in his career with a 4:13.2 performance in the Michigan AAU indoor track meet. Last season Ed ranked seventh among the nation’s milers. Rankin In Five Football captain-elect Dave Rankin will attempt to resume his mul-ti-event domination tomorrow when he competes in the century dash, 120 yard high hurdles, 220 yard low hurdles, shot put, and discus. A trio of Maroons will have arrangements of their own to outdo Rankin’s efforts in the hurdles. The threesome are Wilner, Ray, and Plumely, all of whom run both hurdles. Ray and Plumely also are entered in high jump and broad jump.
Opening Announcement Michael Sales Go. 731 Main Street Lafayette, Indiana Full line of Electric and Gas Home Appliances; most complete in central Indiana. Featuring Norge, Kelvinator and Gibson Electric Refrigerators, Norge, Kelvinator and A. B. C. Washers and Ironers. Electric and Gas ranges. Sold with small down payment. Balance easy terms. Michael Sales Co. 731 Main Street Phone 7024
A Good Housewife Knows Her Bread Yes, a good housewife DOES know her bread — and it almost invariably turns out to be GRAVES’ QUALITY BREAD. Call your nearest grocer or come in to get your next order of bread.
Graves’ quauty Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. **Caiering to Fraternitiea and SororMety*
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR LITTLE
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREENS DRUG STORES
Don Forbes, ME ’42, became 1940 billiards champion of the University as the annual championship tournament closed Tuesday night, with final matches finished in the following order: second, Perkins; third, Paznokas; fourth, Smalley; tied for fifth, Breese and Golonka. The high run of the tourney was eight, made by Breese. On Tuesday, May 7, an exhibition match will be played between two almnni, Morris H. Ingleman, ’39 and Leon Dailey, ’38. This match will be novel in that the game played will be “38,” a combination of pocket and straight rail billiards. Ingleman and Dailey will play for the best two games out of three, the match starting at 7 p.m. The referee will be E. H. Stinebaugh. Immediately following the exhibition the first game of a new tournament will be played, the two players being chosen by lot. The new tourney will be played in “38,” and entries are now open to all students except former prize winners. 1593 Tickets . . . for commencement exercises were applied for by 403 seniors, it was learned from the Gala Week committee Tuesday evening after the deadline for applications has passed. The committee is faced with the problem of distributing approximately 860 extra tickets to these applicants. Seniors may get their extra tickets from the alumni office in the Union sometime during the third week in May or later, upon
Wildcats Tomorrow Upholding their share of the gala week festivities, the teimis squad will meet a brace of foes in the Fieldhouse today and tomorrow. The first foe AAdll be the Michigan State Spartans this afternoon at three, and tomorrow at one, LaBree’s netters face the mighty Wildcats of Northwestern, who recently stopped the Chicago Maroons for their first defeat in three years of Big 10 competition. Receiving no cooperation from ole Jupe Pluvius, the Riveter sextet has been uable to practice much lately indoors or out because the football and baseball teams use the indoor pavalion. Jim Hebbeler, Boilermaker No. 2 man, may not see action due to an injured knee. The squad will line up with Captain Fred Fuente, Bob Anderson, Fred Lucht, and Bill Berg. In the event of indoor military review this afternoon, today’s match with Michigan State will be cancelled. Tau Kappa Epsilon . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of the following; Jack Wall, Advance, Walter Vail, Michigan City, Tom Hoover, Elkhart, Don Groves, Jamestown, Jim Barnity, Indianapolis.
presentation of a receipt showing payment of the five dollar diploma fee.
POPCORN SOFT DRINKS ICE CREAM
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts GULLION’S In the Village
My Friend, Joe Holmes, is now a horse
J
OE always said when he died he’d like to
become a ho^'se. One day Joe died.
Parly tjiis February I saw a horse that loplfed like loe drawing a milk wagon. I sneaked up to
him and whi^pet*isd> you. Joe P”
He said, “Yes, and am I happy!” I said, “Why?” He said, “I am now wearing a ppmfortable collar for the first time in my life. My shirt collars always used to shrink and irk me. In fact, one choked me to death. That is why I died!” “Why didn’t you tell me about your shirts sooner?” I exclaimed. “I would hqye told you about Arrow shirts. They never shrink out of
fit! Not even the oxfords.”
>3
“Swell,” said Joe. “My boss needs a shirt like that. I’ll tell him about die button-down Gordon oxford. Maybe he’ll give me an extra quart of oats. And, gosh, do I love oats I”
ARROfV SHIRTS Sanforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage leas (Jian 1 permanent /it guaronteedli
'P'Men'sOuh Holds Banquet Today In Union At 6:30 P M “P” Men’s club will hold its annual banquet in the south ballro<fm of the Union tonight at 6:30. Herbert S. “Irish” O’Brien, captain and star fullback on Purdue’s 1914 football team, will be the featured speaker at the dinner. “P” blankets will be presented to senior lettermen by Professor G. A. Young, head of the international “P” Men’s organization, and Coach Ward “Piggy” Lambert will award gold basketballs to members of the Big Ten basketball championship squad. “Irish” O’Brien, while at the University, won major letters in football in 1912, 1913, and 1914, and participated in various other campus activities. He served as president of the class of 1915 and was
a member of Iron Key.
Dick Stapleton, president of S. A. A., will act as toastmaster at the banquet. Campus lettermen and alumni lettermen will attend. Boilermaker Athletes Face Iowa, HU, Ohio State, Here This week-end promises to be a grueling one for Boilermaker athletes, with dangerous opponents invading the campus to face Riveter trackmen, baseballers, racqueteers and golfers. The complete week-end
schedule follows:
Track
May 4—Chicago and Iowa here (10:30 a.m.) Baseball May 3—Ohio State here (4 p.m.) May 4—Ohio State here (10:00
a.m.)
Tennis May 3—Michigan State here (3:00
p.m.)
May 4—Northwestern here (1:00
p.m.) Golf
May 3—Illinois here (8:00 a.m.)
Silver Mask
Silver Mask announces the election of the following officers: Ernest Wegener, Oak Park, 111., president; Don Marden, Detroit, Mich., vice-president; and William Pitcher, Dayton, Ohio, secretary-treasur-er.
Golfers Fate Iliini At8:00 AM Today Opening the sports filled Gala Week week-end. Coach Harry AIlspaw’s club swingers will get out on the links at eight this morning to face the strong Iliini squad. As yet the local golf combination has not tasted victory, but according to Allspaw, today’s encounter should be a hard fought one. Showing their strength last week, the boys from Champaign beat the same Irish team which so severely trounced the Riveter linksmen. Monday Allspaw’s men were humbled in a phenomenal shooting match with the powerful Michigan team, losing by a score of 12 1-2 to 9 1-2. Almost constantly hindered by poor weather conditions. Boilermaker golfers are becoming accustomed to rain, wind, and snow. The Detroit meet was completely called off due to a snow storm, while the Ann Arbor foursome was faced on a rainy, wind-swept course. Doubles matches are scheduled to start at eight this morning on the West Lafayette Country Club course, while singles play will begin at around noon. Ace golfer and captain of this year’s team, Bob Hoffer will lead a squad consisting of Dahl, CuiTan, Welding, Skidder, and McKenzie against the Hlini invaders today.
Quantity Discount SALE of SHIRTS DonH miss this opportunity to pick up these spring patterned shirts. All are nationally advertised lines. Priced at $1,3^5, $1.65^ $2.00 and $2.50 ! Quantity of 3 or more 10% Discount
Riveters Versus Ohio State Here Today Forbes Wins Annual Boilermaker Nelters Bailey To Face Buckeyes
Billiard Tournament Play Spartans Today;
Providing that the dark clouds clear away in time, Ohio State’s diamond squad will run onto Ross-Ade Field this ffternoon at 4 o’clock to face the Riveter nine. The attack of both teams has been so dulled by the lack of competition during the last several weeks, that it is difficult to figure out who is the
underdog.
II II Breaking even with the Ilhm in
their only two conference starts thus far this season, the Buckeyes have had their share of weather beating and have had two games with both Indiana and Minnesota called off because of downpours. In the Illinois doubleheader, the Bucks came through with a 4-1 win m the initial contest, but were trampled
16-7 in the final encounter. Last year the Buckeyes boasted
of three batsmen which hit at a clip over .333. However, those leading hitters graduated last June, leaving the squad without any veteran of-
fensive material.
Coach Fehring has selected Bob Bailey, junior right-hander, for mound duty against the Buckeyes in the first game. Without the availability of Don Blanken, sophomore twirler, Fehring will depend on Emmert, Navta, or Mitchell for relief duty. In tomorrow’s tussle Higgins will work in the box, seeking his
fourth victory.
Batting and pitching averages for the Boilermakers, including the Notre Dame game, are as follows:■
Hi
i;If; p '; -
PUBD0E EXPONENT
Friday, May 3, 1948
But
By Vladimir Among the other trivia in our little square folder we found a trial column by that eminent writer Ivan Offalitcli, guest columnist supreme. Just to show you w'hy it never appeared we quote: “Take the prince of Denmark ... I worry about him often because he is such a sad case. No matter how hard he tries, he is faced with the necessity of leading a dog’s life ... if he becomes King of Denmark, he is by all rights a great dane.” Ivan claims he found THAT on his desk. Another item in our file was an incident in Michael Golden’s rule over the Castle. We got it from an EE 17 class sometime last year. The story ran something like this: It seems a certain student wasn’t doing so well in a foundry course. The instructor was trying to correct him and one thing led to another. Finally the situation came to a biting end when the student lost all control and called the instructor a “damn fool.” The student knew Mike had a fiery temper so he thought he had better break it to the old Irishman before the instructor got around to it. So he called Golden on the telephone and told him what had taken plaee, and what he had called the instructor. “What did he hit you with?” asked Mike. “Why, nothing,” answered the student. “You mean he took it and did nothing about it?” “Yes.”
Purdue Exponent
R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith Business Managrer D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, managinK editor; E. M. Antonini, senior advertising manager; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; E. Jenkins, sports editor. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Entered as second class motter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized Januory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $3.50. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned editorials are written by the editorial dircotor. - • ' ' . Night Editor, Sidwell Ass’t Night Editor, Adams Day Editor, Seiss May 2, 1940
IN SELF PROMOTION—^One’s greatest asset is Personality I A big factor in this is personal appearance! STAND-OUT via. AMERICAN’S DEPENDABLE and REGULAR Dry-Cleaning.
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
“Well then he is a damn fool,” blared Mike as he slammed down the receiver, ending the incident. t- * Our year-old notes seem to get a little whimsical at this point. We quote them. “We are trying darn hard to forget that notice on the Library bulletin board inviting “Anyone desiring to live in a girls’ co-op house next fall, call 2143.” “It’s hard for us to decide whether we should ^all 2143, or whether it is just a passing fancy. We’ve never lived with a bunch of girls.” Well, here it is a year later and we still haven’t lived with a bunch of girls. iff ♦ But it sounds interesting.
Gala Week ActiYity (Continued from page 1)
Saturday morning there will be alumni receptions in the main buildings of ehch school and open house at the speech clinic. The second game of the Ohio State double-head-er will be played at 10 a.m. while a" track meet with Chicago is scheduled for 11 o’clock. For the women there will be alumnae physical education conference in the memorial gymnasium. Coulter Talks Following the Gala Week luncheon at which Dean Emeritus Stanley Coulter of Indianapolis will be the Guest' of honor, the Purdue Alumni Association will hold its annual business meeting. The traditional class parade and 71 gun salute are scheduled to follow the meeting. A wreath will be - placed on John Purdue’s grave and the 1940 class flag will be raised. The parade -will end up at the stadium where the annual intra-squad football game will be played. Breakfasts Sunday morning will be studded with class breakfasts while President and Mrs. Elliott will hold open house at their home. The noon Gala Week dinner will be highlighted by the presentation of Loyalty Certificates to members of six classes a*nd golden anniversary certificates to members of the class of ’90 and silver anniversary certificates to the class of ’15. Fims Dr. Mildred McAfee, president of Wellesley College will give the bac-
picnic lunch and transportation. All who wish to attend should phone Marjorie Ward, 41111, or Ted Parker, 35264, for a reservation.
otci&L QhjancsL—
ORDER NOW $5.00
The last of the Debris are going fast—A dollar down now will assure you of a 1940 DEBRIS.
QompMiL (^amfoLSu Qoosihaj^
An all day picnic trip to the Pines will be sponsored by the Outing Club next Sunday, it was announced yesterday by Ted Parker, publicity chairman of the club. Final plans were completed at the regular meeting of the Outing Club held Tuesday evening. Elections were alSo held at the meeting with officers for the poming year announced as Fred Cordua, president, and Opal Blagrave, sec-retary-treasurer. The picnic trip is open to anyone wishing to attend. The party will leave the Union at 8 o’clock Sunday morning and return about 6 p.m. There will be a small fee per person to cover the expense of the
calaureate address to be held in the new Hall of Music Sunday afternoon. Festivities will close with a concert by the Purdue Band and an exhibition at the airport by Mike Murphy, famous stunt flyer.
NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
IS your Best Friend
—and the best IS none too good for her. Remember her on Mother’s Day with a beautiful Hallmark card. We haVe a complete display o f c a r d s f o r Mother’s Day. Come in and see them.
DE CUR’S 518-20 Main St. Phone 5036
College Woineo Prefer ...TheBarbizon College women accustomed to the refinements of living prefer living in The Barbizon Manner . . . and understandably so, for at The Barbizon they can continue the cultural interests, the physical activities they most enjoy. No other hotel offers so much. For relaxation . . . daily recitals and lectures . . . music and art studios ... a fine library. For recreation . . , swimming pool . . , gymnasium . . . squash courts . . . sun deck ... terraces. Whep you.add to these, convenience to schools, important business centers, art galleries, museums and theatres, you understand why college women prefer living at The Barbizon. • 700 rooms, each with a radio Tariff: from $2.50 per day from $12 per week • Write lor descriptive booklet "C"
Dedication Ceremony Tonight and Tomorrow Night, 7:30 P. M. With Music by Purdue Military Band, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club CONCERT Metropolitan Artists Helen Jepson Nino Martini Soprano Tenor Concert Begins at 8:30 TICKETS Reserved seat tickets are priced at $1.00 each. Tickets may be secured at the ticket office ill the Men’s Gymnasium or by mail by addressing C. S. Doan, Manager of ticket Sales, Pnrdue University. A few more tickets are still available for both nights. Tickets, if available on the i^hts of the concerts, will be on sale at the Cashier’s Office in the Executive Building. PASSPORTS must be presented with student tickets. Holders of convocation tickets on the main floor for Friday night must present their convocation tickets for admission. TRAFFIC Motor traffic wiU enter the campus by the main gate on Northwestern Avenue and proceed around the Executive Building discharging passengers at the main entrance to the Music Hall on the ground floor and parking as directed. Buses will discharge passengers in front of the Executive Building and those patrons enter the Music Hall through the Executive Building. It is recommended that patrons living near the Music Hall leave their cars at home. PATRONS ARE REQUESTED TO BE IN THEIR SEATS BY 7:30 P M.