-li-
'/• ‘ /
^ ■<[ ?• a 1 ^ rr- i t ii ^Ari 4
#
High
Eichhorn
School Debaters: Here For 11th Annual Conference
Van Orman, Former Lieutenant Governor, To Speak At Banquet
Knapp
Moses
Van Orman
Four speakers on Debate Conference Program.
Nearly 1,000 Indiana high school debaters will meet here today and tomorrow for their eleventh annual conference, which will include an intercollegiate debate, a banquet to be addressed by P, Harold Van Orman* former Lieutenant Governor, an open forum, a model legislature, and a dramatized debate. Purdue and Michigan will debate the season’s question, “Should the Power of the Federal Government Be Increased?”, this afternoon, fol-lowed-by the banquet to be presided over by Professor A. H. Monroe, president of the National Association of Speech Teachers. The speaker of the evening will be F. Harold Van Orman, Lieutenant Governor of Indir* ana from 1924 to 1928, national hotel operator, and active member and officer of numerous national organizations. Open Forum The Federal Power question will be discussed in the open forum Saturday morning by Donald R. Richberg, former counsel for the NRA; Gov-ernor-elect Henry I. Schrieker; state superintendent of public instruction Floyd McMurray; James M. Knapp, state representatjye and spq4|er of the house; and Fred H. Eichhorn, former state senator. Eichhorn will preside over the Senate session of the model legislature tomorrow morning, and Knapp will act as chairman in the House of Representatives. The general assembly will be addressed by Professor Buehler.
Tonight our Big Ten hardwood champs take the floor for the first game of the season. Last night the^^Exponent co-eds put out today's paper.
xponent M £)af/y Sfrtc4s
Volume 52, No. 75
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, December 6, 1940
— From All Fronts — Today's Summary Of War News
Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Turkey has signed a new trade agieement with Great Britain, it was announced in London and in Ankara Wednesday night. Previously Turkey has conducted more than half of her tiade with Germany. Her best customer and her best source of supplies now becomes Britain. ♦ ♦ * The signing of a trade agreement with Turkey, cables Helen Kirkpatiick from London, “might be taken as the first step on the road to the organization of the world democracies’ resources.” Sir Frederick Phillips arrived in Washington yesterday to put before Secretary Morgenthau the financial situation of Great Britain. * l|! * “The German drive for increased tiade to the southeast has been implemented by a finance plan for Rumania in which Germany will provide credits for both public and private developments,” radios David M Nichol from Berlin. * * ♦ Greek troops yesterday were pictured by Athens as pushing into Premedi, reaching the outskirts of Porto Edda and progressing to within five miles of Argdrocastro. The three towns are on a 36-mile line running northeast from the coast. The Greeks were said to be taking prisoners. * * * Leland Stowe, after visiting all of the Greek war fronts, writes that “The Finnish soldiers were much more impressive to look at, but these tough, wiry little Greeks possess the same kind of astonishing fortitude, endurance and will to win. I never expected to see another army which could be favorably compared, man to man, in these respects to Finland’s warriors, but I have found one, here in Greece.” X: >li * Russia has notified Japan that her policy in China “remains without change,” it is announced in Moscow. This means that despite Tokyo’s new pact with the puppet Wang Chipg-wei, Stalin will continue to support Chiang Kai-shek. It is reported in Shanghai that Rus(Continued on page 2) PI A Tea Dance . . . will be lield Saturday afternoon from 3:30 till 6:30 in the south ballroom of the Union. The all-re-quest program of dance tunes will be furnished by recordings. Mem- \ bers will be admitted by showing membership cards; non-members are required to pay ten cents. Girls are etqiecially invited to attend free of charge. l]i.b.d.
SDX Brawl Goers Will Face Trials “Hear ye, hear ye, the night courtof bowery number 1 now in session. Judge Rassle presiding. First witness of the evening will be that grisly bearded man over there,a, accused of running an obnoxious saloon on the corner of 63rd and Gat avenue. Witness will please take the stand in the Union South balh’oom, this 13th'day of December, 1940.” So, Friday, the 13th, Sigma Delta Chi members, together with the help of Nat Towles and his music “fit for any swanky bowery joint” plan a super colossal evening of fun for all you Riveter Rassle goers. It may be your last chance to pay to get into a night court, fellows, so get your ticket while still available, for the price of 199% cents. All of you who would come .to please the judge at the bowery night court of the 1890’s will dress for the affair in costumes typical of boweries at the turn of the century. For instance, there are those wicked murderers and their gun mdlls. Course, those ladies with skirts a bit too short or those men with legs and anatomies a bit too exposed will receive a severe rebuke at the hands of Judge Rassle. The Judge won’t like it! The Bowery ain^’t such a cheap joint—^we’ll expect to see the high society dame of the place, decked out in all her feathers with a swanky man in tow. How about Jack the Ripper, famous axe man of the day? Girls, a wonderful opportunity to see how Diamond Lil must have looked. Good companion for Lil would be Diamond Jim Brady. To police the halls,»you might be your favorite copper of that day. Also most appropriate at the ^ night court will be senior cords, legitimately soiled. Mary Kay anticipates a tough job in the judging/of this masculine apparel. And don’t forget to cultivate those stubbles for this bearded affair. See you at court! ^ PI A Dance Class . , . . boys will be admitted free to the dance scheduled for Saturdays^ December 14, in room 363 of the Union. Girls will also be admitted free to the class and are urged to come. Mrs. Duncan of the Duncan Dancing Academy is teaching the class. She and Harold Meng, a member of the class who has taken lessons at the Stockhom School Of Dancing at Indianapolis, and Miss Helejn Frosch, an assistant to Mrs. Duncan, will feature a new rhumba step. In the eight lessons which have preceded, the boys have learned waltzes, hesitation, fox trot, and rhumba steps. a.r.w.
Playshop Preview Given For Debaters A special performance of Playshop’s second production of the year, “What A Life,” will be given for those attending the High School Debate Conference, on campus this Friday and Saturday. Last year the conference-goers saw Maxwell Anderson’s “Winterset.” They have proved an enthusiastic audience in the past. These parts, difficult ones for college students to portray, are clever burlesques of high school undergraduates. The play deals with their “growing pains” and discovery of independence. Some love interest is found in the principal’s office, while a romance is budding in the corridors. One school boy in particular, Henry Aldrich, has everything heaped on his head, although he tiies to follow his father’s footsteps in being an ideal student. His mother never lets him forget that his father was a Phi Beta Kappa. The whole school becomes entangled in his life, but finally straightens out. Most of the leserved seat tickets have been taken, director of Playshop, John Dietrich, announces, but a few* are still available. The regular performances of “What A Life” will start Wednesday, December 11, and will continue through Saturday, the 14th. The first two nights, the curtain will go up at 7:30 and at 8 o’clock for the otber two. m.j.f. University Graduate, Kroeger, Receives GMC Vice-Presidency Frederick C. Kroeger, EE ’ll, general manager of the Allison engineering division of the General Motors Corporation in Indianap^olis, has been made a vice-president of the corporation, it was announced yesterday by Alfred P. Sloan, GMC cl^airman in New York City. After serving 11 years as manager of the Delco-Remy division in Anderson, Kroeger was transferred to Indianapolis and the Allison division last August. Delco-Remy is an accessory plant while Allison makes airplane en^es for General Motors. Kroeger is a member of the faculty advisory committee of the Indiana University school of busiiless administration, director of the Indiana state chamber of commerce and of the Anderson Banking company. While a student in the UniversityTlKroeger was chosen a member of Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary, in his junior year, and was ,a member of AIEE for two year% and ojf the Athletic Association for four years. f4.j.
univefsHyGiadinte Riveters Face St Joseph Pilot of United Airliner ^ Killed In Plane Crash Five Tonight In Opener University graduate George S. PROBABLE LINEUPS Young, First officer of the giant 21- PURDUE POSITION ST. JOSEPH passenger mainliner which crashed Jgnev (C) F Gutgsell near the Chicago Municipal airport „ , i" ’ tt j* Wednesday, wi ana of tho eight Sprowl F H^man persons killed. Young graduated in Wober C Mosser 1934 in mechanical engineering and Blanken . . ... ' .. G N. Bowman was in the naval air service for four CareSS G Pfcffer years before becoming a pilot for the United Airlines on February 1, Tonight at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse the Boilermaker hardwood this year. Young is the son of Mr. contingent will make their first appearance of the year against and Mrs. George A. Young, who live ^ strong St. Joseph College quintet. The Pumas will furnish the twelve miles north of Port Wayne, defending Western Con. Eight people were injured when » , . , . . i the plane apparently lost flying fsrence championship team, speed when coming in for a landing ' " . i ■ Potent Pumas and dropped from a height of about ^ » Competition tonight^ will\ be of150 feet. /Cafe Smith qnmtet that Damaging several buildings as it fbis season has had a very fell, the plane burst into flames. . . . will announce the All-Colleg- impressive record. Liast year the City firemen extinguished the late awards tonight during her ra- St. Joe team rated an invitation to flames which seemed to be confined dio hour. Jim Qrowley will be pres- the National Intercollegiate Tourto the pilots’ compartment, and the ent to announce the thirty-three nament at Kansas City and this bodies were dragged from the players selected for Longine watch yoar has come out on the long end wreckage. awards, m.1.1. of the score in the two games in . which it has tried its strength. I Taking up this year where it left • mgi A f ■ ii f f Pumas defeated Hunb^wtrT mXnO Won CoEege last week by the ^Iflf ffO ■ Wf overwhelming score ol 74-34. On . • Tuesday night the St. Joe quintet continued its victory march by deff lit \yOIJ%JI 11^ r lay Illy feating Illinois Wesleyan, 44-88. ... in his own original style that captured the hearts of college students and music lovers from coast to coast, will furnish the music for the tomght starting at 7:30. The preUnion Formal in both ballrooms tonight at nine o clock. Will started out gram {s sponsored by the Gimlet with about six, soft, sweet musicians in his band and wound up as the Club. Although the Wesleyan game was close m the first half, this sectiqn of the game ending with a scoto 22-20 in favor of Ibe Illinois tmim* Coach Joen DienharPs boys turned on the heat during the second half and before the finishing gun was heard practically' all of the St. Joe men had seen action. Three Veterans Gone boilermaker net men should find that the St. Joe men will keep them plenty busy tonight as they try to eke out their first victory of the
year.
Lead by Neal “Moose” Mosser, St. Joe’s star center who last year made a new state collegiate record by ringing up a total of 309 points all on his own account, the St. Joe quintet will be a hard team to beat. However, “Piggy” Lambert, Riveter basketball mentor is hoping for a strong start in this season to- ’
night.
Eleven Out Of Twenty During the past 20 years Coadt Lambert has turned out U dmmpionship quintets and this year is attempting to develop a fast <»m.bination which will make up for any lack of shm in the Riveter lineup^ Finishing off a basketball-fOled week-end the net squad will face their second opp4ment of the year tomorrow night when Western Illinois State Teachers will he gueeta <4 ^ Boilenuakenk 4w4nx
toast of the nation for his pioneering in jazz and swing. Now his band has that smooth distinctive quality which makes you want to dance. Featured along with the band will be Dick “Stinky” Rogers as a singer and
a comedian.
A silhouette of the Union Tower will furnish ^e backdrop. Tickets have been on sale all week in front of the Sweet Shop and wUl be on sale at the door tonight for the regular price, $1.69. The programs are blue leather with a raised top hat and crested in gold.'
fiaptl-SdiiA
Friday, December 6, 1940
ipjujiduiL £xfwniinL
)»»
Kii
HiiA Colnmn
We’ve found something human about the dictators after all. Yesterday Franco had a birthday just like the rest of us. Attachees say he spent the day quietly in Madrid. . . Now if that had been Hitler he would have throym a party—At British Expense— Only he would have called it a “Dutch” treat! ♦ ♦ * Back in Washington, D. C. someone’s raising quite a row over DuPont’s nitrate monopoly. We can’t understand the differentiation between the elements; they’ve been hording gold for years. * * 1|! And speaking of elements, out in Washington they claim to have found a new one, element 96. It may be an advance in science, but to us . . . It’s just a new one to learn on the periodic chart! * * * Oh, yes, back to the Tacoma Bridge again, there seems to be a new reverberation from there. The insurance policy covering the bridge wasn’t worth the paper it was written on. Anyhow, that removes the last doubt. The bridge was a complete failure! ^ A And there was another factory blown up the other day, which just goes to prove . . .
The Purdue Exponent Entered secotid class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October S, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief ^— ..... B. W. Donahue Business Manatrer Merle Haganieyer Publication Staff News Editor J. H. McKee Managing Editor D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. I,. Traugott. Business Staff local Advertising Managers: D. S.> Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. ShadCord; Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff ' Editor. — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. Sports Staff' Editor J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson,‘P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports' 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Skallerup Day Editor: Miller Sports Editor; Rose Proof: Siess Staff: M. K. Boynton, J. Ramsdell, J. Horr, M. Nitche, L. Slone, L. Brewer, H. Davis, A. Worsley, A. Wickard, B. Lahr, V. Barson, P. Howard, M. L. Losey, A. Chatfleld.
Hitler’s boys are back on the job after a short vacation. p.a.h.
JalL Welcome, Debaters To the several hundred high school students who are arriving on the campus this morning to participate in the eleventh annual Indiana High School Debaters Conference, we, on behalf of the student body extend a sincere welcome. In addition to the program of the previous years, the first annual Indiana student legislative assembly, whose purpose is making future citizens good ones, is being featured as a part of the conference. Representatives to this legislature were elected on a state-wide*ballot held in all high schools and represent the best and clearest thinking members of their respective high schools. They are our future leaders in colleges, universities, and communities. The two day program is very full and offers opportunities for them to hear or participate in legislative sessions, debating, and dramatic production. The campus is being turned over to you today and tomorrow, debaters. Look around, enjoy yourselves, and come back again, e.a.s.
^baJumce
Mudball, stout little fellow that he is sometimes in July, scoops the field on important news like which month will contain Thanksgiving. Well, today he beats quite a few logy columnists to the punch with an article on the new year: hey there clarence leap year is almost over and that means quite a few people better act quickly by the way did you know that half of the people that were married during 1940 were women We interrupted Mudball at this point to throw him the tail assembly of a rather rancid zebra that had been in a drawer here fpr some time. Evidently one of the blue demons that scamper in and out while I work left it-here. Note to the blue demons: we don’t mind your pattering in and out, but after this take your dead zebras with you. Back to Mudball: but the thing that ' makes me glad that 1940 4s over is that gone with the wind will be showing at popular prices throughout the nation in 1941 —mudball
Prexy Says . . . In order to promote the safety of both those who walk and those who ride bicycles, it has become necessary to announce that riding of bicycles on campus sidewalks is probUnted and that all the usual traffic regulations must be observed by btcycle riders. l^PWAUD C. ELLIOTT.
University Professors Hear Address By Keiiy Professor E. L. Kelly, of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology, gave the main address at the meeting of the American Association of University Professors at the Home Economics building,
Tuesday evening.
Professor Kelly spoke on “The Problem of Mental Health Among College Students.” He urged that more sympathetic attention be given to afflicted students before their
cases become critical.
In the course of his speech he
pointed out various conditions Theta Xi
which bring about serious maladjustments in certain types of stu-
dents. h.b.d.
London is guessing about the possibility of a German move to rescue Italy, following the receipt of news that the commander of the Reich’s crack mountain troops has arrived in northern Italy and “that four Nazi mountain divisions have been withdrawn from Norway for ser-
vice elsewhere.
* * *
The largest number of Japanese transports ever seen in the region is reported to be assembled off the Sduth China coast, 1,009 miles from Singapore and 1,500 miles from the Dutch East Indies. The ships are declared to be sufficient to carry a formidable expeditionary force.
PhiKappsbTau . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of Morgan C. Plummer, Memphis, Tennessee.
. . . social fraternity announces the pledging of Robert Schaaf, sophomore Chemical Engineer, Ft.
Wayne.
ufmenc —TODAY - SATvURDAY—
ARC
tODAY Thru SATURDAY
PLUS •
EOY ROGERS-
•AUO-
— ADDED — FIRST RUN NEWS
Today’s War News (Continued from page 1) sia is even on the verge of making a loan to the Nationalist Chinese.
Britain’s Parliament rejected 341 to 4 a motion that Britain seek peace immediately. The three members who made the motion, all Scotsmen from Glasgow, are members of the Independent Labor party.
I Dr. Antonio Salazar, premier of Portugal, yesterday was reported from Vichy to be sounding out warring nations on the possibility of mediation by the Pope and President Roosevelt. Paul Ghali disclosed Wednesday that other peace feelers were being put out by a friend of former Ambassador Kennedy.
‘The Ratio^ 3.93 .. io 1
The fight is on! Once more we’re reminding you that there is a little' black box upstairs at the West Desk that is just crying for contribs! Speaking of lights, this certainly must be grounds for a big one. Jean Ann McClintock is on one political party ticket, while her pin man is an active -vyorker for the "opposing party. Let’s sit back and see which one is the best campaigner. Does Pat Lackamp hear wedding bells in Cleveland next semester? Maybe that’s why she isn’t coming back here. At that, it’s probably the best reason a girl could have. Bill Spengler must have a lot of courage. He put his car out on Shirley Canning, even though she’s dating six other Sigma Chis. Is it just optimism. Bill? Of all the horsey stories, 'this can beat them all, Wilma Baer has a favorite horse and when it became ill the other night she was determined to stay up all night with the animal. She even wanted her pin man, George Baker, to lend moral support, but her Pi Phi sisters talked her out of both ideas. Pre-destined Debris editor. Bob Brown, is getting that sort of help from his fraternity brothers. In fact, one of them,BilI Lindsay has the same taste thatBob has in coeds. Feel like a bone at a dog-fight, Betty Ann? Malicious rumors have it that Brown is on the losing end all the way around. Phi Mu pledge, Snorksie Collins was really out of Iflck when she started dating Pi K A Hugh Pogue. One of the actives is also dating him so Snorksie gets 50 black marks for every date with said guy. Well, well, a pin. Janeth Dixon, Pi Phi, is now sporting the DU pin of none other than Ray Friend, Best wishes and congrats. The line forms on the right for, all patrons of the Union Grill. Bill Burroughs, commonly known as the “mad Russian” found a pearl in kn oyster the other day while eating^ in there. The pearl was no good, though, it’s goose was cooked. Guess you’ll eat your oysters raw now. It seems that the Union has to send out for the information needed in their offices. They told an inquirer to go to either the Sweet Shop or the Chocolate Shop! As good a place as any to get “dope.”
TODAY-SAT.~2 HITS
ALSO
— WITH— f GUY KIBBEE - LYNNE ROBERTS
^ NEW
TODAY - TOMORROW - LAST TWO DAYS —
RKQ RADIO Picture
HILIN
PARRISH
DENNIS O'KEEFE, ALMA KRUGER, KAY KYSER'S BAND, fsaturing GINN V SIMMS, Harry Bablt% lah l&bibbla. Sully Mason and “Th. CoIIobo of Musical Knowledsa." Produood and diractad by DAVID BUTIkj^. -COMINGPLUCKY PARTNERS" (finger Rogers - Ronald Colman
AlChEToShowHealFilm At Open Meeting Tuesday Open meeting of the Purdue Student Branch AIChE for the show- ' ing of the film “Heat and Its Control” will be held at 7:30 P. M, op Tuesday, December 10, in room 120 of the EE building. Showing the unusual aspects^ regarding heat and its ^control, this fifty-minute movie should be of interest to many on the campus. It would be, helpful if the AIChE office were informed regarding the atten- , dance of any special ^roup or class, so that Mr. Hall, who will present the movie, will know the number of booklets necessary to be provided, v.m.b.
61 will be kiyeti at 1 p. m. Saturday, De'cember 14, in room 206 of Civil Building. —PETTY. /
Newman Club: The monthly oommunion will take place Sunday, December 8. Breakfast will be served after 9:80 mass. All members are requested to appear since pictures for Debris will be taken. —BENNA,
Roger Williams Clnb: Basketball game with Purdud Christian Foundation Saturday. • DecShiber 7, at 2 p. m, on court 1. Aeromodelers: No meeting Friday, De-. cember 6. R.Q.6. contest Sunday afternoon, December 8, jq the Fieldhouse. Anyone interested _ in giving a 15 minute talk on model airplanes should get in touch with, Obarski. —OBARSKI.
Indiana Student Health Association: The tenth annual meeting will be held December 14 at Indiana university in the Union Building. Buncheon reservations may be made before the 10th by calling Ruth C. Irvin, phone 8001. , —IRVIN.
Purdue Christian Club: Basketball game with Roger Williams club Saturday, December 7, at 2 p. m. on court 1. —WHITE.
Notices
All Sophomores: Men who have not, received literature concerning the advanced military course should obtain it from Lt. Col. White, Lt. McMaken, or Lt. Johnson in the Instructors Room at the Armory. . —TORMEY.
Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Monday, December 9 or Wednesday, December 11.. Shooting Tuesday and Thursday as usuaL Each co-ed is to have 6 practices by Thursday, December 12, for intramuyal competition. ) ^ ^ ^ < —BLAGRAVE.
All Students: Xmas Penny Party to be held at Wesley Foundation, Friday, Decembef"6, at 9 p. m., nothing costing more than a few pennies. The benefits will he used towards Xmas baskets and gifts for the poor. —MOFPET.
PIA Men’s Chorus: Rehearsal schedule for next two weeks is as follows: Monday, December 2, 7:80 p. m. in room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 4, 7:30, room 307. Saturday, December 7, 2:00 p. m., in Union, Tower. Monday, December 9, 7 :S0 p. m., room 307, Union. Wednesday, December 11, 7:30 p. m. in room 807. Saturday, December 14, 2:00.p. m. in 307. It is extremely important that everybody attend. —SMULEVITZ.
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Saturday, December 7, by schools as follows: students whose names begin with A-E, Room 129, Electrical Biulding; F-K, Room 201, Civil Building; L-R, Room 101 Mich- ■ ael Golden ^hops, S-Z, Room 264,'Electri^l Building. * —KNAPP.
Kappa Delta Pi Fall Initiates: Fill in permanent record cards in Prof. McFarland’s office in Education building. —SIMPSON.
Purdue Outing Club: There will be an lee skating part Sunday, December 8, at Blackbird Pond. Party will leave west entrance of Union at 4 p. m. There ^ill be a lunch at the cabin later. Call Marjorie Ward or Ted Parker for reservations before Saturday noon. —PARKER.
Elementary Structures 22: Examination for the removal of C or I grades,^ will be given December 14 from 1-4 p. m. in the Civil Building, room 301. Please contact me at once. —SONESON.
GE 35: Examination for removal of C or I grades December 14. Make arrangements in room 109 Michael Golden Shops before Friday, December 18. , —OWEN.
I Union Women’s Bowling Tournament: Due to late entries, the tournament has been postponed until Tuesday, December 10. Girls wishing WAA points must bowl three games before that date. —STUCKEY.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE ~ Typewriters and. adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable tyi>ewriter3, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeogn:aph and multigrapb work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St Phone 2779.
WAA Fencing: All fencers out for practice Friday, December 6, and Tuesday, t)ecember 10. Tournament matches will begin Friday, December 13, at 4 p. lia. in Women’s gym. —McFarland.
For Sale: Used car in good running condition. Has heater, well treaded tires, and new battery. Privately owned. $67. Phone 76793.
CE 61: A condition test for the removal of “C” grades in Highway CdnstructionoUE
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
The musical of ouRwExcitlng times!!-
AUCB tv BBTTT /* fate"' GRABEE^-
JACK JOHN OAKIE PAYNE ALLEN JENKINS . ESTHER RALSTON NICHOLAS BROTHERS • BEN CARTER A 90lh Cealaty.FoK Pleniie
Start: TOMOBM
-LAST TIMES TODAY—
mmit
FOR THE LOVELIEST LADY YOU KNOW
'BOAID strect’ pa?fOMe BY YARDLEY
A sophisticated, delicately subtle perfume — the perfect expression of flattering Christmas tribute. Brilliantly, festively wrapped in four
convenient sizes at * • •
$2-50 . $4.5Q . $8-50 and $13 50 Tardley pioduoti lor America are erected in England and dntihed in the V.S.A. fNB the Original EngUlh Formulae, cotabinlng Imported end domeittc 'ingredlenti.
Toiletries
Street Floor
&
Ld
/ 1»
4
^ *1
tJ:lfijuju/m, j^tpomnL
Friday. December 6« 1940
fiiX0S 3 ~^pnhtA
Orantland Rice Names Dave Rankin All - American
Varsity Squash Team Meets Culver Squad
Varsity squash team will play a home match with the faculty team from Culver Military Academy at the ^ieldhouse courts tomorrow at 2:30. Bob Jordan, son of Deap Jordan of the pharmacy school and a former member of the Purdue Varsity squad team, will play with the Culver squad. Playing for the Phrdue varsity squad will be Jim Mann, D. M. MacMillan, 0. P. Smith, J. E. Eant, and N. M. Goldstein, a.c. All-Star Touchball Team Published By Intramural Board Today the Intramural all star board announced the^names of the men who have qualified for the 1940 lAtramural All Star touchball team. Candidates for the .Jionor squad were proposed by the athletic managers of the various teams. From this list of candidates the all star board has selected 9 linemen and six backfield men who were particularly outstanding throughout the season. - The all star board is made up of the following four men: Pete Timperman, Paul Zimmerrrfan, Bryan Brock, and H. G. Kalbfleisch. Below ai’e the names of the men occupying positions on the all star squad. Linemen: Ripd M. Bennet, Cary Hall 6; Charles F. Rietz, Cary^Hall 6; Robert R. Dickey, Cary Hall 9; Robert D. Hargesheimer, Phi Kappa Tau; Edward R. Boedecker, Phi Kappa Sigma; Robert P. Burrows, Kappa Sigma; Jesse M. Shaver, Sigma Chi; Almont E. Williams, Ward 6; Thomas F. Jelnick, Ward 9. Backs: 'James H. Stiggleman, Cary Hall 6; Douglas McDaniel, Phi Delta Theta; Byron L. Fisher, Phi Kappa Tau; William F. Tay-
j/ viKPo
Millions of BONSONS are now carried and used by well bred, well groomed men and women smokers. Modem Axirorica goes BONSON in a long way not only because it's smart to carry a BONSON lighter, but in any weather (even on sticky days when matches won't light) you can depend upon a BONSON.
$5J)0
97X0 97Xi Fx99 Initials WiH be engmed <m any i^ynson Hgbter selected go yoa may have « pegs sooal toueh lor Guubmas.
tiaoo VAB^ SHOP
Boilermaker Captain One Of Nation's Best Eleven Dave Rankin) senior Boilermaker gridder, reached the highest climax of his colorful intercollegiate career today by being named on the fifty-first Collier’s All-American football eleven, chosen by one of the nation’s leading sports writers, Grantland Rice, througli the co-operation of an All-American board representing all parts of the nation.
Fehring Cuts Frosh Cage Contingent To 25 Players 'Yesterday afternoon, Coach “Dutch” Fehring announced a new cut in y his freshman basketball team. The 25 men who survived the cut are as follows: Anderson, Brower, Burghart, Chester^ Dickman, Etting, Friend, Grove, Hites, Johnson, Laughner, Lawson, McGrath, Menke, Parrish, Shelby, Stoelting, Stuart, Swantz, Taylor, Wooden, Worrick, Wright and Zehring. r.w. d. IM Schedules The following teams will bowl next Tuesday night, December 10. Games will be forfeited if teams fail to report by 7 p. m. Wood Hall—team HI vs. North HaH—team II Phi Mu vs. Wards I, II, III Nor|;h Hall—team V vs. South Hall—team II •" ^ South Hall—team II vs. Collegiana Kappa Alpha Thteta vs. Delta Gamma Noith Hall—^team IV vs. North Hall—team III lor. Sigma Chi; Clayton H. Rechenbach, Ward 25; George J. Frey, Cary Hall 10.
Purvis Last All-American Rankin is the first Boilermaker to win nationwide All-American accld^m since 1933, when versatile Duane Purvis was named the most outstanding fullback in the country. The CoHier’s All-American team is one of the oldest and most respected elevens receiving recognition, having been started by the immortal Walter Camp in 1889. Rankin has also been named to two other outstanding All-Ameri-can elevens—Bill Stern’s selection in Life and the selection of the United Press. On the latter team the Riveted wingman received the third largest amount of votes of any lineman, being eclipsed only by Drahos of Cornell and Suffridge of Tennessee. Adding to the honor of the selections is the fact that Rankin is the only player named by Rice whose team he'played with lost more than three games ip the regular season, the Boilermakers copping only a pair of encounters. Four of the players played on undefeated elevens.
All-American
CAPTAIN DAVE RANKIN George Franck of Minnesota, and Tom Harmon of Michigan, halfbacks, were the only other members of the Western Conference to receive the honor.
507 Main St.
Wfter^ Every Shirt h An ARROW SHIRT HERSEY^S
Lahr Hotel Building
Why students squirm in elassrooms: 1, Because the lecture is dull. 2m Because they’re going to be called on. 3m Because they’re wearing uncomfortable underwear. We can only cure the third case! We suggest that you stock up on tl^e world’s most comfortable shorts: Arrow Shorts.^hey have the patented seamless crotch, they have roomy seats, they never shrink out of perfect fit because they’re Sanforized-Shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than 1%). What’s more,they have grippers instead of buttons—nothing to sew back on! See your Arrow dealer today!
Arrpw Shorts, 65c
Arrow Tops, 50c
AmOfr UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts t GULLION’S Wept Lafayette
1941 Grid Schedule Includes Vanderbilt, Pittsburgh Games Good news for all fq^otball fans who spend their time between seasons wondering just when they will start pushing the pigskin around again! The tentative schedule for 1941 has just been released. VanI derbilt has taken Butler’s place for the first game of the season and promises fronvthis year’s record to make the game a real struggle. Vanderbilt was one of the southern teams that really hit the line for yardage and touchdowns this year. Tentative 1941 Schedule September 27—^Vanderbilt October 4—At Pittsburgh October 11—Open October 18—At Ohio State October 25—Iowa November 1—At Fordham November 8—Michigan State November 15—At Wisconsin November 22—^At Indiana _ Pittsburgh''will replace Minnesota in the ’41 program. The Panthers have changed their rules and regulations until they conform to Big Ten qualifications, and, as a result, have several games scheduled with Big Ten teams for next year. Boilermaker Matmen ReadyForAAUMeet Under the guidance of Coach Reeck the Boilermaker wrestling team continued its hard work in preparation for the A A U meet next week at Cllicago. Coach Reeck plans to lake a large varsity and freshman squad to the meet. He ig reluctant to name the men he plans to take on the trip because of the equal ability of most of his wrestlers, and the difficulty of naming his best men. Two standout wrestlers on the team are Casey Frederick and Foster. Frederick was last year’s 120 pound A A U champ and is expected to repeat again this year. Foster was unable to attend last year’s meet because of sickness, but is expected to capture the 136 pound title this year. There are other outstanding men on the squad but Coach Reeck»is uncertain of their
This Dame’s Delusions
By Ruth Rose Although the season is over and the equipment is all safely packed away in mothballs, we still have a few football stories left over. This is probably the last of them though because tonight old king basketball starts his three-month reign. —D-D— From our Irish friend whose place we are trying to fill today comes the story about Mike Byelene who is making almost every All-American that a person could make and still be called an American. So far this season, Mike has made the Italian, Polish, and Hungarian All--American teams. But the originators of these teams have something to learn—Mr. Byelene is really Czechoslovakian. —D-D— An Associated Press Story in the Indianapolis Star speaking of Purdue as this year’s “hard luck” team says, “Things happened to Purdue that shouldn’t happen to a dog.” We don’t know what Purdue and dogs have in common but we do agree that we had some hard luck. Losing three Big Ten contests in the la'st haK-minute of play and being beaten in on< game by an ineligible player isn’t exactly what you’d expect from your rabbit’s foot. —D-D— Cec Isbell, Lou Brock, Clem Woltman and Marty Schreyer, all great names in Purdue football history paid a visit to the alma mater this week-end. According to rumors (we weren’t there) they attended the senior football party and spent half the evening tr3dng to talk Dave Rankin into a year or so»of professional football, but Rankin still says “no”! fi outcome in the meet. Last year-the Riveters captured second place in the meej:, a few points behind their arch rival, Indiana. Indiana is again expected to cause trouble this year as is Oklahoma, perennial favorites. Despite the strong opposition expected Coach Reeck is certain that his boys will place high in the meet, if not walk off with the title. e.m.l.
POPCORN —It's Healthy^Keeps You Fit— Sack5c ^Gallon 15c
DAD'S PLAQE So Handy
•
CORSAGES... To fit the particular’ beauty of your girl. Our ' corsages are designed for your satisfaction. We have for your choice roses, carnations, orchids, gardenias and combinations. Watson's Flower $kop and Green Houses 21st and Indiana Sts. Phone 5243
WI APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS WHETHER IT BE MUCH OR lITTlEr
^-OtatiaiA
\
^ Tonight to the sweet swing of Will Osborne, the man who wears the latest styles for men, many lucky girls with their curi’ent dates will dance in both ballrooms under dim lights and in gay dresses.
—^wTw—
Betty Ann McCreery escorted by John Goll will appear in a plain sophisticated black velvet with a low cut sweetheart neckline. . . . Charlotte Pirie is stepping out with Ed Luedeka in a backless red chiffon accented with a red sequin girdle . . . Jordan McCarthy will be proud of Anne Moore in her champagne colored faille diess with a bouffant shirt and gathered bodice. Ruth Allen accompanied by Bruce Warren will wear a black silk jersey trimmed with gold kid.
—wTw—
Jane Van Gorkom will be dancing with Bryant Van Aiken in a simple black crepe creation with gold sequin trimming. . . . Ann Garland in the company of Dick Wagner will wear a pink net with a tight bodice and a very full skirt Vivian Petersen attending ~ with Dick Starbuck in an eggshell taffeta and net with low hipline accented with royal blue accessories.
—^wTw—
Betty Jane Darr will be seen with Dave Jordon in a turquoise crepe. . . Axme Custer, Carl Shedrick’s date will wear maroon velveteen with a low hipline and full skirt. . . . Peg Davis with Bob Sherman will dance in a black velvet with a decollete neckline and short puffed sleeves with black evening gloves trimmed in gold. . . . Virginia Stech escorted by Alvin Gillolgy will wear a pink taf^feta with corded trim. . . . Sue Van Deren with John Clauser will do a little swinging out in a pink dress with a lace bodice and a net skirt trimmed in black velvet.
—^wTw—
Jean Ann McClintock with her one and only Lew McCammon will be wearing an aqua satin trimmed
HflnDKERCHIEf TEST PHOVCS VlTHl TORE RLUIHVS SPOTIESS
Always clean and free from goo no matter how often you smoke it. Challenging higherpriced pipes in briar quzdity and value. WM. DEMUTH & CO., NEW YORK
IT’S CUSHION SEALED
NO BOO CAN PASS NESSON BOARD
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD {.RISK 4th & Hain St. Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a '> College Education
MAURICE P. LORD DENTIST 306 Lafayette Life Building Phone 3928 Residence 6431
CHRISTMAS CARDS Exclusive Lines SOUTHWORTH'S
• Dairy Products
• Electrical Supplies
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Breisford's Electric Shop Irons - Madzda Lanrips Hot Point All Models Fluorescent Appliances 213 State St. Phone 5952
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, nioht latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Hays Jewelry Co. Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices EAST SIDE OF SQUARE
• Tailor
• Hardware
Sparrendahl Tailor Fowler Hotel Bldg. SUIT and TOPCOAT $30 and up
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Fri<jiay, December 6, 1940
with aqua lace with a fitted bodice and a full skirt. . . . Elaine Carson with Jimmy Murphy will be seen in a black taffeta with rhinestone tiimming . . . Winifred Kreipke will go southern with Bill Renfranz in a blue taffeta with lace trim. . . . Barbara Lahr will go with Bob Bancroft in a corn flower marquisette of the shirtwaist variety with long full sleeves. —^wTw— And here comes Dottie Booth with Ed Wright. She is wearing red velvet in the princess style accented by rhinestone clips. . . Collie Kiesling will be thrilling to Jim Marshall in a blue velvet trimmed with chaitreuse. . . . Jim Wolff will be the proud escort of Marge Study when she wears her striped taffeta with a torso waist and drop shoulders. . . . Frankie Thompson dating Jack Smalley will wear a plaid taffeta with gold metallic straps. —wTw— Elaine Wellington going with Doug McDaniels will wear a torso waisted black lace. . . . Mary Alice Miller is to dance with Bob Breeden in gray net topped with a gray velstones. . . . Mary Edith Harvey hits veteen jacket trimmed in I’hinea patriotic note in a gold net skirt topped with black velveteen. Her date will be Tom Gardner... . Jeanette Haynes will thrill Hal Knight in her brown net trimmed with white ribbons. —wTw— Jane Anderson is going with Frank Grey. She is wearing a blue net with a bouffant skirt. . . . Bonnie Hixon will wear wine velvet with a low cut heart-shaped neckline and draped skirt when she dances with Gordon Fletcher. . . . Jayne Parke will go with Don CorpI in a chartreuse marquisette. . . . Shirley 'Canning in a gold and rust heavy watered taffeta trimmed in rust velvet will go with Bill Spangler. . . . Jane Williams will go with Tom Fulerton in a black taffeta.
Dimindtive Greeks Play Cheerful David Against Italy's Goliath By Leland Stowe SPECIAL RADIO To Chicago Daily News Foreign Service Copyright 1940 Chicago Daily News, Inc With the Greek Army Somewhere in Albania, Dec. 3—(Delayed)— After 10 days of incessant travel, usually by car, sometimes on horseback, occasionally afoot through a few miles of slithering mud, we have visited every war sector from Corfu and the southern seacoast all the way to the shores of Lake Ochrida, nearly 260 miles to the north. Efiiciency Rules Under Chaos First of all, the Greek soldiers' appearances are entirely deceiving. They are little fellows, not averaging much more than 6 feet 6 inches in height, and most of them look as if their uniforms are one or two sizes too big for them. At first glance you would think they were a haphazard lot, and to hear their animated chatter one might suspect them almost incapable of well-or-ganized effort. But you soon discover that these nondescript-looking Greek troops are extraordinarily efficient. Beneath the surface of seemingly chaotic gestures, they get things done and they recognize no obstacles. The Finnish soldiers were much more impressive to look at, but these tough, wiry, little Greeks possess the same kind of astonishing fortitude, endurance and will to win. I never expected to see another army that could be favorably compared, man for man, in these respects with Finland’s warriors, but I have found one, here in Greece. They Grin At War’s Hardships I have never seen so^ldiers who actually thrived on wdr and its hardships as much as these diminutive, effervescent Greeks. They are the most cheerful fighting troops you can possibly imagine. Wherever we have gone we have met these muddy, dirty, smiling men. After nights of forced marches, over killing mountain roads, it is a common thing for Greek soldiers to shout and cheer as you pass them. < Plugging slowly along, through the rain, on muleback, the Greeks vdll yell “macaronis” and gesticulate eloquently to indicate what they will do to the Italians when they catch up with them. Their gestures are masterpieces of mimicry, always accompanied by diabolical, but good-natured, grins.
GRAVES BAKERY ' FINE BREAD and PASTERIES Fraternity and Sorority Orden a SPECIALTY
Three Vacation Trains To Leave For Chicago AnclEasf,Decemher21 Three special Christmas vacation trains to Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Buffalo, Boston, Washington and the East will leave Lafayette Saturday afternoon, December 21. The Wabash and Pennsylvania Railroads will rqn a special, serving Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Washington, New York and New England, at 1:15 o’clock Saturday afternoon. The train will arrive in New York Sunday morning at 7:30 o’clock. John C. Davis, Virginia Diehl, and Bill Reade will act as travel organizers for the Wabasha Pennsylvania trip. v The New York Central special to Cleveland, Buffalo, New York, Bositoin and intermediate points will leave the Big Four station at 12:35 p. m. Saturday and will arrive in New York at 8 a. m. Sunday. Another New York Central special to Chicago will depart at 12:55 and will arrive in Chicago at 3:15 Saturday afternoon. Harry “Rusty” Layson, president of the Student
fiuJuba..£xpc«ML
^ f
Graduate Students Mrs. Eichhorn, Of Mortar Receive Positions 'Board, Inspects Chapter
In Chemical Field
Five graduate students in the chemistry department recently accepted positions with the DuPont and Monsanto Chemical Companies. All of these men will complete their work for the degree of doctor of philosophy from the University in June or during the summer. A. G .Nelson will leave for the technical sales department of the Monsanto Chemical Co. immediately after finishing work on his degree. Clarence Neher will start work with the Richmond, Va. founf ui 'OQ :juoj;nQ jo qouujq H. C. Leckey will also begin work in the ammonia division of the same company in June. R. L. Heider has accepted a position with the Monsanto Chemical Co. of Dayton, Ohio; and F. W. Hoover recently left foi a job with the DuPont Co. in Wilmington, Del. W. A. Bittenbender, graduate student in chemistry, will leave this week-end for an interview with DuPont Co. d.t.b.
Senate, is studfent i epi^esentative for the New York Central, d.t b.
H
HOME
JUMBO
H
MADE
TENDERLOm
O
lOc CHILI
10c SANDWICHES
A
T
V&L
GRILL
M B
D
345 3tate St.—
-In the Village
U
Vera and Loren Brower, Props.
R
O
SHORT
Pt. Milk 5c
G
G
ORDERS
Pt Choc. Milk . .5c
E
SPECIAL EVERY EVENING 4:00 to 8:00
R
S
TENDERLOIN SANDWICH
5^
with FRENCH-FRIES
15c
s
When in Lafayette Eat at
5^
V 6c L CAFE 830 Main St.
/^'PANTRY PREPAREDNESS TAKES CARE OF UNEXPECTED GUESTS. TREATS FOR THE KIDDIES, AND YQUlLSAV£ money, if you buy in QUANTITY/
Check that pantry—be sure you don’t forget anything you will need during the holidays ahead! And at these amazing prices, you can buy all your Christmas needs, and with the savings add extra dollars to your budget for Christmas presents, and those little things you want!
NO PARKING WORRIES FOR ME!
After the W. R. H. and Union Formals I’m going to have a YELLOW CAB waiting for me at the West entrance. ^
PHONES
5023
YELLOW CAB CO. *^The Thinking Fellow Calls a Yellow**
3071
Mrs. J. F. Eichhorn of Bluffton, Indiana, the section director of Mortar Board, is at the University this week on an inspection of the chapter. Mortar Board is the national honorary fraternity for senior women. She was honored Wednesday ei^ening at a dinner in the Chestnut Room of the Union the active members, alumfiae, apd' ad-
visors.
Mrs. Eichhorn has been meeting with the members to discuss their problems and answer their questions. She has been entertained at the various halls and sororities on campus, a.r.w. Two Seniors Take Honors In Nalional Essay Contest Paul E. Jackson and Glen K. Boyd, seniors in the agricultural school, placed sixth and seventh respectively in the National Essay Writing contest sponsored by the Saddle and Sirloin Club. The topic that made them winners was “The Economical Significance of Grass in American Agriculture.” m.m.
* I
♦ I
I
'H