Daiid:; Ilois;Discuspt 46Tiyr
Seniors,
Dr. Silver
WillSpeai^ Here Sunday Jewisli Leader To: Address Sixth Religious
Couvocatiou
Dr. Abba H. Silver, eminent Jewish spiritual leader, will be the speaker at'the sixth religious convocation, to be held Sundfiy morning at 10:30 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, his subject being “Some Aberrations of Oiir Day”. Rabbi Silver has been leader of the Temple, Cleveland, Ohio, since 1917. He has been actively engaged in civic welfare for a number of years and is well versed on the social arid economic problems of the day. He served on President Hoover’s unemployment relief commission and was one of the framers of the unemployment insurance bill of Ohio,
Experienced
He has also had wide experience in addressing university students, having served as university minister at Harvard, Brown, Syracuse, Michigan, Minnesota, Iowa, Louisianna, Cincinnati, and Oberlin. Rabbi Silver was born in Lithuania but he received his education in this country, receiving a B. Adegree from the University of Cincinnnti, and has since had the degfrees of D. D. and Litt. D. conferred upon him. He has traveled widely, having at times interviewed many of the rulers of European countries. Also art author, he has written several hooks on religious
subjects.
Musical Program
The University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will provide the music part of the program, singing tWo anthems: “Bless The Lord”, by IppolitoffIvanoff, and “Father, Thy Children Bow Adoration”, by Sullivan. H& Vis FoundMmt Popuiar Course In M, E. School The widespread interest and rapidity with which heating, ventilating, and airconditioning are being adopted by industries, railroads, theatres, busses, and, homes is being reflected in enrollment in these courses in the school of mechanical engineering at the University. For the past four years more than 60 per cent of the graduates majoring in this line of study have gone into heating, ventilating, and air-conditioning work. Practically all of the leading heating, ventilating and air-conditioning equipment manufacturers have one or more Purdue grads in their employ, Prof. W. T. Miller, head of this department, reported yesterday. .
Intense Interest
The intense interest among the undergraduate engineers at Purdue has resulted in 236 .enrolling in one or more of the six elementary and advanced courses in this field. This number, forty-five per cent of whom are from Indiana, is made up of students from nineteen states and one foreign country, Turikey, from which seven students are enrolled The most popular of the undergraduate courses is an advanced course, ventilating and air-condi tioning in which 81 students are enrolled. This course is closely followed by a design course in heating, ventilating and air-condition-ing, in which 68 are participating.!
David E. Ross, president of the University board of trustees, benefactor of the Uriiyersity, and eminent inventor and manufacturer, delivered the second in a series of employment lectures yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler iHall, on the subject “Measuring Success”. The audience was
composed of about 300 people, all of whom were not seniors This is the first year that underclassmen have been invited
to attend the lectures.
Quoting examples from his experiences, Ross proceeded first to give a working definition of success. In brief, according to hip statements, success comes from setting high ideals for yourself and then living up to them. The measure of success depends upon the worthwhileness of the goal we set for ourselves. A burglar may be successful in his “work” but his success is of a low order because
his ideals are low.
If a material success is obtairied by shady means, the success is riot success in the true sense of the word. “If youth, in starting out, has low ideals and the goal set is contrary to the Golden Rule, it will be despised by its fellowriien for having obtained success.” .
“Success”
“Success in(;life, if it is to be a real success, should be the kind that you are not ashamed -of in your business career—^ybu have not stooped to trickery or cheating—' the kind that you could tell your own children how you attained. Financial success and real success are not necessarily positively correlat-
ed.” 1, ■
The' next lecture in the series, “What the Employer ’ Expects of the College Graduate”, will be delivered next Thursday by Mr. A. G. Phillips, sales manager of Allied Mills, Inc., Chicago.
LAFAYETTE. INDIAI^A, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1936
Annual Mg Ten Art Show Entries Close On Tuesday All entries in the Student Union art exhibit, the winners of which will be entered in the first annual Big; Teri art exhibit at the University of Iowa, riiust be registered with Ruth Anspach in the Student Union office before next Tuesday; giving the type and name of the original works. The work itself must be submitted by next Thurs-
day.
Ten winners of the contest here will be selected by Miss L. ScharitzHansen, of the department of applied design, and L. M. Vallely, manager of the Union, and will be sent to Iowa City to be exhibited in the Union Building of Iowa University from April 27 to May 4. An official seal of the Big Ten exhibit will be awarded for each piece of work displayed. Rules Each Big Ten school may submit ten pieces in any of the following: oil, tempera, water colors, pastels, graphics, sculpture, mural and architectural design and architectural sculpture, ceramics, and applied design. Resident undergraduates and graduate students in all schools and department of Big Ten schools are eligible.
my Ah. WRAY TO PLAY : FOR MIXER TOMOREOW ■
Orval Wray and his campus rev-
elers will play at the mixer tomorrow night in the Union Building. The same backdrop as will be used for the Triad formal this evening will adorn the wall in back of the orchestra. Professors Wykoff and Mauch will chapieron the dance and C. W. Quiggle and Jim Clark are in charge of the danCe. The usual
price and time will prevail.
CHI OMEGA ALUMNAE CLUB HOLDS MEETING The Alumnae club of Chi Omega met last Wednesday at the home of Miss Eleanor Robbiris. Miss Louise Gunn and Miss Marion Moore were assisting hostesses. Bridge was played after which a shower of miscellaneous gifts was given in honor of Mrs. Karl Kaufman, the former Miss Mary Jo Rettig.
Threshers To Broadcast ThresWiig Crew Wifl Give Annual Program Ov€rWLS,WOWO All next week the veteran Pufdue Threshing Crew will give their annual broadcast over stations WLS, Chicago, and WOWO, Fort Wayne. These programs have been presented oyer these two stations during the past eight years. The first three days of the week the program will be presented over WLS while on Thursday and Friday the programs will come over WOWO.
Threshing Band
On Monday’s program beginning at 12 o’clock noon will be • the Threshing Band, and F. C. Gaylord, of the horticultural depai’tment, speaking on the “Purdue Ag Asso ciation”. Following this, talks will (Continued on page 4)
Co-eds To Eutertain P. ,E. Eds At Game Mixer W. A. A. will be hostess to all University students majoring in physical education at a game mixer in the Women’s Gymnasium from 7:30 to 10 o’clock tonight. Those attending will be entertained with games of badminton, deck tennis, shuffleboard, darts and volleyball. Louanna Thompson, chairman, Georgia Halstead and Virginia Hawkins comprise the committee in charge of the affair. Miss Veronica Brady, of the department of physical education, will act as the
chaperone.
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING Alpha Xi'-Delta announces the pledging of Marguerite Call, Indianapolis; June Conklin, Oak Park, Illinois; and Colleen Cook, Man-
chester.
Juniors Cctst Record Vole In Highly Contested Election 0. W. Alpha Gamma Rho, was named chmrman of the 1936 Junior Prom committee last night following the close of one of the most strongly contested elections ever witnessed on the campus. With a record number of juniors voting at yesterday’s electionSj almost 100 more than last year, the fol-
lowing group was fleeted on the Prom committee: Ruth Grimm, Ghi Omega; J. W. Drake, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; 0. W. Martin, Alpha Gamma Rho; B. A. McCandless, Pi Kappa Phi; C. J. Trees, Sigma Nu; J. W. VanNatta, Phi Delta Theta; and S. R. Wirth, P. 1. A. Drake received the great-
est number of votes. ; Gala Week
W. W. Glenny, Pi Kappa Phi, will head the Senior Gala Week committee, according to a decision of that group last night. Approximately 125 seniors reported at the polls yesterday to elect on the committee: Mary Luxtori, Chi Omega; V. R. Butz, Alpha Gamma Rho; W, W. Glenny, Pi Kappa Phi; J. F Jooi'fetz, Independent; R. P. Nikolich. Delta Sigma and R, B. Null, Triangle. Glenny, receiving 120 votes, ^as the leading male candidate in the elections; Luxton
was unopposed.
. The; fact that the contests for the positions on the Junior Prorii committee were so close likely was due to the strenuous and widespread campaigns which were made by members of the two major tickets. Extensive electioneering On the campus, and in fraternities and sororities marked the election day as candidates for the Prom committee and their friends transported the voters to the polls in literally doz-
ens of automobiles.
Orderly
Relatively little excitement was reported about the Union Building yesterday, and no attempts to break any of the election rules were re
SPORTSMANSHIP CREED The (rue Boilermaker sportsman believes: 1. That all athletic opponents are guests and should be treated with the courtesy due from Purdue as a host. 2. That all decisions of officials should be accepted without question. 3. That players or officials should never be hissed or boOed. 4. That abusive or irritating language from the sidelines is the mark
of a poor sportsman.
5. That applause is due opponents who make good plays or show good I ported. Approximately 445 ballots ^i?*i^”*^”ff****" i , were cast by juniors, the largest
6. That no attempt should be made to rattle an opposing player, such as the man attempting a free throw in basketball or the pitcher in
baseball.
7. That the “game” should be won by fair and lawful means, abiding at all times by the real spirit of the rules. , 8. That the “game” should be loved for its own sake and not for what victory may bring. 9. That “games” should be “won without boasting and lost without
excuses”.
10. That “win or lose” Purdue’s teams deserve wholehearted support.
AnEditorial ' Boilermaker sportsmanship has reached a new low during the current basketball season, if the creed printed above can be taken as a basis for rendering judgment. Booing of officials by spectators has reached the point where it is attracting more than local attention. Booing never changed a decision. Its only effect is a reflection on the team, and on the student body that supports it. Accept an unfavorable decision when a disinterested referee thinks it necessary,, and, even more, BE A GOOD SPORT!
number on record for a Prom elec
tion.
Following a meeting of the victorious ticket last night, the following committee appointments were announced: tickets, VanNatta; decoratipris and publicity. Trees; programs, McCandless; band, Martin; flowers, Grimm; banquet, Wirth; and booths, Drake.
Marquette Debaters To
Meet Purdue Subject Of Blscussioxi To Be Goegr^s vs. Su-
preme Court
“Resolved: That Congress Should Be Empowered To Override, By A Two-Thirds Majority Vote, Decisions Of The Supreme Court Declaring Federal Laws Unconstitutional” will be the question debated wheft the University team meets the Marquette University debate squad at West Lafayette high school at 2:15 o’clock today. The occasion of the debate will be a convocation of the sophomores, juniors and seniors of the high school. Charles Petticrew and Robert Royster, veteran tnembefs @f the University squad, will debate
the negative side.
Howard C. Raether, manager of the team, and Ralph B. Hausman, editor of the Marquette Tribune, and assistant/editor of the Catholic Speaker, will defend the affirmative of the question. Both men are members of Delta Sigma Rho.
Pennsylvania Here
At 9:30 next Sunday the same team will meet the University of Pennsylvania team, composed of Seyman S. Kety, senior irianager of the debate council, and Mark T* Deibler, to debate the same question. The debate will be held in the Baptist ’ church, before student classes and Adult Loyalty class^es. On the following Friday the team
will meet St. Xavier.
Wesley Foundation To Give , . ■Valentine Party A valentine party is to be given in the M. E. church tonight at 8 o’clock by the Wesley Foundation. All are invited to. attend and share in the game and refreshments that will be a feature of the evening.
They Made News. Do You Know Them?
Proininent figures in. politics, sports, business, and even in private life attract a great deal of attention both for freakish feats and worthwhile accomplishments, but their fame is short lived, according to a survey made recently by Prof. O. F. Hall, head of the University department of education. Professor Hall assembled a list of 100 names of people, places and thifigs which figured in the newspapers during 1936. When he tested a group of 17 students, picked at random, on their knowledge of these names, he found that only 11 of the lOO names on the list were identified correctly by the entire group. These were: Major Bowes, R. E. Byrd, Claudette Colbert, C. E. Coughlin, Amelia Earhart, Anne Lindbergh, Wiley Post, Will Rogers, Billy Sunday, Shirley Temple, and
P. E. Townsend.
Three Not Recognized It is true that some names are not so likely to be remembered as others, but when a man has $2>Q00,000 to give away, it might be well (Continued on page 4)
How many of the following names of famous persons, places, and things can you identify ? They have appeared frequently in newspajpers during the past year. This questionnaire was given to one of Prof. 0. F. Hall’s classes in the education department, the highest score made being 96. Answers will appear in tomorrow’s Exponent. The names are:
1. Jane Addams 2. Aksum 3. Anderson, Orville 4. Andrews, Leland ... 6. Astrid, Queen 6. Atterbury, W. W. -. 7. Baker, Joe—(Father Divine)..... 8. Baldwin, Stanley 9. Barnet, Jose A..... 10. Barth, Karl .......... 11. Batten, Jean 12. Benes, Eduard .. 13. Berwanger, Jay 14. Borah, W. E... 16. Bowes, Major 16. Braddock, James 17. Buchan, James .... 18. Byrd, R. E.... 19. Birriis, Joseph W., 20. Campbell, Malcolm 21. Carrell, Alexis 22. Chase, Mary EUen,.. 23. Cochrane, Mickey 24. China Clipper 26. Colbert, Claudette
26. Condon, J. P.......... 27. Coughlin, C. E. .. 28. Craig, Malin ........ 28. Compton, K. T. .... 30. Cutting, Bronson 31. Dafoe, A. R 32. Duke, Doris 33. Earhart, Ainelia 34. Eden, Anthony ... 35. Farley, J. A. 36. Florida Keys ....... 37. l^eorge 11 38. Grayson, Cary T. .... 39. Harrison, R. B. 40. Hauptmann, Bruno 41. Hayes, Cardinal 42. Hitler, Adolf, 43. Hoare, Samuel 44. Holmes, O. W. 46. Holt, Rush ......... 46. Hopkins, Hairy L. 47. Hull, Cordell 48. Hutton, Barbara 49. Ingalls, Laura 50. Johnson, Hugh B.
Ticket Sales For . Go-ed Pan Dance To Open Monday Tickets for the Women’s PanHellenic dance, which is to be held Friday, February 21, twill be put on sale Monday at the six sorority houses, and will be priced at $1.25 per couple. The darice is closed to co-eds who do not belong to a Greek organization, but any girl belonging to a national soroi’ity that does not Imve a chapter on this campus may get her ticket from Sarah Schaaf. Dick Cisne and his orchestra* from the University of Illinois, has been selected to furnish the music for the affair. The orchestra has played here several times before and has been received enthusiastically. Their last appearance on the campus was for the Phi Kappa Psi dance last Saturday night.
(Continued on page 4)
Forum Discusses Modern Phllosopliy: With approximately twenty-five persons present at the discussion forum last night in the Memorial Union Building, “Contemporary Philosophy” served as the main topic for debate. The discussion narrowed down to two specific subjects: materialism vs, idealism, and dynamic philosophy vs. static philosophy. These topics proved so interesting to the group that they decided to continue the discussion on Febx'uary 27. These meetings are held weekly and are ripen to all students interested. Each person present is invited to take part in the discussion. M. G. Walther was the chairman of the group last night.
§
iiitt■
i
198B-1986' /;:■V-' Member Assdeiated Collegiate Press ' Distributor of COLIiEGIATE DIGEST
M«nb«r of NaHonal CollOse Press Assodattoii, Big Tin jMtoria! Association Bxdneirelr B^r^nted by Nationd A^ertii^g Serrice* Inc. ^0 liaison Aronne, Iferr Torit City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Deliver^ by man, $8.60 per yete’! deJiyered by carrier, $2.60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 tents.
Bnainess Phone 6088
MAIN office—812 North Fifth Stetet
Edihorial Phone 6087
m»ly fttiidenf: Pablicatibii OiiP PuMafe Uitiiyersity
Bditor-in'Chief Managing Editor— Associate Editors.. Sports Editor...
EDiroaiAL. STAFF
- ....i_......H. V. Heuser
T7Z".-1”'... -G. H- CetepbeU ....i-...............; ........i-Jl. M. OhaStten, C. M. Harding
W. T. Hunt, E. H. Mbrrfaj M. G. Whither
opons gtfl$TOr..,.-,-..;r---r-rn-Tri ....--rNe E.
Associate Sports Editors ...........D, F. Mull, R. H. Walpole, JU IX Wood Sophomore Assistants .....K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brook, R. L. Cribb, A. H. Forster,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, O. K Sadler
G. F. Roquemore, R. C. Schehck, J. L, VonHara
Bdd and Bladt BditW. .. —..— W. B. Abbott ^ ■ ■ BUSINESS STAFF ~
. .. W. A. Koch
................ H. F. Antonini r'.''’"”"'....'.'.'.". .......L. H. Brown, R. Otek, D. 0. Miller
Business Manager.—..... Adwtetising Mbhager... Advertising Assistanta..
Editer.. Associa
Sojphomore
Associate fiditors-
re Ass:
WOMEN'S STAFF ,
....Helen Creech, ^na Hutson, Mien Mann
istaiits........... .....Jean Brown, Jean Soehner Marjorie Louis, Jeanne Janpusek, Doris‘McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke, Esther Turley
Advertising Manager--— — -Josephine Perkins
Friday, February 14, 1936. Issue Editor—J. L. von Harz.
The -Overemphasis - On Grades
As a decisive means of measurement, the modern grading system has repeatedly proved itself false, and the alphabet has become so deeply entrenched in the educational process that a high mark is the Ultimate goal of the graduate Tathey than a thorough understanding of the material contained in the course. This tendency to overemphasize the value of a “mark” seems to be growing throughout the country, and fhe trend is an evil in that it sidetracks the main objective in a course of study. Our present graduated system of grading could also be held as taking at least a part of the blame for the innumerable cases in student dishonesty that have appeared over the country in the last few weeks, the most notable of th^e cases being the wholesale expulsion of students
from the University of North Carolina.
Marks! Just what do they mean? Are they coiiclusive evidence that Student A knew S'? per cent of the material offered while Student B absorbed only 76 ^er cent ? When the results of dailies, reports, monthly tests, etc., are put through the grading mill at the end of each semester, and a letter comes out as the final product, there is no account made in the record of the conditions under which the course was administered. The abilities of the respective instructors to “put it out” are not weighed, or are the varying standards of differ-
ent divisions of a university taken into account.
Judging from comments in other college papers, the present system of grading is being criticized throughout the country because it tends to direct the primary reward toward the letter rather than toward the value received from a course. A few years ago, Chicago University pioneered in the field of grades by adopting the “S” and “U” system in which work was judged as satisfactory or unsatisfactory. It is true that in many instances this would eliminate the stimulation that a letter grade would offer to some students, but it also turned the undergraduate’s head away from the grade to the actual
material which was being gained from the work.
Chicago was forced to abandon the system when other schools, uyion receiving transfer students from Chicago, de-
manded more specific records of past work.
.The scramble which has reduced learning to a position incidental to the desire for high grades has reflected in the pres-ent-day worth of a college degree in the eyes of many employers. The ideal system would account for all the numerous factors that enter into a course besides the number of questions that are answered right or wrong, and it is to this goal
that leaders in the field will point their efforts.
Some shine in class, others in activities, but with most of
us it is only in the seat of an old pair of pants.
The contrih box Was fiill of isOinic valentines. Thanks, kids—bat I Beggs to suggest that it Wohld have been a Oould idea^^ stuff theih Harvey Sllne, at large and boon to -woman-kind, has bit the dust. In a wOrd-T^hgaged. itis only statement: “To hell with Coiintsie!” “Papa, vat is Science ?” “Oi! Stupid vhat you isS. Science iss dose tings Vat says, ‘No SmOk-
ingP”
Eds may kid the co-eds And about their “beauty” rave; But Purdue’s the only college With another beauty page!
—Stu,
Champion of Purdue beauty-dom. Ed: About a week late, but still
good.
Alpha Chi pledge King finally caught the Delt gin she has been Rahn-ing after all semester. HISTORY'OF MAN. . Man is but a worm. He comes, squirms about a bit. Then some hen gets him. .^Illini.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Political Evolution (The Dally Iowan) Has a new, strong political party established itself in the United States during the last four years? We must either concede that it has, or agree that the democratic party has almost completely reversed the principles on which it has stood since 1840. Either we have a republican, a democratic and a new deal party or the old democraticparty has died and the new party has assumed its name and built a program of government which is in opposition to the principles of the old party. I “As little federal government as possible” has been the cry of democrats for nearly 100 years. They have proclaimed it in their platforms and through speeches of their candidates. And now? The democratic president asks for more and more power for the federal government. The democratic majority in congress passes measure after measure restricting the right of the individual and the state and increasing federal jurisdiction. “Strict construction of the constitution” has been the watchword- of democratic leaders heretofore, but the present administration has used that document as an elastic guide which can be stretched to justify practically any legislation which it deems necessary. Democrats are, characteristically, suspicious of bureaucracy. liut new dealers have established a complicated system of bureaus, boards, departments, and committees which exceed an old democrat’s worst prediction of what a republican administration might do. . Economy, while it is a principle of both parties, is more typical of the democrats. Republicans lean more towards the promotion of business and protection of property. But the present so-called democratic administration has flung economy to the winds. It advocates a program of “spend! spend!” It plunged the nation into a debt Upknown to the American people. Where is the old democratic party ? Has it been replaced by a new, and perhaps better party, with new ideals and a new philosophy of government? Will it rise and demand its name to go with those principles which America recognizes as democratic, or will it be content to die and leave in its place this strange child of the depression, the new deal party, who stole the democrat’s name and discarded its principles?
STONE
Jde E. Brown, #ho plffys the role of “Bottom” in the popular screen production of Shakespeare’S “Midsummer Night’s Dream”, to be shown at the Mars Theatre tonight and tomorrow night. All seats are reserved.
WRH Co-eds Entertain Escorts At Tea Dance In honor of St. Valentine’s Day, the freshman Co-eds li-ving in the Women’s Residence Hall entertained their escorts at a gay tea dance held yesterday afternoon from 4:30 until 6 o’clock in the Residence Hall; The valentine motif -was carried out in the large lacy backdrop and huge red heart. Orval Wray and his orchestra played. After the affair, a buffet supper was served to the dancers. Special guests were Miss Claire Coolidge, Miss Helen Hazelton, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Katherine Dunwoody, Virginia Gobble, Helen Hall, Mary Rose Harlan and Jeanette Scudder. Betty Elston was in charge of the tea dance.
Entomologi Society Holds Meeting Last Bight, H. R. Painter, of the UBited States department of agt-icdlture, displayed uniqup photographs of insects before the meeting of the Entomological Society. E. J. Kohl addressed the iBeetiBg on insect photography and J. Amos, a former University graduate, spoke on the family ceramhycida|9 cau^it in bait tfaps»
WBAA
.TbdaJ'-^ II :00—SociploEV Lteture. Ptef. Noss. ll rSO-^-Purdue News Flashes. 12:00-i--Agricultural FbrUiii. Ki E; Son.,'. 12:16—Luncheon Dance MuSih. ‘ 12:80—H. L Metzger, ortraaihi. 12:46—Athletic Review. 1:00—-Electrical Engineering Shop . 'Cohrs'e. 1:1B---Mary Ann Godfrey, contralto. 1:30—The Apothecary. Dean Jordan. 1:46—Pinal Markets; 2:00---The Radio Playshop. West Lafayette High Sehbdl. 2:30—Lafayette Music Society. , ,
Theve are 3,642 families in Indiana under the wing of the Resettlement Administration.
ICE SKATES MARPENED . Hollow Ground 25c Pair , F. JOS. mctlhaupt &SON Phone 2828 269-11 N. 5th St.
SPOT SANDWICH SHOP Food yon like and as you like it. Popular Prices
Of Interest To The Ill-Maimered The last stone that rolled across this page left upon it the imprint of a book reidew—that is, a review of sorts. The book was “Gentlemen”, and the meat of that column was intended to introduce this one, but since I am restricting myself to five hundred words and because my introduction took more than that, I am giving the stqne another roll to get the story written. My subject, you may recall, was the revolt against burdensome man-ners—-a movement which I wholeheartedly endorse. Being of such a radical nature in this respect, I could but enjoy an incident which happened in the very center of the creamiest of Society in the most social city in the world. Let me pass it on to you. It seems that a certain elderly lady of the New York social whirl —and a very proper lady indeedrevolted against a current social institution in quite a surprising manner. Mrs. B— Van B—, the be-fore-mentioned revolutionist, was suffering from, and in, that paramouat somal evil—the reception le. The wedding was large, the party numbered twenty-eight; it was Mrs. Van B—’s third large reception of that week, the eighth of that month, and forty-second of that year. She had met the groom and kissed the bride, and told the mother, father, brother, and other twenty-two members of the bridal party that the bride was lovely and the wedding so, so nice. To which each and every one had said, “Thank you so much, wasn’t it indeed, Mrs. Van B—and had turned quickly to concentrate upon the name of the next in line. It was before the twenty-eighth member of the party that the demon, so long lain dormant in Mrs. B-— Vail B, prodded her into revolution. This last member of the wedding party was a small, wan blonde, probably a college roommate; she had followed the party down the aisle like a withered leaf caught in, the suction of a passing limousene, Said Mrs. Van B— to the wan blonde, “I killed my butler today”, With a painted smile, the wan blonde said to Mrs. Van B“Thank you very much, wasn’t it indeed.” Art Bradbhry. Professor J. L. Cattell To Speak On “French Drama” Theta Alpha Xi, dramatic honor ary, will hold an open meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Tuesday evening at 7:30. The public is invited to attend and hear Prof. J. L. Cattell, head of the modern language department, speak on “French Drama”.
WOMEN’S PAN HOLDS MEETING IN UNION At a meeting of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council, held yesterday at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union Building, the average required for initiation into any sorority was again set at 3.6. Plans for the Pan-Hellenic dance were discussed, and it was decided that each sorority will be expected to take tickets for at least twothirds of its membership. This was followed by a, discussion of plans for the probation period of pledges. . Four from Colgate were dismissed recently for theft of exam papers.
, LUTHER A, RlSK-: 'u 400 Schnlte BldOr. PIumm 67M
Satisfy both youi* appetite and pocketbOok at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine Si W. Lafayette
TOfaAY . SATukDAY ; REX'LEASEin . 7 “RoMgh Riding:; Raiiffer” ■ 'And ' VICTOR JORY - SALLY O’NEIL in: . “Too Tough,to Kill”. ' 'also ... “ADVENTURES Op REX AND BINTY”
a NEW KIND ol a typewflter,. .
The finest portable typewriter in fh.e world —beautifully smooth—responsive—rapid in action. A truly universal typewriter—for personal or office use. Yet costs no more than on ordinary portable with sitni|oret]uipment. Convenient payments if yoi. wish, . . *65
The SMITH-CORONA■wmrT 1 H 'WVf Ward 15 Wins Tank Contest Wards 2 And 13 tie For Second In Unorganized Swim Meet Unorganisied men showed theit prowess last night when they held the ward^ swimming meet in the tank located in the ■ basettiertt ef the Purdue Memorial : Ward came Ou^ the Winner in the event with a score of 30 points,^ Wards 2 and 13 tied for second and third places wth scores of 11 points each/ Ward 1 was given fourth Witli a SOOte 6f & itidhOtSi ^he ei/ohts tjartieipated ih ihst nifht wfete as follows r ioo yitd free style,^^d() yard breast stroke, 160 yard back stroke, 160 yard relay, 40 yard free style, fancy diy ing and the 220 yard free styles Ei Armstrong took first place in the 100 yard free Style-and F. B. Crosby stroked in second. Tithe in this event was :59.2. In the 200 yard breast stroke, w. M. Anthony finished first with a tihie of 2:54.2, and E. D. Corr finished second, With a time Of 2:56.2, F. B. Crosby won the 150 yard back stroke and Jacobi took second position. Ward l5 won the' 160 yard relay with a time of 1:24 and Ward 2 took second. Ward IS’s team was composed of Gaulke, La vernier, Lahey and Armstrong. Lavernier woi)i the 40 yard free style with a time of :20.5 and Lahey placed second. Wallace won the fancy diving and Garland took second place. The meet closed with the 220 yard free style which was won by Armstrong with a time of 2:38.7; Jafiobi placed second in this event.
NOTICE
All men interested in boxing and Wrestling for the Intramural Carnival should sign up on the intramural bulletin board as soon as possible. HAMILTON.
4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- 4- > 4 CLASS''‘A” BASKETBALL 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 Today Court 1, Hutt 7:00—Theta Tau vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 7:15—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Nu.
A permanent national youth program to replace NYA is provided for in a bill now before Congress.
SPAERENDAHL Mertiaiit Tailor 507 Main St.
DR. A. M. IRION ! Dentist Kron Flats State and Main Phone 4965
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers , Main at 7th Phone 606®
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
LYLE K FISHER, Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Wallace Block 322 Perry St, Opposite New Post OflSce
ARMY BOXERS ADVANCE TO FINAL itODNOS Leather .pushing by basic students in their elimination bouts yesterday left the following in the final rounds of the dotps boxing tofimey: Bertoncini, 135 pound class; Rosenberg, 136 pound class; Bostwick and Bonebrake, 176 pound class. Those who advanced to the semi-finals incltided: .Stewtirt, Moses, Lidguaid and PWlhif ger, all in the 160 pbund dass.■
U.S. Net Squad Fdr Olpupics To Be Chosen
MestWell, All^ii In Charge Of Se- ■ lecfiiig Team For the first time in the history of the Olympic games,: baskethall has been recognized as a sport and will be included in the program for the games to be held in Berlin next August. Although any Hoosiers there will probably not recognize the gaine as it will be played there, it will be basketball notwithstanding.- ■ : According to present plans, the games will be played on a gravel court out of doors. This in itself will probably eliminate any form of dribbling, as well as forcing players to make changes in their style due to the uncertain footing. In addition to this, reports have it that ^Continental officials are prone to interpret the rules about traveling much more stringently than American officials do, and may toot their Whistles when a player even pivots Judging from this, the officials for the games in which American teams play will probably attract far more attention than do the players. Ini' agine one of them at a game in which Kessler and Young played! National Directors' : Dr. Meanwell, director of athletics at Wisconsin (possibly formerly by the time this reaches print) is in charge of all plans for selecting a team to represent the Uftited States, and has as an assistant Mr. Phogg Allen, University of Kansas mentor. These men, with their assistants, have evolved the following plan to select the best team in the nation. The country has been divided into districts, and a committee of representative coaches, sports writers, officials, etc., appointed in each dis trict. These men select the teams to compete, and then are in charge of all plans for the district elimination tournament. Lambert Selected In the fifth district, comprised of the states of Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, and Kentucky, Bill Fox, the sports editor of the Indianapolis News, was named chairman of the committee, made up of coaches and officials in the district, including our own Ward Lambert. Present plans call for an elimiiiation tournament to be held in the Butler fieldhouse after the close of the present season’s schedules for the various teams. As yet, no definite date has been set for the tourney and neither have the names of the teams to compete been announced. Interdistrict Tourneys At the close of the district tour naments, the winners will go to some central city (probably Chicago, for this section of the country) and engage in an interdistrict tournament. Here the teams will play a three game series, and the winner of two of the three games will go to the national tourney, which will probably be held in New York (providing they can get something better than a high school floor in Madison Square Garden). Here again, there seems to be a haze of uncertainty as to how the tournament will be run, but it is expected to be similar to the interdistrict tournaments. Selections From the teams at the national contest, the Olympic team will be selected as follows: seven men from
See Action Tomorrow
! By Don Wilson l^ot evfeil considerihg the ilsual week-end activities around the campus, tomorrow looks to be a full day for the athletic department of the tJniversity. Five different teams will see action and out of these five, f6ur wiM stout iffieir stuff bh home founds. Basketball;, The major one of these activities Will be the basketball gattie with Northwesterh tomorrow night at the Jefferson high school ^mnasium. Last night, at closing time, ilie ticket office reported that less than 160 tockSte WCte f till availSfeie for the game. I'his nfieans that fans as Well ai bMciais expebt a tbal ganife, so a sell-otii: is in sight. The Daily Northwestern has taken great pains to toll its readers of “Purdue’s invincible cagers” and the practice they make 6f—“Purdue depends on Superior Speed to make openings for split-second shots close to the basket, and uses a chance-taking fast break to run up large scores in preference to a more methodical offense that would keep the opposition’s total down.” Northwestern dsed this Sahie plan against Butler last Monday night and also has the advantage of being able to fall back on Mike McMichaels’ long shots if the opposing defense centers top much around~the basket. With these facts in mind, fans seem to think that it will be a hard, fast battle" from start to finish. Track At the name time that Coach Lambert’s men are fighting it out
9 Chosen For Glider Club Plan To EntOT Soaifing. , Gomtest Next Montli Nine students were elected members of the University Glider club at the regular meeting Wednesday night. They were: G. R. Aschauer, R. L. Buell, E. M. Burdick, R. B. Coen, R. I. Congdon, R. E. , Davis, R. Q. Jackson; C. A. Palmquist, and R. N. Whiting. Several of these men have had previous aeronautical experience, one having built and flown his own glider, They will begin regular flight training as soon as the flight schedule permits. Other membership applications were deferred to a later date. Plan Contest Eight members of the organization are planning to attend a soaring contest at the Sleeping Bear sand dune near Empire, Michigan, during spring vacation. This sand dune, which is 600 feet high, has had flights of long duration made from its summit. Club members, who are practicing for the meet, are aiming at that record. The club now has two ships flying and two ships under construction. The new secondary glider is equipped with night flying navigation lights. According to A. L. Wood, club president, plans are being made to start night flying next week.
Drink Milk for More Energy CfflH JOHNSON Phone 41332
Milk is your best food-— ifs pa,cked full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it's body-building and energy building.
Lambert Writes Bo&kOm Basketball Coach “Piggy” Lambert has been rather holding things back from the student body in the last few weeks in view of the fact that just recently a prominent breakfast cereal company came forth with a free offer of a book on basketball, written by that famous college coach, Ward Lambert, with each package of cereal. The book is being offered only to boys living in that state known as the center of basketball, Indiana. The book contains Lambert’s inside dope on the correct way to play basketball, plus the pictures of the 1936 All-American team, which includes Bob Kessler, of Purdue. The company advertises that money can’t buy the book and that it is the only b0ok of jts kind, anywhere.
the squad of the winning team, five men from the team winning second place, and one maii each from the teams placing third and fourth. The coach of the winning team will become the head coach of the Olympic squad and the coach of the team winning second place will be the assistant coach.
on the hardwood, Purdue’s track squad will be in Evanston participating in a triangle meet there with Northwestern and Wisconsin. The track squad expects to arrive in Evanston tomorrow morning. Reports have it that Moore will be unable to patticipate in the meet because bf a nerve injuty in his ankle. This will hamper the Boilermakers ih scffii^ 6ne ihct about the meet has beeh made public by the athletic depaiiihefit, mainly, that there will be fio quarter or half mile runs, but they will have two ektoa relays. These relays Ayili be .of one and two miles in length which MU he Mn by the usual quartef and half-milers of the respective schools.; : Swimming DePauw will come to Lafayette at 2:30 tomorrow afternoon for a return swimming meet. The Boilermaker tank squad won over the DePapw meii earliei: in the season, but the meet premises to be a good one. Squash The fourth of the five events tomorrow will be the squash meet, to be held here between the Boilermaker squad and the Indianapolis Athletic club. The I. A. G, plans to bring sevetol players with them so there will be six varsity matches and four faculty matches. .Fencing The Purdue fencing team will see action tomorrow night for the last time this season when they will buck up against a stiff Ohio State team here. Activities will start in the Memorial Gymnasium! at about 9:16 p. m. This late hour was set because of the basketball game to be played in the Jeff gym. Officials felt there would be several fans who would want to see both engagements and to make this possible they set the late hour. This is a rather unusual day for Purdue athletics and marks the peak in indoor winter sports for the University. It is felt that this will give many students a chance to attend several matches on an “off” day as the attendance for some of the above-mentioned spOrts has not^ been all that could be asked for in the past season.
Entries closed yesterday for the three intercollegiate billiards totlrnaments with the following entries: Geo. M. Hunter, Lee B. Purcell, S. M. Cohee, M. H. Ingleman, J. S. Brazil, H. 0. Steed, A. G. Lockwood, L; E. Dailey, Jaines Farrington, j; A. Martin, RichardI Lotoe, 6. R. ;Ma^nnis, J. M. Kimcza, R. W. Reynolds, B. Soo, Johii Hancock, The first contest for qualifications for the three teams will be held at ihb tJnioh at i p, m. toniorrow and will continue all afternboh and (Bve.ning.
^STODEN SERVICE
RINTING Obiee Siaiioncry. Wadding Invltaliont
PHONE “ Sales Books, ESe.,c 5 6 2 8 CASS5L'S : 408tERRV-'
Copied IffitearesritM Fencing Incresises , Fencing enthasiasts held a regular nieeting last night at 7 o’clock in the Wbnien’s Gymnaffium. Two classes are held at each -meeting, one for beginners, and bne for the more advanced pupils. AH girls who have signed up for the activity are required to attend the naeetings which are held twice each week. The attendance of this year has already doubled that of last yebr, bringing the total number to fiftyfour. Jack Silverman, captain of the varsity fencing squad, is the instouctor in charge.
The animal llnivetsify A^atie j
Gamival which in the past has been
held on two separate days, will be , . . held on March 4 only this yestr. ' / ^
Entry blanks and rule sheets will '
be sent to campus organizations in , '
the near future. Events open for participation are: four man relays, golf putting;, walking ifa^ skypidle;^ tumbling, boxing and wrestling.
Iffiose interbsted in
in the boxing aiid wT^tiinlr eMt^ may receive instouetion aftb^ s^bcd in the gym. Maxwell Will be in charge of the boxers at the sonth end of the gym, and Varley Mil handle the wrestlers in the noi4h
endi.
, !#
Tlie UilwMng fellow ealli A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Blaek Cam tor Special Oeeasioaa 25c per paasenger any part of the cMy 6023 PHONIC M71 YELLOW GAB CO.
. D E AG. : : HAS EVERYTHING ■■ for a ' COLLEGE EDUCATION : H. , 6. REISER
MUSIC while you dine a pleasure not usually aflerded one y©uis.... vat no extra cost in the UNION CAFETERIA
Every Noon : Luncheon Music by Orval Wray and his Orchestra Always.,,the Best of Food
DOW N STAIR S
IN THE
Purdue
Memorial Union
i iTYPEWRITERS ADDING MA€HINES—Pot sale, rent, repaired alaa botiglit. niiMieo^laph work done. C. P. Ebershoff, €05 Main ^i Phone 2779.
Chamberlin’s Special Por This Week—Strawberry, Pineapple and Strawberry ;;brick. Order it—it’s delicious.
Union Wortters-—Will these: membors 6f my committee please retort to the Bub-base-meht it 4 today: Gibsen, Kieth, Meriam, PaVorite, Bratlain, Brattain, Hess, Roper and Pfortheiiner. ' „ -^UIGGLE.
Union Workers—Will these members _ of my committee meet ih the Student Union office at 4- today: Marjorie Poor, larna hicr I>eod, hdary Markel, Jean Hallam, Martha Spring, Mary Hamilton, Alice Keely, Margaret Richey, Mary Wynn, Esther Hpltman, and Etta Best. ‘ —GRIMM.
Lost—K & E Log Log Trig Scale Slide Rule. Call Bill Bendell, 6734.
Lost—Wrist watch in north Service and Stores Bldg. Call 5021. Reward.
Lost—Works of Westfield watch. Reward, call Monroe, 6021.
NOTICES No notices ecc^ted after > p. at.
Freshman Engineers—Those who . took surveying last semester may obtain their area calculations at office, room 101, Civil Building, They will not be ayaUable later than Saturday, February 16. —TODD. _ Freshman Girls—Meeting in Union ballroom at 4 Monday. —UNION BOARD.
Attention Reserve Officers-^All students excused from basic military training because of commissions in the Reserve Offic- ' ers’ Corps or because of eligibility for such a commission, should get in touch with Maj. Stuart Mcl^eod, headquarters Lafayette military sector, 2nd floor Postoffiice Bldg., Lrfayette. —^MAJOR McLEOD. —CAPTAIN HAYFORD Freshman Men—Thpse who have signed up for Union will be notified of their committees in Tuesday’s Exponent in this column. ■ —UNION BOARD. Intramural Camivs3rT-AU men interested in boxing or wrestling for the intramural carnival sign up on the intramural bulle tin board as soon as possible. —HAMILTON.
A. I. Ch. E.—Debris picture will be taken t 7 :16 tonight. —BRAYTON.
Prom & Gala Week Committees—-Picture for Debris will be taken in tower room at 7 tonight.. —BRAYTON.
Zouaves—important meeting today at 4. —KANY.
Physics Studonts^Who have had physics 21 and 22 and wish to sell their lab manual will please leave their name and-telephone number with Mr. Haley at the store room of the physics department. —ABBOTT.
Cosmopolitan Club—All officers arS ' pected to meet at 4 today at the Wesley Foundation. Important. '—BOO.
Free Mixed Recreation—^In Women’s Gym at 7:30 tonight. Mixed volleyball, pingpong, badminton, shuffleboard, deck tennis will be available. —ELLIS. Freshman P. E. W. Students—-Those who have not taken the Brace motor ability test will meet in the Women’s Gym at 4 tmdasr. -ELIAS.
W. A. A. Basketball—Official practice scheduled from 4 to 4 :45 and 4:45 to 5:30. —CHARLES.
THilESHEES— (Continued from page 1) be given by M. O. Pence, of the agronomy department, on VGold Medal Farmers”, and J. H. Hilton, of the dairy department, on “The Summer Feeding Program”. Tuesday’s program includes Roscoe Fraser, K. N, Rider, and C, W. Garrick, R. B. Cooley, V. C. Manhart and T. E. Hmnton appear on Wednesday. On Thursday the program switches to WO WO with hour programs being given from that
station.
This group of programs is sponsored by the University Alumni Association in cooperation with several other organizations. State High Scliools T® Have Safety Course Miss Marian Telford, of New York City, director of the child education section of the National Safety Council, has arrived at the University for a week to consult with Lieut. F. M. Kreml, safety specialist on the University engineering staff, on the preparation of the manual on safety for Indiana high
schools.
The manual is being prepared at the request^ of the Indiana State Board of Education, which will re quire that a series of 20 lessons on traffic safety be taught to all high school pupils starting with the present semester and continuing
each year.
Sportswomen—Breakfast at the Women’s Gym Sunday at 8. Important business. Everyone be there. Bring ten cents. —BURKLE.
An expert in Neuro-psychiatry
has been added to the Williams
College health department.
THEY MADE NEWS(Continued from page 1) for us to get acquainted with him. This man, L. N. Litteaur, was not recognized by a single one of the students who took the test. Two others were unknown to the group-^alitt Craig, chief ’ of staff in the U. S. Amy, T. Gravsoh, head of ;the AmericRh Red Gross and ‘ for manY years the White House physician. . , - . Average 50 To 70 ,' Professor Hall has made up and given these tests annually for the past five years; in that time the average scores have ranged between 60 and 70. ^Strangely enough, honor students frequently fall 'far below the average marks, while some of their classmates quite unexpectedly
make high grades.
Helen Hall, daughter of the professor who prepared the test, was just as surprised as any one else when the test was given this year. However, her score was the best ever made on one of these quizzes. Miss Hall’s 96 was just .one point higher than the record made by John Alexander several years ago.
Humorous Answers
There is an element of humor attached to the test, as is demonstrated by some of the answers. Leland Andrews, aviator who beat Jimmy Doolittle in 1935, was listed as a politician and member of the cabinet; Melvin Purvis, former G-ttian, was transformed to an AllAmerican halfback from Purdue; J. M. Landis, braintruster in charge of the S, E. C., became a dead Hoosier judge; Paul E. Wirt, deceased fountain pen manufacturer, was listed as a Gary educator; George 11, recrowned king of Greece, was supposed to be celebrating his jubilee as king of England; Eleanor RooseVelt, wife of the president, listed as his daugh-ter;-Cardinal Hayes, Catholic priest in New York fighting birth control, became a government official; Joe Baker (better known as Father Divine), negro Evangelist in Harlem, changed s'ects to become head of the House of David; Carl Weiss, assassin of Huey Long, was listed
as a song writer.
You say with disgust, “What! These are college students getting an education.” But even two veteran newspapermen failed to pass the 84 mark. The test merely indicates how quickly our prominent figures fade out of the public mind. What
price glory ?
but no additional cost to the customer
:^e: added MONITE, MOTH <PROdF: CLeAnINO - to our seryiee because we feel bur custonaers’ clotbes are eutitled to that jpfotection.
r I N E
C L E A N E II S
O F
F I N E
C L O T M E S
QUESTIONNAIRE— (Ccintinued from page 1) 51. Kagawa, Toyohiko ............ 52. King, Machenzie 63* Kingsford-Smith ... 54. Knox, Frank ......................... 55. Landis, J. M ....... 56. Landon, A. M 67. Laval, Pierre 58. Lewis, John L. 59. Lindbergh, Anne Morrow .. 60. Littauer, L. N. .................... 61. Little, Lawson ....... 62. Long, Huey .... 63. Louis, Joe . 64. McAdoo, W. G. 65. McCarl, John R. 66. Mohawk ..... 67. Milne, Caleb J. 68. Moody, Helen Wills 69. “Nine Old Men” ...... 70. Normandie 71. Omaha 72. Owens, Jesse 73. Petillo, Kelly ... 74. Post, Wiley
76. Potato Act 76. Purvis, Melvin .. 77. Quezon, Manuel 78. “Quints” 79. Rich, Adena Miller 80. Roche, Josephine 81. Roosevelt, Eleanor ... 82. Runyan, Paul 83. Selassie, Haile ........... 84. Smith, Sidney 85. Stalin, Josef 86. Stevens, Albert A. 87. Sunday, Billy ........ 88. Temple, Shirley 89. Townsend, F. E. 90. Tugwell, R. G. .. ..:. 91. Van Sweringens ... 92. Wallace, H. A. 93. Ward, Harry F, .. 94. Warm Springs ... 96. Weiss, Carl 96. Wirt, Paul 97. Weyerhaeuser, George, Jr. 98. Wood, Sidney ...• 99. Rogers, Will 100. Hutchins, Robert M,
r-i
0
k W
I
WE’RE READY NOW . . . In the “Junior Shop” with scores of new arrivals in Frocks to glorify
your youth.
IF
With an Eye to Economy.. .It Will Pay You to Mmy Nmw)t . , 4
II
’TWEEN AGE Sizes 11 - 13 15 - 17 19
Meet the Spring in fashions that are gayly young ... styles that express in their every line and gesture the freshness of the newest of new seasons. Bright Prints, Taffetas, Crepes and Sheers ... one and two-piece styles.
JUNIOR MISSES Sizes 10 - 12 14 - 16
years ago were the o-
was s&i
ANY long
Adam and Eve
's on
sphere a go--getter*^
in
Headquarters for Classic Tailored Suits in Junior, Miss and ’Tween Age Sizes!
Our Convenient Layaway Plan at Your Disposal
Small Deposit • Now ... ' Balance on Budget Plan
to go , after what you want or be content to do' without...hut, if you want to contact the student body at Purdue, you can do it best
in