r: .
* ^ *>'^1^1*' C 4 >r~VAnJm»T<>^ iiWi" .Mjv
't
V*. ‘^^r"- J ^.<‘J^&4^ c, =a.':s?:*l
Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette. Indiana, September 17.1937
NUMBER4
Enrollment Figures Total Almost 6,000; 200 More Expected
With the official registration figures available, the Exponent’s estimate of approximately 6,000 students becomes an almost positive one. At the close of registration Wednesday evening, enrollment totaled 5,951, according to an announcement from President E. C. Elliott. This means an increase over the same time last year of 689 students, as last year’s total was 5,262.
Registration is not closed until October 1, however, and a considerable increase in enrollment is anticipated. Last year, during this same intervening period, 245 students were registered. If a comparative number registers late this year, total registration should exceed 6,000 by about 200. This figure would be comparable to the grand total on October 1 of last year of 5,507.
YWCA Entertains
450 At All Co-ed Tea
Co-eds turned out 450 strong for the all co-ed Y. W. C. A. tea yesterday afternoon in the faculty lounge in the Memorial Union Building. Dorothy Bryant, Y. W. C. A. president, who received with Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty sponsor, announced last evening that she was quite pleased with the cooperation of the W. S. G. A. counselors. “More of the freshmen girls came, and with the counselors to usher and introduce, they met more people,” Misi Biyant said.
Autumn flowers centered the lacecovered tea table in the west end of the lounge. Orange punch and cookies were served. Kathryn Merritt played semi-classical music during the tea.
Pamphlets dealing with Y. W. C. A. ana its work and requirements were distributed to all freshman
women and ^ansfer students.
Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Dean Mary L. Matthews, and members of the advisory board of Y. W. C. A. were special guests. ,
Cords^ Mustaches Lure Rhinies Soon
By L. S. Hardin
Corduroys—that word, to Purdue students speaks volumes. Ever since their inauguration as official senior apparel in the fall of 1904, they have announced the approach of the dignified senior as far as the eye could reach.
But even preceding the appearance of the cords at the first home football game, potential cord wearers may be easily spotted. To be sure, the observer must be keen of eye. But at that first game it is the pride and delight* of the senior' to have his upper lip well decoiatcd for the derby parade.
Bad For Barbers
But, unfortunately peihaps, for the barber business, freshmen, at thi, particular season of the year, usually become razor artists themselves. To add to the senior’s chagim, the sophomoies usually turn hoaideis of golden treasures, if pei chance, said treasures fall into the hands. The sophomores, not being so timid as the freshmen, very often fail to reveal theii cord catch e until the very last minute, then to bring the cords forth intact. But the present problem is that of the prevalence of senior mustaches.
Freshmen—Men? Freshmen like to feel that they are MEN. Upperclassmen may scoff at the green potted men, but they are ready to give grudging credit to the frosh who can prove it. Tweezers, as a means of solving' (Continued on page 4)
Englishman Wants Copy Of Prof. Grove's Article
Professor F. W. Greve has just received a letter from Q. M. Sakh, an engineer of London, England, requesting a copy of his recent article on “Parabolic Weirs,” appearing recently in the Procefedings of the American Society of Civil Engineers. Sakh is at present engaged in a study of the proper design of stable river channels.
This Yearns Debris To Feature Purdue
As Part Of World
“Purdue as a part of the world” —new attention to alumni of world renown—^national fraternity men from Purdue—one-fourth more pictures .than ever before—identified informal shots galore—four campus beauties in natural color; thus, the new 1938 Debris, destined, according to Editor Chuck Ehinger and Business Manager Art Sieben^ thal, to be the greatest yearbook ever published at Purdue, is started on its first step down the path to the printer’s shop. Not for many months will the actual pictures take any meaning mr form, but already, in the minds' of the editors, each shot is precalculated, even down to its exact dimensions and location. Now three months ahead of schedule, the 1938 Debris is planned, even to the last page. New, modernistic lines and unique photographic presentations fill all of the '420 pages with everythingL^but blank space.
Debris officials are following a new system of sales promotion this year. Instead of holding everything until the last, they are taking the lid off the dope bucket at the start thus placing the book as it actually is to be, before the students.
Six hundred of the first 1,000 which are to go at $4 each, are already sold.
Co-op Bookstore Opens In Wesley. Foundation
The co-operative bookstore, that was started last semester by Reverend McFadden, is again open for business in the Wesley Foundation any evening from 4 to 5 and 7 to 9 o’clock. Only members of the Purdue Student Alliance, Purdue Cooperative Association, or Wesley Foundation are eligible to do business at the store.
Over 60 books, which were brought in by members last semester, are being offered for sale at prices set by the owners. In the co-operative system used, all of the money received is turned over to the owner of the book; volunteers do all of the necessary Work without charge. According to the officials in charge, the plan is only a tempox’ary measure to be used until a regular co-operative bookstore can be established in a store near the campus.
■M Department Issues Call
For Freshman Managers
The intramuraU department yes- ' ex day issued a call for freshmen to tiy out for the position of Intramural Manager. These managers assist in conducting the intramural poits progiam. They do most of their woi'k in the intramural office am? aie expected to report there at 4 o’clock each week-day afternoon. At the end of the year two sophomore assistant managers and one alternate manager will be chosen. One of these will be elected Intramural Manager at the end of his sophomore year,s and will serve as such during his junior year.
Men serving in these positions will be given a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago. The three assistants will each be given an intramural sweater and the junior manager will receive a “P” sweater.
Klondike Students, Alumni, To Take Over 4-H Broadcast
Saturday morning’s 4-H program which is presented monthly over WBAA from 11:30 to 12 o’clock will be given by teachers, students, and former students of Klondike High School of Wabash township. The program has been arranged by Harry Holt, vocational agriculture teacher, and has nearly a score of persons taking part in the broadcast. All the present or former students, who were either state or national winners in 4H club work, -will tell their stories. Those who will participate in the pr%ram include Eric Holm, county club leader, John McKee, master of the state Grange, J. H. Baker, principal of the school, Mrs. Clyde Gaylord, volunteer club leader, Gordon Myers, Devere Meeks, Robert Arvidson, Everett Wichmann, Edward Klinker, Benjamin Erwin, Alpha Morehouse, Louis McKee, and Lee Woods. The announcing will be done by Clifford Breedon. The 4-H programs have been conducted at least once' a month for several years and a large number of 4-H club groups from Northwestern Indiana have participated in them.
Annual Frosh Mixer
Set For Next Friday
Next Friday, Septemller 24, is the date set last night by Skull and Crescent for the annual freshman mixer to be held in the ballroom of the Memorial Union building from 9 until 12 o’clock. Freshmen will be admitted by the presentation of their identification cards at the door. No dates will be needed as this dance is a tag aifair. Members of the interfraterniEy president’s council, president of P. I. A., and all co-eds are cordially invited to attend. Bud Bryant and his new 13 piece band will furnish the tunes.
Students Strike
For ‘Kid’s Rights’
Something diffprent in school problems occurred at Hamden, Conn., yesterday. The school yard filled with students at the regular time yesterday morning, but when the bell rang and the students began to march, the march took them in the wrong direction. Instead of marching into the building, 900 of them marched on down the stieet in a walk-out strike. Their demands—shorter hours and “recognition of the rights of kids.” Local radio stations are being employed in an attempt to reconcile the striking students. /
WSGA Entertains Transfer
Women, Adivities Leaders
Transfer women and co-ed activities leaders were guests yesterday of the W. S. G. A. at a picnic sponsored by the W. S. G. A. transfer committee m the W. A. A. cabin. The piqnic was a part of the W. S. G. A. program to acquaint new 'vomen with available activities of interest to them. Each of divisional co-ed leaders outlined the work and requirements of hei particular division “to enable transfer students to choose wisely quickly,” Louise Bain, chairman of the transfer committee, stated last night. Deans Dorothy C. Stiatton and Claie Coolidge weie special guests at the affair. Martha Norman was in charge of the foods committee.
EXPONENT STAFF
All sophomore, junior, and senior members of the Exponent editorial staff attend staff meeting Friday afternoon instead of Saturday, at 4 o’clock in Exponent office in Lafayette' because of football game. —BROCK.
First Identification
Cards Ready Today In Purdue HaiKpffice
. Upperclassmen who completed registration on Monday morning, can obtain their Student Identification Cards at the ticket office in Purdue Hall upon presentation of their registration cards beginning this morning.
The Student Identification Cards, which bear a photograph of the owner, entitle the student to free admission to all home athletic contests with the exception of swimming, as well as being honored for convocations and the student health service.
The cards are being delivered to the ticket office as rapidly as the photographs are affixed, and all cards are expected to be ready by early next week.
Scrivener Discusses Plans
For Subscription Campaign
Plans for continuing the Scrivener subscription campaign, which got under why at registration, were discussed last night at a business meeting of the entire Scrivener club in their office in the Memorial Union Building.
Kathryn Boord, business manager, reported the success of the early sales campaign. She announced that subscriptions for the year will still be on sale for 50 cents each at a table in the lobby of the Union.
A changed publication schedule calls for two issues during the first semester and one during the second. The first issue will be out the last of October.
Robert Hume Accepts Post With English Staff
Another addition to the University faculty has been made with the recent appointment of Robert Hume of Pocatello, Idaho, to the English department staff. Hume is the son of Dr. Albert N. Hume, noted agronomist and head of the !§outh Dakota State college agronomy department.
Dr. Hume is a Purdue alumnus of the school of agriculture in the class of 1900 and received his master’s degree here ih 1902. Follov?^ ing this, he went to Germany where he received his doctor’s degree.
Corn and Soybean Field Day
To Present Ag Experiments
The annual corn and soybean field day will be held today at the University Experiment * Station soils and crops farm located at the east edge of Lafayette at the junction of state road 26 and the by-pass for road 152. Held annually, the field day will present to the farmers of the state a summary of experiments on varietitis, rotations, methods, and cultural practices. Twenty-five new soybean varieties, many of them of University origin, have been grown, and 15 different cropping systems have been tried. Of particular importance will be the showing of the great difference between native and foreign clover seed. Sev^ra\ hundred fanners are expected to attend the field day.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
The Exponent work schedule for the remainder of the week will be: Friday night—Night editor, Stanback; issue editor, Tafel; stooge, Vance; sophomores, Olson, -Frederick, Mueller, Farquhar, Kroeplin. Saturday afternoon — Night editor, Bgiley; issue editor, Olson; stooge, Schroeder; sopohomores, Fre|lerick, Tafel, Estey, Mueller, Kroeplin,
Prof.P. C. Rutledge To Talk
On Soil Mechanics In Boston
Prof. P. C. Rutledge, of the civil engineering department, will lead the discussion of a paper presenting a “Review Of The Science Of Soil Mechanics” at an international joint meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers and the Engineering Institute of Canada. The meeting will be held at Boston, Mass,, October 6-8.
The convention will mark: the first meeting of the newly organized soil mechanics and foundations division of the A. S. C. E. The paper is being prepared by Prof. Glennon Gilboy, of the Massac^iusetts Institute of Technology.
The meetings will be attended by civil engineers from throughout the United States and from all of the Canadian provinces.
Indiana Game Holiday
Depends On Senate
Whether Nov. 20, the day of the Purdue-Indiana fciotball game, is to be a University holiday depends partly upon action of the Student Senate at 4 o’clock this afternoon. At its first meeting of the semester in the reception room of the Union Building opposite the west desk, the Senate will consider petitioning the executive committee of the University to /declare an official holiday for that Saturday.
Setting November 20 aside as a holiday would automatically make the preceding Friday and the following Monday penalty dates, under University rules. President Roliyans indicated last
night that other important campus issues would be put before the Sen-
ate toda>
Counselor’s Save Frosh^ Parents
Worry, Failure
Trembling freshmen and their slightly despondent parents were saved wear and tear, worry and failure by the guiding lights of our campus, that is, the W. S. G. A. counselors. These advising chums aided distracted parents in securing rooms, locating restaurants, and saved them many weary steps.'
Registration—that lurking, looming monster who haunts every freshman’s life—has been removed of most power to frighten our youthful co-eds because of the consoling presence of the counselors at the Armory door. For the past few days, upperclassmen have been seeing their freshmen girls through registration tribulations (and devising schedules as weird as those they would make themselves). All «this Week, telephones have been ringing, words of reassurance have been sent over the wires from co-ed counsels or to counselees. Dates, the results of the date bureau, clothes and activities have been discussed.
All in all, this year’s counseling prdgram has been'pronounced a big success by Georganna Huber, chairman of W. S. G. A. orientation committee. The work of the counselors will not, as, formerly, cease with the beginning of classes but will continue throughout both semesters. Regular meetings with lectures will be given for instruction of counselors during the year.
Union Proxy Wants Men To Read Selves Out Of War
“I would rather see students pledge themselves to read such a book as Pi'ofessor Shotwell’s *‘On The Rim Of The Abyss,” thap I would to see them pledge against carrying a gun. The former, I think they could keep.” Union College’s President Dixon Ryan Fox sits down on peace strikes.
Union President Calls
Meeting For Future Ballroom Lessees
All University organizations intending to give dknees in the Memorial Union ballroom during the school year 1937-1938 have been asked by Tom Sheets, Student Union president, to meet next Tuesday evening at 4 o’clock in room F of the Union to determine preference and tentative schedules. Assignment of permanent office space in the Union Building for University organizations will be made only through action of the Student Union board upon petitions which must be submitted )to the ; board by next Tuesday afternoon. President Sheetz stated last night. The petitions are to include a statement of the type of accommodations required by the organization and the reason for their need. Other organizations which intend to meet regularly in the Union must submit similar petitions for assignment of regular meeting rooms. These petitions are also due Tuesday.
Elliott Receives Constitution Replica
A hundred and fifty years of Constitutional freedom, being observed as the sesquicentennial of the signing of the Constitution of the United States, is being celebrated this year by the Indiana Society of Children of the American Revolution and affiliated organizations.
An exact replica of the Constitution has been received by President E. C. Elliott from the C. A. R., and is on display temporarily in the Executive Building. The pictures of the signers of the Constitution may also be seen.
Later, the replica will be placed in the Memorial Union Building.
West Side Churches Will
Welcome Freshmen Today
Members of the incoming freshman class will be welcomed today at dinners and receptions given by the various religious denominations represented on the campus.
At the West Side Methodist church. Rev. W. A. McFadden will meet an anticipated crowd of 250 students at a program in which a puppet show, “The Willow Plate,” .will be presented by Prof, and Mrs. P. H. Patterson, and Martha Whitehead will sing. The time set for the program is 7:30 p. m.
At 6 o’clock, -the annual dinner of the West Lafayette Baptist church will be given in Cynthia J ones Hall. Rev. J. B. Gleason, with the members of the Ladies’ Union, will be host to the new students. Followng a presentation of cabinet members of the Roger Williams Club, a program of music and short talks will be given.
Senior Co-Eds Will Meet
This Evening To Choose A Distinctive Dress Style
Senior women will meet tonight to, discuss and choose recognition regalia. Senior men are recognized by yellow cords; that senior women want a garb by which they can be known from other co-eds, Jeanne Perkins, general chairman of the senior women, said last night.
Dr. Harriet O’Shea, faculty advisor of the group, could not be reached for a statement last night, but Miss Perkins stated that bringing the clues into a closed union, and anything that would foster a closer union is a pet pi'ojeet of Dr, O’Sheas.
rm
m-.A ^
v&ij- y ’f* /
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, Septertiber 17, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
f^sgciated (^llegiate 'j^rcgs
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N Y. CHICAGO • BOSTON > SAN FRANCISCO Los ANGELES . PORTLAND ' - SEATTLE
Editoiial Phone 5037
Campus Subscuptions $3 pei yeai
OFFICE—312 Noith Fifth Street
Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 5038
Mail Subscuptions $3 50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER
D. C. Miller
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergiaduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise acci edited, aie student opinions, and do not necessaiily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session.
Editorial Staff MANAGING EDITOR
J. E. Brock
Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MGR
J. P. Girard
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D A Bailey, L S Hardin C D Schroeder H I Stanback, D R Vance SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ R H Dyer, M S Estey, L C Farquhar, G W Fredericks, K C Houston R E Insley W A Kroeplin G Mueller, D L Olson D Paarlberg J W Richey, G T Tafel, D G Terno, J C Woodson Co-ed Staff CO-ED EDITOR Elizabeth Pyke ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS Mary Davis, Patricia Heme, Patricia Henry Alice Martens Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross Emily Sawdon Georganne Schilling Helen Steffee Kathryn Thrasher, Betty Wickard, Joan Wimborough
Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MGR. R. R. Hensler SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS E A Antonini, W A Beman V R Daugherty, H R Gingher Circulation Staff CIRCULATION MANAGER M C Reeves SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS _ W F Berg, R L Lippman O E Lorenz, W E -Smith Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR R F Obencham ASSOCIATE EDITORS J S Broivn, R L McDonald, B D Witwer SOPHOMORE ASSISTANTS G W Breuer, C W Brown, J Collins, W H Murray, W F Qualls
EXPONENT PLATFORM 1 Improvement of student housing conditions 2 Promotion of student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports 3 Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods New Faculty Appointees Bring Practical Experience To Classrooms Heartening it is to note among new faculty appointees men just out of industry and who also claim pr-evious teaching experience. These instructors bring first-hand knowledge of newest methods employed in business and they have the ability to explain and illustrate these methods to University classes. They are men who have done and can also teach. Too oft^n college professors, rather remote from the actual strife and competition of industry emphasize the theoretical and ideal phases of a subject. Never having learned the practical side of engineering, agriculture, or science, they can scarcely be expected to teach it. Relatively little of his practical knowledge can be imparted by even a seasoned engineer; it is mostly to be acquired by self experience. Evading practicality may all be very well
for students seeking only culture and students who do not intend to enter business after graduation, but Purdue men must possess some working knowledge of the field that they enter. To be sure, a few of the corners will have to be squared off anyway, but unless an engineer has something on the ball at the start he will not last through the roughening up process. Just as industry sends men to colleges and universities for training and for ideas and suggestions on bettering company methods, why should not the educational institutions, especially engineering colleges, reciprocate by requiring their professors to make periodic visits, working visits, to industrial plants.
Many of us went through registration still in a vacation daze, but opening classes yesterday brought us back to earth.
Traditional first semester resolutions to attend all classes should hold up for at least this week—considering the University penalty for missing the fir^t class in any course.
Then there’s the professor, who after writing the name of the class textbook on the blackboard with the information that the book sells for $5, answers the question of who the author is with an “Oh, yes,” and then modestly writes his own name on the board.
What, Where, When? Use Knife And Fork As The Occasion Demands By Sally McKee Emily Post says, “Use the knife spaimgly The edge of the folk can be used foi cutting most soft food ” Let’s emphasize two woids “sparingly” and “soft ” “Sparingly” eliminates, of course, use of the knife as a food conveyoi, but “soft” also eliminates, we hope, the use of the folk as a steak cuttei. As a steak knife, the folk causes the expendituie of much obvious foice and, heaven help Ub, some times results in one’s plate skidding ovei the table The rule in t^ble manneis is to make eating as easy as possible Don’t let it seem to be gn effort to piepare the food foi the mouth The cutting of haid skins on vegetables IS an obvious effort with the fork edge, with a knife it becomes easy Use youi knife spaimgly, but use it to make the job easiei, less noticeable Collegiate By Mary Coolej A student at NYU attended 2,000 burlesque shows in piepaimga thesis for a Ph. D Could Ph stand foi “phew’” Gieek is still Gieek to Texas “U” seniors, because the Greeks had too many words for it Foreign language •xammations taken by Uni-
versity of Texas students proved too much for those who enrolled in Gieek Not one passed An entiiely new and potential cause of war amongst nations has been found by Leonard B McWood, piofessor of music at Dartmouth college. Some of oui national anthems, he insists, are entirely too belligerent and offensive * * H ^ Twenty-nine Terre Haute high school boys petitioned the Indiana State Teachers’ College laboratory department to enroll in home economics classes heretofore reserved foi gills A half dozen aspiied to be clothing designers. Others favored interior decorating But cooking claimed the largest number Some desired training in institutional management, but the majority simply liked to cook and wished to perfect then ability just in case the future wife did not measure up. We wonder what could be the in^tentions of ^he two boys who registered in our University home economics school this week * H< * * Barkers for the Pan-American Exposition in Dallas, Tex , during the past summer were chosen from college campuses. Concessioners found that college men who were not afiaid to stand up and shout could outspiel the experienced barkers. Perhaps some day we won’t even need loud speakers on the campus
>t5
“Then minds aie soft and dormant They do not know how to woik, they do not know how to study, they do not know how to reason, they do not know how to discriminate between the central core of things and the surrounding trimmings.”
These remarks were included in a description of freshmen by t’resident Patrick J. Mahan, S. J, of Creighton University. Class of 1941, it’s up to you to show us' Co-ed Wardrobe Shows New Ideas In spite of all the freaks and fancies of Dame Fashion, the university co-ed has not changed gieatly in appearance from last yeai. As usual hei by-woids jn selecting a campus wardrobe have been conservatism, practicability, and becom ingness This year’s co-ed differs from last year’s by wearing a calot cap placed far back on her head Sweaters and scarfs have retained then classic position in the wardrobe and are often ornamented with love bugs oi similar perfumed creatures e popular phrase concerning hemliites seemes to be, “They’re weai^g 'em higher this year ” The tenancy for ’everything in women^ apparel to change from high to low IS a striking feature in fall fashions. Iregulai hemlines, usually short in fiont and ending in slight trains in back, are featured in rnany daring evening dresses. However, according to one fashion editor, the short dancing diesses are not likely to be accepted by co-eds, as a short dress lacks much of the glamour which a long evening gown gives its wearer.
If all the girls at the University
of Wisconsin purchase 'the shorter skirts in prospect for coming seasons, it will mean that 150 sheep will be thrown on relief, says Aldro
Lingard, “Slide-rule Sage ”
After almost 6,000 people bravely wandered thiough the trials and tribulations of registration, it seems peculiar that those rnnocent Irttle red and white cards on the big board could actually resolve into those horrors of horrors, classes Little jack horner Sat in a corner Eating his registration pie He put in his thumb And pulled out an 8 o’clock And did he swear! Nominations are now in order for WRH queen this year—remember Johnston and Shickler ? When querried what Purdue men did after the first home team touchdown of the year, one freshman said maybe they threw away their pots, so that somebody could collect ’em and sell ’em again. The other said perhaps they would try for a point. The other one wanted to know just what was a touchdown? According to a Chicago newspaper column, there are Neckers, Fetters, Spoonersj and Lovers just abounding in Chicago Just ask any co-ed how conditions are in Purdue Somebody is being gypped. South WRH has four incoming telephone lines, and north hall has but one. It must be terrible for those girls away up north. I bought a wooden whistle and it wooden whistle so I bought a steel whistle and it steel wooden whistle so I bought a lead whistle and steel they wooden lead me whistle so I bought a tin whistle and now I tin whistle Oboe, isn’t that tute?
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
SY'!
Copr 1937 by United J^eatnre Syndicate* Ine
“—so I told him he’d have to offer me the same sort of life I’ve been accustomed to seeing in the movies.”
Old clothes and shoes keep Rex Holmes, a sophomore at the University of Oklahoma, in new clothes and send him through school. Rex buys used suits for about $3 and sells them for $5.
ARC
Today — Saturday “Accusing Finger” with Marsha Hunt Paul Kelly Buck Jones in “Boss Riders of Buck Creek”
Books and buses take up most of the time Joe Bailey, a Creighton University student, once called his own. Every night he diives a bus to a city 70 miles away, sleeps there overnight, pilots a load of people back to Omaha in the morning, and leaches his classes on time.
•mmTODAY - SATURDAY
2 FIRST-RUN HITS
William Boyd in ‘HOPALONG CASSIDAY RIDES AGAIN” — Plus — Scot Colton Jean Rogers in “THE WILDCATTER”
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
TODAY - SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
iraurM ROBERT TAYLOR MARY CARLISLE — Plus — Karen Morley Grant Richards in “ON SUCH A NIGH'F’
feiy ^HhN
’^oday — Saturday DOUBLE FEATURE
—Plus— The Greatest of All Adventure Hits' THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER —-With— Errol Flynn Mauch Twins
One Day Only SATURDAY
A GALAXY OF STARS Presenting $A VARIETY ENTERTAINMENT ONlifeflAfiE hi POLE! ORVILLE VAN SICKLE “The Clarinet Marmalade Boy”
DREAM BOAT TRIO Syncopatin’ Swanee Singers
WINNIE and JINX Goofy, But Great Dancing Girls WALTER TREACHLER The Guy That Gets Rhythm From Bottles ROY CHILDS A Dancing Mountaineer
ROY WARD Slappin’ the Bass CLEO—ZPBE—MAGGIE You Guess?
BUDDY “NERO” McDOWELL He Fiddles While You Burn
ADMISSION
11 30 to 1 00—All Seats
25c
1 00 to 5 00—All Seats _
30c
— After 5:00 —
Mam Floor _
- 40c
Balcony _ _ _ -
30c
Children, All Day -
15c
— Ofi the Screen — Jean Rogers William Gargan in ‘REPORTED MISSING’
LAST TIMES
TODAY
Pfiffir I orrp “think fast ■ rcici Lurre mr. moto”m
1>,
Friday, September 17, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Phillips Plans Revival Of Track Interest With Round Robin Tourney Inler-class Affair Scheduled For Friday, Sept. 24; Sixty-five At Initial Cross Country Turnout
“My ambition is to beat Indiana as soon as possible. It has been done before and we can do it if we really get down and work.” Those were the words of Track Coach Harmon Phillips yesterday afternoon as he talked first to the 65 men who came to the cross country meeting in his office with pure track aspirations, and afterwards to the 40 cross country men who turned out to start off the season. Revive Interest Phillips briefly outlined the plans that he had in mind and mentioned that he "vCfas going to enliven student interest in track or else. Knowing that the trackmen have to have an interest in the sport to put all they have into it, the new mentor said that if the material warranted it, he would see that the team got to do
plenty of traveling as a reward for their efforts. In addition to the regular six scheduled meets, the Central Intercollegiate Meet at Lansing, Mich., has been added to the list as a possible close for the season, if it is successful enough. Mental Outlook From Phillips’ speech it was quite evident that he intends to work on his material from the mental as wiell as the physical .side. Stating that most of the success of a trackman is 95 per cent mental condition he said that what our team needs is a superiority complex and the one way to do this is to get them vitally interested in track and give them self-confidence. As a start to reviving this inter-
GRAND NEWS for College Girls! ft
OVER-THE-KNEE Stockings in Belle-Sharmeer LEG SIZES
Let the winds blow! With BelleSharmeer Over-the-Knees you can cope with shorter skirts and campus breezes in grand style! Their “Lastex” garter makes them
—HERE EXCLUSIVELY-
self-supporting above the knee. Belle-Sharmeer’s individual sizing in width and length makes them perfect-fitting on small,
middling, and talL
$L00pair - 3 pair $2.85 THIEME-WAHGERIN COMPANY 622-624-626 Main Street
A Cartoon . . . But No Joke
/
Looking at this cartoon is like seeing the other fellow’s hat blow off in the wind—it’s fun when it happens to somebody else. You will never have to place yourself in this picture if you bring your car in for a complete overhaul. Small bills amount to too great a sum. Have the job done COMPLETELY at - -
Peter Anderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 4048 525 Alabama St.
est, an outdoor round robin class relay tournament has been slated to start next Friday with the trophy for the winning class, and medals for the event winners donated by Coach Phillips. This is evidence of the lengths to which he plans to go in an effort to lift Purdue track from the Big. Ten cellar and start it on the upward trend. Everyone Eligible Anyone who wishes may enter this tournament, which is to become an annual af|arir. The system under which these relays are to be run has already been explained, and dubs will be as importaht as the track letter men, as four man team records will replace those of individuals. Hard work is to be the watchword of the cross-coi|ntry men and they will start on their two month schedule today when they meet at the iField House and have a brief workout after they get their lockers. Large Turnout Phillips was pleasantly surprised at the turn out for the first phase of his year’s program. Altogether about 12 freshmen braved the terrors of the unknown and signified their intention to keep up their class honor in the sport and seven of last year’s lettermen led the contingent of 28 varsity men who will continue their work on the Boilermaker cinder squad. ' Fehring Inaugurates Fall Baseball Practice Monday ' Fall baseball practice will be launched as an innovation at Purdue University on Monday at 4 o’clock, according to an announcement made last night by “Dutch” Fehring, head baseball coach. For the fall practice, which will continue as long as weather conditions are suitable, the emphasis will be placed on improvinjg the hitting of the squad as a whole. The practice will be in charge of C. S. “Pop” Doan, head freshman coach, assisted by Ward Lambert, Bert Sanders, and Captain-elect Brpslin. Fehring has called all of last year’s hpldover major and minor letter winners as well as- last year’s freshman varsity numeral winners for the fall practice session. All practice sessions will be held on the diamond on Intramural Field.
Fielder’s Choice We said yesterday that Chicago had a small football squad, but Indiana now comes in for top honors . . . if honors they are . . . Only 37 men turned out for the Hoosier ball team and Coach Bo McMillin is tearing his hair. —fc— Maybe by the time we play them they won’t even have enough left for a team . . . then we’d be sure of a victory to solace our mental wounds gathered from a four-year campaign of trying to subdue our southern nemesis. i —fc— There is a good chance that archery will once more take its place among the minor sports in the near future . . . The interest that waned a few years ago has now once more become active, and budding bow and arrow artists have been uncovered by the intramural competition. .1 —fc— Coach Phillips said in yesterday’s track meeting that the old excuse of no place to practice during the winter was now out with the advent of the Field House, and that if the squad didn’t come through he would have to skip town ... or soniething just as desperate. —fc— ' The new Field House track, by the way, is to be made up of clay and sawdust . . . the same as Chicago’s, which is one of the best in the country. —^fc— Carrying on his name as a promoter of relays, Harmon stated he wants to get a relay meet with some major opponent for outdoor track this spring ... As relay events are always the most interesting part of any meet, such a competition should go a long way in reviving lax track interest. temporary Room Schedule Of Physical Ed. Ledures P. E. 13 Armory 104 P. E.'21 Ed. 6 P. E. 31 Ed. 203 P. E. 33 Ed. 203 P. E. 41 Ed. 2^3 and Gym P. E. 43 Training Room
LEARN TO DANCE CORR5]CTLY Adult Class for Beginners Opens Tonight, 7:30 P. M.
ADULT TAP CLASS OPENS 6:30 P. M. ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES IN Ballet, Tap and Ballroom Open SATURDAY, SEPT. 18th Call or Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry
Deac has a full line of YELLO-BOLE PIPES
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
POPCORN Sacks 5c - 10c - 15c—Or in bulk DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
CARBURETOR U. S. Pat. No. 2.082,106 _ VELLO-BOLE ’|25 LATEST DISCOVERY IN PIPES Thi8;^ew way of burning tobacco givM you a better, cooler, cleaner smoke. Updraft of/air from bottom cools smoke, keeps bowl absolutely dryj takes rawness out of any tobacco, improves combustion. Carburetor Yello-Bole also gives you the famous honey-treated bowl, Nothing else has its flavor. At dealers' now.
Freshman Football Players To Meet In Stanley Coulter Hall All fre-shmen with football aspirations, i-egardless of whether they have had previous playing experience or not, are expected to report in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 7:30 o’clock tonight for the first preliminary gathering of the year, according to a call issued last night by Elmer Bui-nham, head freshman football coach. Tonight’s meeting will enable the coaches to obtain full information 4ce^rding all of the candidates and to outline the plans for the year. The yearlings will be addressed by Mai Elward, acting head varsity coach, and ^ill be introduced to the other members of the varsity staff. Freshman coach Burnham will also address the yearlings and introduce the other members of his staff including Sam Voinoff and Claude Reeck. STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE Won Lost New York 82 52 Chicago 80 '57 St. Louis 74 63 Pittsburgh 72 65 Boston 69 68 Brooklyn 62 77 Philadelphia 53 81 Cincinnati 53 82 —Results— New York, 3; Pittsburgh, 0. Boston, 7; Chicago, 0. i Brooklyn, 8-1; Cincinnati, 5St. Louis, 6-8; Philadelphia,
Pet. .612 .684 .540 .526 .504 .446 .396 .393
5. 2-1.
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York ...
91
44
.674
Detroit
'81
55
.596
Chicago
77
59
.566
Boston
-v- 71
61
.538
Cleveland ....
72
64
.529
Washington
64
72
.471
Philadelphia
44 ■
90
.328
St. Louis ....
41 -Results—
96-
.299
New York, 8; Cleveland, 0. Philadelphia 4; St. Louis, 3. Washington,- 7; Detroit, 6.
Purdue ^8 Average Gridman Shown In Composite Picture The typical Purdue football player is five feet 11 inches tall, weighs in the neighborhood of 183 pounds, IS halfway between his sophomore and junior year, and is a typical midwestemer. That is the conclusion reached after “averaging” up Purdue University’s roster of 92 football players who aspire to positions on the Boilermaker combination.! Tlfe Purdue football machine as a whole weighs some 16,818 pounds, about eight long tons of football players. And if some playTul giant wished, he could lay the players end to end and see that they would extend about 544 feet. The giant of the Purdue squad is William Vergane, Michigan City, youth who weighs 238 pounds and is six feet five inches tall. Bill, believed to be the largest wingman on any major college eleven, won his major letter last season and is one of eight promising junior lettermen who will be battling for positions on this season’s team. The smallest member of the squad is James Harper, Ashland, Kan., son of Jesse Harper, former athletic director of Notre Dame University. Young Harper is five feet nine inches tall, and weighs but 135 pounds. He is a sophomore and was one of the most promising of the freshmen to receive numerals last season. Although the majority of the squad is composed of players in the weight range of 180 to 190 pounds, there, are a dozen members who top the 200 mark. The squad of 92 is composed of 20 major lettermen, 10 minor lettermen, 12 reserves, and 50 sophomores. All but 20 members of the squad hail from Indiana or one of three neighboring states.'
WARD MANAGERS WANTED Anyone interested in being^ ward athletic manager come to the intra-mural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at the earliest possible date.
GRiAUDBEARIT
Bylichty
‘T don’t know! It jusj: doesn’t seem to have any pep
the Purdue Exponent Service Duectory
— Hardware —
— Florist ——
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN /
dloih J-IoJdid Inc, 635 Main St. in Luna Thaatro Buildina Phone 7955—8050
— Bitokstores —
PROFESSIONAL
‘‘DEAC”
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A, RISK
Everything for a
DR. HAROLD I. RISK
College Education
DR.ROBKRTG.RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
H. G. RE1SN]BR
400 Schultz Bldg. Phtme 5701mmmmms
, - . t' '
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, September: 17, 1937
The Cossacks Are Gommg
' V nSKXT" J
j-t ' . -31- ^ ‘ ‘V' ' ‘ ^
This group is scheduled to appear on a Convocation program this coming year.
Cords, Mustaches
Lure Rhinies
\
(Continued from pagel)
the situation, are to be recommended, for they can cause no permanent disfigurement. A ^yord of warning, though, in case speed forces the use of a razor. Delipping is a serious offense. Thus it is advised that all lather be left behind and that each razor blade be given at least two full turns at the concrete. . Freshmen, you are here to make your mark in the world. Opportunity is knocking at your door. Is the army of cookie dusters and cord wearers to move to the battle,frpnt unmolested ?
Adult Production Called
Main College Function
“A strenuous program of adult living brings one ultimately to terms with life so that lifp reaches fulfillment. The central business of a college is to produce adults. The central business of the adult mind is to come to terms with life.” Duties defined by Henry M. Wriston, president of Brown University.
American Schooling Would Irritate Aldous Huxley
FOR SALE — “Rachel,” a 1929 Ford sport coupe, in marvelous condition. Tires new, motor perfect, •Splendid upholstery, beautiful finish. Will sacrifice for cash, merchandise or what have you?—H. L. Hawley. Phone 7877.
MODEL A FORD^—^1931 coupe in excellent condition. Call Putze 2352.
FOR RENT—Room and board for one student. Large'desk in the room. 317 Chauncey. Phone 4311.
STUDENTS — Grab this offer quick. Three brand new portable cypewriters for .only $15.00 each. Investigate. C. F- Ebershoff, 605 Main street. East Side. •
LOST—A yelloAv gold Hamilton wrist watch either on the Girls’ Athletic Field or between there and Delta Chi , house. The watch is engraved with Harry Bichsel, Jr., 1936 A generous reward ■will be offered
if watch is returned to same at the Delta Chi fraternity. Phone 4726.
FOR RENT—Modern room near campus and village. 107 Chauncey
FOR SALE—Ford “A” touring. Completey overhauled. Call for Kenney. Phone 2589.
FOR RENT—Large double downstairs room close to campus. 212 Wiggins.
FOR RENT—Room and board. Across from Union Building, 415 State. Phone 57,34. Jack Furstenberg.
FOR RENT—Double room, twin beds, $12 each. 214 W- Columbia.
WANTED—A room inate. Twin beds. Close in. 214 West Columbia.
WANTED—Roommate for fresh-
“1 should have been very unhappy if I had been educated in America. I understand that you in your system can’t cut lectures—When I was in school, I attended on the average of two lectures a week.” A selfexpose by Aldous Huxley, English author.
Competition in college athletics was raised to a higher plane when the University of Southern California aviators flew against the Stanford Indians in their first novel air meet.
Local Ads
TO ADULTS—Two-room furnished apartment, shown by appointment. 511 N. 7th St. Tel. 6.391. FOR SALE—1928 green Nash coupe. Excellent condition. See George Hatfield, 322 Waldron. Phone 66102.
Children’s Dancing Classes OPEN Saturday, Sept. 18th * . Ballet Tap Ballroom Enroll Now Call or Phone 2150 Indiana’s Largest Dancing School A T T triV’Q 6th & Ferry jfViJiJJZilA P. M. Allen, Instructor
ihan student. Dodge.
Phone 76118. 725
FOR ^ALE—By owner. Buick coupe, ’28 model. All new tires, engine like new. Phone 2912 or 6427. $75 cash.
LOSTdnitialed 56227.
-Black leather notebook. E.R.R. Reward. Phone
Notices
Co-operative Bocikstore—Any member of either the Purdue Student Alliance, Purdue Co-operative _ Association, or Wesley Foundation is eligible to purch^e any of the bargains in books at the co-op in the Wesley Foundation. Open from 4 to 6 and 7 to 9 o’clock. Members may also bring in books to sell." —BUCKLES.
soon as they are filled out.
-SCHLUNDT.
Debris Workers—Freshmen and sophomores interested in Debris photography 'meet at the Debris office at, 3 o’clock Sep-
tember 17.
-VERNER.
P. E. W. Horseback Riding-r-Women interested in taking horseback riding _either for credit or as an elective report this afternoon at 4 p. m. at the. Women’s Gymnasium. Bring $6.00 riding fee. —HAZEL’TON.
W. A. A.—Cabin leadership meeting Saturday, Sept. 18, from 2:30 to 6:30 o’clock at the Cabin. All co-eds ar? invited to go. A group meets at the gym at 1:46. Sign up at Women’s Gym, sorority houses, or residence halls. —SWICK.i
Alpha Chi Omega—Meeting Wednesday, September 22, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Uhion Building. All members must be presenl. —MOORE.
Senior Women—Important meeting in the faculty lounge at 4 p. m., September 17. —PERKINS.
P. I. A. Membership Salesmen— Please P. I, A. Orchestra—Practice September turn in activity cards of new members as 17 at '7 p. m. in Tower Room Of the Union
Building.
—SHINN.
Engineering Lectures—Freshman engineers registered in Engineering Problems (G. E. 1) report 8! a. m. September 18 at Eliza Fowler Hall. .... —KNAPP.
Sophomores—Those interested in Debris business or eciitorial staffs, report to the Debris office in Union Building at 4 p. m. today. Editorial candidates bring pencil, ruler, and compass. —EHINGER.
Playshop Production Board—H. Brenmann, June Young, Catherine Ann Cro-
mer, ' Marion Learning, Martha Gillespie,
“ - “ ” ■ ■ mT
Beth McCooi, Cue HoldenJ meet in production office in the Memorial,, Union Building at 4 p. m.. Sept. 17. Important. Bring list of old and new members.
--GLOVER.
Episcopal Students—Freshmen dinner 6 p. m. September 17 in St. John’s church, 6th and Ferry. All freshmen and upperclass Episcopal students are invited. ■ —BRISCOE.
Union—All sophomore girls interested in Union’ work report to the Union office between 1 and 4 p. m., September 17. —KURNER, EASTBURN. WOOD, CROSSlitAN’.
DECK E R’S
have one of the most complete lines of Parker Pens and Pencils 518-20 Main to be found anywhere. , , Phoiie 6477
'H
Come in and inspect our fountain pen counter. A complete line of Parker Pens and Pencils. —
SOUTHWORTH’S
We Carry a Full Line of Parker Pens and Pencils
H. G. (Deac) Reisner
" With Graves Bread Try Our Raisin Cinnamon Loaf
Grave’s quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 Stale, W. L.
5 0 2 3
3 0 7 1
A Yellow Cab to and from the Mixer is the proper transportation
Finest, most up-to-date port£(ble sold today—and the greatest value I That’s what experts say. Three great models — payments
N.aiME ANO ADDRESS
from 7 5to $1.25 per week. (De Luxe Model illustri
rated)
*Tradc-mark for kcy-tcnsion dcvic
ROYAL
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 6477
Because It’s Got What It Takes
It’s CIlok® over any two others combined
A Wholly New and Superlative Model of the Revolutionary Sacless Pen —Parker’s Speedline Vacumatid!
stop today at any good pen counter and see Parker’s latest and greatest achievement—-the Parker Speedline Vacumatic. A princely new model of the Pen that does what no other pen can do. Here’s a new all-time high in ink capacity, yet size reduced to a slender, restful Speedline. A Pen that shows the ENTIRE ink supply—shows w|hen to refill ‘—hence one, that neiier runs dry in classes or exams.■"’il ' , The world’s smartest style-^ Parker’s exclusive laminated Pearl and Jet—wholly original.
And not merely modern in style, but modern also in mechanism. Its revolutionary SACLESS Diaphragm Filler radically departs from earlier types, whether they have a rubber ink sac or not. A patented invention—GUARANTEED mechanically perfect. Once you try this pedigreed Beauty, with its marvelous Scratch-Proof Point, you’ll, feel sorry for anyone who doesn’t have it. Go and see and try it today. The Parker Pen Co., Janesville, Wis.
Makers of Qixink, the new pen-clean-ing.writing ink. 15c, 25o and up.
er VACUMATIG=^Sf&.
^JSO %
HOLDS 102% MORE INK THAN OUR FANpiSTlOOFOLD
GUARANTEED MECHANICALLY PERFECT
Pens, $5, $7.50, $8.75, $10. Pencils to matcfi’, $2.50, $3.50, $3.75, $PS^