NOVELTY MIXER Irv Given Will Play Tomorrow—See Story
Eitabllshed 1889
^ ' On To Tokyo
ANIMAL SECTION Depicfts Outstanding Characters On Page T
Volume 53, No. 190
West Lafayette, Indiana
Friday, May 15, flNjE
Foreign Correspondent Will Speak Tonight
) *>
Senate Presents Vacation Plan
Asks Executive Committee For Day's Recess On July 3 At their regular bi-monthly meeting last Tuesday the Student Senate unanimously passed the following recommendation to the Executive Committee of the University: “Inasmuch as we believe that the value of improved student morale would far outweigh the value of one day’s work in the school program, we, the Purdue Student Senate, do hereby recommend that the Executive Committee of the University make Friday, July 3, 1942, as well as Saturday, July 4, 1942, a vacation period.” Senate officials stated that they are sincere in their belief that a rest period, coming thus in the middle of the semester, would provide a welcome re-
lief to the students and would result in increased efficiency on the
part of the student body.
Committees Named
The following committees were also named at last Tuesday’s Senate meeting: publicity-handbook committee with Dave Frost as senior advisor, P. G. Miller as junior executive, Don Brewer and Tom Spitler; Lost and Found committee with Jack Sandleben as senior advisor, Ed Fingl, Phil Woolery, Floyd Hammel and Dick Collister; Faculty Rating Committee with Bob Wilcox as senior advisor, Gor-
don Hoffman as junior executive l-^t^Monchiy night, praising the Miller bourse. Bob King and Bill Lafayette, West Lafay-
1: a'Hl Tippecanoe county for the
very active part they are taking in
Given's Band To Play For Novelty Mixer
Tomorrow
Night
James R. Young, Veteran Writer, To Discuss *Tar East In Turmoil*^ James R. Young, noted far eastern correspondent and author of “Behind the Rising Siin,” will speak on “The Far East in Turnfoil” tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the Music Hall. This program is the second in the series of summer convocations, and brings to the campus a speaker who has spent thirteen years in Japan and who returned to the United States only a year ago. Young started his newspaper career in Illinois, and his foreign service began with a trip to Africa with his cousin. He next turned up in Germany and shipped as a sailor to Japan. Soon after arriving in Japan, Young became advertising manager of Tokio’s English-laitg- — —— '•uage newspaper, “The Japan
Advertiser,” and manager of
First Union mixer of the summer semester to be presented in both ballrooms tomorrow will feature Irv Given and his campus band. Attendance at this novelty dance will serve as a basis for determining the number of mixers and importance
of bands to be presented in the future.
With a theme of “What’s the Lucky Number,” the dance
will feature a fishbowl erected in the center of the floor. The ing boards of the Purdue Research Foundation, three as alum-
Research Foundation Elects New Boards Four graduates of.^the University were added to the guid-
Royster Praises War-Time Projeds At YWCA Meeting Defense Council Head Lauds Women's Work Paul F. Royster, chairman of the Tippecanoe County Civilian Defense Council, spoke at a special meeting of the Lafayette YWCA
bowl wi|l contain an unknown quantify of beans. Dancers will be eligible to guess the number of beans in the bowl in competition for a number of complimentary tickets to future mixers. Cards on which contestants may place their guesses along with their names and addresses will be placed near tile bowl, and winneis will be announced at approximately
iO o’clock.
Novel Background The background will consist of a dark and light blue cambric containing the spangled letters “WHAT’S THE LUCKY NUMBER’’ along with numerical sug
High School Grads To Take Special Course
the Tokio branch of the International News Service and
King’s Feature Syndicate. Young was one of the five cor-
respondents to attend! the ancient ceremonies for the coronation of the
present emperor of Japan. In speaking of the present sitn-
ni counselors, and one as a director, at the annual meeting of a^ion in the Far East, Young says the Research Foundation held Wednesday at the University, that despite the performance that The new director is Fritz Ernst, Chicago industrialist, head the Japanese have put on so far,
of the American Steel Foundries, who succeeds the late W. H. Winterrowd of Philadelphia, Pa. The new alumni research counselors are Secretary of
School WilF" Offer Basic Engineering
are
Agriculture Claude R. Wickard, Burdette S. Wright, Buffalo, N. Y., vice-president and general manager of the Cur-tiss-Wright airplane manufac-
Many graduates of Jefferson and tliring company; and Fred C.
Kroeger, Indianapolis, vicepresident of General Motors Corp., and general manager of the Allison Company, makers of airplane mo-
tors.
with Wade Neal as senior advisor.
Dick Lundquhit as junior executive, projects. The meet-
Dorothy Canfield, Roger Moynahan
ing was planned to acquaint the
West Lafayette high schools aie expected to enroll in a ten weeks’ summer school which the University will offer on the campus starting early in June. This training in
gestions. Band fronts will also con- the fundamentals of engineering „ ,. „ ^ sist of a blue backeiound and shoW will aid boys and girls in obtaining Honorary Degrees backi,«»<l 5ho« incinstrie.. Ernst is of the 1900 class; Wick-
ard and Wright of the ’15 class and
Annual Personnel Conference Opens In Union Today Elliott Will Deliver Welcoming Address
match in Uncle Sam’s planes and pilots. In the first place Japan is totally deficient in every essential war material and lacks reserve mater-
ials.
Japs Use Imported Parts In aviation as in the auto industry, the Japanese have collected parts from all comers of the globe. They have been using French carburetors, American piston rings, German and Italian cylinder beads, Swedish ball bearings and all l^d^ of machine tools plus American cotton, Dutch rubber and imported
and Dick Welty; and the Personnel being done
Committee with Jackson O’Connell
as senior advisor, Ross McKee, Bar- part being taken by bara Wiley and Kathleen Gannon. women and women’s organiiiiations. Tile Senate also approved Presi- Mrs. David Callahan, chairman of dent Joe Neff’s appointment of Dick the defense committee, presided. Collister to fill the vacancy lefy by praiscs War Work
Judd Vear, sophomore Senate rep rescntative-elect, who did not reg isterfor the summer semester.
Prof. Estey Discusses New Price Ceilings At Speakers' School New price ceiling arrangements and their effect upon the consuiucrj of Tippecanoe counly and sin rounding areas will be explained to a group of speakers by Prof. J. A. Estey of the University economics department at a one niglit spcakcis’ school to be held at the Union next Thursday at 7 p. m. The school is sponsoi’cd by the 0PM. Professor Estey will explain the economic problems which liave made price regulation ncccssaiy, and he will present an analysis of the effect of price regulation on the consumer. It will be the job of the attending speakers to pass on this information to the consumer public during the following week. Effective Speaking Taught Prof. A. 11. Monroe and Prof. P. E. Lull of the speech dcpaitment .•will suggest ways of presenting those facts effectively to the consumer groups throughout this area. How this extensive speaking program can be coordinated with newspaper cooperation will be explained by T. R. Johnson, director of the University bui’cau of information. The school, one of ten in Indiana, is being conducted in connection with 0PM schools of the same type which are in progress throughout the country in various centers as pai t of the program of consumer information. Debris Will Hold Photography Callout Debris callouts for all freshmen and sophomore men and women interested in photography will be hold in the workshop in the sub-basc-ment of the Union next Tuesday at 4 p.m. The students should have a basic knowledge of the fundamentals of the subject, and instructions will be given for a few weeks to acquaint the workers with the routine.
Royster reviewed the active and able participation by women in many local war-time projects, pointing out what they have accomplished in the Red Cioss war fund drive for $20,000 which was over subscribed 'by nearly .$2,000, what they contributed to the “MacAitliur Week’’ bond sale drive, what they are now doing in connection r\;illi Lafayette “clean-up’’ week, how they have rc.sponded to the nurses’ aid training course, the way in which they participateil in the .sugar rationing iirograin, and the way in wbicli they aic taking up canteen service training and
work.
War Effort Requires Time Royster also took occasion to laud the efforts of all citizens, especially the rationing board and leaders of all projects. He said, “We niu.3t realize, however, that the all-out war effort means that wc will have to continue to give and give and give of our time, efforts, and rcsoui CCS if we are to win this war. We will be called upon constantly to put our greater effort into backing up our men in the aimed foices and our local people aie ic^ponding in a fine way.”
See Editorial President Elliott exjihiiiis draft deferment proceedings and par- ^ iiciilars in page 2 editorial. ' Zouaves To Perform At Indianapolis Tech Order of Zouaves is planning a trip to Indianapolis next Frida.y fo take part in the defense .section of the Supreme Day program at Arsenal Technical High .School. Supreme Day at Tech corresponds to Gala Week and Open House at the University. Sixteen members of the squad with their captain, A. L. Jackson, will leave the University Fiiday afternoon. Duidng the past few days the squad has been drilling and planning their part of this program. Besides the Zouaves, there will be a rifle squad from Fort Hari'ison, an ROTC platoon from Tech’.s own unit, and other organizations pertaining to defense.
an animated bean in a spangled de-
sign.
The dance will be between the regular hours of 8:30 and 11:30. New students are especially urged to attend in order to swell the attendance enough to warrant presentation of nationally - known “name bands” iii the futuie. The regular mixer price of $1.10 per couple will picvail. Everet Conder . . . ’31, was ordained to the Diaconate at St. Luke’s Church, EvanisJLon, Illinois, by the Right Revel end Wallace E. Conkling, D.D., Bishop of Chicago, yesterday. Orientation All new students of Hie Summer Term are required to take a series of orientation tests wliich ivill be given in Eliza Fowler Hall Saturday afternoon, May 1(), beginning promptly at 1. Failure to take these testa at the time and place indicated, will cause suspension from clas.ses plus a penalty fee of $2. --GOLDSMITH
Seeking answers to some of the aluminum,
increasingly difficult personnel imprisoned Two Months
problems facing industrial manage
Meeting Monday
The program will be explained Ki’oeger, of the ’ll class. All hold ment in connection with the war in detail at a meeting of students I'onoi’ary degrees from the Univer- effort, the thirteenth annual Perand their parents in room 101 of sonnel and Industrial Relations Michael Golden Shops next Mon- officers and three other Confei'ence will open in the Union
day evening at 7:30. Interested stu- directors were re-elected as foldents from all high schools in Tip- io^s: President, Dr. E. C. Elliott, pecanoc County are invited to at- Pi’esident of the University; vice-
president, David E. Ross, Lafay-
The summer session will include ctia, president of the Boai’d of mathematics, drawing, chemistry, Trustees of the University; secreelements of engineeiing, and in- tary-ti easurer, R. B. Stewart, Uni-
this morning with President E. C. Elliott delivei’ing the welcome ad-
dress.
Following Dr. Elliott, L. A. Apply, vice president of Vick Chemical Company, who is now serving as expert consultant to the Secre-
dustrial processes and materials, versity controller; research direct- tary of War, will speak on “All-Out
Classes will meet seven and one- G. Stanley Meiklc; directors, J.
half hours daily, Monday through Friday, and four and one-half hours on Saturday. The only cost to students will be for text books and other materials. Administrators of ESMDT say that completion of this training will qualify boys and girls for more rapid advancemont and gioaler rc.^ponsilnliLy in the induslrieo that employ them. It will enable them to continue with specialized eiigi-
K. Lilly, Indianapolis, chairman of the board of the Eli Lilly Company;
Mobilization of Man-Power.” Other speakers during the morning session will be T. E. Lane, president of
D. W. Buchanan, Chicago, presi- the Indiana Personnel Association
dent of the Old Ben Coal Corp.; and L. W. Wallace, Cleveland, indus-
trialist.
Reports by President Elliott, Meikle, and Stew'art showed rapid expansion of the leseaich piogiam since the Foundation came into being in 1930 and especially duiing the past year. The Board received at its meeting a gift of $1,000 from
E. Goldlhwaile, a 1911
and industrial relations manager of Lever Brothers Company; and Earl Beck, pex'sonnel director of Eli Lilly Company in Indianapolis, with W. E. Vogler, personnel director at the University presiding.
Dietz To Speak
Afternoon speakers will be J. Walter Dietz, associate director of Ti’aining With Industry of the War Production Board, who will discuss
necring courses in night school.
The University will award cer- George
tificatoH to those who successfully alumnus, and now an engineer and “New Skills for New Supeiwisors”; complete the coiu’se and will en- industrialist in New York City, to K- J- Greenley, acting chief of the deavor to place them in the war support a graduate fellowship or personnel division, Carnegie-Illinois production jobs for which they are - educational project for which other Steel Corporation, discussing “Se-
best fitted.
funds were not available.
Arthur The Rat
Animal Section Transient Steer
lective Service and the Labor Supply Problem”; and Capt. K. E. Kline, of the Public Safety Institute at the University, who will speak on “Present Day Requirements for Industrial Protection.” Dean A. A
Although he was the friend Of hundreds of high-placed Japanese businessmen and government oSt* cials. Young was imprisoned lait year for 61 days in solitary confinement. “Your articles about Japan’s army in China are unfavorable.-WA are very sorry. Please come fot A short visit,” Japanese officials ex(See JIMMY YOUNG, page 4) Industrial Protection Conference Reports Increase In Accidents Injuries of persons working in Indiana industries dui’ing 1941 increased more than 50 percent over 1940, it w'as reported yesterday at the Industrial Protection Conference held at the University with approximately 325 persons attend*
ing.
The need for a well organized plant safety program was emphasized by Prof. H. F. Owen, University industi’ial engineer, and G. O. Martz, supeiwi^sor of the Indiana Ordnance Works at Charlestown, explained the need for a well balanced protective program includ-
Potter, Dr. F. B. Knight, both of
By R. A. Spencer The line of nude sludco forms on the right. As the hapless examinees pass through a small office, a rude voice interiogatf's them with the equally rude question—“How’s yer speech?” To one unaccu.stomcd to such a question, it takes him for a loss. BeCoic he can think of an iiilelligent answer, u paper is thrust into his hands. “Here, read this!” Arthur The Rat “Aithur was a little rat who could never make up his llighty mind. His mother—” “Thai’s enough.” Then—“Give him ‘art’ two.” No one of the tested knew what the “art” meant, but as far as the “s” whistlers and stutterers w'ere concerned, ‘’art two” meant speech clinic. What Iluppeiicd To Art Perhaps many of the freshmen (they all read at least two lines of “Arthur”) wondered whatever hapliencd to the little fellow. Those who were foitunate enough to go to the speech clinic leai ned of the ultimate demise of the fiivolous creatures; those Who didn’t will bo in constant apprehension as to his story. Although only a minor character in Purdue’s inatiiculation routine, Arthur the lat is known to all ficshmcn as the little lodent who was piactically ^human. Having been an “art two” myself, I feel relieved to have known the fate of Arthui, even though he died a miserable death paying for his loose life. His was a story which will be remembered not for the moral, but foi Arthur the personality.
the University, and Howard M. Dirks, pel sonnel director of the
By Art Hunter
Loyal Alumnus IV, grand champion steer at the 1941 Inteiiiational Livestock Exposition, who started
his national tour last January with exhibitions in the afternoon sessions.
Delegates To Attend Convo
Music Hall, tlie Jeff High School auditorium and the Lafayette Court House square, has returned to Indiana again to climax his five month tour of triumph.
Guards Do Not Need Guns Highlighting the conference was
Perfect Circle Company, will seive address by E. L. McMi^n* as presiding officers during the South Bend, an official of the Stude-
baker Corporation, on police protection in industry. In his discuS-
The annual dinner will be held in sion, he expressed the opinion that the Union this evening with T. E. industrial guai-ds need not carrjr
Lane as toastmaster. Delegates have also been invited to attend the
The Champion who, pound for pound, has received Jai^es R. Young convocation.
more publicity than any beast of similar strain in recent years, will ariive in Crawfordsvillc next Wednesday foi a showing in the Firestone store there at 8 p.m. On the next day the steer will be transported to Greenfield in his especially designed custom-built luxury tiailcr-palace which is provided with running watci and air conditioning to safcguaid the delicate 1,010 jiound flame of the Champ.
Sold For $3,250
A final Iloosier appearance will be made by Loyal Alumnus IV in Newcastle next Friday before he travels back to Akion, Ohio. The steer was purchased by Leonard Firestone, of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, for $3.30 per pound; and shortly after the $3,260 transaction he was taken on his extensive tour to show the fat mers and stockmen of America the ideal type of market steer to produce. Ralph J. Failoi, advance representative for the steer’s appearance, stated recently that Royal Alumnus now tips the scales at 1,015 pounds, which is only 32 pounds more than he weighed when in the show ring at the huge Chicago Exposition last December.
guns while pei’forming their service. He stated that guards should be well trained and should report irregularities to the police instead of handling the situation them*
selves.
The function of the Indiana Defense Council and the assistance it offers to industries was explained by Frank Millis, Indianapolis, deputy director of the organization. Russell Johann, educationeil director of the State Fire Marshal’s Office, discussed the nature of materials having an incendiary property and the cause of fires. The services of his office are pledged to industry for the training of ad©-
“War Art,” an exhibit pointing quate protection personnel, out the pait played by art in war- Stiver Explains Police Work time, will be shown in the street The Indiana State Police floor foyer of the Music Hall at to- described us “the greatest tno^il© niglit’s convocation. policing unit in Indiana for etnoKThe display was prepared by the gencies” by Don Stiver, Indiaoitpexhibit committee of the Student olis, superintendent of the ataifi Art Guild and has just returned police. He described the servic^ fiom its showing at the convention rendered by his organization, iilof the Western Arts Association in eluding emergency communication! Kansas City, Mo. This will be its and planning of military tral8| first showing at the University. through the Hoostor state. ,
Exponent Board
There will be a meeting for all
members of the Exponent editorial board this afternoon at 4 in the Agricultural Experiment
Station conference room.
—AMOS
Art Guild To Display War Art At ConvoX
Puedue Exponent All-Amerijcan 1940-'41 Offices Editorial and Business, Pufif^a Memotial Mt>ian, Phone 4005 Sporh, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m , 5377
Bditpr m>Cliie( — Nersa B«B»r >« Maoasrinir Editor Bonmso* Menascr Circniation Manager Coed Editor
John F« Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong William D Millard Ken K Gjemre Alice ChatBcId
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorial Staff B. W Boswmkle D L Bute W G Hoskins ii P Hunter D W Och Itrec W L Ratcrt Spoils Staff » E Brewer J S Da\ m E L Karpick Coed Staff Sall> Beall Charlotte Hass Joan Lauer Business Staff Coed Bnsineu Mftnacer Julia Martin AdvoTUBinR Mfiiiaicora J M Wright D L JohnBOn CirhHlation Manager G H Klouman Accounts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Keim
Staff For This Issue Night Editor Hoskins Sports Editor Dawson Day Editor Beall Isaue Editor Fawcett Reporters Freima Hudson M ph\ SI I oski Simpson Vatik Millpr _________ Entered as second class matter at the post office in ^tay ette, Indiana under the act of Copgxess of March 3 1879 °ud at the special rate of postage preTided for j act of October 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Wednesday Friday and Sunday mornitigs durmg the sum mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall and Winter semesters Delivered locally by earner for $1 2j for summer semester mailed subsenpUons $1 50 Represented for national advertising by National Advertisingi ^erwee Inc. College Publishers RepriBsentntivca* 43^ Madison Ave New “^ork N Y
V SjUWJUJL Y StMfiSA.
Exponent Editorial Page
qUYttSHMIOK h ^ r t ^ Wp nnnrnvfi nf f:lip Rfanrl nf cn
Notice To Draft Registrants To The Students who are Registered for Selectne Sert ice Several students are now recening thpir selective service questionnaires The following instructions have been prepared for vour information and guidance Purdue University is prepared at all times to recommend deferment of military service for satis fact-orv students in conformitj with the selectii^e service regulations I IMTI \L DEFERMENTS The Selective Service law and regulations author ize deferment of militar5 service for students who are in preparation for a piofession or occupation es sential to national health safety or inteiest’ and in u hich there is a present or probable shortage or scarcity of trained persomiel After the students receive their questionnaires and not until then they should consult the Head of the School or Division concerned relative to recommenda tion for deferment and any other documents support ing their claims for deferment which should accom pany their quesDonnaires when returned to the local board concerned 1 he Head of the School or Division will supply each student with two copies of Selective Service Memorandum No 14—one copy to accom panj the student s questionnaire to the local board and the othei copy to be sent to the Pi esident s Of fice along with Selective Service Memorandum No 15 by the°"Head of the School or Division If the rec ommendation from the Head of the School or Division IS approved by the Pi esident of the University the completed form No 15 will be mailed to the local board concerned II REN EM VLOI DEFERMENTS Each student who wishes to apply for renewal of deferment must get in touch with his Head of School or Division The Heqd wRl initiate such a recommen dation on Selective Service Memorandum No 31 If such deferments are to be renewed recommendations to the effect must reach the local board not later than ^ ten davs before the expiration date of the previous deferment Students are advised to get in touch with the Head of the School or Div ision concerned a month prior to the expiration date of the previous defer nient Edward C Elliott President
Friday, May 15,
WMA Schedules
FRIDAY
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen Russia Ignored Huirs Warning Previous To Germany's Attack; Industry, Labor tncrease Output WASHINGTON, May 16—Secietaiy of State Hull,
We don’t approve of the stand of conscientious objectois We ^ ^5 News feel that they aie foolishly shortsighted in believing a fiee Morning Melodics country can be maintained by people who are not willing to Music defend it in times like these However, since Ameiican law or lo 45 Theatie of Song qnstoni has niade provision foi people like this, we see crimson lO 55 News when a public official, like Judge Michael Igoe m Chicago, re- H 00 Music
fuses to iecogni7e then light to the beliei
_ Several days ago Judge Igoe sentenced a philosophy student 00 Agncultujal Foium who harrnTountameeJs'Lirmen^^^^^^^ from Northwestern, ordered a sympathizer from the coiut- 1215 Meet the Hand diavvei of his desk a clipping fiom the Russian news room and denounced several woffien spectators for encourag- 12 45 Music papei Piavda which about a yeai ago said some veiy mg objectoiS, all in Olie outburst News uncomplunentaiy things about him Secietaiy Hull It is unfortunate that a fudge should feel the Ulge to exhibit 1 on sometimes takes the clipping out of the drawei and extieme belief in America, (if not m the piinciples of m- ^ Slows it to liens , , q „ . dividual fieedom we cheiish) at this time It seems likely that ‘Last June he sayaj'‘ t asked Sumner Welles to 1 a i ,1 see the Russian Ambas^doi Mi Oumansky to wain he was interested moie in crying his Americanism m a loud his goveinment that Geimany was going to attack voice to impiess the populace With the greatness of his fudge-
Russia This was almost a month befoie the attack ship
This war will nevei be von by the conscientious obiectors who aie sent to lail 01 camp Howevei, neithei will it be won by
fudges who spend then time condemning them
and we had veiy lehable infoimation that Hitler was
going to turn against his ally
Several days afterward this appeared in the pa
per ”
Whereupon Mr Hull exhibits a trani5ilttion of the Pravda article with the headline Senile Capitalist Stirs Trouble between Russia and Germany About three weeks later the Russian German vvai started ^ ‘ Why didn t you talk to Ambassadoi Oumansky youiself’ one fiiend asked Mi Hull I did not like that man was the piompt leply Note —Many othei s agieed with Secretaiy Hull 4bout ex Ambassadoi Oumansky so much so that Stalin recalled him His successoi Ambassadoi Lit vinoff IS highly popula; • War Production Thp ovei all picture on the wai pioduction fiont continues to be cheeiing Inclustiy and laboi aie do ing a gieat job In Apiil the output of wai supplies hit a level which if maintained the lest of the yeai will leach the stupendous volume in teims of money of $40 000 000 000 This IS very good news indeed It marks a tieipcn dous change from 0PM days onlj a few months back let pnvatelj WPB insideis are shouting no hur
lahs
Ihey feel strongly that the rate of production shquld be n^uch grqatcr Also that it would be greater excqpt for one factor Donald Nelson S failure to houseclean his staff of certain key doRai a yeai as sistants who aie still thinking in terms of business interests fiist These men aie chaiged with sole lesponsibility foi a numbei of seiious bottlenecks—including lags in the flow of law mateiials scrap collection plant convei Sion and the integiation of thousands of little plants with vast pioducing potentialities into the wn pio
giam
Note —WPB chiefs long undoi fiie on these
grounds aie Philip Reed head of the Buieau of In dustiies Blanches W H Hsiiison diiectoi of the
Pioduction Division Lessing Rosonvvald
-pianist
-singei
Maybe They Need The Gas Our Congiessmen m tiue congiessional, or perhaps we should say Ameiican style have signed up for the “X” gasoline lation caids almost to a man These cards entitle “officials on Fedeidl business” to an unlimited supply of this vital fuel Our Congressmen seem to feel that it is fine for others to walk 01 iide bicycles but that it haidly is fitting for persons of their position Their standing demands moie than an oidinary “A” caid 01 a special “B ’ caid foi people who drive to woik We mustn t lose sight of the fact that they are working to sohe the gasoline situation and to help the people less fortunate than themselves A special Senate committee has finally been appointed to investigate gasoline transpoitation in the East Aftei all, the Scnalois and Representatives aie just taking caie of themsehes like the farmers who want others wages cut but the prices of then products increased and the laborers who want lower food prices and higher wages and the employ ers who warrt greater profrts, lower taxes and lower labor costs Maj be they really need the extra gasoline to return to their home states and pacify the people who thought it unfair for them to rote themsehes a pension a shoit time ago
Sludenf Union lo Hold Or. J. h. Martin
Callouis Wednesday
Student Union will hold n callout next Wcdncbdaj it 1 p ni in the
in chaige Union OlficL foi ill thud semestei
piolcbsoi of poultiy hus buidiy went to t hitat,o yebtciday to address the Uhieac,o Faimeis As ociation it the Union League Club on the subjeet of Hens and
the M u
1 45 Maikets
1 66 News
2 00 Stoiy a Day
2 15 Tieasuiy Stai Paiade 2 30 Mis C W Ilemmci-
2 55 News 3 00 Music
3 30 Maijone Willivnison3 45 Music '
3 55 News
4 00 Tea Tune Tunes 4 30 Ml A P Stewaits Music Oiganizations 4 45 The Cuiio Man
4 55 News
5 00 C impus Roundt ible
5 30 Vespeis
5 45 Little Miss Muflrett
5 55 News
6 00 Dinnci IIoiu 6 30 Spoits Review 6 46 Next 'Mecl it Piudue
6 65 News 7 00 Music
7 oO Albeiti Sehm ulel—singei 7 45 Music ■*
7 56 News
8 00 WBAA Bun Danee 8 30 Russ Gj lefnitii—pi unst 8 4o Eventide Lehoes 9 00 Music ina
9 55 News
10 05 Off the All Foundation To Play Intcrciass Game Uppeiel issmcn of the Univeisity Chiistian Foundation w 11 play the ficshmen in a game ol softball to moiiow at 1 30 p 11 on the Russell field A full tmn out is expected as this IS a tiaditional custom GiiK ait also invited eithei to tale put 111 the -.line 01 to witch
SArURDAY 9 66 Npws
10 10 The Cm 10 Man 10 16 Moining Melodies
10 30 Music*
10 45 Theqtie of Song
10 65 News
11 00 Just Kids
11 16 Music 11 55 News
12 00 Woman Shopper 12 16 Meet the Band 12 45 Markets
12 65 News
1 00 Radio Stage
1 45 Music 1 55 News
2 00 The Stamp Club
2 15 Sciipt
2 30 Musical Albums
2 56 News 3 00 Music
3 16 Aftei noon Melodies 3 30 Tea Time Tunes 4 30 WPA Piogi im 4 45 The Curio Man
4 56 News
5 00 Just Relax 6 30 Go To Chinch Suiid ly 5 46 Little Miss Muttett
5 56 NeVvs
G 00 Dinnei IIoiu G oO Spoits Review G ^5 Weights md Mcisuies
G 6a News 7 00 Music
7 16 Home Dclen''e 7 0 Puade ot Busincos
7 45 Mu le 7 65 News 8 00 Music
8 oO 1 lom flu P ess Box with
Stew Wolfe
S 15 Eventide Leh les
8 55 News
9 00 Unit n Mixci B uid
9 0 Mu le 9 55 N ws
10 05 Cft the All
Major Ray W Wakeland Ray Wakeland, 11, has been made a Majoi in the All Coips and has repoited for duty at Maxwell Field Montgomeiy Alabama Wake land saw service in the last war and has tollowed his civil engineeiing careei ever sincfe Wakeland & tamily lives in Indianapolis and his hon, Heniy is a junioi in the Mechanical Engineeiing School Lieutenant Ross Harness Ross Harness ’27, formei pi esident of the Alumni Club of Pittsbuigh has been made a Fust Lieutenant in the Field Aitilleiy and is assistant post intelligence officei at Foit Stoiy, Viiginia Licutunant L, G LeFavour Lawitnce G LeFavoui, 23, who has been secietaiy ol the Puidue Club of Detroit foi seveial yeais is leaving today foi Fort Monmouth New Jcisej, wheie he is to be commi siontd a Fust Lieutenant m the Signal Coips of the United States Aimy Ho yard Lipstreu Howaid Lipstreu, LaPoite, took the first ste]) toward a career in Naval aviation last wei k when he wa= enlisted for flight Gaining in the Navy au force He vyill report soon Dming his jeais at the University, he played varsity tootball ’ Jan Bariett Carter Jan Barrett Carter, a former University stuejent from Hazen, Ark, was recently appointed 4 Naval Aviation Cadet and was trdnsferred to the Naval Air Station at Pensacola, Fla , tor flight training
of sciap collcctionb ind C II Matthieson Piioiities chief • An Old, Oid Story These vital weaknesses in the pioduction piogiam aie nothing new They weie at the bottom of the tiagic failuie of CPM What IS new is that aftei five months of w u ind heavy U S losses these failings have not been lem edied and the men laigelv lesponsible toi them le main 111 eontiol Eoi example Aftei the explosive resignation from V\ PB of Robeit Guthrie Kentucky business man be cause ot the business as usual attitude of high M PB officials an older was belatedly issued to halt radio production on Apnl 23 That w'as thiee weeks ago but radio sets aie still being turned out in large numbers \fter the stop older was issued with a fanfare ot publicity the ordei was qiiiellj modified without iiiv publicity to permit the pioduction of an additional 100 000 radio sets Similaily the tjpewiitei industiy which could be convei ted in a few weeks to piodueing luge quin titles ot despei itely needed an pi me puts is still peimitted to loll ilong in high geai making typewiit eis Theie aie many othei cises ot bif lesouices in machines mateiials ind laboi ,-oing to wiste in this mannei Note Hundieds of tjpewiiteis aie lying idle 111 goveinment offices plenty ot them light in WPB • Nelson's Weak Spot Nelsons failiue to plug the sott spots in his staff IS due to Ins one majoi weal ness—Ins leliietmce to file people a tiait he shues with the Pie'sident Nelson IS i m m ot gi c it t dents He h is oxceptu n al executive ability think list pideleuh ind 1 nows Ins job thoioughly He is bioil gauged his libe il views on social md eco|iomic pioblems ind has the capacity to win and hold the loyalty ol those uound him But like the Piesident Nelson cant be luthless when it tomes to getting iid of inadequate assistants the Pi esident s staff, cabinet and Administration are elutteied up with pi oven ineompetcnts aijd mis fits but he keeps them on and Nelson is guiltj ot the same soft heai tedness Nelson might well lollow the example of Pi ice Ad ministiatoi Loon Ilendeison and Lt Gen Biehon Someiville chiet of the Ai my s Seiviee of Supply II an assistant doesn t me isiue up they fiie him leg iid less ot'peisonil illations 01 leelings That s why thij hive the able t st ills m the w n 01 g n ization md the 1 eputalion ioi always dchveiiiig the goods Noi-e —rile five be t executives indei Nelson ue Wilhin Ball dneetoi ol the Mateiials Dnision Douglas C MacKeaeliie Puichising eluct Robeit Nathan Ijead ot the Planning Division Eiank lol soni and A J Bi owning deputy pm chasing dueelois asbigi ed to the Aimj and Navy • New Pipe Lines Inside 1 els ibout g I'-oline is th it even iltei al lowiig toi 50 )iei cent latioiiiiig of g is md luel oil lequiiements on tin Atlantic Coast will be about 1 200 000 bill els a daj 3 he maximum that can be inoiid by tank cais bilges and pipe lines is about 825 000 baiielg i i)ay though this capagity can be ineieased by the end of the yeai to 1 000 000 baiieU Ihus tlieie will still be a balance—aftei latiomng and altei incieasing the effieieney ot existing faeil ities—ot 200 600 bands a day to be piovided foi (Lopjiight 1942 1> United 1 e itui e S\ndicate Inc)
Ol ti msfei students h iving an ae cuimlitiie index oi 3 5 01 hic^hii who desiie lo paitieipato 111 this activity Among the niimeious ictivities sponsoi cd by the Student Union ue the Music loom Camei i Clib pit teiin,^ shops dance decoiation® teas and leception and the D id s and Mothii s Da> piogiams The membei s of the Student Union bond will be inti odu id at the meetii ^ a id the letu ities cx plained in „ieatei detiil
itmmu TODAY - SATURDAY
It Will Live m Your MlfWORYI ; I ft ng Mot on P cturos!
:V Ronald
LUHA
TODAY - SAT Hie Men Who . Returned to life A Columbia PUtu • PLUS CHARLES STARRETT
2 HITS
«sc JOHN HOWARD I FAIRBANKS I
Majestic furnaces and Will-Burt Stokers F H Speaker & Son Phone 4976 1 19 E State St
Iiain
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE Death Rides the Airways "DAWN EXPRESS VVMTH MICHACL WHALEN ANNE NAGEL plus Poor Henry Andrich — Nobody Understands Him’ "WHAT A LIFE" WITH JACKIE COOPER BETTY FIELD
MIDNITE PREVUE SATURDAY 11 00 P M They found whet they wanted ’ under dreamy South Seas skies.
A
MAM
TOMORROW — ONE DAY ONLY —
Peggy Drake • Gene Reynolds'
Victor Francen Floretace Batos
Sirfie*
ACTSCOMCDY MUSIC SONG 8 — HOLLYWOOD LOVELIES — 8
Shows It 1 50 7 25 - 10 00
ON THE SCREEN
Terror crashes the air lanes I
awsteMQnRIS'KsnwtHILLIAilD *1 COLUMBIA BtCTURE
— LAST TIMES TODAY — Ann RUTHERFORD ROBERT STERLING GJY KIBBEE - IRENE RICH VIRGINIA WEIDLER IN "THIS TIME FOR KEEPS"
— COME ALl SEATS 12 00 to I 30
EARLY —
ALL SEATS 1 30 to 6 00
40<=
6 00 P M TO CLOSING Balcony 40c Tax Inc Main floor 50c Tax Inc Children (Afl Day) 17c Tax Inc,
LEARN TO DANCE SUMMER CLASS OPENS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN Thurs , May 21, 7 30 P M Walti Slow and Fast Fox-Trot Reduced Rates 8 Lessons $5 00 ENPOLL NOW P M Allen Nationally Known Instructor Phone 2150
ALLEN'S
6lh & Ferry
LAFAYETTE Starts SUNDAY For those who haven't seen it^ For those who want to see it again' emotySs ’ [miemiiuLT pbesented NOT AN INCH —NOT A KISS BEEN CUT'
Continuous Performanqus at 12 30 - 4 30 8 30 P M. COME ANYTIME BETWEEN 12 30 AND 8 lO AMD SEE A COMPLET SHOWI — ADMISSION — Mainee 40c Tax IncI Evemnos and All Day Sunday 55c Tax Iqcl Children (my time) 17c Tax Inci
\J "
ly ±b^ Boilermk^^ Smrti
“Ganfies. on the Gr.eei?,”' an;,,anr
In ^ ten Meet today
irine iipligKriialiiei’ trapVst^ departed from Lafayette this
. I') ^.r, , ■" ■ ■ :
mojrnin^ at 6 Evanston, 111., where they will vieifor hpnprs iiiithpianpual; outdoor Western. Conference track an(| field meet,, sfertijag. this afternopni on the Northwestern cai:ppus.-,|_
Q o a c )b H'ernjpp, :^,l]i:ij^llps’
gr^uatiqfi ap,dj, dra^t-itiddled squad, possessing, liittle.qhhpce to present a strpng. shpiwfing for top-plaqe po^hipns, wil}, atterppt to 'garner placprpQ?i].ts ip, .the Bjg Ten^ meet,, whil^,,sup]} sq,updpi. as Michigan e?^(l Qhioi State are concede first'jpopitjpp berths. \
Anthony WfilLGomppte ,
C^pt. Paul Anthony, alrea.dy pm- nuaf fep-tujre.of'the summer spssiop, ployed in ^ defenses, ipdustry, will in the pust y.earsi \yill onc^'.'mpr’e,he be put of the quprter-niile r«n due offered, ;to .the Uniyersity ; students to ipability to compete,.this after- beginning .at; 7, p. m. nex)t,J Tuesday noon, howevei: he, is,, expected to be in the Fieldhpuse and behind the able, to joip, the. squad tomorrow in Fieldhouse. The prograra will contime, for the mile relay. taip, gamee. suitable, for jnixed parAnthpny, will lead the Gold and ticipatipn, such as .badTpdnton, padBlack, aggi’egatipp consisting-, of tennis, yplleybal), croquet, George Archer, Alison Arnoid, Wil*- tennis and softball. Gan/ies will conliam Bancker, Don Kemp, Encel tinue until around 8:3q if visibility Dondge, Norman Marozick, John permit,s. Grimm, and co-captain elect A1 ' In past summers these programs Jentsch. have proven to be quite popular Hopes. Best On. Jentsch with the students, with an average As a result of the wholesale Iqssr of IQO students atteiiding eaph es recently, the Boilermakers’ main Tuesday evening. Should the stuhope will, appayently rest on the 'dent participation u^xt Tuesday shoulders of Jentsch, who will en- warrant it, these programs will be ter in the mile and. half-mile runs, continued for the duration of the
and the mile relay quartet. IVfile relay team hopes are. high,
with Gapt. Anthony running an- erous other campus, social activichor with Bancker, Archer, and Ar- ties during the summer term, these nold. Kemp will compete in the mile mixed recreations will furnish one and half' mile with Jentsch> and of the few opportunities for the Marozick in the half; Dodge will students to become better acquaintenter the broad jump and Grimm the ed with their classmates. These propole vault. , grams are sponsored by the intraRiveter points will be sacrificed mural department with the coopby the recent evacuation from the eration of the department of physGold and Black camp by Clarence ical education for women. Kron and John Conant, hurdlers; '
Joe Edwards, pole vaulter, and Bob
Keijp, ppfenfial point grabbers tak- ^A^al'd Maiia.9ei‘S en by the war. . ^
In order to carry on a summer program ..of iptr.amural sports, tile inttamqrali idepar.tment must set up an organization of Wards. Any independent student inter4 ,ested in managing a Ward should notify the intramural office, room
111 of the Fieldhouse.
tSaUms, Today
. Cpa.ph Henry Afispqw qpnpunced yesterday thgt. the fipaj: golf meet of the season, with Michigan Statq,' qriginajly scbpdlJled tq be played; bere tpmorr-ow, hpg been shiftedt to Ann Arbor, Mich., thip afternpon, , The shift in place and date makes
• Gophers WUli ProMidie Qptpqsltjpn
Providing, the opposition for the Boilermakers will be the slpgging Minnesota outfit. The Gophers will be here for a two game, series, the. first to be played on the Riveter diamond Friday afternoon.
• RemembeK MichJgait. Lasit Year?
, Most students who were around here last year about this time will, remember tlie Michigan game which marked the first time that a Riveter diamond team had ever performed under the lights, The Wolyerines came
summer term.
Because of the curtailing of num-
• Night Biaaohati No*t Saturcla)^
Next Saturday night under the lights at Colpmbia. Park, Riveter bpse-
it ppssible for the Boilprmakei's tQ„ ball fans will get an opportunity to see Dutch Fehr.ing’s diamopd, squad become acquainted with the Uniyer- ih action in their first and. only , night bajl game of the season. Final, arpity of Michigap course wbpre they rangements.for this tilt—-the second; of its kind jn tbe histpry of thp in•\yill: compete in the Big Ten chapi- ^titution—were made yesterday afternoon by Coach Fehring.
^ionships on Monday and Tuesday.
Hnipp Is Doubtful. Starter The make,;up ' of the Riveter
squad, for both today’s meet and the Big Ten championships hinges iipon whether Wade Knipp, senior veteran, , defending Indiana collegiate champion, is able to play. Knipp, comfoissioned, as ap ensign
in the Nayy, expects to be called , , •
for duty this week-end, but may be Y'^h. Mark Wakefield’s long, homeable to make his final collegiate providing the margin of victory.
% Plenty Of
Regardless of the loss, however, each person of the near capacity crowd had seen an evening packed full- of first class baseball despite the fact that both clubs,were total strangers to, this type of play. Incidentally this was. also the first night game ever played by any Big Ten school, so it seems that Fehring may have started something. • PE 12 Statisliss . Up at the Fieldhouse yesterday afternoon we were able to dig up some statistics on PE 12. Although all of the preliminary tests—^namely the jpmp and reach, pull-ups, push-ups and the mile walk—have not as yet been completed, already several remarkable performances have been recorded. Louis E.saltis, who held the record, last semester for the jump and reach at 30 inches, bettered this mark last week by 2 inches to become high man this term.
fling before reporting, Allspaw is definitely plapning on Roger Schutt and Doug McDaniel, the only other remaining, regulars, along with Ted Shead and John
Coombs.
Cochrane, Lead Attack On Invaders Before Glenview,, p., May 14,—(Special to, the Purdue With Managei: Mickey Cochrane making his first conjp^iti^e appearance since his playing days at Detroit, the highly-toftt^ Great Lakes Naval Training Station nine trounced Coach Fehring’s Boilermaker outfit here this afteimoon- by a score of 13 to 6 before a capacity crowd of some 8,000 sailors. The Riveters although outplayed by the ”big league” Naval squad '' • showed signs of brilliance aM
gave the Great Lakes team several real scares during the course of the aftemoonl As leadoff man in the firqt inning. Bill Burghardt, hard working Riveter shortstop, cracked the first ball pitched for a line single into right field and it lotted as though the Sailors, were in for a tough afternoon. However, Jipni Reninger, formerly of Toronto in
Mrmaker Kme Contiaues On Road in Series With HU
Batfing Averages 194;2 Big Ten. Baseball, Averages (Through Indiana,games, May 9) AB H RBI Avg,
1 32 12 28
Coach Dutch Fehring’s baseball squad will remain in Chicago today
to continue their Big Ten campaign r ^ ^
. , . ^ the International Deague and startm a two-game series with North- . , , j, ', ' 4. u . • 4.I.- j:.. mg hurler for the Middies, tnen
western beginning this afternoon. , , ....i , j
—1 • • -ii. XI. -nr-ij X -1, calmly settled down and-had the This series with the Wildcats will „ , . „, . , , j X • 1- XI XT. 0 -1 1 Boilermakers eating out of his hand determine whether the Boilermak- , . r . f r
during the remainder of ms stretch.
on the mound.
Wright Young .. Leifheit Smith ..
|lllllfllll||lllillilllllllllllilfllllfllllllilllillllllllllillllll^ I FRIENDLY SERVICE i = Bonded = S Gas and'Oil S I 5r. & R. OIL CO., Inc* I iiiiiiiiiilipiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
Friend ..x.. .32 Berto 8 Carson 9 G. Burghardt 23 McFerren 32 Hipp ; .'......12 Riley* .27 Petrich 14 W. Burghardt ....32 Kersey 9 Walton 5 Misselhoi’n 6
.... 0
0
.... 0 .... 0
0
Cook, E. Rawles .. Cook, W. Martin .. Myers ....
1
14
4 8 9 2 2 5 6 2 4 2 4 i 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
1.000
,438 .333 .286 .281 .260 .222 .217 .188 .167 .148 .142 .125 .111 .000 .000 .000 .000 .000 .000 .000
• Boyd On Top Again Lloyd Boyd, top man in the pull-up department last semester with 26, has done 25 already this semester under the new rules to again show superiority. No one has come any ways near the push-up record which stands at the amazingly high total of 83. Nearly a score, ho-wever, have done around 50.
the Boilermak-
ers are to have a chance to pull up to the .500 mark in the conference raee before meeting Minnesota here next weekend in the conference
finale.
The Riveter squad took to the road: Thursday minus the servicesof four regulars. In the infield, George Burghardt, first baseman, and Harry McFerren, second baseman are missing, and the outfield, Paul Friend, left field, and Bob Kersey, center field, have left. All are now either in the service or employed in defense industries.
Fehring Shifts Squad
Coach Fehring realigned his squad with wholesale shifts before leaving on this final road campaign.
• 9 Minutes 20 Seconds For Mile Walk
An aid' to this semester’s’ epurse has been the change from the 2 to
the 1 mile walk. Best tinie so far for this 1 mile grind, comnionly known and is in hopes of making a strong
as the Olympic walk, has been 9 minutes and 20 seconds. Only a few have showing at N. U. tigday and tomor- ^f ereeringbailors,
been clocked at times better than' 10 minutes.
Gochraqe Shows. OI<l. Forni; It was while Reninger was. on fjje slab that Cochrape displayed sopie of the expert backstopping that ha4 made him one of the greatest catchr ers in the history of the diamond sport. With Cochrane behind plate, the former Toronto, .ac^estruck out five Boilermakers in the
three innings.
One of the main highlights of the game came in the fifth inniijg; when Tony Berto, starting, hurler for the Boilermakers, strupk ou);^ Cochrane in his first time at bafe A big; smile came across Tony’s fa<^ as the now Lfc Cochrane missed; ft low inside pitch for the third strB&amuch to the enjoyment of tjie
283 62 26 .219
Buy Your ARROW SHlRTS at
Don Blanken ... Boilermaker basketball captain, and hurler on last year’s baseball nine will perform this summer as a member of the Lafayette Red Sox in the Indiana-Ohio league. Don will play in the outfield, at fii;st base, or else will perform on the rubber. The versatile Riveter star played all these positions ..on last year’s baseball team so he will not be green at any of these tasks. Don gained fame as a long ball hitter for the Riveter team, and so far he has been hitting the ball for plenty of, distance in his workouts with the Sox this spring. He will probably play in right field in the season’s opener for the So;c, and play the other two positions as the need
arises.
Fatronj'ze IxRonerit Advertisers
lenDis Team Participates In Big Ten l^eet h\ Coturalms This Week-End
■ /
With a record of five wins ^and four losses, the Boilermaker tennis squad shoved off yesterday for Columbus and the Big Ten meet. The annual meet, which is taking place at Ohio State this year, started yesterday and will continue through to-' ' ' ' '' ' ' morrow. .. . .. . .. - Coach Larry LaBree took fopr ^higan, Michigan State, and Illi-
men with him to the Buckeye.,domain. With th.e loss of Captain R.ay Lucht, because of graduation, -t,he
Mickey Gets Single ; Mickey redeemed himself in. pgpt, however, in the sixth inning.wnc# he singled to send two, runirepa across the plate. Hp Was .thrown pujt
Paul Petrich will do the mound work on Friday and Ed Misselhorn is being held in reserve until Saturday. Other Boilermakers in the
traveli.ng party include Tom Bur- at second when bis aging leg^: fftiH ger, William Burghardt, William g^j while attempting to stretch Carson,. Irving Claseman, Carl the hit into a,double.‘T’mJust likjp^
a Gazelle,” Mickey said after- the game. . . „ ? >,• The Riveters really got the,<raBg^ in, the ninth inning when they shoved across four markera on ftye consecutive singles off Dick Klein, former baseball and basketball
Hipp, Torn Imes, Joe Ipmap, Walter Leifheit, Charles Scripps, Walter Smith,-Charles Wright, and Er-
nest Young.
Sports Shorts
boach E. C. Hayes, famed track great at North-western. Paul Petmentor at Indiana since 1928, has rich,, slated to pitch agairist North;, another distance man whom he western tomorrow, started thip^.
nois,
,., Am png the teanrg ,of the conferenpe, Michigan is fayore4,to win.the
tennis team will only enter four Bast, yeqr-’s, Michigan squad thinks may someday top the per- frame with a clean single men ins'tead of .the usual five, man cro'vyn,. and formances of such former greats as to center as a pinch hifter. squad. Dick, Stettner, Claflv Arm- tJlJS year’s te^m. is .the, same, as Don, Lash, Tommy Deckard, Camp- Padgett Gets Homer, Triple, ,
' ' last’s with the exception of one bell Kane and many others. He is The outstanding hitter of the affe man. Sp far,,this .season the W.olve.r- Tom Judge, a 6 foot, 2 inch fresh- ernoon without a doubt was ines haye been unbeaten. Hsipmond man, who ilready has run the mile Padgett, great Middie outfielder Ipeds the,Wolyerines ip the ajttack, in 4:19. In addition he has run the who formerly played a lot of ball though, the ■whpl.p.squad. is. sppposed 440, half mile, and 2 mile events in with the St. Louis Cardinals. Don to be well.balanced. Gne.of the q^d- very good times so far this year.' found Riveter pitching, very inqc|i ities on the squad'is, Porter, wbo Another Hoosier athlete who is to his liking and during the course serves left handed, .but plays right, destined to make quite a name for of the afternoon cracked out a towWUdeat Map Is Tops _ himself in the near future is Ernest ering home run and a triple., Northwestern is anpther sfrong Vogel. Vogel jumped 6 feet, 4% Ensign Ted Hennis, who er^pects contender for the title. The Wildr inches to break the Indiana AAU to be on the seas shortly; Special;
strong, Ed Wells, and Walter Hu^^ zinski are the four men who made
the trip.
Doubles Team Formed
Wells and Dudzinski, will,_p,air together for one doubles tpaip and the other two will forin another. All four men will enter the singles cornpetition. Thus, far this -.season, the
tennis team defeated Butler, Ball
State, DePauw, Ip\ya, ppd Inlrapa, epta’ nuniber, one man is. seated in record this spring. In addition he ist Hrank Bykowski, and seftojan
while losing to Michigan,. .Western
; Dad’s PliiFB
popcoRH Gallon 1 5c ;
b. so ilANDY
BUTTERSCOTCH REVEL ice Cream Pint 20c Other flavors V7c pint^ ^
has broken both the 100 yard and
records
the -first, position in; the co.hference.
East y,cay, this map, Greenberg by 50 yard varsity swimmin na.ipe, .wpn the singles in, the tpur- the Indiana pool,
nament. H,e has. yet to be defeated this year. The closest he caipe to it ■\yas in .the Western Michigap dual ipa.tph wheii the nuipbcr one of, that team played Greepberg to a 8-6 set
Bodden, Owen Return
From Indianapolis
Qt’s the same shSrt—Arrow’s Owbler TTERE’S a shirt that knows how to relax! :*■ It’s convcrtihlc—you can wear it all day ivith a tic'and it’s perfectly smart; take tlie tic oil when you get home and you can have a handsome, expensive-looking sport shirt Arrow Dpulrlcr comes in a variety of fine fabrics labeled Sanforized (shrinkage less than IT^)), has two pockets and has Arrow’s famed “Mitoga” figure-fit. Get Doubler today I
Get Your Style Right Slur Is—^ ARROW SHIRTS
at
416 MAIN
DEWENTER'S
Main
Th«y'll never'grow ouf of sfylel Everybody knowi they’re so easy..,so soft...so wonderful..«io swell to slip into and get going. Sixes 3 to 9.''
322 MAIN STREET.
LAFAYETTE
W. A. Bodden, assistant con-
Othci; tpp tcap-is, ip the Hig Ten troller of the University, and Dr. are Wisconsin and; .Ohio Stabe, .Chi- w. V. Owen of the department of cagp. bps a better; tbap;. average history, economics and government, lean), this seaso.n, whi|e those are home fronr Indianapolis where sffua.ds, of Iowa, Ipdianp, Minnesota they sat as members of two boards are, pot so strong, Ilfipois is also of the state personnel department classed as one of the stronger interviewing applicants for various
teams. positions.
TRE BUR-PAT STORE WISHES TO ANNOUNCE NEW MANAGEMENT! Herb Michgelis succeeds Don Voelker, and his -wife, Eleanor, - will take Ruthmary's place. ! COME IN And get acquaintedi NOW OPEN YEAR-ROUND Let us serve your fraternity needs. iuRk, A Aui]b l;i.
113 NORTHWESTERN 'IN THE VILLAGE
PH. 2523
Bob Johnson, all former Boilermaker athletic stars, now stationed at Great Lakes, were among tfi? Boilermaker bench visitors of the-
afternoon.
Score by innings: Purdue .000 020 004— 6 8 3 Great Lakes ..330 032 20x:—13.1^„ 3, For Purdue: Berto, I. Claseman, Misslehoin and Sipith, Inman. For Great Lakes: Reninger, Klein and Hprshaney, Cochrane,
Dicke.
Rev. Noll Will Speak At- Newmen Meeting Newman Club will hold its regular monthly meeting at St. Mary’s Catholic School this Sunday ftfter 9:30 mass. Most Reverend John Noll, Bishop of Ft. Wayne Dioegse, will speak on "The Catholic Student In College.” The meeting will ipcludp a (figcussion on the club’s social program ' for the summer term. All Catholic students and others arc invited to attend, .
Hay$ Jewelry Co.
131 North Fourth Sh J Fine lewelry at Moder,atft, Fritift J ♦ ♦ ♦ 4-V» » »♦ ♦ ♦ 4 » »
DR, PAUL A. Rl$|I DR. LUTHER A. RtSRDR. HAROUXk RISK — DENTim 400-404 Schultm Bldg, 4th and Main St. L
Everytkingf jfor o College Edueaiioh Im
f^r-
Purdue EiKpdrient
Friday, May
fi
rife’
University Calendar
Wednesday, May 13
Friday, May 15
9:46 A.M.-^Indiana Per.sonnel Man-
agement Conference
.West Faculty Lge, Union
12:00 noon—Per.TOnnel Conference
Luncheon
Rms 332 & 334, Union
1:16 P.M.—Personnel Conference
.West Faculty Lge, Union
4:30 P.M.—Cosmopolitan Club
.Room 304, Union
6:30 P.M.—Personnel Conference Dinner
.East Faculty Lge, Union
7:30 P.M.—Convocation—James R.
Young—Lecture
.Hall of Music
8:00 P.M.—^^Personncl Conference
.Rooms 261, 263, 212 302
& 304, Union
Saturday, May 16
Golf Meet—Michigan State ...
9:00 A.M.—Personnel Management
L
Conference
.■VVest Faculty Lge/ Union
10:00 A.M.—Pest Control Operators
Association
.Room 14, Ag Hall
2:00 P.M.—Personnel Management
Conference
.Rooms 261, 212 & 26S,
Union '
8:30 P.M.—Union Mixer ....:
.North Ballroom, Union
Civils Sing Their Tale Of Woe; Ross Camp Closed For Duration
Chem ^roup Elects f\GintititND^«eKRtir E. T. McBee Chairman r'~ ^
BkHKHi
Feeders' Association Young
Will Hold Spring Meeting Here May 29
Final arrangements were completed this week for the annual spring meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeders’ Association which is to bt; held at the University on Friday, May 29, it was announced by J. Calvin Thornburg, president of the organization. One of the features of the allday meeting will take place at 10:30 a.m. with inspection of 70 head of Hereford steers that have been on winter-spring feeding tests. At the same time results of the experiments with the cattle wiH be repoi’ted by Prof. F. G. King, head of the Purdue animal husbandry department. The afternoon program will feature a talk on the general meat situation by G. E. Thorne of Wilson and Company, packers. Thorneis an economist, having been one time connected with the U. S. Department of Agriculture, as well as the University of Missouri.
Interest In Safety Reduces Industrial Accidents - Strecker
Increased intere.st in safety has reduced the numbor"'of accidents expected from the eonvei sion of the automobile industry to wai- work, Paul S. Strecker rejioi tcd yesterday, following a conference at Detr<iit earlier this week of the Automotive Section of the National Safey Council. Streckci', who is chairman of the Automotive-Section, directs courses in inanagcmcnt essentials and jn-o-duction methods a.s jjart of the Univer.sity war training pi'figriim,' given under authority of the United States office of education. Kepreiientativcs of all automotive factories di.«cussed convention problems and plans for the National Safety Congress in October, at their meeting Tuesday. Strecker will attend a meeting of the board of directors of tlie National Safety Council at Chicago, Mondav.
Students Must Call For Unsold Books
Unsold books and money for books i.old by the Student Book Exchange must be claimed by r> p. m. today in room 257 of the Union, and passports jnust be prepented in order to make the colleclion. Students who find it impossible to call for the books oi- money today must do so by 5 ji. m. next Wednesday or the books and money will become the jiropei'ty of Ihe' Book Exchange. Approximately .$(;(»{) has been given out .so far, but over if] GOO still remains to be collected.
(Continued from page 1) plained when they called for him at
hi.s hotel in Tokio.
Questioned Seven Hours A Day While in prison. Young was questioned seven hours a day for forty days in an effort to force an admission that, his newspaper articles were contrary to fact and that he was an enemy of Japan. After a secret trial. Young decided that he had better head for the United States, although the judge, in handing him a six months suspended sentence, invited hini to remain in order that he might better understand Japan’s peaceful aims
and manifest destiny. Young Attacks Japs
In his book “Behind the Rising Sun,’’ Young reveals the lack of logic, the inconsistency, the stupidity, the injustice, the menace and unsavory mess that collectively is Japan. The Japanese police regard the Rotary International as a branch of the Communist Third Internationale, and Young was accused of membership in a Greek spy I'ing because he wore a Phi Gamma Delta fraternity pin. “The Japanese, New Order in Asia,” says Young, “is really a New Odor which smells of narcotics, greenback currency, trade monopoly, bombings, assassinations, crop failures and famines, floods, abandoned mines and factories, terrorism, general cori’uption and insecurity. Young says that Japanese pilots have no fear because in temperament and psychology they resemble the Germans in that they have a fanatical and religious devotion to their leader. Also they lielieve that their bombing missions are holy acta of a manifest destiny. Tliey wiir deliberately crash themselve.s into an objective with the tliought that their spirits will be enshrined in the temple of imperial worship. Japs Need Air Raid rrotcclion According to Young, the Ja))anese are. afraid of bombs; for the nation has no adequate air , raid shelters, one main I'ailroad, open water I'csm-voii's, and in'ominently located hydro-electric jilants, all of which are fine liomhing tar.gets. Young says that the Germans took control of Japan IS nionlh.s a,go when they conducted a liloodless dijdomatic jnirge. They seized control of tlie Fbreign Ministry, tlie Home Ministry and othei' governmental' 'depai-tments. Police from German - controlled Home Ofilce roundeil uj) 5!)G,000 business men for violation of economic laws. Pi'of. J. T. Gunn, chairman of tlie convocation committee, has announced that both student iiitmli(ication card.s and season ticicet.s will be honored for admission, and that single admission tickets priced at .55 cents each will Ik; available at (he dooi’. It was also pointed out that season ticket.s foj- the I'emaining six convocations on the sunimer term schedule can .still be inirchased
By Carl Votik You’ve heal’d plenty of tales of woe from people who have been forced into discomfitures because of the situation brought about by the Japanese attack on the United States. You’ve heard people complain about not being able to use the amount of sugar to which they are accustomed; you’ve heal’d jieople make woeful sounds because they are not able to use their cars as much as they would like to because of the necessity of conserving on tires; you’ve heard people curse Japan because they were taken from comfortable, well-paying jobs to serve in the army; you’ve heard students wail about the axe that has been hung over their heads. Forced On Us These and many other discomfitures, forced on, the people by Japan’s move on the United States, go to make up the reason why the Land of the Rising Sun is definitely not popular in this country. But even with all these sad stories makin.g the rounds, you haven’t heard anything until you’ve heard the story of the second,year civil engineers, “The Case of the Stabbed Civil.” Anyone acquainted with the University has surely heard something about “Summer Civil Camp.” Before the change in the University’s schedule, students who had completed the fi'cshman course in engineering and who were plannin,g on being graduated from the Civil Engineei’ing School spent nine weeks of the summer at Summer Civil Gamp where they were enrolled in a course in advanced surveying. Here the student learned) to be a qualified surveyor. Here the student roamed the grass covered hills and dales of Ross Camp carrying
hi.s transit over his shoulder, a tape around his neck, and chaining pins on his belt. Here the warm, summer breezes caressed the student’s cheek as he laid out curves and surveyed tracts of land to an accuracy of one one-thousandth of a foot. Here the student became golden brown as he worked in the sim, wearing only shorts, taking readings on “Old Sol” to determine his exact position with reference to the earth’s surface. Here the student swam at his leisure in a fine pool, ate good food, and enjoyed the companionshi]) of the instructors and his fellow students. Yes, it was a happy time—Civil Camp holds memories for all who attended. Just An Extra Course But no longer can civil engineers enjoy the course in advanced surveying.. No longer can the civil engineers'take that course at Civil Camp where the Work j’cquired in the course seemed more like play than study. Instead, civil engineers must now take the course while attending . school during a regular session and while carrying twenty oi" so credit hours of other work. Instead of the course in, advanced surveying furni-shing a lot of fun for the student, it now jn-ovidcs only an extra subject that promises to take up a lot of time. So, when you hear people complaining of what the war has done to them by making them do without sugar, by keeiiing them from using their cars, by taking them away from their jobs, just remember that the civil engineer would gladly di’ink hi.s iced tea bitter, would happily walk instead of ride, and would willingly enlist in the army—^if only they wouldn’t take away his Civil Camp. -
Dr. Earl T. McBee was elected chairman of the University section of the American Chemical Society for the coming year at the annual business meeting held last Monday. Other elective positions will be filled'by Dr. Glen L, Jenkins, vicechairman, and Dr. F. J. Allen, sec-retary-treasurer. Representing the section for 1942 as national counselor will be Dr. Thomas HeVries. He will bo succeeded in 1943 by Dr. F. D. Mai’tin. Dr. P.' B., Gurtis was chosen elect and will assume the chairman duties in June, 1943. The section voted to buy out of its reserve fund IplSO worth of United States 'War bonds. ,
Personnel Notes
U. S. Navy Yard, New York, N.Y. E.E. August grads. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday,'May 14. Universal Molded Products Corp., Bristol Aircraft Div., Bristol, Va.— August or December Aeronautical or Mechanical Engineers sign up in personnel office by Saturday, May 16.
Classified Ads
“Now be sure 'ithose blackout curtains hang right.—^the tiniest sliver of ligl'ut will give us away to the air raid warden.”
Zouovch: All memU‘r-s interested in inal im; a trip lu Indifinuipolis Friday, May 2: niCL't in Arniurv toiiin lit at d p.m. “ • — JIUNT
YWCA Cnhinct Mcinbcrai Cabinet memIht retn-at will bo held next Saturday, May lb. at I p.in. at live Womcii’a (Jym. Urinjr money for picnic supper. —PETERSON
Typewriters—Adding Mactiinea, all makew Bold, rented, repaired, and purchased. Mimbngraph work done. C. J. Ebershott, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2770.
All ScoutH and beouicr.s: Alplia I’hi Omega open nieetirpr.i Scoutmaster Omar Ford lo speak Monday’. May IS. at 7 ::>() )).m., room 507 in Uniort. WIIjBUR
Theta Alplia Phi: Meeting Tuesday noon, May 20. in the cafeteria. Be liiero if possible.' —CLARK
We are badly in need fif boys to work on buiuiuet and counter. Will you pUaise leave your name at, the Union Cafeteria OlVice if you can work.
Pi Tau Sigma: Mcoliug Monday, Ma 18. at. 1 p.m, in readini; room. Discussio of summer activities. --KOERNER
CoKinopolilan Club: Regular meeting will be hehl Friday, May 15. at 4:15 p.m. ili Room oO'l of l.he Union. Pledging will continue at this meeting. - -LAU
LoHt: Brown, leather walU't, «»n or campus. Reward. W. Jackson. .5080.
Debris BiisinosR Staff:* Important meeting >r all sophonmri' busitiess worker-s at 4 .m. Tiiur.sday. May 25. -- -McLAUCHLlN
High Grade three eompj drawing in.strumentvS. This excellent condition -$10.00. Bub Kwing- Mars Theal
set Franklin a big set in
Purdue I*laycr.s: /Pile oxceutivo board of Purdue .Players will meet • Monday, May 18, at 4 p.m. in Fowler Hall. --—OSBORN
Roger Williams Club: Roger WilHainfl (ylul) members meet at Baptist Church corner «»!' Columbia and Chuuiicey Sts. at 4 p.m. Sunday, May 17, and from there go to Wiley’s for outdoor nie(''ling. In case of rain meet at 'Church at 5:50 us usual. .1 —ULREY
WBAA To Hold Callout For Farm Announcers Opportunity for participating in the 'WBAA Farm Radio Prograius will be diseu.ssed at a callout for all freshmen and sophomore agriculture students today in room 205 of the Agricultural Experiment Station building at 4:15 iii the after-
D. R. Siireve
. . . of the Univer.sity mathematies department.'left the campus yes- , terday to assume a. position with tlie McDonnell Aircraft Corporation at Lambert,Field, near St. Louis. The principal duties, of his new po.sition will lie stress analysis of military aircraft.
Notices
Pharmacy Students: Minding of A.l’h..-\. Monday. May 18, in Room -Ul <»f I'liarmary Building at A p,m. - GOHMANN
Exponent Juniors: Importnnt mectinp Moiiday, May 18, at 4:15 p.m. In the Exponent olficc. No fkvfu.seil absences. This means Iv.th eds and co(‘ds. --BROPHY
' PI Tau Sigma: /.pril initiates -Membership cards now available at Main Offiee. •ME building. - KINNEY
Purchasers of Dcons: M'hose win* havt* not reet'ived I heir eojiies of the 11)12 Debris must henci’forlh report tt. Mr. Ihalden's office in llie Fi.xccul.ive Building to receive (heir c<»p- , ies. We warned you. •—ADAMS
111 Stage Show x4t Mars Saturday
Freshman Camp (hmnsclnrs: Anyone inin acting iis a (’oiinst’Ior ;it llu’ AiiKiist I’n'sliman oanip slioiihi call nr ^...t in lunch wilh Ur. ('.raves (:iUI.|2|, Scimllil (.■.00:;). iir SiiiKcr (,SI2n. / -SINCER
K<i.rcr Williams Cliih: Mctiilicrs imcl at Ih.. Hill.list Ciiiircli at ci.rnur ul' ('.iluml.iii •■.11(1 C.lianticry st.rci ls at. t p.ui. Srindiiy. Miiy 17. ami Truin there ;tu t<i Wiley's fur mitduiir nteetinsr. in eiis.. uf rai.a yun will meet al tlm ehni-eli at .0 •.)'.(I p.m.. as usual.
WAA: WAA Cuiineil mc.limr l.'riilav, lay 1.0, .| p.m., .it.tin. .eym; WAi.KKU
Subscribe To Your Ciinipiis Daily
GREETING CARDS fOR ALL OCCASIONS
University Bouk Store
“MEET ME WALGREEN’S”
DELICIOUS FOOD REFRESHING TREATS ,, MODERATELY PRICED ’ -’k
YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALOREEN’S 410 Main Street
‘Red” Hamtnnns *29
“Doc** Epple
Mamba, an exotic dancer, is fealurccl in one of (he eight acLs of “Chuck Ies of 1912,” the niu.siea! road-show which plays the Mars theatre Sat urday. The screen attraction features Che.ster Morris and Harriet 1111
Hard in "Canal Zone.”
,/
L
Dr. C. H. Judd Speaks To Psychology Staff
Dr. Charles H. Judd, educational advisor for the National Youth AiL ministration and retiied head of the .School of Education at the IJiiivc! - sity of Chicago, .sjiokc ye.siei-day to the statf of the University Department of Education and A])'|)lied Psychology on the clfoits of education during the wai’ and Hn; jjo.ssilde effect of these effm ts on (juieducational system in the fuluie. The main point stressed by Di'. Judd is the fact that American troops being sent throughout the world has led to a more cillical need and inteiyst in the .study of fpreign history and culture.
RUGS CLEANED in the largest, most modern rug cleaning plant in northwestern Indiana when sent to the Grown. No rug too large. Orientals or clomestic. Phone 4073
Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
You kno^ iKei sfory bJ Axis ‘Micfalorslijip’’—tlie lesson is there for all to read; Schools and colleges closed—or turned into breeding grounds for lies and hate.1
Freedom of Bpeechr—verbotenl Freedom to dboose your friends—verbotenl **, « All you need to learn is to obey I**
Now they would attempt to put the yoke on ns—on you. It must not happen herel Whatever the cost, the Axis must be sibashed. Your part, as a college student, is clear. You may not be behind a gun today, but you can help today to give bu** soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for Victory. Put your dimes and doDars into fighting uniform now by buying United States Savings Bonds and Stamps. .You’ll help not only your country, but yourself—because you are not asked lo give your money, but to lend it. You can start buying Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little as 10 cents.) Start buying today—-and keep it up I
Save . . . and Save America With U. S. Savings BONDS * STAMPS
'Ir
’1