4f f, v 1#^ Mtl'vi
^ f » :/f
Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 52, No. 16
Friday, Septemiber tf, 1940
Young Trophy ‘Swiped
Ip
Taylor, Heath, Canfield Eight Unidentified Persons
Flee Over Campus With Prize
Lead In Susan and God' The cast for the first Playshop production of the year, “Susan and God,” has been announced. Rehearsals have been started, and the construction on the set has been completed, accord-
ing to the production staff.
The play will run from October 23 to 26. Season tickets for playshop are still available from members of Playshop and Purdue Play-
ers.
Cast The cast includes: Vinton Taylor as Susan Trexel, William H. Heath as her husband Barrie Trexel, and Dorothy Ann Canfield as their daughter Blossom Trexel. “Sis” Taylor, as she is called, had the part of Una Pidgeon in Fresh Fields, Bill Heath played the part of Mio in Winterset, for which performance he received a Playshop bronze medal, one of the three given for outstanding portrayal of a major lead. Also in the cast are: Jean Montgomery, transfer from DePauw, as Irene, Robert Bancroft as Mike, Mary Alice Miller, who played Florence in “This Thing Called Love” and Arlette in “Seventh Heaven,” is Leonora. Dick Colemen, previously in “Room Service” and Journey’s End,” has the part of Hutchie, Dick Pittenger, of Radio Stage fame, has the part of Clyde, while Marianna Duke is playing Charlotte. Leontine was assigned to Shirley Canning, who was'in a Laboratory Theatre play. Leeds was given to Philip S. Henze, Hobo in Winterset. Crew Unannounced Crew members have not been officially announced yet, but will be called in the near future. Ken Carmichael, director of Playshop, is supervising the production of “Susan and God.” Carmichael has just returned to this campus after an absence of about ^ year, and has his office in Fowler Hall. m.j.f. Feldt,Ryden Explain Placement Service For Senior Women At a meeting of 200 senior women yesterday at 4 o’clock in the Union, Irene Feldt, director of the Placement Service for Women, explained the process of registering for non-teaching positions and R. R. Ryden of the education department told how to make arrangements for teaching jobs. Professor Ryder, speaking for Dr. Davis, head of the Education and Applied Psychology depart ments, listed the requirements for a license. He stated that it was intportant for seniors to check their requirements with the heads of their respective schools, and to register with Dr. Davis between the middle of October and Christmas. Dr. Davis acts as a clearing house between the schools and prospective teach-
ers.
Miss Feldt urged seniors to register with the placement service as well as with Dr. Davis, although the service supplies non-teaching jobs. She explained how to register, saying that registration is not complete until six photographs, 2% by 3% inches, are on file. These should be in by Christmas. Miss Feldt also said for seniors who have a C or Cl health grade to have their health checked, with the Health Service. She stressed that seniors should ask faculty members before giving their names for recommendations. Dean Stratton spoke of the Purdue News about vocational training for women at Purdue. Dr. Lillian Gilbraith presided over the meeting.
Dance Schedules
In the official dance schedule for the coming year which is printed below, dates followed by the names of two organizations indicate that both ballrooms will be in use individually on that night. Aside from this the schedule 'is self-explan-atory. r.m.s. 1940-41 October 4 11 PI A Fall Dance 18 Open 19 Triad (Phi Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Sigma Phi Epsilon) 25 Mixer November 1 Barnyard Frolic (Newman Club)^ Kappa Kappa Gamma 2 Phi Mu / 8 Gold Diggers (WSGA) 9 Phi Delta Theta 15 Military Ball 22 Mixer j 23 Dad’s Day Mixer 29 Women’s Athletic Association 30 Triad (Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi, Phi Sigma Kappa) December 6 Union Formal 13 Boilermakers’ Brawl (Sigma Delta Chi) 14 Delta Chi, Delta Gamma 20 PIA Christmas Dance January 3 Vacation 10 Forestry Club 31 Miami Triad and Northwestern Triad February 1 Blanket Hop (P Men’s Club) 7 Cary Club 14 Interfraternity Ball 21 Women’s Pan-Hellenic 22 Jefferson Hop 28 Sophomore Cottillion March 7 Union Formal. 8 Phi Beta Phi 14 Scabbard and Blade Cary Club Dinner Dance 15 TAP Dance (Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, Pi Kappa Phi) 21 Gold Pepper’s April 4 PIA Spring Dance 5 Phi Mu 11 Good Friday 12 Open 18 Junior Prom 25 Sigma Alpha Epsilon Mortar Board 25 Alpha Chi Omega May 2 Gala Week 9 Mother’s Day WRH Formal 10 Mother’s Day 16 Cary Club 17 Delta Chi '
Bank Night At Friday ilixer; Mahn Plays A double feature special has been announced by the Union for the Friday night mixer this week. The first is in the form of Maury Mahn’s newly reorganized fourteen pieee band, the largest on the campus. Maury will also present his charming songstress, Darlene. The other attraction is an innovation. As a surprise complimentary tickets will be given out during the evening, along with
other prizes. t.bJL
Saturday> 1PM For Cord Parade
By R. R. Runnion
Gathering at 1 o’clock Saturday afternoon near the Armory on University street will be every senior, every pair of cords, derby, cane and mustache in West Lafayette for the noisiest, most colorful annual “Cord Parade” ever to circum-
scribe the Stadium.
No doubt, many strange sights will greet the spectators. Not a few erstwhile bright-yellow cords will have been horribly mutilated by sacriligious frosh. Black derbies and canes will complete the ridiculous scene. The few proud men who will have retained precious mustachios will doubtless ride as heroes on the shoulders of proud classmates. Dedicated to the class of ’41, the hilarious column will romp off to
According to an announcement made by Rusty Layson, pijesident of the Student Senate, the group in charge of the senior “Cord Parade” Saturday, a reserved section will be held for seniors at the game.
Ross-Ade Stadium at 1:30 o’clock, behind the new and strangely appropo Mascot, the “Boilhrmaker' Special.” The parade committee will have men on hand with signs to make sure that the many and various conveyances and pieces of noise-mak-ing machinery get into their proper places in the parade. The details of the displays that the various schools will use is still a secret, but usually well-informed sources promise that this year’s parade will be the most colossal campus show ever produced. Faculty Introduced At AlChE Smoker AIChE held their smoker Wednesday, September 24, in the West Faculty Lounge. President Bob Massey introduced Dr. Shreve, who spoke on “Membership in the AIChE.” Dr. Bray spoke on the origin of the organization and Dr. Lovell stated that the AIChE was the most closely knit group on the campus. Drs. Landis, Hunt, Pierce, Mellon, Moore, Degering, Martin, Ewell, Rodebagh and others of the chemical school were introduced. Membership solicitors were^ chosen and speakers for the coming year were announced. There were about 200 chemical engineers present. j.r.g. R. Parks Announces Exhibit Of Art Work By Rockwell Kent Robert Parks) Director of Art Exhibits here, has announced an exhibition of forty of Rockwell Kent’s lithographs, wood engravings, and drawings in the Music Room of the Union from Friday, October 4, through October 24. ^ Included in the display will be some of Mr. Kent’s woodblocks, a lithograph stone, and various tools, exhibited through the courtesy of the John Herron Art Museum of Indianapolis. “How 1 Make a Wood Cut,” a booklet edited by Kent, will be on sale in connection wim the convocation and exhibition. Kent will lecture on “Art For Everyone” at the first regular University convocation of the year, Sunday evening, October 16, at 8 o’clock in the Music Hall, b.j.l.
Dairy Technicians From Seven States Attend Conference Thirty-three persons from Indiana, Iowa, Michigan, Ohio, Illinois, West Virginia, and Kentucky registered yesterday, September 26, for the two-day Dairy Technicians’ Conference held on the campus. The conference, the first of its kind to be held in the country, was called by Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the Purdue Dairy Department, to acquaint dairy technicians with federal rulings on butter and cream and to introduce to specialists proved techniques for determining certain required tests. Speakers for the program, which ends today, include W. H. Brown and P. R. Elliker of the University staff and representatives of the Indiana Board of Health, the Indiana Milk and Cream Improvement Association and the Federal Food and Drug Administration of Washington, D. C. b.j.l. 'Academic Freedom' Topic > Of PSA Weekly Forum Last night, the Purdue Student Alliance held its weekly open forum. The subject selected for discussion was “Academic Freedom,” in the light of ascertaining certain questions as to the whys and wherefores of the recent expulsions of thirteen Michigan U. students who were charged with leading subversive activities on the college campus. Academic freedom was discussed and defined in ab effort to convey to all who attended the meeting a conception of what the average college student thought that freedom might be. Various views on the subject were presented by members of the attending group. Last night’s forum was attended by a representative group which consisted of students and faculty members. j.f.z.
Former Senior's Diary Reveals Honorable Behavior At Odd Time
by Don Parlberg, Ag. ’40 (Written in response to a note found on my desk, requesting a full report as to just what I did on the senior parade. I am not sure what motives Miss Daniel may have in making such a request, but I am certain that they are honorable, and I comply with more enthusiasm than understanding.) At promptly 12:30 on the afternoon of Oct. 21, I appeared at the corner of Stadium and Uhiversity streets attired chiefly in a pair of badly mangled senior cords. The immediate history which precedes this appearance, and an accounting for the condition of said cords is not pertinent to this report. Definitely Dude I was further attired in a derby hat which I had purchased from Clothing Sto^e for the sum of $0.45. I carried a cane of a rather stylish sort. There were gathered with me at that time a nondescript group of seniors, all similarly attired. Many
Absence Of Young And Clark Points To Premeditated Attempt In an anonymous message, telephoned into the Exponent office late last evening, the University in general was informed that sometime yesterday afternoon, a group of unidentified individuals invaded G. A. Young’s office and removed the Young Trophy, awarded for class attendance in the Senior Day Parade, which has often in past years been cynically referred to as the Young Trophy for Mechanical Engineers. Demanding fair and unbiased judgment of class attendance percentages in place of the “pre-decided” contests of previous years, the abductors have laid down the following conditions for the safe return of the trophy: “Due to the vague basis upon which the Young Trophy has been awarded in the past it became necessary to borrow it for a few days until this situation has been clarified. It has been decided to keep the ti-ophy until after the game, at which time it will be decided whether or not the award has been made justly. “The trophy will not be returned unless the attendance part of the judging is done on the following basis: The school having the highest representation in the parade of students having a senior passport shall be awarded the
trophy.
“If five or six or seven year men or women are to be rated as seniors they must also be included in the total number upon which that school’s percentage attendance is calculated. This will eliminite the possibility of any school having a percentage greater than one hundred. “Professor Young may be assured that the trophy is being well cared for and will not be damaged in any way. Further it should be pointed out that this deed was done with due regard to Professor Young’s integrity in the.past and was executed purely in the interest of the student body as a whole.”
Signed,
ftThe Dormitory Devils. Evade Pursuers Overpowering secretaries and office girls in a brief battle, eight amateur “strong-arm men” thrust their .way into G. A. Young’s office between 1 and 2 o’<clock yesterday afternoon and fled with the trophy in their possession. It was the second attempt of the day, an earlier raid having failedi When slunmoned for aid, Freddy Montague, fleet back of last year’s football season, gave chase to the “tro-phy-nappers” but lost them somewhere in the vicinity of the Home Economics building. When questioned regarding the theft, Professor Dave Clark of the Mechanical Engineering department answered only, “G. A. and I were both at 1 o’clocks. 'The perpetrators apparently were aware of this fact and planned according-
ly.” r.m.f.
YWCA Cabinet . . . members, at a supper meeting in the Union cafeteria at 5:30 yesterday evening, discussed plans for the candle-lighting service to be held next Thursday'in recognition of new members. The YWCA Area Conference to be held at Butler University in Indianapolis on Friday and Saturday, October 5 and 6, was also discussed.
m.k.b.
were smoking cigars. I refrained from any such action. Promptly at 1 o’clock the means of our conveyance arrived. It was a manure spreader, well suited to the School of Agriculture, which it was my privilege to represent. It was an International Spreader, Model 27B, with the beater on the axle and thq’underslung carriage. It was drawn by a Farmall tractor of
the two-plow size.
With a complete abandonment of dignity, I climbed into the conveyance and gained a position near the rail. I assumed an attitude of triumph, which I maintained through-
out the parade.
Nigilt Editor's Cofikor
And last night we hit the ja<^pot. Big stories blew in all night long. First earner ^e details the eordt>arade. Then someone released /"“^e cast for “Susan and God.^ Next,
At no time during the parade did after long waitln^i:, the dance sched-
I partake of any of the refresh
ments which seemed to be circulating rather freely among my ^mpanions. My conduct throughout the
parade was above-reproach. I swear that this rop<»t covers
the whole of my activities on the senior parade. Coidd roy inter-
rogator give as worthy a report?
ule blew in and the paper was fntt. Aften that the fid Weyr off. Somd^ one stole the 6. A. Young Troidiy and we tore up the front page. Even more, tried to break ithe Mfiitary Ball story hut decided to wait for a quieter idght. Strangaty enough, no tlniversi^ were murdered, and so we go to preaa.
■>'»>•« I I" ‘5
/
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday# September 27# 1940
k tk
Tfce ^th |;;oliu||n
According to their news dispatch agency, the British have now devised a varnish for their bombers which makes them invisible. At night. * * * It will not reflect the rays from searchlights. Now all they have to do is figure out a scheme that will do the same thing for pilots. They must look awful silly sitting up there all by themselves. * * * President Roosevelt yesterday ordered a restricti,on on the sale of scrap iron to Japan after lOctober 16. He didn’t say Japan. Just limited sale to the ye^tern hemisphere plus Great Britain. That settles oiie thing. He won’t be selling any of our destroyers or tanks to them. I * * 4> ^he date is the significant thing in 1;his set-up. After October 16 we’ll need all that staff to train the conscripts in. If the volunteers give them a chance. ♦ * * Hitler has taken to imitating the ways of royalty in the l^st few days of bombing on Berlin. The headline said: HITLER GOES TO SHELTER AS RAID EXAMPLE Everytime the air raid siren sounds he hurries to
TUi Fiitdue Expbti'eisit
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of CouKress of March S, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108# act of October 8, 1817, anthoriaed Jannary 80, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weddy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier tor $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Bditor-ln-Chlef......— — R. W. Donahue BusinuM Managsr — Merle Hagemeyer
News Editor
Managing Editmr— Associate Editors; PmrMll. L. W. Ri
Publication Staff
.J. H. McKee
J). K. Hdple E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. Au ', R. M. Skallemp, J. L. Traugott. Businen Staff '
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. B. Dangblmajer; Accounts Manager, 'B. J. Shadford; Oirenlation Miuiagrer, R. M.
Bcctenwald.
^ > Co-ed Staff ( Mj . t Editor u—M-j ._~J iBeth r Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Rnth Rose, Donna
Sicas.
Sports Staff Editor — - ....1 J. P, Dolan Associate Bditoia: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R O. Swaim. , plionm: Editorial 40d5#* duslnesa ^638; Sporta 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Adrertimig SerTlea, Inc., College Publishers BepresentativM, 420 Madison Avc., New Fork, N. Y. Night Editor: Purcell ) i Day Editor: Rose Assistant Night Editors: Brophy, Rockefeller Sophomores: Rober S. Kolb, Robert A. Tewksbury, James R. Fraser, Alice Chatfleld, Marylyn R. Fifield, Martha Jane Fox, Virginia Barson.
I? & If Mf ^ m3
I knew we asked that be-
.,r fh? t
J bujt its^ out| for ^ood i|.^wlisnop ’44 took, for good,
a spacious air raid shelter under his palatial Reich chancellory. As an example to the German people. d.k.h.
Jjumbf Jalk
Lost, Strayed Or Stolen? When we learned of the story on page one we thought that the night editor had decided to run another “razz” edition, but on checking with Prof. Dave Clark of the mechanical engineering school we learned that the story of the theft of the G. A, Young trophy was true. That the parties involved in the rape of the trophy do not intend to harm it is evident from the note which was received by the Exponent early last evening. Apparently, the students involved were a group from one of the other engineering schools who were dissatisfied with the way that the trophy has been awarded in the past. We too are dissatisfied although we cannot condone the action of the so-called “trophy-nappers.’’ Whether G. A. Young Young chooses to meet the demands made by those now holding the trophy remains to be seen bu,t for the past three years we have been hearing about G. A.’s 120% club, secretly hoping that someday he would choose to award the trophy on a new basis. Apparently thpre were others who shared our views. ^ Th^ demands are not unreasonble. They merely require that only those bearing senior passports be considered in the official counting in the parade. The demands do not stipulate who shqll do the epunting, hov^ever. This should be an essential part of any plans for awarding the trophy. In an interview with G. A. Young last Tuesday morning we heard him tell iftusty Layson, Student Spnate president, that tl^e Senatp would run thp papde but we did not bear bim say who would take the attendance. If the award is going to be made on a fair basis, this is the time to make the rules regarding such an award.
The Walt Disney animated cartoon technique is a new twist in engineering courses at New York University to illustrate principles and mechanical theories.
Wesley Foundation Plans SteakFryTodayAtdPM Members of the Wesley Foundation Will attend a softball game followed by a big steak roast this evening at Battle Ground. In charge of the affair are Betty McCartney, supper chairman, and Hugh Wagner. Those attending will leave here about 4 p. m. and return by 7:30 p. m. A late car will take care of those unable to leave until 5 o’clock. Drivers of cars receive free tickets. Others are charged twenty cents, r.r.r. Publish Dean Mary 1. Matthews'Latest Book I ( ! M Dean Mary L. Matthews of the School of Home Economics ^h^s ji^s^t had her latest book published “The House and Its Care”. The book, which has been written for use in the senior high school and junior ' colleges, includes material on house planning, decoration and furnishings, an<| on the management of the home. Dean Matthew has organized her book on the unit-problem basis with suggestion for problems and activities.
Pine shaving weather don,’t,ypu think? ... or do you ... it all depends on your point of view . . . senior or frosh ... do you still have yours? ... or aren’t you a senior? . . . that all depends on the school’s point of view .. . —B&B— Speaking of point of^ view—^what is your point of view concerning a freshman who would take a pin this
soon?
• • J.
Anne Bis.
Tony Yankoyrski’s I^DR pin at exactly, 4 jWednesday afternoon. ... Is she the first? . . . we hope so^, . . otherwise our field would be
narrowed. —B&B—
Speaking of field -r . . Roberta Gleason, Frosty Sprowl, Boilermaker basketball ace’s pin gal has been looking all over the hockey same for Frosty’^ Delt pin..,. Like looking for a pin in a hockey field . . . that’s tough . . . try it . . . will she find it ? . . . listen in tomorrow at the same time for the next chapter in this true to life drama . . .
—B&B—
Speaking of drama . . . Norm Gessley slipped Annabel Teeter, the queen of the Civil School a diamond this summer. . . . Imagine how dramatic that must have been . . . all right did you ever do it? . . .
IriRMfltt TODAY —SATURDAY
Speaking pf slijpjped ... J^ou^lVIcPaniel, Phi pelt Upion VP,^di4j recently When he cAlfed uyi the niece of a friend of his, back in Ohio, who had just come to school ... he made a date for a tea dance ... just to help her out ... a day went by . . . rumor had it that he was prac.f tically going steady with the girl . . , another day and he was being congratulated on putting his pin ^out ... on the niece he hadn’t met ... his pin was out... in California. This all goes to prove. . . . What? . . . that women should keep their traps shut . . . most of the time.
/
, .oS' Nances!' ¥r
JACK OAKIE CHARLone J GREENWOOD
l^utgers (N. J.) University men defeated a New Jersey College for Women team in a cooking contest.
Professor Don J. Kays of Ohio State University has worn the same pair of bowling shoes for 27 years.
SOFTBALL Friday, September 27
Diamond
r TYLE C.I4I4 (C stands C2) for "Collegiate*' — designed by LEON'—rinspired by *JUDY GARLAND . . . in Rabbit's Hair of silken softness. Convenient as a cardigan—slick as a slipover. You can get into or put pf it with one flip of the,;^ (perj^ ''Functipnal" in ;tnat it if fascinatingly ,fif, ,for airnpst pypry conpeivphip "sclyqol jife" functipn./And it's qjrpjly —at all the smpif shops thftt eptpr to t • • tensely , interesting Fashion flookiS "Cl" Star —NdiV Apjiaaring In "STRIKE UP THE BAND” 1372 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CIfY
Schedules , ,, TKNNIS '■ Friday^ September 27 4:1S— M J. Gardner vs Platt Cook VB R. L. Parker or F Wells McLaughlin vs Bo]|) Parker Fiakering vs Kelw Christensen Vs Bahater t I B. Ciofc vs Lichtenb4rkl or R. L Gross Harrison vs Porterileld Osborne vs Van Camp Anthony vs Schalliol Sells vs C S Armstrong Stetner vs Siener Mangold vs Lafferty Cummings vs HuiSken Collins vs E. H. Vaughn Vitale •vs Vaughn, W. L.
CHILDREN'S bA^CING CLASSES NOW BEING Organized. Ballet, Tap and Ballroom Clasess Divided According to Age PHONE 2150 ENROLL SAT., SEFT. 28 ALLEN’S 6TH & PERRY
1.
H-2
VB
H-1
2-1
A.2
V8
A-I
3
B-2
VS
B-1
4
C-2
vs
C-1
6
D-2
vs
D-1
6.
E-2
vs
E-1
7
F-2
vs
F-1
8
S-2
vs
S-1
9.
H-8
vs
H-4
10.
A-3
vs
A-4
11.
B-3
vs
B-4
12
C-8
vs
C-4
18
D-8
V8
D-4
14.
E-8
Vs
E-4
IB.
F-3
vs
F-4
16
S-3
vs
S-4
LUMA
the Smashing Drama Behind Today's Headlines! UNC^NSORED! , r woiif^ IN WAR — with — Wendy Barrie ^ Patric Knowles PLUS—2ND FEATURE
so GOOD . . . is a slight under-stateU^eiil of the food prepared in the Coj^fee Shop, It is latere that you can j^eit the kind of food you want prepared the way you like it.
Steaks that are cooked to fit the individual appetite. Pastries that serve as an ideal dessert to your favorite meal.
The Coffee Shop North End—First Floor
J/UL \ pMAdmi T?tsihto*dciL ^HjwotL Tho Coriior of the CdfnpiM——
4- 1
f I> I
4V/
Iniay, ^epiim^er tt il§^D
^kOUtHf^ jf *> ‘iff* '
im ix^diiiltt
wfiontMmn* ^
In Vidory Or Defeat lihiversifyBandTo Put On Great Show By Joe Boikn If oUr football team loses^ bur niu^ici^l representation will provide a rationalization topib jfor Purdue Ibllb^ers to fall back on, and from the looks oi the band on Ross-Ade field last night Pui^'due ^tud^nts and followers who inhabit the stipds around that field during the t]^ree Saturdays holding Boilei;makpr home games in schedule, they will certainly be' treated to a dessert delux.
Sb;pte InlproYetitent ^ The ijand’s performance, yester* day was an imijrovement of according to the bi^ guns in the bapd who worry about tlie cadence, stral^iit lines, and foot-lifting. As a jmatter of foot-lifting and stimulant, Lieutenant Clifford was carrying, an^ using, a Reamer paddle on the dorsal sections of the faulty Jmarching men. From what we were able to abstract from the marching, we suggest that track coach, H^m Phillips, inject a few of his 440 pien int^/the band’s ranks to give them a lab period in the art of footlifting. ' Throw Those Sticks Now on the drum major side of the picture there is a real bit of entertainment for those fans who like sky-rocketing objects along with a whirl now a,nd then. Two drum majors, assisting Chief baton twister Smith, all but throw their stick out of the stadium,^ while a very pleasant side of the picture, a
Get Your Keuffel & Isser ^lide l^iiles at University Book Store Across from the Union—— Next to the College Inn Cafeteria M. C. “Red” Sammons, ’29 R. W. “Doc” Epple, ’40
Me , o
CAN YOU BE HAPPY WITH A "PRE-CIVIL WAR” SLIIIE RULE? ... 6EiAD ^‘How to Choose a Slide Role”
by DON HEROLD
A. lot of water b^s flown over the dam since 14eutenant..Jtrmed^ Mannheim invented his Slid^ l^nlf in In this new hook Don Herold explains all the new wrinkles and telk yon in simple terms just what kind of Slide Hide will make life hest for yon. The hook is handsomely illustrated with drawings hy the master himself^ It't^es the mystBr}r out of Slide Rules forever. ’’How to Choose a Slide Rule” is free as free
^ ^ , —but only one^eoRy to a customer. See your IT’S HdRORblJS . . K & E dealer at once. IT’S iEKtPFlTi.. kEU^FEL & KsIeR CO.
NEW YORK—HOEOKENt N. J.
CHICAGO • ST* LOUIS
SAN FRANCISCO • LOSANQELE8 « DETROIT • MONTRBAI.
IT’S FttEE
1 M ii~ - >
Deac Sdya: We Sell Hundreds of Them They Are Q. K. H. G. REISNER, BOOK STORE
female, doesn’t do half bad at steping and spinning a baton. Number, Please Her name is Mary Helen Pohlmarif (803 WRHS, fellows, but you’ll have to look for the telephone number yourself), and she 3oes a commendable job of staying with 172 Purdue musicians. Mary Helen is from Ohio and shows promise of entertaining the fans as well as her fellow-staters Byelene, Miller, and Stephens on the team. Aside from the picturesque manner of Scotch drumming among the bass drummers and the savage pounding of the brilliant snare drum section, the hand will provide a show before and during the halftime, that will long be remembered when parts of the game Lave been forgotten. ^ ' On entering thje field^ the band will begin their exercises from a solid mass of musicians instead of dividing into three sections as last seasctn. After ^a short jaunt into the playing field the boys will break up and go into the “three band” formation, from which emiqqtes the scintillating formations that has made “Spots” Emrick’s mob the best in the land. There will be five formations, which were very ably explained to lis by Ideutenant Mundorf, but it will probably be better if they are kept secret for a surprise tomorrow.
It Started Back When
First Boilermaker Football Team Met Bulldog Squad In Opener Of 1887
Detroit Tigers are the only American League baseball team which has never finished in eighth place at the end of the season.
See Thie i!iret
by Bob Swaim When the Butler Bulldogs dash onto the turf in Ross-Ade stadium Saturday afternoon, the oldest Boilermaker rivalry will be revived ^ter a lapse of two years. The two teams have intermittently played eleven games since the fmst contest was scheduled in 188L eighf of which have been tucked away by the Boilermakers, and three by Butler. First Game In the fall of 1887 the Boilermakers (a term unheard of then) met Butler, the state’s oldest foot-ball-playing college, on an athletic field in Indianapolis. The Bulldogs, coached by a former Yale grid player, were well-acquainted with the game, and when the poorly organized Boilermaker team, playing its first game, was sent against them, the invaders were rushed home with a 48 to 6 score to haunt them. The next day’s Indianapolis Journal printed the following statement in its account of the game: “They (Purdue) played with great pluck, and are deserving of
FREEHAN
praise for the manly fight they made against such odds.” Colorful Suits Garbed in draping suits, the Boilermakers aroused considerable comment concerning their attire. The Purdue Exponent df that date contains the following words of description : “No dealer in the West, with the possible exception of Spaulding, Chicago, carried a stock of football goods, hence we resorted to a thickheaded German tailor in Lafayette. The material was, for pants, brown Canvas; jackets were of bed-tick-ing, stripes running wide and perpendicular. Caps were of black and gold yam, for it was firmly believed that butting would be a feature of the game and these would serve as protection. “Measurement were taken, yet it was contended that every suit was cut from the same pattern. No amount of trading and changing could overcome th^se defects, and when the team was in fighting trim, no delineator of pantomime or farce-comedy was ever arrayed like one of these!” Before First Game But football received its first consideration on the campus in 1886 when invitations for practice games ^came fromi Franklin, Wabash and Butler. However, it was too late in the season to attempt to organize a team from the more husky of the Boilermaker students, so the plans were dismissed until the following fall. With proceeds collected by contributions, enough equipment was purchased to give the team a start, and to hire a coach. The first mentor was a deaf-mute, Alfred Berg, who was brought h§re from the National Deaf and Dumb School in Washington, D. C. He understood the gamd fairly well, but, of course, was severely handicaped by his natural defects.
Discouragement That is the background of ilm first Boilermaker grid contest. But even after the first game, the sport was in a shaky situation, because tLe downcast Boilerma|kers, bettt^ Ladly by Butler in their opener, thought that football wasn’t their s^ort, and the discouraged athletes dropped the game for that season and the,next. Not until 1889 did they make another trial. After winning from De^bauw and Wabash, the winning streak was broken by the highly conditioned Butler eleven. Wabash was again an easy pre^ for the Lafayette team in thq fall of 1890, when they conquered the Little Giants, 60 to 0. After the game a telegraph operator sent a message over the wire reporting that one of the winning players had c]it off an ear of his opponent with shoe spikes, and that the, feoile^mal^rs had left four Wabash “ligiitweighters” lying senseless on the ground. They’re Fierce This brought editorials condemning these gladitorial shows, and the name of Purdue was associated with such strength and ferocity that the manager was unable to schedule any more games for a while. However, later that season a confident DePauw team was lashed by a 30 to 0 count. That night a Lafayette opera house was ruled hy students who sang “Tah-rah-rah-Boom-de-Aye” during the death scene, and compelled all the actors to dress in gold and black before speaking. Found Themselves Toward the last of that season t^^ Boilermakers again met defeat fro|n the polished Bulldogs, 12 to 10. Ang it wasn’t until 1891 that the^ stepped onto the victory path in the Boilermaker-Buildog series. Tha^ first win was by a decisive 58 to b score. Since the turning point, the Boilermakers have won seven games against Butler, while losing none.
Ask for Freeman No. 876
it’i A il^AL bIIy AI ...
• Sturdy DQitble Soles lU' t • Beautiful Shoemaking ^ • Comfortable and built for wear • Antiqued weatherproofed Calfskin (Heavyweight soft tannage)
A. B. C Shoe Co.^ Inc X-RAY FITTING 406 Main Street
The UNIVERSITY bs-oo Not only a new color but a new band and a new edge. Elhaki ie tRe color—with a feltbindingof contrasting color. • • • Makers of the Aetna Insured Hat... $3.50.
LEE HATS
358 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y. U. 8. PATENX OPPICX
attention seniors
Pick your campus wardrobe—choose for coipfort, for ease— and for style. Ppme in and have a look through our store. We will be pleased to show you all the smart new things essential in college men’s wardrobe. Senior Cords r-p-r^ .^...-.$2.9^ Zipper Fly — Slide Rule Pocket Moleskins $3.91^ Slide Rule Pocket Grey Gords J,, * $2.Slb siide' ki^e i*oc'li:et — Zipper Fly
224 Main Street
reliable Clothing Co. sM.
are exdusive dealers lor iL£E HATS in Lalayeh^ anil lAllijryth * a See these new s^es hnd ^hdhs Lslwe ybix biiy yoifir n^ ktk Prices $2.9S to $5.00
s *FvV K
m
i \
i«) I
I i
l!!
•r aS"* r.
Gridders Mend Defenses Against Butler Invasion Tomorrow At 2 Facing a team that, with the exception of the big three, Indiana Notre Dame, and Purdue, is the toughest football outfit in the state, the 1940 crop of Boilermaker gridders will make their debut tomorrow at Ross-Ade Stadium. The Bulldogs should be worthy opponents, for almost without exception, they have succeeded each year in capturing the state conference championship. Coached exceptionally well by Tony Hinkle, the Indianapolis team is looking forward to the game this Saturday as the biggest event on their year’s schedule. With everything to gain and nothing to lose the downstate gridders will go into the game with plenty to fight for. Fight For Positions Likewise the gridders from the local campus will enter the game with a real incentive to fight, since according to chief football mentor Elward, the performance of the players in Saturday’s clash will, to a great extent, determine the lineup in future games. Although the majority of the men starting the Butler game have had considerable experience on the gridiron, nothing is very certain as to what will happen in the future. Sounding a note of optimism on the Boilermaker grid front yesterday, Head Coach Elward announced, contrary to former reports, that Bryan Brock’s knee injury will not keep him out of competition. Wearing a special shock-proof brace designed by Lon Mann, trainer. Brock should be as good as ever and is slated to see action in Saturday’s clash against Butler. Among the men who will hold up the forward wall are such veterans as Captain Dave Bankin, A1
Rossi, and Pete Timperman, who could not play last year because of an injury, but who did play with the 1938 squad. Holding up the center of the line will be letterman Ted Axton while in the baekfield Mike Bylene, last of the three “B’s,” and John Petty will do their part of the ball toting. Wingman Combs Junior Bill Combs will start the game at right end, where last year he faced some of the toughest competition the conference had to offer. Aggressive on defense and tough on offense, the right wing seems to be well taken care of in Bill’s hands. Jack Winchell will start the game Saturday at the right guard spot where his previous experience should hold him on good stead. Former Chicago prep school star John Galvin is slated to start Saturday’s game at left half. Although only a junior, John has already seen , plenty of action under game conditions, for last year he piled up a considerable number of quarters. Defense Stressed Concluding the hard practices for the week yesterday, Elward’s men spent most of the afternoon in perfecting their defensive formations against the Butler plays, both running and passing. By this method
CO-EDS Be SPORTY This “Pork-pie" is just the trick for this season's football opener. The seniors may be sporting their "Cords"—but show them up by wearing one of our fall sport models.
VOCIE mi SHIP
Phone 2207
313 Columbia
\
JO
7
the
Hurrah! Here’s an excuse to buy more JELLYBEANS! A new TOMBOY version of our tremendously popular sweater that’s simply loaded with all-occa-sion fashion appeals! The luxury details and expen-sive-looking hand-knit-eflfect stitch will make most smarties buy several at a time to go with every costume, just as they did with our other JELLYBEANS! At this low price, you will too! In luscious jellybean colors; Flag Red, Flag White, Flag Blue, Kelly Green, Dixie Clay, Maize, and Blossom Blue! P. 5. Also in PATRIOTIC $100 White with Red and Blue trim! |
Street Floor
PURDUE EXPONENT
Friday, September 27, 1940
the squad is tapering off from the more strenuous practices of the former days this week when intersquad and freshmen scrimmages were held. Looking forward to future games on the schedule, new varsity end coach Herb Duggins will follow the Minnesota team to the west coast Saturday where the Golden Gophers are playing Washington. Coach Duggins will scout the Minnesota squad’s plays. Hailing from Louisiana Tech where he had been coach for five years. Coach Duggins is a new [addition to the Riveter coaching staff, d.w.m.
Notices
Purdue Christian Foundation: Skating party at Maple Point Friday, September 27, at 10.30 p m. Meet at 126 Chauncey ave-
NEW YORK'S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
College girls and budding careerists find The Barbizon Mode of Living stimulates greater achievement. Its socially correct address and environment, its cultural advantages are conducive to success. Home of college clubs Daily recites and lectures, music studios with Steinway grands. Library, art studios and gallery, sun deck, terraces, squash courts and swimming pool. Convenient to business centers, fashionable shops, museums and theatres. 700 rooms each with a radio. M from $2.50 per day ■ from $12 per week • Write for descriptive booklet C
LEXINGTON AVE, at 63id ST. NEW YORK CITY
SHOES FOR MEN WITH A At only $4.00, all our new Fall Fortunes offer such custom styling as this smart blucher moccasin in Fortune's new "Brushed Bronze," authenticated by Alston, tamed custom bootmaker. '4 MOST STYLES
B & W Shoe Co. East Side oi Square
nue at 10 p. m. for free transportation. —MANGUS.
Sophomore Co-eds: All sophomore women interested in working on the residence committee of WSGA please report for the meeting Friday, September 27, at 4 p. m. in the WSGA oifice. —FINK.
Kegistration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first semester registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
/ Student Credit Union: Business will be done thrhugh Rev. W. McFadden during next week. —BELCHER.
AH Students: Those interested in joining the Purdue Aero-Modelers are invited to attend the meeting Friday, September 27, at 7:30 p. m. in room 866 of the Union. —KNIGHT.
WAA Tennis: Schedule of singles tourney posted in gym. First round must be played off by Septemter 28. —EMHOPF.
6th Year Seniors or Better: Cord parade for all 6th year seniors or better. Meet at University and Stadium avenues Saturday at 1 p. m. —CLINE.
Wesley Foundation: Steak fry at BattleGround Friday, September 27. Meet at the Foundation House at 4 p. m.; 20 cents per person. Those furnishing ears get free meal; back in town by 7:30 p. m. —WAGNER. All Students: Petitions for the offices of assistant business manager and press publicity manager on the PlaVshop board of directors must be in by noon Friday, September 27. —CARMICHAEL.
All Sophomore Girls: Those interested in working toward junior positions on WAA Council by doing office work or making posters sign up at Women’s gym, Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday, September 26, 26, 27, at 4 p. m. —WESTOVER.
All Men: All men interested in varsity or freshman swimming are invited to attend the Dolphin swimming reception, Tuesday, Oct. 1, at 7:86 p. m., in the east faculty lounge of the Union. —HERR.
PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PlA tea dances, information at the PIA office in the Union. —ELDER.
Senior Mechanicals: Form at I p. m. Saturday, September 28, at the Mechanical Engineering Building for the cord parade. Must have 120% turnout to retain the trophy. —WIST.
Camera Club: Darkrooms will be closed at 6 p. m , Tuesday, Oct. 1, for at least four days to permit repairs. All club members who have locks on lockers must sign up again in book at West Desk. New lockers will be placed in Room 86 before Sunday evening. Locks will be cut Tuesday on those lockers whose lessees have neglected to indicate their lockers in the book. —ARCHIBALD.
No notice* received after 6 p. m. All Lutheran Students: Lutheran St»dent’s club is having an outing on Sunday, September 29. All Lutheran students are welcome. Meet in front of Fowler Hall at 1 30 p m If you have a car to assist in transportation, please call 5764 —MAROZICK.
Purdue Outing Club: All students are welcomed to a supper hike Friday, September 27. Hikers will leave front of Armory promptly at 6:30 p. m. For reservations please call Opal Blagrave, 6766, or Marjorie Ward, 41111, before Friday noon. Twenty-five cents will cover cost of supper. —PARKER.
All Students: Petitions for the offices of assistant business manager and press publicity manager on the Board of Directors must be in by noon Friday, September 27. —CARMICHAEL.
Lutheran Students: The first Sunday evening Vespers meeting of the L. S A. will be held Sunday evening at 6 p. m. at the homp of Pastor H. C Stolldorf, 626 N Ninth St., Lafayette. The meeting will consist of a lunch followed by an informal fire side discussion program. All Lutheran students are cordially invited to attend —MEZOFF.
Classified Ads FOR SALE I Typewriter* and adding naeUne*, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriter*. $29.76 to $66.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. EbenhofiT, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407. Wanted: Used L. L. slide rule. Call 75064 between 4 and 6.
Science Seniors: Meet at Kappa House to form for the parade at 12:46 Saturday, September 28 and move to the armory. —OSWALT.
Wanted: Dressmaking, cloak lining. Remodeling, alteration and mending of both ladies and gents garments. Phone, 61784. 117 N. Chauncey, W Lafayette.
Special Purchase Sale For Students 24 in. Celluloid Lined T Squares $1.25 200 Approved Dissecting Sets $1.19 1000 Pads Form 2 Biology Paper 29c 1000 Pads Form 4 Biology Paper. 29c 3x5 Index Cards 150 in Package 10c Shinola Shoe Shine Kits 29c Large Desk Blotters 3 for 5c 5000 14 Pound Note Book Fillers Regular Price 10c 2 for 15c 2000 3 hole 9^4 x 6 Stiff Back Note Books 15c 2000 Reams Yellow Paper 23c 500 Laboratory Aprons 39c 300 Laundry Cases 89c 25,000 Manila Report Covers 20 for 25c BUY YOUR COLLEGE SUPPLIES HERE AND SAVE (We Always Sell for Less) PURDUE STORE 5 - TO - 25 - $1.00 up Next to Bartlett's in the Village
Corduroys for Co-Eds
So now you've snatched his corduroy overalls. But he'll probably love it— Imitation being the sincerest form of flattery. You'll lo^e it, too—because you will look simply swell in this pinafore outfit and because it gives you the utmost in comfort. We also have a fine selectiori of wool plaids, jerseys and velveteens. $2.98 others $1.98 to $7.98
'Smartest thing for School^ ’’ says a knowing senior. s. Fill out your collection of enviable sweaters from our large stock of up-to-the-min-ute styles. We have Shetlands, Angora, brushed wool, cable stitched, and feather knits, in cardigans, slip-ovrs and twin sets — all wanted colors and sizes. $1.98 to $9.98 We feature Helen Harper's sweaters exclusively as sketched in Life, Vogue and Harper's Bazaar.
n
%
(k