I'iSf
Published Daily By Students Of ^due University
VOLUME xLvn
• LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, ERlbAY, MARCH 13, 1936
-=sssasss=sar=!« NUMBER 118
Is Model Of Russian Industry^ Countess Says At Final Lecture
99
Eeviie#mg the history of imperial Russiaj Countess Irina Skariatina analyzed events which led to the reyolution^ 4^ the inauguration of the Soviet government at the final Uhi^ versity convocation of the year last ni^t in Eliza FoWlor HaU. A capacity crowd of approximately 1,4()0 persons attended the iectufe.
Practice For “Garmita” Nears Glose
Cast Will Mehearse Last Time Today ; Tickets Still Available;
The daughter of nobility, the countess received a liberal education under the Catholic influence of her mother and became impressed by the needs of the masses, she said. Her father was described as sharing less the yiewpoint of the Common people than her mother.
Practice sessions for “Carmita”, the Student Union show which will be presented tomorrow night at 8 o’clock at the Mars Theatre, took on a final polish in yesterday’s dress rehearsal, and, beginning at 8 o’clock this morning, members of the cast will assemble for the last time before the curtain goes up to the general public. Mary Friend and Wiley ShuttleWorth, romantic leads, were reported as doing a fine job in the clinches while Ruth Grimm, the college girl, and Fred Ehren, a bigj brute butler, lend their aid in com-
Reserved seats for “Garmita” may be obtained from the boxoffice of the Mars Theatre betweeri 1 and 9 p. m. today. All seats are reserved for the evening performance apd are priced at 50 and 36 cents. A general admission charge of 40 cents will be made for the afternoon performance which will begin at 1:30 tomorrow.
Speaking on “Russia of Yesterday and Today” the Countess painted a colorful picture of her life during the czarist days and related how she was imprisoned during the revolution because of her opposition to the desecration of her church. 'Soiviet Progress Citing progress in industry and education under the Soviet system, the countess asserted tha.t the masses are now offered opportunities which previously had been denied them. She described the people as childlike in their new-found happiness and stated that the Russians' look to the United States as their'model in indusiry. The key to world peace, Countess Skariatina believes, is in a better understanding of the conditions that promote friendliness. ■ The countess said that, although she does not agree with some of the present RusMan principles, she favors conditions which benefit the masses of the people.
. Ward Stallings, Delta Upsilon, and Miss Dorothy Martenet, Kappa Alpha. Theta, will lead the grand ■ snarCK'ut; the annual. Sophomore Cotillion in the Memorial Union Building this evening.
Ace Brigode’a “Virginians” T^PU^
Honorary To Name Pledges
Approximately 350 couples will dance tO' the music of Ace Bri^bde’s “yirginians” at the annual Sophomore CdtiliioE tpnight from 9 to 1 o’clock in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. The affair, the only formal social function of the sophomore class, is sponsored by Skull and Crescent. All
arrangements for the dance
had been completed last night, according to an announcement
from the committee.
Ward StallingSi chairman of the committee, and Miss Dorothy Murtenet will lead the grand inarch in the ballroom at 10:30 tonight. They will be followed by other members of the committee and
153 Complete Short Coiirse Work Today
Grain School
edy. George Claypool, a salesman, contributes to the comedy while Louise Hanley, the jilted maiden, seeks the affections of lover Shuttleworth. Theme Song Strains of “Carmita”, theme song of the musical comedy, will linger after the curtain has gone down and Jane Allen’s between-the-act feature, “The Dance”, will also be remembered, according to the spectators at yesterday’s dress rehearsal. Eugene Wright plays the part of Carmita’s father and sports an ac^ cent that is uncahny, while Mary (Continued on page 4)
Announced
Group T® Study Grad-
Announcement was made yesterday that a comfiiercial Grain Grading School, under the direction of Prof. F. E. Robbins, will be held here Wednesday and Thursday of next week. About 65 grain inspectors will attend the school, which is sponsored by the University with the cooperation of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Association.
Diimer In Union
Honors Prof. Troop
More than 46 students, staff members and their wives, as well as several out of town guests, attended a dinner last night in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building in honor of Professor James Troop and Mrs. Troop. The dinner was sponsored by the Thomas Say Entomological Society in recognition of Prof. Troop’s 83rd birthday. Completing his 62nd year of continuous service on the University faculty, he is the oldest member of that group. Following the dinner, H. E.
Meetings The meetings are being held to provide further training in commercial grain grading, and will consist entirely of laboratory work. The group will study the grading of corn, oats, wheat, and soybeans. In addition, damaged grains, moisture tests, and the new grain grading standards will be studied. E. F. Johnson, soybean expert from St. Louis, Mo., vdll speak to the group at one of the sessions. Professor Robbins will be assisted by . W. B. Combs, of the federal grain supervisor’s staff, Chicago; and C. A. Russell, grain supervisor, of Indianapolis,
ANNOUNCES PLEDGING
Brown, president cjf the society, in-
Pi Kappa Phi fraternity annouces the pledging of L. W. Halsey, Terre Haute.
troduced Prof. J. 'J. Davis, of the entomology staff, who in turn paid tribute to Prof. Troop in his introduction of the honored guest. Prof. Troop discussed many important incidents during his long associa-
tion with the University.
Barnard alunmae earned an average of $1,962 each last year.
CANCELLATIONS
Debris Sides To Close
Sales of the 1936 Debris will close tomorrow afternoon at 6:30 o’clock. The Debris office will be open from 4 to 5:30 this afternoon and all day tomorrow. The yearbook is priced at $6.00. It will not be necessary to make a do^ payment in purchasing a Debris.
Students who wish to cancel assignments without grade should do so before noon Saturday, March 14. Cancellation cards may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards must be signed by the head of the school and, H possible, by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the registrar’s office. - M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
300 Hear Dr; Gilbreth
Programs will be available today a,t a speck! desk in the Union lobby, and may be obtained by presentation of the stubs attached to Cotillion tickets.
President £I!l®tt Will Award Certificates At
Persomndity In Ohimimug Position.
Personality is more likely to aid a person in getting a job than it will keeping the job once he has it, was one of the points stressed by Dr. Lillian GilbrOth, University professor of management and consulting engineer in management in New York City, in the sixth of a series of employment lectures held yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The audience consisted of
everyone attending the affair. Other committee members include Emmett Phelpsi Hugh Forster, N. S. Chapin, S. J. Wuletich, and W. F. Bailey. Decorations
approximately 300 persons. In ker talk, which was entitled “Techniques of Effectiveness”, DrGilbreth also stressed the importance of a job seeker knowing what he is going to say when he interviews a representative of a company for a job. The job seeker should have a definite idea of what he wants to do, what he can do, and what he does not want to do. Dr. Gilbreth is widely known as one of the foremost authorities on management, and has had wide experience as a consulting engineer, both in America and in Europe,
and her talk represented the practical viewpoint of business and industry. She is also the author of many authoritative books, papers, and articles on management, education, psychology, and homemaking, and is one of the few women admitted to the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Next Thursday, C. L. Harrod, president of the Indianapolis Light and Power Company, will talk at the last of the lecture series on the subject of “Finding Employment”, The lecture will be held in Eliza Fowler Hall at 4 p. m.
Decorations are in the form, of a China Clipper ship with the orchestra on the prow. The backdrop portrays the “Goddess of Speed” painted in brilliant cplors, and the other ballroom decorations virill be in the same motif. Pledges to Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary, will be announced during an intermission before the grand! march.
Certificates indicating successful completion of the annual wintmr course in agricultmre will be awarded to 163 men at ike exercise marking formal close of the course this morning at 9:30 o’clock in Ag Hail. President Elliott will award the certifi(mtes, and T. A. Colmnan, director of extension work, will address the group on “The Purdue Man”.
Banquet ; Members of Skull and Crescent and their dates will attend a formal banquet in the Union Building this evening at 6:15 o’clock. Several of the faculty chaperones for the dance also will be guests at the dinner. Programs for the Cotillion are of heavy black celluloid embossed with silver wings, with gold and black cord.
In Telegram To Countess
By Dorothea Justin Irina Skariatina, Russian countess, is a charming, glowing woman. She is the sort of person one goes into raptures over. She is slender, petite, radiant. Her dark hair was worn waved over her ears. She completely captivated her convo audience, which listened entranced to her dramatic story of Russia and her experiences. Her voice was pleasing, her talk
Dr. Clarke Speaks At AChS Meeting
amazing. She accented her colorful lecture by bits of American Slang, and she was acquainted with Purdue University actions. The first football game she ever witnessed was a Navy-Purdue game at Annapolis in 1926.
WAA Nominates Co-ed Candidates
Telegram.,. Happily she spoke of her American husband, Victor Blakeslee, a graduate of the United States Naval Academy, and the telegram he sent last evening. Quoted in full, it reads:
“All High Wishes. O. M. Sends Greetings. Also Greeting To . Purdue On ,. Tying IndtaBia For The Conference Championship. Cheers To The Best Basketball Team. In The World. Love. Vicky.”
Mrs. Blakeslee seemed prouder of being called that than her other name. Countess Skariatina. Her fascinating story of Imperialistic Russia, of the revolutions, her sufferings caused by belonging to the aristocrat class, her narrow escapes from death, all made a panorama of her past life. The vibrant, lovely Countess Skariatina exclaimed that though there was much to find pathetic in the new order, that Russia’s new government would mature, and that she believed it was better than the old autocratic regime. Mrs. Blakeslee, at the Union reception, was. almost engulfed in the eager rush of admiring students. She is a charming womap, with youthful appeal. As a delightful gesture, she kissed mp as she swept opt on President Elliott^s arm.
Primary elections for next year’s W. A. A. oificers held in the Worn en’s Gym yesterday afternoon named the following candidates to be voted upon Wednesday: presi dent, Betty Arnold and Minadel Venemann; vice president, Emily Tubbs and Mary Humphreys; treas urer, Betty Coit and Mary Ellen Delaplane; secretary, Ruth Vfiley and Elizabeth Maier. | Katherine Dunwoody, W. A. A* president, presented the tentative list of names composed by the nominating committee for approval. No additional; nominations were made by the members present. The election of W. A. A., W. S. G. A., and Y. W. C. A. officers wil be held Wednesday from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m
Dr. B. L. Clarke, head of the micro-analytical division of the Bell Telephonje Company labbra tories in New York City, addressed a meeting of the American Chemical Society yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room 106 of the Chem-
istry Building.
His address dealt with methods and, uses of micro-analysis, a sys tern of qualitative and quantitative analysis treating minute quantities of unknown, and he concludied by giving examples of unique types of analysis. A dinner was held in his honor in the reception room of the Union Building last night. Dr. Clarke is on an extended speaking tour, and spoke at the University of Cincinnati Wednes
day evening.
The list of “graduates” announced last night by V. C. Freeman, assistant dean of agriculture, included 40 in animal huslrandry, 43 in general agriculture, 45 in dairy manufacturing, and 25 in dairy production. The totbl enrollment this year was 168, the largest since 1915. Special awards fca? scholastic achievement win he made by the various departmental heads. Music for the event this morning will be provided by the winter course orchestra directed by Prof. F. E. Robbins. . ' . Banquet Approximately 175 persons at^ tended the annual Winter course' banquet at the West Side M. E. church last night. Main featinres of the meeting included presentation of the awards in the various judging contests and an address by Dean J. H. Skinner, on "The Agriculture of Tomorrow”. In adffition, student representatives of each of the four options spoke Mriefly. Winners of the contests are as follows: dairy mannfacturmg, C. W. Turner, of FrsnMin; dairy production, Floyd Heald, of Plainfield; animal husbandry, W. M. Fultz, of Royal Center; gen^l agriculture, Donald Paarlberg, of Grown Point.
Comely Co-ed Copying Comic’s Caper Loses
Lid In Beep Bitch
G, P. Wedker To Address Agronomy Seminar
Playshop Tickets Will Go On Sale Monday
Tickets for “Behold This Dream-
er”, a Playshop production to be given March 20 and 21 in Duncan Memorial Hall, will go on sale Monday at 4 o’clock at the Playshop ticket booth in the Memorial Union Building. The ticket booth vdll remain open each evening from 4 until 6 o’clock from Monday , until Saturday. Reserved coupon holders may also call for their reservations during this time. Box office seats will be available to thb general public at 60 cents each. All seats are reserved.
G. P. Walker, associate of soils in the agronomy department and director of outlying experimental fields, will address the agronomy seminar in Agricultural Hall this afternoon at 4 o’clock. He wiU dis cuss the Decatur sugar beet experimental field. He will explain experiments testing fertilizer treatments for sugar beets, which are being carried on at the Central Sugar Company, at Decatur.
By Dorothea Justin It is the comics’ favorite theme at this time of year, so hatoxsdly one would never expect it to occur/ But it did! It? Well, just visualize a more or less good natured co-ed skittering along at hm very best speed against a stiff, cold and blustering March wind. And then think of her amazement, disgust, and horror at finding her hat completely off her head, and sailing speedily toward one of the deep ditches 'now decorating the campus. Think of her sad, griped feeling when she could not match the rapidity of the zipping wind, and vainly grabbed at the little number which once covered her now wind-tousled tresses. She watched the hat settle on the bottom of the man-made
Prom Tickets
All those wishing to apply for permits to purchase Prom tickets must do so before 5:30 o’clock this afternoon. Payment for all tickets must be made at the cashier’s office by 12:30 Saturday, March 21, contrary to a stdteinent in yesterday’s Exponent.
ravme. Think Of Her Think of her sei^ation as she saw it roll into a gooey looking mud puddle, and her further sensations when the sympathetic read guard queried, “Lost your hat?” It was proof of the lifelikeness of the funnypapers, although the girl had never intemded doing research on the subject. Also, it 'wsri a funny looking hat, hut ifa funnier looking now!
Cleveland College, Ohio, students receive complete sdmsster ^dqs in photostat form.
' SiPurdue exponent
VWaaded In S88S
1&86<1986 Member Assoetated Collegiate Press DSstHbntor of OOIXEGIATE M@ES¥
BlMaber of National Celli^ Press Association, Bis Ten Bditorlsl Assodatien Sadashrclr B^sesented by National Advertisins Senriee, Inc. 430 Madison Atrenne, New fork CSiy
Kntered as second class matter at the poet office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by (Ban. 18.60 per year. delivered by earner, $2 BO per year, sold by single copy, 2 eents.
Bnsiness Phone 5088
MAD? OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Dailf Student Publication of Purdue University
Editor-in-Chief „ Managing Editor Associate Editors ~ Sports Editor^ Associate Sports EditorsSophomore Assistants C fiarper, Jr Bold and Black Editor
EDITOEIAD STAFF ^ „ _ _ _ _ JH V. Heuser C H. Campbell _ AM. Chasteen, C. M. Hardin, W T Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G Walther „ __ JM. E Hays „1 _ " _ D F Mull, E. H Walpole, L. D. Wood K. A Barnette. J E Brock, A. H Forester, R. P. Mamon, C L Sadler, R C Schenk, J L von Harz „ W. R Abbott
Bnsiness Manager Advertising Manager Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager Circulation Assistants
BUSINESS STAFF _ „ „ _ W A Koch H F Antomni _ " L. H Brown, R. Creek, D C Miller _ -RJ Hulse ^ J G Girard, G R Shields
Editor Associate Editors
WOBURN’S STAFF , _ _ _ L_ Joyce Williams Helen Creech Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann
Friday, March 13, 1936.
Issue Editor—A. Bametteo
Understanding, Friendship, And Peace Irina Skariatina brought her talk at convocation last night to a dramatic close when she said that she enjoyed speaking to audiences both in America and in Russia because . . understandmg promotes friendship, friendship promotes peace, and that is what we need.” The words seem trite in print, but as they brought to a close a very illuminating address, the words had significance. America has its envoys, its ambassadors, and its goodwill agents, but a talk such as a capacity audience heard last night will carry with it more mutual understanding, more good will than a score of government agents. As current movements m Europe become more serious and the world again assumes the proportions of a powder keg, the Countess’ words seem to stand out. Is it not mutual misunderstandings that comprise hatreds and jealousies of nations, and are these not the fundamental factors that eventually lead to war? It is hard for friend to fight friend, and friends are easy to make on a common ground. Our guest speaker paraphrased a retort used by the Russian autocracy when they would be approached by peasants— “Forget your senseless dreaming.” The quotation, in a different sense, may be applied to modern times. Yes, forget your senseless dreaming, abolish the i^l-founded and petty hatreds that have pyramided through the ages, and with them ^1 go the turmoil of today. There are two regrets: First, that the entire student body does not or can not take advantage of the opportunity of hearing such addresses, and, second, that there are not more opportunities,
Care For The Unfit Degeneration of the human race because of the inadequacy of natural selection is foreseen as an alarming possibility in a report by a Northwestern University medical professor last week. The report, published by the Associated Press, states that sterilization of the unfit is the only possible method of saving the race from extinction. Nature’s program of maintaining a strong race is to prevent survival of the unfit by severe conditions of life. This plan of eugenics is no longer in operation, the report says, for civilization has intervened to care for the unfit and nurse them to maturity, allowing them to reproduce and perpetuate their defects. Favorable results have been reported in twenty-eight states which have adopted sterilization laws. In addition, these laws have been approved by medical authorities, probation officers, social workers, and others who have had first-hand contact with such cases. Although there is some obj’ection to sterilization on the grounds that too little is known about it, it is no longer in the experimental stage, for more than 70,000 successful operations are on medical records. Although the advisability of sterilization is a highly controversial matter, it seems logical to require a sacrifice on the part of a few individuals for the protection of the future. The problem of race degeneration is too important to overlook the possibility of sterilization as a remedy.—A. M. C. READERS’ OPINION The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers Typewritten articles are preferred
Cullural Aspects Of College To the Editor: A campus specializing in scientific research and technical investigation tends too often to neglect the cultural aspects of life. A well balanced education should be the aim of every college student; and the development of this balance is a vital issue in the life of a student in a scientific and technical school s^ch as Purdue University, where it is the student’s own initiative and ambition which determines his educational accomplishment. On the Purdue campus we are attempting to offer the stu dents a program in a rather miniature form—^which is available to all who are interested enough to make use of the opportunity to balance and equalize this thing which we call a college training. May we hope for the re-establishment of the old Harlequin club and its annual musical production as well as the continuation of Playshop—and the recognition and all-campus support of all active cultural student organizations now operating on the campus. The musical organizations—namely, the Girls’ and Men’s Glee clubs, the two choirs, the University Choir and the Purdue Concert Choir, and our excellent Military Band—are all endeavoring at various times throughout the college year to give the student body and the University staff an opportunity of showing their interest in and respect for local musical advancement; and it is of advantage to all concerned when these groups are well supported. May we hasten the day when the Purdue campus shall be not only the home of hard fighting Boilermakers, outstanding engineers, and eminent scientific and agricultural specialists, but that this same student body of college men and women shall be equally known for their cultural background, well tempered and well balanced training, and that our graduates will be reading for useful citizenship, capable of living this life in its most abundant way.—^Albert P. Stewart.
Beanblos^om, Indiana, March 13, 1936. Dear B & B: Ma said) as how you all up there at Purdue needed some good clean dirt about what was agoin’ on, so I’m sending what Iv’e heard and can print. Love, Lullabelle. Tonight is the night for last year’s freshmen to reign supreme. Under the proficient leadership of Stallings and Martenet all should be serene (at the dance anyway). With spring coming on, the new co-captains,i Downey and Seward should turn their attention to new sports. Sewa:^ prevailed upon his, Betty Wren, to transfer here so he IS well taken care of, but there is still Downey seemingly unattached as yet. Reports on the Theta Baur and Delt Van Winkle feud follow: At close of round —Van goes home and smashes new top hat— At close of round 2—Van goes home and tears up Betty’s picture. At cSos© off round 3—Van goes home and breaks his slide rule. Such an expensive way of giving vent to one’s anger. More to follow at a later date. PLAYING WITH FIRE—A NARRATIVE Triangle Burks rushes Eleanor Robbins (Chi O ’36) in Robbins’ parlor. Burks imports Eleanor Peden for week-end. Import stays with Robbins. Burks rushes import in Robbins’ parlor. Burks and Robbins take import to train. Now Burks rushes Robbins in Robbins’ parlor. Delt Dyrenforth escorted Pi Phi pledges Blocker, Bryant, and Blow safely to the Hall. As the hour for parting drew near, Dyne, in his most gallant manner, bestowed upon each one a kiss of goodnight. Such generosity should not go unnoticed, DEAR READER Do you know. What keeps every freshman from breaking under the strain? What keeps each poor freshman from going quite insane? What saves timid freshmen from softemng of the brain? NOTHING ! ! ! ! —swiped. Our squash team can win meets and they can also add plenty of color on their jaunts. At Michigan last week-end, “Plash” Noll attended one of the big dances but left his date in the middle of the dance floor. And they say that Purdue co-eds are snobs. FLASH ! ! ! ! “Blood Count” Van Hoesen gives each customer a packet of matches with each package of CHEWING tobacco. She carries a freshman card but claims to be a sophomore at heart, (we were bribed to print the above by Jess Dehl.) «—!!»«■ Gum-peddhng McConnell is being seen these days with Theta pledge
DANCE Satiirdayp Marcii Mth ALLEN’S BALLROOM Swing to the Music of Ken Eberslioff and His Gold and Black Aces Sponsored by Sons of Union Veterans
CHILDREN’S Dancing; Classes Open Ballet and Tap Sat., March 21st Terms Reasonable Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Perry-
prof. Chapman To Speak To Foresters Prof. H. H. bhapman, former member of the U. S. Forest Service and professor of forest management at Yale University, will speak at the annual Forestry club banquet to be Md Friday, March 20. Prof. Chapman, who is also president of the Society of American Foresters, will speidc on “The Profession of Forestry”. The banquet will be at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics Euilding. Besides speaking at the banquet, Prof. Chapman will be the guest of honor at a luncheon of University officials that night and at a smoker Sat the home of Prof. B. N. Prentice, department head, on the following day. The Forestry banquet last year drew more than 100 persons. Forestry officials expect a large crowd this year.
Home Ec Group Plans ‘'*s Mother’s Day Broadcast Plans for the annual “Mother’s Day” broadcast by the Indiana Home Economics Association over WBAA, Umversity station, Saturday, May 9, were tentatively outlined at a meeting of the commit tee in charge yesterday. The committee IS headed by Mrs. K. H Holloway, of Clinton county, and others serving with her are Mrs Howard Newton, Romney, and Mrs. W. L. Grantham, of Carroll county. Mrs. O. L. McCay, Romney, state president, also met with the committee. Details of the program will be finally completed within a few days
Moore. Gum to tMuk of It, we thought he didn’t like Purdue co-eds. CONTMB There was a cute Kappa co-ed Who was fond of a handsome phys-ed It’s all over now Since they’ve broken their vow. But the reason is best left unsaid —^the goon. The last word in aviation is tail spin.
ARC LAST DAY CHARLES FARRELL in “FigMilig Youth” and KEN MAYNARD in “Western Courage” also “ADVENTURES OP REX AND RINTY”
TODAY - SATURDAY
EDWARD MARIAN ARNOLD MARCH
LAST TIMES TODAY Mmmmmm'
Twenty members of the local chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta sorority are going to Indianapolis tomorrow to attetod their state dance. The affair will be held at the Columbia club and Dick Shelton and his orchestra will furnish the music. A number of members also are planning to attend the luncheon at noon. Kappa EAppa Gamma members of the local chapter will be represented at their state luncheon and dance at the Indianapolis Athletic club tomorrow. DePauw, Indiana, and Butler as well as the local chapter will also send representatives to the affair. -—sb"'' Members of Chi Omega sorority will be hostesses to the Sigma Phi Epsilon and Delta Upsilon fraternities at an informal tea Sunday afternoon. —sb— Alpha Chi Omega sorority will entertain Phi Kappa Tau and Beta Theta Pi fraternities at tea Sunday afternoon at 2 and 4 o’clock respectively Arrangements are in charge of Autumn Thatcher.
Petitions Diie March 21 For PIA Nominations All candidates for nomination to P. I A. offices must present a petition signed by 26 members of P. I. A. by noon Saturday, March 21. Candidates for offices other than the presidency must have been engaged in P. I. A. activities for at least a year. Presidential aspirants must have been active for two years and must be a junior. Petitions should be given to Nelly Harris, co-ed executive. Nominees must be approved by the dean of men and the P. I. A. board. The election wil be held April 8.
Family TODAY - SATURDAY FiiiTiEi mm. nisi liiii Ulsl
to 6i8 "Ste^g Ky" is ALMA LLO» PLUS The Great Air Mystery
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Spring 1936 / Suits and Topcoats Mich Choice Patterms Skilled Tailoring ( Unmatched Values Single or Double Breasted Sport Backs Arrow Shirts New Fancy Patterns Kent Collars Sport Back Sweaters Come In and See Them s©iira^^©M’sChampion^ At Chicago Tomorrow
Coach Orval Martin and eight Boilermaker trackmen will leave Xkfayette hiorningi^to seek Honors in the ann^ Webern Gonf^ehcd Indoot Track to be
staged today and tonaoi:tow in the^^ C^^
House. Purdue will send her team against a picked
cc^ege a^
the cream of the Big Ten crop. The meet this week end is expected to bring' one of the greatest assaults to existing records in recent years. Indiana is generally regarded by track follpwetrs to be the favorite to run off with high point honors, althougb Michigan, defending champion, will present a well balanced team to cope with the favorites.
Roster
Included in the roster of the Boilermakers making the trip to Chi^ cage are Glendenning, Bluemel, Williamson, Stalcup, Vaughh-Catt, Soles, Fifield, and Terhune. CoCaptain Glendenning and Frank Soles will represent the Old Gold and Black squad in the half-mile and Ed Bluemel and Bill Fifield will handle the quarter mile run in the preliminaries tonight while the remaining events will be run off tomorrow. The system used by the officials of the conference meet will be to eliminate all but six men in the quarter and half mile events in the preliminaries tonight and the field events tomorrow morning. In addition to the field event preliminaries, the dash and hurdles will be staged in the morning. Stalcup and Vaughn-Catt are running the dashes for the Boilermakers. Stalcup, better known for his football ability, won a first place at the Chicago; meet two weeks ago, is expected to furnish the fleet Bob Collier, Indiana speed artist, with plenty of competition. Collier, however, is picked to win the 60 yard event since he ran the distance in :06.2 for a long time the record jn that distance, against Piirdue a week ago. Williamson,
Risk Dental Clinic PAUIi A. KISK ■ KOBEKT G. MSK HAROUJ 1. KESK ■ LUTHER A. RISK . 400 Schultz BWsr. Phone 5701 Corner 4th and Main
Satisfy both your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DRAG■ ^ HAS EVERYTHING, . , fora COLLEGE EDUCATION . H. Go REISNER
The thinking; fellow ealla . A YELLOW • V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Cars for Special Occasiona 25c per passenger any part of the city 6023 PHpNES 3071 YELLOW CAB CO.
P. Vernor At
Big f en S^m Captain Paid Yernor, Purdue’s lorie entry in the annual Big Ten swimniing meet, left yesterday in the company of Coach Larry LaBree for the events in the University of Minnesota pool in Minneapolis. The Boilermaker captain, who has been a consistant Winner in dual competition for the dash events this season, will swim in the
60 and 220 yard dashes.
Although faced with some of the best competition in the country, Vernor is given an excellent chance to get through the preliminaries today in preparation for the final events tomorrow night. Since the Purdue pool is a twenty yard tank, most of the events held in the home water are multiples of twenty, and the shorter dash is 60 yards. For the competition in Minneapolis the shorter event is 50 yards long, an advantage to a swimmer who is accustomed to ten more yards of exertion. Against Wisconsin, Vernor splashed through the water in :65, one of the best marks recorded here in years for the 60 yard dash.
taking the high jumps, will be the lone Purdue man in the field events.
Relay: Team ;
According to Coach Martin in a statement issued last nighL he expects to use Glendenning, Terhune, Bluemel and Fifield in the respective order for the relay. This quartet with the exception of the replacement of Terhune instead of Soles, heat Indiana in the mile relay in a dual meet sit Blopnaington last Saturday in 3:26. Lash . Aims At Rbcord ; Indiana’s second member expected to lower the present records is Don Lash, sensational junior distance runner, who has bettered the two mile mark consistently in conference. dual meets this season. ,Against the Boilermakers, Lash covered the two miles in 9:14.1, more than four seconds faster than the record. Since a record is not pfficiqly recorded on the Big Ten books unless it is made during a conference meet. Lash’s mark is not official, although fie should do at least this well with the addition
of competition.
Glendenning in Tight Race Bob Carter, Northwestern sophomare all-around track man will be a threat in the high hurdle event, but will be met with a large share of competition by Dan Caldemeyer of Indiana. A real race is expected in the half mile when Glendenning, Hobbs, of Indiana, and Ray Ellingwood, a former Purdue student, and now a member of the Maroon squad, tangle for competition, El lingwood and Hobbs have run the first and second fastest half miles recorded this season, Ellingwood
Interfraterniiy Volleyball Begim Tuesday Night By Don Wilson Now that basketball is practical^ ly a thing of the past and other interfraternity sports are quieting dcbvn, we find that A ndw seksbh is to b^ epened Tdesdasr^ M This' sport, yoUeyball, had been played for several yeaTs. and ihr tdrest in it has never bedn overwhelming. Dshhle Elimination Toiirney The usual tournament will be handled much in the same manner of other intramural sports. Each team will play three games in the first round. Teams entered wifi be (fivided into two groups, one group iheeting on Tuesday and the Other on Wednesday. Teams are to report at 7 p. m. The eight best teams from the first round will go into a double elimination tournament that will start Tuesday, March 24,v and be finished Wednesday and Thursday, March 25 and 26. Equipment is available for practice and sports managers are urged to get their men out some time prior to March 17 for practice. A trophy will be given the fraternity winning the championship and medals to members of the winhing team. Rules The following set pf rules will govern the play: six men to a team. Must rotate on serve. Ball must go over oh third volley. No assist on serve—^net ball served again. Net ball after serve is good. T,ouching net or reaching over net.^oses point. Ball striking varsity basketball goals played over.. All games to 21 points—must be 2 up. Each team plays 3 games—8 best go to finals. Player must not volley twice consecutively. All other points not taken into consideration in this list will be governed according to the official rule book.
PicH f earn For
Wesley Foiimdation Will; Give St. Patrick's Day Party Members of Wesley Foundation will entertain friends at a St. Patrick’s Day party this evening at 8 o’clock at the Foundation House. A program, games, and refreshments will carry out the idea of the Irish saint’s holiday. Arrangements for the evening are in charge of Muriel Plank and Dora May P’atterson. **The, Alabaster Box”, a Lenten play produced by the Wesley Players, will be repeated Sunday evening at 7:30 at the Christian church.
NOTICE
Intramural officials announced last night that tomorrow will be the last day for entrants to sign up for all-cam-pus table tennis tourney. All persons interested are asked to report to the intramural office in the g3rm and sign up for the tournament which will begin soon. An entrance fee of ten cents will be charged.
Silvennan, Seaborg, Hammann To Attend Tourney Officials annoimced last night that elimination > trials had been completed for the priyilege of representing ;Pur due in the Big Ten fencing ehanipioMship meat at Chicago ibis week-end. Gapt. Jack Silverman, of Chicago, 111., who was runner-up for the foils tit]te last year, will represent the BoilerttiakCrs in hi^ specialty. SilveiTOan has been making an unusually good showing this year and has quite a few victories in his string of competitive meets including Chicago and Illinois. Illinois is considered to have the best fencing team of all Big Ten squads this feason. James Seaborg, South Bend, won the right to represent Purdue in the sabre. Seaborg has also shown a fine record this year and has considerable talent in his line. Jack Hammann, of St. Louis, Missouri, will he entered in the epee.
‘‘The Purdue”
General Hoiifles, Inc., of Cfajcagn, producer of '“ready-made” houses, has named one of its new models “The Purdue”. This house, the same as the one built on the housing research campus, is described in a recently published circular. The franie, of Tressed sfeel studs and beams, is covered with asbestos cemCnt board, afemninUm foil insulation, Uiid plsTwood. Roof panels are of plywood and aluminum foil insuIaUon covered with galvanized iron sheets. This Cellarless, flat-roofed houfe erected at the University is the fifet house ever built using this particular style of
construction. .
Glider Qnb Plans Trip To Empire, MleMgan Under the leadership of its president, Ai L. Wood, the University Glider club is planning to make a trip to Sleeping Bear Soaring Ridge near Empire, Michigan, during spring vacation. The flights will be made on the winds Moving in from Lake Michigan over the ridge, which is about 500 feet high. A record sixrhour flight was made over this ridge last year and gliding experts say that the soaring possibilities of tMs ridge snay exceed those of the famous ones in Germany. Club members say that if the winds keep blowing as they have so far this month, it is possible that they may set several new records. Club members have mounted a new winch on the back of their car and are building a trailer to transport the secondary glider to Michigan.
Mary Garrard Named Altmsa Executive Mary Margaret Garrard, ’28, daughter of Dr. and Mrs. C. B. Kem, Lafayette, was recently naade permanent executive secretary of National Altimsan clubs. According to the monthly news sheet of the Women’s Press clubl of Indiana, Mrs, Garrard will be listed in the latest edition of “Who’s Who Among Association Executives”, published by the Institute for Research in Biography, Inc. The Biography of Mrs, Garrard is also found in the “Who’s Who Directory of American Business Women”.
Annapolis expects increased enrollment. Legislation now pending would allow each congressman 5, instead of 4 appointments.
CA.Ente-ntAddms AIEB On BtMge BnOdtag snbiect at a Isik by VioL
Ellis, of the civil engineering i
isSsssi
before the local branch of the A. £ E. E. Wednesday evening. Profes-
sor Ellis is one of the
structural engineers in the United States and is a consultant for the
A U. of Texas co-ed has decided the depression’s over. She was named co-beiieficiary of a million dollar estate.
Golden Gate bridge. The meeting will be held in room 254 of the E. E. Building.
NOTICE Anyone infer^ted fe babig^ ward manager fer 'either Ward 7 or 12 call at the infeamtiral office at 4 o’clock today or tomorrow. Medals may be oh-: tained at the end of the 'ter.'.-'-R. M. ENEPPLE.
vSliiSSiw ( ‘V 0 f
Drink MUR for
Call JOHNSON Phone 41BS2
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
rtf nilfor the Sciph®iii®re ,C©tiilwn
from
^OTH,
lOTlSt* Inc,
Serving Purdue for 36 Years 6S5 Main StJ, Luna Theatre Bldg. Phone 7935 ... 8050
WBAA
Ship-
11 00—Sociology Lecture. Prof Noss.
11:60—^Pordoe News Flashes 12:00—^Asricoltoral Forum. R.
man. ,
12:16—Orval Wray's Orchestra 12-30—Luncheon Dance Music
12.46—Athletic lEleview.
1.00—Electrical Engineering Shop. 1 16—Mary Ann Gkdfrey, contralto 1 30—The Apothecary. H G DeKay.
1 45—Pinai Markets
2:00—The Radio Playshop. West La-
fayette High School
2 30—Lafayette Music Society 3 00—Lucille Mayhill “World Peace”.
Works Of Purine Students Sent To Big Ten Art Exhibit Art works of Lillian Peterson, Catharine Ann Cromer, J. W. Anderson, Belle Robbins, and B. S. Sheinwald have been sent to the Big Ten Art Exhibit to be held in the Union Building at Iowa University April 27 to May 4. These were selected from over forty at the local show. Entries were judged by Miss Laurentza Schantz-Han-sen, of the department of applied design, and M. L. Vallely.
^or the Sophomre Cotiliin
The evening will not be complete
* W
FOR SALE—Modern bungalow, five rooms, complete bath, pantry, breakfast nook, full basement, concrete porch across front, new garage, good garden, some fruit, flowers, shrubbery. Reasonable down payment, terms. Possession April 1st. 227 S. Salisbury.
Chamberlin’s Special for this week—Almond Toffee and Vanilla. Order it. It’s delicious.
For Sale—Debris receipt, $4.00. Phone 31761.
Transportation to Boston or New York. Call Gilbert, 2377, for particulars.
NOTICES
No notices accepted after 8 p. m.
Condition Exam—^An exam for the removal of conditions in chemistry 1 will be given in room 101, Education Building Saturday afternoon, March 14, at 1 p. m. Application for permission to take this exam must be made at room 210, Chemistry Building, not later than March 12. By special arrangemenl: an exam in chemistry 2 may be taken at this time. Another exam for removal of condition will not be given until September. —HASS, TEST.
Chemistry Condition Exams—Exams in chemistry 29 and 107 will be held Saturday, March 14, at 1 p. m., in room 101 Education Building. Applications must be made on or before March 12. —^NELSON.
Removal of Condition Grade in M. T. 2— All students who received a C grade in M. T. 2 (gunnery) last year report to Capt. Hayford at the Armory before noon March 21 and arrange for removal of the grade. —HAYFORD.
Union Workers—Please meet in sub-base-ment at 4: Stallings, Marshall, Mueller, Evans, Wantland, Blank, Linville, Vogl, Chapin, Gibson, Pforsheimer, Ruth, Merlam. Favorite, Brattain, Hess and Roper. —SHOEMAKER, QUIGGLE
Gold Peppers—Get your dance tickets at Union desk Meeting postponed until first of next week. Committee chairmen get in touch with me. —HUTCHINSON
Co-ed Volleyball—^Today at 4. Sophomores vs seniors, freshmen vs. juniors. —SCUDDER
May Day—All who were unable to attend tryouts for the May Day pageant dances last night should give their names to Lillian Peterson or C’Dale Boiler some time the first of next week —PETERSON
Playshop—Meeting of property committee in tower room Sunday at 2.30. —GERSHUNY.
without a cor-
sage from
Clark
W. A. A. Basketball—Following games are scheduled for today at 4:30: large gym, W R H vs. Ward 2, small gym. Pi Beta Phi vs Ward 8 —CHARLES.
Delta Rho Kappa—Meeting Monday evening at 8-80 in Union —ROBBINS
Mixed Recreation—Women’s Gym will be open today for men and women. —BRADY
Football Managers—^All freshman man agers report at gym Monday at 8:80. , —MAISH, HODGDON.
Union
Naphtlis and Cariian^Tat Oleaning nBB iVi®nite Hiutli-pruafing Process t® Pr®t®ct Yoiir Garments. No lExtra Charge.
The minute you see youtself in a Crown Pressed Suit th^ more you are impressed with Crown ) Service.
©R0UE3 hmm7
fine cleaners of fine clothes
PRACTICE FOR— (Continued from page 1) I Jean Light was described by observers as “going nuts”. Timid John Brubaker is followed around by Fritzi Walkey in other comedy parts. Virginia Meguiar will be remembered by her excellent performance in last year’s show.
“Bright Young Thing”, and in “Carmita” she plays a more or less identical role. The music will be furnished this year by an aggregation of musical talent under the direction of A. P. Stewart. Contrary to yesterday’s announcement, the orchestra is not made up exclusively of the members of one organization, but rather a scattering of musicians have
volunteered their services. Members of the Union show orchestra are P. Russel, R. Phillips, W. B. Spangler, W. W. Winter, C. M. Coe, E. M. Brown, R. Smeltzer, C. Rudman, J. E. Senne, G, P. Haywood, W. W. Binford, S. M. Hamilton, B. O. Pressler, H. Y. Hunsicker, J. Staiger, and G. W. Bryant, all of whom have donated their services free of charge.
Workers—Members of our committees report in the sub-basement at 4 —PUGH, SHOEMAKER, QUIGGLE
Fl@ril Co.
Phsisie 5432
527 Main
Pineapple
No. 2^2 Tins
RED CROSS BRAND
3 for 49*
RED CROSS BRAND m ^
Macaroni, Spaghetti 4*
Cheese KRAFT’S
6 Varieties, '/2 lb, pkg. No. 10 TIN
Biaek Raspberries Pineapple No. 10 TIN Peanut Butter Pound Jar Candy
Good Assortment, Ib. Minced Ham Sliced, lb. ..
17 59 67 13 1015-
Union Show—All those connected with the Union show, “Carmita”, report at Mars Theatre promptly at 8 this morning —PULLER
Ft. Wayne Bishop Will Hold Catholic Youth Meeting
The Most Rev, John Francis Noll, D. D., bishop of the Fort Wayne Diocese, will conduct a twoday retreat for Catholic youths at St. Boniface church Sunday and Monday. Bishop Noll, outstanding speak er, will open the retreat Sunday evening at 7:30, All Catholic youths between 16 and 26 may attend. St. Boniface church is on the corner of Ninth and North Streets.
Science Committee Will Meet Here Sunday
The executive committee of the Indiana Academy of Science will hold its spring meeting at 2 o’clock Sunday afternoon in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, it was announced yesterday by Dr. L. A. Test, secretary of the academy. Most of the officers will be here in time for a luncheon at 12:30 at the Union, and the afternoon session will follow to make plans for the spring meeting of the entire organization to be held in May.
Alumnae Club Entertains Pi Beta Phi Junior Members
Pi Beta Phi juniors were entertained at a diimer by the Alumnae club Tuesday evening at the home of Dean Mary L. Mathews, on Waldron Street. Buffet dinner in the St. Patrick motif Was served to
M,
thirty-eight guests. Mrs. C Vestal, Mi-s. R. W, Gregory, and Mrs. Burtis E. Horrall assisted Miss Matthews as hostess. Guests included Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith and Mrs. Carl McKibbin, the latter
of Princeton.
id'iiHVi'lriil!! •Jilts
#
ii!i
!.=:M
Mil*- ^
I*
IM
If
A iETTEl SIGHT LAMP FOR ONE WEEK...AND YOU'LL SEE WHAT I MEAN "" sayg KilOWATT
Because “seeing is believing,” we are giving you this opportunity to find out for yourself how much easier it is to see with a Better Sight lamp. You can have one of these lamps, either table or floor model, in your own home, for a one-week FREE trial. There’s no obligation, bee for yourself how this scientifically designed lamp eliminates the glare and shadows that cause eye-strain and protects your family’s eyes from possible permanent injury. Just ask your dealer to put a Better Sight lamp m your home.
PUiLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
We have sold students of Purdue University I.E.S. lamps for the last two years. We are glad to let you tty one for two weeks. H. G. "DEAC” REISNER