J
Purdue
z-tn
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 181
Fridoy, May 17, 1940
Registration Opens At 10 Latest For SDX Newspaper Day News
Irving Pfiaum
Registration will open today at 10 o’clock for “Newspaper Day,” annually sponsored by Sigma Delta Chi. Tickets for the banquet, priced at 75 cents, will be on sale to the public, while all interested may attend the afternoon and evening sessions free. A desk for registration and ticket sales will be placed in
the Union Great Hall,
At 2 o’clock, in room 261 of the union, a symposium on “Present Trends in Journalism” will be pres.ented, with Prof. J. H. McKee presiding. The meeting will consist of a series of talks; Bennet Wolfe, Indiana manager, associate press bureau, on “Prom the Press Association Viewpoint,” Norman Isaacs, Managing editor, Indianapolis Times, on “From the Metropolitan
Viewpoint.” ^ Local Editor Speaks
George W. Stout, editor, Lafay•ette Journal-Courier, on “From the District Daily Viewpoint,” and Allen Bailey, editor of the Delphi Citizen, on “From the Weekly Viewpoint.” At 5 p.m.. Sigma Delta Chi will hold initiation for professional men in room 304, the old Engineer
office.
At 6:30 p.m., in the east faculty lounge of the union, the initiation banquet will feature an address by Irving Pfiaum, foreign editor of the Chicago Daily Times, on “Can We Believe the News from Europe ?” U. P. Man For three years he wrote United Pi ■ess dispatches daily covering the shifting battlefronts, and became, in 1938, chief of the Barcelona bureau. Leaving Spain, he covered a “war threat” speech in Nuremberg, then reported to the Czech crisis two days before the historic Munich Conference. T. R. Johnston, Director of Information, also will speak, and Don Terrio, president of the Purdue Chapter Sigma Delta Chi, will act as toastmaster.
... foreign editor of The Chicago Times, speaker at Annual “Newspaper Day” banquet, to be held this evening in the east faculty lounge of the Union.
All Agronomy
. . . picnic will be held at the Soils and Crops Farm Grove Saturday afternoon. May 25. Games and stunts will be a feature and plenty of refreshments will be provided for all. Competition for the Sickle, emblem of Agronomy, will be resumed between the students and faculty. Tickets must be secured in advance and may be obtained from student and stag representatives.
Street Cars Once Ferried Belles And Beaus To Dances In Town
by Joan Wimborough To have your date tell you that he would call for you in a trolley or street car sounds silly, doesn’t it? But that’s what a perfectly good date would say back in 1905. Mrs. Ruth E. Love, at the transient desk in the Union Building told us all about this unusual method of transporting dancers to and from informal dances. She was one of the 50 co-eds here at Purdue in 1905. She graduated in 1909. Then, there was no Union Building, so the students had all their dances “over town.” Usually they were held at the Griffith DancingAcademy at Seventh and Main sti-eets. Mr. Pearl Allen of the present Allen Dancing Studios, was just a kid then, working for Mr. Griffth, she said. For dinner dances, they sometimes went to the old Lafayette Club on Columbia Street, where Dr. Adah McMahan now has her offices. Cabs and Formals If the dance was formal, the fellows hired cabs—not Yellow Cabs —but hansoms, drawn by horses. If informal, then the organization giving the dance would charter one or more streetcar’s. “Perhaps two, three, or four would all be fastened together, and dancers would be picked up all along the line,” she said. She lived on the corner of Grant and State streets, where the filling station now is, she told us, and the street car which hgd picked up the people from the end of the line would stop at the corner and the conductor would clang the bell, and she and her date would climb on— and so up the line. The fellows would arrange^ before hand just where their pals and dates would be, and have the car stop for them at the girls’ houses, regardless of whether the stop was in the middle of the block or not. Long Rides If some girl lived, say, at the Monon Shops end of the line, then
the whole street car load would ride out to get her, and back again to “town” to the dance. “This ride was one of the best parts of the evening,” Mrs. Love told us. “We would all sing on the way out and back, and in the summer the railway company would put on hot weather open cars, which were more fun to ride than ever.” To get home, then, everyone rode the trolley back to the West Side, and various couples would be “dropped” at the nearest corner. “But, if you wanted something to eat after the dance—and my date was always hungry—we told the president of the organization sponsoring the dance, and he arranged for the street car to come back over and take us back to the West Side later.” Refreshments The place to go to eat at that time of night was a fancy Grille, specializing in steaks and chops, located where Foster’s Furniture store is now, at Fifth and Main streets. “We’d be eating either in the upstairs grille or in the first fioor soda shop, when all of a sudden, we’d hear the trolley bell Clang! Clang! Everybody out for West Side! So back across the levee—and no hours! Good Old Summer Summertime would mean more and longer rides in the trolley in those open cars. For picnics and dances the students would ride out to Tecumseh Trail Park, now the site of the CCC Camp, near the Soldiers’ Home. The Pavillion was glass enclosed on three sides, so that we could dance out over the river. It burned, though, several years ago, she added. Mrs. Love enjoyed telling of her student days. “Perhaps such fun shows how simple we wer, she said, but I say, “Wouldn’t it be fun!”
Clarke Will Head Union Next Year
Huls, Hoffer, Bennett Will Fill Other
Berlin, May 16—Establishing the first leg of a tremendous flanking movement around the north end of the Maginot line, Nazis today claimed the capture and occupation of Longwy, a strategic village just north of the line of French defenses. Re-enacting the details of the famous Von Schlieffen plan of World War I, Germany already talks of a great victory “surpassing even the Marne in significance.” Germans Interned London, May 16—Apparently preparing for action on an even larger scale than is now taking place and to eliminate possible “fifth column” activities, the British home secretary today extended internment to all male Germans and Austrians from 16 to 60 throughout the nation. The British consulate also advised British evacuation of Switzerland. Nazis Advance Paris, May i6—Pushing hard to maintain and extend the advantage gained in yesterday’s crossing of the Meuse, German troops -continued to advance today in the face of desperate allied counter-attacks. Victory Talk Berlin, May 16—Holland has fallen and Belgium is half gone today as the Nazi juggernaut rolls on to new totalitarian victories. Attacking heavily along a 110 mile front stretching from Antwerp to Sedan, the German authorities reported that their divisions had expanded their success by defeating a French motorized column at Namur, 50 miles from Sedan. Huge Bomb Attack London, May 16—Slowing down the German offensive, the British royal air force has launched its greatest bombing attack on military objectives. Pouring tons of high explosive into Nazi troop concentrations and communications behind the lines, the British have attempted to paralyze the support of German columns engaged in the defeating of the low countries. Douglass Will Head Next Year's Inter-Frat Council Don L. Douglass, president of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, was elected president of the InterFraternity Council last night at the meeting held at the Pi Kappa Phi last night at 7:30. Ray Hall, Pi Kappa Phi, was selected as vicepresident of the council, while Tom B. Petty, Delta Tau Delta, was elected secretary and Reinhart H. Bergstedt. Beta Sigma Psi, was chosen treasurer. These men were elected last night by vote of each member, each fraternity having one vote. Although last night’s meeting was the last meeting scheduled for the year, the officers will assume their positions immediately. Don Paarlberg, Hank Miller, Bennie Burns Honored At Banquet Last evening 175 people gathered at Lincoln Lodge for the annual Stage-Stump-Studio banquet. The main speaker of the evening was Professor Arthur Secoi'd of the University of Michigan staff. His topic was titled “The Reward” and was a brief message treated in a humorous vein. Awards and keys were presented to all participants in these activities. The main awards presented by Professor Monroe, went to seniors for outstanding perofrmance throughout their years of participation. Those awards presented went to Hank Miller, for his work on WBAA; Don Paarlberg, for debate work; and Bennie Burns received the Southworth Acting Award for his splendid work on the stage.
Dr. L. A, Pechstein Of U, Of Cincinnati To Talk Tomorrow Dr. Louis A. Pechstein, nationally known psychologist and educator of the University of Cincinnati who is president of the National Council of Education, will appear as a special lecturer before the course in educational guidance at Purdue University tomorrow morning at 9:30 in the lecture room of the Educational building. According to Dr. Irving Brasch, of the division of education and applied psychology, who is in charge of the course, the general public is invited to join with the regular class. Dr. Uechstein, dean of the Teachers College, University of Cincinnati, has hhd a distinguished career in the field of education. In addition to heading the National Council of Education, at the present time he is president of the College Teachers of Education as well as the organization of Municipal Teachers Colleges. Five Organizations To Close Social Season Tonight With Dances Four fraternities and one sorority will close their 1940 social season tonight with dining and dancing while the school year draws nearer to a close. Pi Beta Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Chi, Pi Kappa Phi, and Triangle are the four organizations which will provide entertainment for their members and
guests.
At their annual formal the Pi Phis will herald the coming of spring. The Pi Kappa Phi formal dance will include a buffet dinner at their chapter house. In the South Ballroom of the Union, the Sigma Alpha Epsilons and guests will dance to Dick Cisne’s University of Illinois orchestra. Sigma Chis will entertain-at their chapter house with a semi-formal dance featuring Irvin Maury’s or-
chestra.
Ninth Symphony Goes On Sale In Exponent Office In Lafayette Releasing the ninth of the ten great symphonies to be placed on sale at their headquarters in the Exponent business office, the Lafayette Music Appreciation Society offered Brahm’s “Symphony No. 2 in D. Major” at $1.98 and $2.98 last Wednesday. This campaign will run only three more weeks, until June 5, a week after the last release on May 29. At this time the second section of Cesar Prank’s “Symphony in D Minor” will go on sale. The first section will go on sale on May 22. At present, each of the eight previous releases, including Schubert, Beethoven, Mozart, Wagner, Bach, Debussy, and Tschaikowsky, are all available. Miss Helen L. Walters, manager of the local headquarters, announced that the price of the complete series is now only $18.27, one third of the regular commercial rating. She also announced that Tschaikowsky’s “Nutcracker Suite” and another Beethoven symphony might be made available. Jack McCartney To Play Playing for this Saturday’s mixer will be Jack McCartney and his 12 piece band from DePauw University with McCartney featured on the drums and vocalist Jack Harrison. This appearance will be one of the band’s last engagements before starting a full summer at Pottawatomie Gardens on Lake Tippecanoe on June 8,
Senior Positions For Coming Year Alexander Clarke of the Delta Upsilon social fraternity. Was elected president of the Student Union last night by the electoral board, consisting of L. Valleley, Union manager, F. C. Hockema, substituting for President Elliott, and the four senior officers of this year: Paul Cooper, Louise Schickler, Dave
Brubeck, and Vincent Hruby.
' ' i i .......I Other officers elected were Wil-
liam Huls, SAE, Executive, Robert Hoffer, Phi Kappa i’si, Activities manager, and Ruth Bennet, Kappa Alpha Theta, co-ed executive. '40 Debris Available Monday At 4 O'clock Copies Still On Sale Copies of the 1940 “Debris” will be available in the Debris workshop - on Monday, May 20, starting at four o’clock to those who have paid in full. Remaining financial transactions should be completed. 'Those organizations wishing to receive all their copies at the same time should submit a list of all eligible members to the Debris office before 5:30 p.m.
today.
Copies are still available at the Debris workshop or at the location of the old west desk of the union. Foreign Students To Dance Tonight At 7 Foreign students here at the University will hold a dinner dance tonight at 7 o’clock at Lincoln Lodge. In addition to the installation of new officers, a program has been arranged. Professor and Mrs. D. H. Patterson will present a puppet show and there will be games for those who do not dance. Tickets are still available at the west desk of the Union for $0.65.
Banquet, Dance, Show Feature 1940 Aviation Conference Program Heading the events of this year’s Aviation Conference, the week-end of May 25 and 26, are the Flying Club-Glider Club Banquet, Saturday evening, the annual Airport Dance that night, and the Air Show,
Sunday afternoon.
Flying Club and Glider Club, cosponsors of the Airport Dance, announce that tickets for the occasion remain on sale at the Union west desk. Irvin Maury and their orchestra will play for the dance. In addition, several novelty events will be staged, including the crowning
of an aviation queen.
Captain L. I. Aretz, sponsor of the Air Show, announces that Jimmie . I^olittle, nationally famed fly^,“'will be here for the Show, but vm\ not participate in the flying ac-
tmties.
Mike Murphy’s traveling show will provide thrills and spectacular performances for the afternoon’s audience. Bill Sweet, announcer of last year’s Air Show and the Miami Air Maneuvers this past winter, will announce this year’s Show. The Loening Trophy, presented to the local Flying Club this year, will be on display at the airport during the Air Show.
Collegians Approve Roosevelt's Peace Efforts In European War
Despite the fact that the European peace junket of Under-secre-tary of State Sumner Welles is considered by most all collegiate observers to be just about hopeless, and despite the fact that to date no authentic information has been released concerning the results of the tour, most college newspaper editorialists put their stamp of approval on the Roosevelt gesture in direction of peace. The concensus seems to be “there is no harm in trying,” as the Butler University Collegian put it. Approves Welles Visit The Collegian continued: “To our mind, it seems that the visit of Welles to Europe is nothing more or less than what it is intended to be—a serious fact-finding perusal of European conditions and war trends by a qualified investigator. To us it seems that Welles’ visit, providing he is impai-tial in his findings, should go a long way toward clearing up the international muddle in which our government now finds itself. The primary concern is that some method of accurate dissemination of wartime happenings and trends in Europe be found. If the Welles’ findings can accomplish this, the administration has made a wise and justifiable move. If the Welles’ findings accomplish nothing of material value along these lines, there should still be no kick coming.” The Kent State Uqiyersity Kent Stater views the trip in this light: “By pursuing a policy of continued effort to help the Europeans to secure a lasting peace, the United States places itself in a position of taking the lead in making that peace, even though it is not one of the victorious war belligerents as it was after the first World War.
Mr. Welles will have many informal talks with the heads of European nations. He will undoubtedly obtain much useful and perhaps inside information as to the true attitudes of the belligerents toward peace. When the time comes to make that peace, the United States will have a full portfolio-as material for action.” Minnesota Daily Scouting- the political implications of the trip, the University of Minnesota Daily said: “It is a fairly safe bet that party politics and third term consideration have nothing to do with the President’s action. While a successful mission would put Mr. Roosevelt in the driver’s seat in the coming campaign, the risk of failure and the resulting unfavorable reaction is so great, that politically the move would not be worth the gamble.” The Gopher paper continued: “It must be admitted that, on the face of it, there seems to be little chance that the peace mission can produce immediate results. Both the Allies and Germany have recently reaffirmed their intention to see the war through. Nor does it necessarily follow that the President or his emmissary has any expectation of getting the war ended z’ight away. The simple fact is that the interests of this nation are directly involved. If the campaign becomes intense in the near future, our neutrality and oiu' interests will be subject to severe buffeting. And when peace finally comes, our interests—in" fact our national economy will undoubtedly be at stake. Only full information and adequate preparation can protect this nation from the eventualities which may arise from either a European war or a European peace. That is reason enough for the niission.”PUBDUE EXPONENT
Fridoyf May 17. 1940
Tennis Team Defeats Hoosiers. 7-2 Take Five Sinales, two Doubles Matches Journey To Marquette To Gain First Conference Wins of Season , , _ ,
Boilermaker Tracksters
Winning five of the six singles matches along with two of the three doubles matches the tennis team won their first Big Ten meet of the season over an inexperienced Hoosier squad. This gave the Boilermakers the advantage in the triangular meet in which Indiana will meet Ohio State tomorrow and the Purdue men will face the Buckeyes on Saturday.
The meet, which was marked with four three set matches and four extra game sets, was closely contested the whole way, though the Hooslers could only win two of the matches. This, added to the fact that the cold weather forced all but two of the matches to be played in the Fieldhouse, made the meet quite a marathon affair with the whole afternoon being required to
complete the meet.
Fuente Wins
Fuente won the number one watch, but only after he was forced to a 9-7 count in the second set by Wood. Richards, who is usually fourth man on the squad, was involved in a mix-up which put him in against the Hoosier two man, Blankertz. Fred put up a real battle, but lost the only singles match of the afternoon, losing the longest set of the meet 11-9 and then bowing out by the count of 6-2. Hebbeler had trouble with Chiddster in the number three matches, but emerged with ,a win 8-6, 6-7, 5- 4 sets. Anderson then took Haynie, Hoosier fourth man, in easy style, in straight sets 6-1, 6-1. Lucht Wins, Too Lucht hit his pace after losing the opening set to Feighneh, Indiana five man, and scored for the but emerged with a win: 8-6, 6-7, 6- 3. Berg then cinched the victory by an easy victory over Lugar for the fifth win of the meet. The doubles saw one of the most interesting matches of the meet when Hebbeler and Fuente teamed together against Blankertz and Chiddster to finally win out 6-4, 4-6, 6-4 in a match in which the fortunes of war see-sawed back and forth the entire time.
Easy Going
Anderson and Lucht had little trouble disjiosing of Haynie and Feighner 6-0 and 6-1 and Meihaus and Carlson then teamed up in the third doubles and forced the Hoosier team of Wood and Lugar to play three sets before losing out in three
sets.
Throughout the meet, however, the Indiana players showed clearly that they were handicapped by the lack of practice which has been their jinx all spring. The boys from Bloomington have no place to work out indoors and the weather so far this spring has kept them from obtaining sufiScient practice.
Kappa Sig Trippers Leading In Fraternity Track Tournament At Half-Way Point Tripping fawnlike and daintily about Ross-Ade Stadium’s cinder path, Greek thinclads (meaning they don’t wear much) completed the first day of their annual two day meet. Kappa Sig Trippers proved to be the most adept of all the fraternity lads in chasing one’s self around the stadium oval and finished
the day with 13 tallies to take first place.
Most of the success of the Kappa
Marquette University’s omnipotent cinder squad will act as host to a powerful invading Boilermaker contingent tomorrow afternoon in the Marquette Stadium at Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Both teams have clean slates in dual meet competition this season, the Hilltopper victory streak extending back unto February, 1939, a winning streak which boasts 11 consecutive wins. _____________________________ The powerful Milwaukee aggre-
Michigan Captain
Sig team was due to the efforts of carrot-topped, kangeroo-legged Mr. Carter, who managed to cop (the robber) first place in both the 120 yard low hurdle event and the pole vault. Mr. Mullins, also a Kappa Sag, annexed second place in the discus hurling to make up the 13 points taken by his team.
Betas Place, Too
Finishing second m the scoring today the sober Betas managed to win seconds in four events and thus make a score of 12. Gridiron men Lindsay and Wmchell took seconds in the 100 yard dash and shot put slinging (no bull) respectively. Freshman track star Arney Farnsworth came in a hair’s breadth behind Sigma Alpha Mu’s Resnick to win a second in the 440, while lanky Bob Forthover shot sksnvard to take a second in the pole vault. SAE thinlies managed to roll up a score of 11 points by taking a first in the discus, a second in the 120 high hurdles, a third in the shot put and a fourth in the pole vault. Following close behind with 10 points, the Sigma Alpha Mu’s Resnick did might deeds to obtain for his house a fourth place. Single handed Resnick took firsts in both the 100 and 440 yard dash.
More Tuesday
Due to inclement weather conditions, the second and final round of the meet has been postponed this week and will not be held until next Tuesday. On Tuesday the following events will take place: Half mile run, javelin, broad jump, high jump, 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, and a belay race in which each man covers 110 yards. Results of Tuesday’s events are
as follows:
100 Yard Dash—Won by Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu; Lindsay, Beta Theta Pi, second; McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi, third. Time 0:09.8. One Mile Run—Won by Stanley, Alpha Gamma Rho; Maronick, Beta Sigma Psi, second; Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma, third. Time 4:42.
440 Yard Dash—^Won by Resnick, Sigma Alpha Mu; Farnsworth, Beta Theta Pi, second; Palmer, Phi Gamma Dq|ta, third; Quinn, Phi Kappa Sigma, fourth. Time 0:64. 120 High Hurdles—Won by Cartel, Kappa Sigma; Melzer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, second; Flickinger, Theta Tau, third; Bowden, Lambda Chi Alpha, fourth. Time 0:16.3. Shot Put—Won by Ctawford, Delta Tau Delta; Winchell, Beta Theta Pi, second; Neff, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, third; Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon, fourth. Distance 42 ft 1 in. Discus—Won bjA Neff, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; Mullins, Kappa Sigma, second; Welsch, Lambda Chi Alpha, third; Melton, Phi Kappa Tau,,fourth. Distance 108 ft. Pole Vault—Won by Carter, Kappa Sigma; Forthover, Beta Theta Pi, second; McEachern, Phi Kappa Sigma, third; Stanton, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, fourth. Height 11 ft. 2 in.
'The Tinker'
... a three act play by the Wesley players will be presented Sunday, at 8 p.m. in the Morton School Auditorium, North Chauncey Ave. The production is being directed by F. K. Broome of the Ag Chem department. Free tickets are available from members of the Wesley group or at the Foundation office.
Captain Charlie Pink, diminutive hardwood star, is at the helm of the 1940 Wolverine baseball nine. Charlie, who plays in the field, is one of the fourth place Michigan team’s leading hitters. During the basketball season he held down one of the guard poets on the varsity quintet and was one of the Big Ten’s leading scorers.
TODAY - TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
HISTORY-MAKING! WORLD-SHAKING!
TIMELY- TERRIFYING — PLUS — Thrills and laughs in this swell story of American youth! IT'S FIRST RUN
— and— TEX RITTER crashes through the toughest outlaw stronghold on the range...to rescue the girl he loves ' from a bandit chiefi RIDERS frontier: AND HIS HORSE "WHITE FLASH"
— ALSO — 'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU" Serial
DONALD BARRY % PLUS—2ND FEATURE
Starts TOMORROW
Paramount presents JACK BENNY
Ellen Drew Andy Devine Phil Harris ROCHESTER -LAST TIMES TODAY—
eEORSE ■ BRENT ISA MIRANDA
Diamondmen Meet Wolverines Today With Higgins On Mound With revenge on their minds, the Boilermaker diamondmen left for Ann Arbor, Michigan, yesterday afternoon to tangle with the Wolverines in the initial encounter of a two game series. It was this same Michigan nind that put a damper on the Riveter titular hopes last year. Being only a game and a half out of first place last season preceding the Michigan doubleheader, the Riveters lost both ends of the twin bill, 5-3 and 3-2 and ended up in a tie for sixth place. At present the situation is much the same with the teams being reversed with Michigan only a game out of first.
gation are current champs of the Central Collegiate Conference and are rated by Boilermaker track coach, Hermon Phillips, as having a dual meet team on a par or even superior to Michigan’s defending Big Ten champion thinly squad. Thus far this season the Hilltoppers have decisively conquered such outstanding luminaries as Illinois, Wayne, Chicago, and Michigan State. However, the Riveters have also downed these same opponents this season, though by not so large margins. Balance And Precision The Hilltoppers have a marked weakness in the weight events and high jump, and must overcome this handicap by scoring power in other events. On the whole, however, they have a very evenly balanced team. Coach Conrad Jennings depends on team balance rather than individual stars for his scoring power. Riveters One Up Tomorrow’s meet will be the second in which the two schools have previously met, the first of which was a Boilermaker victory in RossAde stadium in 1938. This meet was held under extremely adverse weather conditions, with a driving rain and muddy track slowing the field. Edwards Now O. K. Pole vaulter Edwards appears to be fully recovered from an annoying ankle injury, and seems to be getting back the form that enabled him to clear the bar at 13 feet during the indoor season.
Today - Sat.—2 Features
After nosing out the Notre Dame Irish 2-1 in the last of the ninth on Jim Kurtz’ single, the Riveters are once more on their winning stride. Thus far this season they have won 12 of 18 games but have not fared so well in the 914 league play, where they now rest in ninth place, ahead only of the one-half member, Chicago. By taking both ends of the twin bill, the Riveters have a mathamatical chance of finishing in the first division. Higgins Hurling Coach Pehring nominated Gerald Higgins for today’s mound chores, with Bob Bailey, who set back the Irish Tuesday, as the choice for tomorrow’s aftermath. In addition to Bailey and Higgins, the squad that left yesterday included 16 other men. The traveling squad is composed of John Emmert, Byron Fisher, Wayne Hearne, Charles Fawles, James Ridgway, Frank Smithson, Martin Stamm, John Vernon, Dick Wargo, Wes Waterhouse, Elwood Yeager, and Ernest Young. This game will terminate the conference careers of Hearne, Mackiewicz, Stamm, Smithson, Vernon, and Yeager.
With seven of last year’s veterans playing stellar roles, the Wolves can not be counted out of the race. Leading hitter on the team is Trosko, the left fielder who has been swatting the ball at a .400 clip. Also among the leading hitters is found Evashevski, captain of this season’s football squad, who last year paved the way for many of Tommy Harmon’s spectacular luns and Charley Pink, diminutive guard on the basketball five, both play in the outfield. Leading the pitchers is Barry, who will probably hurl against Bailey tomorrow. Bailey “On” Again This season the Wolverines split with the Illini in two games while the Riveters received a sound trouncing in a brace at their hands. The brightest spot on the Boilermaker side of the ledger is the leturn of dependable Bob Bailey to his early season form. Against Illinois, Bob couldn’t get his fast one to break and was knocked all over the park. In Friday’s game he retired in the third while the following day he fared little better in a relief role.
YOU’RE LUCKY YOU’RE YOUNG ENOUGH TO WEAR THESE NEW SUMMER TAILLEURS BY
They’re gay, they’re smart, they're the kind of “casuals” that do all the right things to your figure. Left: ^ik and rayon shantung, a perfect honey of a fabric. The pearl buttons match the color of the piping on the pockets. The simple round collar is young and Mattering. Aqua, white, copen, flesh pink, maize. Right: Spun rayon illuminated by white embroidered scalbps that outline the neck, sleeves^ blouse and hips. Pink,
blue, aqua, gold. 9 to 17.
650
Second Floor Dressesftiday'. May VI, 1940
P0BD1IE EXPONENT
Religious Council Will Give Scare Crow Ball Annual Scare Crow Ball sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council will be held today from 9 to 11 p.m, in the Presbyterian Education Building, Seventh and Columbia Streets. Transportation will be furnished from the different Foundation houses. Refreshments will be served at the, dance. Sport clothes ate to be worn. Games will be directed by F. L. McReynolds, State 4-H Club Recreation Director. Tickets are twenty-five cents a couple and may be purchased at any of the Foundation houses or at the west desk of the Union.
The New “Rogue Shirt” by B.V.D. Short Sleeves *B.V.D. presents a sport shirt designed in Hollywood . . . the “Hollywood Rogue Shirt” ... famous for its comfort and smart, tailored appearance. Patented V neckline spreads wide to accommodate your head, but remains smartly closed without gapping, when worn. Note that it’s free from buttons or gadgets. Star yourself in a “Hollywood Rogue Shirt.”
THE NEW YORK S MOST EXCLUSIVE HOTEL RESIDENCE FOR YOUNG WOMEN
Home of College Clubs in Hew York The Barbizon is the home of college clubs m New York. Why? Perhaps it's because the Barbizon offers so many more of the smart interesting things that appeal to college girls. Daily it presents a harmonious medley of cultural and physical achvities . . . musicales ... art lectures . . . dramatics . . a fine library ... swimming pool . . . sun deck . . . squash courts Another reason why college girls prefer living in The Barbizon Manner is its location . . . in the midst of New York's most fashionable residenhal section, yet convenient to important business centers, art galleries, museums, theatres and schools. • 700 rooms, each with a radio Tariff: from $2.50 per day from $12 per week • Write /or descriptive booklet "C" A
kiroZ'ZO//.
L-EX-INGTON AVE., at-63rd S'l NEW YORK CITY
Jinudif Jalk
I Sez To The Waitress...’^
What, A Test Tomorrow? American colleges and universities were once called “testing plants” by a well-known educator. There was logic in his reasoning, for he pointed out that much of our college-taught knowledge could actually be learned from a book at home. The university, he said, was designed not only to teach, but to test the effectiveness of its teaching, and to give proper recognition for knowledge assimilated. He also pointed out that many people would study if enrolled in a university, but would not be so inclined otherwise. That sounded to us like a pretty good general anyalysis of the American educational
system.
It is granted, then, that students must be tested in some form or other in order to “grade” them. What we would like to see is a little more cooperation between University and student on the date of hour tests. The University convocation program for next year will be released very soon. Convocation Committee Chairman J. T. Gunn told us last night. We hope that those departments which prepare a mimeographed assignment sheet for use during the semester in certain courses will consult this program before they schedule test days for next year’s courses. Students have often been prevented from attending convocations because they must study for a test the following day. This not only antagonizes the student, but bars him from an entertaining and cultural program. Those professors who ask their class upon which day they would prefer a test are on the Good Teaching track. We also believe that fair notice of an hour test should be given . . . say at least a week, if possible. This shoud develop a better spirit of cooperation between professor and student... another point in the development of better teaching.
We went down to the sweet shop. My, that place has grown since I was a freshman. Then we placed a nickel in the machine and waited for music to come out. It came out. Pretty scratchy, though. Maybe they ought to change needles. * K * We then walked over to a booth. A dark and dusky booth. And we looked in suspecting the worst. But we saw nothing. I guess the lounges upstairs offer too much competition. Anyway there’s the dark rooms. Think I’ll take up this developing stuff. * * * Then we sat down. I whistled for a waitress. He whistled for a waitress. The people in the next booth whistled, too. I couldn’t even hear the nickelodeon. Still no waitress. She was cute, too. * * •» He ordered a coke and I a root beer. I’m on the wagon. She took the order down on a little pad and I took her phone number down on a little pad. She also said she was dated up till June. Oh, well, there’s exams coming soon. Finally our orders came. Gee, they must have an over-supply of ice. I could almost see the root beer. I
Purdue Exponent
R. IB. Indcr W. B. Snith
BdKar-fai-CUct BMixcM Mmmttr
D. G. Terrio, editorial director; G. W. Frederick, nuwaeinK editor; E. M. Antonini, senior adrertisinir mmnsger; G. Schilling, co-ed editor; R. Jenkins, sports editor. Bntered as secoad class matter at tke poet effiee in Imfayette, Indiana, tinder tlie act at Congress ot Mareb $, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, aothonzed Jannory 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday dnrine the resniar academic year and weekly dnrine the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 83.00 per year, mail subacription $3.50. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives. 420 Madison Avc, New York, N. Y. All unsigned ediforials are written by the editorial director
Night Editor. Sidwell Ass’t. Night Editor, Greenhaigh Day Editor, Seiss Friday. May 17, 1940
Then Someone played “Shake Down the Stars” and I felt good again. My friend said he had too much ice, too. We can’t figure it out because ice costs more than carbonated water. Oh, well it’s fun to chew ice. It plays heck with fillings though. The waitress came back again. We ordered around again. We whistled again. They played “Shake Down the Stars” again. Too much ice again. We’re in a rut.
Theta Alpha Phi
An Oxford Education for *2
Arrow oxford cloth is ■k%. distinguished by a basket weave effect on a rough heavy fabric. It’s the most durable of all shirtings. Gordon Dover Is the name of Arrow’s famous oxford shirt with the roll jront, button-down soft collar. The points on this collar are so buttoned to effect an outward roll at f the tie knot. A great Jf foi" wear with W .xMm tweeds and sports clothing. Make sure it’s an Arrow — they’re Sanforized - Shrunk with fabric shrinkage less than 1%. In white or colors, $2 up.
ARROfV SHIRTS
. . . national dramatics honorary, elected the following officers for the next school year: Charles Hart, president; Harold Martin, vicepresident; Mary Jane Carr, treasurer; Myra McKee, secretary-his-torian, and H. Kenn Carmichael, faculty advisor. Pledges initiated were: Thais Crepps, Sue Enders, Betty Erick, Ellen Kepner, Roger Lindsay, Alice Martens, Harold Martin, and G. Dunbar Williams. Horticulture Society Held indoors because of the bad weather, the Purdue Horticulture Society had its annual spring picnic last night; ending a series of programs acclaimed by the members as the most outstanding in recent
years.
Pictures of the Sonja Henie ice revue held in Indianapolis were shown by Roscoe Fraser, as well as two other reels of technicolor pictures. Music for the occasion was furnished by a German band.
Anriual River Swim Aeronrwdeler's Club Canceled This Year To Hold Lafayette's
Largest Model Meet
MEET and EAT WALGREEN’S • BREAKFAST • LUNCHEON m DINNER m REFRESHING TREATS YOU’RE ALWAYS WELOOME AT WALOREEN’S DRUG STORES 410 Main Street
Head in the Clouds B.V.D. SHORT with Grippers One of the things you’ll like best about our *B. V. D. shorts are the modern “Gripper” fastenings that bid good-by to buttons. Another friend-winning feature is the famous “All-Ways Stretch” seat thpt gives with every twist and turn. See these comfort giving shorts and knit shirts today. 50c' ea.
'^juIUoniu West Lafayette
The traditional all-campus River Swim will not be held this year because of the polluted condition of the Wabash River. In recent years it has become increasingly difficult to secure enough boats so that each swimmer would have a party watching him as a safety measure. This year it was decided to break the long chain of river swims and substitute an indoor race that would feature all the hot rivalry of the races held in the past years.
Nine Awards
Coach Dick Papenguth is in charge of the marathon and he has announced that nine awards will go to the first three places in each of the three events. The breaststroke and backstroke competition will be held on the afternoon of May 16, and/the free style on May 17. Each race will be 1,500 meters in length, which is 66 lengths of the Fieldhouse pool. The races are open to anyone and all entrants will compete in the finals, there being no elimination races. Six swimmers will swim at a time and the results will be decided on a time basis. Thus far there are about fifteen entries and Coach Papenguth is looking for at least ten more. Seats along the Fieldhouse pool will be open to anyone interested in watching the gruel-
ling events.
Members of the Purdue Aeromodelers will meet in room 364 of the Union this evening at 7:30 to make final arrangements for their second annual outdoor niodel airplane meet. Sunday there will be a meet, the largest ever held in Lafayette. Entries have been received from a large number of cities all over the state. The Mhd Modelers from Fort Wayne will be represented by 25 fellows. The Indianapolis clubs are sending about the same number, and several entries are expected from Louisville, Kentucky. A number of entries from Chicago will provide plenty of competition for the rest of the fiyers. Of the student entries Hank Velkoff is expected to make things hot for the out-of-town modelers in the gas event. At last year’s National contest Hank placed third in the largest field of entries in any contest, Jim Cahill, who won the Wakefield International Trophy at Paris, France in 1938, is another potential winner from the local club. Dick Obarski, holder of the club gas model record will also be flying Sunday.
Announcement
Hursery School
. . . will be in session during the first three weeks of Summer School. It will serve as a laboratory- for students who are enrolled in the child development course.
... of the election of the following officers of Newman Club has been made: President, Delos Luers; vice-presidents, Dick Jansing, Jim McConahay, Joe Benna, Bob Brock, Emmaline Farrell, Rosemary Goodman, and Monica Buergler; secretary, Dorothy Goodman, and treasurer, Dick Rossback.
POPCOKN Six or more gallons for that get-to-gether party at 12 per gallon. Popped fresh.
DAD'S PLACE So Handy
We Vote for Graves ’ Breads! Graves’ quauty Bakery Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. “Catering to Fraternitiee mtd SororiiietrPURDUE EXPONENT
Friday. May 17, 1948
Representatives Attend Dinner In New York Joseph Tiffin Arf Exhibit
Kappa Deila Pi
. . . associate professor of industrial psychology, has been named departmental editor of the newly created industrial psychology department. This department is to become a regular feature of the Psychological Record, a journal of psychology published by the Principia Press of Indiana University.
Aipha Kappa Lambda
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Fred Elley, president; Doyle Kilty, vice-president; Jim Meyer, rush chairman; Bob Duncan, recording secretary; Dick Parkison, corresponding secretary. Glenn Pickerel
was appointed song leader.
The following men were recently pledged: Bill Gibson, Logansport; Kello Windlan, Anderson; Bill Day, Kokomo; Phil Beatty, Hammond; Theo Whiteaker, Lafayette; and
Bob Molitor, Chicago, 111.
Pictured above in the usual order are R. E. Insley, editor-in-chief of Exponent, M. E. Coyle of the Chevrolet division of GMC, Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, Alfred P. Sloan, Jr. Chairman of the
board of directors of GMC, and Herb Fishburn, Student Senate president. They 'are shown at a dinner Big Ten Chapters
given May 6 at the General Motors Highways and Horizons exhibit at the 1940 edition of the New York s World's Fair. The University representatives were one of the 80 college groups which took part in a discussion of the problems confronting the youth of today and “The opportunity for youth in the world of tomorrow.”
The NYA college program is reaching 18.8 per cent more youths this year than last year.
Undergraduate Dames: Picnic has been changed to this Sunday, May 19. Meet at Katherine Shades at 9 a.m. —GERSTUNG.
Notices
Alpha Lambda Delta actives: Initiation Sunday, May 19, at 8 a.m. in room 304 of the Union. Make breakfast reservation by Friday at 6 p.m. with Peg Davis. Every active plan to attend. —CARPENTER.
Classified Ads
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (5-28)
Campus Varieties Cast: The show for this Saturday, May 18, is now set for Fowler Hall. Members of Irvan Maury’s, Bill Mai tin’s, and Paul Reedy’s bands report on the stage by 1 ;30 pm so that a set-up may be worked out All others report by 2 :30 at the latest Please. —MILLER.
FOR SALS
FOR SALE — Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, p05 Main street.
... of Acacia Fraternity will participate in a conference to be held here for three days starting today. Such subjects as scholarship, rushing, and finance will be discussed by the officers. The meeting will be climaxed by a banquet to be held in the Faculty Lounge of the Union on Saturday evening. May 18, Professor W. A. Knapp, national treasurer of Acacia Fraternity, and J. K. Tuthill, national secretary, will
speak at the banquet.
Cosmopolitan Club; Tickets for dinner dance Friday night must be purchased from west desk of Union by Thursday night. Transportation from room 304 of Union at 5:30 Friday. Picnic Sunday, meet in room 304 at 2 :30 p. m. —SHICKEL.
PIA Board: Meet in PIA office at 8 a.m Sunday, May 19. Bus leaves west entrance of Union for Turkey Bun at 8-15. Dress tor hiking. —ARCHIBALD.
For Sale: A good drug stoie doing an excellent paying business in a good Ohio City Goris Hockema Realty Co., 411 Ferry St, Lafayette, Ind.
FOR SALE
Aeromodelers: There will be an importrant meeting this evening at 7:30 o’clock in room 364 of the Union. Plans for next Sunday’s contest will be discussed. —HARKER.
For Sale: 1928 Sport Deluxe Buick Cpe., good tiros, good running condition. See this before buying Address 808'/i Highland. Phone 7706.
80 acre farm for sale, 6 miles north of Purdue; good six room house with electricity. $1400 cash, balance long time loan. Good location, rural loute and school hack pass the door.
Phone 5268
Senators: All senators sign up before Friday, May 17, for the annual banquet to be held Tuesday, May 21. —VOELKEL.
All Students: Annual Scare Crow Ball sponsored by Purdue Religious Council will be held at Presbyterian Education Building Friday, May 17, 1940, 9 to 11 p. m. Tickets can be purchased at any of the foundation houses or at the west desk of the Union from the foundation houses to the dance. —WAGNER.
All Students: Outing Club hike to Pottei’s Hollow Sunday, May 19, 1940. Leaving State St. and North River Road at 11:30 am. Bring bathing suits. Call John Dodds, 35293, or Dwight Cooley, 66273, by Friday if inteiested
For Sale: Underwood typewriter for sale. Like new, bargain if taken at once for cash Write immediately Box 225, Puidue Exponent; c /o Circulation.
FOR RENT
—COOLEY.
Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644.
The John Marshall
LAW
MT 8 Seniors: Final showing of the War Department Training films room 104 Armory at 4:10 p. m. Friday, May 17. These films are No. 19, 2 reel sound "Sensing of Field Artillery Fire’’ and TP No. 16, 2 reel sound “Reconnaissance and Occupation of Position’’ (by a 76-mm battery of artillery, horse-drawn). Attendance of senior is optional , others interested are invited. —THOMPSON.
Roger Williams Club: Last meeting of the year will be held Satuiday, May 18. Meet at the church at 4 :00 p.m. and hike to Professor Wiley’s for a hamburger fiy. Come ram or shine. (6-18) —THOMPSON.
Wanted—2 men students for large downstairs boom for September. $22.50 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton.
SCHOOL
FOUNDED 1899
AIChE: Meeting for election of officers will be held Tuesday, May 21, at 4 p.m., in lecture room of Chemical Enginering building Be there ! (5-21) —MEYERS
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2143.
AN ACCREDITED LAW SCHOOL
LOST AND FOUND
Fieshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will meet with the Heads of the schools or curricula in which they have chosen to enroll in next year. Civil engineers will meet in room 201 Civil Engineering Building; Chemical and Metallurgical engineers, room 101 Michael Golden Shops; Electrical engineers, room 254, Electrical Building; Mechanical Engineers, rooip 129 Electrical Building, Mechanical Engineers, room 129 Electrical Building; and Public Service engineers and Engineering Law in the Conference Room, ground floor in the Executive Building —KNAPP.
Please: Will the person who unknowingly dropped the key to the PIA Office in his pocket please return it to the Union East Desk. —MUSSER.
($5.00 Reward) to finder of my light tan gabardine top-coat. Coat has a military collar, "Flnehley” label and a zipper inside for lining. Lost in “Blazer” Sat. night. Call Don Samuelson, 6057.
TEXT and CASE METHOD
Fo
Junior Group AAUW: Planning old fad picnic for Monday, May 20, at 5 p. m. west of stadium Girls in slacks, etc , members only —FELDT.
Lost: National Championship Music Medal Would appreciate greatly its return. Reward. Roy Goers, 6028.
Catalog recom
vended list of pre legal iub|ects, and booklet ’Studyof Law and Proper ^reparation’ address
Edv
rd T Lee
COURSES
(40 weeks per year) AFTERNOON 3hi years. 5 days. ..
4 30-6.30
EVENING-4 years Mon , Wed., Fri., 6i30-9:20
POST-GRADUATE 1 year..twice a week Practice courses exclusively.(Evenings)
Two years' college work required for entrance Courses lead to degrees. New classes form in Sept, and Feb.
Found: Camera equipment. Owner claim by identifying and paying for insertion. Call 46634 between 7 to 9 p m.
315 Plymouth Ct., Chicago,
Sweethearts Cast: All eligible persons who intend to be present at the tea dance Monday, May 20, please sign up in Fowler Hall before Fiiday, May 19. —ROBINSON.
‘She was a typical May Flower!” Though her beautiful dress, new last season, had just received a thorough cleaning. Be a leader, yet thrifty, hy sending your Spring Cleaning to the American!
Musical Organizations: Those planning to attend the spring dinner please sign up with Miss Mann before Saturday, May 18. —ROBINSON.
Debris Petitioners: There will be a meeting at 1 p.m., Saturday, May 18, for all DeibVis staffs in the Debris workship. 1 1 ^ —McNEIL.
Camera Club: No meeting this week. Get exhibit prints from Student Union office. (5-19) GEPHABT.
Call Us For Pick-Up!
American Laundry 3^^
MT 8, Military Second Year Advanced Coarse: Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday, May 22. —THOMPSON.
Pi Tau Sigma: Picnic wiil be heid Saturday, May 18, at 2 :30 p.m. at G. A-’s bee farm. This is across Grant St. from the new high school. Election of officers at this time. —DUCKWORTH.
Radio Club: Picnic Tuesday, May 21. We will leave from in front of the EE building at 4:20 p m Make reservations with me by Monday, May 20 Those who have cars let me know when making reservations Phone 71334. —PITCHER. >1
SAE Members: Student chapter is going to Indianapolis Speedway on Saturday afternoon, May 25. We will have a chance to go through the pits. Anyone wishing to go must sign up before this Saturday, May 18, on bulletin board in basement of ME builfling so that Kratz may order pit passes. —CAHILL.
Registration Workers: Student who wish to work for the Registiar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11, are requested to make application, before the end of the iiresent year, on blanks to be obtained at the Registrar’s o ce. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —R. B. S'l'ONE, REGISTRAR.
Wesley Foundation: Wienei roast this Saturday, May 18, from 4 to 7 p.m. at Happy Hollow. Sign up now at foundation house. Group will meet at house and hike out. - -WAGNER
Purdue Religious Council: Last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22. in room 68 of the Union All members are urgtHl to be present. —MANAGERS.
Gimlet: Election of officers Monday, May 29, at Sigma Nu house at 8 p.m. —FRAZEE
GOING-GOING- GONE
What?--The 1940 DEBRIS Why?—There are only a few left Where?—On sale at a desk in the Union,
near the telephone booths (4-6 p. m.)
How Much?—$5.00 So Get Yours Now.
ComplsdiL CamfujUL CovahcujjL
. . . from the School of Fine and Applied Arts, Pratt Institute, Brooklyn, New York, will be on display in Building No. 2 through the next two weeks. The display consists largely of work suitable for commercial use, posters, advertising, fashion illustration, and story illustrations.
. . . education honorary, announces the election of the following officers; C. Lee Narquest, president; Josinah Allen, vice-president; Lois Simpson, secretary; Charles Ford, treasurer; Kay Fosbrink, re-porter-historian. Installation of the new officers took place at a picnic supper held Tuesday evening at the WAA cabin.
Riding Ciub
Giider Ciub
. . . announces the election of the following officers Tom Graham, president; Bill Ellsworth, vicepresident; Howard Morton, treasurer; Rena Richmond, social chairman; and Doris Sauvage, historian.
. . . announces the following officers for the coming year: William Kane, president; Aruis Hilpert, vice-president; Don Caffee, secretary; and William Thompson, treas-
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Suppllof
e Professional
''DEAC' Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Cfinlc nt PAUL A. RtSK 0«LLLm«ER A.RMK OR.HAPtOLO ).R»K 4th » Main Phana fTtl
e Hardware
e Tailor
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lx)wer Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Sts.
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Jewelers
Hays Jeweliy Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Pricaa
e Dine
COME OVERl EAT AT ED & DJCK'S HAMBURGER SNN 808 Main St. 5e PIE SOUP COFPft 5c
• Dairy Pr«iducts
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALmr MHJC Phorte 46214
^■1 \