J
m
Ia
h
^ f I
Summer^ Session Edition
@[he Puriiue Wxpamat
Student Newspaper Of Purdue University
VOLUME ONE
LAFAYETTE* INDIANA, FRIDAY, JUNE 25, 1937
NUMBER THREE
New Speakers Appe^ir Today At Institute
Owen D. Young WiD Talk Monday Night; Others On Program
Following yesterday evening’s rest, the Institute on Policy and Technology will be resumed today with morning, afternoon, and evening sessions. Drs. Huntington, Kolb, and Mills will continue their lectures and two new speakers are scheduled to appear on the program.
Prof. Frank R. Hall, of the Purdue history,- government, ahd economics department, will address Institute visitors on “Cultural J^ac-
oifo
tors In Environment” at 3 oWock
Owen U. Young, chairman of the board of directors of the General Electric Company, will address the Institute on “The Science Of Better Living” Monday evening.
This will be the first and only opportunity given during the Institute to hear this nationally known financier and industrialist. To the appeal of his ability and forcefulness as a speaker is added nation wide interest in his subject.
It is my hope that all the Summer Session students will avail themselves of this rare opportunity. Students are admitted free upon presentation of their assignment cards. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.
this afternoon. After next week’s lectures. Prof. Hall will supervise a week of classroom instruction on the Institute.
W. A. Hanley, of Indianapolis, vice president and chief engineer of Eli Lilly Co., will speak at the evening session on “Sooial And Economic Conditions Of Europe.”
Huntington, Estey, and Hall will fill tomorrow morning’s program, the last of the week.
Next week’s speakers include Dr. Owen D. Young, chairman of the board of directors of General Electric Co., at 7:30 Monday evening. Dr. Young will speak on “The Science Of Better Living.”
Dr. 0. E. Baker, senior agricultural economist of the U. S. Department of Agriculture, will present a series of lectures, starting Monday, on agricultural economics and population problems. Dr. Baker is considered America’s foremost population authority.
Kimball, Gilbreth Also On Program
Dean Dexter S. Kimball, of Cor(Continued on page 4)
69 Per Cent Of 1937 Seniors Are Now Employed; Many Get Commercial Jobs
Sixty-nine per cent of the graduates of the University class of 1937 have obtained jobs to date, according to tentative figures given out yesterday by Dr. J. E. Walters, director of the personnel bureau. This percentage is based on the total number of students receiving Undergraduate degrees at the commencement on June 12—586 in all.
About 82 per cent of the 332 students who obtained degrees in engineering are employed by this time. Dr. Walters said. These percentages are approximately 15 per cent higher than for last year’s class at the corresponding time.
Commercial Jobs Plentiful
k
Commercial jobs have been especially plentiful this year. Companies are making an unusual demand for students to go into sales, sales engineering, marketing, and
distribution.
Insect Visitors Not Army Moths, Says Prof. Davis
Light chocolate colored moths which have appeared in numbers in homes in various parts of the state the last few days are the army worm moths, and the darker colored moths which also have gotten in screen doors or windows are the common cut worm moths, Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology department, reported yesterday. His statement came in response to numerous letters and telephone calls from folks who feared they were the Common clothes moth.
“These are adults coming out to lay eggs for another generation and will not attack anything indoors, their larvae feeding only on grassy vegetation and related plants,” said Prof. Davis. “Their wing spread is about 1% inches while the adult clothes moth is cream colored with a wing spread of considerably less than half an inch.
The army worms have passed through the pupa stage in the soil and are now emerging as moths ready for a second generation.
“We need not anticipate another destructive brood because the parasites are exceedingly abundant, and while a secbnd outbreak is possible it is quite likely that the parasites will destroy them before they become large enough to do much damage,” Davis said.
PUBLICATION DATES
Summer Session Exponents will be published June 29; July 2, 8,15, 22, and 29; and August 5 and 12.
Purdue Institute Program
Today 9:00 a. m.—^“Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of Russia,” Dr, Huntington. “Rural Social Trends,” Dr. Kolb. “Footprints Of Climatic Variations Through The Pages of History,” Dr. Mills. 2:00 p. m.—^“Rural Social Trends,” Dr. Kolb, “Cultural Factors In Environment,” Professor Frank R. Hall, Purdue University. “The Humaii Background Of Air Conditioning,” Dr. Mills. 7:30 p. m.—“Observation of Social And Economic Conditions Of Europe,” W. A. Hanley. Tomorrow 9:00 a. m.—^“Labor Unrest In The United States,” Dr. J. A. Estey, Purdiie University. “Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of India,” Dr. Huntington. ^ ^ “Tl^e Geography Of Civilization,” Professor Hall. 2:00 p.m.—Recreational program. Monday 9:00 a. m.-—“Geographical Environment And Social And Political Problems Of China,” Dr. Huntington. “Toward Civilization,” Dr. Kimball. “Commercial Agricultural And The Drift Of Rural Wealth To The Cities,” Dr. Baker. 2.00 p. m.—“A May Of The World’s Natural Resources,” Professor Pitkin. “What The Consumer Should Know,” Dr. Gilbreth, “Technology Or Slavery?” Dr. Kimball. 7:30 p. m.—^“The Science Of Better Living,” Dr. Young.
The average starting wage for the seniors whs not available, but Dr. Walters seated that the average company wage, figured from those offered by the 110 concerns who came here for employees, was $118.94.
More accurate and complete statistics on senior employment will be reported later.
Personnel Men Coming Here For Institute
150 Persons Are Expected Next Week To Hear Leaders In Field
Institute Session Cost Reduced To Fifty Cents
The admission price for single sessions of the Purdue Institute on American Policy and Technology has been reduced to 50 cents per session for the remainder of the program, with the single exception of the Aipelia Earhart lecture scheduled for Friday evening, July 2, it was announced yesterday by Prof. Prank C. Hockema, assistant to the president and director of the summer session and Institute. The price for the Earhart lecture will be set later.
Sessions are being held morning, afternoon, and evening.
Weekly tickets, good for the entire program of addresses next week, may still be purchased at the established price of $6.00.
Summer Session students and members of the University faculty are admitted without charge to all sessions.
150 Jasper County Folk Will Attend
Annual Field Day
E. E. Fultz, Jasper county agricultural agent, will head a delegation of about 150 farm men and women from Jasper county to the University Tuesday for the annual Agronomy Field Day at the experimental farm at the east edge of Lafayette on State Road 26. The men will join the farmers studying experimental results and hear Hon. Duncan Marshall, minister of agriculture in Ontario, and Arthur G. Street, famed English farmer, farm writer and radio speaker, who will speak at the picnic dinner at noon.
The women will spend the day on the University campus visiting the horticultural department’s flower gardens, home economics building, women’s residence hall, poultry department, creamery and other points of interest in a tour planned for them by Profs. G. M. Frier and W. P. Graham.
Excessive Note Taking In Chemistry Lectures Doesn’t Pay—Degering
Promiscuous taking of notes in chemistry lectures, either in high school or in college, in which the student seeks to write everything that the instructor offers, often respits in merely a mass of notes and many times the student actually misses the principal points of the lecture.
This opinion was voiced by Dr. Ej. P. Degering, of the University chemistry department, in an article entitled “A Consideration Of The What, The Why, And The How In The Teaching Of Chemistry” in the June issue of the “Journal OfUhemical Education.”
“As a result of the student's efforts to take intelligible notes, the lecture loses its import and becomes dull and boresome.” Dr. Degering advises the use of review outlines that stress the essentials.
This practice, which he has carried out in his classes at Purdue in the last few years “leaves the student free to concentrate on the content of the lecture. Such a proce dure tends to minimize the content of the memory work and encour ages the student to learn by association and correlation.”
More than 150 industrialists, business men, teachers, and government officials are expected to attend the University’s first Industrial Personnel Institute, which begins Monday and continues through Saturday, July 3.
Because of the decided increase in industrial relations and personnel works in the field of modem management since the Supreme Court declared the Wagner Labor Act constitutional, the University, in collaboration with the Indiana Personnel Association, has brought together national authorities to discuss these problems.
Afternoons Free Sessions of the Institute will be held during the mornings and evenings allowing the afternoons for recreation. One hour of University credit can be obtained from the Institute by passing an examination on July 3.
Teachers of personnel and industrial relations work and employment managers and workers will be given an opportunity to learn of the lattest developments in the field, presented by authorities coming from mid-westem and eastern industries
Young To Speak Among the leaders listed
speakers at the institute are Owen D. Young, chairman of the board of directors of General Electric Co..; A. Br Gates, director of training at the Eastman Kodak Co.; J. W. Dietz, director of employee relations of the Western Electric Co.; Dean D. S. Kimball, of the engineering schools of Cornell University; W. L. Cook, director of industrial relations for the Carnegie-Illi-nois Steel Corp.; and Albert Sobey, manager of training for General Motors.
Speakers of the Institute of American Policy and Technology will speak during the Personnel Institute also.
Luckiesh Begins
e Research
Typ«
Dr. Matthew Luckiesh, who graduated from the University with a B.S.E.E. degree in 1911 and 'received an honorary doctor of engineering degree from the University in 1935, has recently been employed as a consultant by the Mergenthaler Linotype Co., Broeklyn, N. Y.
Dr. Luckiesh has been employed along with Frank K. Moss to specialize in research projects in type design and type legibility.
Dr. Luckiesh won the John H. McGfaw award for his work in relation to the better light—better sight campaign.
Amelia Safe In Java; Expected Here July 2
Sourabaya, Java, June 24—^Amelia Earhart landed here today enroute to Kupang, Timor Island, on her round the world flight. She planned to remain here until tomorrow.
Miss Earhart intends to start her 1,200 mile hop to Kupang tomorrow. From Kupang she will fly to Darwin, Australia.
Dr. Elliott said Tuesday during an NBC broadcast that he had recently been in communication with Miss Earhart, and that she had assured him that unless unseen mishap overtakes her she will be able to appear on the Policy and Technology Institute program here July 2.
Mills Blames Weather For Business Trends
Pitkin, Kolb, And Huntington Continue Talks On Economic, Social Issues
The significant discussions of the impact of technological and related forces on American life and policies continued here yesterday at the University with outstanding leaders of modem thought taking up such subjects as weather effects, rural social trends, the effect of geographical environment, and significant population movements.
WSGA Sets Hours For Summer Session Co-eds
Betty Ann Stewart, president of the Women’s Self-Government Association, announced last night that the following hours are now in effect for Summer Session co-eds: week nights and Sunday 11 p. m., Friday and Saturday 1 a. m.
Rural Teachers Continue Forums On Faim Problems
Teachers of vocational agrriculture attending the twenty-third annual conference of teachers of vocational agriculture at the University discussed yesterday the problems of teaching agriculture, rural youth agricultural organizations, and soil erosion control.
The teachers completed section meetings considering problems of swine and beef production, new crops, seed varieties, an^mall fruit production Wednesday. They also heard speakers included in the program of the Institute of American Policy and Technology—Dr. J. H. Kolb, of the University of Wisconsin, and Dr. Walter B. Pitkin, of Columbia University.
At the annual dinner meeting of the Ten Year Club seven new members were initiated into the organization. These men, who have taught vocational ag^riculture for ten years, are: W. E. Brant, Brook; R. E. Brooks, Spiceland; C. L. Clayton, Francisco; C. H. Million, Williamsport; Walter Mowery, Indianapolis; L. R. Romine, Greensford; and R. B. Vickery, Mooresville.
Washington Professor SpeaksTo Physics Forum
Dr. Clarence Zener, of Washington University, St. Louis, addressed the Physics Seminar last Wednesday at 7:30 o’clock. His subject was “Viscosity Of Solids.”
In a discussion of the weather’s effect on man and business activity. Dr. Clarence A. Mills, professor of experimental medicine at the University of Cincinnati, declared that definite mathematical proof hag been obtained that busings activity in general is dependent on the effects of weather conditions on man. He stated that two particular abnormalities have been found especially depressive: first, an unusual drop in storminess or day to day temperature variabili^, and, second, unseasonably high temperatures. Illustrates Lectures
Dr. Mills illustrated his lecture with graphs showing a startling correlation of depressive weather and each major business recession. He pointed out that two of the most prolonged periods of imseasonable warmth since the beginning of the Weather Bureau records occurred coincidentally with the depressions of 1920-22 and 1929-33. He laid great stress on the necessity for more accurate forecasting of longterm weather, or climatic changes as they relate to the general problems of mankind.
Walter B. Pitkin, distinguished author, lecturer, and economist, continued his discussion of population movements within the United States. He emphasized the &ct that practically no foreigners are now coming into this country, and that with more and more foreigners leaving the country, and those aliens remaining rapidly becoming naturalized, our alien problem within a few years will be reduced to that of catching those who are smuggled in and are not on the record.
No Movement Today Pitkin also pointed out that there is no great movement of the younger generation today, which he said, “Is due obviously to the fact tha^ there is no conspicuous opportunity in one part of the country.”
The trend toward realignment in rural society, as shown by the rise of town-country communities and the multiplication of interest and privilege groups, was outlined by Dr. J. H. Kolb, rural sociologist of . (Continued on page 4)
Once You Get Started Writing You Can H Stopf Says Doctor Huntington
By Dorothea Justin An eminent scholar is Dr. Ellsworth Huntington, geographer and author from Yale University who is lecturing in the Institute. He speaks with an intriguing yet not broad Eastern accent.
Rather short, very bald, and full of the old pepper. Dr. Huntington held forth to a large group at the “ice cold lemonade” relaxation hour in the Union Building yesterday.
Begin Anew ' Now he will, after two year’s work on the book which began from a book, return to the first and write it anew.
Teaching, he believes, is fascinating if the pupils are bright and interested, but only a chore if the pupils are dull or stupi^. He spoke of the difficulties of entering various fields of research except by the door of teaching. '
Can’t Stop
Author of many books, many of
them published by the Yale Press or commercial firms, some by the Carnegie Institution of Washington, the vigorous geographer is still writing about his studies. “Writing books is like a lot of other bad habits,” he says, “you can’t stop it once
you get started.”
Two years ago he was writing .a book and came to a phase on which he had to do some additional and special research. From that he wrote a magazine article. That was
not enough—it was like the beginning of unwinding a ball of string. He wrote a book on the particular phase, which he put on the presses jiist before coming out here.
One j>f the longest of his exploring and self-educational journeys was the one starting from Turkey and going to Western China. Inthb expedition he studied the effects of climate and changes of climate on the Asiatic peoples, their life and history. '
“Climate is one of the most important factors in the life of world, partly because it is the moat variable of the factors of so!l» topography, and other aspects of ph|^ sical environment.”
Professor’h Joke A professor’s joke which was funny—^which proves he is an exceptional man—and Dr. O. F. Hall’s mentioning that some of the noted author’s hordes are in our librao^, closed the afternoon’s discussion with the interesting and vmy hmaon Dr. Huntington.Z'"‘'iS '■'VV’'', \ t.’
I
TODS' PURDUE SUMMm ^jMWT ‘ f ' --"^- -•' ' '.•'.■ ■’»»
$itr)>ue exponent
fVMnMM ta IMS
This ne'wsDhper Is lltMeD. ^ted. Md pablia^ h» Dnd«iW«D4aatc students ©f Purddte tfniversi^r* All opintons m it, ttnlras otherwise aomdlted. u« stnidnt opinionil, «nd do in* neceikhrlly coincide with tilie official Unlwfarsliar TleiSPOlnt. Main Office. 812 North Kith Street, Phone 6087. Campus Office, Student Senate Boom, Memorial Union Building, Phone 4006.
R. P. MANION Editor-in-Chief D. C. MILLER Business Manager Entered as second class matter at the post office in L^ayette, Indiana, under the act ot Congress of March 8, 1879, aud at the sneeid rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 0 1917. auflioriaed^nuaiy 20, 1022. Published daily except Sunday and Monday during the regular academic year, and weekly during the Summer Session. Friday, June 25, I9S7.
CupitoVs 4rH Visitors Leave Camp For Farm Homes Over Entire Nation
By Lowell Hardin, ’39 Special to The Purdue Exponent Washington, D. C., Thursday, June 24—^With a week’s acquaintance of the nation’s Capitol tucked beneath their belts, the 240 National 4-H Club Camp delegates somewhat reluctantly packed their green and white uniforms into suitcases this morning and headed for home. Within the course of the next week varied modes of transportation will scatter them to the most distant corners of the United States. Behind them they left only many new found acquaintances and friends. With them they took a new vision of Washington and our National government. No longer is Washington merely the “city beautiful,” but rather it is their own Capitol and each of them feels that he is a stockholder in the business of our national government. Command Respect Places visited in this community formed more than spots of passing interest. Each structure and point of historic note commands respect and reverence by very virtue of its being. Take the Lincoln Memorial, much larger and more magnificent than anyone ever imagines. Every part has its meaning, and the statue of Lincoln, seated in an armchair over the back of which a flag has been draped, is so realistic and awe-inspiring that visitors stand in silent devotion and admire this great masterpiece by Daniel Chester French. The story goes that French, after working four years to complete the piece of work, was so modest about it all that he merely penciled his name in an inconspicuous spot on the side of the statue base. His name has since been chiseled there. ’ Tell Their Story The Washington Monument, Capitol building proper, the countless other government buildings all have their story which they told to these energetic young people representing the cream of rural America and the stories are being carried back to their local communities. It is their endeavor to transmit some of that spirit of citizenship which they have acquired here to the rural youth of their states and communities. For the entire week that they were in Washington, little effort was spared in the attempt to fill seven short days with fully interesting and educational material. Indiana Congresswoman Virginia E. Jenckes addressed the group and
-i4MinrSUNDAY — MONDAY
IT'S love SHE'S AFTER...and it’» lova fha gab... mora than «ha can handial
CRAWFORD WILLIAM ; ROW EL L ROBERT IVIONTGOMERY
'1liela$t( HKOjEMEr Wt^K MORGAN ^SSIE RALPHv
TODAY — SATURDAY i John Wgyne in "California Straight Ahead” —and— Glenda Farrell in “Fly-Away Baby”
later conducted the Indiana delegation through the Capitol, entertaining them at a noonday meal in the House* of Representatives’ dining room. The Latavian minister to the United States told the delegation about his country and its young people, and, at a later date, entertained the delegation at the Latavian delegation here. In a visit to the Arlington National Cemetery Sunday the young people paid tribute to the Unknown Soldier, placing on that grave a wreath in behalf of the more than a million 4-H Club members throughout the nation. Morning services were held in the Church of Christ at Alexandria, Va., the church of George Washington and Robert E. Lee. It was with no little pride and emotion that these young people occupied those seats once belonging to such notables. They are preserved in their original state and today are the same as in the days of these two great men in American history. Break Camp In addition to all of their trips, their discussions and their fun, these 4-H Club folks found time to complete their camp in their own picturesque way. Last night, in the shadow of the Capitol buildings and Washington Monument, a candlelighting ceremony was held. The light of knowledge and leadership was passed down from the highest to the smallest candles until they were all lighted. Thus from the National 4-H Club leader in Washington to the state leaders, to the state representatives, to the junior leaders and to the younger Club members, the light of 4-H Club work finds its way.
PEW Head Speaks At University Of Iowa Miss Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, left Wednesday evening for the University of Iowa, where she is speaking yesterday and today before a graduate seminar in physical education. Her subject will be “Problems In Women’s Athletics.”
AttOfL^m Pitkin Opens New Fields of interest Br Mrs. L. W. Jtosselyn BtofwinE Ubnurbui “The Art Of Learning” by Walter B. Pitkin is a thought-provoking book which opens to the reader what may be new fields of interest or the development of a reader’s own point of view. It is not a new book, yet it is of the type that will serve for many years as a valuable addition to a student’s library. Dr. Pitkin’s latest contribution to our shelves is “Careers After Forty,” which he says in the preface “rounds off twelve years of study.” It is go^od to get the lift his book give one, for so much of our literature is of a pessimistic turn of mind. “Geography In Relation To The Social Sciences,” by Isaiah Bowman presents the views of a noted scientist on this branch of sociology. It might be of interest to compare his ideas with those being expressed by the speakers on our Institute program. “Deserts On The March” by Paul Gigelow Sears is study of plants, alive and growing, struggling against the handicaps of environment, competing with each other, and becoming adjusted to the world as they find it. As we know, man’s existence depends upon plant life so that the outcome of this struggle is of vital importance to him. “Middletown In Transition” by Robert S. Lynd and Helen M. Lynd is a ten year study from 1926 to 1935 of that typical American city, Muncie, Ind. It is a continuation of a former work of these authors, Middleton, published in 1929, which they call a study in contemporary American culture. It is perhaps significant that the later book bears the sub-title “a study in cultural conflicts.” It is not necessary to have read the first published volume in order to “comprehend the latter, but both are extremely interesting and authentic studies in sociology.
Methodist Students Will Swim At Oxford Wesley Foundation will conduct a swimming party tomorrow afternoon, leaving 435 State street at 2 o’clock for the pool at Oxford. All Methodist students are asked to come. On Sunday the Student Class at the West Lafayette Methodist Church will be taught by Dr. Gordon H. Graves, faculty advisor of the Purdue Religious Council, who has just returned from the Lake Geneva Y. M. C. A. conference, and will report on the conference. Weekly parties and Sunday morning sessions of the Methodist Student Class will continue throughout the Summer Session.
DOROTHY LAMOUR LIONEL ATWILL LEW AYRES HELEN MACK GILBERT ROLAND OLYMPE BRADNA KAREN MORLEY ANTHONY QUINN
Starts SUNDAY
LUMA
TODAY AND SATURDAY Jane Withers in “Angel’s Holiday” —and— Annabella in "Under the Red Robe”
Summer students in Bobby Lowe’s English 6 and 6 classes report ,that he is beating out Gibbs Williams and Paul Fatout in reaping the unasked for adulation of the young ladies in the class. He’s just back from leave of absence, handsomer than ever. To An Unnamed Co-Ed: And so some dumb conceited pup Had the nerve to stand you up. No doubt it irked you sore, poor wench. To be left sitting on the benebi Pray tell Tvhy all this fuss and bother? Powder your nose and get another. This pome is by an engineer, if truth he tells ? There are people who insist that a pan-handler is an operator in a beauty store, but why hurt them when others insist that a hornet is a mesh hair covering? Tack plus—boy to girl: “Some men like women beautiful and some like them intelligent, but I prefer you to either one.” We saw a man in a car against a telephone pole on Waldron street, and saw he wasn’t hurt. “You were lucky,” we exclaimed. “How did you know I play poker?” he asked. There was the swain who said he would follow his sweetheart to the end of the earth and then found he was going around in circles. ARE YOU AFRAID TO APPEAR in bathing shorts ? ~- Do you feel lanquid, always tired, unable to do your differential equations ? Is your complexion like a pink toothbrush ? Are you a rumble seat flower on dates ? If you are— LEARN TO PLAY THE PIPE ORGAN then no one will pay any attention to you. Mary Grace Mytinger, shot in charge of the things, is trying very half heartedly to locate the guilty culprit who spiked the punch served free-gratis by the Union yesterday afternoon. The cork is lifted daily at 4 and lasts till the Chem Staff is under the tables.
^IN AND BEAR IT
By LicKly
“It looks like an inside j
pop’s home again.”
Looking Backward
June 23, 1936 Two plays, “Backstage” and “Thank You, Doctor,” are presented before an enthusiastic crowd of 1,600 persons in Ross-Ade Stadium. June 26, 1936 Paul Barker and his orchestra of Indianapolis play for 200 dancers in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building." June 28,1936 Ross Camp noses out a 9-6 victory over the Summer Session baseball team. Losers outhit Ross Camp 12 to 7.
Raymond And Sothern Star In ISew Main Hit Gene Raymond and Ann Sothern score a screen scoop in the newspaper story “There Goes My Girl,” which comes to the New Main Theater starting with a midnight preview Saturday and continuing through Wednesday. Raymond and Sothern play the roles of rival newspaper reporters who are in love. Their plans to get married were interrupted in the middle of the wedding ceremony by a shooting. Aim’s newspaper instincts predominated and she left Raymond at the alter swearing that he would have nothing more to do with her. Ann learns that she was framed
Starts SUNDAY
TODAY AND SATURDAY Leo Carrillo Mary Carlisle ^ Lynne Overman in “Hotel Haywire”
by her hard boiled city editor who is unwilling to part with his ace news-hawk and arranges to be detailed on a murder case on which Raymond is covering. They scoop even the police in solving the crime and once again become enamoured of each other, but the city editor again intervenes. .
ARC TODAY — FRIDAY — SATURDAY
Gene Autrey in “Ride, Ranger, Ride” —and— Mary Brian and Russell Hardie in “Killer at Lar^e” —also— ‘Vigilantes Are Coming’ —Plus— “Barney Google Cartoon”
SUNDAY — MONDAY ‘Big Broadcast of 1937’' —and— “All American Chump”
Cool For Your Comfort
A AIN
STARTS TODAY Double Feature THE KISS THAT EN RAPTURES.^AND THE KISS THAT BETF
COMING SUNDAY Gene Raymond Ann Sothern in “There Goes My Girl” —Plus— The Affairs of Cappy Ricksf
luiiiiiiiai
►>il tf ‘
Wfmmf.
v-
Student Baseball TeamBeatsFaculty In Games On Gr^en The facility took it on the chin' yesterday. A student softball team drubbed the faculty squad — composed mostly of Chems—10 to 1 as part of the games on the green program which was held yesterday afternoon on Stuart Field. The people participating in the games showed much enthusiasm for the program but were almost whole hearted in their belief that after dinner is a better time to hold the gaXh^ because of heat aSid the< maln^ afternoon activities. The co-eds and ‘mves of the fac-j ulty hnont^lized the badmintcmandi depjk tennis courts, while the horsesh^ coUrtil attracted the nten.
Ross Camp Squad Drills Heavily Foi^ University Nine By Kenneth Houston Special to The Purdue Exponent Ross Camp, June 24—^Thirty men answered the call of L. H. Kemmer, instructor and baseball coach, for baseball players at Ross Camp’s first practice session of the season, Tuesday afternoon. Coach L. H. Kemmer immediately started the men to work in preparati<m for the heavy schedule this
tm siwiii0SR mihm&ff
i
week-end. Despite lack bf previous workouts here^ several of the felmi^moii bfWajng pH fietmng form on the first my. The civil engineers will open their smson agdinst the University Summer Session team on the north diamond of Intramural Field at 3 o'clock Saturday afternoon, and expect to repeat their opening Victory of last season over the University nine. Greenhill’s team will journey here Sunday afternoon for a game at 2 o’clock. James E. Zachary, end on the varsity football squad last fall, was elected captain by his teammates at the first session.
Ba^ntmiou Makes Hil With Summer f Session Players Badminton is receiving much attention this summer mainly because of the presence of Dr. George Stafford, in charge of constructive physical education at Illinois University, jwho is an experienced player. Many faculty members and students have signed up and are playing at the badminton courts in the Women’s Gymnasium. Entries in all-campus golf and tennis are coming in rather slow but enough students are expected to sign up for these sports at the Ino:^ pjieoq upo^nq {ujnuiuj^ tournaments in them.
POPCORN-ICE CREAM Dad’s I'Opcorn—Furnas Ice Cream Both citeated for promotion of health.
Hadjis iPlaee
So HLaady
THERE IS NO DOUBT ABOUT rr
If you want good food at reasonable prices, you will eat at the students^ favorite restaurant. WHEELER’S LUNCH
420 MAIN ST.
ALWAYS OPEN
GAINTINER TVIKIES .
CRnmER WIKIES
You won^t experience the real pleasure in swimming until you have a pair of Gantner Wikies.
Gantner^s are known for their • Smartness and style • Comfort • Quality Hi-Boy $1.95 Bo’Sun $2.95 Lo-Boy $1.95 Wikies $3.95 You will find just the model and color in the wide selection at DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
Physied Ed Leader Joins Purdue Staff Dr. Eastwood, Of New York University, Is New Faculty Member Dr. Floyd R. Eastwood, recognized as one of the leaders in the field of physical education and, for the past eight years, assistant professor of education at New York University, will join the University teaching sta'ff next fall as associate professor in chari^e of teachers’ training, healtJi hygiene, and service sections td the Division of Physical E'ducation for Men. Dr. Eastwood's contributions in the study of injuries and fatalities in high school and college football have attracted nation wide attention. His findings have been presented annually before the American Football Coaches’ Association and published widely in magazines and newspapers. The new faculty member received his Bachelor of Physical Education degree from Springfield college in 1922 and his Master’s degree from Clark University. Eastwood finished his studies at New York University where he received his Doctor’s degree. Since his student days, Dr. Eastwood has had a varied history in coaching and teaching physical education, and during the past year he has served as publicity chairman for the American Physical Education Association in New York City.
Potter Attends Eastern Council Dean A. A. Potter, of the University schools of engineering, left yesterday for Boston, Mass., to attend a meeting of the main committee of the Engineers Council on professional development, which is concerned with the accrediting of over 120 engineering colleges. Dean Potter was in charge of the inspection of the engineering institutions in southwestern states. He is scheduled to speak on Tuesday before the Summer Session students at Massachusetts Institute of Technology on “Factors Contributing To Effective Engineering Teaching.” He also will remain in Cambridge for the annual meeting of the Society for the Promotion of Engineering Education, which will be held at MIT and Harvard June 30 to July 2. Dean Potter formerly was president of this organization and now is a member of the executive council.
Griffin, ’35, Gets Job With Eastern Company Virginia Griffin, H. E. ’36, will leave the University in a week to take a three month’s training course with the International Business Machines Corp., at Endicott, N. Y., following which she will begin work for that company. Since last September Miss Griffin has been employed in Dean Dorothy C. Stratton’s office.
University Calendar
Sunday 5:00 p. m.—Tea, faculty lounge, Union. Monday 8:00 a. m. — Rural Leadership School, faculty lounge, Union. 9:00 a, m.—Policy and Techology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. Personnel Institute Meeting, Faculty Lounge, Union. 12:00 noon — Personnel Institute Luncheon, ballroom, Union. 7:00 p. m. — Personnel Institute Meeting, faculty lounge. Union. 7:30 p. m.—^Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. Tuesday 8:00 a. m. — Rural Leadership School, faculty lounge, Union. 9:00 a. m.—^Policy and Technology Institute, Eliza Fowler Hall. 10:00 a. m.—Rural Music Conference, rooms'1 and 2, Union. 12:00 noon — Personnel Institute Luncheon, faculty lounge. Union. 2:00 p. m.—Rural Music Conference, music room, Union. 7:30 p. m. — Personnel Institute Meeting, faculty lounge. Union. Outdoor Sing — Foster Hall Quartet, Rbss-Ade Stadium.
\
<■ ^ K
Moi^e B^ebaH Players NeededFRrSttiRttierNbie The BtfmmeY S^ssibn tmsbbhn sqnad has been holding practices the past few evenings at the varsity baseball diamond and, although some good material has shown up, there is plenty of koom for more good ball players, The Ross Camp baseball nine will be unusually good as many of this ye4r^s frosh squad are on the Civil tenm which l«|ie 'Chosen “Red” Zachary as cap4;ain. If there are still some baseball players who wish to go out for the summer school team, they should report for practice this afternoon at 4 o’clock.
Purdue All Wet— Says University Weather Bureau Dick Obenchain The ducks on the Ag campus are having a great time this year ac(^ording to the Purdue weather bureau, as Purdue is having one of the greatest deluges in a long time. And it’s getting wetter, because for March the records show 5.29 inches of ra,infall; April, 2.09; and May, 4.6 inches, and already this month there has been over 6.60. But the Purdue weather is diversified, as last year the total rainfall for this month was .68 inches, which is Gobi weather compared with the almost six inches of this year. If Jupiter Pluvius keeps up his work for a month or so we will then have the 37.6 inches which is the average annual rainfall for this area. We already have a little less than 26 inches — which might be construed to mean that the law of averages will force the forementioned webbed footed fowls to give way to those humped back creatures from the Sahara.
Dr. Sehuck Attends Kansas City Meeting Dr. Cecelia Schuck, assistant professor of nutrition of the University, attended the meetings of the American Home Economics Association at Kansas City Tuesday and Wednesday of this week. Dr. Schuck presented a paper at one of the research sessions of the association.
Prof. Beck Is Elected AIEE Vice President Prof. L. E. Beck, of the electrical engineering staff, has been elected first vice president of the central Indiana section of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers.
Students To Act, Produce Two Otw-Aet Plays To Be Given Before Student Body
i ^ r F,
“Basement to Attic” is the scene of action of Mr. H. K. Carmichael’s workers who afe producing two one act plays to be presented to the students at the north end of the stadium on July 1, at 9 p. m. The cast has been practicing in the tower room of the Union and the newly appointed students who are producing the plays are performing in their capacities in the basement. The two one act plays that are titled “The Neighbors,” a small town comedy, and “Peace Maneuvers,” a comic melodrama,, are the first plays of this sort in which complete production responsibility has been turned over to the students. The persons producing and acting in the plays have been taken from the two courses in play production given during the summer session. The production manager of these plays IS E. R. McNown and the stage managers are O. F. Stallard and Arnistis Franklin. The decorations are under the charge of Sue Enters and makeup chairman is Julia Graves. The costumes are being handled by Mary Yeager and the prop managers are Patricia Heine and Marj^e Bayne. Eliza-
beth Tietier is in charge of the advertising and pnbfieity of the plays. Sommer session students also hold the positions as assistant directors of the productions. Miss Charlotte Herr, of Tell C!!^ty, is assistant director of “The Nbi^bors” and Miss Mazy Stramburg and Miss Dorthey Thornburgh, both of Kokomo, are helping the direction of “Peace Maneuvers.”
Two Home £c Gradnates Get Teaching Positions Miss Georgia Halstead, who received a B.S. degree in home economics this month, has been employed to teach home economics and physical education at Brook, beginning September 1. Miss Esther MitcheU, another ’37 home economics graduate, will teach home economics and science in the vocational department at Eminence, beginning July 1.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADvranrsERs
132 Vine St. West Lafayette
641 Main St., Lafayette
Your Summer Clothes deserve the thorough and exacting quality service given by the American Laundry. 10% discount on ail laundry brought in and called for at our West Lafayette office. Pick up and delivery service if desired. Call 3085 American Laundry
It's polite to point
when you are directing anyone to one of the many accommodations and activities offered by the Union. It will enhance your own pleasure if you enjoy with him the
Bowling Billiard Room Browsing Room Music Room
Sweet Shop Grille The Cafeteria The Chestnut Room
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION Corner of the Campus—^Yet the Center of Activities
\ A■ Wit
.:'■ \
4
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liciity
It was a woman driver—she did it coming in.’
Shipper SPORTWEAR BY WILSON BROTHERS
Whether you stay in town or go places— here’s the correct sportwear for the occasion. New colors and new models. Visit our sportwear section and see the new Skipper ideas.
1
Wash Slacks $1.65 and up
Baltimore Clothes Shop
1^' |l K , P-' I?'||j,: If I4 *■4
Hey!
Fellows
Polo Shirts and Slacks are what the campus man will wear this summer...for they are • COOL • COMFORTABLE • SMART • ECONOMICAL Polo Shirts Slacks $1.00 to $1.50 $1.95 to $2.50 DEWENTER’S 416 Main...Lafayette
THE-pl
Classified Adsa
Summer Studeuta—Room and ooard. 5 Waldron. Phone 2671.
Miniature camera and enlarger— f 3.6 lens on both, for sale or trade for standard size camera. Call Baker, 41641 after 7:00 p. m.
NOTICES NonoUcMacMpIMiaftei SpbUh
Disciples of Christ Students — Hike, picnic, and Christian Endeavor meeting Sunday in Happy Hollow. We will leave 121 Fowler avenue at 4:15 p. m. Bring 15 cents for each lunch. Call 35293 before tomorrow to make reservations. —REYNOLDS.
14 Radio Planners Leave For Chicago Fourteen persons, including" University students and school teachers, who are taking the special intensive course of three weeks in radio program planning, announcing, and technique, left yesterday afternoon for Chicago to visit studios in actual operation, in addition to their own work with WBAA, Purdue station. They spent last night at WON and today will spend the day in NBC studios witnessing rehearsafs and organization of programs, in-
EXCELLENT GREENS SPORTY COURSE 7 Miles North on Road 43, Vt Mile West on Kolb Road Green Fee 35c per half day Edwood Glen Golf Course
NEW TIRES ARE MUCH CHEAPER than the biUs incurred by an accident. Don’t be the victim of • hot weather • old tires • blow out • collision
See the newest Goodyear Tires at
Peter Anderson Phone 44)48 6th & Alabama
-A - ',7'/\\ i', % J j', J
Crown Cleaning Service is inor^
necessary in Summer than any other time
It's harder to keep a prim personal appearance in summer—but
Crown can help you.
Wash Suits and other summer suitings given expert attention. FLANNEL Trousers cleaned without shrinkage by our new method.
Laundry
NE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES Top of the Hill, On the Corner
eluding the preliminary casting and organization for broadcasting of the “First Nighters.” C. E. Menser, mid-west director for NBC, and one of the best known figures in this field, will direct this special rehearsal at which the Purdue class will be special guests. Miss Blanche Young, in charge of radio in the Indianapolis schools, who is teaching the special course for the University, is in charge of the group.
WBAA Brings Lessons In Typing Over The Air Lessons by radio in typewriting, given by L. G. Minear, of Jefferson High School faculty, will be WBAA’s chief contribution to experimental educational broacTcasting this summer, C. E. Dammon announced yesterday. Three 16-minute programs of instruction will be broadcast every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday afternoon at 1:45 o’clock. WBAA, broadcasting daily except Sunday from 11 a. m. to 3 p. m,, will carry the opening lecture each afternoon of the Institute of American Policy and Technology. Regular features, such as the news fiashes, market reports, and agricultural forums will be continued through the summer. Miss Blanche Young, supervisor of radio education in the Indianapolis public schools, is conducting the new intensive unit course of Radio Program Planning and Production in cooperation with WBAA.
New Speakers Appear At Institute Today (Continued from page 1)
nell University engineering schools, nationally known educator and author, will begin Monday on his series of six addresses concerning technological phases of economic problems. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, consultant for the Purdue engineering schools and an authority on time and motion study, and Dr. Pitkin will also talk Monday.
Mills Blames Weather For Business Trends (Continued from page 1)
the University of Wisconsin, in a morning address. In the afternoon. Dr. Kolb, discussing trends in rural education, said, “The rural high school, may if it will, become the focal educational force with its agricultural, home economics, and commercial work, its social «nd physical science, and its cultural arts for both the youth and the adults of the larger, newer, tewn - country community, even as was the country district school in the hey-day of the smaller, older, neighborhood life.” At A Disadvantage In a discussion of geographical environment as it affects the social and political problems of Spain and Italy, Dg. Ellsworth Huntington, professor of human geography at Yale University, declared that both countries were at a great disadvan tage compared with countries farther north because of their diversity
C. CARTER
for
Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Keys Duplicated PHONE 2291 State & Main W. LAfarette
from north to south. Huntington said that the Basques are physically much stronger than the southern Spaniards, and that the so-called mercurial temperament of the Spaniard seems to be a — - - ■
result of lack of vigor. Italy, he said, was in much the same situation, with northern Italy a very good region from the standpoint ot climate, while Sicily is comparable to southern Spain.
WHITE SUITS and all other summer suits cleaned or laundered to satisfying the most exacting demands. y West Side Cleaners DIAL 4081 DELIVERY SERVICE Northwestern at Vine
Food at Tom’s Will Hit the Spot • Regular Meals • Light Lunches • Evening Snacks They Will All Taste Good at TOM'S ARMORY RESTAURANT Just Across from the Armory
. A World of Sports For a Bunch of Good Sports
Tennis Rackets Golf Clubs Baseball Bats
Tennis Balls Golf Balls Baseballs Swimming Trunks
H. G. "Deac" REISHER Everything for a College Education