h- #'■
This Ndwspaper Is Published Egch Morning By, and For Students oi Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
FRIDilY February 18, 1938 hidkma VOL. 49 No. 114
Scabbard And Blade TlflasLbJtho
Joe McCartney
Hall Stresses Scientific Attitude In Marital Talk Featuring Prof. 0. F. Hall, of the education and applied psychology department, as speaker, the first of the seventh annual series of marital lectures for seniors, given yesterday afternoon in the large lecture room of the Education Building, was attended by over 400 senior eds and co-eds. Professor Hall, in his talk, “A
Joe McCartney Plays At Military Formal Tonight Tonight Joe McCartney and his band will play for the annual Scabbard and Blade formal dance in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 until 12 o’clock. During the intermission at 10:30, announcement of the pledges to the military honorary society will be made. Joe McCartney has appeared on the campus several ■ times before, having played for the Scabbard and Blade dance last year. The band, which has played under the name of Johnny Courtney, appeared at the Netherlands Plaza in Cincinatti, O., three summers ago, and last summer was featured at Ideal Beach on Shafer Lake. Forming an arch leading into the ballroom, guidons will be placed in the ballroom hallway to add a militaristic air for the dancers; the colors will also be hting in the ballconsists of a shield placed in a field of tan surrounded by a wooden frame. A cavalier standing with an up-raised sword adorns the center of the shield. Dance committee member G. V. Kellner said last night that though the dance is a formal affair, corsages will be out of style as in'last year’s dance, and will accordingly be “frowned upon.” , Inquiring Reporter To Broadcast Today WBAA’s inquiring reporter will make his weekly appearance this afternoon at 4:15 in the main lobby of the Memorial Union Building, when Henry Miller will take the portable microphone and interview the students who are in the lobby during the 16 minute program. Last week a crowd of 35 persons gathered in 10 minutes to witness and participate in the broad-
cast. ■
Listeners are requested to submit questions for the programs. A Purdue watch fob, made and polished in the Purdue machine shop, will he given to all persons whose question are used. Questions should be mailed to Henry Miller,the inquiring reporter, in care of Radio Station WBAA. London Publication Lauds Professor's Book “The Aeroplane,” a London publication published in the interests of aeronautical engineering, recently reviewed the book, “Airplape Design,” written by Prof. K. D. Wood, head of the University aeronautical engineering department. Numerous inquiries received by the London office indicated widespread interest in the book. The volume is available also in a French translation. Keynoting the review, the first paragraph said, “This i^y far the best book of its kind the reviewer has ever come across. In factrin its comprehensive, thorough, and plain treatment of every aspect of aeroplane design, it stands by itself.”
Sociologist Looks At Marriage,” attacked the old view of “falling in love” by explaining tfiat there is such a thing as scientific training for marriage. This training, he stated further, involves such factors as right attitude, knowledge of the fundamental facts of marriage, and the evasion of such pitfalls as ignorance, indifference, and selfishness, which Prof. Hall referred to as “pure cussedness.” Pamphlets Three page pamphlets, containing 50 “modern marriage maxims” were passed out to those in attendance. These maxims, which were increased this year from 20 to 50, are not generalizations of one person’s ideas, but are the standard accepted views of modern psychologists and sociologists. Professor Hall said. The second lecture in this year’s series is to be given by Dr. J. A. Estey, of the history, economics, and government department, who will -speak on “Money and Marriage.” This talk, which is open to both ed and co-ed seniors, will be given in the large lecture room in the Education Building, February 24, at
4 p. m.
Tribune Columnist Interviews Co-eds Chicago Tribune Beauty Columnist Eleanor Nangle ai'rived on the campus last night to interview Purdue’s most beautiful co-eds. Her mission is to choose one or two girls who are of the correct type for appearance before the Tribune color
camera.
Co-eds selected will go to Chicago where they will be made up in accordance to color photography specifications and photographed. Resulting pictures will appear in a Sunday edition of the Tribune along with a series of photographs of coeds from other Big Ten schools. Miss Nangle’s column, “Through the Looking Glass,” appears weekly in the Sunday edition. Pictures of four University co-eds were reproduced in color in the Sunday Tribune December 15, 1936. Only one or two will be chosen this time, however, and these selections will be based almost entirely on
Rabbi A. H. Silver Speaks Sunday Rabbi Abba Hillel Silver, who has appeared at religious convocations twice previously, will again speak before the University convocation for worship this Sunday. “What Is Permanent in Character” will be the subject Dr. Silver will speak upon. The convo, which will be held^at Eliza Fowler Hall, will start at 10:30 o’tlock. Rabbi Silver, in the eyes of many University students, is one of the most popular speakers of these monthly convocations. Dr. Silver has been associated with a great many social movements of the day. He was a member of President Hooyer’s Unemployment Relief Commission and was one of the first advocates of unemployment insurance in the United States. 200 See AH Men Knight Beef Loin Brilliantly costumed members of the Hoof and Horn Club re-enacted the historic knighting of the loin of beef before a group of 200 students and faculty members at the annual animal husbandrymen’s banquet in the Home Economics Building cafeteria last night. Guest speaker Scott Meiks, manager of the Producers’ Livestock Commission Company of Indianapolis, used a shaded regional map of the United States to outline basic problems confronting the livestock industry today. Special attention was accorded the corn belt producer and Meiks cited the advisability of a national advertising campaign to encourage the consumption of meat. Among guests present were President E. C. Elliott, Dean J. H. Skinner of the school of agriculture. Dean Mary L. Matthews of the school of home economics. Board of Trustees Members David Ross and Palmeif Edgerton, and Prof. F.
photographic type. Margaret Jones Asks Aid In Adivity Reports “Although we are working diligently on the activity papers, we can’t progress very rapidly unless the girls who receive cards for interviews co-operate by showing up at the office.” Thus Margaret Jones commented on the progress of the project of the activities committee in the WSGA office last night. “It is important,” she continued, “that all girls appear for interviews so this project may be finished by the end of next week.” The records of the activities of each girl are sent to the Employment Service, so it is to each girl’s advantage to have a full record for reference of prospective employers. Boyd Raeburn Returns For Tomorrow's Mixer Boyd Raeburn and his orchestra, who played here during Homecoming, will return to the Union ballroom for the mixer tomorrow evening. Raeburn organized his band while a student in the University of Chicago, and has since played numerous engagements in Chicago and vicinity. He features Lorraine, who has gained popularity as a potential “Miss Ted Lewis.” Saturday’s mixer will start at nine and close at midnight. Admission will be one dollar per couple.
Students To Plan Music Programs Inaugurating a new system, a box for contributions and suggestions for music room programs will be placed in the music room of the Memorial Union on Monday. As a variation from the usual policy, anyone who is interested may make up his own program and designate the day which he wishes it to be played. Programs Should be dropped in the box l^efore Friday of each week and should not exceed 10 records in length. Every effort will be made to please those whose programs are submitted. Union officials asserted yesterday. One-Half Ton Will Hang Over Players In 'Of Thee I Sing' Players in the all-campus musical production, “Of Thee I Sing,” will be acting under a tension when the comedy opens in Eliza Fowler Hall March 19, for part of the set weighing approximately one-half ton, will be suspended above their heads. Hung On Fine Wires This part-set, a stage version of the steps leading into the White House, will be hung on fine wires until time to be lowered for its use in the show. As eight complete sets must be stored in very little space, all flats will be made reversible. The sets must be finished in two weeks in time for the dress rehearsals which begin one week before the opening of the show. Help Wanted Those interested in helping with the construction of the sets should sign up at the Playshop Theater office between 4 and 5 o’clock this afternoon. All University students are eligible to work on the crew as the show is an' all-campus enterprise. Men with previous experience will be welcomed by those in charge of set construction. John Buchman, Former Student, Dies In Spain John Jeremiah Bachman, a former University student, died Tuesday at Seville, Spain. Bachman was 41 years of age, and has been the general manager of the Arfiistrong Cork Company in Spain for the past eight years. He attended Purdue from 1912 to
Juniors, Seniors May Lose Attendance Privileges Voluntary attendance of classes, a privilege now accorded juniors and seniors, may be repealed or possibly amended, according to a bulletin issued by President E. C. Elliott last night. Before acting on the measure, the Executive Committee of the Faculty desires to gather all possible information and viewpoints from the undergraduate students. ^ The president stated that the movement had been /started in order to inquire into the voluntary attendance rule and to investigate the workings of it. Students May Voice Opinion
±iocKeina, assistant to tne jrresi- lyxft as a StUu«iii/ ui tmc Cucniicai
dent.
engineering school.
Present Voluntary Attendance Rule The present voluntary class attendance rule stands as follows: Juniors, seniors, and all distinguished students shall be placed upon their own responsibility in the matter of class attendance; provided, that whenever any such junior, senior, or distinguished student shall have become seriously delinquent in any course, the instructor in charge of the course may withdraw the privilege of voluntary attendance for the remainder of the current semester. Notice of such action shall be sent to the head of the department who shall inform the Dean of the School and the Dean of Men (or Dean of Women in the case of woman students). Any junior, senior, or distinguished student reported in this manner from two courses in any semester shall not be entitled to the voluntary attendance privilege during the succeeding semester. Edward C. Elliott, President. No Action Taken On WBAA Location Relocation of the University’s broadcasting station, WBAA, is still undecided, as no definite action was taken during the conference held yesterday at Indianapolis, in the office of the -State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Presidents and other officials of the various state institutions concerned attended the meeting to consider the proposal. President Elliott, Dr. Harding, head of the electrical engineering school, and'T. R. Johnston, University publicity di
X.,4
conference.
John Purdue News Journal Unearthed
An echo of the distant past sounded in the office of President E. C. Elliott recently with the receipt of a newspaper clipping from S. I. Clark of Portland, Ore. The article concerned a newspaper more than 100 years old, which at one time belonged to John Purdue, who gave most of the land and money for establishment of the University. Under the heading, “Over the Fence,” a feature story read as follows in the St. Helens, Ore., Sentinel Mist of January 21. “0. Henry Oleen brought in an old, old paper the other day for me to look through. It was a copy of the National Intelligencer dated Tuesday, Jan. 16, 1838—^just barely
over 100 years old. The copy originally belonged to John Purdue, the founder of Purdue University, and had been handed down to Mrs. Oleen through family channels. “In surprising good condition, the paper bore many items of interest. Much of the printed matter consisted of (fcspatches from what was apparently the Seminole War in Florida which started in December 1835, and lasted until August, 1842. “An advertisement advised subscribers to see the “great tragedian, Mr. Booth, in his favorite role as Richard III.” As near as I can tell, the Booth referred to was Junius Brutus Booth, father of John Wilkes Booth who was Abraham Lincoln’s assassin some 27 years after Junius’
advertised performance. “The paper vTas published by Gales and Seaton ‘thrice a week’ in the nation’s capital. Martin "Van Buren, the eighth president, was in office at the time this copy was printed. j “Figures tabulated on the front page revealed that Washington had an estimated population of 22,790 and these resided in 3,734 dwellings. “Henry Clay was a contributor to the paper. A news item bore tidings of the crash of the Commonwealth Bank of Boston. Several items of “Genteel” furniture were
advertised.
“All in all, an interesting echo out of the past.”
Purdue Chemists Open Organic Field
Editor’s Note: In this fourth article on Pnrdue research, one of the chemistry department’s ISO researches is described. Other articles on research (activities at the University will be published two or three times a week.
By H. I. Stanback Organic chemistry books said it couldn’t be done. Experience showed it was only occasionally possible—under extremely favorable conditions, and then at very high expense.
Yet Purdue’s Research Foundation chemists are succeeding—succeeding in developing economical, large scale methods for nitrating saturated hydrocarbons . . . thus opening new fields in almost every phase of organic chemistry ... offering manufacturers inexhaustible opportunities for cheap synthesis of valuable products. Purdue’s chemists aren't brag-
ging, however. Like many another invention, this new process is pai’tly the result of a lucky accident. Professors H. B. Hass, E. F. Degering, and E. T. McBee are directing the research; five industrial research fellows, working full time, assist them. They have pretty well developed the primary process of nitrating—^now they are constant-
(Continued on page 4)
With this in mind, the Committee on the State of the University will discuss the matter with students interested in the proposed change, either pro or con, in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building from 4 to 5:15 p. m., Monday afternoon. In order to present a preview of the student reaction to this proposal, the following people were asked for statements on the subject: Student Opinion G. E. Linder, Pharm. ’38, said, “Probably the important classes in the student’s major should have a compulsory attendance, but some of the other classes aren’t worth the time put in.’? Y. A. Cheney, ME ’39, stated, “The attendance rule is just about right as it is now. Juniors and seniors are old enough to do things of their own accord.” W. H. Reed, ME ’39, said, “I believe we should have voluntary attendance as some of the professors are not so good in the junior and senior years. However I think there should be a limit of approximately one'-fifth of a semester of cuts. The way it is now no one has to attend
at all.”
R. M. Sasser, ME ’39, was quoted, “The rule is O.K. as it is. The only ones that might be griped are those professors who don’t put out much.” Although additional students were contacted, no one could be found who wholeheartedly supported compulsory attendance of classes. Planning Conference Closes Two Day Session With Attendance Of 200 ail dtteiiuaiiCt? u£ iitiarly 200], the two-day Indiana State-Wide Planning Conference came to a close yesterday afternoon with a consideration of rural zoning and land use planning, together with the place of highways, parks, and health projects in an effective planning program. Harvey W. Morley, chairman of the Steuben county planning commission, presided over the morning session, which was devoted to addresses by M. W. Tarkelson, director of regional planning for Wisconsin, and Flavel Shurtleff, counsel for the American Planning and Civic Association, Washington, D. C. Torkelson, speaking on “Rui'al Zoning,”~emphasized the fact that zoning is not an objective in itself, but merely the means to an end. “Such planning, and its consummation, must be the American way if this generation is to be true to its obligations, the greatest of which is to pass this great country on to posterity as posterity has a right to expect it from us,” Toi’kelson said. Afternoon Speakers Afternoon speakers included CoL Richard Lieber, Indianapolis, vice-pi-esident of the American Planning and Civic Association? Dr. Thurman B. Rice, Indianapolis, chief of the bureau of health and physical education of Indiana State Board of Health; and J. C. Bottum of the University, extension specialist in program planning. Dr. Burton Myers, dean of medicine at Indiana University and vice-chairman of the State Planning Board of Indiana, presided over the closing session.
UM i If
vliM#'
'V
I
« »
;
\ ‘it,i,.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT«
Friday'/ February 18, 1938
The Editor Says
Voluntary Attendance
.... of classes by juniors, seniors, and distinguished students has been a source of dissatisfaction among faculty members since the inauguration of the University’s liberal ruling but probably no more so to them than was the previous compulsory attendance regulation to students. Agitation for change or repeal of the present ruling has been brewing continually, and we predicted at the beginning of 1937 that some action would be taken before the year had passed. No official statement of disapproval of the ruling, however, was made until yesterday. In charge of the committee which will conduct student hearings on class attendance is Professor Charlie Murphy, chairman of the special committee whose proposal for optional attendance was accepted without amendinent by the faculty on December 1, 1933. Juniors, seniors, and all distinguished students were first placed on their own responsibilities in the matter of class attendance at the start of the second semester of that 'school year. At that time advocates of the measure were in hope that it was the first step toward “liberalizing” the University. Professor Murphy said, “I have been waiting for this day ever since I was a sophomore here. I feel that this regulation is a step forward towards a closer bond between students and faculty.”
For three semesters the privileged students^ were permitted an unrestricted number of cuts from class. But, freed from the University’s apron strings for the first time, those students seriously abused the ruling, and at the opening of the first semester of 1935-36 the original regulation was amended to check its most frequent violators.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER
ftoeocinted
Entered as second class matter at the i>o8t oSice in Lafayette, Indian^ under the act of Congress^ of March
8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Ja
. . Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. '
RBPRBSBNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National AdvertisingServiue,flic. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y CHICAGO - Boston - Los Xnceles - san Francisco
Editor-In-Chief
BnslncM Miuinawr
R. P. Manion
D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. J. R Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary —Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager — _J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager .„W. J. Gillllan Local Advertising Manager. R. K. Hensler Circulation Manager M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. F. Obenehain Associate Editors ~J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D, Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Issue Editor—Deckard Night Editor—Schroeder Friday, February 18, 1938
That measure (printed on page 1 of today’s' Exponent) has continued until now, although not make use of the privilege, but the low-
We first heard optional attendance subjected to fire at a joint session of the University Executive Committee and Student Senate on March 10,1936. President Elliott stated then that the possibilities for repeal of the ruling were increasing day by day.
the voluntary attendance rule. The students agreed that it provided an incentive to professors for maWng their classes more interesting.
One Senator demanded, “Why not let the loafers and slackers drop out? Why push them through ?”
Various opinions were presented at that meeting: that the ruling didn’t make any difference in attendance or in scholarship; that it didn’t make any difference for good students, but that poor students could not afford to cut classes; and that students of ability did not make use of thep rivilege, but the lowscholarship students did—to their very evident damage.
And President Elliott replied, “There are scores and scores of college graduates throughout the country who would not have been graduates if they hadn’t been prodded a little at the right time.”
Certain faculty members, and practically all the Senators, commented favorably upon
Certainly any drastic alterations in the present ruling—-and most of all is repeal— will arouse considerable student antagonism. But when the University administration decides_ to put an unpleasant regulation of any sort into effect, it has a way of doing it at the time when students least expect it... . when they are least ready to combat it.
Letters to Uie Editor
Dear Editor: C. D. S. (and many people with him) has the -wrong impression about European Universities. The student goes to the University to get information and to do research. (Attendance to lectures is not compulsory) The student chooses the professor he likes to hear because of his name or the information he can get from him. Professors in Europe are actively engaged in research, industry, business and politics. They may lecture from three to six hours week. Some are prolific writers—i. e. Debye and Piwowarsky in Germany; Porte-vin in France, Westgren in Sweden; W. Bragg and Hume Rothery in England; and MadariagSr in Spain. The professors here in the United States are under the folio-wing handicaps, I believe: 1. Insufficient training in teaching. 2. Overcrowded schedules with classes, laboratory supervision, committees, ets. 3. The students come to them insufficiently prepared. F. R. Morral, Gr. ChE.
By Mary Cooley
A freshman student at Howard University has developed a process of photographing at a speed more than twice as fast as hithei’to pos-
in defense of the country and that “it is a perverted sense of patriotism that attempts to foster war. Students, like other citizens, don’t want war.” * * * *
Ohio Sociefy Displays Water Color Paintings Twenty-five water color paintings are being exhibited in the music room of the Union Building through the courtesy of the Ohio Water Color Society. Another group of paintings is being shown in the Lafayette Art Gallery by the same organization. This is the first time the paintings have been shown in Indiana; the rest of the time they are kept in Ohio. The Union exhibit will be open until February 26.
Speeds ranging from 1-1,000 to 1-1,500,000 of a second are attained by the new method. Although the general principles of the process have been known for many decades, refinements developed by the student, F. Behn Riggs, Jr., make much higher speeds obtainable. Riggs has taken pictures with his machine of a golf ball compressed by a golf dug and a bullet stopped in flight as it shattered a bulb. Despite the terrific speed of the objects, the pictures show very little distortion. In its practical applications, the apparatus will open new fields of investigation in ballistics formerly unknown. By detecting defects in high speed machinery by “freezing” in action, the new appartus -will show both how and why a machine breaks. Its applications in the automobile industry alone promise wide reno-wn for Riggs. * ^ * * III A war poll at the University of Texas brought forth the charge on the part of a Texas newspaper editor that if the results reflected real campus sentiment, it branded pres-ent-day students as slackers. The poll, in which 61.8 per cent of the students said they wouldn’t volunteer for war to invade some other country, was defended by student officials and the Daily Texan who challenged critics to investigate it. They maintained that it reflected expressions of only two or three per cent of the men students, and doesn’t “make slackers” out of these. Jake Pickle, student association president, said the poll does not show a refus?il of students to fight
One of this year’s Phi Beta Kappa initiates was a blind girl who is a senior at Hunter College in New York. This unusual student, who lost her sight at the age of 13, has completed a full college course in three and a half years. She hopes to be accepted at the New York School for Social Work since she is a member of the first class to be graduated in the field of pre-social specialization at Hunter.
Helen’s college work has been done through the help of readers provided by the special fund for that purpose by the state. * * * Id
It’s getting so we start each day’s column with a remark about some pin merger . . . this time it’s news (yeh, we know we said that last time) but anyway: Harry Krause, the Beta blowhard, has pinned a gal. We didn’t know there were such women left.
We aren’t sure who the gal is . . . but if you wanna know, just ask Harry . .. he’ll tell you that. . . and anything else you want or do not want to know.
’SCRUCIATING POME Kiss me dear . . l And hug me tight, ’Cause I must practice . . . For my date TOMORROW nite
Robert L. Rutter, University of Washington student, has solved the high cost of living while he is going to school. He lives aboard a 36-foot yawl moored to a dock on the southern rim of the university campus.
\ . . WITH THE GREATEST OF EASE"
Just take page 4 of Wednesday's EXPONENT and fill in the scores. The rest is easy too.
The Pifis are stiff today and alcohol has nothing to do with it. The girls put on a skating party which was quite a whirl last night. .. and today they are reminiscing, removing splinters, and using quite a bit of liniment.
The bronze plated statue of slowmotion, or something, goes to Alfakai Bonnie Raber . . . she hopped the street car the other day to ride from the Alfaki domicile to the Education Building two blocks away.
Reports have it on vei-y good authority, that the cast for “Of Thee I Sing” is having difficulty in rehearsals . . . Reason: the lines are so funny the actors laugh so much they can’t speak them.
It is reported that Dr. Tom Cowden of the Farm Ma-nagement department wears monogrammed shorts these days . . . guess there is more than one way for a wife to pick her husband from the crowd.
Spring comes early to the Theta Chi ranch house, if cigars in the pockets of the brothers may serve as an indicator*. Exponent Junior Editor Vance, along with Wisehart, Fuller, Griffith, Wright and Dearth have relinquished possession of pins in the last 10 days.
To escape six more weeks of cold winter, a co-ed at the University of Iowa caught Mr. Groundhog and blindfolded him on Groundhog Day.
Improve Your Dancing
NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M.
ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES Onen SATURDAY, FEB. 19th Phone 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
]|
TODAY — SATURDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
HBmuNEsmmmm
PLUS
Defying the law, braving prison bars — two youngsters take a long shot and gamble on love!
THE WRONG ROAD with Richard Cromwell Helen Mack Lionel Atwill
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichiy
“He won’t carry anything but cigars—he became a father ^ today!”
What, Where, When?
By Sally McKee
Up to date, most of our columns have been designed for the consumption of individuals; tonight we have a column for an organization—Playshop. The Exponent the night after opening night ended its story thus “After a pleased audience applauded for over a minute the actors failed to appear for a curtain call.” At the first performance of the year w^ felt the same lack but thought perhaps it could be explained by the as yet new and not entirely installed curtain. But now when all is ready the actors failed to show themselves as they are. One of the most enjoyable moments of play-going is the curtain call when the actors drop their role and display themselves as they are. How thrilling it is to see at
5 DAYS Starting TOMORROW The roaring story of the pirate who saved the nation!
UOLfN tUKOR rRESENTI ACecilB.OeMilie ^ 9B0DUCTI0N
FREDRIC MARCH "THI IBUCCANEEH
A PlUlMMil riciurt Bilk FRANCISKA GAAL AKIM TAMIROFF - LAST DAY —
HUMPHREY BOGART FRANK McHUGH NAT PENDLETON
one moment the frail Elizabeth Barrett and at another the sihiling but ■vigorous body and person of Katht^ erine Cornell. So today we suggest that when the audience asks for a curtain call that the cast respond to the compliment—^bow for the audience.
Dr. Scarseth To Speak On Agriculture Aspects
Dr. G. D. Scarseth, a recent agronomy staff member, will speak in room A of the Union tonight at 7 p. m. His subject will be “Some As-
pects of Agriculture Pertaining to South America.” The talk will be
sponsored by Purdue Agronomy students. After spending 10 years in the Auburn University school of agriculture and traveling in South America,
ARC
TODAY — SATURDAY
mmLT
m
—and— J®HNNY IM^IC
—Also— ‘DICK TRACY” SERIAL
mmA
TODAY — SATURDAY
Palm trees whisper . . . soft breezes play and in each other’s arms Terangi and Marama find peace and contentment!
with ^ DOROTHY LAMOUR JOHN HALL MARY ASTOR
fM4'>Mi
■
Friday. February 18. 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONEjlT
Matmen To Face Chicago
For First Big Ten Match
When the Boilermaker wrestlers meet the powerful University of Chicago squad this afternoon at 4 p. m. in the Fieldhouse in their first Big Ten meet they will be drawing the curtain down on their home wrestling schedule.
Three Tough Boys
Heading the Maroon squad will be R. Finwall, Big Ten Conference champion in the 145, pound class. Valorz, captain of the Chicago squad, has yet to meet defeat during the present season, afid is in the 176 pound class. In the 165 pound class, will be entered Lenhardt, one of the Maroon’s best backfield men during the past gridiron season.
As far as close tussles are concerned, the 146 pound class meeting will no doubt be close from beginning to end, as Hoffman, Rurdue’s ace in the 146 pound class, has been improving in technique and experience with the passing of each meet. Saturday afternoon, Hoffman defeated Wheaton’s captain and stellar performer. Captain Pett, for the second time this season.
Last Practice
Last night, the Boilermaker mat artists went through short drills in their last practice before the meet with Coach Vorre’s Chicago wrestlers. Coach Reeck spent the eve^ning in pointing out slight faults, especially the fault of letting lax
defense tactics on the part of opponents go unnoticed. The entries will be as follows: 118 pound class—Dawson (P) vs. Tinker (C). 126 pound class—Sieber (P) vs. Hughes (C). 136 pound^lass—^Timms (P) vs. G. Finwall (C). 146 pound class—Hoffman (P) vs. R. Finwall (C). 166 pound class—Gossard (P) vs. Lehnhardt (C). 176 pound class—^Willey (P) vs. Volorz (C). Heavyweight—Pratt (P) vs. Wilson (C).
Chart'ers Visits Purdue Dr. W. W. Charters, professor at Ohio State University, will visit the University today to consult with the committee on Instructional Standards. The meeting will be held during a luncheon in the reception room of the Union at 12:16 p. m. The charge per plate will be 60 cents.
WINNIE’S HAMBURGERS
Fie Ice Cream
5
345 State
Appearance Counts
You can bet appearance counts; it counts a loti And nothing gives a better appearance than a well-groomed man. Remember—"It pays to look well." ' Our Barbers ’ > Joe Knott Perry Hazelbaker Chas. Orman Joe Clark Lawrtence Given
Barber Shop
JhsL fiwvdjuuL TnmuywaL UniofL
•They fit. They hold, and mold.' Give tackful support to the slender junior figure.
$2.50 and $5.00
THIEMI & WANGERIN CO.
fielder’s choice
By Dick Obenchain
In a recent copy of the Daily Tex. an, we came across an article about Dana X. Bible (who received publicity latel/ when he refused to play Sultan in a campus production that featured his football team in' the role of a harem) ... The University of Texas football coach recently was signed for 10 years at the Texan institution and is beginning a program which he believes will build up the Longhorn football team.
—^fc-
" Bible has divided the state of Texas up into 16 divisions which are headed by various alumni who really get on the ball to dig up Longhorn football prospects .'.. the Xenophon says frankly, “We are not offering lucrative scholarships and high salaries, but are selling Texas University as an institution of higher learning. The attitude of a player means as much as his. athletic ability.”
-fc—
This seems to be the new idea in football coaching ... Of course there, are many schools who still put athletics on the professional basis . . . But these teams seem to be on the decline . .. Our own Boilermaker coaching staff recommends an Engineering course to most of^its prospective athletes. . . What the modern football coach wants are athletes who want an education and are willing to work to get it.. , The days of paying high wages to athletes and fixing pipe courses for them seem to be going.
85 Track And Field Stars Assemble For \ ■ Indoor Relay Meet
Eighty-five track and field athletes representing Chicago, Wisconsin and Purdue Universities will assemble in the new Fieldhouse tomorrow night to participate in one of the most colorful triangular indoor relay meets ever to be staged by !]^i|g Ten schools. The meet will serve as the inaugural trjlck event for the enlarged Purdue athletic plant. From the.standpoint of scoring, the meet will be quite a ngvelty, as a system of scoring recently devised by Harmon Phillips, Purdue's track coach, will be employed. The scoring for all events will be on the basis of 6 points for first place, 3 for second, and 1 'for third, resulting in a possible victory for the school ^presenting the best balanced squad instead of the team composed of individually brilliant stars. Several Stars In Race Among the most prominent athletes entered in the meet will be Charles Fenske of Wisconsin, who has been coippeting in the best of competition throughout the winter, recently running in the Milrose athletic games in New York’s Madison ‘‘Square Garden. He is the lad who has given Don Lash, Indiana’s greatest milei', so much trouble, Purdue’s contribution to the group of stellar runners will be Bob Lemen, who consistently turns in good performances for the Boilermakers, both on track and field.
Chicago includes on her list of possible winners Halcrow, who excels as a dash man, being entered in the 60 and 100 yard dashes for the Hawkeyes.
-fc-
Some schools such as Johns Hopkins University have abandoned giving athletes any aid at all and have put their competitive athletics on a strictly amateur basis . . . This seems to he a very good plan if every college would adopt it ... No matter how hard it trys, no school can match professional football for a show, and, if that is what football fans want, college football must give way to professional ball . . . If, however, football fans want to see the “die for dear old Siwash” spirit, strictly amateur teams can give them that much better than the semi-pro teams.
Money, Books Remain In Book Exchange There are still 20 books and $20 left in Student Book Exchange according to D. A. Samuels on, Union vice-president. Students who have neglected to call for their hooks or money are asked to do so immediately.
Freshmen squash practice, February 17, at 4 p. m., in the Faculty Gym. All candidates must be present. —FIELDS.
Delicacies
that taste like more
You can't resist our variety of cakes and pastries. They're the masterpieces of Graves' Bakery.^ Made from ingredients with a pedigree by the cleverest bakers that ever fitted a cake tin.
Graves’ quality Bakery
Phone 3852
124 State,'W.L
Nemo Sensations
Nemo Sensations give lines of loveliness to the Junior figure. Five points of Superiority that definitely distinguish the Nemo Sensations: •
1. Nemo Sensations are runproof! 2. Nemo Sensations do not roll up! 3. Nemo Sensations do not bind! 4. Nemo Sensations wash like a “hknkie”. 5. ’ Nemo Sensations stand the test of time.
New Location 622-626 Main St.
Water Polo Squad Faces
Chicago Tankmen Tonight
Boasting the best balanced tank squad that Purdue has had in a number of years, according to Coach Larry LaBree, the varsity swimming squad will travel to Chicago this week-end for a two-day meet with Chicago and Wisconsin.
Purdue, Wisconsin Will Battle Saturday In Return Contest
Smarting under their defeat by Ohio State, Purdue’s net squad will attempt to regain its scoring stride in a return game with Wisconsin at Madison tomorrow night. The Boilermakers downed the Badgers earlier in the season 40-34,
Wisconsin has been slated as one of the tightest defensive teams in in the country, and with their height advantage it will enable them to recover the ball easier from the backboard. These factors should give the fast moving Boilermakers a few anxioiis moments. Veteran Squad This year’s Badger squad is a veteran outfit with only one regular of last season missing. Although they did not turn in a high Big Ten ranking last season, this year’s combination has been one of the better passing and dribbling aggregations that the Boilermakers have met. In an earlier encounter, Wisconsin led the Purdue basketeers for a large portion of the game, with the score never varying over two or three points. In the final two minutes of play the Boilermakers rallied to earn their winning points. Leading the Badger scoring machine are Powell and Rooney who scored 14 and 11 points respectively against the Boilermakers. The Scarlet and White squad are at present sixth in the Big Ten championship race, having won three while dropping four. Despite their record, the hosts will prove on their own floor a hard combination to beat.
Interfraf'ernity Basketball Cary Hall East 2, 18; Cary Hall East 3, 16, Phi Kappa, 34; Kappa Sigma, 27. Sigma Alpha Epsilon, 30; Phi Kappa Psi, 20. Phi Delta Theta, 23; Phi Kappa, 22. Pi Kappa Phi| 20; Sigma Pi, 18. Sigma Chi, 1^3; Sigma Phi Epsilon, 10. Delta Upsilon, 56; Delta Chi, 11. Beta Sigma Psi, 36; Phi Kappa Tau, 18. Beta Theta Pi, 70; Kappa Delta Rho, 14. ^
First on the Boilermaker weekend tank schedule will be a water polo match with the University of Chicago this afternoon, at 4 p. m. In order that they will remain in condition for a triangular s'^imming meet with Chicago and Wisconsin, Saturday afternoon at 4 p.m. they wilf remain in Chicago overnight, 1 Chicago and Wisconsin Strong Coach LaBree expects plenty of competition from Chicago and Wisconsin as both of these teams have excellent records. Chicago defeated Northwestern by 10 points at an earlier date, and Northwestern beat Purdue 54-30 last week-end in the first Big Ten meet held in the Fieldhouse pool. Chipago and Northwestern were co-champions of the Big Ten last season. This is the first time in Big Ten competition that a triangular swimming meet has been held. Up to this time, all meets have been between two teams, but as Wisconsin was scheduled to invade the Boilermaker camp at the same time as the Chicago meet, arrangements were made to hold a three-way meet in Chicago. Squad Leaves Today The swimming squad will leave this morning at 10 o’clock. Two cars will take a part of the squad and the remainder will travel by train. Those who will represent Purdue are Captain Tredwell, Kerber, Carr, VanDelester, Spehn, Fuller, Graham, Howard, Harris, Armstrong, Liming, Jacobi, Craig, Wildhack, Ancher, and Lahey.
BASKETBALL —^Today— Court 1—Aronson. 7:00—Cary Hall N-1 vs. Cary Hall East-1. 7:15—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi. 8:25—Ward 1 vs. Ward 9. 8:40—Ward 14 vs. Ward 2A. Court 2—Gale 7:00—Ward 7 vs. Ward 4. 7:15—^Ward llA vs. Ward 13. 8:25—^Ward 7A vs. Ward 8, 8:40—^Ward 10 vs. Cary Hall 2. Court 3—Foster 7:00—Cary Hall N-3 vs. Cary Hall E-3. 7:15—Ward lOX vs. Cary Hall 3. 8:25—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 4. - 8:40—Ward 5 Vs. Cary HaU 5.
Now Showing
A* complete array of new sweaters. Here are a group of sweaters that are the very last word in coqifort and smartness. Knitted from soft pure wool yarn, are many styles and colors of zippers, pull-overs, and button sweaters.
Whether your supply of slacks needs replenishing or not, no man can afford to go without the comfort and style of these new slacks. Pleated or
plain, with or without zippers.
COMPLETE FORMAL ATTIRE
500 MAIN ST.
500 MAIN ST. — CLOTHES SHOP INC.
,P''f i A
r
i ^ .1
t". r
‘Sf ,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Purdue Chemists(Continued from page 1)
ly developing new uses for the process. Hydrocarbons—natural gases and petroleums—are among the cheapest raw materials found on the earth. Heretofore, their use in chemical manufacture or synthesis has been severely limited because of the difficulty of making them react with other chemicals. Use Cheap Materials In one simple reaction, this new nitration process makes nitroparaffins from these cheap raw materials. Hydrocarbon vapor and nitric acid vapor are mixed and introduced into a coil of hot metal pipe, where they react to form the desired product. Using this reaction as a starting point, it is easy to product such articles as; lacquers, diesel fuels, soaps, cosmetics, plastics, celluloid, resins, lenses, waxes, medicines, insecticides, high explosives, artificial silks and leathers, etc. Refine Lubricants Lubricants may be refined by using a suitable nitroparaffiin to dissolve out undesirable compounds. Nitroparaffins go into diesel fuels to cause fast combustion. Fast combustion in diesel oil eliminates knock, although it does just the opposite for gasoline fuels. Especially excellent as solvents for lacquers are these processed hydrocarbons. Till now the principal expense in making auto paints and lacquers has been the cost of the solvent and “Plasticizer.” Purdue’s new process is expected to decrease this cost materially. Using an alcohol nitroparaffin mixed solvent, cellulose acetate or nitrate made from wood pulp can ' be readily dissolved to produce lacquers. Cellulose acetate is valuable as one of the main ingredients of safety moving picture film. Produce Fatty Acids Nitroparaffins treated with sulfuric acid give compounds known as “fatty acids,” most common of which is vinegar’s acetic acid. Acetic, as well as other “fatty acids” can be made from the original hydrocarbon in just two steps or chemical reactions. Mixed with acids higher in carbon content, cellulose acetate forms plastics with less brittle qualities. Eastman Kodak Company needs large quantities of these to make nonbrittle safety film. These probably will be the first of the nitroparaffin products to go into large scale manufacture. Resin Synthesis Promising Resin synthesis offers one of the most promising fields for these hydrocarbons.' Methacrylate resin, called “Lucite” by duPont, can be cheaply manufactured in just five steps from the original ingredients. This Lucite is the strongest, toughest and most transparent of all resins. Its qualities are so nearly identical with those of optical glass that it can be used for eyeglass, telescope, or camera lens.
KOTC Preliminary Boxing Tournament Finished In Cloud Of Flying Fists In a wild melee of flailing fists the 146 pound and 160 pound classes of the ROTC boxing tournament were held yestei’day afternoon in the Armory, completing the preliminary elimination tournament. Out of a large number of contestants, only five survived in the 145 pound class and four 160 pounders won the right to fight in the semi-finals. Winners in the '145 pound class ai’e B. 1. Woodhull, J. E. Gardner, H. I. Taylor, D. J. Breen, J. Karnisky. In the 160 poundei's, D. L. Mann, 0. L. Brunn, A. H. Hussung, and J. A. Powell went to the semi-final round. The semi-final round is to be held next Thursday afternoon at 4 p. m. in the main gym of the Fieldhouse. To be able to compete in this contest each contestant must receive a certificate from the Student Health Service stating that he is in condition to fight. Each match will be made up of two, two-minute rounds with the winner earning the right to go to the final round.
Personnel Notes
In fact, eyeglasses can even be molded to exact dimensions from Lucite ... at ridiculously low prices. Eyeglasses such as these laugh at hard knocks and even defy blows from a hammer, since they are very tough and elastic. Formaldehyde plus nitroparaffins made by Purdue’s process yields soap and emulsifying agents far superior to any others yet known. This reaction oflFers possibilities for the soap, cosmetic, wax, or salve manufacturer. Make Explosives In the explosives line Purdue’s research chemists make use of these processed hydrocarbons to make a high explosive more powerful than nitroglycerine. Immune to freezing, it has a perfect explosion combustion balance, and is 214^ times as safe to handle as nitroglycerine. Making these discoveries even more valuable from an economic standpoint is the fact that the same process, the same equipment, and many of the same materials can be used in making all of these nitroparaffins. Advances In 4 Stages Development of chemical processes advances in four stages: laboratory production on a small scale; laboratory manufacture on a large scale; pilot plant production, where factory conditions are simulated in miniature equipment; and actual plant manufacture. These processes have been perfected to the third stage already; soon they will be ready for the industrial concerns, and the research work will be complete—except for the never-ending search for new applications.
GINGER ROGERS IN PERSON
is not half so entertaining as
I’ll Marry the Actress”
Friday and Saturday at 8 p. m. FOWLER HALL
By Jim Davis All Engineers J. H. Dillon, technical personnel director of Ingersoll-Rand Company of New York City, manufacturers of air compressing equipment and diesel engines, is coming to the University Monday afternoon, February 21. He intends to spend three days on the tiampus and would like to interview engineering seniors in the upper quarter of their class who are interested in sales engineering. Those jvho would like to be considered for an interview should sign up in the office of the head of their school. Information concerning the Ingersoll-Rand products is available in the Personnel office. Mechanicals Eiect'ricals R. S. Roach of the Detroit Edison Company, the public utilities company which services the Detroit area, will visit the University on Tuesday and Wednesday, February 22 and 23. He wishes to interview senior mechanical and electrical engineers interested in employment with his company in their training course, in sales and commercial work, and in design and research." Roach plans to talk to all senior mechanical and electrical engineers chosen for an interview at 4 o’clock next Tuesday afternoon in the conference room on the ground floor of the Executive Building. His company’s training course consists of six months’ general engineering, one year of design, and two years of power plant work. Roach is also interested in talking to a few junior mechanical and electrical engineers interested in summer employment. Literature on the Detroit-Edison Company is available in the personnel office. Those interested sign up in the main office of their school. WM Basketball Team To Compete At Chicago Purdue’s WAA basketball team has accepted the invitation of Chicago WAA to compete in an inter collegiate basketball tournament to be held at Chicago March 5. The co-ed teams besides Purdue participating are from the University of Iowa, Michigan State University, University of Wisconsin, Northwestern University, and Mundelein College. All WAA girls who are interested in going with the team to Chicago should come to Miss Brady’s office today at 4 p. m.
Friday, February IB, 1038
symversity Calendar
TODAY Scabbard and Blade: Formal pledging, reception room of Union at 7 p. m. Cosmopolitan Club: Room C of the Union at 7 p. m. Music Appreciation Hour: Music room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Scabbard and Blade Dance; Ballroom of Union at 9 p. m.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F: Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
FOR RENT—Room for one student. . One block from campus. 467 North Grant. Phone 36191.
TUXEDO FOR SALE—In excellent condition. Price reasonable. Telephone Fuener at 5086.
• the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
— Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th Sc Main Phone 5701
Beauty Studio
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY service • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Hardware —
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN — Furniture — Student Equipment ^cuqla 3<iVutUuuut Co. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Locksmith •— F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lo^k Berrice our specialty. L. C. N. Door Closer Dlstributora 208-211 N- 5th SL, Phone 2828 Florist ■— fioth 3'kfdaJt Inc. 63S Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7955—8050
LOST—Black Eversharp Lifetime pen on campus. Phone 66681.
LOST—Slide rule and case. Name on each. R. B. Wiltshire. Phone 5071.
Notices Mo Notices Accepted Atter ( p.m.
CE 6 Students: Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1. —LOMMEL.
Registration Helpers; Persons who worked for the registrar on February 1 and 2 may get their checks by calling at the Regisstrar’s office. i-18 —STONE.
Music Room Patrons: Students desiring certain selections on the daily music room programs of recordings may put their contributions in a box to be placed in the
music room.
-WOOD, CABONARGI.
2-18
Newman Club: All girls wishing to have dates arranged for the dance Friday, February 18, call Helen Beko, 36022. Boys
wishing dates call Jim Von Harz, 602L —OTTENWELLER.
Flying Cadet Applicants: The special flying cadet examining board will be at Purdue from Pebrtiary 21 to 26. Persons Interested in taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before February 21. —HAYFORD.
Ceres: No meeting this week, February 16-21. —HENRY.
Of Thee 1 Sing: Rehearsal for princii>als and all choruses, except eight show girls, in the tower room of the Unldn, Friday, February 18, at 4 o’clock. —WORCESTER.
Purdue Union of Jewish Youth: Meeting Sunday, February 20, in room A of the Union Building at 3 o’clock. —HONOROFF.
YWCA; Meeting pos^oned until Saturday, February 19. Important. —BRYANT.
Ward Doubles Tournament: Sign up on intramural bulletin board at once. Medals for first and second places. —BILLINGS.
All-Campus Badminton: Sign up on intramural bulletin board for all-campus singles tournament to be played soon. Medals for first and second places. —BILLINGS.
Scabbard and Blade: Formal pledging will be held Friday, February 18, at 7 :30 p. m. in reception room of the Union. -BAALS.
Dairy Club: Shoit course party Friday, February 18 at 7 p. m. in Smith Hall. —MYERS.
Freshman Union Workers: Important meeting in the ballroom at 4 p. m. Friday, February 18, of all those who signed up to work on the Union survey. It is necessary that everyone attend this meeting.
—MASON. WAA Badminton: Practice Friday, February 18 at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. Instruction for beginners. —BRADY.
Luthern Students’ Club: Reorganization meeting in rooms 1 & 2 of the Memorial Union Building on Sunday, February 20, at 4 :30 p. m. —BRANDT, PULTZ. English Condition Examinations: In all courses of English ^and Speech will be held Saturday, March 12, 1 p. m., in Education Building, room 201 —CREEK.
‘Of Theee I Sing’ Stage Crew: All students interested in the construction of sets sign up in the Playshop Theater office between 4 and 5 p. m., Friday, February 18. —GLOVER.
Mixed Swim: Instead of mixed recreation there will be a mixed swim Friday, February 18, at 7 :30 p m., in the Memorial Gym —TUBBS.
PIA Orchestra: Rehearsal Friday, February 18, at 7 p. m., in the tower room of the Union. —SHINN.
Skull and Crescent: Please send the name to me before Sunday, February 20. —COOPER.
Members Peg Fairfax Cast: See WSGA bulletin board for place of meeting at 4 p m Friday, February 18. —RICHEY.
WAA Basketball: Girls interested in going to Chicago, March 6, come to meeting in Miss Brady’s office Friday, February 18, at 4 p. m, ' —MORRIS.^
Gold Peppers: Meet in WSGA office at 4 p. m., Friday, February 18. It is important that all members be present. —SLOCUM.
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 4 p. m., Friday, February 18, in room C of the Union. —SLOCUM. Union Workers: My committee will meet in the Union office Friday, February 18, at 4 p. m. —JACOBSON.
Union Workers: My committee will meet in the j Union office Friday, February 18, at 4 p. 'm. —MASON.
Union Workers: My committee will meet in the Union office Friday, February 18, at 4 p. m. -GROSSMAN.
Freshman Union Workers: My committees will meet in the work-shop Friday, February 18, at 4 p. m. —CABONARGI.
Union Committees: The following freshmen will work on the committees listed: Crossman—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff: Eastburn—^Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler. Turner—Ona Morrison, Jane Black, Mary Jane Kyle j Wood—Catherine O’Leary, Marilyn McKnight, Josinah Allen ; Cabonargi— Ona Morrison, Josinah Allen ; Matthews— Pane Black. Millholland—Marilyn McKnight, W. A. Illsley, M. A. Kline; Samuelson—Manette Hollingsworth, Jane Schueler, J. A. Stahn; Jacobson—Mary Jane Kyle, Catherine O’Leary, R. Bauman. Garland—A. Botsford ; Harper—Dorothy Kolar, Mary Louise Goff, H. C. Dees, J. C. Webb: Taylor— H. W. Lloyd, J. H. Ant. 2-22 N—SAMUELSON.
It's Handed To You on a Silver Platter Enter the Basketball Contest and find out for yourself.
SiL (jJiuL.! Here’S Your Chance to Win
tenter the Basketball Contest before it's too late and count yourself among the winners.
The Lucky Ones So Far Hove Been:— R. H. THATCHER (f - FRANCIS McAllister W. A. BEMAN I. B. ORTMAN J. H. THOMSON R. A. KETTLE ^ WILLIAM CARNES A. N. KRATTEBOL
The Purdue Exponent
^'1^1
"Hi
< I
»
PI